Most common words for this cluster:
[('knee', 254), ('leg', 252), ('ankle', 209), ('neck', 195), ('toe', 159), ('arm', 143), ('shoulder', 136), ('wrist', 72), ('sore', 67), ('bruise', 59), ('thumb', 57), ('hip', 53)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'knee', 0.8211976885795593), (u'ankle', 0.8070680499076843), (u'forearm', 0.7777396440505981), (u'elbow', 0.7668991684913635), (u'leg', 0.7650968432426453), (u'thigh', 0.7609656453132629), (u'shoulder', 0.7582517862319946), (u'shin', 0.7521958351135254), (u'wrist', 0.7373009920120239), (u'groin', 0.7219431400299072)]





has hurt her ankle!! and is going to the dr 
i hurt my leg! 
still spitting out stitches from that bone graft 
owww.... just hit my elbow really hard on a door 
hmm shoulder is making some bad noises if i move my arm back and forth (i know don't do it!) fear a return to physio may be required 
@mistystilletto if it had happened to anyone else i would have peed myself laughing. I scraped my leg 
has a really sore elbow.  i think it's broken 
...if only I didn't feel crippled today. I can barely move my shoulder and neck 
someone save me from bio lecture... its too early for this! and my knee is black and blue 
god damn...these hurt ribs are seriously cramping my exercise style. 
gah. my wrist is still hurting 
really wishes her jaw would stop hurting.  
my shoulder is killing me oh my god i cant even move it 
having knee checked out.  not feeling right. 
got to go to the physio's soon 
last day before vacation! hip hip hooray hip hip hooray!...alarm didn't go off this morning making me unproductive before a very buys day 
last day before vacation! hip hip hooray hip hip hooray!...alarm didn't go off this morning making me unproductive before a very busy day 
Just back from the wound care center, the 2 wounds on my lower leg are getting larger. I go back tomorrow.  
@PiggyRod i was shaving my arm pit. And it hurts 
icing my ankle 
had his calf lock on him again! 
my body is really hating me today. cut my knee, cut my elbow, cut my toe nail. all bleeding. plus tons of lifting and  moving... 
My dislocated toe has decided to redislocate itself so now its reverse dislocated . And it hurts . 
i have a cold and a sprained thumb  ouch
is nursing a rather poorly dural tear and an inactive sacrum 
Has a gnarly blister on the pinky toe 
has a swollen ankle  but is sorted with twilight &amp; sunshine
Bad night.. sore bottom and arm.. no fun 
Watching hudds vs rhinos, on sofa with busted hip 
i sprained my thumb speed texting  :L
I just woke up and my leg is dead 
...and the devil in kitten form just sneezed on my arm. thanks for adding insult to injury, life. 
I broke my toe 
my jaw is aching and my elbows.  roll on may 15th (next doc appointment).
Put up on the couch with a hurt ankle while everyone else is frolicing in the park 
it hurts poor thumb 
I have such a sore neck from sewing literally all day  whinge
wow  i thought my leg was getting alot better...
waaaaa! i'm having a knee injury  can't bend it.. (
there is a pimple on my neck! 
oh man do my calf's hurt!!! mostly to right one because of an ubber painful muscle cramp :S i can barely walk 
I hurt my thumb, can't... twitter... as ... much... 
i think i mistakenly threw out my thumb drive when i was cleaning my apartment.  definitely won't do that again. clean, i mean.
@Crastking I got the turtle neck 
feels good to have my bandages off..but my scar is going to be very ugly 
@MariahCarey lucky you've got your pipes...throat infection in my neck of the woods 
@dittebb pulled a muscle in the shoulder. I sure hope it gets better soon. 
@sebby_peek i love you too sebby, how's your ankle? 
@yorudan pants to drama  I *think* I have finally settled on my left arm design. Not telling though ;D
has a sore ankle and calf from stoopid bitey fireant type things 
@aristeia It looked so painful  but apparently he felt better immediately, he could even walk without crutches.
hurt my hip and knee at the beach..argh the pain.. wish I had time to take a pk and get a load of seep.. no such luck though.. 
My ribs are itching. Wahhh? 
neck herts 
so hungover slash maybe still drunk. need shin ramyun to cure but im out 
is suffering from a broken wrist 
My son sprained his knee. Not sure if during bball or fball but its full of fluid. He's 10 and this is the second time its happened. 
To be honest hip hop is dead to me 80% of everything out is not hip hop but they wanna us to belive it is. I miss the early and mid 90s. 
very very hurty knee 
@givebackmycd fell off a couch... lol i was pretty drunk and just wasnt paying attention.. i tore all the ligaments in my ankle 
I just hurt my toe 
@TheRopolitans leaving RISP is the #Mets Achilles' heel 
owwwiee! i just fell over and full on scraped my knee. its bleeding and everything!! it hurts!! 
i have growing pains! in my leg - ouch 
Docs appt this afternoon - shoulder still sore tho so not much hope there 
has hit her elbow on her laptop, who ever thought of calling it a funny bone, it's not 
my leg really hurts 
has a relii sore bake from the trampoline yesterdaii !!! 
lying in bed with a  rather uncomfortable leg... about to take some disgusting painkillers and attempt to get up to the toilet 
@LeavingGirl unfortunately I'm getting practice now - it likes to kick me in the ribs all night and bounce on my bladder  
@SoloRunner Thanks! Hopefully the calf injury has heeled. I haven't run anything but a half marathon in the last month!  
my neck hurts so bad from that bathing suit!!A row a blisters where the strap was....  -ordered a new one last night..
found out that i fractured my wrist last wednesday. in plaster and unsure if i can ride bmx nationals 
Really wish I could remember what &amp; when I knocked the crap out of my arm/elbow.  It hurts to bend it. 
found out the reason I can't stand up is a ruptured Achilles-operation tonight, 1st ever general aneasthetic-no hockey for 9-12 months  
found out the reason I can't stand up is a ruptured Achilles-operation tonight, 1st ever general anaesthetic-no hockey for 9-12 months 
I think my elbow is fractured?             
finally just finished homework. my leg is burning. i hate bug bites. 
@TwitterQueenie ya..  sob sob...haha..my leg too long and when i do downhill, it curse my ankle and knee on my every steps.uphill is good
Off to get my ankle joint injected 
I think I have broken my toe 
Really sore neck 
My toe hurters 
my triceps are twitching..it's difficult to type 
@YoungWoon it ended my high school track and basketball career.  damn ACL!
@UkuleleJammin pretty good, i wanted it on my tailbone but noone would do it for me 
omg i have a nasty blister on my toe 
@DianeDenmark got a torn leg muscle so no wii fit   I'm missing it!
neck strain 
worrying about foot blister....when will it get smaller?? literally the size of my little finger 
still has a really bad sprained ankle and can hardly walk on it 
I had forgotten just how bad ankylosing spondylitis could be. I can't even move without the feeling that I am being stabbed in the hip 
Marveling at the ridiculously large bandage on my thumb  I should not be allowed to cook with sharp knives when in a hurry!
hand hurtin like a beeyatch. shoulder aching like a broken &lt;3. when will it stop? stoopid ulnar nerve dmg / dissertation 
My ankle is ouchy 
Just got back from a three mile run. I think I am getting shin splints 
wishing my knee was fixed so i could go snowboarding 
trying to heal my jaw 
My arm is still hurting from that crappy injection! 
I burnt my arm the other day cooking a quesadilla and my burn now has a little blister on it  ouch.
My thumb is throbbing. It looks as bad as it hurts 
i have a sore tail bone    haha and tonsilitis. i'm falling apart!
hip hop got cancelled cos miss rebeccas sick 
I had to have a tetanus shot this morning and my arm still hurts! 
My shoulder is still messed up 
@mikegentile Aww  well at least the concussion will help you sleep, no?
I think I might have just injured my left shoulder. It hurts real bad...agh. 
@silent_brad elbow, he's out for bout 12 weeks 
I got a big bruise on my arm and do not know how I got it 
I just slammed my elbow into a fridge, I did not find it humerous. 
Oh and car out of action, feels like I have lost my left arm 
I'm not very good with tagging...  *hit own wrist*
My ice pack melted all over me last night..  i'm still miserable. How can i get my nails done when a cant lift my arm?
My ice pack melted all over me last night..  i'm still miserable. How can i get my nails done when i cant lift my arm?
limping around with a sprained kneecap. 
i just stubbed my toe on a chair  AND it was the pinkie! thats the best toe!
just back for A&amp;E and ive broken my knee 
my ankle got twisted while getting off a tram  goddamn heels!
Outch just got bite on the neck by a spider outside 
I just spilled a big steaming hot pitcher of half and half down my leg. 
hurt her ankle. 
@DesignerBaby damaged all my ligaments in my left ankle  and yh it does suck!
My knee kills 
Why do i have a bruise on my forehead 
Despite slicing my thumb  one more tire/brake 2 go + I'm doing it 2 a groove! www.flowink.com
thinks she broke/ sprained her wrist... 
i have a blister on my little toe 
@altwheels He did something to his hip or leg turning around to get out of the car tonight... he's not yelping now but still hurting.  
has work related injuries.. and not enough sleep .. 
bad cough. sore chest. i jammed my fingy in the gate 
I just peed on my leg a little 
@JamesManes I backed it up to my thumb drive 
Has a sore and dermal free sternum  xxx
is getting ready for a knee scope. 
I cut my thumb 
@izzazrin how did you sprain your ankle izz?! ouchies  hope it gets better soon! *hugg*
ouch! extremely sore toe 
can barely walk, might have torn something in my left knee 
is aching, pulled a neck muscle mowing the lawns today  
brother just knee'd me in the neck  owch.
@LushiousBabe saydly we don't get the quad here and I want it badly! 
My neck still kills  Also Sundays still suck! lol
I'm awake. Last night I kicked the metal leg of a coffee table and I think I messed up my toe really bad. It hurts to wear heels  boooo
@RandyHaddock there's some serious injuries. 
doesn't like it when her leg is a snack for a rottie... sore 
it hurts my tailbone when I cough. 
@mikeykhabbaz yeahh i did! pretty much got killed lol. i sprained my wrist in their last song!  but good timesss haha. excited for may 23?
Still hurt my leg 
My knee has a mind of its own.. And is trying to kill me. 
mom might have to have surgery on her ankle if the cast dosen't set it properly by the 20th    this is all my fault :'[
I hate cleaning.  can be at nicks house now?
I think I've sprained my ankle. 
I woke up to my ankle being randomly swollen...I'm not sure why. I'm a little confused and sore 
I think I dislocated my shoulder 
Nothing worst than waking up with a cramp in the back of your leg 
feeling really confident except for this pain in my right wrist. 
Is in A&amp;E with her 2yr old he's damaged his knee 
i think i broke my little toe 
@fcomunoz hey there! take care! I hope your knee gets better 
animal crossing, taking five, and a nice warm blanket.. exactly what i need right now. my toe/leg is killing me and so is my burnt thumb. 
   I hate it when any athlete appears to tear an ACL on live television.
Never going 2 be the same!  does this mean that I'm gonna have 2 play with a knee brace 4 the rest of my life? I'm only 15! It's not fair!
my arm really hurts 
And just yawned and glicked on my arm 
i took an elbow to the throat a year ago.. shattered my C6/7 in a game.. can't play anymore  but now i swim
I think I cracked my neck... I can't even move 
neck ish sore 
Hopefully my neck heals by tomorrow or else I have to go to the chiropractor   goodnight!
My dog had hip surgery today becuase she had hip problems she's only 8 years old!  
I think I have bruised ribs, cause the minute I lay on my stomach or side my ribs and sternum hurt, to the point where I can't breathe!!! 
ouch my wrist hurts, gym accident, will have to see a surgeon 
a plate fell on my big toe  it still hurts and its bright red..i think it hit a nerve :-S
I have joined the sore shoulder crew 
my wrist is sprained thanxs to mitchell myles 
i'd wanna go for a jog. but my ankle does not seem to want to cooperate. 
@DamienCripps am in heaps of pain mate - shoulder is killing me am totally incapacitated 
has a sore hip 
I have bites on my neck 
Is wondering how much sorer my knee can get before I cry! 
this wrist support is killer! Ouchie 
shoulder cramp 
nursing my broken black and blue toe  ouch... http://twitpic.com/4w1c7
could have possibly sprained his ankle 
given self arm lovebite, only teethmarks remain 
the reason why is because she broke her tibia and fibula and they have to put a rod in her leg to fix it. 
my wrist still hurts, i can barely type 
got burned on the crepe machine at work... now i have an ugly scar on my arm 
missing race #2 - neck in traction 
Getting ready to drive back to campus. I hurt my ankle 
i think my arm is infected... 
I think I just broke my thumb! 
I think my ankle is messed up  
It seems as though I have pinched a nerve in my neck. pretty much incapcitated, so much to do this weekend 
designing a tattoo, then sleep.. no seeing klaas for me tonight  ankle is totally busted
I pulled the muscle under my collar bone 
my left leg is aching badly 
has a really big ugly bruise on his leg 
twisted my ankle running when i stepped on a sidewalk crack 
i seriously think that i suffer from insomnia. i need some fuckin tylenol pm. my ankle and knee kill 
has a sore shoulder 
@ambermaishment As i was getting out of bed my toe was stuck in the duvet and it just made a massive crunch and it really hurts 
Drinking injury 
@violetbakes Having a break as wrist is killing me  Apparently they are very hard to get rid of!
have now managed to screw my left leg (calf strain), not having much luck with injuries 
hurt her elbow again 
 my ribs hurt,had a gansta fight last night with kade,forgot about my ribs and we chest slamed hard!!!!
Something stupid just happened a few mins ago. I spilled my nail polish all over my leg, foot, bean bag and floor 
@pinpricks ..anything else since. He has 2 cuts in his head, a bruised lung and a badly broken leg 
i just slip my knee at the computer table! AW! now it s raining bloo in here!! ( omgosh! pity knee.. i guess i need 4 sttches  OVER.
I think i've killed my arm 
ive cut my leg open :'( it wnt stop bleeding 
i fell down last night and have a raspberry on my knee!! 
Damage report for the group numerous bruises and a wrist with a dual fracture - so close too 0 broken bones for the trip 
@Astronick so just a leisurely stroll... :-P actually doesn't sound too bad, but it'd take me a whole day! (gippy knee&amp;ankle  )
@MoneyMagnet619 I TRIED! i got the bruises from when I was going out of the field after I got out. 
i cut my thumb on grass 
@MariaJonas09 I Stratch my arm! 
has an ouchie thumb... 
It's official: I sprained my ankle and I can't walk. 
my side/ribs hurt so much 
ughhhh icing my swollen leg 
ug... my shoulder is killing me 
@thrivingink in essence. i guess the cartilage moved away from the bone, which connected the bone to the sternum. wtf 
My kneck is cranked.. no B0$$! 
My neck is cranked to hell.. n0 m0 B0$$! 
Ah! I woke up with a pain in my knee.  will I over be able play the piano again?!
@mklopez a lucky.. full sucker  my ankle is still swollen
icing my knee 
i have three elbow creases in my left elbow. i am becoming wrinkly  i blame the rash.
is awake and my neck is hurting 
Has mild concussion 
@mama_leg who won?????!!!! i didnt watch it 
knee kills  i don't know what i did?
@violetbakes  Yes, me too, don't think I'd want a loved one on my finger, or round my neck however pretty they looked 
owww i just stood on my own foot     .. right i'm going before i break my leg or something ..
woke up with neck killing me, can't turn my head to the right. I think its carma for teasing my cousin about her having a stiff neck 
so yesterday I fell in in the parking lot.  hurt my hand, scraped my knee, and messed up my platforms.    
A humanoid without a leg is so BORING grrrrrrrrrrrr 
@pyrocitrania LOL too bad i don't have any leg to show. 
hit knee on desk  ouch
My knee is really hurting... This can't be good 
@HappyCassie ::pats on shoulder:: 
Sitting on the couch with a badly bruised and hyper extended arm/elbow. 
I swear I had the dimples of the hockey ball in my leg. I actually can hardly walk now 
i need my bff shoulder to crying on 
hut myself at netball  now i can't rest my elbow on anything
My left leg hurts so bad!  i think i might have restless leg syndrome
Hates how her ankle is still bruised and swollen. I forgot how whack sprained ankles are. 
Laying down..cold, tired, sore, lonely.. Mostly lonely 
megan just pushed me down my stairs and now i have a massive as bruise on my arm 
i found a bruise on my arm ugh 
i have a bruise on the top of my leg from falling down the stairs at work last night... it was wet and slippery ok! its vewy sore 
@sarbear_87 burned her leg, so no luau for us  we instead walked over to the belmont for a cocktail. She has ice on her leg as we tweet.
Sighh, 3 am and once again, I can't sleep because of my shoulder  
fainted for the first time ever today :O .....so scary.... hit my arm/elbow while doing it and it has cause me pain 
My thumb hurst again 
ow my arm 
I have a stiff neck  
not!ninja beetle just crawled up my leg (and I thought it was stray thread) 
i had a bad fall last night - basically face-planted the road - and now my right knee is killing me 
shreded my leg  painful! i like the name johanna :-P
i have a bandaid on my toe 
OUCH! my stiff neck is hurting me so bad 
I wish my ankle would be complete heal finally... 
the bruise on my leg actually is the size of my hand 
@Brooberto I have a wrist sprain  it hurts so bad I want to cry
twisted my ankle which is now in the process of swelling 
My got into an accident last night. She is hurt, and her friend bone is sticking out her leg. 
@plasticmonument Fortunately, the little one was not in the car.  She's in fair condition: broken arm and wrist and some broken ribs. 
My toe still hurts . . . 
day 2 with my injure shoulder! 
There is a man using my elbow rest.  http://twitpic.com/5dklt
still hasn't recovered from last nights antics and my knee stings 
ouchie I tripped over my sister's shoe and cut my leg on her bed. 
@mark_ca I broke all bones in my left wrist in awful gymnastics competition fall &amp; I did go back to that, but was never the same 
i am exhasted...had a busy weekend...my ankle hurts...n i miss my husband 
@BeantownMike i burned my arm while trying to cook 
My knee has absolutely SHAT itself, can barely walk. 
@mistadee I hope I can still come but if my knee is no better  then I won't be able to, as I am still on crutches at the mo  boooo xxx
i just kicked my toe!! 
My favourite jeans are ripping on the knee and crotch, I don't want them to die 
crap, remember I had that operation on my knee? i just felt something bubble &amp; snap in my knee &amp; know it really hurts 
crap, remember I had that operation on my knee? I just felt something bubble &amp; snap in my knee &amp; now it really hurts 
My leg is going to blow now 
I've pulled a tendon in my left heel and can't walk properly. I hobble slowly and gingerly from place to place. 
Icing the swollen ankle and knee  No running for a while
i strained my left knee! 
I just woke up.  neck and back still screaming.
discovered a twisted tendon on my right ankle..oh no..paintball! 
Just burnt my elbow. 
no really, ow my neck 
recovering from an injury made by laughing too much 
My shoulder is causing me pain 
I have done something to my leg/knee. not sure exactly where the pain is coming from yet. right leg, so I'm a bit worried about driving. 
@andrew_paradigm sorry to hear about the shoulder  does that force a break from training then? sounds painful....
@donaldho my wrist still hurts 
my neck still hurts 
The chest pains have returned 
Just put this together for 1 of our ACL Moodlers http://nn.nf/4145 I hope it works and isn't a case of this works for me but not for you 
is wondering why her shoulder still hurts 
@burntbroccoli i feel like someones kicked my ribs and shins.  They haven't though...unless...!? :-/
@kweilo You should see my arm! 
i think i might of dislocated my pelvis. again. it is so painful 
3d hooray! i smashed my ankle and it swelled up. stupid teacher giving bad advice 
In other news, leg cramps in your calves hurt. A lot. 
@nessgoddess no bloody idea turned funny at footy seemed to have knackered I can't raise it above shoulder hieght or rotate it 
about to go to hockey... hit my knee into my desk 
ouch! tweaked my right ankle 
on my leg !  
i cut my ankle when i was shaving! 
my toe is bleeding  climbed the rocks then i tripped. 
ear is sore, and glass in my foot and dirmititis is ouchie! 
uh, woke up with cramps. that was unexpected. hip flexors are super sore. not sure if this run is going to happen... 
i think i sprained my ankle 
decked it coming up the stairs a beast have an absolute belter of a carpet burn on my knee 
Also walked on treadmill for first time since surgery, got 15 slow mins before knee done. Couldn't even get heart rate over 105 
is tired, and cold, and sore 
My poor puppy - I hope his leg heals soon. 
My knee is starting to hurt again- noooo, knee, you're supposed to be better! 
off to lauphlin      with a broken wrist 
I feel like I broke my toe 
My right shoulder aches. 
i just cut up my heel on stupid @bchampy06 weights that i can't move 
I think i've broke my ankle 
I've managed to cut my neck........ouch 
owies i just got stabbed in the leg by my badge 
@JessJessica because I fell on the hardwood stairs at my grandma's house and there's a fatty bruise on my shin 
i took my dog out for playin n not realizing tht my knee was hurt i started running arnd n then it came.. back home back in pain.. 
sad time about my red right ankle: I can only wear 1 pair of shoes, it's the only one my splint fits in. 
My knee is so swollen 
I may have taken a step backward with the shoulder rehab 
wearing this foot brace for my sprained ligament has worn me down alot today  so tired
ugh just stabbed my knee with a high heel... 
@kimberly625 ugh, not cool at all.    why when it rains? it's my left knee.  i don't have arthritis in my right knee.  yet.  haha
I have a blister on my toe.  
stupid stupid stupid skipping  had to go hurt my leg.. and now it hurts to walk 
i have a kink in my neck, i think it's cause of stress. it hurts to turn my head to the right! someone massage my neck 
my neck problems have been worse by each day...i really don't wanna have surgery 
@tommcfly aw, poor little second unappreciated toe  hah,
No wonder my leg was hurting when walking around and hitting range balls @ work. Slacks were ripping off scabs  http://twitpic.com/65y1q
Freaking stitches hurt so bad  trying to sleeep
My knee is swollen! 
...and I hurt my knee in the first inning 
fucking in pain while I sleep twisted my ankle really bad  playing basketball at stewart park ova south! damnn. tweet me bored.
My neck is killing me and I don't know why. 
how do you get a kink outta your ankle? 
it feels as though my knee caps have been shattered. 
bruise on knee will make it hard to skate tomorrow. 
my knee is killing me  im off to bed!!
 wth is happening with my neck. this is definitely not stiff neck :|
i pulled a muscle in my neck this morning just feels like its getting more sore 
@onmammaz ugh! I have a knee injury too, except mine is just an infected cut that hurts like hell 
Just found out one of my ankles is swollen...eeks now it hurts 
ouch  epic bruise between my toes and a lump just under my ankle  bad times
I have a broken wrist 
bah! bk on reception  comps aint working.....BUT the sun has got his hat on hip-hip-horay  x
knee surgery.... back home for about 6 weeks 
Ugh my neck really hurts  I'm out aquatards, xox
That was a  and it's because I missed too many leg sessions recently.
I stung myself with stinging nettles all down my shin 
can't feel my tail bone. 
@anitapsays what happened?  are you suffering from neck/shoulder/back pain like me?  i can't move either 
my knees are sore after physio 
Is wondering if my ankle will ever stop hurting 
i guessed my leg havent healed from the old injuries  but i can still run though and kick ball! haha. but will sometimes fell a sharp pain
@ME215 I know it's just a sprain. It's a repetitive injury for me. 
I fell! I think my knee is broken  but I look fabulous 
@edwardsheroin *taps shoulder* forgotten 
broken my leg  comment me please
Hey where my left nipple? She never respond bacc.. 
Draven's elbow met cement this afternoon  Looks nasty.
My knee is killing me 
I burnt my arm.  (just thought you should know)
@NathalieCaron I ended up not going because my left knee is killing me.  I think I pushed myself too much yesterday 
Now standing because my tailbone is killing me 
R.I.P little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck 
My boyfriend just broke his wrist, now he might need surgery  im so nervous
is on crutches! 
@drerae awww. that sux! my mom has a totally numb finger as well ever since she had her surgery for her hip replacement..sucky. 
I just banged my elbow and its bleeding  owwiee
throat is reallyyyyy sore , i can barely talk 
@selenagomez bananabrain2 got hit by a car and got screwed! : O, 32 oepn wounds, a broken finger, broken toe (both toe and nail) f**ed up 
Just got home from the hospital.... i have another clot in my leg 
I think I tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  I'm getting old.
I hve a blister on my pinky nd it hurts soooo much! 
off to bed with my sore nipples 
I got into a fight with the pavement. I think it won  poor little knee
@jordanlyn  Can we turn back time, make it so you didn't hurt your knee so bad.. :'( and then you can come to mine and never be ignored??
Not tonight  he hurt his arm 
arm is killing me from the tetanus shotttt 
my ankle hurts and the side of my right ankle is swollen from tug-of-war 
my arm is killing me from archery 
i have a bruised jaw  it hurts so much but i look really hardcore lol
my neck still hurts 
Most awkward reunion w/ college friend: him recognizing me on the hip adductor + not being able to gracefully bring legs in 
@ktgeek I like that you come to my neck of the woods and don't invite me 
@Kihnfolk Awww broken hearts are sad. But I've been thinking about making the one on my thumb  broken too 
@trigirl718 which tri are you doing? I'm anxious to get my knee probs behind me and do one but for now I'm stuck on the bike 
using a neck brace  wild gig last night... my neck couldn't handle it. argh
Is full, I shouldn't have ate those ribs 
wow, okay torn ligaments.. ankle braces suck, no soccer for like a month dang.. 
auch my wrist! it hurts me so much!! 
My bro hurt his stomach &amp; I was comforting him right? Then when I pat his knee, I realize his pants are wet. Turns out he peed on me 
oblique strain!  what the smurf is wrong with me lately!
THAT SUCKED !!!   There was a spider the size of my thumb in my glove.  I poked it 
http://twitpic.com/68ort - ...i hit my leg 
my neck also hurts 
i just hit my little toe on my dumbbell  boo-urns!!
I just broke my toe 
sorry , havent tweeted in a while. surgery on my arm, wrestling career definately over.  it definately hurts to know its over.
my toe is blue and yellow 
i sprained my ankle and its killing me 
Lying on the sofa resting my leg! 
is in need of a masage.. my neck feels so sourish sore! 
Just hurt her elbow real bad full bleeding and scraped 
is in need of a massage.. my neck feels so sourish sore! 
If I poked it with a needle would it deflate ? I can feel my veins in my wrist swelling up as well grrr  http://myloc.me/24nX
just woke up and my wrist hurt so much 
@TerenceTeng found u TEEEEETS! don't cry  prosperity's shoulder is always there. kakaka
isnt feeling good... chest is weezy 
aww nicks face is cut off 
@nevershoutbecca  But there isn't a devil on my shoulder 
sprained her ankle from cobra starship 
I think I sprang my wrist  it hurts soooo bad 
says i think i sprained my wrist... ouch  http://plurk.com/p/x6vpl
Awww... my chest is peeling 
ive got a blister on the bottom of my second toe, and its wider than the toe. its gross. i hate blisters. 
Why am I awake right now.. And why is my left knee throbbing in pain... 
These pants hurt my knee bruise so bad. 
ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so sore, so tired, so lonely. i miss baby monster. i r 
who is winnin #facup ?! arghh must go upstairs and watch it, i gotta hop on 1 leg up the stairs  i hate bein injured! hope ankle heals!
layin down in pain from my sprained ankle 
well look like surgery for me  3 to 4 bulging disk in neck area a couple touching spinal cord...want it better though
@ddjango They're equally scarce in my neck of the woods too 
i hurt my knee real bad 
gack my wrist is killing me! why were doing self defense in karate, and the master twisted my wrist til it cracked 
some kid bashed my leg with a go kart, now its all swollen and purple  sore...
anyone within easy reach of me good at back rubs? between my shoulder blades is killing me 
sooo bored.my toe still hurts 
@kimkardasian lucky u who's wedding? I am stuck at home recovering from knee surgery 
hairline fracture on my ankle 
Ouch!!! My right knee just hit the table! I'm an accident prone 
bored out of my mind.i hate havin a torn meniscus.that means limits on EVERYTHIN!even dancin  maybe ill hang out with my 1 nd only biffle!
My jaw's aching 
I don't want to be working!! I need a knee brace bad 
typical as the pain in my foot begins to ebb my chest starts to hurt.... 
@Morrica I think I have bone bruises on one arm and one leg- not good for doing all of the balancing moves in yoga class 
got sun burnt again!  on my shoulder blades this time...
@actingblack it was supposed to be neck up..it was in the preview 
 sprained ankle pretty badly ughhh.
Is dying of a sore neck 
somehow sprained my ankle or something while sleeping. painful. arm is still very weak &amp; in lots of pain  from being smashed by boob. 
@robdeanhove hmmm, jealous. i have a sunburnt elbow 
@mscottbnl awesome! i want to work out, but not with a sprained ankle  *dawn*
no, just switched on to see britains got talent, didnt last long, the boyle may win, no need! leg sore!! 
@ben_gordon lol i'm still trying unsuccessfully to apply aftersun n i've just did myself an injury trying to get it on 
Recovering from my sprained ankle 
Having leg problems.. I think I pinched a nerve while I was sleeping 
@SeanLayton thats sick you got pit! I might not, I hurt my knee which was injured previously. It will take 2 months to fully heal. 
ouch I've burnt my thumb 
I got a horrible, huge blood blister on my heel a couple weeks ago, now it's callused over. I guess it'll be there forever. 
I have a torn something in my knee 
I've hurt my leg. 
i nwish i did not hurt my leg 
Possibly broke my toe 
@lamere thats too bad  mine is out of work right now with achilles tendon injury so I've been spoiling him, now its my turn #mmwanted
got a blister from painting the fence 
http://twitpic.com/6atd2 - new cut on my neck? unsure of origin 
@stringcheez my pointe shoe cracked in half and I fell on my knee 
My leg huuuuurts.. I can barely walk 
wow. massive bruise on my leg  doing english, maths, eco, bio.
doing the stanky leg all by myself 
my leg is fucking killing me  I wish my panda was here to take care of me
I love lebron, but cleveland is getting toe up. 
Owwwww I have a crick in my neck! 
I just killed my toe. 
ommmgg my shoulder is killing me!!! wow it hurts soo much 
Just stubbed my toe really bad 
ow my arm really hurts  i can barely txt 
My ankle 
ahhh, my shoulder 
ouchy i ran 21km today and now my knee hurt 
My knee is killing me wish I never had the surgery 
I stubbed my toe.  it hurtsss.
my arm is bleeding! 
I just hit my elbow really hard! 
I wish I had a longer neck. 
We won 2-1 (2 goals from yours truly) but I pulled my calf muscle badly - ouch that's an old man's injury 
just got bak home from livo. watched adventureland....it was pretty awesome my neck itches 
i just saw @justine_elise's nipples. then she groped my left breast. i feel so violated  ...or do i?
nvm god...make it rain.    i need a shoulder...
i do not enjoy how sore my shoulder is, it's stinging like a bitch. why did i only burn on one side 
@saragarth Fiine juust got a sore finger coz i nearly chopped it of yesturday!  lol
has hurt her neck  either on the trampoline or in bed !
i have a wii injury 
@gavtheskav fuck knows, happened while I was asleep, am completely crippled, like I have a knife in the back of my knee 
Still recovering from my second broken ankle 
@robertbasic plus i'll have surgery on my other knee probably in july...and then again cast and recovery.  my summer is blocked 
@mynameissasha wiping plate-plate slip-plate broke-tercut hand-deep wound can c bone-heavy flow of blood-off to doctor for stitches now 
I've been bitten on my elbow (not it an good way) and the bite is now a raised weeping blister 
damn my knee still hurts ! whyyyyy ? and why does radhi not replying my messages ? 
Just woke up . Gettinq ready for Throggs neck try _ outs with anettys . Not feelinq too well 
successfully completed the 10K marathon! now with a possible ligament tear on my left foot 
@cincincintya ahh burn my thumb  painful
@heycassadee aww, that bruise on your leg must have hurt.  it shall heal pretty soon.
Indoors - Sadly. Managed a run earlier, right calf cramped 
ugh , i just burned my arm on the iron 
My thumb is still swollen. 
Lovely afternoon in the 'diff, shame can't play golf due to hand injury 
has heat rash on my chest and neck and it's killing me, how can one feel so awful on a glorious day like this!!!!  x
I think my left ankle is messed up 
It feels like i popped my shoulder out of its socket  this sucks.
has a sunburnt knee !!! 
burned my shoulder with a curling iron 
*sniff sniff* can get on pillion seat, knee bends enough to reach foot pegs but leg isn't strong enough to cope with any leaning 
@shellsibubs i remember the time i said i preferred shaving to waxing. then i went to shave, and i cut off a chunk of my ankle skin 
It's so sad that my shoes don't fit because my ankle is swollen 
...I think I just broke my toe...with a frozen pizza 
i feel down the stairs and hurt my ankle 
Just in bed, my arm is sore from golf 
I'm suffering from biceps envy 
aw princess's leg is hurt 
@mozwold  When I broke my leg,they used my crutches to make a den over the stream, it collapsed and I had to hobble home sans crutches 
my knee is killing me! i did some run dives in front of a high speed hd camera. looks great, but i feel major discomfort now.  owwwww
I burned my thumb... It hurts real badddddddd 
fml and my toe 
I think my toe really is broken 
cuttin' this football field of a yard..... my front yard.... and my neck is feelin' the main preportion of this heat..... poor neck... 
my shoulder is sooo sore  x
that's just great. I think i broke my pinky toe...how do I manage to do this to myself? 
my arm is really burning now 
I am resting toe, no more pedicures for me. 
I think I broke the leg of a frog mowing the lawn and I feel absolutely horrible. I'm just glad I didn't kill it. 
my knee still hurts 
i have nine bug bites on my left leg. it makes me sad 
hit her elbow really hard last night - still hurts and tingles 
got a huge gash on my toe from the escalator 
Villipoto is out for the rest of the season, knee injury (thorn meniscus I believe)...sucks... 
at briannas party.I seriously think I like broke my ankle  haha
i wish i had a healed ACL 
bruise on my chest from being elbowed, ouch 
@ThisStarChild perhaps a little  honestly I really will have to sit on an icepack before I try and sleep...
just finished a light workout session my shoulder still botherin me 
i hurt my elbow on the meadows 
Getting dress to go to church. I'm a little disapointed becuase i can't wear heals. I got my left foot a little hurt. 
Wearing the wrist brace all day, once more... wrist is acting up again 
sooo sleepy.my arm still hurts too 
- a fly just landed on my toe and i almost had a nervous breakdown 
My elbow still hurts 
i hurt my ankle! i think i broke it hmmm... but then again, i'm not a doctor. I can barely move it 
@JeepGirlYJ94 I broke my arm 
my ankle messed up again 
i found a horse leg in our yard!  neighbor put it there! i was really mad at them
mums out, cleaning so i can get my sway sway tour ticket ;), sore neck &amp; feeling sick 
yayy that ugly scrape on my elbow cleared pretty fast.. but left a mark. 
@RaceSpeed just wanting to keep my ankle from getting too bad - current shoes are hurting my ankle 
@klovine I injured my knee  I'm pretty sure tis twisted bad cuz its swollen.
i'm back on twitter.. over the weekend? hmm.. looked for a new place, got my left toe thumb dead.. ouch!! it still hurts right now..  
My wrist is killing me! 
@sweetnsexykitty he got hurt pretty badly on a shoulder while outside, probably from a tree branch, he likes climbing a lil too much 
i have stiff neck. 
@lexyATL lol. niicee. my knee itches and stings. 
Wonders why the ankle won't hurt 
@deabush ouchie - hamstring usually happens when your quad is too strong.. or your hamstring too weak 
I'm a red neck 
@soopertrev LOL! I need a real one tho, an imaginary neck and shoulder rub from @scrowder isn't going to work, unfortunately. 
Missed one shoulder with sunscreen so have a nice burn going on 
My toe is purple :O and it hurts 
@thisisshane it's like having a limb cut-off 
sprained right ankle while I played softball 
I'm so sick!!!!!!!!! my neck is sore!!!!!!!!! 
owww my arm 
@dougiemcfly are you getting your tattoo on your arm extended ?? 
yay for neck and shoulder pain. 
Just noticed a giant bruise on my arm from when my aunt slammed a window on it  owww.
neck and back pain still from the presets! not a fan 
with a broken leg 
I've burnt all my forehead and its sore!  What would help soothe it?
@SubtleBlade I had to strain my neck to see the window and bus 
Off to work with an awful neck condition 
@suzieseal me too. your arm  are you okay? xxxx
My arm is aching 
@nickcroken My climbing will be pretty much on hold for the next few weeks while my shoulder heals. What I get for not listening to it. 
my arm is dead from being jabbed ad i dont want to coach tonight fot that means trying to lift children with a sore arm 
I pinched a nerve between my shoulder blades, on the lower back of my neck!  hurts but its more annpoying that painful.  needs massage!
I think I broke my toe. 
@sebsharp My wrist has had no action for awhile  #toomuchinformation
I broke my little toe ... again.  
Ughhh my ankle is killin me and i dunno why 
I'm really not pissed. Just sick and sore, i'm sorry. 
@cmckelvey in my right arm... forearm to be specific! tried some anadin already did no good! 
went out again todaii - very nice and this time i had suncream on!! but the blister has got bigger on my foot! 
Should have stayed in bed...just stubbed my big toe 
@juiceegapeach ugh me 2!!! omg! i jumped so hard just now i hit my elbow on my dresser 
 My shoulder's acting up.
broke my  breast bone and done something to my thumb 
i think i may have possibly sprained my knee again 
@hannnnnaaahh ive gotta go to work after it  everyone will hit it :\  i always bruise of needles an me arm goes dead :\ haha
nursing a leg injury from last week's game 
My jaw is hurting right now. Ouch! 
yay for surgery on my hip 
I don't think the huge bruise on my knee will be going away anytime soon; I keep banging it and making it worse.  So sore.
My neck and shoulder kills! It just started hurting when I got home and now I can't move it at all, it hurts 
my wrist...is fucked 
@jessh1211 aw man that sucks.  my daughter has to use one of those. the albuterol for it costs an arm and a leg
finally making that doctor apt. for my knee... 
@loopmovie  Need a shoulder?
@NimbleRunner The more the merrier...This injury isn't shifting though 
My neck is killing me must of slept in a bad postion 
I think my toe's broken. 
ugh i have some sore neck and i dunno why 
i was standing on a chair... jumped off... and smacked my knee on the computer table  now my knees throbbing 
I think one of my stitches are loose. 
My ankle is killin' me. I hope it's not broken. No swelling, can move it in all directions, but hurts! Methinks I won't be ridin' today 
knee recovery is so slow....only at 125 degrees flexion  can i pass 130 by wed?!
I've got a crook in my neck and I don't Like it! It hurts me  http://myloc.me/2iJu
The knee is not looking good 
@sandyberman killing me I'll be stuck here and not at #iod2009 knee op, and knees not in a fit state to attend, just cancelled my flights 
i have to get a cast for my ankle on thursday! 
I cut my toe 
at the doctor, getting checked for my knee 
I think something is wrong with my ankle  I'm hobbling aroun the hospital..I look like a dummy lol
i just stubbed my toe.. ouch 
My jaw is sore.  
Just jumped off her running machine, landed on her shoe, sprained her ankle... and is now laying on the sofa with her leg in the air! 
I think I twisted my ankle 
about to get a deep tissue massage for my hamstring... I'm scared... 
i still have a massive sore bruise from walking into a door last week - owwies 
i still have a massive sore bruise on my arm from walking into a door last week - owwies 
@puina aw, i hope your knee feels better. 
hurt her finger somehow   I've never seen a bruise there...I wonder what I did.
down my leg 
i'm bored, and my sunburnt shoulder is getting sorer 
icing my ankle 
@camventuras lame because she dropped her slr on her toe 
So i have this huge gash on my leg from last night and i dont know how it happened   lol
put medicine on my ankle and it hurtssss 
@worldlyjohn yeah saw it!! Makes me sad that my ankle is all busted 
went to the circus and scraped my knee    it hurtss  :'(
@imkrissy He's cute..too bad he only comes up to my kneecap. 
Fml i totally just tripped going up the stairs and landed on my knee 
thought neck was getting better but no its still the same 
@twilightgirl40m I'm sorry you skinned your knee 
My wrist is really starting to hurt 
o no i brok my txting thumb! 
@JizBSB but when you have a stiff neck, it was not a very good idea! haha my neck is killing me again! 
i cut my leg.... 
I am not going to bother its getting old.  You gave me the shoulder and its far too cold. 
@gingeriswriting I just laughed when I read about your double injury..I'm not very nice 
@AlexAllTimeLow but but butt i love my knee-caps  there beautiful D:
@pipsterpbn I'm working in my full. I had it perfectly but I tore a ligament in my ankle and was out for a while so I lost it 
My chest, back, and sides/upper ribs hurt  I should wear a sports bra at all times!
@LMFAOitsBAY ah funnn! Uhmmm nothin really. just gonna ice my knee 
Curses! I hurt my knee again 
god..stubbed my toe on the leg of the sofa...is hugely swollen and throbbing  
I have a kink in my neck  I think that's what it's called.
How to sprain one's ankle while walking your kelpie. I have full instructions 
i just dropped a butter knife on my toe 
@JasmineMcGregor But my leg is numb  I'm freaking out...
@JasmineMcGregor I'm going to try and go soon. I just don't want diabetes with needles or to loose a leg   
I managed to shut my big toe in the drying rack yesterday, and it's swelling. I fear I may have injured some very small bones 
sprained my neck  had physio today
The toaster tried to kill me.  I have a really terrible burn on my wrist now.  
So sore from softball. 2 line-drives right into my wrist. The pain of being the pitcher 
#900 on deck Mufuckassssss.. why i saw a cute chick today but she had ashy toes and corns on her pinky toe.Fuckeddd it up smh 
@starmo9 so u were in my neck of the woods nd didn't stop by? 
@kelownagurl I saw the doctor at the finish line. He said it was just a stressed ligament &amp; to rest it. I still can't put weight on it. 
I think I have a paper cut on my toe! 
Washed it off, but my shoulder still stinks 
F! i hit my elbow on the frig handle now my whole arm aches so bad 
my dog hurt its leg while playing.. its yelping so bad, i need to take it to the vet. i just hope its not a fracture! 
How bad do I feel he really broke his arm 
I hurt my toe... 
Tired with a sprained ankle doing assessments 
tore some ligerments in my foot and ankle lastnight so sore 
i have chiped a bone in my toe from begining to end   and it hurts like a donkeys buttt ....
How long does a sprained knee take to heal? 
massive bruise on my hip.. ate it so hard today 
is really frustrated with her knee brace. come on july 9 already. 
got a new phone and it cost me an arm and a leg. 
@tattiong i hurt my knee. can't gym at all 
My pinky toe has went black and curled under the rest of my toes. I fear he's dead 
There is a lump on my left wrist. 
has got 20 stitches 
this ace bandage makes my foot look really fat :/  [[pottertopia]]
U'gh, having an allergic reaction to the plaster that was given to me for my cut foot.  How to make an injury even worse.  #SArmy
Just kicked by toe I am in so much pain my foot was cold to  made the pain so much worser 
may brave the outdoors. I do fear for my sore neck 
I've acquired a huge blister on the back of my heel  I think I have one on the other one as well, but that one's not too bad.
@warrenellis How did you get that leg misshap? 
Off to camp again...sore sore sore 
my arm is paining 
Because my leg was starting to swell too.....   
broke down and called a chiropractor.  Lets hope she can fix my neck 
I just burnt my arm 
My blackberry has a hairline fracture in the screen 
visiting the chiropractor for my shoulder 
my thigh is sooo hurt 
Is resting my broken knee and sad to say the triathlon will go on withour me. 
@rubberboi I ripped a suit playing with @korbz once  Any knee pads will be better than that!
waiting in the airport...foot and ankle still gimpy 
thumb stuttering again 
of course, my new holding the sock needle style may give me repetitive strain injury, but hey.  Sadly no magic wallet though 
i sprain my thumb and it hurts 
i sprained my thumb and it hurts 
my arm really kills ad cervical cancer jab 2 day my arm feels dead and cnt lift it x 
badminton tonight. I hope my ankle won't act up 
My arm and wrist hurts 
My sunburnt shoulder seems to be getting sorer 
My Arm, leg, back and stomach burns just went tan...my forehead burn however, is red and sore and now I have a headache 
If only I wasn't going to be in school M-F 8-4 everyday next term, I'd plan it for our birthdays instead of celebrating at ACL! 
ice pack on my shoulder. in just keeps feeling worse 
either broke my ankle or sprained it badly 
Just did 1.5 miles and my shin is killing me!!! 
Ugh my neck is absolutely killing me 
@megeden sorry! my ankle is hurting too 
may have a fractured toe 
my leg is blooding, its interesting, buut still hurting 
my ankle really hurts  stupid walking/running
back from school. I fell down 3 flights of stairs today... you could see the tissue in my leg. im sore all over  lucky no broken bones.
I got a massive shoulder cramp trying to take off my jacket 
tail bone still hurts 
sidelined with a hip injury 
i feel like i just had an injection on my left arm. especially somewhere around the joint area. 
@craigyd I am so sorry, I didn't twist it that badly  I've got a nice bruise coming up on my foot if that's any consolation...
twisted her ankle!!! and can't walk!!! but i still want 2 run!!! 
has an aching jaw.  http://plurk.com/p/y2t2x
6 days, and I almost pulled the bandage, right off the top of my stitches too. I hate my dorky surgery t shirt.   
My ankle is burning from the pain that's still lingering afte I slid on the beautifully varnished wood floor really really fast.. ouch 
Couldn't sleep well due to sore knee 
I woke up with a really stiff neck 
Morning tweets... Off to the gym, hurt my leg sleeping 
has had the stitches out ...   still itches abit 
tired tired tired .... and sore neck 
nadia bit me on the arm 
I think I may take a break for a while and go on the sofa with my swollen leg and knee  I want to work but that's impossible today!
says my shoulder still hurts  http://plurk.com/p/y4732
@LittleYellowJen  give me a blues jersey, i won't last long with broken leg, but long enough to kick slater in the balls
@yarrachamp I would get far in the tacklehug, my hip is that sore I'd collapse before I reach @nimbusrogue 
my right Achilles hurts a bit today.... not enough of a stretch i'll bet 
i had a car accident on sat.  very sore and stiff neck and shoulders  
is looking for a good orthopedist...my shoulder is a mess--i want to go for a run, but i can't 
I have a sore froat    but I will live ;-)
I messed up my left pinky toe. 
yummy breakfast. my leg is so bad, the burn looks like an infected cut 
i slept on my shoulder wrong  ouch.
is damn sore after sunbatheing to long 
my knee is screwed. big swollen and sore 
My right leg won't bend. I look like I have a peg leg 
i'm at work ... body aching after climbing a mountain for the 1st time on monday...as a result i have a sore ass, sore knee 
I have a giant bruise on my wenis 
my shoulder is done.. i think i need to retire 
I think I twisted my ankle 
need new training shoes. Those old shoes just make my ankle worse 
Really feels she busted her knee. . . . .i really hope i didn't   
off to work with a hurt shoulder 
I just fell and hurt a rib and scrapped my knee  I'm sooo clumsy!
@Petunija I am fine . . . my toe is otherwise.  Mostly okay though, just a little sore from the sidewalk pulling off a toenail.  
Owwww, my neck 
So no bone fracture, thank god! But a pulled tendon 
workie workie! getting worried about my leg.. starting to get worse 
Woot I'm fully weight bearing on the leg, but apparently its forgotten how to walk 
hurt my toe :'( anddddd my forehead is peeling bad tyms  lol x
@BobTheSkutter I had a similar problem with wii fit, tried doing the yoga and tore my hamstring 
OUCH ! i just banged my elbow  x
4 more shots in shoulder  
Oh and I forgot to add to my last twitt jaw-surgery-person!!! 
In other words I have to get jaw surgery 
i slept on my shoulder wrong  ouch.
My ankle is so stiff, I can barely walk. 
i have a sore arm 
@BrianJacobSmith  on the crossfit causing injury. http://tinyurl.com/lbc7fq
@lukesterluke , I can't! My toe is f'd up, can't wear shoesss 
I hurt my hip. 
In the doctor's chair having some minor toe surgery.  3 more PAINFULL shots.  
Doesn't like it when my chain slips while pedaling as hard as I can, resulting in an ouchy on my leg 
On top of my surgery, I have a fat ulcer on my lip 
My thumb still hurts 
My jaw and ear still hurt 
i think i broke my toe 
dropped a drawer on my toe and now my toe is black   aaaahhhh my foot hurts so bad.
My little sister collar bone is broken 
Pretty sure i just broke my pinky   ouch
It had a broken leg &amp; had to be put down! 
my neck still hurts 
I have the nastiest bruise on my arm. It hurts 
@Chicobrenes I'd be there myself if I didn't have a busted ankle   1 more hopefully...
just had 230 volts up my arm it wasnt fun 
my toe needs amputated 
sprained ankle ouchiessss 
@brentmartell I'm actually a little scared now, too. I hear he's coming to my neck of the woods soon, so he'll probably hunt me down. 
Icing my knee because it started to swell when I stopped walking and it hurts. ??? Also, seriously do not feel like being alone tonight. 
ah, sliced my thumb open 
i hurt my knee 
the bones in my neck area are slowly falling apart.  
My wrist still hurts 
My knee killssss  fml
Man my leg is killing me!! I had a cramp in my leg during the night and now I can barely walk on it! 
i feel like i was punched in the arm 
Feels like my thumb is giving birth 
I hyper-extended my knee 
my knee hurt 
@lisagoo lmao they're creepy  i've gotten so many injuries trying to get away from them like that haha
@bcosby is ryan bothering you again? i'm sorry. 
What can I do for sore ribs? There's a knot in my ribcage muscles. 
dad has broken wrist, collar bone and ribs, needs surgery 
Lol my shoulder strap broke.  fuccccck
Thinks the pain in her shoulder is telling her carrying about 7kgs of shopping on each arm and walking home was a bad idea 
Fucking hell my leg itches so much 
@HarlemDon ughhh I'm hungry like ribs touchin 
Eating left over pizza from last night, awesome! and wish this pain in my neck would leave  stiff neck ftl.
I got a guitar hero blister on my thumb...ouchee! 
Methinks I just bashed my shoulder over training. What to do now? 
@bone433 I can't get over all the cosmetic surgery. He is just a carnival. The bodyguards are so lovely---poor things. 
My ankle  I should of wore my ace bandage.
Is getting ready for working, and nursing her poorly toe 
oh damn. i sprained my ankle in my sleeep?! i can't walk. 
hopes her toe will fall off, it's so painful 
 hurt my foot whilst doin exercise.... I got cramp and now it hurts if it has too much pressure on it...
Wow my ankle seriously hurts so bad I can't even walk on it  yee-ouch!!
tore ligament in knee, hurts like crazy 
my thumb is on fire 
i dont want to show my toes when wearing prom shoes, but i cant find any that have a closed toe 
has hurt her ankle, and doesn't know how 
memorizing the lower limb 
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk whacked my little toe on the arch way eeeep! im so much pain 
i have a really stiff neck 
have hurt my shoulder and neck, on one side can only turn my head one way!!!    x
got a bad case of stiff neck 
Restless leg syndrome is painful and annoying! 
What is up with my elbow! It hurts. 
duuuude in some scabbby motel so randome. djnsdhjksjs worst pulled muscle in my leg not cool 
ahhh... I fell land hurt my leg.... One fingerr really hurts 
Wow woke up to a swollen toe and found a spider bite 
Oh dear, very accident prone today, list of injuries: ouchy razor cut on leg, randomly sore + bleeding lip, broken nail &amp; a grated thumb 
@QCapista i was suppose to but doctor told me not to do that much with my knee 
I have injured my shoulder and a knee ligament and have a swollen ankle. It's not good for my football 
burned her neck with her straightener 
home iv hurt my arm  i have a bandage on but i keep taking it off to loook at my cut and getting done now it looks funny
@daynise I'm jealous! I still can't get in a pool or hot tub because of the stitches in my knee. 
owwwww why does my leg still hurt  i hate havin really bad cramp
My toe looks disgusting and bloody. I have cramps. I can't go home until who knows when. Asdsjk. 
When to grab my laptop it was falling and now iv got a sore arm  FAIL
Has a really sore calf 
http://twitpic.com/6r3z3 - bruise on my arm  ryan popped a blood vessel on my arm yesterday
My neck is sore 
@raymondsiu nah....it was while leaning against my leg while I was sitting on a barstool on the computer.  no pic.  
the bruising on the ankle is still looking awful, tripping down stairs isnt any fun 
what is wrong with my right leg, why do I have 3 injuries on it currently 
hmmm i have a big bruise on my knee and by the feel of it on my ass cheek. i fell 
I think I pulled a muscle in my ankle, great more ice 
My arm is sore from bow-ing!  How can you be a merry man with a big bruise 
my neck is killing me 
i stubbed my toe playing kickball and scraped  a bunch of skin off and now it is bleeding all over         . . . owwww 
walking around with a messed up knee. suckie 
So I found out yesterday from the doctor I need ankle surgery  fragment broke lose and they have to remove it and drill holes into bone
I think i pulled a muscle on my neck 
My thumb's still swollen 
sumthn has bit ma leg... and possibly ma foot... itchy... 
@mrscrob No seriously - i have a shot knee that would fail the physical... 
I'm hating I fitness and salads right now. Why can't I find overhead dumbbell press/shoulder press? I'm prolly just dumb 
@hip_hip_jorge I miss the 90s braves 
@itsryry don't tattoo your neck!!! 
@frannington Yikes.  I hope the physio works and it gets better soon!
still with that rusty @emmaaaa_xo :p &amp; i burnteded my arm  it hurts..
@vanessawhite I hope your ankle is better soon  xxx
It's a good thing I can touch my toes. I can barely bend my leg to put a sock and shoe on my left foot.  
My kneecap is bruised. It looks like a half-finished giant gobstopper....Sheeeeiiiiiiit 
my leg is asleep 
I think I have a cold sore or a heat blister on my lip, its sore 
there is a heat blister or a cold sore on my lip; its sore 
ahhh snap . accidently broke my leg  (litterally &quot;snap&quot;!)
I have a mostquito bite on my leg 
I wish my wrist would quit swelling up. 
kjfaskljfds my knee elbow &amp; wrist still sting. @jmarieallado .. i hate ju. 
I broke my left arm again! on the diving board...   It hurts so bad...
I've broken my pinky toe. it's a sad day 
ahhhhh i cut my thumb 
@paycheee haha cankle it is.  doc said no fracture, just severe high ankle sprain.  im in an aircast and on crutches for 2-3 weeks.
Burns to my leg are not much better 
My ankle &amp; foot are swollen. I had to take 1000ml if ibuprofen 
I hurt my neck 
was admiring the physique of a female jogger earlier and when my cab passed her side, i turned to look at her and she gave me the finger 
I am sooooooooo Tired and sore 
 my ankle is sore.
@iceburghNHL leans on your shoulder and cries 
My neck and shoulder hurt 
is in pain...it's shootin through my knee and foot again...i hate this. 
ankle huurtss 
I miss track.  i hope I don't have to get knee surgery @CamdenLuv
I think i killed my big toe. 
http://twitpic.com/6stde - Thats my ankle 
Hot cast iron skillet + thumb = agony. 
ankle still hurts 
My joker lost another leg 
My knee is throbbing... 
burned my thumb 
@sportsmasseuse lol... I think I hurt my ankle. Ahhh man  don't tell ok?
@angie1234p It's not his claws that are the problem (he's quite good with those).. his weight is pulling on the stitches in my shoulder. 
still struggling to recover from my surgury 
@yanadude19 yana why did you fall down the stairs?  did you go to the hospital cause of the broken ankle?  I am sooo worried :S
I am so tired and I think I pulled a neck muscle  it hurts!!! 
has a really bad toe cramp..   poor big toey..
twisted my ankle 
OUCH!!! just split my knee open 
@grshane they make some cross trainers&amp; I think some neutral running shoes in lime green, but I need stability ones because of my knee 
My chest still hurts 
I think i broke my toe by tripping 
so apparently i kinda messed up my knee- the bruise is getting bigger &amp; the scrape hurts more 
worst cramp ever in my hip. 
Ugh can't cuddle with hurting arm 
owww. my knee 
There was a scavenger hunt and i lost!.... And i scraped my knee at debut practice  and its puffy bruised.
 upon further inspection, not only do I have a sunburned bright red neck, I also have ridiculous sunburned streaks going down each arm.
Turning in early.. Long day of bbqing and playing football. As a result, a fat ankle, sore back, sore feet, and 4 bruises. Waaaaaa 
...would rather be missing a limb 
Blahh! I made my leg worse 
My stupid knee... 
I feel like there's a growing tumor in  my knee after a mosquito bit me 
why is when it's cold out my knee aches? I hate the cold for that alone. And my legs hurt from last night... grrrrr 
has recently survived another nosebleed attack. :| it sucks to have an injury inside the nose. 
@Mechasa ah nice, will have to see what the main differences area, and if they want an arm and a leg or just your genitals! 
I've cricked my neck! 
my wrist is sprained  
I gots the pins and needles. And developing premature arthritis on my left knee  ??
My horsey fucked up his wee leg 
got these scratches on my leg that looks like freddie krueger got me in my sleep and i dont know where theyre from... 
Keeping fingers crossed uncle in hospital gets through surgery on broken hip okay 
My shoulder is burnt to all hell  ouch
HORRENDOUS. My heart is still in my pinky toe. 
off to the batting cages with a soar shoulder 
yikes, dislocated my toe 
Mannn I was hoping my ankle wouldn't hurt anymore when I woke up. 
Driving home with a swollen ankle 
All at once my arm and knee ache. Storm's a'comin. There goes biking 
camp was extremely fun. i got about 1121839283 mosquito bites though. and a hurt knee 
So i woke up this mornin with a big bump on my wrist and it hurts so bad..i dnt know how i got it 
@heycollin I fell and the carpet rubbed all of the skin off of my knee. 
i think i have glass in my thumb 
Ive just really badly kicked my toe of my bed  it's probably staved now.
ohhh   my estomago!  sore sore sore ( i think i love repertition!)
slept wrong and pinched a nerve in my shoulder so now it hurts like hell to move my left arm 
Oh no for a blister on my thumb from the bike handle during spinning   didn't even notice
i have a hairline fracture in my toe 
omg! I have the biggest bruise on my shoulder from my bookbag! it hurts.  how can I make it better?
Oh dear leg stump as well 
@ClaireEm86 Haha...I did some weird yoga position and now my leg muscle has gone all funny and I have a limp 
I just fell off a stage and broke my ankle 
I just fell off a stage and broke my ankle : I just fell off a stage and broke my ankle 
i have strained my leg it hurts soo bad 
ooh that calf makes me mad!! got my legs all scratched up walking through a field  ouchie
homeeeeee. so sore  i guess im going to start hmwk now...
I just ruined my favorite v-neck in the wash 
5 mosquitobites on mt right arm  itches like crazy
@james_gunn yeah. You just tape it to your other toes. I broke my baby toe twice. Only solution is taping. 
I have a booboo on my knee 
UGH! i just hit my baby pinky toe on the chair leg! damn i feel like crying it hurts like heck! 
ow, the laptops diggin into my leg 
my leg fucking hurrrrrts so baaaaad 
footy tournament ruined by an injury 
i sprained ma ankle real bad! now i gotta wear an ankle imobilizer and crutches!! 
@mellow_knee i don't know 
@rhonnie_mcfly you want me to kick her in the shin 
fractured foot, leg in plaster ..... not much fun sitting around 
back from er... on crutches... hurt my ankle really bad. in lots of pain 
i was a bit premature re the neck. i feel like one of those people whose neck is fused to their sholders. i haven't look left in hours 
@RobsTwitta i did hurt my knee actually! torn mcl  but i was only defrosting a few soy beans at a time...my knee was in the sun in the car
wtfuckkk i just sliced my toe open. Wtfuck oww. 
I have killed my ankle, to the maxxx. It even hurts now, and I'm lying down?! 
has a sore arm &amp; can't sleep 
Car accident...smh nothing serious just sprain my pinky 
has a rather sore hip 
My knee is killing me 
@DaleBuchanan so's my abdomen 
hurt my shoulder  but I love muscle relaxers!
my achy breaky toe 
@Powling look who's on twitter! I'll most likely be on it a ton...seeing as I can't do anything else with this leg/hand injury. 
@som1fromsomtime when you put it like that, what a heel I am! 
has a skinned knee because someone thought it would be a good idea to grab my leg during a high kick 
The leg strain still hurts. I missed my movements. 
@audreyellen my wrist is rebelling against me in a sore war. 
extremely bad rug burn on my knee from falling at the movies. i cant bend my leg  but ooh man you should have seen me fall! fckn hilarious
My finger is all bubbly it has bubbles on top of bubbles  so not seexy lol my knee on the other hand with the purple bruise.... Seexy ;)
my neck still hurts, this is ridiculous 
I just got bak from jet sking it was awsome!! But i almost broke my thumb! 
@darasheed While you were crying on my shoulder, I was crying on yours too..   ~sigh~
I hurt my leg.  I'm immoble, it's depressing
going to bed now...i pulled a muscle and my arm is hurting 
@grshane -- what is wrong with your shoulder? If rotator cuff, a deep tissue sports therapist can do A LOT to help before the doc...  
fell down the stairs and have a huge bruise on my butt 
Arm in a sling &amp; throbbing 
chuck just peed on my leg/bed  hello couch
oooooooooh my my neck is aching now 
My ankle hurts. I guess i hurt it during the debut? 
i wish this left arm of mine was detachable!  its hurting real bad
ugh. pain. either i'm getting carpel tunnel in my right wrist or i have bit of tendonitis.  yikes. maybe i should start using a mouse
trying my best to fall asleep!leg and arm are aching  feeling abit ill 
im so upset! i have Achilles tendonitis!! i'm going to have to do the walk with a bootie 
accidentally cut the tip of her thumb 
@midgetmum @MadamSalami thanks, took a chunk of skin off the side of my foot and grazed my knee 
my neck is hurting so badly 
is tierd and has a sore thumb 
trying not to get worried that my strained ankle is now numb 
sitting on my couch with an ice pad on my knee... i feel like crying 
Has a big iron burn an her arm that looks like its going to scar 
@ddlovato If i makes you feel any better, I think i sprained my toe... 
crap i have a huge blue mark on my leg. internal bleeding. i hate epilating 
I've well and truely fucked my wrist up 
I think I broke a toe. 
There is like this shooting pain in my left arm  it hurts!
:O the wrist strap on my phone broke  ffs!
Ive got bitten by some bug. it hurts. its on my knee. 
My ankle 
i hate new pillows! they make my neck hurt 
apparently, i got a cramp on my right calf muscle while i was sleeping. ouch. 
@peluski17 we've been lazy. but u really need to get that ankle checked out. makes me sad 
my shoulder is so painful 
@cascio from what I read, comments were mostly insane and knee-jerk denials 
ugh. i despise my joints. they hurt so fucking much, and my shoulder keeps cracking. 
I've got a bruise on the middle-back of my left thigh.  I have no idea how I got it, but it makes sitting on hard chairs hurt. 
shin splints suck! 
I am not thrilled about the kink in my shoulder and neck.....not making for a pleasant morning  Hopefully the advil will help....
@GCahill glad to hear it! so sorry i missed it all  happy recovering
@hip_hip_jorge no didn't make it to the gym  stressful paperwork waited for me at the office, agh!
dislocated collar bone and fractured humerus (left arm near shoulder) who said cycling to work was good for you.........me I think 
@Shangrl thanks shan. i hope that by later my neck / shoulder will feel better 
shoulder cramp 
Ugh made my ankle sprain worse. 
my calf muscle is cramping 
i have a bruise on my leg that is bigger than my fist and really painful and i have no idea how i got it 
going to get surgery on my broken ankle..... 
paranoid about my knee now.     Really afraid that i might need knee surgery or something.
Needed an ear to listen, a shoulder to lean on, and maybe some simple advice wouldve been great. But it is what it is...  
I have a kinked neck  it really hurts!!
I broked my finger playing cabbage ball yesterday  I think I need a new kitten to help me feel better!
F***! I twisted my ankle again...the ankle with the torn ligament! It hurts so f****** bad 
everyone else gets cool sports injury stories.  i twist my knee playing with our wiener dogs 
all this sitting!  it's hurting my tailbone 
what is up with my hip 
I have a feeling pooja updates this a little to much... and i have a huge bruise on my knee 
I don't feel well.  And my ribs still hurt....
I think I sprained my ankle 
in sooooo much pain-my toe nail ripped off 
my fuckin shoulder 
Just found out mother-in-laws muscle pull in her back is really a compression fracture 
One less thing to carry...I think I'm allergic to the neck pillow. 
my neck has gone hard 
My neck really hurts! 
omg hi ive sprained my ankle  i didnt see a step and now i went over on my ankle and it hurts 
I sprained my fuckin ankle!!! 
@MissKitty1923 He probably will bite my other elbow. 
@julianna12369 i had an ingrown toenail and i got it out and it got infected my toe is all red and infected its never happened 
[I'm not really on a boat....and I took my arm outta my sling...  ]
is fed up of having a stupid non-working ankle. 
I think my knee injury has been underdiagnosed. I swear I have a meniscus issue too 
@missjeffreestar i'm sorry about your arm  i hope it gets better! how did it happen?
sitting here with my leg propted up...i hurt my knee 
stoked to be a drummer with a bum arm.... makes for really boring nights 
i have to get 20 thousand dollar surgery on my jaw!  wtf...
My mommy burnt me with really hit grease on my wrist!! 
My mommy burnt me with really hot grease in my wrist!! 
My mommy burnt me with really hot grease on my wrist! 
Just noticed the gross blister on my middle toe..... 
@makencheezie pretty sure i couldn't ever ravishh him because i'd faint before i got my straight leg jeans off 
Something keeps biting me I got bite marks goin down my thigh 
layin in bed on meds nursin my possibly torn ligaments in my knee .....career over??? 
my dog broke a ligament playing fetch and needs $1500 surgery 
just noticed that i ripped a hole in my favorite jeans  thankfully it's just in the knee...stupid work
@ndari I seriously don't know! skrg the pain has doubled. from the heel and from the ankle 
I have a cold sore  Fml
@_dang3r because my foot has been reconstructed and my calf muscles cut, working out is a no-no for a while. It's not my fault!!! 
@madz10 surgery for my left ear  they going to open it up. I'm scared
@claraharris hope your knee and ankle are feeling better! The next day usually is the worst 
So my jaw might be infected 
My entire left leg is asleep and I don't like it 
I injured my knee 
i sliced my lito toe 
my leg was itching so I scratched it. now my leg is bleeding everywhere, no wonder @edgars_sister thought I did meth 
I just got kicked in the toe 
 why whole freakin' left leg is damaged! , any cures? lol
ankle is bothering me..ick 
I cant sleep cause my neck still hurts 
wtf did i do to my neck 
offf to la physio for my stupid shoulder 
I nicked my leg while shaving.  
my arm just snap, crackled &amp; popped.  ouch!
my shoulder is hurting 
My ribs hurt 
oh noes my ankle is bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeding!!!! razor cut it all up 
showers are Not relaxing when u have a blister on ur foot 
I have a blood blister on my toe. 
has been leaning her face on her knee and now has an extremely stiff and sore right hand side of the jaw and cheek. 
i'm so distracted by my professor's camel toe right now  it's disgusting, yet slightly intriguing.
has a stiff neck. 
it's piano madness in the studio's. hard to play though with a neck that can't move 
hurt my arm. owie  http://tumblr.com/xud225z6c
I just realised I always put my jumper on right arm first, and tried it left arm first. It felt weird and unusual, and now I am crying 
@islesrebelangel   stretch your neck, too!
Just woke up with a tick in my leg.   I'm totally freaked out and now want to leave the hotel!
@andy_murray haha when you and rafa chat? what does he say? he is sooo shy!! I really hope his knee is better  !!
my ankle is still killing me  steps are dangerous!
kandy hurt he other leg now 
suffering from concussion 
I'm off my crutches finally, still got the brace though 
is on crutches 
you know you got bad poison ivy when your forearm is as big as your bicep 
driving to brawley with a fucked up tailbone 
my wrist is broken. I'm wearing a wicked hot blue splint. 
and my knee is killing me. &quot;/ doctors here i come. 
@bradgallaway well that's just flat out aggravating 
I would really appreciate it if one of @mcflymusic said hey to me since I've twisted my knee and can barely walk 
My neck/shoulder hurts, kids running around ... 
can't move my neck 
I pulled my hip muscle 
sitting down because i sprained my stupid ankle  it hurts very bad
http://twitpic.com/7k7pt - yeaaah, i had a lil accident.. my thumb fell off &amp; half my fingarr    i hav stitches up my fingerrs 2   :'( ...
I had a lovely lunch with the hubby and my newly adorned knee brace is really slowing me down. 
babe gave a bruise on my arm and its throbbingggg 
babe gave me a bruise on my arm and its throbbingggg 
@lillian_gash I've given up. 
My ankle hurts again and I have a swollen knee 
im hurt  i cant bend my arm either
pulled a muscle in my shoulder 
off to bed- i feel shocking, my neck hurt like hell   think ive got tonsilitis again..... so wrong *grumble* night casexuals *waves*
The good news is that I slowly nursed my Achilles back to health; the bad news is that I may have just broken my ankle. 
@jimpearsall how did you break your leg?  
, emma is here! and so is keely and kloee. ahh, spine surgery!? i think not! 
@CinnamonCloud my day was Bleugh  got a very stiff / sore leg  dunno what happened to it!!
@psychalgia something else.  and yeah, i'll get overtime, which i need BADLY, but it's going to suck, lol.  also: my neck/shoulder sucks.
headache, stomach ache, ankle ache  boo
Still nursing a sore knee.  I start physical therapy tomorrow... 
gah. my neck still hurts  i need to sleep some more.
I think I broke my toe 
On palliatives for an unknown heal, ankle and calf ache! 
missed a step on the overhead bridge  The embarrassment is more painful than my knee...
I dropped a pint glass on my ankle and it really hurts 
http://twitpic.com/7l3xy - missing this ball of fluff while he's at the vet with a cone around his neck! 
my bruise. it looks like i have 2 elbows.  http://tinyurl.com/lxdfoy
@squarespaceSTFU But, it's hip to be square. 
landed a double double off rings onto a resi mat.  shoulders are both in terrible pain!  still figuring out scheduling for surgery... 
On palliatives for an unknown heel, ankle and calf ache! 
ear-ache, back hurts &amp; pulled a muscle in my leg  so i'm chillin all night
is hoping the hot water bottle will make the neck/shoulder pain go away... it hurts not to be able to turn your head!  
just ran through a spider web while running up the stairs, freaked out, fell down, gashed my knee open and ripped my favorite jeans 
I messed up my knee..  
Just woke up, I think I hurt my neck 
So, just found out my dog might need (another) hip surgery. She's 14, not sure how well she'll be able to handle the stress 
chilllin with my broken leg 
@jonubian *gasp you were in my neck of the woods?!  brooklyn moon is always slow as molasses....
My leg still aches. Ouch 
I totally smashed the pad of my pinky in between my vault doors and now I have a blood blister and it hurts really badly. 
@PokerVixen I was really hoping to club him in the shin with one of the stilts, but alas.... 
growing leg pains!  but hey maybe im getting TALLLER!!!!!
this short-rib burrito is good but I feel sorry for the midget they had to pull the ribs off of 
This whole foot fracture thing is a total bummer...gotta hop around on crutches and wear a sexy velcro boot 
popped my knee accidentally now it hurts 
fell down and scraped my knee 
yay for tomorrow! boo for shin splints 
felt good walkin today. knee didnt hurt me thanks to the knee brace. going to bed. i have a lot of work tomorrow. 
injured knee 
@the_real_usher here is a shoulder to lean on 
@DenzelBurks it was beautimous, well wait no thats a lie. my neck/back/shoulder is effed up! 
i think i have a bruise on my arm, but i can't see it yet. it hurts. 
My baby toe on my right foot has turned into one ginormous blister.  
my jaw is still hurt 
should have done more today. kids are good. nikolas is bleeding into left knee again which means more factor and more physio 
really bad leg that hurt though 
my left ankle is busted from longboarding 
My wrist is hurting. I think I have carpal tunnel 
@toni_145 it does. Now I have three tiny red razor marks on my leg. I won't be able to sport skirts!  
My arm is caning from vaccinations 
bruised my big toe, i'm about to cry.. 
X-ray showed compression fracture of T11vertebra, kinda explains the discomfort I have had the last 5 weeks, so no mtb for a while 
well i appear to have developed a slightly bad knee, it occured just after it decided to leg the rest of my leg temporararily! ouch 
@LaChatNoir is the physio for ur ankle? 
Is lyin in bed wit my broken leg  missin my munky so much. I love u
Just woke up, need a shower and then go to see the doctor about my leg 
I've done my wrist a real injury at ju-jitsu last night  the pain is not good.
FINALLY HOME.. i'm so tired  and i have an apparently broken knee.. hello crutches for 2 weeks &amp; then i see if i need surgery :\
@maldenic The hobbling one. 
Off to the doctor's shortly to have my sore foot seen to  I haven't been able to wear high heels for 2 months and it's driving me mad!!!
Is having a stiff neck... 
my arm is getting worse 
@PembsDave A little bastard bruise, but it hurts!! 
I tripped on the metal chain outside church &amp; fell on the drain i hv a gash on my leg now and my hand has bloody stripes of flesh + skin 
Counting nightdrops ughhhh my knee is killing me 
is anyone know how to cure a bad big bruise on my calf in only 3 days ?? i actually need to wear my gown on sunday.. 
I feel bad for my cat, Kasperlina, she has somehow hurt her leg and now she's just laying there on her little mat, huhu, in pain.. 
I'm in pain  400lb leg press broke my back muscles 
How's this 4 little bit stupidity - 1 leg is 3cm larger than other at mid calf muscle due to swelling. I must have misbehaved today  
http://twitpic.com/7m7bl wrist support! 
Mosquitoes bit my leg again.  I'm itching all over!
has a very very very painful wrist. damn steroid injection 
Really hurt my left wrist in the night and it's still not getting any better 
I have shin splints from running so much  I love running, and now I have to stop?! Fml.
stupid flippin' crohns related arthritis, my fecking leg is killing me!!  
ultra sore!  blisster on my ankle really isnt cooperatin. :'(
hurt my knee  !
My shoulder is killing me 
Hey, I need a neck rub. Can u help me? 
@shanellelee THREE cracked ribs, never ever fun 
My hip still hurts from that shot 
Skittles needs a total hip replacement and is getting surgery next week.  he is hurting really bad
just got a stupid needle jamed into my arm 
coffee shop, physical therapy sesh on the knee, bike shop, knee surgeon late this afternoon.  totally awesome im sure.                
ive torn anuva ligiment in my ankle more skateboarding for ages 
@izzymercado slammed it against a bar stool on accident. right on the bone. ouch 
@ckawa they are cute shirts, but i can't wear baseball sleeve w/ splint on my arm 
is bored.. with an arm full of stitches  
is bored with stitches 
i fractured my wrist 
just been swimming my ankle is hurting 
is sad today  broke my shoulder and collarbone   
Six Flags was fun but I hurt my neck and my upper upper back.  Now we are getting ready to go out to eat some where.
@charleypearson i still have a bad chest!  but apart from my foot and chest i'm fabulous haha .... xx
i cant get to sleep with this itchy toe 
i just cracked my ankle 
@keitharichall keep us updated about the arm!! 
just got a tetnus booster on my left arm, ow, I'm in pain 
My son fell and got stitches in his knee.    He's going to be okay, though.
My knee is so bruised from falling flat on the floor from  my pryramid at cheer camp. 
Just got stitches! 
Ouch.  my neck. I need a neck rub.
Has a massive bruise on my leg 
@coralfish oh i shattered my shoulder during the seizures beyond repair 
I mees my knee-guh. 
I stubbed my toe (remember I did this a few weeks ago too), but this time it's my pinky toe &amp; it's now red &amp; swollen 
My knee is still hurting... I'm limping! 
had to drug poor trouty...one of the muscles in his head spasms and his jaw starts snapping shut...traqualizers are his only hope 
I hurted my toe 
hubby might be having shoulder surgery soon....   
Thinking about getting another tattoo , I want it on my rib cage , but I heard that hurts more than the foot 
I scraped my toe on the bottom of the pool and it hurts  *ouchie*
My ankle definitely just twisted under my leg and didn't snap, but I can barely walk on it  sweet life!
Weebles lost a toe!? I have no clue how she lost it, but it is gone... poor thing lost a tooth &amp; now a toe. How does a cat lose a toe? 
@tiamimi i can't because it makes it swell... my jaw presses in 
@ryuniel take care na my neck and shoulder hurt all the time 
has a sore patella...I think I may be suffering from chondromalacia again 
Wow, bruise on my leg much 
hate not being able to skate. it makes me feel like I have restless leg syndrom 
dear leg/bone/knee, please stop throbbing. I can't sleep. 
sore muscles from athletics.  nasty cut on knee toooo!!
Is shook up from her pre-ride. One girl dislocated her shoulder, broke her elbow, and wrists. I broke my bike. 
i keep gettin these mysterious bruises- big on on my thigh, one on my arm then another one on my hand where the metacarpals are! 
not much going on with jess because of her injury 
is out of the hot tub,&amp; succeeded in somehow bustin my boyfriend's knee up.  ouchie i feel bad, sitting next to me in a brace what a pair.
fell off my bike today from going too fast on a curve! scraped knee and hand  owwww
@wikibear I miss my triceps too  haha
I just lost my thumb drive! ugh!! 
I'm clenching my jaw while I sleep, what's up with that 
After a 2 day hiatus. Finally I can type! But my shoulder, neck n back still hurts 
@Mehalison yeahh my arm is achey too 
sore throat and chest from  coughing 
I twisted my knee and can now barely walk on it. Not sure what happened but it hurts  #fb
@kissmygumbo 2 knee surgeries on the same knee has made running impossible...even a little bit 
This wrist aint getting any better 
I have a spot. On my cheek. 
Is going to have an operation on his toe 
has a v hurty ankle 
leg cramp  ugghhh
@jordanknight  I generally stretch every morning as a kitty.  And sometimes the ball of my leg is raised.  xoxo!!!
physics textbook caused me to slice my leg open 
I have tendonitis 
@CinnamonCloud awahh!!  well my knee's been strapped up all day! leg's a bit better...
oh... and i fell... off johns bed... im sore and bruised on my left side wear my ribs r at... and i have a sore throat  death awaits
sore foot  sore nose  lazy bones for the afternoon then creep graduates!
pinkie toe is throbbing! Stubbed it reeeal bad 
i've cut so many photos out i have a blister on my thumb 
i woke up with a sore, stiff neck and back 
Needs a new leg 
I have the hugest bruise on my knee 
Not a happy day so far. I got a nail in my ankle and several bruises on my legs 
is considering ripping her spine out 
ow! sonofabitch this is just not my day  just had boiling water spill on foot &amp; leg, then sprained pinky finger trying to get clothes off
@BuiltToFail @ElleCed I took it as she hates more than just your leg, therefore she hates your foot too. And why did you make me sick? 
Ahh arm in sling so cant do much  
i think my knuckle is infected 
has a bum knee  note to self: be extremely careful at the waterfall...
I hate when my toe nails break. They take so long to grow. Especially the big toe. 
@goatfox I am down and out with a neck issue and now a cold on top of that! Sucks! 
My knee really hurts when I bend it 
Restin my arm....i have tendonitis 
tanner's pillows make my neck sore 
my neck still hurts 
I'm siickkk.  Chills, sore throat, neck and back. This suckksss.
It's really hard to do the stanky leg in wet doc martins... 
i burned myself with the straightener on the underside of my forearm... how that happens beats me. it hurts and is red 
Too many rollercoasters, my neck actually feels like it's broken. 
Ouch! I've got a blister on my big toe 
might have some weird leg syndrome that does not let me run anymore 
still recovering from knee surgery 
I want a desert eagle. Unfortunately my wrist are not strong enough. 
in bed in pain,got hit on the side of my shin with a zooming hockey ball.ouch 
Owwww!! I just bit my thumb 
I have really bad shin splits   
ankle injury 
@NikeAndrews frustrated about my ankle  also had a lot 2 do 2day, I'm off 2morow. + car inurance, tag, doc appt 4 ankle, &amp; phn.....
has a wicked sore throat 
i stubbed my toe on brady's skateboard  and it be bleeding
My big oaf of a dog might have to get put down due to the tumor in his leg 
right about now i wish the psp had 2 shoulder buttons 
I got a concussion longboarding 
i think @alainafisher is trying to give me grey hair! bb girl broke her wrist and got a concussion 
Wow both hip hop couples are up for elimination  #sytycd
I can't move my left arm 
@Crouts ...all I can see is an arm. 
Wishing I could be at soccer practice...instead of laying around looking at my bum ankle 
@slimslims Hope the ribs were good. No ribs for me. They're FATTENING. I don't have your super-genes. 
Ugh I jus pulled a muscle in my neck ooowwww 
twisted his shoulder again while playing cricket.. 
twisted his shoulder again while playing cricket.. 
@paintedinflames see you later! there are no goodbyes. hope your leg gets better 
I have 8 bugbites on my leg and they itch like crazy. 
waiting for the ibuprofen to kick in...my ankle is killing me!  
I hurt my ankle and now i can hardly walk 
@lizzyrose you need to stop coming into my neck of the woods without telling me. it makes me cry 
My ankle looks like there is a baseball in it 
my lil bro got a clean break on his left forearm from skating yesterday and now they say he needs to get surgery and its very serious.  
great climbing tonight until i bruised my shin twice and hyperextended my elbow all on the same route. really hope it doesn't persist 
@KaylanMason thank you kaylan!  idk what's wrong with the tendon though... 
@SplinkyG tayler hurt her knee again  may need surgery after summer. but going to see some specialists in los angeles while im there
icing my knee; its still swollen 
I broke it...at the elbow 
Needs a quick remedy for a bruise on my thigh.  - http://tweet.sg
This giant open nasty omg ouch sore on the toe next to my little toe is killing me now 
blah. i hate back spasms, my bad knee hurting, and my foot i fractured during softball hurting  at one time too 
is going to bed now!! I Am soooo tired and my neck is soooo sore still!! 
@bennjordan   I hope your bike &amp; knee are ok ! where did you find such a deep pot hole?
So...no lesbians have shown up at my door to give me a shoulder rub. I am sad now  
 my arm burns
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU... i think i messed up my knee 
ouch ! cramp in the leg 
i am laying in my bed with my heart beat in my leg! talking to g! &lt;3     my leg hurts):
my jaw is so sore i feel like crying 
wrist is still very sore 
i've fracutred my knee... :L i have a huge cast on it and need to use cruches... i misss aleexxx!!!!  &amp;&amp; i love my cruch buddy Bellaaa &lt;33
@beyondgoodnevil  what for? (the stitches)
has a rather painful bruise from shutting the car door on her leg 
woke up screaming with cramp in my leg  half an hour later I woke up again because my other leg was in cramp  now both muscles hurt! 
Pretty sure I broke my hip. 
I think my toe is broken.  
I reakly hurt my toe 
@jsofreshhh yes sir! That's what I'm talking about my pinky toe! I couldn't move it for 3 days 
@Orchidflower yes it would be - she'd taken the dog for a walk &amp; got pulled over - broke hip &amp; shoulder -was never the same after that! 
Just stubbed my little toe...didn't know it would give me a limp... 
my leg.. i think its broken orsmth. yesterday i jumped on some trampoline and then sprain my leg. and that hurts so much  .
came down the stairs too fast and missed a step ,.. now my knee is throbbing 
My neck is so sore from sleeping on the couch. 
i'm in bed with a rly sore rib 
painful ass leg cramps 
1 arm 1 leg plank competition. @marcusliv beat @benedict31 hands down. I beat @travismtv but no one to twitpic.  http://mypict.me/4rk6
Why is my shoulder/back hurting so much? 
@aprilyim @starwing wait for me to feel better as well! i cant be BKT'ing with a sprained neck / shoulder right? 
@jazminnnx No i f*cked up my ankle and i can barely walk on it  It hurts like F*ck
Taking my husband in for shoulder reconstruction surgery this morning 
awww my brother sprained his knee during training! 
my ankle still hurts....     
Is it possible to fracture/brake a rib from coughing so much? .... I just wanna get better   http://myloc.me/4rUj
Feels like an old ankle sprain injury is making a return. It never did heal right. 
just found a bruise on the back of my arm  I hope it goes soon.
Ouch! Really bad cramp in my upper trap 
@njlevy @NeonGypsies lost his right leg in a tragic waterskiing accident. He's pretty sensitive about it. 
Something has bitten me! I've got an stiff, swollen pinky!  not cool!
working 7-11 tonight then off for six days! unless i feel like picking up my shoulder is killing me... cant move my left arm 
So tired! And got a blister on my ankle. Also can't find tim 
@sockington could you give mine a quick look, there is an itchy on my pinky toe 
I kind of fell up the stairs, and now I have a huge purple lump on my leg.  
how come my neck feels like a large man crushed my vertebra, before every goddamn show i go to? I am MISERABLE 
So my shoulder/back still hurt like a mother! It hurts to breath in you guys...ouchies 
my neck (and coincidentally whole left side of my upper body) is in SUCH pain!!! i think i may've pulled a muscle? 
Laying around..on crutches still 
Sulking in the muggieness because my neck and back hurt 
@Whatleydude what did you do to your ankle? 
Just twisted my ankle again 
still trying to figure this out. hard to think when you have a concussion  ugh....
waiting for them to pull kodi's toe there's a chance he may end up lossing it 
@xBecbekx sorry to hear about your arm. that sucks 
Pins + needles in my arm 
@alexwtrugs http://twitpic.com/7u6cm - #megex is adorable. but i'm sorry your girlfriend doesn't have a neck. 
just sitting around, godd this concussion suckss. 
My toe is so sore  I may have to cut it off entirely
i cant lift my left arm 
off to go lay down with an ice pack on my knee.  no running for me tonight..  
has a spider bite on the right ankle, its swoll up and now i have a kankle! 
has a bad stiff neck....  ouch 
@thebeaky I will tomorrow probably, right now it's so sore I don't even want to lift my arm 
crap my ankle is swollen 
The leg of my murano glass horse broke!  I'm trying to super-glue it back on, but it's not working out.
hitting your ankle on the edge of a recline chair doesnt feel too good.. ow 
shoulder is so owwy... 
I have a blister on my pinkie toe. Ooooowwwww 
i want my itchy neck/chest to go awayyy what is wrong with it 
@moonscribe too heavy - and the elastic would not work - I would have to cut when my leg  swelled 
Has shin splints  so sore
My puppy hurt her leg I think. I'm so nervous 
messed up my ankle pretty bad 
We won the gold...ankle is sore 
neck is still sore!! 
My leg hurtss soooo bad   its all numb feeling and it hurtss
@bulamoon i'm resting up my gimp ankle to see office space tonight    lame lame ankle!
Its been on Of like 4 mind and it's melting my leg 
owie i pulled my leg  it hurts
@eddyizm I hope your knee is okay 
My ankle is swollen &amp; it hurts...but whyyyyy?!?!  
i broke my toe i have &amp; stiches and i cant do anything  i hate this
@ItsIan How? I've never broken a bone. That must suck. 
legs hurt so much I hope I didn't re-tear my hamstring or knee 
8 stitches in my knee! 
so we got the results on my knee...no surgery...strained MCL and inflammation of some tendons...bleh...still hurts like a bitch 
I think I just broke my pinky toe!  Oweee!
just made sum mashed potatoes and chicken strips...bangin!!!....and icin my ankle 
My knee really hurts 
broke my frickin ankle 
I just twisted my ankle &amp; then i found out my grandma is in the hospital.... what's with this bad luck? very alone right now... 
im back from getting firewood.. and i had a sleep i also have a sore knee  lol
@NiCCi112 L0L! i know right! idk why either! had bite marks all up on my thumb n shxt! lol.. not good 
I tweaked the neck injury from my car accident and now i can barely move at ALL and I am really suffering  this sucks
My toe huuurts 
I've got a bump on the side of my forehead. 
Why do peep toe shoes hurt so bad 
@GayDJPodcast @JuicyStory @georgemonks @stigblog I injured my knee last night, incredible pain 
@adamhandy  not looking forward to an aching jaw 
I've crippled my wrist again!  AHHH
puch my knee! my desk just took a chunk out of it  bad times!
owies! i just hit my knee on the desk 
I have a giving arm 
my seatbelt is digging into my neck  ouchh
still with an ice pad on my knee!!! i need company i'm so bored   
My dad hurt his knee so I am at the emergency room with his.   I will try to post my pictures before I leave tonight.
I have a hardened arm 
is sad that his injured knee is effecting his dancing.  
my shoulder aches 
went arse up at work today...took all the skin off my knee and elbow... and put a massive hole in my new work pants 
lightly sprained my left ankle last night 
Ouch!  I have a crook in my neck.  -------------&gt; 
My leg in the cast is so itchy and I can't reach the itches 
got hurt.....on bothh of the leg n handz................got an injection also.........!! 
@RimaDarling guess what.. jocelyn's hurt her leg &amp; is on crutches 
my cheekbone is so fucking sore. 
#squarespace I broke my leg 
Letting my broken collar bone rest up 
is sore from the paint balling - got a massive bruise on my ribs 
Still in bed. i sprained my ankle n got a big ol bruise on my knee! 
my toe still hurts sometimes 
Just stopped a healthy squirrel from mauling one with a broken leg. The injured one crawled away before i could catch it to help 
man im in pain.....   my arms gonna fall off...n my leg too....
Just got back from fair got bashed against the side of a ride and my leg is bruised 
My neck and shoulder still hurt so god damned bad  This neck injury is something I'll deal with intermittently for the rest of my life?!?!
just went on a 10k jogg, now my right foot &amp; knee are sore... 
i pulled my shoulder 
Girls get comfy saddles. I get something resembling a small cross section of bench leg on an angle 
My neck is sore 
i got a sore thumb 
when will these flea bites stop itching!? my ankles and leg are so sore. 
ugh my neck/back hurts ! think i slept weirdd 
That chick has the largest mole/spot I've ever seen! It encompasses a huge part of her neck! 
my pinkie is officially bigger than my thumb now. 
oh my gosh! i just dropped micah! i stepped in hole outside, turned my ankle, fell down &amp; he flew out of my arm and hit the ground!  #fb
I just burned my arm with the iron....ow it hurts 
@panchromatic she had stomach cancer  found her barely alive and held her outside for an hour, she seemed happy, even snuggled my shoulder
so the ex who hated me is now talkin to me bc i checked up on him bc he flipped his quad n he open fractured his ankle in 2 places 
i have cervical strain. wearing neck brace, 
@hackerfriendly (And also, the kittens were gestating in a lump on my left thigh and I couldn't figure out how they were gonna get out  )
Oh no, I just ripped a hole in the toe of my sock. 
ouch. my ribs hurt 
Getting my toes painted...the toe separators hurt. 
just cut my toe instead of my toenail 
This limp is making me slow 
So the huge bruise underneath my toenail has finally pushed that sucker right off...no big toe nail in the summer looks RETARDED!!!!  
@SplinkyG i dislocated my knee for the 3rd time on monday   cedars-sinai here i come. possible surgery, but we'll see what they say.
has such a sore back 
I can't do the three-legged race because my leg is still weak from when they took out bone marrow a while ago 
Jordans are gonna have to wait  I hate foot n ankle injuries
@alkisandbox well, can you pay attention to my left neck and shoulder so I can have more and better movement? ouchy, ouchy, ouchy 
toenail from second toe left foot came out 
And your knee is out of socket. 
   smoked prime rib working...
@JeNjEn2007 i have a cyst on my thumb i ccant play guitar hero bc of it 
Goodmorning... I have a sore neck  but I'm going to watch movies all day and put back all the posters I had on the wall.
it's never good when you hit your elbow on the corner of your laptop and it bruises instantly 
something bit my knee and now its all red and puffy..and not only is it itchy but it hurts!! 
has some serious quad boobage action going on here. 
 i hit my knee it hurts really bad
i busted my toe biking! ughhh 
i need to work out! but i think i broke my big toe 
I believe I have sustained an injury. 
My bump has a bigger bruise! It hurts 
still have very limited mobility in my wrist..  say a prayer it gets better
I'm reeeeaaalllyyy sore. 
tried to open the broken draw under bed to get inhaler. still shut, and i now have a blister on my knuckl = cant breathe, &amp; sore knuckle. 
i can't wait for this gimpy knee to heal. i really took a spill 
messed up my ankle. 
Sitting here with a hot pad on my neck. 
I just stubbed my pinky toe. Ughhh. 
Recovering from my foot surgury 
My ankle is bugging me again 
Y is my chest so tight? Y do I feel like this 
In horrible pain after twisting my ankle at the pool earlier today. I just wish I could sleep! 
@Mievolution thats not funny  i almost broke my neck on that last stair 
hurt my ankle 
@AndrewxD I have some kind of sore on my leg 
@dreallday damn ur leg looks messed up!!  
@flipsideup lol her toe thumb 
has hurt her neck...  http://plurk.com/p/12l9gd
@flipsideup lol ben have you not seen her thumb 
ouchie my wrist 
commissioning the knee brace for the first time since mid-march. i lasted longer than i thought i could, but still. 
started my day off awful by stubbing my toes against a door. my pinky toe nail fell off  then i got a speeding ticket. just now unwinding
my left knee is hurting like a bitch and i don't have my brace with me.  sleep will be a good cure, i hope!
My wrist got sprained again. Possibly broken... 
I'm gonna get a bruise when I wake up. I hit my knee on the wall 
Breaking your ankle is not fun 
@literatim i sprained my ankle 
When I say I am EXTREMELY concerned about my leg, I'm not fucking about....not hommerton again!? 
think i pulled a muscle in my shoulder 
Hip is worse today, moving my leg causes pain... ouch 
ouchie, just clicked my wrist soooooo badly 
I've got a really bad leg  would you still love me if I had to walk with a stick? X
Ugh my calf has a nasty swelling bruise 
has an ouchie on his leg from last night.. 
needs to rest.  my ankle still hurts.
I has a bruise on my elbow 
my knee is sore  there is a loose bone in it :O
My leg is itching 
massive headache. lost an earring. got a battle scar on my left arm that i dont remember. the mi dens like me. 
needs to lose weight - stupid knee injury 
@maaaaisie I miss him to  I miss picking him up and carrying him so his leg doesn't hurt, poor nooops.
spasm in the leg, isnt nice 
I stopped the ball with my chest, kicked it into my hand with the right foot and sustained a left leg muscle pull! 
I talk with my toe! 
I've hurt my neck 
My knee aches soo badly. It kept me up last night. 
has got an achy shoulder 
has a hurty rib 
I have a blister between my toes. It hurts to walk 
has a nasty razor cut at the back of her ankle 
Just had to take two painkillers for a sore jaw 
http://twitpic.com/80916 - And my leg 
sore ribs after step up 
I am SO TIRED! I slept on my neck wrong  must get ready.... then going back to katieeeeees
immobilized due to freak foot injury 
i HATE my effin knee i just want to cry 
i'm about to rip my spine out  it hurts so much
just curling ironed myself in the cheek bone 
my neck is jacked  boooooo
@LewyLouBear u just can't catch a break on this bike/knee incident. 
OWWW. cut my toe real bad  packing suckssssss
Anddd I have a broken toe 
just learnt movin frontside 180's and shuv its. on the other hand my mate may never use his arm after he broke and dislocated his elbow 
has knackered her ankle, bums 
I failed, I can't train, my chest beat me! 
just smashed my knee into my desk.. twice.  it hurts 
UGH!!! i just ran into the corner of a table...my thigh is killing me...omg...it hurts... 
@mycrazygirls He's sleeping, with a broken femur, watching them set it was too much for me 
@RaneVox since ger braking his wrist its been non stop iv not relaxed or rested 
Just jammed my toe under my chair leg 
I know I ate too much when I dislocate my jaw 
my arm huuurts  i'm such a wimp!
@Afrosolider, I didn't ignore you, I said 'Hi' :p. I was distracted by my leg, It makes me walk like a cripple  (LOL)
@hahakseth does that mean no hip hops, breaks, or poles?  feel better soon!!
yes i have a big bruise on my leg... from my car 
i might have a elbow fracture after all 
noticed a shin bruise late last night, and sure enough, a leg infection is now starting to come on full swing. 
So that's what it feels like to injure your hamstring....    (At least I got the cross off.)  That'll learn me to not warm up properly.
I now know why some workplaces require closed-toe shoes. Just dropped a cabinet on my toe. Owwww. 
ugh sprained my ankle while runnning 12k ouch... 
@imlikesteel Apparently, it's only in your neck of the woods   It's still ridiculously hot!
should be cleaning but has sprained wrist 
I just found out I have an enormous bruise on my upper calf just below the back of my knee...OUCHIE don't know how I did it 
My leg still hurts. 
In so much pain from my shoulder 
che just ran her paw down my side in her tailwagging frenzy and one of them nails left a deep bleeding gash. 
strangely spotted and aching in all my joints... inch long gash down my arm from broken glass. 
I hate waking up with my neck &amp; head already hurting   ...can you get a neck replacement?
my foot is officialy black. not kidding.  this is the last time i twist my ankle. i'm gonna be so careful. haha
just twisted her ankle and scraped her shins up supabad 
The marshmellow sized welts on my leg are not pretty. but then i remeber im broke 
I think I pulled a muscle in my neck at the concert  I can't lean my head to the left without it hurting.
My ribs hurt 
bandages came off stitches came out more bandages went on ugh 
ouchhhhh swollen ankle. 
somehow tweeked my knee. starting to bother me 
Ouchie boo boo! I really hurt my ankle 
god my stupid ankle is so screwed up! 
huge bruise on my arm from giving blood. it looks bad and the little finger stabber thing they had to do felt like it went to the bone 
I got a bite on my leg! Itchyyyyy!! 
My cat has just violently attacked me! I have scratches all up my one leg.. goodbye summer skirts then 
is on crutches 
Aww my arm is swollen 
i really want to go golfing!! and i need my hip to stop being broken 
hurt her shoulder 
@MATTHARDYBRAND nodq.com is reporting that you have a torn abdominal muscle that is going to require surgery   is so i hope ur well soon!
just sliced off a chunk of her ankle whiling trying to shave her legs  anyone got a bandaid????
I hate having a broken leg, it sucks 
just sliced off a chunk of her ankle while trying to shave her legs  anyone got a bandaid????
wrist hurt  argh!
Has a hurty leg , 
: my hamstring really needs to get better before I can even think about running again 
@cameronmoll I had ankle surgery 4 months ago  - all the best for the upcoming knee op
I want to go skate somewhere but I have no knee pads.  
@MattHardyBrand I hope the arm heals soon, just when you're about to get the cast off, this happens 
@JThaiTea I woke up with a pulled muscle in my neck and now I can't move 
@tysonritter feel better! the flu/knee problems suck 
can any1 actually touch their tongue to their elbow? I'd tried and failed miserabally! 
I cut my elbow shavinig  and I have a direct message?!
@Paulystarbucks pooor noooka and your elbow 
my leg has gone dead 
@ButimaDime yeahh but you have to drive the rover, I can't walk on my toe until it healss 
ok - that sucked, getting up from mini(man) floor and I totally rolled over on my bad knee 
@Carm823 I'm sooooo sad!  my beba doesn't want me anymore! :: ties noose around neck ::
Just dislocated my shoulder. But i'm dropped off medical insurance, so i gotta suffer 
i kill my knee it hurtme soo much 
getting ready to ice my knee its hurting pretty bad  
dear shoulder + back: if you promise to stop aching, I promise to never, ever attempt to carry so many heavy bags. mew 
My ankle is killing me, feels like I've done something really bad, but I haven't! Having broken that ankle before, I remember the pain. 
is in pain...my foot hurts around the ankle area where the table leaf fell on it a week ago...ouch! 
@wernshen I want to join but my knee still busted. So sad. 
@DelaneyHarrison awej haha wear it one shoulder and i sont even want to go cause ill look bad 
I have a fat bruise on my thigh from walking into the corner. Ouchies. I also almost fell down the stairs this morning. 
@QueenBeeInc i need a new belt for my hip holster 
My back shoulder jaw and leg hurt  and I've had a hard time sleeping 
Definitely got a huge bruise on my leg from work... I always seem to get hurt whenever I'm working 
The sunburn on my right leg looks like a huge bruise 
My thumb, D: it burnssssss. 
mysterious scars have appeared on my arm! 
going to bed to rest my second degree sprained ankle 
My knee is killing me 
i have a sore arm...i just got a needle...owwww..... 
i can't walk properly  my calves are swollen, and just noticed one is bigger than the other! i have an elephant stump calf!
@DeNisSeY I have a swollen toe and can barely walk on it 
I feel like i've pulled a muscle in my leg  And i have p.e today 
@MattBoyy1575 hopefully your arm is healed or else summer will suck for yu 
my hip! :/ is in hospital :/  i want to go home!!!  [be letter]  
I just want to go toe bed 
I just want to go toe bed 
hurt my leg at school  gilmore girls is on yay
my hit my toe 
AAAAAH my neck still hurts  when will this misery go away????
Wish I got stitches  This is not going to bode well.
after retracting from chalk zone i dislocated ruby's thumb!!!!! 
gah. not the greatest day. i'm so clumsy i ended up on the ground when walking to the common room.. grazed my knee and bruised my wrist 
@manda_roo fractured my shoulder terribly  swelling gone to my elbow whih also has big bruise
Because of my lack of proper sleep the past 2 weeks, old neck injury kicking in,  constant headache, besides dealing with my foot 
@sjeffreys7 how'd u go? I offcially have to rule out abs til my tailbone gets better 
Soreness is a very red shoulder the next day 
i has a very sore shoulder 
just had yoga with my mummy..... was good, my boobs suffocated me in our shoulder stand though 
sports injuries suck.. my knee hurts  this winter aint getting any better.
ill, limping about, feels like my leg muscle has locked 
@tititititit ouch! stiff neck. 
my leg is still hurt, 
ay! i think i have tendonitis in my right forearm...it'll feel like a rubber band is stretching and hurts every once in a while 
I have a really big rash on my neck and it huuuuuuuuuuuuuuurts! 
My shoulder hurts.  i think being in the sit last night bothered it.
while i write a diray, i see my left arm. unfortunately i've bitten by a mosquito omg.. my arm tickles 
finally got the stitches removed from son's forehead.. did not hurt him.. sure did hurt me 
up so early at the damn doctors  fuckin shoulder 
my neck aches... 
Waiting for the maid service to help me since my right leg is still in the cast and the left leg is truly no better  They better not steal
@ktsaurusrex  sorry about your ankle. i seem to always fall up or down the stairs when carrying laundry!
I fell on my crutches again 
football workouts... shittttty pulled mah groin 
My pinky toe has been broken for months. I should be concerned :| 
@RadarDog grass??? And it does not make them sick I would not like to be the two leg picking up the poop  I could not believe it
@tommcfly You have a lovely thumb 
this car is costing me an arm and a leg, but it's so cute I have to forgive it! 
9 for my pinky 8 for my ring 6 for my middle 7 for my pointer and 3 for my thumb  Refinnyj &lt;&gt; P.R.A.Y!
@hazeliz I started training for a marathon relay leg to help me get in shape but now I really think it's fun. Really. 
guess who has a swollen neck/shoulder again?? hmmmm must have been from carrying those bags. oh well, glad grndpas stuff got new homes! 
Laying on the quad 
@owenblacker For discussions of great social and political import, should we meet in a pub in your neck of the woods, or elsewhere? 
Wow pushing stedt at the hospital with his dislocated arm. I love being drunk 
dividing for the heel on the second sock. 
In-n-out quad  
@juliasmola.. yawning is only good exercise for the jaw bone. since the jaw bone can't workout with weights.. 
Ah the morning can start, neck pains similar to whiplash from headbanging.....The injuries of a good night 
3. He always wears one of my hairties around his wrist so that I never have to look for one 
@Yorksville maybe it is allied to the limp?  
@CheesemanDan yes  i need an eye patch and an asian peg leg xD ..i should be a pirate with a power rangers suit
@faesutherland I was trying to hold the blood inside my knee at the time... Yes, I cut myself, then pulled my hamstring. I suck! 
@flyingdesigner 2 winters ago I broke 2 ribs and bruised my kidney on my snowmobile so the more I think about it maybe I didn't learn. 
@macface2adore yeah i agree, but i do think lauren can be nasty sometimes, it's like she has a chip in her shoulder! i do prefer heidi! 
After months of hip hop I still feel like all i've really accomplished is looking like a fish out of water flopping around. 
@ddlovato i think your elbow fives might just change the wordl !! =O  hahaha
@aopossum wouldn't that hurt your neck? I can only go about 180 degrees 
@drdelacruz actually, mine come with four inch heels, a t-strap and a peep-toe, but I digress 
http://twitpic.com/4f9vh - @ddlovato elbow-five to you Demii 
i love my new peg leg background! 
@French_Nugget good thx! little problem with my leg but I'll live! How 'bout you? 
my neck is heavy because of my Asian bling lol 
annnnd got a pair of ankle length white converses 
listing to music and coloring the picture i drew..  dang my leg cramps up when i sit like this though! lol does that ever happen to you?
papa shin, mama shin, shin-let #1, shin-let #2, and shindawg all under one roof. feels nice 
@donniewahlberg if u ever get rid of your scarf I'll b glad to take it off ur neck! 
@rodjek Nothing leg warmers can't fix 
huge bruise on my foot.. luvd today  it's been a while since aji-ball
@tiffamander knee jerk reaction to mac-n-talk voiced persons... sorry  
@iveland don't know it really hurt my arm. guess you have to booze me.. or just ask @hpeikemo or @erlandwienke if you don't believe me! 
@jcsalterego no turkey leg? i can't believe it! 
Getting used to this shoulder immobilizer thing. Even getting used to sleeping in the recliner. 
bedd  ankle doctor appt tomorrow...ready to get this stupid ankle fixed!
@zaridz his left leg went back up at the knee... cramp, mayhaps? Or kissing an imaginary person... 
@crazytwism If I say 'haha' does that mean I still have a funny bone? 
galois wants to climb up the leg of my pjs but is too fat 
@gloriene a scratch mark filled in with leopard print on my left shoulder blade  &amp; a peacock on my right upper arm
I am going to get a 'A' tattoo on the back of my neck, it represents so much to me 
@EmilyAllTimeLow tattoos are cool!  i got a temporary one on my wrist 
we are going to barbeque ribs tonight    I love ribs&lt;3
I'm (also) in love with a fairytale...even though it hurts  hip, hip, hurra!
cassius. i love you. haha. tippie toe dancing! 
Thankfully my hamstring has decided to stretch. 
@ellaannounce ...do it opp way round for strap from your right shoulder, and tie round your waist - easy 
thought I could get the toe finished on that sock.. but * carried too many rocks today.. finger hurts  nite nite
is trying to cope with sore neck 
@liswebnet i see you're a dempsey admirer, are you making the voyage to see one of his shows? im heading to syd-den-knee  it'll be grannnd
@K_arm_a haha, we sure did 
@Luluwasi i did the back of my neck, my right shoulder blade and my lower back 
@RIOTtwilight 21/02/02 on my left wrist, 29/02/04 on my right. then a rocket going up my ribs 
 i loved the new calf
downloading more hip hop 
@tommcfly hope you didn't breake your toe. 
getting legitimately good at this leg waxing business. and so is @minablas!!!! 
I realized i stand out like a saw thumb 
my ribs hurt from laughing so hard tonight  niteeee
