Most common words for this cluster:
[('la', 629), ('i', 59), ('day', 44), ('today', 35), ('amp', 32), ('lol', 30), ('u', 29), ('na', 22), ('home', 21), ('im', 20), ('time', 20), ('night', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'LA', 0.9578471779823303), (u'Los_Angeles', 0.7544089555740356), (u'Z_BOY_INCORPORATED', 0.6911532282829285), (u'L.A.', 0.675330638885498), (u'MARY_LANDRIEU_D', 0.6628962755203247), (u'2theadvocate.com_Baton_Rouge', 0.6609870195388794), (u'Los_Angles', 0.640720009803772), (u'Cyd_Charisse_dies', 0.6292102932929993), (u'By_MIKE_BRESNAHAN', 0.6205683946609497), (u'Sacto', 0.6202620267868042)]





Morning folks! LA traffic to work  listening to Mario - Break up this goes sooo hard 2 me
stoked to go up to LA tomorrow for a Birthday Bash!! woot!! but sad im missing Coachella... 
@fabwrldgoodlif tell her I love her so so much, and congratulations on her engagement! Just got to LA gone the entire weekend  miss u all
@Mrs_Tipton man! AK - wow. serious short season up there, huh? who knows where I'll be mid may - prolly not LA. 
@nick_carter Yes..!!!  I wish I will be in LA... So you should come with me ;) ..! what you think?
@nick_carter Yes..!!!  I wish I was in LA... So you should come with me ;) ..! what you think?
very tired! had the greatest idea to go to Malibu today. I guess I wasn't the only one. It took me about 3hs to get back 
Margarita's w the BESTie @flouviere! She approved my self-nflicted haircut!!! Now &quot;ghetto bird&quot; hoverin ovr my crib. Roscoe NOT hppy! LA 
@xxhale95 ahaa ! i get it ! Me , and my family and mehmets family , we're maybe are going to florida or Miami ! I want to go to LA  ! &lt;3
Workin  in New Orleans, LA http://loopt.us/svhdmg.t
payed off my holiday 4k  now just gotta book flight from LA to Canada, accom in Hawaii and accom in LA.
I wish there was a blue bottle in LA. It's not fair that only sf has it 
@AlanCarr Cat Deeley is a Baggies fan too although these days she is probably a LA Galaxy fan 
Driving home from LA, on the 5s and the freeway is closed so were all exiting wthell!? I have work at 8!!! Ahhhh!  http://mypict.me/51i
@Bklyncookie omg all the LA bad weather aura is trickling into the Bay Area!!  [closes all LA-people windows!]
@VirginVolcano You know you've lost your LA touch when you can say that. I don't know if I'm more sad or disgusted, Virgin. I just don't. 
@pariskennedy I wish I could make it out to LA.  Maybe someday.
@RealLamarOdom To bad im not in LA... Because here in NYC... it is cold and rainy   
@dakotalily The tour is over now, he did go to Australia, plus NYC and LA I think for a couple of shows but that's it now 
wishing i was at chain reaction seeing @myamericanheart right now...why arent they playing SD or LA?! 
Um, why is it so cold in LA?!?! I already miss the sun 
Miss my LA and Toronto peeps.  
Kogi is Silverlake right now, man, i want to live by the lake again 
is coming back from LA tomorrow.  Boooooo. 
so early.... tired... had a bad night  CU in LA!!!!!!!!
Sitting in the airport, waiting to leave NOLA 
Hey guys getting freaked out about swine flu   LA is pretty near Mexico .... 
bummed we aren't in LA!! Wish we could be seeing JJAMZ tomorrow! 
Party @ TheWren's was fun but couldn't stay long enough  Enjoyed @siskita in Ruddigore &amp; had blast hanging w/some LA friends after. Tired.
I'm up in AZ &amp; a little drunk. Who's partying in LA and feels like texting me? One of those weekends I really miss HWood 
it's confirmed. swine flu came to CSULB and LA County.  everyone, use proper hygiene and be careful. http://bit.ly/3KSTi
Almost home from sac  just hitting LA. Kind of sad crew is oveR 
Tough loss for the D-Backs today, definitely could use the O-Dogg's defense right about now   I am hoping for 2 out of 3 or a sweep in LA!
Running wild in WeHo x leaving on wednesday for melbourne 
Jus cuz were not from LA doesn't mean we don't wanna be welcomed &amp; join either  u can jus tell us u don't like us cuz were not from th ...
Finally home! Sad to leave Anaheim &amp; LA as always though   Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy &amp; blessed bday!
Groceries arrived. The Malibu was unavailable! 
Last night of sleep in my bed for 2 mths    Gotta P90X, then breakfast, then pack the rest o' my shit, then airport, then LA!!!!!
I wish i lived in LA instead of grey gloomy Britain 
@misquick no just an insane sunset. the fires are north of LA in Santa Barbara, it's pretty bad too 
I miss my sis' Amy   I'll see her soon in LA !!!
Driving BACK to LA to pick up mom and dad  in Los Angeles, CA http://loopt.us/xgufKw.t
Omg dallas lost last second to a 3pointer by carmello   Yao is out for the rest of the playoffs. Easy win for LA now.
@NinjaFanpire I know, I saw the pics...He's looking very &quot;Edward&quot; lol...me likey... I wish the wolves would show up in LA though... 
aww posting all this random crap reminds me of my NOLA twittering 
@Jasminexoxo Well, i'm not sure. The flight is like 17 hours! But we'd swap in LA first. &lt;3 But we couldn't stay any time in LA.  So idk.
Fuuck, why cant I live in LA?! I got invited to a movie premiere  For what I think will be an awesome movie! Wish I could have been there!
Wants to go to LA ROUX 
Did the Revlon walk in NY &amp; LA. Now I hav a cold. No good deed goes unpunished 
@krysivory awwww I wish i could do that! My moms in LA 
Heading back to LA from Santa Cruz!  But looking forward to Vegas next weekend! 
Just got to LA, took dogs out, and Moon started hacking, acting dazed and weak. At animal hospital now, hope he's gonna be ok  #fb
@Im_A_Vujachick what's up with our LA teams today? 
@Lucky_Gem PROBABLY!!   bummer....if they were in LA i'd be able to cause the game would start after....
Buckled up to take off for LA &amp; then back to work 5 nights in a row! I love you my bumbee! 
Good morning twitterers and twitterettes! When is summer coming to LA? I'm tired of the chill 
@tink69 Awwwww, I sure wish you were in CA too!  When will you be back? You always randomly disappear to Chicago!? lol
@RobPattzNews Is Rob back in LA 
@JeffDauler have fun in LA.  Way jealous.. would so love to be there   !!  I could be y'alls assitant.  LOL
Finally departing  shuda went over to hypes earlier, it was fun! Bye bye LA, see you soon! x
Made it back 2 LA. So sad saying goodbye to my BFF  upside: mom is in LA w me! We r going 2 have a great wknd starting a church tomorrow!
At Oscar Taylor's in Phoenix. I kinda miss NYC DJ's.  This is the 2nd song nope 3rd song that's totally Cali http://myloc.me/11BQ
@alnandr u watched Kobe doin work? Man I missed it  u r a fan of LA?
Roving restaurants that Twitter (just in LA  )  http://bit.ly/186OhO
My mktng/vp is in LA for tonight's game - I'll be with my banker- eating Thai, begging for new funding, watching the game on a 60in TV.  
@LA_PEARLA NOT U TOOO PEARL YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY 
Hoping a friend of mine in LA area is all right. Won't be able to find out for another 2 hours or so. 
5.0 magnitude earthquake hit LA one and a half hours ago. Scared the s**t out of me 
I am so glad we went to LA Yesterday instead of today... imagine me Driving in LA traffic with n Earthquake... Scary thought 
Quake in LA and my kids are there  ? http://blip.fm/~6iite
Earthquake in LA?? Oh dear 
Okay that's the overnights done, see there was a LA quake &amp; Onion on the ball with comedy help quake safety advice. Time for work now 
wants the LA and the MB!  no sizes!!
on a happier note-I graduated!!with my entire family from India,Philly&amp;LA here!! BIGG party. now i should get to the the exam i have left 
Now for happy news-I graduated!!with my entire family from India,Philly&amp;LA here!!BIGG party. now i should get to the the exam i have left 
Omg I already spent too much money on clothes today  ughhhh. Hopefully I don't buy too much in LA!
Last monday of high school.  finally!!. Bad news: there was an earthquake in LA 
@lovable_leo ugh. Trying to get outa bed right now  was distracted by waking up 2 earthquake news in LA
@JEL1715 oh gosh no!  he arrived in LA, i live in chicago!  that's like 2 hours away   but i'm glad we're finally in the same country!!
Cannot believe there has been an Earthquake in LA a wk b4 i go!!!!! Just adding that one to my list of worries now 
Headed back to LA.. En route to MIA Airport 
In class  I wish i was in LA rite nw...ATL shootin a music video there 2day..:'( i could have been it n hung out wit the boys! FML!
Is everyone ok in LA?!? 5.0? Omg thats scary 
@Carlita818 I was supposed to be in LA this weekend but it got canceled  .
@krs10kv foreall girlll wish u came to LA  lookin hot in ur new pix tho loves them BBM meeee xoxox
@ChrissyAsad I can't believe the Lakers lost  What do you do in LA? Model? Act? I just arrived in LA like 5 days ago from Canada!
someone whos up talk to me! Goin in to birmingham. So wished i lived in LA  x
goodbye bed,goodbye apartment,goodbye awesome weather,goodbye beach, goodbye 2nd st, goodbye LA, goodbye thrifts, goodbye Long Beach  #fb
Hahaha...Vegas rocks! Thank you San Diego!! Time to get ready for LA! Woot! PS - slot machines eat money 
@JRiley21 The'll be like $100 some a piece. ...I'd love to come to LA, but moneys not the issue. @SportsfanPJ I was kiddin  I live by CLE
So what's the first thing I did when I got to LA?  Parallel park 
just getting back from a rehearsal! our favorite gym @home in CT closed  now we need to find a new one... hm we're thinking LA Fitness?!?
Oh my god I so want to buy a season ticket to the Pantages... but I don't think I'd be able to afford 8 LA trips  Pity I don't live in LA.
@zachcumer Tucson. There are more people here than in LA right now.  Fly down! You have thirty minutes...
turning in early tonight. CGA tmw w/ the asb famsss. gna miss janel &amp;lyla  LA on Sat morrrrning.
@wiseleo I tried out in LA in February. Too bad the next LA ones are right after my finals. 
@cha_rade oh no the economy gotcha?  sorry but so happy that you got another one in LA!  Enjoy SoCal! Ahahaay! LOL
@MateRiaLGirL1 I won't b hereeeeee. Imma b in georgia  and then I'm off to LA. Grrrrrr!
Sorta needs to somehow forget that its E3 in LA practically during my ethics exam and self-imposed revision time. 
What a dreary day in LA. Where did all our sunshine go? 
pondering OC/LA day trip tmr. after yoga/work. hmm n then see school of 7bells in irvine tmr nite. ponder ponder... gota work on sun tho 
LA unified summer schools drastically cut due to CA budget  cuts. Very sad 
@raenewman you called me? didn't get that.  nest time for sure. maybe i'll come to LA soon. i hella wana go to Disneyland.
On my way to LA. Running a little bit late 
@SOREALCRU its Gloomy in LA no sun  but its nice
off to Sacto to take babies to kennel 
@jennyboomboom83 I know how you feel Darian is in LA with Bam and I am missing him terribly. And I won't see him until Sunday. 
Thank goodness for starbucks iced coffee...I was feeling so sluggish today, I think its this awful LA weather 
94 more days till BH comes back to LA 
What a gloomy day in the OC,Cali 
Wish I could be heading to LA for E3.  *le sigh* Maybe someday.
Is annoyed with LA news stations to burying the video of the McCain/Whitman event in the middle of a bunch of non-stories.  Boo.  
@funimation I was hoping to get a cosplay photo when I did the LA Weekly story. No such luck. 
@Unique856 They don't want it. They not fighting for it. Looks like LA will be in the finals again. 
@WhyBugz There's supposed to be some good natural mom groups on meetup in West LA. I fail at making mom friends and L loves other kids. 
I keep forgetting how much I dislike Georgia.  I miss LA already!
@jonathanrknight I'm assuming you landed in LA safely? Are you a grouchy bitch and that's why you didn't tweet tonight? 
@harleyrodrigue I was going to ask you to take good care of our boy, Jon while he's in LA, but your page is missing.  Hope all's well!!
Love LA but tons of dudes have &quot;fashion mullets&quot; here 
Interesting chat today. What does someone from out-of-country want to do while in Arizona? So far, it's seems to be... go to LA.  
It's 4:40 in LA n I'm up n feeling good. Bummer I didn't see miley though 
@1Omarion awe.. You takin clariton for ya sinuses? It works! =] so u got shows out there? Man I've only left FL once for LA, no whea else 
wanna go to LA with Ririka! but it will cost about 300,000 yen.. Hmmmmmmm 
last few hours in LA! Heading down to see Kathryn in Hermosa before hopping over to LAX this afternoon 
Relaxing in my garden soaking up the LA weather in Bristol! Listening 2 @metrostation. Trying 2 finish this song, got a lil writers block 
@crosswalkkarma i know. I'm sorry  the end of something beautiful, perhaps. Blame LA.
Dreary, overcast weather in LA  
The Fender Grammy event last night was fantastic. They have many free events there each month. It's at LA Live nr Staples Ctr. No website 
@KimKardashian if i ever get off the 405 within the new day or so i promise i will try them lol ughh LA traffic!  have a good day!
@KimKardashian if i ever get off the 405 within the nexr day or so i promise i will try them lol ughh LA traffic!  have a good day!
@KimKardashian if i ever get off the 405 within the next day or so i promise i will try them lol ughh LA traffic!  have a good day!
Just waking up. No plans today, really, since I probably can't make it to the pre-E3 Dtoid LA Party  Any suggestions on what to do today?
@PaulaAbdul  not Long Beach, it's still overcast down in this part of LA 
@NykePrince have fun in nyc. Sorry my timing suckd that I never got time to see u  but promise ill whenvr u get bk 2 LA
Couldn't drive home to LA. Was feeling really anxious, almost had a panic attack  the conditions were the same as the day of the accident
@CoreyLatif &amp; U didnt call me  Well hit me when u come back n 2 LA or if your n Atl
Hey friends my blackberrry is dunzo. Still n LA. Won't have new phone tilll monday !  I have bbm an twitter withdrawls.
@HOTTVampChick hey girl! Hope u're havin a great weekend! It's real ugh here in LA today 
@abbycushman wish I could be with you in LA  miss u &amp;&amp; Lala land
@JennyGnow I'm a football girl too but I really don't wanna see Orl and LA at the finals... I don't like either team.   
@iamdiddy there was no sun in LA today  hopefully it'll come out tomorrow. In my best Annie impression &quot;the sun'll come out tooomorrow...&quot;
Aaaahhhhhhhhhhhh! GD!  (That's what I'd sound like it my tonsil was disabled) Magic better stomp LA. Cannot tolerate Kobe.
@mitchelmusso ooh! the 5th sounds like fun!!! don't know ifni can make it tho. my mom hates driving from Laguna to LA.  
disappointed in a few magic fans tonight   people just don't know how to be nice at times.i got made respect for L James but now off to LA
@jordans1grl Wish we had a fan meet down here in LA...maybe there is one and I just don't know.  Have fun!!
Going to yet another party in LA! Worked this morning from 630am till 315pm, slept from 430 to 830. Now I'm off!! And then work at 630am! 
damnit...i jus found out Morfeus got ousted from Limbonic Art las year. that upsets me cuz he was the real mastermind behind LA... 
...,, leaving LA  in Los Angeles, CA http://loopt.us/3s5mxA.t
aw man  im def NEVER going to forget this LA/OC getaway .. what a way to end the trip. &lt;3 t-minus 7 hours til I return to rainy chitown
@LA_WHITE  I wish I could go to cali! Have fun, how long are you going down for?
It's weird when most of the people you're following are in LA. It's only 6 for them and nobody's awake! 
@JamesRPTX u r not taking your cat?!  so sad. great seeing u last night! wish there was more time to talk. have an AWESOME move to LA!
@xoxoMarianna Oh darn, I missed you when you were in LA.... 
@harrisonhudson No, Manhattan Beach is in LA.  I wish I would be seeing you so soon. Seriously organize a west coast show and come here!
Aww, my favorite composer (Bear McCreary) is doing a signing in LA today.  I am not in LA. 
@thetoughsams i've been vacationing in Mexico.. heading back home to LA later today 
http://twitpic.com/6cf75 - LA traffic to disney 
I would have bet a hundred bucks it would b Cleveland &amp; LA in the finals. Thought it was Lebrons year 
@Ryan_Orrico argh, it's gonna be hard to do. especially living in LA  but I think I'll manage. I hope, anyways.
@GiNnA_ hi mami!!! Girl I'm on my way back now...I'm trying to make it out tonite but I got sick as a dog out in LA 
i dont wanna leave, but i gotta go right now. but i'll be back before u know it. xoxo BYE LA!!! 
awaiting the MTV awards .. sadly not in LA!! .. wow that really sucks eh .. it's so cold here 
Yay just landed in LA... Not looking forward to the drive bck to vegas tho  fuck I'm tired lol
@WILLakaVC there's overcast today  but its usually nice..no humidity. I'm from FL. I been wanting to go to ATL! U in LA much?
@HollandML Ah. Versailles in LA. Goodness I need some of that. They keep cutting the floor &amp; not invovling me.  what are your next moves?
@lorenrochelle You guys are so damn cute. I wish I was in LA hanging with you in Little Tokyo right now 
Ouchee!!!  Had to re-peirce my lip  ... Poor lips 1st they get burned in McAllen now this in LA
LA is killing my Cubs. 
Boys went scrappy in LA all good but I wanna see the girls too   Hello insomnia - check out photo of boys...
@daynah You missed dev camp.  Matt showed us the secret wordpress easter egg. It's pretty funny. See you again at WordCamp LA.
iPhone is on a love song kick. It must know I am sad because Lucas is going to be in LA all week. 
Despite the fact that I'm bummed about missing E3, I'm actually glad I'm not in LA with this sunburn. It's so hurty. 
Dropping @Arumi_kai off at RDU to fly to LA and go to E3 
@mattelfer don't bother with the Banana Bungalow hostel in LA. They 'lost' our reservation so we were on the street 
On my way back to LA. Pray for safe travel. Felt terrible last night so I only got about 3 hours of restless sleep 
Runnin threw the airportblike OJ....damn I wish we was goin back to Oakland with the homies 
Howdy!  It's our last day in LA.  We fly out at 3 ish!  
@B_Nikki_B tifffff... iono wht to do for my bday! Ugh. Lol. I live so far from LA andddd my bday is on a monday 
I hate your pollution LA. My allergies hates you too.  I can't get my allergies to stop. 
Hit LA - WTF there's like rain here! Flight good but I had a bad headache for 2/3rds of it  Going to nap a bit before getting lunch.
is waiting 2 board her flight 2 LA....goodbye 2 the beautiful taryn...im such a wuss i cryed so much  Me loves ya lots &amp; il call u wen ...
yucky weather in LA  Land 
wats good Twiggas! had a great weekend in LA. Now back to work  how y'all feelin' though?
Ugh.  Its super cloudy in LA and I didnt bring anything warm, hope it doesnt rain. Heard its gonna be super nice all week in Vancouver 
Well, my sticks are in the travel humi, ready to go to LA, however, the way I'm feeling right now, they may just be going for a ride. 
@PerezHilton pu-leeze.  WTF is there to whine about in LA?  They could be in friggin Jersey like me 
sudden craving for Pinkberry.. too bad I'm in norcal and not anywhere near one!  on the to-do list for when I get back to LA!
@kristindeigh When the sky is all overcast and grey. Just icky. LA looks like London  Not pretty. Cool for a day, but after that....
@Krystalle I'm just bitter than I'm not in LA. 
Last night was great! LA and SF fam all together. Back to LA tonight tho. I miss my own bed 
Boarding flight 1464 back to LA from Honolulu....    bye bye beautiful Oahu
Rob looks sad to leave LA 
@itsLissa Yup, there's me &amp; my name sake based in LA @mdflores! I've been to LA twice since *meeting* him on here, I've yet to meet him 
Its hard to be at the Fashion District in LA when you are dieting bc there's food everywhere outside!! Smells sooooo frkn good 
..Watching the opening Conan O Brian scene makes me wanna go back to LA 
@thestuntdude i think ur worse than me w/ the gym. def if I was in LA i would be ur gym buddy. Im such a loner @ my gym 
@gypsyjr The extras of the orig &quot;Black Christmas&quot; has an interview that was shot in an LA movie theater I used to go to a lot. I miss LA 
@joycekim arrive on 9th, leave on 12th AM for LA, so would not be a long stay in Bay area  Any chance to get together then?
The @DJHero and @GuitarHeroDevs party sounds INSANE - Jay-Z and Eminem performing! Oh LA, how I miss you 
Eminen at secret/private show in LA tonight, wish I was there  http://yfrog.com/5h7eqj
@Haya_Jam lol i miss LA as well  take mw back with you &lt;3
Back in Atlanta. LA was dreary, awful the whole time. 
@dctag thx for getting back to me! But cut trip short  gotta get back 2 LA today for Traders Expo. Will give ya longer heads up next time
I want my money back.  This LA weather has been terrible these past couple of weeks.  I feel like I am back in Ohio with all these clouds 
Finishing placing hardware on small mirrored cabinet to go in closet for major singer in LA.  Can't give you any details 
just watched the last episode off the hills...gonna miss lauren  the city word m ook niet meer.Whitney back in LA! jaajaa.. newsflash!
@taystar07 lol yeh he is from what i've heard. I havent seen him yet though  i'm only in LA but you would swear i was in Louisiana sumwhre
@BonesFan021 I will be, but later in the year, or early next year! My friend isn't in LA when i wanted to visit 
How did I miss The Proposal premier in LA???  I've been waiting for it so I could see Sandra Bullock and all her beauty, live in person 
my summer has began! yay can't wait for some LA fun and then Warp Tour 3 shows this year  lip pirecing and Volunterr WORk
On my way home in the LA traffic ... Yeah 
@Sole77 That's how I felt about LA when I was living there. I wanted out! But for some reason, my feelings changed after I left. 
So it happened again, LA Tan held my soul captive tonight from 5 to 11. i got it back only if i promised to give it back AGAIN next tues 
@Sole77 Yeah, I could do without the cast. But the random shots of familiar LA landmarks make me nostalgic. 
There's 2 ppl who are currently in LA that I want to see before they leave, but I can't magically be in LA before Friday  LAME! next time?
. @kellysue Jeez! Sounds like a typical LA night. We're having similar fun up in West Seattle.   Criminals can #suckit
LA SALLE PEOPLE!!!! ( heard the news. damn a(H1N1) 
@Tisyonk much as u promote Indo food,I sent him a copy of magz covering Indo foodie,but he left fanmails in LA so he hadnt read that magz 
just heard about the @rockthebells festival on the radio this AM! my one regret is that the love of my life Mos Def is only playing LA 
@ElizaPatricia LOL, from what I've seen, LA treats rain like other cities treat ice and snow.  Kinda funny, except for the accidents 
Excited for today ! Sister's coming over w/my nephews from LA . I need coffee &amp; b-fast . I felt sorry for the little birdies last night . 
The quality of the videos from TechEd LA are pretty disappointing. In many the video is shifted left, missing part of the screen.  #tela09
The quality of the videos from TechEd LA are pretty disappointing. In many the video is shifted left, missing part of the screen. 
can't find his passport and had to make a pre-emptive appointment at the Passport Agency in LA. 
Rainy day in LA 
Finally in LA. But its drizzling out  anywho... Hows everyone's day so far?
On our way to the wedding.... I X'd the orange dress.... Too bright and LA for this rainy day 
@mamapigeon My daughter was sick that day so couldn't make the LA NP tweetup.   I'm guessing it was fantastic!
Leaving for our last NYC trip before moving to LA...               I'll miss the rude pretentious New Yorkers
So much traffic in LA today!  I needa go potty already! Ugh!
@tomguilmette Indeed, nor have I.  BTW its cold and rainy in SoCal today too 
Only have one more night with my baby boy before he flies  back to LA.    So we are gonna go play outside.
@raum Dude, LA is far dirtier than SF. I'm glad I left my heart in SF.. I think I left my fangirl in LA... 
Is miss'n my lil peanut very much.  Hope she's have'n fun in LA w/ her primos &amp; tios.
@HHReynolds topanga Canyon? R u in LA? I'll be bk in a few hours. Would love 2 finally get 2gthr &amp; chat since I'm missin the conf 
@sjdfan @Vivayn ..and it's on the 9th...coincidence? And maybe not L.A..but LA! That would surely throw us off. But...no celebs mentioned 
Tried to see the hangover with Ric...oh yeah its Friday night and I live in LA of course its sold out 
Goodnight my fellow tweeps! You'll only have 2 put up with 1 more day of my journey 2 LA... Then it's back to everyday life 
@eunicelee   Did it really rain in LA today? I don't think it rained in the OC... at least, not enough to notice. Sorry about your day. 
i really wish i could have gone to Kate Voegele's concert in LA!! damnnnn! if only she would come to fresno! 
Schleeeep time.... Too tired to choreograph, and missin the LA family 
The clubs in LA make me miss Miami 
Man had an amazing time in France... Only one day left her I can believe it  its raining here today and its hella freezing! I miss LA sun!
@nsane8 Good morning. You're up early, LA. Then again I was up at 6 
My friend Grant just left for LA to live 
Off we go to Downtown LA. 5 more days left 
@KatheGuerrero yes i'm in LA, where you are coming? tomorrow at noon I go to Paris I want to see u babe but when? 
@BedazzledInk is SOOO jealous, ever since the Miami Sol folded  who's playing??
On the 5 North and it just started to rain  damn I knew I should have got gas in LA. Kettleman city here I come, in about 2 hours 
Sleeping in, In my downtown LA hotel. Last weekend of Prom Season  in Los Angeles, CA http://loopt.us/3sMjIg.t
Good morning tweetys! Its another gloomy day in LA  off to work at the boutique
@TokyoPro Yeah, I also wanna do a quick trip to Six Flags before the crowds man! I wanna go before we go to LA. 
@TOOHOT2BREAL25 so I realized how bad I am at responding to ppl. Too much of a  broke willy for LA   congrats on ur bro!
Last day in Palm Springs before heading to LA for the day and then the 14 hour flight home 
Its Dani's and my last day in LA together. Going to see the Hollywood sign and perhaps the beach. I will be sad come Monday 
Just said goobye to @SMCAaron  Have a safe flight to LA love you! Take good care of him @Austincarlile &amp; @Jaxinhall
Sick still, miserating. @mingandping Pick me and my boo up and take us to LA 
Takin' a study break to grab lunch w/zee momma at my favorite veggie place!  I wish they had 'em out in LA! 
SAD to miss Ink n Iron    I miss LA so bad !!
@kitty87228 I would love to! But the Buy More is in LA, and I'm in Houston  It'll take me awhile to get there!
@Skehal Where did I hear the word?!  Loads of places!  There was even a shop in LA with that as it's name 
@samantharonson Are you over LA? I'm so overr LA   I need a vacation
good night everyone ( Yah it's evening in Paris ) I miss LA , but Iwill miss @Ouss if I leave 
You know what frustrates me? Having One Call in LA but not being able to see them! 
@nympsam They couldn't do anything w those shots on goal. Look @ LA in the standings &amp; look where TFC is. Should have been an easy win 
@honorsociety - I got one for LA~ &lt;3 But what's going on with your Vegas show?? 
@potantialnick Yay!!! You in LA yet? I miss you so much already! 
ah  im jealous of @BrodyJenner. i wish i lived in Malibu so i could go surfing before dark...
Checking out LA tonight.  I wish @Lizzi247 would be there with us. 
Stone Temple Pilots at HOB in LA is already sold out...great...I really want to go 
Tonight is me and Miley's last night in LA 
@HON3YBAYBii angie is fine. She's just chillin. I haven't seen anyone since I left LA the last time  I miss them tho.
Somehow lost in LA 
@UflyLA .. No I'm not leaving yet, not until next month  .. that's like FOREVER from now .. I wish .. I wish LA was like 2 hrs away
@AngelLaurel Don't worry Laurel...I could spend an entire day in yoga/meditation and throw it all out of the window bcz of an LA driver. 
@MiaWallace_LA Parked on Broadway and no parking allowed after 8pm but in small print - so ticket for illegal parking + car towed!!! 
@LivingD0LL no homo but wut type of gurl would u be involved wit? Damn u should be in LA this month 4 this pool party 
Taking a 3 hour nap at The W in Dallas before my flight to LA to play Detox Pool Party @ Whittier Raddison 2p-5p then back to Houston 
flight to LA delayed.  Due in at 1pm now.
ohhh the magic are being mean! its #BeatLA not BEAT LA  what ever!
on the plane headed back to NOLA 
In LA and the weather is not good! The weather back home in PA is better! 
Still in LA after flight cancellation. missing @helenl something rotten. Also received first abusive tweet... Very bad timing. 
Last breakfast in NOLA  but excited to reunite with @scarymike!!
Dang, there's an audition for fans in LA to be in Demi's latest music video! 
Watching Miami, LA &amp; London Ink...just makes me want more tatts now. Still havnt got my back finished yet 
@YanniVoices Deployed in Iraq,headed home soon, will miss LA show by a couple weeks  Yanni has helped me thru this deplymnt! Next show..
I wanna move to LA! Or Laguna beach. Or maybe London... but not here, in this small boring country. No celebs ever come here!  uuuuh
@alanajoy I miss you too!! Hit me up if you ever get out to Dallas! I don't know when I'll be able to afford to get to LA again. 
@krystaldelacruz I know huh.  I think my partying nights are windling down.  One night I had 2 Malibu pineapples + 3 AMFs = pukeville 
Natalie and I are on our way back to LA. 
@JasonJMikeMgmt Im good  but not ready for the DC show cuz im in LA   what up with CD when can we expect to hear from him?
.. 3 Destinations / 3 Choices / 3 pleasures But I Can Only Choose One  ... Miami/LA/Cali????? aaa hate it i shuld go to dis 3 places!!!!
Going back to NYC   LA was great as always! At least my flight has direct tv! Lets Go Kobe!  Cant wait to see Rucker!
I may be going to LA on the 23rd. *Sigh* 
@SIX3INHEELS @iluvTERRICKA Sorry  April!!! But it was funny do u forgive me?!?!?! U know we got ur back from Boston to LA
Going back to LA! Too bad we'll miss the Laker game. Times like this I wish Chick Hearn was still on the radio. 
@ASHSTUHHLEY LOL  dude we should've gone to Yardhouse at @LA_Live or something ahaha. i guess in-n-out and plasma at home's not bad too
@U_Love_LA Here I am. It is true, being away from home makes you more fond of it. 
Entering a win a trip to see JB in LA comp like a million times. So won't win though 
@nigressence LOL! I respect the college football... I just want Orlando to win two... just two at this point... they cheat in LA 
@FOXLAAMYMURPHY alright!!!! That's what I'm talking bout it's east LA idk bout them being classy  good nite
@xsparkage There are sooo many good 18+ things going on in LA next weekend! Haven't found anything about any drag shows yet though 
@xzchief Sigh. And people wonder why I don't particularly care for LA. 
Apparently I'm not the only one in LA that follows @johncmayer. Paid 10 bucks for parking only to stand in line and be told it's sold out 
 leaving Cali! Heading to LA first.
@amypaffrath Damit I forgot to watch Kendra last night  So are you enjoying being back in LA ?
@johncmayer aw man that's awesome! Times like these I wish I was back in LA 
@shaundiviney DECEMBER! NOOOOOOO you cant, I'm gonna be in LA in december, I'll miss it 
@cindy_nyc eh--Im in LA @ the moment just flew in from Hawaii now going on to H-Town. Yuck 
forgot the LA Fitness #brighton is shut this week 
forgot the LA Fitness #brighton is shut this week  http://tinyurl.com/nqjwex
not having any luck finding cheap flights to LA from NYC.  Everything is over $400.  
@BHampton63 Thanks for the love. I'm missing LA 
Good morning back to work monday  but at list its not that cloudy in LA
feeling so sad that i need to leave LA  ... but happy that Lakers won the NBA championship
Oh, Look! The annual riot/fires are erupting in LA. 
on a somber note, this will be the first LA Lakers championship celebration without Chick Hearn. 
On the 5 north. Why is gas 3 effin 59?! I should've filled up in LA where it was 2.89.  What was I thinking 
well the verdict is in, LA Lakers are the new Champs 
Motherfuckr, I'm ill. Caught something in LA. 
trying to finish a million errands. Can't believe LA won  Kobe's head is gonna be bigger than it already is, urg!
@cryslewis Funny thing: I was going to fly and start a band w/certain songs pre-written in LA this summer. Then, funding was pulled. 
there's some song about marky and a pie coming from my computer. wtf, STOP! i'm trying to listen to lauren conrad explaining LA Candy 
@kateluvs23 oh my heavens I looooove that spot! Man I miss LA!!  http://myloc.me/3XVW
Dyrdek fantasy factory meeting went well. Heard Snoop showed. Wish I coulda made it out to LA in time... 
I wish I could be in LA for Lauren's Book Launch 
@KevinDuratn35 Too bad you're not in LA celebrating!  COME TO LA!
@Arubis how was grizzly bear? i would kill to see them live, but they're not coming to SD and both LA shows sold out 
What I dislike about fans? Damn vandal screwing LA's image across the world. &quot;watch us wreck our city!&quot; Bastards. 
@LA_Decostified I dont have cams w me  Just bberry no cam. Hmmm.
@RyanSeacrest And if I'm not in LA???  How can I listen?  
Wishin i was in LA for LC's book signing 
Where do you find the best drinks in LA (Downtown, WeHo, Hollywood, Westside)? Devon at Isla in WeHo was an ALCHEMIST! But now he's gone! 
I'm felling sad. My sis is going back to LA. I miss her already 
@JonathanRKnight jon u spell traffic the way I feel every morning, when I have to drive on the freeways in DOWNTOWN LA.  
Leaving LA today.... Didn't even get to see 1/2 the people I wanted too  bummer
i wish you could be here! ur the biggest LAKER FAN i know of // @LakerGirl1 I wish i could zap myself to LA. i feel left out  not fair.
is back from from Vegas and LA. No more vacations for a while for Maggie 
@djfido what up homie?!  How are things?  Missing LA and the Lakers parties.  Oh and by the way, I apparently cannot type. 
back from LA, and really sad that Alex has a fever 
listening to some SA. god how i miss those november saturdays in LA 
@cyantist You need to do a Zivity event in LA, I want to meet you. Shurie is suppose to come over later if she ever calls me back 
@J_Dillon i wish i was in LA 
@Ashley_Rey Thanks!!! I won't be able to make it out to LA. 
i wish I was n LA for the Lakers Parade 
Getting bed early for once long day tomorrow. Gym early, then LA.. Not for the laker parade though..Traffic is gonnna be epic 
@outwiter freezing my ass off today..  i wanna come LA with u.. can we leave Gabe behind and jus go party lol
Back from LA well 85% back damn I'm in my Obey tank and grey jeans and it looks cold as hell outside damn were not in SoCal anymore 
@aenrile FORM OVER FUNCTION is what this LA girl was fighting in NY. i only brought my nine wests and calvin kliens. my feet hurt soooo  
Tonight, I miss you LA.. 
For some reason ibwanna read LA Candy by lauren Conrad. I also wish I can go to the book signing in NYC 
is wishing i was going to be in LA w/ da fam for the LAKERS Parade  but I gotta stay on my grind .. operation: get out of san diego!! &lt;3
@Hartaj Be glad you're in Seattle. Freakin sun was glaring down on CA today 
Art Center assignment due in two weeks, Im feeling great about this one. But I can't find a decent printing shop here in LA 
Some laker fans are ghetto!  ppl smokin blunts while their kids r right in front of them. Smh! Really LA?!? @TBBF
i want to buy LA Candy and i want lauren to sign it but i cant go to NYC or other places because im going to south africa  sooo sad
on my ay to LA M.E.P.S. Things already lookin shady. 
Just landed in Flint, MI. The weather here is horrible!  I miss LA already!
@lukaswinn *wink* tehee but im on the west coast LA BABY! (*giggles) so thats 8 hours!!! Ive been to london once. it rained for a week 
I'm Bummed that I can't be at the LA Coliseum for the LAKERS Rally!  
56 days till i'm back in NOLA again 
Susie Suh wrote to me inviting me to her show in LA, she even offered to put me on her list! So bummed I can't make it 
@shargurl I know  they predict that there will about 100,000 extra Laker Fanatics in Downtown LA area.  Crazy!
Good morning people! Wishing I was in LA @ the Lakers parade but alas I am working on floor plans. 
Traffic is bad in downtown LA CRAZY! CRAZY! Go Lakers, but go home! 
Watching the parade streaming on Fox LA so sad I can't make it this year 
Does NEone in the LA area want a lil black kitten? I found him running around outside, he's super sweet. Please? I can't keep him 
Does NEone in the LA area want a lil black kitten? I found him running around outside, he's super sweet. Please? I can't keep him 
wishing i was in LA at the Lakers parade 
On my way to downtown LA. Mann i hope i dont get stuck in traffic and gotta park far as heck again :-/ wishful thinkin...i know 
just got into the office from LA Live Lakers parade and celebration, woohoo! ...now I have to work 
it's too bad me and my sister don't live together anymore. she lives all the way in Long Beach , and I live in LA  lol
wishing she was at the LA LAKER PARADE 
@MeganThompson sweet..i'm in. one thing tho..gotta be based in LA ? I'm a continent away in ireland 
...@solangeknowles is in the booth...like POOF! lol... @lalavasquez when u comin back to the H?? or do i needa just break down and do LA? 
wish i was in LA for the Laker parade 
@Broncoholic I know I don't miss it! Were I in LA, I wouldn't be able to go home for lunch to see my gurls 
@SamiaKhan sure all you will have to do is plug it into your computer and iTunes will handle the rest.  No LA this weekend 
Beasted the workout at Club LA Fitness but now I hurt too bad to get out of the car.  Somebody help me.
Finally Home in LA for a night thn its off to Vegas 2morrow. I'm not excited about it, I have 2 go 2 the coroners office for a dui class 
Wow!!!! A lot of ppl in Downtown LA!!! Missed it!! Couldn't get off from work!!!! 
on the Amtrak from LA to Solana Beach... it's going to be a late one 
Me no likey LA....  and when I leave I come back on the 26th-through the 3rd b4 my Eur trip!!!! Jeez send me back to Scottsdale/Phx AZ ...
@hot2definc lol.  .. I went back to school and received a DUI so I had to move back out here for a min. In LA on the weekends.
Going to bed  missing Atlanta but loving LA.....
I had a nice quiet evening tonight with Jeff, since he's leaving to LA for 4 days  boo.
Goodbye LA; hello very long day. 
Damn, just woke up &amp; found out we lost another soulja in this war of LA. R.I.P Marquis Jackson. We go miss you bro! 
@RunwayDaily seems signings r only in LA, Texas&amp; NY 
@kevincrane Good 2 hear...I'm good...hatin on LA right now cause ya'll got nice, sunny warmth and it is raining like crazzzzyyy in NY 
Ahh! Paper planes is playin and it makin me more homesick!! I miss ma TIU-LA bitches!! 
Spanish homework! boo. I NEED to buy LA Candy, but everywhere is sold out! ugh! 
18 days 16 hours and 43 minutes until I leave LA  Shit! I have so much to do before then...
@DAEONE ok, so i think i have 2 eat something healthier than wing stop  any place to get a good salad in Inglewood??
@DAEONE @DAEONE ok, so i think i have 2 eat something healthier than wing stop  any place to get a good salad in Inglewood??
@JessicaGottlieb I'm already in Brooklyn for an event  Will prob fall asleep in my beer. Perhaps you'll motivate me to see LA firsthand
My cousin is on her way from LA - only her second flight ever. Poor thing is delayed because of the rain.  Not getting in until 2 a.m. 
whhhy!!!! ugh! starting to regret leaving LA...i cuda had a dude, seen jamie foxx n steph jones at a starbucks and b at the grove 2 c MH! 
Wishing I was in LA so I could go see The Comedians of Chelsea Lately (http://tiny.cc/d97ao) next week. 
LA plane delayed - waiting in Sydney for 7 hours now 
Ugh. I can't watch Nomar playing for the A's.... Too painful, he needs to be back in LA 
@kevinswancom thx Kev. But I'm not in LA tonight. 
@cosmicb FUCK, I'm filled with sushi, drunk on sake, and naked in bed. NONE of these things make for me heading to LA.  I haz sad face.
#inaperfectworld have my parents together I live in LA close to my bffs! but in my real world my parents r divorced I live in Argentina 
@Chip_Buddy Not great news - the LA put all their money in the Icelandic banks so it looks like they'll not be able to fund our choice 
Been on the road for 7 hours and were still not in LA. And now there is traffic so 4 lanes into 2 lanes, slower trip. Ugggh 
Freeway home is closed  idk the streets n S. LA LOL great
@PerezHilton there r a lot of cabs like that in LA. I took 1 once frm Sunset 2 Hollywood&amp;Highland and it smelled wtih a hole in the floor 
It's 1:53pm in jerusalem, 3:53am in LA, and 6:53am in NY HMmmmmm..... and nothing yet on the 3.0 JB  Aaaaahhhhhhhh LoL
@kimpinaintez - LA; ive never performed in OC before   are you a fan?
applied for a job in LA but nervous cuz Ill be out there by myself 
@VirginAmerica why don't you fly from LA to LAS? I don't want to be in the sky with anyone else but you!!! 
Wishing they had irons at LA Fitness   oh well...
Yo wassup people...gonna be a HOT day in LA today!!!!! Was supposed to be looking at my future apt 2day but had to reschedule 
@Malena_Gamboa  yep, no LA for me this weekend   i'm telling ya, unless i have a full-throttle runway, i seem to be stuck on the TX tarmac
@TheRealMrRiley how come the cutest/funniest girl in LA didn't make the cut of ur FF list  lol
@mimi_style I had a feeling you'd vote NYC, but I can totally see @AyeEmTee as an LA girl. Sorry  You can still have me!
I miss my niggas in N.O..... Daron come back to LA 
@PrinceSammie awww  it will be okay. they lost my bags goin to LA and they lost them for 2 weeks.. they were at the Charlotte airport. :-/
@loganX2 Oooo the fun times of living in GA! I miss LA for you Logan 
@RawLa btw bro, I think I'm becoming an LA Sports fan 
Follow @MzRaYrAe because she's having pinkberry withdrawls  LMAO..I swear this obsession with yogurt and sushi is an LA thing..SMH
I wanna be in LA  I'm missing out on so much...
@simplytiaja what u need to do is get out of the Bay and move to LA dammit!! I need some Tiajmahal in my life 
Packing for LA! Excited, but sad. 
@Doug1022 Thanks! but I cant go unless someone wants to go with me to LA :'( 
@SLessard I got it too. Wish I had got LA Greek tickets too   Film on the phone and upload for fans
@mayhemstudios Well still trying to get to LA. The recession sucked me dry. I had to cancel my last class  To many schools here in Seattle
@lanisim  Boo!!! That's sucks! I want you to come hang in LA! Disneyland, hollywood, the beach! You guys would love!
Oh LA, I'm so disappointed in you  I expected this from CPK, but not from you. You've just been kicked off the Fantasy Island.
I'm back from the tragic AZ bars.  Miss LA, but I'm really worried about my mother. 
just got some new fone and the texts from everyone are stuck in the old one  FUCK LA.
@cwlaforet I'm not at work! Horray a weekend off and I'm at home  kindof bitter sweet wish I was in Shreveport but the pool will do
@IamKostova September 1st! You better come visit... I wish LA were closer 
i wish i lived in LA i could go to the FSAS thing 
Great weather here in LA...NOT! So much for my day at the beach. 
Wow, its raining AGAIN in LA. Its not even worth to wash ur car these days.  
Going watch The Proposal with Claire. Cloudy day in LA! 
@maestromarlin awww I'll be in LA and TN  Maybe next time.
And of course the sun starts peeking out just as I'm leaving LA  Must come back soon. But next time I'm renting a car!!
 I'm about to turn down a great job offer in LA. Raise, paid for accomodations, rental car, weekly expenses paid...I have my reasons.
@meln4 Don't be sad   Are you going to any of the LA area shows?
@kassimosgood Should have stayed in SD. LA's weather was worse. I was up there too  Where you chill up there?
Nice day is SD, even though it was gloomy. Now back to LA, ahhh home sweet home. p.s. my throat hurts. I'm trying not to get sick 
@NEsugarlandfan agh...it's the worst Blair. it'll be a year in November and who know when they're coming back down to LA 
went to borders to get @LaurenConrad 's new book &quot;LA Candy&quot; but they didn't have it.  i'll just order it off amazon or something
So bored! I'm car-less in the big, bad city  Wish me and our LA fans could all have a party in my hotel room right now.
@JaylaStarr Booooo!  LOL! So where in LA is the show? Staples Center?
As a teen Zak Spears was my fantasy man... tonight he is just another haggard LA bartender. 
Potentially going to miss my connection.  Worse comes to worse I spend an extra day in LA.  I hope I still have a job 
@J_Logic we finished the nutella 4 breakfast   *wishes I was in LA*
@anng7630 but I don't know how to bring LA sunshine to sydney...  http://myloc.me/4Po8
Moving to LA today. Goodbye everybody! 
Having bad cramps  Anyway, had lots of fun today with CA, LA &amp; KT!
Just got the news that Tina is moving to LA in 5 weeks 
last few days in LA before flight back to the great weather in Sydney 
Bleh, more than a month until I move out to LA and I'm already sick of moving 
@Etsy the LA MeetUp is on the same day as Renegade's first day -- is that on purpose? 
@Etsy Now you're going to LA?  I'm not there anymore! Please........come to Austin!
@dividepictures Will there be any east coast releases? I can't get my AZ people to drive to LA for this one like they did for REST 
Sarah says i cant find a man in LA cuz i know everybody! DAMN 
@Naxos: I am ashamed to admit that, despite living in LA, I can't read Spanish so well. Reading proficiency only in French &amp; English 
@keelywhitmer     Sorry I didn't get to see you before you left...  r u coming bk to LA before Miami or will I see you after Europe?  lol!
@jessdavisuk im so jealous!!! you're going to LA and I'm stuck in an office with Mel  xx
@LA_Bunny I know, I wish we had more Vegas pics 
I feel like Samantha when she was living in LA with Smith. I'm going crazy without my bffs in Memphis 
Why does Pinkberry decide to introduce a passionfruit flavor after I've left LA? So not fair...  http://bit.ly/hHkvH
weird we're both at LA FITNESS (different cities though)  -----&gt;C.Renee
Bet awards got tha LA flights lookin stoopid! ...fucked my plans up no doubt 
back from SM beach. hopefully i'm tanner...last day in LA 
ugh so wish i could leslie  4 days then headed to LA !!! (cant wait dont get me wrong im loving New York City but LA fits my personailty!)
Wooo finally out of LA franchise tax board office... now to get back to westside from downtown 
wants some new kicks for EDC but no more girl sneaker shops in LA 
back to reality  and this shitty car...but very soon we will be LIVING in LA (with a better car!)
@nikrichie AZ has - no earthquakes, no wildfires burning down our hoods (sorry Prescott) and....oh yeah....no beach  time to move to SD/LA
@LA_Decostified did the Redbox survey, got the code... And it didn't work! 
@NICOLII LOL, he's in miami for a film festival, then off to LA. i miss him, goin through SERIOUS withdrawl!!! 
I don't like Conan being in LA. I've always wanted to bump into him on the street 
ugghhhh i dont wanna live in Columbia!!!  i want to stay here and then LA!
@teenystweeting - the only freaking Sonic in all of LA is in IRVINE! Totally agree Sonic commercials should not be aired here. 
@Pl0ve you need to get away from there I need to be there lol .. I love LA and I've never been 
OMFG the freaking LA Times office is an 11 minute walk from my office!!!!!! I shoulda gone there on my lunch break &amp; stalked Kradammm FML 
Woke up , I miss LA 
damn i wish i was in LA i wanna be at da BET awards this weekend...damn damn damn 
Jus dropped my boo off  gone for a week for the BET Awards and studio n LA. Workin hard
@dajbelshaw Have been bitten with custom blocks before  Oh, and the LA is apparently about to buy a different LP regardless
I rlly miss LA  .Missin Santa monica beach,bloomings@Sherman oaks,Glendale,AMC Burbank,sushi @Pasadena,old frnds n the trffic along fwy 5
About to go and see The Hangover. I miss LA 
Off to LA! 2 auditions today, 2 tomorrey. Grrr for the long drive though 
@THE_REAL_SHAQ Can't wait for next season, Win that next championship in Cleveland! Not the same since you left LA   But Cleveland rocks.
What is not to hate about LA traffic! Seriously 
@thomasaugusto Aww, Karaoke makes me miss LA  That was just too much funnn!
Went to Calgary with some of the lads (Gaspar had to sit in the boot  ) to watch the Flames versus LA Kings. Calgary won 4-1. Nice night.
@Tammi_LA Not for work...just for personal fulfillment!  I'll call/msg you tomorrow, maybe we can work something out!?
@MandyyJirouxx how r u??  how's the weather in LA?? Vienna is awesome  xx
http://twitpic.com/2y8z8 - Sophia (me) at my mums flat in LA  like.. 11 months ago
Some of my poems from DESAYUNO EN LA CAMA will be translated into Ukranian!  For an anthology project coming out this fall.
@MsUnreliable Yr right! could really see that w/ his chuminess w/ Eisner. Truly LA's old boys club. Didnt need Trump. good to be king. 
@MalouBlom Ok I'm in Poitiers now at my moms, I'll be in Paris tomorrow, and in LA the day after... When do I see u? Back on may 9th 
@kendrak As in the LA punk band?!?  Good call if so!  
@IChooseIndy Sorry dude. I meant it's sunny, 70s &amp; clear skies from here on out! Indiana is totally the new LA. 
Loving LA! The people, the sunshine, the fOoood! Lobing the good energy  Might have to move down this way soon...
On our way home from NOLA - had a great day together  I love my little family!!!
Fuddruckers in Lakewood by south street. Only one in LA I believe. Oh never mind  what did you do in AZ?
@RiskyBusinessMB I wish i could've gone! but alas i live in LA.  i DID go to the HOB show last month though. you boys are truly brilliant.
@JordanKnight you staying in LA? I've got a Live Autograph from you coming soon I hope 
@babygirlparis Party babyyyyy! I'm jelous. Lets party when you're back in LA 
justt got home from Cali  I miss it there so muchh! LA was AMAZING! Today i got off the plane &amp;+ was like where are the palm trees ? lmaoo
@erniehalter welcome back to LA  Congrats on shout out!  Looking forward to your residency at HC!
I LOVE LA TODAY  stoney choons n dank alllllll dae- boh.
bought WILCO tix for june 20th in pomona!  LA goes onsale this coming wednesday... gotta get 'em all 
@DonnieWahlberg What happened to the Celtics? =(  I'm glad I'm an LA girl!   Utah's going DOWN!
wow, LA. Make up your mind: cold and then hot. I hope you choose hot. I'm enjoying the SoCal weather today. 
88 degrees in Downtown LA and I'm headed out to chill by my beautiful pool.  Who wants to join me 
Im in LA missing my Electrik Red biatches... ...glad you had a good show ladies! 
@Pamelanderson Hi there how are you this morning, save me some sunshine I'm coming back to LA 
@Nataloran awww that's wonderful, for u and ur son smooth sailing. Yes it's rainning here but in the 90's in LA yesterday take me away 
@UhhhLidia He just did Coachella, close enough to LA 
@monicaguiti Well, I'm out here for rehearsals. I wish I were in LA though, the weather seems so nice out there right now. 
@wfaaizzy Miss seeing you here in NM....&quot;Ya'll&quot; became part of my regular vocabulary after living in LA &amp; TX.  
You got your feet in LA, but your mind's in Tennessee. 
@chriscornell What does a French Ghost Say?  Boo LA LA?          Snort.  
Just landed in LA   Wolverine @ 11:30!!
@GAMEVIL I'm located in LA. Do a great job (looks fantastic btw) and I'll deliver a pizza or something. 
back from the LA OFFICE summit in Laguna!  had a blast.  WOW -so many fab new friends from the entertainment/consumer marketing world!  
@officialnjonas OMJ, I missed you guys so much!! Can't believe you're back in LA, YAY!! Who are you gonna wach the JONAS premier with? 
@JediMistySpice I got your package!!! OMG thank you soooo much  I now want even more to get to LA and go to the zoo w/you!
@macpowell You can bowl past midnige in LA? Wow, in central Calif we roll up the sidewalks at 10:00! 
@PerezHilton Wheres the hot dog perez, you gonna check me out the 15th at MJ's for my LA debut 
had a good day, MCC, ikea  pretty exhaysted. hoping murty is having a great trip and gets some sleep on the way to LA.
@Mig177 I'm going to LA to work 
Still haven't slept. At Mobile regional airport about 2 board 2 LA. Plan on sleepin in the plane the whole way there 2 make the time fly 
@Lylagirl I don't think Lakers will give Hou. 2 games. I say Lakers in 5. If Artest pisses KB off w/ his stupidity then I say LA in 4 
Shopping at The Grove...it's packed! LA weather is gorgeous today 
So great to see everyone in Toronto!! I'm ready to go back to LA now 
@bentonpaul I would, but I've never been to LA. You should come to Minnesota, and I could help you out! 
its goin down tonight at  24K Lounge in LA!!!  ya girl is performing...!!  
@emalea Ahhh, the lovely parting gifts from LA.  It's probably a smog cough, that crap lingers forever.
@hughashton i am an evil herbivore... wuahahahahahaha....  went to LA to see Sexie several years back, that was fun. 
@JOJO1124 yes i know. something to get while we're in LA 
@AlexPachecoIs  http://tinyurl.com/ckobwm - you can get your ticket for Razia's Shadow in LA here 
At LA Fitness, at work right now.....pretty busy morning 
@mfeige Thanks! I'm going to the Laker game tonight. Sec 108. I LOVE LA! 
@deiu you guys are moving to LA?! Why so far? But we shall make a castle before you leave! 
@taylorswift13 TAYLOR! are you back in Nashville now..or LA? well, how was your trip? did ya have fun? love ya girly! 
@smiley49 I did the same thing in NOLA 
great reason!! @Karuna: &quot;I'll be there  @rkmonkey: &quot;trying to find an excuse to go to LA for 5/22 show @mello... ? http://blip.fm/~5z0dc
@shinytoyguns you guys ROCKED IT tonight in LA!! Love ya guys and cab wait to see another awesome show soon 
had a great weekend!! learned how to dance LA SALSA  Super nice
@ZooeyDe Nice to see you on twitter... enjoy family time   If you ever consider hiring a vibraphone player for LA gigs, think of me 
Heading back to LA from Santa Cruz!  But looking forward to Vegas next weekend! 
@danlev Just stay in LA for an extra week or two this summer so I can come visit.  When is BlizzCon?
@OGBERRY Just wanted to say hey, I won that dance contest with you in NYC  Moving to LA in July....Hope all is well!
@Blue_Note23 you're gunna be in LA why? fer how long?? 
Tweeple, please welcome ... from the sleepy, little town of LA  ... @HoNeY_BiRD
@frozenblueeyes  wow, I've been to USA for some times. NY, LA, SF, and TX. Everything was interesting for Japanese 
@LA_Hwang a big fan of the Burberry are we? 
This is the 2nd the WeHo firefighters were at my building in the past 2 days for no reason, come back 
Thanks @KROQ for a great show! To those in LA come to High Voltage @theviperroom tomorrow for more good times 
@timee1989 Yes, I'm in LA!  I'm coming back tomorrow night.
@buffalo_escort but I am on the road in LA, CA not Florida 
@misskat802 First weekend in LA in a feeeew weeks 
LA based foodies flock to Twittering Korean fast food trucks. @WildPeeta's up there wid da best of 'em! http://twurl.nl/h3m5qz
Time to return home, flying back to Tucson tomorrow. Goodnight LA 
if you like 60s rock and are from LA please enjoy the band Love  violent drunk hippies also welcome
But im catching a night flight back home to LA later. Hurrah! 
Heading to the airport to meet @jeffdauler &amp; Jenn Hobby to head to LA for American Idol! Checking a bag..pray it makes it. 
Victoria Day tomorrow. Im so excited because im going to a carnival with my cousin that I havnt seen since I went on vacation  to LA! 
Getting ready to go to SF. Thank you for another day  Please keep us safe in our journey  Fun times in LA!
From Paris with love:  Can the Rockets pull off the &quot;impossible&quot; today?  Ah well...just show some heart to those LA softies 
Flying up to SFO to bring the NY Mets to LA ~ I'm their charter flight attendant 
MAC workshop in LA w/sister!! 
anyone have a Google Voice/Grand Central # they want to give me? Preferably one with a NYC, LA or SF area code  #thingsiknowiwontget
@LA_Decostified Put on a ragin' party to thank all the people that have made the blog successful...without readers, a blog ain't nothin!  
Juuuust got home from a 2 night camping trip , so much fun  Out to watch the Lakers game later tonight . Ohhh LA better win !
@PopVoxx Oh I will be in LA very very soon, most likely for good! I miss my city! 
On the phone with @garazi &amp; he says, &quot;Earthquake.&quot; Guess LA had a little shaky thing. 
How was that adrenaline rush? Nice little earthquake in LA !!! Hope everyone is ok 
@ChicaJones - yes, I'm still here. No harm done in earthquake - I grew up in Florida with hurricanes - now onto LA with earthquakes 
I love LA!  That's why I live here, because of the quakes??  
Earthquake on the second day on LA. Somehow I just ended up at a gay bar... Good thing I'm with two ladies!!! 
@yraglau I'm leaving next week to LA, then HK... i promise to come visit u all at UCSF  Oh! and your graduation reception OKay?
@_annie2 i'll be only going to the LA one. So i'll be seeing u then 
@taylorswift13 Hope you enjoy LA and have an awesome concert! 
@mariqueen for you to know, and probably this will be read by the rest of WIG, tomorrow I'll air To Die in LA in my radio show... 
@Andpls Going to go see you guys tomorrow in LA! Can't wait! 
@ozsultan Ummm..I don't recognize those as Dallas locales? Are you thinking I am in LA? 
@SaraLHValo earthquake in LA area I hear....on Twitter 
part of the song sings!  Plus....come on! You gotta LOVE LA!
part of the song sings!  Plus....come on! You gotta LOVE LA!
Left bardot. Now were at the body shop in LA  present for my boy
@David__King thanks david for the offer, I live in Melbourne,but I'm coming to LA in September. Maybe lunch when I visit? 
Shoppin with the girls later     LA. 4days argghhhh can't wait!!       Is it just me or is twiitter really addictive lol???
@richcruse Hey buudy!  Zoot contacted me!  You ROCK!!!!  I'm contacting LA Marathon about your credentials today 
@rileyvann Thank you! Seems to be working great! Took the photo in downtown LA. 
@LA_PEARLA hmmmm....maybe I pelt it wrong, but yeah. Chop some up 
As an Australian, just which team should I support in the LFL ... SD or LA, I need help to decide, both teams look good! 
Has been offered a soccer scholership to play for the womens team in a college in LA!  Thank you america for giving me the chance 
In Covington LA  working 
christmas is soon  hehe well 220 days but DECK THE HALLS WITH BOUGHS OF HOLLY FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LAAAAAAAA
@sallyspicey We are fine here in LA after the skake up, Spicy. Thanks for checking on us! 
Last night's earthquake in LA was 4.7 mag. I guessed 4.6. The 5th I've noticed in 8 yrs. Still better than weather in MN where I'm from 
@Jaicenia lol yeh it began when I woke up in LA..aaahhh! Whatever..same to u 
@brahadley My car iis here with me in LA  I rent when I go back to Port Perry
@TiffanyLD Yes, I am going this weekend. All I have is a Macy's and it's not till next week so I am driving to LA instead. 
@kylieireland Are U becoming a homeless person in LA? That list makes it seems so  I was nice to see you in flesh for 5 seconds  love ya
Damn just got woken up by a conference call from my boys in LA and Philly. Dudes are crazy! Looks like I'm going to LA soon  yay!
@taalz nice - I left LA last November though 
As soon as my LA Kings jersey came from the US, it was on my back . Will be looking forward to buying my new Kings jersey for 2009-10 
On the plane headed to LA. Can't wait to get there. 
Morning Everyone!!  Gorgeous Jersey Day, 2 days till I fly out to LA  Lot's to do...
I am making my flight so LA here i come! Wow its been an insane 2 weeks of madness! Haha! Im so hungover and gross right now!  Rockstar!
@marcusfoster1 : I hope to see you in LA!!! And, a song that makes kississaknife sound like Mary Poppins?! I really want to hear that! 
Just landed in LA.. Found out cavs lost. Wtf Lebron!!? No one has MVP status like my baby kobe  can't wait for the game tomorrow
@spidermanray where u at-you have a LA VIC'S too ohhhhh man best tocos in the entire universe 
@yokoono I saw some of John's wonderful drawings recently in a small shop in Little Tokyo in LA, peace 
@JackiRChan Yes!  LA PRIDE here we come! haha!  If its anything like last year we'll be chuggin bartenders bottles and gettin free shots! 
@iamQuddus hiya...  i got a place in LA! IM at Alvardo &amp; 6 
right at 504 followers at the moment.... luvin' me some NOLA  #synergy
tomorrow night ESPN LA better send DEN packing lol will be wishing my boy Kobe a hella game!! 
@SkitzsoDaDoc chillin in TN a few more days...Miami IS def the best place 2 return 2 after traveling, right?  ~u in LA?
@skibumbrian777 I will be heading to LA in late July...I am so excited! Never been to Cali before except Lake Tahoe 
@chadrogers1 interesting... it's hard to tell who is real on these things.  You had about 100 tweets under Malibu today btw. 
GOING CLUBBIN' IN LA! ..w00t for rosi's birffday  24 hours ;D
Perk of being your own boss? Being able to extend your vacation for however long you want. Finally heading back to LA tomorrow morning 
@bfmvofficial Ha, I will be in LA too in a couple of day -- not to record my new album, but just to sort of hang out.  
@cha_rade oh no the economy gotcha?  sorry but so happy that you got another one in LA!  Enjoy SoCal! Ahahaay! LOL
i am leaving to LA at 4am and i havent even fallen to sleep yet FUCK IT ill sleep on the ride down there lol 
@Alexandramusic morning Alex! The weather in in Wales is AMAZING today. How is LA? 
@SexyKellyC west TX for now.. then possibly LA. 
