Most common words for this cluster:
[('lady', 140), ('lol', 138), ('amp', 115), ('mom', 96), ('mum', 90), ('man', 77), ('dad', 74), ('dear', 70), ('u', 69), ('sister', 66), ('http', 66), ('com', 63)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'jennajameson_@', 0.7629786133766174), (u'leannrimes_@', 0.7572555541992188), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7475419640541077), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.7400562763214111), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.73943692445755), (u'Tonight_Vanish', 0.738820493221283), (u'cup_overfloweth', 0.7375423908233643), (u'unconditional_Cam_Newton', 0.7319866418838501), (u'KhloeKardashian_@', 0.731963038444519), (u'dear_madam', 0.7308092713356018)]





ugh horrible ending to the sandra kantu story  prayers go out.
@vernonhamilton You're a stranger   
A king sized bed is nice but sad and lonely with no hubby, puppy, or kitty   I am over this whole conferenceing thing.
@mattpro13 legitimately good cops out there 
Still feel feckin arseholed...a sign of old age me thinks 
Blazing row with boy. Tantrums all round. Missed train and now standing on platform feeling guilty 
@moony394 i think i will be even more in denial after i watch 
@moony394 *huggggs* i'm glad you're here to help me through this  he was my favourite character. the white house sucks for stealing him 
Is not a happy chappy.... 
wish i was going to melbourne this wkend for harlot house at tramp! 
is a single lady 
@Tamarzipan dunno...just my mums card...my mum didnt buy me it.... 
@shirohiro mama bear i miss you 
Cases like sandra cantu break my heart... Also the reason I'm uber protective of my girls 
@lucky_gift yay! she's not a bitch, just flaky 
is feeling coldy, yucky and gross...i need nursing and cuddles 
why is it so cold?  my old lady knees do not like this jazz
just burnt her breakfast.  but i ate it anyway, bcuz i was hungry. tramp.
a woman cannot survive on toast and cheesy wotsits alone 
Cooking pot roast in the slow cooker, helping with school work, changing a diaper, cleaning and being fat and prego..lol! No rest for mom 
i had an awesome dream last night, i had the cutest little boy in the world. now i wanna be a dad  
@MCRmuffin I am so sorry  god i'd love to talk to you honey. similar things with my family 
my baby boo, love of my lfe, best friend evar is finally tweeting.  or twatting.    @victoriazombie
girls no naughty things for me tonite.. i can not be a tigress  since hubby fell a sleep on the couch b/c of boredom
I miss sekhar uncle working in that cake factory thing 
's cake has sunk  so off to learn more database theory in the sun and forget about attempts at domestic-goddess-ity...
cursing consciousness, then catering....uhm, with my mom. I was hoping for some alliteration. 
@mburtis Right around 6 months. So she's a super-cute angel in the daytime -- nighttime (lately) turns her into a scream factory. 
@annkeelerevans not me - it was @cindyscott54  who is the granny - I'll be in my 80's before that happens for me 
omg adorable kid reading about cosmology. i can wait 5 years for you to grow up 
is not a fan of rollercoasters... when is comes to relationships 
feels like shes been through the wars and I've only been to work mann my head and feet cane. 
lonely. i want to crawl into bed with my teddy and mope 
daddy cuddle abandoned in favour of mummy cuddle. No significant improvement in amount of upset yet 
@charley_farley i really want to see them filming it! i love hathaway, and my mum mocks me because she thinks fox is really weird 
laying in bed just got home from seeing monsters vs aliens. theres a beautiful boy in my living room but his biatch of a gf is here  ugh
@lizzeann gentle ((huggs))...sorry, sweetie  
turns out the dancing was result of artist seeing article about homeless guy getting shot.  i felt really small 
Not enuf sunday  jazz club, dad, morose-looking upholstery guy [we're getting to be an item at this rate].....
My chick has to take care of her daughter tonight. No loving for me 
@swedeepea thx friend. I wasn't going to play butler to her anyway. She's had another rough teenage nite  These girls r complety twisted!!
there's an ambulance next door - a little old lady lives there by herself, oh noes 
in odd saddened state of shock, grandpa passed away 
The doctor said i had a chrysanthemum in my pee pee! thats what i get for waking up next to a woman  http://www.bobtrusty.com
@yogini75 I bought a puppy mill people and didn't know it years ago and he as so sick and died at 7 yrs old 
Too bad I don't give out my number anymore could of had a cutie 
@mapey Think my fave #f1 driver will win (touch wood) but my fave team is pretty much out of it 
so so so cold  someone bring me a nice blanket... or an oversized jacket... or a cuddle... or a freaking bonfire!
Ma'am. I don't have any  but I can totally take sum
1st merrie monarch i've missed, live, since 1991--bummer 
3yo with the pox is running round garden like a loon.  I have the most sore throat ever and feel like death, boo 
@McJayxo Woooooooooo hoooooooooooo... if only this was reall 
happy that i missed coronor's bringin out a nice old lady's body who lived near my dad. she died all on her own 
@Beverleyknight oh fair enough. u were makin hot music instead! ;-). my boyfriend had a spare seat, but I had the worst headache. 
hate media work  so depressing. the anti mother is getting me through it though!
@bettsybuns you have been a very busy lady. I am a lazy slob. 
my mom out a restraining order between me and the toaster 
the homeless man at the redlight stared straight in my eyes as I ate my breakfast. I feel like poo  I wish I could help.
my dear MickyInTheSky even if i know yo nick i cant find u i dont no why! waiting 4 u to find me 
wow, i thought i was cool because i got a follower. well it was a sex toy shop just advertising. i guess i'm not as cool as i thought 
@venkateshkumar shopping with relatives to get a saree is not interesting dude... its highly frustrating..  
@Moonshayde s/he'd have to be this teeny weak frail old lady type like me to fit into mine. 
@intelligensia You'll have to kiss the warranty goodbye now! 
Newspapers may be extinct but magazines will stick around.I know I'm not the only person who loves to flip thru em. I miss domino tho 
certifiable madman @ service 2day held me hostage w/his demonic insanity &amp; neediness. my nerves are *fried*. i feel no love, only fear 
Out of lucky charms 
marc cherry made a big mistake killing off edie on desperate housewives...nicolette sheridan...u will be missed 
@Suhneee13 no slumdog millionaire isn't on there. 
met a seriously hawt new zealander at the lake today...so sexy and a killer kisser...ended up unintentionally pissing someone off 
@iGrace ooh neat (except for the washing clothes part). ur in a hostel! which one?? I miss hostel life 
@RayRay_Sodmg qood morninq ! Today's school 
@mrskutcher how about mistreated/underpaid/unpaid maids/helpers? there sure is a lot of injustice in the world. we need social justice! 
@aplusk maybe acorn can look after homeland security like it will the census. 
@nut_cookie I hope so  ugh but I'm pissed about some user who posts a lot of pictures, some of them are kinda nsfw &amp; mama kang-mom is here
I would have still been in bed if my dad hadnt rung me at half 8.. ... urgh i need to get out of this mood 
@suchducks Yes, and I'm afraid that I can't stop watching vlog brothers. I wish my brotherhood was that cool. 
@danishk i am a busy soul 
@stephenfry that's very sad. No lollipop? What kind of monster dentist do you have?!?!? 
... Taking care of my sweetie who isn't feeling good. 
@imsiouxz those puppy millers will keep trainers in biz for a long time  best of luck, patience &amp; cheese with your boy
oh man, i so don't want to open outlook right now, maybe i'll install this update it's asking for? vacation = over 
@mmeloche: no worries, there's not really a rush. just let me know. also, very sorry to hear about your grandma 
My booboo  http://short.to/55of
@Lmphotos it was about child porn and columbine and not fun happy things!  I like the happier epi's
@diabay when I was a kid I could drink milk like nothing but as an adult lucky charms just aint the same no more 
is a sad panda  not even our awesome in-house technician could fix my ipod
@figuromo stuck already - oh dear 
Hmmph, I need a new digital camera 
@aunt_bunny whats wrong? 
So where is my prince charming 
mum laughed at my wig 
is missing my prince!! 
Is no longer daydreaming about anything as she has a puppy wee and a pigsty of a kitchen to clear up. 
i always wake up, craving these juice boxes my mom buys my brother for school. but this time she bought kool aid jammers.  ....
eating a snickers on my sisters with her and watching first sunday. stomach is kinda hurting 
@RealHughJackman just wanted to join the 'i loved wolverine!!!' club. i was just disappointed by how early dom monaghan died  haha
@sarahvip down syndrome chick bailed on me  i was so bored.. lol
Latest tonite from inlaw's husband who's currently in a heavily-swine-flu-infected area: locals have no idea there's any problem at all. 
alyssa, you made my couch smell like old lady 
word son @nolex I feel u.. I'm sooo cold  &amp; this damn dog getting on my nerves
After readin hatz94's comment, i can't stop thinkin bout the recent school fight my friend got into... smashed his glasses... 
Wooow all my sibs passed out before slumdog millionaire was over 
Lievekeeeeeeeeeeee, I need your poem back  where are the good ol' days gone? *crumples up in a ball*
@SweetCandiesXXX and if your cams arson rude you are supporting piracy 
watched some more planet earth with my dad. the ice worlds episode has super sad moments. poor polar bears and baby penguins 
@autism_hub sad about that 4 yr old 
@hazel_joy unfortunately I'm still not well enough to go tot the cinema 
@kiannabanks gosh sorry for tryna be good enough  my good looks and charm can only get me so far....ugh i need age too lol.....
I don't have a place to do a garage sale  sad face mcgee.
Hangover from hell  drunk far too much red wine and suffering, though sat next to royalty which is some excuse, wouldn't let me twitpic
Cleaning up....dishes &amp; sweeping never seem to end  oh and did i mention a basket full of child clothes to wash...ugh
@Tanman4591 you went and didnt invite me  thats not nice tanner
@vonIrrwegen yeah I know, cheers back! so, how is her majesty the queen I heard about the accident 
@omgitsxliss my younger bro's. and then my other older bro has one. 
@raulzahir the hairdresser said no  but it's effin bright...
is in love with the most beautiful girl in the world and plans on doing everything to get her back  @_gemma
on babysitting duties  why oh why do i volunteer myself fot this torture????
listing to my i-pod and i slept o my neck wrong so it hurts now which means i cant go swimming with my mom now  and im so bored right now
Finally got hold of moon river blush! sold out in my mac store, shame i have to wait for my birthday  also got sweet lust eyeshadow !
parents are car shopping..hmm, when they have a 15 year old daughter who could they be shopping for...no such luck, its for mi madre  lol
@zoeinbrussels It is a very frightening new era of the parenthood lark and not sure I am coping v well 
finally home....my aunts dog sophie just got put down cause the cancer spread 
I am sitting next to an old lady who smells like vitamins and ass. The theater is more full now and there are no places to move. 
Aw, i just saw a hobo 
:'( I have this huge mother fuckin' zip right above my lip.  It hurts 
rob pat gay kissing scene made my cry.. 
@SherriEShepherd the maid pays off though. believe me!!! althought onetime we had this one and i KNOW she stole some of my jewerly 
@SuperCricket Lying liar what lies  your lies make me cry. tears of despair.
An elderly man came into the shop just now and his clothes were still under his wifes name who died recently.  Cherish your loved ones..
Man... seeing all these tweets from everyone at @dasro_kast's wedding... while the occasion is  I'm all   I'm there in spirit, really!
Just left casino and hitting the sack since my bf is a sleepy head. no fun for me 
had trouble with my background so now i have these lame Chinese fish 
@lady_ransom i've got insomnia too. sucks when nothing good is on tv.  
@kaleyanderson what! Where are y'all? What are y'all crazies doing?! Wish I was with you two but instead I just left the library 
@gazsherman aww no  *hugs* thats it.. we are all moving to a desert island somewhere, inhabited by beefy men who'll look after us 
And its raining yet again!...times like these I miss my human pillows  aka designated cuddlers...
@caityandy Barack didn't follow me back 
fucking hate the animal that attacked my innocent kitty  she has a sore leg now 
@floraisadora sorry sweetie... though hugh jackman is still cool as wolverine - the wolverine movie was lame. 
@rustyrockets your a lover not a fighter. No wonder it made you feel sad  sending you big hugs &amp; wet pink bits. x
@freeeky waaaait, you don't remember hearing it? and me meanwhile thanking the humankind (ewww!) for the repeat button? ah 
Just had hen walk by decoy. No suitor in tow  #Outdoors
wow. my blonde is no longer blonde. more like white? i kinda like it though :') it'll dull down  did last time!
got abandoned at squires  they drove off and left me to defend for my helpless self. par contre, my smoothie was buff.
@GabezRosales tobey maguire was so annoying in spiderman 3. i felt bad for topher grace 
okay, so baking caramel shortcake is out of question. mum doesnt fancy caramel!!! suggestions for the big mother's day?? 
@AlandrusLesene ...i just dont trust her anymore. ALL her boyfriends have triedto fuk me wen i wuz a teen but she never listened 
My sister says, in an attempt to make me feel better, that I'd rather be at the top of the pile of crap than at the bottom.  I suppose 
@KatieBarnett03 kinda 50% headache, 30% the mum 'lecture' about how im wasting my life &amp; 20% having no plans on a bank hol!!  hugs needed!
@moniemonster sorryyyy babe was packing my room!! it's in a horrendous state now and my mum's hurling scary threats 
@givemestrength Sounds like my mum's cooking... 
loves blagging free champagne! but hated the taxi driver  ignorant twat
I'm bored and homesick! 
@xPamRose What ever I want. Any genre, any plot, it just has to be in 3rd person. But, sadly, I have had no pot bunnies. 
I have a sleepy (goodness knows how) @cpearson1990 on me who won't let me escape  Being cautious as I don't want to get punched 
@lulucian i've been playing gardening mama nonstop. the engrish is amazing. and I'll try boing?...I'm a no for pokemon. 
bummed to find out I probably coulda gone to bike blessing.  too late now   I'll get to see chasin mason soon, I hope
lit a candle and having a moment of silence for adam cook. 
aww! god bless you david cook! i'm so sorry about your brother!!!  this has kinda brought me to reality, due to a personal experience.
@iamsuperbianca I'm in Bora right now and it's raining. Hmmph! 
@CocoaBrown82 lol so mad we couldn't go to that carnival 
im feeling very sad for david cook and his family  It makes me wanna cry
@AngryAngMo Your landlord is a meanie. 
my cat killed my mom's cel... and I killed my favorite nail trying to fix it 
dear lord it hurts to lay down 
feels sorry to adam cook, david cook's brother. he lost his battle to cancer. 
watching Wanted with donnie and mickey. pizza 2 nights in a row. i still have 5 speech journals to write 
Missing my prince 
awww i missed desperate housewives 
back from studio and doing wome sketches in the apt. marley stole my eraser. 
was hoping for a lie-in, but my mama ji (uncle) called and needs help moving stuff to his new house 
@dawnvictoria you lucky son of a gun ... and here i am with soooooo many assignments on my plate  no shelter from the storm
You know what's gay? I get a double off last tm but then i have to come back again later for a cello lesson. 
i want lucky charms and tennessee 
@kingsmomma lol You're still using it. I think I messed up my gift receiving by letting his childhood nickname out of the bag. 
god i'm stuffed, china china is soooooo fillingg, back to geography now 
@KATYandCLAY I'm sorry lady!  keep your chin up!
At my dad's house......awkward......divorce sucks. 
Aw my aunt introduced me to a cute and smart guy! Too bad he is 24 and lives in ccs  oh and @NatashaCF thinks he is not that hot haha
helping mum put her prezzie 2gether and i still manage to hurt miself..y does this always happen to me i wasnt even up for 10mins 
Some Muslim just told me I was yelling in his ear. Why do I keep attracting beef today? I let it slide. It's a concert fool. Hmph. 
I just bumped into a black lady and spilled coke 
@arithemack pls get ur friend @missjenee shes talking about peoples children 
@prince4whatever stoppppp ittttt I'm not cute 
ghost of girlfriends past was fab..i cried 
Playing roller coaster tycoon cuz mom fell asleep on me...my dog is depressed and I dunno why? 
@BBismyBB I know I don't care about the mother skit.. I miss the boxes 
My mother is on the asshole roll today. She lost my keys and now I'm locked out of my room. 
just sitting here talkn to my bro -n- law getting some G about my situation.... 
Just wrapped up a scene for Sinners. Sadly not done with the chap 
aw he has to sleep on a matress on the floooooor how sadddddddd!  so i gave him my comfyest(sp?) blanket. 'eff his big brother!
I got in trouble for getting into the garbage  mommy is mean! but after I got dinner!
i spend my paychecks on jello baths and ostrich rides  i'm living a lifestyle beyond my means! ahem.. i'm up watching some anime. you?
@_despina my friend took off the obama pin and lit it on fire 
wishes there was a Pastazio's new york pizza in fort worth 
I'm missing 16/1000 lightseeds in prince of persia. I sort of want the rest but they're not individually labelled 
@brazen_hussy i'm sooo starving too!!! Just getting home tho 
Just had to wait for 3 ladies and one gent to leave the private restroom... But they all looked properly dressed &amp; unhapy  how unfortunate
wow.... mother lovers... what an interesting night.. anne got her king cobra #2 while i got stuck with creepy tongue guy#2  DISSAPOINTED..
My brother is telling his kid how to put peanut butter on his dick and let the dog lick it off.  
exausted. maybe its the oldness setting in 
gosh i wish i could be in the sway sway baby video. too bad its in sydney 
I never new my mommy  She abandoned me then mi owner found me in their bin - I was only 1 :l
@casual_intruder no slagging...just the realisation that i was 17 when you were born 
watching your sisters bf die repeatedly in re5 mercenaries mode instead of master chef is not that great 
Two hours kneading and rolling fresh pasta at the behest of the kids, then one kid refuses to eat the sauce. 
Family gathering's cancel, because I showed up late. Sowwy mommy  twittering and layin in mybed like the whales, with @AdistaKim
@thegrates How did yous like maitland? lol. I loved ur set  but i lost my necklace that my bf gave me for valentines during  take care x
#vampirebeatles he's a real vampire man sitting in his vampire land thinking all his vampire plans for nobody 
is drunk and sad about her missing gig bag.  
@suprasimon when was the moment when geeks turned into fashion? Now they all have girlfriends, tragedy 
my mom is rude.i was trying to talk to her about jon gosselin,she ignored me,went to the bathroom,shut the door on me has i was talking 
@FaveColourPink nope, just some housework  that and trying to stop the twins destroying the place behind me
bored  does anyone know when they will anounce the winners of the jonas brothers contest? cause they never put a date for when it finished
@paulanicole13 haha thank you mi hija  ahh yess that was fun wasnt it? &quot;have you ever thought of putting your daughter in modeling?&quot; 
well i'm your lover and your mistress. thats money honey! when you touch me, its so delicioussss!   going out w/my dad. i feel sick 
yesterday i watched crank 2 with my mom. oh man, i think that movie's really rude and nasty 
Lovely lunch sat in the pub with my mum and stepdad, shame that there's a lot of things I couldn't discuss with my mum 
I made my step mama and my granny breckfast,... total disaster and bad idea 
flowers, cards, and my fave ecard from @someecards sent to my mom: http://tinyurl.com/4lotao must visit her soon 
ripped my lord of the rings poster in tearing it down 
@CrystalLaw yeah. She showed us a cute kitten on bismanonline and her fiancee and I were going to get it for her. But it's gone already 
Watching my younger cousins playing new electronic uno, why does the world bastardize my childhood games 
@nick_jjp i love you too  blah i miss you. and i miss your cute stories. and i miss your kisses 
@chanla tell savannah i want her to be my mommy 
has gone from being a non-smoker to being a chain smoking fiend in a matter of 2 hours 
@nick_jjp make a story with me :'( at least i can imagine that im laying in your arms&lt;3 blah.  i misssss you&lt;3
its very good its very heart touching poor kid is crossing the border to see his mother hes going through pain it makes me wanna cry 
i'm a loner 
*sigh* where have all the alpha males gone? 
i just remembered that yesterday my grandma said that i should probably see a psychiatrist to help cure my plane-chasing addiction 
woohoo at 3pm i go to my little sister's piano course eww, BORIIING 
@mileycyrus reminded me, i think lost my faith necklace from my mommy ! 
went for walk with camera to escape lost-mojo blues. neither hard rubbish or photography got me out of it. 
@brooding_soul ohhhh...  i'm sure your computer feels unloved and neglected! name it fast before it rebels against you!
@xtelleclassique @chaela12123 blithe smile, lithe limb / she who's winsome wins him  why such a depressing song you guys
@sethescene huhhhh my guitar's at my grandma's house  i'll get my cuzzie to teach me! I HAVE FOLLOWERS LYANA! strange shitz
Its storming rite now and it looks super spooky... I feel sry 4 all the birdies 
AND they took off before the cops came! I'm so scared! 
holy mother of god. lost was insane. locke impostor say whaaat? do not want to wait til 2010 for answers. 
@thenewyorkgiant kaaarrrriiiisssss I been good... enjoying motherhood... missing ny  how you been?
@LEXYVEE me too  the disney princess kind..or just gummi bears would so..lol im ryhming haha
@samanthaang he's insisting on the pug. plus his bday is coming up. Also, there r no silky available 4 me 2 get 
have just discovered that my almost brand new tart pan was left at the old house. this probs means someone else has already claimed it 
dear i'm still not able to sleep, 
I miss the porn days of yore when they had a back story that proceeded the intercourse. That little story was my masturbatory foreplay 
buying stocks for my sister whom nowadays have both fame and fortune 
annoyed at library fines  sure i didn't get a reminder grrr
ghost whisperer is making me cry!	
is on the way to the hospital to see my grandmother  say a prayer, please.
@sharmaine123 awww... we have same PROMBLEM my dear..  i hate it..
@linda360 He won't let me  Says I'm too small to fight off the drunk lady who keeps walking past and singing to our dog (true story!)
where's @fadhilciarra ? i need him as my clown 
is the library's new best mate.. 
@PoloBandit ah man, camera isn't working  lol. U see the hubby &amp;&amp; my step daughter?
I have a weird red spot on my boob that itches really bad 
1/4 natural curly hair?? -- blame my mum. don't even like it. 
is such a slacker/procrastinator/hobag 
kevvy called me an idiot  captain mccrankypants.he's pmsssing again... i'll let the drama queen have his beauty sleep for now but its war
@comeagainjen I walked right by the up premier after seeing the jonas brothers but they were taking it all down 
@DarrylCottrell amen brother!a.men. awww 1951..i'm gonna miss that place  too many good times! i want a panty party sleepover
Listening to old school smooth jams at the bar.. Aww these songs remind me of my daddy 
amazing wedding! i ate a lot of and now i'm affected with nausea  HAHA anyways, the bride and groom were so cute together, i almost cried.
No blink 182  it was still a great concert...weezer covering lady gaga and mgmt was brilliant
Sleeping with the window open makes me sad for the crying kitties in the neighbors backyard. I just wanna feed them and give them hugs 
watched mysterious skin and i'm feeling empty and sad. The rape scene was horrifying, that guy will probably haunt my dreams tonight 
- scared soo bad. needs a cuddle buddy.  oh man. ash is asleep and its daaaark! AAHHH!!! alien leg!
aahhh!!! i envy my sister! she went to a camp full of hot guys!!! i hate my chicken pox &lt;-- the reason why i wasn't there (in the camp) 
i missssss bub!  45 to get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
i missss bub!  45 minutes to get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
@belle_lulu  Of course - 430 sharp, although she has just called me and said she will not be giving me a hug because of current condition 
@tommcfly I sound a cross between  an 80 year old who's smoked 40 fags all her life and mr squeeky from toy story 2  
@CHELLETASTIC he's out in his new field and as attacking all the other ponies.. naughty blaze. He really should  haha!
@shaunmichaelb omg, me and my brother are now having a burping contest.. it's gorss but i'm doing it  
well, ima walk to my grans cause my family is either camping, playing golf or @ the hospital and there no food here  no tweets for a while
@becky_mcr_ninja same same  are u keeping the cliffhanger ending? 
getting ready to go grocery shopping. it's still kinda rainy out, mostly just wet 
Bout to get ready for family reunion with a slight hangover  oh joy....
@coreyanderson dude, there is no longer a comedy club uptown. 
@volverene the puppy is ill today  some kinda stomach infection, dunno. sister took him to the doctor 
just had good eats at the bubba's! spanx! i would say its a nice day for doll house but theres no dolls any more! 
Just showed my musical ignorance by forgetting who sang Stupified 
need to find an evening dress...argh what a palaver! surely auntie knows i'm not that girlie 
@hasbean   sad ! And the worlds 4 th best barista !
tryin to be a good daughter and call my parents and what do i get? straight to fuckin voicemail. they're busy doing things that matter. 
@gypsy_tyco  i missed your message, argh! but i can't make it out today; i'm keeping my grandma company while my parents are out of town 
loves what shes seen of her prom dress so far  too excited, but must now get on with more maths revision 
@mileycyrus I've never even had lucky charms before 
@iamdiddy Aw  that's really sad. She's in my prayers, and of course her father too.
no A2J (youth group) for me tonight, too much work  which is a real pity really, there's new peeps there, and I wanted to be all nice 
@ElkaBr http://twitpic.com/5d9ub - awwww, she's gorgeous ? makes me miss my cat, who lives at my grandma I can only visit twice a year 
@SeptemberUnique I haven't put in the bid yet? U treatin me like a stranger... 
@theBrandiCyrus I just watched prison break  how could they have done that :* cries* im complaining micheal was the bomb! saved the world!
Here's a tip for little ones - when your dad has an aircast on and needs crutches to get around - please don't repeatedly slap the foot 
About to leave san angelo.....I never want to leave my mommy  but ready to get home to my girls!!!!
@ecobaby My son has bad reactions, we have an epi pen for him.  poor guy.
@ friend's house :] having sum fun. lol still gotta do sum project later 
Ugh gay allergies..  sneezing like crazy...
@4_idiots I was a tax lady  #3turnoffwords
just watched hell's kitchen finale. the finalists were the ones who deserved to be there...i just liked the one who lost a little better 
haven't had a 5 in a while   wally's freakin &amp; i'm busy telling my weepy neighbor its not the big one
dude...i cant concentrate since that quake rattled my nerves. this essay is going to suck hardcore. 
going to art then going home woooo! josh isnt here  loner here i come
earthquake in la ? scary... thinking about him again 
Oh, no! The little 'Things are looking up' kid is peddling a bank now, and he's gained weight  too young to be all chub
@propersociety cause this girl cant afford a six hundy ticket to alaska 
AHH! my computer player is loading! guess no gossip girl for me tonight  oh well star trek and granola bars make for a great sunday night!
really want to write fic but having writers block/lack of energy. uuugh mum's stickers still need to be drawn 
soommeday you will find meee caught beneath the landsliiddeee...and I'll still be trying to finish my Beligium project 
Watching the nanny before going to bed. 
Just woke up to feed the little monkey, then some more resident evil playing. Chapter eleven is hard! 
@jessleedham my cousin went to the airport in melb to meet gaga, she said gaga had a tone of sercurity &amp; didn't stop for fans 
@wyndwitch oh dear  Home, tea, feet up, take it easy. Also, is your local pc a parent or just someone who haunts the school gates?
Shit it's lightening  I can't leave my shelter now ( has phobia as saw holiday friend struck by lightening as a child) 
@mangosmiles My tutor was being a snotty, vague, bitter, unhelpful sod. 
: The floor above us has electricity. The floor below us has electricity. We are the 'chosen few'. Hmmph. 
made spag bol with my own special recipe, wish I had someone to share pasta with like lady and the tramp. very romantic movie 
@taraanson yeh mums knitting a cardi soon. probs coz i stole all of hers hehehe the dog at my knitting needle so i cant do any more yet 
lost,family guy,american dad,king of the hill,24,simpsons,fringe have all had their season finales. only mentalist &amp; reaper to go! me sad 
I Cant eat Junk food. or ill loose the competition between me my mum and my sister. 
Maybe it's all true, I'm a disgusting creepy stalker old cat lady in the making and I shouldn't be allowed on the internet. 
@jshe it is what my mum calls chips (hot chips)... been trying to find someone else who uses it, but no luck so far 
@P0150N0U5F15H Haha... nah! its not even my tank, it's my brothers but  he doesn't clean it properly! so I do it 
doesn't have internet at home anymore bc her roommate is a cold hearted witch. Not a good witch either. 
wonders why princess are always pretty.  http://plurk.com/p/uji2a
saddest desperate housewives ep ever  but also the most irrelevant episode...hahahah
@auntie_abc I suspect that it's a result of lactose intolerance. 
@musicalsara awww i miss the nanny 
@whowatcheswho my life is puss crusty puss 
wow beanbags are seriously the best to sleep on, pity i'm alone 
@katarambulo steph's aunt is a stewardess and she got a picture too 
Needs a sugar daddy 
In second period doing absoultly nothing cuz our teacher is gehhy and its gloomy outside 
natalies horsey is sick  waiting for the vet..pray for the best
@missfaithlb i din't go either  wkend just came and went. went 2 a wedding in killer heels &amp; now i need crutches. Lol. what u get up to?
@ItsBashy ahh man, lucky u bruv, I'm stuck at home editin a garbage  music video 
My sister and brother took over my tv so i didnt get to watch twilight again  now just laying in bed watching a boring celeb rehab show
on my way home on the train  icky icky icky 
hoping abbey-louise gets better soon!!! poor wee girl broke her collar bone at the park 
well the temper tantrums are back... yay mondays 
@jeeesss I know  I didn't expect that at all when the lady started her rant.
@coffee_snob   for your mum.re:foxtel i prob waste value by mostly watching law&amp;order :-/ hope 1)yr mum improves 2)you get channels back
I know its my job, but I still get a lil heart broken when a homeless kid comes to the door 
So we are basically being forced to move because our neighbor decided to rage against a close friene who's out of state. 
Bout to do lunch wit da fam b4 my aunt catches her flight 
@joejackoff sorry about that, kiddo  
mom just left me at the vet's office!  how mean! something about a tooth extraction..  boooo
@irisheyes I don't know about that myself. If we do have soulmates, sadly, I think many of us never find them... 
i am goin out to do the avon and goin up the hospital  to see my mum bf great grandad as he had a heartache last week 
@tinkerbell_18 It pains me to see him (and the team) struggle. 
Just home from a terrific @prideidol - and we said goodbye to cute, cuddly chris plata, our youngest contestant. always sad. 
is upset cause i am not at the pussycat dolls and lady gaga concert 
mom claims 2 hostesses, 2 waitresses, and 3 customers, checked me out while dining. I noticed none. This is why i will die alone. 
Watching notre dame de paris. A good movie, but too cheerless for children...and me 
opportunist.tricky.manipulative.fake.temptation...sentimental tacky trap! 
@_cher no dear i dont think so 
blogger keeps crashing  *grump*
Sleepless nights suck! I wish i had my baby wit me 
my boyfs mum is movin 8doors away from my mum 2 mins down the road from us How close is to close? Not looking forward to this at all 
Just watched my favourite singer lady gaga on rove (: was awesome. so wish i could've gone to see her when she came to new zealand 
his sister comes out to see what's goin on and she gives me a death stare lol. Clearly I'm not liked by that fam 
@aris22 Me too! We don't have a class together anymore  I miss my gay princess! Haha!
#followfriday.. @bellaclara (she likes playing cello nude..wont give me a concert though  ) and her wonderful friend @sniffyjenkins (sigh)
theres a family of skunks in my hood  foreals . it sucks
i aint been to pizza hut in yonks 
Yay for being 6'4&quot; and sober with a few drunk mates who like how tough they feel with me standing behind them 
@calmol happiness is a warm gun  ha!
@kikirodu I can not wait to start running again.  That was my sanctuary.  but it started to induce braxton hicks contractions 
@man_o_sand oh i'm not sick though, neither are my parents. we're all fine but my brother still has a cough, thus the quarantine 
hanging out with my baby, marie and my cousin today. going to the mall and other stuff. damn my life is kinda boring. 
sitting at my boyfriends house boreeeeeddddd sitting on the net ahahah  kill me
@thedownfall: why why why cant we go with your mummy.  that means no shopping. and no strutting down the streets. BWAHHHH! &lt;3
@comeagainjen at least your teacher didn't spoil angels &amp; demons yesterday! 
sweet brother bought guess pumps for me but little too damn tight! 
trying to put beetlejuice back in his cage, but he wont let go for anything.  poor beetle misses his mommy.
The #wip I'm revising has the best ending I've ever written thus far. The middle, not so much. 
forgot his coke on the table.... 
slumber party at the sisters with a sooky puppy. shame I have to get up at 7am grrr better go to sleep 
@bacim0rte i hate it when that happens too! I'm sorry sweetie 
that's an injustice @anz_rocks19 ent to the dentist and she was brave.. they didn't give her a sticker 
@elbeard I know  I personally don't want to but the boss says we have to  I'm not a monster 
my mom decided to shop at lincoln square mall....lol god there empty. I feel naked without my ring....miss it. 
@gant75 are u serous. What did ur mum say? It's a disgrace. 
@tommcfly wooooooo it feels like nothing here its wet and rainy  ohwell atleast i hav my trusty pal deanna
hubs is meeting hospice worker for his bro....he isn't handling it too well 
It my brain all the lego master builders are adorable nerdy hotties but i know in reality they are old and gross 
I REALLY want a pair of these earrings, but worried that they'll just be another thing for my toddler to pull. http://tinyurl.com/pvuy5s 
dear decoration stealers: you suck. 
just got whooped fair &amp; square at monopoly by a 10 yr old kid 
@megansasweetie I would love nothing more than to win the @collective_soul contest, but I am a talker, not a blogger.  R U going to enter?
A girl sitting in front of me in class had passionfruit lipgloss on - it smelt like cat pee 
@AshMarie191 damn I want some lucky charms too... 
wow. i got stung by a bee yesterday and my fool ti huggeee!!    and it hurts like a mother!!!
i got stung by a bee yesterday and my fool is huggeee!!    and it hurts like a mother!!!   i hope it will get better!
goodnight everyone i miss the jonas brothers so much  sweet dreams :]
I miss my brother right now. He's the most and least like me person on the planet. He moved away and I miss his lame unintentional humor 
enjoying a dry martini w/ two olives and a magazine. laying in bed watching this show dirt on dvd. all the good ones get cancelled. 
I miss yours..  kiss me! 
so sad about mike tyson's daughter.  
@rebecca623 poor puppy.  kisses from me and olivia
didnt get to watch marley and me.  my mom said she wasnt in the mood to cry..  so im watching hitch instead. =D
@flyerdendarest &amp; @jjbaby85 i had 2 bang on a gay as passenger tryna go hard on me cuZ hiZ bag was not there..he was 2 cute 2 
i stubbed my toe on desire. they told me i was wrong all along. that's why they act queer. it must be just a demon putting me in gear. 
@mistermeester I have issues bringing up shit to my dad  even though it shouldn't be a big deal.  Wish I had one now!
At last check the dead chick is still in the nest, object of curiosity to nest mates-sad little lump in the nest  
@ElTeaZee @kompton405 sorry to be a brat bear but if you bowl I probably won't go  I need motivation to go out and that won't motivate me
some guy at this bar asked if i would ever consider fitness modeling.. i really do have madonna arms 
sleepless night  thanks to the new pup and sweety   **yawn**
@b0redmel  that's fine bb *stabs your mom* lol ily too. did you have a good flight?
@mrskutcher yes they do this at walgreens where my aunt works is't sad 
this is drivin me nuts not being able to talk with my husband!!...god i miss him so much i wish he was home already  tierd of being alone
@SirCass monkey majesty i will not be present in the mansion tonight. unfortunately the queen has the worst headache 
itss soooo cramped in the den. my dad put this treadmill thaaang and i cant even move my chair  . i do not have freedom of mobility  LOL
@elmore sorry bro, got late quick... I'm back at the hotel and down for the count. 
@bamkisser so you can get to ya prince charming  that's how I look at, if a nigga can't love you for u then fuck him
Snuggling up with a comfy blankie...wishin I was cuddling with someone special 
I must be the biggest dork in the complex.  The cool kids were smokin' ad I didn't get asked to stay. 
condemns bodily functions, i can't believe taking a tinkle kept me from you...now to lay down and sulk. 
wants everyone to say a prayer for mikaela, my little bestie...she might have ringworm or lyme disease  get well soon toots!
watching some crazy monkey show on animal planet. why? the remote is far 
omg  the song papuli teaches michelle in the ep where he dies, they do the dance earlier in the series. That song just broke my heart.
My boyfriend's going camping. I hope the boogie bear doesn't get him 
On my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers......damn i feel old 
my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me 
Sleeping on the streets of nyc for a celebrity...nothing new. Wish i had a huge blanket though 
Because twitter is about being an attention whore: meet new haircut, same as the old one: http://u.nu/8748 She refused to cut a fringe 
My dead grandpa pays more attention to me than you do 
so during that whole whole addiction talk with my brother and that lady....i broke down and couldnt help but cry 
@JackAllTimeLow I wish I could go to your melbourne show but my parents won't let me  *cries*
Waiting waiting waiting very difficult for an impatient lass like me...  
a bird flew into window at my parents house and snapped his poor neck. gotta bury him 
jake thomas looks so precious :'( i hate when they say &quot;there it is i see the white light&quot; in every ghost whisperer show 
is waiting for the estate agent to do valuation. oh joy. *sigh* i need to be in the funhouse  pink baby come back!!!!
watching midsomer murders... totally in love with this show. Should have pursued forensic psychology instead of this brain thingy 
@gipsy_dreamer Wow, you still haven't gotten them? 
Sitting on the decking reading psychology notes with my ipod and my dog. It's far too warm 
grr...everytime he gets a new girlfriend..I'm at the bottom of the totem pole 
#followfriday @RoRuby although she doesnt consider me a sweetheart to 
@jonhatesyou aw my dear i'm sorry 
feels ..my cousin is a monkey  http://plurk.com/p/x23pa
im @ the eye doctors &amp; had to bring trinity with me cause my mom fell down the stairs today &amp; broke her toe. ugh 
@pilmorelee you beggar! Making me feel homesick 
@redsoxgirl28 been there, sadly.  this isn't your first rodeo, my dear, I suspect you've learned your lesson?
@vamp411316 haha that sucks! actually mine is worse. mines ft math  eww
I'm such a saddo, haha. But that actually makes me really happy. Warrens dead though 
looking for my littlest tsutsu...  
after 4 tries and 2 arms it was successful BUT now I look like a junkie 
but mum just burned some bacon... smoke alarm's a bitch 
fml. forgot alli's dance recital is tonight. now i'm stuck talking to munchkins all night instead of being at devon's bonfire. :/ 
@ColetteThomsonx pure twittering my friends  he's a pure nymph or summmit. I'm FANTABULOUS. miss yeees guys.
Dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun 
oh no noisy family who live next door are back from holiday  there goes my peace and quiet
i can't find my woody and buzz toys  but i've got my bullseye teddy! @tommcfly do you have toy story toys? 8-)
Sitting watching britain's got f all talent, but have watched a small girl cry and it's sad 
#BGT That poor kid 
@Ashleys4 me too 
AAAAARRRRGGGHHH! there is a huge spider in the towel pile, *cries* glad Kerbear isn't here  sorry mum cant bring the rest in 
@ThelovelyJ lmao back in queens now 
@SUPERRZAAAP i forgot the yardsale event! ooh how pity i am 
@FlittyGadabout I'm not a hobo. 
@DearFloyd  u don't know harajuku lovers?
awww the wee gril in britains got talent 
I'm not sure why walking around in barnes and noble comforts me so much. O well now I'm off to work 
@_AislinnTighee bhaha, its a teenage nightclub and i am at home when im supposed to be there. they had no fucking license. no more touch 
Having really bad sorehead 
@meg_la_mania  it worries me: we read nasty stories about murder, paedophilia and disfigurement and only get upset about animal cruelty.
@Applecored what I do now  anyhoo thanks for the *spank* :-O x
my neighbours are far too loud in thier back garden, all I can hear is this loud woman that won't stop laughing 
I was just asked by a suit where i was heading to. I didn't think i looked that much like a whore 
@ARMS1869 im a lady and ladies don't move couches. they direct where the couches go 
I think I just found my purse soulmate. But its not in my budget 
@iimJacko O dear! HE'S HERE! OMGOGMGO.. U didn't see that I was going to fuck u..? 
@RobertPound not my groom!  think i'll die an old maid! lol
@NikkiBenz cool !! actually i believe T.I. has just begun his jail sentence in arkansas 
He put a fuckin mohawk in my son head.....he just killed my vibe as always 
And I want you to shut the fuck up.... I really hate living with my step dad. =-\ I can't wait to move out... 
@mileycyrus my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better 
so I just had a violent fightclub like sex dream involving heavily tattooed ladies. I didn't wanna wake up.  lol.
@ddlovato  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better 
@Jonasbrothers  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better 
@funkylovin ah mine is never home before 8   I handed off the kids and grabbed the bottle of malibu and a coke..momma getting drinky :para
down side = i have a seat by myself  loner. please be a starbucks there.
@baba_booey it doesn't make up for the pitch 
ooh no doubt yay i need to go dancing why cant there be good studios close to home 
omg my mother is literally throwing away a perfectly good solid wood nightstand. my tree-hugging heart hurts. 
@ keener2u talking to my family abt u being in mclean, we luv mclean they had the combo gas station dairy queen....but it became mcdonds 
thinking about my hott crush i ain't going to see for at least 2 years because he's in the grade ahead of me...how sad!!   it makes me mad
@tclairyt you better stick that tounge out lady! i wish i was fucking there 
I was soo close.. rite bout 2 go 2 a party,but sum reason my boyfriend has trust problems &amp; now im not going. &amp; i had a super cute outfit 
@RachelFerrucci  no ma'am.  not yet 
signs of aging #23: super hot asian chick is holding up the line, my reaction is annoyance rather than joy 
: i'm so sorry, dear 
@dannerrockzz She is so amazing in person that I don't want to ask for naughty pics out of sheer respect for her. 
@kisses4rmkurls aww man I was hopin it would just appear  ok do I have to bring my needle and thread??
feels like crap ,  , I'm not a princess this ain't a fairytale =(
I am wearing a very short skirt and it is fucking cold mum left me here 
1030p girls are in lobby doing crafts yet they depart @ 8am tmrw - huge recipe for disaster!!!!  
@dj_impact I'm so sorry for leaving so suddenly! my sis had terrible anxiety and wanted to leave on the spot 
ugh I was soo close to finishing my writing, but my mom just has to kick me off.  She's encouraging my procrastination...lol jk
Hmmph.. that sneak peak was hardly a peak 
At a bar in chi town wising all my lovey ladies were here 
@anony269 I miss the dolls too  have fun in glenelg! I know cant believe the weather is SO nice when the dolls leave LOL
fml.. good and bad.. good mom gave me money. bad.. she put it where I had my condoms   /wrists
This is what happens when a 2 pound kitten meets the dog that just wants to kiss it...cut on her nose  http://yfrog.com/111jij
man, all these couples were at angels &amp; demons, and it made me all emo, even tho i have a bf, he didn't see angels &amp; demons w/ me 
@SYVYdemystified Aw ... drive safe sweetie 
@theycallmeShua ahhh college.... dude if i wasn't a starving artist i'd totally help out...but i'm a dancer with no job... 
@Sarahies still very poorly  it's so rubbish &amp; yukky?How are you buttercup, are you rocking your fashionista sister style all over the
If I hit mi brother &amp; sister in my house,no one c't asked abt human rights or humanity, its nt a violence..cos its my inner house probs.. 
I just called the cops on the murderer in my bed  
Thanks to my tantrum throwing havoc creator niece, I failed to notice that even @rehabc bid for me!  #twpp.
@mallow610 cause i'm a huge slacker. haha.  i need to make a comeback!
@DaisyDuhh I'm so sorry about all that!!...about the group pic my dad was rushing me and I lost my tassel!  !!congratulations buddy!!
@dreamer7231 LOL wow you're so dirty......... why are you tainting an innocent like me. 
@henriettabird pushy mums tend to have husbands who just whimper and obey every word they say. 
@troykids @pandamayhem pls no memories of my failed piano question from the cruises q and a  ::cry::
because susan boyle sweared to the t.v. judge! because shaheen was really good! so...not susan. she has good singing i suppose. 
@Georgecraigono welcome home babe!!!!! when will the new album be out??? i don't like silences. my mum hid my started a fire cd  xxxxxxxxx
and my flatmates are going to watch pcd concert and lady gaga's performing 
@smosh can't believe candy cane won  the corn dog's gonna own the candy cane the next round!
back from walking mutt.. bad lad ate all kinds of rubbish.. I will reap the treasures later 
http://twitpic.com/68xz4 - whitney - seniz - selinay. good old times  (my b'day @ school)
I lost my lip gloss in my father's taxi  - http://tweet.sg
doing maths  i would enjoy it if the jonas brothers came out of my poster and encouraged me with my trigonmetry
vicar of dibley always makes me cry  love them to bits
@notebookpaper fams I'm up too ! But I want to sleep but can't 
I have mobile insurance, not sure it covers me being an eejit though. 
i want my mummy 
im a bad role-model  never mind , i can still make like my goodfriend kimmy and be a street mime?
Me and my best mate had a fight about me moving. It sucked 
Being a working lady... 
today been playing sims 2 again missing loads of toms calls  and talking about weddings and bridesmaids 
@ChrisGN meh, eldest cub got party 2nite, so just a small glass for me 
my kitty keeps crying for her mommy and litter mates 
@j_bennie Awww I don't get to be in your secret dole bludging club 
my new kittens are so lovely, one called poppy and the other called daisy, i do prefer shirley and louise tho  but mum said no
ok totally just bawled my eyes out at sisterhood of the traveling pants 2  sooo cute but sad
@ cimaja,sleepy,bored n missing my hubby 
gah too hot pitching a ten for my sister 
@supertwigg omg bbq your so lucky! neither of my parents are in a good mood and i the heat makes me grumpy  and sleep less
An evil suicidal munchkin from wizard of oz is under haleys bed and we're scared 
it seems that i am incapable of learning any new bracelet making skillz 
That's a dayum shame nigs don't know my baby lorenz...  *daydreams*  I was crushin on him sincwe 11-12 yrs old 
my mommy jumped out from the corner and scared me 
Getting ready to go eat.... I would really like to talk to my boyfriend, I really miss chatting with him, but poor guy, he is sick 
just came back from the mall. watched the terminator salvation twice. wants new skull candy earphones badly 
&lt;3ing planet earth on blue-ray. felt so bad for the little elephant that was following his mother's trail but in the wrong direction 
Now the rozzers are shattering the peace with their 'copter 
sunburnt on my back  damn i knew i should have revised instead of talked to my cousin! xD
Nearly finished my coursework. AAAHHH stress. someone dear god cheer me up 
Oh why did his mother have to go and say that, now I'm going to be a blubbering mess! 
@unitechy :i wnt gals 2 win in every competition...! but i liked prince n he got out 
soon to be the owner of only one snake.  the adoptive parents are on their way to get tulip 
Running errands around town wiff daddy before he leaves 
I'm not a princess this aint a fairy tale 
Awwww they make me miss both my grandads 
I need to start working out again. I'm getting chubby 
was trying too tweet it would have been even better if i was listening to this by the mumbles  and not on the underground  !!
Pissed the F off with the tenting situation  I want utac..should I ditch my tentmate for a stranger
hates writing this paper, is PMSing, and is miserable. 
My dad is the only one who has sympathy for my loss of another bird,I just cant take it,and now tweety is alone 
I broke the mirror...  Is it a bad sing?
@RedMonetMizrahi --yeeeess!!! lol...mother's wearing that lil napkin on they head.. luv it! awww I miss church sooo much!  --6 more months
whoa grandparents - grandpa is all beat up 
wish my family was getting ready to see the comedy tour in person...gotta love CT! 
Finished off a cool piece. Unfortunately I had to stare at droopy old lady vag to accomplish that 
loves picnics and misses her boyfriend already! it's only been 2 hours! @Raybird618 i loved benjamin button! i'm sad you didn't like it 
I'm just sitting on a bench on the street waiting for friends. Why do men have to stare and hiss at me?   http://bit.ly/PniG
is very tierd and in need of some jerk chicken from auntie lilies 
tantrum of the muse, might not be reuniting after all  ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Now it's the cotton eyed joe and my loser sister is dancing to it! 
@pseudonymuk not on my own, but not with a beautiful young lady 
my dad is watching willy wonka....they said golden tickets and i was soo close to crying i just suck my tounge out and left...i miss tom! 
my mom woudnt let me get a hermit crab.  i was going to name it hermie.
@theywillrun extremely ominous, lady! 
@varaised umm sumtimes that is for real the truth girls do fall asleep and not hear their phone... lol and bendito no comida  n bored...
@cherrybumbum awwww my dear I wish I can't help you 
i am going to bed  haha double shift be killin this lil native haha
i want to learnn how to surff. someonee teach meee 
@CuzImSOOOCool boared but niece is hoggin comp hence why i texted you 
dude renee's cat's in a coma 
@amy_collier I'd love to know another person that likes blink + there related bands, in the same way I do  my school is a chav festival.
i just saw a wee group of neds batter a wee guy  luckily the police turned up.they ran off &amp; police didnt bother chasing em!
His beauty &amp; butterskotch complxion was blingin N all its brillance as he walked twards me. Then I saw his 3 kids and no ring 
being at a wedding sucks when arguing with someone u cared enough about to consider marrying.....too bad i've moved on. i hate weddings 
@valerie2776 actually i left it in my dad's blu-ray player 
A randomn lady is talking to me 
sigh, nobody loves me  help a sexy gal out and join the site? :* cheri http://cherrycheri.imoxi.net
is hangin with molly on the rocks enjoyin some nice vibes. Except I did see some police brutality though  damn pigs!
about to leave for my cousin's wedding. I'm missing a soccer knock-out comp for this 
just got stopped by the cops 
@SumbodyTrippin no. I don't have a sitter 
@stevedevine1985 some cocktails and some dancy if I can persuade someone to come with me lol my concert buddy doesn't have a passport 
I really miss grandpa  rip
i was just in my room practicing screaming. and my mom was in the hall and she heard me and was like &quot;sarah, are you okay?&quot; hahah 
http://twitpic.com/6b969 - last night together in 60048.  dad's playing air guitar hero in the basement.
awe harry potter's over 
@justinmj I hope my hometown treats you well!!  Too bad I can't be there too 
@jonas_twilight3 HAHA my mom dont let me have a pet :/ she doesnt like animals  in house
@Alainnabis mamma i dont feel well  i need a snuggle
dont you love it when your family shows up uninvited?? woo :/ and its my loud black ghetto family eww 
Cancer sucks, and the worst part is seeing what the chemo side effects are on my little girl 
The lady came back. She seems pretty nice, but I don't know. I miss mommy &amp; daddy. Wine 
@shayna_kandii I can't believe u guys went without me  &quot;auntie why it look like they comin out the screen?&quot; She was sooo excited!
i miss shopping  i want a hello kitty purse!!
@RobDyerS4C I didn't get to see it in 3D  But I still really liked it! The stork short was adorable, huh?
Everyone cover your eyes. I have to senda bday shout out and ill have u cuss cuz thier username cusses  sry!
Reading a book under the covers with my trusty flash light. I miss my dear friend @jenluvv 
Playiing cards wit my bebes fam ... At libbys bday party yay shes three ....muah baby come back 
@adrianaaaa lady you know I love to get my toesies done! I would have gone 
Misses her sweet ass sister!! And all my cool friends! I need a dash board drummer!! 
@nel1jack I am actually pretty good at killing ducks with a handgun. Of course when I miss that damn dog laughs at me. 
@Erardo no I would never willingly marry my cousin; firstly that's sinful and secondly our kids would come out retarded. Its a lose-lose 
TOMORROW:ad in sac, mom shopping all day, me lookng for a fat sucker inner and shoes to go with my grad dress. This will be greeatt 
i want chocolate  but no, my mummy hasnt bought any 
@MarkRCameron I sure did with my girlfriends, barrels of laughs actually. working now unfortunately... 
Everyone left to go to a gay bar  no shenanigans for me, tonight.
I've realized I'm a smiley junkie... wtf is wrong with me 
@idkkirsty we never had a harry potter marathon 
the fun is over, the bride is dry heaving in the limo 
So, I really want cold pudding. It's really hot in here and I'm starving. But my stepdad's on the couch because of a petty drunk argument 
I really hate when ghetto guys talk to me. I wish the twins would come back 
@xemoth notice I am not in the family pics  black sheep goes baa!
I think i broke my foot!    it hurts like a mother !$#%er!!!
@cow_grrrl I'm sure they do. Wouldn't mind a bundle of fluff except I'm allergic to them 
I lost my damn wallet  I'm extremely upset...first my eyes now my wallet not to mention dumb men in my life ughh I need a vacation...now
I think I just saw a guido... I fear for my dear rave scene.  
Supposed to watch celebrity boxing with my brother at the sky garden 
just got home from an overnight bonding session with friends and my babe.. i had a blast!!! missin' my babe already.. 
@TessMorris awww sweety *wraps blanket* I hope your well soon lovely 
@DiiLee Eeeeeee kiss me 3ashan I wake up, the evil witch poisioned me 
@smlimon so I barely got your twit now  I'm really upset we didn't get to hang n e ways I'm caught between a rock n stone 
wow i baccck and finsh lunch but mum ask me to go to the shop witch i dont really want to do 
I was just made to make the green tea for the family because I lost the paper scissors rock and they are under the kotatsu  (Nonoko)
@s3xcsara gooood! i cant find any of my writings about schoolies 
Oh no haven't watched the last couple of eps, kate's gone?!!!!!! She was my fave 
@loveisonitsway i love youu girllyyy :] i got a bargain dress, and my mum got shoes. i never got my gladiators 
not going to the fashion show anymore. stuck in my grandpa's house. why does it have to rain so hard here! 
i just ironed my school uniform for tmoro an some clothes for mum. my sister stole my fone an tried to send a text  but i got it back
@abba_ks @suzzzanna I was having awful dream that husband &amp; I were getting remarried, but everything was going wrong at wedding. 
my homer slippers dont have much more life in 'em  that was my first daddy's day gift from my lil one
@0princess0 awe aren't you going? 
my phone hates my mac  seriously annoying because i want to post about cobra soon 'cause i found pictures of ballet when i was little
@KoreanCelt I thought we already were.  I miss you, too. But you are a busy lady.
I'm a ninja! A sniffly ninja with a cold  .... so my sneaking is not up to par at the moment.....
I need a sweet loving gf 
@carole29 its competitiveness (if that's a word)-me and my mam do it every year. I have no garden in G'head and she's now mahogany! 
So bored balloons just poped and scared the living daylights out of me 
there's a really big scary spider in my bedroom  but it ran into my school stuff and now i have a really good exuse not to do my french 
@nishiellet: aww doing baby sister hair.aww.and no i dont   i need janet jackson,d.s.control.rhythm nation.janet.and velvet rope
@yellowsmoke WHAT?? so whos yer boyfriend then? cant tell you how heartbroken i am! 
had an awesome life, untill my mom said that it's my turn to walk with doggie. ghooow have to leave my bed 
Puting up tent in garden... Its trickier than u think... Especially wen a certain little sister keeps stealing the instructions...  :-0
@pcdnicole but the fellas aren't comin' to asia with the dolls? is it true? 
.@navets watching a baby getting part of his genitals cut off is no fun 2 me  circ is not necessary, 4 ur next son: http://bit.ly/2lnR9R
i absolutely hate homework. when father puts on top gear it just distracts me from gravitational potential energy  i burnt my nose
my sister 10yr dog has cancer, and ther is nothing we can do ... 
@eonline The only drawback in this smooch-exercise is that it is short lived.. ;) the vamp jumps back immediately 
@cdwebb well the J&amp;K+8 thing has become a trainwreck. I feel sorry for the kids their mom seems to be a fame whore at this point. 
bittersweet dance/lunch date with olivia 
quarrel with my mother for trivial things .. we were fighting just because I had to play the flute! 
Just drank a coke against my healthy personality's wishes but my couch potato personality won out in the end 
Is thinkin another year gone and stil in a loveless marriage treated like poo. But what choice do i have? 
there's a rare miniature milking goat in the paper and ii want it but my mother says we can't 
wish all these portugese porch monkeys would stop creating a racket outside over their dumb parade, and I'm half portugese to boot 
@westlifebunny yay new moon! at least you like twilight and the other books. your bf and mi dada are not very supportive of my other man 
@juliezimmerman - No she didnt, its a travesty. She just wanted to sing for the queen 
So im sitting with my little sister wait for my parents to call me so i can get my food. And i still have this headache. 
@MasterAwesome 23 almost 24   im an old lady
@thecab awe.  I'm sorry sweetie.
@matisyahu unfortunate insect fans who gave their lives trying to say hi to you. 
@jjjetplane You're leaving me for your big gay lover @mitchgray !!! 
@naughty_ottsel Sowwi 
you know life is hard, just been speaking to my dear lady friend in the uk, she has just moved into a hospice...  the wrong cards for her
I had a great idea to celebrate my mom and i's 18th anniversary together by getting a cake but she didn't wanna celebrate 
Missing out on summer, oh man what a bummer, slave away for the minimum wage 
hey school tommrow  dance on friday going with someone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! slow dancing!!
there was no sword soul presentation though 
@GAILESHEILA i fuckn lost my phone too  and my makeup bag  dammit sailor jerry.
I'm in looove with a fairytale even though it hurts 
dear wetzels, I only bought a pretzel dog from you because auntie anne's is cash only. 
@bonafide_hustla Welll I no but its hard  I need youu
ive missed desperate housewives!  bummeeer!
had a conversation with Aunt L. Explaining twitter but not twittering Gokey...im still so embarrased of my love 4 idol 
stil have a killer sore throat and missin my sister and the kids like mad 
I'm on my way to the liquor store!!!! I can't study cuz my brother talks 2 much 
@jakkblood  and my sisters sick too. C'mon ole immune system.
momma dukes does not appreciate my loud beautiful singing voice, she said shes not down for my american idol audition 
A dolly, a sex tape, a horny kitty, I shouldn't have tweeped s.th. with the words 'lover' oder 'seduce' in there. #fail 
@kimcheebonez I'm definitely going to cry...I remember when they were first born, I wonder if Barack is the one I took a pic with 
I knew half termy would to so pooing quick 
leaving n.y. with alyssa. went to the wax museum. no jonas brothers. i am very disappointed 
@mileycyrus awe  shes so cute! your family rocks lol
my hampster died 
@Teuni a women poets seminar for honors....and caribian lit  loved the caribian lit not the other hehe
@Mrs_Lange aww thats sad  at least i met my boyfriend through ending up such a wreck. i met him on a disability chat room
in the airport, lookn @ a soldier say bye 2 his fam. 
@Icklesal our wanderer looks like ziggy but it won't come near me 
okay- my friends baby had a fever and was limping.  i love my babygirl. i hope nothing bad happens to her.her mama is gna tell us more l8r
My favortie aunts in detox  when will she learn ?!?
@donlemoncnn the gunman is freakin stupid 2 shoot a doctor who is in church.What he tried to be..a freakin hero 2 the pro-life protestor 
@sara_bo_bara no  and I got lost, and now the girl at the hotel counter doesn't know if she can use my card
@Kait1in i am not a fan of either  when I come visit, i'll go veggie...
angels &amp; demons on(~) then i'll goto grandpa's i don't want to go  i have so much thing to do &amp; i'm sleepy i should go visit my bf instead
@noiselesssound sooooo i really really miss you and our talks and walks to starbucks 
@lesbiann ok we can just go as FRIENDS and not lovers 
@hockeygal4ever haha my last bf only said &quot;who? huh? what?&quot;. not a hockey fan 
watching the hills. will miss @laurenconrad. never liked kristen, so last ep.  but chick deserves a life outside of mtv. bittersweet. :|
it made me a little sad cause it was in 3D and it made me remember the jonas brothers 3D concert experience  i miss that so much!
I miss my sweets!!!!!!!   tell the stalker dud to bounce lol..
I have a pretty lonely existence. I'm watchin harry potter the kids r in bed. I'm alone. 
I bought atty a coach collar and I almost got princess one but she's too small.  I miss you.
@Justasimplegirl ooh yes, blackberries + awesomee. but my parents would never buy me one.  what's the dare?
i'm loosing my voice.. i need some throat coat..  &amp; my grandma tryna make me eat livers.. are they good??
missing my soldier but kinda confused on my status!!!! 
wow.. that's awkward. I stick my hand down my shirt to fix my boob and @fudgesickle17 's step dad walks out and sees me. 
Still sick  But on a good note, i'm not milky white anymore! That tan is on point ladies n gents.
Now I know why the petco lady laughed at me when I said I was giving the golfish to my turtle as a friend.  I feel like throwing up, yuck.
http://twitpic.com/6dppz - i miss my chubby little smurfffff!!!!  lol
been crying for the last 30 minutes.... why did that old lady have to be so much like my great grandma  damn it...
just spoke to my dad..busy conducting post-mortems on beached whales to find out the reason! 7 were taken out to sea but beached again 
@Mandito10 we need to have a crew nite son I miss y'all  no homo
@VonQuale they're assessin her mental health. guess she had a nervous breakdown. they didn't strap her to a gurney, though. poor subo. 
watching cops! do the suspects actually use these tapes as evidence. i would. it's police brutality at ur viewing pleasure 
sick in bed today  got the sniffles. no singing for me unless I want to sound like a man. coen bros movies are ace. kat x
cute snotty nephew + happy healthy aunty = grumpy snotty aunty 
:'( i just got a call from the hospital...my grandma had a really bad fall and hit her head open.. :'( i hope shes ok... 
wants to record so bad, but may wake up the girl friend from her beauty rest.   oh i have insomnia
I feel like a child when its hot and i dont want to go to bed. But the sun is still up-its too hot too sleep-whine whine 
We just got caught riding dirty !  fuckkk the police !
All folk are speaking about is theman found dead on highstreet 
is grumpy, even chocolate doesnt help!  PMSing can be a full time job
(@porn_valentine) Today .. I'm so horny ... yesteday I lose my boyfriend ... 
I have a text from many months ago from @rubicund saying 'juicy red whores!'. I wish I remembered what it refered to.  &lt;3
has just put puppies up for sale  weep weep
As I slave over the housework my dear daughters wont join in &amp; continue to &quot;chill&quot; on sofa 
@wildisthewind Not a fan of the handgun though.  
@lady_firey gross  - you need a 'fart' bomb from the local funny shop - will drive you out of the room - but he will have to go too!
@karlcandido i have a lady gaga follower, i want the real one 
Miserable, chap across the street just passed away 
hates that her ipod died so now she ant watch the new moon trailer before going to school  *pout*
...did my grandmother follow the tradition...nope. Dissapointing 
Just blocked a group of horny kitties and my follower count is back below 800  can I ask them to come back?
Interesting morning my mother just said I have no shame or moral compass  Thanks mom
bye aunty em 
I'z not a millionare no more. The cheat didn't work.   
@xbllygbsn noo! lol! i so hope they keep the one where i get the tombstone of l and d! cause i cant get blokes preggers otherwise  lol
@fat_cyclist is it any consolation to know I'm workin 430-830 in what's basically a giant greenhouse? And havin to deal with public 
@gseitel and i miss him too  thank god bindys the living legend i fucking love her animal loving self. And you&lt;3
@bookworm71   Did they not get what they needed from you?
@monthone  indeed, in paain, urgh lady pains! how are youu?
Me and buddy are lock out side coz dad went out and locked the main door 
beddy byez, sickling  missin my family, want 2 hug J :*( &amp; don't no how 2 uze this..............yet?? lol
@KatieLaRowe why??? I think paige already deleted hers... 
@MckMama my brother was bit by a chipmunk as a kid..they had to kill it, and have it tested for rabies   It was very sad, but safe!
drunk but NOT sick at bachelorette party: check! sharpie mustache when bride's brother picks us up: fail. no one had a sharpie 
My inner child is having a temper tantrum, the cafeteria is out of orange soda 
@myria101 kasie's cousin has it now...  i better hurry or the movie will be out just like twilight was!!
missing my mummy 
My mom wants to clean the garage today but i have a really bad phobia of spiders 
has just covered my boy in camomile lotion. He has chicken pox poor thing  x
i still miss that leprechaun  
@manicmomday  I am pouting for you my dear
@ingridmusic its super overcast in LaLaLand today. Metaphorically or not, its blue here as well. 
@fountain1987 The ending was such a cutie, but I can't see the happiness lasting 
Childishly made a daisy chain in the park. A throwback to happier, more carefree times   http://twitpic.com/6f3ya
@fountain1987 last ever? I assume you leave 2morra then :'(  2nyts was amazing. You are an incredible actor.. will be so sad 2moora!  xx
Sitting wanting to go to the lake with my puppy but my boy friend dont wanna  trying to get him to change his mind
dude.. freakin horror scene.i was smoking in the stairs n the lights closed automatically.pitch black.. spooky man n i dont have a camera 
@AyeBloodyRight its came up now, durty wee minx. a have beasty bites all ovar me! silly hill  and you DO talk shit.
im back from my aunts lets just say im worn out  and hurt my knee even worse. but now im having a cook out so be back later. love you guys
@orenmazor   I don't have a jewish grandma to cook me nums. This is discrimination somehow
Rest in peace awoowe macaane (grandpa) 
@JocelynWolff  its just people who no fox though.  she knows him but like colin is bfs with the billy dude and boyfriend to tif.
@realityraver nope!  can't decide if i'm disappointed, angry or just resigned to the type of mother I have. Perhaps chocolate will help?
He obviously needs a friend/playmate. wonder if droo would notice if there's another cat in the house on his return?! 2 bed. early start 
@jason_mraz lyrics are about to help me through another ordeal 
dang!! all my chocolate wrappers are gone!! the lady who cleans the house must have thrown them away  now i need to make up for that...
@TheSquare re: bulgarian survivor contestant, how sad 
could use sum lovin rite now 
@explodedsoda ha! I just don't think it will be as good as the tech demo. Also, this has to be a pedophiles wet dream 
ok...my mom ordered my taylor swift t-shirt before she ordered her kellie pickler one and she has hers but mine is a week late 
hey remember sock em' boppers??? I used 2 beg my mom to buy me n my brother a pair so we kud box but she never did 
@xXFedXx sigh i know  i wanted to go... it makes me sad cos his grandsons are super cute. they used to be waiters there.
@infoholic roaring scary thunder.  I'm officially reduced to a thumb-sucking shaking chihuahua.
@moonfrye Your telling me. I am the organizer of a mommy group with 180 other women and I have yet to make one close connection. 
@exit21 damn for real lol all that slurpy by myself 
@lovevelocity she's not a fan of the vagina. 
mourns the lost of his slacker lifestyle 
I need to get out of old lady mode I'm showered and in the bed and its only 930 damn wat happened to meee 
me+towel+evil hidey razor=disaster. 
@daveweigel you call that loneliness? my gf just left me for africa for 3 months. i've never lived alone 
has SERIOUS technical issues... transferring files to a lap top...    curses to the twerp who &quot;jacked&quot; my mac book....
Wants his chihuahua already so he can stay in at night, watch movies, &amp; cuddle with him!  I wanna give him some puppy kisses already.  
@ArtyTheCat @princessPdexter has captivated everyone here...my dad dislikes me i think...he says i look like babe the pig... 
@leopardqueen i am sorry, dear! 
they laughin at me because i pounded back some ucky charms  ahaha maan i told them i wasn't playin
my left shoulder is so sore  i love my boyfriend...he makes everything better .. goodnight
watching jon and kate plus 8 makes me sad-- I hope my husband never cheats on me. that would be a deal breaker 
@KatieKrafka WHich one of my awkward phrases made you do the awkward look around....I'll stop using saucy 
@ayoilly you really like that clown? 
stepmom went on a bitch trip. I didnt even get yelled at but i feel bad for the person that did lol 
bonfire? check. ghost stories? check. creepy-ass barn? check. leigha almost bursting into tears and unable to talk? double check. 
@x_farmgirl_x i dunno cos you guys have like 4 terms...we have 3 so its all different.... and ahhh 
So sooooo so sore from fighting my best friend in hollywood turf wars  didn't expect to be this beat from it! Lol http://myloc.me/2ld0
@piaguanio ah yesterday my cousin is of the contestant in the pussycat dolls dance contest but they lost so sad 
@tonibrain husky ! I had to give mine away  but they went to my nanna so they're all pansy and sooky now. all they do is sleep and cuddle
@MeganAbbott he quit the cab.  sad panda.
Helping mum with tea... onions making my eyes sting like crazy! I'm really sensitive to them 
When do my teef holes close up? I miss my besties  Only @Jenniferlynnnnn appreciate my ex lax stories
can't call my bestie  I forgot her number, my fault...
my mum called me a dole bludger  harsh i'm trying the best i can
Crying and sobbing over random gay romance stories on the net. I feel really silly.. 
cara: going to be watching a movie with my mum...we are both ill (she blates passed it on to me) annoyed that i cant get comfy!  x
Oh ya, rest in peace uncle 
Apparently belly is really used to healthyish food now &amp; really resents unhealthy. It letting me know that loud n clear 
my grandma just passed away :'(. I didnt even get to meet her once 
@yahyan you made me feel worthless again with what you just said...  my grandma grandpa and aaron are in the living room
@bellefantaisie we're like twins. im led here like a zombie..with really swollen lips..what a sight.  haha
@WestonsuperMum shes a horrible woman,too lazy to comb her daughters hair through  it wouldnt even of got rid of them all anyway 
dad ran into me in the hallway and the laptop hit him and made it hit me in ze chin 
hates going to weddings and funerals 
@agape_eternal awww what the hale  *huggg* i totally care!
@britesprite *gag - vomits into throat a little* that is an image I could have lived without... 
fairytales... I love fairytales, but listening to this is abit slow 
My favorite earring is broken!   Thankfully, I'm about to go visit the goddess who made it.
like that will happen. I will probably get a mom mobile with a stick shift. 
harry potter, my sister's keeper, new moon.....all these movies i MUST see this year and no baby sitter 
@jat45 The answer was more subtle. The bond wasn't hit testable because some muppet (me) had put IsHitTestVisible=false in the ctor. 
back to the white marsh apartment. bittersweet. i have my puppy but @BradFKing is at work. Ramen for breakfast? yum  miss momma's cooking
going to put grandma's ashes in the ground... it's raining 
oh and blanket too. i really miss my blanket  blanket is my best friend.
at work and ready to go home to my comfy cozy bed.  maybe the boss man will let me leave....i feel miserable.  
put that one in the photo album: baby's first argument on the phone in portuguese. have yet to receive the damn wood i bought. waiting. 
@aianna21 No fair  *pouts and sulks*
@mandyyjirouxx pray for my friend's dog mikey, he may has cancer  please pray for him
@ADAMDUPROSPECT hey sorry to hear that  ill def say a prayer for ur mom ..
watching ghost whisperer. i don't want jim to be dead ! 
hey anyone know who's doing the burlesque for britney spears aftershow parties this week? its with club dada; wish i was doing it 
@pookamachine  i had the same impeding doom feeling when we found out tate's mom has fiv
my brother just said when i am older i will be a tramp who lives in a dirty house with animals with wierd names and tadpoles everywhere 
@GeekySneaks no i am well aware that my addiction far surpasses yours... 
@scoop42 no media access, just a common man  did it perchance involve a tasty glass of comeuppance?
@robukletic - i tried to view but only airs a couple of secs and then locks up 
mumma cancelled our weds lunch date on me cos im sick, ghey. even my mother thinks im a walking disease. 
I am officially juror #4 for next 3 wks 
@mylittlesoapbox I'm sure!!  I wish they weren't so dog gone expensive!  I know it's totally worth it but I'm on a freelance/mama budget 
ummm, shitt... audition singing was great! dancing was death 
@JusREEnoMAS i understand exactly what you mean. It's no child involved, but I know your heart feels empty. sis i wanna take u away 
crazy old lady and now theyre bringin dolls into the equation  i no like this movie.
Freaking out because I can't find my stylist's number, lord KNOWS I need it! 
hates it when her mum trys to create noise pollution... duhz  http://plurk.com/p/y0edf
@kev_mck I want to cry  I need to start a homes for wayward woobies program.
i want the jonas brothers at my sweet sixteen, and my mom said maybe, but I need the booking number  so...
haha gross. i touched my mom with my boobs and then she farted on my leg 
Just got home from Two Tons. Only got to dance twice...once with my mom and once with a guy I asked. Sucks... I miss the spoke 
i need hot milo, fluffy pillow, comfy bed and my mother. 
@JalinMarieC I already tried to get him as my free pass and fiance said hell no!  lol    damn!
@oherrol those savages will tear her apart!  poor mum
my tummy hurts. but grad was awsome! I got to tackle joey since i didnt rush the stage. all of my senior yearbook buddies are gone 
sleepy weepy required... 
reading the kite runner per babe's request. i think he bought the book from someone in india/middle east cuz it smells like curry  yuck!
@clippercutqueen ugh I dont even know i lost it! it said jade's slang for prostitute  (i believe it though lol)
Our my bloody valentine came without the 3d! 
@BritishJen im sorry to hear about ur new found singledom 
i'm going to kill my dog she just ate my flip flops so now i have to go buy a new pair 
I just ruined my health streak and ate a mess of Japanese candy   http://twitpic.com/6iqf4
@miafreedman  lucky u ..i have no grandparents left...miss my nan like crazy and still sometimes pick up the phone to ring her 
Is beginning to think that maybe she should give up on this wanting to become an actress?! 
@matthbooth no joke matey, started at 2am - took them a while to get through the patio... no choice but to hand over the keys 
cut because i didn't hear a holocaust survivor 
thought it was too good to last - old kits and brit have come back with a vengeance lol 
Aw, the jack&amp;juliet forum is closing  Such a shame the writers never took advantage of their chemistry! *misses the hydra station scenes*
Still aint a pimp. 
my screen died.  thank god for apple care. hopefully i can get a new screen.
my mom's bathing in the rain. can't join. i have a cold. haha, sayang 
Oh, she got to the snappy stage  if it weren't for that cop she'd be melllllooooowwwww~ xD
@skbohra our principal sir has resigned.    just due to some politicians !!!!
@QueenBxoxo still find it quite weird ma auntie feels like crying when she sees me :$  ohh alright lol ;) keep getting mixed up with faces
away to make my mum a compilation of music while eating my sprinkless fab 
Oh shit, son! i m soo fucked up. im playing with 3 doggies 
My sis in law wants me to send my photographs.. Says i won't be allowed to talk to my gal till then.. 
@alwaysasidekick I am so proud for you, quitting smoking is so hard. my husband quit and started again  but yeah for you, you rock!!
 how much crying can one person really do? I mean come on, i can't go to work sniffily and puffy eyed. It's all my fault.
poppy munching away on doggy snack and victoria secret tracksuit is backordered  love it though
@urbanwriters oh my god that's a brilliant idea! But can't do theatre as forgot about the plumber/builder/assessor impending debacle 
Staying home to catch on reading. Not the dirty smut I love but rather academic journals...sigh. I would prefer dirty pervy smut... 
so all my friends ride these crazy roller coasters and I'm jus sittn on the bench lik a disabled old lady watching their bags. 
@dariachenowith the cunt messaged me back that if I was seeking unmitigated praise I shouldn't be on fic communities. So no. 
Working. This lady is really getting on my nerves because she acts like she doesnt understand 
My little sister is asleep and the kid's program is on tv, the most annoying melody in the world. and im too tired to turn it off... 
i &lt;3 gummi bears! and family guy. but why do they put all the good shows on so late? 
@smargargar AHAHAH wow I'm jealous babe...  (stash food in your man purse for moi) lol
Missing pride and taste of chicago for brother's wedding. 
says i want ashton to be my classmate!!waa.. (cozy)  http://plurk.com/p/y4vng
@creepymeow fairy tales are not meant to last 
@robotconscience the state. the jelly reminds me of my dad when he had a catheter after having surgery on his manhood. 
@elysion32 o_O yr not following me anymore  *walks away*
got scolded by mum for not doing household chores  where's my maid?pfft
@ladykillerr  janeeeey, heaps got a lama figurine bahah. made me think of you!! and i miisss 
@AdamSchwabe... aww this is heartbreaking  He's in doggy heaven now
@abctinyjonas my graduation party will be totally strict,because my killer teacher gotta give me some priceless advices 
i wonder if bat for lashes is doing a tour, not that i'll be going, noone will go with me, and i can't go on my own 
aww man i bloody h8 sundays dinners! y must my mam make them 
I'm getting mega man muscles from carrying my big daddy bass around everywhere... 
@Hules Molly  She was my sidekick. She always came with us camping and curled up in a little blanket between us. We were also worried
 my parents want us to declaw spencer. trying to figure out what softpaws can do for us. (thank god for fluther.)
I gotta pic of my baby cousin as my photo frame widget on my home screen. I just glanced at it.......I miss her lil' grown self. 
@themainecanada no   I asked my mom this morning &amp; she said we have to go visit my aunt &amp; blah blah blah.   SO PISSED
not looking forward to having to look at this dumb harry potter poster that is up in our office for the next 2 months.. 
I #BlameDrewsCancer for making me drive my wife and her cackling mates to the pub tonight 
@amieewhitney i love the whole entrance bit!, oh sum actor..who i only knew by face not name! old timer, my dad will be sad! 
haha walking to the hairdressers was not a good idea for sore feet  now theyre stinging like a bitch :/
making my daddy soup. He doesnt feel well.  shelby 
hello!!! chicken layed a weird egg that was like 2 eggs stuck together. miss my friend who went on german exchange 
My daughter is sooooo lame at sharing crisps.....!!!!oh well at least thats less in my belly 
Hopkins misses his mommy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/1343182
watching ghost on lifetime was not a good idea!  xoxo dally
@rach_at_code i'm off to get my dad's saw  haha! i don't like it, i'm so paranoid about it as it is
cool! to bad i spent all my robux on ads.  I am a proor man with a homestead badge now.
state of shock is the in-thang, baby. woohooo!  and on the sidenote, music folder exploding soon 
@McBAWSE ahhh I love riley and gangstalicious! I miss my boondocks dvds  #thingsineedbackfrommyex
Just woke up from a horrendous nightmare which involved human shields and tommy guns. I won't get into more detail 
 looking poor for #twenty20 rain means delays at mo feel bad for my daughter so unfair. please mother nature part those clouds!
Bishes just hatin on him because he doesn't prefer certain women... He's not gay! *walkin away, quietly praying that its not true* damn 
@bones5432 too fun! give hugs to your mom and dad..its raining here.no tennis or golf for phillip 
I miss my snuggle bear soooo badly.   
o nooo I have stalkers another stalker this one sits outside of any location I may be  not good @ all
@lordtiffany27 Lol, I might take you up on that offer! I'm going only for the open bar...and because my mom keeps telling me I have to 
@KirstenAlexa aww man that sucks  what did they do to get the whole class in trouble? maybe they just didnt realise it was your birthday x
@jenandhearts how insane will that be?! buzz out of the screen :| i think i'll wet myself of happiness. i'm such a saddo   ..
i have no stress release, especially with no hockey  always same environment and person (mum) *grrrr*
@ZARCOMOD aww thank you sweety!!!  you coming for dinner? I havent heard from anyone other than aggie 
@dark_fairydust i know you,dear.I heard mcr's secrutiy bigworm has samething with u.but his granddad.he said his tweeter 
I am a victim. A victim of electro-bitching  mocked for my taste in music and the shapes i'm cutting
just ordered slumdog millionaire on amazon, they should use paypal 
@musewire  i couldn't get muse tickets and my fam can't afford those expensive ones  i cry whenever someone says muse now no lie x
@tommcfly I would have a kitkat.. except my idiot of a class mate ate all his! 
@shannaleigh ha! no, but my knee hit the glass first and made this loud echo through the whole place and this lady ran over to help me.. 
crazy bike ride home &amp; entangled hair(ouch!!!) make me scared &amp; sad 
Slightly drunk  oh dear
Oh man. I cut off my toe nail in a very painful manner in the bounce house. Its all sweeny todd on my toe!  someone kiss it better lol.
@twentysixcats   They'll come in handy after pregnancy... when ... guests... come?
@Neoku it's a silly event not worth the twit 
@theHelenator Shoot! that sucks donkey balls  i lost a couple of good T's to the evil washing machinator myself.
@Tedums_Precious: I'm sorry, kiddo.  and...what?
wishing i was at lakewood with paramore  ... bout to watch slumdog millionaire ... and hoping @atlcutii made some twi.progress haha
back home and feeling good! shame mr lover's not here though 
@marykateos oh man coinstar is a huge addiction. except I can never keep up with my urges.. I end up using change for tolls and cigs  booo
is a very tried little lady, and need my bed 
grrrr! the verdict is in.. there is no bakers at the biltmore  metro it is :/
funfair is back in town, owning at skeeball, owning at the shooting range, food is terrible, but there is nobody to give my teddybear 
@ChoeBe   mine was a stray; dunno his exact age; went thru it all with me; marriage AND divorce; deaths; all...
@madness42192 omg i just saw on the news someone baked a kitty to death in the oven 
Ah, crap. I think I dropped my amish friendship bread starter at the office 
sadly...no young ladies have respnded to my open invitation. 
@DinoGoesRawr im not a pervert 
i need some sexy female follower ...  ill figure it out
i'm a sucker for celebrity's &amp; their live chats  it's sad lol
@shecklergirl damn yea!!! if u were at your dad's house, it was so close to there! a 70 yr old lady got struck by it 
 There was a cat getting into the trash outside and my grandmother screamed at it
@martinamcbride can't wait to see it!  how do i get my lyrics seen?  wrote about parental breakup seen through eyes of my grandchild 
I'm in rainy/steamy/fun SouthCarolina, but my husband and cats are suffering in Hellabama, ....   I miss the hairy bastards.
@Onei73 I would, but have to admit that I don't like hanging out as a solo female - too much craziness going on nowadays. 
is wishing she was at graduation and listening to hollywood undead - circles, to drown out her sorrow.  
GIRLS NIGHT!!! But I don't have a sis  odd one out...someone adopt me???
power just died at squirrel nut zipper concert, cry 
Being treated like the little step sister by @msbourgeoisie and @luv_fashion 
@Aeds ben's were charismatic, friendly, athletic, vegetarian &amp; great kisser (lolforever) when I tried to make jane, my computer exploded 
soaking my troubles away with bath salts... So sad to miss my bff's bachelorette party 
merlot rocks, but the wife doesn't like the scruffy stubble and won't kiss me   
@ShawtyyySoBadd whew wee,nicca I just read this story on line were 2 besties were partying&amp;crashed car,&amp; a bestie died.wow I would b lost 
@ChrissyC84 it wasn't. 2/3 days the plumber was in my apt. so I had no peace, no quiet, and not too much rest 
coheed, passion pit, manchester orchestra,  arctic monkeys, snoop, ben folds, deerhunter, dan deacon. wow i shouldn't even look at this 
feel like crying. ily @gabrielle_alma! jc cut his hair..the way i dnt like it  hes an amazing singer but my obsessions fading.
wonders if i should take up korean/japanese dance classes / salsa? (oh but i need a partner for salsa...  )
@floweringgarlic yes im sorry to say so  it kinda makes me sad. Here hows this she's my fav woman author and he's my fav male
@MiisLida you need to apply more perfume, I didn't smell cupcakes  and Friends needs a lil hate for that monkey storyline lol wtf?
My son is a champ. He fell and busted his lip on the cement and still wants to kiss his mommy even if it hurts 
oh man. I did not realize until I was in may 2009 that the octopus pie comics have title text 
wanting someone to cuddle with... I left cooper (aka my longhorn boyfran) back in atx.  sweet dreams my loves.
missing my boyfriend like crazy! i hate weekends when hes working 
When are the jonas brothers gunna be on sports center?! 
#cheapspeakers have everybody at rancho dancing to infectious pop. if twitpic was working, there would be a photo. alas, 'tis not 
I am forlorn.  No enterprising robot lady would go for my cheesey line. 
@songzyuuup at prime but wishin I was n ct wit u n my tsmb sis @soospecial but due to sum circumstances I couldn't make it as schedule 
My family takes my breath away - such a shame my 1st born can't understand nor partipate in these moments   http://yfrog.com/3ytothj
o night at the museum was so cute ,,,,5 yrs later lol we had movie night me and the kiddos minus my boyfriend  o well more popcorn for us
@kootoyoo gah!  desert boots  - my childhood horror! 
@ safe336... to be a nerd.  You're not following me?   you suck
@safe336 to be a nerd.  You're not following me?  you suck 
@ShannerNanner its a great passtime! i keep running into him 
wat the hell no cable !!!!!! missing fullmetal alchemist and tears to  tiara 
my manager makes me nervous damn short asian lady 
I'm watching mickey mouse with my baby brother trying to put him back to sleep...poor lil guy teething must not be fun at all 
@JenniferFates i want someone for myself! inneed for true love!   i'm just gonna go eat a cupcake and phone our mom
@jessVARNISH true blood is soo good, can't wait for the second season to be mine! I hear a rumor that one of my favorite characters dies 
@princess_wnda : what's wrong with the new guy darl? :p and yeaah i miss you too.NO DOUBT. can't wait to come back home SOON 
@coelacanths maybe out prime minister asshole ordered an underground atom-bomb experiment 
@coelacanths maybe our prime minister asshole ordered an underground atom-bomb experiment 
@designer_erica I miss her too! She was truly a one-of-a-kind sweetheart. 
I want to be a hippie but I forgot how to love 
ARRGHHH, still itching   I'm on the border of going mad
@DazzleMeThis stupid teenies  @turnitgrey start doin sexy poses fr th camera ha some playboy thing started folowing me ;) dream come true!
@gulpanag lady u are lucky u have a housekeeper! my weekends go in housekeeping 
my aunty met a chelsea footballer yesterday 
there's too much evil temptation food at my mum and grandma's house 
says dumadame snob sa plurk... bkt kea? haizt... :'-(  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/ysi8l
Just paid for a club penguin membership for my son - and it is not working   It did work earlier for my other son's penguin tho.. &gt;tears&lt;
My mammy left 
@K2_is_my_prince no...and i dont like her vocals in this song either 
Off to seduce innocent young things by hanging around a pub pretending to be a writer. If seduction fails, may actually have to work. 
wowee. my mum just left me...we were supposed to go shopping together... 
bday  there's a monster in the forest...
asks u guys to pray for my sis(clarr) for complete healing..  http://plurk.com/p/ytx4q
@thejsquared i wana study business. but accounting hates me to the bones  IFHML hehehe - B
@rachaely57 Mankini or no mankini???? C'est si difficile 
sleeeeeeeeepy. epic day! poor lover is in a cast  he's a toughie!
#f1 pit radio is totally cringeworthy and pointless. 'I love you, man. Thanks to all the team, my family, dog blah blah.' *pukes* 
I have a craving for a chocolate muffin, don't have any. I had a nightmare that I walked in on my boyfriend shagging my cousin last night 
&amp; she kalled me and old lady  lol
WTF!! There's 2 parts to this homo~erotica!! @iamspectacular u shld have left the chains on to distract from the bird chest 
The waiting room is emptying out....can this chick call my name please??? I wanna get 2 chick-fik-a 4 breakfast 
@alliterated My sister has very sharp features, &amp; is considered &quot;the looker&quot; of the family. A guy? Yikes. That deserves a cold-shoulder. 
the hawaian gay scene is so dry LOL 
@geekgirl444 i sent an email to my son's school but attached the wrong details. i've told them about my glowing boobs and witty repartee 
@lady_firey don;t worry - I am still working - deda line looming and I feel like I am behind the eight ball 
@DoubleEdgeSword no ma'am they haven't called yet.  lol!
@maureenxxx Sounds like you spoil your husband. I've got to watch whatever the ladies in my house want. I'm outnumbered 3 - 1 
Wow my mom won't let me buy honor society tickets.     i hate my fucking job.
@sarahvip wtf do you mean, we have paparazzi lol. and buy me that bracelet  but seriously i would get it, if it wasnt $8, what a waste.
got a girls aloud domain going spare, duno what the hell to do with it 
was hoping to take princess 2 doggy park...but hubby changed his mind 
@earl1987 where is your soul? 
The first apartment was huge and I was in love but it costed about 750$ per person.  mann.
no cowboy hat for me 
@naughtymutt @violetbakes We have had our first gogo based argument - could only find one bag 
my favorite female celeb seems lke the fame went to her head  She said she would never change, but now shes all tanned up and glammed  ...
@loopy_lala sorry to hear that it rained on your daughters performance  I'll keep my fingers crossed for sun!
then i have 50 million errands to run and head to my glam squad to get looking hot for the playboy party tonight, still no outfit 
@Kimble09 @JaneDoes  she nevr smoked a day n hee life, shes young too in early fifties' no kids thnk god but a hubby and fam 
@loretin @ChavisToaster @GlobeAlone74 It's sad... The new pervy generations have kicked us out 
just got sexually assaulted by a 150lb pit bull - i'm going to need to speak to a grief counselor because i feel violated. ewwwwww 
@kenwhitten If you're going to one or both recitals today, please tweet a picture. I'm sad not to see my diva girls dance. 
@scottdjmills not you're not the only one watching footie, and if i was it would be saints and that would be depressing 
im so fucking pissed. the youth director said she didnt have enough room in the van so my mom has to drive all three of us to laser tag! 
@Rockstarbk go visit my grandma and kiss her for me 
@KimKardashian when i was eight years old i had really long hair and my gramma cut it so short that i couldnt even feel it in my neck 
one pregnancy cast done, only 8 more to go   http://www.caribimbi.blogspot.com/
lover far apart....     I miss u 'n love u so much!
Just woke up,had the most amazing/confusing dream,and now all I wanna do is see my bestie who is leaving for a good portune of the summer 
@andrewpycroft i had a beanbag when i was little, but i dont anymore. my cousin weed on it 
Cricket fever has gripped my family pa nd bro on phone talking bout match.....m feeling left out 
@KNicholeMusic no ma'am, it doesn't. I wish it did tho 
@TheAndyKaufman dear god, he's probably gonna die like phil hartman or from alcoholism    white man comedian curse
I just got sent to the naughty step by my daughter for buying giant chocolate buttons when I am on a diet 
Shit sims 3 fucked up my dads PC  now i'm on my brothers  and the fast foward is not fast at all 
@lemondrop60 oh man that is a hard life... So summer school isn't looking to good... richland never e-mailed me back... 
standing in line at chick -fil-a....at the airport. man pickin his nose in front of me...i am about to offer him a tissue..unreal 
just been watching the first episode of the final series of er...how emotional was dr pratts death? tears were rolling down my cheek 
@worshiptheram I'm in interest just by putting goth and country in the same sentence... however, I cannot go.  my mom decided to show up.
Talking about gypsy and belly dance clothes and suddenly super duper miss my mama!!!! 
@ButterflyNova  thats unfortunate honey! i am super grateful my dad is a mechanic. ill keep my fingers crossed that they do you right.
Eating at china king in sterling by myself  I miss @meghanmcpherson
Watching episodes of sex and the city feeling a lil out of it I completely lost my voice hopefully I don't have bronchitis 
daddys jacuzzi jets just scared me 
slumdog millionaire wasnt as good at i thought it would be 
@camiknickers People are treating you like a callgirl 
@hiabowman pretty good ... errands with hubby   not my fav
@VioletsCRUK hot fireman isn't a nice drunk I'm quite sad 
My daughter's boss is kinda hot........but very gay!  
@britneyspears hey i saw your baby's dancing to ur song that was soooooooo cute it made me laugh god bless them. wish you came to philly 
Fricken a. I'm exhausted. And I'm stuck in queens. I wanted to see digamy. 
@emmacoakley ehem and me  haha wat an adventure
@ClancyGoLightly my dear aunt. i will miss you terribly. please dont leave me and then become a senior 
Taking care of sick daughter  But treating myself with a filet and a good glass of wine, of course.
I'm pretty sure I would have had sex with prince... The prince from the 80's 
@lpstkone humph! So!? Lol...I used to be able to say that too, but I think stress has taken its toll  I see old pics and get sad lol
to afim de ouvir jonas brothers. and this is not a joke 
I just want to sleep. but I have to go babysit. 
got attacked by a mob of angry chavs who had a large disliking for my doc martens now my knees and wrists are bleeding. hurts 
@hippy2094 mybe 
I am sooooo cold!!! by old lady bones hurt me  so i am going to go get warm in my bed x x x x x god bless all x
@LiFeSiZeBaRbii i havent been gettin any attention from the barbie lately! my brother gets all the love now 
Just got finished doing my worst standup performance ever - felt like 20min earthquake LOL (laughing @ myself) - not even sympathy laughs 
I have a confession to make, I stole that joke from @mrmadsen 
-posh apparently 
le sigh  I woke up to my kitten pulling down all the sticky notes off my desk -_- damn attention seeker 
I hate having the kid that whines at the wedding. 
ok i am hungry and the bride and  groom aint here yet 
loves how a glass of squash turned into a drink with my dad gahh feeling sick now 
Weddings suck when theres no chicks your age. 
2 degree F slaps if you're into neo-soul. 
@zoziekins  take it easy, dear.
@kenyaste Ewwww Shipleys 
dad accidentally took ALL my shoes to the salvation army. fml. I dont even have flip flops anymore 
@newz_junkie so sry to hear about your grandmother  I will say a prayer for her..
Thinks i never have to say for the concerts in my town cuz i can hear them from my house. And its never good music!  off 2 c star trek.
thinks @aplusk should stop posting pictures of creepy dolls haha! no sleep for me tonight... 
tried... can't go to the sway sway baby tour coz of so you think youo can dance tour 
off to visit grandparents, but they live in a vodafone dead-zone so not tweets for a while. 
@mcr_rocks_alot no! my baby brother is crying like crazy because he bang his head on the table 
In a local pub, watching a local group - the savages 
I'm seriously bored!! I don't feel like studying todaayy! But shit, bio payaaahhh!   when is the holiday!!?? It feels ages away!!!
@GeezusHaberdash I know  and you busy having sex fantasies on here lol
i feel bad at honking at some lady not making a left at the light. 
@dicoyta  no!  Sounds good!  These weren't even real pops, they were just frozen juice from when my daughter was just sick.   lol
My own son wont dance with me. 
went 2 this party 2day... it was str8. then this bad bitch in purple showed up. lil mama had a mean swag. she aint pay me no attention. 
is quarrentined at her parents till she's not sick...gotta love having no one around you AND feeling like death. 
My mom says the pimple on my forehead reminds her of a unicorn 
@xmannyboix poor manny  does your mum need a lap dance?
there's no way i'd rather end my day than with a family singalong to 'wonderwall' by oasis, older bro on guitar. jealous of his talent. 
i miss my papa bear very very very much 
@CarolenaSabah bah! 3 followers quit since then...so now you're #97  btw, *loved* the opening scene of witches of portobello.
and I'm mad at my man!!  but I'm  a get the liquor flowing 2 wash away the madness well get back later hearts &amp; kisses
@pdxnorm My achey breaky heart wants to sell this house and head for the hills. pronto. I'm just not a beach girl. 
#confessions i actually have ''dexy midnight runner-come on eileen'' as 1 of my ring tone 
so ebay went down just as i decided to buy this item! argh, i just want my wonder woman weekend bag already! 
P.S. I am cotton candyless because of a mean woman  thanks alot! but next time @whatacatchsarah and I will get our cotton candy!
 lola's still in the hospital...everyone pray for my grandma ok?
up waaay too early due to restless spouse and child - boo 
dear alok, i miss you already 
@crazyycamille my dads being a jerk and won't buy me snowballs. That made me miss you and your snowballs. 
I just bailed my cousins hott buff boyfriend out of jail. Its a shame he is straight 
I made my mom cum upstairs 2 sleep wit me until i can find it cuz im terrified to kill it  i kno i sound crazy.but y did god put
Oh come on! an eagle killing a man with a turtle in the desert? what happens to the writers of csi? they mad? I really miss HouseMD 
@trent_reznor This is getting way too high school soap opera. I love you, man, but I'm really thinking about muting the drama. 
@BrookeAdamsTBG5 cry to wait no bawl  is that how u spell it lol
http://twitpic.com/6t7li - this is what happened to my jumper after my sister burnt me with insence! my poor jacket 
hiya. watched a very boring motocross. i got splashed w/ mud. yikes. 
Staring up at the moon wishing u were in my arms  missing u like crazy..
Hangover was awesome but gave the idea of a divorce to my father awesome what an amazing fucking night 
I think kevin gave me a sty. 
i really miss my hadji podgie 
stillathome. i blame lily for this!  i miss him, even though he's a douche bag. not a big fan of summer so far. /:
I want to drive to forks washington. I'm so close. I need a romantic lover to follow the moon with . 
@kennokishi no kidding. But they do have goode family, which is pretty entertaining...but no pushing daisies 
i miss the saudi kids. the random dance parties and the smoking rich stuck up arab speaking classmates i had. i misssss it 
what is up with these viva viagra commercials? I was so not expecting that old couple to waltz into the bedroom. kind of creepy/gross 
@ohthyme I didn't even get to go! my brother is a jerk sometimes  no apparently the afro ones were on show only
My brothers been taken to hospital, he's pretty ill at the moment.  god speed little bro...
@lovin_syl @0mie I wear the pants in my family. She just chooses them!   lol
boooo, some tiny girl here tonight told me &quot;you'd look good super skinny and anorexic.&quot; oh.  so mean. h8 life. herrro diet.
looking at my year book while eating ice cream with my bestie hannah. school tomoz  i like sims 3
ze mother has spoken.. no playoffs fo' kathy til homework is finished 
@MonicaHluv the curbs in florida are monsterous, i fell off of one in orlando near church street and my friend got a pic of it  lol
@NiteStar http://twitpic.com/6tgn1 - She's so adorable! It is one of the worst things, having a child suffer.  *hugs* to you both.
just came home from the wedding. oh, my cousin's gown is so beautiful! and weddings really make me cry... 
@jaellima no roomies?  turn some lights on! Lol
Aw no izzy from greys is dieing. She's one of my fav characters  hopefully they find some miracle cure before it's too late!
Waiting for paperwork... Not looking forward to c my fing boss at 7 
@cocoy lots of articles to read and talagang totoo, may gray area on how to amend our constitution that any tyrant-wannabe  can exploit 
is putting it out there on twitter... if anyone has seen a lost black daschund cross round the hills... let me know! 
@LindseytheFirst bloomin police! still waiting to find out about my alleged 102... 
What happened to RayRay? 
doesnt allow walk-thrus  learned that 1 the hard way...&amp; drunk girls will do just abt anything- including sing into ur ear in a sexy voice
waaahh dont steal my crops in barn buddy please 
i was 'sposed to watch drag me to hell tonyt but no, it had to rain and my mom had to be paranoid about driving while its dark and rainy. 
I just tried to trip my cat. But I kicked him  I kno he hurtin cus my foot hurtin. No1 told him 2 be chasin my daughter lol
Is so bored, hubby away with ex army mates, harry away with grandparents so its just me, the dog and the gerbil 
yall, I may be putting my destiny's child cds into storage for a while! 
I pity my sweetie for doing household chores...I wish I was there to help him... I am missing him so much! 
at dinner, my big brother bit into a cherry tomato and it went all over my face and top ..not cool 
@LadyEcclesxX + btw my mother is having second thoughts about buying the gaga tickets!!! 
On the naughty step 
Heading to church. Also, unbeknownst to me, found out my mom's side of fam reunion is today. Wish I could be there...kinda sad 
@billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
@billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
. @billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
@billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
the scuba diver dude is soooooooooo guilty! 
- @billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
@billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
@billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
@billyraycyrus oi tell your daughter to lower her ticket prices we cant afford it in london  my sister cried.
&amp; they'll never make tunes like 'fake tales' or 'certain romance' anymore tbh I just miss the good old arctic monkeys. 
Listening to preveiws of Ashleys new album....ugh i think july 28th is soooo too long to have to wait! 
I am overwhelmed w/ grief jst thnking that so many women/mothers--self-sacrificing, selfless, nurturing...--have bought into these lies!! 
@jessicanichelle that's badass. I've been meaning to add to my future chest piece but i keep getting distracted 
moving stuff with my mom,helping her, and then i highly doubt imma go to the queens parade  but ill chill with lunchbox then x33
@EvilNanny still feeling wobbly then  I think the 450 tripped you on purpose - it's naughty like that!
My sis got me sick  curse u cough nd chest congestion!
My loving brother has decided now ... now that I'm packing to go home ... he's start up the bbq ... smells yummy 
not done much mums throwing a virgin vie party   bored out my mind
need friends! real ones!  just totally got burnt  by the biggest douche nozzle in the universe
back on college ... I'm alone in bedroom ... and I miss my darling ... soooo much !!! 
@PatsyTravers My mum keeps saying your not getting much for christmas if i get u these  but i don't care! xD lol. x
mom's recipie sambar done. i forgot to salt  other wise pretty good .
@HarajukuBeauty I kno!!!!  But what's been up wit u mamas?!?!
gotta get dropped off at my ex girlfriends house by my mom so that i can hitch a ride to camp with her new boyfriend. at least hes cool. 
@pocket_poptart me tooooo. apprentice that is. had to cook my own dinner    well otherwise it would be something burnt &amp; weird
@tanyalcohoon 1)My sister guilt tripped me! I regret my choice and 2) It's been a while since i got a cut so yeah...pretty much.. 
Ahh, I need to pickup my suit today, but laziness is my bitch lover 
@ChelseyHart i was just visiting my great auntie, shes got two blocked arteries in her brain :S and my great uncle is really ill aswell 
i love my new nail art - i made it! and how i wish i have a sister so i can try it on her too.  soooobbss
It's official. I'm an orphan. 
dude. i was going to make cookies for @kadeholloway and his crew but i have a graduation party to go to before the show. sorry boyss. 
I mis my twin sistr shes gone 2 camp. 
@TheAndyKaufman dear god, unsolved mysteries is lame without that dead guy 
hopes her mom finally gets a dog, but i have to answer kgb texts so i didnt get to go to the humane society 
i want my teddy  corr find himm
dad made me rid the yard of dog doo today.  ick.
so i'm in creep rehab &amp; everytime i try to be a creep i have to give my nephew $5.....i've given him $10 already 
@JonathanRKnight awwww sweetie  have some coffee dear... I'm sure the fans by the buses would get you somethin!!!
@symphnysldr i wish i could see you. but i'm going to be at camp.  sad panda.
@eilo18 i know maan :// ahahaa lets get them to record it &amp; stick it on myspace! :') i have so many bruises from that show man 
looking like yasmina's team is going to win  c'monn kate. #apprentice
at community park eating free tacos... but they're all gone  http://twitpic.com/6us8z
I'm pissed cause my aunt wouldn't buy me a teenage mutant ninja turtle shirt 
doing a history project, wishing i was at dancing for a cure with miles, danny, kait and lisa 
Just been blubbering away watching secret millionaire.... 
Enjoying being all dying on sofa being sicky and watching telly until message from emma: hiya how's you turkeys awesome so hot 
Watching the first eviction show of #bb10. Beinazir better not go tonight 
@scene_slut low blow mimi 
At the bridal shop &amp; its kind of depressin...where is my hubby?  L0L!
the lady with the buick was not there. 
My romeo is 4 years older then me. What kind of luv story is that? 
@golddiamonds - oh honey bun x  i can't wait to see you and give you a great big hazy hug x my dear kol sister x
What not to say to a girl who rejects you: &quot;I'd be mad too if I was built like a back scratcher. go eat some dough &quot; I need new friends. 
@OfficialBB #bb10 i get the feeling it will be Beinazir..... i like her..... not sure why, but i do lol..... but i think it will be her 
Beinazir didn't deserve to go...  at all! what had she done wrong?? gutted.
i miss my grandpa and how he heard everything 'from a wee birdie' 
@JoshieWashie it's a mini poodle my sis was going to get but she just told me some things came up and she's not getting it anymore 
hopefully my dad leaves right at 7!!! oh god i hope my uncle doesn't come late. ahh and my throat hurts a little bit! 
I find this all a little creepy...my fist followers were sex ads! yuck. 
Aw crapness my beautiful perfume is all gone!!!  I need more princess or even rock princess!! Now!!!!
And so it begins...the nightly crying for the paci. This is torture for the both of us. 
@tynie626 aww!! cute pics of the boys, i take it you missed them   im surprised there wasn't some sort of mob frenzy!
back in wilkes-barre. plus lots of flowers. minus boyfriend 
My mothering skills scare me 
In terms of pictures, always the bridesmaid, never the bride... 
Being yelled at for a small mistake. I fucking burnt my food, and now my dad's yelling  Sucks to be me right now :'(
The hubby is watching &quot;wild hogs&quot;.  He's having withdrawal cuz the hog is in the shop. 
so my ginger guinea pig died  mega sadness in the house right now
Suunburn from my neighbors bday party. I was funnn there was a bouncy and water balloon fight! But I forgot sunblock and now I can't move 
eee(: well my mom's making a huge cake for my choir class for a going away party for my teacher  wait now im sad again
@Rackap my bday is july 17th!- friday. i would LOVE to move there. but money is an issue, and plus the fact my son hates it there. 
awh man,  i made our conversation awkward... http://tumblr.com/xdu1z9lev
I'm sad bridezillas is over.  those women were priceless
@KatieRose393 i accidentally dropped my sisters ipod. down the stairs. she cried  so i tried giving her mine but she wouldnt take it.
i'm gonna be a good girl and stay at my dorm doing my reading and will not go to the banjo-playing guy's house 
@kristimcarlson oh she is my dream woman and I dont have cable Tv 
@Lissarankin omg!  when i was 7 i was under the tutelage of a strict ballet company nazi...she whacked us on the butt with a yardstick 
i want my kiddo already 
@RachelMcAdams_  rut roh....wish i had some advice about milk being from the dairyland but alas i'm a city girl &amp; have no clue...sorry 
I've just picked up my daughter from kindy and its sooo cold my toes and fingers are numb 
@Kbelize it should have also been stopped once legends such as janet, whitney &amp; prince jumped on bored. hurts my soul. 
@PrincessVKS awww I forgot to tivo it  love you my dear
@tamer06 is about to leave  . i'll miss this girlie (again).
I'm such a little girl still, I bawled my eyes out saying bye to my mom  I'm on my way....nyc--la--warped
just drove by my old dance studio. its completely torn apart. i got a little sad. @thuggy_D we pretty much grew up there 
@trekkie23 laptop?  not sure. its on loan from my sisters in -aws.  Ours went to iraq with her husband.  
me and celinda are going to jail tommarow  we stole a balloon from a lil kid
@schaeferj89 you're allowed to wear a lego man necklace but when I wear a gameboy necklace i get teased. 
@ImKelz what's wrong with dreads down 2 their nuts? 
My honey bun went to the vet today!!!!   But she getting better, appearently she got her skin caught on something while shes @ the kennels
So sad a lady just fell superhard 
my little sisters have colds  get better soon angelina and shardai xox
@sunny525 I'm sorry  It's tough going through something so traumatic. I'm my grandma's caregiver, I related to the entire movie too!
@victoriapop charm will not work against tyrants  #iranElection
Iranian beatings competing for space in my head with my new boy. I have never been so grateful for our own decrepit govt. What a world 
mum keeps getting fake chocolate from woolies i want the real thing 
@richard_baker journey fine, staff lovely. no toast with breakfast for some reason. 
@VioletsCRUK friend txt wants to go wee wander round shops! Then I got rachel at 4.30  no relaxing with monster child lol
Feeling as good as lovers can - I wish this applied to me 
sitting with a bag of lollies &amp; chocolates that mum bought me. get braces 30th june. not impressed at all 
I told my mom i'd become a hermit if things didn't work out with my ex. i guess its hermit time now. 
@bluepirateship sister tan.  i'm bored. I'm going to go buy the magazine now.
Disappointed how a colleague can so spectacularly  fall of the diet wagon 
I'm watching the nanny 
@glnelmes nah but i have seen a few in my time. also my mum likes shitty generic rock  its so sad how the mighty have fallen
Just said goodbye to a couple of cheeky munchkins   http://twitpic.com/7gdpp
i don't know what to do!! should i see the jonas brothers which i doubt i will.. or go transformers premiere?? help me 
@xo_nathalieee p.s. skeeters currently gimpin it up. somethin happened to his front foot (mom votes splinter) and he's limpin around 
@Vaalentia I'm fantastic dear. I've missed you though 
cant find my bloody passport aaggghhhhh!!! no holiday on sat if i dont..! 
Yes,I did missed it  I was too busy to sort the kids out to go to the shop with my husband.
Watching desperate housewives and bored out of my brains. 
@Stevehart dear me  that was poor !
@tommcfly you were wicked at the festival,i was right at the front abit drunk!you were brilliant dude!i lost my phone in the crowd though 
@rickoshea collins barracks is my 9-5... unfortunately i'm in the geek department, not an interesting curator type 
I just finished reading 'my sisters keeper' and holy shit i am sitll balling my eyes from it! i dont know how someone can right that sad! 
@princess_jess13 i know, its a crime 
@imstillharlems from desperate housewives.  i'm devastated actually.
@rynashafiee he's doing just fine. i think im allergic to it  just like my rabbits dulu. the 'rodent' family. you wanna take care of it?
poxy proxy playing up 
loves her boy, a lot. But why his shoes are so dirty (+stinky). 
@Spacecable we're all a slave to the wage mate 
My ex-boyfriend fucks 17 year-old boys that look like pre-op trannies 
is hoping that my munchkin did not catch his mommy's strep but is thinking he may have given his current pitiful demeanor 
hooded up rugged up struggling to tweet due to xtreme rugged-up-ness, watching pushing daisies (2 eps lft!  ) then gettin my true blood on
oh hey. sorry i havent updated in a while ive been helping my mom with a garage sale... which was a total bust 
i love the killers. more than is naturally healthy. i can't wait to see cassie!! i miss you like an empty toaster misses bread. 
Wheres my mother  i need to go for a shower ... 
@ookalot it's true. Eyes all squiffy. 
Just called the nrew sitter  I miss my G
@brooding_soul and it looks dang good! hope the jerk that sold the pics is feeling mighty guilty w/his money bags right now tho 
@grizzlypufff babes he is 17 next month, older that us!!so we must be wee girls :L and nobody cool has my bday 
@OneHappyTree Sounds like our son! We even had to give away our cat of 11 yrs.  We kept eliminating stuff &amp; he still was so sick &amp; itchy
has just failed psychology so i am now trying to do better in child d on wednesday 
At lunchhhh. I forgot my chap stick 
hv to get another pair of ballet flats 
getting drunk then sending drunken texts to everyone is NOT a good idea...ohhh the aftermath... 
@princess_charl ticker went ballistic 
my doggie is a bully  im stuck in an abusive relationship  save me save me! D:
@stephcorwin Have you been sick, little lady?? 
I cannot believe the ties of my jump suit i'm wearing just got covered in wee wee as they fell down the toilet as i was peeing! I smell! 
My co worker's 17yr old niece is missing  hope everything works out
arggggh my ghost whisperer episode keeps jumping 
I hate that my bff @princess_nay isn't 21 yet!!! ugh I prolly shouldn't even go buy a dress 2day 
My dads only attractive hot rod friend is here, nice suprize for me in my pjs with a plate of pizza 
@hairdryer A teacher who taught at retford oaks  he was pretty ace tbh
i feel bad.....i barely even tweet about prince....i miss him soo much 
http://twitpic.com/7hcvw - i miss prince so much 
Watching ghost rider It could of been so good 
@lady_dotty still wet'n grey here 
@kookywitch blower's daughter yan right? than song brings me to tears everytime. 
All my friends are getting wittle kittens and I want one sooo bad but they make my eyes so itchy 
So odd sometimes my pals. four men quarreled on some trifle... and this hurts me very much. but i don't understand why... 
mum gave me a freddo to cheer me up, but he made me more upset 
just hit the coach outlet in gilroy, no cute shoes 
has the worst stomacheache shes ever had... prayers please 
nevermind, not going to the mall because my mom is extremely annoying. love life but not really. outta eyeliner 
@SineadGrainger I tried the magic thing, I made a wee boy cry  he thought I was some monster cause of my lip too D: kids hate meeeee
@AhcomeonnowTed ooh lucky wife &amp; son,  good tickets! I seemed to have missed ballot at our club 
@Schofe im scaired of clown 
Ugh I didnt eat dinner yet why is my mother sooo slow at cooking!?!?!?!?!?! goooood my tummy rumbling 
homesick for nb 
@teamftskaty kind of late but your curse of curves lyrics are wrong. 
only one more episode of eden of the east left 
i am waiting on tradesman... me thinks i shall be waiting a whiles  i am also smiling.. and have cheeks that hurt...
my mother is making me watch a scary movie about a damn possessed porcelain doll.  Those scare me.
@killedthelights nope  bc my mother is gay.
@SheLvzTheBatman lol no its a newer one, its got a woman singing in it, its quite dancy.. i think... i forget now! short memory span  lol
@TTUNNELL I got arrested for swinging my sword around on top a school.there is not innuendo there. it was a real sword and a long story 
I miss MZB and her signed rejection letters with tips. Even when I was a stupid kid sending my stupid kid stories. 
*sighs* my child could care less about talking  to me on the phone. It's too much excitement &amp; fun at daddy's house.  
@PostItNoteIdeas dear ksam, we didn't hang out much at all. 
How can this be! I'm already out of my camp rock lip chap  now I'm sad.
wow sick to my stomach, re: colleague called for advice on situation where caregivers jackknifed assets away from elderly tutu  FUCKERS!
#iremember when my grandma used to still be all full of spunk and energy. 
Being slowly destroyed by letting agent owing me, running out if food and cant afford to get back to see the mum and the sisters  xx
@helloshana and why aren't you online mah dear? 
is not a good carpenter.  
is sad to see another celebrity marriage bite the dust.    http://tinyurl.com/mgshs3
 No longer a happy-chappy. I hate you all...
@infiltrators O no, I am feeling guilty 4 dragging you out to dinner last visit, dear introvert! what a dumb-dumb i am   now i know be ...
My bio-mom is packing to leave tomorrow  I just gave her lots of suncatchers and dichro pendants though! :]
Feeling like worst mother in world, let bub cry for 20 min then gave in &amp; fed her - poor mites body was racked with sobs 
@itsmackaw she is talk peace and love ofcurse mackaw her hippie wjajjajaj i miss you 
god, never eat taco bell. I'm so so so icky feeling 
@meewunk: Dammit Meewunk I'm a graphicsmaker not a miracle worker! The caps suck. 
@ateague28 you're making me homesick 
hmmm well my dad had an english accent...mmom has an italian accent..and ihave no accent 
my parents heard me having sex on my honeymoon  their fault for getting the room next to ours
@juliakontos my camp friend laffy(he called you a butch lesbian) isnt coming back to camp  he just told me. im sad. but kendra will fix it
That lady lied one of my dino prints is already coming off  the chick at 7/11 thought it was real...bwahaha
just want my introvert 
Batwing is closed  superman escape it is  http://twitpic.com/7ilnw
watchin raw with my uncle and curtis!!  randy orton is muy beautiful        of course my boy is more.. lol ;)  i miss you @philliphorne 
@txjlh nurse jackie looks good. We don't have showtime though 
I so badly wanna watch i love you, man, ghost of girlfriend's past, dance subaru, pelham 123 
@lovealleyc awww baby love !  so im guessin its no roosters for u? my pizza bttr hurry up and get here bfr i fall asleep!
I am really intrigued by this woman in my town who cares a million plastic bags and has duct tape shoes...I gotta know more about her... 
my dad's going on a ghost hunt 2maro night...I just smashed my finger and it hurts really bad. 
@Michelee1433 I just started watching the newest episode but my youngest is whaling upstairs.... So I guess it's being put on hold 
@shaaqt ocricket team now has a new cute employee.. But sala mjslim hai. 
So there's this guy and I think he likes me...but I'm totally not feeling it...true story. sad story 
so this must have been the worst day ever i found out my great aunt died last nite and my dumb ass cousin gets locked up 4 armed robbery 
Just left wave's. I wish i could have stayed longer  but going to nanas so its like double 
tired wanting to read the twilight saga eclipse book and twilight saga breaking dawn i have to wait till the sister is done  o well
@eddieesco omgahh your language. you dont sound like this ever  &amp; is that the one with the psycho husband? aha
all of chanel bags cant heal my feeling. it hurts, living in someone else's dreams 
Feeling a little moody at the momment  stupid PMSing
man, mom is cranky when she is tired. totally blew my plan to get food. darn 
@killregrets  i stopped watching that and celebrity rehab cuz it made me want to do drugs.  Sh*T is that normal? ShoOT me.
my body is really need break after saman dance lesson 
having a friend suggest tying me down sounds good, until she reveals it involves forcibly watching a chick flick. 
@am83design yeah, sweets...the camcorder WAS you... your cashier number was all over it. 
@JusREEnoMAS sry reebunny  ...4got trigga trey was residing with you (walks away, kicking rocks)
So I'm not tired, but my mother keeps giving me medicine for my allergic reaction  -- I dont want to sleep ://
goodbye my almost lover, goodbye my hopeless dream, i gotta go to school now. 
@HucklebrryQuinn im waiting on my almost lover to call! 
#haveyouever had pity sex wit some1 
my kitty hates me 
ughh gave @clearwire the wrong address by accident. still don't have internet  in apt 
i came on and there is 89 tweets from ella!!!!!!!!! WTF girl !! i missed you  ps only the front row in choir do actions,me you and kerri..
I randomly woke up.. now im hot  listening to cant have you by the jonas brothers 
watching lord of the rings-fellowship of the ring...it always makes me feel better when i'm blue 
was watching intervention cryin my eyes out cuz it reminded me of someone in my family i love dearly! 
My cat is chewing the sticky tabs out of my tea notebook  oh dear.
@blogbabygabby I loved pinky and the brain! and teenage mutant ninja turtles. They don't make cartoons like that anymore. 
@michaels_feed funny you say that, I live right next to the airport  re the outlaw gangs, have many stories to tell too.
I want a girlfriend   So I can cuddle her,love her,taking care of her when shes sick and just love her for who she is.
awww man~ i knew i forgot something. i forgot my camera for tonight's jap buffet spread dinner w friends!!  wanna snap all the good food.
@enelrahs soz i made lilac a loner. i made her befor e i made her u. 
@VALmoo so sorry my dear 
My mommy mad with me cause she's found my lighter in my bag aaaaaa  fiuh, but its okay she's not look my cigarettes in my maksi bag hihihi
@SukieBunny aww, that's too bad  must be hard being allergic to cuteness ;)
i asked my dad to go buy me a twix and i had to explain to him what it was and he got me some uncle toby oat bar thing 
hates ex girlfriends.psychotic mothers.a bf who is supposed to be in st. john.and a whole lot of tears and miscommunication. 
hey everyone send good vibes for ralph&amp; marcella that the villa valenti pub is back up &amp; running soon. can't imagine what they're feeling 
I think my kitty's gone evil 
@bugs_caslib oh no! will say a prayer for your mum! 
@amandaAUDITION awe mama was my favorite  did he get caught like eating munchkins on the job
Megabowo should campaign on woman rights, equality before the law and policy reform. nuff of the spiteful speech, barisan sakit hati 
@bradiewebbstack you can call me aswelll.i havent been able to convince mother dear to let me pre order 
did you know, koala fingerprints cannot be distinguished from human fingerprints? fortunately, few pandas pursue a life of crime. hahaha 
got a call from my baby mama. my god daughter doesnt kno who i am. the only time she recognize me is whn im wit my X(her god father) sigh 
ouef, mum won't let me watch it  ahh wells, i'll got sleep dreaming about kirby.
My co-worker wont quit talking to me so that i can wrap this essay up.  
@meetjonasbros so loving your background listen to this its sad  radio 1 jonas brothers thinking of you
@codedly   you just had to ._. me. oh yeah sats.   sigh. den when can i kidnap you ?
'cough + diarrhea = weak princess cel.' 
left my microphone. no skype calls for a while = sad panda 
doesn't approve of mother natures weather choice, should make a good nap later though, if I can get in my room 
dougie in his garden sunbathing and...naked ! my gosh how much i'd like to be his housemaid 
In the cab back to the lover's place all alone. A dull ache in the heart.  - http://tweet.sg
@natalieaja i love you! hopefully i can see you tomorrow  we can photobooth us with the guitar hero control again act like batty c!
Ps i just heard a hung up/call me madonna/blondie remix blew my mind. There there was country 
just woke up from my snoring cousin hahaha took a video but it doesnt shows the beauty of her snore 
boo...the mum doesnt want to give th puppy away, may have to go without after all 
I relapsed on my vegetarian diet, I think my daddy BBQd on purpose  but that chicken was sooo good
@DeuceRed amandas mama threw mine away on accident! I need a new retainer! 
@electrikitty Are you still alive dear? 
Just got out from the hospital, granny's not feeling so good 
Once again I am a loner 
ann is the funniest and she's in the hotel cause she's ill  she's one of the funniest... the comedians are not funny at all.
why did prison break have to end up? i feel like a crying babe with watered eyes 
@fireflip that's my day1 shot from moustache may, I'm holding on to it for awhile.  The fiance lost her tolerence for the stache quickly 
In line a chick fila...soooo hungry  swimming 2day w friends
I just realized how unfun queens is 
I get in and my cat has stolen my fave sofa spot. I need my fave sofa spot! 
i miss my marshmallow mama that sits upstairs 
@batmanfan09 heck yes. i'm sorry about your experiences darling  my brother's angry cause i'm more high than he is. @nothilaryy thanksdude
sexy new shoes for prom, mmmmmmmmm. wish i had summit else to do with ma life  x
@_rachaelll I thought you were going to like walk around dalmuir park  not go to the cinema. I woulda bullied my mum to not make me go out
Just got back from the doctor!!! I hate needles  Auuuuu... damned!!! xo xo
@SoulFlyingHigh im moneyless. 
I have come to the conclusion I have the smallest boobs in my family and am a member itty bitty titty commity 
@MatchesMalone LOL good one! The couch here in the studio is covered w/ new curtains and cornstarch packing nuts. NO ruler. 
@jdickerson wow...those pics are something else, speechless, I feel for them, and reminds me of my blessing 
k sweetie. That was my last copy. 
its really hot right now. have to watch my niece. missing out on swimming with casey bell.  but oh well, my niece is pretty awesome. haha.
is the worst matron of honor ever 
@dimpletas I'm asking around for you about different ebony porn themed blogs.  One person said she doesn't know any.  
my uncles were making fun of me for smoking stress/  just cause i dont smoke poison my nigga. chill ahhaha
I have a good relationship with my bro but sometimes he randomly makes an unprovoked verbal attack towards me. 
wishing @GabrielSaporta won sexiest vegetarian  working 4-close. hopefully diner hangs tonight.
Hmmph pissed I think my computer is officialy dead   ima take a nap maybe it'll work when I wake up
eldest gets drink from fridge and drops olives all over the floor. oil everywhere - ages to clean up and stop slippage  #fb
i remember when i used to watch the neverending story everyday with my fav doggy pepper  i miss pepper
 the fed-ex guy came to the door, so i ran to answer it, thinking it was my kindle.  turns out it was some speakers my mom ordered
Having a hot date.....with the iron!  @jackstow out with his mates, indi0789 at the theatre... life is SO unfair!! ;)
Wait my father i'ts far far long 
just got back from a sleepover, missed xc workout 
:shes a bad role model  but okay songs (Y)
uggghh dinner conversation. this needs lots of witty and subtle jokes. cant i get to the toilet scene i want to write 
gah!!! i am so confused i sent my class schedule to the wrong lady  oops but the new lady sent it to the old one and the old one wants to
cant wait for lady gaga to perform on the mmva's!!! even though i wont be seeing her in person  TV is good enough for me
what, medicated kisses broke up  that chick was fierce
I want a hello kitty necklace  but he wont get it for me
@lele2lele i understand but i dont fully get it  fck others .. who are they ? .. be ya self .. you a grown ass woman !
my mom's herb plant machine-thingy i s starting to die 
Just ate dinner, here cuddling with my dog, I found my father was offered a new position in kansas  this is what recession can do
@Austinslide yes, 2cats   it kills me to gush about weddings. It doesn't come easy to me. And spinsterville isn't cool  me no likey.
The woman sitting next to me is breast feeding...awkward 
Has had the worst day ever  :'( I hate bitching, I hate backstabbers!! Also R.I.P uncle, u were my last memory of my grandad  xxxxx
tell u why later.  the lumps, its related 2 them. and that. I have this 16yo daughter. Its...weird.
@Sicnis lol my bad  whens studio man??? i got sum kebab sticks if you want some? now YOU read more carefully...holla when u clock.
@michaelacord oh no - if i'm in charge of any dharma station - we're ALL in trouble! I'm not a very good follower/listener 2 rules 
hubby and daughter are hitting a blown up balloon in my bedroom-sooner or later, something is gonna get broken 
Omgee sum 1 called my office and the lady wanted to report something and theman came runnin and  yelled at her and started beating her!!! 
@showtime757 my favorIte summertime childhood members is eatn crabs on the porch whit my FAMILY.while they tell storys n drnkn beer.. 
Mourning the loss of my sons' locks, which were lopped off in favor of short, spikey 'dos ... je suis triste 
@dlhdung what's wrong, dear? 
say hello to the boring, vani 
@gordonmphillips that would have been ideal. But now i am going to peel and look like a leper 
I got a D.... no my father is gone be on my imaginary dick. 
In the emergency room with babygirl...She's sick with the flu or something. As a mother, I feel really bad for her...she looks so sad 
@axing balai, bintan, moro already, when is my hometown turn, 
Finishing the move at kills cams new apartment  dayumm my little bro is gone
i hcnaged my mind haha im itchy damn posin ivy  my sister-in-law gave it to me  oy
the footnote: a fat old man told me to go in his house and check out &quot;the rest&quot; after i saw his 40 lb lizards outside. &amp; yes i went in. 
@amber_benson Even when i find out the real gender,i still say the wrong 1 by accident.I must have created a lot of gender-confused dogs 
just found out i've been swattin flies with a letter from joanna... 
Not too impressed with the housewives finale  but it definitely set the groundwork for the reunion...women+$+nothing else2do=craziness lol
@vettievette the kids take over during the summer  *pours some chlorine out for the ole biddies*
sooooooo saaaddd new jerssey housewives is over  
@daedalus21 he's so clueless  cute...
@JonsTubeGirl @gabboucla hola! I've been in hiatus! LOL but I must say I have been a spy! 
My friend just told me that they caught 60 crab in 3 traps last weekend but they only had enough licences to keep 30.    What a joke eh?
My friend just told me that they caught 60 crab in 3 traps last weekend but they only had enough licences to keep 30  What a joke eh?
stagnet water is dead @dave_carpenter Tears me up to see friends becoming dinosaurs resisting change, rather than embracing change. 
@greenrobot You're getting old little lady 
hears the village's &quot;death bells&quot; ringing for someone who has passed away 
Its back to the regular country station thank god... Although i do miss the end of any souljia boy song... 
is upset with her motormouth neighbors.  http://plurk.com/p/11iake
is scared of thunder  wishes she could cuddle with her amazing boyfriend.
Watching night at the museum with my sister. And ignoring someone. I feel bad but he is getting way clingy 
@mistrii562 it was a picture of a dad working on a car wearin a flannel like he did. it just looked like him for a sec. 
I'm in need of a cat. I wish I never had to give my old one away  stupid cat hater ex roommate
@keemadiva i'm sorry to hear about ur grammy  keep ur head up. i'm sure she was a blessing and i pray her memory will be a blessing also
@DestroyZ that famous tap dancer with the dreds! Lol.. Moomia was not good for me 
@dukkrogers  *cries and runs to the backyard*
@tophatdog And getting into all sorts of mischief.Eventually had to find homes for them.I missed them so much  I have my pics sorted but..
Just weak up, i need to get my fishing rod from my uncle, but i`m so damm lazy 
so sad prince is missing 
Having to crash at the grandparents tonight which sucks cuz i want to sleep in my own dark comfy miracle foam bed. 
So tired but i don't wanna sleep.  WTF thank god for family guy
miss wedding peach, sailor moon, card captor sakura  http://plurk.com/p/11jf24
Just talked to my dad on the jail phone... I kinda feel sad. 
@5toSucceed tell me about it!  this is what you get for being such a procrastinator.
@Hicksdesign excellent job with the updated opera 10 skin, missing the heart icon on the bookmarks tab tho 
tonight's trivia name: sgt. specter's creepy mugshot club band. too bad trivia is canceled for the entire summer. 
I want my happily ever after. I want a fairy tale ending. I want.. everything I thought I had. 
I am so annoyed this morning, my calling card screwed up and now i can't talk to my hubby, i am not a happy bunny 
why is it raining on my day off? I wanted to do the garden and get a better suntan than my hubby whos away 
@peterfacinelli i was going to go to the twilight talk in sydney cause u were there. im not allowed stupid parents  your the best actor!!
@mayklee76 @mandyray calm down dears! From what i've been reading of the software you don't get much bang for your buck 
@jennypoynter  that upset me greatly. I bet you're only going so you can see vanessa in a wheelchair
is concerned about his girlfriend, her daemons are on the stairs again 
i'm scared my slippers are already falling apart :| ! big w = shitty quality. the souls on the inside just don't feel very secure. -sigh- 
my boyfriend came hihi &lt;3 but only for a while cause he wanted to play soccer with his cousins 
what am i gonna do with out my princess winner name twin all summer???   
about to smoke some heroin and then cut open my veins in a hot bath,see you all in hell 
@ruesga no doom for my doll I would be sad!  
is about to try to start his ethics of war and peace essay... mmmmm 
anti biotics again.   going to take the high altitude sickness diploma/course in la suisse.very happy.lost a friend..very unhappy
@xjosietx we met jonas brothers outside radio one, only briefly though. mcfly weren't around for meeting  your mam knows everything!
@GypsyQue3n No one wants to snatch the granny title from anyone.. I'm really a granny. We're both grannies. I've just been really tired. 
@rachaelf91 R.I.P the wee gnome 
@PushPlayNICK awww  halls breezers my friend! Halls breezers fix everything
@afiaa_afaya it wasn't awesome!! well it was but not awesome enough!! No crush noooo crush in sight! 
mammaw my husband thought my fruit idea was dumb so he went with a gift card. yuck  i would rather have fruit
Needs a harlot hugs from my zombie or whore but they are far away 
It was quite embarrassing to keep putting the weight down while a very pretty and *incredibly* bendy lady was watching 
One of our doggies had an accident in his box last night, so I lit some incense. Now the house smells like poo scented incense. 
@sstellar87 i'm in queens .. headed to manhattan in a little, but i'm not going to be there long 
mums ranting down telephone to orange haha!   my fake tan is outrageously gone wrong and i cant find my wii games 
There is nothing like... waking up to your daughter climbing on you just to pee... thank god for diapers 
wish i was going to blue syndrome, fox avenue and i fight crime in dorans tonight. fuckkk you over 18's gigs. 
i just found out my grampa has cancer  he is 87 and he is going to die forshure
@Ijnco you're a jerk!!!! i wish i was at the parade 
@weathergirl05: There is a sign... I put it there... I thought it would be funny... I'm sorry  
Over dads, taking hayden to gpa dons then to highland heights to visit rooby 
sayin a prayer for my mommy who's goin into surgery. I hope she'll b alrite 
The helper monster got stolen out of my backyard  
but i can't. just imagine me as you, my mum prefer asked me  work hard to rest pleasurely when my stomach was very very sick. god! 
The dr's cleaning lady just said her goodbye to me and cried. I'll miss her 
@street3 im sorry sweety 
Home from the hospital and mummy looked terrible. I hate seeing her like that. It really upset me, i just hope she gets better real soon! 
@AtoDa I turned back to real housewives  I suck
@kcnitt point ... enuf trouble wid matkas.. now new creatures.. 
@runalisharun sooo jealous! I'm sitting on a baggage claim kiosk eating a warm, bruised and stunted granny smith   http://myloc.me/4aQW
should i even have my cousin be my escort. cuz i dont wanna leave either of them behind. i hope my boyfriend absolutely cant make it 
So, I'm really NOT a snob!  I just never got them!  
fell asleep in my daughters lap and missed 1st half of celebrity masterchef 
Oh shit, friend of mine who lost lots of weight, just watched his bro die of obesity related illness after just starting to loose it. 
Only managed to sort some of my clothes out ... my mum still isn't back with my pizza yet and its 10pm! 
i found another one! i just found a daddy long legs in my house again  what the heck?! i never see spiders! 2 in one day is creepy.
I wish i had a cat  my mom doesn't want one because she thinks that it'll come up to her at night and scratch her to death.. true story
so sad... cant stop thinking about my uncle, all i can do is pray for him... god bless his soul 
What i hate: when random strangers come up 2 u and just start saying all these insults! or just come up 2 u and kick u 
Having a talk with some youth tonight going to share a story about how one on my lies as a younger teen led to a dr visit and an enema. 
grocery shopping...  I'm out of everything... I'm bout to be bag lady. 
boreddd! watchin big brother! half-wit does annoys me  LOL Looveee
@AdamParnell what's wrong with halfwit?  he makes me cringe :'( poor angel listening to him sing LOL
@lunasmilessx awhh that sucks sorry kiddo 
@lynnftw I actually never learned how to knit  but I can crochet like a crazy woman!! Everyone hits me up for mittens in the winter
seeing your exboyfriend's sister at your work is maximum awkward. i really wish i could say hi. 
at dinner w. kayla and my mommy! (: i miss iann  text me !
Watching #sytycd, but can't tweet because I'm editing my revisions from today. I'm a naughty, naughty writer. AND I missed my hair appt. 
I lost my chap stick 
@TheRealKami haha girl i know! and yes i do need some serious vitamins! my immune system is running on fumes! this is ridiculous! 
@_MiKaL_ probably his nerves   those orangutans are probably swinging like crazy...
@sunshine5309 o yes house of payne I can't believe the little boy is moving I love him  I dont watch meet the browns my mom said its funny
I miss the sisterhood being all together already  xo
@davemorbley cnt find a babysitter 
I think... I need to cut sugar out of my diet considering my mom is diabetic. I keep hearing amputation horror stories. 
my uncle is a fag bag ! freaking queer changed the channel when i was watching something about the jonas brothers !  ugh, douche nozzle.
@MSarverFan omg yes she was telling me you loved him too! he's so fine but your sister thinks he's gay 
Just changed moms surgical dressing again, maybe she shouldve waited till the painkillers worked 
@UnlaWful_BeAuty waats tha matter lola 
Wish I was watching the lightning storm with my momma 
is now missin my fireman.  
ghost hunters with some wierd dolls 
Its sooo tragic! The blazers I want they don't have in my size  guess I'll check another pair.
i need to go print my pics soon!!! also need to do something for my mum before she leaves  booo
@elsiiejoy im a big lake ambassador candidate and we have to do a dance during coranation. I FAIL at dancing 
The stairs are behind me while i sit at the computer. I was on webcam with a cute guy and my dad came down the stairs in his underwear 
@nurse_abby holy crap! how come? 
@haybrianabanana @RobbieRavzz you assholes arent invited to my sweet sixteen now 
Awwh poor fluffy princess homeless uncle rico     also, awwh poor tiff and her phone  
@china_cat grandma just got put into hospice  and theres no return from hospice shes been sick for a while, u just never expect it i guess
@IAMJREAL hey real i wont be able to make it sat. due to family coming in town  i was beggin my mom to come, but ugh if i get time ill cum
I miss my texting.......it's like having your freedom of speech takin' away 
@joeymcintyre too cute joe It 5am I am up with my nephew he is the about the same age as griffin he teething and can't sleep  got up at 3
alright, so she misses my mom and is covered in tears and tissues.  so i tried to comfort her, but the words she spoke left me speachless.
mischief went for desex today  turbo looks like he has lost a limb.. lol.. the poor boy...
@ddlovato sleeps with the angels  
@DatOnePrincess I ain't trying to get the cops calls again. 
dear nau, it hurts me very very much to reject you too. 
hates smart-arse rookie cops on power trips who pull you over and hit you with $189 fines 
@RaineyDunn sadly no doggy for us  he's my brother &amp; sis-in-law's dog. I wish he was ours but he's way too big and hyper for a 1bdrm apt.
Just spent the past hour looking at pictures of me and my daddy  I miss him. I think I'll make a collage. Does anyone believe in ghosts?
Talking with a fluent fellow ilongga and am having a good laugh... I miss my mom though. 
@rhea_ann As soon as I realized I had no money I accidently knocked over a vase (it didn't break thank heavens) but it really upset me 
My housemates are being lame and studying.  ... sadly, I am not because I am a bad bad student.... lalalallalallaa
@karagates yes!! pressure is playing gilman on saturday! your boyfriend tried to get me to bring gifts to you but no liquids on the plane 
I am super fuckin' pissed at my camcorder... It DID NOT get my son's homerun...  http://myloc.me/4fEI
i missed the nanny 
I just did a survery, and it made me feel like a slut. 
Aww my nieces and nephew... goodnite sweeties... I miss them  http://twitpic.com/7p15i
@xEMAH no I didn't getr to see demi  she had left the hotel before we arrived!  x
just got home from a delicious night out. bought a hamburger necklace.  missed rizzle  just realized that i have sunburn round ma boobies!
where's my partner in crime ?   *sob*
i bet it's a childhood trauma. maybe her first crush was a fag  lololol oh pale
I tear up just about everyday my son leaves for school waving &amp; blowing kisses from the back of his daddys car  #fb
I feel really horrible &amp; akward dancing around in the kitchen  I seem to have lost my dancing skillz 
dear maps&amp;atlases, why not boston 
@givemestrength ooh I do enjoy caravans tho (the smell takes me back to being a child) altho the last caravan I stayed in was years ago 
ome i left my new moon books upstate nd my friend is coming to borrow it  oopsie
@TaylorGood shit i think someone beat us to it.. toronto has &quot;bambi dolls&quot;, lol damn 
facking betwittered &gt;:\ stop eating/escaping my characters!! 
is home now. No perverted well endowed chubby milf stalkers in sight 
Gahh funeral in a hour 4 my great aunt.. my cali fam is coming in.. .i dont think ive even met them..  lame much? 
@Merrygoldalways ev1 was workin fur x-factor tour n none of me mates would come.. n parents wouldnt let me go t glasgow fur lemar  . aww x
Raining like a madman; got soaked after english regent 
it's raining  &amp; now I have to let a smelly arse crying dog inside...in the words of my dad 'she has a fur coat, she was made for outside!'
Is sorry that he cause @jelliphish 6 pts and a huge fine  i'll be a gd boy and put on seat belts in future,promise!
@jsusgrl awww hi bb!  I had a movie marathon last night in my cousin's house, that's why i couldn't come to twitterland 
started off so sad!! mom read avocados are toxic to me... no more &quot;green squirrels&quot; on our walks. 
@WendyODT I need to order one too...  I'm such a slacker when it comes to that...I still don't have a fan
This weather sure does make me feel like I'm at the bottom of some serial killer/seamstress/transvestite's well. 
@AndrewBrittain I wanted to do chairs, but my mama wasn't having it. 
@MichaelTao oh poor father-less orphan  get a puppy, he'll keep you company!
@parlor_spider No joke, when I went to talk to this one department about something I got teased for 5 min about looking hobo-esque. 
I don't feel so good.    I'm hanging by a wing and a prayer...blah!
@illpayne  Not the bronco. I remember when you bought that beauty. It was when our friendship started.
@Atrios That does seem to be where it's headed.  I'm going to cry on my great, big pillow right now 
doesnt like having a barney wit the mother  buh i aint giving in
Coughing like a grandmama. 
got to see all the old roomies yesterday in downtown cbus! now helping mom clean...yuck  
@emerald_lady have a hug sweetie, I feel the same today...I despise feeling all lethargic and bleurgh, want my energy back!  xx
getting ready to go home. poor xander..the kitten jumped on his lap and scared him to tears   it sounded awful funny though
@CrazyLegsCuz evan rescuse me from oakland I'm stuck in a house with 4 teenagers and a stupid ass puppy 
@ilanalucas  Get gooder soon! *hugs*
my husband robert pattinson got hit by a cab today in the city  get those psycho stalkers away from him! #LeaveRobAlone #PeterFacinelli
@Aysun29 LOL Who is? I need to find something else....  boo. How was your day?
feels like a mommy's little chauffeur,,,  http://plurk.com/p/11zl0l
the titty fairy hates steffi. awh 
Why do sum lasses say they love you when they seriusly don't 
@celestialblue They're are so durn cute though! 
freaking hell i need milk n i cant go get nun cause my boo is sleeping n i need him 2 watch our child 
just got a call from pops.  They think my grandpa had a massive heart attack, gramma found him on the floor in the garage...fuck 
@ladystacy yeah i love them too! my mum laughed at me for getting so excited  i love peacocks pants too...i'm addicted!!!
Depressed that my dad is in a bad mood and it's my graduation! He didn't even get me a gift!  =(
family guy volume 7 dvd is out and i didn't know about it. 
My ex had sex with a lapdancer... I am currently feeling elephantine and grotesque... 
the classic lite online....   girl...the songs they be playing on there have me wanna jump off a freaking roof!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@worldtrav awww ... poor you  but here's me giving out good advice, I'm an addict myself *LOL*
@BarbaraHaase a horse she had in training, not one of hers. poor guy 
#inaperfectworld i would not be a luke warm christian which i learned at bible study last night  *forgive me father*
@NiroWho oh no!  my sister the news lady will not be thrilled
@naughty_fairy me tooooooooo 
all i need is the bride's approval and this program is good to go. in other news i have killllller heartburn and no tums 
@naughty_fairy mega! 
@TashiaM &amp; @RenitaM  i know ladies! Not long at all  I'm gon really miss y'all (tear) Anywho let me not start cus i will start crying...
i want another horsey 
oh dear my esthetician apparently no longer works @ my salon, so i must see a new girl for my grooming next week 
Wondering if im PMSing because when i saw that i started to tear up  poor guy, i feel so guilty now.
Damnit!! She hadda change of plans. I wasn't included. Why are girls sooo mean and cruel?????  
@lady_firey I want a cat avatar back! - laughing blond women do nothing for me 
Wish I wasn't a slave to smokes 
Why is it a bad idea to play cards in da jungle? There are to many cheetas!! *cricket, cricket* I have like one follower 
The catalog of disasters continues. The plumber didn't run up so we still have no water and my mum and dad's TV went pop...no picture. 
http://twitpic.com/7r2rz - in loving memory of my big bro's hat 
@cooklet aaaaah my darling sister, a bus troll....  sorry have no idea where that came from. lol u rem that silver bangle we fought over?
@mileycyrus i just found out your concerts in the o2 in dublin are sold out, my sisters in bits 
@SmashMe_EraseMe It's hard out it for a pimp 
I need to get on here more often so my secret crush notices me! But I've been taking care of my boss... She's not doing too well 
Laying down wit my godson...its still 2 hot 2 take him outside 
man, when I look at some of these cameras, then look at my beat up old thing.....makes me sad.  Any rich bachelors wanna marry me????
@ashface i bought myself a box of scooby doo ones yesterday and then my little brother ate them all  
just cut up my thumb on a broken glass the goodwill lady didn't wrap  the fun part was tracking down where that red paint was coming from
Or not, considering that the server is unresponsive. A cruel but probably deserved irony. 
now i just need to figure out how to use it... ugh! i feel the oldness creeping... 
My dumbasss brother fckin got caught up textin some bitch, now my phone got cut offf 
@statesman so missing the tweetup 
srry bby sister....  i found my batman game in my purse 
I was just talking about how this waitress was a bitch and didnt know she was right in front of me  boo i feel bad
#inaperfectworld destiny child n danity kane would still b a group 
@singthesorrow83 because, I am feeling sad and annoyed  yeti: gizmo: rage: attack:
@_happygolucky_ Pretty disgusted with that story. Seriously, wtf?  No child under three should be able to open their own seat harness
WERE is my sweet dear MS. Macabroso!? i miss her 
my mom's giving me the silent treatment 
@likeafearless haha  go cook girl, cook is bored anyway
@bana76 stop hating  you make me sadder than this pic of a crying penguin http://is.gd/15MFv
please keep my dad still in your prayers.  love and kisses to each and everyone of you. xoxo
@JayQid one of my cheeks went down but the other one is still fat! So I look like a deformed mama chipmunk 
I don't understand the paparazzi and the crazy crowds  #peterfacinelli
I am a cowgirl at heart though so I'd rather be riding horses or bulls. Used to have horses but my asshole dad took them in the divorce. 
@karmavampire Y'know, I've always thought I would make a great wine girl. The problem? I'm allergic to alcohol! Ooops! 
my dad has to pay $350 dollars for my new phone.  thank god i got it on sale =O. i feel soooo badddd. :'(
@MrsGibby15 she keeps throwing up! I called the vet but they closed early today..my spunky princess is so slow &amp; sad. 
@LaniAR yr no longer my favorite lani  you chose the statesman over me?
Lonely  watchin family guy all snuggled up in a blankie. I wanna do something :/
pirates arent supposed to peal garlic for their mommies 
just realized one of my biggest fears watchin 16 n preg. 
@LAtwitt I have the hook-up with my neighbor...but I'm to shy to ask   I think I'll just sip some wine and listen to gypsy music...
@tripzy I feel so fcukin xcelllent rite now wish you were  @rellnitty dis nigga is fcukin drunk rite now he's crazy
@BrieonaBroadh20 looooveyyy youuuu.  i wish you were here for a sleepover my little mini me   &lt;3
@TakaComics I'm sorry about your son  Lets go wage war on them!
@Czusy fuck u caitlin! stop making mama jokes. 
They on the 4th effin bottle! I want my mommy! Even tho she mad @ me 4 not goin to the hospital after my wreck 
I'm a little homesick  I miss my Snowbie so much :'(  she misses me too http://twitpic.com/7ruxw
lamenting over partying co-workers doing kareoke and I can't be there to humiliate myself   #fail
@chi_twnzfinest and I would be right there at the hospital feeling 2inches tall and rightfully getting chewed out by her momma. 
why am i moved to tears by cinematic, meredith grey moments yet stand selfishly stone-hearted in front of a grieving mother across town? 
My homeboy said he was commin 2 smoke a blunt wit me but I got stood up 
@sbroqks sorry  parentals is right. @millybuck
Steo hard 2 look at pictures of my dad  iLUV n god knows how much iMIZ u luv u dad
@ShirtFight not going to make it to the deadline  oh well... i'll stilll finish my summer shirt though! the ninja/robot/cowboy tee too!
@GustavoArellano  I'm sorry to hear about the passing of your abuelita, which reminds me that I should call mine, who is 85.
@chivalry_pony I want to read the mediator series but I don't have all of them 
I read about that, @puff8843! That poor lady 
woot!..crashed a topless pool party...shame it consisted of 3 women over 30, and my sister 
@xkelly_chaosx oh shizen  should've taken your boy along too..or just asked the arsehole for a gift voucher or something lol
@Jilko it WAS cute! and your mom is lucky! i really like cake &amp; missed my opportunity to have some at my grad party because i was sick 
Just saw a friend get robbed in a karaoke competition  We thought he had it in the bag!
@sammers118 what are you still doing up young lady..lol j/k i got woken up  now i cant go back to sleep..but what are you scared about??
Awww all 3 have girlfriends!  no room for me in the jonas boys life...haha like that was ever a posibility! Haha 
@peterfacinelli whatttt no grown man in bikini singing single ladies and holding a twitter me sign? I am severly dissapointed now 
my cousin just scared the shit out of me  he hid behind the bannister as i was walking up the stairs and scared me 
true blood was good!vampires r still kinda gross to me though-reminds me ofwhen the nurse tookmy blood 8times cuz she was n training agh! 
@weirdturnedpro Also, now I've got &quot;sex bee! sex bee! you're my sex bee!&quot; stuck in my head. 
@angelica_baybee  ahhh I'm not a crazy driver! Just a fast one!  N I tried talking myself out of it but it didn't work!  lol
@the_dudefather I used to have nightmares about this ghost monk that was in one episode 
@Vestrise what episode? I may come kidnap ya. I'm out of sleeping pills. 
wth! my mum insists tht cycling wld b a 1-month passion &amp; declares tht i may only get a bike when i marry off! 
My ankles really hurt  I feel like a grandma, oooo I just passed a bunny it hopped by
 feel like crying. fucking bitch stealing my family, i want them back.
my mum has gone searching for the necklace ...blesh her...shes apparently found 1 outta 3 pendants  .. not an important pendant though...
@JayNewell i got lunch with mum and sister at 12 i think homes. 3? U cant even get a patron cafe or 2in u first 
@jaybrannan please visit myrtle beach...   you could be my perfect man. forever and ever!!!
I lost my chap stick 
i really can't find the story of beowulf and grendel's final battle in the internet. ( waah. 
Feeling quite ill today  don't pity me however, it is self inflicted. So am just chilling with the boyfriend and the dogs.
is finding dad's bizarre behaviour and response to hallucinations unnerving 
@willcarling if you decide not to go my daughter would love to go - wonder why I never get surprise invites 
@sasha1987 yep, say goodbye to your sex life after marriage and children! lol Far too busy for it.  What is sex again?!!! 
So gloomy outside!  i need a cuddler
psychiatry... awesome   where is my heroe?
@empoi why?  what's wrong dear?
I want my mammy, my teddy bare and my blanky         nahh i'm totally kidding.
can't believe darrell k. sweet of the wheel of time infamy did those awesome 70's cover artwork for lord of the rings 
@theESC why'd you do this to the pregnant lady. It's so sad, and so happy. 
tonsilofthebladdyitus   mother best hurry up from asda with soothers before i die. ha. (:
and now my teeth hurt from drinking sugary drinks and im lonely cos i dont have a boyfriend 
dear shot: ouch, just ouch 
I think my cat is gonna miss me when I move out! He's acting super lovey dovey rite now! I wish @domobow15 felt lovey 2day. 
is really bored and needs sum 1 to talk to my fella is working late baby is asleep face book is boring 
ewwww I just did 'xD' instead of 'XD' by accident 
@badass_sparrow That counter is gorgeous. I want it. 
@dougstevens Sadly no choice. liz is working  but i did hear one of the bumms is having a gig in his garden. 
@kerosene_burns not found any mead yet  or friars for that matter. Actually quite disappointed in that respect.
one of my friend just bbm me and called my fat.  he lucky i don't know what base he station at
@SweetEpitome lauryn hill started doin bad  i love her music. last i heard she was living in her mom's basement back in jersey.
Watching an emo kid sit in the green space behind the townhouse while I do laundry. They're visibly upset. 
@appasi  hiya. I see on your blog you do deaf teaching... I found out a few months back my wee boy is totally deaf in 1 ear 
@AlyssaBunnell nope... family dance recital... may try to go to medford/sommerville but i have a feeling the recital is going to run late 
my poor kitty is getting attacked my males trying 2 rape her she got a scar on her face its huge 2 rite nxt 2 her cute eye 
i need a miracle  somethings are not right now
@stevechaiguy *leaves muffin on your desk* I miss my little studio buddy... 
@relaxcalena So, if I get one, will you call me a tramp?! 
why do I always feel uncomfortable when there's a gay couple on tv in the company of my mum and dad? 
No longer business drunk   boo sobriety!
Begged my mom for a foam sword, could not have one 
I'm going to go drunk-make-out with the nearest chick with fake boobs and tattoos to drown my sorrows. 
kristi says that the princess protection program is over acted &amp; cheesy  i'm still going to watch it tmrw though :')
At this rate I'm going to have to repopulate my friendship group!  By myself!
about 2 leave 4 the pasta party! @uniqueawesome man, haven't seen the pics yet  so excited I think I remember this scene w mom lol tho 
@bridgettehenne lol i have plans  i havent hung out with joey after the beach and my friend katie is in town
Going on a walk with my grandpa ^^ lol. It's like 100 degrees outside! 
the hometown bestie doesnt have power... I feel bad cooking and typing while her n her hubby bbqin n drinkin warm water 
pixie has a painful swollen cheek   huts really bad .. had to call in to work -  my dick for a boss might fire me - he doesnt care
i hate sky+ for not filming all of princess protection program. what a bitch!  
Depressed now... I feel like an old hag and now I have the gap toothed grin to match 
the angels and demons movie totally destroys ma happiness 
awesome! a man who had the same voice as my ex called me on the phone and talked about liverpool football. yay. /sarcasm. it made me cry 
this lady takes forever to do my toes  and this water is getting coldddd &gt;:l
@fearfuldogs the idea of a women's hiking trip sounds like fun - 2 bad not enough interest  tho I have bears &amp; fawns in my backyard!!
thank you for your greetings for pancake! she had personalized balloons and cake and doggie lootbags! but one dog guest was a war freak. 
My mum's taking the computer  *cries* talk about lame
broke my iphone frowny face  no worries yall, peace to my homies
@frankxor @bookworm432 Aw guys that blows, I'm sorry 
Double the sadness dodgers vs angels game is sold out &amp; aventura had a signing at ritmo latino and I didn't know 
@snuffynorton thanks you for toy! my human mama laughed when i showed her tweet about sewing...so i think that maybe she can't 
my ashtray ladie fell...shes broken....my heart goes out to anyone with a special ashtray they have lost  
 my dog puff mama isnt here anymore ... i will miss her and i hope she is safe wherever she is
i just finished the hills season 5. sometimes, we really have to give up friendships for love. devastating but true. tsk tsk tsk 
happy birthday boo bear! shes 23 today. mama bear sprained her foot and ruined the reunion plans.  &lt;3 mama &lt;3
is thinking his lady might be mad at him 
My sister and my bf are playing guitar hero...pro face off...and ignoring me  i need attention too
missing my kids, after only 2 weeks, there is chaos, my 2 yr o has turned into a tantrum nightmare, i didn't think this would be so hard 
Bostonnnnnnn&lt;3 with my lovers minus @laukemp 
Awww.....I got teary during the 1st dance....I hate not having my dad close! 
feel bad for @alexpolushkin he has to deal with my pre-menstral dysmorphic disorder  I'm legally insane &amp; can be aquitted for murder. xoxo
@ReallyShecky I used to like MyTweeple.com, TweetSum.com, and even the naughty TwitterKarma, but they all choke on me now 
Someone come rescue me I'm so tired &amp; dyin of starvation!! 
forgot to tip the pizza lady 
Just being lonely, everone is out partyin but me  the only downfall of being a mommy-
In the middle of a wedding gig right now...missing my daughter...   #fb
@Larrilious worrrrd...my boy said dj shadow and cut chemist used all vinyl when he seen em...quest got too packed the started chrgng 
i'm flying allegiant to my dad's this year..i'm SO not excited. read about it online. i don't want a noisy, dirty, late plane  i'm scared.
@freelancer  yes. tinkerbell is the fairy of monggos. btw, papa called... wants to have dinner next week. I don't think I can take it. 
i wish i was miley so much noww, she gets nicks love, fame, beauty, annd a gret voice 
@rachelmasseybby also that's very sad for ronnie. no porn or candy? that's proper brutal  if i were a prison warden i'd let him have porn
@faerywitch hope your hubby feels better soon!  jasmine green tea is awesome for crazy coughing
@pretti_lady_nay aint making this no easier 
@KatJB  i agreee! that larry king live interview made me sadd  joe has a girlfriend... sadness 
is watching disney channel: lion, witch, wardrobe. its sad. 
misses her k-squared counterpart. In an unrelated story, bloody marys aren't very good. 
mad at @DezzyBreezy because he seen me at the rink &amp; aint say nun 
it was amazing jonas looked so cute as those little angel statues! they make nick look chubby 
#dontyouhate when drunk ppl r telling u a story that goes nowhere...ur not a storyteller and I can't deal wit u right now! 
ohh my dad is watching a show with a doggie that got attacked by mean dogs!  poor thing its stomach is like torn apart pretty bad MEANIES!
My last weekend at jeff and my 3rd floor male nurse crush isn't working. 
@souljaboytellem not replying to my comments i get it  /wrist lol joke I understand if you wont reply cos u a busy man
I bought this awesome shelf &amp; despite my determination for 3+ hrs... i can't put it together. I need a rubber mallet &amp; a man.   so bummed.
momma cooked a feast for dad &lt;3 gg to visit great grandad later. he fell &amp; had a bump on his head 
@Noadi @lila82 It jumps over the gate  and it's the kids playroom, so they need to be able to get in. I'll have to try the squirt bottle..
waited in line for 2 hrs to find that my dad needs 2 b there for me to get a new iphone. saddest story ive ever heard. there were tears. 
Watched the episode of the goode family written by @franklinson and some dude who doesnt tweet. The racism was based on me. 
http://twitpic.com/7vqaf - the only pic i got before the lady yelled at me 
@bossychole tiff got a baby white chihuahua an hour ago to help her feel comfy with the moved! im in loveeeee  i want one!
@redvers he never cried thru pain but he was crying and i had to dress him  poor daddy xxx
just got back from swimming at kari's... on another note, i am sick of being frustrated and wish you wouldn't treat me like such a toy. 
@apercheddove  oh. O.o I thought cooking and cleaing was what good wives done. Not waitin. What do good husbands do?
Fiinnallly goiin to beddd ! Worrkk inn the morninngg  xo.
Its times like these that i really miss my cuddle buddy  other pillows just don't measure up. You know my every curve...
misses his &quot;melancholy death of oyster boy &amp; other stories&quot; book.  im bringing it back to cali
@bittersweetb your status lady ! on here ! it was like 
Man! I just rubbed my eye and got grease in it and boy it STINGS...  comfort food isnt supposed to hurt  this blows!
going to a party. dressed in clothes my mother picked out. *roll eyes* wish she knew how I felt right now. 
lonely in my tent at relay for life. someone visit meeeee! 
is awake. queer. feel sicky  mummy help me
Bout to eat sea n potatoes with the boubi &lt;3 man i wish my ex friends werent so narcissistic or patho liars  and morality is tough
if I had a nickel for every time this girl broke my heart I'd buy her a diamond ring and propose to her ha! 
@helenthornber wish I was going food shopping with my sis - she lives too far away for that  I'm still in my dressing gown lol
@mikefilsaime man...i really wanna attend the launch tree live...too bad i'm just 18.  couldn't go to vegas. 
@tequilasam you could have made it funny  *sulks*
@rainbow_dog sob i have a burning crush on tamon  the doctor is awesome too though
Aaaaahhh, peace and quiet, friends are gone tho  Also house resembles a crack den, should clean before my gran visits...
Why do kids fall sick at the most random &amp; not v gud of times??? i wana b at slane!!! live forever...oasis oasis oasis...no fair man&quot;! 
my mom actually cooked curry chicken for dinner.. but nobody touched it because we ate popiah till damn full. feeling guilty - again. 
I need some Chocolates to relieve my stress.  #pinoy #barkada #singer #model #poker
Given up shopping in bury as pickle is having mannequin moments in next and debenhams 
My dog just out witted me in order to get a spot in my girlfriends bed!  fuck my life!
my spaz client is broken? 
oh god. work is such a bitch. i think i might be a shag looking bride cpmes july. 
Tinioh god. work is such a bitch. i think i might be a shag looking bride c0mes july. 
feeling homesick 
We were once a fairy tale but this is farewell  heartbroken..
@oooiesgrl Because my mum's boyfriend hates the smell of it  On the upside, it makes me really enjoy garlic when I can sneak it in here!
ugh i dont want to start cleaning, but the lady thats going to take our engagement photos is coming over soon 
Trying to find the subway grating that marilyn monroes dress flew up on, not having very good luck 
angry that someone has hung a hannah montannah balloon on my washing line!..and theres a spider in my wardrobe!.. 
@PurpleMuffinMan ahh dont cry, i dont like to see a grown man cry. 
My brothers-in-law tom and @rnchell spent an hour looking for breakfast in the ghetto  we failed and found an aweful mcdonalds...
I want my lip pierced so bad  -_- pack my bags mum
hanging out with ravwan and magedoodle. raven is upset. i wish she would have moe confidence. she underestimates herself 
big wedding today, not mine, but sucks for the bride and groom  It's raining
I lost a couple of freckles!!! 
My dad walked in on me gving myself my shot &amp; he freaked out momentarily.  but I showed him how tiny the needle is &amp; that's better.
Just got done playin tennis with my sister... We're horrible... Next on the agenda, gay wedding... Then nothing 
@salandpepper mrs glutton 4 has allowed both daughters to have a sleepover here tonight too  someone shoot me please
 oh no my dog just attacked the cat belongong to my relatives now he's in the doghouse! It's the kinda thing that rips families apart..
shower.grad party at 3. babysitting for idk how long 
just watched nightmare on elm street, i feel a freddy kruger nightmare coming on 
Watching brothers n sisters season 3 episode 16 hehe tadi udah ambil jatah indomie utk minggu ini, skrg kekenyangan huaaaaa 
still can't watch 'the corpse bride' :/ subtitles don't fit 
is having withdrawl symptoms from download festival &amp; the papa roach gig!!! 
my itouch just died  going to watch the lion the witch and the wardrobe
@piercingwhore i know mrs but i only just got your messege i went out with the mother for a bit and forgot thee old phone gutted 
@Dren_Ramone I've not had a chance to play yet  only just got home, going to feed, play and bath jack, put him to bed then get going!!
waiting for @nosy456 to come back. once she comes back, then i leave though 
boo, my mum dysoned up the fake snow 
@mfowmes oh wow sounds awesome bet you can't wait  sorry to hear about your mum - I lost my mum to cancer nearly 8 years ago  *hugs* x
whoaa .. what a drunken mistake 
i feel i get headache from my self-rolled cigs. damn 
@HowLostWeAre  you need to be careful dear!
slum dog millionaire was not the movie i thought it was gonna be, not one funny part in the whole two hours 
was thinking of going to the mermaid parade, but it's so rainy and gloomy.  you'd think that'd be good for mermaids, though, huh?
@thizgurl I miss being a hippie now tho. 
@joshuaradin heard &quot;i'd rather be with you&quot; live per telephone... can't be @ hurricane festival but my girlfriend is. It's your song ... 
@pitbullchat: mom read about this, she interns for a newspaper in the next county over, is good cuz there's abuse there 
@misslott the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe is the sh*t! I never got with lotr...plot line's too intricate for me 
@MissNovember_F4 no tattoos yet I'm a chicken!!! Haha my friend has a big oneon her ribs she said it hurt really bad too! I'm a wuss 
watching army wives....ive missed this!!!!!!!!! whos dead?? 
i hate to see lovers! 
@morgansp12  she doesn't know if she changed her self. my bff once changed her self. now she's back. we were fighting too.
My nana just passed away. Wish I weren't miles away. 
@ShelbyWu. Ooowwww look @ my sexy daddy. Lol.  so glad we got the new glasses.
Just lost a staring contest with my grandmas cat 
ohhh man petco had the cutest shelty/shepherd mix puppy.. my dad didnt think it was a good fathers day gift idea........ 
@KevinJohnny I like forgive and forget. And dude, the link to the new suicide silence album isn't working 
@QueenReesa, lol sorry for hookers. lol. they sell their cats on the corner. my cousin was a hooker.  hot minute tho.
Going to work.leaving my sexy lady behind 
@Jocassels I'm good sweetie...you've been a busy bee with those reports 
@Joedan_dilemma *sigh* you're only half a person today 
Mowin time. At my father in laws so no salty frog coronas 
@eddus - still no twitpics  Have to find an adaptor for my memory stick. (The house should have a wizard or at least a gopher!)
i'm ill  ive been in my bed since like 2.. just as well i went out and got my dads present earlyyy. emporio armani aftershave ;)
@swanksgolightly my attendance is questionable mami 
@dannymcfly....but me an my sis waited by the backstage exit an u didnt stop for us an we were the only ones there 
Appppparantly I'm never going to find my soul mate 
@charlieskies blaming you for what? pandas shouldnt cry charlie ill give you a wee interwebbed hug 
I'm cold  but i think my grandad is rather funny singing to the jersey boys!
I just saw ve saddest college aged dude; he was wearing a hotdog costume and doing the hustle. It doesn't get sadder than that in my book 
i'm sick  princess diaries is on and they're having a beach party in san fran. what a joke, it's obviously freezing outside.
baking cakes, my son loves them, not so good for me  he is so enthusiastic making his own games, becoming a better programmer than me 
@alexandramccue, you are always late dear 
@valerierenee 1 time my older bro swooped on some chick i crushed on...I somehow became their love note messanger 
for whatever reason i cant get in touch with my girlfriend hmm 
being a tease and what. we'd make the best couple ever ARGHHHHHHHHH this is so not fair.  want cuddle. and smarties.
@ashleydepp join the club evertime I see a cute boy I'm like ohh... I wish spesh as most haves girlfriends 
my brother wont share his cereal 
My brother has gone crazy: seeing ghosts, telling a stranger &quot;you know me,&quot; thinking movie subtitles are special messages for him. Lol + 
It's almost too hot to move.  If I were a better housekeeper @ wouldn't have so much to do &amp; then I could just sit &amp; veg - but I'm not.  
O dear ... I sound like I am fresh from the boat  x
just watched tank girl what a crazy movie....now I'm bored again sweet jesus help me 
@81smallz whoops! I was woman enough to verify before yall took that hike! A real woman admits when she's wrong 
no clubbing for me tonight... 
realy mad the stupid lady cut my bangs too short  Gggrrr !!
@iSUCK i named it &quot;puppy&quot; jsut to be cool Ahh dear puppy the gold fish, i hope fishy heaven is nice 
got to have a nice, loooong, catch-up convo w/my boy, just now!! loved it. love &amp; miss him!  wish my youngest had cell reception, as well 
new comedian found, pity he's not that funny 
my sisters having a party downstairs and im not invited  no one love me haha
I'm starting to get a little homesick. 
@CFOServices Before slamming the door he told me it was his bday and he didn't have to turn it down until 11:00. The cops confirmed that. 
ewww foreman/thirteen is groooossss. 
@jessemccartney u liked it eh? I was there front row the blonde one who knew all the lyrics hehe wish i could also go to light 
im hungry, man I could be at Kevs bday dinner eating olive garden 
@DmagicP yes  I was doneeee I have bruises n cuts all over me and I didn't even get into a fight got kicked out and got back in hahahah
@samversionone I was in the middle of fighting the spider lady  i was almost done!!! muahhhhh!
http://twitpic.com/7ymle - Finally parting ways with one of my fave old bags...  its falling apart.
@kris_stewart i really like that... and so true... how is all the filming coming along? u must be exhauasted.. 
grandma made chex mix for amy and i. my bag went missing before i could eat any of it. apparently, amy stole it and ate the whole thing 
Hving conversation @ d backyard with mom since she woke up..a bit surprise why she woke up so early,thought she slept so late lastnite 
hello! @danielpwright here twatting from @hello6am's account... and his house too! lots of 80s choons, nice wooden floor... no tango 
@stoner_stuff I wish! I'm visiting the parents n they aren't smokers  (via @InHaLeThePurP) can't you sneak a toke in the backyard, man?
@IzmirMom y u leave me and @PrettyCupCake26 it wasn't like that girlie nobody but fam was there 
me nd my daughter on our way to otown...she tryna exchange kissy faces but i cant w my eyez on i95 
decode by paramore reminds me of how much i want a vampire boyfriend. 
@CourtneyforTmrw is making me cry with her harry potter marathon 
my chauffeur goneeee....now I gotta chauffeur my ass to my daddy's house in middletown 
Cuddling with my kittens and kinda wishing we were doing dinner for my roomie, still. 
'the hangover' was pretty amusing! also, i got a mini captain kirk toy at wal-mart for $5. now i want a big one to go with my spock 
wanting to be a bad patient and not take 2 handfuls of pills tonight  hate hate hate
@AndyAdrenaline What's the matter sweetie?? 
just got done watching&quot;the boy in the striped pajamas&quot;...super sad movie 
@howardsternexam that's soooo sad. i saw the video of the young woman earlier... brutal world we live in 
is taking a break from playing halo with my brother to twiiter..and do her science hw 
took another quiz &quot;what kind of fairy are you?&quot; and im an emo fairy. i really wanted to be a fire fairy  hahahaa.
Playing fetch the correct object with the puppy instead of going out.  At least we have figured out &quot;cell phone&quot; (now comes in drool!)
@takedat @mhall214 yall can do whatever u desire...ill just watch the movie with one eye open as i smh at the tomfoolery aka my life 
holy crap! a heart cover by the decemberists @ rock the garden.  the boy doesn't quite get the concept of a cover. 
this handsome devil i waited on at work today made me a bouquet of beautiful napkin roses! i;d show you but my twitpic is so tempermental 
national treasure wasnt as bad as i thought it was gonna be.  the sidekick character was the jar jar binks of the movie though 
the pursuit of happyness is on  i cry everytime i watch it. yes, tori. it's real tears.
my internet fails tonight.  sooooo I am watching my brother play left 4 dead.
@mel_says unless i can somehow get amazing seats and convince my mom to go... 
@iSukk yeah that the same as 12 year old - he seems to be PMSing a lot these days 
@Aidadoll bitch me + yahoo's relationship is not great  but I can still get details (
how the fuck did i losses service in my own room!? .. gay, gay, gay  uhhhhh. i hate fathers day. peeeeeeeace.
Ouch...high heels can be torturing fr real...i walked arnd at the wedding, at moms work n a store n my feet are burning now 
trying not to go crazy from lack of sex, photoshoots, camming, and porn 
i feel BAD  i feel so bad...sadness returns 2 me ... i find peace eating a muffin ...  i need my bestie 
@WTFJAY sorry honey, had to go back from web to tweetdeck..so 20 replies all came up at once   I'm a woman, what can I say?
I should have been a cowboy 
has learned a valuable lesson about tryna pick up women at a huge family wedding 
airplane with my hannah joon. my neice is going to take over the world someday. in the worst way possible. i don't want her to go 
humph... just realized that 32 gigs isnt enough space 
@slessard best concert of my life til some guy fought me for my drumstick from carter  he got kicked out but still has my drumstick 
met another cute and nice cop....and tried to get him to give mom a breathalyzer...no go 
the pics of no doubt and paramore never showed  but they freakin rocked in concert. ive never had more fun in my life. girls love you&lt;3
a little homesick 
dear @shoegrl99. I'm here with @dcqueenie and she tells me you're beefin. I tried, but I'm not cool enough.  lol
my aunt called me a pill popper and compared me to paris hilton tonight...not sure which is worse  gotta love family!
loves @missalexgator and had a blast at @gooomaha tonight. too bad my mom dissed my arm-paint and implied my outfit was inappropriate. 
3 dead hedgehogs on the same bit of road - all in various sizes - same family probably   
Bif naked too good to meet a fan to sign a tattoo!!! 
now we're watching the devils advocate! such a gooooooooooood movie! love it!  i wish i could stop time!!! i want my mum 
@legzxi i miss you and fear that i will not see you until i return from unleashing my inner lad at rotto???????   
hates being up at this god forsaken time  I fought the law and the law wonnnnn
@Melza28 lol sounds like my dad, yesterday i felt like some dark choc so he went to the shop and bought every choc except dark 
My fxxking future husband is ... Not straight!  like what the hell?! Why are all the cute ones gay?! 
 no cosmic bowling *nearly begins to cry*
My mums giving me the silent treatment  looks like I'm gonna get it. O boy
I is sad..my aunt promised to get me a new slingshot cuz she brokd mine..but she hasnt got it yet. 
tears stream down your face when you lose something you cannot replace . bro ceci, we'll miss you 
still the great procrastinator... 
andy roddick's talking about his wife. i'm so sad 
@natalietran i swear i'm not a stalker!! i just didn't want to interrupt your conversation  p.s. it was you right?
Just for the record, the toy isn't that big, but my vagina is small 
@anny182 No, unfortunately  You? x
missing my leading lady so much 
This new obsession with agent provocateur lingerie is both expensive and distracting me from my homework . I want the perfume to 
@Mrharrison09 @nataliewhorms I wanna sit on the leather chairs too  I feel left out of the love!
At cousin's engagement party, confuse with the sitting arrangement  my little guy is here, but he's sleepy hehe
just wishes her nana would get better...fast! 
not really liking the new flyleaf songs. too much religion and no screams from lacey  @brigadeiro have u heard 'em?
@labellavitaa cuz the seniors had some shit  for yearbooks and a dance company rented the auditorium (((
Success, the correct anthem, and my mother talks over it all 
is filled with regret that i didn't rattle up the courage to flirt with the cute guy at the petrol station 
My gecko just licked my girlfriends breast, I don't even get to do that 
#iran &quot;my loving sister, I wish you had closed your eyes when your time had come... the very end of your last glance burns my soul....&quot; 
@ sleepyqueen: wow, went sentosa n vivio? didnt celebrate father's day wit ur dad? i also wan to go sentosa, u didnt go wit me before 
I hate sad sport story.. Makes me wanna cry.. 
Last tweet: gotta study: boy toy just left  long distance sucks: took a sip of his water he left...it tasted like bacon: how ill miss him
@SeraJaine  i'm not a stranger
@CesLSU i'm sorry too! delivery person delivered cupcakes, but to the wrong hotel! marriott, not courtyard. oops.  are you still in town?
had dinner with my cousin just now. he's a big fat meanie cause he ate all of my food and now i'm starving! 
got a big bad sunburn!   ahh shut up church singers, you kinda suck :-P
@sum1cute i didnt think that i was invited 
@omgitismanda ok I can't go then  my dad just got off the phone and is like be here by 1 cause papa don is coming out of the hospital to
the secret life of the american teenager is the worst piece of crap abcfamily has ever wasted their airtime on... and they had kyle xy 
@daydreamer1983 You need to shaaaare. 
@wadebeckett I don't want to relive my sad emo highschool years with a pearl jam track pack 
@jimgaydos my dad won't part with the deer heads. I told him I wanted to paint them white and work them into the decor but he said no 
feel like a mother :S taking lil EAn to the doctor  i had no cloth wearing my sis dress of when she was pregnt. :S fkk
*wondering when my prince charming will come...  *
@713chipper momma is being mean to me! 
@sedser Have you got a bag big enough to smuggle me in? me = official addict.  
@peterfacinelli so you lost your bet now?he hasn't got to sing the song and wear that stupid bikini? pity!!!!! 
32 mosquito bits from krissys grad party  19 of witch are on my left caft!! darn mosquitos!
I feel like I've been working out like crazy. It hurts to be this sore. It is 6 am &amp; my aunt is bringing breakfast. I just want sleep. 
just burried prince .. its so painful to see him like that. he was such a playful pug.. god, i miss him 
F you, wind, for breaking my cute new polka dotted umbrella. 
forgot his wallet 
I knew i should have never tried camel crush cigarettes...I like them 
@QuantumLocked I told my mom about my touching random plants habit and she told me I deserved the rash 
@pet_log aww yep will be going to see it and will cry  i know the loveless is a busy girl puts u off being famous i'll stick to teaching x
My dad keeps saying he's gonna throw my dog over the fence when I leave 
@AlohaBruce speak of the devil. stalker #1just walked in. 
@Loubella next up........angel delight in ya life! omg!!! want some right now! craving penny turtles and strawberries also 
sitting at the lodge... finally found wifi where i am staying! yayy! moved in... &amp; missing my mommy 
 my mom just offered me a klondike bar, and i'm not hungry, but i took it because it was a sign of friendship....not war...i'm sad now 
@peterfacinelli is nurse jackie online anywhere? i don't have showtime 
@KarenAlloy yeeehawwwww!!!!! buy me a cowboy and overalls since i actually dont own any  lols special dance session for you then 
I need some more chap stick... 
@xLineBine lmao. your mum yelled? aw.  but shoes!!! remember, pictures are better!!! xox
Dyinn , waitin on mother nature uggghh 
most annoying thing in life is coming home and seeing a grown man eatin yo food like he bought it! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr (family  )
@TomFelton, feel your pain dude, my cousin dyed mine for a class of hers, it's now super blonde, my nat. hair is dark brown  ah well
@barefoot_exec  sorry to hear that there's no super-secret trick/app.  Cheers!
@nicfusion tell him to go to the humane society and take her. She's a total sweetie. She cuddles! I haaate that I couldn't have her. 
@ferlishious my gift would've made you less blah 
@Mlza my bad bitch i stopped by her crib, i needa smoke ..stresssedd ughhh 
I'm such an old lady 
@jeremy_butler I agree 
@TwiObsession *pouts*  if that really makes you feel better *walks away dejectedly*   :*(
Ahh my boobs dont fit in my swim suit anymore.  Going to he beach
@friar_don The poor cashier didn't even have a fan by her register. 
and... to add insult to injury, mom's boyfriend is in my spot in the bed and there is a d-o-g on the bedroom floor  
@GSharpe.. sad times will be had if fall out boy felt your mighty wrath whilst cutting karaoke songs 
@annepeters booooo. kenz took the beast so my mom has control of the saturn 
hanging clothes near to midnight is no joke  But thankful for very helpful hubby!!
I was hoping to have sum cool vid of my nephew 2 show U, but every time I go near him he shuts his eyes &amp; pretends 2 zzz. 
Why is this puppy so cute  poor guy  http://yfrog.com/58v6jij
@lola125 That's becoming a habit...of yours and mine 
mad that holly got off of celebrity survivor 
wooow.. really cant believe how smooth my phone's screen is..im so scared ill break it cuz of the thin film  smooth like a baby's bum!
@aprilmackley why no no no bunny? I miss u lots love  you better convince your dad to let you come!!
@DMagic22 nothing special  lol just the usual, cooking n cleaning. tending to my children. domestic shit lol
plus, how can u get remarried in front of ur children &amp; promise them that u will be together forever &amp; then 1 yr later file for divorce?! 
@creensy dear linderbug, I'm sorry you're coughy &amp; not coffee. 
so i told my mum i want to study symbology and she just laughed at me! there goes my dream of being robert langdon! 
I want my mummy 
Listening to &quot;de bum bum&quot; by jam band. A lil home sick today  need some calypso n soca in my life. Not 2 mention some coconut water :l
@partingvisions oh dear god, kidney stones are supposed to hurt sooo bad, worse than labor pains I hear. poor dad 
I wish I had a butler 
i am sooo dead if mother cums nd catches me on the puter 
@jennay see: awe why sweety? 
aww i just realized i think the sexy chocolate at my job is on his honeymoon  another one bites the dust
my fake plant fell off my desk and smashed into itty bitty pieces.. 2 plants fell to their death in one day 
LOL some of the kids at music share sang a song called children of the night i was like omg!! ace name for a song, not the blackout tho 
@emmaleeks i was filling up my hottie with the boiling water zip thing &amp; there was a spider &amp; i dropped the hottie &amp; it went on my hand 
@eve76 reminds me of creepy ewoks everytime i hear the theme music i wanna look away but i can't. its like a form of torture 
@mtcsince80 but i like my crasy persian eyebrow lady  ion truss nobody. once i get comfy it's hard to tell me somethin else...
ghost whisperer s4 episode 'threshold' is so sad  ... :0
my brother lost my puppy. and I'm stuck  in traffic fml someone find my punky 
@Llawen still painfully slow  problems with deeds at the end of the chain now, praise the lord for my very accommodating parents.
just found out that privileged season 2 is cancelled and comforting myself with a ben&amp;jerry's.. this is worse than losing a boyfriend. 
homesick already 
@mac_feisty closest I'll ever come to having that!   wahhhhh
@Houstonblogger awwwi hope your mummy will be ok! mine has hepatitis c, she got it with blood transfusion when she gave birth to my sis 
+++my parentals are being annoying. 
@markhoppus  the icecream man only comes around my neighborhood in the winter..weird I know http://myloc.me/5hpf
#braves top of the first and we already have a drunk screamer. 
So my roomie left my dead fish in the tank when she said she would bury him   how depressing!
@renee1228, its always disapointing to not see you sitting here behind the desk. 
everytime a great almond street hospital advert comes on, i cry 
@djbet and @nugget313 are going bowling againt my cooks and I don't have a partner 
@joepeppercorn oh dear papa, circ was not necessary disrupts mama's bonding  watch for next son http://tinyurl.com/dmaj9k
upset that the diamond fell out of the hubby's wedding band &amp; can't b found  wondering if the store will replace it...6 mths only leh!!
Going for a run. I need a running buddy   I think I'll take coco
Ahhh jealousy, such a cruel mistress  whats wrong with me?
@FamousBellz than boo...but no bald joke  only gorgeous girls can take risk like the..
@batmanspanties that's not healthy, lady.  have you been to a doc?
@Jeremyrr  that is too bad, stranger.
liz...can't search/follow u on my mobile.   had fun with u, doll!
@Sydneylynnn awh cute, i really want a teacup yorkie, but i have to wait till i move out, theres no budging with my parents 
can't log in to icq on my pidgin anymore   #icq #pidgin
missing the simplicity that was seventh grade. So didn't realize how good I had it at 13.  tired and weepy. UGh. I loathe myself.
@TheLovelyNikki a drunken blur without me ?  lol
http://is.gd/1cNe6 I lou this gaadi.. someone gift me one pleeeeaaase  puppy eyes, tail wagging 
@jul_c I just hope the leaders will hear them, when the innocent are all dead only the murderers will be left 
is trying to write an english response but cant seem to concentrate. i wanna be like puppy in dreamland 
@ieatmacncheese haha my rents would kill. it's airbrush, not the water ones though. I wanted a hello kitty, but my friend wouldn't let me 
fml. jury duty tmw 
 i cant watch skins! mum is in the loungeroom she wont leave!
waiting at culture shock! my sisters gonna leave the house in10.. shes taking forever... 
@shanajaca i can imagine, hurts in the heart  *hugs* I know a child in my family, but it was a worse thing than violence =(
master chef, omg nooooooo both of the girls are my favroute i dont knwo who to go with  i think the blone (forgot name) has more potential
just finished reading absolute boyfriend  it was so sad, cried so much 
ghost whisperer is getting scary. 
Taking my mum 2 da airport 
@sapphire_city and @00mony00 i dont like lady gaga  sorry ash 
my husband cares about his eee more than me.... 
is very upset that my lsu pretty princess balloon hat has popped 
An old cow makes my cry 
it makes me sick that i have to fake a smile everytime i see him but deep inside i'm crying cause i miss him so much and its killing me 
@NathanaelB I wish I could give him more attention, poor baby is stuck out back with the crazy scary dog so I can't go pat him 
shocked how many empty buisnesses over manor royal   on way to dad's  how many plants that man has to water!!
offt whittt! my mum talked over them telling me what to do in ghostbusters, now im stuck 
My moustache betrays my blondeness  #spoonerist
feeling chubby and gross 
@alyce1992 haha i guess that would look rather funny. the ground was cold and wet too  still, im cripple woman-like superwoman.. but unco.
@jaxontyler at my aunt's. in mt. vernon. I can't sleep in different beds. 
upset that my mother is denying me ownership of one of the cutest bunch of baby rabbits i have ever seen  evil evil evil 
@flowergirl_deb I hve yet to meet a cute doctor 
scolded by mummy. 
sitting watching harry potter with major toothache  !!!
no roadtrip buddy  now I can't see my boyfriend graduate boot camp, no its ok.. just someone give me the best anti-depressants you got
k w/ big time runny nose. sad little girl! 10 mos old clinging to me w/ 100 fever. mean 'ol teeth! oldest cranky, too.  what a day so far!
Camwhoring with mum using iPhone in my ugly nerdy new spects! 
Off to a driving lesson...then a violin lesson...then a dance lesson...someone kill me? 
@hannah_wong i dont want a torch !!  i want more clothes since ur sister here has been gaining weight,!!
I want a proper daddy, one who cares 
is it just me or is not beyond rude to talk in another language when you know no one else understands? poor lady at the mangia mangia! 
i assume this is what it's like when your baby dies, or something. toys everywhere, but the house is quiet. i hope p-nut's having fun 
@oneofthosefaces Yes! The clap must be done! I miss the scissor sisters 
my friggin liver hurts... and it's not supposed to...  man down... *cries* I was looking forward to so much in my lifetime.don't care now
@yummymammy you and me both mammy! 
@dad_artist_blk That's really sad   The N word part...
@TawagPromotions You think that i'm still a stranger 
i need my cellular device.  my mother took it, hah. and she's too &quot;busy&quot; to give it back. lol. grr.
@princess_die that's what I'm hearing. One of the original angels. 
@gipsy_dreamer she's gone, then? I knew she didn't have long left 
saw a skinny kitten with its mother  I could only give some food ( soooorrryyy kitty.. T_T
saw a skinny kitten with its mother  I gave some food ( soooorrryyy kitty.. T_T
@erinmbaxter I would imagine not. I'm sorry, dear. 
Ugh I need to vacuum but roomie#1's boyfriend has our vacuum 
@glutenfreegirl  well, I'm doing whatever our neighbor tells us, and if that produces vegetables, I'm cooking them!
@robgokeemusic I know - I should have made some, taken them to my meetings &amp; I should have foreseen my sister was going 2 pick up a stray 
Artistic affirmation from a drunk lady was kinda just what I needed! 
Listening to Lokki talk, ok he's a cat so it's all meows I don't understand but man the sounds he can make as he wanders the apartment.  
@JaneBelinda and my bro-in-law obviously 
so the other night i kissed a statue of a toad.. lets keep our fingers crossed for prince charming  or would he become a statue too?
@JMatthewFlyzik &quot;i poke her face&quot; by kid cudi feat. kanye west and common is better 
@TimNoonan you should buy an ex army hummer... wouldn't matter if you ran into anything 
thinking of ideas and inspiration for raspberry soda photoshoot  while playing grand theft auto of corse
@shruticute LOL... he's new... and he's a prankster...  trying to name a character i am trying to create...
in the process of making doll no. 2 and it's looking heaps better and cuter 
@mrskutcher you saved that lady    you should be rewarded.
amazed daughter got to sunningdale this morn without getting lost at changeover or missing stop altog..should have more faith! 
@gblock messenger.live.com ? 
son tells me that mars bars are ridiculously unhealthy 
dunno wat made her share her past with her colleague but glad she did... 
@bradiewebbstack thank jodie for your newfound amazing spelling 
o.o mom and I are hearing an animal in our storage porch.   no way, no who am I seeing what's in there.  that's the man's job  hahah
basil and hafiz are having a very nice gay moment in the studio 
@JamesRandom ye!! But I still rather imagine my dad is some american superstar than just a bum ^^ it keeps me happy  
@JoanneRK Ah so @michaelgrainger is a gentle subtle flirt. I shudder to think what I am ... LOL so funny 
I be dangling me lucky charms! 
@emmalouiseyyy and Jonnybabyyy living up in belfast  beaut!
@petrac It is now  It's Drunknmunky, and the monkey is made of tiny fake jewels... lol it looks really gay but I bought it from ebay.
@aussiecynic you too, my dear 
drinking earl grey 
Eating lucky charms 
@Shibaguyz more like a gardening addict, but I appreciate the kinder name 
@GreenYogurt lol, my dog's toys? all single. i think it's 'cause of my childhood dentist. he called that sucker thing mr. thirsty. 
sipping club-mate + working with @peritus in fhain sud. escaped loud construction @ my apt. have found loud kids to bug @peritus instead. 
@gcuccinello victoria's secret, m'dear... victoria's secret.  
@choosespun that's amazing!! i don't cook (yet)- my mom is phenom at mideast food too &amp; shes always after me to start learning the dishes 
just had a little snack and got mum/her boyfriend round for tea  something for a change
@SabreenaNew just saw your cute momma at the wine bar! 
Why yes, it is 11:15pm and I am lying on a picnic blanket outside, under the stars, while using my laptop.  nature lover + geek  
My mom thinks I need to get a spray tan too @TrayG!! 
I'm textn and driving with a cop infront of me!!  suckkaz
@thebetsy lady lovely 
is stealing her brothers easter eggs!! haha - what loser doesn't eat them when he gets them...? he deserves to have them stolen 
@casual_intruder  whoo-hoo... not everyday I can say I put a smile on the face of a lady at 6:16am!!!
@iamdakota - huge fan of yours! wonderful actress  k so my cousin is ur twin, ever wonder if theres someone in the world who looks like u?
@Javamomma I am no stranger to that fuzzy feeling either. I wouldn't mind having an espresso right now...they wake me up faster! 
hope mommy and daddy take me to i-fest todey... lots of tail to see 
@AlexisLeAnne well maybe a good cry will be good for me so imma go rent it 
@courtney_s i think the worse you're treating your characters, the better the story is going to be [as long as it's consistent/relevant] 
My 5 year old daughter wants to dress up for the park. &quot;papa, I want to dress pretty wherever I go&quot; 
@kimkibby LOL!..yeah..I told cancer to suck it. I just got out of my 'meh' rut. Congrats on your niece! 
i got my prom dress shoes their amazing i love em , in manhatten todaii me nd my cousin were trowing spit balls at all the people so fun 
@jamie_oliver i'm 15 and i've started cooking for my family and you ministry of food book is so easy to follow and i'm a total beginner 
just got back from lunch with my mum and dad - had a subway - yum yum lol its so wierd seeing my mum and dad together and being civil lol 
@hummingbird604 @StacieBee I'm a terrible speller! I an admit to that 
Cooking his momma's secret beef tips recipe 
@perezhilton the shedevil was black?! lol.. that is so wrong! all women are devils it isnt just us!! lol  
@dinidu the devil likes me, hell's my paradise! 
http://twitpic.com/3j1j7 - my grandpa plays guitar hero...the concentration on his face 
@paulisonfire Night papa bear 
Lovely saturday outings with momma 
mad at @tacrain and @kylielanejonas for completing our mission without me! but app was so good  and very pretty!
had a &quot;doctor who&quot; day,went to the museum and watched some episodes 
@VanessaHudgens just saw zac's new film-- tell him it's awesome! he was sooo good at playing a 37 year old dad 
@robinbrittain maybe a new passtime is called for 
@MysteryGroup what age is the oldest member in the group? and the youngest? grr this is hard haha. but its ok. we'll try. 
@jennettemccurdy hey jennette  , THANKYOU so much for replying to me once again it was amazing, your such an amazing actress &amp; role mo ...
@JackieHernandez awww I love couples  for right now i'm kinda the swinging bachelor lol 
I'm watching slumdog millionaire  good so far
She had never heard of chi's sweet home, much less had any interest in anime--she just liked the character on 1st sight 
@ the bar watching justins cha dad sing with his band 
talking to my lovely amazing sister!! about to wash my white clothes and change the strings on my guitar for tomorrow.  yay for worship!
@heroeswench the house was totally quiet. it was raining and dark outside. the fan was on. A recipe for a nap!  hehehe  
#ahbl princess jared almost ready for his closeup 
@RuthlessDestiny haha not fully a tourist I'm gonna meet up with some mates up there and my aunties giving me the key too the house 
@nicopop No, all is well my dear 
@kylieboyd heh  if i ran a restaurant i'd stick them inside away from everyone's prying eyes. i'd hate to be a celebrity.
Skyping with Mumsy 
everyone loves a chick in a roller derby t-shirt! 
I will leave u with reason #97 to follow donnie, he party's on the street outside of neverland ranch @donniewahlberg only 3 to go 
time for popcorn and slumdog millionaire. 
@purdysmum No I think that is actually a crumpet law! 
@mikeschmid not sure if that movie was great but don't care.  it was like a warm blanket of childhood memories (and replacements tunes 
@madwoman66 that's who I nicked it from! It made me laugh so hard I nearly threw up 
@health_goddess_ same live and work in paradise 
I dreamed a dream I had 40,000 followers-they all gave me a tenner, which meant I could build the doggy rehab centre 
@Nibuca never mind... works like a charm!  thanks a million!    /happy tree dance
my son doesn't know if he wants 2 be a fireman or a cowboy...he wears a cowboy hat and fireman boots  ahhh, 2 b a kid again
Is going to show her cuban friend how to play poker. (5 card draw) with oreos.  she's vry excited.
@belzillafirefox paul walker plays in 2 fast 2 furious 4  as the blonde one  YAYYYY
@evawertheimer The best nanny doesn't need an invitation .. 
@kellymhall *blushes w/ some embarrassment @ sharing his tumblr* As u can see, I'm jst learning! 
@saracenic psychopath lover... we're the perfect match 
had the most fantasticest weekend doing nerdy history stuff with my dad and sister including reading heritage trail highlights out loud 
watching harry potter and the half-blood prince: trailer! awesome 
my dad's lost the key to the shed with the garden chairs in it. @hanpig can you look through that laptop please? i wanna sit outside 
wandering near grand canyon in google earth result:  Where i proposed to my beatiful girlfriend   http://www.panoramio.com//photo/16493296
@nikkiwoods maybe they're in the minnie mouse fan club 
Waiting for my husband to wakey wakey so we can have breakfast and go walking around the lake...  
bringing teddy out to see what he thinks of my tidying...... he approves 
is hanging up her cape...this superwoman is officially on vacation! 
@_LoneWolf_ its still piled up  naughty me, easily distracted 
@mmcd21 is fast.  Probably because she's a confused lady.  
@giaaaa haha yayy  i watched some saved by the bell, and did u ever hear of the old kids show eureka's castle?? i made my friend watch it!
@IndulgeaLittle candles, free or otherwise always helps me step back and enjoy lifes littel pleasures 
I love when mcdonalds workers are enthusiastic and say you look like an actress 
going to watch batman dark knight, get smart, or love guru 
@Charly_Red You do realise I'm gonna have to bonk like buggery to get this lot off and it's alllllllllllll your fault young lady 
@justinlilly My wife says the stache makes you look older but she says you look cuter the old way. 
so glad uncle ry ry &amp; katie got to visit with the crosswinds family today (well part of it).   headed to the beach with MomMom! 
@katiekapow &amp; pointgiver Grats on your new condo!  may it not rain when you move and potential helpers not be busy
watching the prince and me 
@KhloeKardashian always good to stay in touch with reality 
is having a muppet fest  which one next? Muppets from space or treasure island?
@FoxWhisperer organize suitcase now.  Then sleep. You'll sleep better knowing it's done. 
old gloster crew beat the shed heads  nice one daddy lol
@aheart4arts you're welcome sweety!  
I love japanese steakhouses! The cooker guy is my hero and he should run for president. He shares my dislike for obama. 
@dims I and my daughter are also big  quinoa fans 
rest in peace jerry nardone! you'll always be my 7th grade boyfriend 
They upped moms dosage so shes on cloud nine. 
is in the packrat cafe..and thinks you ALL should come in and chat! 
is a lover, fighter, dreamer, and personal ego booster to many. 
the river and aunt miss' house was soo fun!!! loves my nessa, trav and matt 
@karigray how good is the boosh?! howard moon totally looks like my uncle! you should watch the I.T crowd if you haven't already 
@lovessunflowers Supercute! 
Off to take a big poo finish my book and then sleep, so I can wake up on time for mum's final dress fitting. 
mama just came home  we're snuggled in bed with louis (our puppy) and we're about to watch desperate housewives!
@iamdiddy SO...How old is he now? I heard his age was a secret  haha
@xoMelyssa I kno my dearest of dears, I was so zonked LOL we all passed out! LOL the zoo is tireing  back 2 nania, got up 4 a drink LOL
http://twitpic.com/3nan0 - The cure is doing a 2.5 he set and we keep getting closer and closer 
@misscourtney13 cute new userpic! 
I must be a nerd, not a geek, because I love the new range of crocs. 
watching neigbours  in bed 
@MariahCarey tried to tell u that! its definitely boring! and yeaaa u will fall asleep my fellow insomniac! 
@pocket_poptart I'm going to my first lesbian wedding in the fall 
excited for lady gaga in the live lounge!  x
@sussexblogger Aw gorgeous dog. I am a huge dog lover but my life style &amp; dh are not compatible. I tend to play aunty to everyone elses 
@bad_housewife at this rate you will have to change your name to good_housewife 
watching desperate housewives 
@pmeanwellralph No not at all, I can mix classical to gangster rap, anything that floats your/my boat is great  
lovin the new ashes to ashes cd, bring on episode 1 
loving my Japanese lady who has found me more seeps 
@Rochellewiseman p.s have you ever recieved a letter from bethany timms? una got hers jw if you all got yours too  xxx
@jallen285 I got you a prezzie 
@websinthe anomie is a bitch - poetry is some sort of refuge i find 
@jacksper (: it doesn't Whenever I see anything hello kitty related, I think of you. I got a huge hello kitty doll that reminds me of u 
@fugueur hello my bookworm, just letting u know everything is booked and looking forward to seeing you on the 29th  x
http://hotwifemelissa.blogspot.com/ new post, read about my adventures as a slut wife! 
@RosevilleRockLn you're very welcome lady lady 
throwning grapes at my mum  im the devil bahaha
@sassy007 hey girl wheres the other pic that we took inside of millers at the bar? send me that one to please 
@tracya72 hello beautiful lady 
@ericakelly01 g'night lady!  have a good one! /wave
@tweenkiebelle I dont know my dear 
Kels &quot; I can fly&quot; have I ever mentioned I love vh1 soul! 
Quitting school and becoming a professional ballerina....or hokey pokey dancer.....since That's what It's all about after all 
and no, not the revolution eppy is always talking about. lawlz. 
@hakandahlstrom the umbrella pic - very nice, loving it 
@joewestbrook haha family guy  I love how shes talking and peter just puts the comic over her .
Is munching on sultana's waiting for my hubby to get home.... staaaaaarving.... well ok... very, very hungry and wanting to eat tea now 
me: u can be so full of yourself sometimes hor? @ncvbxfgf: hello... arrogance is my second name. *a beat* meek is my first one! 
Talking to a complete stranger! 
@poppymartinez @ismaelburciaga bossy bossy you can twitter goodnight any time you want to. don't should people to death   #bargetuesday
@oliyoung your mum @dianejyoung is funny! Just read her tweets - apart from a grandparent &amp; disney reference, she don't sound like my mum 
@loobeelou nope i am infact superwoman 
and I love how @hokicoki falls asleep when I sing her a lullaby 
a minor understatement - if you ever need design with authenticity and remarkability @laav is your woman, she blows me away 
@ab_p stretch marks are proof of a real woman.you want a clone that is perfect get a barbie or blow-up doll.LOL 
brinjal...oops...not brunjal. that's her brother 
@survivor91 ummm like 200 votes pwease???? 
i should sleep but im watching desperate housewives... 
muppets movie, 4 am. I have two lighters, one with aquarius written on it and one with a my little sticker pony on it, its head tore off. 
@masonpants oh really? I just thought #confession is just such an awesome platform to spill the beans to a large audience 
Visit my sister's #etsy shop  http://bit.ly/qRP1f  and buy something! She makes cute little windowsill herb pots 
getting ready to go pick up my brother  thinking I have the worst judge of character in the world, even my bff's treat me like crap
@thisgoodlife I'm all about the five-year-old jokes  And YAY! knitting circles are soooo freakin' awesome - I wanna hear how it goes!
@zachflauaus A stranger in a strange land 
@MummyMandi yeah planned a murder mystery night ages ago.....its coming up in june ands its 1920s theme,gangsters and molls 
Finally on my way home  del taco for dinner and freaks and geeks until bed. Gnightttt.
My sister's busy learning about the British aristocracy. I merely asked if they still have dukes and things. Now she's really into it 
GOOODNIGHT TWITTTER!!  maybe some family guy then hittting the old hay sack  byes.
baby, what film should i watch today? yes man, music &amp; lyrics, marley &amp; me, bride wars orrrrrrrrrrrr sweet home alabama? chick flick day! 
@7rex only if you use your hands! If not, it's called the nookie pokie 
just played with fire.... and now we are baking a cake...  oh and i also almost put my friend on fire... and sprayed her with backersjoy
I can be quite the dancing fiend.  Even in heels. 
@adent kdyz me tweety bavi, sleduju. #procsledovat --- (ceduli No loitering bych fakt CHTELA!! 
going to shower, then bed and seeing my aunt jane 2morrow! not sure what else yet. xoxo 
@futuredirected I'll knit you a cape so you don't forget what a hero you are  thanks again for trudging through my poems.
love you like a fat kid loves chocolate cake 
@BadAsh84 ...is the scene just kind of dying on it's own? please elaborate, if you will. in 140 character 
@aphie I think I'd have more chance pleading emu than emo   normal service has been resumed now, so disaster averted!
@cath_woman hello! 
I'll be dreaming of the scantily clad young lady on 8 &amp; 30th who offered me a hit of her joint 
after that am taking pics of our lass no @bry_kavanagh for weight loss updates before you say something pervy lol 
bride wars = freaking cute! 
I gave it to the crackhead sitting in the booth behind me 
@TheRealJordin well i can promise you I am your most patient fan so I will keep waiting for a iddy biddy reply from you jordin  
has frozen feet and a swallon thumb. ohh, the joys of mother nature 
@velvetella maccy d's/tesco/offload the kids/seeing my man/curry n manbeers  how about you? xxx
I love my wife. She brought me back snyders pretzel snacks from new york amongst other thigns  http://short.to/6wvg
#vicar of dibley, what do you call a budgie run over by a lawn mower? ... shredded tweet .... seemed apt 
man this diet got me lookin rite! got this lil black dress that hugs all the rite places  cant wait to freakum in my freakum dress 
Oops! Pre beer festival mad cow disease kicking in nicely. 
@awurster all of it, thats cruel man, cruel cruel cruel,  enjoy!
@Kwunny two kirk sisters follow my tweets - how come i didn't make it a holy trinity?? 
four hours sleep..oh poo! it's sunny outside, ima kidnap my sister and take her to lady dixons  woohoo! i can't wait! &lt;3
watching barney with my niece! yayyyy. I loved barney when I was little. 
eating breakfast at holly's then off to see my kid's 4d ultrasound 
oh, elope with me in private. and we'll set something ablaze. a trail for the devil to erase. 
just got back from editing and on her way home walked past a whip-wielding dominatrix.. hmmm.. now what for dinner? 
@mollygun oh I am sure the mask put your passengers at ease or is it the lil bottles of liquid happiness? 
@fogfish It doesn't help that I speak like half arch-dandy, half cockney scoundrel on the internet.  It's tragic, my dear 
@ssowy i love random wastelands  i only bought 15 items. my friend cecile got like 35!!! i want to go back na nga e
makin' the present for motherday..for my mummy ..i hope she like it 
britney spears and pussycat dolls was amazinnnnggg 
waking up with the pet shop boys! http://tinyurl.com/balm6m dedicate do p.buenos! 
@hasina_za I can picture the look on my moms face if I came home with one of those uber cool geek lounges 
waiting for brittany at the tanning salon. grabbin' my nephew from chelmsford then lunch 
@rgphotographic hope the kinky boots shoot is going well - still on for  the angel photoshoot this month 
@LucasCruikshank lol cute. 
@Filmstalker: You are such a charmer sir! 
@ruby Now that's the kind of parenting I admire. 
@shaygooey lady, have you invested in a surgical mask? 
watching my dad run round like a chicken 
reading my new 17 magazine that the jonas brothers are on the cover of  
@TheComputerNerd i will be there to watch it when you post it, your really funny and i think your cute 
@jameswelford Sounds an interesting request..being a pygmy goat owner myself...would be interested in the results! 
Going to the land of adventure with my bitches!!! good luck whit baby with the rest.  [[BoSs LaDy]]
Just sitting here relaxing till my niece wakes from her nappy. 
@heidimontag house and dog sitting wit some friends! girls nite  wbu prolly wit ur hubby! have a good safe night god bless xo megan
@paigetheshiz yep  i like the city is at war better. i also like kiss my sass haha
Man... seeing all these tweets from everyone at @dasro_kast's wedding... while the occasion is  I'm all   I'm there in spirit, really!
@csholm724  cute 
@MamiChula8153 my sister the one who gets the from the beauty store.... I don't know if she stopped by yet but I will let ya know 
@megsis aww i'm your leading lady 
@luishandshake dear luis, i want to see you soon  ur music is amazing
@remzology No reached a battleground in search of gabbar twins 
@devil0ck pretending party?  and yes your kitty looks like a lady 
I want a hang in there kitty poster 
bride wars then bed 
i made a sex tape for my boyfriend. it took four takes to get everything right. i acted frustrated, but it really just meant four orgasms 
Is watching bride wars 
@thewalkingbox marbles? what marbles? your as mad as the hatter my friend. Without the hat! 
is playing resident evil 5 with babykins over tea.. with lights on.. pouts 
papa alex is the best host...getting it in at his crib 
loves her family and her boyfriend. They rock my socks off... fo realz'. 
i love spontaneous dance parties on my balcony  thank you to the boys in the apartment across the way for playing the bongos 
@v_simmons big fan!! love runs house n daddys girls got sum glam pies grey n pink  love em! x
Listening to don't forget by demi  guilty pleasure orly
@ShellyPreston hello fairy lady  xxx
my mommy bought me a cuties body pillow! wut a pleasant surprise 
watching bride wars, so far so good 
@pigpigscorner  oh and i forgot the main part- congratualtions on your wedding  where is the honeymoon?
learnt take a bow and some of unfaithful  i need to learn paparazzi!
@bronbrown No surliness presumed luv....140 characters is like a communication diet  
Art student's car vanishing act http://twurl.nl/ktndrv This lass will go far, I reckon 
is listening to enter sandman, that song is just brilliant! 
watching borat. hilarious. | sway sway baby, youre so audio. | meow. | starting my music course tomorrowwww  omagawshBANG!
@devitadev talkin bout salmon makes me starvin.. im doing my culture arts task. huff. what grade are you in? 
http://twitpic.com/4h3x7 - my new nerdy wallet  (gift by @ineluttabile)
http://twitpic.com/4h4ar - A photo from the entrance of our church. One awesome reason to come visit 
I just got changed to go out, my mother comes into my room and says, uhm, are you going to get changed? you look like a tramp 
at my great nanny and grandads  (L) i always miss them when im not here!
saw ghosts of girlfriends pasts!! so much fun.. 
volunteering at the american cancer society doggie walk 
I love how I do no wrong in my granny's eyes. And when I tell her I did something wrong she says &quot;that's your granny rubbing off on you&quot; 
walk for kids help phone / soccer? / kristen's house / hangouts? 
@mileycyrus i had soo much fun i wish miley where here for the event thanks miley for being a good role model love you to death xxx peace 
loven my friend... brunch?  and im sure some sex and the city style gossip 
doesnt want to get out of her warm comfy bed...sigh...sometimes being a responsible adult is hard! 
@glamah hey, there's nothing wrong w/ dreaming... one of my fave pastimes is to search sotheby's (or christie's) realty listings. 
@myucan91 ringtone it. be the devoted chuck fan like me and ur sister.  i still love my ringtone even if its still messed up.
@Sirjohn_writer donate them, then they aren't their to get comfy in later--have experience with 100+ # weightloss 
@fearnecotton super glad the hoedown throwdown is number 30! fingers crossed the climb gets in the top 10, love miley 
its nice waking up to him* even in this slave cot we slept in lol 
@bojothebudgie i would never compare my ego to the likes of a budgie 
 homme. goinng out wit my dads. happpy birfffday jesss!
@tipp_princess done 
klutzy groceries 
@blackfonzie well done sir, well done....now about that marathon? 
soo i went to maxs and kristen quimpo a.k.a. porkchop  was the first person to see my haircut besides family :] hahaha we say eachother ;P
@dreamingmachine  great reel  loving it
hasn't had a very productive day work wise, but i'll blame PMSing for everythinggg 
@RayRay84 just think...it's almost over!! 
Nothing like walking into gap outlet, hearing pussycat dolls, and then hearing your son singing along at the top of his lungs 
@adrielhampton 4 yr olds are such a hoot. She's sitting here talking up a storm. I am really listening. 
@theteganandsara it's almost like youre preparing to join the circus. next on the to-do list: breathe fire and swallow swords 
http://twitpic.com/4il4i - Does anyone want to buy a teacup yorkie? They're absolutely adorable! 
Waiting for desperate housewives 
just walked in the door and was greeted by two happy dogs and one happy hubby! 
ohh shit son... shooting at churches chicken.. ohh how I love livin in the ghetto... 3 mores weeks till my nice house on the water 
bride wars was ah-mazing 
@liakov you may need an intervention and iphone rehab. i'm here 4 u.  sweet dreams.
@missesoxclusive ericaaaaa.!!  why you arquinq wit them bitches ? LOL we been past that stop qivinq them 5 yr olds tha satisfaction mama
@Azlen cute new profile pic proud papa 
watching bride wars. 
Laying in bed, watching harry potter with my mama 
@sweet_bill haha ok. But I could probably get you at the sad cafe. It's pretty easy and the owner lady loves me haha 
@jeffreecuntstar omgg same hereee he's a sexy mother fuckerrrr!!  you have good taste.
making flash cards...so happy rite now  actually doin my homework...sos helpin
@Edica lmao...how u doin besides looking for a partner in the recession 
@MTVBuzzworthy its about this girl who has a weight prob trying 2 fit in. hard 2 explain in 140 characters 
Hopefully my roomies won't become obsessed with me and try to kill me like the one in the movie single white female did... 
@turbinedivinity indeed, another world, flashback, sensible soccer, supercars, c&amp;c red alert, shadow warrior, any psygnosis or dma title 
hola twitter just got home from a hot date saw the movie the soloist it was good but the company was better 
@LilliJ love the night sky pic! and you know I'm a sucker for the flower pics, very nice!  
at kitty house  except that xani is here too, she smells so bad that even her family ran away from her, tsk tsk.
@twin_vision YES!!! But when u do it its ok  the doctor tole me that....so u in??
@stubby_corgi I use both myself. I can't help it, I'm a multi-tasker I guess. 
@KenanGoneWild Awww, cute 
@JennaMadison hehehehehe no....  but ur naughty! 
@laimaitai21 Really? That is wonderful!  You are a popular lady!
I yelled at lord knows how many drivers for not respecting the funeral procession, and- (oy!). Prankin' from the grave- awesome. 
@DonnieWahlberg honey,got to go...good night to ya and sweet dreams  love ya...kisses j.
@savagemike LOL ya I bet he would. He is a real good judge of character! 
http://twitpic.com/4j99z - a gift from my boyfriend... this little guy keeps me company at night 
@stephaniehealy Past experiences of being a redhead (eg. discrimination) or even just general info bout gingers in society! It all helps 
@flickstack hehe i will never thorw out these shoes  i'm listening to varsity fanclub surprise surprise  sway sway baby is awesome 
Of back off other peoples he can only have one stalker 
@Melancthe that depends on how many itty-bitty-kitties want to sit on my lap 
loves listening to people practising on the piano downstairs 
@lyssiecc haha good phone conversation cat lady! You're gonna be homeless too  you didn't tell me u were having coffee!! coming tomorrow?
@Beverleyknight  really? ur a brave lady walkin around those lions then.  any other book suggestions?
@happy_pills we have a punching bag here! but ive never touched it, covered with my brother's sweat.. but u can use it if u want! hehe 
@RachaelPhillips wow!! you really are a pretty talented lady, most impressed 
back from my nice hot shower      i am wishing that brent was my older brother   
Out for a walk in the cornish countryside, on the great British bank hol   http://bit.ly/AILUn  http://yfrog.com/6rwwtj
In pillow heaven 
i feel in love with pizza girl... now i eat pizza everyday 
@artinvest i hope to, no promises  they all my kids and the dog at the moment, a couple of flowers too 
My 11y/o daughter and I have just had the kind of argument I don't mind having - over who loves the other more 
@JessClarke as a proper journo I would have to agree with you 100%! 
Hey @joyfulbiz, I bet you and your tweeps have lots of mother wisdom to share. 
I don't wanna work a 10-hour shift today! I'd rather whisper sweet-nothings into the earpiece of a lady friend's cellphone.  
@amorphia delegate  I am now eating pate on toast a my wife is editing yesterday's engagement shoot ;)
were you born in a barn? would you like some hay? 8-)(8) youtube the mother song 
@Raehole @melissahope did you ladies see ghost of girlfriends past? i really liked it! &amp; would totally see it again if  u haven't 
going to the cinema to see ghost of girlfriends past! 
may,1st success for lucas first police contact after neighborhood cruising with eggs, cream, bumf, shaving foam. love my son he`s a hero 
listening to my future roomie speak in chapel 
@kkaleal my hubby's a vet, so we 'get' that animals are like children!! all the best! hope ur biz is going well 
@LilliJ ..i'm a buffalo worshipper  ... maybe it is time to pay a visit to my preferred buff-schack in town. http://twitpic.com/4w2ls
Ahhh my mommie got me new sheets for my bed  so comfy
There's just something about a sexy blonde cowgirl rubbing herself in a field  http://worldsbestpornmovies.com/faithmov3.htm
stephs grad party gr8! shoved cake in her face, watchd sis bitch slap a boy, ate good food  satisfied
@amandabynes will u give ur mother anything special? I'll make a cake and make sure mine gets a stressfree day =p cheesy, but it works 
@evlover0327 You are extremely clever my dear. 
@alane01 that couldn't be more true! I like ur momma's style! 
lots of decisions to make...i need an assistant/cook/nanny/chauffer lol lol but 4 real! 
My sleeping beauties  I love my grads!! http://twitpic.com/4we5w
I like this bride's sense of humor, she wore this wedding gown once...by accident!  http://bit.ly/Tnshf
@TrevorAB aww you poor dear! But it was awesome you came out to race! 
craving a king sized snickers 
is ur boyfriend better than mine? hell no! 
with gracie and dustin! sleepover! 
@aussiecynic it's been hectiv runny around after the women but goof  just making them both a surprise now
@babyvtec lol - that's what hubby's are there for, to think their wives are nuts. 
I think you are super cute...  
just got to kansas city and excited for a fun weekend with my family, my sis, parker and josh 
Watching aliens with my boobie at craig rise house 11 early bedtime for the grown ups 
@BBismyBB aww...you're such a softy...I can only imagine you a mess of tears at your own wedding...you won't even be able to talk 
@McCainBlogette Pretty sure you are hero status... You rock my socks Ms McCain. 
just bought 5 bouquets of flowers and put em all together and arranged them all pretty for my momma in the morning!  ::proud of myself::
drunkfda twittering is lone of my favorite hobbies&lt;3 being drunk is my PROFESSIONNNNN 
@DawnofOURnight I'll try (not to be a stranger) ... 
@andcasey lol we should start a group lol the slut sisters 
@ThePBG look, no matter the ethnicity, women are something else!  fellas, can I get an amen? *dueces*
@kman_19 aw check out what i JUST posted http://eveinbangkok.blogspot.com  i really admire your mom. she's a strong woman. god bless her
@claudia215 I'm now a member of the street!! 
@johncmayer maybe she's funny like a jester 
@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4v0vr - cool! you and your mother have awesome hair styles,! Wish her a happy mother's day! 
i love my mummy 
nite nite twitts i wish u all a happy sunday i already have my major gift my my 2kids-my bro-n @_agressiva23 n 1 other gift on d way  tyg
My brother is making banana shake. Yesterday he made mango shake. He's our shake guy. 
man i just made a fat ass buger mmmmmmmmm  taste so fuckin delicious i love food, i eat my feelings lol
somebody smuggle me to sydney, i'll be your slave for eternity 
@ichliebexdich  hhahaa!    its well strange just woke up to an empty house ahah  lolllllyyyyyyyy&lt;3 love that dog
ever been in a pointless argument with drunk mum, drunk nan and drunk mums bf while having dinner??? i have.... fun times all round  hahah
Hanging out at cousin's house, getting a manicure and pedicure.  Then off for some beauty sleep...
Hoping my mom likes her pamper gifts I sent her 
@khtemplar is my son - he gets my vote today coz he has grown into a loving, caring 'soul-full' man - who loves his mum 
done with the fkn exam! n just bought the mothers day gift, finally... tada! the new prada fragrance  going to meet up mum n fam now : ...
@KINGREF thank u dear 
happppppyyyy mothersdayyyyyyyyy  mummy you are the best
waiting for my mum to come back with me pasty 
@thegrates How did yous like maitland? lol. I loved ur set  but i lost my necklace that my bf gave me for valentines during  take care x
Loves his mummy very very much and is so proud she won the raffle, she deserves it! You're awesome mummy i love you 
@LishyyBaba no it was in your granny bag 
@samjmoody i think i may be the first mcfly fan to probs need a hip replacement due to their standing gig haha! ruthless fans  x
heading to church to surprise grandma and hang with marley 
homemade cards, cuddling in bed, singing, hot hot mama waffles, kisses, starting off mother's day right 
putting together my mama's present &amp; taking her to the movies too  I'm sucha good daughter.
@rachhlove your boss was very merry. so merry both sleeping and vomiting occurred. but seeing as its your boss, lets not speak about that 
@veronique0882 I had a major money issue, so I didn't get my mom a present, so instead I played a beautiful song on the piano. 
@ak640 i set my alarm but didnt turn it on. i cant believe i woke up from my dreams of white parties 
hit me up lovers 
@MarybethHicks My son doesn't like either of them (a little babyish), but the smiley is better.  7th grader - hope honesty is good.  
@zsteele They do have coffee. But it's served to you by fscking creepy midgets with helium voices and curly shoes 
@astridcallista she said a feminist then! 
@brittanystreet its coming real soon mama 
loves mexican sheep and awkward girls bible studies 
chillen with my sweet mommy today  going shopping at kop  then cheesecake factory! it's gorgeous outside and i'm in a great mood 
mother's dayy!: goin over to my aunt's house, and then watchin a movie on thaa projector. sounds like fun, eh? 
About to go see my mother!!!!! I made her a fabulous cake 
@cocosworld I love the open hearts collection -- the commericals are cheesy as hell but the jewelry is gorgeous..I have the simple ring 
found theee most magical spot to run ever.  p.s. je t'aime maman!
@cinemarkboy not so much a fan of the ladies. we discussed my nun status. 
had the car all day  made my mother brownies  i love my nancy and can't stop drinking starbucks tea  haha
@feliciaodg great! got nails done, eyebrows waxed, had a huge margarita, laughed at a funny movie, talked about cruise stuff  how's mom?
yeah, I'm not one of them anymore. hello, reaching my boyfriend potential.  haha i have such a handsome, intelligent, kind man in my life!
@melanie_woods proud of you for lasting that long in his company. Even I need a break 
mothers day with my mommy, @kluska07 and her mommy was wonderful  we watched chick flicks and ate french fries with beer and wine. perfect
@RiaSharon Wow, that's quite the rollcall of cool ladies. I'm in 
@jacquestohme i must add there is nothing wrong with a well executed fist pump. i can smell your insecurity, jaan 
watching the nanny 
so sweetheart, did revenge FINNALLY catch up on you? 
Just saw this asian chick walk around campus with a parasol 
asks anyone need a flatmate?  http://plurk.com/p/t0t2r
@Sunshinetalia Your dad's mad giving you his credit card!!  
@bagussoo busy little celebrity is a nickname that nona gave to you, B  i like it tho hihih
How much small talk is required to be a prostitute?.. lmao.. I never thought of that.. then again, not my career choice.. 
@Stodders @Contemptistotal @HenryNorth @littleeris  from letting them fall out, string and door, hypnosis to goin dentist ... hmm choices 
dooood, @j_gyll ! i'm super excited for prince of persia to come out! 
lady sovereign is a mad chiicka 
deer tacos with my roomies (okay, I had veggie..but they had deer!) and theology...AMAZINGGGGG  and T gave me some of my lang. tonight 
get to work with the girlfriend  being a dairy fairy has its perks.
playing on anne-marie's computer...i think her dog loves me 
ahh. listening to a song from the jonas brothers when they weren't as gay. inseparable   reminds me of being young aha i still hate them.
@aaronwells81 why thank you so much!  I'd love to meet up with you sometime and shoot! We could trade tricks-photog tricks, that is! LOL
&amp;&amp;, we bought sandals/shoes!  yellow, white and I forgot the other one. Thanks for the birthday money, mama/auntie! 
Is finally off to bed...I really should try to get to bed earlier...guess that's the price you pay being an overachiever and good mommy 
Ohmigosh, old texts going way back to Ame 07 on this thing! 
@CESAR12987 yo... this saturday! we will watch the new angels &amp; demons movie as well. don't flake now doggy! 
@froggie775 We must be bad influences on him. 
@mydaywasworse: If laughter is the best medicine and misery loves company, follow this tweeter anytime you need a pick-me-up 
@saradestiny HIIIIIIIIII! tell me why sister potato &amp; cousin potato was sooo faded yesterday! we gotta chill again soon 
@biodagar Screwed, blued and tattooed, lady! 
Feeling high as a kite but i'm sober. 
@maureenjohnson ginny's aunt just sent her to the cafe... And I cried.  thank you!
@DavidArchie i hope u're ok kuya even though you're busy.. i'm also hoping that you will reply.. thanks in advance kuya. love your smile 
Sitting sideways on my love seat listening to my 7 yr old snore! He is, in so many ways, just like his father! 
just went out with my dad kareoking!! had too much fun!!  he had 2 much fun with his album. 'april fools' and he loved hearing me!!  2 ...
@lindsaymcewan That is such a disturbing last sentence of yours. 
@karinb_za sorry, was out at a client, no its tote cause my hubby thinks he looks like a totem face with his flat nose 
@winebybrad There's nothing like a flogging by an angry mob before lunch... I'll bring pop corn and some dettol for the lashes, what fun 
@geechee_girl I have a problem with the phrase &quot;remember how cool trucker hats used to be.&quot;  
@definatalie 6,18,22, and 33 are my favorites. obviously i favor the owl one above all else. 
@overlordtrainee This slave owes you gods and goddesses candor 
@MONKEYBALLS You know I really think a bodyguard would come in quite handy! 
http://twitpic.com/55dbp - @swerveball meeeeow  does he sit at your desk all day. this lil hedgehog fella is all i got for company!
@moony_aragorn i managed to get out of it.  go me!
@stuti_ aah ... then I have to watch that...   wife demand romantic movie and get a bit bored. But this is on mylist now.
just got bullied into shopping with my aunt. def not a good thing while hungover. oh wellllll maybe she'll buy me a burger. (too early?)  
just got back from the absolut factory..  have a big cut on my leg from my earring, but my brothers making pancakes 
@doodlebug38 You lucky ********  lol 
umm... i think i want another cat. but i'm pretty sure my mom would shoot me. its worth a try. 
@jcsmith231 so I just retweeted something to you that I sent to my sister yesterday that might help.  @amp451 luvs newbies 
@pennjillette a great opportunity to ask one of the contestants if he or she is for gay marriage or not. 
found my ego, in pursuit of happyness 
@savagestar by, dear! 
@Mariahcarey like 'the nanny'... 
@pickledtreats I saw no stickers, so I think it's theirs. I couldn't ask many questions b/c I had my 3 yo assistant with me. 
Sitting in a gay bar after gay bingo with awesome people discussing harry potter fanfiction and listening to showtunes. I love my life 
@jdpeck16 mr scoops does spoil me a little I have a cleaning lady that does all the deep cleaning 
just got back from the gay &amp; lesbian pride: freedom of marriage event 
Hip-hop just save my life on the wedding dancefloor 
Nothing was better than laying beside my boyfriend on a blanket at the park and talking 
Loves my lady 
at bee's with the boys. @ea_bradford. you complete my life 
home after a successful 350 mile mission with verse + bro. picked up a 1981 missile command cocktail arcade machine then rinsed stoke uni 
@DocNicole if @isabellafiles behaves I will make her anything she wants. I had a girl doggie of my own as a rescue, found her a grt home. 
got to talk to my hubby tonight  i hate my job. but i love my life. and i love my husband. goodnight &lt;3: go.. http://tinyurl.com/quvet6
Just spent the whole task 2 scene explaining what was happening to my brother cuz he kept asking questions lol. At least he's interested! 
watching corpse bride 
@JSpikEThinG lol naw I'd rather talk to a human being than a dog anyways...... but the whole family is cute anyways #ftw 
@leahita no kidding! We are strong army of tweeting conservatives!  #tcot
@WineTwits my husband and I drank tonight.  one more worse for the wear than the other   had some blue sky wine.  pretty good 
@jennyreich I love my leg lamp. It was a gift from the hubby 
@jonathanrknight Awwwwwwwwww sweet pump up that crowd for @jordanknight bday 
samantha grace looks just like her brother 
STARVING...  gonna make some food and curl up with a book. early morning breakfast with my future husband    night lovers.....xoxo
slumdog millionaire w/ a side of hennesey&amp;coke. awesome. 
boys r lame&amp;immature....glad to b home&amp;in my sweats...goin to bed soon 
-@iamdiddy  even i dont tweet from concerts, interviews and work lol ...get a grip diddy man!!  x
addicted to v factory's lovestruck 
@kyleandjackieo rove. lady gaga is on  
i'm such a good multi-tasker; cordial drinking, tamagotching, religion assignmenting and imming  woah.
Laying in my queen size bed  fit for a queen like me 
@Axelsrose 'night, dear. 
oooohh, lady gaga on rove! 
goood wee mood !    food makeup clothes &lt;3
BUT, have cut my hair, started a diet, am getting a personal trainer, and my daughter wants to go swimming  I'm definitely feeling better!
is going to wear her new zebra-print dress to her mom's grad party2 tonight 
@s0nerdy lol... you should record it and share it. Probably as strange as some of my older gadgets around here. 
dad's went to the gym. and i'm preparing cup noodles for myself. because it's soooo cold. 
@ShavannaRene if it's not then it's still fun to chat with somene that's a fraud 
is watch border security with my mum 
@AngelaKeen kid is doing m.s.s. on real violin. i get to pluck twinkle twinkle. my cowrkr's kid starting violin this week! 
@KirstyWrites A whole lotta TV watching (emo finales!) lol and a bit of craft and girl talk today with a friend 
@fissijo *giggles* yay mumzee!  my aunts over and loving it, soooo funny
@arnabgeek inlet is my mother board, r8?? &amp; hav copy paste it carelessly 
@maidincheshire husbands make bad waiters but wives make great waitresses *ducks my head fast 
@becky_mcr_ninja same same  are u keeping the cliffhanger ending? 
yesterday's wedding was a blast. even got to do the bride's make-up.   enjoying some coffee with jana before wedding #2.
@too_fancy say a little prayer for me 
@cavorting And you dear chap, the wife tells me you have a special talent? I look forward to exchanging verbal pleasantries with you 
@lady_ii I added you  and thank you 
@milagro88 Fabutastic!! check out @Jenocide312 he's pretty cool 
@stephenfry hello sir, what is your favourite bat for lashes song? i remember seeing you were a fan 
@nishajl 11 of us including a hooping girl, some work mates, a modern talking look alike, a wannabe gig photographer and mad phd students 
congratulates katie and amanda for walking 16 miles for cancer-sponsorship! atta girls 
@Nilamelodi what's going on, darl?? are you okay? i'll always have shoulders for you to cry on 
'people that feel lonely without gf/bf they build walls instead of bridges &amp; never will change!' they have infatuation as well. not love. 
@succimini ... Molly and her husband... accident... molly is chased by this creepy farmer... ends up... being a ghost!? 
@BrennanLeJean ohhhh i know.. im not a happy camper, hoping  the scavenger hunt will cheeer me up!!! 
eating a piece of pizza  now &quot;pizza girl&quot; is stuck in my head! thanks @jonasbrothers
on my way to see my grandma and mi papi. And eat some good cooking. Yeppers!!! Have a good day full of blessings. 
@Missyshianne I thought the stanky leg was a rare disease. I was proved wrong at the club last nite. I'm such a freekin old white lady 
@theteamcolours yeah me too!  so bad.  and i love the bit in histories where foreman pretends to be her husband.  touching moment.
@thewickednoodle LOL! I just found you! It's like a scavenger hunt for cool foodies. 
@itzbanana thanksss! We're all grown up!!  eeek!
of course, naming my tattoo lady is probably wacko, and that's okay too 
the gig last nite turned out great. except a $*%# lady jumped on the stage. other than that... dame, i was good! 
Watching superman with my sister trying to get her to play zombies 
woohoo! just bought me a twilight and joker poster 
http://twitpic.com/5ddzt - gift for my drama teacher. cute aint it 
Finally got the geek glasses from hot topic  last pair!
Ahh, just finished watlking the dog, went out on a date with my beautiful bride, cleaned the house and am watching hulu - life w/o kids! 
@freddurst cute couple 
@thegame123 I love the catcher in the rye! and twilight  but I can imagine it's better if you are a girl, and I've read about 7 books of
dunkin donuts (((: i hope @DanceDancexox doesnt die from the old lady and the nun 
I love me some old old bitter republicans. 
Ahhh she's making daddy proud! She'll be center snare as a freshman!  (via @brianvinson) http://twitpic.com/5dfsw
looking for group: the origins of dick and catshitone coming out late 09? 
celebrate the #delongeday putting tom on your avatar and on your background!! 
@sdecroo poor girl, i've had half a pot and triple shot latte already. would be going through dt if i didn't. hang tough 
i love the way australian people say 'twitter' there is two of them in my house! one is my uncle, one is a very attractive dishy ben. 
watching television. girls of the playboy mansion. its almost the hills time 
@HaidaFauzi wah, topaz ring - in blue? said to promote good health and a serene mind. lucky you. 
@selenagomez I did a project on women's rights, and you were featured in it. i hope that's alright... 
@frankidurbin Absolutely correct my dear 
My daughters party went well besides the fact that I ran out of food!! haha but other than that it was goood!!!! 
making monkey bread; just got the dough made.  need to wait for the rise. doing laundry and playing playdoh with kids 
@lorenneaguiar @_cavalcanti calm down, LOREENE. uh sweet, i am diva, i knwo i know  i love talk this. *-*
@lady_jane I know,its all your fault!!! 
I love running errands they're mini adventures for undesirables 
@Tyrese4ReaL Gemeni's run their bedrooms too now..... And I have heard they run it well with Capricorns... wink 
waiting for survivor and desperate housewives...which one to watch...i guess survivor tonight... desperate housewives tomarrow 
@catirah girl, shame on you! you gotta send me a tweet when you finally make it to the store...or hire a personal shopper  
@PushPlayNICK its from a childrens book nick. it sounds like a song b/c some1 maybe sang it to u when u were a toddler 
@ century room, taste the rainbow with your favorite photographer and the crew from five-entertainment 
yippe yi yay, mini sirloine burgerssss!!!  my sister &amp; i keep singing that song, that commercial cracks me up! :]
@ErikJones haha he USED to work at hot topic, but moved to guitar center. admit it, he's beautiful  but I like their new singer, uli!
@DHughesy 1st rule of parent club: never wake a sleeping baby.. 2nd rule of par.. ah fuck it.. if there were rules this shit'd be easy. 
@biodagar lol you're not a miracle worker... they can't have the impossible 
@GarlicMAKEZHitz you're such a doll for saying so, it's a huge compliment and I thank you kindly! She was waaay more fly than me, though! 
My gorgeous,loving, oh so wonderful husband just bought me the third book in the twilight series.   yeah! I'm excited to get into it!
@aprilcarpie i love you so very much my little doodlebug! hope you &amp; benn are fast asleep.. as visions of sugarplums dance in your heads 
I really don't like the fact that miley is dating a 20 year old creeper n making out with him in the back of sushi restaurants. K gnight 
@shinskydadon who can 'work unsupervised' but hates being fuatiliwad like a kiddo 
@twotrey23 yay! i am going to be full of it &amp; declare myself an inspiration. clearly baby jesus is giving you a sign! 
@brinaaline good. you don't need that peice of shit. now that i am your wife, you're a new lady 
@BacioLover14 soulja boy &quot;trim those nose hairs&quot;   LOL were nuts ...had fun with you this weekend  
@shaggylive you have to come back and change it to red dwarf ..... pretty please??? Or princess bride 
Standing in the rain waiting for my stinking bus to take me to hell aka hush puppy college  R.E exam in a few
@rustyrockets Seen your comedy special... Hilarious may i say and i would love your autograph but not inside my uterus with your sperm.. 
@getsomelikewhoa I want a pug!!! those things are sooo friggin cute it kills me lol 
likes long mum chats that stop her feeling very sad 
mossyin down to the mosi.  my daughter likes the engineering and i like the kiddies science bit upstairs, were all winners on this trip.
desperate housewives tonight 
haha franga born and bred just like @brydielonie just watching where the lines overlap and then my favourite person tori  aha
@Hollowbabes dont do it resist the urge grab a nana instead 
@marcelbooth it got a bit mum...general...mum...general...mum...general but the end was good. was on the edge of my seat for a twist tho 
met amy winfrey and aglaia mortcheva of making fiends fame today! they were super nice and let me send pix msgs to my mom and sister 
 awake...finally..random dream...i was a penguin but i lived in jersey and i oddly lived in a icecream store lolz 
@smicker28 lets hope he doesnt grow up to be a stella drinker  my son runs around in nurses outfits and disney princess costumes :-/
dear anitta, we have not forgotten you 
@karinb_za What goodies? tell me tell me - i want the key ring, and wolf and heart charms for my bracelet 
@rustyrockets HOT! but naughty 
@TanyaChadwick you forgot to mention mikey climbing trees to rig the tarp, and earning his nickname (monkey boy). that was the best part. 
@elleLOVESgreys LOL. Only my sister. And she's not a finatic like me... so yeah. I keep my crazy crazy obsession online 
@cc_monkey aaah man, royal livingstone! i used the body butter i used when we were in zambia and it brought back memories 
@captainparish sweet and the clan grows 
@safiera gagaga you're welcome sissy in law 
@sharlyn_lauby You are one traveling lady 
@avrilchan: You more suite to be first lady lady rather than iron lady - maybe. 
&quot;i cant do clay man!!! the feeling of clay makes me gag. i dont like to touch it&quot; BAHAHAHA!!  i love brooooke 
bbl. taking mum to workk. 
@dog_crazy http://twitpic.com/5f42e - That looks like a comfy spot! 
keen for desperate housewives 
@LenkaMusic hey lenka..I really love your songs. The show and trouble is a friend,teehee 
watching desperate housewives ! 
@BeginDesigns Thank you for joining the Twibe - I know little late on the reply sorry we were in the middle of graduation +party for son 
@CrazyBallerina yep and thanks to his mom (an actress and an artist) he got the training to be what he is today quite early 
@jewels37 The partying, sex, drugs and rock are very uninteresting to talk about, only really fun to experience directly 
Giving up my slobby slothful ways by diet and exercising from now on 
@mediocre_mum will do, what's your address 
@shaunjumpnow the jonas brothers 3d movie is really good, believe me it issss. i bet you secretly love the jonas brothers jumpnow. 
'@beckamcmaster  love the banner ad on the r/h page showing a pig  http://bit.ly/ZvSz3
@malimali ^^ it's not studio just 1photographer (boss) 1graphic designer(me) if u want to consult about yr wedding ..welcome naka 
@NOTCOT dang lady, so much for turning in early! 
libertines reunion  i need a haircut, its gone too curly
libertines reunion  i need a haircut, its gone too curly
@liquidevil That is awesome! You're a brainiac 
My wife has &quot;dumpster diving&quot; on the calendar. Has it really come to this? 
Boyfriend went to vegas for a bachelor party and brought me back a bracelet... feeling warm in my toes this morning 
@holleymvp And sending your mom flowers from the both of us. Just to show her encouragement. 
@JillianMichaels How did you know I needed to lose 50 pounds? The joke's on you. I have less than 25 to go 
lookin @ cars wit my auntie 
@coryoconnor when that gal asked me if I were an imposter, I was hoping for a doppelganger that I could use as an alibi 
@FatDaddySweets Those are the best kinds of relationships! I pay my hubby/graphic designer in chocolate too! 
Off to sd, listening to new offspring 
@MyBottlesUp hehe...you made me make the goofy smile in bankruptcy court 
Missing my little guy's preschool picnic... which bums me out... at least my husband is there. 
loves having a bedroom you can fit more than just a bed inside  housewarming afoot methinks
@CoachConfidence Talking a breath to allow the audience to do the same - especially for those of us with Scottish accents 
@FlyLady on my feet! 
I am SO covered with petroleum jelly and lip gloss! Makes a good smell, I guess.  Thanks cousins for the prank!
@NovaWildstar my dear husband will have to go to work too... but first there will be a lot of shouting about the injustice of this 
laughs at fake celebrities on here 
lol adam switched american idol on for a second to see what the hype was about to see two women singing in a bikinis lol 
@jimgris my wife loves the new user group T-shirt design - so *officially* it is a good job  #LOSUG
After a great dessert and martinis at the melting pot with my love lindsey its time for pretty woman and sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 
babysitter julian to the rescue 
Waiting for lover roomie to get home so we can go grab grub 
FINALLY a young lady that understands me!  @LakerGirl1
@saritaonline yep ^__^ it'll be, if it does get made.. but the story will get you more than the violence though.. 
More cuteness #followfriday @ashleyannabrown @rubylovesred @lealou @AlexaLewis @muniecas @superjunk 
@ZenityHF he can't help smiling at his auntie katie  enjoy not having those parent ears LOL
@robi27 awww shame baba, i come give u some cuddles soon 
#followfriday than there is @lcstranslations professional complainer &amp; translator. She's canadian but she really loves italian habits 
Sharing a bed with a handsome chap 
@squishycool cute. 
@hellobebe, tell mikey to text quark, he was the one who guested me  quark is my fairy god mother! 
milkshake all round, on the house! gotta love the company for giving free milkshakes after we work hard on a project 
Finally got to watch #idol finale. I love that show so much, and when kris hugged his wife at the end, how sweet. Aw 
Who goes to the zoo at 8:30 in the morning? Only my mother...and yes..i'm still talking to hot guy 
@thespyglass likewise young lady, likewise...  x
@RespectTheWest Ahhh @mtub virgin...And I *will* get there at some stage...have fun grab @hopeinhell 's boobs for me hey.. 
i fucking love this weather and knowing how much it is destroying our 'courtyard' which is only making my dad angry and upset 
On my way to see my sister dance. Aparently i get a free mocktail 
Recently awake, the girlfriend in bed, my cat on the sofa, and coffee on its way 
i'm being awesome  ... about to go to bed and listening to my sisters farts lol
#followfriday @justinewalshe she a lady lady 
@sweetkisses277 You look like a pretty young lady in your avatar on here to me 
@ArsenalSarah good orning to you  #followfridays This lady is a must 
@EmilyAllTimeLow  trace cyrus IS a babe though. agreed?!
taking my lover 2 drill &lt;3 step dad's going on his annual memorial day poker run with 1 of his harley's. lucky ol' man 
@skyrocketlove it will be my pleasure, fair lady 
@sweetthaang19 reading and responding to my fan mails  these kids luv meeeee lol
ok..sleep calls upon me, my darkened mother with soft lullaby of dreams..under her black wings I fall..be back tonight 
Just heard the most beautiful melodic ringtone - it's a shame the owner turned it off 
got surprised by a beautiful bouquet of red roses with a bride &amp; groom teddy! thanks for the early wedding gift helmi! 
Sitting in the sofa and my biggie doggie is lying ON me! He's snoring! HAHA! I love him! 
@Redhossy a sad tale of poor shorty, who shouldn't have been so naughty, trespassing in your tank, he's got only himself to thank 
@shaundiviney check out my background, i took it at the princess ball  u look cool haha
Watching more desperate housewives and eating special k 
surprise. surprise. i knew it that she would put less pics of me and my siblings on the vid. no surprise there. :| but i still ? her. 
Reading sexy man joke in my art lesson 
having some of kata's imaginery birthdayy quesaadillaazzssszz 
wondering abt my dream a few days ago...with a library n disco pub merged to gether....libpub 
@bounder not an inspiring away kit is it 
@spezzano_sandy  now that i know sunstreak is going.. i'm beyond excited! fiance and I's song is by them.. god that makes me happy!
http://twitpic.com/5ormu - my favorite booty shot of me 
i just love my cute dolphin stuffed toy,,, thanks to my friend.. 
mums all chuffed cos she got new earphones for her mp3. lol my wee mum and stepdad are so funny  its good when mums in a good mood haha !
@kyle270 haha baby, i am talking to you too  er no thanks, i'm having dippy egg later me thinks ;) haha love you x
me and @chantalpaige are breaking out in song and dance to boom boom boom by the venga boys ;D we are the coolest cats in the ally way 
Letragique now has a gorgeous icon designed by yours truly 
@obimeowz listen to the shins! cause they remind me of fairies and leprechauns 
The devils laughing in your face give me another taste  gotta love zombie makes me wanna watch corpses
@newkicks always keepin it real @stripper_thief my best bartender (I got tht recipe comin  #followfriday
waiting for my nieces to come, babysitting until tomorrow. we're going for icecream later 
@missjo_ladie well you rock too 
@lunaticsoup priceless...these moments are to be savoured...the freaks in my place are usually of the singer/actor/footballer kind 
@swdanielle He's the greek waiter down the street. He just doesn't know we're in love yet! 
watching old school sabrina the teenage witch, need a nap tho  xoxo
is excited about IdeaBounty, loving the rain, enjoying writing her novel &amp; busy starting a new biz with her best friend... it's all good 
rob pattinson is auctioning off a chance to kiss him for charity 
has been food shopping to asda with mother  work later! but for now twitter and a nice magazine  whats new with y'all? x x x
byebye osce..hello evolution weekender! 
@tearsasmith I saw your men's sandal question... not sure of answer; but my wife loves it when I wear socks with mine! 9 year old hides 
Is here with his sexy bear. 
@DJJUS LOL hiya dear!  what's good?
@KimOrosco I invited a couple fams also,  
@niuts14 hey my little wife!  didn't know about this conspiracy  but i liked the voice of the narrator  thx for the vid!
@1ovakynd just changed my board sponsor on skate 2 from creature to baker 
#followfriday @RobertsonGames because gamer geeks have the greatest senses of humor 
listening to b dylan's 'homesick blues.' my dad's fave song - he cranks it while he's cleaning the kitchen. love the image. 
planning a bachelorette party for a friend. to make the penis cake or not to make it.  that is the question   we're never to old for cake.
@amylynnequist: YES! you have great taste in music...a fine frenzy, a rocket to the moon, run kid run...i'm flabbergasted 
@WOnet very cool!  tell your dad happy birthday from the smiling chicago bald man! 
It has been confirmed that i am indeed horrible at putt putt!  had a blast seein my bestie &amp; all the old boys tho! its been too long...
@dawn_armfield ... to connect.   So no, not a stalker.
@monXsky okeoke, I dont care with dadi and iim or imas or the other one  anymore.. sundanese had done! 
@Bubbles86 fun.. sometimes neighbor fights are better than tv 
@rob_alexander haha i have no idea. you should just come to the south where i am and her my lovely accent! y'allll 
@celticnorse you did notice the #whyI'mnotaparent tag, right? With two young sibs I've changed my share of diapers, and I think I'm done. 
@DNACowboy I know...you are all good, dear 
@Ankit_A yah  welcome to my charity mall   
Watching jack and the bean stalk...who remembers those ladybug books 
@sfable I was movin forward, sista!  
@melodysong lol! yummy right!  i so miss my hometown's bak changggggg
@MaraBG the little pixie pops up  i am following @fridley's lead w d pics. hav u seen his various incarnations, replete w tales of yore?
follow @paulelgin, join the movement  if not your are gonna have un-athletic babies w/no motor skills who will be weird trekkies
@summerburtech no he is 100x lovelier in person! he was so genuine and sweet (my knees buckled)-all the boys were. you gotta meet them! 
Having a late-night love affair with my oil pastels...which is ok, considering my husband is having his own affair with his thesis... 
@esmeg ya to much free time lol. that was ex dog with the pretty boy buju. did you see the orchid porn she is the love of my life 
reading harry potter and the half-blood prince 
Hey @jonasbrothers I will love you forever, no matter what the medi says  You will always be my prince charmings #jonaslive
@eliaday Christian busts us for washing his blankie too!    i need to get a double so i can trick him... i wonder if he'll fall for it
@followlucas http://twitpic.com/61xyn - haha. cute cute 
@RSDixon A new genre of porn -- ailment porn! I bet enough guys get turned on by pink eye to make some money 
@ittybittyboat a FooPet puppy cries when you use language like that. But thanks anyway 
@GeorgeGSmithJr well all the husbands in the midwest are relieved to know that, i'm sure.  especially with crocs as the lure 
&quot;im a b-boy standing in my b-boy stance, hurry&amp;gimme the microphone b4 i bust in my pants&quot; ...onyx moment...no apologies. 
@ViktoriaLove i twitter everyday sweety 
Talking with my magic magic and playing with the furry baby 
@jake_boxer I like how you both follow standard search patterns when you start out; both boards have similar diagonal misses 
my kitty likes to grab my foot to use as her pillow!!  weird fetish or what?  
@ModelMandyLynn What's up lady! 
@ChadLovesMariah hes a useless fug brute/ complete d'bag hillbilly... i hope they go after him for child support 
: To all my fellow twitters, sorry I have been out of pocket but my daughter &amp; an overwhelming intl. response to the biz has kept me busy 
@itsmeleighton hey leighton! how are you? i really like your songs!  you're such a great actress  take care!
@rfinsley i did watch it....but when it went off i switched to the nanny 
geography is such a bludge. 
My sweet angel baby swung a book at my face tonight and gave me a bloody lip. I am nursing myself back to health with 1/2 bottle of wine. 
I want a boyfriend. Like the last one kinda just level up on style and faithfulness... 
had a ball  bouta watch a movie &amp; fall alseep goodnight everyone. god bless
enjoying potato soup  and my little sister keep watching Taiwanese guy play b-ball
@scheanamarie especially if they're with the kind of man that gives you chicken skin... aka goosebumps 
@youngmoneydre1 model,promoter,assistant,radio personality,dancer,actress,poet,internet  bully, internet queen and independent 
let's pop a bottle of wine, stay indorrs and watch a chick flick! 
@jamesmalfitano buff! hotel address, plz 
ahahah i tried to do the bob the builder dance 
@mitchahrens just wanted to say i miss twittering with you   gniiiiteee lovers!
just got home,ate some doritos now watching fresh prince! nite loves 
@BeckyBuckwild awww lol cute 
@tumbledown in really cool mugs with small asian men on them? 
http://twitpic.com/66516 - i got flowers from my neighbor, a 60 yr old lady. she's so friendly 
@Jinxie_G I still dig that kiss scene..  @clancy_d has style  
#followfriday @theknickermafia - funny, opinionated, dislikes woodlice and gives lessons on making great sushi 
@RockButterflyP selamat bertwitter dear~ 
@sdesocio A good bloke, to be sure.  But he loves to peel your theological weaknesses like an onion!   @bahales and I have experienced it!
#followfriday Such a wonderful and pleasant lady, always nice to interact with! a must-follow! @Serenaf66 
@zfitty is a bomb story teller.... lmao 
Prince + ballad = genius ...wait prince + ballad = procreation happening somewhere 
@iamdiddy @djnice me? A prince fan? that is an understatement!  
saw dance flick with cousin and brother-hilarious! was reading midnight sun  i'll miss you guys especially you itzel! &amp; susie &amp; david &lt;3
thinking of prince charming 
I've got @StephanieEllen &amp; @Benjaminglass packaging me as an assassin, pimp and drugs baron. Marvellous 
@nothingelseis whats with the one liners? your the lover of words! justify your #followfriday  sweep us off our feet with your talent 
