Most common words for this cluster:
[('laptop', 793), ('battery', 152), ('charger', 91), ('keyboard', 75), ('wifi', 55), ('screen', 52), ('headphones', 51), ('wireless', 43), ('notebook', 39), ('com', 35), ('gps', 32), ('http', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'laptop', 0.896122932434082), (u'laptops', 0.7227899432182312), (u'Bluetooth_dongle', 0.7140116691589355), (u'TiBook', 0.70982426404953), (u'bluetooth_keyboard', 0.7098079323768616), (u'macbook_pro', 0.7030274271965027), (u'Axim_X##v', 0.6980067491531372), (u'Dell_Axim_X##', 0.697510302066803), (u'USB_socket', 0.6954933404922485), (u'lappy', 0.6937705278396606)]





@griffmiester no exchanging for me, my laptop hasn't arrived 
is running on low batteries....  http://plurk.com/p/n0blb
laptop is running out of battery 
the battery for the mouse broke.     i hate using the laptop touch paddd.
laptop charger is broken - unless a little cricket set up home inside it overnight. typical at the worst possible time 
@m_neko @JAKAZiD I envy you too, neither my phone nor my Nabaztag managed to wake me up before 1pm today. 
So I guess my 3 in 1 printer is just a 1 in 1 printer.  It can't print or copy anymore, just scan.... 
just fyi, i pulled a giant stupid and destroyed my laptop... now my computing involves sitting in the greg lab... so im never on 
I love my netbook, I really do. It really can't handle a 32k row spreadsheet though 
my laptop is acting hella retarded. 
My printer / scanner / copier in on the fritz 
@RAYRAY_SODMG i wanna make my video. it costs 3 hundred something dollars to get my laptop fixed 
ipod is 100% completely dead... been charging for 15 minutes and it still says the battery is too low 
i feel like writing on tumblr but i don't have a laptop 
I am amazed that my bro @SkateGabe knows what GPS stands for...I feel ashamed 
Why do I fiddle???? I've just broken the shift key on my laptop 
Headphones broke  damn...and what to do? ;  ((
running out of battery. bummed i can't live tweet notes from  @zephoria #tltsym09
@LADYA02 interesting.  that laptop charger was 80 bucks!!  
Recording demos with @93s_Child in garageband!!!  Soon will be sending PowerBook off for repairs 
Gaids gaids gaids! I've forgotten my charger so no phone until I get home once my battery dies 
my laptop officially will naught charge. can i manage a weekend+ without it?  yes im an addict :'(
My headphones have snapped 
the notebook  so sad.
just found out the second earphone slot doesnt work on my laptop  they could of been soo happy together
just watched the notebook its so sad 
@twandaforce It didn't sink, I am just banned from using keyboard while eating 
@matelich pixel-lab.com is taken 
I'm tired of buying a new pc notebook every 18 months or so 
My cat is trying to sit on my laptop 
@Keels_90 yummy  lol my laptoppp is officially dead and untill dad gets off his laptop i cant go on msn  lol
my laptop has a virus i think 
madd tired nd pissed cause my laptop has a virus 
Grrrrrr. Power is out. Laptop is charged, but wireless network not working.   pls energex get power on soon.
Listening to music since I got fed-up of hearing @cpearson1990's ;p  I tried to be sneaky and bag the decent headphones. I think I failed 
Laptop keeps freezing and I can't do this artwork  I need to do 9 more samples by the end of today 
@Rompompom she unplugged the base router before unplugging the wireless. 
I need more batteries 
is back---after rebooting---darn! my laptop got 'virus' 
@Michlerish Not yet, I'm on the laptop 
cleaning the battery acid from his holga 
so I guess my laptop soundcard died . . . 
i now need a memory card reader 
I miss my laptop 
Alweer m'n tablet-pen vergeten. 
if i stay awake any longer i might fall down the stairs. that would be no good for my laptop!  goodnight everyone!
just spilled coke all over my notes and my laptop..... this really has been a good day 
my laptop decided to commit suicide.. very nice.... well i supoose i help a little, but it was an accident 
Laptop bust everyone please bear with... Fed up with things going wrong! 
sucks when your wireless mouse is running out of battery power ... sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't 
says got my insurance for my laptop because my charger is broke.   back at college nearly finished though j... http://plurk.com/p/p5nkv
my iPhone WiFi seems to be buggered 
This laptop sucks 
@DrRus just the charger is missing actually, and no 
I've had my laptop on my lap for 2hrs to dry my jeans...not there yet!! 
Anyone here able to download a file from blackberrys website 4me then put on a dropbox or simuilar, tried 15 times now and keeps droppnig 
my laptop is dead with my report in it 
Doesn't know what the hell happened to her laptop-but it made a scary sound! 
boyf bought a new laptop charger so i can finally use my laptop for more than 30mins a day! can't believe what he paid though 
We have internet, both working and routeable IPv4 &amp; IPv6, coffee at #ipv6summit .. but my laptop is running out of batteries  PoIPv6 any1?
I'm still waiting to hear back from college! How annoying. Wish i had an ipod charger  miss my skullcandys
Finally got my laptop back....minus the 600 new songs I downloaded 
My laptop charger is not working.. Now will have to buy a charger too 
I have resorted to taking my laptop with me in the van and pulling free WiFi from BurgerKing to try to finally get podcasts downloaded. 
I can't find my charger. 
Trying to fix my laptops battery.  It's not charging right.
is eating mac and cheese. and just dropped some on his laptop  and now he will clean it off dsajnv/'?';?;l,./.;l./;l,,mfamslvdk;./
is eating mac and cheese. and just dropped some on his laptop keyboard  and now he will clean it off dsajnv/'?';?;l,.;l./;l,,mfamslvdk;./
finally found out where his keychain went, but will never get it again 
I left my laptop charger at icebar so i'm pretty much ready to commit suicide right now.... No computer for a few hours  
stupid keyboard! that was meant to be a 
Ughhh ipods still on first charge, SO BORED 
wishing i had my laptop back...it had my favourite dvd in it 
@GUIBB your laptop doesnt work at all? I would be so sad, it happened to me before with my first laptop, i spilled soda on it ilovedit 
wireless internet still broken  , using my @INQMobile as a modem, works incredibly well, much faster than I expected and a doddle to setup
wireless internet still broken  , using my #INQMobile as a modem, works incredibly well, much faster than I expected and a doddle to setup
My laptop is crashing badly right now  I hope my files can be rescued 
Whoops, my laptop fell on the ground. 
@stephmcfly : aawwwwwwww!!!! i sorrry  my laptop doesn't connect so i'm on my grandma's hah
my laptop is freaking out 
My laptop is actin' up 
need to get a new battery charger for my macbook...waaahhhhhhhhh 
I'll go from 28 (sort of) laptops to 11, not exactly 1:1 with 25 to 30 stu's. 
My damn laptop screen is dead 
my mom's laptop has ie 6, i didn't know people still used that ... sadly it's her work laptop so i can't even update 
girlfriend's laptop power cord just snapped in half.  anybody local got a spare one to lend her? 
My laptop isn't working and i think it has a virus 
@nicolejarrous i forgot my charger!  did you sign evy up?
http://twitpic.com/4gz0u - I hate my laptop 
I lost my wallet. I've checked everywhere. I hope it turns up. 
ive had this laptop barely 6 months and already its on its last legs. jeez 
I can't find my laptop charger 
missin' the laptop 
and it doesn't really work to listen to alexisonfire with only one earphone 
The laptop, the internet, the aircon, the lamp.. All things that are annoyingly broken at our place   Not cool.
I think I just broke my brother's laptop trying to watch free movies online.   (via #zenjar )
@girlwitharedhat at stoplights, cause my touchscreen won't let me text without looking 
Moving upwards. And I also forgot my headphones. 
@LjTx that's cool. I wanted to get myself a new laptop but can't do it just yet 
I HATE Not having my laptop 
@vincent_ryan I think your laptop passed the swine flu on to my laptop 
I wish I had my laptop 
my computer battery is running out fast and i still have 2 periods to go  left charger at home what am i going to do?
I think my laptop's burner is broken. I suppose that after two years with absolutely nothing going wrong with it, I was due. 
I thought my laptop was invincible - it survived falling from the overhead compartment and crashing on the floor. But it looks wonky now 
my laptop was a casualty in the flood 
@nawalnader avg cell phone has capability of PC of 98 http://tinyurl.com/cjk7g7 I hate seeing students &quot;plug in&quot; after leave my class 
I have a cold, it's cold and I can't snuggle up on the couch with my laptop. This makes me very sad (also, pathetic).   
The WiFi in the HoliDeck is down, which sucks royally!  You think when I entered they would have told me 
I decided to be nice to my mum and she was a total bitch back  and I believe she has my laptop &amp; internet
is not happy that it's going to cost $329 to fix the lcd screen on my laptop 
Who is hacking my Wifi ? 
Laptop is breaking I think.. 
My Laptop's not doing good!. 
@305DivaTweeter lol this ish is actin up i need to restorw it but my internet on my laptop aint workin 
My laptop screen broke 
has gingerale all over her keyboard. 
Ahhh I want that L.A.M.B wallet!  but I'm NOT paying $129 for it!
My battery is about to die . . . 
twittering on laptop, trying to organize crap, missing my cat. 
my printer ran out of ink !! 
Making flash cards 
Laptop's in the repair house  $2300 worth of repairs  took it in on the second last day of warranty  priceless
The apple store is shut for updates!! I want a new laptop! 
My vibrator batteries died 
the 'g' on my wireless keyboard does not work. very important letter, taking it back 
Laptop out of powah 
Out of printer ink 
@sarahrowe @christiminki I need a hug. my laptop is screwed as I spilt water on the keyboard and it went dead 
laptop kaput - back to toshiba for warranty repair 
@cls I don't like the resolution, nor the screen size, nor the keyboard, nor the trackpad on the #eee so... 
k so i need a new cellphone charger 
compared laptops with my wife and I noticed my lcd is yellowish compared to her monitor.  http://plurk.com/p/sy0lq
After a tasty cupcake now I need the time to watch the tv shows I have plus I miss my laptop 
i need to sleep naw. but i'm not. i just entered the net. still hating my sisters for stealing the mojo of my laptop with the modem. 
Just back fm beach, didn't take camera (fear of theft to gr8  ) but snuck phone in u/wear *G* will upload pics asa find bluetooth dongle..
Where's my wallet? 
@shaia8 she has a different model laptop than I do. 
I cant find my mouse pad  how inconvenient!
computerless for the forseeable future 
clearwire modem does not work. 
@FreeMindStuck yeah i hate doing major surgery on laptops lol.. sounds bad, i'm going to have to do my screen and keyboard eventually 
My mac battery has exploded. No wonder my laptop was wobbly. 
Bills getting so bad i had to sell my laptop  damn economy
@djsparkx sooo I guess that means no laptop fixing for me 
Laptop decided to go tit's up, great  I'm avoiding rebooting, no need to at all...
my phones dead and i cant find my damn charger 
@screwdriver standardizing chargers for phones, cameras and PCs would make for less waste. but less profit so not going to happen 
adsl has been down all day  backup wireless is struggling to cope with my bandwidth demand.
There powers out &amp; my flash battery is dead 
...mini notebook down! back to my old heavy laptop! 
Today is not going to be my day, can't talk, spilt orange juice all over the carpet and tripped over my laptop cable 
bugger! lost WiFi in theatre  #fb
lastminute.com #hackday has just started, and already my soundcard is playing up 
bummer ... win7 doesn't support my old, trusty hp laserjet 
I can't get my laptop to start up  I guess that's what I get for using a laptopi bought off of ebay for so long.
@margesona I tend to lose flash drives due to the plastic piece breaking off my keychain 
ahhhhh! my laptop is like dying and my charger isnt working. goodbye real interwebz in 10 minutes 
someting wrong with my dvd/vcr recorder most unhappy. was planning on sitting on new lounge watching bond's quantum of solace. 
I'm going to have to call telecom because the wi-wifi on my laptop isint working 
I bet this device is already made to. I would not put it past our 'leaders'  to seek and destroy all humanity. 
Watching the notebook. 
I need my laptop back 
laptop hinge just broke, can't really move it without destroying the whole lid, i hate that i wish it was monday so i could get it fixed 
Phones dead and I have no charger... 
can't get on my laptop  nothin ever works properly for me!!!!!!
i sneezed all over my keyboard 
After years on a laptop using a desktop is hard  I feel like I'm at work.
@znelson I tore the small ribbon cable taking the old drive out. So now my laptop is a desktop until the part comes in. 
back from the hague. no wallet 
my mouse wheel died 
Wireless router failure  On sofa with laptop using the old fashioned bits of wire technique!
Trying to fix my psp battery it pissing me off 
Extremely mad my ipod was on all last night wolf up to a dead battery  not cool
my laptop is broke again 
trying to put xp back on laptop and having major difficulty and i dont know why 
child inserted credit card into macbook dvd slot.  card extracted successfully and gingerly with tweezers
Fixing an old USB mouse GPS that apparently had the antenna cable broken. My eyes are not as they used to be for smt soldering 
Oh bee, why must you land on and guard the wireless card I need from the trunk 
Just on train to paddington, want to charge my laptop but man next to me got there first  listening to immortal technique = amazing!
I think I lost my wacom tablet pen in the move. Looks like I editing will take longer than needed. 
Getting very annoyed with my wireless router that keeps dropping connections. 
flipping powercut has killed my routers wireless  i dont want this hassle
A disappointment in my new GPS logger M-241, I couldn't get it to log speed for the route. Turns out  speed logging is not available 
I want to upload my photos from last night but the usb ports on my laptop are not working 
Just figured out the freezes of my new laptop require a replacement of system board. That will probably mean no tablet for a few weeks 
WIFI is dead... i'm getting really angry :/ no twittering for me tonight, then.. 
my ipod is out of battery 
They spilled mad champagne on my laptop hopefully it still work 
headphones broken 
@emmaguy One day I'll be allowed to use the intel turbo memory installed on this laptop in #win7 
Oh, my laptop screen has resigned working! 
Holy crap, I forgot my headphones 
got a bad feeling that my laptop hdd is dying  making weird grinding noises :S
my laptop is getting really hot lately.  i might have to buy a new one soon.
damn! my wireless mouse turn auto-double click, this is annoying 
forgot my headphones 
Managed to forget 4 different bits of electronic junk, including the charger for my laptop, when packing my bag for work this morning. 
ReTwitter: @ jaddes_green: my laptop is getting really hot lately.  i might have to buy a new one .. http://tinyurl.com/owjbjv
is laying in bed feeling like crap  and hates how tiny this netbook keyboard is
laptop is very slow and silly 
@richflight_318 my laptop froze  but I'm back now if ur still up...
I forgot my headphones 
Dammit, this vista laptop won't find any updates without erroring out 
Greatt i dont have a graphing calculator 
Laptop is screwed. sending from mobile. I still believe in windows- papa was an engineer. 
@emoracket sure... I need to search again because I fomart my harddisk 
My soundcard and usb headphones both crackle randomly. Mostly in game. I can't figure it out 
One drawback of rainy days, GPS signal sucks. Just ran 5.4km, without @runkeeper to help with the tracking. 
@mandelak  I guess my local printer is lousy.
So now not only is my laptop fecked seems pc is pretty much shagged too 
I really shouldn't be trying to print dozens of pictures when my printer needs a new toner cartridge 
is REorganizing her laptop...feels goods...but some music has to go 
my laptop is slow, and I don't have my desk (and desktop) setup yet 
I lost my wallet! 
@MsUnreliable what's wrong with the lappy? I once fell asleep with my laptop on my stomach, rolled over and cracked the screen... 
I don't want to watch the notebook 
@shameonyoko sorry about the WiFi .. 
My battery is running out 
Wifi in the auditorium is flakey.....  #emcworld
@ChantelleFiddy battery died 
wants a laptop for her birthday. any laptop. as long as it functions. please. 
anyone have a spare 16v adapter for ibm laptop? everything is fail 
I broke my keyboard. 
Oh man ! my laptop screen is blurry now ! i try solve this problem but don't find good solution  .
so tired. i left my lappy charger at school. no more finals, no more charger 
laptop deaded 
She's shouting at her laptop now... 
i hate it when my laptop clicks things that i dont want to click on such as accepting facebook requests 
@littledevil84 My lappy has died and has gone to hell in a handbag! 
says My second laptop was fried in a power surge  yesterday.    I've lost a dear friend. http://plurk.com/p/vgojt
I bought a flashlight app for my sidekick..I don't know like it. 
yay my net is now back working. although think my laptop is dying now 
I don't want to send my laptop away again  sniffle
fell asleep revising r.e, woke up to find my laptop about an inch away from falling off my bed! 
@iysis78 no problem. I'm okay but I've been better, my laptop is being stupid  how are you?
@jaysonacademy naww why?  nm aye sitting in bed in the dark on the laptop haha.
The dell mini saga continues!  The refurb I got has a bad battery.  Kaaaaahhhhnnnn!!!
my laptop almost died.  but he is okay now &lt;3
I am finally, yes FINALLY going to put the laptop down and try to go to sleep. I'm hungry though.  http://tinyurl.com/r4per7
trying to do some work outside on  my laptop, but it's just too darn bright and I can't see the screen 
@evernote why does the desktop client still have non-standard keyboard shortcuts for un-indeinting bulleted lists? not impressed 
keyboard cat is now trendy, I did my own keyboard cat video DAYS ago and no one cared 
I miss my laptop charger. 
Laptop charger broken :@ Hopefully comet will have some in stock - otherwise I'll have to wait weeks 
Laptop still dead. 
somehow my laptop battery isn't working, my now new macbook.. is now a desktop. 
using windows, my laptop's broken  aaaaaaaaa i want mac now
sorry tweeps, wont be able to upload pics until my laptop gets repaired  bloody desktop is too old...
aw, sad... I'm not an instant winner for the ascend thing... no laptop or ipod touch for me 
the laptop is low batt.  too lazy to get the charger. ) bye twittterrrrr.
Aww, man! I bought a notebook that doesn't have perforated pages. I hate that. 
@Journi awe that's no good 
Pix of tonights's rally should be up sometime tomorrow.  Laptop is at the office. 
Using my granny's laptop  its slowwwwwwww. gosh i want my fricken desktop with internet soon
darn laptop too slow and not calibrated anymore can't edit any pics now while on vacation 
My battery is dying.  i cant tweet as much ...
I need the drivers for my laptop. 
ahhhh...it's uncomfortable without a second monitor, keyboard and mouse...bad resolution on our notebooks 
@JonoH I wanted cable, but I don't have $400 for the cable modem and installation 
Begging the laptop not too die on me - too much work to do 
broken charger 
@turnitgrey my computers broken and I broke my laptop so I had to use the phone  ahh still on he cause they fucked up my order.
i just murdered two fucking mouses!!! now i cant sleep 
OUCH! my earphones just shocked me 
lappy charger is completely dead... conserving what's left of the battery until i can afford to buy a new one 
@vivzy wanted to change my handset covers, pen drives and a headphone in some place..guess its not happening... 
Getting rather annoyed at my notebook. I know it's old and has got wrinkles but it's never been this slow before 
I'm torn, do I get an extended warranty for my iPhone when mine runs out, or jailbreak? I've already got problems with battery &amp; earpiece 
Working at home  Wifi not reaching the garden 
@johan__ thank You! I almost forgot hoe to type on the keyboard how long I was anway from my PC.. 
I miss my wacom. Especially the mouse. Laptop touch pad is horrible 
@chezmax butbutbut... it has a qwerty keyboard... how can something with a qwerty keyboard go without a nethack port!?   
has had to reboot her laptop to factory settings, losing EVERYTHING in the process. 
Laptop's thrown a paddy.. So bouncing half of my 'live' set down as wav's  ..need a new laptop and a new copy of ableton.. hey ho MTFBWY..
I am using an on-screen keyboard 
has new headphones but no mp3 player yet  http://plurk.com/p/x258n
Looking for a new laptop battery. Why are they so expensive?? 
There my laptop is dead  lucky I got my fone lol
this laptop is going to die, its not working! 
I think my wireless router is dieing 
It's so cold out there! I've just lost my wallet 
my laptop my laptop!!!! taking sooooooooooo long to load fdms myspace page 
Wish I had a laptop charger so I could tweet faster 
There are bugs attacking my laptop 
I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals.. 
ok guys, have to turn this Laptop off to pack.   tweet u guys on the road! bbl......
whats wrong with you, my sweet laptop!!!!!! 
Its coming out the socket  I feel like my phones hole is not a virgin. That's how loose it is... :'(
@melodyxxx boooo!!! I bet it was a nice wallet too 
watching the notebook 
My battery is on red and I may lose connection 
@illaghee bro I haven't found the power cord for the camcorder yet 
Giving up on connecting my usb drive to the router.  
anyone know how to change the sensory on the laptop mousepad? i forgot 
I already miss the physical keyboard 
@summernags my laptop keeps shutting off 
Ugh. I need a wireless adapter 
got her laptop formatted, original windows being replaced by a counterfiet. 
wow the battery on my nokia has basically died... and they never work as well again with a new battery.  But can not spend money on new ph
@aplusk I had to use my laptop. It has good speakers but terrible microphone. And my nikon d0 doesn't have video 
I really want that new verizion laptop,you no that mini one  too bad i dont have $200 
My remote control needs new batteries. 
@daedalusyumeno yeahhhh i dont have flash installed on my opera mobile 
@jocelyn808 yep I can't even reboot soooo that's really lame  prolly won't study abroad in the spring since I have to get a new laptop =T
looks like the laptop needs a complete re-install. too bad I don't have the system disc. and I can't make a backup disc now. 
my laptop is being soo stupid. 
my laptop dieeee!  well actually is the charger i have to wait til mornin' to see if i get another :sad:
@TheYungExec sorry my nigga  but glad to hear your laptop is popping
Having trouble with my laptop 
Myspacing lol trying not to touch my forearm 2 the laptop it might stick n then pain all over again as I'll have 2 tear it up 
When you can't see landmarks, GPS in a taxi is great. But.... This driver doesn't know how to work it 
i miss my old keyboard  ...but i love my new keyboard more [ ! ]
I lost my wallet  I'm soooooo pissed
so I plug the battery into the battery charger - and the fuse blows  
@hayleycoll she's got them on her laptop but not on facebook 
Hickups op de WIFI 
@PicSeshu chances are the router's gone bad. I've had this happen to me - the only solution is to get a new router. 
@oOdolfinaOo how do i get those pics to you? i have some saved on my laptop, the rest stuck on my hard drive, with a broken lead  
@njvinnie i wish i could! i need a better mobile device 
@jareason my laptop was being used last night to watch movies 
i need a desk that doesn't require me to perch my laptop on it so precariously. it just fell off. 
I wish I could be outside with my laptop..  daam for not having wirless internet or good laptop battery..
I' glad #pp09 is broadcasted online!  To bad it doesn't work on my laptop 
Testing out my new homemade cardboard laptop sunblock solution - though it DOES work, it hardly leaves any room for typing 
Laptop fell of the bed, another power adapter ruined  time to buy #3 today
Missing my laptop 
*sniffle* I want my gizmo 
gahhhhh i want my fucking laptop back  stupid hp repair center.
@KhaloodA but I want to use my headphones 
Laptop is back up and am 190$ poorer 
needs a new wireless router... the old one died 
just managed to get orange juice all over my laptop 
 my ipod's battery died!!
having a sprained ankle. one of those days i wish i had a laptop and didnt have to go to library for internet usage!!! 
@kathyxxxx my laptop doesn't have that symbol 
Why is there no bass on mac laptop speakers. Listening to our record on a laptop sounds like we kicked tyler out of the band. 
@primehex No mmm at breaking your laptop 
@lboogie007 still no laptop  FedEx says on its way  prob means 2 weeks  calla go 2voicemail when in tweeterverse
fml, my laptop fan is total fucked now  i can see my processor over clocking and burning out. might need to buy a cooling padddd.
Laptop died last night  Borrowing my brother-in-laws mac in the mean time.
i have 6 mins left on laptop battery  i will die soon
@EllabellCullen3 ((my laptop died. I can't go on msn   ))
grr... volume on laptop not working and i want to watch mcfly dvd on here ! 
I really miss my laptop 
my mum just turned on her laptop and everything had been wiped off it 
@sneha_goud you would, just like you would bring up moleskine notebooks! let's talk soon, i miss you 
@Mimo777 why did u lol about a dead kitty 
right in time for the mega event, my old etrex GPS gave up  #projectgame
at the house in GPS. in pain 
Just realised I can't find my sonic screwdriver! I &lt;3 my screwdriver 
@befosaur talk to me  i got kicked off my laptop.
whats happened to the sound on my laptop? 
@howardberry  would love to oblige but my batteries are low 
can't install my printer!!  grrrrrr
the webcam on my laptop broke  great. no skyping this summmmmmer! D:
I'm tight. Smfh!!! Ugghh! I mite have to clean my laptop out. 
I can't find the battery charger for my big girl camera 
my laptop is burning my lap 
@jojoflufferWHAT you soo lucky now... your modem is not failz but mine is 
about to install w.o.w on my laptop;&amp; i miss bebe 
@jASH_mjBs I hope so!  I want smiley faces and on screen keyboards!
@stephenroller broke the ribbon cable connector 
wireless is down  my router is a saviour
@jakriffer I can't figure out what 2 get. I need a lot of storage 4 all of my music. I may have 2 get a desktop instead of a laptop. 
I Miss Youu  Laptop 
@cooljazzi1994 ...this is why you need your own laptop !!!  i can't help it!!  sorry... 
Fml my laptop charge cord thing doesnt work anymore and my laptop just died 
My laptop is fucked up. 
so now, I only have 30 rb in my wallet 
Laptop battery just died 
I want to bitch slap my computer &gt;.&lt; it's so frickin slow! I miss my laptop 
via @sturmlaeufer: right in time for the mega event, my old etrex GPS gave up  #projectgame http://bit.ly/24Vuc
@voycey: I like the physical keyboard on a cellphone 
battery on laptop about to end... heres the killer. i cannot move to get the power cable.  bed bound on nicest weekend off yr. lush
only one of my earphones is working 
ugh, cant open youtube on my laptop. i can open it on my pc but then there's no sound! 
maybe i should get a macbook soon, is a 3 year old laptop due for retirement? 
@shaundiviney shaun u wouldnt happen to know my password for my laptop would you? i finaly got it fixed and i forgot the password  help?
is forced to get out of bed now the battery has run out 
It takes 1 minute and 20 seconds for my laptop to fully boot and load my desktop. 
my eyeballszxzx are popping out from their sockets after that frisbee 
Off to buy new laptop, the other buggers dead...  
Laptop has frozen just before I could tell people. 
@nerdc0re my wireless on my compter is fried!  http://myloc.me/2aYF
@Hcrry I love how you have a c just like SHCL copier 
@One_StepCloser @rehmxo im not scared... hehehe....  my parents are taking my laptop off me
I forgot my laptop charger today 
damn black laptop in the sunshine can't touch the keyboard anymore its so hot!! I don't want to back into the dark to use my laptop  
just got my laptop back from those evil tech guys who kept it for over a month 
Oh great. I've lost my effing purse. I'm more bothered about the purse itself than the cards - it looked like a gameboy 
My headphones are falling apart 
Laptop has deleted itself from existence...bummer... couldn't take the move  have 2 search 4 one 2day b4 hockey sucks me in
Laptop refuses to boot 
no ligths here  praying for my notebook and cellphone dont turn off
Just dropped my laptop, still works though and still sad 
i cant move for the next hour lol. as my laptop battery if fully flat and the connection is loose!! 
Laptop just died  needs to be charged
I really don't remember dropping my laptop  huge crack in it
I am really sad... my laptop has died, it's not even very old... we think the hard drive crashed 
i watched another saved by the bell episode, but i fell asleep because i hadn't been to sleep yet, my laptop shut + lost the link! 
laptop battery dying... sadness imminent 
I can't believe i lost my charger 
got a new laptop, the other one died on me 
has a broken laptop  it wont connect to the network wirelessly. neither will my brother's xbox live.. anyone know why?
@JPMac01 well i do have a mac but also have 2 pcs, im the same apple all the way but my laptop is pc and my gaming machine is windows 
forgot my headphones 
arghhhh, my keyboard is baddd 
looking forward to his first day with his shiny new laptop  thank you @AndreaBlack @dannyt  still not got the remote control to work 
I wish the fan in my lappy would work 
@tomsgal I rather hope not think i have been staring to much at my laptop 
I am finally, yes FINALLY going to put the laptop down and try to go to sleep. I'm hungry though.  http://tinyurl.com/r4per7
got my new guages !!! omg it hurts 
@jon182x @darrndoyle wish i had a pc now - need to sort out parallels and windows os for my laptop instead of training room - only on PCs 
desktop is dead  now what am i supposed to get. I'm thinking a laptop.
forgot to bring my headphones 
@theyellowroom especially when i have to buy a new router so bryant can have internet.  fffff
Why are my cds not loading on my laptop! 
Wifi for my phone is kinda on and off. I definitely think its damaged. I couldn't update twitter for like 10 hours  I just woke up btw.
Ah  coffe just spilled all ove my laptop 
my laptop broke  be back soon
Everything is broken; first my cell phone and know our laptop power cord which =dead laptop 
nick stole my hiptop 
@shhcheng wth? 2 of my friends lost their wallet and atm card and one of my coworker lost her wallet and keys. And I lost my pocket knife 
My laptop screen is going all floppy 
my laptop still has not worked at all... how come!!! its soooo annoying and incovinient! 
@moniquepowell if i had enough cash on my card i'ld go buy that netbook right now. tonight at fashionblock i really could have used it... 
eish now my charger is fckd up 
Ah! The battery on my laptop won't charge.  x 2
@pandapoo the long awaited.... Could you send a msg out for us. I have no laptop 
@_xSteph the notebook 
Using twitteriffic. Wifi here is slow 
@LadyNez95 i was at my sissy's and had no charger 
aaaagh, i hate my laptop!!!!! 
Laptop + a+ book adds major weight to the back 
Parents came in, making noise and spoiling dongle. 
Just realised that she can't charge the shiny, new  (borrowed from @jamesotron) bluetooth headphones. Cabletangle = 
@sebdude i was hoping there was some emulator for it....  the logitech one that i like is not 100% mac compatible. no audio or settings.  
no battery in my laptop :waa 
@brainstuck I have two 21&quot; LCDs at my desk 
just lost my wallet 
very hot on the montgomery canal. my laptop is behaving strangely 
@wmobri: @mpoppel If they had a short then they would have lost some electrics!... so probably no GPS... 
Deciding what to do, need my laptop to revise, but want to sit in the garden and i can't see the screen properly 
on my way to pick up kim...without the GPS....inb4igetlost 
Splashed water on my 19-inch computer monitor &amp; ruined it.  Just ordered a 23-inch replacement.  It was time for an upgrade.
@SeviDesigns  dead battery
My netbook just died, left the charger at home. I can't explain how much this sucks right now. 
i love my screen saver 
My wallet has gone missing 
@a_dorkable my headphones r in my locker. 
Slowly coming to the realisation that my ipod battery will not last the day 
battery pack dead 
brought my ipod today, but its worthless.... no charger...  epic fail  
@karlbibby I bet the train Wifi is better than my home connection 
another keyboard slapping drone / closing tickets / answering phones / damn i wish i had a place to call home 
@thebootlegger My laptop adapter died or else i would be outside to 
dell 1525 laptop audio sucks through headphones... weird hissing noise. I can't believe this crap goes unfixed  I will not buy anotherdell
arrived in compiegne. it IS ulu. wifi is difficult to get.. so....  an azerty keyboard is not easy to use. im staring @ e keyboard
@IanMcNaughton cool i just wish my server could use them  im on a  dual socket 940
ah, i just woke up by my mobile's ringtone. f**kin my mobile, it can't display some Swedish alphabets!! have to email him from my laptop 
@mrs_unreal get down here! im back inside now as the laptop battery was low lol 
my laptop keys arent working  so i have to use toms until i can get it fixed 
The living rooom is boiling, and that means my laptop will overheat :O 
the inverter in my laptop just died  nbw i have to wait for one or hook it up to a monitor #fb
Why doesn't my GPS work? 
@misshelen20 I've been forced back inside, not by the sun, but by my laptop's truly pathetic battery life 
I wish i had my laptop with me.. I really need to check my facebook 
Approaching low battery. 
I am surrounded by good luck apparently...my desktop's sound card just died I think 
My laptop is dead again 
i miss my laptop 
i miss my laptop 
trying not to move my laptop very much 'cause my charger is baarroke again. anyone have an extra hp charger? mine is decapitated.. 
i hate not being able to tweet whenever i want to! i really need to get my laptop fixed! 
is electronically cursed: camera's toast, so's my laptop battery, who's next?  quivering in dread.
@AndrewThomas89   has the ms press conf finished now my laptop crashed and the streames are not working
On ma laptop and very very bored! 
lost my headphones 
keyboard cat is dead  i never knew that
is trying to fix her laptop but cant be botherd - needs some company 
It's offical I don't have a laptop anymore! 
i need a new laptop...helpppp. 
I don't want to look in my wallet now because i know it will be empty 
is giving up &amp; going to bed - all my electronics are freezing (computr/phone/ipod) its like technology is conspiring against me!!! 
My stupid #projectgargoyle wireless headphones dont work while charging ruining my solar shoulderpad plan 
ugh. waiting for dinner. i wish my laptop worked so i didn't have to sit in the basement 
1 of my ipods headphone earpieces just broke  now only left 1 works  damnit
I lost my notebook at the library I guess :// aww the notebook tells I am sick I hope no one hasn't read them. 
couldn't get music to play over my bluetooth headphones on my way home.  why is this so speratic?
but of course. after battery out, i accidentally unplugged laptop. &amp; firefox couldn't remember all the windows/tabs i had open.   
Just got sour cream on my laptop 
Looow battery 
My phones out of battery 
my ac adapter for my computer is broken  it cant charge anyone have an extra?
@LocalLemons I'm a little shocked too... the big hotels are still charging for WiFi but the little ones offer for free.  
god damn just must an EPIc scratch through my laptop 
i am trying to get my stupid ink to work for my printer!!! 
cannot connect to her printer 
My laptop crashed 
@scrubclub unfortunately, it's a laptop, so not many options except an entire new laptop. I'll just bear it until the album is done 
Just threw my old lappy into a giant bin full of dead computers one of the saddest moments of my life 
I forgot my laptop with my beau.  text only now
@MoocherGirl oh no   When will you get your laptop?
trying to identify the problem of my notebook's battery.. 
@stylesmith omigosh, that same thing is happening to my laptop - battery doesn't work and now the power cord needs replacing too 
Getting mad...I can't get my laptop to play dvds...I dunno what happened 
Looks like my laptop and I are fighting... I took 3 restarts for the keyboard to work 
@peteforde I had a bug inside an old PowerBook backlight. It died right in there 
The notebook always makes me cry  smh
There's a stupid scratch on my laptop. I want it to disappear 
My laptop isn't working 
just realize that there's no speaker hooked to my desktop! i miss my laptop 
My sister's so much into this akkara kazhchagal thingy.. she has the laptop conctd to the big screen and surround sound  at 1 in the nite!
just extracted my hdd and cleaned it from coffee...i hope i could get access to my data  #wannagobacktobed
I really don't understand why my ipod touch won't charge with my wall charger...its really upsetting 
Laptop got unplugged last night, not charged  How can I cuddle up on the couch with it now? :::sitting at breakfast bar grumble:::
1 thing I hate about touchscreen phones - screens are fingerprint &amp; facial grease magnets - I hate dirty screens!! 
key between a and d on my laptop in't working dammit... 
rebooted after laptop crash 
got my laptop back. have to install all applications again 
tried to play the wii. the batteries died on me 
still can't print from my laptop due to the inefficient IT &quot;support&quot; we have, it's only been a month... 
handphone running out off battery and  i didnt realise it.he must think im avoiding him.sigh.. 
@mzgunn I need a camcorder, there's a script I have that hasn't been filmed...been sitting on my laptop for the past 3yrs 
my keyboard is dying 
@BeckyKingston ah! this dongle is too slow 
@bufffiiieee no, not on laptops 
@chisholmas I actually have a mini but I needed the big one today  I should just get a proper laptop bag.
laptop has just died 
I miss my laptop 
Another good @londonhackspace. Wifi sucked tho, usually motivation for the nerd in me to socialise but I actually had a lot of work to do 
My MacBook won't pick up my wifi anymore  bad times.
FAIL! have to send my projector in to get fixed 
not only am i unable to add by myself... apparently i can't even add with a calculator 
I really wish I had a functioning laptop right now 
what a great start to my vacation, i broke my laptop 
@TweetaMe seems my modem has bit the dust! 
Is disappointed that his new laptop won't fit in his new laptop case 
Updating my GPS with nu maps 4 da first time ... been workin on it for a good 3 hours ... gotta be a betta way 
@joshbuckner ah ok.  I need to get my life together,just moved and don't have a laptop/desktop 
@MzFuller8 mine's qwerty but its compact qwerty so it's definitely easier then a regular phone but not as easy as if it was one per key 
Watching the notebook 
@Philliybillz i want to skype...i dont have a webcam though  time for a new laptop..
My laptop is aging 
ffffffffffffff. i think i am now computerless. -think +pretty damn sure. 
I am so pissed  that my broadband connection won't hook up to my laptop tonight. It worked 2 days ago but not tonight 
I feel like I've abandoned my laptop. Aw. 
i can't open facebook on my notebook  how can it was being weird like that? does it something wrong with my notebook or the site??
@kaitlo i have a crease on my stereo bracelet 
using ghetto ass dell laptop to figure out vpn settings so i can get access to their internet; but the guy who has the passwords left 
NO!! I ran out of ink for my printer. 
battery is dying. 
my headphones broke 
@davymacca I know, it does hammer the battery. are you good on it? I thought that I was, but I haven't finished drylands yet 
found phone...now i need a new battery...when is verizon getting the I phone 
my laptop knows.... 
@tregster so that when my laptop runs out of battery i cant go back on it 
is positive that wireless usb modems are the worst form of connection in the world.....I hate optus 
my laptop is dyyying and i can't find the chargerr 
Laptop looks like its handing in retirement papers soon 
having a very bad day.... no keys for office, no laptop, awaiting return of blackberry so struggling along  with limited technology 
My headphones just broke! 
is kinda sitting outside with my laptop now all i need is shade so i dont waste my laptop 
Rscvote.com uses flash, no mobile voting  #epicfail #rsc2009
Laptop dood, videocard fried itself 
i wish they would invest a dang cloning device already, so i can send in my clone to work and stay in bed 
says my laptop is not accepting the limewire i've downloaded..  http://plurk.com/p/y5dgg
Just broke my keyboard 
It's very difficult to find a way to buy an acer netbook 
aliyan (anoop) chethifysing on new laptop make me go vibgyor with envy 
actually tweeting with envy on his own laptop 
*sigh* I finally have my laptop. But i have absolutely nothing to do  This is awful.
@alisabetita nope  cause they said it wont work in my laptop.but i can play it in our PC but the monitors broken ( i wanna play already!
i dont' have photoshop on my laptop.  :| it sucks
And my modem cut out again.  I can't even get the page for the modem to stay up on the screen. This is too weird!
I really have to check out whats wrong with this laptop's ram, juggling two cs3 applications killing the poor baby 
my batteries won't charge 
my laptop speakers dont work  WHY?! (
@puggylicious I really want to but my scanner is broken  I'll try to scan it elsewhere and put it up.
really really wishes hospital allowed laptop 
ew, i just noticed how low my phones battery was. 
My smart card that stores my password requires a password... I some how don't get the point 
the only thing i hate about doing work on a notebook/netbook is using the trackpad. i blame myself for being too lazy to pack a mouse 
dizzy my laptop is acting up the screen keeps on going dark hope it is not broken 
My laptop is being a douchebag  i'm pumped for todayy though! yearbooks.
emma @emmeration turned in her laptop = no emails 
@benklein I &lt;3 my stylus and miss him everyday - trying to relearn the scroll wheel is tough 
Hopefully my laptops power cord is shot, or else something is screwed. 
Laptop was acting funny during customer workshop - now on reboot I've got a scandisk reporting tons of errors - bad sign 
@griffintech lol. i really need it. mines is not the MESSIEST desk but i've broken like 3 ipod docks already. 
tryin to download a movie to watch but my laptop keeps breakin down. i want a mac. 
I... just might've killed the laptop... woops... 
nooo only one  bar of battery left 
should i just get a cheapo laptop to keeo my through the summer? im about to die at my moms without one. no computer only ipod touch 
My headphones broke. 
Today, my older son spilled coke on my keyboard and fried it. No $ for another split one &amp; I really strongly dislike the backup keyboard. 
sad that I didn't bring my charger and my laptop battery is almost gone. No more logic puzzles until I get home from work 
somehow while trying to work sound on desktop, sound on laptop got warped. now both do not want to work..... i am not having a good day 
Oh good, I broke my router. 
tablet battery is shot.... 100% charge == 5 minutes of use... 
Finally bought a new charger for my laptop, it took all day to find and ended up costing $135. No shopping for awhile 
I think I need more memory in my laptop   http://twitpic.com/6q1ae
@finn_ftw ikr  aim randomly stopped working on my desktop, will hook up my laptop to ethernet soon tho!! how is yr ankle btw?
Not to be confused with PDA  
isn't really making flash cards but actually is watching torchwood 
@iFel I can't now, my mom stole my laptop. 
needs a new laptop. 
I am sick of batteries running down 
@KSDoctor I'm going to bed now- I found myself on my laptop when I got home  watched Mythbusters about singing to shatter glass.
Using wired keyboard, batteries run out 
My new laptop has a glossy finish. Which means its a magnet for finger prints! 
@WiRuS I have no laptop at all 
@TheInsaneNinja it depends on the touchpad for me. my current one is pretty nice to use (with gestures installed) but it's wearing away. 
just saw blue screen of death on my laptop! *ouch*! now where's my unattended installation disk for xp? 
Hey you all....my phones gonna be dead ....until Adrian takeover decides to give me my charger back. @awhowell get it back dammit. 
I am very annoyed, i cant fix the stupid laptop so all my files are done for. 
leaving my laptop to make/learn my german.. i'll miss you 
Wifi at home fails so hard. 
akh,low battery 
Actually no 'LOL' cus its not funny! I haaaate my laptop, it just abuses me 
10% battery power. iPhone battery sucks big time 
My laptop keeps freezing up. 
@janellie_poo charlie has parvo and dell cancelled my laptop because they were taking too long to make it.  stupid!
DAMMIT, right side of the earphones not working anymore 
@butadream :s No. I turn on my lappy as usual, but the screen has no display. That's all. 
At dad's...stupid internet went connect on the laptop so I have to be downstairs. 
woes me... I needs me my laptop 
Our beloved toaster oven still toasts, but it no longer ovens.  
damnit my cellphone charger is broken  fuckfuckfuck
@ktdv1  can't upgrade a laptop graphics card 
@rad6380 I don't have the right graphics card in my laptop  
@cliffrowley their cloaking devices fail 
My playstations broken 
#bloodymarytime will not be televised. WiFi is too weak in the cave. 
To much to ask to have a vmware bridge coexist with a wifi-to-ethernet bridge on my PC? I just can't figure out how to make it work 
awe my laptop died  yay for blackberrys! 
Wifi not reaching back porch 
At the cafe without my laptop or my bag :S I feel I'm lost  can't survive without my stuff 
really need my laptop to work 
Competing for couch-space with my wife. She has the bigger laptop 
the adapter for my laptop is ofiicially fucked. im going to need to get a new one, to the tune of $150. wooh! more things i cant afford 
is worried as her laptop has gone all funny all of a sudden! 
@leddy2286 FinalFantasy is still downloading  suppose it doesn't help it  downloading with WiFi :\
@jennytablina are you using a laptop or just an external laptop-style keyboard? do you want suggestions for good keyboards maybe 
@lovelindaxo i think she's still in rome and doesn't have her laptop, only the iphone w/the dying battery... 
@milkandmolasses I was an addict to Sims 2 but i stopped due to my Laptop constant fail  - How is 3 ?
omg i wish i could listen to music but the laptop is going to die soon. 
is pissed that i lost my wallet!!! 
just noticed that the batteries i put into the keyboard just hours ago seems to be bad, since the symptoms of &quot;lack of battery&quot; is back, 
lazy day. trying to figure out how to buy a new laptop =/ i'm starting to feel empty inside without my mac 
still not getting any device updates 
the laptop died 
@sky14kemea a slot machine on my itouch........ I'm so sad 
The beamer is dead. 
was going to buy a 360 headset, but now it looks as though she'll have to break down and buy a 360 hard drive instead. 
Wifi not working in counselors lounge. 
I had my whole weekend scheduled around playing the sims 3 but since my laptop has been reduced to a paper weight i'll have to play xbox 
@lauren_hot_rod has a sloww laptop and the c does not work 
@ErkaJohns24 I haven't been able to play it as much as I wanted.. It's super slow on my laptop 
Laptop won't turn on- why is everything going wrongg 
My laptop is still broken 
@audreyybee i'm sorry about your little brother nd your laptop 
...my laptop is actually right next to me but im too lazy to turn it on 
another day here, no connection! I miss my laptop 
i miss my laptop 
i've been a bad clicker. 
my laptop is acting up and the door just creaked.... twice. ummmm... 
my laptop screen died.  crap.  this could be a problem...  
saving battery for the trip, can't believe that i lost a digicam 
@juhariis Does camera have an option to reset to factory config? Might be worth trying. If a hardware issue, not good. 
i miss my laptop!  i left it home tonite..
The 8900's keyboard is too loud. 
@anubha007 that trick doesn't work on my lappy  ....
is badtrip cos my laptop's still sick  http://plurk.com/p/z1acl
@lyssiloo my graphics card isn't good enough 
Wifi at stars still tmobile 
I broke the laptop and I can't go tommorrow, wow tommorrow's going to be a good day ecspeacially when they find out about the laptop 
trying to free up space on lappie and external 
Even the keyboard is much nippier unjailbroken! am missing top row of numbers though 
and i find it interesting i can't hear any of them. either my handsfree is borked on silent or they ALL are not talking to me 
goodbye to 1120 songs in my laptop.. so sad so true  
my laptops operating system was corrupted!!! im using my cousins... 
Trying to get the laptop to work 
has an expiring battery. 
I am so sorry Twitters.  I feel asleep with the laptop in the bed.  I didn't get my breakfast.    I got rest.
Laptop broke down causing a big pain In the ass wtf  SOS
I think my laptop just died........................  .................... 
says I need a new monitor. I only see black and white.  (or maybe a new laptop?) http://plurk.com/p/z3x93
i think my laptops been whiped 
@postitnote I out of battery 
is pissed because her new notebook has a shitty screen resolution 
will most likey send her new notebook back and get another one 
where's my wallet? 
using laptop, can't use my desktop, it won't start i think it's broken need to reformat -.- 
I just found out my printer ink went up to $21.98 a cartridge! take that x 6...ouch! 
Just discovered my primary system's hardware won't let me have my speakers plugged into the back AND use headphones at the same time.  
Sims 3 runs incredibly slowly on my laptop   something about an unsuported video card. :/
My laptop's power cable is broken  I'm SO bummed. I won't be  online for a while guys...
my mousepad on laptop cant be used! I resorted to using a physical mouse attached via the usb port. Does anyone knows whats happening!? 
@adog41494 same! But i cant  my laptop aint good enough 
@ShellyKramer Trying to work on a book. Failing miserably as the kitty seems to want to make her butt one with the laptop 
My laptop battery is dying - from 100% to 37% in 20 minutes 
wow my laptop just did a unexpeded shutdown  oopps
my laptops making a funny weird noise also 
first the charger and now the internal speakers, my laptop add-ons are dying and inevitably killing me  very sad right now  
@danscottbrown yeah i've gone through 4 pairs of ipod headphones this year 
@LovelyLollyB it will defo crash laptops, Thats the problem my laptop just cant hack it 
Ugh, I really want a new laptop! 
@screwdriver yeah it was a clean install of windows  i got a new motherboard thinking that was the problem to start with.
I broke my earphones. 
@BillyScallywag I don't have that track on my laptop...hmmm very strange 
My eyes hurt from being in such a close proximity to my laptop screen. 
 I wish they had mentioned having to wipe all the files off. I had made peace w/ them being gone until I heard they fixed the laptop.
I think I need to buy a new lap top..  It's acting like an obese.  I fed it too many files and now it's getting slow and about to die.. 
my laptop is far too hot 
goddammit, my laptop broke, i can't close it. 
@Roisinluvshorse noooo if your battery dies then we cant talk 
arghh laptops being so slow 
Still going through the recovery process on my laptop..... 
just went skiing. but is pissed because her phone is dead and her battery charger is in cambridge 
@GainerSoCal I know, right now it thinks the headphones are plugged in 
sadly i am returning the #palmpre - hate the keyboard and no hotsyncing available  - 2 major huge drawbacks for me 
@mutabilis ahhh it's too late now, she'll be here soon. stupid me   I should have known.  And I do beleive you left your stereo here.
My batteries in my mouse died again. 
My headphones broke 
@AshB1013 imeem?? The flash player on the G1 doesn't allow me to listen to your playlist 
using xbox cntrllr 4 keyboard. i think buddy 8 the keyboard dongle...  
Running low on battery 
@BiddyMcBidson  for your wallet. #GoLakers
Playing with my routers, looks like I might have lost a T1 card in the 1760V. 
@ohmanamanda I just looked at the system requirements for it and my shitty laptop doesnt meet em 
I miss my laptop    
Ugh.  i think the video card in my laptop is dying. 
forgot my laptop's power cord at the IGVC site 
Is depressed he didn't find the charger first 
My phones dying and I left my charger at sarishans. 
low battery  going bowling haha
ow i just punched the laptop on my way to the loo 
@Imaged how do you clean blood, etc from inside laptop mouse pad/buttons? my friend needs help... 
i hate my laptop. it runs so sloowww 
i want a new laptop D: the new 13inch or 15inch macbookpro please 
Where are my headphones? 
says I can't connect to our campus's WiFi.  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/1104n6
Still haven't found the right laptop bag for me  any sites with cool fun designs?
does not want to leave his new laptop and go to general studies 
my router died 
I left my wallet and it left me hunger.. 
i desperately need new earphones. 
Transferring all of my files onto my new laptop with a 4gb flash drive  taking foreeeeeeeeeeever.
@palm issue with pre, when battery is fully discharge it gets stuck on low battery screen for hours or until battery reset 
muahahaha got microsoft office package! now i can actually use my laptop without it locking! harry potter is getting more depressing 
My scrollwheel is malfunctioning  Never knew how much i use it.
Laptop is knackered, struggling to get it back online 
Yeay, my laptop works, but my internet is whacked. 
* my keyboard is acting funny. now i have to type everything in notepad and copy/paste 
And I hate it I'm running out of battery! 
The f$@#$ GPS receiver doesn't lock with more than 3 satellites indoors!  
My laptop battery is heaps low 
dang. new battery stopped working. 
I think my laptop is broken again... I'm going to scream 
#iforum - currently peeved that I have to pay for wireless in the hotel :x - this didn't happen at pubforum 
@thedragonsroost I do. I have the laptop within arms reach just about all the time when at home. I have to lower the screen to see the TV 
Just started the time consuming process of sending files from my non-apple phone to my macbook 
my lappy just beeped, but I've got so many programs that alert me by beeps I don't know which one it was.    #confused
my laptop charger is missing a leg!lol 
 i think i've killed my laptop
My laptop hates me 
My faithful and trusty laptop in vegetable state. 
I just fucking ran over my super cool bb headphones while on the rowing machine and now they don't work! I liked these headphones too 
@maxreemer i know how u feel. the wireless on my laptop keeps takin 4 month gaps of holiday lol now i ave 2 use the computer downstairs  x
@PenVsIdiot Gone a bit stale now, mind. Can you help me sort out RAM tonight? Laptop is so crippled now, just typing this is taking ages 
@danconia02  let me know if you need a laptop repair
Wtf did i do with my headphones? 
My left speaker is knackered  don't want to listen to stuff through my macbook speakers!
I love waking up working on some homework, then realizing your girlfriend stole your power cord for the day. Laptop = dead. Hmwk not done 
i miss my earphones 
@TrenchKato i nooooo  but im not getting in... thats y i got my laptop and food
Anyone know why I can't pair my g1 phone with my g4 laptop using bluetooth after the cupcake update?? It sez &quot;no configurable services&quot; 
@samovarious I think my laptop has died 
 i broke my laptop's screen by accident there's now a big purple line going diagonaly across my screen 
@trickyshirls I'm tweeting from a laptop with windows vista, but not technically minded enought to help out I'm afraid 
battery is low. not good at all i should've brought my charger with me 
@cursedbyevil o  stupid battery
i forgot my laptop cable  so i can't work tonight boo 
I think my printer is broken. 
my laptop charger is officially broken 
Laptop hijacked by daughter, I'm experiencing tweet withdrawl symptoms 
wondering how to fix his laptops loos of sound 
client just cancelled project. no new lappy for me 
Anyone coming to #icann #sydney with a canon charger let me know  - can't charge either battery 
dear verizon wireless. thanks for your dependability and quality phones. not. 
bummerrrrrr...david's video for touch my hand is number 21 well that was fast. ohh and theres thunder &amp; I dont wanna unplug my laptop! 
My battery is low on my laptop 
me and my camera and its batteries and battery charger are all in a fight...  i cant figure out whats wrong with them.
My toothbrush died because my charger fried 
I'm running out of battery! 
I think I need a new hard drive for my laptop... 
I want to check my myspace but my dad has my laptop 
I think my laptop just crashed..I don't need another expenses 
i left my bag in the snack shack. I wont survive tomorrow with out my lipgloss, iphone charger and wallet 
picnik isnt loading too well, neither is the laptop 
So sad not having a laptop 
sigh! i wan my harddisk 
I think I broke another laptop power chord.  That shit's $80.
Contemplating whether i should bring my lappie out 
i miss my laptop 
needs a new laptop charger  mines totally screwed!
@kalena1995 awwww  i sowwie. and it hurts from texting so much with my full keyboard.
@saifuddin_s I wish I could. Ubuntu detected and installed drivers for all the components. But the laptop is for my sister in law. 
wondering if I should buy an ipod touch or save for a new laptop. I want a mac, but then again not. It looks confusing 
laptop shut down. i hope i don't have a virus or something 
@PreThinking arg! my laptop doesn't have bluetooth! I'll have to wait for a wired tethering solution 
i need a desk. the thing i usually put my laptop on is broke. 
@dnieces I'm cooling the laptop now. Where did you put my FireWire? I wanted to back up but it's probably too late now. 
i lost mah wallet 
never ever ever ever ever get a modem/router combo....it is destroying my life 
I think my wireless mouse is going flat... it keeps on stuttering. 
and things are getting even better as my keyboard batteries are about to die anytime now 
Freinds dog chewed through my laptops power cord  #cry @tlgame
my stupid router is playing up again!!! 
@jimmycarr Sounds fun, compared to my &quot;Configure Laptops for users&quot; 
I need a laptop I'm thinking I should sale my ps3 LOL since I never play it maybe I'm too old  is 25 old guys ..
ok..... I really need a keyboard..... the touchscreen of my ipac doesn't like me 
Needs to get her laptop charger..im over here, and its over there 
@MoVaWi Laptop's dead, can't afford repairs. 
just knocked my power lead out and didnt have my battery in my laptop 
@CourtneyCummz  my GPS says I am no where close 
bummed that I lost the foam that covers my earphones 
The file is corrupted! I cant open it  i hate it when the virus is on my laptop! :-C
@phpcodemonkey was goin 2 move the table into the sun but then realised my laptop charger wont reach that far 
lost the charger and spare battery to my nikon camera  why is a new charger so fuc*ing expensive?!?
can't figure out what device driver she's missing to be able to play, too! 
@tissuerose Is it safe? I'm scared my lappie got virus 
I forgot my wallet.    I just hope i don't get pulled over.
without notebook! had to turn it in to gravis, will probably take a week to repair (logicboard) ...hopefully covered with warranty 
Today is going to have to be the day I recover data from my laptop, dead after a power surge in Rissani, thought it was just the charger 
bought a new headphones, seems they are not working that well 
Is tired of typing mammograms. 
I just dropped my laptop. The cd drive is making weird noises... 
http://twitpic.com/7jtb5 - my macbooks band-aid 
maintaining my wallet and i wish i had a new one.. actually i want purse,not wallet! 
Desperately need a new laptop 
eating yesterday's Pad Thai and trying to fix my old ass Laptop...  
i cant find my headset. 
@stephenfry It's the GPS that concerns me - it's not so hot on the N95... 
Too eager to type and too hungry not to nibble and have now got cheese embedded in my keyboard. 
My laptop is being gayyy. I have to use the desktop. 
@JessieJaide i dont have that on my laptop  if you have it on cd take it to dance and i will make it for you
i miss my laptop workingg  
..havin tech difficulties w/the laptop 
i really want @thesims3  my computers still too small and i don't think i'll be getting a laptop at least before we go on holiday :'(
my laptop died. I'm pissed. I'm sorry but I won't be able to update fanfiction until I get it fixed. Hopefully it doesn't take too long. 
my laptop is being a tard tonight! 
Laptop ok but wireless base station is fried 
@MysticFearie  i would to but i have a sprint aircard so i don't lose it unless i lose cell signal
I forgot my laptop at work!!  http://yfrog.com/0wupbj
my laptop is already screwing with me.  
@unixfudotnet it's a device feature from what I have read 
@KKDur I hear that GPS devices are a big come-on for thieves... I'm so sorry--  #hhrs
I need a laptop. 
My battery died and I don't have extra 
Hey @alyankovic you're laughing just bew out my laptop speaker.   (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
Getting new laptop setup, now all I need is admin rights to install the rest of my software 
My laptop is gone 
I think my router died 
Attempting to get magic workstation to work on my laptop 
Alarm clock is not connecting to WiFi any more 
i tried pressing the  button it wont let me follow @headphones4two
i hate my laptop, cant install the sims 3 
I think I want to start putting my meetup nametags on my laptop, but my #heraldtweetup tag is all non-sticky now 
@jarais I totally tried to call you it went straight to voicemail. I assume wherever it is its battery has run out. 
just tore one of the speakers off my ipod headphones  got caught in my desk drawer! no music for me!
@alittletrendy sad  where's your laptop?!
Needs a new laptop 
So I have managed to get my laptop semi-running. 
trying to fix my laptop 
@peglegtricky i've only used 2 flip phones. slides are ok, and i'm liking the touchscreen. but ugh too many fingerprints on the screen 
i really want the xbox 360 wireless racing wheel soooo bad, but i don't have any good place to mount it in my room 
my battery is going to die 
R.I.P. my beloved deep bass headphones  I'm at the mercy of my laptop speakers for the time being.
is sad that her router isn't working so her laptop doesn't hook up to the internet right now 
scare about ma laptop 
internets not workin on thee laptop 
bored at expo  no laptop, i dun own a bb, and i cant read my book. 2more hours.. - http://tweet.sg
@elysearchie legit indeed except for no landscape keyboard. 
curse my ipod, running out of power when my laptop is m.i.a. i have to use my phone with its broken headphone. I'm retro but monophone is 
I hate it when I forget the password on my broadband router. 
the new laptop is spoilt! 
My headphones just half-died on me 
Is home and is very sorry it took her so long to update. She fell asleep then couldn't figure out how to work her father's laptop. 
@paulmwatson i figured as much! i'll see how geeky i am later when i have to wipe my laptop and start again 
@LOSERPOOSER i have a new laptop too! my battery is crap as well though 
how sad is losing laptop's adaptor? 
too busy...radios going down - booo 
i so sleepy that i placed my printer beside my laptop. my head hurts 
I see some data written on a notepad, and saved on my desktop. But I have no clue what it is 
my headphones are hurting me 
My earphones have just fallen apart 
@carrotmadman6 My keyboard doesn't have those too  They're rarely present on wireless keyboards :/
Grrrr. Laptop just crashed lost 20mins of work...... 
@chrisjohn9 The charger is almost broken, and the battery is starting to fail 
I left my laptop charger in the office.  It's okay, sleeping very early tonight! 
clearing my laptop out cause its ran outta memory, it pains to me to put all my nice wee photos on DVDs 
laptop; i miss you dearly. 
i want that punchdrunk panda laptop bag 
damn it, spilted noodle juice all over my laptop and now it smells of nooodleeees!! 
is really annoyed: his new laptop battery isn't useful anymore... I have now a laptop that needs to be plugged all the time 
@liocer looks awesome. But no horizontal keyboard 
@dancewithothers the white thingy that clips it to the laptop has snapped so i can't put it back on  will leave it for now tho
in physics on annoying laptop 
Ugh, laptop's in the shop for repair and the pc keeps locking down the internet conncention 
@shustonphotos My son dropped my laptop ..the desk top is sooo slow for editing my pics  Laptop fixed for my b-day present I hope. I need
My laptop is broken.... no internet for me for a while! 
searching for a new wireless network adapter 
my mum upgraded our internet speed but why does it seemed even slower now ( is it just my kene-buang-kat-tong-sampah-free-laptop? 
does not know where her phone charger is  and typing is v hard with puppy on your lap
@Rhiarti I fell asleep before the laptop did 
still no student finance letter, still no internet on my laptop and applying for my visa failed 
got chocolate on my laptop 
WiFi at #occ is teh suck.  #osbridge
@Abqmalo505 @Macbehr thanks for the heads up. I should have brought the laptop with me 
My 3 yr old just poured a whole bottle of bubbles on my laptop  so much for having 2 computers.
dead laptop charger 
WTF! I can buy a refrubish ipod touch only with credit card 
My laptop isn't working properly  mend damnit!
My ma is on the laptop!!! 
@tonykenobi i was in keyboard short cuts but can't find it 
Why do I, an good iPod touch user, have to pay for firmware 3.0 it's not fair 
@111adam @scraigen @charliestyr my laptop's broken so I can't update  and the part I need to fix my laptop has been impounded at customs!
sad face  itunes download crashed my laptop this am
Why does my wireless drop off every time I turn my laptop upside down?? 
Just sent my iphone back, battery life of only 5 hours with not much usage! 
My laptop keep shutting down randomly. I need a new one 
battery is low_20%_#iphone 3g is a realy battery killer 
Dads tournament spreadsheet done... Too long at the laptop today 
, so is low battery 
Is it possible to run a full colour managed system on a linux laptop 
@XemVanAdams  I guess its good though since I doint have my laptop
My battery goes fast!! 
Laptop keeps messing up  night babes.  x
@penz87 the battery gave up the ghost or some. It won't come on. 
That sucks... power went out and battery back up did not kick in  ... how's the costco battery backup?
Maybe I do need a GPS when I drive 
My laptop is broken    back to using the family desk top..booooooo
@lozzy my battery died too. need to buy a new one before glasto 
i want a pink apple laptop 
UGH my phones dying  and i dont have my ipod to fall asleep to and no harger 
@henkis: I'm on my laptop, kinda hard to play using this 
@tidesandclouds my sisters puppy chewed through my charger so it's not gonna work until i get a new charger   
laptop fell off the couch and now the power cord and battery don't seem to be communicating.  
I somehow cracked the screen on my laptop that I bought in feb and I cant use it nemore 
Going for a quick run. I desperately need to update my ipod, but since my laptop crashed I've lost all of my saved songs. 
having bad technology day - blue screen of death on my notebook 
@LNWTink even tho I dropped it before; I had my headphones wrapped around it and spiraled around falling hitting the concrete  I was sad
My laptop spazzed out 
i hate sharing sometimes. i need my powercord bc now my laptop battery is dying. my poor guy! 
My memory card's being annoying. 
The hubby doing open brain surgery on the laptop.  At least he looks good doing it. http://yfrog.com/5dqizj
watching the notebook. lol 
my macbook pro had been so freaking hot since i've been here in kingston. should've brought my notebook cooler. but i've my camera stuff. 
ugh! i hate seeing kids around my school hodling hands and other stuff... thier PDA makes me upset, missing my crush\ best guy friend  sob
Wish i had a spare set of sony ericsson headphones to leave in my bag 
the storms yesterday left us without internet or cable, had to borrow a friend's laptop to connect to my virtual playground, so sad 
just downloaded safari on my computer i dunno if i like it yet.. it's my netbook so it's kinda slow.. 
@Andyv67 It says d link on it. I'm thinking it's my laptop though cuz I have the wireless switch on &amp; still does not work. 
@SharyScott i cant. no battery 
@robcorr that's the one I used. I ran the fix, option-click to update'd, uploaded the file - but after Bluetooth pairing it failed. 
@peterfacinelli everytime i refresh you gain a follower if just keep at you will win! but my phones going to die!  i dont got my charger
Laptop is about to die. 
@ttheeran but i like button keyboards 
fell asleep on my ipod and woke up with it face down on my laptop! now its got a reeeally scratched on the screen  
Laptop get stuck with the fist screen no further advancement neither able to enter to bios 
Up super early for a doctor's appointment, will no doubt be flagging at the asos party later. Laptop still dead 
@juno_athena laptop died! but slowly resurrecting it  good thing i backed up my files. but i have to check kung naback up lahat
@Rosellyanna goood and i'm just on the laptop watching some music channels and i'm about to have a shower and then carry on with revision 
i suck with this on screen keyboard 
trying to set up the mobile device 
has 2 use the slow comp cuz laptop is broken  hopefully it will be fixed soon
My headphones broke 
The notebook! It still makes me cry 
 gud bye laptop!! damn!!my mom will confiscate my laptop on june 23!!( soo saadd!!
Things iPhone 1.3.7 wifi sync is broken 
battery is low 
@nandiaramos My old laptop almost went to the funeral parlour  It's still alive but just barely.
studying in college library today - guy next to me has headphones on &amp; they are so loud I can hear them even tho I have headphones on too 
My client gave me napkins to wipe my laptop screen /was dirty as hell 
my laptop keeps cutting out  I was enjoying listening to tearjerkers too
tumblr isnt working right in my laptop 
laptops at the machine hospital! hope it gets better! 
i am so dead. i just got my laptop fixed, and the screen isn't working. help! 
@krisstraub I had to look up mobo  *revokes own geek cred*
Damnit.....just spilled some coke on my laptop.  still working but I wonder if the keys will start sticking 
@tonyhawk I hate outdated GPS software 
can't get a wifi connection at the beach without paying, so bringing the laptop was pointless. 
I lost my laptop again. 
My internet is running like a old woman w/o her stool softners  going to power cycle modem see if that helps it.
must like vacuum my laptop its all dusty 
Gravity rapes my n95 battery!  when i get the n97, i will get a spare battery, can you replace the iphone battery?
my laptop battery is running out 
aw, my headphones just broke 
Finally home laptop is overheating. not legit 
@wide_receiver my laptop died 
@davidwindell that will seriously suck if so  web client is good, but struggles on the netbook
i think ive been on my laptop for too long  my eyes r tired and come to think of it ive been on it as much as a person couldsince i got it
My laptop is slowly dying... The plug is downstairs. 
@davidwindell you weren't kidding ... zimbra desktop client is murdering the battery 
wondering what is going on with my laptop 
@foolywang aaawww batteries all charged up &amp; nowhere 2 go ..   
Off to Woodstock city council at 7-- no WiFI there, so I can't tweet... 
i can't find my dongle 
Wifi is not free in my hotel.  
Ahh no! Does anyone have spare headphones for an ipod? I just broke mine   
I wish my laptop wasn't broken 
my printer is evil 
i really hate it when u are in the middle of writing a really long text and then your battery goes dead!!! 
fdhdfjdfhjd, i just dropped my laptop 
very very bored. laptop keeps freezing up!!  the worst part is that its my brand new laptop!!
I love how my laptop shuts itself off if it gets too hot. 
Bad APC batteries  http://mypict.me/4mUD
K loves the carwash, which makes it fun. Although the toys r us store couldn't replace my netbook. 
Ubertwitter isn't getting a GPS lock anymore..  not sure why yet.
@pandamonial the laptop's important stuff is backuped. But what about the cognac 
 I miss my laptop
ahh my earphones broke 
I think my laptop is broken 
Bluetooth headset is broken, going to have to  send them into sony 
dell really designed my laptop badly cant get rid of background noise when recording trying to find noise cancellation software 
@pantone801 it does it for me with two lots of headphones, and external speakers. seems to be a common issue. 
when the battery dies on my laptop im just going to sit in the dark and cry. 
SHIT i just cut my finger now theres blood all over my laptop 
ugh, my macbook battery wont last through my class  27 more minutes!
cant believe the pictures i have in this laptop i was so skinny!!! ..ugh 
I can't handle new keyboard  what should I do?
OS3. Still no music on bluetooth stereo headset. 
Laptop's acting up, might need to send it for servicing 
@RBotti I cant figure out how to take the battery out of the palm pre... wth.. 
batteries about to die. 
Hoping my laptop is not broken 
can't find my connector cable  #iphoneupdate
Laying in my bed and wishing his battery wasn't dead. . 
says karma down because there's no wifi in the dorm  http://plurk.com/p/122c2s
@ninjaChico i cant multitask 
ugh I messed up my laptop cause I accidentally stepped on the cord while holding it and so it fell 
gr, no card reader on my laptop and the one on my mother's computer isn't working. painting pics will have to wait till tomorrow i guess 
my laptop is now somewhere. but not here.  hopfully it will get fixed.
@stompthewalrus I lack teh internetz on muh mobile device.  
@florist  On myu 1280 x 800 laptop only half your logo &amp; contact info shows on my screen.
@KatieGoldsmith the notebook is poo. 
my laptop's with the service centre 
watching an information for proactive ...  my remote control is out of battery so i guess imma go to sleep now...
@yee_itsLYNARD I hear ya, my laptop had been dead due to a broken recharger, 
i broke my charger  !! i broke my charger !!
@slideshare having to laptops and still not loading at all on one of them. DCan only see embedded files. idn't have any support response! 
Wifi is up and down at #DS09 - probly no live blog after all 
the one night i really want to drive around &amp; listen to music/podcasts on my ipod...i left my earbuds at home. 
@paulshadwell yeah no GPS chip in it 
dang it, my fingerprint reader on my notebook appears to have stopped working 
@veeisme weak sauce. I had installed black &amp; white 2 to see how it ran on my laptop, was playing for about 5 hours. no save 
@asskickr yeah its the official headset, but i miss playing stratgey games as my laptop won't run the latest totalwar! 
Is really happy that she has her very own laptop but is really sad that her sound doesn't work 
@ndarwish I was making a tuna sandwich &amp; using my speaker phone...the mayo fell off the knife, right onto the keyboard  so sad
my laptop screen died.  so strange at work now with only 1 screen instead of 3. #fb
broken laptop  But on a happier note: mum's bringing down a spare suitcase and books for me to borrow
I really wish my laptop started working again 
battery flat, nv bring charger, gdbye. bored to dead  http://plurk.com/p/12602s
still havent got my report card yet  w8tin 4 that ipod touch
@rocsidiaz is your laptop fixed yet 
@RedTechie I need WiFi for internets 
Laptop refuses to connect to internet, on old sloow pc  and now my Docking station has just broken. no laptop, no music. think i'm dying!
having to restore his ipod again which means ive lost loads of music if my laptop also gets wiped 
updating my laptop, since i damaged my mac recently. 
Laptop finally back .... can't get the damm thing to work on dual mode.. 
Wifi not working at #openvideo 
so my GPS got stolen again!!! i had to call the cop again!! awwww what way to start off your day. this day better get better!!!!! 
@Peeeete aww  what happened your old laptop anyway? why don't you just get it fixed?
My ipods run out of battery - stuck in traffic  text me - 07595758075
@LisaMongold I do have one, but it fell out of my pocket and the screen cracked 
Laptop got a virus, kept crashing, had to restore factory settings.  I lost everything.
Something is wrong with my laptop!! 
Still waiting for my recording device to arrive... 
Fixed my moped... but can't use it just yet       (Flat battery) -_-
can't find his brand new headphones 
finally not internet deprived anymore. at the library. i miss my laptop 
   i want to find a way to put my photos on phone here i have Bluetooth in both phone and computer but it doesn't work
&lt;-- Not a network guy, but I should at least be able to get this wireless to work... 
I hate the enter key sometimes you know! anyway, i really suck at choosing cellphones.. hard to tell which one is good even with specs 
@JamieSour if digital travel clock means cellphone battery, then yes! i don't know why, but it was draining super fast today 
just got the blue screen of death on my laptop 
going to watch the notebook since i feel sorry for myself everythings blurry on my laptop cause my eyes  and theres nothin on tv :/
@laughingg86 I'm not going to sleep. I should have been asleep at 10 but I secretly talk to you lot. But I can't go on the laptop though 
installing my Laptops from the beginning.. 
@whimboo I did, but just when I was reading your message my Bluetooth mouse died 
I had my wallet stolen at the hospital. 
Why does my charger have to be broken..i think i may die 
@fizzythoughts No, for my laptop. TwitterFox only just started working now. 
Just bought a mini wireless mouse for my new laptop and tried to install it... Not succeeding. 
Ugh...tummy's not feeling good.  Laptop feels great on it, though!!!
Just dropped my laptop, bent the plug and has a crack in it 
Looking at new laptops... I miss my old one 
no access to electronic devices until monday 
@patmaine trying not to cry while watching the notebook haha 
Wow...that's how far the GPS is off right now.   http://twitpic.com/7v57y
def scared to plug my Laptop into an outlet right now... This mug just might have to die on me  lol I still &lt;3 Thunderstorms
@chicklet7 no tornado 
Wifi suck I can even vist this person . 
why does twittereana not have a keyboard? I hate tweetie 
my computer charger is dead, ugh. i need to get another one 
I have a small notebook full of chinese that I don't remember 
@snackadoodle It died from low battery, and now it won't turn on, even though it's charging. 
@tristafantastic You should send me a copy. Because I'll have no money after I buy my laptop 
watching the notebook by myself...depressing 
can't surf the net  I want to have my own laptop!
oooowwwww I just dropped my laptop on my foot 
@edial I wish I could but they turned the lights off and my laptop keyboard isn't backlit 
need a new laptop...mine's sooo old 
I really need a new laptop. 
asks Can I connect a router to another router?  http://plurk.com/p/12eigc
I think the audio chip in my laptop has died 
I think my computers battery died for good. 
sitting at the desk, installing a new graphic adapter 
Needs to go and get a new laptop but can't be bothered to move 
Laptop has changed to its default monitor which has a resolution of 1024x768. I want my 1280x800 back 
one of my earpieces on my headphones is dead 
I'm a little disappointed the 3.0 software does not contain some type of teeth whitening device 
my macbook battery suckssss!  100 and fucking 40 dollars for a new one :/
Where is my digicam charger? 
 headphones broke. Not happy
i don't think i'll b able 2 tweet 4 a while cuz i might not have access 2 a computer on vacation  but mabye i can use my sis's laptop...?
@UltimateHurl not too much money.I was saving for a new laptop  it costs 360 for a screen fix.and unjailbroken is fine.no diff really
where is my wallet  ?
@GlovesElectric my laptop's only an 08 model! it runs perfectly well, i just don't like the game itself. sadface 
fuuuck I need a new charger 
faaack I need a new charger 
I need new earphones 
Going to try and draw some doodles on my desktop, while doing normal work on the laptop, for some reason the program won't work on laptop 
Any1 know how much it typically costs to replace a laptop screen? 
On my laptop waiting in the terminal... I cried when my dad left me at the security checkpoint  LOL
My beloved laptop has got it's first scratch! And it's all my fault! 
My printer won't wrok! 
tired sending my lappy in for repairs 
Waiting for his dell laptop 
man, I wish the wifi in our house worked all the time  the apple remote app would be so useful!
@ynnoj &quot;You can also display the percentage of the battery charge (iPhone 3G S only).&quot; http://is.gd/17u0D  sorry 
laptop is working again. wow. i feel lost without the forum! 
Lightning storm last night knocked out my cable modem  I have no access to the tubes!
I need a new wireless mouse 
trying to install aarmy 3 on my laptop  deploy client is a s*
Getting off the laptop, because my annoying brother wants me too.. And sence I'm so nice, I guess I will...  ... bbl.
My Roomba does not clean under the sofa.      -Simply replace with a taller set of sofa legs to add height.
my 3g s has a defective battery 
I'm awol and my laptop was just confiscated 
@InternationalEA nope haven't got to my laptop yet sowwy 
My iPhone is broken, The home button and the connection plug both are broken and it seems that the screen stopped working 
completely forgot to bid on a netgear wireless ethernet bridge on ebay. I really wanted it too 
R.I.P. my headphones 
Also think I may need a new ipod. Finally got a charger that also plugs into the computer and only have 2.98gb left. 
Almost finish w/ the hairdresser but my battery on my bb is dying 
My sister got a laptop and no longer finds me entertaining 
@Donniesbabe the battery ran down so I put it in my bag, put battery on charge and camera won't do anything now! I can't afford a new one 
bored,wanting to burn some games but i dont have a laptop to do it 
laptop battery has almost ran out 
Still sorting out the laptop after the restore to factory 
Ugh my stupid laptop is frickin broken...I am sooo not impressed! 
I need a new laptop 
@grahamguy don't think so. But wifi hub won't let us change any settings even though we know the bloody password! 
@valberg1 haha not even a little and i hope your joking! a cat cant have a laptop when i dont  lol
#garboffman   my keyboard is messed up i cant find that hash  had to cpy n pastee
I'm on my laptop. 
I wish i had a matte laptop screen. I am sitting at a coffee shop and have a window behind me with sun coming in. cant see shit. 
Laptop = broken.  pk is going to blow a fuse.
@hshouston Listen, I'm still getting used to this keyboard, damn it. I'm used to being able to feel what keys I'm typing. Also fat thumbs 
@HailtoTheKing idk if i can handle the touchscreen keyboard  any other suggestions? i am looking for a 3g though
Watching old TV shows and making mix CDs since there's no ipod plug-in in my car 
@daveknox awesome-  corporate housing took away my modem and gave me an air card for the summer..  = no xbox live. 
@joeking_ Never going to laugh at you for not bringing the power cord anymore... uni computers suck 
selin has a nice keyboard, a pretty moniter, gorgeous internet and so much more. why isn't she addicted to the comp like I am? 
@mariiannalove ahah , i can't :/ lol cuz my pc is outside -.-' i can't bring it in my room :/ laptop is with my mom 
My laptop is worn out  the button on the track pad has almost completely ceased to work. I had to enable the 'tap' as my primary click
Here .. 11:47pm .. Bored to death ! Laptop battery soon be dead .. 
I hate wireless mouses. I always end up losing the mouse. 
@magicconch aww you lost your wallet 
Now that I am awake from my mid-evening nap :/ I'm editing pictures only to find out that my speakers for my laptop appear to be broken 
pissed by the printer! ughh.. can't print my hws! 
@poruri it failed again!! nvidia graphics card was the culprit!! 
@meanshots22 i don't know how.  an i'm using my dad's laptop so i'm not allowed to upload it. sorry! but i'll try to. :| from my fone.
what's wrong with my modem??!! the connection is on and off.. 
I can't find the charger for my laptop. 
My battery is dying 
Your cameras and your amazing words, hanging out with you during dismissal and bringing you to your car and carrying your laptop for you. 
I miss my headphones so bad 
cannot find my wallet 
My battery in the notebook is about to die 
@SingmySorrow i did  i'll bring my laptop to work and burn it while im waiting lol
I need a new graphics card so bad. 
i have not been a good stalker lately, i blame my wak laptop 
im setting up my laptop again!  worse than the first set up  
broke my laptop screen , so now i'm using a monitor connected to it . defeats the object of a laptop , being stuck in one place 
PS to wallpaper - I want bigger monitor... sad I am likely to sell desktop and end up with notebook only soon 
My pc at home is ancient, my laptop cord is broke, spilled coffee on my iphone and now its dead . I'm in the stoneage at home 
My laptop over heated (its old) and i cant sleep. 
Finished taking the washing off the line, but realised i forgot to bring my wireless internet usb, so now i've got the cord 
Desperately need a new laptop... 
yay new laptop is working  boo phone screen is wonky 
just spilt beer on my laptop 
OFF now .low battery. 
@merrycricket Did someone turn in a laptop bag at #pco09? @audiocollective lost his. 
is not loving anything about life right now; broken laptop, stolen phone, terrible  cramps &amp; i really miss my best friend. 
Massively cracked vaio screen  Is it viable to get it replaced, or am I realistically looking at new machine?
I want my laptop back!!! I hope I don't loose all my files! 
that last tweet was a babble! got the sims 3 but i can't play it cos i don't have my laptop 
@khani Awww, what's wrong with your laptop? 
grr, laptop has been taken off of me 
1.) my mom listens to crappy music. it's giving me a headache. i wish i had my ipod charger 
lost the laptop charger 
Gubbed earphones, can only hear through one of them 
Bad news it, they just announced the oversold the flight.  thanks god for free WIFI.
I want a breakfast burrito, but I'm not getting one  I woke up with a headache and i know it wont go away. I HATE Laptops
@kmbuck ahh that sucks! sorry about your wallet  you little dweeter you haha
started the restore on my old laptop... its sad.. it was such a good laptop.. 
@amandacarto http://twitpic.com/848iy - I seriously looked at the laptop first 
i cant believe i broke my laptop  hopefully its fixable!
Utterly lost without my laptop 
laptops completely broke 
the ladybug fell in the hot crease of my laptop and now it's dead   
Laptop is refusing to work for me now  it's worked out that I use it all the time lol (lame joke hehe)
pissed off about her laptop  wanted to go to caseys rehursal
Oh and for those who care, my laptop is broke again. 
hmmm... i miss my laptop already, i cant go on the sims 3 or look at the pictures i may not see again 
I can't get this permenant marker blob off my laptop 
@simonech That's not too bad then. I had a little overheating problem with previous laptop. It fried the graphix card  a sad day...
bummer. no qtvr support on 64bit... I was going to post some old panoramas but they only work on my laptop  will try to find a solution.
@maestroknows @listentobjcom cant open the mixtape zip on my PC and windows laptop  I think it's about the folder/file names. rename plz?
My GPS is going crazzyyy  damnit janet!!!!
My clicker isn't working 
I hate my net router.... 
i feel so lost without my laptop.  
@miss_tattoo that bites  i thought maybe your wave lvl was just down (my laptop always pulls that)
@KevinCTofel WiFi only though right? 
Laptop repair FAIL.  atleast I'm staring at one of the cutest babies ever. That calmed me down a bit
Having an intermittant problem with WiFi disconnecting is bad, but today it's been more off than on 
just wants her stupid msn to work on her stupid laptop in her stupid house 
great way to start off the day... moved my laptop back here and the damned power brick broke... now it won't work to charge my laptop 
what's wrog wid my laptop 
I can't get internet on my laptop. 
@delilah88 infront of my laptop....just as bored as you 
JUST realized that when my laptop crashed, I lost a media list that I worked on for almost 2 solid weeks. AGHHHHH!!! 
this is so slow  such a bad WiFi
@laurenculver I can't, I had my laptop confiscated 
I really wish I had my laptop now. I dunno when I'm supposed to get it. 
My Bluetooth died 
@richholdsworth. My twidroid does have a character count - but it seems to only work with the hard keyboard 
Sims 3 is too intense for my poor old laptop. 
Off to visit the geek squad about my laptop 
so i got a wireless keyboard now and just remembered i forgot to tweet 
still can't get her laptop to work 
there is no ink in the printer...  awww
my notebook is really slow 
@cornishgirl no . on tweet deck on the laptop 
I am having troubles with my laptop 
my computer charger isnt working omgggggggg and its about to die 
ugh bbl... i dont kno why this charger isnt working 
@myleswillsaveus can't do it on my phone retard! and my laptop charger is broken 
@dukeanddjango print. the handheld scanner that scans 2d barcodes on cell phones just got lit up. not ready for tonight 
the apple store is sold out of the laptop I want.  I'm just going to order it online later tonight...
@crownyemi PANDA BEAAARRRR!!!!! I miss u! Lol I can't skype for a while until I get a new charger and/or battery for my laptop 
@rachelannyes well, you can pay for one connection and hook up a router, but often the venue gets pissed about that. No good solution. 
i miss my stereo 
i miss my laptop 
Damnit!!! Left laptop power cord in office. 
@xoKathurin; aww I'm really sorry  mylo is a fuxking retarded !
man im so bored my keyboard doesnt work so i have to use the on screen one. well i have to go vacume  ugh
bricked my wireless router 
@acedtect I have one of the logitech left handed mice (mouses?) I wish more hardware was available for lefties..  (like a nostromo..)
Pathetic laptop plays kitty video as delayed stop action . . .  
@headphones4two aww? droogs? that's not good. 
I'm so outta it I threw my battery charger for my camera in the washer!!! Uuuggghhh, I hope it still works. 
dead laptop battery... sooosad! 
@Marieaquino @aguilarcamille office WIFI not happening. they took the old one out due to security issues 
my printer is broked 
I Hope that I left my fone's data cable at home. I can't find it in my bag 
Sims 3 doesn't work on my laptop because it overheats and shuts down 
horizontal thin line on my laptop screen...  
wifi outside the dorm. but i had to pay for it. 
k i need to go..my laptop is bout to die.  but i am still doin the all nighterrr!! no matter wat!!! HAHA
I'm so lazy to buy the printer's ink. 
I hope my laptop comes back soon 
i don't have my laptop yet. so thats y i have not been on lately  i miss it &lt;333 ]:
low battery 
@sensible hahaaha i haven't managed to put a new pic on yet my laptop is really slow  i thought u had forgot me 
Anyone know how i can fit a 49key midi keyboard in my small suitcase? 
@podgypanda not again  how about neighbour's WiFi? ;)
i broke my mobile charger last night 
i need new earphones! mine's breaking. 
Aw I need to charge my mp3 player because the battery level is low 
@PiaHaha I need new earphones too 
@aribadler You'll be missed!  I'll do what I can to keep you in the loop, provided that my battery cooperates/I can recharge! #ragansocmed
That's what I have @masontech mine is the wallet skin case and it is rubbish because it is neither a wallet nor protection for my iPhone 
My boys is never staying at home again.Last time my internet modem went missing now the battery of the camera is missing 
balikin laptop gue woy! huhu 
My laptop monitor is broken. This isn't good 
wonders why you can't buy a replacement reciever for a wireless mouse. 
@catplan touch screen one no bluetooth  or wifi. either. sucks!
Getting ready to go into the video conference room for testing..I don't think my laptop is compatible though 
My charger on my computer broke 
cannot get the scanner to work 
Sadness, that totally wasn't my location.  GPS must be on the fritz.
still looking for the black briefcase 
Crews depolished wrong house based on GPS coordinates !  http://oreut.tk
my charger is messing up  shucks!
I miss my laptop 
is enjoying the sun but misses her phone, battery is dead and charger is in nottingham 
My chargers not working so my laptops dead and I can't go on msn   x
I want my laptop back! 
My laptop charger is dying  I hate when stuff breaks.
My laptop is being soooooooooooo slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@runkeeper #runkeeper disappointed that had my best run of the week and GPS failed me, ran at least 3mile in 25 mins 
My blackberrys on the fritz.... 
@andy065 podcasts are on my laptop 
@RespectTheWest ha! i have a cam in my laptop but doubt my clients would go for it 
@rebel_vamp thanks  sometimes i hate my laptop.
Yay! i found my wii  remote batteries 
@jjprojects yeah if I'm at a laptop/desktop I can do tabs, but most of my tweeting is on the run with an iphone so it is easier this way 
@robotsarecool Another big table touch screen  WOOT http://www.tuaw.com/2009/04/07/illusion-labs-goes-to-the-big-screen/
Does anybody have a macbook charger downtown I can borrow? 
laptop battery last 4 hrs is record time for me  , it 's always dead after 15 minutes. I fall in love again with my laptop...
The difference between a referee and a battery? The battery has a positive side to it 
going to move to arch on my laptop now to see how it is just before jaunty comes out 
setting up my new laptop 
I moved my laptop from my bed to my desk. so mch better 
Enjoying the lost. Thanks to GPS  - http://twitpic.com/3kz47
just setup new wireless router. i'm getting the hang of it. 
@grahamstanley Perhaps you can let Wifi tag along to help cheer you up and remind you of good memories 
found an external plug in the garden that was used for the water feature, can charge my laptop outside now 
Loves the notebook  So beautiful
@FakerParis i really do find this hysterical!  specially when ppl have to 'flip' the laptop -or turn themselves in strange positions..
My laptop is dead.. ): Now i won't be able to get on anywhere unless my aunt or my boyfriend let me borrow their laptop. 
@dsilverman don't they have a bench outside the building where you can work on your laptop via wifi? 
I want this notebook http://tinyurl.com/d5h7yz 
@dmcm Hopefully you'll have the same experience. I was pretty happy to get a new battery free just before my warranty expired 
is uninstallng norton from his dad's laptop 
In technology. So boring. We have our phones out for measuring 
ok, i'll see if i can enter from my laptop, i don't have warcraft here , soooo i'll see if i can find u 
i just got a new mini laptop....damn this is the greatest thing ever invented... i am obsessed....i think...maybe... 
@roderickhodgson I always knew my printer wanted to communicate with me on a different level 
@renailemay leaving the discussion to cook dinner? Laptops were built for kitchen benches 
@ErikRoseJohnsen I think monitors are built for 96dpi now, (&amp; old monitors cope with 96 perfectly) so I like to make use of the modern 96 
stuck using my verizon wireless card.. stupid internet at my apartment is not working.  about to give up and go to bed early!! 
@zappos couscous on the keypad! 
downloading apps from the apple site for my laptop yay  know any good ones?
@vagelisv the laptop i was on last night is only about 6 months old. nothing was wrong w/it. the battery was just dying. 
Watching the notebook 
getting ready for bed and off the new laptop 
making laptop fast again  yayy
My new mouse arrived today, I have been using a small notebook mouse up until now.  Finally got myself a gaming mouse 
searching for bluetooth device on best buy website  any advice on a good bluetooth?
Has more bracelets  but no battery
@jamesv simple and straightforward display  also shows up great on the mobile device!
Yay! Wifi in the flower shop 
Wifi open here 
baiden is a fool, off the the bbq, taking laptop 
Dropping off mylo at the groomers 
@jakevsrobots thx! vodka (amongst other things) does strange things to ones GPS 
has a laptop now 
and i didn't tweak my laptop that much. i'm not so geek 
Off to buy a new router my old belkin has gone senile - the new one should blow out the rest of the neighbourhood 
playing with my new laptop 
Windows 7 now  home-pc (quatro-monitor complex setup), 2 x notebooks, netbook and mediacenter and everyone is happy 
@TheGimliGlider all laptops should be made of some sort of metal 
Playing with my new laptop 
Yay, I got my laptop back 
Doing some research about laptop 
i'm still in bed and on the laptop ...yep borin !!! 
@mgorbach They actually use standard speaker wire between them too, with standard terminals, so no soldering involved or anything. 
@dpbrown the old blue G4 is too slow to code on nowadays, I have a laptop I've borrowed from work ++ lets me lounge while I browse 
The apple keyboard is really cool. i want one. they used it in doctor who 
installing dvt card for loonix, fingers crossed, I hope it turns out as well as my android upgrade 
thinking of getting new dvds, csi.  can't wait to get my laptop. 
@tweeterdiva It's easy.....just turn your keyboard upside down 
@brinahaha i'm just starting it brinn, guess what?? i get my laptop back  but i can't use the messenger, hate it.
just fought with my printer...after 2 hours i claim victory... i hate electronics 
My laptop was being an idiot. Its back to normal now 
@sweetdreamer hah i'ma knock on wood but my PC has never crashed yet..nor my laptop  but then i'm careful with stuff so maybe that's y
I love how when I leave my laptop on my bed it creates a nice toasty spot  
Just funny sitting here with external keyboard, mouse, and macbook on bed  just looks strange but it's comfortable 
@damana Was he big and strong - and would he like a pedometer? 
haha  have laptop on deck with wireless...works like a charm  
10 days until i can get my PDA! 
@GaneshaXi at least you didn't leave the laptop there.  
on my lappy yay wireless 
@Kazarelth I wish that gadget had been around when I first started stargazing 
@csquaredsmiles Get your laptop fixed. 
@corkyloowho  well im going to bed I am falling asleep at my laptop ttyl xox
@kf buy any goodies? pens or notebooks? 
Haha my battery is at 69% 
heese school was lame just read all my emails. ahh need my laptop back  i can go to japan for free. apparently but i dnt wanna
@theonewhogrins thank you...she always manages to find the oddest places to hang out... as long as its not my keyboard I'm cool with it 
@clicktokill i strip for a select crowd only. i can give you the GPS coordinates for where i do that. 
In form with ashley on the laptops yeah  playing cube field and emailing each other
@ExocetAU do i get that mighty mouse too? id rather a mouse than keyboard if its only 1 or the other. 
@qanouni had a map, and asked (about 12 people) for directions. I do need a GPS. 
@lindaaaa it is  although their fight :o I was yelling at the laptop ha
been up all night but should be getting a laptop today or 2mrw and another camera and ipod  happy
@rebeka767 i won.t get lost, i have a GPS 
http://www.overtherainbowshop.com/wallets.htm I just ordered the first wallet on this page 
btw, is it just me or do others also get the idea of rearranging the keys on the keyboard??? i know for one @ceetee did do it back then! 
@vaxen_var Hahha do you think they might have WIFI at the monastary? The monks are running around with iphones under their black robes 
@Kirkhille looks a bit big for travelling  I already have a powerful workstation at home, just need a new laptop for the road!
computers gonna die and too lazy to get up to get the charger. so i guess it's bedtime 
i've got my laptop lowbat. so i better shut it down! haha. i'm off! goodbye! 
@Jenreynolds25: i have batteries.  #3hotwords
Creating a mobile office in the train: coffee + laptop with power adapter plugged in (thanks to ice trains) everything you need 
@alistair is grovelling under the table fixing the wifi 
oh yeah is it me or has anyone experienced a faulty battery on their new cellphone? I loveeee my blackberry but omfg new battery needed 
Booting up my laptop. 
@aniraangel Then it's probably my eyeballs  (Or my insanely old laptop...)
excited! @jusfocuz is fixing my virus infected laptop 
back again. had to restart my laptop. 
#android metaldetector says my laptop has metal...and the laundry has not...accurate enough 
Yay i got an hp mini laptop for graduation...my parents are amazing 
@calebjonasson never mind, on the laptop and downloading now 
well i am sittin on my bed,on my laptop,texting mah bestie &amp; eating a pizza pocket 
Just ordered some laptop backpacks that look like bullet-proof vests  http://bit.ly/sSWXT
I need to learn how to use my iPhone for a wireless on laptop.  lmk if u can teach me 
my mouse misbehaved, the cursor ran from corner to corner. shall change for a new set of mouse and keyboard 
@stevepurkiss I have trouble using mice now, hand just doesn't understand why it's being asked to heave the medieval device around 
@starrydesigns How is your new laptop going?! 
Bugger. for all those that pointed out, I missed a crucial word. Starbucks will be launching free WiFi next week, not free coffee, sadly 
My laptop's working reeaallllyy fine again. 
Taking a week off from my writing my cache server to prototype a fun new program for netbooks. Lets see how it goes 
@Matthijn But books do burn, like laptops 
@bookdepository just sent mine..really want that notebook 
Starbucks will be launching free WiFi next week, not free coffee, sadly  (via @drewb)
screwing around with laptop again. i always end up angry when doing this. warning you all 
@dooomby666 open the stapler, and push hard 
@ridsevilla i hope it works out to be a decent laptop. 
The irony that geolocation is the reason I'm getting my GPS receiver back is not lost on me 
on gaybRo's laptop. only pluss : can watch teevee  whilee twittering. buht there is also twitterific....
@keikomushi No, I haven't. I'll get to it on my laptop 
is having dinner infront of laptop 
@euan No laptop = going commando2.0 
boiler broke down again the other day.  fed. up.  however, i still have my laptop cable's transformer to keep part of my foot warm  :'(
I am currently photoshop-ing pictures.  I need to format my laptop. *sigh*
@pcambra If you could hold my larger laptop while I'm biking that would be a big help  I'm going to take a netbook with me on the bike
we have a 4 Gigs Laptop , so don't worry 
@nickfranklin lol, got too quick on the keyboard 
playing on her new laptop  yay
@mysgreen earphones  I'd have loads of complaints otherwise LOL
has quite the long night ahead of him -- installing updates for WoW, etc. on his new Laptop. 
wants &quot;perfect couch computing device&quot; 
just bought a laptop....yea.....pretty stoked 
@cocoxochitl http://twitpic.com/5oevf - I made this my new background on my laptop! 
finally can type without hardly looking at the keyboard 
@EvilNanny why thank you  I'll do mine when I get the laptop out, will make sure you get a personal one now ;) x
nothing shows up on my screen, but seesmic desktop 
broke a couple of keys on my laptop :S      D&amp;E are on the fritz   fritz?
@karcy_r @syazaliyana guess, we shouldn't be eating while twittering with the laptop kot... 
#bjtweetup -- @fuzheado with his tiny netbook. @thecarol: bigger or smaller than yours?  http://twitpic.com/5omh9
@starwhistle But I now have a headset.  
@angrykeyboarder I got to love those mini 10's, too bad I've got myself a good laptop already 
I restarted my mom's laptop.. it's going crazier, crazier... 
Ahh, finally. This laptop has TwitterFox! 
wow just cleaned my macbook keyboard and screen frame with some kitchen cleaner and it's come up great, almost like new 
@davidillsley the memory card reader, although flimsy, is actually quite fast 
@thequiddity Are you still selling this laptop?  What sort? How cheap?   Does it work?
Sending my holiday snaps to my netbook via magical bluetooth and feeling incredibly modern 
my BT mouse just stopped working WTH!? hope it's just the batteries... ok never mind it's working again yay! 
In bedddd. Wifi is awesome lol 
it surely feels awesome to tweet using my macbook and reliance card in a bus in some remote area of haryana... god bless technology 
will now go on reading..Laptop is still open..  http://plurk.com/p/wx1x8
woo hoo .... new modem ...   I'm baaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkkkkkkk!!!!
@euniqueflair and then touching your keyboard/keypad which you've been touching for like, forever 
http://twitpic.com/6635c - #mrlaser with new batteries  #probablyillegal
@mhisham lol i hav a dell desktop not a mini 
at last, surfing the net with my desktop right now 
 i wish i had my tablet pen :c...
@KALGB eu uso wireless no vista 
