Most common words for this cluster:
[('legs', 315), ('arms', 127), ('toes', 52), ('knees', 47), ('shoulders', 44), ('muscles', 29), ('arm', 27), ('lol', 22), ('thighs', 19), ('blisters', 12), ('ankles', 12), ('hips', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'legs', 0.9023844003677368), (u'ankles', 0.7331727147102356), (u'thighs', 0.725084662437439), (u'knees', 0.720641016960144), (u'hips', 0.6854718327522278), (u'bandaged_stump', 0.6774435639381409), (u'forearms', 0.6648809313774109), (u'countless_skin_grafts', 0.6611961126327515), (u'toes', 0.6601340174674988), (u'toned_thighs', 0.6475830078125)]





ooh...hungry... before anything creeps out of the kitchen with legs...and/or arms...*attacks fridge* ah, cold chicken how exciting 
going for a ride i hate my legs 
is pisses off, legs ++ feet in loads of pain, running from a old man who tryed too trash our tent :O 
i'm bleeding ! , i shaved my legs and now i'm bleeding   haha, i'm a loser xp
@beccaacyrusx chyeahhhh ;) my shoulders, back and legs all hurt atm 
My toes are cold. 
my shoulders are so hairy. why?! 
...now freezing our buttocks off again 
i have 5 blisters on my fingers from the dogs' leads  it hurts like hell! hunting was tough this morning
my legs hurt 
has burnt legs. 
annoyed with the net! bandwidth exploded so now everything is slower than a snail with legs. 
grr my dad pointed out my hairy legs 
yesterday was waaaay too much fun! now my legs and arms are killing me 
I don't have steady arms  http://dailybooth.com/karlchyeahh/223636
I think I may be anemic.  I don't think my legs are supposed to spontaneously bruise after jogging. 
@cymberly oh poor legs. No love for you 
Training update - legs hurting 
My legs ache  
I can't move my arms. 
Why did i take a nape 
Any suggestions for sore leg muscles after a strenious walk?  Two days on and I can hardly move.  
Now I have shopping-bag-shoulders! 
i have really sore arms from netball   not good!!
not skating tonight. knees still sore 
i can feel it.im going to get bruises on my knees 
@kgbeats king crab legs are calling my name.. saying gloria.... we miss you.... i miss them too. boo. 
@xSKYLINES; my legs are stiff 
http://twitpic.com/4e6bi -  my legs all swollen
my limbs ache 
I have sore legs  but we didnt lose!
goin tut solihull- my legs are killing though 
Trampolines are dangerous! People tend to fall over and hurt their arms!   trampolines are bogus!
@strobegirl I'm about to get my legs out, it will be butros butros ghali to the sunshine then 
I pulled my crotch muscle  Haha.
I just fell down the stairs!  my bum is sore
Passed out after the concert last night. It was just that good... I have a few bruises on my torso  fucking elbows.
Mowing the lawn is getting hard on my diabetic legs.  
My body's aching like eff. Especially both my thighs and arms  And I've to refrain from vulgarities now!!
saw the saddest thing tonight - a kid with no arms or legs. Couldn't have been older than 6. 
this is swell, there is nothing to do. I'm legs hurt from soccer 
my legs hurt so bad!  they feel like they're going to fall off
i stretched my arm muscles and they hurt so bad 
tired and my legs hurt i hate sleeping by myself 
@peachness hehehe, sounds more gross than complex! I want nothin' to do w/stanky legs. ewwww...first toenails, now stanky legs.  lol
@joecamnet I don't know how I can live with this.  I think I need to go slit my wrists 
my lungs don't have the strength to blow up my 'nothing personal' beach ball  i hope they create some 'nothing personal' socks.
My legs hurrt 
bed now maybe? idk. I don't have a voice and my legs ache, I don't want to go to class tomorrow 
I have sun burn on small parts of my arms 
ouch, knees hurt badly 
I stubbed my toe getting into bed  lol damn my toes! ...too late!
FINALLY finished it! it feels as if a tiny weight has just been lifted off my shoulders. one down two to go 
my legs ache so bad    ugh, growing pains =/
i'm going to get used to sleeping in your arms, and i'm never going to want you to leave. :[ i know you will tho because i snore lmao 
ouch my feets hurt 
@RedAntiques don't say tesco on and don't get discount for tesco either  but fetching yellow reflective lines on the legs and arms
has bruises and cuts all over her legs 
reality check. my arm's bruised after falling down the stairs-  ouch.
has REALLY sore legs 
i never knew being burnt could be this painful, i can't wear straps 
Ah, tryna make muh legs not hurt.  
15 min of scrubbing and i still look orange. my arms hurt 
@MissyB76 I feel the same.  I have so much fat on my legs you could make two Roseannes outta me.    And I'm only 18...
Ouch. My legs tingle. I think I've got razor burn. This displeases me. 
@CuzImSOOOCool Little to late  my shoulders feel like they 90 degrees
My toes are cold 
@Bluenscottish Distance isn't so much fun  Would much rather have her in my arms again.
had needles in both arms in different directions this morn, ouch 
I swear I have bruised shoulders!! 
My shoulders are so sunburnt 
http://twitpic.com/553yf - ...kicked my butt so bad yesterday I can still barely walk or lift my arms...really need a massage 
they just wanted to suck my toes 
fucking pulled muscles again  so much pain.
I got jabbed twice by the needle in both arms and no dice. my veins aren't giving up any blood today  sorry red cross
The medication I take for kidney stones is giving me cramps in my legs 
My legs are hurting. 
my muscles are hurtingg. 
@mrssweetness2u lol my arms r weak 
@ddubscovergirl cont'd blood thinners. i have had two dvts in my legs in a year 
my legs hurt 
my legs are soreee!  needs a rest on sundays..
i pulled my muscles   they're killing me..haha
fell down the stairs and hurt my arm 
you know?... go with crutches is horrible!!!!  my arms hurt!!
@shaunmichaelb no i mean i never thought selena could raise her legs straight.. i've attempted to do that and all i got was pain  it hurts
I've got cold arms 
Just cycled omg legs like jelly. 
has part tiled the roof and is now up to her arms in pva glue 
 legs feel like I've been doing the stanky leg all nite
who said running was good for you? my legs are soo sore 
thighs stilllll hurt     and do they not get that i don't want to go to church. uhg!!!!
Apparently i worked a muscle i never used before and now they're so sore i can barely lift my arms 
i have over 50 mosquitobites!! my legs look funny and it itches 
My toes are still hurting... bummed out that I cannot run... 
I think I may need to work my arms out...they ache after every wedding 
my shoulders hurt so much i cant ach dance 
ow my legs hurt. 
@GabrielaElena neither can i  and my knees give out :/
I hate my knees 
my toes are cold. 
enjoyed the crazy magic that was bay to breakers but is hating the pain in her feet/legs 
My legs are sore !!!   But it hurts so good ;)
@RyanSeacrest I was sitting in my comfy bed when I felt the quake and my tail went right between my legs 
My legs hurt so bad! 
@kimmy_long_legs what have you been doing with your shins? I've gone deaf in my right ear  quiet times
going to go for a walk/jog on the treadmill yoh ! need to tone up these thighs , and get rid of these love-handles . ewwww . 
is lying flat on the bed. tired to even move my legs  what is happening to me
my face and legs are itchy  I hate skin irritation
@omgitsashton ...was being hypercritical as he has them, now he likes them but doesn't want me to put any on my arms 
keep scratching bites on my legs  i don't want any more scars though 
My arms really hurt 
I have huge, super itchy bug bites all over my arms and legs  help.
I need new bike gloves. All the cycling I did yesterday gave me blisters on the meaty part of my palms. 
the degree to which my managers hips jet out from her waist is nothing short of unnatural 
my legs still hurt 
@leenkwan what's wrong with woolworth's chic thighs?  hehe don't scare me ar!
Arms n legs hurt 
@NikkiCyp thanks!  I had the legs to hold on through the rest of the miss and out but pulled myself out because I passed in the apron 
dancing salsa was so awesome  totally can't feel my legs 
My effin legs r so tired  I need a rub down son
my back and shoulders are blisters now 
My legs are sweating on the leather 
@trentyou Arms and legs. 
My legs 
I just tried to render a 200mb photo to .png and I think my laptop has amputated my upper legs and burnt it's way through the chair 
@omgitsafox D'aw~  I would give you ( a very bad, but I would try! ) back rub. If you get my shoulders/neck &gt;:3
GRAHHUSIDH i got two huge bumps on my thighs from walking around all day in my shorts  they hurrrrtttttttttttttuh!
My toes are icicles... 
there is nothing i love more than watching a nurse hold down my baby's legs and shove needles into his little thighs.  sense the sarcasm?
My elbows are sunburnt 
I'm missing crab legs and attending my going away instead! 
I've burnt my collerbone and arms and face! aww! 
Being tall has its ups and downs , my legs are in pain 
My arms are making me want to cry... and also because those shots made me sick 
walking in 3 inch heels that ended up being a half size to big on a leg that's still has pulled muscles.not a good look.my ass hurts 2day 
lacey is alright though. quite a few gashes, and she keeps her tail between her legs 
ahhh i think my legs are burnt  they hurt
my arms hurt! 
@MrGranger trouble is i don't think any of this is helping my wrists. 
ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as shit. my life sucks right now 
Ive got mad cramps in my legs 
zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt 
My arms hurt 
I'm really enjoying pins and needles in my legs at 01:28 in the morning... Not 
My elbows really itchy! 
has old lady crusty toes 
i wish i had 3 ladies rubbing my feet,feeding me grapes  and giving me a neck massage 
thinking that pulled muscles don't sound like much fun at all 
i got growing pains in my legs which means i am getting taller  but i am losing my huggable size though 
my legs are so sore i can barely walk... looks like i will have to suffer wearing flats today 
My cruches are killing me... my arms hurt soo badly 
has burnt her shoulders.. 
bruises all over my legs, not good 
enjoyed shopping..for other peeps. hahaha..legs still sore though. 
@kayele my shoulders are sore from swimming too. 
there's a spider with 6-legs on my window. 
my arms hurt me 
My knees hurt. 
These thighs need to go..... 
ouch, my legs are burned 
has sunburnt arms! 
my arms hurt.  
My legs ache so bad from my workout yesterday 
Feeling really sick and my legs hurt bad. 
@laurenabarlow I have tendonitis in my arms from drums and my work. 
http://twitpic.com/69zod - me and @meeny7 leaving the palms 
dancing on pavement is hard on the knees 
My legs are all bitten(?) up. 
my legs are burning, aaaahh! no moisturiser 
was gonna post a pic of my legs... changed my mind, the pic doesn't show just how badly i cooked my knees in the sun... hurts 
arghhhh my shoulders are so sore 
My arms hurt 
You could fry eggs on my legs there on fire 
legs and arms are painful after a day in the sun! 
had a top night out! but fell up the stairs and cut my knees 
I got sun burn on my legs 
has reeeaaaalllllyyyy sunburnt legs helpppp lol?? they're mega soreeeeee 
@bonsoirdollface Holy crap I totally have workday legs too.  &lt;3
My knees hurt  i hate slippery rocks
I got a very overdue bath today, and my hind legs have hair sticking out all over!  The humidity is making my hair too straight 
my arms feel like they're going to fall off. 
arms really starting to hurt from burn. have aloe gel. not helping 
I'll pay what ever you want I need a massage..  my shoulders and neck...
@andyclemmensen aww poor andy!!! it hurts heaps when you knick yourself when you shaving your legs 
A little sun burn on my shoulders 
my arms are so sore   breakfast, then workout.
Would like the legs to tan or at least go red!!!! Buts its not happening!!! 
going to go sit outside, my knees are hurting sat here 
My back...my nose...my legs  But it was so freaking worth it 
my legs repel the sun    sad times
ack I've already got burnt shoulders 
awwww belami is limpin  just noticed she has ripped da top skin of 1 of her pads on her frount paw 
@jedidja At least you can wear them when you find them. I have webbed toes. 
has burnt shoulders 
Aw, my arms hurt. 
ahh my legs are rather sunburnt  ouch
I'm so scared my arms, feet and chest will burn or tan. I want some sort of servant to walk around behind me with an umbrella to shade me 
@geekgirl444 my boobs are already at my knees 
three to five backwards is not very fun, especially with these legs. additionally i miss eric 
The skin of my legs is so ugly 
my tootsies hurt. 
I have sunburnt legs. ouchies. 
was singing at a festival yesterday and got sunburnt because i forgot my sunscreen the backs of my legs, my chest and my face are all red 
 shoulders are burnt haha.
one of my arms is more tan than the other 
@JulieBanderas no skirt today  i want to see those legs.
I just lifted weights and now my arms feel floppy 
I have a burnt and sore arm 
@sammi_jade o i no its been boiling i've burnt my legs so bad at the bak can hardly walk (sigh)  silly me. did u get up 2 anyfnk nicexx
@GrantMc is that burnt? looks like my arms, face  and the bottoms of legs which are bright red lol, it's not pretty 
@MellyG14 @kokalola : yes they were on, I have blisters on my toes 
It's so fricking warm, just top &amp;underwear for bed tonight I thinks. +cuzz I got sunburn on my legs 
the tops of my legs are so burnt that it hurts to put my laptop on them  oh well.. better than looking glow in the dark white!
my legs are actually killing me, went for a bath to try and cool my skin, felt like i was being slashed! 
my shoulders are proper burnt :| in paiiiiinnnn 
my legs hurt from the sun burn  also, why when i lie down does my hair reach my waist, where as it's not that long when i stand up?
My shoulders are sun-burned 
The muscles on the front/top of both thighs hurt 
ugh weak ankles....  my feeties hurt
from my hips up, i im sore 
@untouchableTQ that is not good at all  im sore my legs feet and knees hurt from work...
legs aching... 
however I've got my legs hurt so much 
my toes are cold. 
I'm aching all over. I have massive blisters on my feet from footy y'day. I have p-p-p-p-panda face. 
I hate bug bites... ESPECIALLY on my toes 
Anyone else suffer from swollen summer legs  healthy eating and gym utterly pointless if legs then double in size of their own accord...
I burnt my arms and face 
@chellebell86 don't give in to the high heels!  w/in a month you'll have charlie horses in your arches and scrapes on your heels 
@natesaint hurt necks suck 
@mrsthompsonx i'm burnt too, my legs, shoulders and arms haha  xxx
@livestrongnj they can wake up one night screaming with one or both hind legs cold and w/o a pulse  
my calves hurt so bad. no more stairs for me...well until i get home 
My elbows are bruised from one of the roller coasters. 
Aching legs....   Now where can I get some juggling balls from!!
My shoulders and face are burnt 
wow, forearms are really red...too much sun for me 
@tonesource lol sounds like you have your work cut out for you. I have to cut my kitteh's claws he just tore into my leg. he's mad. 
has weird spots on his arms.   http://plurk.com/p/xpxpq
sad that &quot;bony legs&quot; is out of print and that i just looked it up online and it ranges from $50-$160.  
@mommagoth just my big toes... seriously 
Oh dear the legs are starting to suffer from yesterdays weights session! 
my arms are very burnt 
I officially have porcelain legs, incapable of tanning  And yet my shoulders are a lovely shade of lobster...
my feets hurt! 
My knees are hurting pretty bad. I hate having rhematoid arthritis. 
My legs need to get stronger.....they are so sore right now 
wrkout was nice.stomach n arms r killn me.i miss my trainer doe 
Wish I cud wear a skirt like u could, my legs are too skinny to wear one 
Both knees are sore 
My nipples itch. 
my legs are still burning after my workout OUCHY 
Weow..ugh my legs are hurting so bad 
I think I sprain my muscle when I was lifting weights. I can't flex my arms straight. No work out this week. 
I need my phoebe in my arms  blah
I just got hair dye all over my arms and neck... Last time I do this at home!  It won't come off 
damn butter pump, my arms 
@brikeane i lay or put my legs/feet up or spread my legs haha. it just doesn't work out most times for me 
@KateEdwards All of their legs are too thin for me to appreciate the stockings. 
I put lotion on my legs and tried to go to bed. Now my sheets are stuck to my legs and are feeling pretty slimy and I can't fall asleep! 
@hannnnnaaahh my dads arm is going to have a big bite mark in it haha, i always have to bite when i get needles, hate them  x
@lizzeecee 4gotn. legs brnt. 
missing him but i no longer can hold him in my arms. He's far from me now. 
my highschool is soooooo..... tiring i got cramps on my legs   but it's sooooo fun too I got new friends 
i think i have artheritis in my wrists  they hurt.
My elbows hurt really bad 
completed my 2nd mini marathon woowoo.. now suffering from burnt shoulders and arms 
@PassionMD i gained a pound! whyyyy!   i'll blame it on some muscles!
my elbows hurt 
@mat_simmons   well speaking of blood, i was running u to throw the jalalin and my toes cracked! so i went blahh throwing it 
I shouldn't be allowed to sit wit my legs curled up, I've pulled my left leg now! 
uff not again...  burnt my arm once again... WHAT????? now i am going to have two scars :O  ..............nooooooooooooooooooooooo
my arms hurt from volleyball 
Trying rly hard to break my habbit of crossing my legs  its difficult
@brigwyn My legs are really tiny when I'm standing up  it looks pretty odd, I just don't do a lot of walking and have no muscle
@jaws_1 I know!  
At the nail shop, getting my toes done! The lady told me to stop running around barefoot, my toes are ugly!! Lol aww 
I dreamed you tried to kill me... but even that just made me want to be in your arms... 
@coliwilso sure wasn't ... mai legs 
@bornadragonfly where you at sweets! I need a shot in the arm. 
drizzling rooftops result in hurt legs 
backside is numb from sitting on the floor 
My legs are so tired. I think I'm going to be sick. 
my arms are hurting so much!!! 
lunges and crunches.ouch 
Only caught 1 out of 3 fins  #animalcrossing
@sampan22 It was jiggling about, but it kept the hand between its legs.. 
My wrists hurt.  
@MissStephLova my legs are sleep cause I had 2 hold this gym bag in my lap 
Biceps hurt so good. Legs (they've only just recovered), back and abs today. But will have to wait until after work. 
I just leant over an iron and burnt all up my arm... owwwwwwwwwchhhhhh 
my legs hurt  crys
I can't lift my arms 
My legs hurt 
My arms are really sore 
@DisneyLuis I agree but I love the incline on the treadmill. It really works out my leg muscles I can't do that outside  not enough hills
I wish I could gain weight in my ankles. They r so freakishly skinny 
hiya...my legs hurt so much, I can't describe it...it's awful 
My toes are killing me! 
both of my ankles hurt 
speakin of the heels I just got. today I had an impromptu shoe shopping trip so I had to try on shoes with the ashiest of feet and legs 
i think i fucked up my right deltoids doing some light weight training  can barely lift my shirt over my head with that arm
carnival was fun! scratched up knees isn't 
Q10: i don't have venganza  , i will have to definitely agree with jaws_1 #MCRchat
The swollen ankles are here  why me?
My legs hurt. 
My ankles are so swollen...   http://pikchur.com/avQ
my knees are sore 
My toes are cold 
Morning all!need the miles to be added up in my legs (but am oh so tired too  )
My knees hurt  i can't get comfortable enough to get sleepy.
Being as lanky as I am...I do not suit skinny leg jeans. Evidently my love of macca's fries goes straight. To my thighs 
Grazed knees 
my knees and elbow hurt, i have the bones of an 75 year old! 
my knees and elbow hurt, i have the bones of a 75 year old! 
my legs hurt. 
Ouuuuuchhhh...my legs are SO sore 
I have carper burn on my knees 
my legs still hurt 
getting ready to go out. wishing that I could go without folding my arms to cover up my flabby stomach 
@GlamourFrog I can't do his toes, he's wrapped up too well in the quilt. 
@kweilo I seem to be experiencing sausage coma and I don't think I can move my legs or drink any more 
I've to shave my legs 
my legs are so paleeeeeeee 
These shoes are literally cutting off the circulation to my toes 
i got a rash on my legs  fuck that shit!!!
My legs, my arms, head, and my wrist hurts. :/ i hate it. Its bad 
Just fell out of the shower and almost broke my legs 
i'm burning up...i'm very hot...my shoulders are burning 
I've been on the treadmill over an hour my legs and my little ass hurts  and I'm still not getting off the machine
Trying to keep from crying...getting my toes done and i think one of them is sprained! She's hurting me 
@wx4svr join the club of burn. I've got it on my face &amp; neck and some on arms.  Solarcaine to the rescue.
i just sprayed a huge spider with air freshener. it is still alive and limping with creepy bendy legs 
I love mosquito bites, butscratching the mush (that was once their dead bodies) off my fingernails and legs is even better! 
i got charlie horses in both my legs last night and they still hurt 
Would love to feel a strong pair of arms wrapped around her and to rest her head on a caring shoulder. 
My legs r on fiaaaaaaaaaa  
Proms friday and my toes still sore from the break 
Is soo sunburnt...it's only getting worse!  I'm rubbing aloe vera on my arms and legs.
my toes are cold. 
@noodells i don't think their little legs would make it that far 
@mahlor cat puke between the toes 
My shoulders &amp; arms are aching like mad 
just walked the bridges, now my legs are sore 
My legs won't let me go to sleep 
ughhhh!!!! my freaking legs are cramping up!! 
my feets are cold 
@nikfourpeace to goto philly and get my toes done lol 
@RachelLock22 i cant be a 3rd veornica  unless i get my legs chopped off LOL.
My feets, my legs and my toe hurt! And i gotta walk home! 
toes are cold 
OWWW I just proper fell down the stairs  hurt my arm 
has sunburn on her shoulders 
My piggy tails are crooked. 
Cramps  *curls up in a ball and cries*
@bigfatloser my wrists hurt 
My knees hurt! 
I just woke up and started stretching/contorting on the bed, nearly making myself a quadrapalegic. 
My arms are still aching  too much wii!!!! lol
Its weird my thighs are really tan but my calves arnt 
has sore legs from exercise video 
My toes hurt!  I have blisters and I don't know why...  
i forgot to put lotion on my legs before i left 
My legs are really sore!! Not good this 
is wondering why she has itchy ankles!? It's keeping me awake! 
going to bed with this sunburn, sore legs and broken shoes. 
Buuust, it started raining  and I've never seen jaws
@jaws_1 I do, they're insanely annoying 
I have now been told to incorporate lots of squats and lunges into my physio regime otherwise it's back under the knife I go 
I just came back from karting and i got bruised legs 
now I've got little red blotches all over my chest - not good   It better go  before next thursday.  and I've still got stripy arms!  
my shoulders hurt 
My legs hurt. 
i get told nothing *folds arms* 
my uncles back in hospital  he cant feel his legs me sad n a tad worried now
is otw home, legs r numb like always 
@knittingbicycle almost! I need more yarn for the legs 
Has legs of lead - that'll learn me to warm down 
realises his burnt knees and nose is not a good look 
my legs are so sunburned I can barely walk. sooooo painful 
@cho43 I'm gonnaan my toes are goin through some thangs. I can't find a shoe that doesn't hurt my feets 
needs to pack my bag for work, oh and i just stubbed my toe, now the blood is dripping and my toes have gone blue 
My legs ache. 
My extensor tendons for both my arms hurt. 
something has decided to attack my legs...itchy and on fire!! 
ok my legs are so sore i can barely move 
I turned right...but I didn't find your arms. 
without legs pants would be like duh... now wat do we do? 
My bruises are slowly going away- now my legs just look dirty 
@Rachhhhx awwww no. awww no kevins legs ripped 
I am really tense in my lower neck to the tops of my shoulders.   I need a quiet massage.
im actually lobster red on my arms, and casper white on my legs. sooo not a good look 
I have a bird on my porch with broken legs!!!!  nearly cut off I dont know what to do with it.
My feets and ankles are swollen.  it feels like I'm walking around on sausages. *drinks flavored water and puts feets up*
i keep ripping my jeans...knees, waist, butt....i need new ones 
@stephengould yeah, got my legs feelin soo sore. 
my legs hurt so bad.  
new skittles crazy cores. amazing. but shouldn't have eaten them.  going straight to the thighs now.
legs burn soooo freaking bad 
@JeskaEatsBrains I want noodle arms. 
I jerked now my side bones hurt 
I will take that as a no then... waste of nice legs 
My shoulders are soooo burnt, they really hurt 
@MissCindyBabyyy no lol, my legs hurt 
swollen finger and rash all over my legs. uhh this is what I get for eating real food. 
@YOUNGSAFE i have a bubble butt and skinny legs. naturally. 
I wish my toes were cute 
 all I want is my ma in my arms  that's all I want is you in my arms
i dont know whats hurting me more my neck, knees or ankles 
Walking 2 miles every day with husband; feels great to get legs moving...hips don't appreciate the steep hill, though 
My knuckles hurt from playing blood knuckles 
 My wrists&amp;arms hurt.
@amiemccarron lol...my calves are too skinny. I have bird legs and can't fill them out. 
my toes are cold.  fav chucks are soaked.
and my muscles are still hurting 
I HATE when I see men knocking their knees together on the bus or train cos I know they're playing with their balls. 
I had to have 4 needles instead of 1  arms ache!
My legs hurt like a bitch after that run 
i want to have thin thighs. 
@NaomiTustin yes just very tired and fed up.....feel like a balloon with legs 
@michelle_atwork The legs had snapped almost clean off - I think I had over worked it - poor horse 
I feel weak in the knees. Literally. I wanted to faint earlier. 
Does not feel too good my torso hurtz too much 
My legs are sick and tired of being wounded 
's feets hurt. 
Ahhh car journeys are so long  I'm not enjoying looking at my hairy legs 
my legs hurt. grrrrr coach goose.  at least he has nice pecs lol
leaving to go to marias soon. sooo tired and my legs hurt 
@rissacupcake lol I can't help it chonga! I light tight pony tails 
Oh and my arms. They hurt. 
Blisters in between my toes 
i should be working out, but my legs hurttttt 
 my legs hurt!
my legs are so tired, I feel like they might fall off!!!!!  
my left arm is so sore from shots.  I can't lift it without cringing.
I hate my legs 
i got 4 shots  my arms feel terrible
@LoveDevorne I know right? But she was cute as hell. The chest hairs are a negative 
My knees actin up... This can't be good 
My butt muscles still hurt 
Off to gym to work on my butt and arms and thighs--&quot; it gets bigger and bigger since the holiday started. It really paid off! 
why does it have to rain. it makes my feets so wet and cold 
@danaruth09 totally jealous of the crab legs....  
Why can't a girl get Patriots-Falcons tickets without paying an arm and 2 legs 
downside: my arms are sore 
Died in rpm!!! Legs all jelly like 
Bruises are the worst on your butt and arm 
i pulled muscles on both of my thighs and i am so sore!!! i hope i'll feel better for my match tomorrow 
I seriously want to chop my legs off right now, I hate restless leg syndrome!!!! 
My legs hurt 
has really cold feets 
i am going to kill all the spiders i see in and around my house. i do not need to deal with swollen ankles!!  i have a cankle..  
my muscles are aching in the backs of my legs, can hardly walk 
my toes got ruined! 
Last night I waded through some grass and now I've got itchy bumps on my legs   
mourning my fat arms 
my toes are uberly blistered. will never wear those shoes again (or at least until i forget what pain feels like) 
My office is freeeeeeezing  I definitely need to take a walk after I write up this diagnosis cause my toes &amp; fingers are numb!
My arms just had a seizure after an hour of weight lifting 
@jenny313 i know, i wish i could... but it srsly hurts to maneuver  i have bruises up and down both legs
The carpet burns on my knees really hurt 
poppy is licking my knees and it tickles, 
my feet have blisters cos ive been running around in heels.  *shakes fist at semi annual sale.
@KatyParis and me i can't find pitou between my legs 
Urh, I am so sleepy, and my legs ache so much 'cos of all the walking I did yesterday! 
@CampAmyzing his muscles hurt depending,on how he feels in the morn I may not let him work.. He said his arm still doesn't feel right 
@TheRockwell idk where to send it  *pouts* *shrugs shoulders*
@LimaBeantheGrey  I remember when my boys were young they ate turkey necks.  now with fewer teeth, no turkey necks 
@mike122019: my legs hurt so bad! 
My shoulders are soooo tight 
lost full use of legs...i have a cane now  *grumble grumble!
legs hurt, tired, goodnight 
@beeerenda its ok. i think i overdid it. i have sharp pains in my legs now 
Limbs: Killing me.  Why can't they just cooperate so I can make the tentacles?
@lukeradl (I love 140 characters) i would go barefoot more but i'm still healing from the removing of my calluses on my big toes  one more
@meganlabarge make sure she has her swimmies, you know the arm floats, i would die if she couldn't come to work because her lungs filled 
cannot fall asleep  sitting in my bed, with the burning laptop on my legs, cutting off my circulation to my feet. i need to sleep.
My arms are hurting sooooo bad 
in all seriousness though, does anyone know what could be causing my legs to hurt so fucking much? awful pain in knees + ankles. help 
The frosts are biting my toes 
my shoulders hurt so bad.. i'm literally placing a 'Salonpas' on my shoulders.. 
@andrewpycroft it's not your fault! i don't care anywayy i'll get over it. hope your knees are okayyy 
...they don't ever really leave your hips?!?!  I wish I knew!  
I think my arms are going to fall off 
My hips hurt. it makes me feel very old. 
knees is slightly sore... 
legs hurt though 
But... But... I really like my appendages @SkinFaceMcGee! I don't want to part with any of them, 
My neck and back are killing me and I thought sleeping on my comfy new couch would help but it didn't it all still hurts badly 
my legs sting splinters from a broken skateboard 
Like I always say, you don't appreciate your toes until you're pretty sure one is broken 
@nanajimmie // that's what I did. I've broken other toes before sadly 
my arms are sore from the push-ups 
@YkA1 except for my knees I skinned them up when I fell. 
Oh my goodness! I was just looking at my toes and they are crooked! I will never be able to wear my havianas again 
is ready to cut off her legs. I am SOOoOoOOo over it. 
My legs hurt 
I really want to go to yoga, but my legs are so sore I can't move 
Ugh my ankles are swollen and throbbing 
@wrestlingaddict But huge Thighs are better for choke holds with your legs  #bookieb
I wish i would just land in his arms, zac efrons arms. I love you 
at kellys hahahhahahahha i have psoraisis. not really. but im itchy and i want to chop my arms and legs off.   sl;dfkjajkl;sdfjkl;sdf
I have sore muscles... 
i feel like i have a 20 pound metal ball attached to my spine 
So I'm waxing my legs and its not working 
@brainopera haha how low under the table do I hv to go to find one? They probably cost a couple of limbs too? 
I'll turn right into your arms&lt;3 i want to so badly... But if i turn right i hit my wall... Where are you? 
@thepurplehippo two thumbs up!! or should it be paws? i wish i could see it 
ahhh, itchy little bumps all over my arms! make it stop. 
My legs hurt 
Just hit my toes on the bannister again just as my toes were recovering from last time 
@dannychoo More like an arm and two legs for my car insurance! 
why are the bones in my thighs sore? 
A really bad body ache. shoulders,neck,arms,legs. can't work tomorrow. 
my legs ache 
Auch my neck muscles.. 
my arms! huhuhu! they hurt! I should have used the washing machine 
misses her old head, and her old face, and her old fingers, and her old legs. 
My legs are itchy 
hates wearing HEELS.  my legs are aching! 
Sevens are so freaking comfortable but I wish they made a short size  damn asian legs
am feeling very fat.  working tmr and my legs hurt with all those squats.
@jamielizz too bad he's paralized from the waist down 
I think my chair is telling me I do too much chair dancing.  One of the arm spindles just broke 
my shoulders are burnt  painnnnnnn
all this jogging has finally caught up to me, my legs and feet are in pain 
Waxing legs = painful  my legs are red now lol 
just been on the wii fit was good  but my legs are hurting now 
All my muscles ache after fixing the terrace 
My thighs are so freakin soar!! 
@shashashaa I just surprisingly have narrow hips and sometimes they bug me 
so here i am getting ready at yasmins.. and im all ready to go.. and yasmins dog attacks me and makes my legs bleed 
got a menengitis (don't care about spelling -.-) shot 2day.... not that bad but now my arm muscles hurt 
All my V-necks are ruined!  The collars are all messed up, too much washing?  I guess so.  They're more like U-necks now 
off to sleep.. shameful there isn't any arms waiting for me, that i could fall asleep in 
My legs sore 
My muscles are very sore 
Thunderstorms make my knees hurt 
@morgansp12 lol xD I don't like if it hurts my legs. 
@calebonner my ankles hurt too 
My arms are about to fall off with all these push ups i have been doing....lol 
I don't like the trendy arm on my couch, you can't lean on it 
ugh. i'm sore ALL over, from my waist down. 
Peeling shoulders... yuck. 
 still walking... wish i knew what was wrong with me... now my throat is dry and my legs are numb
@kellbell68 lmfao that was funny but I was hoping you would use your arms but I guess not 
My legs are sore 
Morning .. I feel shite, got some serious blisters on my knuckles from boxing.. So painfull 
honey on the moon. my legs are worn out.    and i have to start studyingggg but i don't want toooooooooo!
says my legs are aching so badddddd.  http://plurk.com/p/12eomq
My legs are sore 
@cupcakemafia Pants falling off your hips? What is your secret?!  I have opposite problem: pinchy waist 
I don't want to get up and I don't like mosquitos  They just about ate my legs.
Just shaved my legs but then got goosebumps now they feel stubbley  x
oh i forgot about the lobster legs 
my hips hurt so bad I'm on the verge of tears 
My muscles are sore 
my arms have been chris brown'd 
Man my wrists are getting sore, I'm so not used to shooting without a grip/1-series bodies anymore  #imustbegettingold #wantmassage
@julesey1 Sadly i have to get off my own backside to fill up 
I don't like finding bruises on my legs 
I'm trying to type correctly, but my arms are getting tired -  - no more wrists on the desk...
@morphogenesis Aww, dammit, where is he right now and why are you apart?  I hope he will be back in your arms soon!!
Oh just to inform you, I have 6 new bruises on my legs! Yayy 
@meimeisan8 Prolly a little above my shoulders. I have split ends guurrll 
my pedals cut the hell out of my legs. 
My legs are sunburned and now it hurts to move 
My legs are sooo sore  I hope I can sleep the soreness away..now I'm hobbling like an old lady! Lol
ugh my room is soooo hot and my legs feel like lead 
@fstop23 wait, pics of legs and feet? @remarx better not have given the rights to photograph her shoes to someone else 
i gots the jimmy legs. 
my legs and feet hurt so bad 
I have really bad cramp in my legs and i have to walk to work soon 
I have cold toes. 
I just want to be in her arms 
I want my hips done. 
gahhh, really sore knees  why!
@DoubleA17 This bitch is scratching my luscious legs 
Bahh my arms so sore. I shouldnt have slept on the floor 
My shoulders are still sunburnt. It hurts to raise my arms. 
's legs feel like lead 
i have my little toes the size balloons.. theyre all swollen and blistery and i just wore flat pumps! 
i can't see my toes 
my palms are sweaty ... this is going down to the wire. I don't like that  #PakCricket
been out for a walk....legs r hurting nah...  
Maternity pants, btw. They were fine just a few weeks ago and are only tight in the legs. 
My legs look even worse now  but no worries....i will soon get my tan!! I hope...lol
Just finished playing footie for 90mins ('play' = run up and down a pitch). Now my big toes have been swapped for two huge blisters 
@pipes714 i had yoga last nite, feeln v stretched and at 1 with the earth or something lol tush still not as tight as hips 
doing 2 day fast to shed a few extra pounds before pics on wednesday, still worked out and my butt,legs,core and abs are not happy w/me 
why is it that everytime i turn right i can never seem to find your arms  
Trying to tune in to thebridge but my laptop is on its last legs 
i wish i was a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts 
@caaaroliine nah, white one with three legs, was old and couldn't see. 
i need some black v-necks.. idk where to gooo! 
i need a pedicure but the bruises on my legs &amp; feet say no way.. it'd hurt too much 
@univheights75 @gooster i need rogaine on my legs. my friends keep laughing at my non-hairy legs 
I have an awful sunburn on my legs and arms. Hurts like hell. 
Ugh my arm muscles hurt for some unknown reason. its and and painful to even unhook my bra. 
its so hot, my arm is burnt 
ahhh my shoulders r sore. I can't do the backstroke 
@tonibyrnes just left, we did handstands but I can't do them  I'm all itchy from fly bites
ah my shoulders are burnt.   ouch.
ahh  my legss huuuurt. &amp; now my arms are ='(
All these boys have thighs the size of my arms 
@GameShifta @ThaNexKevinG *crosses arms* 
@TimeOutMom Shoeslaces on new running shoes were loose, causing blisters on my toes. 
My toes are colddd. 
My body sores especially my legs  just want my bed..few more hours..
is going to bed to attempt to sleep .. although that may be hard because 1) its toooo freaking hot 2) my legs hurt so much  cheer me up?
Trying to sleep but my legs are twitching and I can't stop moving them  .
And my butt is getting bigger my thighs are huge 
My arm is itching like crazy! i swear i will bite both of my arms off! 
@Jenreynolds25 The one on my neck but my butt muscles hurt too  I think I pulled a few muscles.
I just stung my arm on stinging nettles 
@lynnbryn Lol those wobblers take a while to get used to. when I started in the gym a couple of months back. my legs hated the treadmill 
@daniwdeleon same here, + unusually tired limbs. 
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/8d09f - awwwwwwwwwwwww that is so beautiful. I just need to be in his arms tonight 
my legs itch from this chair.. i miss my bed 
I hope I'm not too hot going out in jeans :s I feel fat when I look @tracecyrus his legs are skinnier than mine  lol
my arms really aching 
@LizAdams_ liz i have lobster shoulders so i have to cover my arms in foundation and i have made a mess of my nails for prom 
getting overly sweaty palms 
Driving on the motorway in midday sun has given me &quot;driving arm&quot;. I'm not keen on one arm being browner than the other 
My legs and abs are so sore...not good for walking around hershey all day 
Still has aching muscles 
is really really sore ugh  legs are sore needs a massage.
@jemmahatty You promised us no aneamic breasts 
nooo, i thought i had no sunburn but found some on my neck and legs  
 i got rug burns on my knees, slammed my chest into the arm of the chair, and even got rug burn on my left hand.
My knees hurt 
i think i sunburnt my knees. 
my legs r sore from riding!!! 
new bad habit: picking at the skin on my upper arms, I am bleeding 
hooray for exercise!! my legs finally stopped hurting at random intervals... guess the muscles were starting to atrophy... doing good 
@PDXsays sweaty palms - 'nuff said. 
@behemothdan Woot  I got shoulders tooooo!
@judyrey and wings, or at least some velocity 
@josiejacobs upside down hearts on my calves, so when my legs are in the air they're right side up 
@MaryBethune And I'm happy to be in your arms, love. 
@bradiewebbstack aww *passes bradies legs a tissue* dont cry wegs! 
@caryslouise *squeaky voice* i love you too wifey, your welcome and i promise that my next event will be the bees legs 
@obnoxiotheclown 2 or 4 wheels on that penis extension? 
is at the bus stop with sophie and stick legs  sunnnytimessss 
@befuddle My legs are outdoors! as far as my wireless will stretch 
@pipsytip They come to your knees 
Heaven69 is playing with her toes!! 
@loveforbears with bungee string tied to your legs before that fall 
@alexiaaa well i shake my fist at you 
support ...to write love on her arms 
now i taste like all those frozen strawberries i used to chill your bruising knees. 
trying to think of something other than mid-day pillow talk &amp; being wrapped in his arms and legs...this smile is starting to hurt my face 
2 hours of jogging ... cant feel my legs ... but dam i feel good 
my puppy is jumping around on her back legs to the radio active album 
@dknutson Today is abs AND legs day, so you know my pain. 
Just showered and shaved my legs! I love the feeling of new shaved legs 
@BeautyChick101 I guess they refuse to believe that my hips will never be made for a zero 
to write love on her arms!(L)      
@chrissycakes84 ; im so jealous of your legs! i want them. now  thx.
@spalldo i has interpald you once more  bruises on legs? oh but that is a very mysterious mystery! it must be solved at once!oh i'm good
watching when whales had legs 
@pattidigh ah, the exuberance and resilience of young legs...  
ouch, burnt legs, face and arms but the aber 7's was awesome.....rucking lovelies 
@julesabell carry a few kilos of water on your head in a pot - I don't think those women have any probs with weak necks 
@elibrody why.. just continue.. i'll keep sitting with crossed legs  
dont look at my toes... put shoes on, then painted big toe! 
@dannywood I thimk you were working on those muscles we love so much. 
I'm suffering from restless legs and butt syndrome. 
lolll undies+great legs+roof= amusing and cute 
I look pretty good from the knees down! 
I took pictures of my legs to see if they would look good in shorts... random 
@ascuteaskittens I woke up with sheepy in my arms  &lt;3
@rinkjustice glad to stick my oar in. 
Oh my god I cant feel my legs my arms, im in after gym pain!!! been for a swim though. 
@Torieeeeeee you should go get your nipples pierced too 
@avengelynne On your knees #3hotwords Right away, mistress 
@kirstiealley I saw a nurse at the hospital yesterday who was ripped! She was beautiful with great arms &amp; a tiny waist. She inspired me! 
@vinaypahlajani progeny  also there ! legs wide open ! what risk 
I love you in my arms he sayssss 
@Briitt_x Aw yeaaaaaa my legs kill to maaan 
@Synwpn um you still have leg and arm hairs 
my spine and limbs are all weak from the yoga. zzz time to unwind with archie 
just got soaked from head to toe. knees to elbows, arms  to feet! good times 
26 mins, legs are so tired today, looking forward to my warm up 
@colddrake So not fair!  I have the muscles, just not a bendy enough back!
@ableandhow  i'm in, now hand me an oar
Thanks guys - I'm out! Finally fed. I've damaged one of the muscles in my chest - it'll be a few weeks before I'm all better. No panic 
has smoothy smooth legs  
drumming on my knees is fun 
@hahakseth brit does the whole routine awkwardly in heels- it's a lot of arms. 
legs feel soo much better after taking two tylenol extra strength, stretching, and relaxing 
@transcribe i dont pull legs.. I mean it, you are very inspirational you know 
turn right,into my arms 
finally, done with workout, my arms are now sore 
@girlwithnoname We are going to get along great. You have abs of steel and I have abs of flab! 
@p0kiri legs are an aspect, it also accentuates the hips.. numerous other things too  @just_reva @Spitphyre @badavarascal @textualoffender
@katiesusette exactly. No one really needs skin on their toes. 
@baggers *tildy arms* 
@atomicpoet haha... tail between the legs, ya? 
