Most common words for this cluster:
[('leno', 247), ('jay', 198), ('show', 164), ('tonight', 122), ('conan', 67), ('night', 36), ('miss', 22), ('i', 21), ('time', 19), ('episode', 17), ('na', 16), ('letterman', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Leno', 0.7798866033554077), (u'Jay_Leno', 0.699407696723938), (u'Tonight_Show', 0.6557154655456543), (u"Conan_O'brien", 0.643152117729187), (u'Letterman', 0.633867621421814), (u'Conan_O_Brien', 0.6181709170341492), (u'Leno_Letterman', 0.6147312521934509), (u'Jay_Leno_airs_weeknights', 0.6142158508300781), (u'Jimmy_Kimmel', 0.6096800565719604), (u'Conan_Tonight_Show', 0.6093749403953552)]





watching Jay Leno. Should be out partying though... fucking problems 
This is the final month of Jay Leno as host of The Tonight Show. It will be strange without him 
Oh dear jesus just renew Chuck already! C'MON NBC stop being so mean  #chuck #savechuck
NBC fall lineup: http://www.nbc.com/upcoming-shows/ Nothing on Chuck. 
HEY! why cant i watch @rustyrockts on Leno on the website? Says i cant view from my current location... 
HEY! why cant i watch @rustyrockets on Leno on the website? Says i cant view from my current location... 
@dazzleme18 so he missed the exclusive airtime w/ Leno  Btw, where's the pic of him w/ papz?
@chrisabernathy No! I watched Kimmel. If I had known I would have watched Letterman. 
did i mention i am going to miss Jay Leno 
I will miss Jay Leno  until he returns. He is great!!!!
Only 2 days left of Jay Leno. 
Jay Leno is leaving the showwww!? 
Doesn't want Jay Leno to go 
Jay Leno only has one more day. Sad. 
Watching Jay Leno. His last week. 
Watching Jay Leno - his last week 
Jay Leno's last show... the end of an era! First Johnny, now this! 
Watching Jay Leno  Gotta tune in since tomorrow is his last night on the Tonight Show. lmao @ e-whoremony
LOL! i'm totally going to miss  Jay Leno!   can't believe his last show is tomorrow....
Billy Crystal/Jay Leno talking about Twitter right now!  Going to miss Jay.  
kind of sad 2 c Jay Leno's last few days as tonight show host...one more show  ;
Man! Billy Crystal is looking old (on Jay Leno Show).  one more niht of jay 
Jay Leno leaving soon ... not a fan of his replacement; no more tonight show for me 
I'm gonna miss Jay Leno. I can't believe tomorrow is his last show 
Today was Jay Leno's last night on the tonight show...teardrop. Its the end of an ERA!! 
Just watched Prince on Leno tonight show, his second to last EVER tonight show, Tomorrow is his Iast show 
Reality has struck.  Jay Leno only had two more shows left with The Tonight Show. 
Watching Late Night with Jay Leno - just 1 night left 
Waiting for Jay Leno to start. Tomorrow night's his last show 
Leno's last show was tonight.  I like him better than Conan.
Watching Leno for the second to last time on the Tonight Show 
Only one more day of Jay Leno  que sad!
Jay Leno has one more show left as the host of The Tonight Show 
Watching Jay Leno's 2nd last Tonight show   I haven't gone a day without Leno in like four yearss.
Can you believe it:Tomorrow Night will be Jay Leno's last episode of the Tonight Show  I encourage everyone to watch it and welcome Conan.
I've been up late this week watching Jay Leno. Tonight is his last show  But now he'll move up to 10pm not sure if the material will bsame
@JayLenoTonight  Jay I'm so sad its your last night on the show Its my last night watching it too I can't watch Conan  see you at 10 pm
Tonight the last night of Jay Leno!!!  am gonna cry like a baby!!
Last Tonight Show with Jay Leno Tonight! 
Watch Jay Leno tonite!!!  It's his last day as the Tonight Show Host 
Tonight is the last Jay Leno late nigt show 
Leno's last show tonight. 
Jay Leno's LAST NIGHT..Jay, you will be missed 
now its raining in PHL and more delays in the flight schedule - bummed that I will be missing Jay Leno's last tonight's show today... 
just drove by NBC's Burbank lot and the line for Leno is wrapped around the building.  Longest I've ever seen. Leno's last show 
is Jay Leno's last show tonight 
Why must Jay Leno leave his own show 
@eyethinq  Leno no question I've been to both shows live and watch Leno every night but Conan doesnt do it for me and won't end of an era 
Last ever Tonight Show With Jay Leno tonight  
Watching The Wrestler, in hopes of finishing in time for Jay Leno's Tonight Show finale! I cannot eat popcorn, it's killing my gums. 
Farewell Jay Leno. 
Jay Lenos last night hosting The Tonight Show  the guy taking over Conan O'Brien is a guest!
is upset he'll miss Jay Leno's last Tonight Show tonight cuz he'll still be at work 
Getting Ready to watch the final Jay Leno going to miss him on the Tonight Show! 
don't forget everyone tonight is Leno's lastnight on The Tonight Show 
I'm gonna miss the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. 
Tonight is Jay Leno&quot;s  last night !!!!!!  I &lt;3 love U Jay !!!!
@jimmyfallon I'm not sure I'll watch Leno tonight. I can't believe he's leaving The Tonight Show... 
The last episode of Jay Leno 
Jay Leno's final show 
saying farewell to Leno tonight  then BEACHHH tomorrow!
About to watch the last Leno Tonight Show.  
yeah i am sad for him 17 years of non stop witty chap, plus un-willingly attachment makes me sad as well  @msInga: Jay Leno's final show 
I'm about to watch the final episode of The Tonight Show With Jay Leno. and my phone's off until 3ish tomorrow 
is sad about Jay Leno's last night...guess i gotta make the switch to Primetime 
Almost time for Leno's last show!  
bout to watch the last Leno show 
Gettin ready to watch Jay Leno's final show  i'll miss The Tonight Show!
Feeling accomplished. Wrote a blog post and some more of my summer movie preview for July. Jay Leno's last night! 
@Calderon08 I used to watch Letterman than Conan. I'm going to have a problem now... 
Getting ready to watch Jay Leno's last show. 
So sad that tonight is the last night of Jay Leno hosting the Tonight Show 
watching Jay Leno's last show. I'm getting sad 
Watching Jay Leno's last show.. he shall be missed 
is watching Jay Leno host The Tonight Show for the last time 
 Jay Leno's last show
Watching Jay Leno make his grand exit tonight. 
watching the last episode of Jay Leno 
Watching the last episode of &quot;The Tonight Show with Jay Leno&quot; 
Watching Jay Leno's last show  im sad!
Watching Jay Leno's last show. How sad.. 
Watching the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno  Sad day...
watching Jay Leno's last show 
Leno's last night  I think I can hear my heart breaking...
Jay Leno says goodbye to &quot;The Tonight Show 
Watching Jay Leno's final Tonight Show 
Waching Leno for the last time ever at 11:30pm. 
Watching Jay Leno's last show. 
Jay Leno for the last time. 
Last episode of The Tonight with Jay Leno  good luck Conan, ill still be watchin Leno in the fall in primetime!
Last Jay Leno on the tonight show. Sad. 
Watching the last Jay hosted Tonight Show. I'm gonna cry for sure when all is said and done 
watching the last show of Jay Leno  but i no Conan's gonna be great
Leno's last show. I'm gonna miss the outdoor concert series 
Watching the Tonight Show with Jay Leno for the last time.  I'm glad Conan is coming back soon though.
Watching the last Tonight Show w/ Leno. It's sad.  Conan had better not disappoint us.
I'm watching Jay Leno's last show! Thats so sad!  He's one of my favorite comedians. I'm going to miss you Jay Leno!!
Watching the last of Leno   Conan will never rival his wit, charm, and hair.
Awww...Jay Leno looks sooo sad that this is his last Tonight Show...   Why couldn't the networks leave well enough alone!
Watching Leno's last show!! I don't want Leno to go to primetime!!  
Watching Jay Leno's last Tonight Show EVER...   sad day. Conan is terrible.
watchin Leno's last Tonight Show 
Now I'm watching The Tonight Show. Jay Leno's last show. 
Liked Carson, liked Leno, never cared for Conan... Oh well, it really is the end of an era on the Tonight Show.  
Watching Leno's last night.   It's gonna be my 1st Leno-less summer since I started watching the show 7 years ago.
Nuggets lost  ...but now watching the last Leno, I'm so ready for the Tonight Show with Conan!
Can't believe this is Jay Leno's show 
Just watched Jay Leno's final Tonight Show. I won't lie... it was sad  Best of luck, Jay!
last episode of Jay Leno. was okay. expected more..  
http://twitpic.com/68jxn Watchin Leno...been on since I was 7... 
Awww Leno!!! I dont wanna see him go!  I know he's not technically &quot;leaving&quot;, but he's the best at the Tonight Show! *sniff*
Aww, it's Jay Leno's last The Tonight Show. 
I'm getting sleepy but I want to stay up to watch Jay Leno...it's his last show so sad 
I love Jay Leno - thank god he's coming back at 10 from this fall - i;d be so sad whe he retires  #jayleno
Watching the last time Jay Leno host the tonight show 
@oboymikee - I've been a Tonight Show fan since I was a kid. Jay was a great choice to take over for Johnny. Conan is not a good host.   
@iheartimprov u feel like ass? Haha xD. Tell him 2 buzzy offy cuz u gots a visitor. Lol. Agh! Jay Leno is gone 
last show of the Tonight Show with Jay Leno....    Im not gonna watch Conan
i will miss Jay Leno   &amp; i do not like that other guy   so so sad  ::::::
dinner time I am starving !! I love U l jay Leno 
Oh wow, forgot tonight was the last Jay Leno show 
Missing Jay Leno already. 
Oh no I missed the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  I kind of wanted to watch even though I don't usually. I forgot today was Friday.
Bye-bye to Jay Leno at the Tonight show. 17 years, man... Stepping down's gotta be hard. 
Jay Leno's last show 
Watching the last episode of Jay Leno 
Sad to say bye to Jay Leno   But lovin' Fallon!! SO awesome to see the Roots every night!! Freestylin' baby!
Bye Jay Leno!  I hope Conan can fill your shoes! I don't want Letterman to win.
I missed the last episode of Jay Leno!!!!  oh well...i guess i'll watch it online tomorrow...Tonight Show will not be the same...
watching the last Leno episode 
I love you, Conan, but the Tonight Show won't be the same w/o Jay Leno!    Good luck 2 u both in your new endeavors!  Nite, Tweeps!
I really liked Jay Leno I am sad to see him off the Tonight Show. 
ohhh and uh, goodbye Leno  hello Conan 
Leno time is near  I love U Leno !!!!!  Ill miss U !!! #jayleno #nbc #thetonightshow
I hate sleeping because I hate how I feel when I wake up. I'm also kinda upset that Jay is gone off of TV now. I don't like Conan. 
ok Leno time is here 
I can't believe today is the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  Conan seems pretty funny.
Last Episode Of The Tonight Show With Jay Leno... 
Watching the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno. My late nights will never be the same 
Awww...the last Tonight Show with Jay Leno 
watching Leno's last &quot;tonight show&quot; right now 
Watching the last Leno was so sad 
Jay Leno's last night on the Tonight Show   #tonightshow
watching the last episode of Jay Leno  my favorite talk show at night. No one can replace Jay Jay
Watching the final Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  Sad!!! 
Dang, just doesn't seem right to go for 3 whole months without Jay Leno after tonight. 
watching Leno host The Tonight Show for the last time.  
Watching Jay Leno's last show on the Tonight Show! 
My favorite part of the Tonight Show w/ Jay Leno is Jaywalking! Loved it! Will miss it! 
I am going to miss Jay Leno.  Work starts at 11 and  I don't have cable at home so I can't see him at 10.  
Going 2 watch the final Jay Leno episode.....so sad.  I already missed part of it.   
is watching Jay Leno's last show... 
Watching Jay Leno's last show.  
Watching the Jay Leno Show... It's his final show today 
Watching the last Tonight Show   w/ Jay Leno!!!   
OMG, I'm so sad, Jay  Leno just said his last goodbye. 
Jay Leno is saying his final monologue 
Is sad to see Jay Leno leave the Tonight Show 
Sad.  Jay Leno's last show.  Welling up.  
So sad! the end of Jay Leno hosting the tonight show, such a sap, I cried! 
Watching the last Jay Leno 
I'm gonna miss Jay Leno hosting the Tonight Show! 
Watched Jay Leno say goodbye to the Tonight Show  A little sad. Well, goodnight to you, sweet dreams.
Just watched the final Jay Leno Tonight Show  We'll miss him!
good night twiggas. i missed Jay Leno's party today 
how did I miss Leno's last show?  I so need to youtube this later.
 Missed Jay Leno's last day on Late Night
im really bummed i missed the last episode of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno 
I missed Leno's last show.... booooo 
goodnight Jay Leno.... for the last time 
Watched Jay Leno tonight.  I was sad for him.  Conan at  least acted humble so I may try watching him now.  
.. gonna miss Jay Leno  .. he just was THE best for the Tonoght Show ..
:  Watching Jay Leno's last Tonight Show.  I am going to miss him.  
BTW - I was really sad about Jay Leno ending tonight. He's always been my favorite host.  Good luck to him at his new time!
No Jay Leno from now on in the Tonight Show. Am so sad. 
Why does all good things come to an end! The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is history now. 
Am gonna miss J Leno on TheTonight Show!  I welcome Conan whom I find an enjoyable hoot, but there's somethin endearing about J. Oh well!
*Sigh*   Leno had his last show last night. How sad to see him go.    Conan will be great though, he's awesome as well.
Jay Leno's Tonight Show will be missed - last show was a great one &amp; made you know why he's #1 - he went out in style - Ugg Yuck Conan   
# Leno @J_Sizzle25 *Sigh* Leno had his last show last night. How sad to see him go.  Conan will be great though, he's awesome as well.
The tonight show won't be as funny. Goodbye Jay Leno 
watching Leno's last show 
Thanks for the laughs, Jay Leno! Jaywalking will be greatly missed... 
What will I do w/o Jay Leno until September? 
I will miss Jay Leno terribly 
@RachellehcaR I am so bummed about Leno going toooooo!! 
Goodbye, Jay Leno! I'll miss you! 
Last Jay Leno episode was good, can't wait for Conan to take over this coming monday. In other news, Go Pens. 
YAY that last night's episode of The Tonight Show, Leno's final one hosting, is online already cause I missed it!  But yay time to watch.
I can't believe Jay Leno is not hosting the tonight show anymore 
I'm going to miss Jay Leno on The Tonight Show. 
saw the Jay Leno show 
I also can't believe that Jay Leno is stepping down from the Tonight Show  that's CRAZY
Sad that it's Jay Leno's last week at the Tonight Show. Jay Leno, Connan O'Brian is not 
I miss Jay Leno already 
Just saw Jay Leno on Jimmy Kimmel live! I can't believe Jay Leno actually retired. 
THE LAST EVER Tonight Show with Jay Leno is on 10:30 Tonight, @ComedyChannel ... if only i had @ComedyChannel 
I'm sad Jay Leno's not gonna be on  Atleast Conan O'Brien is coming back YaY
I'm going to Miss Jay Leno sooooooo much 
Watching the last Tonight's Show with Jay Leno hosting. Im going to miss watching him 
@meghangee ew wat? U should b sad too there's no more Leno on the Tonight show 
i'm going 2 miss Jay Leno soooo much  but i do like Conan so we'll see how he does tonight
 I want Jay Leno!!!!!
No more Leno on Tonight show.  Gonna have to find something else to watch or just go to sleep early. Gonna miss #Leno he's awesome!
Conan better be good on the Tonite show,but he still won't be Jay 
speaking of Conan.. i'm so Mad i missed the last Jay Leno last friday 
10 minutes in to NBC late night and I am missing Leno already 
@b_renee Leno is gone they are only having re runs now 
Misses Leno...Conan sucks monkey butts. 
My love of the Cosby Show makes me feel like I should stay up &amp; watch Bill on Letterman. It might make me sad to see him so old, though 
Just judging the first few minutes, Conan on The Tonight Show is the death knell for David Letterman... and I love David Letterman 
I miss Jay Leno already.... 
@JazE5 @b_renee  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is not the same without Jay Leno... I guess I can't watch nemore  LOL
Am i the only person who thinks Conan O'Brien isn't the least bit funny? Its so sad Leno left the Tonight Show. Only one i ever watched 
watching the new late night show...I want you back Jay Leno 
Not too impressed with the new Tonight Show--missing Leno already 
@Eagle1bud I thought it was just me. I just can't stand him. His childish antics are ridiculous. Conan's not 25 any more. I miss Leno 
Fair well to Jay Leno from the Tonight Show. Your humor and personality will be missed 
well, after tonight i truly miss Jay Leno  how long til September???
Listening to NBC Nightly News and chatting with some friends. I wish I could've watched Conan's first Tonight Show.  I love Conan.
Conan O'Brien was pretty hilarious but I still miss Jay Leno 
I really hope Conan O'Brien will be hilarious tonight...cause I'm hella down...I really miss my best friend... 
I miss the Tonight Show with Jay Leno... 
Hated Conan - where is Jay Leno 
Hates Conan - where is Jay Leno 
I missed Conan O'Brien 
Well after watching the first 20 minutes of the Tonight Show with Conan O' Brien I must say that he hasn't impress me at all! I miss Leno 
I wanted to finish watching the Tonight Show w/ Conan O'Brien but I got sleepy  so night ppl
Conan O'Brien takes over The Tonight Show!!! I will miss my friend Jay   http://tinyurl.com/mb6hz2
@alroker Conan did pretty good, beautiful new set, but will take some getting used to without Jay 
watching youtube clips of Jay Leno's last show. I live in a bubble, I didn't realize that happened, I am a bit saddened about it. 
As much as I love Conan O'Brien, I really wish the trending topic was about barbarians. 
Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien last night was pretty dang good. Andy Richter was kind of bugging me though 
Bummed that Conan didn't record last night. I had it set to record the season, but I guess the Leno to Conan switch messed that up. 
I really miss Jay Leno as the host of The Tonight Show 
will be torn for years to come with David Letterman &amp; Conan on at the same time. 
Tom Hanks just got knocked over w/ a potatoe like object on The Tonight Show w/ Conan. Wow! Funny but I miss Jay. 
Come back Jay Leno 
Conan's comedy comes from himself, while Fallon's comes from the content his guests provide. Fallon had the better guests tonight, tho 
transition is the prob bet Conan &amp; Leno.  Carson &amp; Leno had mentalists El Mouldo &amp; Beyondo/Mr.Brain. Conan is simply Conan 1hr earlier 
Downloading Conan's first episode in the Tonight Show... I miss Conan! No more JackTV in Sky Cable... 
I wonder if I'm the only one who misses Jay Leno. Conan is funny, but I really really miss Jay 
I wonder if I'm the only one who misses Jay Leno. Conan is funny, but I really really miss Jay  http://bit.ly/47FODw
Wow, Ryan Seacrest. I didn't know you were such an ass hole  - what do you think of this, Conan?
In the year two thousaaaaaand! Conan O'Brien no hizo el bailecillo ayer en el programa...decepcionante 
I miss Jay Leno &amp; his crew  the tonight show is very broing without him 
half-assed apology by Letterman 
Wondering if I'll make it to Letterman to see if my fam are on tv...wish someone was around to keep me awake 
I miss Jay Leno's monologues &amp; headlines 
I suddenly realized after the game was over that I was missing @leilarahimi but by the time I changed channels, Conan O'Brien was on. 
going to watch Conan, Jay Leno how Ive  missed U 
I have been a fan for years. I bought the t-shirt. I've even been to the show. But, I am officially weary of D. Letterman's act. 
There is no excuse for David Letterman, that was not a sincere apology to Palin or young women of the world. He is ALL about his ratings 
I missed The Sounds on Letterman last night!  can I watch it online?
@thesounds I missed Letterman last night.  is it going to be online? I really wanted to see it.
@thesounds is the Letterman performane gonna be online? I missed it by accident  im not having pizza and its kinda hard but not really.
@RealPaulRudd , nice interview On Letterman!! I love your personality, charm and  sense of humor... 
Ellen Degeneress twitters! I was watch Leno last night and that's all they talked about. 
Jay Leno is cool. But why does he mouth his jokes after he says them? Hmm, oh well. It must work 'cos he's famous and rich. 
Watching Arsenio Hall on Jay Leno &amp; then drifting away to a peaceful sleep. Ahhh 
Tonight's SNL does not dissapoint. LOL 
@rustyrockets on Jay Leno then Intervention marathon with cookies and cream ice cream 
@Wossy Night time here ... trying to stay awake to watch @rustyrockets on Leno 
NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season. I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy
@bizymare I saw a clip of Jay Leno the other night and that was his 
NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy (via @mashable)
NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy (via @mashable) yessss
NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy (via @mashable)
NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy (via @mashable) YES!!
NBC is bringing back &quot;Chuck&quot; for a 3rd season.  I know a few people who'll be pleased  - http://bit.ly/n4zuy (via @mashable)
Kris Allen on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. 
Colbert, Leno, Fallon, and next week Conan! Late night tv is awesome 
Watching the 2nd to last Tonight Show with Jay Leno.Conan's going to warm that seat up for me 
Pearl Jam scheduled as musical guest for june 1st premiere of &quot;The Tonight show with Conan O' Brien&quot;   
watching Prince on Leno 
Enjoying the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Then time for Jimmy Fallon and some sleep.  It was actually a rather good day. 
