Most common words for this cluster:
[('life', 447), ('mileycyrus', 16), ('story', 16), ('lessons', 16), ('days', 10), ('haha', 8), ('time', 8), ('http', 7), ('lol', 7), ('job', 6), ('com', 6), ('lives', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'life', 0.9883286952972412), (u'lives', 0.6079705953598022), (u'chiseled_burnished_refined', 0.5863654613494873), (u'Shanda_Interaction_enriches', 0.5584009289741516), (u'Interaction_enriches_your', 0.5426908135414124), (u'Fayaz_Wani_reports', 0.5163207054138184), (u'Kennier', 0.5035454034805298), (u'woman_Elizabeth_Hulette', 0.5004569292068481), (u'Her_Blanche_Devereaux', 0.4865627884864807), (u'joys_sorrows', 0.48639121651649475)]





Death is peaceful,  life however, bites 
yay unemployment!  I hate my life.
@Ishme3t these are the mysteries of life 
I hate my life. Why does school exist in my life. 3 days......... 
clearly going to hae no socila life from now on   xxx
relay 4 life was soooooo fun, i am so sunburnt 
is going to have to make the biggest decision ever. and both will ruin my life 
I'm waiting for the dailies to reset. What a sad life I live 
@LouiseBrig sorry, just life.  shouldn't publicise my feelings but sometimes can't help it.
@Maester it's sad but it's true how society says your life is already over 
to-do lists are the bane of my life right now. they seem to have taken a life of their own, and are completely derailing mine. 
needing some advice in life? and what to do with it? 
Headaches rule my life... ugh 
Why is life at some parts so hard?  I could cry right now..
@ErikVeland yes  life ambitions shattered....
@thegayblades I could not for the life of me find that tent! I was bummed. I wanted to see you 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what's kind of life this is? 
every time i watch &quot;taking 5&quot; i wish my life was like that in real life. it only half is 
@EmmRyann Lol, life! I need to develop a life plan but I have no idea where to start 
i think the single life is for me. but i sure could use someone in my life. i think it would take me away from so much worry..... 
@jkabiling Where have you been all my life (semester)! 
http://www.sugarstacks.com/ ready for your life to be destroyed? STARBUCKS 
losting apart of my life 
I need a new outlook on life!!! 
i'm the only 1 who haven't learnt the lessons of life properly 
@wicked12 I saw your texts, I just didn't have enough battery life to respond 
I wish dreams weren't better than real life 
packing up the last four years of my life 
i hate my life i have to buy a new board 
A minute ago i was content with life..now im not! 
starting to hate life. ugh! i need a miracle 
Physics is ruining my life 
@flyerdendanext when are u going to make tacos again  I need them in my life
tucked safely in bed, but missing two key parts of my life. 
What do you do when you're 15 and are scared of the future? I don't know how to control my life or what to do with it... 
I hate it when I want advice so bad but then I want them to shut up as soon as they start speaking  I wish life came with a manual.
@aussielocust I'm sorry. I forgot your life cycle was so short. 
i feel like death  my life and i are slowly crumbling.
@nindrew You need a better outlook on life! 
has possibly set a new record for the most boring life 
: life is all about waiting  (tears)  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/uenmc
@abtony me here only.. tweeting has become slow caz work and personal life is eating up my online life 
Revision is ending my life. GAAAAAH 
this is going to be the longest 2 months of my life so far 
Is rethinking some very important life changing decisions she has made in her life lately 
wow that was possibly the worst exam in my life!!!! 
My inbox seems to have taken on a life of it's own 
is learning to live life in second place.... f*** my life 
it is always sunny on days when i can't possible be outside.  life is out to get me
@postsecret had a life changing redhead - she got away 
always excited for a new chapter in my life. just didnt expect it to be so emotional. 
@goliix story of my life 
getting dinner ready not much going on in my life it seems 
Two months ago, my life ended, even though it still goes on. 
 i hate songs that will NEVER be my life.
why do parents have to totally fuck your life up ? 
@MsJuicy313  I sowwwwyyyy!!! I thought you had to work! So rather than have my life fried by your rejection, I didn't ask!
Doing chat conference,,ngomongin kerjaan... speaking of having no life 
Packing up my life and moving downtown. I hate moving and I hate packing 
y cant relationships be easy but then again thats life 
when it all falls apart - the veronicas..... my life right now 
@MissSabrinaSin wow fun haha. a life of a working girl 
sometimes have crying,sad  and also sometimes have milling  all are mixed with a life what you spend everyday
@hyperstrudel life is boring now that rep's over 
I need to start playing again. my life is sad w/ out it 
So happy brian is having the time of his life. I just wish i was with him 
Is loving her laid back life right now... dreading to go back. 
92 following 29 followers gosh i need a life 
says 'I realized lately that I'm living a life with no definite direction.'  http://plurk.com/p/x7hhg
@anniethrax I'm sadly going to rockfest  and I don't like any of the bands. I hate life
doing homeowrk for the rest of my life 
my allergies are fucking taking over my life ! 
why do i feel sick? why do i feel my life will never be happy. two things in my life would make me happy. i have neither. 
Allergies are fucking up my life 
exactly. see, i've turned for the worse since i dont have u in my life 24/7 now 
enjoying the grounded life... sleeping until forever. One more recital  
Thinking about how much my life has changed these past few months 
I miss my com,wasting my life away online 
you went like a candle. so full of life, next minute you were dead. 
i feel like there's this subconscious pressure on my life right now... no me gusta 
right now life is so boring.... i just wish prince charming would come along 
I think it's safe to say I'm going to be single for the rest of my life 
I need some cool artwork in my life, I wish I could draw 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.. life is NOT good all the time!!!!!! 
I need a new job and a new life 
@Phenobarb  I'm so sorry for your loss - from that entry, it sounds as if she/he had a really good life with you. *hug*
my life just changed completely for the worse 
last song of life and cooking is playing.. I dont want it to stop 
i hope i made the right decision, life is so tough right now 
@MarissaOhhyeah story of my life 
My sinuses are ruining my life    I might have them removed.
@msingcalifornia F our lives. 
@S_sS not in the films though  in real life he is PHWOAR-worthy.
i need to make choices in life 
@Skybane81 It's more of a half life 
Reality is finally sinking in...life isnt what i thought it would be 
Fallout 3 is killing my sex life  (via #zenjar )
@legaufre story of my life as of late 
@ahlovely we lead such sad lives 
@johnnypseudonym That the story of my life 
@fenizzle And to solve all those mysteries  Such a life I wish to have!
@kieranwelch they didn't call me cute either... *dies* my life is blegh. 
@defyamras horribleeee. What a waste of my life 
why does life have to be filled with so much confusion? 
need a new cell as mine is on life support. 
twilight ruins my life.  real life can never match up to that.
@ktoint83 me too, they just seem so young for such a life changing decision 
This may be one of the worst days if my life 
so scared about wednesdsay's exam. I've literally never been so unprepared in my life 
@HenTeam   That's the history of my life 
@christianeee I am disgusted. That also makes me rather dissapointed in human life 
@imafilthyyouth whhhahah that's life! haha that's why i'm getting fatter and fattterr!! 
I ruin too many lives  some christian i am 
I hate my life. :/ But l love him soo much.  lt kills me.
I miss the days when i had @caitlynnn in my life 
my life is NOT pure 
having no life besides work is not cool. i want to come back to school  it is the dream life!
I need peace in my life, 
all my life, I've lived for loving you. let me go now! 
@sawwaa but our life depends on it!!!!! 
Feeling so overwhelmed with my life that I can't stop my tears even if I tried! I wish I had someone who could logically look at my life! 
@kuswanto lol living a-coffee-limited life, just like me 
had tofu for lunchie and dinner. this life is not worth livinggggg 
starting my new batch of lonely life... 
never been this hurt in my life (U)   
Awww another chapter in my life that closes!   http://twitpic.com/6hrra
is at a dangerous piont in her life 
Missing one of the most important men in my life 
Why must fins1613 runi my life so? 
Why must fins1613 ruin my life so? 
My life is unreal. I never want to leave australia 
Also, how depressing, my mum has a better social life than me 
I miss my unlimited online life 
@Dialpex I only recently got it when my contact expired and I am absolutely loving it. But... the battery life has been kind of sucky 
What a life wasting away in a cubicle 
@mitten79 --sigh-- story of my life 
Ahh mid-teen-life crisis currently happening 
wunders wen life will strt improving including love life 
my life is in danger I feel that!!! 
however, my real-life hairstylist is going to real-life kill me when she sees how unreal my hair has become. sorry, angi 
This episode feels like my life right now!!! 
have too changes in my life 
Battling an epic guardian. I need a life. 
@marcthom sadly I am marking tests, I have no life 
i need a shoulder now.. i really feel like leaving here and go somewhere else. i'm starting to hate my life and find it meaningless. 
@FrankdeGracia maybe i am.  i apologize to the marine life.
Just when I thought my life couldn't get more stressful... I'm angry and scared and disappointed all at the same time 
@LIfeeRoxs ... i have a life :'(  But i dont have a comeback 
Just got my last molar out!!... really hating life right now! 
so this is life... 7 stitches laterrr. 
A small bird flew into my car while driving. I have had this happen now 4 times in my life. I felt sad &amp; cried that I took this life. 
I hate men but I cant live without them. I hate life like this 
i'm exhausted. i still haven't slept... it's like the story of my life 
Why is life really hard? it mkaes you choose really hard desions, and sometimes you have too take a risk 
Only 30 mins of laptop life left 
i'm tired of missing out on my life. i want to be everywhere all at once. 
@phatfffat that picture scared the life out of me 
just wants to live th high life and not be stuck doing a typical normal job all my life 
It's raining and I've got race for life 
sleep consumes too much of my life 
@lilylauren I'm probably going to stop now. It's depressing me how much damage you've caused to my life and wellbeing. 
I am leading a routing boring life ... 
lost the meaning of his life ! 
life in bed is lonely without your pup. but mine is afraid of me. 
life is pretty grim these days.... 
@hirjul I am studying too.... my life is becoming a chain of exams 
I'm off now tweeters I need to think and dream about my life and see how I can sort it out!! 
roughest weekend of my life. that car accident scarred me for life 
Carebear doesn't have much life left in her 
I have been learning life lessons and such this summer! :/ And I realized life is short! 
was watching a movie and missed the opening of the tonys. my life is over. 
@LovePeaceHappi unfortunately life is based of $$  -- I hate it!!! I'd love to learn, explore, and enrich my life, but in order to do that
@Xfilespoker I like that -- I've been trying to live my life like that -- too bad too much of what I want requires $$ 
i need some penis in my life! 
@beautyeditor The bloat is killing my life right now  at least I hope it's bloat.... lol....
I need a girl, the single life aint for me 
@rtaylor281 My life currently consists of searching for a job with no avail  how about you, how's life?
life offline is hard.... 
@organdonor4life  I know the feeling...I've had too many of those these last 2 years  
@feliciaday alas /tags don't work in real life 
sometimes I wonder how life would be if me and my dad talked. if he was der in my everyday life. 
long weekend.. time to get back to real life but i'm not ready 
I lost my life, can't find my cell 
why must my life turn to shit so quickly 
gave the worst exam of her life!!! 
@singing_is_life family issues.. 
Not rly sure how you can say you think about me all the time but still be almost completely absent from my life 
@ManthaAlexandra I'm so bored. At least your tweets make it sound like you have somewhat of a life... unlike me  LOL
@SoulfulJunie have been actin real funny after she got this job and jus deleted me out of her life 
@Jennjennx3 Of course it does  i wish life was easier :/
@MyDetention how very unfortunate our chosen path in life is 
Really?!?! Because this is so typical of my life  I need to be with my best friend ..
Computer is still sick and I think it's on life support now 
my life has only one color ....... grey 
Why is my life so f***ed up?!  man I hate life right now  x
@china8978 not my life not me life 
Studying for French for the rest of my life 
Right when you think life couldn't get any worse...you find out some not so happy news that could be life changing 
been told to have a nice life by the person u like 
@Mariahsol well you know I always try to be understanding of your hardships. 'Dito, life can be so hard 
I just had the worst haircut of my life 
@msva so many tweets no life. so sad 
wtf @mikeziemer has stopped following me... now my life has no meaning 
I need to face it..I'm destined to be miserable for the rest of my life 
transcribing is the bane of my life 
watching my-so called life... I wished life was like television 
Next : college life... 
Ugh block exams make me feel sad, I suck. So much that if I got a report card for life, I would get an E. I fail at life lol 
@fruityalexia I'm glad we have such a positive impact on your life 
Is it impossible for me to be ALWAYS with him for the rest of my life? 
I can NOT figure out this puzzle to save my life 
hoped she had recorded the great memories in her life. 
@seanmb I'm enjoying my G1 like, but the battery life is awful, then again what can they do without changing the hardware? 
@RealTrophyWife story of my life 
@MDMOLINARI lover. Why have you disappeared from my life 
Ricks leaving me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate my life, I'm going to be so alone!     but I'll always do it better !
Seriously scared for my life. I don't like living alone in storms like these! 
@yecal262 how did this become my life??? 
Man fuck my life!! I hate thiiiissss!!!!! 
@jswo Wow,  that's pretty cool that you had/have them in your life for as long as u did. I know I missed out on that bond 
my life is boring... at the minute neway!! 
@robbid i was sacred for my life. When i fell there was a car coming right at me  ~AresEros~
@suebrody1 I wish I could drop life and move to a bigger city 
No signs of life yet 
@ikepigott The story of my life. 
@AubMill  go to bed. you'll feel better. dream of me and our future life together being married.
Everything is about to change, my life will never be the same. 
headed to sleep... story of my life  gnite world....
@organdon4life No she said I just a playboy! 
A-'s ruin my life, no 4.0.  
whOa!college life is so tiresome 
need an apprenticeship and don't get one. what a life 
working on this thesis wow.... my life is exciting  
the hardest goodbye of my life 
@lazzurs have you been researching my sex life? 
@nickjonas  ive never tried red bull (N) which now means i have no life. Lmaoo !
I thought I could take risk in life... 
woo that was a terrible storm we had just now  i was scared for my life
@promotingyou I hope so...I need some vitamin D in my life 
Those 67 days were the best of my life, now they're gone. 
cause my life would suck without you!! 
@juntender what u doing up so early? I miss the island life 
When you have a jealous sister, it's difficult to live your life happily 
I miss my sister!  And I also miss a life without responsibilities. 
@_bosslady ...WHY must you NEVER post status changes on here!  I'm suppose to stalk your life lol
@homoshiroi That's the story of my life. 
trying to eat while you're upset is a bad life decision. i feel gross 
@ddlovato you promised to come back  aw it was nice seeing you in real life though ! haha
she's living the life. i want that life  http://bit.ly/Zkzsn
back to my normal life again... mom's coming 
y is life so boring these days??   skool on mondaii!!! 
is really sick of life's unfairness   R.I.P.my happiness
Sucking at life slash life is failing me 
Feeling like my whole life's a lie... 
ommm what a fail at life. 
It looks even worse in real life  http://yfrog.com/0zp5zj
male life giver does not understand!!!! 
Loves everyone in her life... and is sad when they're sad. 
@mileycyrus story of my life 
Working for the rest of my life 
@KellyRuthxo transformers 2 so bad!  sea life thursaday yayyy. I haven't seen you and @jessierosexo for too long!
says when i've been fed up with these monotone life !  http://plurk.com/p/12e5qe
I thought I'd be finally able to love my life once I had a job and an apartment on my own, but it seems that I was wrong about that ... 
 hope that wouldn't happen in real life
Says in the past 5 days my life has changed.  i am so down.
@Eldernas fuck off. I miss that life style 
@xojbloverx0 i know. f our lives 
Teaching maddie the ropes of life before she leaves me 
i just realized i hit 1000 updates already (this one makes 1013). damn i have no life 
@optiv_flatworms think of the battery life though 
The navy is indirectly ruining my life. 
Liiiiiive life. No regrets  . Ah can't sleeep. ToO much to think about
@alithered77 story of my life. too many websites.  why can't there just be on giant skypermyface.
@MadiPees i know!! but no  i can't put a good outfit together to save my life.
@KoreyMadness my life is not a lie 
@MagicsIzzy my life is falling apart 
life is really short. so you guys must live to the fullest. just enjoy every minute of your life  my friend I'll be missing you so much!
@Firefly2020 So sorry to hear about losing your little girly   14 years with no illness ...she must have had a wonderful life with you !
cigarette, then cleaning! wow my life is soooo interesting 
@ddlovato , demi when will enter my life and make it shine 
sad.... bad....more cigarettes .... lonely life..... OMg!!!  ......... BYe
@mileycyrus because you are brilliant you're everything a model to follow, in another life i like see you, since in this it is impossible 
@nicehayley where have you been all my life? I haven't seen you in 2 days!!!! 
slightly annoyed at my best friend for not letting me have a life outside of him  
@thisisryanross  life story
@kristy dude you and i are living the same life...in different cities  #lame
longest shift ever in life 
This life is turning out to be more than what its worth 
all i want to do is curl up and dissapear, why can't my personal life, ever stay personal 
my life's good spirit is gone.......... 
Vacation makes me sad. I miss real life 
prepaing life insurance... It's orally creepy me out 
@muerto4life I didn't get to see the movie 
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yey i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you, miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you, miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yey i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you, miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you, miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
@mileycyrus you saved my life. you taught me life lessons. yet i've still never met you/gotten a reply  i love you miley
why there is some person that's so unfair? Or should I say that life is so unfair? 
i wish life wasnt so filled with tears here and there 
@tobias_182 miss you shitface  totally have the swine. hows life?
my life has officially gone fallen into pieces. 
Feeling bad for my friend who is not happy with life right now...  
is going out tonight.. and doesn't know what to wear!  here are the dilemma's of life.
I'm pissed. I can't for the life of me sleep. I just want sleep and quiet. Dreams too. 
Sims 3 is taking over my life 
life-changing decisions 
I can't believe this happened. it's like a nightmare that I'm never going to wake up from. But its life and I have to deal with that.... 
Watching the secret life and it stopped working 
@keyannaaa the new story of your life will include magic fountain with me 
@harlequinxgirl always look on the bright side of life do do, do do do do do do 
@juliekoh It's an internet term, but it's spilled over into common use, in real life 
@nonafairuz and he planned to bond you together with him, haha what a life 
I am seeing life through a new light........ and I like it!!!!!!!!!! 
@AmyElk life is very nice! really enjoying job and can't complain about personal life  how about you?
Oh, life, you're such a riot. And I'm loving it. 
@southernsage LOL. We do that in our dreams. It seems to be frowned upon in real life. 
@sparkica well there's always next life  unless i reincarnate as an earthworm.
is so ready to move into my apartment and start my own life 
this is definitely one of the best days of my life!! 
@everhines we question your life's status hourly. get used to it. 
@SophieMerkley haha i totally just saw you. and you seem like a pretty fun person. i wish i knew you in real life. 
my life is sooo headed to a positive direction 
It's nice to start getting some direction in my life again 
Contemplating the meaning of life 
so how r u all? and hows life? share it with me 
loving life in australia. 
@davefmv I have the best taste in music in life. yeahh pretty much was  have you slept?
@FrancyStar real life 
@nikkithebrat it's like your life depends on it right 
i was fine until 7:05 when you walked out the door and right out of my life. 
@bkmacdaddy well I don't have a dad in my life, so I appreciate it! and you don't have to be old to give good advice either 
@simonschusterUK It's fun when fictional characters acquire a life of their own. 
preparing for one of the most important interviews of my life 
@cgjerdetu - In real life, you don't redirect your domain to another before you are sure 
there's only two paths to take in life... drunktweet or not to. 
is pretty sure she was a haircutter in her previous life.. 
Weeked..the time of my life 
This is the purpose of my life. 
Thinking about how liberating it is to weed out all of the junk in my life!  
@cocolee117 I am ur fan who is making a dissertation now. The life is so busy but you are my support in my life. 
I'm installing redmine on my server so I can organize my life.  
@TheRealTMR good enough for you to risk our lives by texting and eating C-F-A while driving 
neverr let someonee over-ESTiMATE their ( importance ) in your life 
@joebrooksmusic walk of life 
@Bytorsnowdog Haha. I mean I know my life is terribly exciting, but I didn't think it warrented helicopters 
life's a climb,but the views great 
my heart is free! now off to start living life 
should i make pizza or not? life is hard!! 
I think that music has an endless life.. 
Blakes song that he made with sarah just made my life 
I am unstoppable and create amazing results in every area of my life! 
@comeagainjen I like to think that if I knew you in real life (because twitter isn't real life), you and I would be good friends 
Neglecting the boy, apparently... I'm outro, for real life 
@thereisaseason It's fun to see that glimpse of your life 
hey life, i love you!   (translation: i love life!)
@fedgrub  dull life was on the soundtrack of one of my favourite showss
@junebugshhh life is funny and ironic at the same time isn't it? 
@Hollydey24 i wish i had tips on how to start a new life. i'm still trying to figure it out myself. i'm glad you are ok 
i need more excitement in my life. 
you know. tracks that will change your life 
themirror can lie doesn't show you what's inside and itit can tellyou you're full of life,itsamazing what youcan hide justby putting on a 
Just demo'd the last 6 months of my life to @JaduCMS, they seemed happy 
@bitstupid I guess I win (in a bad sense) because I've forgotten who's hated me thruout my life!  *conveniently forgets the bad*
@echothirteen I used to do it a little, but anymore I figure they need my life changing insights. 
thinking on how life is to short... &amp; we should enjoy every minute... 
Disclamer: I do somewhat support #stemcellresearch if it will save lives 
@m_callahan haha you belong with me is the story of my life too 
reading all the followies twits!! lobing life.! 
@rum4life I hope you managed to tune in 
haha. i love life.  i'll just keep loving life until it hits me that i don't have any concerts soon. rofl.
looking back over my life, i can say with joy that I am happy there are somethings I just didn't do... 
@mainebabyboomer no all is right with the world...i'm more than happy to live the life of a soon-to-be homeowner!! 
is happy to start a new life after college, but remembering the past is truly the best 
@josephranseth when you wake up not for yourself anymore. when you breathe for others. when you know their life can also be worth it. 
@kirsty_gilfo story of my life 
is thinking life is a fabulous ride and glad to be on it. 
I'm starting to think that if I knew @ddlovato in real life she would be a really great person. 
@realangiejolie i can imagine how busy you must be. i'm somewhat busy/relaxing myself, just here and there, still enjoys life though! 
@diva4less it'll be okay, you gave her the best life she could have!  that's what really matters.. &lt;3
@CarmenBracamont It's ALL about living life in the present 
is loving my random life 
@taylorswift13 I am too!!! Haha it's so annoying!  Nocturnals for life! 
@vrthejas maga A BIT of my life got published 
thinking of a life as a star 
: still waiting with hope, what a wonderful life i had 
is planning a brand new life 
coffee, love of my life 
i think i am finally ready for the next chapter of my life 
life's a climb, but the views great. 
Utterly exhausted, but ready for the next phase in life 
You've got a piece of me, and honestly, my life would suck without you 
@crusaderz4life That's the only way to enjoy life 
More daimoku needed. I've decided on a life reform 
second shot at second life 
grocery shopping - damn my life is exciting 
#followfriday great follows and light up the variety in life  @Pembsdave @ceggs @Annhesketh @Moochergirl
