Most common words for this cluster:
[('life', 1967), ('time', 89), ('day', 86), ('love', 80), ('lol', 74), ('sucks', 73), ('things', 72), ('way', 57), ('today', 54), ('u', 49), ('im', 48), ('people', 44)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'life', 0.8827985525131226), (u'chiseled_burnished_refined', 0.6473302245140076), (u'Shanda_Interaction_enriches', 0.6441321969032288), (u'unconditional_Cam_Newton', 0.6326673626899719), (u'Kennier', 0.6135584115982056), (u'daytime_sheath_dresses', 0.6081133484840393), (u"Why_couldn'tI", 0.6033325791358948), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.5986987948417664), (u"I'ma_late_bloomer", 0.5951349139213562), (u'woman_Elizabeth_Hulette', 0.5875570774078369)]





just woke up from the most vivid, sketchy, not-cool dreams of my life. time to stare at the wall with the lights on. 
i am so screwed up! a confused and dumb child!  i NEVER felt so bad all my life! i wish i have any specialty! too bad i have none ='(
isn't feeling well, still don't get why people say they're pregnancy is the most beautifull time of they're life 
stuff finding a small enough picture i will jsut have to be this weird face for the rest of my twitter life  lol
just missed one of the most important parties in my highschool life 
When I think of all the unsavory things I've done in my life, the most guilt comes from waking a kid for school..seems soooo cruel. 
is super tired and really wants to go to bed but i have so much h/w to do......omg uni drains my life 
Now I hurt my shoulder again.  When will my life stop sucking?
Why did I go to bed so late last night?! Uuughhhh.... F my life. I'm off to work 
I hope your happy with your love life because it just makes me cry 
I current;y hate FriendBlastPro... it's being dumb... And making my life harder 
can't believe the crap that's on the radio. i need @thewoodyshow in my life 
mom's pissed... i don't think i get a life today... woo 
@theannarose ive never been so sad in my life  lets go back and get her!!
screw life!  i'm hot btw
@theu4life219 cool! thank you thank you 
@beeerit Maybe I'll try reading it over the summer... seeing as I won't have a life cause I have to work two jobs 
on washighton ext watching drag races! intense life i live. doug lives june 10th 
totally need the toilet. got told my ben and jerrys failed at life 
i just almost made the biggest booboo of my life. 
@SmrtCookie I love it more..although I feel bad thinkin about how my life will change  No more parties or late nights
so. homework takes up 3/4ths of my life 
back from canada  ugh. i lost my kitty. i hate life!
Oh heyy lotr marathon!!  so difficult. The two towers or a new hope? Crucial life desicions.
exactly I dont want to think about tomorrow...so sad  I guess the best things in life are temporary #asot400 asot400
Loving life.....hubs missing out being indoors! 
i wish things were the way they were 10 years ago! .. life was easy when u were 12 !   
nevermind being a life guard. I don't have 130 Dollars for the classes 
god, i need to get a life... a new low adding twitter to the endless list of ways to avoid work... 
This has been one of the best and worst days of my life...had the time of my life during morning...since 5...blah 
just woke up...sick  i am hating my life atm...
I got called by an ex's name for the second time in my life 
@TonyJ101 yeah he said it was affecting his personal life 
Is very sad right now  i hate life!
can't believe i got the landmark thucydides new and hardbound for $18; wtf. also obvs am discovering love for old stuff late in life 
stuck it out for relay for life as long as I could, sad to be missing out thoug 
@timalmond On so many things that effect everyday life they are all singing from the same hymn book, alas 
Wondering why life has to be so god damn hard  would give anything to be debt free...
@justinewalshe not meaning to sound boring but just life hard at the moment. 
studying again...   gosh, my whole life is about human anatomy... when will my &quot;real&quot; life start again???
@yusnizam dreading monday.. haih..what a life if your paycheck is depending on others 
Wow losing a life on a basic enemy and not a boss is the ultimate shame 
so much to do  hate life sometimes.... wish I can be on holiday everyday!
i still can't believe you left my life before i got kiss your lips 
@Anitta_ I'm so far away too, am sad  haha but well! the life is short! fun!
@BrookeElyse I have officially finished, my life has no meaning anymore, not one single thing to look forward to 
So tired, I don't like go back to my normal life 
i am heartbroken and now i have lost the love of my life  i cant believe this even happened
is up.....everyday it gets later and later 
@xLittleMissTuki me too.i mean i love her in when a stranger calls but she has gotta get OUt of Joes life 
@moonfrye probably THE love of my life..l just need him to open his eyes 
Only in from work, don't think i'v ever been this tired in my life....only got 20mins sleep last nite 
@littledotty aggro should be included in my middle name; it follows me wherever i go  life, work, uni its everywhere
ughhhh why does my life have to looks like this http://i44.tinypic.com/59vkat.jpg right now. @j_tine   One more exam and one more paperrr
laundry is did.  now grocery shopping.  i lead such an exciting life.    good thing riding my bike keeps me from blowing my head off.
@mmitchelldaviss awwh I was too busy having no life to ask a question 
The way life works is crazy and i just want to sleep right now but i have to go back to work t 3 
@abstractions I didn't meet my bby  I hate my life omg
lol wtf!! mm city life lol. im pretty sure i have gall stones!!! 
When life hands you lemons make lemonade....yeah right, if only it were that simple! Wheres ddub with his positivity when I need him 
off to school!  oh how I hate my life
I just wrote the most useless essay I have ever seen in my whole life. teacher, please don't fail me. 
@b4k4n3k0 if it's late and im on the computer it just means life hasn't gotten any less pathetic for me during that day 
life sucks and then you die god damn it. 
@wolfidy i need a clone to help me manage life, or maybe an upgrade to replace the lame me 
@meganlucy life just isn't fair sometimes is it?! Driving me insane sitting inside 
@Modser I'll do so this week, now i'm stuck at the lab trying to get back to my adult life, and missing my pooh pillow 
@amara_m because life hates us all 
i'm having an allergic reaction, otherwise it's a yeast infection or std. what is my life 
too much to do... I hate getting sick. life turns into a backed up sewer 
Sometimes, I wish my life was not complicated like now... I have no clue what I gonna do 
@Sugadoll now I'm tired after  a night full of thoughts... if life could be easier.... 
connection, please dear, make my life easier 
thats was the fastest shower of my life, somebody kept turning on the water and it was going cold 
I'm going through the biggest break up of my life!! 3 years together- I got to be strong 
I'm kind of wondering why I signed up for this thingy... I must be bored with life.. how sad.. 
@officialtila I'll be going to live under a rock now, since I'm not in this loop of videos  I hate life
@crusaderz4life The way they're doing this, I still have 2 hrs to go   They won't let me take the speed course 
At work... Seems to be the story of my life... Really feel bad... 
@antairgames Of course, we all know the app approval process isn't fair. That's life. 
@gracielovee D: whyy fuck my life? 
Another night alone bored in my dorm..... And to think i once had a fun life 
@AlexaRPD 10 years without direct sunlight until she is 20? I feel sorry for her social life and for her bones. I've known kids like that 
@4everBrandy i know that i couldnt say im ur biggest fan because i cant prove it. but brandy you inspire my entire life.please write back 
so I have come to the realization that I've entered my adult life &amp; stopped growing... I'm gonna be 5&quot;2 for the rest of my life 
a big chance school won't be opened on monday...  I want to see him though. Why is fate and life so cruel to me?
hating my life missing dustin   
Today could possibly change the rest of my life, cool? So nervous. 
definately the hardest night of my life 
life is crapy... i'm going to me alone on my birthday... i want to do something 
My life is so dull sometimes 
i really hate my fake family now! please gimme a little space for my own life 
@sfkpinstripe sweet. holidays rock... enjoy while you can. all too quickly they're gone  sava the flava of life i say...
relay for life was fun, untill a storm came and we had to leave 
is currently watching wolverine, and still trying how to get the love of his life back 
@mhstoltz as someone who loves that life I say empathetically, that SUCKS! I'm sorry.  
sitting here wallowing in the empty shell that is my life 
@neiko34 I hate life right now  only cause in bed sweating and shit then back n forth 2 bathroom ...and that's all I'm gonna say
Never wanted to go home this bad in my entire life. I love it here but hate that its my only option. I miss nj 
@cazling need my address...to stalk me ? ;) i am working on ur drawing...but i suck @ life. 
Where the fuck is everyone in the chat??? I guess I'm the only one without a life.... 
hm.. if only we can rewind life 
annnd so starts war of the roses part eleventy billion.  how do you walk away from the love of your life?
Grapefruit is confusing.it's delicious and at the same time, the taste makes you hate life. 
What lovley things we can discover in life...no 
I hate my life!!! - i read all the twilight books, i have the worst grandma ever and i have a history test and sort off geography as well 
glorious day and im stuck inside writing my dissertation and finalising my other essay gah! life sucks majorily at the moment 
@brightondoll fail  I just want it so I can have super cool Transformers befriend me. I think that would be sufficient action in my life!
@johncmayer  ok...hopeless even to bother and seek help,please someone tell me, in my life it's really a jail,,,anywhere but home 
@nickjoekevin01 i dont know  + i was screaming for help  saw my life flash before me :o x
One thing a life of computers has made me forget, how to write neatly its such a mess 
Working till about 630 then scrapbooking my life away 
@stephenfry at least you're not a saints fan. life is painful for us. 
@ShakedOz what do u mean 'your old life'? what happend? 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what kind of life this is? 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what kind of life this is?  (via @maGziiexoLovely)
I need a life's supply of water and a few asprin. 
in this life there's no such thing as a fairytale or a happy ending!!!!!!    
I dont no what to sayy... my life is plain 
misses his phone more than life 
Nothing is marked off my list  I have the worst migraine of my life.
@deercreekbogart  I told my son this, now I'm sure he'll check thoroughly in the grass b4 mowing, prolly for his whole life.
I need to marry well and live a life of leisure! I am so over work 
I'm worried.  my life sucks so bad.
@nanaIStrouble A great fone, with horrible battery life. 
waiting on the outcome of my poor car  Apparently it was a gymnast in a previous life....
@leighanneh12 oh sorry  I forgot you had such a busy life of groming  cats and flipping of children.
my whole life ive wanted to be a superhero, you know that? sadly some dreams can never come true 
@rhea_ann you won't tell anyone why you hate your life right now, though.  I can't sympathize if I don't know what I'm sympathizing for!
I'm getting older. I've been breaking out in pimples the last few days  I've never had acne problems in my life.
writing this dumb essay .. then doing something else for another essay.. then studying. wow i REALLY have a life today 
Joys in life that don't last  long enough...A set of little hands rubbing his fathers back. 
man, i've never been so confused in my life...tryin 2 figure some things out, b4 it's too late 
@EDDIEKLIVE visiting life in other countries but be awfuly amazin, and beautifully devine, too bad i have a geographical phobia! 
@leetmarie I don't even drink everyday! I'm not an alcoholic 
@joeymcintyre Why does work have to get in the way of my life?  I sooo wish I could be there..boo 
@jimmixtiago Sometimes people don't follow their dreams because life put's them into situations where it is impossible to do so.  
#deefamouss whats new with you babes its been a while  i dont know you anymore life style of the rich and famouss i guess 
lives in switzerland and ...it rains :S      it's soo boring now
@Spitphyre I have 200 pages to go and am hooked.. he goes away from her life?? nooo 
tweetland sorry for all those negative tweets... bad of me. phone is totally gone. I will HAVE to get a new one like now.  such as life.
@craigend There are some things in life that truely scare me..... that being one of them 
Just woke up! That was probs 1 of the worst sleeps I've EVER had in my entire life 
If u have ever been rejected in your life(haha have'nt we all) take heart..at least it was'nt a public affair  http://bit.ly/zjn4e
I feel like actually doing something in gym today but I forgot a shirt   mei life sucks :/
fed up with this life  I want bigger an better things, I know where I'm going, I just don't know how to get there
You never really realize how much of an impact someone has on your daily life until all their stuff is packed and they are gone. 
My bum is not lovin life right now 
is it just me or is life getting more n more happening towards d end of ma deg? and i cant participate in the happenings 
Oh no, now I have twistie dust in my bed  what a sad sad life I lead
im so sad  the life is so complicated . i'll be with you allways .
Thinking about this whole  f....ing life 
I'm off now..talk to you all tomorrow..*sigh* It's a sad life. 
not satisfied with the way my life is goin 
Just seen the saddest thing.! Makes me realize i take life for granted.! 
fuckkkkkk my life. tonight is already not turning out well.  I can see a very crappy ending.
Sicker than shit....I hate my life for real 
@sammy_ammy_ooh forrr real.  It makes life seem slower
@rexbarrett only the love of my life!!! 
how can you be happy and sad at the same time new parts of my life are good but it just feels like the others im just barely holding on 
it was a really good movie...but just made me wish things were still like that in my life 
i am starving and have nothing to eat. ugh my life 
@valuhreebee I  don't exist in your life anymore or what?? 
goddammit I fail at life 
Beauty of life and business, when it works it works like a clock, when screws up, it screws like a storm 
living a hard life where people surround you with drama. 
food tiem i believe. then tidy. then get ready. then study some more. man i miss my social life.  may 29th can't come fast enough. x
I find myself being a very boring person online.  I want to spice this up! What can I do to make life more interesting?
life is kinda futile. bunny died 
@tomeglenn my iphone game ideas are waiting me to code. There's not much leisure time in my life  How long have u been developed on it?
Is enjoying his last minutes of the free and easy life...will climb into transport vehicle and return to reality soon. 
5 days remain of teenage life. i hear you say make them exciting....all i can do is revise 
My boots are falling apart  just like my life.
About to get dressed and step out into the balancing act called life. LOL looks gorgeous out tho, the pollen is waiting for me.  LOL
@HennaHelen  im sorry. im a hammy lover. its dreadful seeing them coming to the end of their life
When life is tough, is it confirmation that you're on the upward road? Or is it confirmation that you should swtich paths? confused 
@Jazzled4life whaaaat!   This is why next time I have to be there too so you both will be forced to take crazy pics.  
i don't know what i'm doing twittering and twattering about nonsense at 0230   even borat had a more productive life!
@ddlovato jealous  i wish i was still growing. i'm stuck at 5'3&quot; for the rest of my life
i hoping i gets a life.. any will do as long as it has no assignments and redbull..  but im happy i have my man here with me..
one of the hardest moments oif my life today is 
This 1 mosquito is making my life miserable right now 
@JuicyAri lol... i want it everyday... but i dont get it... 
@xxxplizit That sucks, what's next to go ? fuck my life? 
laying in bed thinking about life and love...oh how i wish to be a kid again 
I am exhausted.  Why can't I sleep? I am not pondering any important life decisions.  This sucks.  
@edrafalko 14 years experience, and i couldn't even get a frigging callback.  my life sucks.
really now, i have no life ! hellooo  talk to mee pleasee, ugh i wish sleep was possible
starting to overthink everything in my life=  sad kitty
down on life. sweet. ugh. 
@patpreezy I think my eyeballs r scarred for life bcuz of that.. thanks  ........ NOTTT *borat voice*
@Nicsey  another un answered question in my life ;)
life is sad  what will i do tomorrow
My life feels jumbled up 
I hate life nd the ppl in mi life 
my computer catistropicly crashed and attemps to revive it have proven unsucessfull.  fuck my life  and i have a big final due tomorrow.
hate this life 
now im rocking out to &quot;you belong with me&quot; by taylorswift13 it basicly describes my life except mine hasnt had a happy ending 
now im rocking out to &quot;you belong with me&quot; by @taylorswift13 it basicly describes my life except mine hasnt had a happy ending 
where the fuck are we! its so dark and cold, with no life 
being a localite is such a disadvantage. you don't have life at all. screwed up in this travel 
wish she had never met a certain person, who is making life very 'blue' 4 her @ the moment 
sometimes...I think I am wasting my life being responsible and trying to be the 'mature and calm' one... why can't I be a bitch too??? 
Does anybody know were I can cross to another dimension? I hate 3/4 of my life. 
Why does life suck so much?! everything has just become so messed up 
@boesmith I see..  what do you think of the rest of it?  I can't do pushups to save my life and the yoga is hard.    I haven't been doing
life just aint going my way at the moment 
i wake up later then i intend to everyday... 
being a lameass and studying for my ed psych midterm while everyone is out partying  oh the life of being a student again.....
My life is a black hole that just never wants to end. It's just taking me deeper and deeper. I am losing my mind. 
now working. need money!! lol ah... i feel like shit...  life is bored ((
@ancientbruises tweet deck has been ruining my life lately. I miss tons of tweets. 
Sometimes there are people in life you have to let go of no matter how damn bad it hurts!  I just did what I had to do.  I'm not happy. 
@squishymatter I miss her too   I am sure she is busy with her business, life and twitter can be a distraction.
life sucks a bit more today 
everyday! i call that grrrrrrrrrrr! 
It's funny thinking about life and how it could have been. I could of had a kid 
its your life make it large! I believe in that, but forget sometimes 
@RhyseRichards No replies from the love of my life in 2 days. think i'm going to die 
Looks like the league's over, celtic couldn't score if our lives depended on it 
I cant bowl to save my life. The balls are heavy and the pins are to far away 
More to love a single person yet   following the life rs;
needs relationship advice for the first time in my life. ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh &quot;/ yahoo answers because i don't have real friends. 
okay worry is starting to settle in now  fuck you exams, get out of my life
why does my life suck so much?? 
@xjonnyx yeah totally fucking cancelled i'm so annoyed! claire'll actually be devvoddd!  life double ruined!
life's becum so boring,desperately need something to live for 
At work, this is fun    nothing worse in life than feeling like your being taken advantage of? http://myloc.me/12N7
Going put flowers on my cousin grave. One mistake cost him his life. And cost me a life time of guilt.  dayum hurts bad!!!!!
cont. then 2 take your own life by hanging yourself. . .  
@xxlucyappxx maybe they think we are not intelligent life. looking at some of the things us humans do ,can you blame them 
@messymishka we arent cyber ganga's lol we just hav very borin lives 
jarrel just wasted 10 minutes of my life scaring the shit out of me. 
I've never felt so disrespected in my whole life. 
@JamesDeen variety is the spice of life? i dunno 
Most traumatic night i have ever had in my life... I dont even know if I'll ever want to drive again or if i will.. 
I wish I could be laying with the love of my life. 
life sux real bad  and its not my falt ):
came back from the hospital. dad is still weak. life is just fragile. 
@jsegarrison Its good to talk to others in the same boat. Its all quite new to me, i've been finding the dramatic life change difficult! 
has probrably had one of the worst weekends of her life 
why did you have to come back into mai life &amp; haunt me &amp; mai memories  now this is were it gets confusing again!
NOOOOOOOO just found out I might have to join the rat race  damn u life!
my angel necklace was in my handbag  i hope he finds a good home, he was the prettiest thing in my life.
@FuchsiaStiletto I is fab, hoping you is too. Tried to make him stay another night, but, apparently, he actually has a life besides me 
@PluginID I'm sorry to hear that  I hope the day is a nice celebration of her life xo
everyone else has a more interesting life then me!  how sad
@ddlovato your so lucky to feel that way, I simply cannot there's just too much I want to do in my life and I know they'll never be done 
@eminem that ruined my life  all my life ice wanted to meet you and now that your having a show I can't because its super far :'(
loss of life brings a thousand regrets 
up....urgh my life sucks right now  
looking for jobs online. This is what the rest of my life is going to be like now :-S 
wish life could be one happy family.. but it never is     is in love with hello by take that 6th time in a row now lol
wants a milestone in her career life.  I need a career, not just a job. http://plurk.com/p/uk6x6
@marsherlin awh  i've only lost 1 of my 4 grandparents... but the pain is still unbearable. but it's all part and parcel of life :/
@isacullen harvey has let him self go nowadays  and its too weird to believe sabrina has 2 kids in real life now
@babygirlxo It's about time they start pushing body image issues on girls at a younger age, this way they'll be used to it later in life. 
made up her mind.. she's gonna forget her frustrations and focus on her other goals in life...  so hard to give it up but i need move on..
@IMLENDC There isn't enough of you in my life either my love! 
@KosMoney also need to have my oil changed... 5% oil life left. 
I've never Been so wet in my life 
I can't believe I've got such a bad luck with men. What have I done wrong in my past life???? 
@jackiedalia I know. life is a cruel bitch and doesn't want us to be together 
@djmoe713 lol my life is boring  i'm ALWAYS bored (sarcastic mf)lol
After a long  time of searching, I'm already feeling the vibe of the things I love to do in life. Then I realize, &quot;I'm turning 24&quot; 
god life really sucks sometimes 
I had the most mediocre sex of my life earlier this evening  #fail
After a long time of searching, I'm already feeling the vibe of the things I love to do in life. But suddenly I realize, &quot;I'm turning 24&quot; 
@ChampagneRDub story of my life, girl! I've always got insomnia 
I've just realised I have got enough money to last me the rest of my life! ...................... As long as I die in the next 20 minutes 
my life is in shambles  *tears*
wrestling with the duet cover of life! why wont it fit 
so little time so much to do. best way to describe my life now. 
sad  i wish i can go back for just a day and beg for my life :|
grrrrr life hates me. there is no tea 
But i don't wan't to waste 80mins of my life talking to you 
Sitting at work wishing like hell I could talk to the love of my life! 
working my life away today  wishing that everything will start getting better soon
My life is filled with a bottomless pit of expenses 
ugh...life sucks right now...   when am I gonna be able to be happy...to have something that matters...to be proud of...
My life is a rollercoaster. It goes up and down all the time. 
just wasted the biggest hour of my life doing some enterprise examm 
@davis1862 This is the kind of day that I really miss having a motorcycle! But the wife says that was part of my single life. 
Last peprally of the year... err actually prolly my life!  haha
I hate working at the hospital, saving lives gets old 
Pictures of everyday life spark memories &amp; certain things pull triggers in ur mind 
no sunsplash=no bueno, my life is way to hard 
life isnt fun anymore 
graveyard shift throughout the whole weekend. What a life 
Working on research paper cause life sucks. Haven't twittered in 2 days. 
right now I'm hating life because I need to hand this in and so much small stuff is going wrong. 
I'm so sick and tired of my own lame life. 
the sad part of life is that you outgrow relationships  and then no matter how much band aid you put on it, it is too late !
 crap day - feel sick and my phone has the battery life of, well, um, something with a miniscule life...
hates my life right now 
I hate that my life is being controlled by a stupid working schedule that someone else sets up for me . 
@supermarZ yes  serious dont think they love me anymore (story of my life)
I really never bought into nice guys finishing last. I believed what goes around comes around yet real life keeps proving me wrong 
i need someone to make my  internet life look pretty 
Missing that special guy in my life 
@phoenix_life it's a long story. 
@missthikness318  awwww but it'll neva b tha same...we all grown up now... bck then we had no responsibilities n life was so fun n easy!!
@christopherlin Sort of, but it's real life! Except that no one came up to me and asked me to slay any demons. 
you know what i just realized??..... my life sucks right now! 
i hit a deer tonight. :| probably scarred for life. yup...definitely scarred for life. R.I.P. deer. 
@cathysymaco i knowwww! ust everyday. haayyyyy 
really hates life right now...feels like crying 
@mrskutcher locking dumpsters...that is very sad  I remember some interesting stories from my grandmother about life in the '20's
i am doing nothing :B life's boring 
i just lost at ping pong with @jordanyup 20 to 21. i have never been so upset in my life 
life sucks... its nothing like the fairytales 
I really need for life to be as mindblowing as is what's actually in my mind. But I don't control this universe and it is what it is. 
@meghanwong don't think i can take a needle. watched a horribly gory short film on drugs a few months ago. i'm scarred for life. 
@melisamelisa haha you have a better life than most. we should go get drinks again soon. jury duty has been boring 
Its friday and i'm sick, story of my life... 
How sad is it that your best friend is so selfish and heartless that they exclude you from their life completely...I'm so sad 
Why do weddings on TV make me cry? Is it just my inner desire to be eternally happy and start the rest of my life?? 
So my life has come down to nothing more then making choices ill only regret later 
#bigfanfriday 2day, &amp; i go &amp; friggin loose 1, life sucks!! 
@quwanaisnotmynm no  the love of my life is. so i guess now im definately shooting for good
just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight, i bet.  my life is a misery.
i hate my life big time its sooo poop gode i ould cry 
@thewordaliveaz  I was SUPPOSED to be coming...life got in the way lol give my friends a wild time!!!
How can you guys lived in a city (paris)where u spend you entire life in the trafficjam...grrrr ...m' not used to it anymore 
why does my life suck? 
@shanajaca *huggles* I don't see all the replies right away, and my boss is hovering today. And I'm feeling pissy about life 
@APStylebook I know, but I need some things in my life to be constant 
nataliaflewell  hey all so bored and in pain .. anyway god is my love life ever screwd 
my life is sad..just had reminder go off on my phone to recharge toothbrush! 
I just cried whilst watching hollyoaks  .. i need a life! lol
@KourtneyKardash i hate this weather! When u have lived here ure whole life u get used to it...may is always rainy  @RobKardashian
life should be exciting today but someone very close to me has mardy bum and its starting to rub off on me!! 
what the fuck...ahaha i hate my life sometimes. why reply on only bad things  ..even if it wasn't bad and i was kidding but whatever! fml
I had a nightmare last night *cry* I think I am scarred for life! 
bored, everyone has a social life except me, and i'm babysitting my brothers tonight til 10 and i dunno if ill be allowed out after that 
I hate exam time. I want my life back  Also I want the ability to revise back - if I ever had that ability, that is.
@luuloo  im really sorry i know wallah how u feel this life is shittttttttt
@minneappler I'm all out of life preservers, sorry   But if it's any consolation, you're in for something really special tomorrow.
People who would rather watch a movie then go outside fail at life 
never does  anything good school and rabbit it my life cycle dunno how to tune a giutar so i am stuffed 
I hate life at the mo, it sucks 
Man, looking through and packing up my books is looking at my past lives. Feeling kind of sentimental 
fuck my life. 
@jackEO313 at first i thought bar life meant you were partying nonstop to catch up for the last 2 years...lol shoulda known better 
watching the rain and reminiscing about the time when everytime it rained I was with the love of my life.  
ugh!!! i hate my life! no one is hiring! *sigh* stupid economy.... stupid bush 
@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
wishing, i was at the michou show right now.. god. life isnt fair 
Struggling...selfishness and jealousy doesn't get you any further in life... ohh myyy 
@paaaulaaac me too  even my life is pretty good but i always say its shitty
thinking about life and my dreams. why does it seem so appealing to give up?  im so jealous of every band/artist who is living theirs out
@Lilayy same here. like i know there's people who have worse lives than me but i wish i could go back and change some aspects of my life 
I don't wanna be single the rest of my life 
My whole life has come to this......incredibly amazing 
thinking i cant handle my life like this anymore... almost seems as if suicides the answer... unfortunately.  
My life SUCKS 
@LexitronAvenue distinct lack of life. my sister has about 10 ppl in our basement, nd my boyfriends at work 
@ktbeeper @tenelilli @happylovesChuck ...when I'm speaking foreign languages but can't do other English accents to save my life.  
@CjMcFly05 pshh im def not a heartbreaker, lol. i know story of my life 
@PornStarFansite aw im sorry  I know how ya feel..the last 2 or 3 days of my life have been horrible but im finally feeling better.
@sarafredericks ruinin my life girl  well come to mass sometime and hang out
@haley312 i hate those commercials..that was my life for 2 years.cryin about shelter animals 
My life means nothing to my parents.  whatever
back from shopping, did not find ANY shoes in my size. geezz life sucks when it comes to shoe sizes 
listening greenday feeling depressed life is not going how i want and i want to do something i promised i wouldnt  cf would be proud
like @dannymcfly says: life is a bitch! 
I'm want to play pirates life! And my husband won't play! I guess ill play alone 
my life ....sucks 
is in need of a good song to sort out her life!!!!!! *bleh* 
@mileycyrus whenever i feel  I think of what and who I have in my life and am grateful for it &amp; them
@30seconds2Paija isnt an odd number unlucky? and ive never seen one in my life 
 I want to take pieces of the past and bring them to the present.Things Would Change.A life without you,That wouldn't be the same.. ?
Why do all The good one's live far away life florida 
Is on the wrong train to the life group central weekend away 
i don't think i have ever felt this sick in my life.   
@game_deals yeah life is good with ps3 ... but not at the moment as its broken  i miss my killzone
realized that the two most important people in my life(or one used to be. guess i don't matter now) aren't going to be at my graduation.. 
@therainisfallen i would have to agree about the rain. shame most of the rest of the things inmy life are bleh 
Desperately needing  to go to the 5th floor  Only my bff knows what that means.out of pro and soon out of life in need of something ;( ?
have too many things going on in my life and my mind that I can't seem to get a good nights rest. 
If he doesnt need you in his life then you don't need him in yours! Is sad and can't sleep! 
I have bad news. I have been handicaped by a extended life immaturity   all donations excepted.
I did the math, with the current technological development, we won't have hover cars in my life time 
I am dealing with a lot of jealousy in my life, which is something I wasn't really feeling before 
feeling helpless when pets are ill!  give my best to give them a great life...
@jdub4life  I would have stayed longer if I didn't have a dinner to go to... it was so good seeing you.  Thanks for the albums!!
Is loving his new flip cam but has nothing to video  wish life was more interesting
Trying not to count the hours left until the love of my life leaves me  @astark89 call me whenever you get a chance!
getting bored on saturday.. i should get a life 
Ugh I hate having to go to work almost everyday 
lovely sunny day and i'm stuck in the house with nothing to do  my life sucks tbh :-/
@under_control it's part of an analysis of flones (real life - my obsessive theories). it's not a fic. i have lost my writing bug 
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  &gt; :'( sometimes life sucks.... :'(
@StaceyPinkle worst night of m adult life!  ruination complete
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
@ddlovato I hope im there at your plane.. lol i mean come on. life's unfair. i'm in asia 
is wishing she could go out into the sunshine not sitting with the blind down trying to edit!  the life of an editor!!!
workin my life away... wahwah 
says i have never felt so lonely in my life so far  http://plurk.com/p/x8bl2
yay lets clean our room today  my life is so full lol
@aprilhill1 I could have gone my whole life without seeing that, but I'm glad you are getting the word out. 
@peoplebuilder I love cats. I have had them my whole life and its been almost a year since I have had one now 
wants @carolina dean to know that the death of a friendship is to me, one of the saddest experiences in a persons life 
@carolina_dean the death of a friendship is to me, one of the saddest experiences in a persons life  I treasure all my friendships.
@robincareyyo stfu. i've always wanted to hold a duck   @hellokeena i would choose no sleep over no life anyday ;D
I thought i ve been livin for 22yrs in this planet. . . . But i ve no memory of the first 4/5yrs of my life. . . . 
   can't be bothered. i wish i could spend the rest of my life just sat here and going to gigs. seriously.
wonders where I'm really supposed to be at in life? things are never what they appear to be for me  I've got to get back to church!!
@deadlyjuliet I have to go to class everyday actually. it sucks. 
workworkwork it's my life  kinda wishing you would call or text but you won't.
More writing is planned for the day. I expect to have no life until I'm done. How sad! 
confused on life. ugh something does not feel right 
No one cares that I let people down  I hate my life so bad
@janicejenelle ya it sucks  hows life back in canadialand?
i feel like i've missed so much, and i've only been off for a day  I've lost the only social life i've got
and now i'm crying (y) i fail at life sorry for all the depressive tweets 
I have the feeling that I could cry every second because I want to reach so many things in my life but I know I'll never reach them... 
It's sad after years of friendship to discover the people in your life have hateful feelings towards you for simply being who you are! 
Why do I think I have fucked up the most precious thing in my life......... 
@smithography doess my life sound that lameeee 
i'm so confused  i hate my love life at the moment, it sucks :'(
@acalaa lmao? nope. it decided that it was time to go to cell phone heaven with its long-legged life 
Feeling really sleepy and depressed that the day is almost over and I did nothing exciting ..my life is gettin pretty boring 
@ripestapple  I might not be the right person to give you advice, but all I can tell you is to live your life, but never stop believing.
Divaschematic's tweets start to resemble twits.  She needs some excitement in her life (the good kind).
Guess the game of life always needs a villian. But why does it have to be me??? 
im reallly overly-emotional. i just cried cause i saw an ant fighting for its life 
@laurtje No fun when you're laughing at me  I can't help it if my life sometimes resembles a sitcom...
im so in love with you , i miss you . im living up to our life dreams we planned. but why is it i wake up to someone else's face ?  [imy]
@ursusfidelis I'm sorry I'm such a fail in your life I don't mean to be I just am  but I won't bother u again after this tweet
life without looooooooooove is oh so cruel baby 
if you are unhappy in life in the twitter world this would be know as: tweetless  if you are happy in life you can just: TWEET TWEE ...
I got ditched at the game  a mother's life is never easy and demands understanding and flexibility
 i actually do nat like my life at times like this  want to actually jst go and throw myself off a bridge.
My love life is old, far away and collecting dust... 
boring boring my life is so horrible!  
So long twitter, I shall revisit thee when I finish my paper! -The life of a procrastinator 
@mpmccorm life dude. my parents are so blinded by alcohol and money it's ridiculous...  i miss you. i need a hug.
is trying to enjoy his life as a bum!!! hayst... 
relay for life cancer walk today, what a great cause. well, of course it was followed by some small-town drama- not cool 
@marebear521 yeah we did too. But my body don't allow me to eat bad anymore I get sick  subway for life...lol
I wish i could lower my weight. I want to lose about 60 pounds but life sucks 
aww i feel sick im so depressed right now. y does my life suck? y live it? i make it worse for others and myself. 
Just had the worst day of my life... 
I'm going to be working forever now and have now time for a social life after tonight 
On a side note, it seems like my boat has drifted away from my side. Wow I'm really lovin the people in my life right now. 
@xHelloCallie  life sucks, and you're going nowhere kind of? 
sad news.  life just sucks. which reminds me of how strong my faith is... and it's not so strong at all lately. i suck.
nah, just watching suite life on deck as fast as i can because summer is almost over 
just wish i could speak to u everyday 
is scared that @catiebeaton will not have a social life after tonight 
@allyheartsBB &quot;and i won't wait for you forever.. watch that poor girl waste the best years of her life..&quot; that line scares me 
wishes she could wake up next to her best friend everyday for the rest of her life. 
@allisonjaye heard about the lobby days 2nite! would absolutely love to but not sure i could make it happen with my current crazy life 
@DavidArchie it must be fun to have a busy life.., if me, i just do nothing at home!! Lol.. 
Wants to thank all the gay men in the world who has helped cause more insecurity and uncertainty in his life....  
Just feel like i messing up somebody's life and just don't know what to do 
Depressing events lately... though everything's fine in my personal life, the reverberating effects aren't too peachy 
all work and no play..what kind of life is that?! wait, that's my life right now 
fuck my life right now! 
so, life sucks.  i wish i could go see blink-182 
is feeling crap about life in general, hopefully this will go away soon 
Awww man ! There goes 30 gigs of my life 
@mileycyrus the same that happened to all the people living life in peace 
My mom just told me to move back to california... So I'm gonna...  I hate my life.
http://twitpic.com/6c0f9 - worst day of my life 
Officially the worst day of my life. 
i'm tired of my depression.. and of all these sad things in my life  need a miracle
getting over the worse bug I have ever had in all my life...still on dry toast and water only 
just here trying to save my voice with every fucking shit life's giving to me for her defense! 
Hey tweets no church for me  sea world for my baby brothers 4th bday for the first time in my life hope everyone going gets the word o ...
@jordanknight  i just lose some one special in my life ... my daddy... what advise you should give me...   i really feel very depressed...
My life is crumbly like a cookie, without the sweetness. 
all everyonee does is moan at me ;( most of the time i didnt do anything wrong and they still moan   my life sucks right now 
@mini_manfa I tweeted him earlier and told him 2 get a life and grow up, I cldnt stop myself  xx
oh life can be lonely after a relationship ends 
Is actually dying of sickness  ugh hate life
i kinda suck at life.  i need a change. A really good one.
@aikapats I guess life us all about live and learn...u so differ from me..I learn not to fall in love so easily 
@punkpolkadots i have my mommy, but life isn't any easier 
@punkpolkadots i know, my life is cushioned that way...but having my mommy around doesn't help much beyond that...it's complicated 
needs something to do it feels like I have no life 
I've come to a realization that in my 'real life' I'm the one always making the effort to stay in touch. If I didn't do it they wouldn't 
I got in stupid fights with everyone I love the most yesterday... I fail at life. 
@taii_vuitton ahhhh the married life  that sucks
dinner is done. daddy is happy. life is good.. now, back to greenwood I go. 
On behalf of all us who aren't completely ok with abortion, I am so sorry! What a horrific thing to do because you're &quot;pro-life&quot; 
@voguetrashed wish i had fast internet access when i studyied,was only 10 years ago  quadratics have been the bain of my life good luck
im sooo down... i've never felt so unwanted in my life... everyone is trying to get rid of me 
@BethGilligan welcome to my fat life sweetie. i'm swelling like a balloon 
has been in bed all day in pain, why is my life so rubbish at the moment 
@DarkFairyJoJo wow, i didnt think that happened in real life... i thought it was just an urban myth. sorry about that 
Feels like i work my life away..   
schooollllll 2moz!! so not ready for life!  american studies would make my life easier huh?
having the worst day of my life...someone make it go away 
I'm so sad...i found out my dad is on life support 
Watching scary movie 3 I miss my friends   *OverDose on life*
Having the worst weekend of my life just sitting here recaping all the drama 
screw this happy outlook bullshit. i am sick and tired of life giving me the fuzzy end of the lollipop. fuuuck 
@heykendall lucky  my life sucks -_-
bored with life... but doesnt the song say if you're bored you're boring 
hahaha i'm so hormonally insane right now! i cried in the shower and now i'm mad at my life. also i want chocolate 
prom was good....but was also the worst night of my life..fml 
@adrianninny for real she makes me depressed because her life is way more interesting than mine 
as much good that's in my life right now, i can't get over some stupid little emotion 
@FernandoSoFly omg I never ate smores in my life 
fuck my life. i'm in THE worst mood 
Since I've never had a trophy in my whole life  Lol I've been a failure for quite some time...
overhearing a colleague talk abt someone passing away...v young..who was So full of life..givesmethecreeps. thoughts of my mortality... 
sleep hates my life..im convinced 
my life is over. goodbye world. 
omg, i didnt realise sandy life was worse off then mine... 
all the wedding and hanging out with friends things are done. it's time to turn back to boring life. thank god that cigarette is founded 
@sonnyjoeflangan occupy my mind...studying is draining the life out of me  xoxo
@kahlerisms dude, not cool  I hope your kind actions help to save a life!
thought..we will all die someday ..thats sad  ..guess we have to enjoy life..
@christinelive yea it is past 5. And I can't sleep for the life of me!  
@BamaIsMe she got shot in a drive by.  was in the hospital on life support. just got word that she passed.
@Claireeee09  life sucks. ive only just finished my driving lesson,and i think id forgotton how to drive. 2 weeks without driving=not good
@JackAllTimeLow @AlexAllTimeLow @zackalltimelow @riandawson i wish i couldve met you. you saved my life. id kill my mum too meet you guys 
why is it i always end up sitting next to some f##king twit on the bus life's so unfair 
i hate my life!! i just feel like crying  i need someone to just come and make me feel so much happier then what i am rite now 
@swingsandpretty coz they do, and coz you are... sad facts of life 
Fact of life #22: Mondays always hit harder than expected. 
My t.v is broken. my toaster is broken. my microwave blew up. i have exams in 2 days. my life sucks. 
im so scare to love my boyfriend deeply...it restrict me to stand upon my own two legs. wtf of sissy life like silly kitten 
Hating life at the moment...... boys are gay and stupid  stay away from them
@khunbirdie  life was so much better when we were kids. No need to worry about anything.
iam so angry now!! too much pressure in my life!!  
i hate life and driving!!! i fucked up my car tonight 
if this sunburn doesn't turn into a tan....i'm giving up on life.  
@nadalnews hey! how are you holding up? me, still cant believe it! aaaahhhh!...why does it have to be sod, life's  a bitch sometimes 
yahi says to check your monthly horoscope!-_- but my life doesnt match it anymore  it rained in the morning, i wanted it to keep going. 
@celinehlbk yeah i'm praying for them too. its very sad. i hope there's some chance of life yet 
so far away..  I miss you honey..  27.02.2002 best day of my life.. best friends forever..
not that happy right now though  my life always feels like school 
i have a final on wed!! neeeeeed to start studying. but rlyy dont feeel like it. story of my life 
@SazFOB I'm not  one of the most depressing things about my life.
@kiernanmcmullan That sucks   Some people just need to get a life and learn how to be nice.
Driving to Lbk - story of my life the last few days. Quads, flexors, &amp; butt hurt like bloody hell  screw you, crit - why do I love thee so
its days like this that make me wish i would win the lottery and do what i truly want to do with my life 
I officially hate my life today and the one person that could cheer my up doesn't seem to care! 
is looking for a job  life sucks sometimes
@SoTickledPink i feel like i just wrote you my whole life story. sry its so long 
revising about employees contracts n policies was probably the most boring hour of my life! i think my right arms burnt, oh no 
My whole life waiting for the ring to prove I'm not alone...  http://myloc.me/2hF4
@JoanHorsforth i often use ajax life and sometimes it works, sometimes...not 
@brosner i've *been* eager to compete! i've just had real life scheduled on dash weekends. 
Home in time 2 watch one life 2 live...&amp; im bushed 
laying around at home with @ruschpup, who is having the worst allergies of his life right now. 
Why is life so complicated? Could be somethimes easy? hmm 
ordering a new battery for my mac... poor little pinkie... i burned the life right out of her.  
@dspecial1 that's all he does lol...aay aaay ..and he's making millions lol..life aint fair 
cannot for the life of me figure out how to get a picture on this thing? mines are too big even when I shrink em  ? xxx
@GuttaButta u kno,i probly wudnt like this so much if it wasnt u,im just so desperate for a piece of ur life haha,i want to experience u 
@its__danielle  where have you been all my life?!  i miss you   you'll come visit soon?  after your vacation?
had a nightmare about the history exam. i hope to god it goes ok... never been more nervous in my life... 
@SoSimplyMe &gt;&gt;&gt; I hate having this pain cos it makes it hard to do the things I like. Bad knee for life 
guess what as though life couldnt get any worse im afraid i might be getting sick    life can suck
Waiting in line to see a movie, hope I get in. I also hope bird shit really is good luck.... otherwise life sucks for my friend 
I can't diet for the life of me.  I love my carbs way too much.  
I want to go to sleep, and only wake up when my life isn't such a out of order train headed for certain doom. 
@diszy2011 but anywhooo that sandwich usually cost $11 alone!! and it was $5...I think my whole life just changed and took a turn towards 
@ddlovato &amp; @taylorswift13 listening to your music for the rest of my life. 
so this morning found my great german sheperd britney she was almost 10 years old dead on the ground she had a good life 
@gracecrowther http://twitpic.com/6fbd8 - aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! i had one in red and it shrank in the wash  protect it with your life!
Oh the life of a #headfi 'r.. one pair of cans are gone, only for me to lust after another. http://is.gd/LQvU, these costing $125 more. 
@melodylori That must be really hard for you  If someone doesn't live authentically, I don't want them in my life
@WhimsiGals whatever its calld I'm not enjoyin it much  sore shouldrs r the bane of my life - 2 much time @ desk &amp; workbench both bad 4 it
@LnLJosh  are you kidding? it was the greatest day of my life watching that...though sad you lost josh 
@sarahtymeson coral springs, it's just north of ft. lauderdale. It's alright, there are worse things in life...but it's very frustrating. 
@mssheena  I must have been terrible in my past life  I know I talk trash &amp; I'm no saint but I swear I'm a good person   oh well...
@EmileeHilliker omg emilee i miss/ need you way more  I hope my life gets better lol i suck right now   and when i get money ill go
I can feel parts of my life falling apart. 
is seeing life go past by her.. and is wondering.. where is mines going? everyones getting married and iam here.. 
why has my life gotten so emotional and hard this past year? and im feeling more lonely then ever 
my macbook has transformed into a desktop. it cannot live without life support these days. 
your lifes great. mine you ask? not so hot. stepped on a lizard  but still my life aint your ray of sunshine.
Just realized I've been to a over 2 handsful of baby showers &amp; 1 bridal shower in my whole life; Something isn't right w/ this picture 
@gummibalu Don't beat yourself up. I've learned there's no 'set age' in life where you HAVE to own certain things (car/apt/etcetc). 
oh how crazy life is, so unexpected! full of sadness  and joy  im waiting for my phone and still praying for a good job to come my way..
@Dougdesautels you're just going to have to get used to your boring sex life then 
thinks its really wrong that the one working 12 hours tomorrow is the one sleeping on the couch, life sucks  *sigh*.
My life bout to change tomorrow y'all 
@JonathanRKnight so sad  you never know what can happen in life...always tell the ones you love how much you do.
@JonathanRKnight I know so sad   And so true you treasure your life each day that you have...
what i want more than anything right now, is a positive influence to change my choices in life. possibly someone to love on too 
You have something awful, for the rest of your life 
thinks everything is coming too fast, i want it all to slow down just a bit, i'm scared of life after high school..  i'm emotional, fml.
hates my life. hahaha 
Thinking of you&lt;3 I just want things to work out, for once. It is so amazing to me how unfair life really is and how selfish people are. 
@alond32 i thank god for putting you in my life and its barley hitting about my dad  im like really sad
I'm so tired... I hate having to get up so early everyday!  
packing my 10month life in less than 12 hrs, it's kind of depressing  i'll miss res life for sure.
My brother-in-law is off of life support, it's only a matter of time now.  
Too bad I can't apply my new fav quote into my life.. study&gt;joy 
@xMuffinTop guess what, I've never had coldstones in my whole life 
i just downloaded twitter i need a more exciting life to equal more exciting twwets 
@PaydenCobern yeah I know but com'on its too insane and too embrassing, it will be there my whole life  and I told you I'll think abou ...
'just turn around' LOL..hate business  drained out of my life
everyday 34^C.. 
@legendarylagear I need like a month vacation from life 
wish life was all about tweets! 
Just finished my mini bio. Seriously, it is soooooooo hard to condense your life and career like that 
*sigh* life right now is so slow, lonely and unexciting. I need something to look forward to.  Wish I could fly somewhere exciting! T_T;;
All I need is for @SongzYuuup to make another appearance in the 757 since I wasn't there  and life will be grrrrreat 2 up 2 down babyyy
@siobhanellison no i missed something, horrible silly mistake, probably will be delaying when i write p6  such is life
wow... h8ing life... feelinglike a train just hit my forehead...  still sick and its like im getting sicker? wtf prayers and good vibes pl
@phoenixxinOz yeah me too - #ie6 will never have an end of life 
@joolzgirl what about those of us that are Russian everyday 
is in conference calls for the rest of his natural life 
@thegoodcount haha.. yeah I try to forget that... I nearly did  ... I am good... living the london life...
I might need to get therapy. I can't get good sleep and my life sucks 
has too many little pricks in her life (ouch!) 
well time to go to work and serve people alcohol, while they sit outside in the glorious sun and im inside   ah well, such is life
i had a dream that i didnt have any soap and couldn't take a shower... i was so scared!   thank goodness i have lots of soap in real life
Morning ! having withdrawals so going to my fave store today ... sigh ... the life of an addict 
@secret_thoughts I wish I could be 'productive' in other ways but sadly life is not that simple at the moment 
people need to get a life (Y) listening to music just woke up (N) sickkerr than a dog !! 
things are happening fast in life!! No time to do anythging it seems. 
@alliecarrie i miss it too  &quot;those were the best days of my life...&quot; muah!
my life is soooooo boring.. boooo.. i wanna go back to nasty fish 
I'm feeling ill today  But still have to go to work; life sucks!
Shit - changes to the marina's terms and conditions may bring boat-life dream to abrupt halt 
taylor swift ft. colbie caillat - breathe = my life right now. yay 
blah. why does life have to be so hard 
wondering why life is so stressful right now 
I know that life is for the taking, so I better wise up &amp; take it quick 
playing final fantasy...what has my life come to? i should at least be playing pokemon instead! lol if only i could find my gameboy 
@djskee thats the only thing my life is missing, and a supermodel but....damn nov. 1 release 
@tommcfly why are'nt you coming to israel??  it's so unfair!  life sux without meting you. 
i can't even believe how things work out. Now i know that fictitious stories are based on real life drama 
finish 6th form on friday and has now decided i have no idea what to do...life is now going to be shit 
For some reason baybsitting comsumes my life, I must make a change and learn to say no and get my life back  hate telling people no
@ThisStarChild haha love too but that sounds ominously like - going to make you eat it till your sick to put you off chocolate for life 
@b5_chick_4life awww mannn! lol that sux tymes 10 
@riandawson  I always wanted to see if it was actually a place.. oh well. life dreams gone down the drain.
grrrr... guitar lessons are fun! I get sad when I have to cancel them! why can't I just have it both ways for once?! oh well. that's life 
ohh tuhan - when will i die ? i'm sick, i'm sick of my life  -
@YEPNAYDEA  that's a sad reality of life I'm sorry u have to go thru it
@iamjonathancook u never @reply me   it makes me sadder &amp; sadder everyday. 
Just cant control her fingers. Its like they have a life on its own. 
i hate my life right now lol  im so mad
I need an edward in my life..... although I wish my edward was the one I already gave my heart too.. 
  &lt; that is the story of my life, a whole bunch of frownies!
today is so boring as shit. nothing to do in holiday. if im a rich girl, i will go shopping everyday.  my life is so pathetic
@omarkhanmusic wow...he did  i hope his next life works out better for him http://www.crapfromthepast.com/millivanilli/robdied.htm
@popbytes  Its my goal in life to meet her again, and not be rushed by her people. I was so starstruck that my mind drew a blank 
goddamn i hate my life 
I cant sleep fuck my life 
I hate thinking about a boy over 4000 miles away from me  story of my life.
feet very slightly better. can now just about walk to the kitchen and back with a stick without crying. my life is so great 
Nvm on the good day, it's already ruined.  fruit my life!
ofcourse I LOVE my life ) i have everything that i WANT., i guess im missing just what i NEED,... i need you 
@Mamapack  so sorry mate x life doesnt half throw us some swervy ones sometimes!!!  big love x
I have a complicated situation in my life. someone has reentered that I love with all my heart that I can never be with. Wow 
Trying to stop overthinking and overanalysing everything in my life!! 
@ScottHindsActor at least you have a life to write about! mine is confined to house at the mo 
@winniedepoohi @expressivemsr life wdt internet = life wdt u all wonderful ppl   .. never want that 
@reshaped4life, Indeed I did. Just found a large image and edited it. Unfortunately users with low res. will not be able to make it out. 
Just ended a snails life. By accident of course, just like that.  I wish they would just stick to the walls.
@EyeCandyVannie add insult to injury,..I have to pick her up now...fuck my life  
My life is a rollercoaster and ride is making me  throw up 
is confused about life, how can u want some1 so bad that u cant have 
isnt doing anything wiith his life and hates it !!!!! 
missing the love of my life 
my revision is taking over my entire life  booooo
@JewellsAvenue come take care of me...i have the flu....  and i NEED your book in my life...i hate cliffhangers! lol
have got hickups and feels  cos my granddad is giving up on life
I just left the love of my life 
@willbradley pure.life.style?  going to lake pleasant. camping there fri-sun. this will be my first camping adventure there.
@Broooooke_ i love that song, in another life, right? its like major sad tho haha i cry in it  x
i want to die...the love of my life is not well 
@alexburov gosh, I'm almost jealous - never been to any strip-club last 26 years of my life... Something is very wrong with me? 
get to see the love of my life ever so soon but not soon enough 
i really wanna figure out what's going on, on my mind right now. i really miss people right now too  stupid life.
my life suck too @myfreakyself 
@ckinney When life throws you lemons, make lemonade. Seriously, are you feeling any better? 
i hate my life  lifes a bitch
I hate my life (8) okay i wouldn't go that far but this day is official the worst day of my life 
The love of my life isn't here. 
@stephenluver  my life sucks too, dont worry...
looks like I wont get that run in after work  a chance for a social life calls
@ecctv if you're not happy, and you're just trying to make a quick dollar, wtf kind of life is that 
@henaxxru why dont you love life now?! 
@seb025 I know  I didn't plan on sleeping my life away. I suck at liiife.
uhh off to ballet. for probably one time in my life, not in the dancing mood. 
this is the worse day in all my fucking life 
@mainstreet4life lol..i stay til 730 everyday! even w/ nothing to do! everyone left at 4 today for some reason 
2DopeBoyz won't put my joints on their blog for the life of me! 
Wow, my dr just told me very shocking news. Shiet. *sigh* maybe I do need to disconnect for a while &amp; reorganize my life. 
I haven't had a mike vick joke for a while, my life feels empty 
Finally on lunch,   ugh here till 11. It sucks      i have no social life anymore.   
my life has alot of bumbs in the road just like a dancer when they fall down  it hurt just like love (
just in 1 second my entire life fell down...  im so sad...
@ddlovato i really wish u wouldn't go on gossip sites like OceanUp. lots of stupid haters on there that are failing at life 
fuck my life. 
im down and out my life is not going as planed no love no life no music career no nothing im missing out on life 
selena !! love you : it will be the best day of my life if you reply  love yaaa
I must have been bad in a previous life, this is now 4 weekends in a row with last minute staffing issues. 
@jesstar619208 @cheergurl9732 @coleyrenee @mileycyrus flip yes we could...although i suck at life an directions so i cant show her 
@dswints I kno  life I need to get hoodfuckers number again I'm going crazy
your eys stare and they're staring right through me,your right there but its like you never knew me...  those lyrics r pretty much my life
i miss are life plan, everything used to be perfect, how did it get ruined! 
Why does life have to be this way? 
I just talked to a guy I love but will never have as my own life's a bitch 
my life is going down the drain. thanks a lot. really. wtf.  kiss my dreams good bye.
Just got back home from the longest, most exhausting day ever! welcome to reality dude... life ain't a cookie 
Never noticed what it feels like to be without you. It's like I took my last breath, my last step in my life. 
I can't believe I wasted 3 hours of my life watching the phillies lose to the dodgers.. 
Has missed a flight for fist time in life 
@spaghetticat1, imagine that... a game that ruins your social life AND your computer. 
and we have  a stabbing hello full moon + police = fail. your wallet is not worth your life. 
@mikeyswag i'll cop before i go to work and pregame on the train lol  (sad what my life has turned into)
misses my best friend...it sucks when good ppl r only in ur life for a season... 
To top it of I fucking faint at work  I seriously hate my life.
@TRIumphant3 awwim sry LS I'll be joining that life soon. ugh!!  so I'm milking this sleep in thing 4 all I can. Miss u!!
is happy and sad. someone save me cuz for the first time in my life music is NOT helping! now thats desperate!!  x
...life sucks... 
is in need of some entertainment. damn this hair expo business.. no social life for me this weekend 
Nothing on TV tonight.  why must i have no life
I feel so bored and feel like my life is meaningless in many ways 
sad  something has 2 change, not I have 2 be sad he has 2. I shouldn't give up my life 4 some1 like that. But I &lt;3 him.
margaret has left. my life is over 
I wished I wouldn't be so tired ... and with headache ... no interest in going drinking or anything  life sucks
wasted four hours of my life today. not even on something productive like facebook 
i live a very very sheltered life, i need to get out more haha, mother let me go places 
i don't want to do the race for life anymore  If it wasn't ment to rain i might want to do it...
I don't know how the rest of the world copes, feel like I'm juggling all parts of my life and I'm about drop them 
One good thing here, the weather has changed quite dramatically, cool and overcast... perfect for work!!! G-d my life is dull 
@makesthisfun you and mr. dude make me hate my life 
watching the suite life with tyler lol! after that i have to make my history homework again 
just got home time for bed but am still peeking on red bulls  why can i not say no to free things? i must have been a hobo in a past life
swear to everything in this world , I've never felt this feeling even for once on my life . . it makes my breath packed 
sad my brother die  life is just to short wen u realize it 
My life is super boring right now  it's summer and I've never been so bored in my life!
I want to just runaway and forget my old life...there is nothing happy about this life... 
oh how i hate my life right now. ughhhhhh my belly hurts 
Everybody is celebrating Cazler's B-day....i have to work, life's a bitch 
eff. i hate frozen yogurt now. life is sad. 
What hurts the most by rascall flats is my life captured in a song 
Today is not a good day. They pulled the plug on my uncle.  I'm so tired of ppl in life being x'd off
@ariapro welcome to gay life. with lesbians it's worse honestly. they don't really talk to each other at bars. super cliquey. 
admittedly got owned at tennis by chris...  i could not serve to save my life
@lalachar lol i'm not sure how much he values his life at... mc was busy and big will-less  sad times
just had the most embarassing day of her life  X_X
This graduation was depressing! next time it will be me and my friends... my gosh life comes at you fast 
I got somethiing:life sucks!!!!! 
Like, I did actually hear of someone in real life who said that if their kid wanted a doll he'd kick it out of him. 
I fail at life  fml
is home from vacation . . . why is regular life such drudgery?!? 
has been vicariously living life through dawson's creek. i've only got 2 more seasons left?! 
@OnTheDownLowe yup that's one of the mysteries of life! boo 
i hate the way my life is going today so far 
@crystalchappell not that lucky...had sun for a bit... now it's raining crazy out was supposed to go to the relay 4 life but now...  
Exactly 15 days ago, life was bliss. nothing good lasts forever.  I miss feeling safe.
dissapointed...fuck life 
@tpmrpg yes but its confusing! i guess im just pissed off with life 
I'm so sick of everything. The people in my life, eSchools, stress, and more. 
Is in a life full of flats lately  miss my heels
wish life would get better 
Feeling down  Your whole life can change in a minute
my life is nothing but a series of disappointments - this really shouldn't have come as a surprise 
afraid for the life of my titania..a week old and alreeady a mutated fan.. 
Pretty much needs to do something with his life. 
feels like her life is over cause her i.d is m.i.a. 
Just want my normal life back  no appetite and this nausea is getting me depressed
@theDebbyRyan U r so awesome I love u on suite life. U haven't been on it for the last 2 episodes. 
@ithinktooomuch I don't have much of a life either 
i don't want to go to church tomorrow but my mom said if i don't go i can't go to warped lol fuck my life 
ok, @tommcfly  so bad! i just wanted talk to him! i think that @tommcfly hate me! this is so sad! i want cry! I love him... life unfair!! 
i wish i can read korean on my blackberry  it would make my twittwer life easier.
awwwww 2 more weeks of skool .. gahhh my life... 
@carors i hav and about my life, and stuff.. but when u r really sad, u just think about the pain and anything else  am i right??
life sucks! just gotta learn to deal with it. 
@brandonbowers everything good even from my childhood is no longer near the quality it used to be... 
@Bwaybaby4life i twit her lyk 39 min ago n saw her wit another person n not replyin mine 
@MamaSeal and like in real life i had no kids  or a husband
when I'm coming down from my Asian glow, I can see all my scars even after they faded. I've been burned and cut a LOT in my life. 
@SupBritt lol girl, i like, creeped your online life forever until you started following me on tumblr.  sorry for being a creep.  
I've never been this sunburnt in my entire life and I can't remember the last time I was in so much pain  uuugggghhhh.
@GinnyFromDaBloc aww thanks. Apparently i became a bit of a dick after a few drinks  story of my life
since when does nick at nite have the nanny on every night? life sucks without a tv  although i should really be working on my paper lol
@melindamarieeee no money dude  i hate my life
I am very happy but 2 things in my life could more motivation   How do I get refocused? @coreman2200
graduation was awesome! it's over now  but i can't wait to begin a new chapter in life &lt;3
@DrHotmann have i told you lately how much i miss you. because its a whole whole bunch. my life is not complete without jordan hotmann 
fml  @brittdainard knows what i;m doing every second of my life without hving to ask me
I'm emo because I can't be part of demi's music video! one of the saddest days of my life 
is questioning his position in life now. It has to be better than this. It's got to be. But right now nothing I do seems right. 
@chelseanico Basically I got screwed out of a year of my life because they thought I was nuts.  I do have anxiety issues, though 
does'n't think life if very fair right now.. 
@jesseshappyhour thank you. I'm sure she's having the time of her life, I'm just scared that she's cold 
My sewing machine is broken. Part of my life just killed itself. 
@forces2 Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants. &lt;----  ain't it the truth 
feels shocked! hearing one of her colleagues just past away.. he's too young.. *sigh*  life is too short.. ... http://plurk.com/p/z0tcq
@nerdynotdirty lol well haha shutter life is long lasting uuntil it dies haha  and your welcom'd awsome person yous : D
Long day, I needa take care of myself cause I'm physically and emotionaly drained  goodnight yall god is love and love is life
is researching for his article....needs some creativity in my life 
@markblackman its life fella 
completed half life 2 episode two, now i don't have any game to play 
the best thing in my life has officially come to an end 
yay im not sick anymores. i can go back to my life been at home for like 8 days straight 
@sawwaa *blink* I de very emo now  oh well, life sucks so much sometimes XD
@vindicated they are borders. therefore not trinity. like they arnt even allowed to go out. they have no lives  u should bring them some!
got to do a unit 4 chemistry past paper now, then unto unit 5 revision! my life officially SUCKS at the moment! 
@DiiLee walla good gettin used to it .. Lacks battery life 
just did the race for life. i think i might die. blisters everywhere 
Any body know how to work a tv that sayss NO signall  stressed outtt I NEED tvv in my life
seeming to ask myself why is life so complicated a lot recently! Why can't things just go well for me... 
@MiriamCheah lol poor miriam. u have such a tragic life. i didnt wanna sleep i wanted to tweet but they MADE me go to sleep 
There once was a boy who got into an accident and now his life is filled with sadness because he can't feel the frets 
wow I never go on here anymore, probably cause my life sucks! YES! 
Going to the river today... how sad that this is what my life has come down to-- miss you beach 
Posting from smartphone. A big step for my blogging life. A big step backwards for my social life 
Sometimes i begin to miss the angels in my life.  I settle down to intense  poetry.
life just sucks i lost the one, i'm giving up he found someone 
my life's boring me  mimimimi i think i will  read some fics q
It seems like everything i do something goes wrong story of my life i should be used to it by now but no poor little baby hammy 
After tomorrow I'm trying to figure what is real meaning of life 
@ShaMonet  dats the life
@tommcfly I want my life completed with a reply from u. I feel like im fading fast without u 
looks like I won't make it tonight... too much real life going on 
but ever since @snigdha got busy wid family my life became boring 
@brittraninc working life is boring.... thats why 
@_CorruptedAngel don't do that! I was all worried, personal safety is very important especially in virtual life *cross stare* 
@MadgeC story of my life, they want my duck but not me 
I know life is filled with disappointments, but i think i've had my fair share... i'm honestly very sick of being disappointed  
i cant get better  i feel worse everyday  @dangerfish12
legs are sore, ran race for life then had to go to work so tired 
you anymore yah well guess what that is my life right now oh so much fun huh ?  
my life is 2 bad  hate it....
I just realized that im off the next two days and i have nothing to do. I feel like i have no life. 
being frustrated. hating my life. what sense does it make to send me my soulmate and make it so we cant be together? i wanna hit stuff 
is so bored and attempting physics on bitesize..exams need to finish, the routine of life at the moment is unbelievable  xx
one of the roughest days of my life. i'm going to go lay in bed and cry for  little while. i'll be back a bit later. 
gutted karl is missing apprentice, gutted my life has turned out so that apprentice is its highlight  lots of s today 
feeling sad  hating her life. But glad i have good friends along with me for the ride.
right gillian tomorrow you start the first day of your new life, new healthy life, put loads of weight on, just fit into my bike trousers 
i don't think i've ever driven so much in my whole life.  my poor car.
this is really an unhealthy lifestyle! should've changed it loong before 
I don't wanna hear anything about food for the rest of my life 
Some things change in my life 
almost time to go back to real life. The family leaves today 
@gracieforyou  it's ok, she lived a good life, she was a wonderful cat. she will b missed but she will b going 2 a good place, don't 4get
Oh the life of a journalist - note the downside - working on public holidays 
my tumblarity is in the toilet  right there with my popularity in life.
@jamieallover I'm sorry your life hurts. 
is stressing out.  work drama, life drama, all the stuff i ignored blissfully while i was on vacay is now haunting me.  boo.  
i have never felt so anti social in my life. wheres @meganisraaad!? 
@Jennybeeean ohh cool! i wish isaww it  so why is ur life over?
It's amazing how your whole life can change in one day 
@rochlatinsky  I wish - feel like I'm missing so much NetChange with everything else going on in my life - the one week I'd like to be in!
I need ppl in my life that love &amp; support me, &amp; are honest! Without honesty, there is no respect. I feel really bad right abt now.... 
 i'm so sad.. theyre back together again. the boy of my dreams.. gonna be with the first love of his life again.
bedd. i think i wont be myself tomorrow..  justanothergirlinyourclass. :\ i always fack my life up.. dangg.
yayyy lakers! time to listen to ze dodgers while i write four papers...  my life. my life!
@victoriazombie omg, this is my life. 
biology is the drain of my life 
is playing poker in facebook.  no life
Also I think too deeply... Now the thoughts I thought will burden me for the rest of my life... 
reallllly sad to be home from myrtle beach  time of my life.
@DannyUmbert come back into my life!!! im a messsss and need my buddy back 
need a new job.. whats life got for me next 
@Alfarahizah and I think I am born to be stupid, blurr for e rest of my life 
is fixing her things for tomoorow..hmm? what shall i bring? man! i'm missing high school life already. 
turn right is possibly the most beautiful song, I've ever heard. 'somehow im to blame, for this never ending racetrack you call life.'  
I think its pretty sad that this episode of the nanny defines my life. That's gross. 
I'm peeling like a tomato  and and he's away at camp life sux~
I'm checking my tropical fish. Some of them have very short lives. 
This might have been one of the worst nights of my life 
@Prettystellar i can easily do it with my mind, but my heart hurts when i do try to do it .. me is complicated life at the moment  lmaoo
reading through the dolly magazine ''marijuana. it can mess up your head and your life.''   fuckyou dolly your not helping.
Turns out WoW really does destroy lives. How sad. 
@lilyroseallen if you reply to me, my life will be complete! hah 
Just woke up to find myself laying in bed with no bed quilt  soo cold! i hate english weather. So, tell me... what is your goal in life? x
@utterBEN of course, they get to control men and make them do whatever they want - it's like real life 
is being attacked by the love of his life 
drowning in self pity won't get you any worthwhile life guard 
I can't believe I am posting about masterchef, what has my life become? But poor geni 
@Schofe I wished you would do a bit about Emetaphobia ( fear of vomit) as i have had it for years and it affects my life 
@Schofe I wished you would do a bit about Emetaphobia ( fear of vomit) as i have had it for years and it affects my life   #phobias
is fed up of all these forms n feels exhausted with life.. 
it makes me cry every time I watch 'You saved my life&quot;. 
@jamielewislewis i cant believe it, it really doesnt belong there! i hope it doesnt ruin it  im not too bad thanks!hows life treatin you?x
@BellaJamieX i know izzy wer have u been all my life  x
my life just got interesting but not in a good way 
story of my life...saying goodbye 
Why? Why must my life suck so bad? And why has today already started to suck and its not even 9am yet? I am so damn sick. 
@toxicsarah  u love life i hate it and Hmv
The best day of my life is turning crap. 
hungover at work, a testament to the good life with real life responsibilities. emmy leaves today  i'm hecka sad
I'm home. We didnt play. No one could.  Yeah yeah, life must go on.
all is very far from being well in the life of kassandra  grrr
u know its really sad to know that most females have been raped or molested at some point in their life...its common but yet sad! 
@karlj74 heyup! just been to town, god my life is exciting! hows you today? is away to pour down any minute here, not impressed at all 
@inlovewithsteff freakin epic for life. 
I think they should amend the saying to be: &quot;Only 3 things in life are guaranteed- death, taxes, &amp; Mondays.&quot; [insert audible groan here] 
life is soo hard atm, but hey, what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger 
fuck my life i can't even deal with all these forms! why must i leave everything till the last minute?? also sad that luke has gone 
@KingofBrooklyn where u been all my life..no love no more.. 
S/times work makes me feel like 1 of those little pod people in TheDarkCrystal that r strapped in &amp; have their life sucked out of them. 
aww .. use this on films buh u never think that will happen in real life ... if only they had got on that bus  !!
Long, crap day. When shit happens in my life, it's nasty! People in my life only care about themselves. my heart is too soft 
My life sucks without them. And they don't know I exsist. 
@mayonyosandwich cause life isn't supposed to be like that for black people.  we fight for everything we have.
gotta back to my (not so) beautiful physics book. enjoy this cool life for me 
I'm not going to tweet everyday . And not often  soo ..
british weather wants to make its mind up! i wish my life was easy 
off to bed! I seriously want my normal lifestyle back 
@LadyEcclesxX why's life hard man?  x
-just woke up from the worst niqhtmare iin mii life!! 
I will actually cry if i heard thunder.... arrghh scare the life outta me  LOOOOOOOOOOL
@officialBabyV I want live your life just for one day 
y is it so hard 2b dissapointed when u knew it was coming?somebody in your life will no longer b there.y do drugs change ppl? 
my life is kind of boring right now 
family only causes stress. what's the point? to remind you how shitty life really can be? I'm a downer 
my life is such a mess im so sad 
not happy with the way life works sometimes. 
I couldn't feel any more of a lonely deliquient right now... Just need to find an escape from life and people who I have no interest in 
I probably just dreamt the worst possible thing that could happen to me in real life and it was extremely unpleasant. 
well one of my favourite artists (martina mcbride) is coming to london in july. and i can't afford to go. surprise surprise. life is sh*t 
i really wish life wouldn't be so cruel to my parents right now. please god cut them some slack and help them get jobs 
http://bit.ly/XoadS  SO f-ing unfear !  i want that, in real-life tough (;
Knows that life is bad when the taste of chocolate seems bitter! 
 sometimes tears can last for a lifetime
thinks that life is rather boring at the mo 
just got home. back to my boring life 
cant believe she wasted 10 yrs on them!! i knew it would finally end in tears  oh well...life goes on 
i'm really getting sick of having no life 
listening to music and playing around on the computer.. i hope life gets better soon.. 
#iremember when me anddd  @gimmedunkaroos tlkd everyday . 
Haha havent been told im fat so many times in my life 
I think the term 'less is more' should apply to the rest of my life except studying.. blah I'm going to bed 
@LorraineStanick that is without a doubt my greatest fear in life  &lt;3
tryin' to get things off of my mind right now. a friends nephew took his life a cpl of days ago.found out 2daythat another 1 has cancer 
just got back from starbucks with the bestie now its study time! story of my life 
I think I am having the worst day of my life 
@shalynnn hey, yeah, i know  so stupid. oh well, that's life, it has it's up and downs.
@chelalala lol, that sounds like my everyday after school life, damn chinese food. 
ughh hate you, get out of my life. 
well as tupac says life goes on.... 
My life is a perfect balance of poor decisions! So sleepy, yet cannot sleep 
@MissInvisiblex3 so much discomfort in my life. ouch. 
My life is a balloon order right now 
@rdgroyalgirl yes,  I am back to work and back to regular, everyday life now 
I could use a good drunk right now though lol life can be so stressful sometimes.  When it rains it poors I guess, I also need a job!! 
I fear that I'm gunna be alone for the rest of my life... 
@vkrees yeah that would be a sad day.  but it will be but a blemish on your big life! and so much knowledge! i feel ya, though.
hmmm time to either do some work or go to bed. Wow I have no life but work.... 
When life gives you lemmons say 'fuck this' and get some strawberries and eat them. I am not in my happiest moods right now 
just finished reading my horizontal life, getting ready to cozy up and watch he's not that into you. missing my boy 
i feel as if life has no purpose except suffering 
On my 20 min break. I've never been so tired in my life! 
 my life sucks
@damohopo just seeing summer stretching ahead of me in dull routine everyday life...need more than that...sorry about your knee 
made a horrible life descision by eating just now... boo 
sitting trying not to let her stupid self get to me.  always ruining my life and shit.
aaaaah i hav no social life until thursday 
#iremember sophomore life. I miss it.  omg http://tinyurl.com/nypzzt
@chiefsanjay wen wud they understand that life is priceless  
phew. my time new life is just about to start. i'm so excited yet so scared plus nervous 
phew. my new life is just about to start. i'm so excited yet so scared plus nervous 
Misses her best friend like noones business, life isn't the same without her- moving will now and forever be my biggest regret 
tickets to brand new are completely sold out. fuck my life 
who bets i can finish a game of solitare?! cause i CAN, im a professional, but not that solitare will get me anywhere in life! 
my life is so confusing. paying for the house today, goodbye money 
I wan my happy life back 
Too early to be waking up everyday 
hate my life.    
My whole life is full of problems and I only wish to live a new one and to escape from the old... 
@Kelly3uk naa av finished but well i failed  got resits 2 do tho b4 i can graduate. i no i am, i need sum excitement in me lil life!
My little kid is giving me run for the life, literally! 
@katherinemarsh ummm... my bad... how about playin real life sims... as in life 
my mom didnt wake me up early, and now she says she is too tired to go. my life sucks 
wow..i have no life.. time to leave mariokart and study music 
It's so fucking hot  fuck my life
@Jonasbrothers           last nighttt was the mas amazing night of my life   guyss  joe i touched your jacket but i diddent get it   xxxxx
life cant get any worse 
could do better - i think the words from my school report card will follow me my whole life  - turkish lessons tonight, *must* do better 
saddest day of my life i think 
death is a part of life, we all know it...But when good people pass way too soon, its just makes me angry, its so un-fair 
oh my life is just a up and down a beautiful day !!! 
@enjoem Its sooooooooo good. Wish I could be the sunshine in your life 
i live a good life and enjoyed it wish i could see more of the grandkids 
@Ellypoo jordan?! what? And, suite life is on.. the ending's on.. i want to see the beginning  do you know the name of this episode?
finished the worst exam of my life at last!! Pressure lifted but still quite sad the whole things over now 
gotta back to my books  bye cool life.
Off home to a life of no broadband   Isn't it a basic human right these days goddammit!
@cadorette K and I really want to game with you more often, but life keeps getting in the way. 
The love that we share is real but in time your heart will heal. im not sayin im gon but i have to find what life is like without you 
@life2gobeverage I didn't  I was busy keeping our team together &amp; helping out before/afterwards. Where can I find your product for sale?
life sucks!!! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS good question! it's a pity  that i wasn't there   i live in germany...............but the life must go on XD but i'm sad,
I want something different in my life. I want to write. I don't want to make coffee for a living or for the rest of my life 
just had to delete his first prom from his life... harder feat than i thought it'd be 
@soulfulcubana I have never completed a beer in my adult life  what are you drinking?
is low, too low down the lane of his life, he needs a break.        
@dragonflyeyes There is no justice.  I would personally have him serve the rest of his life in jail. The justice system is a sham.
hates how unpredictable life is 
My life sucks atm...yay me... 
seriously missing isla vista and her college life crew 
worst day of my life!  www.heartbreak.com
My life's boring, I want to change it, I need someone famous talk to me: @mileycyrus @ddlovato @selenagomez @comeagainjen @mandyyjirouxx 
My ipod is fried, I cried a little, life almost seems over 
the ultimate peril of living alone: creepeee crawliess and how to deal with them 
I was getting so sick of this lack of brown in my life 
@johnnyfranks67 You and me both.  I wish we could do more and now. So many young lives at risk.
@dougiemcfly 'one love, one life!' we love you little weird, and i miss u so much 
the thing is im really want to have a better life!!! haih.... 
@guitrellirox work is a nightmare, can't imagine working for the rest of my life 
f my life !! I would be in walla walla when neyo comes 
one of the things i dislike most in life is gettn tummy aches 
so @meganfredette is a better friend then 98% of people in my life &amp; i would love for this headache to go away. 
Just gonna go to the two melbourne shows...  but sometimes real life just gets in the way
i'm gonna cry...  worst day of my life.
@dacialuvsu2much He never txted me back  haha but oh well! He's still my life lol!
Waiting for instant noodles and feeling sorta sad about life 
Death is so much more painful when you watch it slowly end the life of someone you care about. 
@kitscheartache it was her life story! i thought it was very heartbreakingly honest and raw. 
Going crazy over the biggest dilemma I have ever faced in my life so far. 
@Rayray094life yeah it's taking forever to go away 
trying to figure out why life hate him so much...........but still dun have a clue 
hates that im finding it so hard to make certain changes in my life 
Is so unsatisified with the way my life is going right now. I'm gonna stay home till I figure out who the hell I am. 
I need something new in my life.... 
@iamjjr3 however, in the long run, doing your homework now will make your life much better! but i agree...it still sucks  i am sorrrrrrry
i need to reorganize my life. i need to put more pursuits on hold. work home ONE hobby. i should stick to that 
thinks that life should be simpler 
@ramielemalubay ugh whoever keeps doing that seriously needs to stop and get an effing life don't delete it tho  cuz they'll just win!
http://twitpic.com/7lo8p - to the love of my life that's leaving me soon 
@chachirachi its when life didnt matter.  all well life fcxin sux now
will probably start updating this thing more now that absolutely nothing is going on in my life. 8 facebook status updates per day = lame 
here we are, in the library doing our report. sad sad life 
Making a pros and cons list about my life right now..the cons are winning  
@KiSSAmyASS  i doooo miss yoouuuuuu!  life is hectic lately... i swear when things calm down i will be up there to visit my lovies!
my laptop is dead, cos apparently my life didn't suck enough already 
woooo. 500th tweet! crap, i really must have no life  haha.
I need a reset button for my life 
its better to see things plan and simple but dont give up its not the end its just a new chapter in life sumthing i learned in my life  &lt;3
Oh I don't want my life to change this much, happy to move but I just want another chance to make things right! 
@ahmedzainal i hate life ! i hate everyone around ! and i hate my self 
ever since I work here, I've never seen such a person like him, who is shortening my life span. 
Just fixed the washing machine over here after a jog.. All the good food we are getting here is killing me..  life is sweet here 
Wow i have no life, wake up to 0 messages 
@JessicaMcD I'm having more fun - holding at the municipality waiting for some sort of life form to answer the phone...whohooo 
Just watched a film on hitlers life, sethr sehr interestink. Its raining but I'm outside anyway, getting very wet 
I sincerely hope the rest of my life is not this busy 
On the train home  'these are the moments, I'm gonna remember most yeah' I do want to leave, best 3 days of my actual life!
@deegarcia104 guilty of using it once in my life and of course its been used on me too!! 
Just got my retainer... I have the biggest lisp of life 
@snowboardcast The problem with increased liberty is that not everyone lives life by the rule &quot;So long as I do not impinge others&quot; 
i've tried so hard to make my life balance in every way but i guess it just couldn't be like that 
I had the worst nightmare that my life fell apart and it was all my fault. What a shitty feeling. 
Friend to me: &quot;you are always surprising in all aspects of your life.. but that part (love) is always the same&quot; So true, in a bad way 
the worst day of my life!  
sooo annoying that be best mate lives so far away 
getting bored @home..... and waiting fr smtg ineteresting to happen!!!  sigh !! life sucks !! 
slaving away at eastside marketplace for another six hours of my life, awesome! 
sometimes you get tired of life....summer just started and already it looks like its going to be a long one 
@radiofreejohn they're worth more than some humans lives 
so freakin bored...story of my life...my baby leaves tomorrow  its only the beginning
It's official...my life sucks.  
worst day of my life 17.6.09 eating chocolate then going to get so drunk i'll end up sleeping in the gutter 
@sr_ I can't even do that any more. I have to live with skinny legs for life 
going to work  i will cry the whole way there, i hate life.
:: today is moving like molasses. Definitely feeling the puppy-shaped hole in my life right now 
unimpressed with today  but enjoying the sunshine and livin life homies &lt;3
@PETAEurope I have been veg almost my whole life~ I however need to go vegan it's hard I love cheese I thought if organic it was ok 
@Sugadoll omgosh I love life.. wish they hadn't cancelled it 
i forgot to tweet that i saved a dogs life today! literally.. it was walking in middle of busy road   i actually...
i have to clean my house today. oh messy life. 
Just wasted two hours of my life for nothing. I'm pissed. 
In coatbridge scared for my life  iran is safer than this 
Rach... you make my life hell. LOL. 
Getting my classes for the fall... there goes my social life 
did i just screw up my friendship w/ @hollyhalvorsen or what?! omg no. no no no. ifail at fucking life. 
baskin robbins, why must you steal my life 
feels like I am not getting what I want out of life 
my lo left me!!  cleaning the napping my life away.
What way is my life really going atm :/ i dont know what to do about anything 
 life isn't always good right?
@ginelled hahaha ahhh i sorrrrry  come live the fabulous unemployed life with me!! lol
@liamprescott what?!?!?! why do u hate ur life???   im sowwy!
@ilmbffnay dont hate your life.  i love ya buddy!
@opheliasdaisies You never answered me that other time that I asked if you know @dcorsetto in real life  I still wanna know!
Eugh! I feel like with all this stuff goin on in life right now.. I wish that I had that one certain person to talk to &amp; comfort me! 
it  seems like as soon as i take one step forward life shoves me two steps back 
is bored tired and bitchy!! life doesnt get much better than this...   
would like that hour of my life back. when did reality tv get so trashy, horrible, and mean? 
thinking about my love life and why id I really know what love means!!!!!!!!! 
omg my life has no purpose anymore 
@ValLover1 nope! And I was looking forward to living a long and reality-show-voting-less life. There goes that dream  *sigh*
@jasib LOL!! I doubt you needed the wor as badly as I did :/ I got it in all my life! I'm paying the price now 
@dannyp45  -_- is there something I dnt know about ? the love of yur life &amp; I cnt even meet her   lol j/k
 urg..life fall together please. No phone, no car, no job, no life. pathetic.
No  i still look everyday!
Off to bed wondering where to go and what to do with my life 
Just watched the saddest and most sweetest special on challenged childen  dont take life for granite just be happy everyone and smile
@dman92 You won't be so happy when you're battery life lessens over the months and it becomes not enough 
was the hardest night of my life i have never cried so much  come back soon sara you are the love of my life
There really r sm ppl in life who shouldnt run. 
@bubblet0ess I know  I have a feeling our luck will change soon girly next year we are going to have fun and enjoy life and not let guys
WOW i got modded.....MEEEEEE.... what????..... and i thought i was nice..... shame on me.... am i taking the wrong path threw life 
@shrewti @mohitthatte hey jst been caught up currently  controversies of life!
Nothing more than a drug induced coma of how I want my life. The real world is back but I lost my motivation I had just found 
is trying to give @amy2011 a grammar lesson she fails at life 
transferring to ku was by far the best decision of my life. taking summer bio at joco is by far the worst. 
@baxter5 ME too, the cosmosphere job didn't pan out  It stinks not having much real life experience, wish som1 would give me a chance
who wouldn't've? I guess everything just has to be one way. And I was stupid to think you were different and my life could be good 
basically, i have no life, and twitter isnt fun. 
no one is tweeting except me, its coz i have no life 
There are certain things in life we wish we could change but we can't....this movie got me with memories...lets color code this shit 
thinking life sucks!!  just when you think you've got it all worked out something ALWAYS happens 
@soumen08 nothing jus have a loser in my life n now repenting  neways hows ur training
@dray_ozonemag I know right.   life is crazy that way
I feel so incomplete...      thare r things in my life that i'll never forget
sometimes I wonder if life is even fair.  this sucks
not feeling 2 good, emotional wise    i guess its called life..
@austinbello http://twitpic.com/7ox0h - aw he looks scared for his life  
I was just abruptly woken up from my sleep by the strangest/most bizarre dream/nightmare of my adult life... now i cant get back to bed 
the most loneliest day of my life will come soon  
life sucks. I need money. 
life cn be so mean 
welcome back restless life 
I'm watching mtv true life its so sad 
this has been one of the best 2 weeks of my life, probably the best ! i don't wanna leave ! 
is problematic...my life is in such a mess right now...  http://plurk.com/p/11veut
 fuck my life honestly.
My mom has to put her dog down today. So heartbreaking but the quality of life is gone. 
@euniceq  no more eunice  no more 33333333333333. life will be back to boringness...
just woke up from grand sleep!! This is the life, sad its only till 1.7.09 then back to work 
chillin with the someone specail in my life.....but i wish i was enuff 
Every curl I ever had in my life....was blown away by this monsoon outside... 
Just failed math  hardest test ive taken in my whole life
Some days it just doesnt seem worth getting out of bed its mazing how quickly life can go from great to large amounts of suck 
change the way you see everything... trying to do this..but right now life really sucks. so disappointed.. 
More and more I understand why people drink to blank out everyday life ..can't do it though, tastes awful 
shit why is my life so complicatet? tell me whyyyyyy 
@heidivanderlee Your life is the story of missing a character from a decades old TV show?  
why does life hate me? grumpy parents? check. not being able to see the greatest band in the world at warped tour? checkcheckaaandcheck. 
my life feels like a train wreck right now 
when it is 'fully charged' my comp only has 41 mins of battery life 
it's not up to me anymore. if you want me in your life, you'll find the way to put me there 
porch painting = my sad and pathetic summer life! 
crime 360. i need a life.  and some money.
just want to live a happy life!! why theres always something that take ur happiness away?!?!? 
Why does life never runs smoothly now the car is buggered again and alex is still not right 
Sitting in the house bored as all get out waiting to find a life....(sigh) 
Having some horrible second thoughts and dredging a certain person who ruined the last three years of my life, back to the surface... 
i hate unpleasant people... oh... is that a contradiction? inokea ... life's too short to be rude 
couldn't get what i needed  but life goes on..ima keep it pushin
life sucks sometimes especially when some people you love are hating on you and you don't even know why.. 
Doesn't Know If to make my Wish copme true or stay with this crappy unknown life 
@acmulcahy 4 life.  i miss the mamiya 7 from emerson 
@zixiciv ur life sucks  true story
guess i'm destined to be single forever...i need a drastic change in my life 
@darrenporter do you think im getting a tad too obsessed with it all? should i try and get a life do you think? 
i finally learned, finally. living my life without any problems. just wishin someone would text me 
I'm is a bad mood all thanks to the love of my life.... I'd rather be at the playboy casting calls!! 
i miss you and love you more than life itself...how did it get this far and this out of control..dont no what to do with myself 
5 o clock traffic is the worst thing I have to endure everyday of my life  why me! I wish I was @ my old location where it only took 10min
@lizwoolly got nothing else to do in my sad and lonely life 
just bought miller high life, hungry man dinners, and a bottle of lube. you win life, you win.  kidding about the lube...
I hate it when my mom makes me work when its not even my time to work  I have no life
My life sucks 
@firepoet24 Haha, that's 90 min of your life you're not getting back... 
@TheWife4life i agreeee! today is never ending  ha ha! I just want to get home to see my brookie butt!!
hating life right meow 
life sucks when have to work.. 
@EmilyEscobosa my life is unraveling. i'm pretty sure soon nothing will be left. 
@Kates06 grr wat jerks  they need to let u pursue them i mean what do they aspect from u to just stay jobless for the rest of ur life
fuck my life. I definitely have to retake the written 
Home from soccer ...it was fun lol fone died  its like my life!!!!!
@respectrpattz i wish people would leave him alone its disgusting what they do to him he should be happy and having the time of his life 
My life sucks. I wanna die already. 
If I open it, my whole life would be at great risk. 
@chefjeff r u back in the twittering business? I thought I ran you off for life 
physics is taking my entire life...i have no summer 
is excited at the prospect of cleaning the rest of the dump we call home,2moro  O how much fun is my life lol
gosh i am really starting to feel like i have no life, i want to go swimming 
@sarahhjb all time low was just on mtv after true life doing weightless acoustic, 
My life is so boring and pointless now... i hate it and i have no one to hang out with. someone rescue me 
just beat half life 2 using only the gravity gun bt the dumb game didnt give me the achivment 
this is vital information for your everyday life. i got my hair cut shorter than usual and now my neck feels weird 
@valstyleee just life, i hate it  val everything just is going wronnngggg !
is missing that special someone in my life 
BWAHAHAHA   these classes are all conflicting in schedules and are making life realllly difficult... sigh....
@megannnlynne cuz of math  i hate life
my number doesnt say anything  life is once again meaningless
awee f my life i just got a bloody paper cut and it hurts a lot too  
i miss ace of cakes  i need more geoff in my life.
@TRIFORCE89 it never works like that in life lmao 
it is horrible when a friend is lying in front of a person who is important in your life and you published the whole world =(   
omgggg. so bored. i need something to do. or a job. but i couldn't pass a drug test to save my life 
winchester hospital owns my life. ANDDD im so upset liss told me george is no longer on greys  ughhh so miserableee.
@ScatterBrainGH very slowly... rest of life keeps getting in the way  but i did manage to find an hour to wiimote a camera around today!
well colby comment me back, not what i expected. but life goes on.  enjoy life and don't let no boy bring ur happiness into sorrowfulness
What do you do when the only man you could ever trust is out of your life forever? 
@CynthiaBuroughs you're still laughing and i still have no clue why!  life is rough being a blonde!
i sooooo got stood up by the love of my life  saddddd
@SaraJBenincasa What major life shift? It all sounds very sad and foreboding. 
I just found out that the future career path I've chosen is one of the the worst things to base a career off of, ouch. 
@miss_holleewood i want my old life backkkkkkk 
@courtneeyb haha i like to read other people's but i'm a loser and have no life to twitter about 
about to take off to the worst timing visit to my mother.  my life sucks
@vinceblackham sadly i'll be out of town for the next #smcuv and #smcslc.  vacation getting in the way of social(media) life
@philsalazar hahaha i have  no life
@beccaalmond you've been absent from my life for awhile, i hope we're not breaking up 
@shnooknasty i should give up on life  look at us being quitters!
I have to stop watching this love movies.. They just remind me that my life is miserable.. 
 i don't like your livejournal because you don't use fancy words like that in real life.
@olivzaro i want to hear israel field trip stories!! oh..and life is lackluster without you 
life is full of surprises. got that rightttttttt. &amp; i lost my phone 
Should go to sleep now to get some rest and make to work tonight. Such is the life of a corporate slave. 
Man o MAn stressing out, why does life have to be so difficult 
new life somewhere new.. or find someone new.. choices. i need to get out of this country for a while to  clear my mind 
Should go to sleep now to get some rest and make it to work tonight. Such is the life of a corporate slave. 
@katyperry bet you have a lot of mannequin's in your life. sigh so do i 
either way, i have an addiction. i need a life.  haha
Just had the worst dream of her whole entire life  
Is at home once again.. And still ill  Friends are not something i have at the moment due to me being betrayed.. never mind life goes on.
@ChelseaLeyden yeah, ur just a fat 14 year old w/ no life 
i want to forget about that thing, it sucks a lot! it totally disturb my life! i want my life back, i want things to get normal again.. 
The knowledge that they're going to end my grandfathers life in a few short hours is enough to keep her awake. 
@whatlindsaydid That's been the story of my life for weeks 
holiday over bk 2 real life and ironing!!!!!! 
i miss the old days.. many have changed.  and i dont like it.. arg. hays. i have to accept it. its life.
life sucks!! i do have my reasons for saying that!!!  
@HagarLoveMcFly why you're saying things like that? why you're hate your life? 
big spider just gave me the shock of my life 
Could cry right now, the most perfect dress in the world is sold out. Only thing I've truly wanted in my life. I died a bit inside.... 
why is life soooooo full of stress????? omg! so much to do, very little time to do it in 
my internet is being a total bitch so i can't tweet my boring life  @replies soon !
life right now is kinda depressing. 
somebody take me away from this life. i don't want it anymore  so sad
hotel life ...missing my boi 
@socialwhoreblog Yes!!! Unfortunately you'll have to give me a few years to come up with the money....the life of the student is such 
without music I can't live anymore, it's the best thing in life, I wish I could play the drums -&gt; I'm so sad  
my bike has a life threatening injury 
at work watching the rain!!!!what a life i have,wish i was with my babies.miss you 
Is having a really bad time!!   everything is going wrong in my life, has god put a curse on me!!
i have to make a toga today  then i have to move some of this so i can afford some wine....geez life on the city strizugg.
is cleaning my car for someone to come look at it.  i hope it sells, but i'll miss it! ah.. the sacrifices of life!
@phoenix_life I'm sorry  I don't really like using msn.
Off to the pool for a little workout and to catch some rays... The day in the life of the unemployed 
life is like roller coaster, because it all happened too fast. u knew it, but u can't take it. 
depressed at work, seems to make me that way here...and life lately has been giving me heartburn and ulcers 
if i had a dog my life would be complete...but i don't want to watch her being born... sorry!!! 
omg ive never been in so much pain in my life. collasping on the court is never fun. walking hurts 
the most terrifying experienc of my life: watching boys play dodgeball. they are really competitve and agressive 
I'm soooooooo depressed right now so much on my mind feeling lonely at the moment gesh sumtimes life sucks 
there's always gonna be another mountain   i feel some change should happen to my life :S
nothing just wondering about how my life coud get even worse  
i feel like a peice of my life is missing without my macbook pro 
my cat died today!  im depressed, after 22 years of life and 14 w/ me since I borned. i'll never forget it! love youuu
@tenniemarie have fun for me tonight  i can't go even to the frisco one. fuck my life for letting it get sold out.
too TIRED even though i slept at 3  life is cruel as i have tutor soon...
I feel like crap..... now I understand the phrase No music No life 
3.) That once in my lifetime, I was able to be part of that someone's life and loved...  its hard to let go..... but time heal I guess.
so tell me for what i have to continue with my life  i dont have reasons ...
Feels like he has no life 
@jessemccartney answer me back and it would make my life!! i lost my voiceee pleaseee   it was worth iy jesse!
Worest day of my life.  *brit*
I have a feeling my plans for tonight are going to get cancelled...darn life and it's sadistic ways 
@ktjbpa2006 seriously eff our lives haha .. so unfair 
@shanedawson who r u sometimes and do u like younger girls shane? srry just being like u oh well i will be alone for the rest of my life 
fuck my life. the death of me is ruining me. no tgp today 
the worst day of my life 
@Aftashok med school :-/ my life's about to be over in 2 months  i'm &quot;studying&quot; for the interview now lol
Walking laps at the cancer relay for life. It's way tougher being here than I thought it would be 
Watchn movies, drinkn wine @loft201 w/ @ashmoneybank as @iContips tweets his life away!I heart these guys. Only thing missing @shelyndsey 
Terribly sad at airport leaving the love of my life behind 
This is the thirstiest I have ever been in my life! I hate getting out of bed for a drink of water so many times 
Is almost pretty sure that he took the best shower of his life tonight but is not feeling the best 
i guess its back to tha single life 
it hurts when i sneeze  on a side note, an ad just asked me if my drinking problem was ruining my life. haha.
doing english essay.  i need help  anyone read the life and crimes of harry lavender?
corporate america is wrecking my life, now its wrecking girls night!!! 
packing up my west palm life 
@souljaboytellem in my bed.. upset.. going thru life's issues.. 
@famousflower because life sucks 
the life is a trash :'( you break my heart again 
I think of wally dog everyday 
@ItsMandyYo I am definitely stressing &amp; how much easier would our lives be if we lived near each other!!! 
Hates hates having to get surgery!  scary having ur life in someone elses hands....
I have finally came to realize, that life for a teenager is harder than i thought...drama drama drama!!! 
@ARIESsyrille i know how that feels   story of my life
Ugh. My pick up lines didn't work. I'm a failure at life. 
seeing as not much is happening in my life, I have nothing to tweet about 
I suck at life .. I failed at our popcorn race  
Everyone's gone tomorrow, except me with no life 
@LaurenLee_ worst feeling ever  She/he's probably found some wildlife to munch on and is having the time of her/his life in the backyard.
im tired blahh cant sleep bad images of the love of my life,,,,, 
@mcsc2008 In 7 hours you can miss alot. I'm going to miss out on the party nonetheless  Such is life.
@marieosmond I'm so sorry I didn't really get to talk to you tonight  I had the worst day of my life. I just wanted so much to talk to you
No pictures from relay for life.  maybe @br0nwyn_ and @maggiee26 have some to share.
@chilli2722 yes it does! I'm pretty tired right now actually..feel like I don't have a life 
asks when can he get his *regular* life back?  http://plurk.com/p/12elao
@kellifrmcompton aww aha   It's my life ambition to be on cops at least once once before i die.
i feel like crying but no tears will come. maybe this is what it feels like to live life on the run. i love you twitter. 
&quot;i hate things! i hate life! i hate it! and mostly.... i hate myself loving you!&quot; 
@iamnatassja I'm sorry honey. For some reason I woke up early full of life, zest and energy. Too bad no one else did. 
I don't fight physically ever cause being punched in the fact is my biggest fear in life and women fight dirty. I can only swear fight. 
And somehow I'm to blame for this never ending race track you call life.  I wish he loved me.
Feeling annoyed and bored. What the hell am I supposed to do with my life for two bloody months!!! I wanna go back to college!!! 
Needs my 360 back ..my life is beginning to loose all meaning 
@brightondoll bb, that just means we have no lives  thankfully @HeriCabral is worse than me ;)
very bummed out about my allergies. i wish it would simply go away. ugh. life sucks with allergies.  and so do my face, hands and back 
life's not going perfect 
@rum4life Whyfor you want to punch something?  *Kisses*
my life is surrounded by them. emotional bitches!! i feel smothered. 
no one here has a positive outlook on life 
Ugh I h8 being sad...too many stressful things goin on in my life...I think I wanna spend the rest of my day in bed 
i really wish i had things handed to me on a silver platter... facing some really hard life decisions 
life just got a whole lot suckerr 
@ashcantfail Here I sit, on the toilet, not bringing you food. life is not good 
my life is so full of fail... nephew woke up just when i wanted to go to bed 
Studying all day for an organic chemistry test...this is what my life has become...   http://yfrog.com/0d5luj
@bytey @njsmith3 not legally but still can make life hell 
Having a hard time getting used to everyday life again and misses surge! 
wants a famous person to noticve me and take me wawy into their life 
fellow tweets. i just seen the love of my life. 
in life insurance classes all weekend...shoot me now 
I have on too many clothes, but I can't show up to a hs graduation party with my BATS out. This can't be life 
@drachedrache  I resent that, I have a very well-developed sense of humor, a mature outlook on life, and the desire to be a gentleman.
It's easier to fake a smile and pretend everything is fine in everyday life then have to explain why I can't carry on 
sittin watching big brother thinking about that very special person in my life that im missing very much 
waiting to clock in...the love of my life is here of course he just doesn't know it yet and probably never will 
@redgoober4life That or imply that they are sexual deviants. Either way, it's sad. 
@dnem I am hearing our song and my life sucks without you. 
@missy_lissy life is exhausting and boredom is exhausting to the core 
@ummbongo I am a far too lazy person to actually carry out any plans I make in life... so the answer is no 
@rachaelshanker ud  first time in my life im not excited for camp
in my life, theres been heartache and pain (8), i miss you 
mba midterms are taking over my life 
@MizzGreene ikr? i miss you too  umm ... i hate being busy! kills the social life i have left lol ik u love me tho! miss u toooo!
I just left the hospital. my life sucks. Having seizures doesn't leave a good impression on recruitrs 
(annoyed) my sec life site is playing up on me 
@squarespace sometimes...sometimes I think....you are just a mean ol fake giveaway....like happiness in life #squarespace  
on my way back from younglife camp  i want to stay forever. best week of my life!
cying and shaking   i just want to crawl up in a corner &amp; die. i hate my parents. &amp; my life sucks. actually, love, life, &amp; parents suck
@frak *shrug* we all do that when what we want for ourselves doesn't coincide with another's agenda for us! That's the hard part of life 
@weiyoung I think I can sleep my whole life away. I'm always deprive of sleep! 
my head  fuck my life
just waking up.  Lots of work to do, washing, drying,ironing.  What a boring life I lead 
@authenticNERD lol but I'm determined...this once in a lifetime we HAVE to get there 
i hate my life in naples.  god help me.
I hate that I fail in everything in life. *is such a loser* 
I hate that I fail everything in life. *is such a loser* 
boo time for work  oh well such as life...
Rocking the high life again. Prolly not the best idea but its all i had 
im so overwhelmed by life right now 
@takedat @mhall214 yall can do whatever u desire...ill just watch the movie with one eye open as i smh at this debauchery called my life 
I have never felt so sick in my life 
I've come to the realization that it's time to place some distance between me and certain people in my life. 
@jessilespie i wouldnt know becuase you dont tell me your life any more 
Sometimes I wish life could be a fairy tale 
Is sleepy and hasnt eaten all day  but hitomi is fussy so such is life blah
is bored and lonely...so im playing ghost busters on the wii. i need a life 
Totally on hold for 15 minutes and when I tried to check my battery life I accidently hung up... 
The one guy at the retreat I find attractive isn't interested...story of my life 
@frogboy229 That would be the story of my life.  *sigh*
One of the most emotionally tough nights of my life I'm wearing thin  I hope this time its for real god knows I need it to be ...
My life just shattered into a million pieces.  cant believe this happened. No sleep for me tonight 
And I'll feel my world crumbling, I'll feel my life crumbling I'll feel my soul crumbling away And falling away, Falling away with you 
I have to choose between bowling and being able to hang out with my hero Lights, or going to the show of my life  I hate life right now.
life can be B*tch...  http://plurk.com/p/12lmpn
Fucking hate my life 
Woodhaven keeps me from my one true love in life.    fast food 
I have the worst acid reflux of my life right now. It sucks, bad. 
Wondering if my perception of life is widespread...looking around me, the first answer that comes to my mind is: &quot;definitely not!&quot;  
Wondering if my perception of life is widespread...looking around, the first answer that comes to my mind is: &quot;definitely not!&quot;  
@swayswaystacey wtf do you get done!! hahaha i got a few foils and a trim! and baaam she takes my life savings 
laying in bed reading. contemplating if i'll ever heal. make believe life is perfect? not after this long 
@bubble6246    unfortunately, nooo im not it hurts to walk     i bet tomorrow i will be limping a bit   xX good your loving life x x x
says this is getting more and more frustrating everyday! 
According to the real game of life i died a bitter old man 
@foxythang2000 but apparently in commentary, Marion says 'their love prevents them from having a normal life'.. so I think cement = true 
david,too bad.he will be leaving the philippines months from now.i'm talking about the love of my life..hayy. 
for the first time in my habbo history life...iv been officially freaked out by something sexual someone said 
Murphys law...that's my life  oh no, everything goes wrong. Heeeeeeeeeeeelp
need my share of gossip. life is boring 
Too many hangovers in everyones life. Too much alcohol 
#Iranelection I feel for the people there but all this effort and loss of life just to put a very slightly different man in charge... 
says My life is so boring.  http://plurk.com/p/12p1cg
that was the worst night of my life. ughhhh. my back is in so much pain from sleeping on that cot!!  ouchh!
If you're lucky enough to be around the special dad in your life, be sure to spend every second w/him today! There are so many who can't. 
..what a boring life 
@ValWeir and ummmm picking up the love of your life from the airport...how dare you leave that 1 specific little thing out!  tear!
i hate life at the moment, when will things get better? 
I wish life had a fast forward button! 
Missing the love of my life 
gain weight   story of my life damn it
Thinking about the sence of life... I can't see anything right now... 
@ddlovato it would make my life if i could write a song with you before your show in virginia 
aaargh!! my head hurts. why do life has to be so complicated? i pity my friend. 
@mileycyrus what more could you possibly want? you have the perfect life, im so jealous of you i want to be you so badly 
just woke up still having the most normal summer of my life   @superlam duuude when we gonna kick it
like a prisoner in my own life. it's horrible. i need someone to console me 
@i_stacey tues mite as well b a life time away 
so pxxxxsed of with a certain some1  i hate this life right now but !! dont know what to do.... ((((((((
life  is pretty boring these day s 
gosh, I never update my status on this thing... my life is crazy. fight, make up, babysit, baby-free, swim, and work again. all in 3 days 
Living the worst time of my life.... I have never felt so sad or despaired in my life. everything gone wrong 
need to work out..getting fat everyday 
need to work out..getting fat everyday 
headed to c m.d. barbie needs a life for sure misssed 
@ChantiParnell yesss, real life he is gay 
WTH?! I want my life back  I'm dying 
@cedej17 i wanna watch the secret life. 
Trying to keep up with my online social life but my work and home life seem to take up most of my time. 
@TuttoBene It brings back so many sweet memories... man I wish I were 16 again  life was great back then.
@handymanny88 chickens are bad  they deserve to live! haha. [ just had chipotle and tea ] life is good!
When you finish a 650 page novel you feel kind of lost. Where are my characters now?  I want them back in my life.
work 6-10, missing the secret life 
A whole bunch of things in my life seem so irrelavant now...life is important. Although I lost my favorite aldo shoes in the wreck. 
When life is good I wish someone told me to brace for impact... :\ 
@mileycyrus because you are brilliant, sos everything a model to follow, in another life i like see you since in this it is impossible 
@dwgirl4life um... i don't know of anything... half of everyhing i watch is in re-runs 
ugh fuck life. just another victim to love.. 
at home, watching secret life, really burnt 
That was the wettest dental appointment of my life. And i couldn't keep the goggles  
just got off scooby doo's hauntes mansion. never been so scared in my whole entire life 
studying for the rest of my life wat else is new 
watching secret life by myself. yay 
@CatharineLK life isn't fair sometimes 
the secret life was so good..but a sad ending  going to bed, spanish regents in the morning ughh
I feel like life is becoming so meaningless. It's starting to feel like an endless cycle. I need to break out of the cycle. 
is getting sick of issues happening to other peoples stuff ups!! Then I have to fix them. But thats the life I lead... 
K so secret life was interesting I would have never guessed that her dad was going to die 
@karleigh amen i feel bad for the kids  but secret life was amazing!
the ending of secret life mad me want to  cry.. 
yes the secret life was soo sad i felt soo bad for grace 
@tweeetdiane I know, eh...life feels a bit more empty once the concerts are over. 
im so bored, and its warm out, and i have nothing to do! fuckk my life! 
life certainly isnt getting much better... i could sure use a hug right now 
I am completely disillusioned by working life, its not as fun as I thought it would be when I was stuck at uni! 
Really have a weird feeling, i think someone just walked out of my life without telling me.. 
the secret life of the american teenager was good yesterday. i feel so bad 4 grace 
@shanicdesign I do feel bad for the sis. It has 2 be tough 2 have your sis's life on every media site. But, that's life in the public eye 
missing last 25mins of interhouse tennis tomoz...not fair...i always miss the gud things in life 
I'm gonna say sumtin I prob will neva say again in life,I'm hurt 
its just hard when you see them everyday... 
@dvntownsend This made me want some oatmeal... I've only had it about once in my life 
At starbucks again, i dont have a life 
grrr - approaching empty battery mid-session situation again despite long life battery...   #mlib09
wishes she was living someone else's life today... 
feelingg like shit ., sometimes i hate my life 
missed the last two episodes of greek and miss the season premiere of secret life  life sucks!
@caseyclick i missed u on my twitters... and in my life 
Such a shitty day  Jelly tots are giving me a new lease of life.
is unhappy  need to lose the weight i put on and get on wit my life!
dougs car.. omg  my life sucks lol
She is home...and then after an hour she is back in hospital...why life isn't fair?why does it have to be like that?some inocent kid 
life is so bloody unfair!  makes you realise that your problems are nothing in comparison to some.
I will not feel deprived if I never have the opportunity to power wash another deck my entire life 
need to work out..getting fat everyday 
@lovesgreyboy  its awful but makes u appreciate the people in your life more i found! i literally cant watch it! i thought it was a comedy
@rcklss4u where is the job at  growing up is a bitch. life should be simpler.
life is not goodwhen the  =(   guys are on twitter ...i am not !!!     i am so sad *cry*
I'm in panic, i hate when i get stuck with videogames. I want my life back 
@jonaskevin i know that you have fans a lot, but try answer me, please  love you and your brothers,jonas brothers are me life,my big dream
@paigekaitlin@rebview life sucks, I hate work and not having money 
I miss my partner on my roller coaster of life 
i just remember my best day of my life , i want to cry    29
@griffmiester i know, i have a problem.  it's become a repository for my life!
just got back from vacation with the love of my life, back to reality on friday 
@MikeMarquez What did you expect??? You play hard to get, I gotta give up sometime...I cant be desperate the rest of my life!!!!! 
@SinaAmedson me too, i eat them though they are fast easy and yummy, like everything else in life i can never seem to resist  : P
my life is soooo sucky right now. 
When I'm done cleaning, I'm never touching another fucking blind again in my life. It doesn't help either when there are ants by my feet. 
i am already missing the love of my life 
@DiamondCouture SAME. story of my life...sounds so dpressing 
Swimming everday is a little to much, burnt. 
life sucks i need someone that would care for me 
So there is moar than 2  well life is life lol there is a mexican gang sign in my avatar
omg,,, I hate this life... study, home, study home,,,, what a life. I just hate it!!! aarrghh,,,!! 
is frustrated with life!  it's sad when u have the best job in the world and dread going to work in the morning. What is wrong with me?! 
@Beckysuelovesu way to not answer my call   this weekend is ours. all i need in this life is sin is vegas &amp; my best friend! just saying.
i have never been so bored online.. in my life..  @maanmarquez like saan? i'm so bored
 Totally screwed up the best thing in my whole life.
this has been the worst day.......  sometimes i really don't like my life.
ewwww I'm up and ready for work, I hate my life 
@PenelopeHeart i'm not impressed by the battery life one bit, the battery seems shite 
still not out! have to get back to reality  off to mugging!!! argh! i hate the realities of life
im missing my best friends  when life gives us lemons, what do we do?
Wish the love of my life was here hanging out.He would if he could! He's always fun!!  he hates when I'm sad so here's a smile 
i felt like I don't have a life... being sick makes u feel down. 
want to bring back the same old days in my life! 
what a boring life i lead 
@prettypinkglitt good! looks like she was being nasty to lollipop26 as well. i cant believe there is so much hate in life... so sad! 
Acting up pay gone  my life is a misery.
I can tell this is going to be the worst day of my life 
i'm sure i've got a huge list of things to do but for the life of me i can't find it or be bothered to look -- i'm not well 
i hate this time in my life; i need holidays - so i can do 22.5 hours of maths paper; fuck my life 
life gets complicated as u grow...   
life gets more complicated as u grow...   so stop crying about the complications n start enjoying
Another one. I always feel bad when I get emails asking for cupcake lessons  For the life of me, I cant teach. And I dnt have space.
and now another friend's mum has taken a turn for the worse  life is so cruel, especially cancer 
the longest day of my life is about to start 
life sucks sometimes 
my life is going down the shitter right now  , but I do have somethings that are looking on the up and up
Home! from the most amazing experience of my life! miss it already 
I just wasted 3 hours due to bad form usability (italian passport renewal form = horrible) - life is too short for bad usability people! 
@Girlfriendology that is such a true quote I miss the friends I moved away from  life was just sweeter then
ughh. why does he have to be so cute?  damn it. haha. life's so cruel.
Ive been reading steampunk webcomics for the last 2 hours. got to get my life right, visiting the baby + @FriendCatcher missingladydjnite 
waking up at 4:15 for a swim meet. my life sucks, i know. 
i think i lost nearly everyone who was important in my life ... the last ones today   where's my place where did I go wrong? 
I'm worried about my doggie.  The doc didn't have good news   She's been a part of my life for 16 years.  what am i going to do?
 so depressed. I hate everyday right now.
ima go crazy with out him...  oh' well...thats life....I think i'm finally seeing the bigger picture...and I'm in love...
has nothing to do, shows how boring my life is 
Sitting @ work, bored to tears lol  need a life~don't we all
Has anyone ever told themselves to stop thinking about a person, but when u go to sleep their all u dream about? That's when life sucks. 
thinks that some things in life are inevitable...like being in love with the wrong person 
@patrickeatworld takboleh. i am so in loveeeeeeeeeeee  life sucks. FMMFL
My life sucks 
@danielamezcua So sad  life is but a moment or like the life span of a cut flower...rest in peace, my prayers are with her family.
@CrysROC yep...tht cancer claimed her life 
Aww thanks. I'm messing up my make up  I've worked so hard between music n school and my personal life...I can't please the world
@JonathanRKnight  i do embrace the simple life.  simple things like a new kids reunion makes me an extremely happy girl 
@mademoiselledee That is one freaky movie. I like &quot;I got life&quot; 
@CTesdahl well you can always digg or stumble...both have aided me greatly in wasting countless hours of my life 
Maybe if I jus listen to hawaiian music everyday my life will be more relaxing haha no? (via @lisakimfleming)worked for me 
at work - listening to punk rock &amp; about to eat face cake - life is a mad lil drug 
late night mcd's run and back for more homework. ahhh, the life 
pierce surprised me w/ 2 koi fish today! he's the best!!!  did i mention he's remodeling the whole apt?i'm so grateful for him in my life!
@KristineBam well maybe I can help make your life not suck tomorrow  good luck dear
Ahhh...signs of life in twitter land 
ok now im really about to wash my hair.... got FIVE shows this week.... man! But hey, this is the life i chose. The life of a dancer... 
adjusting to the twitter life 
life is already a blessing, but you never know when it's about to get even more blessed! keep your heads up  goodnight twitter world!
is loving the sunshine, loving having slept, loving life in general 
another day another million books to process....ah the good life 
life is fantastic    shopping with my favourite cousins today. then sleepover  x
@ravogd my weird dreams are a part of my life now and make me who i am  xxxxxxxxx
enjoying half term, a new house and a new life 
@life_in_clomo we have very similar taste. So of course I approve of yours as well! 
Goes without saying. Funnest night of my life just ended 
@KatvoBot  It's the staple and nectar of life 
flower shop time, then i get to see manda.  i'm still trying to do better...its so hard. i don't like life sometimes.
@fallbrooke You.. replied... ahhh! This is like.. THE greatest day of my life! haha 
is bored bored bored bored....  need some entertainment in my life!    Hmmmmmmmmmm......
it's a wonder life 
waiting on 10:30 to roll around so I can take a break. thinking about the love of my life 
inner peace - love - light - healing - it changed my life 
my disney sing it game loves me  it tells me i'm good, even though i can't sing to save my life.
@Erictdf I had french toast! it was delish  *music=life&lt;3 *
Burning in the sun @ turtlehead .. love life 
best days of your life-kellie pickler i love the video with @taylorswift13 
@warrenellis major bot problem. What a life. 
@Lisakristinee  awww ur life is complete now  hes very nice and funny as hell rite
@OlgaOvaltina he's not sad as long as i'm pissing off the locals - new aim in life 
Lovely day in the sun  Now I have to write a paper...oh the life of a perpetual student
@blktrav I need a double double in my life...pause the onions 
@atomicpoet well, not as long as you have a life - lol!  It's ok though, to not spend most of your day here 
Is officially the fittest I've ever been in my life!!! w000t!!!!! I can train at 185bpm for 40 mins 
cleaning my room and listening to songs about moving on with my life. 
@davepeck oh sad....the life of a married man!!!!  
wow 12 am and i don't want to sleep :S the best day of my life 
I think of things I want in life - I manifest. 
assistindo 'im not there'. me apaixonando... folk for life, with soul. boa noite 
im about to watch confessions of a shopaholic aka my life story  really excited for hugh dancy
Loving life.  goodnight!
@ajonasxo you're obsessed with that movie.. get a life 
 zac efron makes me wanna love life. Haha
@jinadcruz of course not. It means u need someone smart in your life to monetise your content! 
life definately put a smile on my facr tonite 
life is full of love if you let it in and reach out to it. thank you for a heartfelt evening universe 
@solipsistic A book I fill with images &amp; text of how I envision my life to be &amp; become  see pic:  http://twitpic.com/3l2o7
muahahaha, just took a survey where I totally bashed on microsoft, and most importantly vista. It's the little things in life 
@kidsis it is the misery and joy of my life. 
definatly learning alot of life lessons at the moment..and i wouldnt have it any other way 
finnishing the best discussion of my whole life 
Planning to get stuck into housework today...but we all know that's not going to happen!!! The sun is shining and life's too short 
Today is the beginning of the rest of my life 
@Spitphyre well what to do...i have friends from all walks of life...i don't discriminate based on intelligence or evolutionary status 
@trance4life86 not that i heard! good pick on a song to wait for though   #asot400
@gerardway I can't waight  till the new albam is out  you guys saved my life you rock
life's good.... so don't spoil it! 
im proud of myself, just cleaned my whole desk which has been my trashcan for the last 2 months - ahhh small profits of the everyday life 
@tommcfly You guys succeeded, I had the best night of my life 
ive got my whole life ahead of me to mess it up 
@delicateone Your sad life that you share with all of us! 
has an awesome bunch of kids that share life 
@rndphLIVE great of you to be thankful for the beautiful things in your life, 
hateful comments are just compliments in disguise-taking control of my life.  I choose the ending to my story 
@dinidu thats life man, you never get attention from the one you need attention from 
Y'know - doing podcasts is one of the more enjoyable aspects of my life 
is about to get up and get the rest of the trash out of my life 
action speakz loder than voice !!!!!! so live ur life 
getting things right this time, and is erasing all those who don't deserve to be in his life 
is going to visit one of the people who had the most influence on my life. i'm excited. 
@trixie360 Pancakes are one of the 3 perfect foods in life - glad to hear you can still enjoy them! 
@crusaderz4life As long as the sun is shining it is hard to find a downside to anything 
@WEGMusic I'd love oneee. they are my life. fan since 2006. 
&quot;You just spent 9 months trying to get out, then the rest of your life trying to get in&quot; wise words from a dad to his male newborn 
@soulb um... the opposite of relaxing  - life is crazy at the moment
watching life of ryan 
Hey, It's been awhile  i like changes &amp; this year definitely changed me &amp; my surroundings a lot. I'm lovin life&lt;3
should have gone to bed much earlier than now but we can't live life in the past can we? GOODNIGHT! 
its good when you know you touched someones life and appreciate your existence and effort...  (i feel good)
two new songs. i'm so excited. it feels fantastic. i missed this. life is/has been so good today. 
@bcide Thanks, I did.  About six years of my life. 
Does anyone else think that life would be more exciting and calmer if life was a musical...its just a theory but i think it would !!! 
@pierre_nel half-life 2 main campaign  episode 2 is pretty awesome
cant wait to go home and finish watching life 
every monday matters - enjoy life &amp; have fun 
@kleamccombs    knowing you makes my life wonderful &lt;3 haha thankyou sweetheart! it's okay now :]
@HOLLYWOODYAH haha i know  the best thing ever would to have a life like friends, haha. i'd be monica seeing as i'm crazy and i cook xD
@MussoMitchel hey mitchel! your a funny and great guy! how is the life of mitchel land haha? 
music saves my life!!. it would be suck without music. 
greatest day of my life yesterdee 
thinks Once is a beautiful unfinished story of our lives ... 
@PeterBlackQUT @thetowncrier  ok, I confess, I like the logies too!  I even possessed one once.  It lived a happy life on my toilet 
5 days till life/ the concert, but really they aze the same thing,.   
@Hannais haha me too  they are the nicest band i have ever met in my entire life!
Holding on to dear life for these last two hectic weeks of class and finals... Then it's freedom!!! I like freedom... 
wow.. couldnt have asked for a better day.. perfect.. im blessed with amazing people in my life!  homebase
in this city. time for school. well getting ready that is. fuck this life 
@davefmv yeahh  best bus journey ovf ma life 
@BrianHobbz I'm a rebel.  I need some excitement in my life anyhow! 
life's short, use hotkeys, shortcuts, mouse gestures, launchy and google 
Lying in bed , talking to the love of my life 
holy fuck for the first time i think in my whole life, its still the holidays for my birthday. omg. 
@lovelovelove87 own life that is seperate from yours, ive just been feeling alone and conflicted with myself but ill pull through lol 
this day might have changed my life.. 
Lying awake in bed is the best time to think. About life. 
I don't regret my life or really anything how can you? I pray for better, and he will show me the way  amen goodnight    ~melissa~  melise
@alanrenouf I'm working from home today... life sucks doesn;t it 
@liquidwings - Everything in this life hav purpose. There are no mistake, no coincidence, all event r blessings given to us to learn from 
I've tried to convince him. Now I've given up and am just living my life 
I just woke up.  I'm doing my hair, eating cereal, getting ready and then going to school.  Only 3 days until the best night of my life. 
From 2 days ago, I started a new life without TV  Not sure i can keep doing this, thou.
I got all my fucking life to live 
goodnight world. time to go dream of a more happier life.   &lt;3
@joeyroberson I love you babe. Just peacefully, blissfully simple as that. You are the light of my life, and the wind beneath my wings 
the best things in life are always worth waiting for 
@phillymac all super nice dear ... life is good and calm 
is happy with life at the moment, hope it stays that way. 
@pdenlinger  Maybe in your next lifetime? ..lol..
@Peties_Pam LOL well I missed that altogether didn't I? lol &amp; yes, that 2 is a challenge sometimes...life seems 2 b full of them! 
too funny. love and laugh... and life will be ok  good night twittown!
@JaimeMcKnight games the get hard remix...dedicated to the ghost in my life...the ddg's will get it 
@heidimontag I love movie nights with the love of your life 
@feelme life makes you a jackie of all trades 
livin - lets enjoy life guys!!!! cheers =] if we are positive life is more positive fer real  xoxo
@johncmayer I have never experienced such a thing. I have lived a very sheltered life 
new application to make my life more better as a night dwelling person: f.lux http://www.stereopsis.com/flux/ eyes no longer hate screen! 
what a beautiful day...life is fucking good !!!!!!!!! 
@ktrayyy haha you probably do any just don't realize it  haha. jk. but seriously pretty much all girls suck at life.
@jeslynfonggg being emotional is better than no feelings  all these spice up our life so that it won't be too bland
@janetsong I know, it is a great size. but it's been such a pain! i almost wanna take the best offer just to get it out of my life! 
@tommcfly it's actually law of humans' life... I suppose we should reconcile ourselves to it 
@prolificd Thanks man! I'm hoping I don't lose my social life coz of bootstraplogo 
scaling and root planning.. hard life of a periodontist 
@ThaQuintessence PC has a way of causing unwanted drama in my life. That's why I'm planning on keeping my butt in the house with my fam 
says congratulations kelly for completing the race for life 
waking up to birds singing and raindrops' rhythms on my rooftop... work all day so i can play later  life is good...
let's c what 2 day brings into my life 
a pint, some chips and a good movie  life is good!!!
@wilcolley but you are right. I am a little whiner. Should stop it and start enjoying my life in full 
I am talking to the guy ive been waiting my whole life 
Is leading a life with someone he loves and shes got this smile he just cant deny. Never was much for fishing the sea...guess I got lucky 
about to watch a movie with the love of her life 
happy #hoppusday  haha. just went for a walk, it's so nice out. good luck to leanne at race for life today!
looking for somebody with soundtrack from VickyCristinaBarcelona and looking forward to new challenges in life... time solves everything 
@JadedTLC  you make my life on twitter that much better!
likes her life the way it is. silly and all 
I wish there was a delete/rewind button on life 
hanging out in the townhouse ... thx god for this life ! 
@NancyRants   f*@k off! I can have as many mid-life crises as I want   Friends of mine are the promoters.
I just finished organizing my traditional drawings im still unsatisfied. But oh well. another weekend  -swares she has a life on the wkns-
@heidimontag your wedding looked amazing. congratulations to the both of you, may your life be filled with peace and love 
race for life todaaaaay! have had some toast in preparation 
The sun is up, holy wow.  Tears for Fears make life 
loving life. &amp; yet again, another successful day. goodnight world 
good bonding time at relay for life. 
@LadyFate and if those conversations make more sense mixed up in your dream then real life...what do you do? 
@tommcfly mcfly's future = definitly germany!  i love life, too  just have a lot of adrenalin in me and i don't know why 
@tommcfly must be a fun life  i love your music and cant wait till you come over to aus next would love to get a reply  ox
making coffee, trying to roll husband out of bed, and three lear old running and singing circles around me. I love my life! 
http://twitpic.com/4h6wt - without a doubt, the best night of my life! 
hahahahahahaaha my life is beautiful right now 
@DanRMorris we have 2 yr old in her life, who has had 2 heart surgeries and always said we wanted a typical child.. She sure is one! 
@mittermayr life sounds tough at the moment eh ? 
@stinginthetail crying like 'omg my new wife is so beautiful, this is the happiest moment of my life'. 
@joebrooksmusic i must guess... walk of life - dire straits? 
@ninjafocus Thanks, it was great, apart form the fall!  How's life going for you? x
Worship was amazing.  ready for my second kids life. Yay!
eating a chewy which makes me feel yukky! my awesome life 
@scooprandell You are too kind to me! I take what life throws at me, cry, sulk, pray, then put on a smile! lol 
@jeffbalke its ok, she still lives a very happy life 
Guess what........I just had my life turning in an minute, then it did it again, again, and again, nifty how the earth rotates isn't! 
@LeslieIsBomb lesliee you have no life!  youre talkingg about a shower &amp; food?  i talked to a.d.s. 2day! 
finals week-- then off to florida to start my life as a full time adult! 
@SeiferFm : why must disapointed ? enjoy your life and let it all out 
@NCantarano I know - if I could just repeat senior year over and over again for the rest of my life I would be sooo happy 
@Busymom What your favorite color is and why, what might have influenced it, and how that's affected your life / decorating / everything. 
life is good....goodnight 
is making amends and fixing my life. Things are great right now. I just miss my baby. 5-6 more days! I'm counting down! LOL! 
2nite was one of the best nites in my life...lets hope it continues                ...crushin 
@dhlawrencexvii go for it.  If it improves quality of life on your end then its a great positive for others who know you.  
@RobinTaylorRoth i couldn't tame my hair to save my life! lol as for food, i could eat fruit all day 
@melissaa18 and then she thinks her life is a mess, but then it all becomes better again  yay happy ending!
@tux_89 I love that your loving life 
so so so happy.  everything is wonderful. i love life.
@jonsoklahomagrl anxiety my whole life..got it from my mom..so if u ever need someone to talk to when your having troubles I'm here  We r
@crusaderz4life awww you are so sweet to send me such a tweet treat 
i get so sucked in to true life, and that steve-o documentary was intense, i love that shit, it's nice to see people get their lives back 
@ELLISNYC we should all be down to earth. don't none of us walk on water  I'm just some horny nerd trying to find my way thru life lol
the best things in life are free  x
is loving life in sydney   
i just woke up and remembered theres no school!!! life is good  xxxxxx
mmm... hot chocolate, ugboots and topgear... life is good. 
@lharp @franto it's an app to finally face the truth: you lack time, and never be able to achieve all your goals in life? 
i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i don't make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk 
@aussiecynic mostly just going to work and then update my twilight blog  basically, that's my life. Is it sleeptime for you?
@Lathams they do indeed  glad to hear everything is good with you. I'm great  life is good 
coffee. gym. studio.  story. of. my. life. these. days.     so grateful.
@taylorswift13 guess what i listened to love story 425 times on my ipod. You evil woman youve taken over my life ! Lol 
Already up and in the clouds, cod4 and French toast, best day of my life 
@unfolder There's no pause button in the game of life. 
@impaulgriffiths pauly wallly ! you made my life fucking happy as hell and i love you x3 you should reply back to me 
@ronenk @jewlicious Guys, nothing is free in life. Where is my shidduch money? 
@zacjones13 why, hello there  How's life on the other side of the screen?
is highly amused I wasn't treated nicely like any other patient..not my fault my life is better than yours. 
so star trek pretty much rocked my life ... oh wait, it DID rock my life 
Sadness is a necessary evil in life; it gives us reason to remember and appreciate the things we lose 
listening to the best days of your life by kellie pickler 
Watching snl because the love of my life is hosting 
@ Sly party enjoying life  partying tonight.....maybe?
@katyperry the good life!!! - under a honeymoon 
Watching movies with my dad and talking about life 
my life is so exhilerating  family kingdom is such a good summer sport!!! and so is swimming in the ocean at night with kristin 
is watching life of ryan 
just sitting here watching my babies, life can be amazing afterall 
@emmacrook Not going to dwell on it. It happened, it's passed. Just a shame as he was so supportive! Such is life!  x
There are wonderful people in my life who I think I can handle only in small doses  &amp; there is just 1 I cud be with every hour, everyday.
@onlyvicky Would you believe that I'm done with homework for the rest of my life?  
wooo am recovering from running race for life yest!!! i managed 36 mins 44secs, not bad for absolutley no trianing 
@Puppetguy indeed, we live a life on the edge of things, and one foot foul of the law!! 
U know sometimes I just look into my 3 babies eyes and I thank god everyday for them........They are  my life!! 
@half_a_life been using it for quite sometime now. Feels nice to have a medium thro' which you can shout out stuff to the world 
feeling pretty good right now, loving life 
@MadameButcher Your domestic twittering has been an enlightening and brave report from the midst of the battle zone known as family life 
@LaChatNoir and the internet still functions  your arm too, life is good
@NileyLover09 Looking through icons, listening to music, watching secret life. lol. you?? 
@pj4life I promos I will leave on time today!!!  
@Jazzled4life whaaaat!   This is why next time I have to be there too so you both will be forced to take crazy pics.  
@avabremen hahaha I stalk you...you stalk celebs...its the circle of life  lol
@SandiHockeyMom I bet. I've heard she's pretty funny anyway in real life. 
writing songs...just mucking around with my true life inspired ideas 
@annathomasmusic gosh...I love this show...I wil be happy once it's over and I can going back to regular life 
for the life of me, I cannot stop liking that boy...even if he does act like a dbag. :/. also, yay for being home 
life and its webs it weaves... glad we're brought closer during the simplest of things...  fam
@SeanMurphyFans in my opinion, i think one life fits.... 
@sarahstanley I like having a real keyboard too  makes my life simple!
: life is tough, but beautiful. jia you! 
in bed with the love of my life 
http://twitpic.com/50sca She lights up our lives 
@OCDrumBarbie I would hope so  but, I mean, I'm not gonna tell you two how to live your life
@kylieireland @adriannanicole @amberrayne -thx for the noodles for life! 
eating cereal and listening to green day. life isn't all bad, people. 
is going to super pamper himself today!!! and for the rest of his life too... 
The most amazing concert  had the time of my life
@mileycyrus goodnight! my sweetheart. luv u for life. u r as beautiful as an angel!  u seriuosly brought destiny into my life and da world
@S3xLuvzM3 u just saved yo life 
@shesC3 nthnn much stressing my life away ..i need drugs lmaoff ,, how you chicceee 
@crusaderz4life You're right- it never hurts to try 
@KimSherrell I've been really great thanks, shedding the stress of corp life, now working freelance and its beautiful  and you ?
@telemekus i had a severe eating disorder most of my life and it messed me up in many ways. recovering from THAT triggered my vanity 
@angelbabybop oh I see. do you like your life in new zealand? 
has just made the perfect cup of tea. Ah, it's the little things in life 
you are very cute , this is my reason of life  I love you miley &lt;3
Just had a great D&amp;M with @yiyinglu , the creator of the fail whale,  about art, fate, and the pyramid of life satisfaction  #ignitesydney
just spent 2 hrs just going through emails... so this is life when you become involved with onine communities... I don't really mind it 
Trying to pay bills, and then out into the big wide world for a haircut... don't you wish you had my life 
@paigeebaby haha i know aye, dw its fine.  my life does revolve around my bands  XD how are you btw?
@justine_hughes nooo high on life lol  hows u?
@Maariyah this sounds like my life for the next two weeks, except i'm not ill and I dont like cricket.... get better soon 
so excited about finishing uni and closing that chapter of my life - ready for new adventures and hopefully some travelling 
@wombtobloom LOL! No, I am usually up very late  That's the life of a mama biz owner 
When life gives you a thousand reasons to cry...show life a thousand reasons to smile  so smile big!!
Morning  its the first day of the rest of my life
@feylya meh! I try to change things and I always revert back - story of my life! 
wish i could live life like a professional baller 
@tsoslow That looks awesome  I need a beach in my life... ;-)
Just got off the phone with the love of my life. Feels good to be getting along again, like old times 
@LostMarilyn This is the best day in my life 
@YarnHarlot sounds like life is good after sucking eggs yesterday!  Yay 
for once in my life i have top say i love yall int he univerese and i belive  happy days peeps
Just finished a 2 hour conversation with hubby about life and challenges ppl face today, my brain hurts now 
Where ever I go now I'm making an effort to hang out with my fellow illegals, and fully experiance the life in the shadows 
Sitting in my car waiting for the love of my life to rescue me from drinking too much  I love ron burleson forever and ever
the love of my life just got on facebook yay!  hahh
@denverdan4life I can think of a better way to release it 
I feel this summer is going to change my life for the better, and oh how excited I am  dream big!
@eeshkapeesh That they very much do, equal love.   I've had PC's my whole life as well.
On my way home from dive with the love of my life 
@ashleycauthen you know im still seeing my life in technicolor ii!! 
@PinkBerryGirl I'm always relaxed , life isn't worth get up tight about. And I have you  can't get any better
everything went wrong today, but we still pulled through, and had a fun time. that's life, and we make the best of it 
re-constructing my life and re-shaping it 
feels it is the time to hate her life.  http://plurk.com/p/uavd4
my life is complete! i found Crystalised mp3 
the latest in my life http://www.rachelmpearson.wordpress.com  I am so tired and happy 
@bradiewebbstack ive meet him before at a circus thing!! he is nice and even funnier in real life!  x
@hotmamabrew we all need some support in our lives...always nice to know that even a stranger cares about anothers well being 
? ? tegan and sara ? ?  watching the con now  life is good 
@REGYATES can you ask tom to say hello to tasha wilshire  he watched my video would make my life (:
@EbonyVixen my mind lives in the gutter 
@REGYATES can you ask tom to say hello to tasha wilshire  he watched my video would make my life x
@REGYATES can you ask tom to say hello to tasha wilshire  he watched my video would make my life
@REGYATES can you ask tom to say hello to tasha wilshire  he watched my video would make my life x
@FlissTee yes unfortunately - but at least there are still a few hours left lol - can't wish my life away 
it is time now  art is a way of life  http://winner4all.blogspot.com
Finally hooommmeee... finally have internet.... life is goood 
bf making brunch, i get to tweet. life's good 
@SheriShambles they are welcome to crawl back into their meaningless worlds of bullshit marketing, relentless paid links &amp; life coaching! 
Just ate dim sum (mmm paper-wrapped chicken)...life is good 
@Vanderleun  #tcot: You know, read a different way, your slogan could  work on a pro-life T-shirt, too. 
I had so much fun lastnight.. I never laughed so much in my life. 
@CarpeDi3m haha yeah I know! life is good as always. setbacks happen, but what can you do? 
@HappyLotus no doubt! as my astronomy teacher told us, simplest things in life are hardest to discover and explain. like e=mc^2 
@mosaicinland im ready to live an unexplainable life 
@SMITHOGRAPHY u kno who YOU are &amp; YOU are about....real recognizes real just let them make fall upon themselves  I've learnt that in life
@cazp09 absolutely!! it was the best night of my entire life  xx
@xshozi i love them  and i just bought the record life's ep.
life is not measured by the number of breaths we take.but by the number of moments that take are breath away 
People in my life make me laugh, even on my bad days 
@DLDAVID and yes, u win at life!  heheh! can i win at life too??
sorry about the spamm guys  to my followers, your all amazing  hope you all enjoy reading about my excititng life.
seriously. one of the best days of my life. 5/17/09. ftw. 
its pouring again...life on an island...but i love it 
today one of the most fantastcs days of my life! goodnight and goodbye people!  xo!
can a person have just one  day free from assholes seriously get a f**** life !
I feel like knitting some cabled dishcloths. I used to be an avid knitter, then life got in the way  it's very relaxing!
this is day 4 of my married life 
@lianacordes there one thing that I would love to make my life great if miley tweets me 
oh life.  sometimes...i hate you.  
first day of new life ! let's rock now 
I have something to say: my life would suck without you ... I love you so much 
@ddlovato amen to that! change is just part of life 
&quot;only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.&quot; 
you're my angel, you are the only sunshine in my life, feels like heaven when you take me in your arms 
&quot;only a life lived for others is a life worth while.&quot; 
this is what always happened.... u n me.. laughing and wasting time.. love u my best friend for all my life 
@JBeauty life is about all the catchin up that has 2 be done=wide awake n buzy 
Wochenmotto  'When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.'
I came here to reconnect w/ ppl, learn about myself, shake my life up, hope to find answers &amp; make some decisions. think it's working! 
@PhDgirl_inwar  haraaam hang on to life ..hang on to life 
@justinkdavies You're welcome - on both counts. How's life in the daylight-saving averse west? 
People that make me laugh make life so much more fun! 
@3rdmusik always!  i don't think there is ever a dull moment in my life.
life is a lemon and i want my money back 
@theknickermafia how is life over yorkshire way today? 
loving life ,staying strong, and loving all those amazing boybands 
twitterrific makes my life complete, 
@heybonnie Who is the love of your life? 
@philly_girl haha, no way!!! i hope u dont get lost! its practically life size 
Lol @cosmicmother - just when I thought this day couldn't get any stranger, but hey, That's life 
feeling swell for no real reason at all. sometimes life is o.k. 
@ddlovato i agree! friendship requires real effort even when one is busy with their own lives. 
just waking up, i really needed this day off. i never drank so much everclear in my life. that shit was goof though lol 
@wanderblah That looks like a life that could be fun, depending on which way or how much you swing 
exciting week ahead.. my life feels like a movie 
@KFearson2 live life with no regrets  everyone makes mistakes, but you can't go back and fix them, so no regrets.
@postsalot I am hoping the same lets be positive this week is going to be the best of our life 
mm muffins and mountain dew.. what a life 
eatting life savers in biologyyyy!!  perfect way to start off the day c:
LOL @scottrmcgrew tis my life sequence.  I make the time to take care of me and guard it most vigilantly !
rough life, but I guess somebody has to live it! 
im in science  life is confusing.
@michellefabio I hope you and yours are all enjoying life 
@vettuh okay  I have no life too rushing my presentation stuff right now so very bad! haven't had enough sleep over the past few days
@dubbayoo Lol, yes, but then my life would get rather too expensive 
@MassAppealPR loving life  What about you?  What's good in the hood?
@hypnophil thank you  however nothing much to tell. have crohns, have horrid meds, fight all the way to have 'normal' life.
They ask me what's one thing I want in life. And I said I already met mara woo 
I am learning it is better to slow down and observe change as oppose to jumping right into it. It is the double dutch of life 
@crusaderz4life You are very welcome! xo 
have a precious thing in my life 
fahzy lee your life would be boring without me haha 
Feeling happy  ... a new page in our life is starting!
My life hates me. So much! But i dont hate my friends anymore  haha.
Extremely happy  For once I'm not going to over analyze every little detail about everything. Sit back and let life happen.
@SalaamPoetic  it's a good poem. thanks  i probably will. then i'll wonder at the weirdness of life and it starts all over 
@lynnefairess at least rescued4life ain't using their work of 
so...having a coffee break and listenig to THE STREETS...two of the best things in my life 
wedding planning, late into the night... loves my life 
@twilightfairy indeed! for so long monsoon has been defining our lives..err..atleast our economy's  #monsoon
@Documentally It's a father's duty to teach his son that life is for enjoying - make good use of your time together 
@shesamanhater food has replaced sex in my life. now i cant even get into my own pants  x
''i'm just a kid and life's a nightmare'' // that song always reminds me of ''cheaper by the dozen''  i love that movie....
@AlfredoPacino There are more important things in life! 
@DavidArchie hey david, just wanted to ask you, how do your days get filled? a life of a star, whats it like? 
i just wake up and plaayed a little bit guitar  flameco!!4life
I have the day off and have been awake since 4 I love my life 
is &quot;just a boy. trying to change his life for the better&quot;. bring it on. 
Washing out, washing-up down and my cuppa hasn't colded down too much - ahh the life of a self employed developer  . time to blog i think.
@koshkanott Those should be everyday! 
im getting ready for a drastic life changing mouth surgery! 
@prendio2 I really wasnt expecting that music to kick in, frightened the life out of me 
Gets to be with the love of her life today 
@eef_c welcome to my life  although it hasn't been that quiet this week at all, strange.
@HoneyBee0903 Heeeeeey, what up? Your man is about to ruin my life via pop quizzes. 
sentence of the day: don't waste your time with trying to be someone else, you have just one life, live it! 
I wish I could watch parts of my life back in a movie!! This is so perfect 
@mrskavs  and by the way i don't make a dime off it honestly i just like to  help people  swimming saved my life! allen
@sheenabeaston I couldn't agree more. I've only had one manicure in my life and it chipped off that day. I'm not delicate enough I guess. 
So So proud of myself for yesterday. And really happy to welcome someone back into my life after kicking them out so long ago. 
@LadeeLeanne and i told you things only get better with life 
is having a moment of appreciating life and creation 
@anthonyjohnston Its rewarding when you can better someones life  plus often very funny
time for a shower and some coffee....thankful no more drama in my life! love ya d 
My life is good again 
@TranqJones No, thank YOU for making a difference in my life. 
@music4life_93 awe! you is very sweet  miss you
@shellartistree wow. that is amazing! i really like that. i have a little metal tree of life and a painting of it a friend did for me. 
half-life 2 episode one download complete 
@ImChrisRich I was having the worst and I mean the worst day of my life... and some how that just put the BIGGEST smile on my face! ha ha 
@CaTaxRevolt If you twitter this much, you are living a podcast lifestyle. 
@poweredbysteam I wanted pro wrestling but I want a happy home life too - it's about compromise 
@phoenix_life okay, I just did 
@lig story of my life 
@Nicoooyo yeah i know but what ever. hes throwing his life away any ways. so ill let him take what ever skanks he wants down with him 
Best night of my life. 
the love of my life--http://yttwt.com/ammte  
What I could have done with my life if I weren't such a lazy bastard 
@Mondizzle most of yours are about the troubles in your life. am i to assume you're always unhappy? no, it's just a small part of you. 
people always say life is short. how can it be? it's the longest thing you ever do in your life!! 
one of the absolute best days of my life  im so lucky..and thank you! @themanamystery 
@nicoleok sometimes the simple things in life give us the most pleasure 
@walterdoc  I had to re-evaluate that...a change of course! ;) I want to be myself, be happy, travel and make someone else's life better~ 
Today was wonderful  i think the only thing i need in my life now is a boyfriend. Haha. :/
@alizahausman Seems they thought your life story more interesting than anything you had to say 
@iamdiddy you only live life once, if you dont make the best of it, then thats your own fault!   so live it up!
Ahhh I'm behind a few episodes!  What is happening to my life? But I agree, chapter by chapter would be awesome to do again. 
I am getting married in 30 days! Shout out to @AdamLehman who will live with me for the rest of his life 
@sarahcasm That's good... I love when that happens. Congrats on life, lady. 
After tomorrow, life will be good. 
i really wouldnt mind if it never snowed or rained again in my life! the sun can always shine  it makes for better days &amp; a happier me!!
@MissChantelle it's life telle..  and avery dope show!!
was just &quot;witnessed to&quot; for over an hour.  In the process, the guy gave me his whole life story and asked for prayer - never converted me 
Enjoying a comedy with the love of my life 
@tommcfly just arrived from my second mcfly gig. thank you for the best day of my life! 
@JayLink_ all the time mate its what life is about? lol 
is so lucky to have everyone in my life  love you all.
@lakersnation I love the lakers more than life!!! 
csi ny makes my life worth living 
My life is amazing  big interview tomorow!
I need some serious snackage in my life right about now... 1 of the downfalls of being a girl  but guys love us 
@dannitothemoon hes very nifty  he makes my life
@RiaJuanita haha- your life sucks! i kidd- i heart you 
@joycecherrier It's great to see someone who is in such good shape and living a healthy life! What's your favorite healthy food? 
@crusaderz4life thank you, there is much more to come I am in it now for the rest of my life somehow  I do a lot, sometimes
Now that I have a camera on my phone I wanted to show everyone the love of my life I always talk about   http://twitpic.com/664ot
@toxiclunchbox you guys are great  xox love life live free &lt;3
@crusaderz4life ok that sounds great 
says when life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile  http://plurk.com/p/wy771
