Most common words for this cluster:
[('life', 724), ('quot', 56), ('sucks', 52), ('today', 30), ('day', 27), ('http', 25), ('amp', 24), ('time', 21), ('way', 18), ('living', 18), ('night', 17), ('lol', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Life', 0.9817389845848083), (u'LIfe', 0.7402257919311523), (u'Relationship_India.Arie', 0.6719934344291687), (u'Ho_Toh_Aisi', 0.613294780254364), (u'Jay_Z_Hard_Knock', 0.5864537358283997), (u'Hinsdale_Suburban', 0.5845547318458557), (u'Stickney_Suburban', 0.5717875361442566), (u'Ruins_Fox_Searchlight', 0.5702092051506042), (u'Todd_Solondz_Life', 0.5681939125061035), (u'Hip_Hop_Saved', 0.5659918189048767)]





The Life is cool. But not for Me. 
I miss watching Rocko's Modern Life. 
@Twilighter4Life lol yeh ill be studying  stupid uni. only 2 more weeks and im on holidays! YAY! plus my birthday next week woot
whoa im super hungry  Life cereal w/granola &amp; raspberries is calling my name
@moderateorgood how long were you planning to live? Life expectancy in Lewisham is low 
At home. In bed. With a cold. Life sucks. 
At Relat for Life-Iost my phone 
Got a synopsis for 13 to Life by @saoirse_r from the TextNovel site - but no cover art yet. 
Life without my phone sucks!!!   xxxx
Ohshit moment: I have laryngitis...and I have to call the guy about the job tomorrow morning.  Life = epic fail.
just hit her head really hard off the open window   Life sucks so badly right now
At the comic shop, bagging and boarding for the next few hours. Gonna try and finish Life today. Season finale was a couple weeks ago 
I have to sing Dancing Through Life. 
I have school tomorrow along with aths training... Life sucks at the moment  Why must i train and learn? is it really neccessary?
Life without the Internet is like living in the Dark Ages... 
Life is confusing 
Brands Take Social Media Into Real Life http://bit.ly/smvcj- sorry i missed this one 
Must get caught up with organizing my genealogy data. The searching is more fun. Orgganizing results too much like work. Life is hard 
Realizing that even with all my efforts and time here I'm still a Turist in Finland... maybe even in Life. 
Life is just no fun sometimes. My friend and her dad can use some extra prayers tonight. 
@Bianca4Life This video is great! Unfortunately, I can't rip. 
@psi_borg totally agree! Living is so damn expensive!! 
has to write an essay, when reallyll she wants to do is watch another 3 episodes of Mad Men  Life isnt fair.
has to write an essay, when really all she wants to do is watch another 3 episodes of Mad Men  Life isnt fair.
Essendon got flogged.  But Titans won a nail biter. Life isn't so bad I guess.
Wishing this NML conference had been held in Second Life.  The audio is so bad I can't hear  #nml09
@Twilighter4Life YAY! im a bit ERGH atm. worked last night AND this morning, and DIDNT SLEEP, so now i got the flu AND tired  ?
Would love to have all her children around her - but honestly - I dont think it will ever happen. Life is what you make of it I guess  
Life sucks, depressed, and boozing to hide it aint helping  being dumped sucks like a big bag of hurt 
I'm buying a new house.  Life is looking up !! Love life is in the tank though  
Life is still upside down will this pain ever end ?  You don't know how much u miss someone till there not here 
Getting ready to go to a friend's funeral!  Life is to short, live it your best!
@carlmayer I love This American Life but I listen to the podcast, so there is a delay before they release the latest episode 
Life got a lil bit sucky 2 day.  &lt;Gas&gt;
@aplusk man i got submitted for your show Beautiful Life and 5killers and your peoples havent called me in  i just want a shot like youhad
Awww man I missed Life After People 
Life couldn't be any better right now. Oh wait.. yes it can. I need a job 
@Twilighter4Life HEY!!!!  i am still sick  hw r u?
@stewsimpson Life is fantastic all the way oop norf, missing you loads - I feel like I haven't seen ya in forever &amp; a day  {{{HUGS}}}
Aw thats really gay!! Life ruiners are so dumb 
Life is good, but it could have been more good if I was at the rodeo tonight 
Maid of ten years left (for good) this morning. Already 4 empty mugs on table and no fresh juice in fridge..  . Life's gonna s*ck.
Awww man!  NBC is canceling Life  :http://www.tv.com/story/14491.html?ref_story_id=14491&amp;ref_type=1101&amp;ref_name=story
Just came back from the mall. Exhausted but still gonna study for a lil bit. Life's miserable at the moment. Boohoo. 
Like wounds we get once in a while, so do mistakes that we make every now and then. Life has some bitter truths worth accepting. 
Still Life 2 released in Belgium, yet nowhere available 
Bad experience in ER... Life's really short. 
2 hours of watching &quot;The Miracle of Life&quot;... uggh... then the rest of school 
@jonasl I'm having trouble with #google too, what's wrong with it?  Life is over 
watching repeats of The Simple Life instead of doing my essay seemed like a good idea yesterday 
 Life sucks!
Watching True Life and updating stuffs...Hope I can sleep tonight  I can't sleep anymore. It's like i'm broken...
...My Life is like a Card House...Everything is changing... 
Life is eating my soul 
Life would be better if deep heat patches were 1) hot and 2) stayed on.... back kills and now feel as tho I have a big cold 
Because I couldn't name a son Eldarion (that's the macbook's name). Life at school is already hard enough if you're a nerd 
Wow i am still awake. I am just sitting watching ppl sleep. Worst night of my Life  i just wanna go home!
aw last Life Night is tonight 
Life has no excitement anymore. 
@mekkanikal thanks thanks. Though I'd love to stay here, reality pulls me back every time. Life sucks I tell you 
Omg miley cyrus is following me! haha okay,today is rly depressing  i was on the verge of crying... Life's a bitch.
True Life &quot;im addicted to crystal meth&quot; is on mtv 
@annaloren Life is erupting. i'm not hurt badly but I think my soul wants to get away from my body 
Good morning on me way to work..so sleepy on da phone til late talkin to me girl rememberin dem good old days..da memories. Life changes 
asks for prayers for her mother in-law with flu. She had a downturn this morning &amp; &quot;Life Flighted&quot; to a bigger hospital. 
http://tinyurl.com/pr8f4p The best news I've ever gotten. But, it's too late to save Life  American Idol is the Wal-Mart of TV
#SocialMedia has a shelf-life beyond which it can't survive.  Life moves on, people move on, users move on 
I am really sad Life got canceled. 
Life sucks,i think im'm depressiv...the ladys are the reason...  http://myloc.me/1nmS
Life's back to normal 
Life... YOU SUCK! 
Ugh. I have to make my bed before I can get in it. Life is a constant struggle. 
Just want to fly to moon and stay for a while clear my head!! Living on earth isn't all it's cracked up to be. 
Just passed a nasty motorcycle accident on our way to taking the girls to school. Life flight at scene and everything... So sad 
Life ain't easy, if you are a #Borderliner 
Life is harrrghh.life is like a hard maze. 
About to leave the majesty of the seas  best vacation ever!!! Now to eufala! Life is rough
My &quot;Life is what you make it&quot; necklace is MIA 
just wants to go home. Life on the road can be both a blessing and a curse. 
@JonathanRKnight Life sure is precious...and in some cases it ends way too early!  It's important to enjoy life while you can-no regrets!
@ClaireBoyles #followfriday Life changer (extra s in error last time 
@TreeinCally I like expresso too but I'm not Italian! U must have gr8 memories of ur mum! Life here seems so harsh at the mo 
Life would be so much easier w an umbrella... &amp; all my import numbers back 
Life always knows how to make things worse, when they are already bad. Is it possible to be even worse than it is right now? 
Home sick  Watching the end of Season 1 of The Secret Life of Us.
Life is boring! I want see to my best friend 
I'm so upset I feel sick  Life really needs to get better.
&quot;Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.&quot; 
Life is throwing me some major curveballs right now 
just finished 8 hours of Texas Life Insurance CE tonight, 22 more hours to go 
&quot;No offense, but your hair is bad today.&quot; Life isn't worth living anymore   Nothing hurts quite like hair insults. *cries into pillow*
Poor DS is in bed with 100.8 fever - he won't be able to walk in Relay for Life tonight - feel so bad for him, he's so sad 
pff, Life sucks sometimes! 
Sephora is having a 75% off sale. And I'm so broke  Life isn't fair.
Life can get soo Dull sometimes what do you do when u have no 1 around  x
@Gleegirloz Life is too short. I know its slefish but i wish everybody would outlive ME 
When it rains it pours. Life sucks 
gets to get up at 8am tommorow to collect money for Relay for Life! Yay Me! I do not want to get up 
No clubbing for me this weekend due to a busted knee  &lt;emo&gt;Life's unfair&lt;/emo&gt;
Life is over! Just went to get tickets for all time low, sold out  anyone got spares or wanna sell me theirs?
@wersching and I have to wait till January. Life is not fair! 
Life sucks if ur not having fun. 
I lost the earphones for my phone a couple of months ago and still can't find them  Life is sucks.
ustaz akhil's wife is so very pretty! masyaAllah! that goes to show.. pretty, slim wives pun not safe from wayward husbands.   Life tests.
Life is just the worst @ times I'm soo dissapointed right now..  I need a gf someone who would be there for me where can I get a sweet ...
@Lakers_4_Life09   he did. I'll never lose respect for magic. He called that we r takin this mad love for the lakers that paved the way
Had a long day. Buried 1 young man in the afternoon only to loose another a couple of hours later. Life is too short wake up everybody 
@Life_Stylist I remember when he use to have nick names for me too..singing to myself &quot;When its cold outsiddeeee girl&quot;  lmao
 .... Life can be so complicated. I know God has a plan .... I just have to trust in him.
@Dancer4Life13 waiting to get off so i can go home and rest. I'm loosing my voice  lol
Life sucks majorly right now 
I'm awake oh so late.  Ugh I just want the night to last longer.  Life isn't so amazing right now 
Buddy of mine got killed in a car accident this morning.  Wow.  Life is so fragile.  R.I.P. my friend, you will be missed.  
Life is feeling stagnent and almost unbearable right now. I feel like everyone's moving foward and I'm still here...left behind 
@djackman1 I is trying very hard  I do not like it though.  I cannot believe it's less than a week.  Life is going to be *so* good. xoxo
I have to pack  I don't wanna go! And I want to go!!! Life is so hard and then you die...
Life sucks 
Life and god is so unfair.....  - http://tweet.sg
Life never works out the way I want. 
I really need to study, but I got a terrible headache. Life is so unfair 
Life wtf point:@, so upset nw  i was in a 1way friendship, wot kin a do nw !!
Life hasnt been fair to me! i wanna go home and see my daughter 
Life is way too short. My heart is in the pit of my stomach. I can't believe this. 
OMG, I just cracked my macbook. Life ain't that good now! 
I'm gaining weight. Life sux.  
R.i.p chloe my cousin's sister in law  10 years old and died in a car crash yesterday Life's not fair 
@joeschmitt I see you dropped me from your follow list again...  Just too boring for you, huh?  &gt;snark&lt;  Oh well. Life goes on.
Life treating me like shit again, but what's new? Hahaha 
Found out today I'm diabetic. Life is not only not so good as before it freakin' sucks. 
We've had such a great time visiting friends this weekend at their new home. Life returns to boring normal tomorrow 
@brittneygirl  mrow mrow!! Life is hard man. No fun. Soon I shall be back and we will pretend we're the YaYa Sisterhood.
@kelsie_love saying you were sleeping so I didnt  It was &quot;In My Life&quot; though and it was gorgimous. looove
Life is always COMPLICATED!! 
a lil depressed know that im no longer a memory to any of the girls at Family Life Center  *tear*
a lil depressed knowing that im no longer a memory to any of the girls at Family Life Center  *tear*
Life is hell...Someone help me.. 
Life sucks right now...... 
Life is a total cunt sometimes.  
@garethmilton :O And I just lost two of my followers!!  Life is so unfaiiiiir ;)
Dan in Real Life is on again. To watch or to go to sleep? That is the dilemma. 
I NEED to revise for tomorrow, but my mind is screaming NOOOOOOOO.  where's inspiration when you need it? - Life's What You Make It ??
just broke two of my favorite juice glasses all over my kitchen floor   Life goes on, tee hee...
Too early. &lt;4hrs sleep last night. Living far from stuff can be so not fun 
@planethealer I have been living with severe pain recently and undergoing tests, Life is hard, but I don't want the alternative. 
Life is a sad state of affairs right now. I am so gonna FAIL science. And the Nadal news is hitting me hard.   
People change, things change.... Life goes on 
boehoeee no more Life and Cooking 
Life is so useless now.  Coldplay again please?
Life kinda sucking right now 
@emmao414 oh my god, v. sorry to hear that   Life is never simple, is it?
Life sucks sometimes 
Life would be better if i had a dinner date tonight 
Bed time. Week end is over  so not long enough. Man i miss my place. Life sucks
@buttclencher What? You're engaged and no clenching? Life ain't fair 
why don't i feel any excitement for the opening of our class? Now i feel that the College Life welcomes me... 
I'm awake. I don't know why. I wish i could get a good night's sleep  Live-Your-Life
Life sure can throw you some change ups!!!  another week ahead!! Well lets get started and im off!!
Boo  inside doin essays and evaluations while everyone else is out in the sun. Life sucks sometimes 
That went shit. Pure, unadulterated shit.  Least it's over with!  Life, how i've missed you so! 
Feels really worthless right now. Has 2 degrees and been applying for jobs for almost a year now but only 2 interviews! Life Sucks 
@Hes_My_Life I had like three but they involved Derek 
Life is gonna start sucking a hell of a lot as soon as college starts....im not looking forward to it anymore  i hate life
@charlesmoreland Living in a foreign kitchen sucks. We don't my usual spices, and nothing is where it should be. Also: no venison. 
Life is like a climb-only from the top is beautiful 
@Omperta awh really!  can we not go before sat  lol Life's great tata. You, how was leixslipp ? x
I am having an ugly day... Life is being mean... 
@1Destiny1Life yay, it really is much easier isnt it? you only see my replies to you and the mutual followers, or to no one. its changed 
Life throws you curves balls you have to duck and keep going, you think it's love when it's not...time to let go 
I've decided that I'm pretty much an idiot. At least, I've been acting like one lately. Life fail 
Life is so fucked! I am soooo done!  I might not even be able to go to cali. 
Awesome evening planned w/my favorite guy. Gym first tho. Life is good. If I could just get rid of this writer's block... 
My Name is Earl, Life, and Reaper...CANCELED.  I'm super sad about Life.
No way! Life size is on disney at eight and i have to read instead! Not fair 
Instantly Crushed.... Life is so unfair sometimes... 
Finally in DC. Talking about really sad things.  Life's not fair 4 some people sometimes, &amp; there's nothing you can say 2 make it better..
Life as a freelance teacher blows.  Everyone always cancels on me. 
Oooohh the weather is so nice! Why can't I sit outside? Life's not fair 
Life makes one learn a lot of lesson. I have learnt quiet a few already and am not even 30 
I..... Have....... No...... Life..... (If only the hubby had daily access to a computer  )
Car has decided to die once more this time at the reebok, RAC ETA: 2hours! Life sucks! 
He more often than not infuriated me some of the time I miss my friend who no longer is around   Life is too short for losing friends
Dancer4Life13 we wrote 3 tests today and i made soo many mistakes 
@Dancer4Life13 we wrote 3 tests today and i made soo many mistakes 
Reading The Secret Life of Bees in english. May died 
Life's so boring 
Life can change in the blink of an eye... I've always know that but was never prepared for it to actually happen 
Life sucks really bad  At least my life 
Life sucks :_( I wish I could go somewhere far far away and forget about everything 
@rikad00dle its okay. Life will go on i hope 
Tuition at 2  So much for enjoying the hols! Life sucks!
@SamBennington PS: I can't get the links to work to your Life Coaching site. 
Life is pretty much hell right now. 
@janasanchez It is called unpaid leave  Life is too short not to explore the world while you can.
@lauraaay  I miss YOU  / MY Life sucks without you :S School is boring ...hmmmmmmmm
is bummed College Life is coming to an end. 
Off today. Somehow it doesn't seem to really matter. Life kinda sucks right now. I need some shows. 
@Grievesmusic Life breaks us. And when we heal, we're stronger in the broken parts. ::hugs:: I'm sorry for your loss 
Just finished watching Life is Beautiful. So sad 
Life is poo. I have nothing to live for anymore  I need help.
@Swarm4Life utter sick man. totally 
Alright cult club, I have a mission for you. You all need to start a petition to bring back Rockos Modern Life. I miss that cartoon 
doing homework. Life sucks when ur 12 
Wishing Life Was different 
Paycheck is now every 2 weeks instead of every month. Life just got more complicated 
@EnWrapture:  I know.  Life is...weird like that.  
Life really sucks. Now I don't know what I am going to do.   
Is not a sophmore anymore! Wwoooo! Life is good. Going to graduation today!! I'm going to cry. I just know it. 
still in bed, curled up with a book... turning down a party night (  ) because of a heavy stupid 3 days headache! Life is unfair!
Life is boring I miss LeakyCon 
Those ass holes didn't even give us a warning and now I have a choice I can eat or try to pay for my apartment I can't afford  Life blows
@nickmongo A Bug's Life is so underrated  But hey, they forgot Finding Nemo, so all is well.
Life really suck when you dont have money  i feel so poor. and i dont like asking parents for money. shouldn't have converted it into $
@imagni Whats wrong hon? Life just getting you down? 
Working @ 3pm. Life is boring when its all work and no play 
@Soul1Life i have not 
Today is not my day. 30 times I've been yelled at today. I've cried 4 times. 14 of my schoolfriends hate me. Life sucks Won't get better. 
@Jemi4Life omg stop i hate u soooo much lol, i want to play 
@JoeyFan4Life other than M&amp;G did you enjoy ATL show. I loved it....wish we could repeat today. 
@CourtCosmetics i miss u ... i miss watching u on YT... but you have way more important things to do Life is just not fair  &lt;3
SO wish I could see &quot;My Life in Ruins&quot; tonight! But kids will keep me home  I love any movie with @NiaVardalos http://tinyurl.com/p9pwds
Local Relay for Life got washed out...and cancelled.  Dang.  
@valwears I made it out of Borders w/o buying that spanish inluenza book, LOL, but they didn't have the Life &amp; Style mag 
Relay for Life was wet and cold. 
Life is so miserable. :| when you live in this hell house. 
Life is so short... A co-worker's mama just died tonight! Sad 
Life sucks without the A----s in my life 
Likelihood of getting drenched tomorrow at Race for Life increases  Anybody to sponsor me to cheer me up? http://twurl.nl/0iekie
@yoitsashley why does my Boyfriend make Your Life Complete? 
A great man...Life should not be so unpredictable... http://tr.im/nCjH 
@tofo Or get an Apartment Life exp. pack and max his Anger Management skills! Or apply some cheat! Usch, I would make a terrible mother. 
I have work in 50 minutes...leaving in about 20. Life sucks  Really don't feel well either 
@DamianLewisWeb 10,000K+ is just one group called Life but there's no option to email all members. 
Life sucks 
Is feeling really rough.. Still got headache after 6 days.. Needs something fun to happen to me.. Life is so shit atm 
Trying to wrap my head around the fact that I'll never see my grandma again  Life can be snuffed out in the blink of an eye. Cherish it.
I feel like watching The Life Aquatic. But I don't own it 
Life is really starting to suck.. Severe lack of sleep is making me irritated,  
@MsKellanLautner aww. That relly sux  #71Hockey=Life
@briancrouch It's still on the list to see!  Life's been too busy 
helped a friend set up a yard sale to benefit Relay for Life and now I can't walk.  
@nkotbjunkie Life wasnt so great 12 years ago. 
Omg is it fun being a celeb ? Life seems pretty awesome on the other side 
Watching &quot;True Life: I have Large Breasts&quot; - depressed that the woman with the largest breasts on the show are still smaller than mine 
Life is really hard 
Life is so frustrating sometimes 
:'( Life for me is ending.. slowly and painfully  Unfortunatly i havent fully recorvered from the heart burn ...
@_athena Life suck for you, too? I'm sorry 
Life just handed me a game piece that says 'go back three spaces, lose your next turn' Looks like I have to go back to school 
Watching Dan in Real Life one of my faves* many ppl don't like it.. I can relate in many ways &lt;3 -- about to feed the babies 
Woken up by thunderstorms and torrential rain that shows no sign of stopping. Race for Life volunteering is going to be VERY wet 
Life sucks  Wtf man.
@pat3xadenise back to the dorm... where wifi is so weak. no phone. no tv. no Life 
I have a hangover  On the plus side, I finished a new tune last night for the next album, Ronnie Cross - Find the Stars in Your Life
Life is hell when you are doing the junior cert...!! you serisly cant leave your house!! 
@Frenz4Life no it won't be long. I still have to work a full wk 
Life at home for the summer isn't supposed to feel stressful like this. I just want to crawl back into bed and hide the day away. 
: Life is slowly boring me away. Gotta make the greens soon at 4! 
Oh, and this is how you get fat, so not really The Life afterall. 
Life would be soo much easier if i didnt leave things until the last minute 
Nothin like hearing Life is a Highway played by guys in kilts at Epcot.... Makes me miss all my fusion guys 
Note to self: do NOT go to Coloursfest when you have Race for Life @ 9.30am the next morning 
is super tired. walked 23 miles at Relay for Life and now my dog is sick and at the vets...  lonnng weekend.
Nothing as annoying as being blackmailed by ur little sister. Life sucks. 
Life is good!! But ohh so sick of studying for my 2 last exams 
Life without a blackberry is very quiet...     Ugh, I don't like it!
@shwe370 Life is tough like a brick...  Sadly!
Looked at a couple of studios in Palms. Life looks like it's going to be minimal and dogless 
The kickball tourney this weekend at Relay for Life about did us in! We are apparently old fogies already 
Exam tomorrow...  Biology... D: I think I'll play some Half Life for revision.
@Lakers_4_Life09 not much just on the train  I'm assuming ur watchin the game
i want to watch A Bug's Life so bad, but i don't own it 
Life is sucky... 
Life is too serious  where is the pizz-azz ? Even when things look hideous one should learn how to laugh...z
Yay! My phone works now. Last night's show was great. So was After Life! But i just realized i lost the earrings i wear all the time 
@Sweet_Life the bus is reving up I am feelin that slurpie callin me to the comfort of my livin room. sadly no mobile twitter 
Life and what comes with it sucks. The love, the money..  EVERYTHING and sometimes it's her own mum who makes it worse.
Life sucks butt right now.  that's all i have to say @ this point in time
is back online bitches.......hehehe I got my internet hooked up in my new apt. today...Life has been sad in the last week, alot of death 
injured my knee doing Race 4 Life  worried it won't be ok for L2B &amp; more importantly team rounders on the 23rd  - pass the Ibuprofen!
Life can feel like Hell when you say 'I do' to the wrong person 
@Realradiorobin Never got to listen to you this morning &gt;_&lt; Life is not cool anymore 
@bwness Life really is stupid and confusing. I don't get it 
Life really isn't loving me right now. 
My baby girl is sick.... Life of being a mommy.... Ugh its the worst feeling seeing your child sick 
Life is bollox right now  
Life is confusing! one minute everything's looking up &amp; your genuinly happy, then the next your would is upsidedown &amp; nothing seems right 
im missing it my dear  the view is amazing to me @Bianca4Life
&quot;Life is divine chaos.&quot; favorite quote of the day. . . Wish i knew who said it. 
U know life is sad when u literally stay up all night watching Life With Derek episodes! But I like that show so it's okay right???? 
Life sucks for me today. 
mmmmm thinking I should blog. Life is too busy at the moment though 
Life catches up real quick 
Life is boring me these days  Xo'
WTF! Stop with the Life Drama already 
the chiro dr. doesn't seem to be able to help my hip pain   Life hurts.  I'm living in a nightmare that I'll never wake up from. 
why oh why did they cancel &quot;Life&quot;?!?!?!  Such a great show...  
Bored out of my mind,gotta get some sleep,no new drum FCs.Life can suck sometimes 
So I haven't been on in a long time... Nobody really cares because I don't have followers really anyway haha Life sucks right now though. 
@WonderWoman_SE *sighs* I'm having to come to grips with that right now  Life sucks sometimes
Life is so different at twenty five and i feel as though all that fun i just reviewed is over. How sad is that? 
@My_Rainbow_Life i was gonna go to the gym with you but you mean to me 
My Second Life partner is working on building our new mainstore today...hope we have more success than our failed club  lol
I love my mom and i miss her so. Life is so hard without her 
@bad69twin no wheaties yet?  Life's good, had breakfast, now heading to the gym. And you?
@AislingKing Arent we all? Life's a bitch sometimes 
Life is hard 
Nice weather outside...2 bad I have 2 spend the next 2 1/2 hours inside Life Science. 
No summer school for me...    Life, what are you doing to me?!
Ugh. Don't know what to do and I'm so bored. Life would be so much better if I could drive. 
Life's changing.. - / - twitter didn't want to work @starbucks     gotta lot of thoughts in my head
We just cancelled our Second Life session due to techie issues - not voice, all thrown out - all sorts of problems  It is the first time!
Okay, I have my tea.  Life is not so F anymore.  But packing still needs to be done 
I just found out that my favorite show &quot;Life&quot; got cancelled   I freaking hate NBC!!
Life can screw with u 
&quot;Life's what you make it&quot; well eff, I am not a DIY type of person 
Life's crazy... want you better 
Min is not coming back  Life is not the same without my aunties here in malaysia.  Emo.
Life's like hell.....No dreams being fulfilled....seems GOD is listening to prayers... 
So sad that im gonna miss the new season premiere of The Secret Life of the American Teenager 
I'm so sad i saw de end of a long history....Life    [anything for u but everything for me]
Watching True Life! haha. But deffinately missing someone! 
has found someone incredible, only problem is they live in another country. Life sucks  lol
is lovin Picture2Life.com!!! Y all fun apps r for iphone and not blackberry??!! 
Just saved a &quot;disappearing&quot; website... don't need such surprises in Life esp. when I am having a flu... 
12:50am and I cannot sleep. Nothing is really bothering me and life is at its' zenith. Life is good.  So why can't I sleep? 
@sevinnyne6126 That's Life 
@DonnieWahlberg so true! even though I am ready to give as many as I can, but need to receive even more. Life just plainly sucks at times 
I'm so glad this day has finally arrived! Last night was Murphy's NIGHTMARE! Life sucked so bad yesterday... 
Life is good! Wish I wouldn't start working in 2 weeks though... 
HDD Life alert - Health down at 93%   - a laptop change should be coming soon
Just back from shopping for an outfit to wear to a &quot;60s/70s party&quot;. Wanted to go as someone from Life on Mars, ended up as a Beatle 
Life can b so complicated.. off to work in a few.  
@itzJeffy yeah, I am really bummed out, all my favorite shows get cancelled like &quot;Life On Mars&quot; and &quot;The Unusuals&quot; too 
Life would be easier if I could just pick up the phone and call him  Stupid international roaming rates. (and timezones)
Driving home... It sets in, I miss my group in Austin. Life was good... I have no real friends here! 
 Life sucks!
@amazingV Diet is not working, I go all healthy then get so hungry I end up over eating. I tried it all ways now  Life if going good ...
I was drug-free for 2 months. I was proud. But now, cause of all the pb on my life I need to take drugs again  Life sucks
@Jemi4Life haha totally, its crazy scary right now  did u get my email on yt??
Life is crazy right now... 
Supports Australian designers &amp; ends up w a tear in his leather. Life is ruined!!! 
Watching an episode of Life... God i wish this show was still on 
I've got to say @Living_barefoot, I'm REALLY bummed that I didn't win a pair of shoes. I really thought my essay was really good. 
After two and half months of stay in guest, Now I have to stay on my own  Life will not be as simple as it was.
After two and half months of stay in guest house, Now I have to stay on my own             Life will not be as simple as it was.
Life is very hard  Life gives you many surprises but everything in life is returned My tears do not Meres 
Life is so unpredictable. Many whom I know having drastiic twists in life 
The best friends I have live so far away. Life is one bit fat assed prostitue 
Making a coffee run for the sponsors leaving for Student Life this morning. This would be my last year to go as a student. I wish i was 
Life Married isn't as great as I thought it would be. All we do is fight 
Life is life lalalalala.... its f*cking summer outside why do I have 2 work?  it isn't fair
I am researching on what to wear for the 987fm Life's a Beach party. *roll eye* this is even more stressful than my exams. 
I am going to stop looking for a job! Maybe then &amp; only then will one come my way~Life is too short to be stressed out this much 
Someone send good weather my way. Relay for Life is tomorrow night (we raised over 900 dollars) and there's supposed to be thunderstorms. 
Frustrated that the embed code for &quot;30 Years to Life&quot; wouldn't work on my blog! 
Back niggly again today (boo) so couldn't train as planned  only 15 days 'til Race for Life!! eeek!
Life is so boring. And i miss HK.  - http://tweet.sg
Life really sucks sometimes 
Sitting around the house! Life is so boringggg  haha
Just discovered the High Life has been on bbc4, Its nearly finished 
Life is unfair. I can't believe those putzes did what they did to my beloved leader. 
@jayteebee LOL. Kind of a shame she's been a twat of late cos I loved That's Life &amp; she was good re: Childline. But increasingly annoying 
Anyone need a software developer?  my contract is ending  Life Sucks!
Ah, Life. You never know what it will bring you. 
Life sucks when you haven't seen the one you love more than life itself in over a month and a half.  only one more week.
Life is crap sometimes  Busy working on writing stuff...it's taking all my time, and getting me nowhere and it's getting to me.
Just got a new house 3 weeks ago. Husband just got laid off!! Life sucks! I'm tired of sleeping on the floor. No furniture! 
&quot;Life&quot; would not be returning for a third season.  Detective Crews is ace!
Breaking up with my girlfriend of 11yrs.... Life is sucky. 
I HATE ear infections  wish I could HEAR. Life is so annoying with one ear plugged and the other not. Bleeeeehhhh.
@carrielinn83 Life has been very fucked up this week  HA moves too fast for me when I have shit going on.
Life just isnt on my side 
Life is very dissapointing. 
I Need *You in My Life  http://myloc.me/4oSw
Didn't make any plans!!! Life sucks sometimes, well working all weekend 
is watchingg Life with Derek! i misss that show 
Life would be so much easier with an iPhone  #squarespace
Life is so uncertain...I wish it weren't sometimes...like today  
Uclers  UTs  No WG  Life is a boreeeeeeeeeee~
@faithgoddess7 *hugs* Just read ur last tweets... Uplifting you in prayer for comfort. Yes, very shameful that murder is common  Life = ?
Life's a bitch / and then you die  that's a sad lyric lol
@AchtungMusic just out from the meeting  got another one this afternoon. Life is not fair!
Life sucks right now.  Just wish it would get better.  
Volkswagen: Life Magazine (unknown date)Apologies for the splice - my scanner is small.  http://bit.ly/iNGI8
Volkswagen: Life Magazine (unknown date)Apologies for the splice - my scanner is small.  http://bit.ly/4HHqR
Pissed off again. Life is totally unfair. Why? I'm asking you why? 
Life is in motion. I'm stuck in line 
last day of camp  leaving at 9:00 then off to Relay For Life!
I left my PB&amp;J sandwiches at home. One was for dinner tonight and the other for lunch tomorrow.  Life fail.
@Pop2Life oh it's so pretty, I wish I was there 
Always sad when you realize your growing away from mates you've had for over a decade. Living different lives now... 
@JenniLaSuper fml? isn't that *uck My Life?! 
@Roxy_Life u always go when I'm not there  U avoiding me??
Sometimes life isn't  really fair! And today is just one of those &quot;times&quot;. Life isn't fair 
@danger_kitty Oh hi! Thanks for for finding me! I only updated MS the other day; I don't use it either. I miss GoPets too...  Life goes on
Why do I have to work and do things this weekend. Life is so stressful. I just wanna lie in bed with my computer and my hand 
Meaning of Life just isn't great like The Holy Grail.   #montypython
Life is a bit confused 
Life is too short.. 
only 12 lettrs painted    but i DID watch Dan In Real Life for 13th time..2am now &amp; pillow is calling from 2 floors up..must leave dungeon
Life feels so wrong right now. 
I'm just not feeling it today.  Life in general and all that.  First pang of homesickness, a month and a bit in. 
Failure to be phone-vailable. Check. Life remains ever busy 
@Rbluey777 Life is good. I miss everyone and I wish I could see Abby right now! I don't have any trips scheduled to come home though 
Sitting in the front talking with @ccmarks. Life is good...at this very minute. I want 2 watch gossip girl tho. 
Why isn't this week's This American Life up yet 
@dbar99 Life is good. Busy but good. Though roller ball on BB is stuck.  Other than that. How's the wrist?
Second Life is down 
I broke the glass on the sliding glass door.  Life kinda sucks sometimes...
Relay for Life today and then back home without internet 
I'm bored.  I don't know what to do without my little girl.    Life is so boring without her.  
After 5 hours, Relay for Life is rained out 
@valerieinto will be presiding over 80 teenagers today for The Relay for Life... wish I could be there. Can't be everywhere 
is gutted coz ive had to pull out of doing the Race for Life next week due to injured ankle.  
Is contemplating watching Rockos Modern Life before hitting the hay, ha. Yes it's 7:07am! I can't sleep once again. Rip dad 
@TobyTalksToRain I don't even get to go on the train  Life is tough. If you come back, I'll let you drive the train! 
Life sucks 
Just finished Half Life 2 Episode 2. The ending is quite upsetting 
@CyrusFan4Life u know wat  i g2g becuz no 1 is talkin 2 me ttly bi. 
When Hive Mind rules Earth that will never happen again. @CynthiaY29 Second Life is down 
Nah night tweeters. Still haven't got anything to wear. Work experience on mon. Life is bad  still.. Living with gie next week 
@jacobfricke  *hugs* I know this feeling all too well. A common feature in depression. Wishing you well. Life can be tough  Take care xx
Life lesson #65 dont leave monster drink in freezer it will blow up after 15 mins 
Playing Life with Mel and Josh and failing.  I fail at Life 
I'm so glad to have a computer that isn't on dialup right now. Living in the boonies is difficult 
Instead of being at home I'm in front of the mall waiting 4 her 2 get off. Life as a big sis is not always glamorous 
Hope I can vent my troubles away. Life's a bowl of cherries, but right now I'm getting all the damn pits 
Morning!!!!!!!!!!!! How R U today?? work again  I feel like I have No purpose in Life!
Life without the internet sucks 
@vino_delectable Life is depressing. 
@a4arpan 'Slow' is an understatement. Life crawls on by. Nobody seems to want to work. 
Morning! Was meant to be watching my friends do the Race for Life today but still feeling ill 
-upload from early 08? ... i think.     Life is sucky rn,   I'll probably be back to normal by tuesday... http://tinyurl.com/knkp5t
Well grandkids can't come up to visit now, we'll have to go to them again, not the same  was really looking forward to it. Life got in way
says Life is not easy sometimes  http://plurk.com/p/12pk9d
@disappointment In Second Life. They banned me from their sex beach. 
2 long days of packing, chucking, hauling boxes, prepping Mom's house for painting...and I'm UP a pound? Life is not fair. 
Sob  . . . Life must suck for you. . . . Does your ass hurt? Cause its called karma. . You get what you give frost.
@_christinaxx I think Secret Life is such a roommate show.. it makes me miss my roomie too! 
Beyond excited for Secret Life in 20 mins! Missing my Jew though 
Life is cruel...Jake u will be missed 
@Lex_Marie Life isn't the same anymore because of it 
I've been trying to watch The Secret Life for the past 2 hours, but so far have only been able to watch about 12 minutes. 
Life truley sucks sometimes 
I love the Secret Life. I didn't think Grace's dad was gonna be the one to die. 
Please pray for my grandpa  [Christ4Life]
I missed Secret Life 
loved the premiere of Secret Life! tho Grace's dad's death kinda hit me 
Life is hard when your bluethooth headset dies. 
I just found out that a show I really liked (Life) isn't being renewed for another season. 
paige- 2 words i have to say Secret Life!!! oo and umm john and kate are getting a divorce  i never saw that comming i hope they get back
@iheartrocknroll @JonsAngel4Life weep  but guys its only fair they have been going non stop for over a year...maybe they will work on a CD
@Nathsies Not played Half-Life, Portal is good, fair enought. CoD always has boring storylines/epic online. Fallout, not played sorry 
Damn. I don't think I am able to tweet as much as anyone else does. Haha. I missed Secret Life. 
Good afternoon ^^ The weather is really nice but I am stuck indoors with both a headache and a tummy ache  Life's unfair.
missed the season premiere of Secret Life... 
Life is good. But poor ol' Nautique is missing his family. Restlessly planting himself at every corner of the office. 
My Love Life is Very .......ummmmm........ Not there 
Life works in mysterious ways  I wish you were still here, I miss you... a loooot.
says good morning everyone. Life is unfair.  I just wish the storm was signal no. 3. (lmao) http://plurk.com/p/13co4h
@Imagin_that  What amazed you? Life almost never amazes me.  Kinda bummed out--found out I have to do some work event  I hate in 2 wks 
Stumbled upon Fisher's &quot;Beautiful Life&quot; again on my phone's music player...evokes happy memories of the Gosselins. 
Ughh! Life freaking sucks! my dad had a heart attack yeasterday! it was soo scary!! 
Life seems to really like teaching me lessons the hard way lately 
@yellowbrickedrd Don't know if my mum will allow. Especially with this H1N1 virus going on. I really need to leave for awhile.  Life sucks
Life's bad. 
i just watched the Secret Life...the new episode is soooooo sad. i feel bad now. good nite 
RL working now     run a yard sale in Second Life though .. GREATto do !!!
Life is horrible at the moment for me. 
&quot;Life is not what you wanna be&quot; So bad 
For every problem, there's three more waiting in the wings...    Life is an endless void of SUCKITUDE right now.  6 more weeks....
The &quot;inquisition&quot; in Iran is on the edge again. The strokes on the system have stopped. No more news, no more problems. Life continues... 
LIfe is soooOooOOooOOO screwed up at the moment!! 
im bored, yet. i don't know what to do... AHHH  Life's so horrible for me!
just watched Secret Life, almost cried 
chillin at work...a little sad this is my last day in Residence Life!! 
I think I met my first &quot;snob&quot; on twitter tonight. Too bad. Life goes on! 
Life is not fair.. but still good. 
@Mica4Life  dude you didnt even see #house tonight  They made it look like Penn died
@ModelMandyLynn My current favourites are Life, House and formerly Boston Legal. I guess I enjoy sarcasm 
@Twilighter4Life but, thanks 
Long. Live. Life 
@sameerajayalath Don't be lonely. Life is good. 
Billy Mays on radio this AM:  Life's a pitch and then you buy.   Cute.
Fresh strawberries, blackberries, and a chicken biscuit for breakfast.  Work is going well.  Life is good!  
GOSH.It would be nice if ppl could be super chill about everything.Why get worked up over nothing?Unnecessary.Life is too short for that. 
@mary_russell have downloaded  Shall read after have finished Life of Pi. Looking forward to it 
is wishing everyone a very beautiful and prosperous day. Life is grand so take advantage 
Life's sweet moments No. 1: sharing a cup of midnight ice cream with my wife. 
What an inspiring morning view... Living on top of a hill definitely has its benefits. 
Relay for Life this Weekend 
Life is amazing, if you asked what I'm gonna be I'll tell you an Artist, then you ask for my name: Joon Speaks aka So Successful  G'Morn!
Busy morning... taking mom shopping...now chilling before I get ready for hanging out tonight. Life is good 
@exterminis Awesome! I spent some time with my dad. Enjoying the fact that a jacket is not needed today. Now at home! Life is good too! 
Sacramento Life Force Home Health Care Web Site: www.SacLifeForce.com 
Life's a climb, but the view's great!!! love that movie 
@officialFrancia lol hi! I love Secret Life. You are an amazing actress 
Life is crazy right now. But I am so thankful for family and great friends 
Watching Secret Life. 
Now I'm totally happy &amp; having coffee &amp; pimento cheese sandwich. Life is good tonite. 
@selenagomez I knew I recognized Joey, I remember her from The Suite Life. She's adorable. 
Laying in bed with jaymee. Life is good after prom 
Relaying for Life and I made a new friend 
Sitting on the floor with my laptop and a blanket. Sun through the window and coffee in the cup. Life *is* good! 
@paulavarjack It's quite an image eh. Imagine placing abbreviated versions of your life into a tweetdeck screen  Life in a nutshell.
is out in the sun studying philosofy. Life is sweeeet 
@hollyefaye I LOVE CHERRIES...maybe I have them! Life is just a bowl of'em! 
@tim_weber  Search &quot;Tecum principium in die virtutis&quot; on Spotify.  Welcome back in Life 2.0 
@cleolinda I've had a terrible terrible week. Can I look forward to a new Secret Life entry soon? 
@psuperstar lol.&quot; Life's a beach&quot; 
I found a starbucks. I'm very happy now. The rolling stones are singin to me and I have the entire backseat to myself. Life is goooood 
@hardikt reminds me.. Life is not always fair.. but its not fair to everyone... and hence it is fair to all 
@lemondres You Are The Sunshine Of My Life  ? http://blip.fm/~4mm75
@MarkClayson Life is great! Time to start a new chapter in My Life. 
Has realzied, how much bettrer I feel not worrying over him!.  Life seems to be getting a little bit better!, * -
Life is short. Travel often. Eat much cake. Hug lots. 
 @iheartquotes Life is too short to be taken seriously. -- Oscar Wild http://tr.im/je0M
With a client, haven't slept yet. Met a new business partner, he is a genious. Life is good. 
@ceciliea Get a Second Life - no weeding, no dust, no laundry 
Life is taking a turn for the better.  For the first time in years I'm in control and feeling great 
Good morning! We have a sunny day and I'll be making ice creams. Life can be good 
Giving myself a french manicure while watching CSI: NY. Life's good 
is soooo done with work today!  YEAH!!!! Earlier than expected!   Life's good!
Life is wonderfull when you have good friends! 
Life is good  I enjoy it
@ michaelseater Thank you so much for keeping me entertained on Life with Derek for four years! You are awesome! 
Life is beautiful 
I just realized how much I enjoy being single at this point. Life is so much easier.  I get to do whatever I want 
I'm blasting Korn and scaring the children with random cackling. Life is GOOD! 
Circle of Life! 4 ALL my Fantabulous TwitterBuds! &amp; specially 4 @scottrmcgrew  ? http://blip.fm/~5ehpo
The party has distilled to the cool kids, we have the balcony door open and are smoking hookah to chill music. Life is good 
Life is full of surprises.  hmmm...  at times pleasant ones 
Beautiful afternoon yoga practice. Looking forward to a lovely dinner cooked by Chris and a glass of shiraz. Life makes me smile. 
today.....shopping, shopping, shopping and starbucks  Life is so beautiful
In Sedona. Waking up in three hours to visit a vortex and watch the sunrise.  The weather is beautiful right now. Life is glorious.
@toriNdeanNlove Thoes videos of Tori's Life are Amazing! 
@hipmamacita So don't bake a cake. Life is too short. 
@MrsJJ4Life BUENAS NOCHES (good night) 
@Twilighter4Life yeh true   whats it bout?
going to have a 'Good Life' moment and pot up some tomato seedlings in the greenhouse. I heart weekends 
what happend? Cheer up ! Life is Beautiful! 
Even with the rain, Relay for Life seems to have been a success. 
reading &quot;Let the right one in&quot; in the sun and wait for the babeque in the garden tonight. Life is good 
@fridabraathen Life Science... Something like : branches of natural science dealing with the structure and behavior of living organisms. 
Watching True Life. I can't wait for today...It better be a goooood day! 
Bright, nearly sunny, day  sitting in the beer garden of my local pub, beer in hand... Life is good... 
is shattered but happy that she completed the Race for Life. 
At breakfast with the family   It's nice to have traditions..... Life's good!!
Finished up the Walk for Life! Hands are frozen but everyone had a great time. 
@bassguitar65 I'm fine, thank you! Traveling &amp; enjoying every moment!!! Life is GOOD!  What about you?
Trying to think of what to do here. Is it worth it? Should I stop? Hm. Life is a big joke sometimes! 
In a minibus on my way to the Lao border. Life is cool 
@theDebbyRyan watching The Suite Life On Deck 
@fake_vyvyan They want to introduce you to &quot;The Good Life&quot;. 
Woke up unfeasibly early, ate 2 croissants, square sausage and hash brown barm, all washed down with an underpar latte. Life is greasy 
@joebrookmusic.   That simply MUST be, Dire Straits- Walk of Life.  (a childhood favourite of mine!)  x x
--Life may not be the party you hoped for, but while you're here, you may as well dance 
Video: Life after Death by PowerPoint  http://tr.im/klhW great fun 
And yet back @Sion office  Life is good!! LOVE being His son!
Life as eloise of barcelona continues! Lunch at attic, coffee with anton! 
It is so dull! Sunshine and 80+ degrees every day. Life is so tough.  #fb
Back from swimming with my daughter. Life is good  #fb
Fangame, Life: ..Oy, nightmares... Anyhow, gonna work in private today for just a few hours. I work better undisturbed. 
Greetings from Pasadena!  Life is damn good
Life should be exciting... when summer break starts! I'm excited 
@shwmann  sounds like fun!!! Did you take lots of pics?  Yahoo for the disappearing binkies!!! Life will be easier 
@retrorewind Dave your glutton for punishment with the Theme Song for Life emails.I'm surprised your eyes haven't popped out of your head 
Slept 4 hours this afternoon. D-man making me a steak dinner on the BBQ. Life is wonderful 
Doing a meet and greet tomorrow, should sleep soon. Living alone doesn't bother me...but sometimes my apartment seems really empty /emo 
@whatsadickdew  Thanks Rick, and thanks for caring. Life is a journey indeed, and right now it is dark. Just trying to keep walking though
Life is good. 
reading A Homemade Life and falling asleep.  http://tinyurl.com/ct4tuf
@katehewlett as do I  Life would be so dull without friends
Nothing like a glass of wine to finish the day L'Chaim!  To Life!  and to sleep!  Good Night all
Will make a Life Giant list, and start to scratch things off. 
@sandycathcart We're doing good. Life is uneventful, which I like.  How are things with you?
Life goal: Sing the theme song to a James Bond movie LOL 
The Life Of Pi is probably one of the best books I have read,thanks to my english teachers who reccomended it. Now i reccomend it to you! 
The path to Liberation is clear when you Realize--when you truly comprehend--that YOU are the architect of your Life. 
@midgetmeg HI MEG! @mileycyrus Life's a climb but the view is great. 
My mind is calm &amp; my heart is happy.. Life is good.  ? Would it be ok if I took your breath away? ?
@Groovin2Life 
Morning workout sesh.  Love Life.
Fatigue settling in, but gotta power through! Awesome seats again tonight. I'm pretty lucky. Life ain't too bad... 
@cArtPhotography Hey, it was a GORGEOUS, day (and night) here, too.  Played in the sun then a full moon lit my way home.    Life is good.
@katyperry it's Under a Honeymoon by The Good Life 
making a Life w/o Bounds! T-Shirt for Second life 
The  brain cells are now functioning again....ish,hot sunny day..again.Life in the bubble is good.See for yaself  http://twitpic.com/4wyht
@NinjaDeb Haha! I'm not sure if I'm up to an &quot;okay&quot; 3-hour movie LOL. Life's too short, and I have too many books to read 
Grateful for the sun through the balcony door and the time to work on my site. Life is beautiful 
@Hot_Rod_3 Life is super (a lil ruff) but super otherwise and u? 
@MSRice Evening! Yes I have. Life is such a wondrous journey. 
Life goes ALOT smoother without wasting time being sad 
Sun is shining. Life is good! 
Thankful and Livin' &amp; Lovin' Life 
@photog357 Life's experiences sometimes come in handy. 
x @chiniehdiaz Depends on what you have access to.  Life &amp; Burn Notice both are highly recommended by friends. Supernatural too.
BENEFITS!!!! What a great thing to have from a job!!! lol Loving Life 
never thought it would end this way. oh well... God is good, I'm still breathing, Life goes on. I can't complain 
Loads to do!! First exam tomorrow! No sleep tonight either... Life's good 
www.FreeHealthCare4Life.com new article posted.  A healthy psoas makes for a healthy back 
Reminiscing about the amazing places I've been and people I've met over the last 8 weeks of travelling. Life is good 
@Imastranger Hmmmm...lunch with a...stranger? Conquistador? Matador? Life is too short to...understand it? Life is too short to...die?  
@DanAdenhart Living on Front Porches, We Swing Life Away 
Prayer meet tmrw, awesome.. Life's good, so far. I'm happy cos I've gotten myself a pretty dress, thanks Chantelle. 
Life is just a bowl of cherries 
@skydiverkate... i say taking it easy is a good idea, when your 85. Life is too short!!! 
@wood83 Living in the bible belt, I don't think anything can dislodge creationist from their absolute certainty.  Nothing dissuades them.
Lovin' Life! 
Life is good! really good 
Another successful show then an awesome evening with Ken by the river! God is faithful! Life is good! 
Watching 'Suite Life on Deck&quot; 
They call this work?  Weird. Life is good!! 
@voteforscooter Living the dream 
Life is good 
@jemillahayne ==&quot; Life's tough. 
Life is full of touch decisions.  Jason can't decide how much pancake mixture to make up this morning 
@Funnnnny Life is full of surprises.  Take good care &amp; have fun!!  
Life is what you make it. So make it good. 
Listening to this American Life &amp; getting ready for commencement!!! 
@TheSCICoach emailing you.  but it wasn't yesterday.  same difference - past is past. Today is today.  Life has been in upheave lately. 
Life is what you make of it. 
@Dancer4Life13 haha sorry  yeah. i have been.
Life is being more reasonable. This just might work out well! 
@dylansprouse heyy! will you follow me please?  also, the Suite Life On Deck, is GREAT at the moment!  good luck acting  lol
@Frenz4Life mean, you can drive down to the beach?...still nice 
@eraevion Living example: my grandma. 
In less than an hour we'll be eating lunch at t-rex!  Life doesn't get much better than this.
At home. Unpacked. Mom cooking food. Life is good 
&quot;Life is just a party so, come as you are. Dress it up or dress it down, don't forget your guitar &lt;3.&quot; - Hannah Montana  #mileycyrus
I love ring tone makers. Life just wouldn't be the same without them. 
If you know that you can do more with your Life, but you're just not sure what it is, then check out http://MrJaredJames.com  PEACE 
If you know that you can do more with your Life, but you're just not sure what it is, then check out http://MrJaredJames.com  PEACE 
@ericalovin  I wish Hannah Montana was on. The Suite Life is on for me right now, and it's a really old one. &gt;.&lt;
is finishing up a PPT presentation for class, listening to Bach, windows open on a cool, breezy, sunny  Missouri afternoon. Life is good 
Life's tough but we gotta make the best of it 
With the boyfriend. Life is good 
@LaLaLives Getting dressed &amp; putting shoes on in case of aftershock. Life in cali.  #earthquake
wow... more American than ever are now calling themselves &quot;Pro-Life&quot;: 51%!  We're making progress, despite the views of those in power!!! 
@Losing4Life craig I always knew you were a fraidy cat 
Life is so confusing. I just want to shop and be happy 
Life is too short and full of surprises, love and enjoy every moment of it. 
@AshuGreene Life is Good!!!!  
is enjoying black coffee, toast and vegemite for breakfast. Living on the edge 
@e_goldfish My Life as a Dark Lord looks cute!  It does remind me of MLasKing graphics. http://is.gd/AUYn
@val1a LOL. Pleasure to have a discussion. Gotta go &amp; join a Skype conversation about orientation in Second Life  
is also thinking...This little island of ours produces so much quality music! Life without music is like Laurel without Hardy 
#wolfram  I have completed my testing of Wolfram Alpha and I can reveal that it works correctly.  Meaning of Life does equal 42. 
@paul_steele Life in Yorkshire today is laid back with the odd musical interlude. 
Kuja: Calling Zidane a womanizing idiot who doesn't know how to run  Life is fun, is it not?
Just uploading tracks off the new album 'Island Life' for your listening pleasure 
Life is good when you just stop worring about the what if's and live in the beauty of now 
Unusually tired this morning. :p Ah, the dreaded Mondays. Actually, this whole week might kill me. Oh well. Life goes on, right? 
Life without silence is just noise 
Phew! Finished my assignment, now study for test.  Life of a student 
Freshly baked croissants and a big mug of coffee... Life is good 
@HelpSaveBees TY! I've missed my bee friendly friends like you  bzzzz.... Life without twitter is like a day without honey!
Another day in the grind! Its ok I had an amazing evening and the vaca countdown is down to 26! Yay! Life is so unexpected I love it! 
Lov'in Life. I'm not done with it tho  still got to get in the business
@anca_foster Life is going well thank you  how comes you been hiding? lol we've missed u!
renk tonlar? bana Half-Life'? hat?ralatt?  re: http://ff.im/30bw6
@Hooked4Life You can do it!!! I look forward to seeing them 
another day of Life.... let's enjoy it 
Going to see Sian's hairshow in approximately two and a half hours. Life: it is good. 
@antnas Thanks my friend. Life is good.  
Good day, good partner. Also a very good weekend off with stupid face. Life is good. 
is watching The Suite Life on Deck 
Life is great, going back to school in the fall and am becoming a Bartender at my job 
Listening to the first ever episode of This American Life, &quot;back when the show was still good&quot; 
My feet hurt... must do some design, pack for LA, then go to bed? Oi, 1am tasks. :/ Not complaining.  Life is beautiful. 
Fuzzball is more fun than True Life  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
So it looks like it's going to be a beautiful sunny day here in PEI. Life is getting on the a great track for me, this is a bright season 
Going back to bed with a family sized bar of dairy milk I just remembered I stole from @DamnItsAdam  Life is good!
I just found my best of blue album.... Life is GOOD 
Life is a rollercoaster, just gotta ride it!  (via #zenjar )
I think it's time to stop the Life Coach thing Apparently a LOT of you didn't get that I was joking. 
@KevinSpacey You are one of my fave actors ever, was only watching A Bug's Life with my sis yesterday and thinkin of how much you rock 
is so tired! Life's really good though 
Life is... Fabulous!  Want to play along? http://bit.ly/MqLOb
Life is about making the 'right' choices after all 
Making Life less complicated for all our members 
Life is short, so tweet the most of it 
I'm eating the second ice-cream... want more. MORE. It's friday i'm having a rest. Life is wonderful! 
Playing tennis in my pj's on the wii. Life is good 
&quot;Life is never as bad as we perceive it. If you're feeling blue, try rotating the rainbow and choosing another color&quot;  
Sun, white beer and good company! Life is good at the Heineken Square  #vrijmibo  http://mobypicture.com/?omslqw
@jerseymomma Life is awesome here!!!  Could not be any better...and hoping it stays this way for a while!!  
Taking the rest of the night off! Life is good 
Thanks for the #followfriday recommendation.  I truly appreciate it.  Have a Lovin' Life day!  @BeRichCoach @esoterismo @LindaStanford
@Lovin_Life luvin your tweets! 
Y!:I'm just a little bit caught in the middle Life is a maze and love is a riddle 
Y!:I'm just a little bit caught in the middle .Life is a maze and love is a riddle 
Life is perfect for me minus the fact im still unemployed fab few friends amazingly sweet bf  happy simonee oo and pizza!
Life is about choices. Learn to make the right ones. 
LG. Life is good 
Loving Life @ the Moment 
Hangin around with some good folks playing guitar and singin... Life is good 
You know why most of languages conciser &quot;life&quot; as &quot;female&quot;? Oh, because Life has a &quot;bitchy&quot; sense of humor 
Allright'a french fright'a! My avocado pit has split open!!!!!! Life. 
@babybaigues BLINDIN!! Life of ryan day this weekend!? 
Life is ours to be spent and not saved.peace.     &lt;3
please work, Sims 2 Apartment Life Expansion pack 
@chefceee I have not hit anything in a year! And I found Leo! Life is back on track! 
Life is oh so good on this ranch 
is     ahhh Life is great
Life is short.  Live every day to the fullest, show your emotions and express your feelings because you really just never know.  
Wow...I'm a bad tweeter   On vacation, sleeping in, lounging, doing my nails, being as non-commital as possible.  Life's good.
Movie was awesome and now we are home!  Life is good with a cute hubs, cute baby and awesome date night.  
Life is looking good right now. 
@FatherBob don't let @cameronreilly stop you  ... but Aussies aren't really into Second Life
@Chrismorris528 I am going to publish a novel within the next 365 days. Life dream. Believe it. Also getting my arse fit as all hell. 
Life is great, Eating ice cream cake, Watching my baby sleep.. So adorable, love of my life  still have &quot;best I ever had&quot; stuck in my head
Life itself still remains a very effective therapist. #qoute 
@gawd0r Life and the changing ways you choose to respond to it, I guess 
