Most common words for this cluster:
[('london', 437), ('today', 38), ('day', 27), ('time', 22), ('home', 21), ('tomorrow', 17), ('na', 16), ('train', 14), ('days', 14), ('way', 13), ('work', 11), ('week', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'London', 0.9998835921287537), (u'EURASIAN_NATURAL_RESOURCES_CORP.', 0.6753204464912415), (u'Londons', 0.6544923782348633), (u'Islamabad_Slyvia_Hui', 0.6378507614135742), (u'Wandsworth', 0.6159035563468933), (u'Canary_Wharf', 0.6129950284957886), (u'Croydon', 0.6108076572418213), (u'Battersea', 0.6098931431770325), (u'Holborn', 0.598816454410553), (u'Stock_Exchange_LSE_TRIL', 0.5983089804649353)]





Off to London today 
Its a grey day in London come back sun all is forgiven 
@stephenfry enjoy wandering around. I wish I could join you. Or at least be in London 
just realised how gutted she is to return back to London without The End 
oh my! i cannot believe miley and demi are both going to be in London!! i want to go soo bad 
I don't want to leave London  if I can hide somewhere on the tube I will
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/3jqob - Now you are making me homesick...  Not that I ever lived there of course...  Just miss London...    ...
Its sunny in London   @LgrunIts a rainy day in rome. 
On way home to glorious LEEDS! London was nice though, gonna miss the hugz 
London a nightmare yesterday,but fantastic Darwin exhibition.  Not ever taking a wheelchair in to London, again -lots of ignorant souls. 
still trying to book a hotel in London for may...can anyone rec a hotel? budget chain hotels are all full 
cut the lawn or edit London stock photos...hmmmm....lawn i guess 
@frugaldougal My son lives in London now! But he hardly ever calls  He's a vegan and very green and doesn't have phone!
@Tittch What? And you're not visiting me?! How could a trip to London be complete without that?! 
in London all week  and train delayed for 1 hour in the middle of no where.
@ddlovato pleaseeee come to manchester, UK... with every band its always about London.. its difficult to keep traveling to London 
is feeling down and drained about the whole London thing 
why are London pubs so anti under 18 year olds being on their premises?? This took us very much by surprise  this weekend 
@lameiro Leuven should be between Dublin and London on my list, but alas, I couldn't go there this time 
@ddlovato have fun in London shame I'm not gunna be there though, coz I'm in school!  id love to meet you too,so where abouts in london...
@jeffgerstmann Does this mean no bombcast tomororw?  And why in London?
no skate police in London...   next time i just wont see you and i wont slide into you!
Hey London, I was here, but you weren't.    I'll try back later.
@MBenti they have free cone day in #London too, we're just stuck in the void of no cones 
@shaawasmund I imagine it's lovely. I'm stuck in London in a meeting 
@_brenna, she's playing in London tomorrow  I wanted tickest unfortunately couldn't get any. 
My kittens are leaving home today, for a new life in East London. I'm gonna miss them so much. 
@pablete cheers mate, I'm afraid I can't make it to euroko   but get in touch if you are in London.
@RedMummy I can't decide whether to go to London next week or not - flu fears 
enyojing a lovely day in London... and inside walls... 
@taylorswift13 amazing video!!! I cannot wait to see you in London next week, but unfortunately my sister can't come anymore 
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/4eniz - I fail 'cause I'm miles away in London. 
So cold this morning in London 
i have to leave London at about 1ish, and i'll probably miss more than half of McFlys interview 
wants a holiday, im bored of London 
@energyUK I'm good - London is good, although I've only just got back and am missing california  How're you doing'?
Is not liking the rain in London today  yay for shopping with @fionamccarthy though xx
This morning reminds me of London. I miss London. 
Is up and going back to London, see ya later Manchester! 
Wants to go to London... its everywhere!!  ahh well 20 days 2 go ... im sure it wont kill me lol... gna try and do revision 2day :S:S
@weg Last day in London 
@davidwhittam My job got a bit high-powered all of a sudden, when I'm in London after 5.30pm it's to work late, these days 
@rubylux I would guys if i was in London. 
had the best day with my mamachka&lt;3...back to London tomorrow morning 
@SunkissedSam mmmmmph!!! hows weather in Africa? London rainy  ... big hug to ya!! &lt;3
Off to London for a meeting with @eesdeltasurvey disaster has struck - not even rubbish coffee to be found 
I have such a hard time adjusting to time zone changes.  Not been getting regular sleep in London.  
the weather in London is grey very grey  which does nothing to improve the mood
I want cake! where do I get good cake in London? 
London is wet and miserable this morning 
@billybilo Nothing in particular, I'd like to be in London right now  How are you?
waking up to rain in Soho London 
@Lovely_London do i really have to go now 
@solangeknowles I wish I could come to your London show but I have an exam the next day! yes on a saturday! 
@selenagomez , you're crazy to miss the weather here in London, stupid rain 
is upset she won't get to see London anymore 
Yearning for London. Its calling meeee.... 
Not attending  SMX/EMetrics in London this year 
I'm annoyed - its really windy and I'm stuck in London working 
@chris_m_mason there's multi tasking and there's multi multi tasking!! also not a bit organised for my trip to London 
missing the nice wet days of London 
grrr at my silly car! And H is away in London so can't fix it 
@lenamac You too...off to London 
Seeing as my weekend plans are ruined I considered going to London. But rail works mean the journey is 4 hours+ each way. Not worth it 
@London313 he didn't make it.  shortly after i sent you that reply, he passed away...
London, London, London! Ready for sunshine, fed up of soggy feet in Manchester 
wow, mycloset.ro has just announced me that delivery is due in 15!!! days--I get my orders from London faster than that 
@moogal would be so much easier if I lived in London 
@DowneyisDOWNEY Not many, about 6-7 maybe? I just can't get them here for rent or buy  Next time I'm in London I will...
On the phone with London..our online post facility there is creating the opening credit sequence... what name shall I use?! Decisions. 
@cryst_trueblue aww yeah but like i woul totally do that too if i could get to London !! 
@cryst_trueblue yeah aww  and stupid its only in 4 2 wks or you couldve done that in London!! 
in London at the mo. It's ridiculously hot and I left my shorts at home. I don't want to sit in a windowless room today 
I feel like ive done the London marathon, I ach all over 
@katemthompson I wish I could still drink it but I had two bad nights with white wine in London and then I was sick for almost a week 
and so to London in a car that's about 500 degrees with no air con!   
@thecomicproject It's sunny and hot in London today, while I sit in office cranking spreadsheets 
Yay, my train is late... It starts here but it's 15 mins late arriving from London in the first place 
I just got back to London to discover.....still no tickets 
@themakelounge -- No fair, I want a sticker but I just moved away from London  
@AmyXDD we better be i was jus readin the magazine nd it sounded like London were better than us !!!!! 
@jacvanek omggg, how were the &quot;crazy cobras&quot; i wantewd to see them when they were in London 
Last day of the TV up-fronts w/ our colleagues from Sydney, Paris, London... 
@RanjeetC I would LOVe to go to London! But I work too much 
Has just been woken up by calls from crazy friends in London - I miss the all-night parties... 
They've left for London. What about me? 
@honeymoonsuite_ I'm going to London for a month. I really wanted to see 1 of ur shows. I thought you guys did more gigs in London! 
@tc2866 shops in this town r just crap, don't normally have this prob in London 
wants to be in London with the lads 
I want to live in London so bad 
Just said bye to the kiddos for 2 weeks  headed for nyc, then London, Paris, brussels, amsterdam, then London again on the way home
@Lovely_London I don't know!!! I keep trying to load a pic and it won't take any of them.  I have no face today.
London didnt appreicate the fact that i still called her to make sure she was up this moring to go grocery shopping smh 
is missing London and London life....Ireland Ssssssumrireland! 
is missing London and London life....Ireland Sssshhhmierland! 
@deussubmachina I am sooo homesick too. London is awesome but I can't stop thinking about home 
London sucks without @nick123pig and @CTabb09 
I miss London 
At boba with @mookymeag before she leaves for London  its my first time. The balls freak me out...
Spending time with mom @ home before she leaves for London. 
im goin up the coast 2 stay the night.. my sister is leaving the country tomorrow nite  going 2 live in London for a year. tweet yas later
@Lovely_London it was awesome!! lol and its 2 am i have to sleep. So much school work tomorrow, bleh. 
 want to be in lovely London right now, not sitting here trying to revise and find out where the sudetenland is!!   schoool 2moro :'(
waiting at London Paddington for my train back to reality...i mean cardiff 
@nikkiwoods Absolutely - it's particularly noticeable in London b'coz we very rarely get nice weather so most of the time people are glum 
@shedburn I know im going to miss it too  it will be 2am here in London when the awrds begin nd i have an exam so i cant stay up!
It's my birthday today. I feel old, half way to seventy!  had a nice time though in this London heat.
@JonathanRKnight im excited for the tour to star again, even though im stuck in London and probably wont get to see the FullService 
The human race (in London anyway) is slowly turning into lobsters- our poor skin isn't used to all this sun! bring back winter! 
wants to go to London soo badlyy     apart from that am good (: xxx
@ashleytisdale Home already :o went to Europe for like a day :s not even London :O 
@jeepers481 Paris &amp; London. I am so jealous. No parents allowed  As long as she raises fundage, it's likely yes..
Heyyy good morning everyone!  What a glorious morning we have here again in sunny London - far too busy to be out making most of it 'tho 
Coming into London on crowded commuter train in hot weather is no fun especially with sprained knee joint and no-one offering their seat 
is in sunny London, but have left my sunglasses at home 
On the train to London. It's going to be a long day   http://twitpic.com/6e3yu
Planning my friend's trip to the UK and getting homesick for London!! 
Doing homework inside while it is beautiful today in London 
@Gembop Ah thought they were for London  will ask around though!
eating lemons discs from Harrods....London I miss you 
back from school, and guess what ? I'm feeling tired again. wish I could see my babies one more time before they leave to London 
missing London.    with all honesty.
@mitchelmusso you're in London next week? ;D wow. i'll so come. LOL. i wish 
London show cancelled..sorry  we will play there soon!!
@Auchentrae you cheeky what was i thinking of ?!  have a gr8 few days i'm off down to London 4 a few days tomorrow work   + pleasure
@ThomasGudgeon I really wish I could come but you know the situation for me and my mum is hardly going to takeme to London 
@niamhums See forumm, London stuff has been announced now. 
@fitmomwithtwins Tonight I had a date with the pool &amp; my mum at 7.30but I was in London and didnt get home til 8pm. So the answer is no 
@RyanSheckler :'( i shudda met youin London 
Playing pong with canadians in London... @marcweil and I just lost 
@Vinniepyre I'll be in London by the end of the month for my big birthday bash 
may or may not be flying to London tonight.  
Is off to do some London shopping  before heading home once again 
@Samush I'm so jealous right now! I want to go to London too! T_T why didn't you take me with you? 
The sun has gone today  I feel in a wierd mood  thinking positive thoughts of London to try and cheer me up 
Has decided to fuck everything and jump on a train to London. I need my best friend. I fail at everything without her. 
Where my London boys at? I ain't to em in madd long  LoL
@katyperry I wish I were in London 
@LeisureSociety I want to go to that so bad  Last train back to London is early though.
@MysteriousMysti  well in an earlier tweet @sexonwheels asked for the dates for London and he said he couldnt say ? !! 
@h ewww  I don't even like wearing sandals in London
Wishing i was in London 
does anyone know how long metro station are in London? 1st july - show 2nd &amp; 3rd - shows in germany  
London had to get five shots today I felt terrible were both miserable him from the shots me from my root canal 
@bigmadkev So sorry I couldn't make it today, I've ended up in London 
@emage when I moved to London I gave it to my sister  boohoo
@lilmissdainty it's cooled down a lot today  You should come to London - it's full of interesting stuff and British guys 
@CharmFactory Wish I lived in London or, at least, somewhere with a later, nicer commute home  That gig sounds all kinds of aceness
Last 2 days were awesome! I wanna go to London tonight! 
@OtaliaRocks sweetie the only downer on London is that you wont be there 
@zachcumer I was on the London underground and train declerated v rapidly... I kept going and smacked into a glass window with my arm... 
It should be awesome - if you are around London tomorrow take a look at their website for details. Unfortunately, I'm working so can't go 
wearing her London socks. I miss you, angel baby 
just got home from London 
@danielboys wish I was in London to get a signed album! Not coming down until next week! 
Ahhhhhhhh  it's a fukin monkey  ha my ma is going to London for work nd she only told me today and she's going 2moro morning  ha ha 
I'll back to London for see my old friends but is just 2 weeks 
Where's the sun today, London? I'm not impressed. 
Spending the day in London with the outlaws today 
is very upset that everyone is leaving her today...last night in London until september 
@jon_hirsch sounds good, I reckon I can be there for 2.45 if you can wait that long? I leave London at 1.21 
After 4 sunny days in a row, the rain is back in London  #fb
now that i've decided to stay in London this weekend - best do some work 
Who has nicked sun from above London? - raining again 
All the touristy eating places in London have closed.  cheers, planet hollywood, both gone.
Missing London... 
has arrived back home after a great 9 months @ uni...missing London and everyone in it already!!! 
I miss London 
wishes she could get tickets to go see @mileycyrus in London this year, but cant afford them  x
@Scarlettroyce p.s I am actually going to London 2mrw, But it's nowhere near ur endz. 
great day of racing, first a road race then an evening crit in downtown London. legs felt surprisingly great in both, no points though. 
@Lovely_London I know 
there have been countless times in the last 2 months were I get out my phone and start to text my sis only to remember: London 
I want to move to London 
morning tweeple. London is awash with precipitation. 
@hardeepdeepdeep raining down here in London 
@MissKellyO what times your flight? I miss London 
Is ready for a ball, but it not exactly summertime weather outside  stupid rain in London.
8 days till London, and my hair is a mess.. 
@ohmymandy I'm so jealous, my parents never gonna let me go to London 
the weather is not as bad as yesterday... short spells of sunshine in London...  but i am too sick to get out of bed 
I miss London 
@MissREbella looking for a job in London it's so hard  I am gonna end up designing for the homeless at this rate lol
back home  i loveee London! unpacking, making presentation, then going out for food
doesn't want to leave London 
@TravisParrott If I were in London I would come but I'm not 
@KimKardashian  i didnt know you were in London i wish i did know because then i could of come and see u 
@jeromesimeon I got such glasses from London too. But unfortunately just black without blue 
B.O.R.E.D!! I swear theres never anything to do here!! I miss London 
@superglue3 I like to dream that you were able to stay in London finally....miss u 
who is the independent in London who got 15,000 votes. I'm impressed - should be an achievement. 80,000 BNP supporters in London 
U gotta feel bad when u r spending 8 hours hanging out at a concert whilst ur mum is staying in the hotel. She won't go to London herself 
@natalieloves  wish I was in London 
gosh i'm feeling so weird about some random things.  i wanted to be in London right now, dont know why.
@maureenjohnson I soo wish I could be in London for the gathering! 
Fuens going away party is today...she is leaving to London and Paris for one year  i'm going to miss her!!!
getting ready to go read some more material for my London study abroad... I dont wanna ready anymore 
on my way to work  this week I shall mostly be in London.
I wish I didn't live so far away from central London 
I really need to get my ass in gear and get some chores and shopping done. Missing London too much though 
leaves London tomorrow. 
Is wondering why it's always warm when she leaves London in the morning &amp; freezing when she gets to Woking 
Omgggg I really wish I was in London right now 
This weeks gonna drag, four more days of doing sod all, before I leave for London.. I've also finished watching every season of entourage 
I wish I was somewhere... like London. 
@Crinklebum I know a place that imports it, but it's in central London and v expensive 
On my way back to London, then straight to work. This sucks sometimes 
@endlessblush yeah it's not the best  thanks! A trip down to London should have me all sorted!
Today I want to go to London 
got the @jonasbrothers new album today! But we're not going to their concert in London tonight 
@ddlovato nooooooooooooo i was just in London  sucks
On the way to London! But its raining 
is loving being back in London....it's going to be sad not being able to come all the time soon 
Wish i was in London right now 
@Jonasbrothers, guys where are you? I've been looking all over London for yous  i wanted to give you something but i can't if i can't  ...
I had to cancel my trip to London  such a cold I got returning to Madrid, I'm dizzy actually
http://twitpic.com/7h1m9 - When talking about Peter and London, makes me miss London last summer so much! 
back from London...... 
@bluehero is cold and rainy in London? 
@mitchelmusso wish i could  i live in London, bit too far away x
@chantelpang take me with you when you do? i feel like i nvr really explored the &quot;real&quot; London the whole yr i was there 
Off to London in the morning. There once was a time I enjoyed traveling for work. Now it's just a chore! 
@jamesndaisy probably did!  London air is crap 
@feltbeats Ugghhh, I know the answer and wanna go, but I can't get to London. 
At Glasgow airport *way* too early - trip to London (work not pleasure unfortunately!) 
Just burnt my universal travel adapter.  But all the equipment is almost charged up full and I only have a few hours left in London.
@minglequeen What time would I need to register as working in London until 5pm 
What another amazing day in London! don't wanna be inside when it's like this  #fb
such a good sleep  I want to be back in London  boo.
Landing in London's on repeat and I'm not excited for work today. Or getting there. It's spossed to rain.. 
couldnt find any POCKY in Cybercandy London 
Just shot across London to get my train home by the skin of my teeth! iphone down to last 10%. Twitterberry doesn't work on work phone! 
 @iggigg too busy to see me in London this evening. What is a boy to do?
Cooking on a hot train back to London with no wifi 
I want to move to London!!  xxx
Wishes he was going London with amy 
Waiting for a friend w/ a truck at target and I really want one of these collage picture frames for our London pictures 
London. I miss you 
If only she would let me fly on my own we would NEVER have this problem this always is why I can't go to London shows 
@sevinnyne6126 theres another one but your making a reallycute face but i dontthink i canpost  it was in London and something about 2 djs'
is so cold!!! I'm so ready to get back to London and I still have another night &amp; day!!! 
is heading back to London today...after the funeral 
I want to move back to London soooo badly... 
wants very much to see of Montreal in London  maybe I should go it alone
@datraceman please say hi to London for me 
Needs a London job please  Now.
high pollen in London today....can't go out 
@james__buckley ooohhh London Wating come and play in Surrey or S London!  xx
good bye London  and heellllooooo L.A!!! haha ;)
@grexzie I've never been to London  But I'm planning to!!
I've been in London for 3 days and it have been raining all the days!! 
It's raining again  What happened to all this glorious sunshine we were having last week in London?
@Jonasbrothers when will you be coming to London (sorry question mark button thingy isn't working  &gt;  )
@FantasyParade i know i wanna go but London's 6 hours away 
@Jonasbrothers i wish you done something like this is in London monday 
@PhelpsAnonymous aww now im sad that i cant go ya know it being in London and all.  stupid ocean lol.
@jamesdevonport It is an actual proper piano. Sadly, I can't move it to London with me so it's staying here.  so sad.
@inkamila wish I was in London again too  Scotland sucks!
@DJLeepack LOL I think you can get it from London drugs my legs hurts from yesterday.. 
No trips today just class  but London tomorrow!
@cheesie you are in London and you're complaining! what about me stuck here? 
@Krispyb im thinking about going, not sure though. He should have done it in London where most of his work is 
@Coccolina are you going to London without me?  I'm saad!
@marty_party really wish i was in London to go! But the harsh reality is I'm in rainy Belfast! 
[-O] @marty_party really wish i was in London to go! But the harsh reality is I'm in rainy Belfast!  http://tinyurl.com/laeg49
Is trying to stop the low that is inevitably gonna follow the high that was London!  so much anticipation....now what am i gonna do?
@jessmoffattowen I had to get back down to London  hopefully there will b more soon ;) at least u had fun!
Just got home after an amazing far out womans seminar with the most fab teacher ever, we will miss them dearly here in London 
I miss London.  
morning all, it must be gone beer o'clock down under, set off from London in clear blue skies arrived in Nottingham and its cloudy 
@davedevereux too many London trips in the next couple of weeks, so I won't be making it, unfortunately. 
Starting to flag on train down and haven't even got to London yet 
Having struggled my way into work today, crossing a substantial part of London.  I find that most of my colleagues are working from home 
@PaoloNutini I'd love to come, too bad I don't live anywhere near London 
@30SECONDSTOMARS.I missed the deadline to sign up for the London summit  my pc went down and when i got back online the deadline had gone 
wants to go see @amandapalmer in London, but it's the same day as my cousin's wedding 
isn't going to London anymore 
@LishyyBaba i wish to be back in London, if only i had one day notcie we could have been going back there, with mum this time. 
@mimi_intheworld LOL I remember trying to find guacamole ingredients in London! I could only find cheesy tortilla chips, ick! 
@LauriceDepasois same here,i dont think she will come up here by us, she will just go to London i think 
@littlestarred I can do the one tomorrow lol but not London 
More house hunting in London this weekend - sigh 
On the train!  fell into door on London underground mcfly tomorrow and yans partayy!
@luvzwool Probably cabled! I have yarn and pattern for a few cardigans at home (i.e. London) but not here 
On the bus in centrAl London as I work on my sAturday off  I hope all twitters out there have good things planned x x
is on the coach to London - it's gonna be a long ride 
@30SECONDSTOMARS I have no money to go to the London summit... so bummed. 
@twilightxgalaxy doh. already got tickets for London... 
@tinoforever i miss you too!  i need to come to London sooooon x
@amandamcfly oh no, unfortunately  i wanna see them as soon as possible! but they dont come to spain, and i cant go to London alone 
@klvn89 eeekkkss..... daylight robbery... do you think they sell at this price in London?? 
wishes there was a cracker barrell in London 
http://twitpic.com/7x4z9 - @jonaskevin wasnt allowed in at London 
@NILDIVINE Am in London for only 36 hours 
@graceblack yeah hope so, otherwise it's yet another summer in London 
@trent_reznor don't go home, you haven't come to London yet 
I'm worried for a dear friend of mine in Tehran. I wasn't aware she was back there from London. 
2 of my babies in London - I miss them.   http://twitpic.com/7yn3x
@chantaleewaid yeah we are lol but probably later on after London, and I miss u too ! 
Hating that I have to cancel my trip to London   #bloodyhell
I'm  home from London but I'm poorly sick 
Just passed a national express bus going to London this time last week that was us 
@justinbieber :'( i wanna come but i live in London.. 
mmm fresh croissants and coffee.. smiling even though am working on dead boxen in Frankfurt &amp; dead 6500 in London 
miss you..  you're in London, i'm here... 
@mrsmiddleweek bit worried about travelling down from London to find a massive queue 
Misses Elweezel already she has gone to see her dad in London 
My beautiful home town. On my way back to London  http://twitpic.com/875te
@Sherif_129 not today  off to London!
had a great, busy day, but still no word about London!  
says back up to London I go again 
Off to London today for the nma awards. I do feel a little sick today though 
breakfestt. Last day in London, going back to revising and stressing tomorrow 
I miss London so0o much!  x
another day of being a tourist in London...struppss...soon done anyway...still cant find the right colour silk though...  
Sitting in London heathrow for 3 hours 
I've lost my wingman @ellielong who's had to head back to London 
Just arrived in London from L.A, long + boring plane ride...not fun 
@veryawen: London conference, only cute man I saw had a big wedding ring   so... the search is still on LOL
@KhloeKardashian working  its nearly 5pm here in London so time to go home soon!!!! yeah! another day anothe dollar! will be mia oct 2nd1
up and running, London calling 
@syhinfo what London trip ? i live here 
At the Malaysian embassy in London applying for a tourist visa. What pointless red tape. At least it get's me out and about in London 
I can see the whole of London from where I am now,,,, ah what a view, the thames never looked morte brown 
@stephenfry Few things I've found better for settling myself in after a long trip than wandering around London. 
Has arrived in London.  fab, let's go shopping!
I need a song to put on my phone before I gwan to London. 
@InnerBrat of course I do!  I'm not back in London until the end of the month though.
@MasaTomc good question  hehe i hope there will be a concert in october as i am in London ... about lilly allen I don't know, when is it?
@CraigVenables more than you can imagine!!  you always lived in London?
just woke up and gonna pack for London. 
gorgeous wild alexandrine parakeets in our garden  trees in the park next door r full of them, I feel very tropical and I'm in London
just want to be in London... &quot;They tell me that only the strong survive&quot;  xx
@DamonOldcorn it has been a long time. But there will be another London breakfast that I will be hosting later this year. 
@crecenteb You're in London? Kotaku London meet go plz! 
is enjoying London  although already bored with the gay jokes.
morning all. lovely sunny day in London.  got a good feeling about this week  enjoy your days
@amyrsward I'm happy to help with the London afterparty btw 
@prettierpixels I'm on it for my iPhone in London, and I couldn't be happier with it!  Depends on your location and coverage though.
Taking control of my life and what a beautiful day to do it! The sun is out in London town 
People in London and surrounding areas - keep the evening of june 6th free in ur diary 
@eddieizzard is beautiful in London! going to see you at UCL on 27th 
In London to develop new business opportunities 
@ambyrle my name is London on there 
hey!  there's a sci-fi festival in London this week!  http://www.sci-fi-london.com/   http://bit.ly/sfqtb
So excited as my sister is coming to London today, I got up really early as I can't wait to see her 
@DavidArchie I was watching some of the videos from London last night! And it was a total blast!! 
Finally.. The new series of the hills starts tomorrow here in London 
@GeorgeDugdale the october one at the O2, London 
@ddlovato  ohh myy goshh!! ,, are you the opening act for the jonas brothers at wembley in London on the 15th of june ?? xx 
is wishing will fun in London and looking forward to the wedding today 
@skynash is it your student room in London? 
@alexecrawford You are back in London! 
@richgearing good time dude &amp; nice speed! But then it is downhill from London :-P 
I enjoyed a 25 kilometer walk through London's city yesterday...it was lovely 
@xhomecutiex im seeing taylor in THREE DAYS xD in London  hope she brings gloriana xD
@tiedupmemories oh - I love London. A long way to travel for you though. London is the best 
@ldn_interesting Thanks for the follow, used to live in London for 5yrs  so let me know if can be of any help 
is heading in to London to meet with @holytshirt and @annwitbrock let us know if you're about  still not sure what time we're meeting.....
Is off to London 
Just booked my tickets for London on thursday, i'm so exicted 
@taylorswift13 Have a great time in London 
@taylorswift13 I wish I was in London to see you. It's like my biggest dream to meet you  iloveyouuu &lt;3
@taylorswift13 woah that's cool  just landed in London about 2 and1/2 hours ago.I LOVE the scenery, beautiful ,
@alphamoongirl I'd love to but I think the trek from London would be a bit too much 
@marypascoe thanks buddi and it's no problem  your my friend  yah i should post more pics of London! nothing much really u?
looks like yet another beautiful day in London 
@B_tifullyTragic ... in London last night so give it a few hours &amp; I'm sure a few will appear 
Glorious sunny day in London town.. I'm in drama school fighting people with swords while protecting my romantically structured face 
Dans public transport again and have decided it's just everything north of London that's utter crap these southern trains are alright 
hmm... school tomorrow... this is why I HATE Sundays!! although, less than a month 'til London 
@soundlyawake have a safe trip to London mr.   &amp; i hope your bad mood has lifted by then!
is waiting for the train to London 
@maggiephilbin long expensive train journey as London fully booked. At least we discovered it today and not tomorrow 
can't believe my mom will be in London in a few days!! can't wait to see her 
@heresmyhello92 yeah, he was leaving for London. Of course how do you think we got the picture? He was nice tho, took pics w/ them. aww 
@princesita015 - London is one of the most amazing cities I have ever been to 
Leaving London today, heading to Paris by train. 
@trent_reznor happy birthday darling (kiss kiss) have a wonderful day and spoil yourself extra much today  c u in London,UK; 81/2 wks away
Just got back from a great night in London 
on my way into London and luckily leaving the rain and greyness behind! 
Doing laundry, playing uno rush and waiting for @llenroc to come home from London 
@tappmeister I can't keep away from you  nah we are always going just out of London walking ;)
can't wait for tomorrow .. London here I come 
@crazycatvalou C'mon it's rainny and glommy in London. Paris is wayyy nicer 
@Fetishguy @LatexGirlsHD will be shooting with @AncillaTilia tomorrow in London, a little birdie told me. 
Off to the hospital first thing  then London later 
Early one today in London and weather isn't too bad! The real decision is what to do for lunch? 
@comeagainjen im from London, we all love wizards here 
in the library, woke up early despite I went to bed quite late, checking email and sort out few things for the office at London.. 
I'm having a blast at the photoshoot in London! 
@lazyage Am well, London is sunny and @ 12:15 so nearly lunch time  today is going swimmingly! hope all is well for you also.....
@choochy Because it's about 40% of the price of the London one, even I don't stay in the London ones 
@JamieJanover We need you in London 
@hestery I'm going to start a new project for a London based client 
@Lovely_London I'll try it... thanks 
On the way to London, friends do check-in for me since I am late to airport 
@pilgrimfamilyuk Amen to that sister!! The sun is shining in London, its kinda nice out here  P.A
@BabeNatasha I just got up. And it's a glorious sunny friday in London and it's a bank holiday weekend. It doesn't get much better 
the gallows were simply incredible last night. London is the reason, C'MON!!! 
London weather's going to be hotter than spain this weekend! off to homebase later to buy a sun lounger 
In London today for an awards lunch, how very nice 
And @tapps has touched down in London! must get to arrivals before she does 
@ryangadams Hadn't thought of that one. London: six ways to do every journey and they all take the same length of time 
What a lovely day it is in London! I usually try to avoid tweeting inanities but I can't help myself this time 
heading to the train station in 30 mins to go to London!  so excited! and already contemplating cosplays for the next expo... D:
London has made me happy today. Hopefully leeds will do the same 
Is out to lunch the weather is lush in London today  xx
We're in London!! 
London bound today 
@vitormarcio On the cheek??? No thanks. I'll meet him in London and he will happily kiss me for free somewhere else... 
@nicksantino shall i bring some fizzy chicken pop pops from London, so we can eat it on the beach? XD.....yeahh fizzy chicken! 
Picking up my Sheepshape sock yarn while in London and touring round the knitting shops also 
Ticket booked, London bound on the megabus at 4.30 am 
Barrafina hands down the best tapas in London... good luck in trying to get in... 
Brb London pokemon video game championships! Wish me luck! 
@ryan_allen so you're talking about London Elektricity tomorrow night? 
Enjoying a fruit salad @ work; sun is shining in London town 
Is up getting ready to go to London to enjoy the sun!!!! 
