Most common words for this cluster:
[('london', 687), ('day', 56), ('today', 54), ('time', 42), ('http', 36), ('paris', 34), ('week', 30), ('back', 30), ('tomorrow', 29), ('night', 28), ('amp', 28), ('i', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'London', 0.9445470571517944), (u'Stock_Exchange_LSE_TRIL', 0.6999731659889221), (u'EURASIAN_NATURAL_RESOURCES_CORP.', 0.6966218948364258), (u'Sarah_Hills_FoodBizDaily.com', 0.6828757524490356), (u'Pylas_contributed', 0.6598575115203857), (u'Londons', 0.6566300988197327), (u'By_Nick_Assinder', 0.640259325504303), (u'Pylas_reported', 0.6385120153427124), (u'By_Alex_Galbinski', 0.6371873021125793), (u'Sukant_Chandan', 0.6279398798942566)]





Off to London for the day on Thursday, it's gonna be raining, oh fab  won't see much on the London Eye! Still Robbie won't care bless him
Good morning! Can't believe this is my last week in London  But I will be back in the Marketingworld of London for sure!
Argh.  Driving into London today.  Made a wrong turn at Kings-X - stuck in an extra 30 minutes of logjam traffic 
@gfalcone601 nawww fly me to London? Australia is boring 
via @chrismevans: Argh.  Driving into London today.  Made a wrong turn at Kings-X - stuck in an extra 30 minutes of logjam traffic 
On my way to Chicago finally; Connecting through London now and will be home for 5 measely days and then back out again...  
do Dairy Milk white chocolate buttons actually exist? All the ones in London have been eaten 
@bexiclepop Sorry hun  Just not sure if I can any more time off atm. Could meet up after Hammersmith tho? You staying in London then? x
@FrenchyCakesCxC I'll be in London in July... that's closer to Paris than I am now... lol...but not close enough 
@froogle IT'S GREAT ! 3 days of London, 2 and a bit hours up, nearly 5 hours home again 
@freshfelicity I prefer foraging too! But will buy if I have to. Richmond is fairly far, I am in Zone 3 NE London 
Heading back 2 London after a great day at #webdd (even got some new swag ) Should have stayed 4 beers but too much to do b4 Monday 
Enjoying my last Mexican lunch  heading back to London tonight
Had a lovely 'last supper' with home friends in London, won't see them for a while  Bristol tomorrow though .
Back in London 
@jeffpulver sayin' &quot;hi&quot;. Still upset I missed your Dec. 2008 b'fast in TelAviv  Question - any &quot;live&quot; feeds from media140 in London?
Just waking up for like the 5th time. ZORI keeps odd hours.  gotta see London shortly....crush saYS he's in town for one night only. Hmmm
@nick_carter I would love to go out in LA but I live in London  Come out in London!!! x x x
Scorching day here, 17C. Summer is here early! Pity I'm up at 5am tomorrow for the early flight to London 
It looks like I'm going to live in London for a few months, why not California 
@ladygaga I wish you could get down to Manchester, or I could come up to London to try and find you  I'm GaGa over GaGa! Can't wait forPOG
Trying to get train to London to present to CEO this am and none of the parking machines are accepting cards. Must be Monday. 
Wondering why Jess is only here 2days then London,then Dubai?Can't u stay a bit longer??? 
anyone knows of a good streaming radio? I forgot my iPod in London 
After much faffing about with stupid travel booking company, am now on train to London 40 mins later than I should be  Hmph!
Heading to London. So hot today! Wish I was wearing a dress/skirt but I daren't not knowing tomorrow or Wednesday's weather 
@Mickdo100 This my 3rd London. On both previous runs I got sun burned. Looks lie this time won't be any different.. 
Miley are in Rome Demi are in Madrid And she go to London AND THE FRANCE ????? so sad 
Trying to decide whether to post everything or get into London and hand deliver those. Postage will cost a fortune otherwise! 
Big  today. Core router transit issue Telehouse, London which means that DailyDOOH is off the air atm. How will folks get their Sat fix?
Doh! Hope in British rail system misplaced. Should be 20 mins from London but only just left Nuneaton. 
I'm determined to find my camera charger today  i neeeed it! had a good night in London with Chris !
@keirshiels Good luck for today! I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it as I'm in London  but I'll keep fingers and toes crossed!
Amazing day in London. HAve to go to a BBQ with rugby dicks.  I wish London was solely a geek town.
Sad because I wanted to go to London today and meet Sophie and Gem properly 
Beautiful day here in London, and what am I doing today? Sitting indoors .. 
#Pink was great  Transport for London were rubbish 
Right... from Kensington to Islington in a mo which I suspect will take me longer than London to Brighton 
I had the worst nightmare tonight! I lost my Tuesday flight to London  
Trying to find somewhere nearby to go see &quot;In The Loop&quot;; looks like its not on outside London. 
Can anyone tell me where this place in London is?  http://tinyurl.com/dzz88m I have been there with school in 2001 and can't rememeber 
Can anyone tell me where this place in London is? http://tinyurl.com/dzz88m I have been there with school in 2001 and can't remember 
A smoke-filled Evensong; a cold, dark night. Reminiscent of student days in London &amp; Oxford , yet so far away in time and space 
@eviltabbi No probs! I'm on my way back to Grays now only to head back to London in a couple of hours! Tired 
@vashtan - yes it was - The golden hour will b 5th of  May in London in The Camden Head - mebbe U have time - sry, only have a #fb link 
@scottcmusic jealous!!! You should have gone to the Hammersmith one...  x
@willfarnell ...spookily similar, sunny sunday in South London and we live our guts and glory behind  
I'm such a delicate country flower. London has me sneezing, snuffling and itching. Icky 
@TalithaRye I'm in London  I'll see you tuesday though! It has been waaay too long I am having Jenny withdrawal symptoms 
@karenplusone I just realized that WL are playing a couple shows in London soon. And I'm traveling to London then. Sold out! Bad luck 
@Freakiix  i thought so too.. But I I'll go to London this year anyways..hopefully..xD..uh and I can't come with u to GD,'cause of school 
@MyInnerChild your mornings are always pretty mine is rainy however. Damn London weather 
@taylorswift13 hello!are u in London? I would like see you on a concert.But I think that you won't come to Spain  I hope you''ll come soon
Great raining in London! 
Braved the bank holiday rain only to find my favourite SE London vintage shop is closed http://radiodaysvintage.co.uk/contact.html boo 
@Janegoth ... not that it's any better in London.  So bloody grey and overcast 
Could not fiscally afford London today, 3 days of not going to bed until day break. Awesome times! and shit I've done it again.  gutted
Part of me isn't sure I made the right decision last night. The rest of me knows I did. End of an era, yo. And I'm leaving London today 
Hi, you still in Paris? Coming by London at all? Leaving NYC in 3 hours  lemme know!
I came in Friday from London http://twitpic.com/4wrfn  and now I am sick 
The sad bit of the weekend. Time to leave my mum and head back to London. 
@raileurope Thx! May not work for me  Need to go London/Paris rnd-trip (w possible other stop elsewhere in France). Recommendation?
@jbmcdlts I should be in London...but instead I'm in freaking KENT! Should be in London tomorrow too! Boo Exams! 
Hmmm.... all of a sudden, this London gal is missin' home  
@jaybranch Hi, not bad thanks. Spent last two days in London so today is &quot;catch up&quot; time which unfortunately involves paying invoices! 
@thecribs London Forum standing sold out!!!  Will try tomorrow
I seriously need a job in London, otherwise I have to move back to Denmark in less than a month!! 
@JasonBradbury Don't tell me the C5 will be mothballed!  Whats it like for security when left outside places in London anyway?
@nmeradio did you say that other day that you were now on DAB in London? I can't find you on my dial. 
I wanna go back to London &amp; LA sooooo bad... 
iPhone safari won't work in Glasgow?? Any ideas?? Or do I have to wait to return to London this eve to surf 
On the train to London, which is actually a bus to Purley  overheard &quot;You know what, I left the coffee machine on&quot; (sister)
Raining and cold in London town today  Have to go and get ready for Pilates...
@zanelowe buillion played at the roundhouse on friday night for the Sonar London launch...i was there but i missed it...gutted 
Whats the weather doing in Wimbledon (London)? I see there is tennis action at 3.30 on BBC2 Don't say it's raining there too 
@digressica It CAN'T be your last weekend in London  I actually looked at the wrong weekend. Let's do that one instead! Yay! Books!
So sad that London left Daisy of Love!!!! He was so nice to look at 
@_Chelsea_Marie this time difference is crazy. You're so lucky haha! full day of school for me  London sucks.
@ashalinggg Silverstein are awesome canadians too! YEO! here, ragin' that AOF are doing 3 nights in London much?! I know I am 
Hello Tweeples!!!  Tweeting from London right now. Having a blast and I don't want to leave tomorrow 
Back to Nice...I already miss London 
doing a great Paris Hilton impression with shades on in the office..............twat 
Arrived late for 1st meeting which crashed into 2nd  Not good. London doesn't change, sunny today but dusty and smoky, peeps are so busy.
@Kellynewton27 I used to have an office in Eastcote so I know it well... Not sure there is that much to there  Tube into London? :-p
Back from London and last day of a long weekend 
Oh London! How could you?! I'm still heartbroken. 
Still looking forward to London on Sunday, even if it means no colours 
Well it looks like Blair and Dad were right...I'm NOT going to London! 
London, Bitches! surprisingly one of the smoothest trips I've had in a while. Already miss my squirrel 
Took part in the London to Brighton Mini Run yesterday - funky minis everywhere - made me miss my Babs! 
Back in London, fun time in Chicago, not looking forward to work tomorrow 
forgot my iPod for the train to London 
Gutted not in London for @jamie_oliver book signing. My new hobby is collecting signed cook books...Only got two so far 
@MikeyPel how was the stay in the hotel for no gig  Hope you made the most of your night in London anyway - see you June 1st!
@perki http://twitpic.com/1pali - Damn, this Lucozade stuff is so delicious! I had that once 5 yrs ago in London and i cant forget it! 
had an extremely fabulous time at the Westbury last night!  Will be heading to the airport shortly.  Bye to all my London mates. 
is looking for a way to get to London next weekend... Shit, the prices are too high!!! 
@Sharonhatt When I was a younger lady, it was all about his fringe. And his eyes! I thought that if I moved to London I could marry him. 
I wish I was on my way to London to see QI 
@vboykis Sadly not.  I live in a leafy corner of London. No moors although two foxes were, well, doing it in my garden the other day. :-/
Still undecided what to do for my birthday. Paris or London? Londons easier to get to but, it's Paris... No doubt I'll end up in Reading 
@minglisious bad news about saturday, we're apparently at a family do in London. Jess is very disappointed cos she loves a bouncy castle! 
Just saw i was too late for Cribs London date, sold out boo 
Awesome time with his girls in Oslo. On the way back to London 
Nursing bruises from motorbike crash on Wednesday night leaving London workplace. The ground is so much harder the older you get 
God the weather in London is ammmmazing! Yet I'm on a train half the day 
@AB_recordings Alas no - this is all occuring in an office in central London... 
Glad to see the sun out in Dublin after a great week in London. Back to work 
@Cheapflights_uk  o2 - train from Bristol to London. It's terrible - and no wifi 
FANTASTIC week in London but ATROCIOUS 8 hour journey home 
@EmilyKSalcedo Flew home from London to NI to catch up with the family and caption a show ... Everyone went to bed early and left me!! 
@laurabolger Lol what do you mean? I thought you were going to London for it? xD and it is yea  Xx
Im still v.v.v.v bored,at 1:58am..in bed...in London..bored.. and ive still got revision 2 do  20days till 1st exam, goodness me! luv u!x
@ROtotheD yeah that song was pretty big in London...wasn't the original w/ T.I? Wish you were comin back to Sh 
looking at flats in London! Why doesn't everyone accept couples 
Made it safe to London &amp; smashed it @ Jammin' lastnight.... soooo hung over 
Is waiting alone in bar kick, old street London   http://bit.ly/p6Qq0 Waiting for the always late comers !
Wants to see Papa Roach in London again!!!!!! 
Very hot day in London - I don't think I'm used to this anymore   http://twitpic.com/69d75
London gay pride is excluding transpeople. No Pride for me this year  Brighton maybe?  http://www.translondon.org.uk/PrideBoycott.html
Leaving Bristol for London with a car full to bursting and my flat is still fully livable. I have too much stuff. 
Just finished commencement at Harlaxton College. Back to London tomorrow, I really really really don't want to leave 
So, the final Spring Awakening London performance started a short while ago. I never got to see it 
babysitting yaaay not lolz not heard from teh x factor yet  lol just gt back from London and now back in boring old BURY
@barnarl No London outing this time unfortunately  Got weddings and family commitments to attend to. Next time I hope...
I want to: study abroad in Australia! Get lifted in Amsterdam! Peep the Music scene in Canada! hit up Drum&amp;Bass clubs in London! but no $ 
after seeing Ronan's latest update : I wish I was in London right now 
Another glorious day on the Isle of Wight &amp; we have to leave &amp; go back to London  BOOOOOO
http://twitpic.com/6bpqj - Broke my finger after completing a London to Brigthon bike ride 
@stephenofficial I bet the London shows were fab! Roll on Newcastle &amp; Glasgow - so long away.  Possible chance I'm adding Manc - oops! ;)
As of last night London Spring Awakening has officially closed  x
If it wasn't for my annoying tests I could've stayed for the Beyonce concert in London on tuesday 
@1Omarion omarion!! I was in london yesterday but i didnt see u haha  Were u in the London O2 arena last night?? x x
@thefore sadly I was still on a train to London at 2pm  very short and sweet trip but I shall keep look towards end of June for any gigs
I wish I bought the London Overground mug when it was available! 
I'm desperately looking for a diamond 3D heart necklace from London's Topshop that was on sale like 2 months back. Can't find it now 
@darklord1  Very quite here, got one goth/ebm club and a few alternatives one.. nothing as fun as London 
Back in Scotland now  I miss Disneyland :/ I want to go to back to Paris, it's amazing :O
@Mayfair1973 I almost never went to bed all night 
@nikon212 afternoon to you from London. How is NY today? It is lovely and sunny here but I'm at work 
Security in sellick park are idiots haha, game was good, long walk back down London Road now 
@legalninjaKris Check out - http://la.wordcamp.org/ - first LA WordCamp on September 12, though I'll be in London and will miss it 
Friendships are very hard to come by in the states ... too many selfish, self-centred &amp; ego-maniacal people. I miss London &amp; Australia! 
@FatherRoderick Tried to see it again today @ the IMAX on Waterloo, London but it was sold out. 
Back in London   http://tinyurl.com/kr72sx http://twitpic.com/6cgvm
Is finally back from London after being stuck in traffic for about 5 hours! I now have hardly any time to get work done. Long night ahead 
Back from London (baby!) - one looong meeting and no time for shopping or sight seeing 
@xjerx I love LA ink. And Miami. And London's ok. That Louis guy from London Ink did two of my tattoo's and they're rubbish!! 
Rammstein finally announce a tour and not 1 date in London!  http://bit.ly/PQ1nh
@hiconomics well I did climb for months and then suddenly stopped  I used to do lead climbing in Westway London
@TER1SSA shame I missed it. Back in London this week, but leave on Sunday  @mannynorte keep killing it on the wheels of steel!
Going to Croydon/London now. Don't want to face the traffic at the M25 
Nights spent with Melinda reminiscing about all things London = epic times.  Lord, how I miss that city and those people.  
52 miles of saddle-sore to look forward to in the London Bikeathon next month... can't wait! 
as of noon yesterday (sunday) two GDawgg servers went down due to a major AC failure in the London datacenter. they're still down 
Bah, back in London 
2.5 hrs London to Henley  Stuck in massive queue on M40 due to... wait for it... planned road works! At least sun was out and roof down
A member of the Cassini team from Queen Mary, University of London, was killed in a ballooning accident.   http://bit.ly/cNIDg
in madrid listening to BBC world news about the flight from Rio to Paris which disappeared. 
Had to cancel my flight to London today  Will someone there have a pint for me...and some chips...and a kebab...and some Cadbury chocolate
@pdurham Nahhhh it's the University of London who should say they are sorry for torturing us like that! 
@officialnjonas Hey nick I wish I could see you in dallas but I can't  I live in London. Buying your album on June 15th!
@calvinharris Play London you bastard 
@oneofthosefaces Grrr!!  London ones better still be on!
Arrived in Glasgow, too bad I'll only see the hotel and the airport 
London is not a very safe place to live, especially if you like walking around to see the city. Especially the young ones, so ready2fight 
Back from London, family went back to the states   I will miss them, but at least I have 2 finals and 2 papers to distract me...luckyme.
@sarah_cawood do it Sarah! have one for me too - stuck on *THE* slowest train from London to Leeds 
I'm on holiday when Laura Marling's playing her only London Gig 
Almost 2 years of Europa travel. And I didn't put all videos online yet. (someone will kill me)  BTW, youtube removed audio of London 2 
Oh no. June gloom is starting to remind me of London...  I miss it.
Always looking for a Job in London  anyone can helps me ?????
Muse. London. Need to go. I cant miss them again, I'll die.    
Just walked along the beach avec le boyfriend-well nice evening! Heading back to the London pad tomorrow-I'm going to miss the beach!! 
@farwyde Shame I never got to touch you when you came to London  *sighs*
@Love_London u are on my tweetdeck  i know me too... puts me in a great mood!
@Sandy_Kooy  Mannnn, tickets to London are $400... that's nothin! I wanna goooo  I miss Europe. I'm jealous.
@davidschwimmer cold!!!??? Here in London it's been awful. We get a humid sticky heat. Not great to work in 
Knackered and in London after a 6:15am flight. Wish I was in bed. 
starting to think I'd have a better chance of finding Maddie than a ticket for @metrostation in London 
FUCK.... might have to forget the London Summit. 
@bimbler Raining and cold  - Even got my London coat on! hehehe
@LunaJune I hated Paris tbh...it really wasn't my kinda thing, so I'm glad to be home, altho I kinda wish I was in London, not Somerset. 
On a training course in central London... Weather looks marvellous - through the windows 
So i'm moving out of Glasgow and Zaria is moving through?! Nooooo! Cancel the London for uni plans, cancel them all. 
Crap! Just realised I missed MSTRKRFT in London last week 
I just got invited to the Metal Hammer awards in London. It's on a Monday night. Gah, not likely to make that. How un-metal. /w\ /w\  !
@andreiiak just an advice,,,dun follow Paris Hilton...she updated way too much haha 
@gfalcone601 almost no sun here  and it's really cold. remembers me of London weather, haha. XX
Damn, it's raining this weekend in London town... 
Time to eat and then get packing my suitcase again to go to the airport to fly home to London. Good bye Canada 
*sobs* I had to cancel Fit Flop order.  Out of stock for a month and wanted them for London trip.
In an overpriced hotel in Victoria, London, and the wifi website is basically b0rken. Time to leave Days Inn and find an internet cafe 
Nikki goes back to London tomorrow. We're losing a part of our little Austin family. 
sleepy - been so lazy today!! 3 days till London baby!! Wish I had someone to share the nights with  sometimes I miss the asshole ex.
leaving on her crazy European...travel...Odyssey at 3:00am...Goodbye Twickenham...goodbye London. 
In London now, weather looks pretty bleak  Brighton today if it cheers up? June 30th! Don't you be forgetting! ;)
@jedhallam stop gallavanting in London with your London friends when you should be with me for my LAST FULL DAY 
Sunny in London, shame I have to work 
NEVER coming back to SW London   It will be secure hotels all the way in london 
@KursaalTom My last London trip cost me basically everything, got my bag stolen with my whole in it in Camden of all places 
and, where is the sun today? London sucks-bet it's sunny in Essex-wanna be back there 
Back to London, back to work and just to cap it all off the beautiful weather has gone, boooooooooo 
@donoogle_com Wish i could make it, but i can't  so good luck from London, UK !  and i hope you find the love you deserve your a gd guy!
@adamurbanski. A lot of success in London with #lonws09.  Enjoy your first workshop in Europe. Won't be there, have other obligations 
@ewokwicket1  me too   Thought you didn't get it at the seaside..no wories will be in London soon...no nasties there ;oP
I really really really need a job. I don't want to leave London, and move back to Denmark already 
@jamesdoc @JustinReid I know - was too busy tweeting to realise! Just found out I'm still heading to London but very slowly. 
@coollike http://twitpic.com/6oazq - Lucky! I went to London on first class and they didn't give me tea  (Although I am a coffee girl, ...
@Sunshineliron @TeamUKskyvixen Are you guys talking about London 
@shesnubs oh. London .. Ich will auch 
@peterfacinelli no. It came to London  Bring the sun with you in July &amp; I'll bring chocolate brownies
@TreeinCally  Yeah I saw the play in London and bawled my eyes out at the end... 
Dry, sunny &amp; hot in Plymouth...get to London and it's cold &amp; wet 
I'd rather be in London with the fabam  Saturday, PLEASE go away!
@samantharonson the worst club in London on a Friday night... 
@PatsyTravers  Here too, I got SOAKED! Not looking 4wrd to getting soaked in London!
So tiredd.....yet I'm  glad in being productive today. Sad because my Patricia left to London to get married. 
Twitter's quiet at 6.53 am GMT +0 (London) 
10k run in Windsor today but got really drunk in London and woke in Southampton  I'm an idiot and today just might kill me...
Just packed the best friend of to the Graduate Fashion Week in London...exhausted from yesterday, and I have my work induction in an hour 
So I am here in London! Couldn't check in with twitter at airport, phone not roaming  but I made it!
It's a dismal day in London today, back to my boots and winter coat  Was that our summer last week?
@EmmaCossey no one wants to go to London  trocoderro, chinese meal then drinks. Though people will go to town if I want.....
Have agreed to go to London for the day but it's raining and it's sunny here  rubbish! I wanted to wear my new hat lol
Does nowhere in Central London open before 09.30? How incredibly dull 
it's raining  off to support fairly local new Farmers Market in Penge, se London &amp; to tell them about 1230 The Women's Company c u there?
Listening 2some Paris Hilton hahaha don't judge me  lol
Grey and gloomy in London today  ...bring back the sunshine.  Lucky that trip to Marrakech isn't far off!
Had farewell drinks with a friend last night before she heads back to London today 
After a less than stellar night's sleep, I have only just woken up. Which means no trip to London for me today  Bugger, bugger, bugger!
Boo, in London office and the powers not back on yet 
A week ago today was on the Eurostar coming back to London. Business lounge in Paris was all out of food  Just had oranges!
@Funkybabygirl Aw man that's not good  We have coldness and rain over here in London :/ Not quite as bad as you but still... Xx
Think I now have a comprehensive list of what I need for London to Brighton. Going to cost a small fortune though. 
@Lionel_richie Wonderful - wish I could be there to see you  Don't fancy a trip to Reading (not far from London) do you? lol
Leaving for London at 5PM... so many emotions!! I'm gonna miss you Jackie 
@debsoon ahhh they finish late  18th of June! yes hit me up in London fo shizzle ! oh wait, you're at GIC LDN right? LUNCH DATE!!!! xxx
I wanna come back to London ... My travel was amazing ... London is perfect ... I wanna come back  I wanna go to London AGAIN
is chilling in London with friends.  Weather reminds me of Melbourne.  I kinda miss home 
Shattered whirlwind Cali trip! on way back to SanFran for London flight 
Back in London after a relaxing weekend at home. Just one more week left in halls, how sad    had better enjoy it then! ;)
Handy hint. The roads are too plentiful in the city of London for a sat nav to be effective. That's my theory for driving round for ages 
London travel, CFA exam and sandwich food for the last 24 hours has come to an end. Back to Sheffield. Should wake up in 6 hours 4 office 
London Underground strike the one day Im in London  Why God!
New blog post: The famed Eximious of London is going out of buisness   http://bit.ly/w9JS9
@teatotally  free shots 4 everyone!!!! and yes @mollieofficial I am quite selective  I want London to be here NOW! I miss u girls 
Off to see Britney today...its sunny here but I think it might rain later in London 
@crimsontide029 I can't wait to see him again. Georgia flordia then bonnaroo &amp; London. 
@razzbingo Let me know if the world ends in London as the weather may move west and end my world too 
Up early preparing to do some work  Monsoon conditions at present in Sarf London.
@vene2ia I'm afraid not  Hot Springs, AK, Chicago, Dublin, London, Paris, Croatia, Nebraska for the rest of the summer
7th June, still no email. I want to know if i've got my place in London! 
@emeelgoesww still in London, working on a draft of the story! I come back soon, can't believe it's almost over!  When do you go to NL?
Grrrr Miley is doing a concert in London and i cant go 
Is up in London and has been for 4days. Mega ill 
Did anyone here the mega thunder in  London this morn??! My bed shook! No Portobello  my friend asked if I was allergic to rain...er Yes!
Just found my tweets from last night, when I was obv. off my face, somewhere in London. On the train to Luton, flying is gunna hurt! 
@wellhungarian  miss you, sorry I had to leave London in a hurry before I could come &amp; see you again.Will speak to you later *hugs* ~xXx~
Can't afford tickets to see@mileycyrus at the London 02  my life is officially over :'(
Can't afford tickets to see @mileycyrus at the London 02  my life is officially over :'(
It upsets me so much they never did a London cast recording with Ewan and Jane  She was so amazing - stole the whole show.
Back in London after a weekend in the countryside with the family. Mum is on the mend but still wasn't keen on leaving her 
@conceitedwombat London is brill. Sorry my txt were so late. No network coverage 
Quick pack and back to London... so much for my 4-day weekend, it's all gone in a flash and I'm back to working 5 day weeks again 
is going London in July. But unfortunately can not watch wicked. mom and dad banned it, as i have watched it loadss 
@Liamh22 It's so worth it though. I used to go there everytime I went down to London! Haven't been to the one in Liverpool yet though 
Back from London. Car was burglared during my trip. Nav sysem taken away, window smashed.  A well, an insurance job, still not very funny 
Clouds are gathering over London. Another full moon missed 
@KendraWilkinson I have to wait for the 14th June for it to be aired here in London,boo hoo 
I'm Sick an tired of this boring weird place Called London! Amsterdam Where u @  I'll have 2 wait till July 2 come bck 4 6 weeks tho ;)
@KristinaHorner have one in London and I will come! You should do a parselmouths gig we English are deprived from them! 
I really want to go to Americaa ... London sucks right now  too much raiin ... i need SUN !!
@XChadballX Haha can't wait, maybe its a comeback to England? Been to all your London shows, so gutted not to be seeing you at Reading 
BBC about to carry London announcement... suggesting only one LibDem seat 
Very, very unhappy about BNP vote and prediction. We're having a bad night but some hope in London... 
@keisha_buchanan I needa that iPod!! LOL too bad I live miles away from London 
Couldnt get to London in time to shoot 1 scene in Danny Dyers new film.  Serious bad times.
At London city Airport over two hours in advance. Bloody london transport being efficient 
London Bridge by Fergie is probably not the best song to start the day with. Train again. No talent on the train 
Morning everyone. Gotta go into London today for a meeting 
not enough sleep. Gym and London next 
@MXML He also sent me this: 'someday when u're back from London,we'll suck u into some project too'.(I'd love to b able 2 be part of it  )
Woke up in time (just) for my interview in London - on the train now. This place is quite difficult to get to by tube 
Back to work in cloudy London after a holiday in Barcelona - really feeling those monday morning blues today 
@DrMorgaineGaye London, eh? Hopefully end of August - you about then?? x (weird it won't let me DM you... 
Had a great week in London! Now back at work in Istanbul... 
@TheLadyJane Unfortunately, they're at opposite ends of London  These boys need organising better LOL
Britney spears has finished her London gigs 
@llordllama London Metropolitan are cutting library staff too. Have a horrible feeling it'll give our VC ideas 
in Soho where I'm working; they've moved office in with some sales guys I think. One of them is complaining Madrid was 'full of gays'. 
Leaving Jamaica tomorrow heading back to London awwwwww had such a great time we don't want to leave  
Back from France and missing the sun  why is London so grey? Any holiday suggestions? Somewhere sunny of course...
back home. no internship in London   but in Cork or Bornmouth.. still doubting what to choose!
@calvinharris How comes your not doing any London dates for you tour??? Nooooooo 
2day rehearsals,2nd auditions and a lot of nervous.i still missin @Jonasbrothers they're in London right now! i want JOE here with me 
@Tyrese4ReaL What time is the London Premiere tonight? No websites are saying  x
@OfficialJoBros Can't believe you guys r in London  stupid living in Scotland and having no money for a London trip 
Decided to come in to work today. I couldve been in London for the 3rd time this year right now. No TopShop for me. Boo hoo 
We love London..... SHOWTIME!!!!!! it was a busy day.. 
Been working hard. London had glorious weather, came back to Kent and it was raining 
Very nearly getting on the wrong train at London Kings Cross. I blame the adverts for @sonisphere distracting me - cos I can't go!! 
@paulmcnally Wow looks like you could be abroad or something! It's thundering in North London 
awwww I really really wish tht I was going to see EM in glasgow but I'm going on the London/Paris trip 
@Bitty_loves_you I know, but they're playing a show right now in London and they're not even stopping in Dublin   its not fair 
Hotels in Copenhagen turn out more expensive than London &amp; NY for the moment. Is Denmark booming? Booking a city trip, but no 'deals' 
@foxfaces OMG did all that get wet?! Sheesh it was spilling it in central London!  http://emkwan.wordpress.com
@susanstripling last week drove 6 in 50 mins inLondon 
is feeling extremely, extremely, EXTREMELY jealous of the people who've gone to London to see the Jonas Brothers tonight 
@peterfacinelli I hear you're in London soon!? It's not fair Im on camp that weekend 
@DavidHOxford Yeah man, when can we see each other. Working in London means no more Sbux coffee chats in Summertown mid-week. 
Jonas Brothers and McFLY singing together at Wembley? Just another reason why'd I'd like to live in London. Must study and finish essay. 
 Snow is stoopid, I wish it hadn't snowed at that we were at show in the Mayfair performing at the moment!!
Capping vids for the Gallery. She's so sweet in interviews! No Is in London though  http://bit.ly/tOmWM
@feltbeats Gah!!! Not fair.  There's no way I can fly out to London next week.
Trying to to assault the annoying christian across the table.  Leaving London for dover. 
06:38 to London Liverpool Street. A bit of time to sort my photographs and to start reading Dot Robot. Didn't find time for a coffee 
@1ChicMommy It's known as one the of craziest airports next to the one in London  I wanna say Heathrow, but not sure. Hope u got a flight!
@Emerald333 London? I'm going home for a week, I haven't been home since Christmas 
@PerLight Yep, been up since 4.45. London today. Long day ahead 
Good morning. I sound like a man. Home today  i'm going to miss London!!
London Gatwick......in the arrivals lounge, cappucino then next flight @ 10AM BST ......then into the office 
@missAnnabell no more play time for this kid. Settled down as of last week. So busy now til London that I haven't time to party anymore  x
Bike got stolen last night. 15 minutes after getting it all the way to London and chaining it up. 
@3sixty5days Contact the bank, the atm should have some sort of record that it retained the card. Welcome to London...sorry.  x
@Emerald333 I see! Shame London's 5 hours from home 
@ddlovato Were missin you in London !  xxxxxxxxx
2nd day of my conference in Paris. Back in London tonight 
@feltbeats Oh how I wish I could get to London. If only Brisbane was a bit closer 
@khootm friday: i'll be there! tho poss hungover, it's NW's largest interactive awards night b4, catching 7am train to London fri am 
@TheSourceress No  I'm away in London seeing Jersey Boys - I normally work weekends, but am doing more hours over summer.
@deanodown Wish I could be there but stuck in London  Good luck to you all..lets have a Rapha Condor win!
I forgot how silky it is to race a racing cyclist whilst commuting into London from Watford 
finally having dinner at the Hyatt, but jetlagged n fallin' asleep! i love indonesia - shops actually open till 10pm unlike London 
@NicnCher It told me to vacation in London... I WORK THERE I don't wanna vacation at work 
Busiest pre regatta day of the year and I'm sent to work in London for the week 
on Saturday I am scheduled to arrive in London at 9am and my train leaves Euston around 8pm . . i will need company 
I'm really upset that my usual package to Lucinda in London has not arrived, it was mailed two weeks ago. I have no recourse! 
Just posted an ad on Gumtree London - Madam is missing.   http://www.gumtree.com/london/54/40416154.html #gumtree
wish I could go to the Taste festival in London! back 3 weeks too late 
Having a bit of a teary after watching ANTM, because Ally's going to London on Thursday without me 
@NickkkJonasss Come back to England soon! I couldnt make it to London  Hope you had fun!
Wish I could go  http://bit.ly/LLBD3  Sometimes living in #London would be good.
It's Britney bitch! Just got back from London! I am in love with Camden Town, just gutted that i had to come away without seeing KOL! 
@PrincessSuperC How come you're not supporting Britney in Manchester but you did all the London dates?! Really disappointed! 
@Liamh22 yeah apparently she were only booked for London! I'm worried now that Britney will be on earlier and I wont be let in 
Why i don't live in London? Why they don't done this here in Brazil?  http://bit.ly/eengc
My hubby is leaving me to go to London for 10 days! Unfair on so many levels!! 
Who is going to the Online Fashion 100 party tonight in London? I am invited but nobody to go with 
@Isuara Awakeningsssssssss!! haha, it will be great! unfortunately i can't  Cause i've got a tournament in London. How is your day?
just found out from my local Starbucks that #VIA will not be released outside of London until next year... not good @Starbucks 
UX London 2009, bar Peter Merholz, seriously disappointing stuff. Most content suitable for Uni students not veteran practitioners 
@_JoeMasterson mate, there are only so many routes through or around London. All involve major traffic and pain. 
super sad day....last day in Harlaxton  Paris and London then home
is sad he missed Shinedown in London last night 
@DiamondChiq He is! I dunno y im tweeting non-sense. I'm good. Not looking forward to the 3hr journey from Leeds to London 
honestly where is the joy?, Newcastle college has knocked me back AGAIN and i'm not going to London now....maaan 
I'm working on my birthday!!!  Darren's just left for London. Did I leave anything out?
@ohgodohgod I don't think I can, I'm not registered with a doctors in London. Boooo 
Sick as a dog in London. Some sort of throat infection.  can't eat or talk but trying to force myself to drink hot fluids.
@Kanttila &quot;That's 1pm on the 17th in New York, 6pm in London, and 1900 in central Europe.&quot; Release time changing now? 
@Charlie_H_x oh no so the sat 11th??  i cant come that day im in London with Rach 
I just got invited to the Lakers private party tonigh ..too bad I'm in London! 
@emboosh nope London      are you going to JB on 24th November?
I want to go to the London Nerdfighter Gathering  So badly!
@danielledeleasa Heeey did you come to London with JB? kept an eye out for you at wembley but couldnt see you  lyl X
wishes he was moving to London now, rather than October 
@NinaMcFLY John Barrowman, my mate LOVES him and she met him today in London... I'm always in London and NEVER see McFly   x
@jakedee quizzer meet @alstonebridge and @scotty2000 we did pub quiz last night in London. Came fourth   much harder than Bristol!
@ddlovato I wish i was  Dam it! I hate living in London
@Soho00 yes, it is... it's cruel and difficult to see how men can destroy men...     ~sad~
Am awake and looking for a place to sleep in London 
I am about to take off for London! No cell phone for two weeks 
is heading to London next week for webMethods 8 launch. Just 2 days too late to catch the T20 world cup final at Lord's. 
On train to London. Have laptop, handbag, newspaper and coffee. But no banana. 
Seeing @jimmycarr's picture in the Tube makes me miss London. 
first day off in AGES and im so unbelievably bored everyones busy  oh well, Taste of London should be good tomorrow!
@metrostation I know this is random but will you be playing in London before july 17 or in Oklahoma after? becuase i have to move there! 
@metrostation I know this is random but will you be playing in London before july 17 or in Oklahoma after? becuase i have to move there! 
@metrostation I know this is random but will you be playing in London before july 17 or in Oklahoma after? becuase i have to move there! 
@metrostation I know this is random but will you be playing in London before july 17 or in Oklahoma after? becuase i have to move there! 
@metrostation I know this is random but will you be playing in London before july 17 or in Oklahoma after? becuase i have to move there! 
lol my work weather widget is set to London, Arkansas where there's an entire week of 35-38 degree weather 
@sweetL80 Oi you, were you in London and didnt tell me? Just seen pic of You, Matrix and Paul! 
@katerabbit Jealous! Was meant to be in London today, in work instead 
@thelittleidiot Hm, wish I could go to London right now to see it 
@thelittleidiot I wanna see you &amp; your drawings!!! but London is too far from Korea, I live  anyway, congratulations *hug*
@therealpinkoi nope  I leave London tomorrow (Friday)
I wish I lived in London so I could buy Beth Ditto's clothing line.  http://tinyurl.com/kryzog
will definitely miss BF maiko  hahaha  pwede pasalubong London Bridge? nyahahaha
I don't want to be banished to London!!!! Also I'm really really REALLY bored and unmotivated. Boo. 
@lillyblubell  That would be great.  Not sure if we are going north this time though   Would you travel to London for a day? LOL
heading to London on saturday.. away from gay sunny Brighton 
In a bad mood, the mosaic competition didnt go so well.We need anum, BADLY  Hoping we go through to next round in London (yn)
Security Alert! Taste of London postponed until 6:15 pm. Am a bit hungry not having eaten all day 
London Borderline tonight .Sold Out  ..
Wishes her room could be ready right now!!  - But.....this positive cos its only 15 days till The Spray London!! WOOP!
Anyone in north London want to dog sit this weekend? Kind of urgent 
@SophieLouise23 I've looked everywhere...mum is going to take me into London on Sunday...but I don't think I'll find anything though. 
I'm now officially a resident of Mile End Road, London. Going to be so so skint these next 12 months. No holiday for me 
I reeeeeaaaaally want sushi!  Wish there was a Wasabi here boo. I miss London haha!
Wrapping things up here in London...a few more things to do and a few more people to say good by to  Not looking forward to tomorrow.
I envy Paris Hilton, she's in Dubai an she got the most awesome jilbab's. What's sad is that she's never gonna wear them again 
Sitting in the departure lounge in Abu Dhabi wiating to fly back to London. Way too hot here 
@v21 oh no!  maybe we can all go out one eve? Are you just going back to London the next day then?
just saw an amazing prodcution of Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens...now off to Stonehenge &amp; Bath tomorrow. Leaving London on Sunday 
just saw an amazing production of Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens...now off to Stonehenge &amp; Bath tomorrow. Leaving London on Sunday 
London was, well, Londonish. Great conference and I got to visit GOSH in Bloomsbury. Couldn't find a BOSE shop though 
Plane to London stuck in taxi mode for another hour due to weather 
@lilyroseallen where u off to then?? I thought about going to London to meet you, but work has put pay to that  Oh well, maybe some day
Back home! All too short a slumber before meetings in London in morning. Hols over 
@Virginia_5 my friend from London is going to be there so we're meeting up!  hard to pack though, supposedly rain &amp; 70s all weekend!  
Video: Paris Hilton is a dumb bitch. But I wish I had a giant closet like hers  http://tumblr.com/xoe235ime
good morning London - can' hear the central line im woriied ive gotta get to HEATHROW this morning 
@stevelopez Aliens of London....what's wrong? Food baby? 
is wondering whether Globe-Trotter in London can fedex or dhl me leather straps. Someone fucked with my suitcase somewhere. 
Awake - definitely not going to college today :/ feeling very ill  was there a swine flu case in London?!
@ryan_leslie you're coming to Paris? thats so cool...hope you have a good time, wish it was Manchester UK 
I just bought some tickets to go see @mileycyrus in London. Since she's boycotting Scotland 
compling the NHS London KPI's again  but soon I'll be done then time to try out new joystick 
My last night in London  . Let's make it count!
i really want to be back up London  i miss LIMS!!!
Wanna be back in London 
I miss London  Can I go there again? I want to hear that sentence again, 'please mind the gap' ...
working on Plan B: nolonger at home next week, off to London-ish instead. Spending my birthday on my own in a sad hotel 
is waiting in Luton to leave.. I'll miss London town..  ps. YouTube's Miranda + guests in concert was halarious!! X
Feet are now hurting walking in the busy London town. 
To Do: Register for London classes, edit articles, call China publishers, wish dad and Jason happy birthdays, make my wisdom teeth appt. 
@infobunny i wanna be in SCOTLAND too. @bunnyspony made me homesick when must stay in London and work on book! 
Now it's holidays  i miss smoking and i miss my silk cut  can't wait to see them. i won't go to algeria!! OK ? London is better . .
@Fashi0nistaLily _ You too Kinder  &lt;3 , next trip at London =^p
Well that's that decided, I can't skate the London to Brighton as I can't get to London for 6am on Sunday 
watching this Rihanna concert definitely isn't good as it's the one i watched when i was in London. it brings back too many memories. 
Gutted!! I just got a 2 for 1 off for Boyzone tickets for Manchester and London but i can't go 
Britney Spears caught saying 'What's up London! To the crowd'...the concert was in Manchester 
@No_sugars_lewis nice! Followed a van into London who supply sofas, they chose cartoon badger as their logo. Couldn't pic since driving 
Had a great 2 days! Taking a private jet down to London as my BA flight has been cancelled 
My feet are really aching today. Shouldn't run all over town wearing boots with paper thin soles! Time to say goodbye London boots! 
eating cereal, editing videos, and watching MTV.com...my first Friday in 3 weeks since London  I miss ya
Paris Hilton and I got kicked out of the park, haha  http://twitpic.com/7vccd
I dropped my toothbrush in the toilet, so I flushed it...now I need to go to London Drugs. 
another request for interview from a place in London  pic of Fry &amp; Fielding not making me any happier about this shabby side of the world
@LondonGirlinLA Not in London anymore.  Westside guy living in the Valley these days. But I was a Kilburn guy for a while. Miss it! 
London &gt; Washington &gt; Virginia Beach.... Goodbye londontown 
@Starbucks Just read about VIA instant coffee... Hmmm, great idea but, WHAT, only London in UK??!! http://bit.ly/2lMrup Manchester soon? 
Urgh! There's no alternative to taking my car - all I wanted was to have a car-free weekend. I love London Transport 
@30SECONDSTOMARS Sad that I couldn't be there   So, are you in London?
@mcflymusic Sorry... I don't think I can make it... 12h flight to get to London... 
@ponor i love them. i think we have the last big population of them in uk here in SE London 
is on the train to London. Pretty sad to leave Scotland 
5 weeks goes by fast. Ive got 4 days left in London with @aevans6 
piano theory exam outta the way!..Phew!..got to crack on with grade 5 now!..wanted to go London today again but it aint happened  bored!!
@lucyhilson no Lucy not till 3rd meant to say booked London ha ha . Raging ur in Malta  reunion soon? Did u see the boys yet?
@WestEndWitch I'm in London tomorrow, hoping to catch at least some of W.E.L. Well gutted I couldn't do any more 
I am leaving London tomorrow!! I AM GOING TO MISS IT  But I have packed for Spain so hello sunshine
bit gutted I don't live in London and therefore can't have Frank Turner play at my house for his video 
Preparing for the London-Brighton bike ride in the morning ... which involves getting up at some stupid hour - I don't do mornings 
Not long got back from London, had a brilliant time, nearly saw Christopher Biggins but just missed him 
ill perform without her. Are you going tonight? Their not in London till november so i got a much longer wait 
Well fans, it's time for bed. I'm up early for the London To Brighton bike ride tomorrow plus I feel a little sad and down  night night
@krissi55 True.  But somewhere like London or Manchester have murders every week it seems.  
listening to Live from London: Eddie Izzard so funny, going to see him in Glasgow but not till November 
@o0omunkieo0o No real job prospects in SA, so I followed my brother &amp; his wife to London - miss my family, animals and my car though! 
Lynley Mysteries make me want to go back to London asap  
I was very drunk. I awake and found Paris Hilton molesting me. 
@mileycyrus I LOVE YOU.. please come to Malaysia  don't go London again!!
@lOvE_MiiLeY_x3 Not yet  She never came to Malta and probably will never come so to see her, I need to go to London. How about you?
I missed the preveiw due to Jonas in London lmao and I forgot to record it 
This time last week me and Lauren were sat waiting for our coach to London 
Want to go to the &quot;Taste of London&quot; festival, but lukewarm weather and can't find someone to go with 
train to London from Swansea. Since when has weekend upgrades cost 20 quid?! I'm sure I only paid a tenner few weeks ago 
I wanna be w my cousin  he's in London for a couple weeks ! ;( miss him &lt;3 Flip
Weekend in London nearly over     Back to work (and reality) tomorrow 
At British airways desk in London. They oversold my flight, are trying to find alternate. At least 7 hours delay home 
David!! come baack to UK!!! London is not the same without you! 
really really enjoying London!! Only 1 week left 
Summer! mhh...maybe not in London 
Spent a lovely lunch with friends on their barge in Ipswich. Shame they're moving back to London in August 
British accents are so cute!  (Sorry London friends - no time to be social this trip.  )
Happy fathers day!! Dads in London for the week 
anyway...London weather today is helping...going out 4 a bit, then bf, then football, then...well WORK again 
Second wasted day in London this week - didn't get into X Factor audience so ended up wandering around Westfield with no money to spend 
@karleigh OMGGGGGGGG, i'll watch it tomorrow. ahh i Lovee thaa. but no-oone in London knows what it is 
@angstmann Yep, same here. Apologies for the late reply; I've been twitterless until now. Gorgeous weather in London but work looms 
Attending MeM2009 conference in London. Very boring so far 
Back in London 
not even the heat in London can stop the pain of missing NYC 
Just landed in London. Radio is better, food is better, alcohol cheaper and clothes amazing. I don't want to come back to perth. Ever 
@mcflymusic its sunny in London but raining near Liverpool  it was sunny b4 but now its throwin it down can i sunbathe with danny ? &lt;3 x
@keithgrimes Aye, not so chilly up in London either. Going for a run tonight. Bike is a week away at best though now 
checking-in through web to flight to London tomorrow: my fav seat 3A is taken! Must take other ones 
well done Murray. I need a flat in London 
@BrumGPA I am in London not Manc 
Totally messed up tonight. Was supposed to be presenting at the London .NET User Group, but got my dates mixed up 
London Welsh enter administration http://tr.im/pvyf Let's hope they don't go to the wall; LW are a great local club with great support 
Having to go to McDonald's. Now I feel sad AND dirty. I miss London. I'm fed up with missing things I can't have 
Attempting to read for London... its not going so well... I feel like I have ADD... 
@MissKellyO Give Luke a kiss from me! When are you back in London  xoxo
I need to confess. I made a flavorless London Broil tonight. 
@haluca I am. But I've been asleep and am now up lol. Aww how long she in London for? Why couldn't she sneak you in her bag 
@NoelClarke not there yet but i'm on my way. Because i commute to London from Brighton. Livin' the dream. Apart from the commute. 
@Evitchka Why should London have all the fun? But you're right about the heart attack - sadly also applies to any innovation on Exmoor 
Back to work, after 4 days holidays in London...  incredible how many fixys, single speeds,...  unluckily my town is not flat at all 
Nice day in London. Working hard in the office today. Everyone asking about the  Spanish football team 
@bbcproms they live in London! They have access to this anyway! This is v frustrating for license payees who live in the sticks. 
Back at the Gare du Nord.  Very hot in Paris; supposed to be even hotter in London (28C).  The tube will be pleasant 
@jrowett am jealous as hell - you're getting all the fun down there in London town while I'm in my 5h1ty portakabin in Sheffield grrr 
@Angela13K Well, only one time I was to London... 2 years ago... But in general if we go abroad, it's only close to the border   .
And the Blackberry goes off  London &amp; Paris here I come!
off to IOD London to share some interesting benchmarking news with Publishers. does mean no jeans day though 
No London to Paris for me. Action Medical Research wont change the ferry/hotel details   Some time to train for next year though I guess
my two friends who moved to London a few months ago have to move back to SF. Their situation echoes mine, only without the school stuff. 
weather is great and I have to sit at work  .... but got my hotel voucher today - London Baby !! *happy*
#22725 - The Anonymous Hugging Wall in London .. I want to hug too  http://viigo.im/01yT
Great, rain in London for Friday and the weekend, just what we all need  http://tinyurl.com/d9kduy
@bsbfreak2007 I'm so not feeling good at the moment...  My mother doesn't want me to go in London on November to see BSB!
@RockSoundJen Not living in for FT fun London blows - and I'm playing in Reading tomorrow eve so it's not like I can come down either 
@_Isabeau haha unfortunately only London 
Shopping for shirts in shorts is apparently not the best of ideas in London. Get paid little to no attention, till the wallet appears 
London Marathon for the Foyle Hospice 3 weeks to go 
On my way into London to raid Oxford St 
@stephenfry Ooo Mr Fry you havent missed anything. I'll have a look out for you around London today.  Whilst your settling back. x
@rosshill Hehe neither do I, but in London it made far more sense than here.  10,000 users in London... more social.
Fixed the money-problem. Also, my cousin now lives in north-London (instead of Slough) and says housing me for a week is no problem. 
@rossmills hmm. Perhaps London expo? Lots of buildings. Dunno if that gives us much time. I'd have to prioritize my headcrab 
@Montaignejns Check the front page of tomorrows Times of London. 
@joeyalarilla hmm, hard to think of anyone bigger than @oprah, hehehe. Most likely stars with a lot to say, maybe Paris Hilton 
In London Town 
@angiemartinez Sooooooooooooooo lucky!!  Its pretty nice in London today, but id still prefer to be in NYC!
just arrived in London, Gower St. If anyone wants to meet me today or tomorrow - DM me 
@gtvone Oh come on... Live the double decker front row as you should: Live London, taste the GOOD of this city! 
Just saw Paris Hilton... Lol 
@jonsItalianbeau LOL!  So you were able to give him all the stuff in London I presume??  
Arrived at London Heathrow, now the drive to Yorkshire   http://twitpic.com/3l188
@Tildycat Absolutely brilliant pics Sue - looks like an amazing day was had by all in London yesterday 
@_MoisesArias I told loads of people to follow you  Big Fan! are you coming to the London Premiere of HM on Thursday?
Off to London for the day, finishing up with seeing IAMX tonight - Weathers nice too  Should be a fun day!!!
@WestEndActress The gay part of London I'll ask if we can go to West End 
On airport pickup duty then we're off to see Bat For Lashes tonight in London 
@TessMorris Belfast Marathon!! Would love to do London - but a bit out of the way! Lol. Usually no prob to get a place a year before! 
Just got onto the train in Leeds. FREE web  I get to twitter all the way to London with a querty keyboard rather than phone keypad.
Mmm...hopefully the London and Paris plan works  I wanna go mum!!!
@SE3Photo nuffin yet, buts its a gd day here weather wise, so thinkin of goin in2 cetral London, theres a really gd art place Tate Modern 
My blog gets about 50% more visitors from London than from my home town of Houston. Maybe I should switch to British spelling. 
In London for the game. Everton 
does not want to live anywhere but London today - LOVE IT!!!!!!! 
GIAN awesome  Blackout amazing! Now back @ uni - just 6 weeks left. Next up The Blackout tour Cardiff + London.
@ladygaga wow London? that's awesome...!  we're waiting for you here in Brazil, Gaga ;* muah
RPattz is coming home to London... not very far from Oxford at all!!! 
@snake66 Ooh now that would be telling   And a night in London in a posh hotel?? Lucky thing!
Back home to London tonight for a week though! 
@Memset_Kate Agree - but they do look a lot of fun.   Have only ever seen one being used around London.
@chavie101 LOL  well maybe I'll go to the market and ask around. But yeah the SL restaurant in London always has gotu mallum at the buffet
@DonLinn have fun at the London Book Fair - make sure you get a London Eye tourist trip in while you're there! 
@beingwicked have fun at the London Book Fair - and you're at my old stomping ground! I was at Mansfield! 
@NellCAdams UK, greater London area, for Gulliver's Travels  - good luck with ur research!
The http://media140.com/ microblogging event takes place in London on May 20. Use code Twittercism140 for 10% discount. (I'll be there! 
@AprilFilms I grew up in Ontario, spent some time in London, England. Now, I'm here. 
22C sunshine in Central London today 
argh! i'm missing my Future Sound of London fixes! need to get my Mac Mini soon so I can all 500gb+ of electronic dance music onto it 
@mikasounds Has not London of better to offer? Good morning mr Mika, have a good day! 
@DigitalSignals beautiful and sunny here in Reading.   I suspect London is the same!
@moggy99 Sorry to hear you didn't make it to the birth unit - hope you enjoyed getting stuck in London  
@deadlymedia wel, welcome back to London. Already replied 
I'm thinking it's quite criminal to be inside on a sunny day like this. Some serious sunshine going on in London 
@xsophiejane did you win the tickets to Demi??  When does she come to London? 
@iMandie Haha, I thought so, but just making sure.   [I think that we have a London, Texas as well--I know we have a Paris &amp; Dublin.]
Grease is the word &amp; the London Eye for me today 
mentally preparing for a jog and then off to London for the weekend with Josh  x
Richmond Park in the sunshine. London aint half bad 
Bought an Adidas t-shirt says &quot;I \|/ Ekaterinburg&quot; and left for good. Moscow is much warmer  Looking forward for London next week.
#dating #gay 28 year old lad looking for men in London  (London, Age: 28): Looking for gay guys fo.. http://bit.ly/qaBi2
WOW! The weather in London is unbelievable. Waking up to 22 degrees of sunshine and bright blue skies 
@LisaBevere Both! You were smart to have sensed you were targeted! I trust the HS is watching over you in London, Lisa! Stay beautiful 
Bored... anyone know what I could do in London today?  Tweet me back 
On our way down to London, come on down to 93 Feet East tonight at 10pm  x
Really =P Yeah I was last year in England ( Oxfort and London ) I love this City 
It's so cool in London!!!! Yesterday photoshoot was so cool!  amazing 
Soho on sunshine and wine 
@Pink Glad to hear you love London as much as I do....thanks for the awesome concert in Frankfurt 
Landed back at London Heathrow Airport T5. Strong coffee before i head back to Essex. Thank you for the hospitality, Mauritius 
Slackers today! Worlds End Tavern, London Road, Brighton. 3PM! It's going to be another blinder 
@Hadramie Sure do! The person you are twittering with now is in Cardiff. I'll tell my friend in London if he can be any help 
I liked Paris better than London but still I prefer Copenhagen to live in 
Realy bored of London!! (wanna go back to Lebanon)!! 
@daygan fair play. I just miss my beer garden when in Tianjin  happily I am in one in London right now.
@dougiemcfly, and good concert with you at London. France loves you, have you seen ? 
@Kiwi_Si emmmm the smart thing to do in London or Paris is to use Public Transport of Taxis, only the brave or the foolish drive there 
Getting ready for an all day date tomorrow out in London, I have no idea what he has planned...and thats the beauty of it  Love vibes~
@willself hi Will i met u on Wednesday at London Perambulator just before u left, lovely meeting u 
@FoxyOxymoron thanks! We're excited.  London, Stockholm, Copenhagen, St Petersburg... Awesome itenerary. 
@heidiraff Hehe, not for the wedding yet...I'm going to London to study for a bit. 
Quickest way to get a seat to yourself on a London bus currently: pretend to sneeze VERY loudly about 3/4 times 
@taylorswift13 you're in London?! Wow! I'm near there 
@taylorswift13 OMG! Taylors in London! Your near Scotland, please come visit Glasgow 
@GinJam it was an adventure to say the least. I've been to nicer parts of Norf London but will stick with the south for today 
In London! Off to do the tourist thing! 
The Disco at the End of the Universe launch date is sorted - 28th May, London  http://www.myspace.com/thedjtheendoftheuniverse
Bank holiday in London! woohoo 
Beautiful sunny mornig here in London, time for the morning meditation and some inspired living  http://ff.im/2L36n
Happy sunday, beautiful day in London... off to meet Chergo for breakfast  xx
Here's @Euan and @stoweboyd at our evening drink on Thursday night in London.  http://twitpic.com/4wrrp
@failedmuso after OSB i was the games buyer at the Virgin Megastore; left there in 96 for a career in TV land down London. Now at SEGA 
@CarissaReiniger hey you enjoy London!  Lets connect when you get back...  And btw... follow be back on Twitter so I can DM!  
@ladylikepunk What I tweeted earlier - working vacation in London! So I can hang out with you tweasels, yo. 
@aleshajae3t Haha, I'll make sure you get one. I'm good thanks you? Lovely weekend down here in London! 
@Homez78  London is much more fun during the winter so I guess this makes it even 
@tommcfly @dougiemcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry have a good one guys you were awesome in London and Southend. Love you all  xxx
My birthdayy in 2 dayys  And I love Paris Hilton !!! xxx
@xxandip I'm up &amp; on the train already to Oxford Circus. My first day in salon at London college of beauty therapy! Book a facial with me 
London City I'm liking it 
can any recommend any good driving routes from Brighton &gt; London (excluding the obvious A23/M23, somewhere where 1 can have some fun 
@mh3: that is WILD...esp that it happened in London public transportation. Nice 
Yeah nearly hometime - back to Manchester  leaving 'that' London!!
@JamesMW78 Morning   How is London this fine day?
@Mechanical_Mind @Ixalon Paris with my lovely wife. 
Wacko Jacko is coming to London in 2 months...hopefully we can all relax a little and enjoy life for once!! 
@Porfix ha ha! I totally understand that's OK. But you have to see Rome/Barcelona/London before you make your mind 
@jimmywhite09 Good - London afternoon, cloudy but who cares 
@IvyBean104 Hello Ivy, so nice to meet you. My grandfather was from London and I have relatives near Heathrow Airport. wishing you well 
On my way to London!  Talk to you in about 4 days.
Morning twitterverse! London to Brighton here we come. You might see one or two Mini's an route 
Getting loaded up with Caffeine before doing some chores and then London Zoo at lunchtime 
Hangin' out with Aaron in London!!! 
@MyCaricaturecom @JoeCascio We don't have to have all the Tweet-ups in New London...I'm willing to travel 
London pictures - comming soon. Make sure to comment them all and check out my blog tomorrow aswell 
@marcflores hey fellow, where in London r u based? I'm in and around Old Street today 
Keynote at SMX London is fantastic.  WoW mentioned as good dashboard. 
I will be in London at the end of July...anyone around? 
@worldarts Hey Stephen , hope your day starts good  How is life in London today ?
@loris_sl London is nice  Also Slovenia :p Were you thinking of exploring cities holiday or swimming? 
Back in London after a weekend in GOD country. Manchester to everyone else 
Have been invited to visit The Times offices in London. Looking forward to it 
Back in Amsterdam, had a great weekend @ MOS, London and Radio City, Dublin! Amazing crowd!! 
. @MissShoko_rdj No, @TiTi_82 is really just my friend, we met when I lived in London, not family, but we are very close anyway 
@noxo Front seat, top deck - the best place to be on a London bus! 
 Going to London Expo this weekend  Can't wait !
@Yelp_London haha thats me! i have been thinking of all the places i want to review all morning 
Just landed an amazing internship in London this September. Means I can goto FameFestival in Italy with vhils, blu, harrigton + many more 
Heading for a day trip to London - Ontario, that is 
@benasmith How odd! We stayed in King's Cross when we went to London.  The market was friendly, didn't realize how &quot;cutting edge&quot; it was. 
@PhotoBox thanks! I need the Rocky soundtrack to get me through this one, I think  saw you guys are involved in Shoot London, nice work!
is looking forward to working in London on Wednesday and going out to dinner after 
Love Temperley London 
In process of selling my orange beaded pickup truck. Will be sad to see it go, but happy it is going to London &amp; to someone I have met! 
@dannynorthphoto - There was an army between me and you so decided against it!  You in London any time soon? Beers would be a laugh!
@cindyscott54  yes, my favourite place to be in London, other than the National Gallery.  
@_emmajane_ Love London and know it well as I have family in Essex. I have a busy day too, lots of running around. Have a lovely time 
@chocolatesuze She's in London &amp; I wanted to order a huge hamper for her. Ended up getting her half a doz cashmere socks instead 
On train to London. Makes change from Dublin  Haven't been to the office in ages. I like London.
Tweet #100  : preparing for a long summer like week end with the family in London
London to Paris fundraising deadline is today! http://justgiving.com/riverratrecords - Sorry, I really will shut up about this soon 
Guided tour of the Tower of London! 
In London! Going to go fix me up some breakfast &amp; watch Kerrang 
Back in town tomorrow! Or is that Sunday, anyway leaving London tomorrow. Tres excited 
@emmawad You're from Yorkshire!! Big up the Northern loving!!  Know idea why I choose to live in London!?!  Enjoy the Mojito's!! 
@Jlowthrop ee, they pour a good mojito up here too!  Might be moving back to London soon though so making the most of it. Thanks!
London home! Goodbye to 3 GCSEs 
On the train on the way to London!! Whoop whoop 
Flight to London delayed by half an hour, but as I'm in the Emirates lounge I really couldn't be happier 
@jamie_oliver http://twitpic.com/5onb3 - Damn, you couldn't wait a couple of weeks until I'm in London huh? 
@theweene hehe, tommy informs me we are @ Coventry, 97 miles from London 
London/Italy is just getting closer and closer 
@LuucyGoose I KNOW. Amazing London times ahead 
Check this event in London Pepps     http://bit.ly/FtF4O
i'm so glad to hear that Dan gold of London ink will be at Bournemouths first tattoo convention....bring it on 
@beardoctor Awww  I get bored with Ireland every so often and skedaddle off for couple of years here and there. Next stop London methinks
@jamie_oliver so at 5pm London Time you will ask us a question over twitter and the first to reply could win a gift? great 
That's it packed and ready =^~_~^= let's get a climb on, London ..... C ya ..... Next week 
@freddurst Come back to the UK! I saw you at Carling Festival in Finsbury Park, London back in '03 and on your own tour shortly after 
Last afternoon in London, followed by happy hour specials at Roadhouse (http://is.gd/CnoK). Should be an interesting last night! 
Waiting for work to fiiniiiiiiiiish so I can go get a beer in this London sunshine.  Whaaat? Sunshine, that's right 
Had to run through London Victoria but just managed to cut half hour off my train time home! On games at crossroads tonight 
@DeborahGibson I met you once when you were performing Grease in London.  You were very sweet to me and my friend.  
@Lovely_London Oh, okay. I love your tattoos, by the way. 
@DJSuperDre Jon B is doing just fine  Not so long ago had a hangout with him in London. All is good, the hair is still a mess.
It's such a beautifully clear day. I can see the layer of smog covering Central London 
Last day of Half Term Camp, then on into London for some fun 
Beautiful sunny day in London; might take the old laptop up on the roof and work in the sun. 
@BrodyJenner Omg London is awsome.   I rekon you'll love it
Morning twitter nation. It's a glorious Friday in London 
tucking into a freshly made pain au chocolat. Not in Paris but in Leeds 
@BrodyJenner if you mean London in the Uk then i have i have, its soo amazing im going back this summer 
What a beautiful day in London, sun beaming onto the skyscrapers in Canary Wharf! 
@davidtennantcom OOOh sounds good - I was gutted I missed DT in Hamlet in London (though the other guy was good!) 
64 degrees and a clear day in London...Going to see Windsor Castle today 
Blech. A tad late for work. London tomorrow though 
needs to grab some breakfast then can leave for London &amp; Carly's YAY 
