Most common words for this cluster:
[('lost', 611), ('season', 42), ('quot', 36), ('game', 31), ('night', 29), ('time', 27), ('today', 26), ('land', 25), ('phone', 22), ('voice', 20), ('http', 18), ('finale', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Lost', 0.9916772246360779), (u'Actress_Yunjin_Kim', 0.6354434490203857), (u'Blue_Shipwrecked', 0.6020472049713135), (u'Actress_Evangeline_Lilly', 0.5983223915100098), (u'Actor_Naveen_Andrews', 0.5890412926673889), (u'Spoiled_Bastard', 0.5809321999549866), (u'Felicity_Alias', 0.5784847140312195), (u'Damned_DLC', 0.5687756538391113), (u'stars_Naveen_Andrews', 0.5562970042228699), (u'Forgotten', 0.5525122880935669)]





Lost my free copy of radioactive so can't put it on my ipod grr!And i can't go out + buy 'nother coz it came with that paper 
Lost my phone some where.maybe in the grass, its just so long, hope it doesn't rain 
Completely wiped and reloaded the 8900.... Lost all BBM contacts    Going to bed sad.
totally shocked by the episode of house this eveing  Lost one of my favorite characters.
Lost everything on laptop  Won't be able to CG anything properly untl about 6 
@DelphaForce How'd you guess!? She's deaf actually. She's orf to t'clinic soon. Lost all her high frequency &amp; will have tinnitis forever 
Lost a follower, thats just upsetting  ha
my boyfriend has decided to depress me by putting in Paradise Lost. 
Lost some cash on the pokies 
Lost the game   Going out to dinner with parents....
Another loser: Lost the game  Going out to dinner with parents.... http://tinyurl.com/dkvexv
Lost $90 in cash at the mall today. Fell out of my pocket. That puts a damper on the weekend. 
Lost my creativity bug  started a great essay and a letter to the bf while sipping on wine
Lost our first baseball game today.  Not so happy 
Lost poker came third, which comes with no prize money. I wanted a spades  but got a diamonds. Awww.
@memoirofagaysha I need help!! I am Lost in twiiter cyber-space 
Today was not a good day. Lost one of my fav. hats, parents house got flooded. Lots of other stuff too. 
Lost a rare gorgeous Seattle day due to taco del mar poisoning, my tummy still hurts 
Lost my GF rabbit in cannes... 
Lost my phone in yesterdays rockshow at PESIT  lost all my contacts my number ;'( oh my god
Lost money tonight  support your local bartender!!
Lost in the scary parts of salt lake 
Lost 5 followers  What am I doing wrong?! :'(
I am Like Lost in Translation 
Lost to the scum, depressed now 
Lost his DS  but then found it on a chair with stuff on top of it 
Lost in golf match  more practice required I think.
ok now im watching Lost, to be honest im losing interest in the show 
Lost her voice. Oh PCN, I miss you 
Lost 2-4, with 3 close matches all going the wrong way 
Lost track of time reading Plato 
@jennymelon haven't seen Lost yet but will watch it tonight...after our weigh in 
Lost my sim  what should i do now ?
I had the most unusual dream where I was on the island in Lost learning sign language from someone there.  Sayid did NOT like me. 
Lost less than a pound, boo 
Awww.. Lost a follower.  
Morning. Lost a follower. 
Lost again this time to a flush 
Hey ABC.com, when I'm watching episodes of Lost on your site, could you *not* include Lost commercials with spoilers? 
Lost by ONE freakin point!  Goin to in n out now yum
Dwntwn checkin out Lost Leaf. headin home soon. Have to work early 
Lost my phone!!! 
Lost my bb holster 
Lost my wallet last night... Inge is an angel, but I'm a bit worried about the coming week, financially 
@MrGuiteau What's up Pierre! Lost contact with all my TSAW fam when I deleted my myspace page 
Lost my phone and a follower...what i do 2 deserve this?? 
&quot;The Constant&quot; - Lost Episode 5, Season 4. Made me remember why I like the show. I'm a sucker for fairy tale love stories. 
Going to finish watching Vampire knight for elaine &lt;3 Lost 2 followers  I'm sorry I tweet so much, Last one for a few hours. Promise
finished watching Lost 514.... oh Faraday, pity you....  Eloise Hawking is a cold-hearted b****...
Lost my oyster card last night. Not happy about it 
Fabby weekend. Lost money and locked out my house on friday afterthe club and out for a drink in the freezing cold yesterday  haa.
Lost another couple of pounds after what can only be described as a monumental jobby. Hangover has officially set in now 
F%$#!  Lost my phone 
@SBKLIVE Because Lost is on Wednesdays. 
I am a bit upset about Faraday's turnout in Lost 
Lost and Found Lost my iPod  (rohnert pk / cotati): Lost my iPod! Email me if u found it! It's a.. http://tinyurl.com/dcvm36
WTF I Just Lost A Follower 
Lost my voice, feel rubbish, should be in my bed!  x
@Simburgur I watched the first season of Lost when it came to ABC First but then when they started flashbacks I quit it became stupid 
Lost my game....... 
Jetlag is a killer...Connected w some amazing people @ the sessions here (i might even remember names tomorrow)...Lost to Jeff in poker 
Lost their first game  hope they do better this one!
Hurt my knee at work so badly that I had to go home. It's still swollen but feels a bit better. Lost an hour of pay though. 
Lost again without @saralikesyou 
Lost my blackberry 
Lost all my money 
just watched the last episode of friends ever!  they really shuld make a friends movie! Lost soccer, the studied most of the day boring!
*cries* I just Lost. 
Lost my goddamn phone 
What a night.... Lost my voice again! 
My fridge made me mad. I am sure the fridge portion is busted. Lost a whole gallon of milk 
Is disappointed. Lost my first game of spades in three months! The close ones hurt. 
Lost in the confusion of death rip ben t golz ... Needing tim so bad right now 
@jayandjack it's so sad that this is the last time we all will go &quot;I can't believe I have to wait 8 months, I'll go insane&quot; for Lost 
Lost the volleyball tournament 
It's going to be such a long time until Lost is back. 
really? &quot;possible&quot; &quot;unconfirmed&quot; &quot;tiny rotation&quot; = not one good reason to stop showing Lost. *sigh* please be online soon 
~ Season finale of Lost made me cry for soooo many reasons. Why must every season finale of Lost make me so sad 
Trying to figure out Lost, I can't discuss it with anyone online because they r all 3 hours behind me and are currently watching it now!  
Omg was Lost fucking stupid or what?? THAT is how they end the best season ever?With a boring bullshity piece of bullshit? So much stupid 
@jasononey It's regarding Lost! I can't go any further yet, cause I have 2 or more friends on twitter who havent seen the ep yet 
Lost is confusing me... Yet again 
Finally I got my mob back in my hand. Lost 2K for repairing. I feel that person cheated me 
I love Lost!!!! ..too bad they're ending it next year 
Watching Lost alone is NO FUN!!!! I need someone to scream at the tv with. 
@philgoodstory still trying to wrap my head around the #Lost season finale! can't believe we have only 1 season left now 
10 min left of Lost and I'm an emotional wreck. 
It's taking over 5 hours for my Lost finae to download 
@kspidel The dog in my icon, Pooh: Best dog I ever knew. Lost her a while back. Broke my heart into a million pieces. I understand. 
oh my god. best episode of Lost, EVER. man, i hate J.J. Abrams for making the the next season the last one ever.  say it ain't so!!
Intense but awesome Lost episode tonight. Next season not starting until 2010! 
Just finished the Lost Finale. Wasn't as many cliffhangers as I thought. No Desmond sightings. 
Sad that I missed Lost.  time to sleep
I love Charlie, I wish he would come back on Lost. 
I really liked the Lost episode but sucks we have to wait ssssoooooooo long till season 6 
Wanting my lost lost lost lost.  also, I love lost, watching lost, and talking about lost. Lost.
&quot;Lost&quot;'s Juliet just died! NNOO!!  And it doesn't look like she'll be back since she'll be a lead in &quot;V.&quot; Lost is becoming a sausage fest!
Oh my god, Lost... I don't even know where to begin. So fucking amazing, but also incredibly depressing - the most it's ever been. Wow. 
@riyaan yes no #Lost until next year  was another shocking episode.
Downloading the latest Lost-episode. Seems to be a double.  Season 5 about to end then, I guess
Lost my blackberry  sniff sniff, oh well I needed to disconnect anyways
@vikki_stargirl I need to do that. boo  Lost my job because of the 'recession' now i'm skint all the time.
Lost finale won't have finished downloading by the time I go to bed 
@DavidBlue Yep, Lost was awesome. Now we have to wait 8 months for it &amp; I have to wait until October for SGU. 
@greviant I don't want to go to work, I want to stay home and mourn Lost 
Lost s05e15. sub looks SO graphic.  
@SamanthaMulder @zachfelldown It's pretty depressing to think we have to wait until 2010 for #Lost to return 
Loved Lost last night, but I don't want to wait until next year to see the last season! 
I'm so far behind on Lost. I think I'm still watching like season 2.   I need to catch up badly!
No more &quot;Lost&quot; until 2010 
Man I gotta wait a whole  year it seems like for Lost to start again 
Can someone please explain what the heck happened on Lost last night?! I'm so confused! 
Lost is over for the season 
Lost rocked my world last night.  It was so good and now it won't be on again until next year 
&quot;Lost&quot; was a little disappointing last night.... I have nothing to watch now 
Lost summary: I don't want to wait for season 6 
Lost her again    
Dang Xstreet, i think they &quot;Lost&quot; my deposit 
Lost his phone 
I'm working on my Lost Boys forum!  I broke people's post count.  
Took second place in the left 4 dead tournament.  Lost first by only 30 points. 
Lost at flip cup 
Only 9 short hours till Lost Finale. I genuinely cannot wait/can't believe that I haven't read what happens. I miss my girl 
just watched Lost s05 Finale: WOW! It will be pretty hard to wait until 2010 to find out what's going on 
I am knackered just finished work. Finaly of Lost is on tonight 
Lost my voice 
Is exhausted after todays photoshoot -slogging through harbour mud to get boats is no fun  Ready and excited for Lost this eve though!
Sad because I just found out this is  goin 2 be &quot;Lost's&quot;   last season 
Lost 3-2 in a bowl out! That's us out the cup 
@indahouze2003 Lost especially you have to get the DVDs and blast through a bunch in a row. 24 too I guess. I watch too much TV 
Lost my damn voice completely 
@I_dream_alone yeah. Lost everything on my laptop. Most of the things I can never get back 
Lost 3-1, crazy fast striker, was on my heels all game  Also played with 9 men because our people didn't show.
Lost and Found Lost Nikon Coolpix s210 - Bay to Breakers  (USF / panhandle): i lost my camera a.. http://tinyurl.com/q2k7vz
Damn! Lost my wallet  if you find one with my goofy ginger kid license picture in it let me know! (via @jaredmaine)
@gfalcone601 how AMAZING was Lost last night!!? i cried at the end  xx
Hugely disappointed with the Lost season 5 finale 
@Lost_Initiative sadly can't get part 1 to download 
Lost season finale was amazing! As if there's no more Lost for a year though 
The Lost Finale... one bit made me so happy, another bit made me tearful 
Lost my Ipod at the weekend  am devestated!
shows are getting bad, bad, bad! And Lost is left with only 1 season 
...the most! And when Lost comes back, given it's the final season...it's gonna be even worse. 
..the most! And when Lost comes back, given it's the final season...it's gonna be even worse. 
...I'm obsessing over. And when Lost comes back, given it's the final season...it's gonna be even worse. 
Lost one follower. Grrrrrr!  :|
Lost Stuco elections  Secretary position  But is glad to have experienced democracy firsthand and now understands the point of ISA
@madaboutbooks Am reading WTLF at minute. Want to read Lost Riders but all 4 copies are out  Alice (am in english in library)
is up looking thru the pics from Lost in Music...will upload shortly...why is there never any sugar in this house n the shop is on mars 
the CavS Lost!!!! 
Lost my earring.   #3wordsaftersex
Lost my prescription sunglasses the other day. Not very happy with myself. 
Argh... Lost my internet connection, cant update the melody experiment  I should go to bed anyway
Lost without certain things in life. I'm missing 2 of them which is 2 too many. 
Another loser: Lost the game 4-1.  http://tinyurl.com/klqrbb
Lost my tassle in the chaos 
Down about 5 grand tonight. Lost all my coinflips and even lost most of my hands where I get river by a 1 or 2 outer. 
Learned a lesson the hard way. Lost my USB stick and backup was a month old 
is there a program that tells you when someone stops following you or who started following you? Lost one last night and I've only got 85 
Oh darn. Lost another follower. 
Lost at bowling again  why do i suck
Lost my keys  now i'm waiting for my dad in d'iberville. Phail. Also fml
Just heard good vibrations and i thought of Charlie dying on Lost 
Just finished her tennis match... Lost tho  6-3, 1-6, 4-6
weekend, bought Lost Odyssey, YAY  ------- however, my 360 RROD'ed on me  it's the second time 
Lost a battle with the couch....phone has been blowing up 
Lost his favorite thing he loves to always have on him, his story of the year Key Chain..    
@mygoodcents It isn't easy!  Be there for support, it is the best thing you can do is offer your love &amp; support! Lost both of mine early 
Lost in the quaters.. 
Decided not to go out. Lost my wallet  i feel like stayin home anyway...
Burned through all of Lost in under 2 weeks.  Miss it.  Should have waited another year to start 
Lost her favourite sunglasses 
 they're gone. Lost my shite at the airport.
Just when I thought my night couldn't get any worse... Denver Lost 
Counting down the mins to get off. Lost my license so can't go out might as well stay till the last min 
   Lost 2 followers.
Lost a lot of blood tonight  stil hurting..
Lost my keys tonight and gone for good  whatever sweet dream$.
Lost one follower. 
Lost In Translation: garbage disposals. The most useful invention since the knife and no one has one 
Lost RM60 in mahjong today.  Tiles are like craps or always one step behind the winner.
Lost my lyrics 
Lost 16 or so lbs yet still hav a huge belly when I let it out.  So hope it goes. Worried it'll go from everywhere else.
@emanshah end of a row, see tire marks leading to my car. Pushed back end sideways into next car. Lost part of no claims 
Lost my sunglasses 
Really disappointed we didn't get the photographer.  Lost by a LOT of votes. Thanks to everyone who did vote for us.
Lost 2nd game 4 nil   #obears
Lost with pocket 6 to a king on the turn   to a idiot who doesnt know what hes doing
Lost our send game. 
Up was great!!! Lost my ring at the theatre though-not so great. Annoyed that I have to go to work today. 
Server crashed :\! Lost the database for facepalmstudio.com, and i don't have a backup! Things ain't looking up to good now, are they? 
Lost another pair of sunglasses! That's my third pair this year  still recovering from da beer boot last night, its just too much!
Lost my debit card somewhere 
Lost my voice 
Lost in the big metropolis of Mckinney, TX. 
boo, you can't get the first 14 episodes of Lost Season 5 online!    looks like my little obsession is over for now.  Maybe that's good...
Lost my favourite purple eyeshadow, oh noes 
Lost my wallet last nite &amp; whole lotta $, thus why I NEVER keep cash on me 
Lost it 6-3 in the 6th... Consolation bracket tomorrow @ 3:20. 
Dangit! Lost another follower.  But, I have a cherry coke! And sadly, there's issues with mah mom in WA that I gotta help with by Wedn ...
Lost at Monopoly again. 
Lost my cam 
Lost my match  lol now gunna be in a rumble
Played a softball double header and lower legs got eaten up by the mosquitoes....itches!!! Lost both games BTW 
Still sick.... Lost my voice.... In bed! 
Lost my birthday money...there goes california... 
@mattgood once you watch the latest season you probably won't like it so much anymore.  fortunately 24 and Lost continue to impress.
Lost 60 in 10 at blackjack 
Lost to @rrradiogirrrl damnit  now some wii fit !
Lost the game. 2-1  Almost there. Needs More practice.
Another loser: Lost the game. 2-1  Almost there. Needs More practice. http://tinyurl.com/lrksum
Lost 4 followers while I was sleeping. I guess I snore too loudly 
Lost all my numbers in my phone 
@redvers Really miserable yeah  Lost hours today mending problem instead of enjoying the sun
Man Vs Wild hosts another ad for a &quot;Land of the Lost&quot; crossover that isn't closed captioned.  That's too bad - T-Rexified! 
Lost my wallet last night 
@MoriahJovan my swing is broken  and new ones cost major dollars cuz men don't make them for their ladies anymore! Lost art I guess
Lost Weekend   http://tinyurl.com/m6n5xs--&gt; makes my dayyy
Lost my house keys... #fail 
Lost my wallet as in proper lost 
@essell2 Girl pants - I've got that ahead of me with the final seasons of Lost 
Lost satellite thanks to a storm that we are getting. 
Lost 7-5  now we have to drive home an hour =\
Mission get-errands-done accomplished. Came back to fire alarm that had just started. Just got back inside. Lost 2 hours 
Crippled in Double B. Lost most of my chips bah 
TOMORROW I get back to working out hard and eating only what is needed to survive. Lost all my cash 
Lost my little rubber foot 
says Land of the Lost (2009) what crap that looks like! Going totally ruin Land of the Lost.  http://plurk.com/p/xi4k1
Lost my job  Oh well, that just means something better is meant to be.
... Think I lost my raybans  I'm so sad. $5 to someone that finds it. Lost in the premesis of my own home!
Lost another baby hamster this morning, from 11 to 7  hopefully the rest will survive
Lost my hackintosh at work  going back to Ubuntu....
Lost my headphones 
Lost her phone!!  Some mexican stole it at a quince I was in.
@kgracieg poor Lost heroes, they never managed to get to the wonderful city that is Paris  hahaha
Lost my headphones so no listening to podcasts for me until I find them! 
Revision not going well today  it's one of those unmotivated days. Might go and watch some more Lost instead haha!
is this Lost in real life? scary  http://bit.ly/TVw9j
Is anybody else feeling like TV land is empty without #Lost to look forward to? Kinda depressing to come back and remember that. 
Lost almost ten pounds last week whoop whoop!!! Feeling great.. If only I could find that darn keycode 
Sheesh. Lost plane: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8076848.stm  Macro: how terrible. Micro: not stoked to be flying to Paris soon...
Lost a follower.  Down to 16 now 
@harisn Lost season 6 delayed till 2010  I have to wait for 6months now .. damn 
Lost 2 faves today  still proud of tommy but disappointed about JJ goat. Some great stuff by gael btw, love that guy!
@gailbarton Me too. I immediately thought of #Lost. How terrible is that. I feel so sorry for the passengers and their families 
's hard drive failed. Lost all my data again.  And is computerless while it gets fixed. So much for my birthmonth!
Lost baseball state championship game 
@Phoemail Perhaps it's a publicity stunt for the final series of Lost? actually, that's probably pretty poor taste if it has gone down 
do I really have to wait till next year to see more #Lost and #24 
Lost a follower, was it something I said.  #tcot
Hulu is fresh out of Land of the Lost episodes.    No second through fourth seasons?
Lost three bucks in penny slots on the strip.  guess I'm not very lucky!
Maybe they are just Lost. 
@bbrathwaite No, most of season 5 is offline.   I only found the last five episodes. I had to stop watching Lost completely. I'm jonesin'.
@iamBenLyons I say Land of the Lost, and then next week The Proposal.... though all of which I will probably wait for DVD 
Lost my picture... 
Lost/stolen suitcase yeasterday on the airport. No valuables but my hiking boots and more  Leaving today hope only for good now ;-)
@PhotO tomorrow nite is the Lost season final  very upsetting.
Lost my white flower clip  urgg just got it too
argh! E3 going and i finally got Lost Odyssey,  and my 360 decides to RROD    have to wait 2-3 weeks           
@Sephyre well mr Sydney i stil cnt gt on a flight feeling safe after all this Lost drama hehe ..its tough from this end 
@amynotlp I think a lot of people thinking about that wreck jumped to &quot;Lost&quot; like it's some kind of wish fulfillment... 
Lost my cell phone   Kristoffer has hidden it, and since it is on silent, it is a very good hiding place.
Lost his sennheisers at the skate park... 
Lost the debate 
Making pasta for dinner then hoping to watch the Lost finale. Yes, I am so far behind! 
Lost 3-2 in a 26 inning game with a missed tag at the plate 
Lost my cat  Here kitty kitty
Lost two flips, then check-shoved an open ender, got called and bricked. GG. 
Lost my temper today. I feel bad.  
Lost my wallet  
@spurofmoment I got no PC tonight  Lost finale is awesome!
@janepau13 For real?! This is so sad! So much for my 'they-will-end-up-like-the-ones-in-Lost' Theory. 
i wish i knew what was going on in Lost 
Lost a friend today   She died peacefully in the hospital.  Beautiful alto.
The Blues Lost!!!  Shattered.
Didn't take long to get vacation atrophied.  Lost 11 lbs and my clothes are too big.  Time to hit the gym.
Six more resumes sent. Lost count on how many jobs I've applied to...hope one of them at least replies. 
Lost 2 followers today. 
Lost in harlem with @haeriepyo we cant find a cab 
Kelle and I were gonna pop in after &quot;Last of the Lost&quot;, but looks like we may miss you  @jimmyaquino
Lost my phone last night! 
@EWAusielloFiles more Lost spoilers!? you're on a roll! UNFOLLOW 
Playing with my little brother twin on the floor, whilst encountering serious Lost withdrawls. 
Lost at blackjack 
Yellow Eyes is in Lost!! i love that actor, too bad it seems to be a bit part 
Aite yall I know I've been M.I.A. but I'm back... Currently I'm havin the worst luck with money. Lost like 245 dollars 
Oh no, Land of the Lost got a 29% on the tomatomometer.    (http://bit.ly/Q3cO3
@tweetylover89 We ended up watching Land of the Lost. Hangover was sold out  It was alright, had some funny moments.
Lost my chapchaps 
Land of the Lost wasn't as funny as I had hoped  We'll see how The Hangover compares.
Lost like 3 follwers at the same time! 
Caught cold;Lost my favourite glasses;Quarrelled with Artem;Didn't catch a car checkup (so that need to go on without it for a week) 
have woken up with a sore head &amp; tales of last night...mix of embarrassment and laughing! Lost my camera though  
Lost my voice  Does anyone realize how hard it is for me to be quiet??  LOL
In a cab on the way home from lions. Lost.  http://myloc.me/2MHX
Lost my course work stuff  SHIT!!!!
Lost my car keys 
Ello every1!!!! Lost my game today  but I beeeeeeaaassstteddd
Lost my ID, credit cards &amp; some dignity last night. 
Lost my first bet.  Teraath, you failed me. 
F word!  Lost my favorite eye-glasses of 11+ years =(
Lost in translation. I miss le Japon. 
Lost my voice!! bloody sux  what a great boozy weeknd,had tha best time at my mates 21st's..
Lost my sunglasses in the ocean! 
@GeekTwisT BTW I heard Land of the Lost wasn't very good 
so Up 3d is sold out  . but its all good Land of the Lost lis gonna be Awesome!!!
Ball games all day, all 3 kid's teams won!  Lost argument with balky lawnmower, and watched in horror as my motorcycle fell over 
i lost my ipod at downtown days. this sucks! i am gonna go back there and hope that the human race respects the Lost and Found... 
@j3nnychoi's graduation. Lost 10 bucks cause 2 balloons flew to the roof  grrrr
Lost the second game by like 7  I thought I personally had a pretty good game along with a few teammates but we just couldn't get the W 
Lost my social security card 
Lost 2GB of custom textures 
Lost the game feed 
Another loser: Lost the game feed  http://tinyurl.com/kq3c7o
Lost jo and charlie.  but not all bad. The alternative text was very cool and found phil and ellie. Now i've got to find where they hi ...
Lost the first game of cornhole  i suck
Lost 5 bucks  on the penny machine  that's a whole latte!
Lost in scrabble again. 
Land of the Lost was week... 
Land of the Lost was weak... 
Land of the Lost was idiotic!!  bummer...I heard Up was great.
Out at the movies with the cuzzos for the last night in da H. About to watch &quot;Land of the Lost&quot;...prolly wont be back for a long min... 
Lost in the dark falling apart.  
Lost my sunnies at WLS  why be so forgetful for! But I had a great time!
Taking a twitter break this weekend (for the most part!).  It's been a super stressful week.  Lost 2 pets in less than 24 hours 
Lost my headphones tonight.. Lame   1 week till I can get another pair.
Finally caught up on Lost only to realize season 5 isn't on ABC.com 
Crazy awesome grad party. Lost my camera tho 
my Lost season 1 and 3 dvds are missing   and so is my HIMYM 3rd season ;(
Lost my pants 
Lost my earphones and now using a crap pair that have a volume limit. This sucks  i miss my skullkandy
back home from detox. Lost about 5/6 lbs despite not wanting to lose weight. Now have two weeks of 'regeneration diet'... bland 
Lost at the snooker  no use!
Lost the front off my fake plug in my ear  upsetted. http://tumblr.com/xww1z3rlq
@dannywood I LOVE that you run a charity for cancer research. I run a charity for cancer patients: Henry's Angels. Lost my guy to cancer. 
Lost all my audio files for my audio/video class     I hate children.
is watching Lost season one, alone 
Land of the Lost tonight and maybe a tattoo. Last night in Tally 
Lost both games  To punish myself, I'll eat fear factor food. 
Lost 4th game in a row today . . .  In the 2nd half my team basically tore itself apart . . . we need answers and fast! Any advice?
@deadlyhouses I don't watch Lost.  And I'm REALLY behind on Entourage. Like...early second or third season.
Lost my phoneee 
My favorite character in Lost is about to die and my heart is breaking  this is horrible! I &lt;3 Charlie!
Lost by 2points  ref was a disgrace!!
On my way 2 da pool party! Lost a lil weight, swimsuit too big    -armywife
Lost the grocery bet, which means I have to lug them into the house  lol
Lost my wallet...can't take lsat without it...tore my house apart...now im upset and living in a messy house 
@reneritchie did you like it?! I miss Lost 
Rollin over to the AMC to watch 'Land of the Lost' - we wanted 'UP' in 3-D, but it wasn't showing for 2 hours! 
Lost a bit of my photo equipment in a ditch on that photoshoot with band. Have to go back 2morrow with metal detector. 
Missed half of the Lost &amp; Found concert  Had to settle for youth picnic thing instead.
I'm thinking about going off the computer to watch Lost but i have an exam in the morning 
Need to wait 21 more minutes to watch the rest of the Lost episode ... im so addicted  I think I should go to bed after this one ...
Lost basketball game  now on my way home to watch the laker game fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://myloc.me/2YvE
RE: @shortformblog So much for my &quot;Lost&quot; theory  (Really, my fantasy is still better than the awful truth!) http://disq.us/baj
Lost is making me cry 
 Randy Lost
btw - just saw Land of the Lost today - two thumbs down.  I was a little disappointed.  I loved the show as a kid, but this was sub par.  
Family went and saw Land  of The Lost! They loved  it! I had to watch Natie 
I am no longer Lost   I hope I can be found
In the studio..setting up drums. Lost my camera 
@kassy4 Catalyst was insistence on no overhead lighting all summer, but really pent up aggro re. shitty boys' club. Lost my cool 
Deffinatley developed a very bad cold, w/fever. Lost my voice, my throat hurts. &amp; I've got to go to the studio. 
Lost my phone 
Lost me phone  but at least im home!
Has Practically Lost Her Voice 
Lost the big game yesterday  Now we won't get to go on.....
Lost a charm from my bracelet today!  but luckly it wasn't my favourite one...guess I'll have to go shopping for a new charm
Lost again.  #squarespace
Lost in bumfuck egypt. 
Lost my sunglasses... 
@Fredcore1134 we had bomb ass waffles and played some slots . Lost one hundred after four days     .s8n.
Lost followers  50 to 46 :'(
Watching The Lost Boys with my parents, am getting sad for their departure! 
Lost an earring down the bathroom drain 
aaaargh, why is abc.com not working on my computer? I want to watch Lost 
@xomalese yesss creeper mission accomplished! Hahaha ohh I know  we need some yogurt and chai tea when you get back to Lost Alltheirminds
Lost and lonely without you! 
@trixie360 I know about 3 people who've seen Land of the Lost and none of them liked it 
Damn! Lost the 3G connection! 
played a soccer game after school against the first team. Lost 1-0  Then played waterpolo straight after that and i was goalie and on ...
Really need to tidy my desk.  Lost my keys 3 times already and its only 10.20 
Lost track of time workin on the site, and accidently pulled an all nighter..... and the mockup's not even finished yet 
Lost my train ticket so had to buy a new 1 
Lost my favourite red ticking pen 
@camodadogg To bad the Wings Lost  ...Next Year
Goddamn nano crashes twice while jogging. Lost both nike+ workouts  will have to take it out on @bgstaal on the squash court I spose
Lost $10 out of my pocket 
Lost a crown this morning.   The tooth underneath doesn't look salvageable 
Lost my inspiration somewhere along the way. 
@johnkatez a Lost themed party?? Oh man I want to go to one of them 
Prodigy redefined live music. College has fallen to peices though     Lost all my audio and I have so many things undone. Fretting major.
maybe shouldn't have hit bong before drama-but techniques there are so loonie. Lost interwar officers mess cavalry boots ebayauction 
Aaarrggh, somebody found my photoshop skills somewhere? Lost them... 
Lost by 1 in extra innings...I WAS SAFE!!! 
Lost a decent one, but still healthy. Trips under trips 
Lost 10-8  good game tho!
Lost my glasses while river tubing...it sucks 
I updated my AIM...and now it sucks. Lost my buddy list and can't link my screen names which sucks. 
Lost at euchre again. It's just not out season 
Season 4 of Lost starts tonight in the Ciervo household. I don't want to be caught up bc then I'll have to wait a week between episodes 
Lost my soccer game  2-1.... Oh well we'll win next time and go out with a bang!
@CramerWatcher: RE your alert....I did.  Though I did sell 2 of my ETF's.  Lost a bit of hard earned $$$ in there over the last 14 days. 
Lost my Tiffany's necklace somewhere between work and home.  So sad I could cry.
Lost: the cute little black hair clip from oma.   
i wish the follower i lost would kno how much i loved him. idk who he was or who i lost but i love you. i'll call him the Lost Tweetie :/ 
Dammit. Lost my stylus.  - http://tweet.sg
@DonnieWahlberg Lost work is sad.  It sucks. So many people out of work &amp; havin to move &amp; losing stuff...*sigh*
Watching #Lost Season 5 for 1st time. Epic - I'm such a sucker for anything time travel related. Wish I had a time-travelling island. 
I am now gatvol and wanna go home to watch Lost!!! 
#RoyalAscot - Lost the first race, not starting well 
@KunalSheth qik.li is not ready for me. Lost my one and only URL, so no stats 
Just touched down!!! Lost my bloody sim card in BKK 
Lost half the day email editing. Have to do some housework now 
Lost my dog  - Digital World: He is chipped? Even though he has been fixed, part of the behaviour still persis.. http://bit.ly/1aeAnY
Lost a panda corydory, just one left  filter tubes got kinked as well - no water flow, eek. Tank is a mess right now, but flowing again
I have such a sore throat. Lost my voice. 
Lost again.  
Ugh. Lost.  with less than an hour to work... But at least i have gas now. Almost stalled on the side of the freeway. I need prayers ppl!
Lost my passport!  There goes my trip to Iran to help protest 
Lost the guy again to the prettier girl with a worse personality 
Lost my Ipod 
argh! Lost my phone and I had a phone date tonight! 
Came in 2nd place in trivia tonight!! Lost by 1 
Lost in cards to my dad and brother. 
Lost my chapstick. 
Lost puppy someone save him 
I just saw Land of the Lost &amp; yip it was LOST 
 Lost an entire page of work! One and half hours gone!
@the_crooked_toe yep hard fight  lots of business contacts replied wnt use their work email b/c they expect veeam spam. Lost 23 votes 
Been awhile but I'm back. Lost my grandmother last week. 
Lost my voice...what is left makes me sound like a dirty old man 
Lost one of my favorite rings last night.     No idea when it slipped off my finger. Will have to retrace my steps to find it.
Lost a good portion of data &amp; contacts on my phone because I had stopped syncing at work. At least it's working now 
Lost yet another subber. I'm leaving on such a good notice. 
Lost my earring, now my ears look uneven 
Anyone else think last night's Top Chef was a bit of a cheat?  The &quot;Lost Cast&quot; teased became the &quot;Lost Crew&quot; and no love for the writers. 
Land of the Lost: Lost on me...too bad 
saw Land Of The Lost. Super funny. But I think I might have a fever... 
Lost the runt of the litter, Bitis parvioula. Little gal would not feed 
Ay ya'll, yah boy is not wit it today. Lost so much sleep last night, fell during my run this morning and hurt my leg, and now a headache 
@chadowick It's cool and fun, but I suck  Lost even on easiest
Still trying to get onto Tweeter Wall to vote for 1R, its so annoying. Lost valuable voting time 
Lost in OC  I hate it out here...
Has anyone seen a pair of Rx sunglasses at #affcon? Lost them sometime after lunch 
Lost my voice,  throat so sore!
Lost the softball game 
@BradIV ...and the sad thing is$...I didn't see the &quot;ward&quot; part of &quot;Edward&quot;... Lost in the cheekage I guess 
Lost our football match.. Totally sucks 
Trying to gain hope that the system will become any kind of inclusive for oppressed people!  Lost it again this week!  People love power 
Sleepy. Thunder storms all night. Lost power at one point. Now it's 7am and already 66 degrees. It's gonna be a hot, humid, rainy day 
Lost 2 followers 
Lost another 8 pounds this week...guess there are some advantages to being sick.  #weightwatchers
Lost two heart-breaker softball games last night.  #fb
Lost my favorite bracelet!!! Will I ever see it again? 
Phone up SPT or something? Lost property? Was of sentimental value, i do really want it back. 
had a good PM with her class.  They worked hard on their mindmaps and wanted to skip DPA to finish.  Lost my lucky four leaf clover.  
Lost my phone...This means I about to get something better! In the interim, I feel naked withouth it 
Lost my basketball game  But am now going to see Chicargo the Musical  Will tweet from phone 
Eek! Hit pause instead of menu to check battery. Lost ~5secs  . Two new tracks just played. Some girl is rubbing her ass against my head
Lost by 6  I started out really rough due to a late arrival because of traffic and direction problems 
Year One was fun and funny. @jackblack forever,but something tells me I shoulda watched The Hangover or Land of the Lost instead 
@LamarLee Lost/loss leader re veggie hoagie. Gotcha at the checkout! 
Party time. Lost 20 dollars in poker.  - http://bkite.com/08H7N
ASU Lost  dude that sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lost my glasses 
Lost at Monopoly, again - - what a reflection of life.   
Lost in cards but it was fun! Home tomorrow 
@7ways i was trying to get lost in Lost but my fellow watch got sleepy  we will resume' 2morrow. i'm trying to catch up
Lost basket ball by 1 point... but we got thrashed by them last time, just spent 2 hours at the doctors for them to prescribe antibiotics 
Weddings over  Lost my purse and was found on the street.
Lost the library book (Waiting for Mahatma) at Mustafa 
Lost the password for my ICQ account 1600430 and the forget password does not work... 
Lost my chain  where could it be, ideas?
Lost her voice 
Lost on the A1, susie the sat nav is a absolute tool and clearly making the way up as we go along 
Lost one of her goldfish today 
Green hills got beat up last night.  Lost one of my trees  http://twitpic.com/7wm2y
@rodolfobraz I actually got into that show too late  so I was Lost lol. I'm going to buy the collection and watch it.
Brothers game . Lost  back to hotel . Add my facebook.
Lost 1-2 to Jund aggro - he played 6 thoughtseize and 7 maelstrom pulse in the 3 games 
Lost my voice  &amp; wants to go see my sister perform at multi today but weather is shitty!
@tonyburkejnr haha I'm in the middle of trying to replenish my collection. Lost most of my mb20 and rob stuff when my old laptop died 
Just had to restore my iPhone, all my apps were crashing after the splash screen. Lost it all   Twitterific is my first app, but it works!
Lost a tree in the storms last night.   http://twitpic.com/7x8mb
Lost all my numbers. Forgot to backup my phone 
Lost again  just wish I could get the ball more..
@sixredfeet I know  But if it makes me less lame, I have finally started watching Lost S5...on ep5
Lost my phone 
Lost my license 
Lost my bylaws  lost stories. Lost pictures.  SO switching to Apple
Lost my Prada's today somewhere in Banff   Its almost steak time!! Starving!!
Lost lonely and broken in cinci 
Lost a friend today.    We'll miss you Russ.
Lost money at the casino 
Lost all my phone numbers cuz my SIM card went bad  
Lost two followers. 
Lost first game to 2nd best team in league 12-3. Errors from a young, inexperienced team - lesson learned. 0-1 as pinch, 2 LOB. 
Lost in translation was so epic! But he should have stayed in tokyo with scarlett. So sad 
Lost somethin special, something I could NEVER HAVE again 
Lost my Blackberry. 
Lost my voice... 
Today is not my day.   Lost my Blackberry and food poisoning!!
Lost every single documentation to my name 
@teemwilliams OMG...That tweet brought tears 2ma eyes.Cuz im starin at ma dads pic right now.Lost him 10 years ago 
@DonnieWahlberg Isnt fathersday not very sad for you as well? Lost my dad 5 weeks ago and can't stop crying today 
Ay dios mio - Lost Season 4 is half off today. Dammit! 
Lost a follower  I must b boring...lls
Lost my internet, and when it came back on the Mets had another run  2-0 Mets, b2, #stlcards
Lost with 4.7 seconds remaining   Better luck next season!!
Lost Five Crowns by 1 point! 
@JenaIsle @yatotchronicles - Thanks for the retweet, guys. Love ya! Ahahaha. I'm so happy I'm online again. Lost internet conn. last nyt. 
Lost my voice and now I sound like David Archuleta. 
Just came back from tennis! Lost  Also went sailing and almost capsized the boat! It was fun. Now I'm going to chill and watch some TV!
Summary of the day so far... District manager quit... $1000+ rollout of the store... Lost my store keys... 
Lost in bellingham 
Lost you are an idiot  ha ha you gonna be on for 25 s tonight?
Not a good day. Lost $15, my green sharpie, and my six flags ID. 
@SMFRecords Are you as lost without Lost as I am? 
Lost my mother ring.... Just bought it a few months ago 
Lost.... Again 
@AndreasTauer haven't had a damn second to play anything. Lost my ds  But so jazzed for ghostbusters.
Lost my train ticket. Grr. 
Lost no money, won no money. Poo  oh well.
An hour black out! Ughh! Lost a lot if stuff on my computer. 
@logicalharmony Lost some contacts yesterday during twitter's fixing of them.  You were one unfortunately.
Bad day, Lost my Pen drive with personal and office data in the bus  was able to catch the bus in the next trip to chk with conductor,GONE
Lost for words - i'm devastated 
Lost my calculator  lol x
@T_Diggity no alot round here? Lost mojo &amp; struggling big time to find it  Cryn with me or u find yurs again??
Lost my tablet pen  I dont know what to do...
Lost yet another game of tennis against ben 
Awake.. Lost my voice  &amp; I have to work today... Eeshh, wut to doooo?!?!!!
@Mattdavelewis Raiders of the Lost Ark is totally awesome! 
I have been so productive the past 2 days. I'm going to turn on Lost &amp; clean my room. 
Lost 1/0 it's okay though 
@sickathanavg yes, Lost! I knew you'd come around. 
watching Lost for the first time in 4 weeks 
Lost reruns on a saturday night  plus syrup thingies 
Lost at craps. Learned roulette and won $400! I love this town 
@Hedgewytch Which Tweet reminded you of the film?.. Lost in own world here as usual 
playing the Wii! its funny watching mum play tennis. she really gets into it!!  lol tired as &amp; running on about 4 hrs sleep. Lost netball 
Lost in the Sky  Lovin it
@annemarike morning miss, did you enjoy your quiet night in last night? I believe #Lost was on the cards 
@stereophone The Answer of all Questions. #Lost 
@MattCohenIII LOL, guitar hero is about the only game i DON'T know how to play  .. i'm addicted to Lost Planet at the time... pretty fun!!
enjoying this long bank holiday weekend, doing almost nothing = bliss  but am looking forward to watching Lost tonight
Watching the Lost Boys sequel on TNT.  The original movie rocks hopes this doesn't suck 
@NurseStacy you were my 420 tweet...just wanted you to know.  Ha ha! Boys are boys...have to do all their laundry too. ha ha! Lost tweet?
Catching up with Lost. Brilliant  #LOST
@amytcathy at least you get to watch Lost on the way 
@YatPundit would be funny to see folks leaving jazzfest nola with something like your FollowStats, but &quot;FoodStats&quot;: Gained 17lb, Lost 0 
@sugarjones re: @garyvee &quot;Lost&quot; comment: oh yes, classic! That will free up some time fo sho! 
@EliseCz In terms of hockey russia is a threat. Lost an MiB, afaik, are not related to any 
is watching TV! Latest episode of Lost watched (oooh was good), now onto Smallville &amp; waiting to eat my apple strudel! Tis a good Sunday! 
@ChaiJen I dont' actually watch Lost, so I couldn't give an opinion either way.  Just thought the article looked interesting.  
I Can't wait for the next season of Lost! 
I'll be watching Lost season finale in a little bit 
@MarcVibbert Lost got in your way. 
@langfordperry Start your own version of Lost for fun. 
@Debblues he doesn't respond to text messages, doesn't cuddle after and worst of all, he makes me wait til 2010 for more Lost 
No votes for Caddyshack or Lost in Translation? 
@kristinasky I can't wait for the Lost finale!! Arguably the best show on TV 
I love Lost....nough said.... 
Lost: I'm still fan of the first season. Nevertheless, not bad 
@ohmyjooo I've always wanted to meet the Lost Boys ) and maybe even Tinkerbell 
Downloading final 2 eps of Lost Season 5, 16&amp;17 
Off to watch last nights Lost, hope its a good season finale 
@tamelle You a fan of Lost too?  I'm gonna have to catch up, I'm still on episode 13!
Still recovering from last night's #Lost - a - thon! Anger, sadness and pure shock in the last 5 mins. Juliet, what have u done?  (@r ...
@SciFiheaven Yes but I'm going to watch again the five seasons to be prepared  #Lost is such a good show!  #lost
@TeenyR Bit of both: the universal phenomenon caused by the Lost finale will result in the loss of my evening! 
Since my Lost ep is still on DL I've decided to pop in a DVD classic: Cheech &amp; Chong's Up In Smoke Cheech is Hurley's day in Lost right? 
Night At The Museum 2, Land of the Lost, and Year One. I can't waittt. 
@JJLaBarbera come down &amp; see Land of the Lost with me. 
Time to watch Paradise Lost 2 and Recount- netflix!  Happpy SUNday 
Lost season 5 finale tonight  can't believe the next season will be the last :'( best tv show ever, well, tied with Grey's Anatomy 
Hilltop Hoods were great!! so squashed in the pit!!! Lost my voice ! 
@LetsHearItForMe Hehe. 2 hours as well, i love it when it's like that. It's like a mini Lost film 
Starting to get back into weights &amp; stretch bands. Lost a lot of strength, but plenty left to build back up. (feelin' gooooood). 
Lost 1stone3. Decided to try n get charity place.  the fatman is soon to be gone forever.
@druey Hai. I'm good, ta. About to watch Lost though, so that could ALL change 
Feeding my Lost addiction 
For some reason, #Lost reminds me of #Crono_Trigger.  (@ninh)
that goes to fellow Lost-mates as well 
@shanajade I added a Prarie Home Companion podcast to my iPod. I shall listen today--after my Lost podcast. 
@drewb It means you just Lost two hours of your life. 
@bobbyedner Lost Then Found 
Lost a follower...something I said? Do i smell?  lol
@shoinan As I've said before totally loved Lost Odyssey. Only current gen J-RPG that I've stuck with until the end. 
@jstueve @ElyssaD I am following your better half now. Behind every Lost fan, there is a supporting spouse 
@bobbyedner Lost Then Found!!!!! 
@joelkonecny Lost in the woods? Seriously? What happened? Flat tire? Wild moose? So confused..glad u made it home safe 
Lost track of time doing another project...lol about to go to bed. Goodnite, tweet tight, and don't let the twitterbugz bite! 
Lost about $30 tonight on the tables.  The focus wasn't there.  One of these days I'll learn playing and studying don't mix 
