Most common words for this cluster:
[('lot', 1195), ('lots', 273), ('today', 61), ('better', 45), ('things', 45), ('lol', 44), ('people', 39), ('couple', 36), ('i', 36), ('parking', 35), ('stuff', 35), ('fun', 33)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'lot', 0.913679301738739), (u'lots', 0.7532259821891785), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.6840140223503113), (u'really', 0.6791450381278992), (u'stuff', 0.6645580530166626), (u'Pretty_classless', 0.6578741669654846), (u'NOVAK_DJOKOVIC_Yeah', 0.6530686020851135), (u'just', 0.6523186564445496), (u'Xclusive_video', 0.6521894335746765), (u'consider_Ronner', 0.6513779759407043)]





just leaving the parking lot of work! 
has a lot on her mind. I needs to make some moneys. And ideas. Nowhere is hiring! 
I'm at work, and I'm sick.. And its helluva lot todo. This blows. 
@swellvintage A lot better today, thanks! Unfortunately being sick did not mean loss of apetite for me.  x
just woke up, late, again! I was supposed to wake up at 6am cause there are lots of things to do... late homework mostly. 
@nevaneva I find Ekitan doesn't give the best results for a lot of searches, especially to/from airports 
@marshmallowpie luckily not, lot of devastation there, very bad situation 
@BigB3n lots of imitations too! 
I am going to be in the flight from hell-back of cattle class, lots of screaming kids under 5. 
has a lot of shit to catch up on 
@witchescupboard Yes unfortunately.. Just a lot of the stress I've been dealing with lately.. 
@CreateSean A lot of swearing though 
Wow, certainly are a lot of magazines closing down. 
Too much booze talk... making me miss it a lot 
@Vemsteroo There's a patch of frog-blood in the garage  I feel guilty, but I've stopped crying. Lol. I've never killed anything before.
@mformarie  causing a lot of trouble on this end too! 
coughing a lot 
@grift24 lol gladly! i made a lot! but I can't bring it to school 
@klhobbs21 oh I bet I got more than a lot of people... But I have a no reason to be up right now... 
Home from school, doing nothing. But a lot of homework to do  Who wants to help me?
Law  lots of reading, very little sense
Feeling a little better, but sound a whole lot worse.     I wonder what this is?  Is there a doctor in the audience?!
@msbeeee @principled just got chickens, but she is in the hospital.  I know she did a lot of research.
@cheeriokeeper I work for a lot of photographers and what to learn the ropes...just can't afford one yet 
Spring break. no homework but a lot of college stuff to do. 
@Anniepooh ((hugs)) sounds like you need them today... and a whole lot more 
doesnt want to go back to uni 2moro. thinking things quite a lot over easter 
@dannywood ~ There's lots of peeps who couldn't afford the cruise &amp; I happen to be one of them...so sad 
There doesn't seem a lot of point in trying to get some sleep tonight anymore. It's already daylight 
folding washing - lots of it 
@asmith91 I'll def. be there if i'm not rostered on that nite. been workin sat nite a lot lately  Why do ppl eat at restaurants!! haha
@EmperorNorton it's rainining a lot  what about you?
@dollarcoin looool that is 300mb of media. mebbe not, as much as I would like to  there will be a lot though, just you wait...
And with that note, I will now sleep. I have a lot of homework to catch up on.... 
almost 3 am and i have to b up at 7.  bummer. oh well just push through with lots of coffee and redbull then crash hard around 3 pm.
ahh uploading lots of gifs at once to lj takes forever 
@maliajonas got a lot on my mind keeps on bugging me 
@EllenMalloy nope. Not yet, a lot of them don't allow edibles  Many of them have waiting lists also.
I want to bring a laptop to the training. That way, it's a lot more bearable. 
@djJealous I know, and I made a lot of it 
@joannadelilah I need to lose a lot too   I started gaining when I went back on birth control 3 yrs ago.
@legendarcy it's so annoying isn't it?  Right now I'd love something heroy BUT a lot of them out there are x-men, which I like but I'd [&gt;]
@obligates lmao, the kink meme needs a lot more variety 
lots to do today, probably a good thing it's raining and I can't bike 
@dotca same here!  i mean ur a lot more popular and cooler but w/e lol watching the number drop kinda sux
@trakin by the way, where are you sir? back in pune or are you still around in gurgaon. Really sorry, got busy with lot of backlog 
I miss @muzzel lots and lots. It sucks. Booooooooo *thumbs down*!!!! 
yje saddest that i've ever been... cried lots..... 
Has got lots of washing to do 
@weirdnotion i feel like i'm struggling a lot in class because I'm less eloquent/confident than the rest and i really hate it 
Doing lots of stretches as my body is a hurting a fair bit this morning 
@danger_skies i hope lots and lots of hugging takes place miss you &amp; @ether_radio so much! 
tea with lots and lots and lots of honey   can't talk today, and i can t bail on work because of the lack of baristas on payroll 
just loaded the pack up with books and hopped on the elliptical. had to loosen the straps a lot.  good reminder of what I'll be facing.
@Dreamyeyes Yes, it's awesome, and without you keeping check on things, I would procrastinate a lot [ahem no I don't!]!  You rule!
@suvanaa because we only have like 18 days left, I have lots of work to do  I think its swollen glands, hurts so bad!
Just went for an 8km run. Not very pleasent  But I feel a lot better!
u know i don't have a lot of  followers...that makes me feel kinda lonely 
@AndrewJace2233 you smoke...a lot. 
@TimmyGotSoul you're doing that a lot lately 
@martiniscotch lmao!! leave me alone, i dont get to drink a lot 
I can't believe it's over I'm going to miss Camarcus a lot  I'm at a pizza hut.
will try to catch some ZZZzzzzZZ now   I hope to catch lots of them.         &lt;3
@csbseal she will have a lot of ?'s to answer, that's for sure 
forums for making me this neat guide to follow and run and fix, although, this takes a lot out of my luna time 
Morning!! Lots of work on today - lots of cleaning too 
http://twitpic.com/4e7a4 - this one eats a lot... the other one wont 
Elderly dog with incontinence now too... leads to a lot of questions. 
working a lot 
off for a shower. i hope i drown... im so depressed right now  thanks a lot sharks
@flishflash now get your bum on msn missy, i miss you lots and lots!!! 
i have rick and jelly beans and lots of candy. i think caroline got losted 
I'm too picky, aren't I? I hate when fics don't sound right to me  It's happening a lot in this fandom. The writers are mostly quite young
got a lot to do this weekend, work-wise  
I think my mom hates me. A lot.  I can't wait for @heyheydoodle to come . I'll have an excuse to avoid her.
@digitalutopia That has happened to me a lot, girls and guys have done that to me. It's fucking rotten. 
@lameBIRDIE wow.. that's a lot.. when I get one i'm just getting the 8g  but hey, it's good enough for me, like, now i just got a 4..or 2?
I have a lot of parts missing on my new drums 
has nommed but can nom a whole lot more 
@xkathy thanks!! I had a lot of fun! I wish you could be here 
's tummy hurts a lot 
@yenbearr a lot like love one of your pebrets oso? 
@sastokc I didn't watch. I had to unpack...still have a lot to do 
Tired, should have got up early today  lots to do lots to do.
up to phase #2 with BizCha.mp ... looks like I've got a whole lot more tweaking to do though! 
why is dasha so bad tempered? she's always picking on peggy-rose. she upsets me a lot sometimes 
My race got canceled.  I feel like someone took a hammer to my heart.  That's a lot of training for nothing.
yesterday was awesome. i had a lot of fun! but im still very very constricted.  Who doesnt know his weakness, has one strength less.
So, what have we all found in the city?: if found a whole lot of nothing  http://tinyurl.com/cuutpp
@misspixiewolfe inorite  and there's lots of medicines im not allowed to take.
21 pages down... A lot to go 
What the fuck? Thanks, a lot. 
@Kimbalicious  not a lot of promo maybe if they did a couple of shows on monday could have got to top 10 
hell you lot tweet0a lot at the weekend, i cant scroll back that for on the mob so i will have to lose out 
I'm coughing a lot.. can't sleep 
@JeffJeffie they are fine. just a lot of damage and my dog got hurt 
Has a lot of stuff to do this weeekkk, blahhh. 
Just can't focus on CivPro. I've gotten past the point of caring. 
@dinnerplans see i saw it &amp; knew i shouldn't bother watching. i hate it b/c i loved them a lot &amp; it's like, they're falling in recession. 
perez hilton hasn't been posting a lot lately 
is having a lot of trouble getting to sleep 
need to do system setup while a lot of outstanding features need to be implemented. i wish i could have a dev team 
i hate mornings. they suck a lot 
ouch. i think my hotel bed hurt me - and it takes a lot for me not to like a bed cuz i can sleep anywhere. lower back ache-y... 
watching a commercial on tv about ZooBooks. I've always wanted them. I still do. 
Candies has a lot of cool outfits but britneys section falls short....... 
still, i have lots of physics to do, boo 
has a sore throat and a lot of studying to do before 1:00 
has a lot to dooooooooooooooooooo. 
http://bit.ly/s29fR I've noticed a big drop of views on my website...  http://bit.ly/s29fR
@iJfry you mean you depend on that bus to get to your transfer on time? yeah, happens a lot for me 
so sick!   got the flu  ! had lots and lots of ice cream at @nehajb 's house!
My bearded dragons are  fighting a lot lately, not cool! I think their both males &amp; their in heat. Might have 2get rid of one 
a lot of homework to do and have not done any of it. going to have to do it all tomorrow. not looking forward to it. 
@vemana Oh wow i twitterholic showed wrong stats then  also @reetesh is a lot ahead of me..
Steped on my belt and it hurts a lot! 
@o0vide0kid0o  well if you can come up to bmore with us my puppy will give you lots of loves even if she is stupid
@rokeyge intermediate level... and i am so not a master!!! i have forgotten a lot of stuff 
jeffff my phone wont let me write you a direct message! but i miss you too a lot a lot 
Yay for trip-home traffic. That's a lot of red lights    http://yfrog.com/0f67zj http://bit.ly/10jAEV
590  (44,27). but i guess the noise reduced my chances of a better score... just reviewed and found lots of silly mistakes in math..
I recently got a heat boil right at the end of my arm.. finding ways to get rid of it.. It stings a lot!!!! 
is still revising  lots and lots and lots to learn... very jealous of all the lucky AIBers
I feel like im going to get raped in this dark parking lot 
starting to get lots of click throughs for one campaign, but no leads 
I think I might lost a lot of followers when the #F1 race day is over.  thank you so much for following me, means a lot &lt;3
@zoe_louise not sure now! i tolds you i needed lots of notices  x
studying is soooo not going to plan  i hate writing essays. oh and @elyseh - that made me laugh a lot. sarahs making me see the movie...
@kaeili it's fair? unfair? because there are a lot of fics for that pairing in the best overall category 
@kimonostereo ya totally a lot of times, my weekend is filled w/activities b4 it even comes 
Everyone is happy semester is ending, but I'm sad  It was a lot crazier than I expected, but it's ending on the best possible note!
Just came back from playing soccer Four hours straight now my head hurts a lot.... 
is cleaning up his room...throwing away a lot of stuff from high school and earlier. depressing because the memories are so faint 
charlie has been sleeping a lot but he keeps waking up and whining and crying   it's so sad. also it is really windy out.
not sure if i've ever shared how freaked i get by lightening.it's a lot.storms are rolling in now. tons of lightening.tired. can't sleep. 
I have to do lot  of works  but where I can start it XD
I have a plant that is loosing leaves like crazy. Although the pot is big enough...It got a lot of light and I water it weekly??? 
@magicofpi yeah same here, but I've a lot of work left this week 
@KerryHaggard I get that a lot. 
@felicityfuller yeah i wear a lot of sandels, have to really coz i got arthiritis 
@melmeljamai We miss you a lot!!!!!!!!! 
just deleted a lot of my music to free up space on my hard drive  
I gained so much weight while with sir eats a lot. 
I did a lot of drunkin things with my phone last night 
@mamitamala Did a bunch not show up? 
Moving is no fun...i threw away a lot of the stuff i own today! And still got lots more to do 
@iamjonathancook my dog died last year, and it hurt a lot.  prayers for youu!
I want to see tits  are there a lot of peepz
@Nabiscuit i miss catan  a lot.
8/8 in footy tipping but so did a lot of others. Probably means I'll have to share the jackpot at work 
@maaikeanne agreeed  I think it's probably because I sleep a lot of it away, though... ahah
@DJHiiDef I'll be fine hopefully, I just need to re-evaluate a lot of things in my life because its taking the wrong toll. 
come to think of it,.... for a lot of things 
And I am missing my friends a lot today 
@KenMa321 yeah. I was the only dancer there so I had to put up with a lot not to mention dance longer than usual. 
@iamQueenBe take lots of pics! i wish i could be there 
@BuiltOldLady I'm good a lot goin on 
@jacobjunior7 that's kinds sad that I just said that. I used to listen to them everyday 
@fauxrealtho a lot of the pastes do. but the pastes are, of course, the most steadfast and really marinate best. 
@alunvaughan I think a lot aren't really in focus {rose?}&amp; just look a bit lack lusture....keep in mind these are the best of what i did 
Hopefully a lot 
@serenajwilliams you replies to lots of tweeters, I love that...but there is not me in that list 
@serenajwilliams you reply to lots of tweeters, I love that...but there is not me in that list 
I woke up nd I realized I hav a lot of hw nd a lot of shit to study for! Damnn!! 
@donesclan  it gets like that in forks a lot now . i hate it 
@Blazex3 : mhh. did they talk much? hope I didn't missed a lot.  xx
@KayLaaaDee u lot r lucky, we rarely get any appearances this side of the world 
is having a lot of bad luck with computers atm 
@hotsports You are so right - she is a wonderful young woman! I will miss her lots! 
@TheRealJessStas i have a pinched nerve in my leg  it's a lot better today though, don't need the crutches anymore!
a lot of feeds.. How to read it all 
i miss my friends a lot. summer's over. 
 I ate too much. Now I can't sleep because I feel sick...and there are a lot of sirens.
listening to ahmed's presentation, a lot has changed and barbican is not there anymore! 
hey @bradiewebbstack i miss you a lot man! never got to say hey to you at sway sway  . you better be missing your jelly beans mr!
@bigmadkev thanks, yeah i googled that. got a lot of files though 
@ChelleC79 I get that a lot. 
Ugh, I found out what my following problem was...sorry having to unfollow a lot of people.  
@JohnPeel hell yeah man lead is worth loads!! i bet they will get quite a lot of cash for all that lead, i wish id of thought of it now 
@jackschofield A couple beautiful, the rest hideously overdone examples 
@davebonner not as good as previous years  seemed to be goin through motions and wasnt as excitin and audienc sat down lookin bored lots
@simsslovenija That's pirates for you. Not a lot you can do to stop them 
@hollowlegs @FoodStories @eatlikeagirl it's going to be a challenge making that lot interesting, boo 
@newt14_pburgnj dagum. That's a lot better then my 6&quot; ham egg and cheese. 
My heart hurts. A lot. Right now.  a lot is an understatement.
@UltimateHurl unfortunately, they look a lot alike, I always have to spit the coffee ones out 
hasn't even gotten out of the parking lot yet and already misses his brother 
@lalorek since I text a lot and use a good amount of data, that plan prolly wouldn't work for me  tho I'd like to save $$$ too!
I feel like there's a lot to do and not enough time to do it. 
@somesheep now we still lose lots of energy on clashes on all sorts, from family arguments to world wars 
@jeffreyreese tast 1, section a completed. still got loads to do though 
 my kidneys hurt a lot right now wtffff
@kloee91 I miss you a lot a lot a lot  &amp;  love you just as much!
@bopandtigerbeat http://twitpic.com/5lrnh - I like him a lot!!! I'm so sad that he lost.. 
@houseofturtle have lots fun and my apologies - am still at my desk 
@hijinksensue she does that a lot 
@Codies http://twitpic.com/5ojd3 - That is a lot of people and a very small award(?) which i can't read 
hmm, but miss u a lot... I have not talked 2 u 4 2 days 
needs lots of ice creams &amp; lots of S hugs 
To @oceaneyze  it is going to cost lots 
is in rather a lot of pain :'( I'm a fuck up...owwwwwwww 
@McBeautiful yep a lot of studying :/ and dentist 
(since that song actually means a lot, though i suppose metaphorically i am halfway through it, i am tearing up oh god.  )
@BroccoliTofu actually thats a long story, which moral is: never get too involved w/ an over-the-internet friend  helped a lot anyway
feels like she has an awful lot to think about. 
exercise bike, damn I smell a lot! 
@omgitsjamiseal Had a lot of fun. But my head hurts... 
@nae2881 You've had a lot of this kind of stuff happen. I wouldn't have come in today if I were you. 
@JoTheCat @BuffyGroupie I've had to tell people I can't talk to them anymore, stopped going out for lunch 
@elizabethuhl i really miss you.... like a lot 
@ankur79 quite a lot ...more than a lakh 
i hate those headaches you get after you've cried a whole lot. well, fuck me right? 
A lot of disturbing stuff on the local news tonight 
eats a lot today. That's bad! 
my kitty just got spayed and she is so sad and cute  she can't walk very well because she's in 1) a lot of pain and 2) super high.
when he will come, i miss him a lot 
@bearsbullssox wow i didnt kno that ive totally missed out on a lot...thats what happens when summer starts and i have to work 
i do and don't want summer. i wnt it bcuz well, NO SKOOL!!but then i don't get to see my friends a lot 
coughing fits all night. these cough drops taste disgustinggg. anyways that was a lot of letters from emphasis. i need a blunt.  waaahh
Trying to wind down for the night but i still have a lot of things to do 
Never go clubbing with a couple...you'll only end up by yourself  
@pokerfacexxx feels hell of a lot like it 
So, I need to make a lot of money tomorrow 
@PandaMayhem noooooooooooo i just look at a lot of pictures   lol lol
need a lots of moneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey 
i didn't have fun at the club tonight, had a lot on my mind 
It is really hot now. I have shorts on and plenty of factor 20! No fish caught yet, they may be spawning 
@tigerlilyleo lots and lots of red wine...knowing good and well how it has managed to make me sick a few times before 
@tommcfly Do a tour in the Philippines sometime.  A lot of fans here would really love that!
I hate my arrival in the employee parking lot! 
@WeTheTRAVIS  I was meant to be seeing you lot tonight but tix ran out!! 
@foxforcefive Headaches suck, especially stress related ones. I used to get those a lot.  &lt;3
I hate going online and looking at the balance in the bank.  its always a lot lower than I need it to be.
Ouch!!... Stomachace.... I ate a lot... 
4 days of a whole lot of nothing...  
@MandyyJirouxx: I live in germany, it costs a lot too!  I wish you could follow me anyway..
But I have cause I missed a lot of classes 
But I have to cause I missed a lot of classes 
@DanfromAston I have heard that about a lot of programs like that, we go to a large chain of learning centers, sorry for you! 
@BBBaumgartner  sad day. I was lucky enough to realize it before I got out of the parking lot.
Just saw a land rover pull into the school parking lot and thought it was spencer 
@BossTycoonLZ yea but that's an old pic,  she looks a lot different now...she turned into such a beautiful women   I miss her A LOT!
My mom said I eat a lot 
Writing this paper is a lot harder then i thought . LOL 
going to look at a bunch of open homes today. just to get a feel for the market. i think i've got a lot of saving to do... 
@lomara It was a lot of stress, though, so with that and supporting two big families he never quit smoking and died of lung cancer at 51. 
i know i have lots of comments to return but i have been really busy  i'll get round to it guys, sorry 
- my boys are rowdy now that 'dad' is home! we've been having lots of fun &amp; making lots of noise!!  but, now, jammie time is upon us... 
@zslay1102 I think it's about to rain! I see lightning in the parking lot...and it's drizzling. No park 2nite 
@ceabs Wow, that's a whole lot of suck for one day. 
@PhotogWendy it's easy to watch the road when it's a parking lot 
@etsypedestrian Not here though, lots too small 
I'm trying so hard to get as much packing done...i still have a lot to do 
@coalhawk mine does that a lot  too   not a good sign
@CarmenJ72 hmmm. That's a lot of responsibility.  
Missing her 5 favourite execs a lot already 
@adived seems these incidents have turned in your favor, but a lot of students are suffering 
@jessstroup I'm sorry  but the good thing is u worked out! A lot of people don't!
the beauty of being inspired is that you produce a lot of pages..unfortunately, too bad its all gibberish due to smoking some horrid weed 
@ddlovato - you guys have a lot of patience. I'd probably smack somebody if they stalked me every where I went 
@SirenSongTX  I've never had a veryy hardcore heartbreak, i'm pretty guarded a lot of the time, but hey, songs are songs, right?
This sucks. I really miss her. A lot. 
Wow, someone owes me a lot of money. I feel used 
ah well. oh dear i think i will miss polly quite a lot this week 
ate a lot today  http://plurk.com/p/x5rkx
has a lot of potential things to do today and is torn between all of them 
i just realized i won't be seeing a lot of people from this past week ever again 
The thought of working when the sun is shining and it is 26 degrees out is so awful  At least I get some money, even though its not a lot
is sooo relaxed right now. Also, lost my banana to my hungry-hungry guinea pigs. Shouldnt've left it on lying the floor 
is sooo relaxed right now. Also, lost my banana to my hungry-hungry guinea pigs. Shouldnt've left it lying on the floor 
why am I getting a lot of zits?! 
@joek949 Not much unfortunately, got a lot of mundane stuff to do today  x
@iamdiddy Getting money is a lot easier said than done - especially if you write music 
I hurt a lot my wheels   
@gingerginger Thats been my experience on the majority of productions. Some notable exceptions, but this lot in particular are horrid 
@JanSimpson I'm seeing a lot of that too! 
@lovebig I have been having the same kind of argument with mine a lot lately  It sucks!
there's a bunny couple and a cardinal couple in my backyard. everyone is twitterpated 
@claueekenobi yeps. I cried a lot after watching the whole story. 
@catcherband wow.. that's a lot of dead animals 
@jamestealy my apologies for the flat...we had a lot of randomness in our driveway...a bolt, probably being one of them. 
finished a slow row, covered considerable mileage on a beautiful morn, oh, and a lot of townies launching their craft  hogging the channel
@ashleyyosaurus oh I hate waking up right before awesokme dreams! It happens to me a lot 
@fars yesshhherieeee ;) but a lot tak clear also  probably less than half not so bad ones onlyyy, sorryyyyy..
@jnoe getter better soon!! You seem to be ill a lot 
celebs are lucky that they get to travel a lot. i wanna go to europe 
@mischief89 I just tried them. Ewies.  I like regular kix a lot better.
went grocery shopping with sister.  saw a lot of food i can't eat.    http://pikchur.com/aeS
@scubadivergirls I know.. we all love diving and a bit of wine too.. shame the local wine here leaves a lot to be desired...  
i have a lot on my mind... my future... poeple i love... saddened 
@iloveyouhopie that seems to happening to you a lot. i'm sorry love 
@suzysmiles Not a lot...catching up on house stuff and missing the sunshine!  How's you? x
For some reason I miss my nephew a lot today  (sigh)
My comp. At my job runs soooo slow im clearing all the unnecessary files and it has a lot a whole lot  hope it runs like new...
Going through ... A lot 
@consubfm okay. i just get worried a lot.  panic anxiety.
@_HeatherBailey  looks good.  A lot of them are weird looking, or just simply do not exist.  
@euancampbell I've got plenty on lol it still hurnts 
omfg, very very very tired  after a test and two classes of english, i went to the mall with mommy and we shopping a lot *-* but i'm happy
@westlifebunny tostitos used to make a restaurant style salsa that i liked a lot. it was my favorite to buy. i can't find it anymore. 
Being as awesome as I am takes a lot of energy. I need a nap 
aubreys in a lil... Wow i have a lot of homework 
@HippieKrissy There's lots of parts that were about this old man and his wife dying and stuff. 
I miss slushiepuppy sooooooo much... she has called lots and I wish she wasn't bored... 
Thanks for the tech tips @gassho @SeekerOf @SharonHayes I've been poking around and I think my bullet-proof anti-virus let in a trojan... 
@brydielonie i miss you girlies lots 
and it would help a lot if i could spell correctly....doh 
@shaunmichaelb wow looks like i missed out a lot....  well, what exactly is so funny...?
@beetrix    i'm sorry, honey, thats a lot of crap for a couple days.
I got a paltry 3 out of 12 right today   I need to study the endgame (pawn endings) a lot more.
@ashleytisdale oooooooh, i'm so hungry.. stop talking about sushi, i miss that a lot! 
@purplelemon Yurp, tweetdeck has been having a lot of issues for last couple hours 
morning again and lot to study xam 2mrw  something related to neural networks. hv to find out wat tat is
4 thirteen yr old girls equal a lot of nonsense and east talking 
@justjen30 I miss you guys too. I haven't gotten a chance to get on chat recently. I've been working a lot and can't access it at work 
@piscescancer ps: no luck just a lot of trap sites and pop ups 
@guytustin I'm 17 and i have a lot bigger things going on than that.  I wish it was that easy.
Everything in the house makes a lot of noise 
@ddlovato you seem to cry a lot. 
wow i havnt cried in a long long time, but i cried a lot today. it's funny how people you thought cared about you can hurt you so bad 
Is whipping up a bunch of frownies                    
@stacideshazer it looks like a lot of the photos came out mediocre 
I miss my boyfriend... a lot 
A couple is wearing some couple shirts n'awww! I'm jealous 
Seems like i missed a lot the last hours! 
is so effin' tired.  I need a lot of rest and relaxation.  
@essenceofclass yeah you could hear it. it was just a lot softer. why the bad day? 
Home. I wish more people would have came with us....would have been a lot more fun that way 
Just bit myself - a really serious bite, bleeding lots 
i just found out i have a lot to be excited about, but a whole lotta crap to get through before i get to them 
Has just woken up and going to have some breakfast, I have lots of proddy d to do! 
my baby is a lot better, but still doesn't want to eat anything but apples 
@bikeskirt just making sure you know that @primaveracoffee is closed on sundays...  the parking lot is still an excellent meeting place...
@NovaWildstar I think I am, but when I even contemplate going back to work I seem to backslide a lot 
@madjock I put lots of suncream on but I don't tan I just go from white to red in a matter of seconds! 
i've got a lot of homework to do but i prefer eating ice cream and doing nothing haha @laryllan i miss u 
clicked lots of flowers today, but doesn't know any names to label his photographs  Should I convert it to a quiz ?  http://bit.ly/Qddei
wow wave looks impressive...wish i used email a lot more 
@toyaplus1  Is he crying a lot? jay would give himself fevers just from crying so much. :/
i miss you honey ! like a lot ! 
@vegasfrog wow sweetie, you got an awful lot of roosters in that bunch!!  
How do i tell this dog that i may never see him again? How do i pull out of this parking lot without him? 
i almost curse.wanting to curse.lots of anger in me i guess.gosh i feel bad 
@jayjames2105 yea, poor little guy just fell out of my bag and rolled across the parking lot. Apparently my bag wasn't closed all the way 
I miss my darling   Two weeks are a lot!
is incredibly tired, in need of lots of sleep 
@lazywei879 hey!! good to see u here!! i wish to tho.. got a lot of problems.  sigh sigh sigh. now focus on alevel 1st!! lol
@knightbergsgirl i did the same thing, but you can only go back 100 pages, so now a lot it gone 
 a lot of hacks is garena server but the games there are fun
I miss my web  ' have to do a lot of thingsss
@Fabvegas sorry for the late response.  I am good.  How about you?  I have been working a lot 
I'm all sunburnt from going outside a lot for a change 
@ostrich_ I wish you were here! I've been playing a lot. 
thanks y'all for being thereee!  i had lots of fun. I can't say the same to others that really disapointed me! 
@clairelouise2 I get intrusive thoughts a lot with my kids. They r my everything, I cannot imagine them suffering like that 
@windexcleansall No hangover... but a lot of broken pieces. 
@TheBuckNation @TannersDad sadly that tends to happen a lot with charities. Costs more to operate than to donate. 
@chelseatheicon: I miss you  I have lots of stories to tell!
Lastfm is broke  A lot of sites seem to be having issues, I cant get on to moodle either :/
Is there a reason 2 different groups of people yelled rude things at me in the parking lot? 
i wish @hollyhoo122 would come to the lot with meee! 
Just feel frustrated lately with a lot of things...just can't trust anyone anymore it seems like...need to be less trusting I guess.  
still miss my old timeline.. follow lots of tweeps that reply a lot and now I need to check profiles before I see them..  #twitter
@linuxlover101 i'm just really stressed and have a lot going on... 
i don't want a lot, i just want enough. 
@daveixd  There's a whole lot wrong with that.
@youngscolla I just have a lot of feelings  LoL
@GoHeadOverHeels i've been having a lot of problems with twitter 4 days  I still cant get my background to upload  it does but doesnt show
well according to web, that really is it for dsm.  we have seen the last lot of episodes before the usa. gutted. how can they cancel it?
is sitting alone in the parking lot because she is way too early for church... 
i think they're gone. this hurts a lot more than i had anticipated 
making finals is a lot harder than i thought 
a lot of &quot;accepting the things I cannot change...&quot; today. bleh 
@mariiJB_qzO i dont think so, ive looked it up a couple times &amp; it was never on there 
i hear the upperclassmen arent very nice sometimes. i dont want them picking on me 
hoping my earache stops before i try to go to sleep. i don't remember having them as a kid, but seem to get them a lot lately. 
 darn, this summer might be a lot busier than planned. i don't know how i feel about that. oh well nighty nighhht. @katerson i love youuu!
at least i'd have plenty of data 
@dylanmccarthy I sworn those swears a lot.. I never keep them 
Getting quite a lot of work done in the hotel room - although it is a bit hot and no air con! 
... have a lot to clean up 
@RussellBfan90 we've dropped down lots  xx
my internet is doing a thing where it ebbs and flows. but the ebbs are a lot longer than the flows. 
@edd8990 it's actually pretty boring, and involves a lot of code, but i'm really bored and none of my housemates play mtg 
I want a holiday.. A lot 
You guys feel like cheering up @rasmusgran? He has a lot on his mind and I can't be there for him!  I love you, sweetie.
Having major issues with syphon...need lots of practice 
today begins and there's a lot to do... the wedding chores won't be here much longer 
Ugh... I have to do work, a lot of it... not  a fan of working hard 
Going through a lot 
stayed up all night and didn't get a whole lot done what's wrong with me. 
The guys are here to work on the landscaping! Yay! I need to work on the inside of the house...still have lots to put away 
doing a lot of homework. ugh ! that's totally making me sick 
@josordoni that's a shame  I'm very lucky that it works for my sector, fortunately there is a lot of repeat custom too
@Mlopez54 haha, well a lot of people aren't walking the line. Lol but I wish you were here too 
@cathy_cochina40 I chickened out a lot. I didn't understand the law text at the end 
I've accomplish 200 trainings (officially)... it's a pity there's a lot more which I did nor record 
computer died this weekend    backup not working since october so I lost a lot of things(
A lot of bad stuff on the news today. 
@netamarie the point is, neither of them really knew what it was. hahah. nothing is open. lots of festivals and beer. you should be here. 
@masqueradelife that sucks  I'm expecting homework. And lots of it. That's about it I guess
I feel a lot better but not quite yet..I need someone to come take care of me  @chocolate_dip
completely exhausted after a lot of canoeing yesterday. Lots of logjams 
@pitbull_fan76 was our pacing bad?  I haven't had a lot of opportunities to really watch free shaping sessions other ppl have done 
a lot of homeworks   uhh
@kerryetches missed the lot 
I miss my kitty a lot 
@celineleu well I have a lot of homework  and what you gonna do?
@mburleson A couple are pretty good.. overall its not the best they've done.  
@Deltavogue  A lot of ppl have never opened themselves emotionally to a pet to appreciate just how deep our relationships w/them can be. 
's legs hurt and is uncomfortable and just looking at the trek she has to make across the parking lot is killing her. 
is missing J a hell lot...wish u were here! 
@joefletcher it actually was pretty good . i can't do it in my current apartment because there's a lot of jumping and running around. 
@tedwheeler I think lots of folks could not get past the first sentence for your social media position announcement.  That + 70k  =  
@creativegeek ah yes, I see that a lot, filtering, some I jut move to another stream! wish Twikini would let me do that 
wow, boston got 3 more photowalks for #SKPhoto - lots of repetition though 
ugh. i have to do a lot of work for school :S so major tyring.not in a good mood 
@bloomies28 i really miss u a lot 
@tommcfly my mum likes it, she says that it's like.. chicken, urgh. take a pic of everything! i miss japan a lot 
@daglamdiva daaayum I heard it was addictive I never got to get into it too tough I signed up at a time I had a lot going on ...phooey 
@aleclightwood tired as heck, eating like a pig, ashlinn's been here a lot today, she's freaking out 
@Ajafrary nope  but what can ya do... just keep living! i'm feeling a lot better now thanks to tamiflu on a positive note!
I have a lot of homework and i dont want to do it and it is due tomorrow what should i do? 
@tejas74 extreeeeeemely excited but i also have a lot to do before i go. nervous about getting it all done, including relocating my cats. 
I could have done a lot better on this job. I feel bad 
I miss @venomforblood more  lots.
is only getting more and more upset, going to bed early.. and wishing things were a lot different.. also thoughtful, but speechless.. 
time differences suck a lot 
done for tonight. educated myself quite a bit on restful interop but not a lot of progress 
I dunno who's fake or not  There's a lot of posers!
boo. i found my ex on fb.. i really hate that she won't talk to me  it sucks a lot.
@wtharetheydoing they are doing maintenance so lots of functions are unavailable 
Man, I wish I was smaller. There are a lot of great 80s dresses on here, but you have to be super tiny for them to fit. 
@JonathanRKnight it is very sad  A lot of my good friends told me the same thing... life is short... live each day as if it is your last
Morning everyone .. am thinking whather i go to college today or not!! I have lots of things to do 
@randiohdesigns yeah thats what I am thinking  He gets it a lot.
Things would be a lot easier if I didn't have the best boyfriend in the world 
@JonathanRKnight haven't u ever heard that if u can't say nice things u shouldn't say anything at all  *lots and lots of tears*
Managing to get a lot of work done late as I was watching a sick little boy today 
@wengcieweng we have lots of clothes to press 
wants to thank everyone for thinking of her over the past couple of days. Your support really means a lot, even if I've not reciprocated 
@goldenskye oh  I hope you feel better then, I'm sorry to hear that. I expect a lot of tea will help.
@tommcfly you don't reply to your fans a lot now 
i just ate a whole lot of food and now I'm not feeling so good 
@meowin well i hope bizzykit's okay  and i hope i get to see you a lot over summer because i miss you like crazy!
@jessicaveronica ahh u girls have to get up/leave for places so early  it must suck.. missing you jessie! &lt;3 love u lots xoxo's
aww, even josh thomas' partner on the show was mean  how sad!! yes. im tweeting a lot... learn to love it.
hhmmm... a lot of 'trons seem to be creeping up. 
@oleschaper it always gives me the most crazy icons as well... its bugged a lot 
sounds like a lot of chainsaws over the park 
- @alexjreid - saw that earlier, can't even comprehend what that couple were feeling. Really tragic 
likes the sunshine a lot but doesn't like having to think about going to work at 4.30 
I ate lots again today! I know eating lots everyday is a blessing but I feel sorry because I'm getting fat! 
saw a drug deal in the parking lot at work a couple of days ago and forgot to tweet it. I am a bad twitterer 
@itsbrendabitch i threw up a lot 
@JaosnBradbury oh but have you seen the trailer? they seem to of changed quite a lot 
@JasonBradbury oh but have you seen the trailer? they seem to of changed it quite a lot  GUTTED
@tarattack that's a lot of smacking around I gotta do then. 
@NANCY___ I don't get lots of female attention sadly, just doesn't happen 
@mhallbiotch lots of shade balls in the area and just wanted to leave and not stir up anything.  
@beaurosser I have a lot of stars to get before I can start looking forward to galaxy 2 
The side effects of exercise and allergies combined feel a lot like the flu.  but I know it's not.
@xnuny yeeeah, a lot! 
@glitzyorbit thought i was nice, did followfriday and complement on how he said good luck a lot and follow his 2 names and links.  
@bryanjustinxvii I know what you mean! It sucks  ive dropped a lot of @ replies..
has had a lot of experiences on nursing placement. and nearly cried yesterday at the old folks home 
is in need of a lot ... and a lot ... and a lot ... and a lot of ... coffee 
I've been ditched... I have a feeling this is going to happen a lot 
@queenofkong yes I'm having lots of fun man I've done a lot of walking but no actual working out really  I'll be back soon though
expectations.......this is the reason why a lot of people are hurt........ 
@Carrielovesyou I want to see it, but I want to see a lot of movies and I have zilch in terms of money 
i have lots of thing to be done 
@ajaedandridge @iamjmuzik good money -&gt; bad choice. A lot of things r like that 
@leahvarden leah i miss u a lot! 
i miss my boyfriend a lot 
@imake1tgirl It bothers me a lot as well, but I can't say it surprises me at all.  Lots of sick n twisted people in the world.
I think i should be alone for awhile .. i want a lot ..   
Sleeping like a normal person again tonight... one that's in a lot of pain 
@Alhandra awww! amazing how a sliver of light can improve your mood. I work in a goldfish bowl - too much light! lots of glare! 
Moving across the country is stressful! It's hard to find time for a lot of stuff. 
@hrrrthrrrdm I hate having lots of errands 
god, only sir mix a lot would be happy about the current state of my butt 
@Reavel yes it's raining a lot..   http://twitpic.com/6izi7
lots to do, not quite enuff energy and this bad mood isn't helping  arrrrgh!
a lot of stuff to do 
opening shift  lots of fun inc
@jerphelps No  It's a lot quieter though! It doesn't sound like a dead hamster on a wheel anymore
@estrellabossy i think i did well! it's just riding on a lot 
misses a lot of people. 
@sunshyne1202 i'm trying  i'd feel a lot better if i could quit right now tho.
@Hedgewytch Yes that clown only gets on my radar when he spews garbage. Unfortunately he does it a lot  Freespeech &amp; all that. #stillaTwat
why do i have sir mix a lot stuck in my head? 
i have a lot of stuff today.  I'm hungryy and bored.
@chicaao nooope. i've got a lot of her fans but not miley  do u like her music?
camping ought to do your back a lot of good  
skool show was cancelled  + still addicted 2 d sad song + i tink im running out of ideas 4 my book on the upside laughed a lot at skool
@shradz exams..lots of em.. 
They broke ground across the street... and prepping the lot next to it as well 
Just saw a picture of mangoes, and immediately thought of my grandma. I miss her a lot  I'm writing her a letter this weekend for sure...
@yeelam yeah also have three weeks with a lot of exams   sucks ..  but than vacations  are you going to work in your vacations??
It hurts a lot,..... 
my un burn ha now turned to peelin kin and lot of it  
A lot to do and its pouring 
Has been marking paper out of 100 when there were only 75 marks, which explains a lot... feels quite stupid now 
@fibrefairy IKWYM! but it isn't surprising really - and I'm sure voter apathy had a lot to do with it 
@dinamayhem and @keeley45 yuns 2 bitches are lucky! make some bad decisions, drink lots and take one for your team!  wish we were ther ...
driving through the middle of texas, lots of not much, but we are in need of gas 
@sizeone I'm actually looking foward to it, its just that im leaving behind a lot that I'm going to miss A LOT 
lots of cleaning up to do after the fumigation 
@roxiijonas yeah 10% and p&amp;p and that. I think theirs a lot of confusion, no ones really sure.We've just got to wait a while.. 
So ... I know i'm tweeting a lot.  But that cat just killed a squirrel   I'm sad now.  Only not because jessica is on ellen now.
@mistresskitten aww, hugs. I feel that way too a lot  ahh well
It was sad seeing some of my kids go for the summer   I got lots of hugs though!!!  &lt;3
Just put peanuts out for Badgers - still raining a lot 
@slagroom I'm 5'9&quot; - but have very little muscle so that weight is a lot of fat.  I'm what they call a skinny-fat person.
so it's taking my students a lot longer to take my final than it should have 
@JoninaSauer This totally does stink.   We'll miss you, lots!
Graduation is bringing back a lot of memories 
Just took my grandma some beautiful flower. I miss her a lot  http://twitgoo.com/o8c3
23000 going into 100/200-25. Iweargoggles just got moved to my left with lots of chips. 
@tangerineturtle That's good, since you may be doing it a lot soon.  
@theiBlog I'm sorry  the fact you're next to her will help a lot already. I've been really really ill whilst totally alone and that's bad
@BELIZEJNY lol hows it going over there? i see from your status's its been raining a lot. I miss hearing you on the radio 
staying in tonight. still so sick  ....i really have a great boyfriend though and that makes me feel a lot better.
lots of homework tonight 
@gaykitten i've heard that a lot of internship sites are cutting back on housing/meals 
@ryankelly81 we knew a bunch of the same ppl. the casting was cool I made a lot of connects did a good interview but I didn't get the gig 
it felt like i had a lot to do tuday, in reality i had a gut drainin day 
missing mount a lot. it won't even be the same next semester when i'm commuting   didn't think i'd miss it so much
Wow a lot of cops and ambulances out and about today 
@DavidArchie I know! It's horrible! I get a lot of bad headaches 
@mommapuff nope, just the parking lot video  what gets me is he sounds so frustrated with them when he's usually so patient
getting schooled in classic wolfenstein...on &quot;hurt me plenty&quot; !! i have lost my skills 
@dougoftheabaci yeah, it's a work thing so I don't have a lot of input on the choice of hardware. 
@richpoolboy just got hooked up to a bunch of wires and now they want him to sleep, I'm so sad. He sent a pick. 
@Courageous_one i've been there .. a lot recently  hopefully you catch up soon !
@brookowens btw how far will our cars be from our booths when we unload? i have a lot of stuff + am not looking forward to the trips 
@ASinisterDuck @Pvtmarcus - I've started at 8! 
lots of followbacks to be had... still in jail - don't know why. been more than 24hrs. twitter's no longer fun 
I am very sad and cry a lot I will sleep better 
@steve5424 not a whole lot 
@GellarGirl I predict a lot of suckage in my future 
@AmyLoves0322 yes i will  Thanks a lot dear.. i think they ll give me cortisone and serom.
@kookiepookie if you are what you eat --- there must be a lot of me. 
will miss a lot later...  http://plurk.com/p/ytv33
monday is getting closer a lot faster than me to my text books 
I don't like working with hangovers  now i remember why i don't drink a lot.
i hate being in this predicament, i mean really, i do bring a lot to the table... i think. 
Lots of birthday cards to make and lots of ideas on how to do them and not enough time 
feeling a lot better now, I guess I should joke around when it's painful.. it seems to help.. only problem: people might get offended 
Reformats always take a lot longer than expected. 
@Thompey i keep askin that to myself a lot..bt u know hw much im addicted to my constant retail therapy and i need loads of money fr that 
@machinaExDeo plenty of influence, but you're right, not enough time 
@beingnobody yeah =\ I was more worried last year.. and these exams are equally if not a lot more important 
@LucyGuy1 its just been boring and a lot of stress around the house  so how come urs is pretty good?
can no longer say she's never had a cavity.   Apparently it happens a lot during pregnancy - babies take a lot of calcium!!
@Shadez ohh i so much missed this 1... had lot of work 
working 7-3 missing my child  then cookouts to go to! about to gain a whole lot of weight!
@Jennys1977 ...ended up going home early after checking my balance and finding I had a lot less than I should 
house clean, finally, now hungry. maybe start on the booze that was left behind. .. lots of cider 
i am getting a lot of prank calls from bunch of my class mates that i hate and they wont leave me alone 
@BadgerNoble oh no, I didn't realize it was US-centric   I did hear they're having a lot of legal issues so that's probably why 
@lovelindaxo i wish you could come to italy  lol i talk about you, laci, and my mom a lot to my italy family
@Kathrynnaomi they didn't come out as well as I expected.  they shrink a lot though.
Uncharted 2 is buggy as hell tonight, lots of dropped games 
@jackapedia it rained a lot again. I'm homebound... 
just a whole lot of negative energy tryin to bring me down... @vitamindw 
want lots of rather expensive electronics items that I can't afford 
cried a lot watching marley&amp;me  i want a labrador...
@alteredattic lol. I understand. Lots of rattie owners are traumatized and put off ratties when they die 
@SprinkleUWitLuv health like it is right now...mom doesn't wanna take a whole lot of chances 
And a lot of it.  
have had headache all day, now right eye is twitching - have a lot of pressure in that area 
I have determined that my cold is still with me....guess I'll be doing a lot of nothing tomorrow 
@ericbuterbaugh I thought you and I were the old married couple eric... 
got a flat in the lot where I parked for kayaking.    But a nice man pulled over to help me put on my spare and wouldn't take any payment.
@kaitlynnoelle evry1 else has probably been to lots if themm 
finally moved in... lots of unpacking to do 
I don't sleep with as many people as @craigverse so I get a lot fewer texts  
I have a lot of energy tonight for some reason  I wish I could go dancing with the others....mass in the morning. w00t?
I have a lot of bruises 
@truepinoy go out for me tonight! I'm stuck in a lot of junk  
Toronto is going to be a lot less happier after this afternoon. 
there was a hell lot of karaoke last night, and a hell lot of missing 
@halfriican ugh same i just came home and slept a lot then played sims 3 and totally skipped on studying. tomorrow i MUST study a lot. 
@deepthimurali ok now ur scaring me! This is one reason i deleted all my blogs... i tend to blabber a lot 
i miss a lot of people, let's meet upppp!! i miss you guys too much 
I miss my husband. A lot.  
In the process of converting my case-sens drobo to case-insens to allow my new droboshare to work, had to back up lots of crap, so slow 
hiy fellow twitters, sorry its been a while but my leg is still hurting a lot... not sure why but think its getting worse   how r we all?
@michaelpolo dude serioulsy it sucks to not practice  and tomorrow will be awesome hopefully a lot of people are there early!
@ColleenLindsay @AuthoressAnon I've been reading a lot of teen fiction the last year, and I am appalled @ how much of it is terrible. 
@JeromeEsplana Ah!! I don't want to!!!!  I'll miss you lots and lots! Don't forget me!
my body is in a lot of pain tonight, and nothing has ever really worked for my fibromyalgia.  I'd like to be a normal healthy 25 year old.
@xbrookecorex my cat  we had to get her put down because a lot of her nerves were really damaged. poor little darling 
I made the wrong decisions and I regret it... a lot 
@billyraycyrus so you're not with your family, oh they must miss u a lot!! 
@roxbradnick i agree, but damn! @bing solves a lot of technical issues for me  everything else sucks though
Finally all done. Nieces and nephews can do a lot of damage when given admin access 
@teammartin i'm sure you'll get it done! sound like you've done loads. I however have not done a lot, none of my pages are complete... 
i have a lot of learning to do!!! english 
I chose to walk instead of get the bus....? It's a lot further than I thought. 
cleaning   a lot!!
People talk so loudly in parking lots 
@springtree yes, we lose a lot of creating hours that way, don't we 
@runningbrit not online a lot up north, we don't have wirelesss  so sad. just on my twitterberry.
@stompyourfeet It was pretty good, but probably would've been a lot better if you were with me 
@kruss73 Sounds like a nice place.  I get to look out the window at a parking lot. 
cleaning my home office.... throwing away all manuals for software older than 3 years. thats a lot of trees 
has a lot of assignments to work on 
@frenchiep aw frenchie , don't you think you work a lot ? 
Going grocery shopping soon, then going to come home and go on a run, then grass to cut, lots and lots of grass 
@ashp0rter  but who is going to save sandra?! She drowns a lot.
In a lot of pain from the stupid dorm bed 
I'm not happy  I've just bought lots of nice dresses that look awful on  :@ !!!
@joesaidtweeter jen i might cry at graduation! omg i lovee you so much  thnx a lot for making me girlier
@jeremywoertink you are in bad moods a lot lately 
@lauriewl I may come to watch bball if that's ok?  I have a lot of stuff to get done today so probablly no pool 
@livileah88 I miss spanking you a lot  I will more then make up for things when your over. We have much to cover ;)
i want a lot of candies 
@xthemusic It's got a couple of nice shooty bits but then a lot of running about and some boring 'throwing each other about' fights. 
@sardun oh no!!  i'm sorry! i definitely think you're a lot more gorgeous than her...i agree with michelle!
i miss you. a lot. 
Seems to be quite a lot of negativity on here this evening... 
Man..  I wish a lot of things
@cecinievas NO COMENTTS. i think the same now, really i dont know what to think about it. i know its soooo sad and hurts a lot both of us 
I hate to hear multiple drivers talk about how they hate racing (or lack there of) like this.... 
right off to bed now ... washing up all done &amp; lots to do tomorrow 
has to do a lot of hw and really cant focus 
@GeneTheFotog Assasinated that guy for you, didn't do a lot for me no money 
@mimibadass ummmm maybe a lot but you don't be screamin at me 
@Aliwolf9 that it does wifey   i give u lots and lots of love!!
@VHuynh93 LOL I've decided not to. I fell asleep watchig a 9 minute video I made  LOL
@heyitsjuuli 'cause i'm melancholy, just beginning to need him a lot, you know who im talking about 
uuugh i miss my boyfriend a lot 
@OhMyBlogItsJoey ohh men that sucks! me too and I've lots and lots to do 
http://twitpic.com/6vkc8 - I like ronnie second. i miss ronnie a lot though 
I really want to start working out again! I've tired here a lot lately and gained a little weight!  So I need to start back again!
@FaithWSmalls Yes, we got a lot done! But we missed all the sun! 
chillin still coughing a lot 
@weightfor160 That is a lot of points. 
@lilmui haha it's so amateurish! if you look closely there's a lot of ugliness 
@ikle_pattikins ooh no  do they break up and get back together a lot?
Thinking about sex a lot........ I am a nymphomaniac!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6vvb8 i miss my cat a lot right now. she was my study buddy. 
@jackgraycnn gmail acts funny a lot recently 
@erliou56 i love you a lot too(: and i'd love to plan a trip. but i'm underage. i can't. 
I think I just saw a sprite bottle with pee in it in the parking lot. 
We were texting and it meant a lot and you fell asleep 
@sikofreality I love you too!! I miss you a whole lot! 
@_Haleybobaley_  i miss you a lot a lot a lot. too much. 
@basiaa nawwww  did you cry HAHA  aww i wish i went with yous  trust me i would of been a lot happier 
i actually miss the puppet maker a lot.  @lillavanilla
@Schofe  Wow I've never heard of someone afraid of soup. Does it have an actual name? &amp; I feel sorry 4 the woman 
@BrianNippon I have a lot of things to do  I wish I never had to sleep...I'm so busy all the time.
since i moved to twitter, ive lost lot of my friends. ahh bad. 
@realmary I used to give him rides a lot... he was always a little trashed when I saw him 
@hereinthehive defo mate, its awful, i have not slept right for weeks with it already  but them tablets help a lot really
@SandiMon @endlessblush yeah it wasn't great. A *lot* of systematic negligence happening is my main issue 
I've been talking about 'High Fidelity' a lot lately. it was on cable last night before bed... but cable killed it. 
doing my homework..i'm very sleepy!! I have a lot to do and bring tomorrow 
My former home has changed a lot.   Seven of the nine have been found dead. That includes children. http://bit.ly/wObYT
everyone asked me to do a lot of things at the same time! its so insane! im stress! 
@SeekerOf I am feeling a lot better thanks. I hate cleaning the house...I do it but I hate it! I can understand the to much stuff thing. 
@Vertago1 yeah. and who have lots of cars lose a lot of defense stats. 
morning peepz! it was a great holiday, but now i have a lot of things to do... 
@tallazbubba plenty of countries fit that bill 
@paranormalspy Me too!! A lot of people in this field have dissappointed me lately  they are the reason this topic is not taken seriously.
@JustJenzz startrek is awesome? a lot has said that but michelle said that i shouldn't watch ittt and its not worth watching 
bad part about having lots of windows at work is the magnificent vista of rain over a parking lot 
@EarthFare  Really pleased cos the little might has had a lot of problems with his teeth the last few years 
@whitelily22 Aww that's sweet! It's a lot of work, I like it when I can play but at the moment it keeps going wrong which sucks. 
@_Krazeee_ loool he does! ^^ I'm fine, I've got to work a lot theese days, so I cannot tweet that much  How are you, honey?
is done with jobs for sometime but lot of paperwork ahead and break out too 
it's raining men!!! i wish  it's just raining ... and a lot at that...
has a lot of assignments to do 
Just when I think everything is going to be okay, life gets a lot more complicated 
feeling a lot better but still sick and sunburnt 
@aditichandak I haven't received anything yet  I'll keep checking every day! I look a lot healthier when i have a tan, pukka! (^ _ ^)/
I just crashed my moped and i got hurt more then it did   theres a lot of blood on me now lol
@DonnieWahlberg I noticed you've been getting a lot of hate  I hope u know that for every 1 that hates u there are zillions that love u
- I think I'm in love, but we have a lot of problems 
i actually miss the puppet maker a lot.  @lillavanilla101
I have nothing to do this whole week  this sucks a lot oh well :|
@HanHouse  I get hot flashes &amp; it's not menopause..   Lots of 'em 
@saysjulia sooo hot and humid during the day! But I saw a lot of great shows... There was too much I wanted to see to get it all in 
Holy crap there are a lot of breeze presentations over cardiovascular 
@wreimers I'm 1 of the lucky 1's, it could hv been lots worse. I just get lonely here 
@wnwdotcom at $50 a year for a guy on uk benefits its a lot 
Its hard to sleep with a lot on yer mind....so deeply depressed 
Seems to take me 1.5 hours to copy-and-paste website translations into the coding...a lot of repetitive motion. No wrist injuries please 
aaarrgh... after 40% taxes and 30% for espp and 401k these bonus payouts don't excite me  only consolation is this lot better than nothing
@smoshian dang. a lot of people are unfollowing you... 
Getting ditched always sucks a lot. 
@paninisaywhat good!  Looong walk to my class though since its on the other side of campus and there's only one parking lot 
@2bRemembered haven't been following it cause i'm not happy with him &amp; Vikings combo  ... probably upset a lot of fans no doubt.
for some reason i miss you a lot tonight 
There had happened a lot of things: I ended 9th class and then get in 10th class in a new school! Now it's summer holidays, lot of work! 
It's raining lots, I can' believe this 
@tamaracamille miss you a lot a lot 
@Vikirnoff He's been working a lot lately, but 
@momono: no, no wide angle yet  but enjoying the zoom too a lot here! lots of cool animals
@cuzstacysays seems to be a lot of drama at the moment, hope everything workouts   How r u enjoying driving around everywhere?
just ate breakfast now off to finishing my homework ive got heaps and heaps of it feeling nervous how will i finish it all... 
thinking a lots of thing 
dont know wat to do, will miss them a lot  especially our leader...his puppy face ..lol
gain a lot of weight.. i'm okay 
actually woke up before 12 today, really impredded with myself , gotta sort through a lot of boxes though 
actually woke up before 12 today, really impressed with myself , gotta sort through a lot of boxes though 
I need lots of alcohol  x
@luvmyrandomness  have to stop following you,because you post a lot 
@erica_lick it's probably a lot quieter when you're not sick 
@thebigyin74 thanks for the offer - it's not that big a deal... just a lot of startup time 
@kherb43 melissa always asks me to get her some sushi-not a lot of places 'round here for that 
@kimme always nice to hear that song, it's a good song, though it brings a lot of memories 
@buridan i did. it throws up lots of errors as well. 
i have a lot of exams , projects 
is glad she spent lots of time with  barn owl. she is very special and i dont get to see her much. but missed playgroup 
@evalee70 the sadder thing is that I have lots of really pretty dresses...all packed away in storage. 
A lot on my mind and I don't think I have enough space to store it in my brain.... 
 lots of tears
@baxaphobia get used to it, it will happen a lot. 
When I get sad, I buy junk food...when I get very sad, I buy lots &amp; lots of junk food...went to town and bought lots &amp; lots of junk food 
came face to face with a pit bull in a parking lot with nobody around?  
after lots of hard research ive realised if i want all the stuff i want im going to need to get a job 
morning! i'm soooo sleepy  but its pretty outside and there's a lot of things to do today! 
I thought this wouldn't hurt a lot, I guess not 
just got in from school and kinda tired. i have a lot of homework to do and now i have to go to spanish for 1:45 
@FlyAArmy I hope he's ok  he was in a lot of pain
@ComputerArts  Your missing a lot of designers worth following 
tired of everything, slept a lot last night,also had nightmares 
@mibgames we will miss you lots too 
@starshaped That is really heartbreaking.  That's all lots of kids have.
@Is disappointed but not a whole lot ...This is why I don't have much faith in ppl 
@D_revelation a lot is wrong!! 
Feeling ill and have to do a lot of stuff 
@nicolassa grrrrrrr.  their haven is just down the road from me (i'm by celestial seasonings) so we get them a lot around here.  
@blindperspectiv maybe, I certainly need it but I have a lot to do tonight too 
@muSicFienDkiCks  I hate doing laundry , I wish clothes were one time use only  , but we would have a lot of trash LOL
waiting in the disney parking lot for nadolee... oh how i wish i can go into the park  such a tease!!
@CurtaBoy agreed! (: it's getting a lot of mixed reviews however and it makes me sad.  but I LOVE it!
Missing my boyfriend  a lot..ugh
I miss my love a lot. 
@julianahatfield  well i just had epiphanies while driving and listening to 'bed' if it makes you feel any better.. i got a lot of laughs
@guitarchic you've been sick a lot ah! I hope you feel fine soon  Stupid weather!!
@mijavera yes! *excited* 8D/ I've never had one before and everyone else does, I feel so left out  lol
@matrixx I've never wanted wood cut because it would bleed lots 
@dremin It's depressing, kind of  I've found a ton of glitches.
Missing hailey a lot  playing guitar
having a lot of trouble with my back  weird considering im 15.....
muffin is crying a lot recently 
has a lot of homework tonight 
.@trekkerguy $1500 is a lot of money  i'm really upset. it kind of sucks.
@GeminiTwisted true, but the lawn areas of camden and pnc were empty,and I think they hold a lot less. But I was surprised @ the jb crowd 
I miss my @ashleyruth23  and @melizababy a lots 
@dhamdhere it's really good, but it takes a lot of memory for itself 
I hope everyone is having lots and lots of fun...I'll be back tomorrow some and then mom goes away for awhile. It will make me sad... 
andrea i love you lots, but u dont love me 
@fubrub @jjmaa  it gives you a lot of points...  LOL
 i know it could've been a lot worse. But a broken ankle is still enough to worry me.
@yayitsmebrenda oh lol! That guy looked a lot like him, but it wasn't him  I want the real eccentric deal.
@chris_rohde crashing a lot for me too. 
@dannywood yes danny but sadl a lot of us will miss it 
@Tilu2 lots more 
finally out of that god forsaken parking lot...  i have to pee SO bad!  
@ruskin147 Agreed - A lot of wasted screen space 
When you have to do with 3rd party there's always a lot of waiting involved... Why? ( I already know the answer  )
been doing lots of thinking these last few days... now my brain is frazzled  and nothing is really any clearer to me!
My eyes seem 2 be stinging a lot lately 
@eugenepoogene i hate you a lot sir. 
@webholics I registered too. They've created a lot of buzz with the preview for developers who attended the meeting. Lets #wait ... 
@ageofreptiles he does that a lot though :') he won't answer when i ask if spill are coming 
Its raining. . . A lot! 
@iamsabs I dislike it a lot, too. 
@cathywilson35 it wasn't sinking just rocked a lot! I had ackroyd  would have much prefered yours lol
@JamesPinnell I played the demo- better weather effects, refined club control, lots of new courses, but they fudged putting 
@punky that seems to happen to you a lot 
Oh lots of work to do... thanks a bunch thunder storm 
with a lot of stress...    || via http://m.itsmy.com/
@clarely stuff like that happens to me a lot 
So a normal 8 minute drive took 35 MINUTES because I275 N was a parking lot.  That was no fun 
@getfollowed3 typical way of getting money on the net, tell ppl its free, but a lot better if they pay for it 
@luapossab are u using tweetdeck? it's missing lots of options 
@curt194 I got lots of furniture  It's the fact that it came with the wrong bits 
going to my cousin this evening, she graduated (very unexpectedly!) =D but i have a lot of homework.. 
hates poorly designed parking lots/streets that like to  wreak havoc on my tires. 
@mlbarnes2009 LOL. I won't be able to use a lot of the new features since i have a 1st gen. 
@JennWebb are you sufficiently hydrated? underhydration causes a lot of headaches. 
@tmitechnews heard about a lot of downtime  - How many sites to host? I can help you find a good host.
@buskizzle you sure do find a lot of reasons not to talk to me or be my twusband.  maybe we should just break it off. 
@SpikeTheLobster I want a lot more!! lol I'm bloody starving, had chicken salad earlier &amp; it just hasn't filled the gap 
@karmadillo yes - lesson learnt.  I want to swear a lot now 
@andyjustus  I think my parking lot at work is already a bit flooded and the wind is smashing it against our first floor windows.
My fingers are dented peeling and hurt an awful lot. The sad part is that i don't think i'm improving at all. 
@aaronwhite all 4 charity! I am 45 not very fit and still smoke  but I am dtermined the cause means a lot! thx for tip
@bevysmith I need to join a leauge u don't see a lot where I @ 
@peterfacinelli yeahh i think twitter is broken... it just went down.... a lot. 
I feel like life has been passing me by and I've missed a lot of opportunities that I shoulda had the chance but didn't get to have! 
UP made me cry lots 
I know I should've exercised this morning, but it seems there's a lot of excuses to not doing it  http://myloc.me/4dtP
dear nashville, i like you a lot better without all this bad weather 
a lot of jobs to do 
stressing a lot lately.. thats y my body doesn't have the enough of sleephours to spend on  wished it was next week.. no lessons
a lot of jobs to do 
woo! just finished new moon off to eclipse haha schools almost over guys  i'll miss a lot of people but looking forward to doing a lot! 
vitolio and asuka are my least fave couple... i just can't get into them 
@SassyCheekyChic yeah, I've seen a lot of spam lately too. 
this day  I had a lot of mistakes...   
@buzz I'm worried that a _lot_ of new apps are going to adopt the look too. 
Going to sleep. Wish I could just wake up in the afternoon, sadly I have to get up a lot more early than that. 
is debating the 3.0 upgrade... i've heard a lot about safari crashing 
@SHEMintechnico  im guessing a lot of them are from me
@jehan_ara I agree but tha gives a lot of brain damage  so to stay calm I think otherwise but yes we as a nation deserve a lot better!
browsing the net.. missing mary a lot.. 
@BlaqVixenBeauty I am actually learning a lot.  I was so lost that just abandoned my blog for a while.   But @problogger provides a wealth
@stinasback @g_rawlings i miss you both a lot btw. 
@curly00315 I do! I'm sorry. I'll talk to you. It's really the couple of Deans that I don't want to talk to... 
@pinkcherry5 yea it hurt a lot...it got my skin 
I'm missing a lot of friendship lately. 
I don't feel like this a lot, but when I do, I feel really sick. Hopefully it won't last long 
hello everybody i am doing lots of homework  and i nearly ready to go to late night
@aychbee I miss you... a lot. 
it's too late and this couch is too comfortable.  I'm so not going to get a lot done tonight 
@winksound got any info on how to re-learn warping for #ableton 8? its seems a lot harder now 
I can tell he frowns a lot by the wrinkle 
not wanting tonight to end. lots of tears 
studying human rights.... for her exams tomorrow... i have a lot to catch up on... 
@CMoz Lol - I've had better days but I've had worse too. No didn't go to the party. Now I'll be bumming rides - just totaled my car 
@nvinceable there are not a lot of clubs out here ..  and the oned that are have resident djs who have been there for yrs ..
@AidanSimmons Really dissapointing. There actually wasn't any garlic bread, mum was just using a lot of garlic 
I am reorganizing my harddrives. I wish I would have done it earlier. A lot of work to do now. 
callie...the dog...got into my jewelry and destroyed a lot of it 
@dysontech i have backups too but decided to start over  not to worry ,learning lots!!
@fumauk lol....a couple yes 
I wish I had really nice handwriting  lol I don't want a lot do I :p
Still all stuffed up  hopefully the bed rest and lots of tea will put me back on my feet !
I didnt tweet for a few days... I had to study a lot... &amp; I still have to. 
@jdfitzgerald Ah yes right. I don't know why didn't I think of it  Thanks a bunch!
@40OnTheWrist Had a dream at 3 about spiders - lots and lots of spiders - and couldn't go back to sleep. 
@garlicgirl It seems like a lot of us are tired. I went to the basement because it was so windy and I am super scared of tornadoes.  
trying to make myself happy...humm i got lots of problem in this holiday 
@strickenlament That's a lot sooner than I was expecting. But  if you'll miss it.
have to do a lot of corrections &amp; homework  sucks.
This sucks. I'm in a lot of pain.  but I'm sucking it up and going to work...
ifeel like I update a lot....pero not even 1000 updates yet  guess I don't update a lot after all
@kerrikrueger Why didn't people tell us to be technical writers?! I'm finding lots of jobs for them 
@YoungSimmons my morning is mad crazy..lots of isuues no resolution yet 
What a wonderful day...lot's of photos with all my friends...i will miss you a lot 
Construction sucks.  had to park at the neighbor lot
@MayDHD i was there, at fucking mud fest...I miss the old parking lot 
I'm seven different kinds of tired. 
@lipsandlaundry what material were your flags made of? mine are nylon and 24 hrs later not seing a whole lot... 
has a lot of split ends! 
is hurting a lot 
@AlyssaAtkinson tournament this weekend but i would   i wish your phone would work. this would be a lot easier.
@islesrebelangel we really miss him here a lot.  i was so sad when they bought out his contract 
@sadiiiefidget -hugs-  aw bby. ily lots + lots
lots of traffic going to mohegan 
has a lot of ironing to do... no me gusta laundry 
@InsaneXade I used to use that one...crashed on me a lot 
Ouch. Seriously, I knew it was coming and didn't expect it to hurt, but it hurt....a whole fucking lot. 
is going to read about the history of espionage.. or maybe about new venture startup- i have a lot to read unfort. none will be for fun 
@GGGKeri yes she is 24..I am 29..the oldest of the bunch.   aww I loves you! x.
@BrookeW_13 I miss you  we have a lot of catching up to do
@besweeet That would explain a lot. That kinda sucks, though. I always get light blue circles. 
@mcombs I tend to spend lots of $$ on alcohol  I know you and Cohoota do beer therapy a lot- I'm going to crash next time. I need it bad!
Looks like I'll be going to the gym by myself today!  thanks a lot @xoada
@Jasperfect a lot? 
was supposed to go out in an abandoned parking lot and practice but we got/had unexpected company 
@eatmycereal I am starting to think that we are an old married couple, and the spark is gone 
@RoxyShmoxy you don't remember josiah?  and yes. sucks a lot &lt;/3 i feel so bad for him and his family *hugs* 
@supernerfer1726 theres a lot! 
@DameSmash I had chicken nuggets! A lot of them! I sinned 
@pokemaniac there is a lot of truewifi (paid) but coverage is spotty also. sometimes cannot connect, most time very slow  better than edge
I know  even though you still fell asleep a lot! Haha i shall miss you.
I wanna eat a lot of things, haven't eat sour sally yet 
I don't know a lot of english! 
I don't know a lot of english! 
@MTVindia your background doesn't stretch on my monitors - i see a lot of blank space .. i use one 22&quot; widescreen and one 20&quot;.. none work 
@bittersweet__  I know, it seems like lots of bloggers I followed are either stopping or not really posting much anymore 
ok ive applied at a lot of joints and no calls :| wtf.. 
@chrismcelligott Happens to me a lot. But my motivation usually comes @ 4am when I can't do anything, heh. I wake up, and it's gone 
Misses her fiance a lot 
@kgelert LOL! i do eat a lot! but i didn't eat at red lobster. unfortunately, i just work there.  and i hate the general manager!
@hollice haha i liked it a lot! especially the beginning. i guess reading the endless critic praise dampened its effect a bit 
Goodmorning friends!I'm sorry for the absence,i'm studying a lot 
@wrumsby It's just a single shop lot, albeit quite deep but I doubt this is the real deal ... 
@shannamoakler http://twitpic.com/7s8p5 - This makes me so so sad.  But yes, I feel like this a lot. :/
@pixievondust  i hope you didn't have a lot in it
@treaclelove woah!! you gained a lot!! 
Painting all the  walls in our new house... it are a lot! No time for drawing 
OK. There're a lot of this kind of websites online. 
@Evitalocci I can't hear turn right cuz when I hear this song i cry a lot, its horrible 
@karijpeters expect them to do a lot of that I'm afraid 
@ausher8 You get sick a lot. :/ ... But after seeing this, I can see why. 
@frankzanzibar it sucks. a lot. 
@noodlechett Sounds a lot better than my pasty 
@PochaccoYoly LOL, D plays WoW? I didn't know that! But trolls are ugly   and WoW is a lot more fun to play when you start w/ someone
lots of stuff to do today blah 
@woganmay lots of limitations with openx unfortunately  working on solutions though...
Daily M*il is getting a lot of free advertising 
@wildfire198 - oh balls!  tbh i'm seeing how the last lot of painkillers affects me b4 I leave the flat so it's still not a def 
@AnneLubnerDsign, @Eyllek2, it came out a lot shorter than we expected. She's used to having long hair &amp; was not happy! 
@Cartooncreator Haha I've been like twice. It's not like the best thing ever, but it's okay :p and Ahh jealous, it's still all rainy 
@suaveguy321 a lot of people do but the ones that don't say it uses to much battery 
@RobinDotNet that's one option, but I don't have a lot of self-discipline 
@GoddessKLS yeah ur right  just miss her lots
@tmstier that's a lot working against u for one shoot! 
@JulesVel Lol! I've been on the coast...that means no interwebs  But I'm back now! lol How have things been with you?
@denimdebutante I'm not sure he'll want to, but he might. He's been a lot nicer. I got hungry + took him back. I hate cooking for myself 
@LiverpoolFan74 I had to put a lot of makeup on so a lot of mad scrubbing 
i'm really not that impatient, i just have a lot of stuff to do 
@heiligeharmonie what a pity.  if it makes you feel better, mint gum (which is basically the only gum i chew) makes me sneeze. a lot.
i think my key board is dying....lots of letters are very difficult to type...i wonder if this means i need to get a new one soon 
WTF just about to go to bed only to find my kitchen roof is leaking lots and lots. 
@jonaskevin I'll not sleep well until you see the big message I sent yesterday in my profile.  I made a lot of replys to say everything. 
@hunt3131 haha weird, a lot of those shots are right by where I live.  I see all the cars that take my damn parking spots every day 
thanks a lot mother nature! U ruined my weekend 
My server has been going down lots lately, it makes me a sad WoW player  lol
@iheartrocknroll  u should move to nyc and I will come over a lot!!
@mp3mad hmm. that might be a slight problem. we only have dial-up there, so i might not really be able to tweet a whole lot. 
@QDOG8 crap! i guess my dad's not going to like his card this year then... thanks a lot quincy! 
@Topheratl ahh, well lemme know if you hear anything. For now I guess I'll be saving my work a lot more often 
There's not a lot to do when the power is out 
I've been hugging myself a lot lately because nobody else is willing to 
..still hurts a lot  ..stupid accident,  I was so clueless XD lol . I think I'm going to bed...
And it hurts a whole lot but it's missed when it's gone. 
I wish twitter's a lot easier 
@anggratherobot i miss you a lot gra 
I'm not a middle schooler anymore and I am SO sad  and, well, I have a lot to think about... goodnight
Writing some cool stuff. This weekend i have to study a lot 
Heeyyy.. where'd #dontyouhate go? There's still a lot of stuff I hate... and what is #iranelection? I don't feel like goog'lin. 
@SwagArts I've a love/hate relationship with Etsy. I've been on it since 2007 &amp; haven't been featured once  I don't think my stuff is bad.
I have had a lot of headaches this past week  ...better hit the hay
is tired , needs a lot of coffee ...havent slept well 
@teddybeardoctor i know i should ;; the trailer killed me a lot before, idk why i still haven't seen it 
@IRLittlest  *gives lots of hugs, whilst trying not to breathe it* hope I haven't given you my thing :\
@HayleaJay thnx a lot 
i can't stop eating. when i get bored i just eat, and right now i'm extremely bored, so guess what? i'm eating a lot 
http://twitpic.com/7vvrl - Looks a lot easier on youtube 
I'm now at the stage of essay writing where I am thinking faster than I am typing which means I forgot a lot of good ideas. 
@fuzzybumblebee i get that a lot. it never stops even when i close my eyes. yeah there are quite a few. red wine kills me everytime! 
if u need to find me, just go to west monroe, look for the biggest half paved parking lot and one pissed fatigued roller operator 
woohooo! good morning world! oddly in a good mood! doesn't happen a lot anymore 
Going to winterthur for more beer and maybe also some bears hehehe. and for sure a lot of heavy metal. its a pity that will rain 
i used to twitter a lot more than i do now 
missing the servingminds guys a lot 
Feeling a lot better than I did yesterday, but still feel like crap.  
It seems I don't know quite a lot.. 
I cant even find sites with here lyrics on it  i don't like a lot of j-pop but iv always liked her for some reason
I cant even find sites with her lyrics on it  i don't like a lot of j-pop but iv always liked her for some reason
miss boyfriend a lot a lot and wish he is beside me right now 
@nealopp I do a lot of reading and they make the screen fuzzy 
@daisyjanie yeah, the rain has been quite awful for farmers. the cold stunts a lot of plants, too. especially tomatoes and peppers 
Why the heckkk is it raining  watching he's just not that into you and learning a lot haha
 take care of yourself, and drink lots, and lots, and lots of fluid!!
@watermelonsmile  thank you, bb. that means a lot. ily2 &lt;3
I know. I read a lot of reviews of the cd yesterday, and they all made me so angry! The best I've seen so far is a 3!! 
i don't like how it came out   need lots more practice.
@Breebreemarie ohhh. That would explain a lot 
It's painful for me to yawn. I cough a lot 
a bunch of rescue runs... 
That super cheep, new to me, bike I got recently has just got a lot more expensive - found a crack in the frame 
@ketadiablo they don't carry a lot of authors who are guest blogging &amp; I want to support 
Missing her boyfriend lots and lots. Not looking forward to tomorrow either 
@LPBekka awe  I hope you feel better soon, eat lots of strepsils XD
Waiting to go to work and clean a lot of theaters. 
@KayTyler 77 today ...some good a lot bad ! Not watching ..got non golfy friends  over 
i have read in a couple places that it wasn't that good  i might wait to rent it instead
is absolutly shattered! Transformers 2 btw is a lot better then the first one! But still something about it so childish 
just woke up, lol. I missed a lot. 
@trpennington that doesn't sound like a lot of vodka 
egg broke  and graduation rocked!!!!! they called up ppl regarding what they said in the yearbook and a lot (the majority) were in our
got drunk with the merkowitzes and started to talk a lot, and then they all left me. I feel like it was my fault 
@willnix what?! not at the lot across from the vortex was it? 
29 pictures to edit. thats a lot  haha
sorry man youtubes been having a lot of bugs for me lately 
@AriazInk I have a lot to post about. I am behind 
Reunion was fun,  it rained a lot though. 
@saykendrawithme  I miss them too. A lot.
@lorenchuk she broke them!  We're currently waiting on a pair. She looks a lot different without them.
I envy her  huhu. Natsoe! I will cry a lot.
soo tired   And still have a bunch to pack! AHHH
...and sometimes u get taken advantage of...a lot...by your own kind 
@JourneyJottings Which is feasible - i have connections, skills and live off less than 1k/month aud.  but i get a lot of comments about..
@loydcase tweetdeck on iphone crashes a lot for me 
Struglin to get out the baseball games parking lot 
My mom cleaned a lot of my room which I appreciate but she also rearranged a lot of it that I didn't want moved  I feel bad moving it back
Wishes she could help @HiveNode feel lots better 
feels like i haven't packed enough. i accomplished a lot in the bedroom today, but there's still a lot to go! 
@MileyFanKorea lots anymore we miss you  we never hear from you anymore...
I forget a lot of things when im drunk 
what do you have to do when you should meet some one that you hate a lot and you need him a lot ??? confusing 
I have bad luck in parking lots  goodnight.
I think there's a whole lot more going on than i know about 
Ughhh I can't sleep.....gota lot on my mind 
frogs don't belong in the road. But that's where they all decided to hang out tonight. probably killed a lot 
Looks like I've got a lot of unfollowing jobs to do! 
Looks like I've got a lot of unfollowing jobs to do! 
@MizzTeeze lots of bloody annoying housework. 
@KreedKafer do you know how much i hate mint? hint: it's a lot.  minties are my mortal enemy.
Pegal  now I'm complaining a lot 
I just really wish I could get a straight answer...it would mean a lot to me. 
http://twitpic.com/80404 - ouch. headwounds bleed a lot 
http://twitpic.com/80561 - I miss him a lot now, for some strange reason. 
Is todays going to be tough =\ ...missing my daddy a lot. 
@KamMartinez I hope it's good! I've heard a lot of negative reviews in terms of its gender and race issues. 
@LoriG we are a fickle bunch. 
realising that i did a heck of a lot of travelling the past month. 4 countries in 4 wkds is fun, but my bank a/c definitely took a hit... 
Sneezing a lot today  on the plus side I think I'll do alright in my science as long as the questions aren't hideous stupid ones.
Regreting friday nights wicked mixes  caused a lot of nuisance
@CesLSU sounds awesome!  I want to get out on my bike today...I torn...I have a lot of studying to do, as well... 
ohhh, myy kyuuuuuuu. so charming.i will miss you a lot. 
actually itd be rly cool to tweet ghost stories but idk a lot of scary ones 
@sporkhead @SolveMyMaze I've had a lot of gubbed headphones. 
a bunch of people r inviting me to b-day parties! i have to buy lots of presents! 
@Zzazz  my weekend was ok... one f those where we did not get as much done as we wanted.. ended up running about a lot 
I have a lot of toons. 
@leannabug yeah it's a lot of fun.  I miss crew a lot   could you ask him if he knows anyone trying to get rid of a rowing machine?
I notice i've been blogging a lot less lately. 
@KatieRose393 like... A bunch of the buttons. 
@KiyoshiTomono I'm one of those in the bunch 
Tired and still have a lot to do 
I'm soo twitchy about my laptop auction.. 24mins to go, lots of views, lots of watchers, but no fecking bids 
@annaMsseJ yeah  I've spent more than I should have but I never spend my money but its just a lot of $$.
Just ate some delicious ribs and lost at cornhole a lot 
did not win that tupperware lot on ebay 
@maysiefurs a lot of friends are experiencing that right now 
@CodeRedGCG our bad  we get a lot of content from winksound and they update all at once, so the links come thru fast
i miss you a lot my g  @xgabox
i dont feel that great today  drinking a lot of tea...
@cbee Thanks a lot for liking hindi pages.. we plan to come up with other languages too.. but no one in contact knows other languages 
@No1PanicFan houston is big with lots of traffic and no amusement parks  how is it over there?
I think the lawn mower hates me. It took us a lot of time to get it started. 
@RJWalnuts lmao. thanks a lot. go ahead and rub it in!! 
Today I mostly whacked my thumb with a hammer trying to rip out kitchen cupboards, now the whole lot may have to come out 
trying to get into summer shape. this is a lot harder than it sounds. 
It's so difficult try that @gfalcone601reply me because there are a lot of fans and she can't see my messages 
#AMAAquentCR is making me feel old  But, lots of good insight!
Of course, this would be a lot better for me if I could actually *eat* ice cream these days. 
My kayak is getting lonely out there in the parking lot 
Sitting in the parking lot of work not wanting to go in 
cried a lot... 
@desi_this sadly, it sounds a lot better then it actually tastes 
that i've changed, she changed. i've met a lot of amazing new people this year, and i really need to let this friendship go already 
@bethany619 She isn't having it.  I have a couple that I took, but they have disappeared. 
Seems like a lot of good discussion (again) on #scrm - I can't believe I have to 'work' 
setting in the lab at southern hall. not a whole lot of fun 
I sense a conspiracy - i go offline = lots of chat. i come online = everybody gone  boohoo
@hibelu Don't do what? There are a lot of things I wanna do right now. 
@Fishbreakfast I wouldn't doubt it. I'm sure it happens at a lot of places 
I just realzied that I want a few electronics that cost a lot and I'm so broke already 
Ugh, please hurry up! I have a lot to do and I still have to study.  There's not enough time in this day.
I ate a lot tonight! I feel sick.  http://tinyurl.com/lfeocg
@raspberrydolly I have lots of issues about how I look too 
@RaeBoz i'll let you know if I get it. i don't want to jinx myself, a lot has fell through recently 
@withlegs i feel like shit for not trying hard enough to hang out with you.  because i'd really like to.  a lot 
@caseysevenfold I miss you bb...  I lovers you a lot xoxo rubber duckyyyy
@sociaIIyawkward  I am okay....debating a lot of stuff tonight!!    Not sure what to do with a situation...
This explains a lot  funny it should be called after a poisonous snake! http://tweetadder.com/
@louiiseeeeee haha it was and hilarious [x no  but there were a lot of fit boys (Y) lol. you shoulda come D; &lt;3
Deploying a solution that has no guide, and you have no experience in == lots of fumbling in the dark 
@hummingbird604 I doubt I could raise a lot of funds, though. 
i miss my stepdad lots atm    http://twitpic.com/8csy5
@22lrhunter I'm  because I haven't seen it yet. I read a lot of mixed reviews for the movie but everyone I know who'sseenitthinksitsgreat!
I just deleted a lot of songs 
I keep thinking about this guy. i miss you... A lot. I wish we still talked until 4 am like old times.&lt;3 i love you......goodnight 
@Brunty This past week I've had *no* energy to do anything  so I've been sleeping a lot, poorly.
i've lost so much already and just when i become happy again i lose a whole lot more. my family is being torn apart 
a lot of mushy stuffs today.. 
@icecreamchic Hahha , nah , It's just funny that you'd say that. I &lt;3 you &amp; will miss you a lot ! 
@zoecorkhill I work with a load of women. Unfortunately they're all a lot older than me 
Wants too have lots of energy, but im just so tired 
@jenniferbromley I hate that!  It happens to me a lot 
@AndrewThorpe if only! No such luck, It's just a lot of powerpoint slides. 
found a lot of good stuff today. hay.  
@xolindseywarren sale was ok. wasn't too interested with a lot of things bec the ones i wanted were still mahal 
@whoisariston I know how you feel. It's such a lot of money for something you can roll yourself a lot cheaper 
@estripe4 @c0pperboom @carriegirl @drofpain I miss you ladies a lot 
I'm sad about jon and kate..srsly the media made everything a lot worse! I hate when the media turns vicious..its really scary.. 
criss cross makes you jump! thnax a lot @bgouvern! 
@bettybubble seems like a lot of thrift stores are becoming that way lately.  
@richardveryard Cheers, but looking for a way to apply rounding to lots of numbers, in bulk... 
@kendravvv I think you should just call me whenever you can. I have a lot of stuff to do including how I'm getting my phone 
Is up and has a couple strands to run 
@londonsymphony lots of music down here (we never stop!) but rarely big names and never free like todays proms based initiatives. 
Unpacking is a lot more fun than packing.  I don't want to go back to the old house again. 
has a lot of art to be done, and no time  http://plurk.com/p/13y98j
@allstarsonline puff, a lot of nice/talented ppl is leaving this world.. 
@JonathanRKnight hmm you have a lot to say tonight! That's great!  Of course, here I am up late reading it. haha
@axisportals scowls are a lot more temporary than adulthood 
@rashmid congratulations!! tht makes a lot of us very very happy. 
@alix_says, it's just like school except there's even more homework and everyone's a lot nicer (normally) 
loves having a lot of work that needs doing, this should keep me occupied for the next 2 days.  http://plurk.com/p/mzyb1
@MyNews24 No such thing as too many public holidays  I'm looking forward to lots of chocolate too!
i just cut my hair and it actually looks a lot better ahaha 
Because of @Kells1 I've been singing &quot;I'm a little teapot...&quot; for days now. 
@onmejack a lot of people say they can't run because it's too boring but I can daydream for hours about all sorts 
@just_reva why jus a politician? there are lots of other very worthwhile targets 
There are a lot of new ideas I want to write down, now.  *excited.
@ferretprincess The word cloud is very alarming...I say good a lot apparently. I like that though.... 
@amous got a lot to do today... will try to squeeze in some painting too 
@stbo I'm getting old 3: I talk a lot about thinking. And think a lot about getting old. 
@dougiemcfly you tell a lot of what my mum calls 'porky pies'. you ARE grown up anyway  i think you should reply to me...... x
@twinkleboi You do a lot of talking fella - got your arse in gear (in a nice way) 
@melsutton wow, no kidding... lots of cataan players out there. guess I can give it a go... 
@amandapalmer feel better! take some airbourne, lots of vitamins 
@selenagomez how sweet!!!!!!!!!  i spend most of my dayd shared with plenty of kids, i actually have a lot of friends who arnt my age
@senseandsounds @iahmike @sproffit @bigbri @takeorey are for sure. There are a couple of maybes which hopefully turn into Yeses. 
@OfficialAshleyG I cant believe how down to earth you seem.. its a nice change from a lot of other celebrities 
@star6411: trust me, it gets a lot easier. I first started on here like, WTF? I don't get it...now it's pretty cool. 
@xashleyx3 aww i'm happy to finally got a chance to talk to you again and thank you so much.. that means a lot to me 
@vickytcobra that's a good start though! at least you've cut down a hell of a lot 
@bluvox thank you! I really feel a lot better today so I think your good wishes helped! 
@robferreira ahh! that makes a lot of sense! I'm relieved to know that the problem will be fixed  we need some consistency
@fallen_angel16 That's a whole lot of giraffes! Yay. 
I think there are a lot of Romanians here  #asot400
a lot of you guys asked me about my age. i'm 17 now. now you know  xo
is gone... working and it's goingt to be lot of fun and lot oaf laughing 
@Tyrese4ReaL yeah i lol a lot 
@TracyLynnDeis oh, and one more important person.. who knows a lot (just like you  meet @MisterNoodle
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep... so i do that a lot. 
@Buildabear96 haha thank you!  i get that a lot. lmao.
@JohnjayVanEs Sneak out..??..You shoud have ran it. A lot easier than you think or it may look! 
@AFineFrenzy i like that a lot. it really does make sense, huh? 
@selenagomez i love you so much. you're so beautiful! and you just seem just so great. I'm your age (16)  and have a lot of like
@Garbinaa AH! you dont know how much i miss yu. text me in the morning  or after u see this &lt;3 love you miss you a lot!
@lorcanw Just because it doesnt have high production values doesn't make it bad!  I'm enjoying it quite a lot!
@cheetz that's a lot of sushi, congrats! I'm still far away from that mark 
On my way out to snowboard in lots of fresh pow!!  weeeee
@SurrendrDorothy i like the fay weldon quote a lot 
@bngr There certainly are  I'm connected with a bunch of them.
@macintom site doesn't seem to want to load up, they must be getting a lot of hits 
That was freakin' hard, but a hell of a lot of fun. 
@amous I was agreeing with you.  if people want to save themselves a lot of trouble - keep on straight and narrow 
@YasVanBuuren only the last couple of tracks  #asot400
visited lots and lots of candy shops 
has been shopping and bought a lot .  weathers so nice today!! someone come round?
@marykir If you use it a lot, it makes sense, if only once in a while, it's a luxury. And you could put a new dvd and popcorn inside! 
@mahardy You are correct - I see that 'typo' a lot. 
@jacqueline47 yh I was, and drinking a lot of G&amp;T in the process 
@tanyaashwood  hey  thnx a lot, u did ur part in stoppin human traffickin. . . .
@emmy563 yes i heard it and i think she could win because she won a lot of jobs  so it could be true but i'm not shure. what do you think?
going to lions choice then I get to go home and do lots of laundry 
just realized: may be tons of people followin u, but its a lot cooler if you have more following you than you following them. You follow? 
@kimshahan lol Actually it feels good and makes me smile a lot!   
Dolphins  lots of them bow-riding us
@dougiemcfly I bet you liked that penis a lot then 
@dabbotts thanks! lots more to do in the next couple of weeks, but that was a biggie for sure! 
Still has lots of easter eggs to munch on 
@SillySoul yeah tues i think because i have to do my cleaning  i need a lot of things.. lysol.. febreeze.. new vacuum bags!!!
wow! a lot of new beta testers this weekend. hope you folks are having fun...(and reporting bugs) 
@aghman I can give you lot of suggestions about swearing!! eheh! 
should get up lot's of packing and sorting to do 
@johnnydina hehe use your imagination i have a lot of hidden talents 
@dltq On a brighter note - the sad level of misinformed analysis means we've got lots of work to do for many years to come 
ps. i swear a lot 
Cutting out bits for my new quilt. Liking this one lots 
@laylasilbert thankyou  i got lots of clothes some money some jewellry and lots of other little things  have a nice day x
right onward, lots of work to do, well when I say lots it's not like I'm gonna do it 
http://twitpic.com/3nfbt lots of noises but I guess you can't hear them 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE 8 miles...impressive. you use  a lot, it's how i determine who's on myspace, naps are love, chat soon
I feel a lot better!!! All i needed was to sleep and rread 250 pages of maximum ride 
@FakerParis Yay!!! I've kept his page open for a whole day before, listening to him. I'm happy you're well today! 
@therealprincess they come n go, you'll get plenty more soon, 
@ivanvanderbyl they also tend to jump around a lot, which is another peeve 
@jenciTN so just buy lots of forever stamps before increase. 
P.S. I've lost count of the times my knees have turned to jelly and I've gone arse over tit, human snowball style 
@JessiO Congrats you, hope it's a fun job and you get to meet a lot of new and exciting people 
I have a lot of reasons to be optimistic. 
@beccawatts I'll keep an eye out for you although you'll probably be a lot faster than me 
Wow, lots of work today! And I wish everybody lots of lessons on this #teachertuesday 
gtg... lots of things to do in so little time  http://plurk.com/p/pbmp7
@librarianbyday It gives you a lot of flexibility and more earnings 
@cosmond thanks a lot for the mention - great to be listed! 
@CLIOAwards I have a lot of favourite ones, like 45 or 7 .. But what I like more, is how you display data after answering a question 
kirsten has passed out (ouch) and gone to doctors, being drop dead gorgeous is a lot more dangerous than it used to be!! 
@SOOMOO99 tbh i think player-wise we're not far short; it's more attitude that was the problem.  and we know billy's got lots of that 
@ianfnelson It drives me mad because I feel like such a n00b at #openspacecode - LOT of talent there 
Going nite nite twitters  have a lot of things to do in the am....
@lynnnein I've always been fairly comfortable in my skin, but I've ironed out a lot more growing pains now. 
i am kicking crit week's ass!! I have done 6 out of the 16 things on my checklist and i still got a whole lot of time 
@jobadge thank you! Needs a lot of work but already a billion times better! 
@franzne lol. what are the termites doing? hahaha ) wow francine! you have lots of stories to tell.  hehehe!
@MoMacProject That means a lot to me. 
Morning you lot 
@glasgowpodcart cheers much  same, you are a cracking bunch of people. was a lot of fun last night. now the for the recovery...
@KingLomo that's a lot of pictures 
@somagames I've got a lot of people locally interested in the game.  we forgot to try to install it tonight though. will tomorrow.
@annwhit haha I think I need to chill, suns shining n lots of emily faces around 
@Felyx thx a lot 
@extractors Been seeing a lot of that lately (bad) Actually helps me stay away from going that route (good) 
Today is prom! I'm so excited but have lots and lots of stuff to do today. 
@thebakerygirl I've been cleaning a lot lately haha. You'll feel so good when you're done 
@sherryinbc We are a package deal; me and my doggies  I tend to talk quite a lot about them.
@can1315 All sent!! There are a lot but I go camera crazy and, as far as I kno, each pic is different in some way 
I love @meredoodlexo lots  that made my dayyy
@claudia215 and when he said reminiscing. i liked that a lot 
@pdpl  not a whole lot    i'm new to this haha
@Queenlibs not a whole lot. enough to make me angry though 
going camping tonight ... ...  let's look on the bright side: there will be lots and lots of alcohol 
@ralphclaxton What a great place! The kids will like it a lot 
@nibbler That's hardcore and all sorts of old school  I am liking textmate a lot for various reasons. Bells and whistles galore.
@cutiepie04ct its just a lot of work... but the ladies look nice,, 
@KylieDunkley I'm so ready for a holiday!! U've really got me hooked on twitter now! 
i think got a tan! wow. thank you sun!  today was a lot better then i thought. met some cute people..... hello! 
@vitty10 thnx a lot! 
@markbowen That's a lot of fingers on the screen at once! No wonder you beat my score! 
@brinnlene eds!!! doing ok, eating plenty of veggies and having a lot of quiet time  how are you?
@OlorinLorien LOLI've only been up 20 mins, I am showered and dressed but, not done anything with my hair, looks hilarious 
A twitter slut is someone who twitters a lot. And I mean a lot 
@aatw A lot of reading, skimming, and unsubscribing from particularly noise feeds. 
Getting a lot of compliments &amp; loving it 
@surachart @siprasad  hehe I already did a dark copperish over the front spikes , it was enough to give lots of mgrs hrt attcks 
@Kazcita love newcastle..brings back a lot of childhood memories 
@heathwiggins Oh righto. Haha, I've never even watched the show before. 
@EllaPaigeBabe i like ur voice a lot  i'll watch the whole page later. i'm sorry, i have to go to work now. xo
Anyone here play Millsberry? I've played it for a few years and love it! I've also started to blog about 
@justbecos thank you  twitter has definitely helped a lot
done a couple of past papers 
@mav160 lots of security 
@lonejohnny lol that's a lot better.  and good morning to you too.
@crozzylicious I like beer. I like it a lot  michelob golden light.
@LittleFletcher yeeeey go ewan!  you are capable of singing wonderfully just have to work it a lot.
@jeffhibbard Someone had a lot of time on their hands. 
lots of lovin 
@thisisnotsammie thanks!!! it was  lot more fun to run a half-marathon than i expected 
@chloes2davis oh good, saves a lot of effort 
@finestimaginary have lots of adventures for me!!! 
@mjcostajr On the other hand, I'll be there were a whole helluva lot of people washing their hands! Not a bad thing  #hcsm
@morsini14 : lots of trash talking. i get it. 
@tracielyn59 I imagine he does that a lot 
@galadarling There's a lot more to it than that. 
@housechick did you miss a couple me's LOL 
@ophieracine and i decided were going to be philosophers because we think a lot. 
you mean a lot to me  whattt?! haha
Has lots of interstate trips coming up! 
@coreyanderson well now our schools are starting to feel the impact so now we're pushing forwarded on a lot more stories 
@shanselman http://twitpic.com/4j30t - Looking good, but I still think that looks like a lot of holes!  
@ohsocarly thanks you  love you lots
@KennyofAstro yes sir, you have lots of potential, good stuff keep it up 
@gregorybodnar pretty cool huh? And yes- we live just round the corner from it so get to quite a lot 
@Raeknightowl @KnightOlw89 castles, forths too lol a lot of interesting thing 
Oh, the annual tax filing - always a pleasure  ...freelancers have a lot to file...
@twobirdlindsay i like tegan and sara a lot too! follow them @theteganandsara 
would like to say that @lipmag is awesome in a zillion different ways. 
@zombiegrrl99 thanks, i feel a lot better now.. but it hurt like hell!!!  good luck with the lousy student writing. 
i wear a lot of white  http://tinyurl.com/dlbltg
@Tigressreow Wow thanks a lot!  I can't believe I didn't think of that. XD
(We got *both* kinds of music here...) 
F.Y.I. a lot of you people that are following me i have unfollowed a lot of you  yer kinda boring me or not really helpful to my e-growth!
have i ever mentioned i love ellen? a lot 
is planning her week, its going to good, going to get a lot of stuff done 
Getting a lot done in the office already. It's good to be here early! 
damn. me and sophie tweeted a lot yesterday. well, it seems like a lot to me anyway. 
End of the academic year brings in a lot of mood swings ... Just recovered from some serious hypertension 
Toasting what seems to be 100 waffles for the 4 farmer kids. They sure eat a lot. 
so I slept in a little...well a lot. whooops 
@huma_rashid aww how cute  I like that song a lot
feels accomplished!!!  She got a lot done today! http://plurk.com/p/stns9
@nathydiaz it was ok after all. a couple of things made us late and stuff but after we got there we had a lot of fun. 
my teeeeeeeeeeeeeth, hurt a lot. The mall was funnn today, i made 10dolla, not 15.  better than nothing, right?! HEHE.
@tamamic - Definitely following @TorontoStarMaps - I've been &quot;following&quot; the creator of this feature since 2005! 
In weho! They're are playing a lot of brit 
i love my babe so much, he really means a lot to me 
@alyssacalderon  I love you too! I'm kinds reading. But you can call if you'd like
@error505 - well i greatly appreciate your comment.  That means a lot to me.  I'm working on both of them...work in progress, you know.  
@DanInBarca mmMmMm I've been craving sweet potatoes and almonds I'm going to have to incorporate those super foods tomorrow 
time always seems to fly when im with wade, its weird; but i like it... a lot! 
@deadmanwade awwww ray you're the best.  it means a lot to me that you say that! i can't wait to hang with you again, hopefully soon!
@insteadofdeath this is really helpful,  you swear a lot, i just realized. haha.
@lnlne fantastic  pics? i have a lot of love for your city too.
Just threw up everything i ate yesterday but feeling a lot better now 
@selenagomez SEEEL! just came to say I admire you a lot! you're the best and I try to follow your steps 
nice, followed a tweet to its owner and found a lot of my favourite magicians in the follow list 
@heyguata that's awesome! when do you start? and get ready to be abused... a lot. 
@scifitv That's heaps cool 
@fattony69 you just have to jump in  I've been having a lot of fun with social media
i really love when @michcrip stalks me on this  definitely missing tally and my sisters a lot!!
@jennilim @chawesome yay! excited! we have a lot to catch up on. 
@_iLoveIsaiah  theres a lot of things that remind me of you  &lt;3 especially airplanes and helicopters lol
kevjumba and i would make a lovely couple! 
@sarahkaminsky That's a lot of procedural crime solving in one sitting. 
@rainnwilson  I like you a lot! You make me laugh!
@justinaivy really?? Aww bby you mean so much to me  I'd do a lot for you.
@iphoneincanada @graceeechen Thanks guys, means a lot 
@aileen2u2 I did laugh at them, can relate to a lot of the kid stuff.  Thanks for sharing 
will now leave the house. lots of things to do today. 
is feeling a lot better today. 
@coolrelaxed yeah I have a lot of hair and its not pieces I bought from the beauty supply store 
@wolvsterx I already feel a lot better after a good night's sleep, thanks! 
Starting a new day with lots of things ahead of us! 
@ilan_peer no, just wondering... looks a lot like you 
 my mouth feels a lot better people 
@OakleighVermont hey there thanks for noticin'   you've been very kind for a while &amp; it's appreciated a lot  - good company
got a lot of fish, puuuuhhhh... 
ay hello cupcakes. I can't wait to meet the girls tmr!!! I swear I miss them A LOT more than a lot! hakhakhak. popeye tmr!! weeeeee 
@RoadVirus27  re: veterans highway--well at least there are plenty of pauses to reflect.... 
@MrGoogleAlerts Thanks a lot! And kudos for being so observant! You really caught me in a time of need 
@betweeted_com I agree there are a lot of robots around here we human lets stick togheter 
@Snythare it went quite well, I hope  I didn't think the food was so great either. Thesause smelled a lot!
working from home is interesting...my emails are a lot more thorough - perhaps the lack of distractions make them better 
@tommcfly i just use tweetdeck...is more interesting   .. and cool..... ... addicted a lot..  =D  xxxxx
@ksclarke that's a lot of expectation to heap on one listserv 
we were defintally laying in the middle of a parking lot, tanning, in the dark 
@officialmila ... were different, and I simply knew you as the 'girl across the street', we'd of had a lot of good times. 
is attempting to leave the parking lot at zootopia 
@tdpolancic Thanks it was a lot of fun - glad there are a couple of other tweeters out there! 
@katgio87 it's okay, wedding showers are way scarier than regular showers. For starters, there's usually a lot more people! And presents 
@robnutmeg Lots and lots!  There are lots of people here... :giggles:
got to help get the motorcycle running tonight, that was a lot of fun... even tho i didn't really do anything other than hand him tools 
@christinelace but eugene's a lot cuter haha 
Wow. I feel a lot better now. 
@davidj505 a lot better yes  thanx yay..
@yonderboy Of course there is plenty of good things  We recently updated a number of plans so its probably worth a look.
going to downloadd the songg jessnadlisa sang in the paring lot i think its amazing 
@joshtastic1 awwwh make sure you drink lots (if possible) then 
@gfalcone601 dont you think jade was a lot better, i do  pleaseee say hi to me pleasee x x x x x x x x love you x x
@fallenstar_ lol, you need to watch top gear it'll teach you lots 
@behi_at thanks a lot!  i still have to practice a lot I think ;-)
@guittaraxx i didnt disagree.  i was only saying that he looked alot better than the photo shows. i cant see the remblance. but thanks.
has green fingers,  and likes it. A lot. 
@hollie_ she probably won't, as she's not the singing guest. But she'll talk a lot  
@ColinScuba got it in ONE!!  couldn't believe it - got flashbacks of all kinds
says shemay. 142 responses and a lot more without. huh?! (okok) haha! amp. kaya to! AMP!  http://plurk.com/p/ucv34
http://twitpic.com/5d0c0 - rained a lot last night! look at these carrots 
I finished a treasury again: http://bit.ly/mDCHi  with lots of colors  now back to work! :-D
@hallucinations Oh thanks a lot! I am actually in the process of writing my next post now! 
@niamhums DO IT! I want to see all you lions again, yesterday was a lot of fun 
@coldplay you tweet a lot huh? cool. 
@michellegreer  ya there are a lot of them out there. It's fun to find them.
has calmed down a lot  ... and just started panicking again - hurray!
@sepiaverse You guys could get together and set up screenings via a digital projector.. I'm sure it'd be rich. There are a lot of us. 
I got a lot accomplished...gives me an excuse to go shopping 
@cpost : i hope you took a lot of pictures during your cruise too. 
@sepiaverse hehe.. I lived through a lot of horrors in that hostel.  so I understand 
I love him lots! :] *OJDL* 
@carliijonas01 yes you would.. its awesome!? They do a lot of events here!?  where do u live??
@coreyhaines it was awesome having you here! Thanks a lot for joining in!!! 
I keep stepping over where dogs *should* be, but aren't. I'm falling a lot 
going now, blimy i have posted a lot  bye tweets
@AiyerChitra what you said makes a lot of sense - that's all 
@mahika what was that link again. I wanna take a look @ it and bookmark it  would make it a lot easier on my brain. It hurts after that!
It occurs to me that I have a lot of clothes! 
@TehGrumpyDude @nickgravelyn I like to think I helped popularise it, just to annoy you lot 
Also, on not so good a note, I've been nursing a very, very bad back, with lots of meds. They worked too. Much better now 
i can't believe i haven't updated much while i'm on vacation.. haha.. been to a lot of places.. 
@ThisIsRobThomas aw i just want to say that i love you two as a couple 
I did a lot today. I'm proud of myself. And I organized a lot of things too. What a productive day. Next time I'll do my homework too. 
@veereyes awesome ! i have lots to tell you too ! i can't waitttt ! 
@dimas1829 that's like... a lot of pages :p good luck, you can do it! 
@JustmeMrsE I'm happy for you!  we are a special bunch
I back, finally I ate tacos with lots of guacamole!  that make me so happy
@ComedyQueen always better to have a bunch of keys than fewer options 
@JordanCorinne Yay? Haha  I've heard it's a lot better than his old stuff apparently.
@PapareBoy @thejester100 you two make a cute couple. You go well together 
@terraphim heh heh heh, we are a sad lot. 
The last couple days have been so much better thanks to lots and lots of massages. Going to chiropractor tomorrow for another massage. 
@aramadge I saw that comic earlier and laughed a lot 
is uber tired and but has a lot of energy left 
@camcalupitan i have a lot of things to do eh hahaha i need a much needed cantina bonding. friday? 
Is just now coming In from the gym. A lot of stress was relieved. 
@HOTTVampChick  LOL! I've actually seen some fans who are like 14, haha.
@hhummingbirdd lol. cool layout.  lots of cute guys. 
@andyclemmensen aww you poor thing i am not sending any angry letters i do love you  a lot ahahaha wish i coulda made it to sydney though
Sims 2 was a lot of fun, i've played it a few times lately to get ready for the 3rd one.. i guess you could say i'm excited  @CaptHazard
@JoleenChaney you went to a lot of trouble for romy &amp; michele. hope they were worth it!!! 
@NightWolf09 hey thanks again for your and arthurs support and for everything you have done  for me this far. I love you to a lot 
@AlishaV 14! Wow that's a lot of kitties!!I'm sure their point gets across 
cupcakes! lots and lots of pretty cupcakes.... 
@anthonyblears Thanks a lot! will check them out   do you think 'freelancing' is valid for skilled migrant?
a lot to do.. 
@hopefulauthor there's a lot of it about. I blame mondaymorningitis. 
says however, hyperdrive mind = lots of ideas, so if I can remember them all, I'll write em down  and hopefu... http://plurk.com/p/uj8ng
@lilyroseallen I'm sure you could say something a lot worse instead 
@DanielMiller89 its all good!   I am sure u have a lot to offer both sides with pics... 
Doing a lot of ass kissing to teachers today... It doesn't exactly bother me! 
@jhillstephens lol makes a lot of sense to me! 
had a lot of fun today 
@Littleh77 yeah it's great, did u get my new number at the weekend? Apparently a lot got it twice, good job I get free texts 
Pilates is a lot harder than it looks... not getting out of this chair again for the rest of the evening 
loves her puppy lots especially when he is all cuddly and nice 
@GameHaxe - it's okay, I'm stationary an awful lot, so have little else to do 
@nikkihayes hey cheer up. it could be a lot worse. 
@erichv was asking the Q as some noobs have ask me - one can learn a lot by observing and then throw yrself in, me? I jumped in 
Chocolates and lots of them 
@darenBBC my  #underapound treat  have lots of ideas, my kind of budget!  here is a current favourite of mine http://twitpic.com/4c39c
@MrsBriggles it's a lot easier when you can expense stuff to a small business 
@TraciKnoppe I've been blocking a lot more tweeps lately. No image or @ 's but just links. I may be blond but I'm not stupid. 
@buffyc you can do a *lot* worse - go for it! and enjoy it 
@FlorianYoga t.y.  You seem nice. I'd ask you out but don't think I can deal with social stigma of being 1/2 of a white and green couple.
@seblefebvre you must have a lot of comments 
@metalouise  You're loving the crochet aren't you? I wish I could but it bugs me a lot.
@Porfix that is the beauty of berlin, all the most awesome underground and edgy parties, with a lot hot guys to boot 
@PinkCandyCross sweet! What kind of consert? There are a lot of free ones during the summer, like kulturfestivalen 
@BrandyandIce Raised just over 2.5k...so think that counts as lots!  x
@sanguish there was a lot to enjoy, vidually speaking. I wouldn't worry too much about it. 
alannah heree being gay  but i love her lots xx
@laurawilbury sure  thanks a lot!
@amckiel thanks a lot for the inspiration  I guess u went live in the middle of the night so I could not follow
had a really tiring day with a lot of technical shoots and apple eating! 
@moccacino And thanks for inspiring the list - you should recognize a lot of things in there 
@Wacksters ahhhhh!! you're home! have fun my dear! do lots of fullertonian things for me 
@speedbump78 watched a lot of latino, brazilian and the exotic south american ones. lol. Now i am guilt ridden. 
Lots of excellent #followfriday suggestions for you - I'll do them all later 
@faradilakeiko aah masa cuma ketemu bentar, huhu want to tell you lot of stories 
@shaundiviney @bradiewebbstack @andyclemmensen all 3 of u guys are trendy a lot!! 
@ditut I will. Thanks a lot ya 
@MakerOfShadows which movie? I watched a lot today 
@ladyofnoman I wish you a fast recovery, drink a lot of water, it help a lot 
I will miss them all a lot when our review ends  aaww!!
been doing a lot of thinking...  that's dangerous.
morning all  just been for a shower feel a lot better now 
@aalaap cool, thanks a lot for this  I'll send you the mail in about 6 hours...
Yay for parking in the main lot 
feels a hell of a lot better now! 
7 contests added today. That lot should keep you lot happy this weekend 
@beerjudge dr testing.  That sounds like an awful lot of fun.  
@philhart lots of apps, lots loading in bg, i was too scared to look. No coffee or dark choc but we did eats lots at gold class movies  
just started playing pet society. thanks to those who reserve a nice lot for me in town. 
have a lot of ouch from circuits ... at least I think this time my sides are not hurting 
@willtompsett for your #followfriday tip great laugh, needs to loved a lot but worth it 
FollowFriday @susanlinger @jackiebrass  &amp; whole lot more really great people that I really do follow but this week these interacted w me 
@LauraCarmosino Aww, thanks so much! Means a lot! 
@ShannonCherry  it was a lot of fun... good crowd &amp; I got great feedback.... I hope to post up a video soon 
@Purpleninja17 thank you trevor larson that meens a lot 
@valeriecomer Be sure to say how it turns out! I'm all kinds of curious. 
@JoanLove I just saw your comment, and realized you disabled yours! But thank you babe, that means a lot  i love you!
@Timen don't know.. try to work at coffeeshops a lot 
@ChefPatrick - It is for sure... I am new to twitter so to speak so I have a lot to learn 
time for a quick tweet! so busy with lots of exciting things in the pipeline 
@kashkasanova yeah u should totally write him a song I'm sure it would mean a lot especially coming from u 
@coffeeandbikes that's ok! i was hoping to get you when you were still tweeting a lot  thanks for trying.
@StitchinSista LOL couldn't help but smile! i feel like that a lot!  keep playing, i say!
@akomuzikera thank you too.  that's true, when i write, a lyric is normally attached to a melody or even a harmony. i enjoy it a lot. 
sitting at home chillin after smokin.. i feel a lot lot better 
This boy I like thinks I'm cute  and I like it...a lot oh and him. I like him a lot too 
@redemption2005  Not a heck of a lot m'dear. And your fine self?
@davidlongshot i don't know a lot of people. you make no sense. 
@JonathanRKnight It seems like a lot of people are going to bed.  Now would be a perfect time to tweet 
@cursedbyevil I know!! We are a pitiful bunch tonight, the lot of us! 
someone made me laugh a lot today... 
@K8cash u been having a lot of trouble sleeping! That sux, well have a good nite ! 
@david_hay and i thought i drank a lot of coffee! I am a light weight 
I love orange juice with lots and lots of pulp. 
@broski499  it takes a lot of skill and patience. 
@markhoppus i'll take a couple! haha 
@theDebbyRyan that quote means a lot; its like finding the best feature of a bad situation- there's always at least one out there 
Going through the #sytycd timeline and finding interesting comments. Lots of fun 
@Alexcached  hahahaahahahaha.   yeah lots of caffeine! 
@SandiHockeyMom : a lot of hot ladies huh? 
@mfokp Thanks so much!  I appreciate that a lot.  There was a lot of mucking around, but it came together rather nicely, it seems.  
@scttw thank you  means a lot.
@romanandreg i agree with you. i am currently reading chapter 6. #haskell has a lot of powerful semantics. looking forward to find more 
@iphonehelper786 Its actually a lot stronger material than I thought it would be. 
@enricoeric Yes, starting to look tomorrow  I will show pics.  I have a lot of love to give...
@DJIronik Morninggg  I've been woken up by my sister listening to your album! wooooo
I am going to get lots and lots of revision done today and may go at sit in the sun and do it in a while 
@dotnetaddict though I have to say it's a very rewarding thing to do... just a lot of hard work 
