Most common words for this cluster:
[('lunch', 1076), ('today', 61), ('time', 57), ('break', 51), ('food', 39), ('day', 34), ('dinner', 30), ('breakfast', 29), ('work', 27), ('lol', 26), ('amp', 23), ('hungry', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'lunch', 0.9494383335113525), (u'meal', 0.7348459959030151), (u'breakfast', 0.7185266017913818), (u'lunches', 0.7162145376205444), (u'dinner', 0.6965703964233398), (u'Michael_Auberry_vanished', 0.6675052642822266), (u'Lunch', 0.6598422527313232), (u'lunchtime', 0.6476472616195679), (u'supper', 0.641994059085846), (u'brunch', 0.6371904611587524)]





@rumblepurr lol.. wish they understood daylight savings has ended though and breakfast is an hour later  They keep waking the kids up too
just got to work and am so ravenous have eaten my gipton steak &amp; branston sarnies. Now I'll have to buy something for lunch!!   doh!
oh but damn..fried screwing up me lunch 
enjoying lunch at the lake of constance - uh that would be cool! but impossible 
having lunch on my desk while i work 
eating lunch... forgot to get home cooked food this morning 
@danfairs cheers dan, is for a Notes developer at the university. 3 hour lunch break now 
Going out for lunch with mum, but I feel very sick and don't want to eat 
just had my lunch and did my chores  boring....
lunch was disappointing 
http://twitpic.com/2yc8x - And this guy was eyeing me off for his lunch!!! 
my lunch was awful. 
So tired. No money for lunch 
Already hungry for lunch and it's not even 11:00 am yet.  
is eating lunch by herself.. i dont like being in these situations.. they suck.. 
instantly regret eating mini pizza. wish i had time this morning to pack lunch  run 1mil miles later?
hungry for breakfast. this would mean putting on pants and going outside in the rain.... 
@kristosbaby lol mee too  although it's more to do with how skint I am  We shall all need to get a wee lunch sometime soon though!
going to call pizza hut delivery for lunch. nobody is at  home 
on my lunch break. still tired 
just after lunch, now back to the english 
@lalonde: I was late to have lunch... started feeling cold and lethargic 
What should I eat for lunch? I forgot to bring food to work 
I've just eaten 1/2 my lunch and its only 7am 
Morning, bathed, ate breakfast and ready to go, school in 30 mins 
rite....i'm off......gota try and finish this assignment before it's vue in.....no lunch for me 
microwave popcorn for lunch 
The bell should have rang for lunch by now  i need the toilet!
@marcflores hope you can deal with the smaller british portions at lunch 
just had a measly bowl of soup 4 lunch... I am NOT full   x
was lazing in the sun... now lunch is over  Bad times
back from lunch! sleepier than before  mondays suck
up, washed, cleaned, wee'd, eaten, packed lunch, ironed and its 20 past 8, amazing! had a rough nights sleep! 
ugh,  mat was on lunch but lunch wasn't ready....  
Has coffee made and lunch made and is heading off to work yea! 
@Accessories_UK I wish I had some, I am beat today!  Just had fire warden training which didn't help and I forgot my lunch 
had a good lunch..i want to take a nap...but back to work 
Eating lunch..just came back from school with the bike.   I hope these guys have fun eating there ice 
@bignifmusic  I'm gunna cry like at lunch!
eating pasta for lunch now and just realize my assignment due is on may 6th !!shitzzz!! still missing rory! 
lunch time,  great
Sobbing over the passing of my lunch date @RalfTheHamster - I can not be expected to go to work in this state of grief 
disappointing meal from #laddas tonight  that what i get for being lazy
just got back from my mothers store...i went to replace he for a while this morning... now i'm going to lunch...alone...  lol
doing lunch with ange. back to work in 10 
Up at 9:30 for &quot;moon&quot; #tff2009 - no time for breakfast - my last actual meal was yesterday's lunch 
just woke up. eating breakfast/lunch. then out to the beach for my last day here 
toronto zoo failed  didnt go   onto lunch!
i'm wrong, i need to go out and have lunch. 
@binnyva The lunch is done there..? I didnt have mine yet  #bck5
so lazy to go out and have lunch 
@smallesttwine No lunching? 
say ttg  lunch is over http://plurk.com/p/rlpu3
Lunch breaks are boring. 
BUT... now *I* have to leave. so...  i'll be back. gotta heat up my kid's left over lunch for dinner. lol
too tired... that lunch was too long 
Just got back from lunch and back to work. ahhh food was great bt so full i feel sick 
why am i awake right now??? I have to go to work  and I have to wake up early to pack lunch i hate waking up in the middle of the night!
has a splitting headache. Probably from all the corndogs I had after lunch. 
@brookaz I miss the lunch dates too! 
lunch time ... 
just back from my lunch break 
forgot my lunch today 
is going back to the grind. lunch is almost over 
wants more lunch as her sandwich was insufficient. 
@shudson24 and it was just a pub for lunch and no one in it 
missing mommy to the max!!!!  no special breakfast/lunch for me !!! my mum's thousands of miles away.!  sob sob
I'm hungee... I haven't had breakfast, so now I have to wait for a roast lunch 
I am starving !!!! missed my lunch break now I'm pissed and hungry 
can't eat for at least an hour now  i want my duck for breakfast!
I'm so tiredddd, lunch is over  fuck
Eating lunch . . . almost time to go to work. 
Has noone fun to have lunch with 
@Jesster_Atlarge I ordered it through my local Barnes &amp; Noble, so no extras. I made enough 2 have 4 lunches, and leftovers. No guests 
i didnt go to abbis dinner, i sleep all afternoon and wake up too late to go  But i did go to samanthas birthday lunch, was goos though 
i didnt go to abbis dinner, i sleep all afternoon and wake up too late to go  But i did go to samanthas birthday lunch, was good though 
is waiting for lunch to come back 
is enduring horrible house music while eating lovely lunch, 
having a crappy day today  hopefully sushi lunch will cheer me up!
Shoot, I forgot to bring lunch. 
@dsupple  oh no  that shouldn't be allowed, maybe they could give you a longer lunch bread 
only has five minutes left for lunch!!! 
mmmmmm - sausage roll for lunch - now to the gym 
Bad lunch day at the office - feeling miserable (and hungry) now 
It's raining.  I thought I'd be able to get outside during lunch.  
@MrsSnaff friend if you had your lunch at 3 what do you call mine which i took at 5:30pm? 
had to miss out on lunch...random sickness  watching oprah's big give in bed
@snuffdigital damn! that sucks.   how long does lunch go for?
I sliced my thumb while cooking lunch... 
no more lunch break back to work  
i need some food, havent had a proper meal since lunchtime tomorrow 
@zoziekins it was weird to put it simply. i had eaten a wonderful lunch, and then got it back up  booo. i feel good now. very weird.
im away to have lunch... eurgh, i hate cheese!! 
doesn't feel like cooking lunch but has to.  And is craving Italian food. Blasts!
getting ready for lunch with lewis and then off to another day and work  so stop by and have a drink if you would like
apparently, i'm being a horrible person today by eating chips out of a bag and not wanting japanese food for lunch...  f that...  
No idea what to have for lunch 
Going for some lunch, my throat is killing me 
bugger. didn't put any fruit in my lunch. 
Getting hungry but lunch is so far away 
@3aneeda me too want lunch  9a7teen
@makauk you always seem to have nice lunches and here I am stuck with a salad.  lol.
french lunch 
hungry and not sure what to have for lunch coz i forgot to make sandwiches this am - canteen food not usually favourable 
In library, going for lunch then maths exam... 
@r4isstatic i think i have food poisoning  no lunch for us today i'm afraid...
mediocre noodles for lunch 
It's lunch time &amp; i was hoping a friend would join me but it looks like she's busy 
I may have over cooked my lunch  - http://yfrog.com/7g7vkj
I forgot my glasses. This is going to make an interesting day to see until lunch. 
@DrugCrazed I would have done, sadly it is too far from work to get there and back on lunch  all I wanted was to grab mah PEELS
@tinybabycece starving waiting for lunch 
@benvatner I don't even have time at lunch 
@amazingphoebe i really like them, i never went to the modbury canteen, i was like, it will never be as good as kildare 
There was a distinct lack of brownie in my lunch today. 
Chinese for lunch wasn't a very bright idea! I want my bed already! 
am feeling unpleasantly full from lunch 
@steersy1973 Drug rep paid for lunch, pizza and strawberries...yum. They won't pay for my dinner thou 
@oohafezah I didn't join the awesomely awesome lunch  bummer
maury finished  yummm lunch ;)!!! yes me still with grandma!
Lunch rush is over no more nice bums to perve on  ohp there's one.....
I'm hungry, and my lunch is at home in the fridge 
i'm soo ill  lunch soon tho
i forgot my lunch. and my lunch money. poo. 
at flat for lunch... then back to the grind 
lunch on my own again  not used to this
@jordansadler you here? We could have done lunch and rough trade! 
lunch looks llike baby food 
Lunch is going poo today. I've had a  well bad lunch day 
@docbaty Actually it could just be a way they can save cash.. no need to serve lunch/dinner 
I have thrown my delicious looking lunch all over the floor 
back from lunch and i'm issing you 
@Roninjinn I'm jealous! I wish I could have lunch with my fellow pirate and ninjas 
@ScottSanz  that is what i would prefer for lunch as well, but the office is having a 'welcome lunch' for new interns. meh. 
@perdie08 I wish you could come eat with us too! I miss having lunch with you 
The fruit was the only vegan thing at lunch today 
Just finished lunch...starting to get kimchi-phobia 
i had lunch downstairs...the others forgotten me n left for lunch...sadded 
still haven't got regular lunch friends 
@SITSGirls sorry for no reply earlier I had to hop on and off at lunch LOL I need gno to be on a sat or sun night 
lunch timeeeee... bye twitter 
lunch @ work and some unamed bint pinched the paper i wanted 2 read 
need to take a bath and eat lunch.. haha i still have my meeting this 3pm.. i wonder how will i get my final exam tomorrow ... bothered. 
is wondering what to have for lunch... Sianz.... 
want a nap instead of lunch 
@alperdotr i got bored   lunch time?
thinking about having lunch soon, but we have no food in 
It's 11:05 and I'm already on my lunch break 
The chicken noodle soup I made for lunch to feel better just burned my tongue . . .not a good day. 
Last lunch with the interns 
@diamondhead94 oh the noon? I don't know if I can make that one...I only get 30 min for lunch 
not eating lunch with my wife like I wanted to 
Wish I was eating lunch w/ @laddiecatherine and @ophieracine 
yeaaaahh lunch but no food/money 
@Blauerpunto britta says she wants to have lunch with you too 
I ate to much lunch...now I don't want to work 
is hungry, but can't leave for lunch 
Just got back from lunch and feeling more like a nap is in order than work  But I will press on!
@westerfield I picked up a taco over lunch... you got a guitar. 
@DJMagic aww i'm sorry!! I was rushing around on my lunch break so I didn't even think of it!! 
Oops, forgot we are having a barbecue at work today! I didn't need to pack a lunch after all 
So full from a great lunch and now stuck in traffic 
@NoraReed I forgot about it and I already ate lunch  so I guess I'm not going.
@ericcanaday is a no show for lunch. Eating solo at noodles 
lunch in the forrest ... its so baron.  fpu is so dead
Hey, @jonaknt I'll be in sa then  maybe if we cross highways we can grab lunch?
ugh, i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
lunch break's over, going back to work.... 
at panera for lunch  byyy myself  aww
@jmelencholy I'm having lunch already  ur a lil late buddy!
@pfchangs I can't direct message you for my free lunch 
lunch was depressing! All the seinors were balling! Really sad. 
fuuuuu, helllla sleepy, had no lunch, now I'm working 4 to 10... gota wait till 6 to eat. 
is thinking the subway we had for lunch made me really sick!! 
done wit lunch back to work 
@heyyitskate can't go after lunch  going hunting
too lazy to go out 4 lunch 
off out in a min  aww well free lunch 
i'm sooooo hungry , can u invite me 2 lunch ? , i'll be a good girl .. I promise 
@savoryexposure I'm doing the lunch shift  will you be at our tweetup weds nite at south city kitchen in vinings?
waiting for lunch and then going to my apartment to start packing sad i have to move out 
Just woke up and had lunch. I feel like I ate a cow, but all I ate was salade and fish 
Up late because I didn't sleep well last night  boo! Making lunch pancakes with vin.
Having McDonalds for lunch *fatty  *
Just finished lunch and getting ready to head to work 
I just inhaled my lunch 
Just wasted calories on the worst lunch 
leftover Chinese 4 lunch. it was bootie  time to get back 2 sewing. it's hot in here.
I'm eating breakfast at lunch time solo. 
Having lunch with my baby then work 
So sad I'm not and @exoticbarbies bday lunch with her and @haysmama.. 
@watevercaker patricia! i might not be able to do brunch on mon. i can do lunch? let me get back to you for sure tomorrow! smthng came up 
Just ate chipotle for lunch and heading back to work till 730p 
at food city trying to decide on lunch no lasagna  i learned my lesson yesterday
@FearlessJ yes. I have been just busy enough to not take a lunch break. But the board looks like I haven't worked much. 
Lunch is over, back to the grind 
@Mkenn076 it totes ruined my lobster lunch yesterday. I didn't eat any of it and brought it all home 
Going to yucky pho place for lunch 
will eat lunch now. i still miss you, beybeh  http://plurk.com/p/xb7zq
@gabanti aw, lame  I'm leaving at the beginning of lunch so I will get there early 
.Having lunch here at cafe mary grace. huhu will go home after 
I'm so frikkin' hungry, if I don't get lunch soon my stomach will digest itself. 
@calendargirl  i will find you for lunch! no worries!
Just went back from lunch and some small shopping. I played with my cat earlier. He wasn't so vocal... 
; don't want to go in from my lunch break cause its so nice outside 
I need to get ready to go 4 lunch!! 
I think I,ll have some sushi for lunch. I feel a little bit alone in here .... 
@HeartMileyCyrus i've got to goo  lunch is ready. see u!!! i love my buddieeee LOL
i've cheated on my diet so badly this weekend..  lots of chocolate and even had minimum chips from the fish &amp; chip shop today for lunch! 
@slimthugga ---hi , i want to be followed on here by you too. can you follow me? pretty please?  with a 4 course meal on top....
off to Calv, then lunch with s and b!...not a huge fan of idaho right now 
Put too much chilli into lunch, am now drinking about a litre of water between mouthfuls. 
just turned down the opportunity to get a delicious free meal, because I have/need to work on my dissertation... 
My lunch break is over so time to go back to work. I wish I could just go home now 
Only 7  shrimp 4 lunch  
at my lunch hour.....canned soup for me 
i'm so sad....some mean peoples robbed me for my lunch moneys last night. anyone wanna volunteer to buy me lunch today? 
top ramen for dinner last night, top ramen for lunch today, I will die an early death 
Eating lunch &amp; thinking how sad I'm going to be to leave the lake today. 
Really wants lunch... 
reeeeally not looking forward to tomorrow, 2 exams to fail    no lunch / break . aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh
kinda wish I hadn't eaten that veal sandwich for lunch  
In the lunch room, manager is talking racist jokes about the asian cleaners. 
had mustard greens as her lunch and they stink  
butt aching now frm vigorous cycling during lunch  http://plurk.com/p/xktwj
no restaurants, no shops open.... had tough time searching for lunch.... finally had some samosas 
headache....maybe coz skipping my lunch  
says another late late lunch for me  http://plurk.com/p/xlf64
@xbllygbsn oo you cant?  i'll finish yours off ;) lol jkjk :$. aaaaaah! lunch in 15mins! omgomgomg staaaaaaaaaaarving! lol :$.
@angiedarintip the thing is i had iberry's horlics choc cake for lunch and am still feeling sick 
Just had a walk in the park on my lunch break... it's too nice to go back to work  x
At work having lunch-tuna roll! Whoopidoo-not as exciting as yesterday  what a let down!! X
@carole_hicks Too far for me to go for lunch 
Rubbish lunch 
forgot my lunch today... 
I just had three courses for lunch, feel really sad about messing up my diet  going to do a hardcore exercise vid when I get home
@LizScherer influenced, but at some point, when you're an adolescent boy, drinking soda &amp; eating fries for lunch becomes the norm 
I forgot my lunch 
back to work... but started with a trip to the doc and I get to go to the dentist over my lunch hour! YAY... 
ripping cd's to my laptop to listen to on my flight in a few days. also, going to lunch with steve and lorraine. and working tonight 
Eating a gyro for breakfast at the airport. Probly gonna have lunch at sfo too, my flights at 1140 
pasta on the lunch menu as I forgot to bring lunch today, I think I'll have it for dinner. I could also use a nap but that won't happen 
@saynine lets jeopardize the lunch location for everyone. 
need to make lunch for kids - but eyes are constantly watering and i'm sneezing and stuffy.  not feeling very well today 
nothing for lunch 
Someone stole my lunch out of the fridge today 
@yoitbeseb is not here! Lonely lunch cigarette. 
@igorxa  I've already taken my lunch.
mums preapearing tea im so hungry, i didd'nt have lunch today 
forgot i had phone duty @ 1. remembered @ 12:55. no lunch for me. 
i'm going to make lunch and watch s. darko, even though jake gyllenhaal won't be in it. 
I hate driveby meetings.. now I have to go to a real one and miss my morning breakfast.. guess it'll be lunch 
10 more minutes until a pineapple-free lunch. 
Just dropped my lunch on the floor. 
They have no more ketchup at lunch. 
is eating his lunch at the park..by himself. That is sad. 
:l I'm finally able 2 get on here while on lunch &amp; every1 disapears but when I'm not on lunch every1 shows up. What up w/that??? 
Drinking my lunch... Not the greatest...I feel like I'm starvin myself. 
@roxiijonas yeah  are you bringing lunch tomorrow or buying it or going to the shop? &amp; no you dont haha! i still have so much to revise 
I forgot my lunch on my kitchen counter 
Eating lunch then work 5-12. 
@davidptdf tell me the fuck about it, i couldnt even buy me some lunch at wendys 
I'm soooo hungry! It's almosty 2pm and I haven't eaten/drank anything yet!!!! I missed breakfast and now it looks like I'm missing lunch 
Anyone know if u can buy over the counter ear drops? I was going to go to cvs on my lunch and buy some 
@HeyitsAPRIL lol yea! I keep thinking about what we're doing next lesson or what we're doing at lunch then I realise that it won't happen 
Someone should bring me lunch cause I have like no foods in my house 
I have 30 min till lunch is over 
so hungry I could barf, I'm waaaaaay late on lunch 
30 minutes of sleep + no lunch + fitness test = 
Sometimes it's a bad idea to join the coworkers to a late breakfast meal.  I fell like it's after lunch now and it's only 10:45am.  
Sugarsnap peas, carrots and califlower. what a lunch!  
@TamaraSchilling wow I had the same thing for lunch except no humus 
I'm like... starving. I haven't eaten anything since dinner  i'm one of those people that has 7 meals a day lol.
ate a sweetchilli chicken wrap for lunch, trying to be healthy, but it doesn't taste like either of those things. should've got a kebab 
off to have a late lunch! so so hungry! 
lunch changes to 12:10 2mrw for good 
@annabolic2000 rubbishness indeed  maybe go to greggs at lunch and buy mini cupcake as replacement?
i've had a small pizza for lunch, but it's bad when you cannot taste it 
no lunch 2day  mta arj3 elbeet!
i seem to have inhaled my lunch amazingly quickly 
@elizabethwong if its any consolation, my breakfast was my lunch and i think that's all i'm getting today 
@Clareybear I was on my lunch. They never blocked it previously 
Ugh hectic morning I forget my lunch I'm carrying a million bags with me &amp; I drop my I'd badge in the middle of the rd 
Just back from buying lunch (cottage cheese and avocado if you are interested)...weather far too nice for a windowless office 
 nothing with Lalalauren_ 1weikert 2hale 3.study 4morello 5hartley 6cardona 7lunch 8shongut
Getting some lunch in the sunshine, much needed after so much excel. 
Lovely chicken wrap for lunch, but now havin my brain kicked with more studyin 
@ebordenHU ooooo...I do! But I brought my lunch  maybe I'll eat early and then just come for the fellowship.
@davenavarro6767  no fair!! the 5 mins i leave to get lunch and i miss the ticket giveaway.
got four miles done this morning, garden burger for lunch... not looking forward to work 
@SewPixie my lunch wasn't that great either.  
Me and my brother were supposed to play basketball on my lunch break and now its raining 
Having lunch at my desk..huhuu  gotta finish a memo.. http://myloc.me/2rdr
had a lousy lunch 
my day was good until middle of lunch 
@kisstheLIP no  i want to catch all the new summer fish! we might go to the japanese market for lunch tommorrow ^^ you should come (:
Which sadist took my headphones away while I was off eating lunch? 
bread is baking ready for lunch with my lovely mummy today -I now need to tackle the housework 
I'm hungry  shouldn't skip my lunch everyday
why do i exactly start feeling hungry the moment i decide not to order lunch and others have already placed there orders 
thinking about what to have for lunch.... can't decide 
a not so great #subway for lunch 
I guess we can't go on lunch together dondon  or chrissyboo
i can't believe i spent $18 on lunch! sorry girls - i tink i'll have just plain water for dinner later! 
about to go out for an office lunch, i can only imagine the craic and banter about to be had 
@RowntreeGordo don't talk to me about marmite - I forgot to put some in my sandwiches, leaving me with a boring lunch 
i have made myself the most awful sandwich for lunch today... its falling apart in my hands  and just looks really miserable!
having some lunch then back to work 
@annettenaudin remind me to bring a packed lunch next time I come here 
Eurgh area mortgage manager in the tea room on lunch, working lunch then  suxzors.
eating some lunch and then going to start making notes on the english material. seriously need to crack on 
Is eating his lunch alone in the college restaurant. 
at work  but can't wait to go home for lunch to see my boys!!!
Realized she has no lunch &amp; no breakfast. What a way to start the day. 
feeling too lazy to cook lunch today  its gonna be masala maggi or hope satz has one of his lunch meetings
is going to an ortho appt, sleeping again, maybe lunch, bank, and viola's going away party  so sad.
@raretealady That sounds like a smashing lunch. I ate a sad soup at my desk 
@fu_schnick not sure I forgot my lunch on the kitchen table 
@kimberlinbolton I don't get lunch until later  I'm just fantasizing about it now 
@selyjonas mean knee sely  I'm hungry what's for lunch?
Where's my lunch? 
@fabglance1 I'm being over ruled. They want to order from a greasy burger &amp; fries place  I plan to win the lunch war!!! Lol!
Going to lunch for someone's bday and it sucks bc we are going to my favorite pizza place and i can only have a salad 
Aw my last real lunch 
started the day late.. missed out on lunch... 
lunch is boring no one is here 
in the library during lunch, nobodys in my lunch today 
So it's lunch time. I'm going to eat my organic burrito and try to churn out some chapter 8. But I'm distracted by bowties and ice cream. 
ate lunch in the wrong order... should've done desert first! Now I don't have room.  lol
I wish I had someone to eat lunch with.  It's friday.  
had fish for lunch...back still hurts  
I dont know what to eat for lunch....  food maybe....
waiting for johnny to bring me lunch then back to sf 
@nicheortiz what song? I'm at lunch 
@mike_chavez ahhh the luxury of lunch 
is eating lunch and dreading going to work tonight 
just had a very very fufilling lunch with my bff @starkid81...sooooo full!  I overate...ugh.starvation diet as of tomorrow!
Finally grabbing lunch ugh 
says i guess i need to eat lunch so i can do dishes.  http://plurk.com/p/yq16w
@YoungQ no worries rob, we all know what it's like when u've forgot something u need behind...2day went for lunch break - forgot wallet 
The sad thing about my #fatfriday lunch is that i ended up eating 2 toasts with chesse at 4:00  @MigueZablah
Lunch breaks just aint long enough 
@wonderweiss that was a maybe for lunch and it didn't happen 
Is sad that his lunch buddy is leaving him 
Off to lunch with my family oh how boring this will be 
today's lunch is from colonel sander's! reminds me of tia 
late the lunch made my side acid rise 
@sevgli She said she was going on a walk on the countryside. She had already eaten lunch and come back.  I think she's gone for the night.
Going to the gym for some cardio, then to pick some strawberries for a pie. Going to friends' house for dinner.. last time to see them. 
Eating lunch for breakfast. i hate the 11 o clock lunch 
Ive hardly eaten anything all mornin and i feel sick after eating my lunch 
so bored guys... don't want to eat lunch either   x
@Andywaine lunch was so crap!  
party tonight. the food looks amazing... i've not had lunch  rumbling tummy!!
@sorryabouthat henry! henri? YES! that is why i watch it. mmmhmmm. for breakfast, lunch, and dinner...bad joke. 
lunch, zoo, church, party, sleep, camp. weekends are short 
Headed to el charro for lunch! Then work at target 3:00-10:00 
@Speddj sorry about lunch 
I want some lunch. I probably should have had breakfast this morning 
Eating lunch. Laying out in the sunnn. If it ever stays out  then heading over to see anna.
Stopping for lunch and to stretch our legs it is windy 
About to eat a late lunch. I don't feel rested 
Stopping for lunch at taco bell, still have a while to go.  #seaworld #florida
Going out to lunch with the unofficial mother-in-law.  She bought cullen a tshirt.  
@Stormyiz i do i do. sadly i can't walk to texas station and back on my lunch break 
Just had arby's 4 lunch   glad it was free,
On my lunch, ughhh im so sleeepy 
There goes my lunch money. 
I'm really hungry now. I worked through lunch and took a nap through dinner 
@kaaatestrella!  why won't you pick up? i've been texting and calling you. can't join you guys for lunch tomorrow. hanging out with siete
Errrugh someone opened up my lunch bag up and didn't wrap it back up. 
@luannemanlapaz thanks lulu...you too ;) my lunch isn't that great...it was stock food since I am home alone  wish I had your chicken 
there is no food, again. i want dinner  or lunch or breakfast, really.
hates having a long sunday lunch with people who are less enthusiastic about consuming vino than she is. One glass for a sunday lunch 
@TomFelton awwwww... sounds better than going for lunch in halls 
lunch was yummy.. the food I prepared for work is tasty as well...what is left? hm.. no time to grab a nap 
sunday lunch over, and pavlova gone 
Just ate a pb&amp;j for lunch welcome back decent meals... I'm so ready for a nap but I won't get one 
beach then lunch with everyone before they go home and leave me 
@Pancua I forgot my lunch 
We're trying to support local restaurants for lunch but the first four places we tried today were closed.  
5 more lectures to go, missing lunch with grams to study, and i'm starting to get sick. i is sadface. finals week is going to be brutal. 
@emmalettuce awww that's not fun at all....i just ate lunch haha and i'm like yellow!  but at least you're almost done!!  was it busy?
I think I ate my lunch too fast.. I feel sick now 
@Natazzz i just finished lunch. now trying to figure out what to do next. still feeling really crappy though 
Tired... I have to make breakfast &amp; lunch for tomorrow.  
just woke up and doesn't know whether or not having breakfast now will spoil her lunch with nanna... but i'm hungry! 
says i forgot to bring my packed lunch at work  http://plurk.com/p/z70jr
Is on my way to have grammar lesson. Havnt had anything for breakfast and lunch.  http://myloc.me/3STt
my lunch is bland n tasteless 
eating lunch again. instant noodles 
haven't eaten lunch yet. 
overeating at lunch is bad. now i'm doubly sleepy and out of it as i normally am after lunch 
#iremember when I gave the school a check for lunch every week.. I never got effn free lunch  lol
trying to keep myself awake after lunch...  i hate the sleepy feeling after having lunch..
 I dont have lunch money
@_hayles so do i!! 5 small cheesy biscuits and an apple for lunch 
What a rad lunch, fajitas were awesome, the trip to see the eye doc though, well, no good news 
@sakhi_ no lunch yet 
I am now quite hungry and a bit annoyed that I let my yummy lunch in the kitchen..... 
@ShandyWarrior p.s I've already eaten my lunch and some chocolate! 
right now i'm making lunch before i go to work 
bored! how come there is never anything good to do at lunch 
chicken sarnie for lunch- tired today  hopefully new (crochet) post later!
...still hungry...  I think I'm off for lunch now...
@garry1bowie tedious, very very tedious! 9-5 with only 30 min lunch break 
phooey, forgot my lunch &amp; was looking forward to it 
Just ate free lunch with new colleagues and department members. Gorged myself on too much watermelon 
pah - lunch over, happens far to quickly  back to work
Accidentally skipped lunch  How did that happen?
After a good mornings work on presentation, finding it hard to get back into it post lunch 
@choppsicle.. besides.. how do you define mean. mean to me, is your comment ruining my lunch 
@mrspao do you blog professionally or personally?  I am sad I missed the lunch 
@amycrea  I think I need soup for lunch. badly upset tummy 
ok lunch break over back to job hunt again 
no pool today, just rain   Thinking Chinese food for lunch, its been a while.
@jonswerens now you are making me hungry before my lunch time 
hungry , lunch looked bad today now I have to cook 
We only invited 5 kids for DS's birthday lunch. It's not fair to give 2 of them a stomach bug. 
I need a lunch buddy 
going to lunch with my feeferoni! i miss her! 
I ate my lunch too fast and now I'm all bloaty. 
It's lunchtime and I'm sooo hungry  all the kids have lunch and I don't.
I just had a great lunch and in the last bite I bit my tongue 
My tongsils are the size of golf balls  can't swallow a thing, ice cream breakfast, lunch and dinner? Actually don't fancy running it off
Pretty much the only food I can stomache for lunch at this hospital  http://twitpic.com/7h0o2
lunch went missing after a few min of being unattended 
thoroughly enjoyed my melt and touch supper club left overs for lunch.  made me smile a lil.  such a sad bastard today. 
just ate a not satisfying lunch...eating light today..ate so heavy this past weekend and tonight's mom's bday dinner...so no gym 
The lunch was such boring... 
Eating lunch and then working on my paper till its done! But not feeling so hot even with a two hour nap. 
I hate people who steel other peoples lunches out of the lunch room. 
awesome lunch with my fellow Pathways graduates... last time that i'll see them 
well, almost time for lunch, still cant breath very well. Going to need some meds. 
I'm so bored... just waiting to be called for jury duty is no fun at all.  To top it all off, I have to take a 2 hour lunch by myself. 
back from lunch and my tummy still hurts 
@MiSSiFu omga that's right I forgot!  I might have to come back tom maybe we'll do lunch ;)
My lunch looks so much better than it tastes.  
had a good lunch....now its back to work 
@papapage omg u made me hungry now, I'm at lunch w/ no food or lunch $ 
@tessaleanne so no lunch tomorrow 
I don't think my lunch is agreeing with me 
@slimgirlstwitta U never did tell me if u have leftovers from the meal yesterday. 
Going to torture myself by looking at puppies during my lunch break... I want one so bad!!!  Also NOT buying pretzel bites...
On my lunch break, came home to get food and wishj i didnt have to go back. 
Just ate lunch and now its study time... Test 2morrow 
lunch over in 5 minutes. 
did the 5km run at lunch.  I was slow.  26:48. 
@breannmae baha  junior skulas during lunch will be missed. how are things going?
Wish I had brought a book to work to read during lunch. 
just burned my lunch 
@MissChel12 I didn't get a lunch!!! 8 to 1 pm straight. 
i miss my lunch buddies... 
Whoever thought of the idea of going back to work after lunch is an idiot! 5 more hrs of torture 
My lunch  http://yfrog.com/0jldnj
quick lunch... back to work... 
 lost my lunch; unfortunately I know where it went.
i feel so healthy... i just had an apple for lunch..!!  xxx
just finished lunch...it's kinda a late! @ least i'm eat! 
@CreativeWolf hahah i wish we had a cafeteria here though  wud solve most of my no-packed-lunch woes
wats wid these post lunch hours .. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  .....  
i feel really ill and am not loking forward to going into school at lunch 
@FletchMcGull If I'd had elevenses, I probably wouldn't have ended up eating my lunch at 10:55  A long, hungry afternoon awaits
is wanting some lunch but i to tired to make it 
lunch finished back to work 
Just ended his last appt, surprisingly fast but guess what ?, now it's already 7 pm and he hasn't had his lunch yet 
lunchtime over back to greetingcardland.... 
Sitting having lunch. This day has been soo long 
Having a salad for lunch and having the mick taken out of me 
Goodmorning! Today's plans...salon, lunch, dentist  and where ever else we decide to go...
only has 4 minutes left of her lunch break and then back to Journals 
lunch time is over 
People have left the office to go and eat some delicious food that's just been cooked on film, why did I eat an early lunch! 
@MzBeautifulBree Ahhh sorry  u can share when I go on lunch...lol
@davearel No lunch then? 
@phoebelovesit hey when are we hookin up for lunch??? you flopped me and q when we were going to take you out! 
Is going to do everything possible not to skip lunch today again!  
going to lunch (: i miss @ignaciavalencia 
2 more hours until lunch!  The only bad thing about leaving for lunch is that you have to come back 
@justathought08 eating a delicious breakfast consisting of one banana and a handful of goldfish  cannot wait for lunch.
Ughhh no lunch break today 
At the mall getting lunch all by my lonesome 
Going to lunch with my boss and co workers. So sad my boss is leaving 
Getting lunch with my bestfriend, who I haven't seen in months 
back at work  ..... at lunch yummy!!!
is starving but knows I won't have lunch until 1... 
off to dc for lunch with ma and having a passport photo taken. it'll definitely be worse than the one in 04 
i just ate my lunch and i'm still hungry 
Just ordered lunch...still feelin like crap 
hungry and i dont get lunch till another couple hours 
lunch time. I miss my brother making grilled cheeses for me. 
I need a massage. also, lunch time appears to be here. Where do I want to eat today? No @shivian to have lunch with this week 
Just got done eating lunch, headed back to work 
Washing the rest of the dishes &amp; some from right now, just ate lunch with my mom who is now leaving for work 
@nanciesweb what a harty lunch. I  had a disappointing chx samich from wendys 
@ashgant I'm sorry!  you looked put of it at lunch...boo on being sick!
3 hour time change = breakfast only = no french fries 
feel bad for accidentally burning my mini bag of popcorn at lunch...it has created quite the stench in the office   
@larkcraft can't come on my lunch 
forgot to pack my lunch. fail. 
@eMeiNesS aww  lol..hopefully time flies for ya..an for lunch i had 33 cent noodles haha
i'm kind of hungry...but it's still too early for lunch i think! 
grillin hotdogs for lunch..no honeys at the pool today 
did not realize outback isn't open for lunch. no kookawhateva wings for me. ill have to make some i guess 
lunch time, got damn my abs sore 
ugh... lunch is not agreeing with me 
Eating weirdass tasting pizza for lunch *sigh* 
At lunch 
Nothing to do since just after lunch. They will be installing a new program for me to learn but my shift is about over. 
@mickbetancourt I had a salad for lunch today and I'm pretty sure it was fattier than an average meal - I thought I was being healthy!! 
@_stefinitely when are you going to come up and have lunch with me? it's been so long since I've seen my lunch buddy 
lack of second lunch has made afternoon horribly unproductive.  wish bag of chips and granola bar had been enough.  
still hungry after lunch! 
i don't think eating lunch was such a good idea 
jus nothin!! bored at home n too lazy to prepare my lunch 
Waiting for my lunch! Aarghhh! I'm hungry  this gonna b a loooonnnng lunch -d-
really a depressing day especially when it's my lunch kaki who's leaving. 
boring food for lunch - would have ordered pizza, if only they had a fat free version of it 
No longer allowed to use twitter at work, will be checking at breaks and lunch 
Having a sandwich sitting on my desk waiting for lunch time is now making me very hungry 
had a heavyyyyyyy lunch n my mind aint working now 
@samantot divine came to visit in katip and we had lunch! we were gonna invite you but you had class daw e 
I'm fasting for my blood test.  Normally I'd be thinking my post breakfast snack by then.  
OOOFFF a miss a nice occasion while bing in lunch  ooooffff 
about to eat lunch, but think i might go to the bathroom first 
All i've got for is a lettuce sandwich for lunch as we have no other filling. 
lost the lunch buffet....both players had two points, but we blew the third question 
notes that it is raining outside  I want to get my lunch 
@lynhypenny it was great! haah but she missed you guys who couldn't come  oh well, we should get lunch with her thursday!! yes yes
I am taking training this week and I am missing my yoga / walking during lunch. 
500 calories for a smoothie ... thats my lunch then 
Has had the best lunch ever...! But is now going back to work 
why am i tired its not even midnight yet, and i didnt have dinner. well i did it was for lunch, so i didnt have lunch 
@connymouse lunch was fine,not the best but it'll do.enjoy the weather?I'm stuck in the f*** office+2morrow it shall start to rain again 
@dustinpyeatt - I understand completely! I could only sneak away for lunch. 
Last lunch with noora 
ahh, too much work!  im gonna have to skip walking home for lunch to watch cartoons  
My brain might explode... and I have no lunch. 
hungry  ...i forgot my lunch today..
At Maudies for one last lunch with the girls 
i was sooooo excited to have a tuna sandwich for lunch, but i haven't unpacked the can opener yet 
having lunch with the english department...sans rackley 
I love how I have to work through my lunch most days. 
dentist appointment made for the morning (why so early?), fixing lunch, and feeling very little right now.  i want my mommy 
Is now on her lunch 4 more hours after lunch 
 lunch break=wasted. 23mins left to keep refreshing.
Why am I not the guy having a heineken with his slice of pizza for lunch 
eating lunch, then more meetings 
leaving the house for lunch in 22 min then straight to the airport. 
client deadline = no lunch for me 
lunch hour, but no lunch... 
On lunch guess I'll take a nap since no one wants to talk to me 
I don't know what to do for lunch when brother has to work 
Finally found parking! I prob have like 10min left for lunch!! 
@_justmitch_ 4:30 in the nex 30 mins  But i wanna go now, i haven't been able 2 leave the front desk 2 go for lunch 
@jeremylenzo aww. now I'm all sorts of depressed! I was making lunch for my dad 
@meggismiles   i need lunch     #nomnom
@MrEricPiRaTe I just got back from my lunch break.  This was like dessert for me.  Waaaah!
my lunch gave me the worst belly ache. I hate garlic 
@iroktherunway i'm soooo yealous!! I wish they had a spot like that up here in n.scottsdale so I can run to for lunch/dinner esuper sad 
@benshmoo blehhh. about to have lunch. feeling ronery 
@cronolee i am still awaiting my lunch.. 
had a very unsatisfying lunch 
http://bit.ly/13Ljp5 I chose it when I did shopping. I'll stay full till lunch. It's good for me. But it's still a boring brekkie option 
lunch was maggie for me. How pathetic! People out thr having good food, treasure it! 
just awake .. zzzzzz , skiping lunch w/ my yanto @mirzajuneo 
Still in mtg...needs lunch badly, 1hr passed the usual lunch time 
My lunch is now over and I'm going back to work. No more fun 
back from lunch.. still hungry 
Ah filming is taking forever  I wanted to have lunch with fella 
sat in the pub for lunch, trying to catch up with email deluge from this morning. not much of a break 
I miss having lunch dates...summer time used to b prime season for taking a 2hr lunch break &amp; catching a matinee 
i feel sick today i cant eat any food all i have had is a cookie at lunch time 
lunch with mom then back  to meetings and testing  #peterfacinelli
lunches go by too fast  boo hoo
finalssss suckkkk  eattting some lunch now.
lunch break over already 
Lunch! Not having sushi on sushi day though. 
hungry... waiting on my chicken terriyaki because it's too gross to go get lunch 
@discolem0nade Aww, I want to have lunch, sorry that I couldnt make it, 
skipped lunch because i had to finish my final paper.... almost done though 
back from lunch nap and still feel crummy....   
So sick of the rain... just sittin down for some lunch then out to do more errands 
time for lunch....more rabbit food.......yoohoo 
@colormehungry runnin late for my own last company lunch too. 
needs to trade her car in for a boat with all this rain...lunch break is over and back to work I go 
@KhalifM I will! The water is off in my loft right now so I had to postpone lunch 
Getting ready to go eat lunch... trying to decide if I should eat bad or not 
free cake at work! course, after i've been good and packed myself a nutrious meal 
just had the most delish lunch...back to work it is. 
I forgot to eat lunch again. 
Just ate mcdonalds and I'm still hungry! And I don't wanna end my lunch break 
lunch break. sitting at taco bell by myself 
finished lunch at my desk, aaaagain 
has double-booked tomorrow (well triple booked if you count the lunch i should be going to) heeeeeelp! 
I don't even know what to eat for lunch. 
Still have not had lunch 
@KawaiiStephanie  I went to the japanese restaurant and they were closed during my lunch break  
Doesn't like taking lunches before breaks  boo
again, im not happy with my lunch.  goodthing chocolait is high in calories. haha.
only has half a sandwich left for lunch. 
lunchtime!! waiting for the sis to call so we can head for lunch.. im hungry!! 
still cooking our lunch, already cramming.. 
@drlowem @pingpingss @shopaholic_jo ended up i didn't eat at all. and i still haven't taken my lunch 
I WAS REALLY hungry but I can't finish my lunch at all. It's not even half eaten. 
ugh. i have to eat lunch now. please be here when i come back 
@ashwinn cuz my b'fast &amp; dinner is v. consistent, i change my lunch around to avoid getting bored. but that seems to create more trouble 
is it too early to start eating my lunch? i'm so hungry 
So tired after lunch 
@oliverthring @FoodStories @PunchTavern would love to join ye but I have a lunch meeting! 
came so close to a free lunch which was then cruelly taken away 
where can i have lunch today...suggestions? 
15 minutes till lunch! I'm so hungry!!!!!! 
@SueRK early  gig tonight as well on my lunch break now woo! Ahh line6 lover now then ;-)
nearly choked herself with lunch 
Just realised that the soup I had for lunch contained 50 calories, no wonder I'm still hungry! 
@HalifaxRealtor Wow, that must be something new because when I took my sommelier course in Hfx that was my fav for lunch.  Too bad 
toastie's broke, its all sticking  i've had no lunch! 
Who stole my lunch?! 
And to top it off... the group I usually eat with at lunch, are going out.  I'm not invited cause I work in a different department.  
lunch with my boy then working once again 
hungry... waiting for lunch.. 
@paulsheki wish you could join us for lunch 
 i only 45 min lunch break today... stupid dead filing
we win the tuna competition!! but i am missing our victory lunch. 
Lunch was like chewing on a block of orrgeno 
I want to get lunch in #barharbor but no one is responding to me.. 
I dont have a fork to eat my lunch with. 
I forgot my leftover thai food that i was going to have for lunch  sad day.
just dropped by house for lunch and now it's back to work! 
Not even halfway through my lunch and I'm sick to my stomach. I guess I'd better save this for dinner. 
I'm bored... and ready for lunch... I'm lonely... 
Eating lunch alone.  lol. :p
had another delicious lunch at tuxedo sushi today. now my leg is in pain. 
I want sushi for lunch- but my spot is too far from work  Maybe tonight...
Just got back from lunch, YaY! i feel fat 
I am an hour late for lunch ... hoho =D is that frankly I do not like lunch 
doesn't understand why there are so many ppl at the mall right now..ugh...wasted lunch hour 
eating watermelon for lunch, I'd rather have sushi  someone go to sushi with me?
man i wish i could've saved that other half of my club sandwich from lunch  why'd it have to be so hot outside
@rioazul we had lunch at the park, and we are trying not to spend monies 
@ckhavarian I made it through lunch and a few rides haha...stomach still a mess though 
@WrittenTruth I may not get to have lunch with you 
i smell bacon being fried! YUMM. my lunch. so fustrated about my iTunes! 
getting ready for lunch then must sort out these flights  14 days to go..
don't want to eat lunch w/ the people here.. guess i'll be having a late lunch. hai... 
finished facial... bought lunch... finished lunch.. now at home.. stoning... wanted to watch movie.. but no seats... 
my dad ate my lunch. because I was asleep. 
can't pull all-nighters anymore... i think i'm too old for it  just demolished a mcgriddle meal &amp; iced coffee. time to head to bed. zzzzzz
Lunch and the cafeteria's empty. I feel so friendless 
@iMmopukCP im starving - lunch not ready 
Just home from badminton, i feel ill  going to get some lunch.
I made lunch than ate it  that's it. I know it sounds kind of boaring and it is......................................................... 
Eating lunch by myself 
been to 2 walmarts and they r both sold out of the camera  now trying to find lunch
Lunch time then tackling laundry and dishes since we have such wonderful weather 
getting very hungry.....havent had lunch yet.. 
had half a piece of cold, left-over pizza for breakfast. i'm starving. 
Needs to eat lunch soon and wants sushi sooo bad! It's unfortunate that my local sushi joint closed down to to this glorious recession. 
Sitting next to my department manager at lunch. Pretty much uncomfortable. 
Is hungry. What can I eat. It is kinda early for lunch.  dang those apple jacks for not holding me over until lunch!!!!!!!
lunch break...I want to go home 
tried to go to @mikisushi for lunch but it was closed.....  
my aunt just asked wat was going to be for lunch tomorow, i think im going to puke!!! 
I'm staaaaaarving  after signing offers it's lunch time!! 
shopping and lunch. Now I'm broke 
its rainging and i want noodles for lunch but we dont have any 
lunch got delayed to 1 pm  now must find something to eat.
so hungry, could go for a warm bake dinner for lunch. Might make myself veges and chicken actually. imu 
im eating noodles for lunch. my braces are killing me. im crying 
@knocknock yea...we would eat at the earliest 8:30 haha. I got used to that  lunch would be at 2
going to have lunch soon, but after lunch dunno wot to do 
@tradingnothing tortellini and can i have some please, my feet hurt too much to go &amp; get lunch for myself  
On a break for lunch. It's taking forever, no where near finished 
@iamjustine i miss our sushi lunches 
My late lunch was slightly ruined by the unripe avocados 
needs to have lunch with an old friend before she jets off to live in new york 
Turns out we thought we were getting here befor the lunch rush but no.... They open at 12 
@iowaradioguy was thinking about taking a late lunch, but teh hot keeps me inside 
Maybe I shouldn't have eaten all that potato salad for lunch... 
WORK!!! lunch is over 
lunch break then back to work 
@ImTheNiceGuy lunch is never long enough 
Having lunch but I just really want to go home 
@CourtneyHawke wish u lived closer I'd invite u out for lunch. I'm hungry 
had Habachi again for lunch, I think I'm addicted 
@RahneX sorry bout that hun...got offline. I ran errands for lunch....welcome to my life 
@Karrn YUCKY!!! I am bummed you won't be there tomorrow  We need to get together for lunch for a drink soon!
Just having lunch now...  
My lunch was too large.  I am suffering for it now.  
@StevieBohevie. 12 for lunch then 1 to 5  r u workingtoday?
about to go to wawa for some lunch then to the office. great 
jason was nice enough to make dinner last night and pack me lunch today, and i stupidly left it in the refrigerator at home 
I still have 2 hours til lunch and my stomach is calling for food 
I'm REALLLLLY ready for lunch.  Unfortuntately, it's not time to go yet... 
ugh, my mom won't make me hot dogs for lunch! 
ate chinese for lunch. panda express. not quite the same as habachi grill.  phoo eeey
Is waiting for lunch to get here... I cnt believe I eat lunch so late! I'm starving 
forgot my lunch and have no money on me.... i might be making a long lunch trip home 
back from lunch feeling very bum-like and not happy with that 
I can't have lunch with @natalieaurora... 
@clutch_22 My lunch gripe: I got slammed with work and had to postpone lunch...til AFTER a long meeting. No food 'til 2pm. 
10 min till lunch is over 
@JuniperRenee we drove 30 miles to get there and the palve was closed  Now on to lunch ;-)
realizing I forgot to bring my sandwhich for lunch.    I fail at life.
Omfg I've been at work since 11 no break or lunch  and now I got a efin zoom. That's another 2 hrs.im tired grrrrr.
suddenly very tired, lunch did not help this situation 
i miss happy meals 
just finished lunch break bout to start editing. its very hard to edit w/ only one good arm! only 6 more weeks of this! 
clueless for today's lunch... 
I'm up at enrichment time, I don't even have enrichment! But I have to pop out because I ate the last fruit string 4 my sisters lunch 
@stommped me tooo me toooo! i havent had my lunch!!! boooo... 
havin my lunch... instant noodles... so bad 
Junk food for lunch is a big no 
too early... need to be in glasgow for 11.  far too early for lunch..... want to sssllleeeeeeppp!
haven had breakfast/lunch ... 
12 office   1 lunch   3 sleep   5 coffee  630 game     9 work 
hmmm think I missed lunch 
on lunch break... bk in class in about 20 minutes :@ 
Lunch time is over! i must stop eating so much at lunch, feeling like take a nap now, but to much work to do 
@RavenRIOT we don't know, but it was empty and a black lunch lady bitched at me 
Dying of thirst in lunch, help 
on lunch break. eating baked beans but the fried egg is missing.  gym tonight. i think i'm already addicted. haha.
Having lunch in a hotel's hall noisy &amp; boring &amp; horrible food, wrong choice 
grrr, was planning on taking lunch t 2, and have now noticed i have a meeting at 2. no lunch till 3 now 
@jeffshi you left me out for lunch. 
enjoying the pool until noon then going to lunch and shopping for my lil man.  Only 3 days left 
@darkknightwvu well... it'd have to be the senate reflecting pool. and i'd have to have a lunch break.  ugh.
@MelodyFLee I called you to eat lunch but you didn't answer 
@fmsphotography i would normally be able to, but i got to work late, and now can't take a lunch.  boo.
Just realized, I have no money for lunch.  Going to be a long day.
Missing my mcd lunch buddy today 
K. Out to lunch with no wifi 
i am hungry for lunch.  not so much for an apple.  
Out for lunch and I do not want to go back. 
Just ate lunch...so full 
My lunch buddy is sick. I get to have lunch alone again.  No fun 
Just finished lunch! Now back to work 
On lunch and I don't have any food  what am I gonna do 
waiting for my dad to finish cooking our lunch. I'm really really really really hungry!!!!! 
and so sorry! back to work!!! bummed i have to reschedule lunch with @m_candy  next week!
will eat lunch  http://plurk.com/p/mztfi
@mehulved hilarious  i hope there are pakodas and samosas involved after a long lunch break
@bkenny congratulations!! champers at lunch!! 
@doriens thankyou  have a good lunch x
@stephenfry it's just an illuuuuuuusion! ...lunchtime = doubly so  x
making some lunch 
Off to town to do lunch! 
off to lunch. on today's menu sanwich from minutka 
Finished my attempted at manual labour, time for shower and nice lunch 
i am in work ...... on my dinner and the food in the canteen is not appealing to me today .. stupid diet 
just finland my lunch and my first tweet of the day 
#mmuk09 lots of interesting conversations over the lunch break. now, where's @andyramsden ?! 
@SilverWoodBooks don't often tweet about lunch but just spotted @lovehatemarmite and couldn't resist 
Is @ his desk contemplating his lunch 
@Hoodathunk So what did you have for lunch then? ... The waiting to find out is killing me !!! 
Just had a lovely lunch with the girls. 
@erin_bury I see you! yes let's chat at break/lunch 
Off to meet my girlfriend for a late lunch! 
I've just had a lovely lunch with Lynds and now I'm heading round Ants... good times  xoxox
@jhooie will do sir  they're hoping to be here around lunch i think
looking forward to the photography lunch at 11:30 
is thinking about taking an extra long lunch to let the dog out and tan. 
OK, I am going to get my breakfast + lunch now. Going to catch up with all of you (interesting, fun and interactive people) soon. 
just woke up and it's lunch time again. oh, well. g2g 
Lunch was good! I love home-cooked meals!!  http://plurk.com/p/os696
@mmlissa nope..on my lunch hour maybe 
just had a masarap lunch of eggplant with egg with mahal, now it's time for a little nap 
is on a break from work...yum lunch 
going to lunch outside with my girls 
just finished recording.  going for lunch and to buy some new converse, word.
Watching the celtics and making lunch 
lunch with my little bro 
Eating lunch with friends! 
I'm eating lunch! 
@rawvelous cool   I made it for my 4yr old to enjoy for lunch...he ate it up 
is going to eat lunch! 
@Fabkristen tmmrw @candelaria's hm for lunch! 
making breakfast - and there's a lot of food! it's going to be a sunny sunday 
going out for lunch with my friends 
@michifig_xo girl I miss you more we should go have lunch or shopping!!! LOL 
@elematt really?yeah we should meet up for lunch or something, we pay rent at the bank there every week. I had noodle box for dinner yum! 
is going to lunch 
is eating crumpets with marmite for lunch 
It's a coffee then dinner kinda day 
Is eating her lunch 
made pizza mushrooms for lunch.....lushious 
sittin out on this fine day, with a light lunch and smokin the hookah  
i'm looking forward to a yummy (and smooshy) lunch from my mom. 
pondering what to eat for breakfast, lunch, brunch 
Meeting...check! Now lunch and relaxing 
Is taking the kids out for lunch 
Having lunch outside with my son. i am eating and he is running 
Getting ready to meet potential new roommate for lunch. Might even get some signing time in 
sooooo much homework...but lunch/dinner with the family 1st 
Going to get some lunch and chillax outside on this nice sunny day 
Starting laundry, and about to go get lunch somewhere 
lunch with family today, nice 
@jerseygirl4u i think u should bring some in for me tom for lunch.. since im too lazy to drive there 
Getting mexican food for lunch. 
Now going out to eat lunch with grandma 
about to eat lunch. 
@citrayahya hello there  your lunch looks good
Just woke up, going through to town later for some lunch - but for now I think I will get up and get a shower 
Only 25min left to lunch 
is at work ... hungry, looking forward for lunch 
2 more lessions today then I finaly get to go home   So tired and hungry, but the lunch isnt until one hour still T___T
@sidharthdassani Whoops, that was unintentional. You can still get to it at http://dabr.co.uk/oauth and I'll re-add it at lunch 
such a nice day!  sushi in the park for lunch today I think 
is wearing flipflops!!  it is so happy! ahah, school till 11 then joe's for athea's birthday lunch! &lt;3
Is finishing his lunch, then heading into the studio to record some voiceovers 
off for lunch 
Nothing like cold pasta salad for lunch...while sitting on your studio balcony in the sun! And they call this work.... 
Off back to college from lunch so bbl 
just finished classes for today. time for some microwave lunch and anime 
been good today..had cereal for breakfast and soap and fruit for lunch, but I eally need chocolate now... 
@you4ic delicious, even some left overs for lunch.   I must say fishing is something I actually enjoy 
at home now... boring as. had like two bites of birthday cake and remembered i didnt have lunch.    i will have to make a sandwich later. 
love rach, heaps she brought me lunch. 
lun hummersalat = god lunch 
is going to have her lunch break 
@adnanschat cool, working, working .. and waiting for lunch  what abb u?
Now, let's have lunch... 
When is lunch at #travsummit, have to time it with lunch here at the office 
@lufdxb lunch will be tasty 
just got back from lunch... it's lonley here 
@musosdan I am just about to venture out for a walk before lunch. it is such a pretty day 
eating raspberry cheescake for lunch 
going for lunch 
is waiting for lunch, i have a bad craving for noodles 
@brokenthemes Thanks  It's for the best..   You coming for waffles tomorrow, farewell lunch?
Lunch time, woo! Going to mcdonalds to collect my free cheeseburger 
is sat in bed watching the coronation street omnimbus, thinking about gettin' some lunch 
oooo i've had a nice lunch of 2 mini milks 
made lunch for mummy and sammy 
Getting hungry - time for lunch methinks 
No kids, girly movies and pizza in bed in the morning!   All part of a complete breakfast ;)
enjoyed a lovely lunch a few cocktails in the sunshine 
Yay my mom is bringin some comida for me  my first meal since 2pm yesterday lol
just ate lunch. 
Going out to eat lunch with the girls 
Now, having had a scrumpdillyicious diet lunch, i will bask in the sunshine for a while. 
getting ready to have lunch with my bestie. 
@gvalentinoball aw u need us to bring lunch to u? 
Just got back from lunch &amp; wicked singalongs with @hannnz @thebobbyhall @CMstaff and @emmmillly   
@HoopinisPassion hehe, i was out eating lunch; then stopped at wal-mart! but i'm back noww! 
getting ready for lunch with my mom 
I am having waffles for lunch and am very happy about it 
@threew well i guess i could have paid attn b4 jumping in. lol. i'll blame it on missing lunch today. 
out for lunch 
Maedo opens its doors today! Finally - a place that fuses digital ambiance with fresh delicious lunch food 
Off to my mom's for lunch...see you in 1-2 hours 
@ratcliffe ah but I am swiss, i can have lunch at 12 or 2 if I so feel 
@blasha oky try to get it after lunch thnx 
fry for lunch 
going out for lunch, byeeee  x
just woke up  my desk is a mess of notes left since yesterday's working marathon, now the fundamental problem arise: breakfast or lunch?
What a great lunch at the park 
just finsihed lunch,oh how i love wraps 
Just had the biggest hugest lunch ever  yummy yummy
@AlastairHW the health option for lunch  I am very jealous
eatin lunch 
@Buckledude are you the lunch cart again today?  can we place an order please?  LOL
Is sitting on the diving board eating lunch with the sister 
Following lunch with candy   I &lt;3 chocolate ;)
is online, waiting for his lunch 
She brought me lunch! 
off to lunch. 
@melissaa18 you being sad is making me sad, and also you wont be in religion, but drop by lunch kk 
getting ready for my lunch break! 
had tempura and and crabs for lunch. so yummy! 
just had my steamed salmon for lunch... 
@SPOILEDBOY about to find something for my lunch ja 
@DavidArchie you should check out the diner around your hotel. you should eat something. it's the most important meal of the day! 
Watching an episode of Friends during the lunch break 
playing sudoku while mommy makes me breakfast &amp; lunch 
hi everybody! i'm having my lunch break at work and enjoying a nice cup of coffee! 
Having a wonderful piece of cake for lunch - what else could I want??? 
going for lunch soon  with my fave cuzs 
@yuniphan Yay! Congratulations, oh newly minted graduate. You'll have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (PLURAL) to celebrate! 
just going to cook some lamb chops for lunch - I always end up coking just before pay day and amaze myself at how much I can cook 
@pob34 done pots,had lunch now eatin chocolate.LOL 
after pub lunch am now going to daughters for tea life is good 
sleep time  big/little lunch tomorrow at olive garden
chai tea then sleeeeeeep. lunch with the family tomorrow 
I'm cooking meatballs for lunch  yaaayyy ...
just woke up...for  once I managed to sleep in!! going out for lunch later then back to essay 
had the best mother's day! breakfast, shopping and lunch, drinks, chocolate galore! 
off to lunch with all the people from aikido 
I've been playing badminton, now it's time for lunch, then I'm off to the dancestudio 
has just finished a great lunch 
having lunch (chili concane yummi ) and later i'll watch gossip girl, 90210 and O.c. 
back from lunch 
brb guys! havin lunch!  x
having lunch. 
Bfast at the diner was super busy... Finally lunch time.  
just finished eating breakfast...i will try to do more tasks, if not...well, i am sleeping that's for sure.  http://plurk.com/p/szur1
@FADIAKADER back at cha...lunch soon.  it's overdue 
going out to lunch lapar udah , thinking of my baby 
i didnt go to abbis dinner, i sleep all afternoon and wake up too late to go  But i did go to samanthas birthday lunch, was good though 
Just went out for lunch with some friends who stayed with us overnight. I am now overly full! But it was lovely to do 
tacos for lunch! yuuuum  made them myself ;)
Cooking spam + rice for tomorrow's lunch  yay
just ordered bunch-a-lunch for lunch 
bed  hopefully. lunch/shopping with mom then finally back to morgantown! &lt;33
just ate lunch.. today's viand is really delicious.. my favorite dish.. 
@aparakirti have a good lunch 
@dsthestar1121  lunch!!! ;-)
having lunch break 
working at the moment...will have lunch break soon 
@paulpuddifoot shopping.drinks,lunch,star trek,drinks,'blue man group,dinner then home and more drinks.so busy but fun.lol 
is off to get isla from playgroup shortly then going to get some lunch!yummy 
Going now to help my friend with her hip hop class and later have lunch 
is eating lunch with my friends 
time for lunch 
is debating a pizza lunch, for getting so much done yesterday 
@lo_green Who said it's too early for lunch? 
At lunch with my mom. I didn't tell her I was driving 2 hours to surprise her 
is going 2 sit outside for lunch! 
Lunch with my partner in crime @wordsculpt 
just about to eat lunch... bon appetite! 
preparing my no carb lunch while listening to stevie  hihi @AnoopDoggDesai Mwuah!
folding clothes while he cooks lunch 
having my lunch ! 
@lushlady15 haha honoured  hmm stay in apartments as much as you can, cheaper to cook dinner and eat lunch while your out!
@paulisonfire But toast is good. I had toast for lunch 
Fabulous lunch with a fabulous friend 
I'm PHPing a script for BBPress, and off out for lunch later 
@catofprey what's for lunch then?  I just bought a very very very nice piece of cake in Aachens best known cafe..it tastes heavenly
love freecycle, going to pick up a free electric footspa from a few minutes walk away after lunch, woot 
my mom cooked a terrific lunch...kudos 
lunch from subway  i swear i don't watch chuck 
at the library agaaaain.. got a nice packed lunch today 
Going to have a nice spar roast for lunch  and then off to church to serve!
going to have lunch!!! 
going for lunch 
just woke up... time to take a shower, have lunch and then go to the cinema! 
my lunch company @feta @paidakia @apaki @staka @sygklino wishing u too the best  @jellygr
Special lunch and dinner...my kinda day 
@zocookie I'd buy you scampi when we next have lunch  x
bored again... theres a suprise. rotelli for lunch then who knows what... chase dont eat lunch without me if you get this! 
@RichmondGL no no... pfchangs for lunch... 
just got home, its beautiful outside. shoe shopping after lunch!!!! my lunch is gonna be the best ever!!!!! 
Out to lunch with the fam 
Going out to lunch with old friends 
At the mall with my guy then off to lunch 
in search of lunch 
loves chinese lunch specials 
@coldsubject mmmmmm... saw you had breakfast, now lunch,, will i be here at dinner time? if i dont make it to practice,, probably  
lovin that the sun is out!! on my way to lunch at broadway bistro 
@iamjuice when's the next lunch break babe? 
Figlios for lunch, then graduating 
taco bueno for lunch! Almost done with this shindig!  ahh I can't wait!
just left the gym...short wrkout but least I went ;)...smoothie nw then maybe outback 4 lunch 
eating lunch with my bestest 
felt the need once more... and now has another pot of excellent chilli for lunch tomorrow 
about to eat some lunch i'm really hungry i'm not sure what i'm eating thow lol 
is making vegetable soup for lunch through the week - trying to be healthy! 
I had organic food for lunch and walked by the beach during my lunch break, I feel connected to the world today  I'm feeling good!
Heading to a late lunch with my mom and gparents! Hopefully a coffee run afterwards too! 
Having lunch at sarahs on the water 
Just got back from a decent lunch with an old friend. 
--&gt; lunch, until soon! Yay, a rainbow appears 
is eatin lunch then headin out to the kenny chesney concert! 
Just got done mowing grass and showering, now its time for lunch n lemonade mmmm 
Having my lunch  haha take care guyz!
@bethanydillon I would like to have lunch with you again 
Going lunch with sissy in awhile. J's coming 
@shelliwazzu and I nap at lunch at work often  oh on the bus as well LOL
It's a lunch time 
@demis A suggestion   what I had for lunch: http://twitpic.com/5e9z3
@_sw_  I want them for lunch 
is having lunch 
went back to ali ghapu palace to buy souveniers at the bazaar and eat lunch - yes, we eat often! 
@Jdkent I'm going in just before lunch 
@bakerash yes.  I'll be down there in a bit. Can i borrow after lunch, before the session?
making some Rostbratwurst for lunch   mmmmm  
is having an early lunch! 
I'm actually ready for lunch early too!! 
Having my lunch break..  
starting my day early... going to get my nails done, tanning, and hopefully going to lunch with josh 
Now it's lunch time 
is going to get some lunch...be brave now it's only rain 
had n awesome lunch 
time for lunch now! ! brb 
@rebecca878 start stufying after lunch and loose woman! 
is so full. had schnitzel for lunch 
no free wifi for me this lunchtime as i can't walk into town. could be worse... lunch in the canteen 
super productive morning of work  break for lunch!!
going to watch survivor on my lunch break!  
Having lunch and thinking about what pressies to ask for my bday 
It's my birthday ! 24 now. Just sitting having lunch at work. No presents yet, hope I get some gadgets though 
going to have lunch!! see u later!! 
I can't sit here anymore, going to get my son for lunch. 
lunch  everyones just listening to ipods 
drug rep about to bring lunch in .... 
I... want to go out for lunch, again.  just now was awesomely awesome! yay
http://twitpic.com/5fbqn - I love making lunch 
@bradbaumn lunch, gladly. the editor is out to lunch already, though. 
I think i'm gonna have lunch in the cafeteria but I'll visit you during sixth. 
Going out to lunch and doing a little shopping with my frendz! 
My booski stopped by yesterday and brought me food for lunch today...xoxo  can't wait to bust that food down!
going to have lunch 
In the city with erin for the day  any suggestions as to where we should go for lunch?
Maybe i'll have scot deliver lunch. 
Just had fried tilapia for lunch. Thanks Quena for the delicious lunch! 
@iLoveColbyO everyday for lunch, and dinner for the past 3 weeks...i went to mcdonalds today and it was amazziinng  lol
james has to email one of the teachers because he got caught skipping lunch. my input next tweet. 
good moooooorning guys  whoa, i slept very well. but i'm tired. i'm everytime tired x') i go and eat breakfast, and then .. we'll see  ...
@jfkjohan hey we had hawaiian chicken as well here for lunch at pizza hut 
is off to free lunch. 
@ lunch with friends. Feeling very businessy 
Meeting people for lunch 
Soccer lunch break 
We have just decided to have fish and chips for lunch 
4 hrs until the long weekend starts  and lunch will take at least 1 of those
@llordllama  thought you'd have your binoculars out to examine the lunch table
@Girlonatrain thank you. it is a great day, indeed.  and when i get back from my buffday lunch, I shall take a commemorative photie.  
Off for lunch 
Going for lunch now with hubby....tweet later, have a good afternoon 
@booksbelow serious I think I will go throw a cone at them again ... did that the other day they were parked in my driveway  eating lunch
It's lunch time. 
i'm sooo full.it is raining outside.after lunch shopping with parents 
I'm having a nice lunch now 
At lunch 
What a beautiful day   finished tidying my room now to have lunch
@TherealNihal Sounds like a good life, lunch for me and won't be pancakes, but enjoy yours 
@thereedsband i'll pay you to bring me lunch and then dinner at the hospital. and then to see alvin ailey tomorrow. 
going to lunch with the ladies today...hope we stay long enough to hit happy hour again. 
Signing our new lease at lunch!! 
@McFlo14 mac-a-hoe breakfast will be my lunch today 
@brooksy_c I will be here until 5, and a late lunch is perfect.  I know lil bit is not feeling well, so if we have to wait, we can. 
Eating lunch 
@BrittGoosie have fun at lunch 
extended lunch 
yero &amp; curly friends for lunch ... yayyy 
@StonerAlyson my birthday is tomz so we going out 2 have lunch  and what are u doing?
lunch with my grandmother 
#tts09 what we will have for lunch 
sat at the 8th grade lunch table, felt good 
is eating..lunch time 
well,.just finished my lunch...and got curious about this twitter..so i sign up... 
Just woke up  lunch timeeee!
eating lunch while twittering. 
@skribe I'll try breathing after lunch. 
is happy to cook &amp; pack lunch meals on a weeknight. Even if its not for my work day. 
free lunch will always be ... delicious! 
lunch breaaak &lt;3 yay i'm having my french fries now 
Having my lunch with my mom and dad..tweet later 
ahh, maccas for lunch then home early. how i love wednesdays 
@aplusk those of us who regularly work nights do call it lunch. 
@raccoontail that would be cool... lunch, sun, good company 
lunch time... 
@MandyyJirouxx I had sushi for lunch it was sooooo yummy. 
Just finished eating my lunch. 
says It's time for me to take my lunch.  http://plurk.com/p/wwyck
@bigenya sleep now and then eat lunch at your desk 
Having lunch on the grass in the klcc park 
@kristopher did you have good lunch ? 
just made lunch for the familyyy~ 
Having lunch with my girls 
Having a lunch with watching television.. 
lunch time 
Yay! I finish my lunch..man it took so long to finish eating when you have no appetite..thank you grandma for the delicious packed lunch 
@muser74 Sure does!  and I am having sushi &amp; champers for lunch tomorrow for a b'day catchup, so definitely 
@leonieanning lunch in the park it is then. 
is back from a fab massage &amp; lunch, all relaxed to sleep now 
looking forward to sitting out in the garden for lunch at a friends house 
Not long till the lunchtime beer session begins 
