Most common words for this cluster:
[('man', 756), ('i', 78), ('lol', 35), ('quot', 32), ('today', 27), ('na', 24), ('u', 24), ('day', 24), ('time', 23), ('amp', 22), ('http', 22), ('com', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Man', 0.9806522727012634), (u'Woman', 0.6913800835609436), (u'Boy', 0.6195191740989685), (u'Girl', 0.609794020652771), (u'depicts_Michelangelo_Creation', 0.5894978046417236), (u'Woman_Beaten', 0.5759978890419006), (u'Couple', 0.5744649171829224), (u'Raped_Woman', 0.5736527442932129), (u'Suspect', 0.5710961222648621), (u'Man_Accidentally_Shoots', 0.5647032260894775)]





I swear no matter how long I've been getting up at 5am, it never gets any easier. Man my eyes hurts wah 
@duchess_rebecca Man... intervention is soo sad 
Man, that took forever. 
2 more days till i can sleep in all i want. Man these 2 days are going to go by slow. 
Man im so tired its just not funny  i need/want to sleep but my eyes dont want to close
Man. I have some bad sleeping patterns. 
@springsteen the links have been disabled at &quot;the Simple Man&quot; site. 
@WackoTTL Man, I'm sorry to hear about that 
@jodeci4eva Man its really so hard to tell at times whos real and whos not just takes the fun out of twittering sometimes....  ugh...
just got pulled over!  i guess the whether had me way too hype! lol listening to that dern Juice Man!
Thts al i wana hear! Man im such a bad wife 
Man! I feel ridiculous!  ugh!
Ugh...hadn't flown for awhile.  1st flight today with Whirlwing and I plow into a guy's bipe.    Man, I feel bad.
@dannywood Just the girls outside?? Man Mr. Wood you are breaking my heart 
Hmm... it's get'n easier 2 go thru my day without trip'n off u so much. Easy breezy is beautiful! Haha. Man, but i sure do miss him 
Watching &quot;Yes Man&quot; all by myself   
@Wossy are you excited about Iron Man 2? Following @jon_favreau for onset updates! No pics allowed though 
http://twitpic.com/3lfab - Man I hat art homework. 3 hours for this crap! And still a good few more to go 
Just about to watch the Man-U Everton match with 2 Man-U supporters - will be very tense at our house 
Will have to miss end of Man U vs Everton ass I have to turn up at a work meeting later 
Man...getting up at 10 was horrible....I hardly slept at all. 
@zeero17 tried to eat something before it was like a scene from 'Exorcist'  I'm on my death bed  my Man U t-shirts to you..treasure them
Ahh twitter is....atwitter about Man U losing 
@pmeanwellralph Man U lost the footie 
Just Logged off SWG for the night. missing my Man, he had to work overtime tonight 
bad day   Man Utd lost and KKR dug their own grave...
I want to read &quot;Man-Eaters of Kumaon&quot; for research but it's probably out of print 
@Volmist Yeah, it is awesome.. Man, i'm terribley addicted. I want free stuff...! Why did you get free stuff 
@misterwallace Monkeyboy (pic)! Planning any good promo deals for the Yes Man DVD?  I am looking to pur-chase, but always gift miss deals 
@missyahya man i want a sleeve too! but the Man ain't gonna hire me looking like that 
Man...so sorry to hear that babes. 
Man..... My mind is so blown... I need to relax and go to bed. 
I just Tylenol'd myself up... Man I hope I can fall asleep now 
is wondering why he has had the worst sporting weekend ever. Bulls, Sharks, Hamilton and now Man U ... 
Or if not, he's texting the entire world. Man, why is it so late 
@jonathandann Qt?! Man I thought you were cool 
@SweetChhavvi Man! Everytime I listen to that album I just REALLY want her to come back! 
Man. I'd actually probably sneak out to do it, too 
I'm going to miss Burning Man so much this year   maybe I'll go to Soulstance.  Has anyone else gone to that?  Is it awesome?
Finally in WA. I wish Iron Man 2 was coming out this summer 
Spent today sifting through the charred shed remains. Poor Ram Man's legs had melted off. Most transformers are now just plastic slag. 
@chillininlondon In N Out Burgers. Man I remember them!!!!! I miss America 
@RealWizKhalifa Man, I need to get out. havent been out for about 5 weeks 
Oh dangit, I forgot how sniffly this episode (Company Man) gets me.  #heroes Gotta buck up, can't let the mans see me snifflin.
Man I wanted to see The Grates sooooo bad!! 
Man, What a week. I wish P&amp;L didn't have to leave though 
Man it just started raining 
Crying at pizza hut. Man i love cutting onions 
@tiaswagger ikr! I'm so f'n pissed! This drunk azz girl stepped on my foot... Its bleeding and swole!! Man I pushed her ass so hard!! 
congratulates the Pac-Man! Pero, parang awa mo na, just stick to sports at 'wag ka nang sumali sa mga kalokohan ng pagiging TONGressman! 
@PiKaHsSo Man, my boys did a cool Dilla tribute that never really saw the light of day.  I'll send it to you later.
@Chersie Man, it would have to be talking about the second milestone  Tonight's the night. It will happen again.
Man, I wish I could teleport 
@star_girlsophie Man, I wish I stuck with guitar. 
Man, i almost died without the interenet the other week! how do i get more music 
@arielvargas Man.. I downloaded it.. Liked it.. Then realised it's a freaking 10 day demo and full ver costs like $15 or something..  poo.
@DonSchnure Man I gotta move house to s'where with proper roads!  It's hard to maintain street cred knee deep in mud 
Man I hate my job sundays...  super sleeeepy... Its goodnight for me..: Man I hate my job sundays...  super .. http://tinyurl.com/co6vew
Missed church...and i am so upset. Man i really need to remember to set my alarm for the right times.{duh Cheryl} 
Man 4700? Looks like I need to delete a few. 
What up! Watching MXPX b-movie, drinking beer, it's all good. Man do i suck at golf!  *b
@TiaMowry Oh NO! It was so funny! Man O Man! I just bought all the episodes on Itunes that were avail yesterday! Networks stink! 
@katarinasmama Man I wish we loved close to each other. For so many different reasons! Alas, no nap for me today. 
Man...I worked the whole wknd....kinda sucked 
I'm watching Yes Man on DVD right now because I can't say no 
@CINQUE777 Man I dont even know LOL I dont know if you had to submit for it or something I missed out tho 
@Tire_Man Haha, I know. it's a contest at my work. They give away tickets often. I've never won though 
Man i put wrong answer and i was right below the winner  #sigjeans
After 5 years of ownership, I've finally beaten Spider-Man 2 for PS2. I want Web of Shadows. 
Hahaha, totally effed up that Chinese. Man, it's been too long. 
@Liv_rawr Hell yes I have. Twice in fact. Who do you think I am? It is sad that I've only seen Iron Man today   It was rather good.
Wonders why I torture myself with sad, sappy movies.  Man I haven't cried like that in a long time!  
Man, I failed 
@dnsnow 4 more wins - same as Man U need 
Damn Man Utd won again 
@jaztwitta awww. i'm sorry babe. Man i'm geeked right now going on 0 hrs of sleep.  ask darnelle to give you a massage.
@marcelbooth unfortunately my team lost   (I support Liverpool so wanted Man C to win)
@nickdennis indeed... I've had better weeks. Man Utd next  hope we dont give them the points to win the trophy
Man.... I almost cut my dick off... 
Man. I think I really do dislike cats 
Man I love waking up.....  
Prison break was so awesome! Man, there's not going to be anymore episodes of it anymore  wentworth miller (my love) need to make a show!
@bobbythomas1 wait.. He is?!? Then what is scappy doo? Man, I am going to have to rethink the whole world  thanks prof bobby LOL
I want Adelyn back  Man, all the right songs for the mome are coming on..xx
@pablowapsi Man you are committed. Try to get some sleep though - or else you may rot your mind 
@tsarnick Man Dude...you never even say hi to me anymore...you never have coffee with me anymore...i am feeling way unloved  
making breakfast for me and my Man-cakes..haha.. skipping church again today  .. got to get our acts together!
Home sweet home. Blue Man Group were AMAZING, as was the executive box  Now onto maths revision 
Been up on and off since 4am with a sick baby..... Man I hate throw up and diarrhea 
@stephenfry Burgess' &quot;A Dead Man in Deptford&quot; is brilliant, your tweet just reminded me. Lent it to a friend who subjected it to a beach 
@Mr_Monkey_Man Awww, I'm really sry to hear that 
Man why did I wake up early I'm so tired 
I'm watching in treatment. Man this is what I love about sunday nights. And Monday nights haha. Best show ever! Man I need a life  ha
@KidFco0L LMAO my throat hurts... Man I told myself I wasn't gonna come back from vegas with an STD rhis trip 
why do I sweat more often now?! I just took a bath! Man...... I'm gonna be freakin' stinky soon! 
Ugh...burning the midnight oil like I am still in school   Man tomorrow is going to be a long day!!
Man, this hit a little too close to home  http://pop.ly/1lmi // via popurls.com
In Morrisons. Most useless article in the world. Man who can't make his wife laugh 
Morning!  I'm just getting up. Man its 2 early for me rite now 6:20 am 
Just a Couple of weeks before I start school!! Yeyah boi!! But fir now it's off to work 
Ok for real now...we are on the road. Man this is going to be a really long drive with me feeling this sick. 
Man, i feel worse. 
wishes I could buy a new back at the supermarket. Yesterday we cleaned up the shed so today I have to pay... Man this is annoying 
@AlexTrup : Yip Man is great movie indeed! Fortunately its the 1st episode ! Unfortunately the 2nd one is scheduled in 2011 
@farnie good god that woman is a bloody mermaid ! Man flu still here so having to rest a bit longer 
@Sonisphere Hmmm, well you said they'd all be rock based, and the only one I can think of is School of Rock  Man I suck.
Spider-Man actress Lucy Gordon hangs herself after suicide of a friend. 
ahhhhh @lorip09 Double time...Overtime... I miss that  Man theres a 50% chance of rain this weekend...Booooo ;-)
@chevale Izzat conquer our tv  I'm stuck in my own bedroom. Doing nothing. Man I'm bored!! :-/
@emilyawilliams  Man that sucks. I'm sorry. 
Man i wish i ate breakfast 
@AndrewBarber Man, I'd kill to be sitting outside West right now with a beer. Stuck in  the office 
Farmers markets again tomorrow if I go to sleep now. Man the party boy is growing old. 
Man, this is right happened right by me    http://bit.ly/MuDgC
Man I'm so sleepy its literally making me not feel good 
Man it really sucks when you can't stop thinking about someone even though you know they're not thinking about you. 
Dandelions once again cover my lawn  Man am I tired.
@hblake13 Man... I hope you guys can somehow pull of the miracle... hurt to see you lose like that tonight! 
@tidygraphic Suspect tax-man is at fault.... 
I'm loving the fact that there is tension on the set of Iron Man 2, poor Gwenyth can't handle being in Scarlett's shadow 
Ouch, my back. Man I'm sick 
http://twitpic.com/66roi - Man I miss this truck so much!  had to return it cause it was 687.00 a month and 236.00 ins a month on it : ...
Missed getting my &quot;Twilight&quot; jacket @ modcloth! Man I wish I didn't have long monkey arms and could of gotten the L instead!! 
off to go buy more deck sleeves and 3X3 card pages.  Man, those pages are expensive!   Stupid organizing collection.
Man waking up sucks when u have to go to work like 30 min later 
Medicine Man Oh Medicine Man where for Art thou? FEELiN.... FAiNt... can't....go .....On (lyin on floor)  `````````
@rolandsmartin Awe Man, I hope someone turns it in 
He can't fix it.   I guess I'll write until I get too bored then watch tv. Man, this is lame.
@bobbiepen LMAO!!! Man I was so bummed when she stopped braiding 
I have had the William Shatner version of Rocket Man in my head for 3 days now. It's fucking distracting 
Just leaving the office. I am soooooooo ready to take a shower and go to sleep!! Man am I tired!!! 
#wish27 Man...gonna have to go to bed soon... 
Today is my birthday. I am now 29 going on 30. Man that sounds old. 
Man I'm mad the game is over 
Man I lost miserably in beer pong 
Man, i knew this would happen  the freaking headaches is coming back. Just took some more alieve
@Cube_Man Yo i came, but i didn't see you guys  sad story-  i was also late- so not sure if that had anything to do with it!!
@anneroos Hmm... County Cork ballad still is giving the message: Error loading file  But Metal Man I can listen to. Don't know whats wrong
@desynch Man that sucks...I'm with ya though...supposed to go camping tomorrow..canceled at the last minute 
D-Gray Man is still on hiatus 
@imagni  Man I want to so much.
So they are right!!! It is really bad driving while sleepy, just as bad as drinking and driving. Man, being sick and sleepy sucks 
The Penetrating sound of the drill and the smell of freshly drilled teeth. Aaarh! Man, I HATE going to the dentist 
@anglcjen Man.  Mary didnt even start to breath heavy, and I almost died   Also, I got a fat blister!  A++ will die again in 2 days 
gotta return all of the comments on my myspace page.  Didn't log in for like 2 months.   Man...
@rosiebrooks Man those beached whales bought tears to my eyes  nature can be really messed up sometimes.
Man I wish I would've gotten up sooner so I can go jogging 
Ugh anthony wakes me up every sat. Man i dont wanna go to practice 
@Lyzee42 Man, if I got paid to be bored, I'd be rich by now 
Just cleaned my earring. Man I'm tired 
Losing my mind over my baby boy graduating high school tomorrow. Man time sure flies when u'r havin' fun! Empty Nest Syndrome commin on 
Locked myself out of my house! Man, I hate when I do stupid things 
got back from baseball. Man, we lost 5 games in a row. 
Man, i'm bored  and american dad really isn't that funny :| billy connolly is though 
@selenagomez Man that must really stink. 
Too Much fun at The Dance show with everyone ;P Man i miss dancing, it was so much fun being on that stage 
Just got finished watching the sexy spec vid for the 1000th time. Man he's sexy...too bad he's gay 
Man why is my ryu and ken better than my Gouki in 3s 
Man H U needs to inject some testosterone back into the concert 
It Is storming like crazy over here! Man, the weather might keep home on this saturday night! 
@PaulCooley: Man I really think my router is fried... I hate not being able to get online  ... that hurts!
Supa Man owning the CAVS... 
Getting ready for bed. I know, it's only 8:30.  Man, I feel old! 
I just remembered what today is... six years. Man, my heart hurts. ps  9.
@JManTN Man i wish we were there with you 
Just got off work! Man I'm pooped 
@DJSharam y u remind me about Man U......noooooo 
Stayed in tonight watching &quot;Man Eater&quot; with my man.... Boy I feel old  I have to wait til tomorrow to find out what happens.
I feel like removing my whole reproductive system for a week.... Woman hood is killing me right now 
Man, this dohaaljevan business is so embarassing! 
Man bitches in the club fighting 
@enricoeric: try again 2morrow ? Man I'm telling u the hawaiian waters r way over fished 
@ddlovato Now I bring it everywere I go. Man Changeling is so sad!! I hate that stupid ditective or whatever!! She never found her son. 
Landed in KC... Thinkin about my Lil Man bc for the 1st time he's not here to kiss me when I get off the plane 
Another gorgeous day in the A! Man I keep saying I'm gonna wash my clothes yet I keep walking past the W&amp;D LOL. Someone gonna help me? 
Man my ears are hurting 
@freemandaddy5 HAHAHAHAAHA.. Man now I really wish I would have been able to come 
Man I am tired 
Please follow @NCISfanatic - Man, I really need some followers! Forever stuck below the 2000 limit I guess 
Getting ready to head back to Freddie....Awww Man! 
@ChrisFocus &quot;The Most Interesting Man Alive.&quot; Lol. Nigga! I played 40 hands last night. I passed out and woke up gas 
I feel that Norwich is just not the same without Puppet Man 
Man, I ain't been online all day!! 
 Man, I hate cleaning T^T
@ABond07 ohhhh I want an orange cream shake from Earl's!! Man I wish I could be there for your bday 
@girlanime  Man I'd think by this point working anywhere else you can find a job would be better (and pay more!)  Sorry hon. *hugs*
At the Four Seasons for sushi and drinks - I hope Sue's Man vs Wild amazon adventure is going well!!  No updates yet 
@darealfitz What are yall doing? Man I had my swimming suit and everything ready! 
@Milk_Man05 Dude I can't see anything again 
So now I've gotten a mac book pro - Man I wish I'd bought that macHeist 3 bundle 
@GregHorrorShow I'm still sad from the Man Utd lost 
@theweesteev Man, that hurts   Finished it ... yesterday.  Most annoying moments were due to hot weather melting me.  Weird/great ending!
@justiniiams. Man, u guys need 2 cut that shit out, it sounds like fun. I can't affrd anthr addiction  I don't hve time as it is...
nothing about it have seen it already. Man, I even watched the show and saw some of the movies and stuff, but haven't gotten to it yet... 
another scorcher on the Isle of Man. Shame I have to go to work 
Off to school :/ Man that sucks ass conpletley   Fun fun fun  And English exam tommorrow 
@deanydean Hudson? Maven? Man, am I ever buzzword-illiterate 
I wanna watch Yes Man again :\  I miss that show ! 
Man, I wish I could go to E3 tomorrow......   
Waiting for AT&amp;T to call and tell me we are on for the Opt-E-Man changes. If not we will be making the changes tomorrow 
Man I need to get better at tweeting during the weekend 
Morning! E3 week begins this morning with Microsoft's press conference this morning. Man, I wish I could of gone this year. I miss E3 
Man the xterra stinks!! 
@PrncessBri i had to work  sad i couldnt make it! I forgot you lil bro went to Hamady! Man we gettin old..lol
Man, just stepped no my J's! 
@christina650 Man that sucks 
@bopeepsheep Suspect I know the story you mean.   How about http://tinyurl.com/2qm5ah for comic relief?
@MissBoogie greedy as hell LOL .!! Man I'm hungry!!! I needs a meal 
@deannamonique85 o lord I needa get ready for that weekend! Man I wished ur ass still lived here in s.a with us... 
Woooh....coffee and such. Man, wish I could 'chill/hang out' but no longer an option  Boo!
@Swaybabes been watching loads of SON clips &amp; behind the scenes on youtube. Man i cant believe no more eps  Spashley 4ever lol
Just downloaded Mega Man 9. It's retro-hard! 
Its crazy mondays like this that i wana just go home, chill &amp; watch Kyle XY. Man i miss that show so much! 
@TheRecruiterGuy Man, this would have been good to know before I booked the flight ;) think, I'm going to miss it  #GolfTweetUp #twtvite
Got our new furniture today....SO much work! but I'm so proud of it! Man i'm pooped...and i still gotta work out! 
Double E, G, double E... Man I miss Eegees!!! Slurpies just aren't the same... 
@thembithembi that makes me sad. And scared about my prospects as a freelancer trying to make her way in the world. Man, things are rough 
@NourAlFulaij Man you and @bedour need to stop with the abbreviations LOL JDMA OMNTDA ANTM OOKA  Shino these shows lol
ok. nighters, peeps. missing my Man sucks 
Eating some good mangos. Man i miss my beezy. 
@idreamofdraco Man, I haven't written in like, 4 or 5 days. I can't use my laptop 
@miizronnie lol yes. Man I'm sad didn't see coco today &amp; haven't spoken to him in a week 
back pain. No cheer for 2 weeks  what is this man. And, in for mkis. Man, bad day x100000 like how alysha lee says :p
Going to school. Man it's gonna be hot today. High of 90! 
Man I hate slow connections 
Hey Soul Man - When you figure out how to upload the picture let me know........I'm having the same problem 
Man, I have a huge forehead... 
@KIMP19 Uh oh!!!!! Man.....I hope he stil goes w/you!!!!! I'm sorry girlie 
I was like, &quot;Man, it's dark in here!&quot; ...didn't notice the tarp over the skylight 
Man, I forgot to put mustard on my sandwich 
@chinnarin no, in talks with Man Shitty  MAN SHITTY! WHY!
@Nkluvr4eva UGH!!!!!!! Man....that sux 
disappointed by Keyboard Cat's appearance on the MTV movie awards.  he's &quot;sold out&quot; to &quot;the Man&quot; already 
Sitting at a graduation right now. Man this is boring 
@melster_yo u kno it's the truth!!! Man I'm so close to buying sims 3! The special edition one is 20 bucks more! 
Man, forensics guy's contract was up. 
Anybody noticed the new NutraGrain TV spot? The one shot in 1st person? Man, it's so simple &amp; creative. Wish I'd thought of it. 
Man i miss everyone 
is going to get his Man Utd tickets! But training passes're sold out though 
Damn, I fell like I have nothing to write about Magritte and Son of Man 
Man, 'Dixie drumstix in a biskit' are not what they used to be 
Man....................................... now i'm hungry 
@kshepherd Man! I don't know how you guys are doing it, 'cause I totally fail at it ... 
Hungry Man TV dinner for lunch ftw. And granola bars and mixed fruit. I'm sorry, Whataburger. 
Man this is not how i expected my summer to start! 
Man, why do I always have to turn down the good trips?!? 
Man y didn't I tell him before how I felt?! Now I might b too late 
12 hours power cut - 7 a.m to 7 p.  Man does this suck or what. http://ff.im/3CQs7
@centrinoduo91 @Mousti_Man I got CP, but then fixed myself so cancelled it, then it broke again 
Off to get my eyebrows done at lunch.  Man, being a woman is painful. 
Man, I still haven't been to the park 
Rainy day  Maxin' out and watching &quot;Yes Man.&quot;
So worst weekend 2 b outta town  my brother @TheRealTWill will b here @RickyAnderson bday &amp; my dear @trulyblessed13 party! Man. :'(
my car got keyed at school today  Man I will miss that place over the summer
no one to watch Man Ray films with 
@GetAtMe1911 Man I am not feelin this weather at all 
Man I wish I was in L.A right now 
is playing the Aion beta  !!! Man I'm a nerd 
@TreeinCally Man that's bad... 
@chelseagsummers Man, wish I were anywhere near NYC.    I would definitely go!
@JJonZ100 Oh JJ, don't tempt me Man! I'm on an 8-day detox &amp; I'm only on Day 4, so I can't have wine!  But wine would be so perfect 2day 
Man I lost a follower 
Ugh now I feel miserable. Man reading that stuff was a baad idea  Might go start making cupcakes instead of shopping and feeling worse
Oldest son graduated from high school. Man, those 4 years flew by. He leaves for USAFA in 3 weeks. We only just got him 18 years ago!  
Man my tat guy is not here fuckkkk!! I got to come back monday!! Ugh 
Man I'm freakin sick 
Bryce is out  ...Man this is the way to watch poker - condensed 1 hour programs are nuttin
Man hysteria is in sac for once and i'm not there?! 
@kirstiealley - Man, the things I could tell you from personal expierence re: sexual perdators &amp; sexual assault. Holy shit. They are free 
Man I hope you feel better tomorrow! 
@MissStefany aint it the truth tho!? Man i used to live couple blocks from the one in daly city....memories  haha
No summer jam for me  womp but...its its its Serani &amp; that bombaclot Elephant Man on Sunday @ BB Kings...
Man, forums been dead latley 
My feet r crampn from walkn all ova da damn field lookn fo all my graduates.. Man i miss high sku 
Sod's law: Today's Isle of Man TT postponed by rain. 
* more mins til Beauty and the Beast is over  Man I have been crying all night
Its almost 4 am and I am watching bleach on hulu... Man I need a life! 
having trouble with my device. *sob* Man my tweets are not being posted. ugh 
How does semi-formal dress code look like? Man, i dont even have anything close to formal for tomoro 
Man aint even got setanta sports!!! 
@tommcfly Dude, why you do a meet &amp; Greet in argentina and not do here, in Brazil? Man, we do everything to see you 
Man i had to wake up at 6 in the morning i'm so tired right now tht i cant keep it open 
can't start sewing my top - no bias tape   Man I should just go back to bed
Man I so want mcdonalds breakfast.. 
only five days left at ihs!! the official end of six years, we have reached the end of an era. Man im gonna miss everyone  A x
The worst? Spider-Man 3  I wanted outta the theater so bad (since I had to pee). That woulda been fine if I were watching Superman Returns
But this was Spider-Man 3. I feel so ashamed. 
@Gallops UNTIL AUGUST?!  Lame. Man. I just lame o.o
@lonestar56 Man, I should do that, too, but there are video games to play. I've not run in a month. 
http://twitpic.com/6qzkw - Man good friends are hard to come by...Long distance best friends  ...Almost A year since that pic.
@keeperofdreams oh I have a neti pot but it`s been bad for a couple of days. Couple times they`ve plugged right up so neti doesn`t work 
@paulanicole13 how are the newlyweds? They must have a nice tan, danny &amp; jen both tan really well. Man i wish i had a tan  haha
@anrapa Man, I hope I didn't get it 
@dub202 Man I don't even know.I wanna go back to sleep when I get home.But he told me he was.I missed him. 
Man i ate that quick 
Old Man Curcuru is headed to his nephew's college graduation party.  Didn't I just finish college...12 years ago 
@mbreitweiser Man that sucks.  Yeah, anime kids are picky.  Lucky for me they love the Runaways. XD BANK!
The test was negative. Sigh. Annd I have work in like an hour  Man it's just a bad day all around.
@ItsJustDi Man. I hope you feel better.  At least it's not 3093 degrees out. Tummyache and sweltering is not fun. :|
Man it gloomy outside 
my dad bought him &amp; his bro. when we were kids. Man! He's about 10 years old now. I hope the raccoons don't  snag him.  #flylady
Man i'm so bored right now  i wish i can hang out with someone
Suddenly, i felt depressed. Man, learned this afternoon to not meddle with the affairs of the heart. 
sigh...Man...I have to have surgery next week. WTF. I'm not happy 
Man I hate having a dream where you are peeing somewhere and really you're pissing in your bed  fml
Man... he's got six laps to catch him. Just don't think it'll happen. 
@gypsyraven Man.... I want... 
Going to bed now. Man, my word count for the entire week really bites. 
@zren21 creation? Its just a picture right now. Man Idk how to do my page 
Man am I bored....I am tired but not tired enough...I should go to bed because I have to get up early.  
Fuck Man i just found out today that the doctors gave my grandfather only 2-6 weeks to live.....  this is some depressing shit...
@LatinoSoul I'm sorry I missed it! I had to take my buddy home.   Man that show was off the hook!!!  I left a little before five.
Man, I went to all the effort of watching television and it didn't even devolve into a fistfight 
Man, i hate to leave home, shucks! 
Just woke up... Man I wish I had been here for the Florida question 
 Man I don't feel good...
Man I need to buy some lotion 
The Panda is slipping down the Green Man chart 
wishes she could get at least 1 reply about how he is doing...  Man...I guess I'm just stuck with no one to talk to.
- Beth left  Man oh man. Wanted to go tanning today. But I dont think that im going to be able to. Makes me sad. Boo hoo. 
@bfrank87 Man! You keep missing all the 1 vs. 100 fun  I think it runs until 9:30 tonight though so maybe you'll get to play a bit.
@xinmyname Man, not only do I not photograph well, I LOOK OLD. 
Played softball for Ch. 8 today.  Man, am I sore. 
@stepheneyre Is this tea free? or do we just get the bonus of drinking lots of tea for a reason. Man i want a cup of tea, kettle too far 
oh Man, my trackball is still not getting right... I tried what you folks told me 
I just finished all 403 pages of Train Man in one sitting. So touching... and inspiring... yet leaving me feeling all lonely 
@iCut34 alex! Man shawn with no cut = shawn with no swagg 
Study??? Man that's sucks 
Has decided to watch a documentary on Elephant Man first. Incredible story. Very sad too. 
@GeneTheFotog Man... pickin' on a little ole lvl 5  SHeeeeshhh.
@mdoolittle Man, I'm going to be in D.C. but exactly a week too late. 
@msnye u better.... Man o man pray for me cause I might end up @ the ER before the night is over. 
Sand Man,  Plz come visit me &amp; pour some of ur magic dust in my eyes.I can NOT fall asleep.  2 many things on the mind..feeling sry..
Man im so tired but i cant go to sleep y??? 
@catmommy9-Is there no one who can help you install the AC in the window? Man, i wish we lived closer, the teens could do it. 
Humidity would be ok if not in suit. Man was born free but is everywhere in suits 
#iremember Pogs, yoyos, sherbert straws and Gogos at school. Man those things were go fun they always got banned 
#iremember Pogs, yoyos, sherbert straws and Gogos at school. Man those things were so fun they always got banned 
Man, i am feeling damn sleepy right now..! 
Man am I sick of studying   http://yfrog.com/0jxnxj
@shivasdiva hiiiii! I got ur text late...  Man, we def need to do whole in the wall tho. This is gonna be a long week, I can FEEL IT!
@JMarieB09 lol. Man. I woke up thinkin about all kinds of things but that jus happened to  be at the top of the list lol. I hate school 
Gone are the days of sleeping b4 11pm. Man i hate this... I want early sleep! 
Just watched the last episode in Season 4 of Doctor Who. Man, did I cry. I can't believe David isn't going to be the Doctor anymore. 
Man it goes by so fast..    http://twitpic.com/7h6f6
Customer service and sales is NOT the same thing!!!! Aaahhhhhh! Man! 
Customer service and sales are NOT the same thing!!!! Aaahhhhhh! Man! 
@gowalla Man, I was there for the scrubbed launch, and now some one beat me to it. Twist the knife! 
An hour left. Man my neck is killing me, I think I slept on it the wrong way 
@thebehem0th Man I totally am going to miss out on that then   They were really cool looking 360's.
&quot;Spider-Man&quot;. Sorry. Lost some geek points there. 
Love my Man but am in so much pain 
@Mousti_Man @UKDanneh Then where would I go to cry?! 
Man i feel like shit 
@radsnowgirl Man, now I feel so sorry for the nice guy full of prostate cancer 
Documenting my code! Man, but I've got to learn to do this AS I write it, not after. 
Man i need a little nap 
This morning I was combing my hair and broke the comb.  Man that is some nappy hair. LOL
@JacobNordby Man what an awful job. There were SO many good presentations. I hate to be the bad guy. 
What happened to doing it for the fans? and not wanting to end it?  Man I miss dream street sooo much!!
&amp; when I do sip I have a limit of2unless I'm w/my Man which  but If I did I'll probably have 1or2more &gt;8-&gt; gottaTRUST my man 2have my back
I am so sunburnt. Man I hate being so white sometimes. 
- damn watchin Spidey Man 3  ::tears:: it touched my soul lol
@MixedByMrB  poor guy. Man I never been and hope to never go cause if I do have to go, all I'd say is &quot;guilty&quot;
@metalgirl777 thats so sad... Man i wish we could do something about the poor thing. 
@SaschaGerstner Man, that sucks!  I hear about this happening to lots of people. Is there any way to get those pages taken down?
I wanna cry. I hate letting freinds go  What a fucked up crazy day. No worries RadL we can do this brother! Your Macho Man to my Hogan!
@rodriguezralph In DC they get 5 hours? Man... I'm missing out - I only get 3 hours of Phil 
I'm hungry... I want pizza.. I fell in loveee with the PIZZA girrrrl now' I eat pizza errday... Yuuuup. Man, I miss my bestfriend 
still at work though.  Man we might not get out til two am. Hopefully i wont be late for work at TMW tomorrow. Lotsa good stuff at vic ...
@patrick_harper Man, you are having a bad week! 
Man dang gotta go  to work but want more sleep 
Just watch the entire series of 24. And I don't even like it! Man, I can't sleep. 
@terylharrington Man, I haven't had a good night sleep since I've been here. Terrible mattress, tiny bed, mosquitos and no A/C 
got Man on a wire  DVD for daddy's day  &amp; Empire - not 20th Bday one though 
Just started taking cholesterol meds (too lower it not increase it).  Man, middle age...  
@Jess4Leon Votedd =]] Man I Miss Him  Lol x
@connie75   I heard.  I am so sorry to hear that.  I know it is so disappointing.  Man.  that stinks. U will definitely have to visit now
Okay, off to landscaping co this morning - a pair of bids to get out &amp; a new 1 to prep for Boss Man to give me #s on  it's WET out there 
@chyeahitsalicia the bookstore i intervired for four months ago. Man, I feel like I'm going back to the past  save meeee
Lord please teach me patience. Man i hate waiting for stuff 
Man woke up with a belly ache 
Uggggh, my mom woke me up again. Man, im not even going to soak city tday 
Man. Why do I have to work for the man.... 
@heich_dee Man,I miss that kind of coldness.No oily face!Lol.N my body clock had to adapt to sch time. When I'm awake,hes aslp.vice versa 
Lunch, lunch, lunch. Man, I feel like an older coworker who eat at 11 everyday because they got up at 5 a.m.. 
Man being a little kid is hard   I remember!!!
ARGH! a bearing for $85!! Man... I am so poor! 
@caseyyyyyy Already had a little bacon this morning and it wasn't enough.  Man that sandwich was good!
@sallysimpleton No way! Man, that wrecks me.  
@ChristianRep Man, that is terrible!    I'm sad 4 you, but glad he is OK.  Accidents happen and I'm sure he learned a LOT from it.
Mollye's house.   Man I'm still a tomato 
@dellydel44 well damn! u know we aint got it unless my mom makes teriyaki chckn &amp; musubi's &amp; shit! LOL Man I want heaven in my mouf!  LMAO
@Infamousp stfu!!!! Man i'm at work 
We lost a Great Man and Actor. R.I.P David Carrdine  1936-2009 http://bit.ly/12yJkx
Home. I am going to bed early tonight again. I really just gotta get out of this slump. I've been slacking. Man! 
Man I had a bad day 
Man, math is going so slowly  TWO MORE DAYS THOUGH.
@newmediajim Just saw @CathyBrooks' photo - Man! You get to hang with all the best people. *grumbles as she toils away in Montreal 
@Gilamuffin Not much longer!! Man time flies the older you get 
Really Tired Man 
UGH... Man, have I missed Dora. 
Just when life was beautiful, computer problems.  Can I get a fracking break pleazzzzzzzzzz! Man! Looks like a job for bed.
I just took a nap so I can't sleep! Man I'm going to be falling asleep again at yes co 
Man, I'm pissed! I can't believe this is how your fellow Twitterers treat you. 
fell asleep watching Man on Wire, but only cuz I wuz tired 
@OfficialEd but the burning question is what team? Better not be Man Utd 
Boring Man eating his apple early again. Maybe he's not sleeping, has no time for breakfast, making him hungry. Problems with his wife? 
Nothing on tv, no mountain dew, really bored, kind of tired, dentist appointment later, and feel invisible....Man this sucks! 
4real mp3 player, u just gone stop working like that when I need u the most??? Man this is gonna b a stupid long train ride 
Man i was doing so good not falling asleep haha.... and then i fell asleep 
Looking up info about European Union and Turkey... Man, do I hate history projects 
I hate being so busy I have no time to realise Communicasia is on now. Man! What a day I have had. 
Man my budget is so tight I can't even afford to tip.  I told her it was a recession. I feel like shit 
Man I'm not feeling so good 
@mzkerribaby no, I didn't see, what did u eat? Man, you talked me out of my I-Hop, now I'm eating cereal!  lol
@PhoenixAshes33 Woman, you totally should have let him make that sign. 
@JuicyJones Man, I fail at reading Outlook Calendar. 
At this particular moment in time, &quot;Piano Man&quot; is the worst song I have ever heard, ever. It also happens to be on the radio in the back. 
@iamsmartalek Man, that is such a bummer to hear.  I never even did the last software upgrade in anticipation of this one.  
@BT Man, only coming up with Kimosabe right now. 
Chattin 2 the G-Man, miss him  come home gareth.
Is quite upset. Man at church died today 
Man i cut my foot. &amp;&amp; idk how i got cut.. but it hurtz 
Man I scratched my screen 
Just got home! Man, its finally starting to feel like summer! 
@ddlovato YAY!! I am going to your Jul. 16th concert!!Man, I won't be meeting you cause I'm gonna be in the middle 
Just ate meat for the first time in months. Man I feel horrible for that chicken that became my dinner. 
Just got done emailing my baby.. Man i cant wait 2 see him again and have him here with me... 
@dragoneyes No chocolate ice cream?  Man, you ARE sick! 
Man, when is my new bed coming in?? 
What. I alrdy got here. And my stuff are heavy  who you with. OMG! I had all excellent ticks in boxes except one. Man can they just gi ...
*twugs* mami! I need one too  @janinerockwell Man do I feel like a real ass right now; I'm in need of a hug (pouting)
@mymoneyshrugged Not messing with me anymore?!  Man, my mom always told me to not talk politics!
Man  i shoulda known.
@estelofimladris Man, I'm sorry.  Check your e-mail, I sent you something... interesting. ;D
@KRITTER86 Man me too !  Taking applications ! LOL
2 exams down, 11 more to go!! Man thats alot!!!! 
At Washington national airport waiting on this flight to miami.  Man, I'm sooooo sleepy. 
Alright let's get this bullsh*t that people call work out the way. Man I wish I was still at home in the bed!!! 
@RockIt_Man i was until Henry was let go.  now im more of a chelsea supporter. DRRROOOOGGGGGBAAAAA!!! :-D (he was just suspended 4 games)
@jaredisluv http://twitpic.com/7pbot - woootness! Man I miss him.  Awesome pic! 
@RockIt_Man i scored a goal from 40 ft out when i was younger! but it was a pass....and i just overhauled and miss 
@sayomibaka Man I wish I could have. I was apparently really beat, because Dusty was seizing this morning and I didn't wake up. 
@RockIt_Man Oh no. 
Listening to Theroy of a Dead Man - BadGirlfriend. Waiting till work at 11 
@ericMesquivel Jeez man, best of luck out there...   ...although the Punisher/Man-Thing shout out was funny.....
Man my back is killing me 
@TheTrendsetterZ lmao. Man I was heated. He ruined the repeat. We was 11-1 
Oh Man @mikejcarroll is listening to Muppets show tunes, while @khenry81 and i cover our ears 
I thought &quot;Chatty Man&quot; a let down, cos I thought it was him randomly walking around as a toddler like his advert 
Man becoz of some odd reason my dragonsky installer got corrupted  downloading it again now.have to wait,over again
@ownpye Man I want to come sooo bad but I'm a leader at a camp like 5 hours away and we won't be back until the 4th I believe 
@OwenPye Man I want to come sooo bad but I'm a leader at a camp like 5 hours away and we won't be back until the 4th I believe 
I am hoping that Mitchell and Webb based Captain Todger on Wank Man. I doubt they've even heard of Wank Man 
Started moving out of my apt today. Hmph so many good times and a few bad. I pretty much lived here for 3 yrs. Man this makes me sad 
Man... wrong timing is no fun. 
I like cake and ice cream. Man im fat.   
@LissaFone wow is cayden already that old? Man that makes me feel old. 
Chillin' by the pool wit' wifey and the boys. Man its hot outside. 
@thepartyking Man I hate I missed that mixer!!! I didn't get off til 9.  I will definitely be at the next one!
since i didnt start from the beginning. Man its going to hurt my heart to hear him cry himself to sleep... Thats what i get 
@teeco71 !! Man I never talk to you anymore  You've fallen off my radar babe - come say hello sometime!
Man damn! I have no more donuts. 
Just had a nightmare that Porno Man shot me.  But we weren't in the library, we were in some sort of family drama show.  Now can't sleep. 
Man, working late again 
Man! It stopped raining... 
Putting mother nature to good use! Man i'm baked  goodnight twitter and world.
sees the comparison. Man, that aint cool. 
@Mr_Taxi_Man Sorry to hear that. Best wishes 
Not playing Champ Man 
@WirelessRage aw Man I wanted a free case!  lol
@Mr_Taxi_Man I'm so so sorry.. Sending you my thoughts and some virtual hugs 
Laying in bed... Man I am comfy... I should probably be sleeping though... 
@ChrisWalshie Very funny Man from Downunder! I was not cooking, I was sleeping 
I have yet to finish watching the last 4 episodes of Cinderella Man. I can't find one with an English sub from my favorite torrents 
Only two hours to go and I'm home! Shame Logic Man's off to Uni though 
@Thesnipergecko Man thats insane. I'm waiting for my 3G jailbreak! I miss my full flexibility 
Tummy hurts... Cold sweats... Man I just wanna go home. 
Dammit, Ikea do not ship to the Isle of Man 
Man i need an I-pod gotta listen to music rite now! 
Man can't seem to get out of bed... But I must 
Dr. A: I think I did read that email, but I haven't looked at it again.  Man, you guys are so mean... 
Man lame dog doesn't wanna cuddle with me 
Yay!!!  The -verse man FINALLY showed up!!!  I feel like a complete person again!  Man am I reliant on cable 
@Mr_Taxi_Man My deepest sympathies go out to you and all members of your family 
@KateRothwell Man, we never get ice cream trucks in this neighborhood  Not even when there were a lot of kids!
@iDREAMofMIMI Hey chica...im having a hair crisis!!! Mayday Mayday! Man down code 10!!! 
Plain noodles at my favorite restaurant, yum!! NAWT! Man, I hate this diet 
I kinda like the new keri hilson song. Wow im watchin 106 and park. Man this would be so much with AJ and Free  back to my old school &lt;/3
Pac Man tourney: I got highest individual score (18k in 3 mins) but our team came in 5th. No prizes for individuals 
has been watching &quot;Dead Man's Shoes&quot;. Didn't really like it, was too sad  Made me cry a bit lol
@brennabeesmalls Ah, now that doesn't sound so awesome. Man, I always confuse you.  Michael Cera is in Year One. :b
Man looking for the collage i want to go to is hard   *victoria*
chilln....textin my homie! Man i miss all my friends! 
Man this is making me cry  http://tinyurl.com/l9chey BAWWW
@Sumpinelse lol, right!!!  Man they r totally suckin today.  
I think I pulled a muscle in my leg when I was running, not cool. Man this hurts! 
@therealjoaquinp You are? Man, I hope it's a fine Chardonnay, white preferably. Feel really badly that I cannot join you. 
@AshleyKA25 I miss u roomie! Man ima miss y'all asses when we move  love u!! Have funnnn! I'm just like you! (I kno my roomies! Haha)
@VARSITYFC guys I got so excited because I'm going with my church group on the 26th to six flags and I was like omg perfect! Man 
@RockIt_Man Eww. I can't find the movieee! 
I think I just caught the ending of underworld. Man. 
@michaelbelshay1  OH, so remember when I told yu not to let the boogy man get you? : The_Boogy_Man@ohaycaytay I'll get you instead!
@otmg Man I miss Odyssey records. I LOVED going there and just spending hours searching thru shit.  at least white cross is still there...
Man I just wana staying in bed 
So now Tevez is leaving Man U ...Not a happy lass 2day 
@StimulatedMoan Not good, either got Man-flu or Swine-flu  x
@BrandisDanyelle awww tell her I said congrats!! Man I'm up and at work  got lke 2 hrs of sleep! Smh
No Rafa at wimbledon?!?!?! Check it out  http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/sport/tennis/article6538282.ece Man oh man.
Man, Linkinus v2 just seems to be more trouble than it's worth... 
@carlsalazar Neither have I.  Man, I've got to find a way to start doing mine.
I just found a 6lb bag of boneless skinless chicken that I had left in my car trunk since thursday. Man did it stink! 
@RivenSky Man, is there no hope for a lasting marriage? 
Thank good @gootecks is commenting the 3s stuff, cause otherwise I wouldn't understand what's going on. Man, Fubar missed so much shit 
ready for my close up lol!!! Man its so ugly outside  where did the sun go?
@sheenabeaston Man I haven't seen her live since her Teaches of Peaches days. 
@Rondhi I love all the ones from Exploding Dog! Man, I love too many of those things; not enough hardware to justify buying more. 
Is watching the Blue Man Group and wondering why i'm feeling nautious again...hopefully the medicine works soon 
Pretty sure there's no coffee in my frappuccino.  Man, this Starbucks must not like me cause last week they put espresso in my Chai. Nasty
@gimmeapuck hahah no seriously I took 2 kionopin &amp; was OUT. Man, I so want a slush, but I know i must refrain. And some tots. 
@ashleytisdale Man, I wish I had known sooner. I would have totally been there! 
feeling dizzy since lunch. Man I haven't even been on a videogame rampage or anything  Better go to bed before my mind goes dakota
Reading posts on #iranelection . Man it's nuts over there right now. 
Man, my friend never called me back 
Dinner time. Man my legs are killin me 
@PotatoHead  Man, good game though.
Man I hate tension filled silence more than angry shouting. 
Man i want him so much right now 
@doubleL621 I love She's All That. I am about to watch She's The Man! Sorry you got the lonely blues 
@shineonmedia http://twitpic.com/7yva1 - Man I wish I was their  oh well 5 months till I get to see them
Man, i have nothing to do now 
@cvpuerro Man, I really dislike Rachel's comedy, but that was painful. 
Man i feel lonely and depress right now i wish this would go away 
Oh Man. I forgot how sad the end of this is england is.  i almost cried. 
Man cody i cant even sleep. 
@Queen_DEBI I don't have a ride debi or I'd be there.. Man I'm sorry.. We came in my friends car tonight.. 
@josceola Man By the time me &amp; @darealyoungwise was ready to bounce, it was no point.. It would have been over by the time we got there 
Man it sux that my teeth are missing 
Jakarta. Man, i wish i still at minas playing guitar with friends. 
is headed to mty right now. I just want to sleep. Iron Man was a failure. I slept 
Losing split decision after fighting like a Fucking Man, So easy even a cave man can do it. 
@pennyman Man I'm missing out 
M hungryyy lyk hell....N der s nothing 2 eat in here...Man,i dnt hav d strength 2 prepare sumthing..... Boo... 
@Bangulo16 they totally woke me up. Couple of times. Not all of them, only 2. (third one is too shy for bothering me), but it was enough 
it's past midnight and i gota work tomorrow! Man thats all i seem to do! All work and no play 
Oh Man espn outside the lines.... tear 
Hmm should i go to the much music video awards?? Man i really wid @souljaboytellem was performing at the awards this year 
Man I love maxwell but I'm not in love with this new album. That makes me 
@zenojones Man... This shit is garbage right now 
Man I want to go to the concert really bad...I hate not being able to drive 
Man I would love to have oprah as my employer 
Man I want some gumbo 2! 
I just realized my dead creatures are an excuse for my cyberfriends to party. *Without * me   Man oh man... see if I report a carcass LOL
http://tinyurl.com/lpj7y9  How sad!!!!!! Man I was really hoping the show would continue, but I guess season 4 is the end! 
Seriously, does it need to get any hotter?  Man, I'm a cranky fool today.
Man so much music to download not enough time to listen to it all 
Man, I wish the humidity would come down some. It's making me miserable 
Nevermind. Man, I need to get myself a cellphone 
Home ill today. Man came to fix cable box. Slightly embarrased when he just plugged it in 
Man. I just burnt my grilled cheese 
Another day lined up! Man, I got up super duper late today!!  * d sad pt is that I could prolly go RITE back to sleep.
Awes i sorta half asleep. Man srry guy i cant wak up 
Man I really need to stop losing things that I actually reeeally need... 
's 20 year family cat Papa is getting put down this week  wtf is up?! Did someone put a curse on me this month? Man oh man...
@tinywook Man I hate these rainy gray days... 
@dancox42  it will probably be repeated. Chatty Man is deffo funnier than JLC's show.
@TheeRealFDHC Man I miss all the BopCasts due to work  Ill make up for my absence though!
@knightryder76 Man one night out when you're feeling better and she ruins it. 
Man, I really hate being single! 
@Tire_Man  guy at Belle said there was nothing wrong, until I asked that he test drive it, at which time he made an educated guess 
@FlakeMusic Man I would've sprung for the good stuff too!  You are a tough nut to crack!
Man...  I have the strongest craving for a redbull 
Whew! Done with photos for tonight. Man, I need photography help. 
Dead beat dad here. As in, this dad is beat! Man, moving aint no fun. Been up since 6 and tomorrow is round 3.  #fb
Man, that sucks. 
Man I wish I had some vegitables 
@lemonjuice It seems you haven't ventured into the world of Excel. Man I tell you its no programmer's job 
@painted_duchess Man that is SHIT about the hard drive! Losers! I have lost thousands of precious photos over the years 
Finished 11th. Not bad but not in the top three  Man I wish the cards went my way on a few hands. The turn and river killed me today.
[-O] Finished 11th. Not bad but not in the top three  Man I wish the cards went my way on a few hands. The.. http://tinyurl.com/nsfan3
@ProducedbyOmen Man that shit looks duuuuuuuumb Rtardedididid  He's trippin.
@GordonVanDyke http://twitpic.com/8csw8 - Man good luck! Your making us feel sad for you 
@stopwatchheart - Man, I love your bridges photos. They are gorgeous; those colours! I miss shooting w/you like mad. 
Man I wish @marinallamas and @jhernandez87 were in hawaii.... 
Reading about the dreadful massacre in Tehran yesterday. Man's inhumanity to man is just sickening sometimes 
@g33kgurrl Man, I hate that. Arghhh.  I was trying to do a demo yesterday and damn NW cable keep coming loose whenever I moved the mouse. 
@RyanMacklin yes indeed... solo DRYH, such a tasty treat.  I won't be able to test the Bad Man rules hacks though. 
@sarahhnade Man. I wish I could have gone to Josh's last night 
yay just trying out new phone with internet. Man i hate jetlag  woke up in the middle of the night
Man soon came quicker then i thought it would 
Karaokee last night until 2330... Man that SGS crowd is crazy!  lol.  And then MBA discussion after   I tired...
Man when I get home I'm just not sleepy any more 
Finally thru and waiting to board the plane. Man I'm runnin off of like 2 hours sleep  holdin off on coffee till we land.
@ericboehs Man I can't even remember the last time I had a $100 dollar bill. Just $1s and $5s over here. 
Couple of hours to add one more number to my age  aaargh this cold.. im feeling not everything is fine..
@PolluxSJ I hear you... thinking that I'm going to have to take a year off form Burning Man for that very reason 
Friend just asked me to be his Best Man. Guess that means a trip to Twin Falls, ID next year  What are the responsibilities of a Best Man?
@Mike_Greening .Man - you need to get back on the horse. 
@Clamson NOOOOOOOOO!!! As cool as Iron Man is, women are way better. On the other hand, Iron Man doesn't nag or talk back.   
@saudarilee Hey hey, where did you get the Man U rompers? Are there any other club rompers available? Thanks  -Zee
@azuritetalk Man, im glad to see that you're starting to rebuild things, all my best wishes for your future. 
@gabbler well you are a Charming Man, after all 
@vipvirtualsols my gawd! Where did you find that!? Man I feel ancient all of a sudden lol lol 
@gjarnling Man, how are you? Haven't seen you for a while 
I watched Jim carreys &quot;Yes Man&quot; last night and actually enjoyed it!  Its a good enough show 
@dkeats LMS also stands for Little Man Syndrome 
The Italian Man Who Went to Malta  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1TnzCiUSI0  good stuff 
Here is a photo taken by me. The photo of the day.  Friendly Neighborhood  Spider-Man  http://twitpic.com/2yggg
Rain Man had it wrong.  Kmart doesnt suck.  Wal Mart does!  Ok  maybe both do! 
@NicoleLaurenL do you mean documentary? If so, may I sugget Man on Wire. The Bridge is good too, but is a little depressing... 
watchin my fave movie with my new teddy bear haha Man G  lame!
I just used my income tax refund to buy 3 new pairs of converse, the Man from Uncle box set and open a savings account. Accomplished 
Soooooo tired. Man is my brothe r drunk. 
@jamieharrington Woman you are warped- just a tad 
Man i'm tired. Made some apple crisp from scratch...... Man it tastes gooooood 
@ShaunyHoyes Oh yeh! Like what! LOL! Man...I believe everything I read in the papers! 
@redalexred steady on!!! tweeting to a Man Utd fan here 
@MonicaAyesha Yeahh Man, Crazy about MCR 
YES! Man United is out! 
Finally got Beasties. Egg Man 
@pennykim  Man, I was SO looking forward to an Ikea trip today!  Jealous.  
@xbeckaxockx Hi, not long now - 4 days!  Man, I wish I was going!
@wirjo Thanks Man 
How is it half past afternoon already? Man today's flying! Pretty glad though as worn out from the weekend 
playing Pac Man, it's legendary  but...I died!
Is up from 6 a. m. Man, I feel sleepy 
watchin' Encino Man 
@RetroRewind I do! Its great! I love &quot;Your Man&quot; 
@nicobyrne hey nicky by d way i'm the girl who gave you d bears in the Point with the &quot;I love Man Utd&quot; dribblers when d boys were born  xx
Watching M'Brough vs Man Utd game. It shall be no surprise that Man Utd will win 
Man, I've never seen the campus so green! 
All my kids are out of the house..  Man, I love them but it's nice when they're somewhere else safe for a short time...  
@hotsports Man, that would be awesome, I bet the kids would get along famously! Maybe one day that will happen 
@stuartneville No Alibis launch for Mystery Man?  ... oops, knew I forgot something 
Couple more for #tweetdeck list: @problogger @sharonhayes @starwoodgal @enoxh and my own @cruisesnapshot 
On the way back from crawfish boil with @benpike and the ladies.... Man this was so worth it... Fun, fun, fun. 
Just watched The Perfect Man.  still up. not tired. going to TRY and fall asleep. night.
@RossGoodman it's a war isn't it ..... Man vs. Nature 
(@mitsuoshii) last note to self today - watch &quot;Yes, Man!&quot; again and stop complaining! There's gonna be a party tonight 
@PaNDa_JeRk ohhhh... i get it. shoot. All I can hope for is CL failure from Man. Utd. Not likely until the final 
no n-no no no no you can call me at 10:59 but dont call me at 11 cuz...thats my rule now. hahaa love that part from Yes Man 
@NKOTBLVR thanks v! Man im Pissed that its not on reg tv tho...you'll have to keep me updated. 
@vaudesir Man, I already gave poor @sammydee phony grief about that in my log for that cache. You're brutal. 
Played volley ball outside!! Man I am hot! I played with a played that does not gripe! What a consept!!!! 
@UnderoathBand Man on fire 
@ismaelburciaga Man I would LOVE to hang with you guys! 
I found. I Got. I fucked it up. Man that was good fruit salad  http://twitpic.com/4j32n
@gerdiend Woman!!  hope you have a relaxing monday as I have, cu later on this sunny monday @westerkerk
@NickHodge Bought the Repo Man soundtrack in the 80s - Pablo Picasso was never called an asshole 
Watched Yes Man, it was good  http://tinyurl.com/dbrc88
@fudgecrumpet mines early nov,,,, will go through it 2 gether buddy!!! Man power 
We expect One Man Band to be released sometime next week 
@Da7e Man, that sucks and I feel your pain... if you were local, I'd buy you a cup of coffee. 
at workyy, trying to get on point with all that I have to do  smile!! &lt;3Lin-Man tonight!!
bored. cold. tired. lethargic feeling. Man! great holiday monday! 
@denverflyhigh Man it will be a sweep no worries 
@thomasfiss hahaha now ur gonna tweet.... I awoke to 67 the other night haha Man the concerts here suck. Cali's da place 2 be 
thought Yes Man was good  had a blast with old friends tonight and heard some great music 
Yet another good weekend with someone. Sigh. Man I like the boy.. 
Just came back from my first city rooftop party  Man, even when you're next to THE New Yorker Bldg, it still gets pretty windy up there.
@sarahfrance Man, CGtextures got me through my final major college project in style 
@_beek Really? Man I loved it! I think that production company is going to do great things. I'll keep you posted 
if you hear my cry runnin thru her street am abt to freak come and rescue me!!!! Man love joe's voice at the rescue me part HOT!! 
Wide awake, I`m to happy to sleep, I rather fall asleep in his arms, More then anything, Man...Im so inlove...&lt;3...ily stephen 
@Lyrical_Gangsta Hey there Music Man 
@DirtyJoeIng Man that one is dope. I like it. 
Man, I've been on the internet a lot this weekend. I'd like to gather a guess as to about....8 hours. Man, I wish I had a life... 
so stealth I got the movie  gonna go watch it....Method Man and Redman are life!
Man, I hope He has a sense of humor 
@Foxy_HotSawce   Man I love this place!~ faith  x x x
&quot;....should be arrested for child abuse...&quot; Man that was true 
I'm craving something, but nothing I eat seems to be just right. Man, I'm glad this is currently my only problem 
@TheRealOflame  Man my eyes are already half asleep... lol
just watched Yes Man. must watch the truman show again soon. i have always loved jim carrey  &lt;3
http://bit.ly/1lOj8  Man! BGT just keeps popping up with surprises! 
@IPAle cheney is the Tin Man, he needs a heart 
@3fingaz Man I don't know, but I'm still proud of my boys! They didn't go down without a fight! That's still my team, I Love'em! 
@SMjosh I'd like to do it now just to sleep in a different room @ my house. Couple of years you'll be doing the same!! 
A Perfect Man is on! Sleep after 
Just ordered The Man Who Stare At Goats for #wossybookclub. I hope I can read it in time! 
is back from watching IP Man. T'was great! I want to be a kung fu master when I grow up. 
@garyvee &quot;You can make $70, 000 a year talking about Smurfs...&quot; Man your CNN interview really Crushed It! * Brilliant! * 
@sideshowtony that's the episode I was watching   CBS has them online, I watched The Man Trap before I fell asleep, awesome creature too!
@SWIGmusic website is coming right along  Man you guys have a lot of info on there though lol
@rishil @jillwhalen I thought it was totally work safe. Honest  Man.. I don't recognize nudity anymore.
@Ryan_Giggs Man UTD champions again, u guys rock, n u av always personally been 1 of my fave playas, so proud of u guys hehe!! Xxx 
Watched the Running Man for the first time in about 15 years.  I forgot how magnificently corny some of the scenes are.  
@JackAllTimeLow @riandawson Cute. A Man-Date 
knowing that I'm the Luckiest Man on the Plant....Yeps 
Watching Degrassi. Man, i miss that show soo much! 
@teance don't let The Man get you down  
watching Perfect Man  haha
watching The Perfect Man  haha
Working out for the first time in a while. Man it's rough. 
@mrsufodike yaaaa!!!  Party.  Man I wish I was still in ATL!!!  Missing out on all the fun.  
@TheAnand LOL Man... you are crazy.. Happy Hospital life.. 
You can always make me smile hon.  Thanks. Watching &quot;Man on Fire&quot;
@missannajane Man, feeling like I need a drink right about now! 
Man, that new Punch-Out!! is so awesome. I wanna play the Dreammatch 
sidenote- I really need to start writing again so I can make some money, Goldfish and the Old Man is being pulled out of the archives 
@rouska Man, I'm so gonna use that story next time I'm running late on the tube 
Feeling pretty chilled this week, looking forward to a good weekend away with my man  - thanks to my Iron Man boys!
Reading through LOADS of status updates. Man you people have been busy! 
Finished drawing my Spider-Man pic - I'll upload it to the blog  tonight to post tomorrow - maybe I'll twitpic a preview 
I have to keep my faith!!!  so so so so..... Man my mind feels like a yo-yo right now!! Crazy!!
@stephenmdowney Thanks Man. Yea, this story line is so stupid it's probably the greatest story ever told!! 
@iscreamlouder lol what was her response? Yeah Mowton 25 is awesome but that Man in the Mirror performance i just find it amazing lol 
#tcot #sgp Man oh Man!  It is a GORGEOUS humid-free day in Houston!  God Bless Texas! 
@deaconblade Man, I'm glad I don't have a baby just yet. 
@m0sing ya guarantee.  Man these girls on charm school is a hot mess.
@30SECONDSTOMARS Man...I can't wait to hear it! 
Man City buy Man Utd - http://bit.ly/IuT2q  (Context: Not real 
Bands you'd like to see make a comeback?  Man2Man - &quot;Male Stripper&quot; and B-side &quot;Love me like a locomotive&quot;.  
@maxnugget *loved* Man on Wire if you've not seen it. Guy is clearly insane, but very inspiring &amp; infectious 
Monster just told me he likes the super hero Booger Man. Apparently he shoots boogers out of his nose. At least he hasn't said wiener yet 
@TheBandBlake That's good..there are 5 of us going to Isle Of Man to see them 
Man, fuck the haterz! I'm just misunderstood 
@jonobacon Man, that really sucks. I miss my wife during the day when I'm in the office ....Hold on there 
@LAKatieNYC Ahhh, next time.  Man I hope this day goes quickly - ya with me?!
@TheLastDoctor So! What are your plans for today Space Man? 
@hayleyjfoster Man shirts are always great  I have all these ridiculous candy coloured benetton ones that i got from a second hand shop
@puffaddering Man, do this test  http://bit.ly/z2zOQ
@aleezy Man haaaail nah. I get my medical mask ready!!! LOL. &amp; everytime I walk into her room I hold my breath! 
Worship band is never played on ccm radio it's a movement. Man I'm telling u God is doing awesome stuff!!!! 
gud afternoon twitterrreeerrrss!!!! Man i am watching Bleach over and over again hahahaha!!! 
gonna stay up and watch Man Utd tonight 
@anwar007 Man...things are changing &amp; rearranging 
I neeeeeeeddd a break! Only a page and a half to go  Man, I wish I had some ice cream!
Its now &quot;Heal the World&quot; and &quot;Man in the Mirror&quot; by MJ. Booooooom! Goosebumps. 
@keanerie Didn't like that censorship, I take it  Also, WOKKA WOKKA WOKKA. Pac-Man rocks...
Going to bed. Smiling. Man has it been a while  http://myloc.me/1Xxe
Man i love butter chicken 
Watching Yes Man and editing the other nine videos I recorded tonight! 
@dixonst surprised to see you on sunrise this morning. Don't forget you are supposed to talk about Man Utd all morning! 
loves reading Spider-Man comics continuously. 
