Most common words for this cluster:
[('manchester', 133), ('chelsea', 129), ('liverpool', 101), ('newcastle', 62), ('today', 59), ('united', 57), ('everton', 52), ('arsenal', 48), ('game', 42), ('barcelona', 39), ('day', 34), ('http', 34)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Arsenal', 0.837121844291687), (u'Tottenham', 0.8316373825073242), (u'Everton', 0.8271113038063049), (u'Liverpool', 0.8142139911651611), (u'Man_Utd', 0.7995972037315369), (u'Chelsea', 0.7906094193458557), (u'Fulham', 0.787726640701294), (u'West_Ham', 0.7825716137886047), (u'Aston_Villa', 0.7823865413665771), (u'Stamford_Bridge', 0.7707365155220032)]





had a blast at the Getty Villa, but hates that she's had a sore throat all day. It's just getting worse too 
Mitea is missing  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6040269
Think I saw some magic on Sunday against Salford - I saw Hull FC come out onto the pitch but after that they vanished! 
@DavidT2006 Virgin again today, I'm afraid as I'm pushed for time. Having said that, I was delayed 40 mins at Brum 
@taratomes I applied to go on that - but my Dad wouldn't drive me to Manchester for the auditions 
@Posh_Totty @nymphomaniac @boredwife Why can't i live near/work with lovely ladies like you?? 
@davtoole can't bring myself to watch a film about Sheffield United. 
Oh Parky no  http://uk.tv.yahoo.com/blog/article/138886/ Should Jade have been punished for being brought up poor then?
Having a shitty kind of a day due to local council bureaucracy  Looking forward to Arsenal match tonight. I do think we will win tonight.
@ellylaine We didn't make it in the end  massive queues on the M25 then took wrong turn right near Wembley itself, gutted! x
It's raining in Barcelona. Why (oh why!!!!!!) is it raining in Barcelona? 
halftime break. the match has been.. depressing. wtf, FCB? and what's worse is that Leverkusen is losing 
can sense a Hull goal 
Working  and Derby are losing  and its sunny outside ( bummer...
Well done to Wolves for getting promoted I'm very upset that Charlton are now confirmed to be playing Division 1 next season 
listening to the FA Cup semi final between Arsenal and Chelsea as I don't have sky  neutral fan but siding towards the gooners
opening wine - Charlton have been relegated 
can't believe it is fourteen years today since I moved to Liverpool... 
looks like Chelsea and Man Utd will meet in the FA cup final, unless Everton beats Man Utd 
Galaxy tied, Timbers tied, and Sounders lost.. sad night of watching soccer 
Newcastle has fins. 
@kerrygeal lowlights!  join the club!..Now its either Chelsea, Man U, Everton..all teams I despise!!
Wenger the magician, ain't no tactician   
wembley stadium was fantastic but as is the norm The Arsenal didn't pull it out of the bag! 
is soo tired from todays game  and a bit upset cause she can't watch Manchester play 
@DarrylRMSG Arsenal lost the game and I lost my bet 
The Newcastle train-wreck continues 
Arsenal lost yestee. I feel sad for Fabianski  what a bday). Nadal better pull off his magic before I declare this weekend a t. lost.
Never mind the NUFC players - I might not come out for the second half. 
watching Newcastle try their best to make sure they go down 
@stephenfry Puts me feeling a bit blue about the Arsenal result into perspective.  Have a soft spot 4 Norwich. My mum's local team.
Boro are goin down 
F..k my AH eredivisie live subscription has expired on this day when Ajax plays against PSV 
@timlovejoy Come on lovejoy predict the score for 2day?  i want Everton to win dont want Utd to win everything  2-1 Toffees
I'm supposed to be getting warmed up to play football and securing my place in the final at Wembley but it's cancelled and i'm gutted 
Oh dear oh dear. Not looking good at all  Guess I might have to look forward to Palace v Newcastle next season.
Off this match Spurs 1-0 Newcastle  - means four points off the rel. zone. Hard work to do yet for AS.
Tottenham 1-0  Newcastle Ouch, Newcastle looking good for the drop now 
Why does Cahill have to talk about beating us in the semis when he played for Millwall  My first ever away game
@Chelsea042 I have 4 now. And still no idea what twitpic is! I just want to upload a picture 
@ProducedByMe Sheva's magnum is slow against some crowds though. 
Perugia was fun back in Roma, and now I miss the minimetro 
Ahh crap penalties.. United aren't doing so good atm.. 
Poor show by Man Utd in front of home crowd..  its gonna be Everton Vs Chelsea in FA Cup finals..
Is not happy. ManU lost in penalties. No FA cup for us this year.   
Can't believe we lost  gutted! The only consolation will be if Everton manage to beat Chelsea - they CANNOT win!
 Manchester United are out of the FA cup final. Ended 4 - 2 to Everton on pens!  Xx
Just saw Manchester United lose...Not Good. 
#ManU r out  and #Berbatov missed a penalty... booooooooooooooooooooo
@jukesie Yes, quite agreed. Very amused at Fergie's apoplexy for Welbeck non-pen. Though extra time felt like two teams playing for pens 
Chuffed to see that Man U have been knocked out FA Cup by Everton xD ....The team that beat LFC 
Bad Sports Weekend: Arsenal loss to Scum; Spuds relegate Toon Army; Button podium; Murray loss; Mick McCarthy back in premiership. 
Man Utd is out now  The Final will be between Chelsea and Everton...great!...
Manchester U out of the FA cup 
not happy about United Result 
bye bye FA cup 
Obsessed with Chelsea Lately !!    &amp;&amp; i cant upload a pic 
@ranga its painful &amp; raucous for us..ManU fans 
@laurel_rose  Chelsea is also sorry she left you in silver lipped glory 
I hate it when United lose 
Point failures outside Liverpool Street station are starting to be a constant fixture in my morning commute 
On train to Liverpool via Birmingham. No vacant seats so sitting on floor next to train doors. Seat reservations not working 
@_sophie41 fair nuff I'm in the same boat I'm upset bout arsenals loss to Chelsea in fa cup semi 
A boozy weekend has been had, but now the inevitable return to reality. Newcastle WILL be relegated 
@stephenfry  never mind....you could be an Albion fan, like me 
@ollycromack it was sunny this morning when I got to Manchester... no idea now cos I'm sat in an office with no windows near me 
wish the Blues would have won last night...  
@TheFuckingQueen Wishing you a happy birthday for tomorrow. I'd come round to the Palace but I'm in Manchester tomorrow which blows 
@armintalic im the same Armin, lovely day in Newcastle but i have work at 5.15  so i cant exactly do anything
Waking up in Manchester for the last time 
I just noticed that my Bestie never has time for me..  steph's sad 
@TomGriffola I think the rumours are well underway already! Who is your wildcard shout? I have an awful feeling Cipriani...  #Lions09
What a crap footballing weekend I had, Arsenal lost 2-1 in the FA cup, My team lost 3-1 sunday in a semi final too 
is sad about the loss of Manchester united in FA cup semi final 
@erincharlotte hey im not sure whther this Manchester is the UK Manchester, im duped, i was so looking forward 2 it and so excited... 
The sun likes to play hide and seek in Liverpool 
I really wanted that Parma too 
Shakeaway coming to Portsmouth just when i'm leaving...very upsetting 
at sians which is probably the best  place in the world  Liverpool is coolio! omgosh i just said coolio.  not good
United 1, giggs 
@RedAntiques just caught that story, same thing that sparked berba leavng  though really cant see him at ManU unless Ronaldo does go
On a shoot so not watching the Arsenal game. Taping and will watch tonight. If anyone spoils me I will be most displeased  #Stabbity
Bitterly disappointed with the footy tonight. I hate it when the best team wins and it isn't @Essendon_FC 
@Misssarahnoir first time here and so far find it to be stunning - am walking in history but... the men are not from Milan so not feeing 
no electricity...missed the match between Middlesbrough and Manchester U. 
FT Aberdeen 1 Celtic 3.  ah, well just need to hope Dundee Utd lose now
can't find a live stream for Wigan - Bolton anywhere 
I can't believe it's already 1-1 for the Chelsea-Fulham match! I can't find a Spurs stream boo 
#Spurs #Football Stoke 0, West Ham 1, results not going our way 
@EARom haha nice ball skills, Stevie!  I hope Barca is warmer than here, sunny but freezing! 
sad I'll miss the Derby 
It's all gone a bit Pete at Fratton Park  #Pompey
Thanks for an awesome season, Liverpool FC. 
Derby fever is alive...even if I can't go 
trying to find out the Boro score, too sick to go 
@Kips206 We were playing Dundee Utd and got beat 1-2  Just a league game - nowt at stake except pride
doesn't have a derby party to go to this year.. We should of just went to the Derby 
@TheDaveBatista Hopefully none - haven't forgiven them for knocking out Liverpool 
@stringeilcuore I know  Villarreal gutted me today to  I need one of them to win
In M6 toll services, other 20 people on way to Liverpool game to!  Roadchef brekkie truly horrible 
About 7 miles away from Manchester airport regretting not getting a bite to eat now... 
morning, quick helooo...will be out of wifi range in deepest darkest Liverpool for next 24 hrs &amp; don't have technology to tweet otherways 
searching for a torrent/RS link for the RMadrid - Barca game of yesterday ... able to find only ones with Spanish commentary... 
Rovers not so good 
is upset that Torres won't be playing against Newcastle because of his hamstring injury. 
Going en famille to the Darlo v Allstars fundraiser today. Sadly Beardsley dropped out  - he was main reason for going 
Tricky pm ahead: dinner with in-laws while cheering on the Blades and Liverpool. They are nice people but alas Manc supporters 
@koptalk hoping for a good scoreline today, about 4/5 goals.. and hope Torres plays, Gerrard and Torres need to play together! 
@LFCTV predicting 5-1, Gerrard, Kuyt, Alonso, Carra. it's a shame Torres is injured 
Gerrard and Torres hardly play together this season 
Watching Liverpool V Newcastle, hoping for a good win. No Nando!!  Hopefully we can rest him and score comfortably
is back from Barcelona 
Reading losing 1-0  Watching Liverpool vs. Newcastle stream 0-0
As if the pub are only showing the scum game they have three screens for fuck sake i want to watch the Liverpool game 
Burnley score a penalty #PNE  a long way to go...
In the local and the Toon are losing. 
why is it hard for people to upload the Real Madrid - Barca game with ENGLISH commentary ?? all those that are available are in SPANISH 
Newcastle 
FT Liverpool 3-0 Newcastle Utd. the game was boss, but i'm really worried about the casualties, Xabi &amp; Masch. i hope they'll be ok 
just saw the news about Newcastle. heartbroken, I am just heartbroken. ;) Did wish it didn't come w/a Liverpool win, though. 
It's official: I've given up on Ajax! 
@bunnyblogger it's not looking too good for Newcastle, is it! 
Safely home from the Derby. I should have bet $5 on the long shot! 
@stephenfry Sad news indeed, sir! I was on school exchange in Augsburg when Norwich played Bayern Munich in the UEFA cup. Big slide since 
bummed that the SoundersFC Chelsea match kicks off 5 hours before my return from Colombia.....  
@dawnmcwilliams i wish but the problem is its more than 1.5hr drve frm my place   takes lots of pix 4 me specially with ballack &amp; Essien;)
Of course Ablett will miss 2-3 weeks... @Essendon_FC play the cats in 4 weeks! 
Manchester Orchestra is just as good live...minus meeting the sweet bearded singer. 
is unfortunately going to miss out on watching Barcelona versus Chelsea. 
Lucas cannot leave Anfield  nor Alonso
@lottiehenderson I know, shocking. What makes it worse that was my final home game of the season as I am missing Chelsea match 
getting ready to head to work.  Derby weekend was not kind 
is wondering if Newcastle win win the championship next season? please don't end up like Leeds 
@katiecoward U might be lucky - they're replaying the Toon match from yesterday. Plenty of laughs 
@solangeknowles I wish you were coming back up to Sheffield/Manchester  Had two wicked nights. Hows tour? X
I'm watching the Womens Cup final, Sunderland 0-1 Arsenal  , haway Sunderland!
All the best to Sami!   #Liverpool
Wheater getting cloudy 
Liverpool won their fixture today  but this is not a problem as long as Man Utd wins their fixture tomorrow!
@Chelsea_Volturi *hugs* i wanna be dead (4 real*giggles*) 
#EPL Liverpool beat West  Ham 3-0  Man U c'mon beat the hell out of Manchester City to be at the top again
@gina_pina_14  I'm sorry hon.  I haven't been to bed yet and I have to be awake in like 5 hours for the stupid Manchester derby.
Please don't leave, Tevez!  I rather dump Berbatov to be honest. a lazy player with 30 Mil tag. http://tinyurl.com/oddnpu (via @MUFCNews)
Not a happy Spurs fan this am - drunk captain Ledley King playing the big I am arrested outside a club last night. What an inspiration 
Liverpool beat hammers to go to top of the league.. for what might be the last time this seadon 
doesnt want Tevez to leave 
finding it difficult to fire up my interest in the Chelsea / Arsenal game today. My enjoyment of football taken a beating 
What an afternoon for sport, Spanish GP, Manchester Derby &amp; Arsenal v Chelsea - I'll be visiting my Mom-in-law, she's in hospital... 
Ledley King?    Will it be a Gerrard type slap on the wrist or is he in serious trouble??  Not a good example captain...
Damn the IPL. Due to this, I m missing the Manchester Derby  :x
Maradona's daughter just scored 2-0 for Manure  #football
Missing the Utd match cause i can't make it out of bed 
Aww Jonny Evans off  LOL at Ronaldo throwing his toys out the pram. He's such a child! #ManUtd
@LadyB84 Manchester United??? Really??? Breaks my heart to see a cute, smart, funny chick go bad   http://www.twitpic.com/4x1fn
Bendtner's not starting, thumbs down to that decision  he's been playing so well recently!
Arsenal Chelsea on Sky Sports but Mrs CT's watching Wizard of Oz on TCM 
Watching Arsenal Vs Chelsea now. Sad that Arshavin and Adebayor aren't playing 
Hoping for a draw today, dont think Chelsea is ready for this match thanks to that stupid ref 
spending the afternoon working on @UnLtdWorld 's contribution to @shine2009...and recovering from the thrashing we just got from Utd 
Arsenal 0-2 Chelsea more bad news  Anelka scored a 2nd goal as the gunners wasted a handful of chances to captialise.
HT: Arsenal 0-2 Chelsea..  suram.
#wheniwerealad Liverpool won everything. Now 
This is horrible to watch and as bad as last tuesday night  #Arsenal
Watching the football, oh dear! Arsenal are having a bad day again. 4-1 down at home! that has got to hurt big time 
Season over for the #Arsenal then! 
Oh Arsenal NOT again fs  (Could Drogba pls quit football and join the ballet?  Goes down so easily time and time again.)
I'm gutted as Everton Ladies have lost the league on goald difference 
How could I forget? Arsenal now have the football equivalent of a glass chin 
@richardepryor LOL shame Utd didn't earlier 
hoping that our Brooklyn Metrostars don't suffer like Arsenal did today   1-4.  Gah!
#Arsenal : After 1-3 (ManU) and 1-4 (Che) at home, the diff between Arsenal and the top 3 teams are obvious. Sad  Maybe next season )
Between the losses for @FCGoldPride, @SkyBlueFC, and @Arsenal, it has been a sad, sad week in my soccer world 
http://twitpic.com/4yloo - look at how he shines. im gonna miss you Brucey 
On my way to Manchester Airport.. For ZB574 to Gibraltar 
@ItsChelseaStaub Chelsea those are a little to early for me. sorry. prob listen to them once they are online or something. sorry 
@englexas News from home:Man U losing 1-0 to WIGAN and chances of winning premiership look dented, then Wigan end up losing 2-1 
The problem seems to be fog at Barcelona. But flights are leaving for other destinations with much less delay! 
@savvysticks oo il have to try it with pitta! i do love it though, think im geting addicted hah! no never been to Barcelona  is it good?
Looks like we will be runners up this season   United were jammy last night!
I have been sad this whole week, and idk why    Chelsea made it all the more better :') We're gonna shop for bffl necklaces tmrw &lt;3
Manchester United retains Premier League title with a draw. http://tinyurl.com/q4cnpe 
 i'm missing my first game of the season. damn flu. go @Essendon_FC!
off to cheer on the Manchester 10k peeps this morning .. will miss Hussain Bolt later though 
is pissed because Newcastle lost against Fulham and Hull drew against Bolton so.. tada WE ARE IN RELEGATION AGAIN. That's it. We is out. 
So going watching FC Nantes today. I think we will be getting relegatdd this year 
@NitaJoy shame about Chelsea  ....I've just found the beeb on Twitter so you can keep track @BBC_at_Chelsea :-D
Stamford Bridge farewell tonight for Huss Hiddink 
Wants the Big man Tevez 2 stay at United!!!!!!!, seein him get subbed yesterday makes me feel upset   
@oliver89 @Gibbo911 @mlantswelshgirl morning xx and no not feeling much better 
on way to Hull to pic up new pc. lappy battery nerly dead now 
@dommonkhouse it's not looking good for the Toon is it 
And of course I forgot to take cash out so I'm now walking to Manc in the pissing rain. 
TPA- another 2 hour delay from United 
Going back to Manchester later today  can't wait for college to be over.  No more early nights and waking up at 7 o'clock 
Juve 1-1... Cmon lets take second while we have the chance 
Just watched the Celtic game  Now for Palermo...
Cheers to the Hibs today.......One step closer to at least one league title after that darn united yesterday spoiled any hope of 2 teams 
Bittersweet morning. Liverpool squished West Brom but came in second behind #Manure.   / 
@Chillyourbeans I agree  You're not in Manchester anymore I gather?
@safclyndz Ive never been Wembley  untill 8 day times
@Kasperjuul From that, I guess Brondby lost... 
@silvertarna I haven't been to Manchester in just over a year. That really is quite criminal given the short distance 
@MarieC09 Sounds fun.  I'll be watching tv/dvd myself. Brother's away 2 Manchester for the week, more lonely than usual now 
just a few more minutes of soccer. FC Twente is falling behind.... 
oh Fenerbahce; not again 
looking at Guus Hiddink's departure pictures.. wants to weep 
@gspearing I'm rainy Oldham/Manchester 
On the way to Newcastle, it's rainy  ah well could be worse! xx
@twofootedtackle You really think we can beat Villa? I don't think we have a chance, we're going down 
I miss watching Chelsea Lately....gotta find a place to download it from every night 
Kind of gutted that I can't go to the Chelsea flower show and stalk dermot gavin and alan titchmarsh etc  
ah man Celtic are coming to Brisbane! lucky them getting to see Samaras 
left his pen on board the Atalanta 
back in Milan... and unfortunately i discovered I don't like trains either 
My 5yr old son has now seen Chelsea win at Wembley and the Bridge, he said Chelsea would win 2-0, the Barca game was after his bed time 
@PrincessSarahXx Hunty is striking. Industrial action is the only course after no roasts, back rubs or brews were received. 
woke up, gonna get ready and set off to niggrpool, then get to Manchester to see Cursive! Casio guitar's not arrived  still time though?
school, then lunch at 1 with Chelsea, then going to graduation at 3. I'm gonna miss the Seniors 
@alsutton good luck mate - i started following VF end of last week.  I only follow from last week - my home town - Manchester   miss out
Is hoping Delph and Beckford stay for next season (doubting it though) 
Is in Manchester this week... took me 2 and a half hours to get there though cause I got stuck in the m6 traffic this morning 
oh gollygoodness,  tickets are going at $88 &amp; $128 to see Liverpool. i wanna gooooooooooooooo 
Liverpool lose the league 
@jessycakeeler I wish! Traveling down in Manchester area today 
Gutted Millwall tickets have all sold out for the play off final 
@derektrainwreck I'm sry  I'll be on later at lunch time. ICU making Chelsea Handler references.
Loved Chelsea flower show - 1st ever visit.  Now my garden seems tiny! Why won't my jasmine flower?? 
@oceanician No my bag is still wandering up and down the Manchester-Leeds line probably 
Been called Rafa Benitez &amp; Joey from Friends 
Off to Newcastle. what fun... 
@phoebe_woody wish it was here! it's raining again in Manchester 
@paul_robinson I was /this/ close to tweeting &quot;I'm going on a blind date in Manchester tonight.. excited!&quot; but no-one else would get it 
Sami Hyypia has been talking about the leaving of Liverpool, sad to go but no regrets: http://tinyurl.com/pc4dyy We'll miss you Sami  MatO
@davidgarrido For the final weekend of the season I predict Hull and Boro  to go down.Liverpool 2nd.Monaco Lewis Hamilton #forecastfriday
is off down Liverpool , then Wave Machines White Lies tonight...then back to Stoke 
Last day at Albion 
@TheMattEvers its p@=+'n down here (Liverpool)....  
Just realised she's missing Morrissey in Manchester tonight...majorly upsetting 
@stamfordthelion Chelsea TV email for Guus tonight doesn't work and no-ones answering the phone  how do I ask a question!
@ssejsllew Aw, I love Christian Bale. 
Already looking forward to Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang, yet have to wait until next March 
Waterstones in Derby no longer sells computer books  they used to have a good selection
I hate how Victoria Beckham spells 'colors' like 'colours' &amp; 'favors' like 'favours' 
@dapperdoe  the effin magic.....good game tho, went into OT, but still...FCK FCK FCK
At the pub with lots of my favorite people....last Boro fun night 
Caffeine is my bff right now! haha I NEED to finish this project :S aaand im depressed bcuz Manchester didnt win! 
4 Barca fans been killed by a MU fans !! Seems like we can simply wear team shirts out to walk now 
back at Vienna (  ), sooo tired, luggage lost, Manchester 'd been great - very good outcome from Seminar at MBS &amp; great people around ...
2orw!!!!! Nooooooo I want to go back to Newcastle!!!! 
@LMA_xo My daddy lives in Manchester, I love it there :-D HULL?! :O bitch! I have a mate there and I wanna go 
And figuring out how to watch Middlesbrough games next year, after the dreaded drop.  
Manchester was wayyyyy to busy!  so warm today also! :'(
is supposed to go to an Aztex game tonight but is not sure she'll be able to make it 
@tommcfly apparently were not as good as the Brazillians tho' 
ouuuuuuuuuchhhhhhhh, still hurting from the Barca spanking 
Guus's last game 2moz 
@zanelowe I love wearing my hood too, even though in Portsmouth I usually get terrified looks from pensioners when i do 
@adamtheeditor I heard it was disappointing, which I am disappointed by before I've even seen it.  What a waste of C. Bale. 
My uncle driving sooooo fast! Kaka diewa sampe loncat dari korsi. Pusiiiing  we're not in sentul do :p
I'm homew sick  let's go next week  ~Nani
On way to Bike Radar Live in Donnington, service stations are full of Everton fans, come on the Toffees! Ps fucking boiling in this car 
@crackershunter u know ManUtd is my passion. i dont mean to harsh u. beside my family canceled it cause it's getting late night 
@JayCherno 22 degrees in Ayr. It's Drogba and co in standard def for me 
Ballacks not playing 
28 years on and still nobody can trip up Ricky Villa 
what a wonderful day. Sun is shining, what more could you ask? oh, Arsenal in the FA Cup final would be a start 
arggghh I miss Chelsea 
#facup lol nice start Chelsea 
Watching the FA Final...Everton just scored 
- Geez Chelsea already scored against Everton   1-0
Chelsea got scored on in the 1st 30 seconds ... Come on  FIFA cup is on so if your a true Fubol fan you best be watchin 
Drogba equalizes for Chelsea 
Drogba equalises. 
Everton 1 nil up and I have to watch on teletext 
Booo.. Chelsea score... 
1-1 at half time. Everton need to push harder in the next half. I want hair like Fellani  #facup
Choosing whether to back Chelsea or Everton is like having to choose  whether to marry Hitler or Mussolini 
just saw a load of pissed off Everton &amp; Chelsea fans as can't get the FA cup final in our hotel  anyone found it online?
Following liveblogs of the #facup final cuz it's fun to root for my namesake #Everton -western MA cable doesn't carry it &amp; no broadband 
Bloody Lampard 
Lampard scores 
Oh bugger it...  #FACup
Chelsea go ahead through Lampard. 
No!!!!!! Lampard scores. 2-1 Chelsea 
oh no  toffee's come on!  #Everton
Lampard puts Chelsea I'm front. Great goal. Can't see Everton coming back now 
@Gabi_Jones im gutted, I'm in a rangers pub and theres no fa cup, all I've got is itv football tweets  but c'mon Chelsea anyway!
I have a feeling I'm gonna be very disappointed in the outcome of this game. I can't express enough how much I hate Chelsea.  ugh #facup
(@TBOfreak) am going to shut up about the footie now,fate has well and truely been tempted 
And it sounds like it's Chelsea 
And could it be that Chelsea have won the FA cup DOH 
Chelsea won  ohh well... Shower time
Just been watching the FA cup final  i hate it when the underdog looses!!!
Gonna be a long day here @ home - Everton lost to Chelsea.  
@606ItsYourTweet At the end of the day, too much of a quality gap between Everton and Chelsea. Everton never really had a chance. 
sad day for Juve: Nedved retires , it is sure now  who will run now ?? who will scream when everybody is lazy around the field?
Oh.  Never mind.   Thanks for another excellent season, Everton.
Well I am seriously depressed now that Everton have lost so going to drink myself into oblivion, goodbye dudes  xx  Oh, fuck off Chelsea!!
@Amanda_Holden wasn't it heartbreaking... bloody Chelsea... Everton deserved it... Moyesy defo deserved it 
oh no, Chelsea won 
@BrandyandIce Chelsea won 
So disappointed in Everton 
I feel disappointed with the results. Everton didn't play like they should 
really wanted everton to win.  an pitty Lamps had to borrow his dads celebration!
@Blatter bad day for me then  #lions #chelsea
 nooooooo.... i really thought it was going to be our day! Sad. I love you Everton &lt;3 Saha's goal was EPIC though #facup
I can't believe it.  we should of won that. Saha's goal was awesome and I thought #everton had it. #Chelsea didn't deserve the game
been in Wales for a few glorious days. Came home for the cup final. Heartbroken  Still rather be Everton than Chelsea!
loving theweather today, but gutterd about Everton today  xxxx
2 very disappointed Everton fans in this house 
Totally devd for Everton.  ?
Everton clearly shoud have won they deserved it 
I want the cute kid from Birminham to win, but I don't think he's going to  #bgt
@PumaSwede Not Chelsea, Puma? Say it ain't so! Not Chelsea! 
cannot believe the Everton blue boys didnt win today boohoo  x
@jordanfacey Wem-ber-ley just don't float our boat  Didn't have a good week with Shrews, Blades and Toffees all losing 
shit, Everton lost? Im in tears.  that means Chelsea Won 
@pompeygal what did she sing? I won't be back in Pompey harbour till 9:40 so will miss everything 
Good luck to Falkirk and Everton *thumbup* (via @Jagstwit) - Oops, sorry Bairns and Toffees 
@mistii lol nope it was everton v Chelsea. Chelsea won   I support everton so I wasnt very happy. Same, I only watch tv when I'm rly bord
Going to get sacked as Hull manager unless I can pull something out of my arse with 10 games left 
is leaving Liverpool tomorrow for 3 months!! Sad times  Back to Brum!
Werder Bremen has won!! I'm sooo happy! But I'm very sad, too because IT WAS DIEGO'S LAST MATCH for Werder... 
On Sunday afternoon Paolo Maldini will play his last professional Soccer Game with AC Milan,I cant Believe its over, We will miss u Paolo 
chelsea FA cup winners  how did they do in the league cup? lol
@plymouthgooner Don't worry let's tweet about Arsenal who's not signing anyone 
Waduuuhh, sentrap-sentrup ketularan Ninis 
Sometimes it sucks to be right!  Well done Chelsea though. Pleased for Guus
@LizMcClarnon Lol someone trying to force-feed you celery? :o bad luck about Everton  xx
@nikc @minka I'm sad to say I'm unable to attent the Derbs. 
I am still gutted that United lost the final  n chelsea won the FA cup  but this season Torquay got promoted so I am good!
@Essendon_FC ouch it doenst look good boys  cmon aye
@unexploded_yet No, I was watching Edu Maajka in Podgorica when I realised it  you got to let me know when good gigs are coming up...
@aianna21 I think I just saw Albiol's baby. On a really tiny pic, but I think it's her. I want to see Chenteeee's 
is off to the Olimpico. 40 games in five months and it all ends at 4:55pm. 
Everton deserved to win yesterday king louis's goal was far to early . 
Loving the sun, missing my sun glasses which are in Carrick  off to church
@RedWineBoy haha it is amazing. I'm up in Brum at the end of the month... I hear there's no beach  lol
@twistedthursday yeah next year the premier league and champions league ! Haha gonna miss guus  at least he still is a part of Chelsea !
Another stunnin day=another hideously long lie  wish there was more to life at the moment, was up till 3am playing Fifa last night wtfbbq!
How does one go about packing up ones life? Moving out of my flat - bye bye Manchester 
Is it bad that I am still not over some of my favorite players leaving Arsenal last season? 
@ Cluj... e pe baza de examene 
Maldini's last game  so sad.  i'll miss you! xoxo
gosh I'm going to miss Maldini soo much after this match 
one problem of sinal but i see that Pato enter in game now! ahhhh Beckham exit now too 
just uploaded the Liverpool pics and is now doing homework 
just uploaded the Liverpool pics onto her computer and is now doing homework 
i hope it not true.   Xabi.. please stay with us.  http://is.gd/KHGZ http://is.gd/KHGZ
i hope it not true.   Xabi.. please stay with us.  http://is.gd/KHGZ
@collateral I hope that the Xabi story on the Mail is not true. I will be devastated if  he leaves us. 
I really disappointed with Milan's ultras, its not ok to not having a respect for your captain, in his farewell 
@Saviola87 It's not a match worth watching 
Juande, I beg you. Remove Raul and put Huntelaar NOW! 
my weekend starts here... want to go out and party in Manchester or Rochdale, but everyone else says it's a school night 
Real Betis are two minutes away from relegation 
Betis are relegated  fuuuuuuuuck!
@JeremyBorash http://twitpic.com/6as63 - TNA needs to go to Madjeski Stadium, Reading, England!!!  All I have is Bravo... I want to se ...
@realmadridtalk What is tough to take us that we faught so hard to stay close Barcelona but we collapsed at the end after the derby 
@liamyoung me too  when you next in Liverpool? will have to meet up ;)
Nedved &amp; Figo both retired  Two modern day greats.
@thepatbrown How's your chin?  Gutted we didn't get to say bye to you, at the Manchester show 
I want to live in the United States 
Slightly bricking it about Barcelona.... going and working means I have to grow up 
Derby cake, I love you too much 
MonDAy Blues 
Chelsea has just spent the last half hour making friends with the porceline...not good  bleh
@Hotspur_1882 glad you are back in the land of communication lol - yes working very hard  - what's it like there today?
@josephlaking omfg can't believe this is reality sometimes... they might win Stoke! Racism follows recession every time apparently 
Someone got hurt at Liverpool street   http://twitpic.com/6eeuw
watching news, it is bad and Ihope tevez doesn't leave.Berbatov should stay too. Why can't news be more optimistic??? 
@milan_da_diva u really need2 change ur name ur mother didn't  name u Milan mines did.Milan/milano is a italian male name Ugh Blk folks 
@lookitslizzle like Stilton =P from Blackpool myself. God awful place. I miss Liverpool where I go to uni. 
Summer School or Barcelona?  If I go to Barcelona, I will fail my class...can have that on my gpa :\...no traveling for me  
@Bekki_x Me too!  LOL  what a shame what happened to United last week  but we'll be back next year! LOL we are the famosu Man United!
@chelseaaolson Chelsea I am gonna die from boredem and my headache 
its nice out n i mean nice for Manchester n i cnt gt my bikes out 4 a few weeks uva wise dey get crushed  seriously need an MX track eyah!
I am living in Lyon with only 30 days to go 
Oh Dossena dear  You'll probably be happier back in Serie A anyway. I'll be sad to see you go even if you haven't been great at Pool.
Anyone go to Nocci Middlesbrough? I completely forgot about it! 
@stephenfry I wish so so much that I could see it. But nearest showing in Brum and have no babysitting available. 
a lot of things changed today.. like ancelotti became d coach of Chelsea.... of all d ppl y carletto 
@wowannie Sounds awesome! I've got party times in Manc at w/e to look forward to,but nowt this week but work  What to do on a schoolnite?!
can not put into words how much i would rather be at home hanging with the Bestie before she leaves me 
Kaitlyn is making me sad with her talk of making Cristiano Ronaldo fat in photo shop 
@kaysesoze my phone is bricked cuz i forgot to add the rom update to a diff sd card when i was updating the SPL and radio.. 
Unable to make it to the Manchester #e-commerce expo today 
@higgis not yet. not by a normal source either. But they're pretty adamant..i should know by 12  #QPR
cant believe sky sports have already changed the club logos around for next season it hurts seeing Newcastles in the championship section 
argh lots of clouds! Is this the end of our mini heatwave?  #Newcastle
Just checked in and the franz Ferdinand out today is remixes from tonight.. I kinda thought it would be 
@lemonstarbursts Kaka's dad/agent and Galliani are in Madrid negotiating. Arjen + Wes + money = Kaka. This makes me sad 
Kaka to Real Madrid? Gutted if it's true 
Off to Manchester tomorrow and just realised what time I have to get up 
There is no such thing as religious freedom in the United States.  http://ping.fm/5lVlf
Kaka signs for Real Madrid for 65 million euros with 9 million Euros a year! Damn sad to see my fav player leave my fav team 
Footie yesterday, pain today 
Morning all, not so sunny in Manchester this morning  it's my last ever NCCF today, will be strange not coming to Manc every other weds!
@HallyMk1 that's true. Guus is gone though...now we have possibly another Scolari 
@mkayes Weather in Liverpool is a bit grumpier though!  
&quot;Batman in Barcelona&quot; is awesome. I miss Bruce. 
@Feferang cant see Ronaldo leaving ManU to be honest. Think he will stay 
@The_fixer I think Ronaldo will, but I think Tevez is gonna go  Hope he stays though! 
Blues are losing 
@queens_uk Your not going to Manchester then I take it? I'm just on lunch then back in meetings from 1 until 4  maybe see you later? xXx
@SarahSydney ah, well it IS footy, but it's not Australian footy. Blues lose boo hoo 
very jealous Oasis are playing round the corner from my house .... in Manchester and I'm in Melbourne 
Chelsea is awake. 
Manchester - you may enjoy @cornerhousemcr and @whitworthart - there is also @northernquarter but it appears to have died. 
I've just found the perfect dress for Wembley but the zip was broken and they didn't have any more 
@TuttoBene awww Riccy! I can't handle him going but I hate how he was treated this year, breaks my heart 
just found out that the Manchester Orchestra concert tonight is sold out  since when does shows at The Social sell out?
I really hope LFC will come to Indonesia next year, not that Mancs! Watch their advertising around the street made me want to puke 
@KitbagUK but I can't seem to order the new Sunderland shirt with printing..... 
More theatre tonight - 'Amongst Friends' in Hampstead ... not supposed to be very good, but we'll see ... Everton fans ruining my commute 
It would appear @bitchinmona is taking an extra long lunch break (shopping @ Arsenal Mall?)  just to make me starve. 
wishes she weren't so fat   @thatpoliticsguy I wanna go to Brizzle tomorrow too  It's a plan
@Argyle117 ouch     more good vibes coming your way
You got Porto's??  Luckyyyyyy..
Liverpool tmrw. Mum's not letting me take the 350D. 
And why won't Tyson Beckford follow me already?! 
@NaniWaialeale how am I going 2 live w/ limited Nani tweet?  boo!
Going to pass out to some Chelsea Lately. I feel gross  - C
@jamesrstewart Mowbray seems the fav now  3 teams prom to EPL ( Stoke,Hulll and WBA) 1 relegated!!! Think he is totally the wrong choice!
@Amalari i guess . . . but im going to an outdoor concert today in Manchester, so im going to get cold and wet 
Is sad she's gonna miss mr scruff and oasis in Manchester this weekend 
Bummed out because I missed out getting tickets for Muse at Liverpool 
Hubby seriously miffed - Liverpool are stopping the priority ticket scheme &amp; he's no nearer to getting a season ticket!! 
@JaseCurtis I miss saturdays with no football already  I'm for the SPL going down the summer football route to prevent this emptiness 
Ouch. Bent back a fingernail. 
@BillyScallywag awww Newcastle shame that for sure   i was hoping it would be Sunderland
Filling out compulsory Learning Log forms for Manchester. Makes me realise I could have achieved a lot more on my year abroad! 
@SkySports shame i was hoping for the scots to beat them 
@saffrontaylor Don't worry ... The same in Barcelona 
HAD nasty hangover   Newcastle has some nice bars though!
@helengregory If only I was in Manchester tonight 
has been let down obvs  i miss Manchester with a passion, it's not so good to be home
Stevie Gerrard! England!  4-0, My man played gooood;). Very cold today! 
@KimWalshUk aw poor sarah  shouldn't it be Cheryl upset cause it's in Newcastle isn't it lol?
I am so looking forward to shopping spree tomorrow in Manchester, tho v v v sad about the memories i sent to the local charity shop today 
@sj32 Not good for Darlo anyway, cloudy and breezy with showers in the afternoon 
wish i could go see Hillsong United tonight 
Hearts aren't meant to be broken. 
Chelsea came up to the church because she was bored, and now she's boreder. 
@lauraajanee I didn't get a picture with them, but got a picture of Babel(not a good one) but not of Kuyt cos my camera died  and thanks
Not all the world is United States 
Holiday is over  sat in a hotel at heathrow, ready to get the flight to Manchester and home to the cats and fish
@Nani84 I'm freaking crying.... Wahhhh. 
@franksting Pissed off Swans lost 
Just Watched gran Torino and thinks that it was really good but kinda sad 
Its a grey day over Manchester  i would like the sun back please x
@sarahchambers19 Sucks  They need to do another gig in Manchester for you! Xx
Can't believe he ended up walking from Liverpool at to east Dulwich last night. 
@Avenyet hopefully. He needs to get past the damned kers McClaren. And stop crashing into things. 
is gutted she missed Oasis play in Manchester! 
@RespectMileyC @mileycyrus came to spain... but to Madrid  all famous going to Madrid (the capital) but never came to Canary Islands 
Manchester's wellll acked. And my chair was pinched 
That means Middlesbrough, West Brom, and Newcastle were sent down. Darn I feel like it's not cool to drink Newcastle Brown Ale now. 
@iamlittleboots Boots! I met you 2nite in hmv (I'm one half of the Manchester groupies) and you signed my cd as darren not gary  sad times
While I'm at it, I also want a Fluminense shirt.  I think a weekend away to get one is out of the question though.  
Wishing I was at Manchester Orchestra 
last night in Barcelona  feeling the post holiday blues already!
@tchee absolutley - same here. And Griffin in Manchester town hall too - glad I'm not there or I'd be leaving in a police van 
@katyperry please come back to Liverpool! I missed you at PINK  x
Just been to see oasis in Manchester, amazin gig but i'm now not lookin forward to work tm 
@dansumption They didn't in the local elections in Burnley ... bah, 140 chars too few to make my point 
@MattBeattie I know, right? For a party song, it sure is half-ass! Not to mention Fergie is just a big bag of yikes! 
@mattstrong 6,000 votes in it?  there's 50,000 students in Liverpool 
I'm glad I can complain to Cait. I have very few friends I can really talk to about personal shit. I wish Chelsea was online more as well 
Briging bad name to there own nation    Plz stay United Iranias U got soooooo many enemies #iran #iranelection #tehran #mousavi
Not at east brnswck club eating began Parma, 
Loving the wine we bought in Milan... wish I had more 
I forgot to call about jury duty...FCK I'm going to jail 
Not looking too good for a holiday   a mini-break in Manchester may have to be in the cards instead.  At least the sun ALWAYS shines there
@peoplefight yeaaah.. LONDON! Or Liverpool ;) I'm planning to live on top of Anfield.. Cause it will be 'revet' 
whew. Barcelona was a lot of fun, but now I'm exhausted after four days of nonstop travel... last full week in Madrid 
I need the Soccer Channel badly. Just found out yesterday that Newcastle United was relegated  I'm living under a rock.
@ddlovato  i wish i was coming to see the show tonight, come to LIVERPOOL ! xo
@bullyinguk oh nooooo it may be on it's way to Derby it's hot and sunny here at the mo 
@ckchua i read the news about Villa. haha Fergie! that's funny! close kayo? :p i'm still hoping Cesc will stay. 
@JoelyAh  And I still need to get car looked at by bro...I'm such a naughty girl. When you in Soton next?
I wish Chelsea didn't work so much 
http://bit.ly/17ABB2 I am here on way to Liverpool St for stansted express. Still no rain or thunder 
@wichitarecs i still have a bottle in the fridge for Celtic winning the league 
I've applied for X Factor tickets to Manchester and Birmingham, on every time and date now! I hope I get something 
wish i could click my fingers and be in Manchester!! 
um...will I won't I break into that orange wine I picked up in Barca?  I'll make that decision over the  65 min journey home , 10 weeks 
@cutespacekadet Just had a downpour in Manchester! And I'm both coatless &amp; brollyless!! 
really wants to go and see miley cyrus, so disappointed shes nots coming to Newcastle 
Bocanegra isn't playing  But Dempsey (Fulham) and Donovan are!! I really miss Brian McBride though. #USMNT
@AMCFARR But it's pissing down in Manchester! 
is so sad that she can't vote for demi lovato, who is nominated for the teen choice awards  i have to live in the United Stated :| vote!!!
Having one last coffee before drive back to Manc... wish I could stay a bit longer 
I am totally spoiled with The Chelsea Smiles shows lately...3 in a week and a half! And after tonight's at @theVIPERroom, nothing! 
@NickkkJonasss when are you coming to Manchester. I couldn't get tickets but I really want to see you guyssss  xxxx
@Dida02 sowwy.   too late. I'm like 20 min away
@Liverpool_TX now I really wanna go. It's everyone but me and e gonna be there  where do I find free money!
REALLY wishes that her Bestie was here @ the moment.She needs someone to talk 2  .This truly sucks.She needs a shoulder to cry on (hmph)
going to the park to draw pretty things. it's a beautiful morningggg... only 18 more days left in Barcelona 
derailed train at Derby means getting #flashcamp is going to be hard work  time to look at buses
@Shakhtar 
Stuck in the airport  a part is missing from the plane so they've let us off and sending another plane 2 Manchester for spare...not good
Bad news.Milijas doesnt qualify for a work pewrmit. Heres hoping the appeal works although after the Kameni debacle I'm not too hopeful 
The weather turned out nice here in Newcastle pitty I am stuck indoors at work 
Wembley is officially over now i'm on the train 
Driving back to Hull now 
@wideawakewesley glory glory man u? I miss Ronaldo now 
@ChildPerson Children have no rights in the United States 
@Chelsea__Faye Terrible, right? 
@FA8ULOUS just got my cup of joe. It's too hot though. 
Eboue please don't leave us                      #my hero
@bex_1210 not long left Manchester, 7 hours left... And my phone is away to die again 
@Carra_23 At least you're going to the concert!!!! 
@xLeonieLeix  indeed they do!! Looking forward to Manchester  but it's my last show 
lese gerade :: planeando viaje a Barcelona #fb #strohwitwer 
@KirstyHilton It's depressing how Manchester is still so far away 
@AnthonyFilice Ah, Liverpool is about 4 hours and a lot of cash out of my way! I'd love to come but I doubt I can 
@Liverpool_TX oh that's not good 
Forum is down   Can we go back to the Portsmouth servers?
Sitting in a Manchester hotel bar drinking on my own  .. Business travel sucks sometimes.
My night is set, gonna listen to http://bit.ly/V5jUv all night and then watch Hercules. I really wanna get out of Hull for a while 
@Liverpool_TX that stinks i was going to ask u how it came 
@Liverpool_TX ahhh I was wondering...I was hoping you captured the group hug 
i'm supposed to be in Barcelona right now. 
@Rossoneri11PDX I was sad cuz  well lets just say dont ask a question in which you know the answer 2, if you know it will disappoint you 
@AmberEllyse Not a lot to do in Newcastle today...  the MAC leopard print is their new Safari look...
Feeling under the weather again with these flu type symptoms...enforced visit to Liverpool didn't help really 
Everton being linked with more players I've never heard of it seems...and nice weather today, not 
wooooo gonna be with katie n baby oli by 6...just got the long drive on my own to Liverpool 
Today I was supposed to leave for Barcelona and Sonar festival... 
At Cagliari airport queueing up for check-in. The flight is 1h late 
@Liverpool_FC first game away, last game away : manu however first and last at home 
Wycombe at home and then Hartlepool away. Far cry from Man Utd and Liverpool 
Championship fixtures out! Newcastle away to West Brom opening day. Still cant believe im saying Championship and not Premiership 
Going to miss the first OF game at Ibrox .. Gutted 
new fixtures are out - away to Everton on the first day  I see the Chavs and Man Yoo got it easy (again!)
Birmingham, Burnley, Wigan first 3 for us. Looks like too easy a start, means we won't be in the CL final this year 
Yuk... Home to Liverpool for first game of the season  http://bit.ly/Z7LiE
Gonna have to leave the safety of Wales today and face up to life, heading back to Manchester in a bit 
Why all the concerts I want to go are in Barcelona and not here in Madrid ?   
Arrived  over an hour early - no bags.  Had to sprint to the gate as the doors closed since United check in system glitches me. United 
Although I hasten to add...Robbie Keane on the first day of the season I do like!  Pity he wasn't playing in Liverpool red though! 
oh man I wish I was in Barcelona all we have is rain today 
leaving for Newcastle in a few hours... wish the rain would go away tho 
I love #Fifa09 but I just get bored too quickly on any game.. I wish I could play it for hours on end 
@stephanie_efc then its Chelsea and Liverpool straight after! I know how much you love them but i think that deserves a 
@bmunich Ribery's possibly leaving is of utmost concern   Bayern should do whatever it takes to keep him!
Looks like Mach is off to Barca .. 
@CHRISDJMOYLES shame Stoke is so far away from me! 
we've got Ronaldo and Kaka, now if we could just take Villa from Valencia but honestly, it sounds like mission impossible. 
Derby station grey wet &amp; horrible 
@ctpoulton Really?! Manchester has soul and stuff to do. Birmingham is pretty dull by comparison 
@Art_Deco_Dame exactly. and yet people with the most boring, generic, impersonal tweets seem to have thousands of followers wtf?! 
0-1 Barcelona not in favor  it's funny watching with my sister she gets really into it.I didn't even know she liked soccer
Britney is in Manchester tonight  bummer.
Is really wishing that The Used would come to Newcastle coz I really wanna c them  cant believe I cant go to sonisphere 
Great match last night! Kudos to the Iraqis defenders.. all TEN of them! Lack of Torres' goal and Fabregas... 
Bent working leg on giant penchee 
@shaundiviney u do have a real job, being a rawkstarrr XD ohyerr come 2 Newcastle and visit mee, I'm sick 
*sigh* Watching a United season review thing. It makes me sad.  (Also, am v. worried about Roo without Cris. And not in the slashy way.)
Ugh... I hope the United game goes better than my Yankees! How embarrassing 
Typical no sale rooms for the hotel i want  having to go for Liverpool Street
I lost the first two games of the FB Premiership FIFA 09 league. I feel like topping myself 
@lushlady15 singapore and emirates are brilliant in terms of food and service, you'll love it! unfortunately never went to Milan.. sorry 
Missing Chelsea lately bc I'm still working  boo hoo
#weather_me Helsingborg, rain, +13C, typical swedish midsummer weather 
Gatwick airport before 7am is just wrong  got at 4.40am,, miss Roo &amp; squidley diddleys soooo much
@fibrefairy I hoped not, but with all the cases in Brum, schools closed, etc., I hear the question asked several times a day 
Newcastle tonight canclled! 
wont be making it to the HAT tonight  but will watch the Pharoahs and the Azzurri - who do i support?
Mascherano better not be going anywhere... that will be a massive blow to us 
@AmberGamblerAV -yep! don't seem to be going to Newcastle, only Lon, Manc, Liv &amp; Birm.  More dates annouced in Dec but still no Newcastle 
Having said that my wife forgot she was meeting a friend so she's just dumped me! We're not going to Liverpool today 
i want marc jacobs sunglasses. but my dad didnt bought them for me in Milan 
@ellen_highlight No, no Rome for me  I get Manchester for water polo, Sheffield for age groups and Swansea for UKSG...glamorous!!
annoyed with Barcelona and it's non-friendly attitude towards people with laptops .... no wifi, outlets, smiles 
Needs a function room in the Center of Newcastle   why is all the dates I want booked
@RedGrouper haha. You're a brave man jim. I was in Sunderland a few weeks ago &amp; went into Uni cos my m8 had an exam but I didn't c u 
is happy to be back in Manc but is not happy with the weather!! 
@KemaSoJuicy i still got Hearts for u even tho u was just mean 
@NeilRobbins will only be leaving Watford at 12:30 so could not even make a quick beer 
@Kirky555 hmm, can't seem to get a public timeline 
@Jaynecollinsmac do you have any M&amp;G's for the 23rd Manchester date? I had tickets for the 19th as well but I cant go due to the move  ...
amazing light in Barcelona - boiling hot, beach is packed and I am having one confcall after the other 
Really missing Liverpool today! I want to go to Garlands tonight, I miss it! Damn distance! 
@alfox just seen your reply... NUFC 
@Liverpool_TX  not cool...
@PrettyGrl_Mikel wants my m&amp;m to feel better..was gonna ask u to b my bookin agent but since ur not feeling good 
Whoever is reading sth about Barcelona will enjoy this virtual flight: http://bit.ly/ennWd  BUT it's only for PC 
omfg. REALLY?!!! Azzurri... you fail. 
@Carra_23 just heard my friend is moving to the north west... i hardly see her now, i'll never see her soon 
just left Chelsea for the last time... 
@Liverpool_TX but I'll never see it  I wont be at any show.
Chelsea lately doesnt like finding nemo 
@1PrettyRemy FCK the free world..lolls I wanna cuddle  how do I fix this?
@attabeira no! I'm at home!  Who scored it? Addlery?
@Chelsea_lucy awww  why not?!
iLOVE: Chelsea Lately || iHATE: that on Saturdays they ALWAYs replay an old episode not a new one 
@sunnydeefan3 yep, something i would love to go to cause my fav player plays for Barcelona but tix are too expensive and hard to get 
@jogwertz I'm guessing you were talking about Liverpool? Now i'm talking bout LA, a bit further than Manchester unfortuneatly 
@godfatherobie I agree. Good move. Plus Deco and Riccy (+Drogs?) for Ibra. That would be an awesome outcome. Like to keep Drogs, but ban 
is going back to Liverpool today  was gettin too comfy in my Burnley Bubble!!!
@thebabynurse oh dang, you are right! mosquito:1 Deco:0 
Too hot in Milan today. How can I study? 
@tea_party Just realised I might not be able to party after my graduation-- I'm going to see @Frankmusik in Manchester the day after! 
I start up FM as usual, play a day and a message comes up saying my best player has joined Barcelona 
@hundredreasons Where's the Manchester date?! 
Just can't wait for tomorrow! Edu-fair @@ I'm hungray!!! 
@stuartsharpe You've seen Arsenal play recently ... 
Thomas Vermaelen moved to Arsenal 
Great start to the season for Liverpool, Glen Johnson is going to get poached, Alonso and Mascha both want out 
David Villa will only leave Valencia for Liverpool. Unless the price plummets, he's staying at Valencia then I guess!!  http://bit.ly ...
@Liverpool_TX yeah, probably not.   sorry...
#Setanta lost the rights to Premiership games, that sucks. Spose I should cancel my subscription 
@Liverpool_TX damn! i really really like that one!! 
wants to go back to Newcastle  miss it there
#inaperfectworld I would be Scouse and living in Liverpool with a season ticket 
Putz, Muricy caiu 
@colettebett the other channels show SOME matches, but not all of them and usually not LFC games.  
It was Chelsea's last night 
watching Liverpool on Youtube  can't wait for Spain's match tonight
On my way to Manchester airport, Last time was coming back from Aussie 
@C_Ronaldo ......... i love ronaldo?  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The FA terminate Setanta contract? Typical. Wanted to watch Wolves on tv next season 
Carlos Tevez is leaving Manchester United!!   Even though we agreed to pay 25.5m and raise his pay! - http://bit.ly/Iavc1
Tevez leaving United, despite being offered a 5yr contract  #Manutd
Tevez no longer a united player - bad times 
Man Utd announce that Carlos Tevez is leaving the club  http://bit.ly/4zcxG0  #manutd
Man Utd have now lost two of their best players - Not a happy bunny about this! 
Man Utd announce Tevez departure!!!! Didn't see that one coming! 
Tevez Leaving Man United 
So Tevez is definitely not staying  ... oh well...
Goodbye Tevez. Regardless of your supposed love for United it turns out you're just a money-grabbing git afterall.  #manutd
If only we'd not sign Berbatov, Tev would be staying 
TEVEZ is leaving Manchester United - Nooooo ! 
I am sad that Carlos Tevez is leaving Man Utd   But I saw this coming. Time to move forward. Good luck Tevez
Manchester United confirms that Carlos Tevez is leaving the club... so sad 
First Ronaldo and now Tevez, who next?!!!! 
after seeing this i don't admire Gerrard anymore  http://bit.ly/WROeU
@ManUnitedShop I don't want him to leave. Tevez, why are you leaving? 
hopes Sunderland sign Pennant. We need another player that looks like Richardson &amp; Edwards 
I have 1 hour left to pack my Brum house into boxes  
back from Mallorca!!!! very very sad, want to go back   
lots of rumours about A. Young leaving Villa. yesterday it was chelsea, today it's barca 
@redrawsounds: probably United made offer knowing he would turn it down to make Tevez look bad in eyes of fans, cynical, I know 
@wen1027 In a random hotel. Uploading the video right now. I'm gonna miss Liverpool!!!  
Now Carlos Tevez officially leaves Old Trafford. ManU needs serious help now. Sir Alex, please do something. Ohh, so many shocks... 
@apsylus and yes United should be shut down for making your family miss your graduation  remember how they lost my luggage too?
bad news! maybe I'm going Manchester on sunday 
riding around Catania and the beach on my bike today, I thought that I'm really going to miss this place when I leave next year 
@CarrieChute I've decided that Xabi looks better in a suit than Gerrard.. shame on me 
Suppose I might as well watch Cesc vs South Africa. It's more fun if I pretend I'm scouting Raul Albiol. 
@khayadlanga when Bafana is playing I find that a 0 is always a good guess .. sadly 
@Osaze0862 thats just fuckin awful 
There goes Bafana's chances 
Springboks beat British &amp; Irish Lions, but Bafana Bafana lost to Spain. 
&quot;Isn't it a shame, that it's not politically correct, to be rude to people?  BOOFFFFFF!&quot;....A Posh bitch's mantra.
Tevez is definitely going?   #manutd
@flyerboy_uk damn it! I'm in Manchester can't get that tonight! 
I didn't care that Ronaldo wanted 2 leave, but gutted about Tevez 
@theparkie Done that dash ourselves - only in a car, and to 'The Bosuns Chair' to watch Everton in a live TV game! - only a draw 
I miss my Bestie alreadyy 
@Stacey2sweet Tevez has gone too 
tevez out from ManU.. 
@audaciiousss Kaka, i miss youu  Same to your dad too !
Ah well.... Lets see what delights today brings. Even though its a dull and overcast morning here in Manchester 
i just lost TheGame...  lol...
Crazy night out in Manchester last night.....Not a good look today!  but all good cos we rocked the fashion show yesterday!
has just found out that Tevez is goin  lets hope man shitty or the bindippers dont sign him
@911boy Would be a nightmare if we lost Torres and Mascherano... 
The dog shows little interest conversation. Lonely, want to go back to Manchester 
back from Milan...dead tired 
@RightHereWithMe haha yeah, i wanna go to Mallorca, but I havent got enough money  the flight is expensive &gt;.&lt;
Bye Carlos Tevez &lt;3 cant believe he's gone, im GUTTED 
@Nani981 @jun6lee she chucked me and I dhoomed off :-P wicked my sister is 
My life will be over if Torres goes to Chelsea ... 
dude, i can't believe... Tevez is leaving Man United 
@Mareeclo awwww  ohh i went to the mmva's sound check lat night and had a conversation with Fergie....and then saw lady gaga preform
 About to leave Newcastle ):
@Nikachova woow cool! I wish to see it too but my french course awaits me tomorrow morning at 9!  I support brazil! Kaka
@mfhorne oi... I'm still sad at us (Newcastle) being relegated 
@MrRobPattinson hi rob are u working so hard? I miss you on twitter...  good job and a lot of kisses from Cagliari 
@RossoneriBlog This makes me hate Berlusconi even more. Pirlo better freaking be in red &amp; black next year! 
@JLSOfficial Marvin uses all no uses have to come 2 Newcastle againn pleaseeeeee &lt;3 aint seen ya since april miss ya  lyl xxxx
@lilrainbow89 @unahealyfan I'm jealous yous are off to Liverpool. 
@RobOusbey There's one on the way....just need some spare time to do it!!! Manc is great, but sooooooooo rainy 
finds it ridiculous how it costs more to get from Macclesfield to Manchester than Manchester to Glasgow 
trouble with web site today!  check tomorrow for some shady deals! as seen on Fergie!
..misses her mom and really wants to go back to Parma.. 
Feeling pukey and gutted I have not been able to get to the take that concert in Manchester today 
I need a new alternator... Not as bad as Chelsea's tranny but still mo' money than I wanted it to be  otherwise today is a good day.
Mallorca seems a distant memory 
I'm so bored. I don't have any plans today.  I can't wait til saturday. yay. my Bestie's slumber party. 
Biggest flaw in the whole internship/go to bed early/wake up early thing: I don't get to watch Chelsea Lately 
Napoli decided to wear his pants classic style tonight. Too bad he's not playing 
portugal is a country of shit in this country is not up to anything so if I lose I hate living in portugal love born in the United States 
@kiemya i definately wont be in FA. i have the worst headache and matt thinks i have a fever 
@KerenBelmonte keep thinking of Mikel. 
Wow, new Chelsea kits are horrible 
wish the Blues would've stepped up last night 
@pnfillingim that was the worst flight ever.... Especially when my head got smashed by a seat! I don't like United 
On the way to Manchester for rockcorps! I hate bein up this early!! 
Not very sunny today but still very muggy in Newcastle 
The other night, after I played at Chelsea's, I had my A harmonica in my pocket &amp; I accidentally sat on it and dented it 
looking forward to going to Chelsea Football Club for her student conference in the CIMA papers this year...back to studies again 
@theokk nice - working in Brum I miss the sea 
Still on major missing Barcelona depression trip 
paddy mcgunniess' older brother has been voted off coach trip  this is a sad day for Bolton
@freakgoddess @Nani981 why are you all making me hungry...  and @freakgoddess  i don't like veg kebabs . they dnt even come clse to NVeg
@iamRenesia I feel sooooo sick. I really should have left Milan 
50 dollars short of the new car stereo I wanted  7-on-7 tonight against Manchester
we're launching an anti-bullying campaign in Portsmouth tonight - sorry I'll miss it 
Home just in time for Chelsea Lately 
Didier's return a big boost for us at Chelsea ahead of the UEFA CLeague.. hope the champ plays, scores and wins it 4us.. fingers crossed 
@flikQ I saw ludovico einaudi in concert at the Liverpool philharmonic. Most sublime 
http://twitpic.com/2y9iv - When Chelsea brings me chocolate and diet coke I'm happy again 
last 3 hours @work, then FreeFreeFree for Barca!!  1st a workout on my own @FF-gym...............
thanks to @Posh_Totty cant wait to get home from work tonight, for some reason 
Is now back in my room at Portsmouth 
@FACT_Liverpool Stu, I'd like to see FACT involvement in @hsNW: fits in with yr #arduino work  - http://nwhackspace.wordpress.com/about/
Newcastle is not a real place/does not have any merit. I'm sticking by this 
just made the biggest choc chip cookie with Chelsea Jay 
@deanomarr but life is different now - after all - how else could i interact w/you in Newcastle? 
@samsungfootball  You're having a laugh! Chelsea ain't gonna score tomorrow. We'll shut you out!! 
I guess it's my affiliation with Chelsea FC and @stamfordthelion that has led to @samsungfootball following me. Not complaining though 
At Wembley with @hally24 having a few beers before the game  http://twitpic.com/3is1j
@nanpalmero Inter-squad scrimmage not quite a street fight 
@adampatterson Would you recommend United? 
Yes yes yes 1 nil to the #Arsenal great stuff lads and great volley by theo 
@Sevilla90  pssst... @plumpqt is still behind you, don't say anything you shouldn't!  
had the best weekend ever in Manchester and now have four new pairs of shoes to provide a home to 
gutted the arsenal didn't win well done to Chelsea just make sure you win now lol 
Everton suck 
@richardblais @ChelseaFC beat Arsenal 2-1 in case you missed it 
@kels450 Nope, they won't go down! And ummm, Arsenal will borrow a new defense and win CL.  And Andy will win Wimbly 
@Liverpool_TX that would be hysterical!!!  
@stephen_henault Cheers for the update  Always nice to read what's happening with Derby in other countries 
@mattcharlton Charlton! Goof moony! 
@producerdavid poor @rodwhiting sorry to say i reckon 2 nil to united Rooney to score if he's playing. 
is partying it up in Manchester 
@lizarocks wheeey i like it   Are you living in Manc now?x
Cant wait for the match on Tuesday, really hope Torres scores a couple. I predict 3-1 to us lol. If Chelsea can beat them, so can we  !
Is looking forward to most likely having a near heart attack later watching the United game. Le'ts beat the scousers 
hoping the blues do it today after a memorable and emotional week in Liverpool...or at least kick the scum off the pitch 
Awaiting the United - Everton game, but 2bh, the coverage ITV will come up with will be predictably....shit. C'mon you Toffeesss 
@CharlotteGore was touchy for a while there, but I made it. Safely back in scummy Derby waiting for @RedEllie at the hippy coffee shop 
@Jonasbrothers You are awesome!! Barcelona loves you! 
Tottenham - Newcastle 1 - 0! 
@stephenfry do u have a choice for the Everton united game? I always thought you where more of a rugby fan then football based on TV 
PSV - AJAX - 3-1 halftime now.. If it stay like this, PSV wins or a draw, AZ Alkmaar Champions!!!! 
@Liverpool_FC Agree but Everton are not taking advantage! Hope it goes to extra time before a winner is decided 
@imnico what are you hoping to see in Liverpool? the Cavern isn't real btw 
Now the boys are watching the FA cup and the girls are baking. Apologies for gender stereotypes 
@imnico    you will like it in Liverpool.  There are lots of friendly people there.
@comedy_dave well dave. Everton should win cup now 
@Liverpool_FC ahahaahaha; that made me laugh tbh 
sport weekend update: Arsenal lost , Ajax lost , Sjinborn won 
correction 2-4 on penalties as United didn't need to take their final kick 
Rosenborg was a huge disappointment.. Kind of embarrassing.. But ManUre lost to Everton though 
Obsessed with Chelsea Lately !!    &amp;&amp; i cant upload a pic 
Newcastle at last 
What a Beautiful day in Manchester , I haven't seen a cloud for days 
http://twitpic.com/3ndhu - Breakfast times  Yay Manchester!
@Posh_Totty Considering its monday morning, not too bad really. Sun is out, some work to do, feeling fine. 
@geoffsays Good man  As long as it's not Manchester United PLC!
@Posh_Totty  hehe, no time for tea and gossip, it eats into twitter time I take it 
Puch Serie D'Oro no.1...does it get any better? I think not 
Morning all and what a glorious one it is in Manchester today 
is collating data in Manchester and Newcastle for MioT.  Also moving forward quickly qith the Taxi firms 
Absolutely gorgeous weather in Sunderland today, boiling hot and bathed in sunshine-if only it had a light breeze to take the edge off it 
two words...Chelsea Lately 
going shopping in Newcastle now! woooo    
in Barcelona in 6 hours !  i miss you guys... but i come home in 2 days..!
in Barcelona in 4 hours !  i miss you guys... but i come home in 2 days..!
Tidying the house up then heading over @dave_fender to go see Middlesbrough vs Manchester united 
@barcaloco hehehhehehe Messi knows that the Champions League trophy will GUARANTEE his leading spot on  the BALLON d'OR list 
@mattsday Liverpool is my team of choice  My friend loves Juve so I cherish each chance a ref gets mentioned around him!
Excelent day here at Barca very sunny 
Middlesbourgh v Man Utd about to start and so I must leave, be back later so do not grieve  Chow4now (ohh Utd make 7 changes to the side)
Sorted, and its the PFA player of the year  Ryan Giggs
@mattdavelewis Oi, I'm from Manchester you cheeky sod. I'll forgive you though 
http://twitpic.com/4eetf - 2:0 to United 
@arisaja oh i see!!  so who's the top 3 for premier league then? and FA and Champions? Arsenal vs Liverpool,right?If I'm not mistaken?
It's Bundesliga time 
Just heading away from the Aberdeen v Celtic game wondering what the point of Jan Venegoor of Hessilink actually is ... Ah well, 3-1 
Woo c'mon Chelsea 
Man United 2 vs Middlesbrough 0!  The title is almost ours! Just need to give Arsenal a thrashin on Tuesday now. Come on United! 
@gfalcone601 Are you going to be at Manchester? 
Playing Fifa 09 for the first time and only letting your brother (who has been playing since forever) get one goal in is a good feeling. 
Vela scores, 3-0!!! Arsenal against Portsmouth 
I miss the Arsenal game today... give me some news about the game, people!!!! 
http://piurl.com/1b2g : current location on the bus Manchester here I come 
It's Derby day! sooo excited 
Is in a rather busy pub in Sunderland.  x.
http://piurl.com/1b4A : current location landed in Manchester at last 
needs some Derby advice and quick...send me a text, or holler at me...847 six one three 7857. thanks, and please, no crank yankers. peace 
Watching Rea Madrid - FC Barcelona 
Chicharrito  Higuain
@Footbalistic 2-4 Barcelona still playing on a higher level  Football is wonderfull, isn't it?
Barca 4 - RM 2  Barca the best soccer team in the world
What an amazing 6th goal by Barcelona (crushing Madrid 2-6) Fans in Madrid start leaving the stadium, they can't take it anymore 
first opera for children, then amusement park, and the Real Madrid 2 - FC Barcelona 6, what a day 
@barcaloco Score 6 goals against Chelsea!! 
@naturesfare  I eat D Dutchman plain yogurt, when I can get it.  
@Alex_Manchester heh, so just ignore the stuff that doens't interest you.  That's what I do.
@gfalcone601 does that mean you are going to Manchester? My friend &amp; I are travelling up from Plymouth, can't wait! Stay well &amp; healthy 
Agger signs new deal! YES!!!!!!!! 
Waiting for Liverpool vs Newcastle to start.  
I have now just put my picture up  im enjoying my weekend at me partents in sunny Derby 
@MikelArteta poor old Real last night that Messi is a genius wonder if he would consider a move to merseyside 
@JeanneRose The Derby is big news in Canuck-land today! 
Liverpool is bathed in Sunshine today again..BRILLIANT!Hoping for a nice little 3 points today at Anfield..it's a must!! Come on Redmen! 
@LFCTV Predos for today... HT: 1-0 to us. FT: 4-0. Scorers: Gerrard (2), Kuyt, Alonso. 
@gfalcone601 Are you going to the Machester gig?? I can't blame you, it will be the best 
At Anfield waiting for the game to start 
is backing Newcastle today...SPURS are on their way to Europe! 
Pretty sure Liverpool are going to win since they're already 2-0 up.. just need Rangers now. Aeee. 
Newcaslte youth just won Hoops for Health comp. At least they won't go home emptyhanded 
finally back to Milan.. a desert Milan.. feelin' tired, but so relaxed 
Congrats to PNE on making the play-offs. Deepdale should be fun tonight! 
Probably the best game next season in the championship will be Leeds United Vs. Newcastle United.  MOT
Barca-6, Real Madrid- 2. Hmm was I watching tennis 
@davidyunker I cant wait to hear all abt your Derby experience 
Ooh! Birmingham City are back in the Premiership! 
@calvinharris follow the mcfly lads 
Boa noite Twitteiros  Corinthians ? haha kisses
@str1fe I don't think that we'll risk the future like that again, though as a Blues fan I do appreciate that side of it. 
@sabrinabryan hi my name is Chelsea and i respect your opinion when it comes to dwts. you were great on there too! 
@Shez wishing you were here too babe.. we'd have a ball 
@journo_at_work agree totally, think though if we can take a point off Everton and Liverpool beat Man City we are happy days 
ready to go to Milan  see ya'll this evening..
I like Rio Ferdinand - when he's wearing an England jersey.  
is cheering on the Arsenal Ladies!!    and missing my M...x 
is in the middle of the Irish sea... with absent elk brothers.  Newcastle here we come.  we love Newcastle 
I made Christian Bale laugh today...I told him he's not my man-crush anymore   I'll post my fun interview with him very, very soon!
Home from Chelsea's  Jam sessions = &lt;3 = Chelsea + Abby = I luh you.
@Shadez thanks  this one will be a hit. @Nani981 has been a patron since 2001 
in Newcastle enjoying the family  With mum on mother's day for the 1st time in years! 
@teamellyn sounds cool! Liverpool's ace, especially if you like the beatles cos there's museums and shops dedicated to them 
Where did I leave my Citeh jersey? 
@TheSimsHub I'm going to kill the person who should have went down to Manchester for me.  (only kidding; don't want the police on my door)
Gloomy day can't stop my bliss.  I hope Ronaldo will score in derby match today.
Anyone knows a site like the Swedish site &quot;sl.se&quot; or the great useful &quot;www.tfl.gov.uk&quot;, but for Liverpool? 
&lt; Benni is our daddy.  &gt;
Natural order has been restored and all is right with the world again   C'mon the Gers !
&amp;&amp; the manchester derby is about to kick off 
@KimmiMcFly Blackpool and Manchester  You? xx
@Stefanvds You think I'm McClaren fan?  #F1
is flicking between f1 + footy. Cmon Nico Rosberg and Man City! Arsenal playin later yay  hope Bendtner starts!
@Jennorocks Gay!!! lol We will get the 5 extra goals against Wigan weds nite 
Ronaldo's not happy - would love to be a fly on the wall in the dressing room when the whistle blows 
Right forget about the boring manc derby, it's all about #Arsenal v #Chelsea  #football
@Chelsea_Volturi Thats good 
#wheniwerealad Liverpool used to win Trophies!!! PMSL Some things ARE BETTER in 2009. Come on United 
Manchester United 2x0 Manchester City',  Ronaldo e Tevez'  
here's to hoping Arsenal don't lose tonight! 
@Wolfrum I support Arsenal and anyone playing Chelsea 
@Wolfrum I've been following  #Chelsea since Zola and before we was rich. So I'm good! 
Watching the Arsenal V Chelsea game . . And happy over Liverpool's 3-0 win yesterday 
Just crapped! And guess what guys? Manchester United edged Manchester City to move closer to their 3rd consecutive BPL! 
Good luc Barca against Villarreal today!!! Will be rooting for you with Mom during lunch today 
@tear96 my church has a United service for Christian Aid tonight 
Watching The Chelsea Game 3-0 atm 
Arsenal 1 Chelsea 4. Good Sunday 
thinks that Ballack is an influential German player. 
Sir Alex is happy with Ronaldo. Proud with Tevez. Team Play united, not individual play... look at the Top 4 matches.  
I love Chelsea Lately, one of the funniest shows every. 
come see me at posh 2night!  @ Posh http://loopt.us/OgTOOQ.t
@townofsalina http://twitpic.com/4ypg1 - I realized after I posted that, I meant up the road from Lyncourt, Not Liverpool.  
SO glad that Newcastle is finally out of the relegation zone! Will buy jersey if we're still in the Premier league next season! 
I dig Chelsea Lately 
looking forward to seeing Counting Crows at Wembley this evening 
What goes around comes around...!Povero Mazzarri 
@iNinja2009 Footie...kewl  I think my mate is coming to visit,i'll have to check. 5 mile walk and defo boozer later. xxx
@EzaHY I hope that Sir Alex will do everythink to keep him in  Manchester. 
@RotorGoat Senderos to Villa is not as good an idea as Senderos to United is. We should get our own back at them for Silvestre! 
@Toon sometimes slides aren't enough to bring the message .. you have to exaggerate 
@hsienchew Sounds much like Brum 
Cleaning the room and getting ready for Cluj! Eloize, woohoooo! 
@Livi_baby me tooooooooo!  y the f3ck wait?????
@NOTCOT  good morning from Milan 
And that's why I love Manchester - helpful,awesome people  Some great suggestions thanks
http://twitpic.com/559rk - I am so HAPPY! Coming soon- the photos of Barca winnig the Spanish league&amp;Champions league!!! 
Hospitals are exciting places! I got my ID for Liverpool Hospital 
@Mando_Diao cant wait til you come to London 
@Liverpool_TX good luck!!  I may have to relook it when I get back 
YES!! United and Chivas had a draw!! Finally something good(though a Chivas loss woulda been better...) Sounders FC can start catching up 
Arsenal , you will be better next season. 
Chelsea coverage starts tonight. 6pm BBC 1. 
Scottish breakfast to celebrate the Inter's victory  pooo-ppo-ro-po-poo-pooooo
@babyonion she says thanks! You know the country roads round Manc - can you recommend a nice pub for lunch? We've still got the car 
@CrazyMadThing Re: Chelsea Twibes bkground. I've asked, but expect it involves a whole site re-write. However, I'm working on something 
@chrisheuer @JasonFalls @adriana872 here's the audio of our little chat in Chelsea last night  http://bit.ly/5rBKh
Liverpool 1 up ... Yay 
@LaiSan_C Haha... I c I c... glad you enjoyed it though. So was there any Victoria Beckham lookalike with a tiny head? 
Setanta made me miss Liverpool's second goal! grrrr! Anyways, Good goin Kuyt! 
@Hotspur_1882 oh he has to score the winner, it's only right 
@McFanpire One day, I'll come in Lyon and you will not understand anything 
FT. Chelsea 2 Blackburn 0. 
@mactavish I hear that most dogs Milan has alpha rolled have biten him. He must have tough skin! 
I Will Follow You por Ronaldo  http://bit.ly/8zmWO
Only a few hours Inter Milan are going to raise the Scudetto!  Zlatan Ibrahimovic score more so he can end up as the Golden Boot winner 
YES just got word two posters of mine are going to be exhibited in Milan!! #good50x70 
Just got back from Liverpool street. Done some shopping with my beautiful mama 
2-0  Good match, Gerrard set another personal achievement, just like Liverpool first 82 points now 83, setting high standards ;)
@dryknuckles  Hiiii Chelsea 
@snydez it's Morrissey, Manchester own superstar artist! 
had the best weekend ever   Lunch with Porto tomorrow  yay
@YasmineGalenorn Pele is wonderful as long as you're courteous to her. 
@davecurrie damn right, I ain't arguing with a Snr RKC any day of the week! 
@urbancyclist Lyon are less boring this year as they are showing some normal weaknesses   Marseille in a normal state: always in crisis
Ancelotti is next blues manager  http://bit.ly/ISUgl
Persie just woke up from her beauty sleep. She's staring at the garden now. So cuteee 
Rebel Souljahs at Chelsea's grad party  irie beach partay! http://twitpic.com/5f2dj
@Sushilkrishnan Probably. But Maradona never claimed Saviola &amp; co was the never Maradona either! 
@Sushilkrishnan True. But Saviola never claimed that he was the next Maradona either! 
lol @ Newcastle United being below Hull City and Sunderland! ahaha 
Sitges: a small city about 35 kilometres southwest of Barcelona, can be considered a dynamic cultural oasis http://bit.ly/2dmP 
Checkout our blog for a review of #TDC09 http://twurl.nl/hl4fu6 - tx also to @FACT_Liverpool for their guest contribution 
@Posh_Totty nuff said...  @glowstars
@f_torres09 that trophy home to Liverpool next season, right? 
ooo don't need to go to Manchester until much later now - hurrah time to get lots o work done 
@splashmilk Of course, Mikel 
Is moving to sunny Liverpool this arvo  niiiiice X x X
Kaka gue mau dateng  yey gk bosen deh haha
Yaaay! The sun's out in Manchester today. Intermittent cloud, but fook it! Mostly sun. 
@Realradiorobin the traffic in Motherwell this morning was bad, you could not get a parking space for luv not money! was good tho 
@Jayme1988 correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't the Beatles from Liverpool? If so, then y'all can't be *that* bad. 
@Posh_Totty LOL I do !!!!!! 
@LStacey I'm getting defensive about Newcastle my home town  , why are you surprised it is so beautiful?
@empireofthekop  Tevez is an amazing player! I think you'd have to be mad not to want him at Liverpool 
winding down after a jazz packed wknd with a trip to Wilko's - my favourite shop 
@peelo118 Yeah, we will win FA, however I will be taking money of Chelsea and Arsenal fans so I am happy.  And you last won......exactly 
loved her day in Newcastle yesterday  xx
@gabriellaopaz ok! well I might make it to Barcelona before either 
@pcambra thanks - I'm trying to figure out what to do with my big laptop when I leave Barcelona bc I don't want to carry it on my bike 
I am buying a fly ticket to Milan.. 
@WendyN Barca next  thats one was a stag do too....myself and two mates were taken hostage by gangsters on the same trip...it was mad yes
-grins happily- Frank won the Player of the Year Award and Essien's goal against Barca won Goal of the Season. I voted for them! 
morning all tweeps  tis the weekend looking forward to the #F1 Monaco gp &amp; #SPL #Celtic game this weekend is all sports 
@urbanfly in my head I said it in a Manc accent like the boddingtons advert 
WOOT WOOT!! I just managed to get my hands on the Man Utd Asia Tour tix!! *phew* Rooney boy, here I come!!!! 
@angiasaa Hearts! 
@Pink good luck chuck! if its anywhere near as good as Manchester they will be happy! 
Leaving to Mallorca island! till next week 
@manakatie I'm glad you made it to the Gascoigne before it finally up and died. 
Morning peeps - what are you up to today? Tis a bit grey in Manchester !! But maybe the afternoon will be as sunny as yesterdays? 
@jamesrbarber how long are you in Barcelona? awesome city. been here for 9/10months. the weather will be amazing 
off to see two of my favourite gals, Thina and Chelsea 
United Nations of Hooters doing it bit for world peace  http://bit.ly/KBUsz
Finished the essay, now to hand it in and pack to go to Newcastle! I bloody deserve a mini holiday 
@alsutton yes - hoping your right about Manchester but i am planting the seeds of doubt  re glasgow
@davidgarrido Looking forward to some banter next season when Boro play the Owls 
Going to Aalborg tonight - carnival tomorrow! 
Just had my mom on the phone. I will be in Lille next week end 
YES YES!!!! TGIF...and I will be going to Liverpool for a long weekend... 
@JoshyPear wonderful choice  I'll be in Manchester at 3.20 
is off to buy some clothes for Barca 
@oculty Barcelona is a really nice and cool city. I've been there some times and I always enjoy their streets, beaches and people 
1001 updates!!!  24 days till Wembley!!! 
Oh it's raining in Manchester - now there is a surprise. I might start a hitch hikers guide to the Galaxy rain god chart - light drizzle 
Got to love Brazilian footballers names.  Kaka.  Robinho.  Maicon, that's Douglas Maicon to you and me 
@christfollower United of course 
@SarahMag80 you could always come to Anfield and help me ... no that would make things worse wouldn't it 
Falling asleep listening to the new United cd! So far so good! O, and I'll be seeing them live sooooon!! 
@futuredoc Pele, then unless they win all three hope is lost  off to watch Chelsea, nite babe.
@shabuz ha ha...it only happen for ManU man...u cant stop the win 
@wongkohwei What will decide tonite CL? United's potent strikeforce or Barca's frail looking defense? 
is rockin &amp; rollin to &quot;The Masterplan&quot; B-sides album by Oasis from 1998! How the f are these B-sides? They're too good! Manchester rocks 
just bought a little yellow outfit for Chelsea 
@ddlovato ! eeeeeeep! excited!  will you pretty please play new stuff at Wembley?
@NaniWaialeale I'll remind u tomorrow! Ice cream for Nani! 
watchin Chelsea lately how fun 
@Koppite4004   I would love to sign Tevez just for the chance of seeing the faces on the Utd fans.. 
is happy the sun's out here in Stoke-on-trent. Aaaah blue skies, very pleased 
I have insomnia.. So i am watching Chelsea Lately 
On my way to Manchester colledge 
@SapphyNo1 @performeradams Hiya, it is a beautiful morning here in Manchester, just had coffee outside surrounded by birds and squirrels! 
@sineadycullen I forgot to phone you but it's computing, art and geoggers  also english b4 maths! That's what mrs Lyon did for fiona.
@neethiisaac google web toolkit. good way to code Ajax, just code in java and it converts it to javascript. not sure if you know the diff 
@melanietaylor01 yeah, going to Newcastle  xx
