Most common words for this cluster:
[('massage', 90), ('yoga', 65), ('therapy', 33), ('spa', 28), ('today', 21), ('exercise', 17), ('day', 16), ('pedicure', 15), ('beauty', 14), ('amp', 14), ('com', 13), ('http', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'massage', 0.8387963771820068), (u'yoga', 0.7629178762435913), (u'reflexology_massage', 0.7533864378929138), (u'relaxing_massage', 0.737987220287323), (u'Massage', 0.7379162907600403), (u'reflexology', 0.7347449064254761), (u'massages', 0.731293797492981), (u'prenatal_massage', 0.7277916669845581), (u'massage_reflexology', 0.7272460460662842), (u'acupressure_massage', 0.7227858304977417)]





@frago I hate you. I didn't need to see that. I need to call my therapist now. 
Zen sushi for lunch today...looks like it's raining outside 
Awww my Whitestrips are not staying on 
Trying out this new Eucerin lotion for my hands. It's pretty awesome, but costs about $2.50 an ounce.  I've got the recessionitis 
spa spa spa, shop shop shop....  I want my old lifestyle back 
@tiamat22580 I need you ti fix my elliptical trainer, it squeaks 
@tiamat22580 I need you to fix my elliptical trainer, it squeaks 
Pilates is making me so sore 
@shadowcelery ohnoes  we had a tank, one healer, and two/three? dps do it
is working out now. 5 minutes of straight cardio, here I come! Hopefully this fat will go away. 
Yoga makes slouching painfulllll 
just starting aerobics routine  i would leave it but....
seriously shite at high impact cardio 
@calliean nom no.   reiki?
@BastetAsshur that is so sad. i hate it when beauty is spoiled and destroyed entirely. it's irrevirsible 
Thinking about getting a massage because I'm SO sore everywhere! 
A massage is the only answer 
 ...I did not get cast in but I will keep looking for some dance opportunities.  I need some exercise.
So I mention I'm into BDSM and the next thing I know all kinds of hot kinksters are following me.  But they're all women 
I'm in desprate need of a massage. To bad the bf is out of commission 
I couldn't afford Softlips so I had to buy poor people chapstick 
Still no stimulation. 
i don't want to go to sleep because i have to wake up to my trainer and i know he's going to be mean to me!  why must they be so ghoulish?
need a good massage badly 
doing yoga again felt great!!! I miss being healthy 
its too late for meditation... 
Getting Reflexology 2day, it always leaves me feeling down!  but hey ho!
@Simplytracy63 Not really  I've tried everything that usually helps flares, but it hasn't been. Massage, heat therapy, meds, etc.
Goodmorning! I'm here getting some work done. No WiiFit for me this morning!  I wanted my relaxing Yoga time!!
@MsSpark Yay! I've seen that Yoga mat move house twice now and it's never gotten any floor time that wasn't under the bed. We're so lazy! 
@britneyspears I've never had a massage 
my yoga studio is closing down  sad story! where will i work in exchange for free yoga? must find new outlets...
@MJChatter @regularguy I'm working at the salon so I can't go 
  Exercise 2 build muscle mass is only thing that speeds metabolism: http://tinyurl.com/bvagbj
whew, lucy's better + we've all been spared so far! now I'm off for pilates,hot yoga + then a bit of shopping...clothing  + groceries 
My everything hurts.... Exercise doesn't feel that good for you after 3 days 
@DantiChos i need fitness too... i'm fat 
My favourite trainers are breakin 
So, funny story, I was going to to Kayaking but then it rained 
trying to decide whether or not to carry on with laser treatment to get rid of my tattoo... it just hurts so much 
had the worst nights sleep ever and has a full day off Massage to do 
Freeeeeeezzing! I hate air conditioners 
I can't find my shampoo... 
Not looking forward to going to Aveda today 
I so need a good massage! 
Today I took a good look in the mirror and realized something about myself ... I really need Botox injections in my forehead.  
@RickJameswife hug, pedicure, a massage and ten years 
Itching to do some retail therapy. Why's e queue at club 21 so lonnng?? 
i don't know where my lotion is and it's upsetting me 
I need a massage 
I'm tired.....and def need a massage.... 
@leelaa Is that Yoga in a steamed room and its over 100 degrees in there? Omigosh...I'm so tempted to eat something. Its so late.  1am
I don't think the Master Cleanse was intended for travelers  feeling gross....
@lukeholland  I am mid-detox, I won't eat any 
no Yoga tonight  but i am going to try Pilates. lets see how many un-used muscles i can discover
is it normal for a masseusse to fully massage your buttocks? I swear she was a quarter inch from a medical exam.. 
@robgokeemusic shopping is therapuetic and i'm all about bettering myself... i need financing for my therapy however 
@lancearmstrong I want a massage!!!  
Missed my massage appointment..... Now Its 2maro   I needed it
@jennafletch at freddies having a cotch and LADYHAWKE is here, just missing you my bajan beauty 
So physical therapy 
@TJmodeling That sucks majorly...hhhmmmnnn...I'm thinking...I would've said the self tanner or a really good concealer...I'm stuck 
@ClarenceMcMill I went to the spa event thingy but I didn't see you 
I need a massage 
Is in mourning as the battery is about to die in his Zen  2 hours to go though.
making my exercises 
Where's my Stila order?  It's been almost 2 weeks.
@stoopidboi im just plain tired.  I slept 2 hours and im taking a CPR training 
Just finished a Crossfit WOD...completely beat...need food. Then it's outside to enjoy the awesome weather. And #spymaster still sucks 
Getting undressed for the therapist...it's frigid in here 
@willaokati awwww  lotion should help a little... hopefully it'll heal fast
Just got a pedi....but the polish is actually really ugly 
@raddfayce -pumps air into them-  CPR!  ... 
I need some tums. 
Infants in beauty pageants...that is just wrong!!!....And so sad! 
@Quingyar   i miss doing yoga 
chiropractors hurt! in so much pain  hopefully it will be worth it!
It's so late! I'm still at the salon 
I got a long day of homework ahead of me, need some sleep. Relaxation over 
Alyssalaganosky: i could use a massage. I'm all knotted up 
i am sun burned  i need to re-apply sun lotion !!!
I need some hardcore meditation classes 
@tommcfly i need a massage too 
I need a massage! 
our wireless is broken  the party was fun! a little sad...and exhausting! need some zen back - yoga, nap, tunes, etc...
Massage. Tgf gift Cards &amp; bdays...is over  wow, that was amazing &amp; so brief
@tommcfly I want a massage too 
Buying things for my costume, Toning up the body, no more beer 
Who knew a fasting cleanse actually involves actual fasting? 
Power Yoga   dat sounds borin bt yes it is effectiv i knw...... wat to do....wat nt to do....wat to do........wat nt to doooooo
learning hypnosis,too difficult 
I really don't understand fitness fanatics 
Not very impressed with my pedicure 
I need some aftersun 
Getting a pedicure by myself because @missbecca718 is mad at me 
@Sharekap i just woke up i have to set an appt with a physical therapist 
physical therapy has my knees killing me!  I thought it was supposed to help 
In the need for a really good foot massage..they're killing me 
Tired  need a massage
in need of a massage 
really needs her own space! Theres no where to do my yoga! 
*sigh* The insurance won't pay for physical therapy  http://plurk.com/p/xqghb
twenty minutes later my yoga teacher has still not shown up.  yoga fail.  
is doing a spa 
I ache all over...pilates trainner had NO mercy 
I am at work and I wish I wasn't.. I need a leg massage 
Physio this am, then off to work. Another beautiful day in scotland. Why isn't the weather always like this 
home from shortened Zumba class someone hit the transformer pole out in the street right in front of the gym and it knocked out the power 
My neck is fuct, I need a massage 
@TheDailyHerb I tried accupuncture but couldn't afford to see whether it was working at $60 a visit 
I forgot about this scratch on my face!  I scratched myself trippin cuz I thought there was a bug on me! LoL Makeup covers everything!
Fitness is now a genre @Jthrust 
@InsidePorn LOL!  I wish of was that kinda cardio and abs.  
i need a massage...such sore muscles  stupid exercise
@whitneybowles aw, baaaaby!  what's lazer acupuncture?!?
is really bored.  I'm waiting for Gel to reply.
@babygirlparis it's still going.. I wish I was getting a deep tissue massage 
Cardio at the gym is so boring wen there's nothing good on tv &amp; I have nothing 2 read!  20 more min! Uurrrrrrgh
My neck still hurts like a bitch. it's giving me migraines.  Massage anyone? 
catching my beauty rest...because i don't have beauty 
Just got done wit my morning Yoga..of to da J O B for my 12 hr day......Too much to do.....I need an assistant 
4 more freaking potions! 
@PnclSkrtsPrls You poor thing!  You need a relaxing massage and mani, stat. Then a nap. ;)
Getting ready to sign off - have to go to physical therapy 
i miss my old cuts &amp; my relaxer 
Working in the 85 degree tanning salon until 3 
@katarin that is icky  I'm pondering whether I would be interested in his singing if he were straight, an interesting mental exercise
not at yoga 
out of conditioner 
@sarawang  want some tums?
I love Aquafit!!  ps. I need a new bathing suit 
had Yoga session today morn.. woke up at 5:40..  Saturdays aren't the same anymore.. can't sleep till 9 
Finally home frm bartending &amp; in the bed but gotta b at work, @ the Spa at 9am 
Foot massage without @AlbaSeoaneAnton so sad so sad 
I'm deeply regretting that huge pizza last night. Exercise regime has gone out the window! 
Used to have a ghd straightner but it broke in half.. 
My legs r rly sore from working all week. I wanna massage 
@MichaelMcNeill I thnk I'm getting old lol someone even told me I had bags under my eyes tonight *gasps in horror*  boss can pay 4 Botox
Why do I always get the sniffles after a massage? 
is still @ the salon and may not get to shake, rattle and roll 
2 more yoga sessions nalang .  sux. 
My massage got cancelled again!!!!  
The kids have gone  I am SO SAD.   I think I need shopping therapy followed by Spa treatments this afternoon to cheer myself up.
My massage therapist just called and cancelled today. 
is limping to her spa appointment with a twisted ankle  http://plurk.com/p/yx1g8
is dreading the 5 shots that she has to get this summer 4 the nursing program and is not looking forward to next Saturdays 8 hr CPR class 
Having the most painful pedicure!!! 
urgh!\ i think i need therapy 
@xkhaotik get him on a nivea skincare routine, nivea rocks, too bad they have limited for women here 
@aycaat I need a healer too 
@brandizzle I want a massage... 
got my back strapped by the Physio yesterday, over it already, it's tight and itchy and pulling on my skin......  
Tough talk w/dad abt his inevitable divorce, #family court+custody battles. Signs that my !BDSM &quot;lifestyle&quot; might be brought against him. 
yeah... i need to do more cardio...  i hate cardio
I cant believe my skin is breaking out here  i shall hunt for a new toner and cleanser!!
@bunnyBISOUS i've been finding it very difficult to find yoga studios here that aren't aimed at the very old 
@rahimrahman @lisaabrons should have gotten that massage instead of running today. neck is no good at all 
Just made a bunch of gyoza, worked a 13 hour shift.. All for free.. To help my dad..  I'm so fucking tired. Spa please!
@abs1399 d'iiii know  Unfortunatly mine has shadowed upon me already!!!
just wants a neck massage 
I need a massage and my therapist is not picking up the phone  I'm gonna take a ride with @georgepoli in his bike and just relax
@Rocker384 Going jet skiing 4 a couple hours later then after that, chillax the rest of the day... Unwind since its back 2 work 2morrow 
my abs hurt so bad 
Dish duty followed by CPR class. Not my favorite day of camp!! 
i desperately need a massage 
24 hr fitness really needs to get its act together...no yoga instructor showed! 
I need a massage... 
Seriously just fell asleep in the tanning bed..ouch 
@LIPGLOSSBARBiEE I don't know but I need a massage right now kmt I'm not a happy bunny right now 
@bwharrison That's great! Exercise helps to clear my mind from all the clutter. I don't like going to a gym  I prefer the outdoors.
@EdenGetachew0 mann i need a therapist... 
Going to get a massage..,this pinched nerve is killing me 
@mileycyrus Why  are getting therapy what is wrong mileycans  ?
@erincampos my work outs now are so light, yoga, pilates and...walking 
Not feeling well, I want soup and a massage. 
exhaused, headache...more and more physical exercise to improve 
So much shit that I want... the new thing today is makeup haha Clinique foundation pweasss and new brushes 
Needs the best massage ever right now  not feeling so good
It's raining. I can't go to the fitness. 
@swannny I want new trainers 
@JohnWordsworth I agree, can't wait to go home, slather myself in aftersun and sleep 
got back and did HIIT on the turbo trainer and then while cleaning pool banged my head on the rotary drier and pulled my back 
physical therapy 
Needs a massage badly 
my abs hurt like i have done a million crunches 
My first physical therapy session is tonight.  I'm hoping for massages and ice cream, but expecting jumping jacks and pain.  
I need a massage 
http://twitpic.com/7hznc - I miss u LifeTime Fitness 
still havent even gotten on 90 so i guess no pedi from @beckyc416! 
At a cafe because my nail appointment is runing late. Gel or acrylic? Gel is too weak but acrylic turns yellow when I tan dammit! 
that hike killed my abs 
@iSukk aww  that's no good... you should see a good remedial therapist. Where do u live?
was playing on a trampoline and got hurt   Some soft tissue damage and doctor prescribed massage therapy
@charlesforman  i would do yoga with you no one wants to do it with me  lol
Zumba was soooo tough tonight. exhausted and slightly grumpy. 
@I_AM_K12 i get to travel for work.. like twice a year and thats for Spa&amp;Hair shows - that i have to go over on my own time for 
I need a massage 
is it sat? i need a massage soo bad 
it feels good to workout...wish i had a trainer 
@AshleighLCB i know....shittt.....we have fitness......ghhhhhhhh......we are screwedddd...!!! 
need to revise my lifestyle...  exercise exercise and exercise... yea rite WHEN?!!  Demit!! $&amp;^%(&amp;#%)*@!&amp;(_@*)!
I'd rather have boring yoga everyday than stay here. I'm alone again 
@Gel_6 I wanna watch too! But have exam tomorrow  #AITGSITW
Needs a massage!!!  #squarespace
Exercise is not helping 
found an ab exercise that apprently really works but its killer! 
eat dinner with my daddy now. can't see my mammie this evening. she goes to Pilates 
Makeup looks pretty crappy today 
Cardio or Yoga? I should have done my cardio this morning..but I did not, I lifted.  So I think yoga will have to be tomorrow  Boo.
I don't like this new shampoo n conditioner.. 
is still gutted i couldent see kasabian on sunday at the mighty Spa! 
I have to go to physical therapy! 
i need a massage yall, or just a backrub 
In need of stimulation and entertainment 
ortho. @beluga12 we were supposed to do stripper aerobics together 
Foot massage by Chinese man = interesting, and somewhat painful 
@yogi7 awwww .. so cute! .. but I can't afford the two I've got now  
Not looking forward to Plyometrics work out today...  boo.
i need a massage 
@melissadotson I can't afford it right now, myself.    I have my treadmill, but I need to start toning.  I wish I could w/o with you!
@mindywhite true that! it could be straight up raining out and i would still burn  some aloe lotion is the key to releif
@deb16h u did kickboxing?! where? i was supposed to do yoga but fell asleep instead  boo
@Tomas57 funny everyone has been asking for Reiki I did a really long session today. Where does it hurt?? 
I slept halfway through the chapter I wanted to finish last night.  We need OSIM chairs here.
If ur contemplating laser therapy remember not to be actively tanning or using tanning sprays or lotions. You will burn 
bmx is not physical therapy 
quads are burning  Bootcamp kicked my butt apparently...
I just performed the heimlick n i can't stop shakin  i think i need c get recertified in CPR.
@Cibu17 me too  except i just have to go to physical therapy
@SuzeOrmanShow wow I have bronchitis just now started like 2 days ago  no Reiki Master 4 me, or trip the Dr. R U KIDDING i cant afford it!
@Master_Cleanse I gave up on day 6....i'm soooo mad at myself 
It's raining and I'm tired  I need some retail therapy
Off to aerobics...this is so sad  lol
I need a massage!!! 
missed yoga 
K I give in, massage therapy for my hip or I won't be able to run in the underwear affaie  run last night was bad
I told my mom it was too late to do pilates...and she said, &quot;it's never too late to do Pilates&quot; ....what's she trying to tell me?  haha
wayy tired. Exercise drains my energy! no bueno 
@dontpetthesheep I miss my Zen  ipods ruin lives
@TerrierBram i don't know where i can find this stuff here  but meditation and yoga does me good!
@scuba_suzy I miss cadbury 
ugh i really need physical therapy.. 
http://twitpic.com/7pouq - I accidentally the whole thing   I ripped my yoga certification in half.
@slimdollars I'm was so going to planet fitness to but of some steam but now I have yo go to work ggrrrrr. 
Feeling sore now after the massage..... 
@faffypants I'm jealous.  I need a pedicure.
@babygirljer I know   Yoga at 4:30 pm today? I seriously miss my amazon!
Pure bleeding from that shave 
just went tubing. that was fun and relaxing but now i'm sunburned 
Seriously needs a massage 
air conditioner is broken. 
no belly dancing just cardio 
I lost my dancing techniques! 
Just worked out on my own...trainer is on vacay... 
I need a back massage  and a pedicure. I wish I was rich. 
Just got settled down. I need a massage. 
really wants to get a massage, but am about to go on vacation 
I need a massage! 
Agreeing with @markjames re acupressure massage win... although this will be my last one 
is it not enough that i bought the cd on yoga .... do i really have to do it everyday.... 
In dire need of a massage and kisses 
Yoga Tmr!  then marina barrage. But i'm broke this week  - http://tweet.sg
Off to the gym before work, although still knackered from yesterdays Cardio session 
Feels like a failure....I quit the Master Cleanse. 
abs hurt from pilates... 
@sextoysDOTcom Awwww, you don't have the toy I want.    Not all massages are external...;)
Grrrrr, won't get a chance to work out today. Wanted to do Bikram Yoga but the last class of the day is in an hour and I'll be busy 
spa castle tmr! why must it rain 
@xtankgirlx i'm not a piercer so i don't know. 
ahh my knee is killin me...doing Physical Therapy and then going to work...not so smart 
It is very difficult to do a beautiful manicure by myself. 
says i'm bored. cnu pedi makausap here?  http://plurk.com/p/12cuuy
Really sore. I need a massage. Like 4real 
I need a pedi but they don't open until 9 and I am tired 
I really need a neck massage 
Arm is aching not the one with the tats the other one  physical therapy will fix me
Getting a manicure and then smg. 
today i want: coffee, brunch, a manicure and pedicure.  why must it keep raining, though? 
ah, massage a luxury I am certain to miss 
@CariAlice Spa - just got back, we're all acting like stoners, we're so chilled, n shiny - watching SATC-our massuese wasnt like*that* 
i only have a dollar left  i usewd $2 on massage chairs
well i hurt and need a massage 
Aveda fail.  Horrrrrrible customer service and no haircut. I usually love it, but not today.
I'm back! Exercising 'self quarantine' day 1 
Massage achieved, happy ending not included  #springbreak2
meh. would anyone give me a massage? my neck is sore 
So, ya, 1 mile total.  Jogging .1 and walking .1   Jogging 10 minute miles made me winded.  What a difference 8 weeks makes.  #f-myfoot
is taking CPR tomorrow 
@maddiemarie I'm totally having to rethink foreplay now 
i want to dance but my muscles are aching 
Off to re-cert my CPR training... be back at 5 
That could b someone's father, and its not looking too good. Last I saw they were doing CPR... I really hope he is ok. I'm sad now 
@eldiablito_72 I definitely need a good massage. 
my baby's gone... i miss you, Zen 
back-just walked-found out the bad instructor was teaching pilates tonight-darn-so I'll do my own at home 
I just used conditioner as lotionn ugh! fml.  hahhaa
just did a Plyometric workout with my trainer and it tore me up!  Actually pulled my groin a little too.  In some pain...  
well, i just missed yoga 
got fucking bootcamp 
@erin_moore Yoga eh? that's better than maybe wearing an apron and a ribbon in her hair! 
Heading to the gym. Toning mania on the agenda for today. I am feeling tired. I hope I am not getting sick 
 back pain again!! calls for another therapy (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/13c7l9
@originalmary so much painful as usually  For beauty have to suffer.. I'm just suffering and beauty ? where? xD
Yoga for the first time in 2 months best feeling! Now I wish my knee would heal so I could get the full work out 
@arodslove It's too hot. Makeup meltdown 
my abs are sore 
Gel has failed me. I look like someone attacked me with a pritt stick 
ugh neck still hurts...can't afford a massage though 
I am scared my doggy lucy might die. 
Therapy next week? Not looking forward to it.  I wanna stop going.
got a basket of skincare to check out, jap mags to buy, hair to cut &amp; rebond, guzheng / dance  &amp; painting classes to take but no $ 
to all my fans that expected me at Tantra last nite... apologies... never take a nap before you supposed to go out... 
Omygoodness!! I'm so full! I have to call my trainer 
my abs hurt 
Nutritionist today for gastric bypass.   lets see what happens
#Bootcamp in the rain means cold on the skytrain. Why didn't I bring a sweater today??  On a plus note, I'll be on time for work this am.
she just pulled up. weird. she's always great at getting 45 min cardio in before we hook up for weights 
I am in so much pain  I need a massage from a beautiful woman...
@stationstops ugh I am so sorry that happened!!! That sucks. Pamper her tonight to ease the bad memory.  glad she wasn't hurt.
Off to physical therapy 
@tinylittlebear I have tried getting you up for yoga and I don't believe it!  I'm proud of you 
@valeriekhoo I love my chiro, he's fantastic 
retail therapy helps. Awww.... 
running went great *haha*, got enlisted in YOGA and fitness ... going pretty well today (for a birthday) 
@therelaxingzone we usually recite it during Zazen, i like saying it 
@jfpoilpret actually i didn't ! i have a great name now if i ever want to open a massage parlor  (no i won't be the one *massaging*)
trying to get the motivation up to do some yoga booty ballet! hahah 
Home from my theatre co. show. Relaxing with a Pinkberry and some 20/20. 
At the salon 
@beauty411 It happens to the best of us.  
...but first, a manicure  
it's such a nice day . manicure and pedicure w. @emporessansley  .
just got home from volunteering at the safety fair, i'm CPR certified now 
http://twitpic.com/3kvvo - just beauty 
says yey! pedicure  http://plurk.com/p/oyh2z
went to the Spa Wellness Centre in the Kovacova village 
@skincare_beauty 
Meditation has ended with this joke came to mind. It even didn't start. 
has gone retail therapy 
@sugarkiss21 have fun at the salon  I miss hearing from you
@laurencruz Thanks Gel! 
is off to do some bikram yoga  stretch stretch stretch!
testing the new Herbal Essences... yummy!!! 
went to the Spa Wellness Centre in the village of Kovacova 
@CathrynMcN lunch nd massage: no, sounds like a balanced lifestyle to me 
On my Wii Fit  Yoga is fun
Oh I am going to look into Reflexology Aha a good idea me thinks 
just finished pilates 
@jimmysmithtrain Legs and Abs training today! Thats my day 
@ALOliver  - so did you go for the indian head massage yet??? - will loosien everything out for your ironing marathon 
awakened to birthday morning. I love sentimental cards w/ handwritten messages . . . handsome hubby added a Spa certificate--frosting!  
@PinehurstResort We can't wait to comeback for more golf, food &amp; spa treatments, thoroughly enjoyed our stay!! 
i get to get up and do yoga tomorrow!   im really excited! i love yoga so much!
Yoga sesh!! wishing everyone a wonderful morning!! @intelligensia got me shades on to brill 
is excited to try out Pulse Yoga in Rockwell!  http://plurk.com/p/pasqd
@ImajicArt i had speech therapy  but i think i need more 
Off to Aveda, and to fix my guitar 
Going into work.. A full day of shooting for the Spa and the website..should be fun.. 
Yoga should be required for all PTSD patients. 
Three massages in three days... All spa-ed out 
I have the best masseuse! Massage, check; Gym, check; fun night, check - feel so relaxed and off to sleep now 
At Spa (: mmmh massages. hairtreatments. weird yummy thai drinks. life is wonderful 
@Tsukihysteria It was hilarious in it's failness though.  I just knew it wasn't going to work because they wouldn't get healers... 
Starting off the day with another positive bit of feedback from a Tarot reading for @TABITarot . Makes this part of my life worthwhile 
is enjoying a foot massage by her bf. 
Having another one of my @wheezywaiter marathons followed by a @levibeamish one. 
@breatheheavycom lol i agree! Exhale haters stop wasting your time 
Oh well, off to cut my lawn.  Exercise, exercise, exercise. . . right?  
is focusing on helping clients better their tans by selling them lotions  and keeping our beds sparkling clean
Spa day today...hot stone massage 
It's ZUMBA time......at class gettin' my sweat on!!! 
I am Reiki II certified now.  Call or email if you'd like me to send flowing Reiki healing to you!
My CPR skills are really not up to snuff @cshoops2000 I killed my practice dumby 
just made aqn appointment for massage 
emt bootcamp is coming up soon  sooo excited!!
http://twitpic.com/4fdeo - I made this beauty all by myself. 
At the hose after dealing with the mo's of Therapy. Queens with an attitude make a definite buzzkill 
@primajess its called beauty, I thought you'd be used to it by now? 
@CherylH77 don't worry about that   always... i think a massage would be wonderful actually 
good food, great massage...sigh i'll soon be going back to reality...motherhood!  well it was fun while it lasted 
I'm craving yoga poses - I think I'll indulge 
..it's all about compartmentalizing  -- according to the #therapy gurus @ least..
I am preparing for my first Bodybalance as a trainer, excited 
giving myself a manicure + pedicure  ahhh how i've missed you nice pretty nails...
back from the yoga retreat. I recommend this to everyone 
@ayou055 nope... it is telling you that you want cameo creams 
Makeup + cute dress = I'm ready to go 
@Flawless326 Too much? No, not unless one of the pillows ends up suffocating the one sleeping next to you. 
@red_hawt So, how's the fitness regime coming along hehehehe 
@drbaz_pilates: Yoga/pilates instructors should've been evaluated; dangerous to teach without proper accreditation/certification/whatever 
Beeen Exercising &amp; Tanning 
@joanna_e Spa in the wet was a big crash 
I wonder what my healthy yoga teacher will think about the battered fish I ate,  unlikely it will come up. 
About to go and do some yoga, then some singing, then some studying. Prioritised order? probably not. In order of what I love? Almost 
@YoPzelInsWriter No worries. That's what we're here for to help each other. You help with writing, I'll help with therapy. 
massage chairs  jess is looking at my boobs :o
@AlexAllTimeLow haha yay for lovemaking 
just had a very good manicure and pedicure for just two bucks  ayeaaah!
Chamomile tea + hot oatmeal + someone who loves me = I feel much better now. 
@Zen_Moments  did it have anything to do with Zen practice? initiate more interesting discussions/debates by bringing up  meaningful ?s ?
just got back from the salon.. [foot spa and manicure&amp;pedicure]. i feel awesome =] will go back tomorrow for hair treatment 
is off. Workout time.  http://plurk.com/p/tqnvu
Just got done doing Yoga.&lt;33 
Booking an appoitment for a pedicure 
@nya1275 cosmetic surgery may be easier ... 
@herevilroyalty I am on level 10  but took a break to do my Physical Therapy.I wish it was more than 200 ach points! sure is a quick play!
@StacieBee its not exactly new.  I am still seeing the very bestest spa girl.  Just um in her own spa  its a big yay for her.
relaxed after doing some easy hatha yoga 
got back from the natural spa!!! ahhh.. relaxinggg.. 
1h Yoga enabled me to scratch my back. 
is of off from wk.... NEVER have wk'd so hard in my life!! I need a massage and a good foot rub 
the spa was splendid. 
http://bbltwt.com/e3t35 -mudpack!  lol
Heading up to le cabin for some relaxation 
just finished doing yoga. feeling good 
Going for a long needed massage in cranberry att 230 
@Virtual_Yoga, @durgamaa.....ooh, liking this movie, for the spiritual warrior in me    http://bit.ly/VcWGw (link via virtual yoga)
ready to go out. shopping is the best therapy. 
@Almine Pilates .. never tried it.. i hope you enjoy it. Take care of your sunburn. Aloe helps. 
@MandyPandy32 the table and essential oils await madam.... I only do the full body massage though ....eeeek! 
has made progress clearing my mind...now it's time to feel better in body. Detox time...it always brings an added level of clarity 
a healthy diet, regular exercise, and plenty of yoga have effectively cured my restless legs syndrome. no more prescription meds for it! 
@Admanic It's a joke. You said Zen. Zen monks are usually bald. It was funny @ the time. I promise. 
Off to aqua aerobics shortly, exciting 
Planning on waking up for yoga, meditation and chai...there is no greater to wake up than a nabhi kriya 
@suziperry sounds like fun! And Acupuncture is great  - hope you are well
Finished adding hosiery, corsets, lingerie, massage oils and body chocolates to the shopping cart. Now adding vibes- a girl's best friend 
going to get my fitness on! 
doin my crunches b4 i leave.. on my new yoga mat  lol
Making Chamomile tea. 
I'm reading about ChiRunning 
@TanishaMusic I'll give u a massage 
I think I'll go to Curves soon. I have a feeling I'm gonna like what the scale tells me today. 
Blastin music &amp; doin my daily Workout! Pushups 
@crazytwism Can never get tired of the beauty there  Its so serene and untouched 
@christianaty manicure  I gave up on acrylics, lol. I break them too much.
excited for her first Bikram Yoga class tomorrow. 
off to do some yoga  missed this. haha. be back soon!
@hen4 I'm not that bad &amp; if I can get away with only doing 1 side I will ,the beauty of easy iron conditioner 
@apolaine It was at @yoni 
@DayleRobyn One needs to be (a) patient enough to wait for @Therapeutic_C ?  (phun intended)
@meredithmarsh lol, don't forget to do the Yoga, great stretching exercise 
omgg! love tresmee shampoo and conditioner!  x
going to get some sun.....then a manicure and pedicure 
Making some of my 'Bath Spa' wax melts. 
waiting for my CPR cetertification class to start 
Reiki can be used for so many conditions. a wonderful mode of healing. wonderful for your animal companions too! 
i need a massage 
gave myself a french manicure 
@reikifurbabies Reiki is such a blessing. It never ceases to amaze me every day 
@melleyToLive it told me i had great abs 
Going to sleep early so that I can get up early to grocery shop/ get a manicure and pedicure. 
... Just had a rad Yoga session now headin off 4 some Reiki.. 
@FILTHYSAL zumba pleaseee 
@ttheeran I'm on top of it! Just finished a pilates workout  aren't u proud!
@hugslenali lol your suppose to be sleeping...if I was there I would give you a massage to help relaxe you 
