Most common words for this cluster:
[('math', 306), ('maths', 295), ('homework', 174), ('coursework', 81), ('exam', 79), ('gcse', 78), ('tomorrow', 64), ('today', 45), ('school', 44), ('day', 41), ('pe', 36), ('test', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'math', 0.8166142702102661), (u'maths', 0.8106743693351746), (u'Math', 0.7942488193511963), (u'Maths', 0.7935522794723511), (u'mathematics', 0.7504714131355286), (u'algebra', 0.7342299818992615), (u'Mathematics', 0.7218952178955078), (u'Algebra_Geometry', 0.7106615900993347), (u'GCSE_maths', 0.7104283571243286), (u'calculus_trigonometry', 0.7037445306777954)]





is again in the math lab 
has a maths examen at 1 o clock 
Homework 
slowly loosing the will to live....had enough of emergent literacy, NLS, systematic phonics and government strategies, brain dead 
Taking the TAKS test today. Also, it's been one year. 
In math klass bored as hell!  urghhhhh i hate math!
hopefully going to get a mani...then some schoolwork.......so behind 
Still have the effing pink eye, and I actually think it's WORSE today. Math class at 11, but skipping my observation.  This makes me sad.
Taking  a quiz, &amp; I'm cold 
weight training,humanities,astronomy x2,math - guitar ; last day of sunshine  &lt;3
Homework 
Homework 
and so here comes the coursework 
-Doing coursework 
must actully get on with my coursework 
homeworks 
AAsshhh Homework today 
about to start a maths paper 
Homework 
loads of coursework to do 
Just finished catching up on my Algebra Homework.  Now to continue on the 5 essays I have due. 
Homework 
Has loads of coursework to do 
must. not. slack. must. do. homeworks. fuckyoutwittermsnandfacebook 
i have to do some math 
Is doin Homework 
coursework  nooooo
Art Coursework  boringgg
Currently doing GCSE Revision 
I need to do my homeworks buf 
I wish 16-year-olds could legally drive in Germany  I really could use that right now! Doing some Math in my bed 
learning for maths clastest 
Homework  groan!!!
So... fed... up... marking Maths books 
jake and hercules are still here.. but im doing math homework 
is doing my coursework as i am back to college tomorra 
Doing Homework 
@ETAKsha I apologise for being wrong at math  haha is this what it's like to be you? Ahh low blow, but so worth it ;)
reading and study mathematics and biology ... i have a lot of homework and i wanna go out 
Listening To Music and Doing Homework 
doing math 
struggling with relational algebra expressions 
Going eat with the fam... Homework later 
It appears I've forgotten almost an entire module of further maths...just great 
is looking for that stupid adapter then doing math and vocab 
Welsh Homework 
Getting ready to go back to school, not long till the GCSE's 
Homework for dayyyssssssss 
Screwed up Math ...  ... like everyone else.
In a boring PSHE lesson 
just got home, nearly failed my GCSE psychology course - got an extension to 8:30am tmr morning - i didn't know it was due today 
im really worried about my Mathematics subjects, im really not into numbers that much. 
Homework 
@DionneSouth that's good to hear. And I won't be enjoying the sun. GCSE's in 3 weeks. So loads to do 
I hate my comp sci teacher 
Homework 
Homework... 
I totally effed my midterm 
@andyshea I have tried. I just suck at math 
@hananifaiza what about it na? hahaahaaha I'mmm sooo freaked about math naaaa 
stressing about my coursework 
@keemscott Homework! 3 papers I've been writing for 3 weeks due in 1 week now  I am the BIGGEST procratinator...I work well under pressure
Math class starting !!' 
trying to open my eyes..hopefully the coffee kicks in soon! Another day of rain..run inside? Homework first 
I really don't want to HSAP testing today 
HSAP is going to suck 
got cryptography coursework finished and handed in 3 mins early!! wow on with team project now 
Morning everyone. Not looking forward to May, so many external exams this month  including my early Maths GCSE and AS Sociology
Math is taking foreverrrr. 
morning! today, i'm doing art coursework for GCSE. i desperately want a B and im so close - but out of ideas 
Homework! 
Sitting doing maths studying  Really not fun!
Doing Homework 
@tokicat but i like my subjects  i dont know what else to do 
Drama Coursework  anyone the know the exact story line of &quot;the bridge is out&quot;?
it's too early for sat math 
thinks she is gonna fail her GCSE Art course! 
Homework is bad. 
Another day off from school. tomorrow matkonet in Math 
Sittin at home, doin my homeowrk. Maths 
Homework 
science exam on wednesday ... learning, learning, learning 
@McJayxo haha yes i am back and not ready to do my maths hw that awaits 
I suppose i should do some coursework.... 
don't hate me please  math i tried to love  you
On my own today. Coursework I think 
Going to start math report.  waiting for daniella to text me to do the Calculations crap. ugh!
@bagussoo to learn! ill graduate this months and i have 4 biiiig exams in english, biology, maths and religion!!! 
is  making the ammendants to her Coursework!!!! 
has to do a math cumulative review later. enough said 
@Sabatea why did i just pick maths!?!?!?! i hate maths!!!!!! 
Homework 
I am really annoyed that i can get the highest score and still not get the highest grade. boo hoo  I want an enquiry
doing math homework. I really suck at math. ugh. 
Homework  http://myloc.me/sUN
Homework 
i hate german conjugations. 
Math and modern world hw 
Homework!!!! uh 
2 subjects! 2 to go 
http://twitpic.com/4jaax - Homework 
learning, learning,learning 
Homework 
@ipodtouch15 I didn't want to go today because I had Additional Maths first  but I really had no choice.
wondering if the whole charade is going to start up again just to self destruct yet another time.  Math final today...  Yuck 
should rather do the maths assignment than the programming one. Maths is just so boring tho 
Amazed that i made it to school on time!!!!! Homeroom then calc test first period  today is gunna suck i can tell
Homework 
Learning Geography for the test 
Math homework 
@_rolando : Haha, Gatorade sounds good right now. They serve it in the gym after PE. but I don't have PE today 
Textiles Coursework 
@Maareen I have to do math 
Boring Homework 
Homework stress, surgery stress, exam stress...I'm gonna die! 
oh thank god. if i calculated this correctly, i can still gets Cs in all my classes and graduate. please give me a C, biz cap professor. 
i have to do some maths hw 
i need a revision timetable sorting for my GCSE's they dont start for a week but it's gonna be a last minute cram 
I'm going to cry over maths. I am going to fail sooo bad. Why does G have to be smart and inavertedly make me feel inferior? 
Maths assignment! 
Science Homework! 
Homework to do 
@robday I hate maths. 
@mobbsey  Nothing that interesting this week for me.  NAPLAN  
is revising getting ready for the start of a month of GCSE exams  Drama tomorrow going second thro so at least i get it over with quickly
I really do not want to do math homework.... 
OMG a nearly 2 HOUR Maths exam tomorrow  and an hour long Geography exam &gt;_&lt;
Homework... 
Yay AS ICT Coursework 
tired!!!!!!! dont want MCAS on monday 
Off to sleep gonna have to have earlier nights this week  stupid NAPLAN test is a total pain &amp; I do not want to do it!!!
Homework !! 
i have 6 down subjects 
Actually @ashycee I don't know when NAPLAN is 
Homework 
trying to study for my IB exams. 
Homework.. 
@ingegoesbroadwa And for me, it's not a dresses day ('Oh really?') - but the things you say about PE and english, are true for me too 
My beautiful baby is 16 today ..... and has to sit her first GCSE 
How sad i have forgot my italian skills...  hehe
NAPLAN is over! But science tomorrow  Studying now. ;(
omg english language GCSE tomorow  a year early 
im gonna fail my GCSE'S next year!  
i lost my learning dances mood 
Math  !! I have written my audit in math!! It was so...  I hope it was okay!!
In IT veryy bored  PE next as well  its no my day!!!
Ahhhhhhh im gonna fail my GCSE'S anyone wanna take them for me 
I'm on my own at school, with maths next and a cracking headache  At least we've got a party in maths next!
coursework is so boring 
revising GCSE ICT 
school  history, science, fcs, math &amp; english.
Going to bed now, rowing in the morning, not overly excited and SOSE exam 
In school right now...just done P.E GCSE exam  looking forward to going home!
Today was a R.E. test. Homework are sometimes stupid. We must  handicraft a piano ?!?! idk how i can do it! hmm 
Watching TV, have to run in PE tomorrow!!! 
Hey my tweetin biatches  I &lt;3 you yoyo's!...its bin a looong time and a bit! But im back.....bout to sit an exam...I hate Math! 
I hate PE grading.  It should not be this hard to get an A 
waiting for my math tutor 
@nessasarous Now i finished yayayayaya! Now i have to do maths 
Homework  lol
it's been a long time since i have been on twitter. At the moment i'm doing my GCSE's s, so thats why i have been soooooo busy. 
 maths test tomz 
learning, learning, learning 
maths paper is too harddd... 
can't believe that MacDonalds post-it notes day was a year ago :O and is hating GCSE revision 
@andrewpycroft okay, i hate whoever decided to teach maths in schools. or i hate whoever decided to make it compulsory 
Gah.. I've got Maths homework to do. Trigonometry. 
Has maths SATS tomorrow...and needs to revise! 
 Boring English Coursework.
i fukin hate maths 
My voice is gooone. Being sick is not fun  On top of that, I have to write an English paper and study for tomorrow's Math exam. Rawr.
Is Totally Not ready and looking forward to this Maths exam tomorrow 
talking on xbox and revising for maths tommorow 
Homework homework homework. 
it is revising eng lit and maths  x
 revising for english lit GCSE on tues.. so boring and depressing 
@stephenfry  better than GCSE french stephen, you should count yourself lucky 
is dreading her Government and Math finals 
Maths exam tmorw 
@sianhughes_ ah same! i have my maths GCSE and English GCSE tomorrow  laaame
Doing English Homework 
stressed bout maths exam 
Math is killing me softly with it's algebra and other matemathic SHIT 
I'm doing homeworks 
doing homeworks 
I full on hate maths  Darn GCSE's :'(
i hate maths 
needs to revise more for her history GCSE exam coming up soon 
revising for me maths  GCSE's are great
maths exam tomrow 
@rocksaltgurl75 haha i wish i can screw the finals!! But if i dont get a good grade then my grades can drop.  and i worked way to hard to
No to school! Egad! I'm too tired for a Maths GCSE 
hey guess what, i suck at math. 
Just bombed the midterm with Thizzle 
Is it to late to do foundation maths 
maths exam later on 
up and ready to fail maths      
Off to college  for one maths lesson how annoying.
Detention @ 6:30AM tomorrow w/ Cox. Nap messed up my biological clock  Debating whether or not to take Math Level 2 diagnostic now.
Morning all! Maths GCSE later  at least I don't go into school until 1.30!
maths exam at 11 
bored in business! maths exam last lesson bad times gunna fail 
Erghhh GCSE maths exam!! good luck to anyone else doing it! ahhh helppp  x
maths exam at 1 
is soo not ready for maths 
Morning all   Maths exam today   x x twitter later x x x x
I've got 73 percents for CCNA test, it's disappointing 
Ergh Maths examination part 1  and 1:30 what a crappy day 
Wishin' @SkywayAvenueXx the best of luck right now! I know how effing frustrating Math is...  ily
in two hours i hvae my GSCE MATHS TEST and nothing is going into my useless brain   i wish i was smarter
Maths paper in 2 hours! What fun 
maths exam starts in 1:30 mins 
school  history, science, fcs (test), math &amp; english.
crapping myself over the maths exam, maths is my worst subject. ahhh 
i'm confident that i passed science and english. however... math tomorrow... i need help. i zone out too much. 5.3 
Math + marine science tests today. I am nervous 
i fucking hate algebra mcas math will suck tomorrow  &gt;:[
i got A for my maths test  yaaay! but my final mark for maths is probably going  to be B 
Maths exam 
Is about to go to school for her maths N3 module. 
i had to run 800m for PE today. now my legs hurt. 
waiting for another math's lesson!!!!!!!! 
I just realized im gonna fail my Math EOC 
Math and Sejarah on the same day is not fun. at alllllll 
is doing Maths  and fells maybe there is something i can do to cause some fun 
@vnskndrs i'm in the middle of it .... and it's shitty ... i need to start studying stupid math 
is trying to revise for her maths exam but it isn't going well 
psw isn't working. i can't check my gradees.  i bet i have like a c- in math, ugh im doing so pooorly in schoool.
Math is a waste of life 
Econ exam 
 my belly hurts. cant decide if i should go in for math and french.
our middle child graduates from Kindergarten today...sniff, sniff 
arghhhhhh! maths gcse was... well, what can i say! it was awful  A x
so tired... got PE tomorrow.  ihateit!  =.=;
Is in math. 
back from school. the GCSE went well i think! although my best answer was wrong  it took me ages to do aswell
I am thinking if I have done any good on my Maths exam?? 
Has Just Had A Mathematics Exam   English Lit Tmraa 
Maths exam at 9.... 
needs help in math.. She is really very weak in it 
Why? Why? was maths soo hard  boohooo
Is very very tired and really doesn't want to go to maths 
@Mariahightower ahh i know! And we have that quiz in algebra  bahaha
Math exam done. Thats two down, five to go  x
@natalieismint NIccee to knoww, PE 
umm. who knows what the periodic table is? Homework.&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; :0 
Too much math. 
AHHHHH!!! GCSEs  not gud tyms
Homework 
fireee drillllllll. i dont wana go baq 2 math 
I would love to go on countdown, but the maths area would let me down 
I don't like being taught a lesson 
maths used to be sexy but now its just ugly 
@The_Teach ooh that sounds fun...it's 11pm here and freezing 
@math_d0rk in the faucet. But it's too hard to drink right out of it. 
i am no good at geometry... 
Homework sux so bad 
@lexi_bexi has the prof from the 714 posted your grade? or even quiz avg!? it says avg quiz score is 79.62 for class but mines not up yet 
I Am Doing Homework 
did three nights of math hw wooo! .. it'd be better w/o the stupid derivatives worksheets due too 
maths homework 
says pe subjects are on! sadly.. no softball!  http://plurk.com/p/wlbuh
adflkadsj can't do math hw. sweet? 
Got A &amp; B for SOSE test, but I got a D+ overall for Maths 
@trixtia Sadly yes  maybe I can do trigo and chem but math no :O
@marrsattacks I was in a spelling bee in sixth grade. I lost because I couldn't spell exemplify 
@foomanizer @justNICKI @angelzilla aw u guys r sweet!!! i haven't yet watched both eps this week cuz i've been @ my TESOL night classes! 
didn't get the PE that i wanted.  http://plurk.com/p/wx3d2
@lizthelatina what about craig ec 
i failed my Math paper! 
[RestaurantCity] food quiz ?????? 
So. Much. Homework. I just want to sleep. 
Homework. ew fml. Should I pull an all nighter? I think I'm gonna have to again 
Algebra test in three hours! 
@EnglishRoses Equations and graphs 
Homework day 
Moodle Intro training this morning... ages since i've done that... and only 2 bookings 
My heads spinning from math, started to dream in formulas. NOT good. 
i dislike math, but math HATES me 
bad grades again 
Math is amazing and hell at the same time  socialily that is the naiv part is fine.
maths seriously hate me. 
Education doesn't move forward because we keep repeating our past (sigh) 
Just hit the 3000 word mark for his Geography Notes, and I'm not even doing it for GCSE? Mean while I've done a page of history 
Hates having broken wrist and has PE next ugh 
My GCSE and A Level work is at least 50x better than my degree work. Oh Uni, what did you do to me? 
I missed the math trade 
Hating GCSE geography 
I think I did okay on my Math Test today. I really really really hope I did. If I didn't I swear I will get SO mad at myslef. 
@aholston Homework bound for the whole weekend, not so fun 
@Yermilla really? bcoz i'm not good in math &amp; we r learning sumthing that we won't need  so thats why i don't like math &amp; my teacher is uh
@wwsiv  I got it in math and ss only 
OH: just saw my grades  2 Ds and 2 Cs... but no Fs.. I still have to take stats over... fml, but not really http://tinyurl.com/knmgcn
Homework.....again. 
Doing Homework! 
I have no idea who those blokes are  @DCbigpappa @dandyscopic  @wrhunt @downtheticket @DCBadger @jwtrautman  http://pikchur.com/aD9
Doing maths...hate it, but i gotta do it. 
@ryanwetzel  I am sort of Dyslexic. I mix up my sentence structure and similar sounding words when I write things down.
've just having my linear algebra quiz,, 
maths homework 
@sugarghc (contd) sums that i cant understand! i have 12 chapters of maths  to study in 2 weeks + another 10 subjects..stressed!! :/
been doing maths and geography all morning 
I am dreading MONDAY, Maths 
Homework, Homework and more homework ugh 
Math exam tomorrow  --- AND histroy  
Math  exam tomorrow  -- AND history 
JUst woke up. Homework is a bummer 
hates her PE class.  Why volleyball of all? :'-( http://plurk.com/p/x79ks
I was browsing through Secondary sch's yearbooks and I missed quite a no of ppl 
@bethrealistic but my spelling was entirely correct! It wants me to be an American speller 
Looking at my grades eww they're bad. 
and i would like to point out that the correct gerund here is tweeting. tweeting, not twittering. the atrocious grammar... it hurts. 
Needs a break from maths or she will go mad 
Homework time 
#stuffwotimadeup this is terrible grammar 
is sick of maths 
stuck in the house revising for GCSE when it is lovely and sunny out side  dint you just hate chemistry!!!!
@shanii_xOx I'm in 7th Grade, and I just do Quadratic Equations after school because of my parents wanting me to do it 
Math tutor @ 3 today  At least only 4 more days of school
@Fearnecotton omg fearne i'm doing history of medicine too for GCSE history how boring is it! i have so much to learn 
More Homework 
Boredom much! I am doing some of my forced revision for Monday's Maths Calculator paper 
Homework = 
i need to do my ict prep stuff to take into the exam!!! arghhh  i hate GCSE's.
@JamesScholes I'm neither fast at writing Braille nor am I fast at reading it either. only know uncontracted too 
@ItsMacroMike and i would like to point out that the correct gerund here is tweeting. not twittering. the atrocious grammar... it hurts. 
Homework 
@SethOtter WTF, that's my fursuit!    that quiz you took...
Math on last day? So dramatic... Odious... 
maths homework 
Homework of death!!! 
on which, there was more to that, but 140 characters is not much  Also it KILLS grammar.
I wish I could do math. It is impossible for me. 
Suddenly freaking out about grades 
i wish i was in PE 
cannot understand Maths for nuts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is doing geography coursework 
omgz integration and the logarithmic function. i've been doing maths all day 
I haven't done my maths homework yet. I've been too busy and i forgot about it. And now i am stuck with having to find my maths text book 
the maths gcse shittty reviison begins 
Ohhhh no! Maths exam tomorrow 
has found her passport and is revising maths  
@mobilephone2003 that's nothing to get annoyed over... I have a GCSE maths exam tomorow! 
sitting in the sunshine revising maths .... planning not to get any more burnt 
don't want to do my maths exam tomozz  iv left school for good  why make us come back and do them 
only been up for half hour and want to go back to bed  gta revise for maths GCSE tomos :'( &amp;&amp; do performing arts coursework for tuesday 
@RussellBfan90 mid term exams math, english, biology , art and textiles its horrible 
French coursework. 
Homework time 
I must revise maths but I don't know how 
screwed for maths!  hopes the paper will be easier then the last one, wish i was a math whiz
is still doing geography coursework 
Is on ScrewAttack, missed out this week due to Maths revision. Who goes to school on a Sunday to do 2 hours of Maths? Oh, me... 
Revising for Maths... I have the exam tomorrow... 
 grrr why does maths have to be SO frustratingly annoying and mind boggiling   
has the worst headache. Ever. AND i'm going to fail Maths tomorrow. Downer 
Revising geography  Exams suck
@Fearnecotton AHH! Still revising! Maths GCSE tomorrow..I'm bricking it.. 
just found out about the ResPrep Homework...  http://plurk.com/p/xfq8a
I am going to fail my Maths A level tomorrow 
@velzz hahaha yes History  you done yours? Maths was impossible as well!
@Its_SiAN sameeeeee  grrrrrrrrrrrr i hate maths!
I miss Studying Math  Having just a little &quot;Formal&quot;-ity for the time being..
Not wanting to go to school tomorrow and do Maths 
really should go revise some maths :L . can't really seem to pick up the energy to do so tho  haha
@luciaward Haha, maths first though 
@Fearnecotton loving the music!, sat at home revising for science GCSE's 
AHHHHHHHHH I can still do Math that I did a year ago, having a good memory rocks  (But having to go back and correct spelling doesn't  )
Math exam tomorrow 
Homework 
Trying to revise for maths  i hate it...
You reach a new low when you do facebook quizes. 
Homework Homework Homework...will it ever end  http://tumblr.com/x251wyp8k
finishing math project 
I'm so bored of revising maths 
reading pigman  annoying teachers
@dawnhallybone I think I'm annoyed because I did so badly- therefore regressed to pedantic maths teacher  
I have coursework to do 
Homework all day 
U.S. Homework  talk to meee, I'll be here. Hopefully out later - P.S. this phone convo is very amusing; Lol!! :x
Maths homework is preventing my pokemoning 
Eurghh Maths exam tommro  wish me luck!
A little pissed that I am invigilating a GSCE exam tomorrow and not sat in my garden reading- but I need the money 
enough with the quizzes! back to studying  !
playin guitar...not lookin forward to school tomorrow...GCSE;s 
ugh. maths 
I've had a really awful weekend and on top of that I have a Maths Terminal Exam tomorrow 
@AlexandraSource yeah, I am!!! AAAAHHHHHHHHH!! I wish I was doing GCSE's again... 
scared bout maths 2moz 
what a lovely day.  too bad i've done nothing for my MATHS GCSE tomorrow. 
Playing guitar, talking on msn, listening to empire of the sun and not a lot else.. Exam tomorrow..  Maths.. T_T
what a day! ups and downs! not cool. but i have a maths test tomoz GCSE's  but alls good i think it will be oki. wish me luck.
I know IB has his finals soon, but quite honestly, his lack of attention makes me feel hideous 
TWITTER, How I miss thou. EQAO starts tomorrow. 
Sunkissed :-* last couple days of school yyaayaayay   Homework now 
Homework 
I'll have to put this is the lessons to be learned category. 
Math test tomorrow     ;(
Homework = 
GCSE's here I cooooome 
I really can't be bothered with this Maths exam this morning. 
2hour maths exam 
i slept about 4 or 5 hours last night. i just couldnt sleep idk why. now i have really bad tummy pains. cant find my PE top and i cba.  
waking up for school now, last PE of third year  i hope weather is good again 
Got an GCSE Maths Exam Today 
i think i'm with the 1Bs this school year... i miss 1E! 
I don't want to do the maths exam 
Grades this semester = no good. There goes my social life next semester 
The maths exam was a failure 
Homework 
Bleugh, at uni now. Coursework handed in, just exam revision to go. *sigh* I want to go home 
Doing coursework 
Just found out I might be doing a gig on the day of my GCSE Biology Exam. In the hall. Which means I wont be able to set up in the day! 
looking frantically for cheap B&amp;Bs in paris. apparently, paris &amp; cheap accommodation dont go hand in hand 
I think I failed maths, and I just dropped my last hobnob 
maths is so depressing. 
my horrid math teacher gave us xtra homework... 
Is happy with her maths, but now I have to get on with geography revision 
I have so much to do .. Health final. Chem test. English project. Study for global. Math. And chem finals. And in sooo tired 
at home all alone  lol GCSE'S nearly over avv it  gona miss eastbrook class of 2009  brap lol
No more Maths   !! I feel absolutely terrible though  ill and complex.
I don't feel like going to math. 
Another day, another Maths GCSE. Not feeling to pleased with myself 
maths exam was easy! no more maths exams for me  woo! english paper 1 tomorrow  how boring!
Maths was hard 
@DaveyJam @Gawge you guys are lucky not having to do the coursework! 
i failed maths.  but its okay, who needs maths? hmph.
Ahhh algebra, english honors, and biology finals today 
@nathanjackson1 maths exam  
@Its_SiAN ahhhh maths  did u think it was hard?
so confused ... can't calculate simple determinants any more  ~47h left to go #math
its going slow so slow learning 
In math, about 2 go 2 english... i want 2 sleeep 
I have many homeworks... Aaarggh... 
answered quiz on w3schools and when about to see the score, net got disconnected..  will do again later...
@mileycyrus Can you teach me Math? I'll have a big test tomorrow 
math fail--- I don't know why happened in the maths paper today, but it certainly wasn't good 
no more maths forever and ever! quite sad really.. onto geography 
@mileycyrus Can you teach me Math? I'll have a big test tomorrow 
arrggghhhh i cant do this maths work - wayyy to hard 
is getting tired but haven't finish studying math  http://plurk.com/p/xozqo
doing my homeworks.. 
Wish me luck on my midterm. I'll need it. 
math makes me wanna cry 
is bogged down by Coursework  and is sick of him...
@AlisonTeall you hate higher tier maths? try module 5! I have epically failed 
@LoWaldorf i only got 71% of your quiz 
I'm in math.  it's definately not fun. 
Before my tutor came  can't breathe @jessicaveronica
Doing geography coursework 
ew i have maths class after this :/  ewwwww 
English/History Homework, unfortunately  
i feel so  rough and i have an english GCSE tomoz 
learning, learning leeeeaaarrrniing %(  spanish... omgosh i cant do this 
failed my math final...  
@IFUQiNH8PE0PLE damn that's bad biz  hopefully it comes..did you mail person come yet?
heads stuck in my math textbook...not a good day  
Has realised that GCSEs were half a lifetime ago!!!!  And is now trying to remember the names of all the people who taught her....
@IFUQiNH8PE0PLE Lol true. But then I won't be able to talk to you buddy 
Oh myyy gaaawwd!! Math will totally like be the death of me!!! Waaaaaaahhh! 
Drama Coursework 
@ktoint83 aww thankyou. hope your work goes well. i'm doing another exam. bloody GCSE's!  haha. do you find it hard to learn your lines? x
@brittanyashley Homework and summer school.  We'll go soon though!
algebra homework, studying for mwh. I hate my life 
wishes she could be in london with her brother tomorrow. Stupd GCSE's 
Doing Homework 
Homework day 
maaaan, I need PE shorts 
I'm so glad were better now. (:  Math Asses. tomorrow 
how hard is it to find a freaking starbucks around here! math tutorrr 
Math homework.........ugh  http://tinyurl.com/n9237w
@Taylors_tweets I know what you mean, I've been delaying my math homework for ages now and its finally caught up with me 
Homework! 
@JayceBlaze I swear I have marketable skills...really.  
Homework still 
Heading home to start Homework 
ew maths. don't make me. 
off to teaching woot 
Homework time 
damn it. did i lost my skills? need to watccchhh. 
Math homework 
Homework time.  
ugh..totally blanked out on my last math quiz 
Math is kerrrrezehh!!! It was extremely difficult. I'm hoping for tomorrow that chemistry wouldn't be that difficult hhhh 
maths is really gay and i hate skool  
Two GCSE's today. Maths and geography. Gutted. 
@ClaytonKennedy Ya i have to do Math 20 over the summer..uncool 
maths homework 
studying before the Maths exam  wish me luck pls
I have PE first lesson today  matbe someone else could swap with me :p
@KristianMiles I woke up @ 5 LOL it's actually not that bad but I was revising maths 
finished maths homework  ... English homework next. 
i dont get it   *the coursework*
had her maths and dt GCSE yesterday  now revision for chemistry? hmm
Homework 
huhuhu! 1st period is Math..followed by Trigonometry! what a great senior year for me! 
5 reports 21 Spelling tests 29 math lessons and an entire science book to go through. I'd better get to work 
Homework... 
has done his french Oral exam. On to Mathematics class 
I gotta hand back in my Math B textbook. I was using it as my laptop stand. 
@Madsalty chem resit, maths C4 and 2 geog. so gen studies doesnt really count. 
Getting ready for stupid school, I have a shit ton of tests, CPTs, math EQAO, and three exams in the next 2 weeks 
Doing maths 
Off To Math Class. 
In math 
i got another whole chapter for spanish to read!  ..i think english, politics and maths come first!!
wah  i'm losing my skills with countdown layout making. (i didn't even know i have &quot;skills&quot;)
Revising history for GCSE tomoz 
A Math class tomorrow. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
We got the FCAT scores back yesterday but they cant tell us what we got 
@Mikolak28 wow i'm jealous....but how many subjects do u have?? we have only like 12!? and the only A i'll get is in maths...probably 
aaahhh I'm in quite bad pain, I can't move my arms  Teach me to wear suncream...
In math! hate it 
c- in math right now. i'm sooo stressed. i need an a+ on this project and do realy well on every quiz to bring it up to a b 
watching full house and cleaning.  Homework soon though 
I need how to learn how to do math right. 
@badtom maybe no quiz like me 
@ChakatSunstreak I fail @ small math. 
i'm getting my classes done... how can I tech the be verb and still be a nice teacher? 
I totally failed at learning that song 
Just failed my quiz....that's not good 
i have disappointed @albumcoverart on her quiz 
doing math hw lameeeee 
i have emailed a drama draft to my teacher!! hallelujiah! now all i have to do is maths and english.. 
Math children's book. Ack. I want this week to be over, but don't. Last week for seniors! 
Bad lessons are bad. 
history exam + French listening exam = death by GCSEs 
@CHRISDJMOYLES I have History and French GCSEs today! 
maths exam violated me 
Doing Maths 
My TOEIC score 
just finished the exam of Maths.  but, the accounts' exam is waiting for me!! 
Since I didn't get my grade.    I am going to get some crawfish.
Homework homework homework... gotta finish topic work   xxxxx sooooo  TTYL.....
I'm doing maths craps 
What does 'congruent' mean in terms of maths? I'm at a blank 
maths test tommowrow 
really really doesnt like maths 
stupid maths half yearly  2moro
Calculus exam today 
In math totally bored 
We just really miss Grade Seveen.  Freshie naa! @-) @funny4ains @LITTLEWINDMILL
@mclovin094 did u fail maths? i didnt get my mark back 
i can finally relax! lol, double physics was boringgg :| maths and french after lunch  x
math final 
I've just had lunch - I've done a Maths exam at school 
still learning math. 
@LoveAjaMay girl that would make sense in any other class but it's Econ. and I gotta pay attention to this new stuff LOL I'm so lost 
Schoolwork again, lots of schoolwork to do today. 
So the math final was horrendusly hard   not fun...
I have to learn Math 
homeworks suck! tired of them. 
Walking home from school, it has been okay actually its just the whole school routine that I jate. Got a Science GCSE exam tomorrow! 
in Math..not doin anything bored... 
I'm fucking horrible at math  ugh
back to math 
I am going to fail my math regents, I know it 
@BisForBecca I really cant  Bit will you help me if i get stuck at maths &gt;
should start doing maths-homeworks... 
is wondering why the hell I picked GCSE History - that exam was so difficult today.   
doing MORE coursework and hates GCSES 
just finished my math final!  ugh so hard
really really wish I had studied for maths  to drop to pass or not to drop to pass??
Homework, Homework and more homework  SO BORING !!
maths c4 was shit    goodbye exeter..
@JiJi87 awww i wish i was home to entertain u 
Ouchy my legs hurt  stupid PE final
@JiJi87 well i just mean.....dunno. I wanna go home 
man i just took a math placement test.     foundations of mathematics here I come
@dooganized are you doing a level maths or which? I don't think I'll ever pass it 
Had Maths and Geo today!!! Maths was good Geo wasnt!!  Hurry up Boston!!
@redeyechicago @crushgear i only got 44% on the quiz 
bored out of my mind!  thinking about doing my math review.. but I'll probabaly just put it off as usual (:
teach me to miss Q's 1-4! 
Our attempted party failed when the flight attendant tried to get us drunk on jack's  safe at sfo, can't wait to see bobs and PE!
I hateeeee GCSEs 
Trying to do my math 
. i didnt really concentrate on my math benchmark 
Oh no I messed up the maths 
Shit. I have to take Principles of Math 11. I'm so terrible at math. 
@Tessalonika no I was sitting in maths! 
@craigmcgill Education and economics being, perhaps, the most heavily influenced. The general public just gets to vote every few years. 
ihave to do this stupid math packet but i dont want toooo 
@leighannirvine yep! the joy of BTEC courses - all c/w no exams, fun!  there's actually nothing to do at this age really is there! :-/ xxx
thought my old english teacher just came in. tried to hide cause i was scared 
I want exams to end...and yet, at the same time, I DON'T. This is such an SPM throwback. Except in A Levels, it's harder to say goodbye 
Doing Social Culture coursework 
need to study Math 
R.E Coursework! 
Ugh ugh ugh......coursework will never end! 
Homework 
Thinks doing Algebra on the weekend is just wrong.... 
Just finished math 2c... 
Doing more maths homework 
I really really hate math 
@Lenatu i dont think i did so good on the math  you?
currently revising IGCSE physics  bad times....
I can't concentrate on writing the Geography Exam Notes 
Moodle SUCKS!!!    I already HAVE my BA in Education!!!
Homework 
 back to maths. i wish i could stab it. but at least i have another red bull 
@quiz_master I wish i had inverter 
Now i'm stuck in tutor 
Maths or further procrastination? I should defs start maths soon 
I'm so damn scared because of Maths....I won't get it 
@jessicamloring What?! I thought it was a day thing!! Fackk youu! You miss PE 
@rhys_i_baby Homework mostly.  You?
Just woke up. Maths revision today i think 
eating .. studying math later 
i realy don't feel like studying math  hate math!! boring and hard
is going to flunk my math paper tmr  
doing my homeworks 
is doing his Homework, lots to do and so little time 
Coursework grr 
Making Homework 
@DanielApt I think I have to be able to solve that one, but I don't think I can haha. Math sucks and I have a 4 for it 
doing bloomin coursework 
Doing Coursework 
@lucylumcfly im good thaanks!x dong coursework 
Studying for CCNP  really need slp
@Jordskkk maths spanish then geography 
still doing coursework 
is so tired of learning 
drama coursework drags on, 
Math. Math and more math. 
Maths homework 
right, am off to finally do some coursework  not looking forward to it
english coursework 
studying so much... hate math... 
Maths homework. 
@jimroberts33 Statistics sounds almost as exciting as Algebra 
Homework. 
gotta get some sleep first GCSE moch tomorrow!  not good.
School Tomorro. Childcare, P.E., Double Art, Maths and English Omg.   x x x x x
Junior Cert  Maths P2 2mz but after that alls good!! :] Missin my sister and brother though!
working on my algebra project  then have to finish my spanish essay 
i like math, math is fun! 
@XBlueEyedBellaX I miss you too! I hate maths. 
i'm scarry my literature teacher 
Homework during the summer is super lame. And motivation is difficult 
Homework. Yay. =/ I am counting down the day for school to be over.. It's a pretty big numberr 
After several days of sunshine and blue skies, now it's grey and rainy.  I have no excuse to keep me from Algebra now. 
Homework is a bore. 
taking the NAPLEX tomorrow 
is done with dinner and now has to do Algebra homework :p 
@Wajod AQA no cw maths? I don't think I done too bad in the calc paper but really really fucked up in non calc  What about you?
Is saying bye to her math tutor of 2 years.  This is going to be sad 
Taking lessons at SaveTimeTrafficSchool.com is fun 
Math is something i cant stand. 
Homework time 
avoiding dong my psychology homework dame essays 
is studying for amazing race, working on aphg, and studying for math. 
I am *really disliking* this class. I was supposed to enjoy it  Teachers make everything 
Homework!!!!       
I'm starting to get very sad about my son's last day of Kindergarten in a few days. It's very bittersweet. 
i am absolutely, positvely, fucked for mathematics 
Doesnt want to do maths homework 
Bahhhh! Math 
@DaHoly1 me too...  i feel bad. deadass tho if u take 2 vitamin Cs a day the shit will b gone!
@esmeeworld studying for a stupid math final  how about you?
@shanellephant you're not your... my grammar just then was obnoxious 
Morning Twerps. I feel as if I've been dragged through a maze of holly bushes. Maths and English today, so completely not ready for Maths 
maths is my quicksand  always and forever, i need a tutor
yay for maths homework. uuh. 
Tear. Algebra is over. No more passing without doing work. 
doing tutor hw 
doing homeworks.. I hate doing homeworks..  g2g..
Is freezing my Butt off!! - Maths Homeworkk to do. 
shall be revising science!!  oh mann but at last it's the last GCSE's! (unless i fail) D:
shall be revising science!!  oh mann but at last it's the last GCSE! (unless i fail) D:
@kiwibastard IB is doing my head in. I can do the examples ok, but #fail if I try to deviate even a little 
About to start studying for my 830am Maths exam tomorrow. Anyone wanna come help? 
oooh math is soooo hard urgh! no one to help me  why teachers are so mean!
Maths next 
My baby's last day of PreK &amp; I have 2 b at work  I'm thankful that my parents r always there 4 him!
Math &amp;chimistry exam... This the end of my life 
on my way to BarBri for property lectures 
i have to go to school.   stupid IB.
Math final. 
My family are never happy with my grades.. I am average.. I get a B. I have interests in technology.. Not science and Maths.. 
Zomg! Math final in two hours 
I did bad on my quiz. 
Just finished business, whooooooop, another GCSE finished, only science left now, cant believe i have an exam on the very last day!!!  
doing coursework..... 
noooo... i dont want to see my add maths result 2moro 
Homework history and latin  3 weeks school and then vacation 
I've got a F in Math and french 
Goood morning! Math exam soon 
@guylikeu Just contact dai on the boards - a lot of the Cs are missing.   *hugs*  They want to fix it though!
@miss_smidge I do the distance learning MBA program at Heriot Watt.  Lecture once a year!  Exams from all over the world 3 times a year 
@xbllygbsnii oo you are? Fs wish a was there  wish a went everywhere with you  lol :$ am getting it, but mums having one too ;) so
woo o) orals done with!    now for the maths module 
@helply I have some problems   With Mathematics  
coursework  X
Doing Maths Homework 
uugh englsih, science &amp; french listening exam todayy :S glad to get those over with though (: R.S, Maths &amp; another french tomorrow though 
Having all this week having to do coursework for chemistry, physics and biology for the IGCSE's 
Math final was a fail :O just dropped off the boyfriend  I miss him already :/ stuck in traffic now O_O &lt;33333333
More coursework to do! 
@smilemon25 I got 66% in maths and am going to get booted out of my maths set! 
 school/band/maths/music lessons :,(
Homework  and a lot 
I hope I don't fail Econ. and not graduate 
I went to the zoo today with the Grade 3s - now i'm 5 different shades of brown 
ugh! Homework! 
Thinking about stressful coursework 
#flylady kids snacks packed 4 tomorrow, having bed time snack, finishing watching The Pagemaster, dd's last day of Kindergarten tomorrow 
dayna just failed her maths exam 
I need a math tutor, I haaatteee math 
Math final tomorrow  wish me luck?
Math... French exam tomorrow 
last day of Grade 10 tomorrow!  I'll miss you jack! :'(
Homework sucks.  I hate math forever.  I wanna skateboard.  
@saikou No, young one. Mathematics is such a solace, I kid you not. I kind of miss it. 
@taraclark_ by their math I did my math on my major average wrong... hmmmm... which means I'm technically lying on my resume... Bollocks 
studying for math exam  school sux.
i never really realised how much i hate maths 
I hate waking up   todays lessons... music, music, maths, science, maths, sciene 
I'm /FINALLY/ going to study, school (and math/biology exams) starts in 3 hours  #squarespace
Homework  doing  this art thingo ... SO  WEIRD :S
   fail maths  i knew it i was just too slow 
I can spend most of my session life time on studyin mr. Fs classes  but never pass d exam on time.I always fail 
That midterm was harder than I expected. 
sat in the libary doing english coursework  lol x
Doing homework.( Lots of it!)  Also studying for a quiz in Math.
math regents 
Err! NAPLAN was last month and we are still have to use it as a guide 
I'm excited for a math final... I love math. I'm a huge freak. 
@lazyass_ oh. ewwwwwwwww eeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. poor PE teachers 
Doing Litt1  Homework this time.
sleepy and tired, but so much work to get through...maths exam 2moro 
1 class down, 8 to go. Huuuuuu Math 
An A 4 Bs and a D in that module where I got screwed over with my coursework 
@tiffatienza09 it was so harddd.  me and alyssa were seriously like wtf? it was weird not seeing you in math!
haiz.. homeworks.. 
English learning 
my maths test made me hate maths even more. it was way too hard. 
And has stupid French coursework after this 
tweetdeck seems to be broken. it does  not update and when I restart it the geometry is set to appear off-screen 
math tmrw 
I'm watching this dude slowly fall asleep in Econ.  I wish I was him. 
@twelfthminute Loser, I am doing E Math. I hate you and your good sleep life 
@twelfthminute I am still doing E Math, ugh, I hate you and your perfect sleep life 
I'm going to sleep, then do geography/arts homework and probably cry about my biology exam and how I got a F this semester  #squarespace
ughh, geology coursework 
Doing my coursework  A x
if have to learn for my Mathstest next .i hate maths 
OK studying...won't be on...major Math Test tomorrow 
@meghan182 ugh  It's like perfect for me! How was your math regents?
bored of coursework!! 
Homework for summer school........ soooooooo bored 
@g2spoiled calculus 
Revising again for maths, I seriously hate percentages! 
studying for somen like CCNP on ur own can hurt when u dont have an physical person who can explain certain questions you may have 
i hate maths... 
math regents was easyyy .. 2 more to gooo 
History Coursework 
I hate coursework 
waaah!  a LOt Of Homework!!! But i go to dance 3 hours per day!!! 
Homework again 
gotta revise for maths but i cant be arsed! 
gah math review is soooo longgg 
doing coursework 
is in maths 
I miss Calculus already 
writting learning goals 
@gimbul_gimei yeah, i am trully depressed seeing my biology and math scores  two 6 on my list?? aaaaaaaaah, NEVER! 
I swearrr I hate PE! 
Off to school!  I hate PE!!!!!! http://tinyurl.com/lb3plp
Studying for two exams religion &amp; business  never thought religion would be so hard! 
@ec_wong: emily LOL i dont get how to do this 
my grade average is average.  I don't want a C, I want a B 
My Maths is really bad. 
bad scores from my exams  why dont they give me an A! Teachers are suck 
making flashcards for spanish....really? 
@natasha4985 u might go blind &amp; will have 2 twitt in Braille !!  (my potna yellin too soon, don't do it reconsider,read som lita-ture on t
Doing Homework 
Waiting  to go to college to do maths lol 
asks patapon electives to reach 3.50, or minor in finance? heeeeelp.  http://plurk.com/p/11jqbi
Visiting Tutor is coming to my placement today and I can not seem to get my printer working  so not log book
Morning, I hate Microeconomics 
coursework  ?
 Stats test/Rotary speech/NCEA speech/netball x 2/netball games/cultural night/lack of Maori-ness atm/packing = unhappy MIAH! :'(
Learning Exams 
Totally done with math! 
Homework 
I didn't study Geog today   Math stinks!
I don't like learning 
Homework 
is scared of PE.. 
Math exam til 12. 
learning, learning, learning  it's testweek :-|
I use to be good in math but now I suck 
@emma_shone I can its horrible! Coursework at the mo! Stressing in out at the mo! 
At school  to early. Math exam, wish me luck..  Ps Congrats to all graduates this year!
wooh maths last lesson then my maths tutor In half an hour 
Math all day long 
@charchee Why? Maths is terrible! 
is doing her rs coursework  
Just did my math exam and I think that I did horible but now I have business and more math 
loads of drama coursework  (zzzz)
revising for my GCSE's 
Maths calculator exams are harder than their non calculator brothers. 
Once you go to PE, it doesn't sound like you'd want to stop the subscription. A message gets displayed on your site.  #dnnpe
@ultrafoetus that remember me Math at the high...when I studied limits and integrals  by the way,I'm 21
@gigarcia I have some nerdy moments too.  I have to go to my Maths class now.  so boring. bye, have a good night or maybe day don't know
typing up flipping r.e coursework  suckish or what?
urgh maths! :|           why is it soooooo boring?! 
given up on the maths.            i'll just fail higher, i don't care... 
oh my word!! Maths exam tomorrow!!   i praying 2 pass that exam!! on the bright side friday is holiday!! 
doing math workk 
@iAmSdS I can't I'm studying for a midterm 
Is going to fail math whether she studies or not 
@Hipchick999 lololol! my maths teacher was a bag aswell 
i don't want to go schooool, fucking math exam u dirty mole.   !
eating pizza, and i'll study math  i want vocation !!!!
*Yawn* Some days I wish I am far away from school. Mostly on PE days, but I cant tell off the PE teacher. That sucks... 
studying for the math exam is killing me, fml @!#@$#^$%&amp; 
Homework 
Grades r posted...don't wanna know what i got 
math is such a beast! + i really don't get why i'm getting progressively worse and worse at it! 
Homework 
Math exam tomorrow 
is in maths doing algebra!  so freakin boring
in maths yet again.... 
@clevertitania What's wrong with my grammar? 
i got homeworks to do. 
byeee double math, i think i can't study that, hardd 
So many Maths Papers. &amp; That excludes my tuition work 
Just got home from school. No Homework! \/ Well, except for English &amp; Science materials. I`m happy! I haven't tweeted yesterday. 
@TeeNur im taking calculus as well. 
english coursework  ? and brogan ;)
@letsdrawmistle ahhhh you! leaving me for double maths on my own, i hate you  not really i love you butt grrr double maths? what am i  ...
I didn't finish grades... had to sleep. 
@peanut2509 LOL. I just suck at math.  You should help me with it, or something. And nope. O.o
mathematics tomorrow.. daaamn, I hate it! 
has Add Maths tuition later. crap 
....So Yeah Math is the final exam on Friday and then.... VACATIONS!!!; wish me good luck everyone on my Math final exam is difficult 
Math exam  I hope I don't fail. I kind of need it to pass the course.
I'm so sick  and I've got stacks of coursework (u) , not good at all :L !
A new bracelet is born ! http://awonderfulcaricatureofboredom.blogspot.com/2009/06/your-word-is-law.html Homework pile still awaits 
back from school ... but in 2 hours i have to get swimming with my PE class 
damn. Teachers here. I hate French coursework  me and mollie are such donkeys... casue we've um... started already?
@SpeedyRockett what's that for? math? or language? 2nd week and homework's piling up. crappo. 
Dreading math finalll.. 
math.unipd.it down 
Homework....  
haaate studying maths... can someone rescue me?! 
stuck helping a friend with his GMAT math test. He came to me cause I used to be good at Math , just realised I karat edi  Need to prctice
@only1lucylocket Unfortunately no I won't be a teacher yet. I've got to get my maths GCSE first before i can do teacher training. 
This weather is horrible and my math teacher is mean and makes me cry 
Watching charmed, and trying to do coursework.  .
Homework... I need help. 
@The_Teach ok just saw your pic now that I'm on twitter! love it. dunno why it didnt come through to the phone. stupid phone. 
making math. 
still doing homeworks. 
havin 2 write stupid geography essay 
@callumrudd yo do you have gordon's actual interview questions, as i have the HND ones 
@Belinduhh I'm @ school. Fucken boredddd in this annoying Math class 
Ive just realised that im nearer and nearer to my GCSE's 
math final!!!! 
Finishing interior design project then studyingg for math final 
At school.. Doing my Math 
is dreading the Physics GCSE Tomorrow 
has a math diploma today 
so totally fed up with all of the coursework that i have to do 
Math is the bane of my existence. That exam was brutal today  3/4 completed...
@dshack it's not even proper grammar!! 
Getting an early night - GCSE modulars in the morning 
urgh i carnt do my coursework conclusion 
@NOTCOT  &quot;I like Maths. I say we go to your room, add the bed, subtract your clothes, divide your legs and multiply.&quot; - It's never worked 
Right, bring on the logarithms! 
did scince regents. easy algebra i will fail though  pppeeeace
i have my Microeconomics final now 
@gingersnapsmama I am so behind with homeworks its unbelievable 
@16_MileyCyrus i have to go go ahead and do the quiz with out me  sry!!
doing maths 
Studying math is just so fun. 
Math Eaxm tomorrow 
UGH ! going to fail math &amp; latin !  whateverrr ... summers close &lt;3 !
@anapaulav don't say it.. I really wanted to be there but I had english and maths lessons.  I miss having fun with the girls and u
 tired and does not want to study math boo hoo
So hard!  I hate  maths and figures! - http://tweet.sg
Stress for math is over! But my eye still hurts 
@RickyDeHaas  what kind of math?
Chillaxing. Maths in 54321..... 
maths  it is so boring
In classics ;) but maths next 
@elleLOVESgreys same here lovely!!!!  Last night way ELL for me hehe. but yes... i miss it oh so much 
@aileen_yu01 I failed my Algebra test. 
iwant to go home.  doing english coursework, i feel ill. 
Just finished my english exam! maths at 1 
Exams went pretty well! Except maths 
had her last GCSE exam at last.. kinda sad schools over forever though 
Math Regents at 12:30   Free until then!
@nesspabz Yes o___0 Gosh, our teacher is killing us. I hate numbers. We have Physics, Adv. Algebra and Trigonometry 
GCSE drama courcework, 
maths went so bad. 
i'm back at work.. woohoo it's FRIDAY!!  now if i can get through Algebra i'll be fine 
just got up and about to do math! 
Math Regents in 2 hours 
Ugh i'm sitting in the auditorium waiting to take the math regents. Doesn't start till 11:45 
ughh getting ready for the math regents 
signed up for my &quot;new&quot; coarse in college  Health,English, and Math  no music 
just got out of my one and only class College Algebra, didn't do so well at the test 
Doing stupid Algebra 2 work for high school next year   Not fun, trust me!
@xMONYURINEx I finished my Math homework! I have to take a test tomorrow though. 
I wish I didn't suck so bad at maths. 
why does it take professors so long to post grades 
@The_Teach oh, i wish i had free movie weekend 
Alcohol makes me worse at math than i already am 
I received mail saying I have new followers but when I click t see. Nothing! Why!  Teach me anyone?
is going for math + science + chinese tuition in an hour. 
Why is it so hard for me to understand math? 
@crisscastell We didn't go out.  )) HAHAHA, Math.
Might have Fail Math Exam and prolly but hopefully not lost 10% and therefore failed the whole class :S.Might take Applied Math next year 
Might have Fail Math Exam and prolly but hopefully not lost 10%, therefore failing the whole class :S. Might take Applied Math next year 
Homework 
crap, i just realised i have maths tutorials...there goes my nap 
it would be a miracle if I passed my algebra regents 
@robbyj321 great! when it comes to number i am kindergarten student. i'm poor at maths and accounting. 
today math, volei then math 
Lazyy to do my homeworks. 
hopes she can answer her stupid vocabulary quiz later. uwah!  http://plurk.com/p/12cwz3
Homework. im freezing! 
I just discovered I have mild dyslexia 
..... Ugh! Homework 
@iFel I was supposed to finish half of my homeworks. 
@irmayzing it's expensive  but i loved it. hmmm i think you can choose pa on your first PE day.
Homework. 
Just woke up and start learning 
@ricekristis awww...i miss my lessons with alderete 
I need to upgrade my domestic skills 
Ready to start Math revisions... Only got three days let 
who says cAlculus is tougH?algebra is tougHer! 
Hey all... about 11:20 here, only just up and I'm still exhausted! *yawn* Should be doing coursework - have a ton of coursework to do! 
@buckhollywood I joined twitter for you! Purely cos you crack my life out. Teach me what to do!  x
Maths Asinment 
did a whole chapter in the maths book. ughh 
@paorockz why not sian  i hate maths omg
heading to maths now 
Messed up on the first final  ....FuCk maths!!!
sitting on my chair and thinking..........................about maths homework 
@Annniex its at 8:30 and i hate studying to !  and i'm scared for math!!
i cannot do this coursework 
Homework all day 
I have so much homework, it's ridiculous - an english essay, a maths project an english project and revision for 7 exams. 
Came out of the bath, now i need to revise for Maths! 
 GCSE's clearly suck.
@jengotB00Bs Yessuh. I don't want to be though. I had to come in extra early. 
I need to do some Algebra homework today... but it's so pretty out! 
Homework 
@heatherdedona I'm jealous! Homework for me. 
Doing Homework 
Watching Save the Last Dance and doing Math Homework 
@Ristourne Petit ingrat ! Lol just kidding, good night, I still work on my Geography  Mouak
Doing Chemistry and English Assignment. Block Exam next week. I am NOT looking forward to it... 
@dyllyfilms haha you should've seen it, it was terrible!  i definitely need parking lessons
I miss vocal lessons 
@semsemk Intravenous drip of happy juice please  Bs will do.
@Courtneyg17xo I'm really not, I just work ridiculously hard. I'd love to say I could get my grades just sitting on my arse, but i cant. 
@theperfectlie the coursework too! its our second one... 
I hateeee maths!!!! 
really not looking forward to tomorrow. business essay and maths exam which are not going to go well for me 
Math sucks...  #inaperfectworld, there'll not be algebra. - http://tweet.sg
had visitors.. but now i'm on to the maths homework 
Homework, homework, homework 
the thing is that, we had no IB classes today... 
is revising maths on GCSE bitesize - ughhhh! Hard work = 
Homework !! 
says rawr. again, i`m starting to dislike math.  http://plurk.com/p/12o88c
Arrrr, Math kills. But I still have so much more to doooooooo. 
Doing English coursework 
english coursework 
trying to do my maths homework   so bored 
Oh god, i hav to revise for maths that is tuesday  i h8 maths...
Ugh! Georgraphy Homework..... 
Coursework battle time  but it has got to be in tomorrow, so angry with myself for leaving it so long!!!!
i really cbaa doing coursework  gahh!
Coursework 
math is soooooo boring 
Stick learning for a scinece GCSE 
Got about 75% on past paper (OCR Maths Module 9) which is not enough for my A grade on UMS. 
Actually I have no grasp on Trigonometry in 3d at all, gonna not revise it. OCR bitches please don't make it be on tomorrow. 
I'm off to do some geography and maths revision 
What 2 do??? really dont want to have an maths exam tommorw 
stupid gayography coursework!! 
Finished the math provincial! I'm soo hungry  tomo is my  last exam! science.
5 highers suck 
I wish I was better at math. 
@seekbritney well I got a 91 on my math final  I probably failed my  chem final though 
Wow. Maths is kinda boring. I wanna be in computing with @YourAllCats but i cant  bet she is reading this too laughing....
@lucynyappy  I failed math
Homework 
Bout to take this FUCKING math final 
  I'm finding the intercept slope..and banging my head against the wall..Math brain heads come save me
studying for my math final. its going to be the worst out of them all  not feeling too confident!
@sagemarriott not much point in cramming. tried with math. still did terribly, ahaha 
On my way homeee. Math placement test soon 
getting readyy to be raped by the math b regents tommorow 
math b regent 
Ughhhh, math b 
got so much maths prep 
Defo Failed my GCSE Maths 
maths HW slowly puttin me into a coma ! algebra sooo not me!  help
20 mins till i need to go and do more maths in the lab 
I get distracted really, really easily. I can't get into this coursework 
Teachers with positive reinforcements are creepy. 
@ravidreams Students vs Teacher ratio matters in our places to implement such creative/novel ideas on education 
I just made the best quiz EVERRRRR but I don't think it saved 
Why is my programming teacher teaching us about mortgages? 
I am so bored, I don't want to study for math final..... 
My math tutor didn't show up!   I waited and waited!
awaiting to see my horrible science and math grade  BUUUTTT excited to see my lan.arts, reading , and geography (my favorite) grades!
Also trying to convince Raponi &amp; Matteilli to get twitter is not looking successful   I should be doing Math cheat sheets but ugh
Homework 
@baknitter I heard!! I think you're in charge of organizing all the teachers/rooms/rotations, etc 
Homework  yayy tmrws the last day of the weeeeek
Homework sucks and makes you hungry  going to buy a cookie now heh heh heh ^^ - http://tweet.sg
Why are my PE classmates so hot? xD And why are most of them upperclassmen? 
Just finished a quiz. I have been really light headed latery and I feel like fainting :/ not good 
@hinnasalam lol i agree, his lessons can be so tedious 
not letting go of my org.chem notes. i just want to run away from math. 
learning,learning, learning 
economics is over ..and now maths  ew.
@lilmarshmellow @darthjuju @zapamna flunked english by 1/3 of a grade  is scared!!
 Homework haven't finish but school is going to reopen.
my geography teacher is out to purposely torture me 
off to work. i mean, homeworks! haha! ugghh 
Homework! Homework! Homework! Homework! Homework! 
Homework and cleaning until 5...I've had enough fun this week 
I'm really tired. Almost falling asleep in Maths... 
Homework 
Critical Reading 630, Math 580, Writing 620 
thinking she failed her geo exam, and possibly math 
Ahh early morning math 
biggar high is officially shut to pupils now 
tafe quiz then PHOTOSHOOT with my sezdawg 
@KesavaReddy  mba is good for learning tools/techniques..but one shouldn't start taking the jargons seriously!
going too guitarr lessons 
almost time to go home.  Parent/Teacher interviews tonight.  Should be good 
I'd totally forgotten how much I love Teachers. 
Of course, Math+logic is needed for the initial handshake/language translation/decryption. Music+arts comes soon. Xenosociology is fun! 
@NicLizD Probably till Algebra, right? LOL -- (not saying ur not a math whiz) 
@shemah i have very  skills and i know how to use them LOL 
@mdemuth Even if you have lousy penmanship? 
Finishing Homework,and texting 
@trent_reznor Grammar police revised, thank god for delete.  You crack me up. +1 pt to you. At least you will avoid solar radiation.
@macegr I definitely compiled for the whole string  I got the coding dept covered... B.S. Math/comp sci. Its the EE where I'm weaker
Doing some math before the test tomorrow, I'm so not passing Math this year! I'm so having a 2 hours break later!! 
is off to swimming lessons 
I wish 16-year-olds could legally drive in Germany  I really could use that right now! Doing some Math in my bed 
@_LoneWolf_ hahahaa, i like geography  its just the coursework im not so keen on.... :\
today: math, applications, resume, cover letter, math  done!
@DanfromYiPS the tentth grade 
@harveymilk  my nana would have been 121! She was scanadlous &amp; magnificent. Trnsltd books into Braille was one of her talents
@sammyrichards i'm a really slower learner when it comes to that topic 
feels acomplished. did 2 sections of math homework, and wrote her 5 page theatre paper ... yay 
@estherxxamor @pancakestories hahaha, SATS are compulsory,, my dears.  So, it's basically T_T, PE tmrw! Mwahahahahohononono... : ' (
@feejin what grade do you have to pass #wingtsun  greetings from sihing 
is so sleeping in tomorrow, thank goodness for WASL  
@TheEngTeacher I think it's about time the Teacher was sent to the corner for a while! 
Math quiz is FUN 
just finished teaching gutiar 
One more chapter of Calculus to study and then we start our break! YAY.  Note to self: set the alarm so you won't oversleep.
Feeling completely excited about his GCSE art exam tomorrow. 
In ICT! Doing absolutely nothing 
Math exam wasn't *that* bad... not perfect either, but at least I'm confident I didn't fail. 
Math test wasn't that hard 
just got a few final grades back. definitely just earned a degree in religion. surprisingly proud of myself for once.  
any new pupils?  http://jaytrixz.mybrute.com
learning how to twitter! Teach me please 
@aC00LNERD me tooo! 
geometry lesson is easy peasy lemon sqeezy 
Homework makes me tired. Other stuff makes me excited 
@danniwimbush ill teach you when I get home. Its really simple 
@sarahsolovay I'll reply soon on MySpace!!  at the moment I'm super busy learning for Math exam next week! LY #homepartyger
@nocturnalie Thanks.  I teach little kid music. Grades K-5.
@alexiskold well stats isn't really proper maths. More arithmetic 
@drkilstein I've grown to love Grade B..(bonus..has more nutrients)  
taking quizzes on fezbook! haha! i should be working 
Homework then off to bed 
I'm teaching kids to be evil. I wonder if my grandma would still recommend an Education course if she knew that. 
finished the lessons, hooray! 
good luck nandito. first day of IB exam. you can do it! a road to berkeley. 
finally not talking about teachers but facilitators  #edumedia09
@colinkelly all the more reason to do ur highers later in life,vodka is a great study aid.45xy + 54pq=a 70 ml measure.I got an A in Maths 
new book in the pocket http://bit.ly/1bI7aD 
&quot;I love knowledge. I love thinkin. Fressshman. Fressshman.&quot; pellericious math song 
@merchantships You're welcome!  Math is really *not* my favorite thing but it's also so useful, so... 
@nowoo are you giving up on me  oh well. It's not the counting, it's the math and the weighting (or lack of) that doesn't make sense.
studying math ) it brought my brain to explode 
NAPLAN testing, tuesday, wednesday &amp; thursday. i'm afraid about the maths one, english ,not so much 
Math math math  Teaching my little cousin to subtract within 20 
@AllysonMenzies dearest al, i love you for helping me with math  even if you didnt exactly... hahahahahahahaahaahha love yuzz
Haha, teaching @itsstephlyn the basics of the Twitterworld. 
I'm bad at math, so the equation 2n+2n is 4n to me.   #1liners
@frannis yay you survived math! big ups! 
songwriting with pupils. 
Exam today, and I'm also auto fletching on Runescape...  
Goingto get beauty and smart sleep! Math Taks tomarrow! 
Overcoming fear is the best feeling in the world. Kicking Pre-Calculus' arse. 
YAY!! NAPLAN tests finished today!! 
Students, that is. 
our math instructor calls us terror students 
Not much time to get on twitter - board meeting last night and ESL parent night tonight.  Looking forward to weekend ~ to catch up 
@Sarah_East Good luck. my 16 year old doing it too, and sitting her PE GCSE as we speak 
I also dont have to take the science one  meaning the only exam I'm taking is math :/
@catfish_ohm but you do look thin in that mini-skirt photo  inspired me a lotXDD math homework? D:?????!!!
@BecaBear @architeuth1s And when I come back, I will bring my friends Grammar and Spelling with me 
@SarahLHeath Grammar became undervalued when we were limited to 140 characters...  
@strategiclee I haven't forgotten. Homework assignment coming soon 
@smileyserg That studyin paid off, from an F to a C+ final grade in finance 303 
@garpods22 4...lol my math skills aren't too great obviously! And YAY I can't wait to see him 
listening to worship  and maths again :|
@tyennie cause math is fun... 
@SamHolmes well @ least its not Bio n Maths all day 
drum/math project. this is a little harder than i thought...but it's fun. 
have German students here  when they need to revise for Maths tomorrow :/
@dfizzy I'm meant to be revising for my Maths GCSE tomorrow, but I cannot be arsed 
I will see ya'll tomorrow at some point. G'luck to @SophieLoves who has her Maths GCSE tomorrow  xoxo
loved that  now im really bored. i actually cannot revise maths, seriously /:
Maths are not that difficult, they're actually kinda cool  I'm getting ready for my Math final 
doing sit ups WHILE studying for Algebra. this works  burn calories+pass math+babysitting= toned, no summer school, and cash!  happy!
the teachers really gave us some hard questions.i failed almost all  chinese math..practically everything... 
Ah, the joys of an afternoon Maths exam... At least I've got a good morning 
Handed in SOSE 
@JiJi87 hope everything goes perfect for you 
is in school nd figuring out some maths  http://twitpic.com/5ezqj
going to maths tutoring... 
good luck to everyone doing their maths GCSE today! 
tehehehe much better  damn, just realised i know absolutly nothing for maths. fuck.
@tommcfly wooo i would have helped!! ha. ahh tom i have my maths GCSE today please wish me good luck!!  Xx
conquered the maths exam! 
@gfalcone601 woohoo i had crunchy nut for breakfast.. set me yp for the day.. got maths GCSE later!! eek! please wich me good luck  Xx
finished maths project, finally 
Going to get ready for Maths exam now.  When I get home it's time to work on my pecs and back 
@rodericktelan when do my lessons start? 
i am used to do my homeworks.. but.. i want to play.. 
@beckie0 my RE teacher said the GSCE paper was worded horribly. glad it went okay  i'm stressing with my room as i hate mess lol..
now after desperate housewives, to the cramming of Surds for math! 
final shout out of good luck to all of those sitting GCSE maths today 
Mmm, getting ready! Going to my grandmas for half an hour then getting Jay at the bus stop at 2. Maths revision tonight. Busyish day 
@dawndevirgilio but which grade? 
B+ in math and A- in short story 
@FruitLoopDr3aD  ok ok!!goodmornin im up earli got mad shyt to do and im nervous =\ i hate planes man
Math...even though its summer...then going outside!! yay!! i want to lay in the grass all day longg!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
maths non-cal was easyyy 
i passed a.math 
i just found out my grades and am officially off probation!! 
@FionW good luck on your final IB exam. Congratulations on graduating and college!!! 
@kailys3 So you're the older woman in this scenario? What's the problem, cougar? Teach him a few tricks! Like how to beg! 
off to bed..did homework for 1 hr. 17 mins..and it's not even complete! and it's Math..garrr..test tomorrow! night 
; am rejoicing for now the IB diploma program is officially over 
so much to do on a free day -.- : learning bio + maths, and also outlines for art  ...
downloading my copy of Teaching Geography 
Saturdays aren't supposed to start early. I guess tomorrow's an exception. Wish us luck for the speech choir! Grades are at stake.. haha! 
@itsmejesspb YES!!   http://bit.ly/FwbQR It's what got me into science and math (and stuffed into lockers) when I was a kid!  You saw it?!
My CCNA got renewed automatically 
passion on learning languages 
@ec23 me too   except we get fri off to...woohoo!
in civics, with mckenna !!!!! 
Tweeting in Math class, how fun. 
i'm in keyboarding with sammysaur. 
Econ exam is over, the Lakers lost, and I am off to the gym.  It's a good day 
Draw/Write, then sleep then Math Class. Got an 86 on first Math test 
@wstaffor You should have seen @meggobyte and her guffaws at each BarBri joke.  
@dyaniss Teach me tomorrow, please? 
@mscofino I thought for a minute you were going to say the PreK students were going to  use spreadsheets . 
@brkaminski Ahh how do you add pictures on here? Teach me Teach me Lol 
taking quizzes on @twistmag website.. 
pretty damn happy to do my nightly crossword puzzles 
@katiealto18 SOME losers. Specific, other, people are an exception  .. I hate the internet. it ruins my life. I need to be doing Homework.
Math can suck my cock. 
@kpnang What's your PE?? 
watching a nature movie at the geography lesson...  teachers lap top
What a busy day! Morning, i studied Math and now im gonna study English. In this afternoon, im even must study Math. Ownnnn!!! 
