Most common words for this cluster:
[('maybe', 661), ('i', 112), ('time', 98), ('sure', 89), ('today', 59), ('probably', 59), ('day', 53), ('seems', 48), ('hopefully', 44), ('lol', 43), ('tomorrow', 42), ('quot', 40)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Maybe', 0.937432050704956), (u'Or_maybe', 0.84588223695755), (u'Sure', 0.8084359765052795), (u'Actually', 0.7948321104049683), (u'And', 0.78267902135849), (u'So', 0.7776278853416443), (u'Surely', 0.7668558359146118), (u'Of_course', 0.7658036947250366), (u'Anyway', 0.7619069814682007), (u'Hmmm', 0.7613357305526733)]





hoping I can fall asleep after watching Knowing.  Definitely wasn't National Treasure 
@lancehenrikson just writ a @ticketbot thing, it is spamming people with tickets for bands with &quot;that word&quot; in. Probably children too 
No frickin way! http://tinyurl.com/3xzzcb How come I've never heard of this before!!! Maybe it's been canned  Scared just by the vid.
@mubix but they don't care of the implications of that information. Frankly too few care about sec when lives are at stake 
@DirtyA lolll. Nooo  then i'm back to my protein diet!! Maybe on a cheat day
@pilvlp I don't think I can find a way to convince Mom to drive that far out of her way.   Maybe you should call her and ask!  
@pocketnowTweets Wheres the X1 guys?? Surely worthy of a mention 
@squarenails Yep yep! Certainly more child-friendly than HK. Wide pavements, no tricky maneuvers for strollers. But air not too gd too. 
@dashkdot  Oh no!    Not to mention all the dust and yuck they'll inevitably stir up.  I'm so sorry.  Theoretically you get a better road?
@ChrisHaddad Where are you Haddad? Maybe my Tweetdeck just doesn't like your updates but I haven't seen you at all!! 
@Veronique_B Oh I know.. that's why I was so disappointed I couldn't go to Vancouver..  Maybe later this year or next year
@no_crybaby_doGs Oh ,I am so sorry...I am confused about what you are asking.  Maybe go into the forums on CP. They are very helpful!
@Hannais Maybe next contest Ill invest in making it available to everyone @jadesamantha_  I just lost 2 followers for some reason.
@matman617: who the Heck is the fat then?  cuz thats not nice 
@Gailporter Literally? Or just left the building 'left'? Arsehole if so 
@dani3boyz  I really had high hopes for #CBJ ... Maybe home ice I will change their luck.
@Irisheyz77 Maybe for the home-stretch but right now it's making me seriously ill.   Besides I'm pretty awake right now. #readathon
@SwayShay HAHA! Or maybe he did not notice? He seems to be ignoring us all 
Wondering what the general public's take is on the #g20 protests. Softened because of what's emerged? Probably not. 
@meganisforgiven I could've sworn I was follwing you before. Hmm. That'd explain why I never saw any of your updates. 
Is keen for a big fat greasy double or possibly triple cheeseburger. Hmmmmm. Yum. Already had dinner. Maybe another nite. 
@TheseStarkWords haha, I was nomming at your honey nut cheerios! Punk was on for 10 secs and left? Maybe he doesn't like us anymore 
@catherinexo Ok, most control panels should be easy enough to set it up. Maybe see if your host can help? Hard to help without access 
@goodgosh All it did for me was bring me back to twitter with the auto message that I joined. Maybe try again? Sorry I don't know more. 
Off to work today for 3pm  Maybe I will get in some serious Tweet time tonight!
Looks like WY is going to wait until next week  Maybe Ill just drive to Estes park today..........
Now I'm lonely!  Hmm... Maybe I could wash my ass and watch a movie.
I'm sitting in the garden, reading &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;.  Hopefully I can shake off the headache soon 
I'm working alone today..  borrrinnngg. Maybe I'll work on my Mario Kart score.
is still trying to find a friggin hoodie. Ugh. Maybe the season is gone for a good hoodie. 
Maybe it's just me, but when someone tells me &quot;Have a nice day,&quot; my response is usually &quot;You too,&quot; not &quot;I will,&quot; &quot;Yeah,&quot; or &quot;Whatever.&quot; 
just got up...I can feel a yawn coming on. AAUgh. There we go. Owww, school tomorrow 
@perezhilton by the way, were The Veronicas lip syncing? Sure sounds like it 
Gym/swim combo went surprisingly well today. Feeling energised &amp; alive. Certainly don't fancy sitting indoors working, but I must 
Have decided that my bangs seem as though they were cut by a velociraptor. Maybe it used scissors, but mostly likely its teeth. sigh 
{&lt;3kaylabrooketaylormike} Should I wake my brother up? Or let him sleep? Hmm...Sadly I have to wake him up! 
Waiting for bus one of three to get back to derby. Probably going to take almost three hours. It's only 26 miles 
string cheese and MTV. . . Maybe it might get my mind off how bad this week is going 
Ok, it's after 1:30 a.m... I'm going to try to go to sleep again.  Maybe it will work this time.  5:30 am, here I come!  
@antairgames Oh yeah, no one ever answered the interview I sent for 5 Fingers. Either that or it hit my spam folder. 
@markbrown83 Aww goggul thats lame  Booo.. Sending some kisses.. Maybe that mite help?? x x x
When in Sacramento... Maybe I should order a &quot;Washington Appletini&quot;... getting a little homesick.  http://mypict.me/pOm
Hubby got in at 4? and  woke me up  I wake up at six, I think I should wake him up. Maybe start banging about,or hoovering ? heehee
@KateOH CMON CHUCK.  If no chuck, ill be a sad panda 
Forgot, I've got to learn a couple of methods. Maybe not so much time as I thought... 
@Grumpydev Probably stretch to a new iPhone case and that's about it! 
Wow. ...s'posed to go to the Dudie's Burger Festival thing today...but it looks like thunderstorm weather.  Maybe it will clear up, eh?
I woke up cranky today!! Ugh! Maybe cuz my parents woke me up with loud music! And I hate THEIR kind if music!! 
Making Pancakes. Or she would have 
Is coming to Australia on your 'Someday/Maybe' list?  I've sent so many emails &amp; have now accepted that it may never be...  
I lost my wallet, so I am sitting in a Starbucks looking sad. Maybe someone will offer me a drink.  I'm hungry.
Up with a sore neck and back.  Somehow hurt my back while tanning last night. Twisted myself into some unnatural shape and *snap* ouch!
Kevin &amp; Bean passed on the HIGH HOPES promo interview     Oh well, what's a girl to do? Maybe eat $240 worth of pudding.
@FallenStar1 Yeah I know.  Maybe we can hook up later tonight or tomorrow ... I'm here til Mon. I'll text you
@iamjburge James! I'd love to be there but I'm going to a friend's hookah birthday party!  Maybe I'll stop by a little later if.
@mitchelmusso  Ohh,,, sorry Mitchel  Maybe next show is going to be better ok? LoveU!
I wanna watch JONAS!  Maybe I should check out at youtube. Hmm.
@Remy_Foster Maybe they felt the relationship wasn't fair. USBs always take, but never give 
@alistair I may not be able to make it (a *tad* skint till payday on Thurs)  booo   Maybe next time
I don't wanna  Can't even explain it really, because I do like my students, I just... I dunno. Maybe I'll get hit by a car though, right?
2-0 down at half time against Liverpool. Maybe we ARE destined for the drop after all 
day was ok  @jennyleepenny Lobster dinner not in budget today  Maybe that 225 million lottery will come in to... ? http://blip.fm/~5havw
@Ottimisvico HaHa. Mmmmm, I can just taste that chocolatey goodness now. XD If only I had some myself 
@dannyrodri http://twitpic.com/4hunm - Ewww!!!...If you look real close U can see a tiny cockroach on the lettuce 
@trohman hey Joe, how should I start to play guitar? with acoustic guitar or electric guitar? Maybe you could help me with this doubt 
@randum20 I believe it's because they haven't discovered their passion yet. Sad.  If someone discovers what they love, the money will come
Editing my old ehow articles with a horrible headache.  Also trying to link my ehow articles to twitter.  Probably what gave me a headache
wondering if  it really matters if I know how to write  things in IPA format? Probably not. Sorry Tommy 
Weird...a porn site tried to follow me on twitter   Maybe i need to change/update my profile?  (i blocked that site)
is hella bored!!! Maybe I should have went to Velvet with the homies!!!! 
Is it just me or does john mayer tweet a LOT. Maybe he's very lonesome if he seems to talk to us strangers as much as his friends? Sad 
@Makebarox unfortunately I'm settling for Mel's Diner..... Maybe next time..... 
Doesn't look like I'll be heading to Bris'ol for photos today  Maybe Weds...
@CandyMaize Probably 
 Fifa ticketing just times out. Seems like my 2010 ticket chances are getting less and less...
I have a pimple in my nostril. Surely this is swine flu 
Three straight days of sun and nice temperatures in #Peoria... Does that mean what I think it does?  Yep... More rain mid-week 
feelin like sittin back and chillin a bit... damn why no StarFucks Or Gloria'sFuckedUpJeans around to buy a nice coffee... wheres my baby 
:-/ Damn it.  Maybe some other time......................................................................................................
Noo! I didn't see the new Wolverine movie today (even though I've been waiting for a week)!!!! Maybe tommorow?.... 
Heck!    I wanna go to the fat farm with @kirstiealley
@jenleighbarry bummer jen! no posters for you then...even when they do come out!   Maybe I'll send u one! (cuz u know I'm getting one!)
@Ollien33 Next weekend's no good for me unfortunately.  Maybe the weekend after?
Hmmm... Would be nice but my man is away... Poor me   I'm WoRtHy Of It AlL...
@hanabobana Haha, sweet!  Sounds fun.  I've never &quot;climbed&quot; before, only rappelled...   Maybe I'll try sometime soon in Boulder
Feel slightly sick to my stomach. Maybe a slew of fried food for dinner tonight wasn't the best idea 
I wish I was in a better city! There is absolutely no point goin out here! BORING! If you've been out once, that's as good as it gets 
I want some birthday cake. XD Maybe a mother's day cake then! Too bad I'm miles away from my mom... 
Just said goodbye to my hubby  the next time I see him will be in an airport... Somewhere.
@HandC_Fans Aw boo  Maybe he was over-tweeted.. or maybe he did watch and was so shocked he couldnt reply, speechless like us LOL!
@MistressWynter oh noes! Maybe I do hate you!!!   Nah - not so much I don't think! Did I need to reply to that? okay - my bad 
Drowning.  Someday I hope to be free of these allergies.  
@wellerwishes  thks. he is resting, we are off to the vet tomorrow to check his cough. Probably not good news, but I need to know 
@mttravis Last ticket I got was in the OC. It SUCKED going to traffic school.  Maybe they force you to go cuz you pay more $$? =/
@corvalliswolf Nothing I wrote made any sense.  Maybe I should date the Scooby guy on MySpace.  Forgive me.  I'm drugged up and sleepy. 
So tired  Could just lay my head and go to sleep. Maybe I will this afternoon when back in own office...
About to leave for the airport.  DH will be in Texas for at least ten days.  Maybe more.    I'm going to be getting a lot of knitting done
@Sajarina Yay! I hope that isn't the same night as The Boss, but I bet it is  Maybe he'll be on opposite Blur, with a bit of luck...
@fuzzym Oh no.  Hopefully the month will fly by. ::hug::
And the archive failed when trying to archive the Trash folder.  Maybe I should just empty the trash instead.    I hate outlook sometimes.
Scanner still nog working... *angry* Maybe I should buy a new one.. Even though I don't want to.. 
@AlfinaHawaii Sucks that they won't allow you to be dual.  Maybe in the next 10 years (before you have to renew again!)..
@staycee_sea sorryyyyyyy   Someday!
@joenoia Umm... Perhaps? I'm somewhat busy right now though. 
@renu19 yeah. Was planng for Whistler - beautiful place, but need sme more days for it. Maybe next time  #vancouver
Sorry Tweeties, it's so dark in here!  Maybe next private party! 
@InLuvwithJON Definitely.I was on Millionaire in 2000. Sadly, didn't get into the hot seat. Missed it by 3.5 seconds 
@tinklebelle awww  Well I'd be happy to look it over and NOT pick it apart. Maybe sing your praises? You know you deserve them
@luishandshake missed you and ihop the other day  Maybe we can chat in GR
It's so rainy  Maybe CF is not in my future today! I didn't really want to go alone anyway :/
@bobjinx I wish I could goooo.  Bad planning on my part. Maybe next year!
My mom just offered to buy me new mocs if I through mine away  Heck no, dude!
Goodbye French braid as I unwind you  Maybe I'll wash my hair tomorrow morning instead...
Firefox crashes to often at the moment  Maybe I should change my browser
I hurt my right hand somehow. Maybe from digital painting? Ouch 
Ouch, my head  .... hate getting these Migraines  .... Maybe i need to drink more??!!
@drysock That sounds like a great day!  Sure beats catching up on work.  
@cupcakes5  Whoa there, Trigger!  Sounds like a sad codependency situation.      Maybe he is afraid to be alone for 5 minutes.  
@sorchamorrigan Waaaaaaaa! But, but, but   *sniff* Maybe another day then? *sniff* And it's so freakin sunny! BOO!
@LadyB84  Nope, cant see it. Sorrrry.    Maybe you should wear yellow, that always brings out tans.Not that I doubt you aren't very tan.
Managed to spray her entire kitchen with a thick film of burning hot split pea &amp; ham soup. Sure my entire body now has 3rd degree burns. 
Wolfram goes live http://bit.ly/JKnZv - but I keep getting timeout errors  Sure it'll be worth the wait...eventually...
@robschmob to get that pet you have to attend Blizzcon  Or buy it off ebay
Headed to Clark's graduation feelin' sick as hell! Maybe eating that bbq last nite wasn't the move 
@_Zafrina_ So she is currently not a very big fan of me!   Maybe once Mike is out of the hospital we can try to work it out.
@waltyates Hmm. According to my overgrown lawn &amp; rotting veggie roots, too.   Poor Marley. He'll look good with dreads tho.
One of the *many* things I didn't get to this weekend? Prepping a lightening talk for tonight's ruby brigade mtg.  Maybe next month. #CRB
@tarheelguice no idea  Fox is really horrible about letting you watch these things online.  Maybe check surfthechannel.com later
@tarheelguice no idea  Fox is really horrible about letting you watch these things online. Maybe check out surfthechannel.com
I think I'm disgusted. Have we been blacklisted at Bob's?  Maybe not.
@HigeFive Sadly it's pushed back the iPod Touch for a bit  - Maybe next month?
@lil_kimmeh @lemongeneration Yah, they ended up not being!  Maybe next time!
Im so tired. I don't feel like gettin ready. Maybe a hot shower will wake me up. Nahh, it never does. 
There's no place like Pooooouuuukeepsie...There's no place like Pooooouuuukeepsie. lol Wait I clicked my heels...I'm not there yet? 
Somehow, i think i am really tired and exhausted. Kill me 
Hmm. Clearly all the cute NIHers work in buildings that are NOT the Clinical Center. Sad for me. 
Just skyped with Cameron, he is still all busy, and has a cold!  Seems to be having a good time though.
@lingindiejunkie En lost  Maybe you should explain it in english..hahas..
@Hawkbow Yeah, especially since I asked and did not receive for Valentine's Day! Apparently 2 new guns a year is my quota. 
 maybe you don't see me the way I think you do. Maybe it's all in my mind. Ugh, I don't know...
Exhausted. Seems like all my bones are falling off 
@Sun_Shyn Actually, not so much today.  It seems back to normal (slow). (
@coolbeans5785 Sorry to hear about your job  Hopefully something will come thru for you soon... this whole time just sux 
@recasm awww poor baby  Maybe next game...NOPE! lol
I'm a little tired. Don't know why. Maybe I'm coming down with something. 
http://twitpic.com/65vbg - I AM SAD  Maybe I should start a new trend and wear my nose stud like this all the time? Hahahah.
@Sammybeany oh dear  I am sorry. Maybe we could meet up at the 7-11 Diner for lunch while you're in PA. That would make you feel better.
Ok, test successful~now it's just remembering the #fb for facebook! Maybe it's time for my chik ndl soup for this crappy sore throat now 
@ffidler bummed you didn't make it. I think @awapy had fun but I didn't get to meet @vboykis &amp; mr.b  Someday soon hopefully.
Heck, no i am not going to bed, this thunderstorm is scaring me.. 
@audreypanda Alright, feel better! And get better soon  Maybe you caught the swine flu from Marmar, LOL.
Today i must make some not very funny works  And in the afternoon i must clean my loft. Maybe i must look for a Cleaner-Service ;-)
@Neets68 Poached, PLEASE! Somehow can't seem to do poached myself ... 
This Peach never went to prom  Maybe I'll ask one of my little brother's friends 2 take me.
@heresmyhello92 LOL, very true. Maybe next year. I loooved that siggy, and I don't remember what the password for the mod thing was  Cake?
why does my body decide NOW is a good time to wake up every morning at 8?! Maybe Dean will wait for me in my dreams... 
@inrsoul argh. Interested. Time maybe can't go. Maybe. 
@OwenGreaves I've given the $19.99 question more thought. U may be right. One host provides HD quality to all viewers? Maybe not. 
would rather be with the bride doing last minute wedding stuff instead of being stuck behind a desk until 5.  Someday...
Crazy debt issue. Maybe I had messed up when closing my old account? Not really sure but looks like I may have to cover it - aaargh... 
@cindaxo the straightener's another 110 pounds though. Seems pricey 
@marisette Weird! Maybe all the updates just aren't being sent to my phone  Haha
Boring day today. Broke so I can't go and see my friend's band tonight  Maybe The Q tomorrow though.
@GenuineAmy I wanna watch that movie again. Maybe that dvd will work in my laptop since Dawson's Creek doesn't 
if you have 75 cents, U can buy a share of GM stock.  Probably 50 cents tomorrow. 
Hmm, $25 to see the Decemberists, but I have to go to Raleigh on a work night... or $95 for cheap seats to the Bolshoi? Probably neither 
If you followed us recently, PLEASE dont be offended that we haven't followed back. We hit our limit.   Hopefully we will be free soon.
is chilled out tonite, so cannot spew venom or write funny. Seems like these are the only 2 styles she has 
@allysonrobinson I am working my way through a bottle of Excedrin. Maybe we are twins.  
@skaterdays LOL, such a dork. Hmm, is that book pretty good? Maybe I should check it out. That's why 4gb sucks  8 isn't much better.
@empirebetty Well I can tell you I didn't marry my like. Maybe that's why I'm stuck in situations like I am now 
I think I have H1N1...     Or maybe just a cold. 
@alpy apparently!  Haven't tried the site tho. Maybe will get better results.
@alikat89 Awww, that sucks. Maybe it's on Youtube somewhere? 
Malibu make me sleepy  and he doesn't want to text me when i'm drinking, silly him. Maybe i'll ring you later ;-)
@infobunny Ouch. Realising how sheltered my upbringing was. 
@RainbowAnne  Well, it was a nice thought while it lasted. Maybe he'll leave properly next time *crosses fingers*
Phone died&amp;camera is in my car which I lent2someone... craptastic! Won't have a camera4Battle of Bands tmrw.  Maybe buy disposable?
I'm in the market for a $15 &quot;Coach&quot; watch.  Maybe $10- husband was laid off today. 
Hmm... Started raining... This is not conducive to going out and about downtown tonight.   Maybe it will let up?
@sarahlknapp Aww, the Knapps are not doing so good this weekend.  Sleep tight, both of you. Maybe it'll go away.
My Nuggets lost   Oh well..Maybe tomorrow my Magics will win.
@danielho No you don't. They're not good. We couldn't find the camera.  Maybe I'll load a few tomorrow, but I warn you. Ok?
Holy frikn Heck, feelz like i've been on a week long bender &amp; it woz only 1 night! eyes are blood shot &amp; barely stay open 
@mandahoofs aww if i had know we could have totally Met up!  never mind. Maybe when im in vegas! 
@snowcapps WTF was that? Sure the bird was cool but the damn little kid screaming out guttural noise made my head hurt. 
@craftygirl7 I know  Maybe I'll search online for some fantasy book names
2 1/2 hours till we leave G-town. I have to sit with a stranger on the plane  (Either that or my brother) I choose Stranger
I wonder if I'm gonna have a hard time sleeping like usual  Perhaps I should take some Nyquil.
is bummed  Chelsea Lately is a re-run. off to bed early, need to wake up REALLY early &amp; do 3 weeks of homework in 2 days...wish me luck
Jian der why take so long?! Heck I don't think this is gonna work out.  I'm going to ask him later through phone.
Oh. It's sunny again. Hurts my eyes. Maybe I can stay in all day while mummy does stuff outside. Daddy's working all day.  x
Hmmm.... Apparently it will remain in the undergrowth until the 15th...... Unless you are at the Rock n Roll marathon Expo which I'm not 
Have a headache  Maybe watchin Friends will compensate? :L
@ir0nisland Lol. ... I wish I could help 'ya, but my connection's really slow already.  Maybe when I change ISPs. 
@FrankieTheSats do you hate me?  why dont u answer to me? plz say 'Happy BirthDay Or and Roni' plz it's will make them happy. 
Didn't get a Wii yesterday, didn't have enough time...  Maybe today... Maybe
@edgedood  Where were you meant to be seeing them? And idea how you lost it at all? Seems so strange!
Toying with idea of having day off. Realising I can't. Will take Tues off although... 3 books to review... new book to write. Maybe not. 
@Kelsie_love  sorry for you. I have never had pink eye.Not even when I was little.Maybe something irritaed you eye.You should see a doc
@TheChristinaKim  Somewhere in the top 7 makes you sad? 
&quot;&quot;Doing some work&quot;&quot; Facebook, myspace here I come! Ok wished i done the french earlier! Maybe I would remember what exactly to put in it! 
Beautiful day! Maybe I will go hiking later, but now I need to mow some grass   All that rain has made it grow faster than i can cut.
@alexandriabrown Finishing latest CS Friedman. She's been letting me down lately.  So did J. Birmingham. Maybe better luck later.
Lost is glasses in the woods  Maybe some hasher will find them and I'll only have to drink for it instead of buying new ones...
@ensredshirt From this day on I gonna eat Ice cream every morning! Yummmmm. Maybe not so good for the weight though 
@williamchadwick Oh dear  Hopefully the total wipe and re-start will help but  doubt it as these toshibits have been extremly unreliable.
Hangovers suck &amp; so does working on sat. Maybe one day I'll learn not to combine the two. Bed time sounds nice 
@teemwilliams You comin to Detroit...and I could've seen you live....oh well. It wasn't meant to be I guess. Maybe some other time. 
Beautiful not shit weather! So happy to see it. No MoD practice today  So instead cleaning and relaxation. Maybe driving range later...
Who wanna come to the salon with me? Maybe I just don't want to go there by myself. Oh yoy yoy. 
@kimchispice sweet!  Maybe I should do that until my fat fingers get skinny enough for my rings again.  Knuckles still swollen 
Ticked off with my car! Somehow set off the panic at the farmers market, and now it wont unlock! 
I miss my new bestie @BrittanyASnow  where o where can she be lol? Probably w/ her love intrest @ShilohFernandez hehe :p
@mcsunkett Aww maaaaaan!  .. Maybe if I Turn my phone off for a few mins it will Trigger it! .. lol ..
I'm sat here with a gun pointing at my head. Honestly, what can I do?  
@EvilChristina Damn, I just remembered that I am working for Berry tomorrow  Maybe we should hang out after work&gt;
Ich spreche nur Deutsch. Okay, I'll be thinking in German. The exam is scaring me! 
I have nothing to do. Maybe I'm gonna watch Radio:active live at Wembley. But it's not fun watch alone  Jossan, come home!
@Rina_spn Hm. Maybe I'll leave that to @TruthTweet. I already lost @Boddingtons. 
Troublesome headache won't go away. I always seem to get one during the weekends. Maybe I'm allergic to NOT working... I hope not... 
I wanted Flawless to win  Maybe the rather handsome one from Diversity swung the vote
@AnneDouglas Seems to be the story of late. 
Cavs lost... Start the heavy drinking... Maybe next year... 
Wow. Possibly the worst night ever, working with jamon and M and cavs are down 18 at the half  fail
Sad faces to the CAVS  Maybe next time but until then...
Still at the party. It's 12:30 and I'm tired. Probably leaving at 1... 
I can't believe the Cavs lost. Maybe next year 
Is sad for king James.... Maybe next yr 
Had fun in Philly!  So tired now.  Maybe I'll get some sleep or wait for a late night phone call, which I don't think I'll be getting 
@miss_hazy Maybe I'll get them to sign my plane tickets in Singapore hahaha. I love the idea. Trent is mean! The poor thing needs sleep. 
@amitseshan what's this about? Seems like u r pissed 
Is Hoping That Her Mum Is Okay And iI Really Worried   : /
Really hard to tell whether I'm allergic to dust, pollen, face-cream or make-up. Possibly more than one of those 
@epicflailer I won't be able to  Going to be out for most of the day. Maybe highlights in the evening?
Someone just told me that it's still raining. Aw, c'mon, rain, please stop! Why? Because I hate you! So stop! 
The new Lacuna Coil album is really weak.  Maybe it'll catch on me later.
@mitzs @MikeDao = good guy to ask @that - he used the XSi for a while - maybe same issue? Can u swap Cams @store? Maybe a u got bad one? 
@AARmy_soldier Yes Maybe i put him before pete,, i love them all equally,, pete is just the HOTTEST man in the universe! &amp;  bout ya ipod x
@amber_benson friend lost a child this week. Maybe too soon for me. Scene where ellie discovers she has lost child and can't have more.. 
i thought I'm supposed to be able to sleep in on the weekends?! Ariana got me up at 6:30! Maybe take the kids to see UP today, no 3D here 
@madhuwati oh crap   that too to a 23rd ranker. Maybe he has become too confident or that the Soderling was too good
It's Transformers week at church! But I have to call my cousin back after church about my uncle... Probably not good news 
Sorry for the downtime. We're talking to the support at @rackspace right now to see what's going on. Hopefully we'll be back up soon 
Sorry for the downtime. We're talking to the support at @rackspace right now to see what's going on. Hopefully we'll be back up soon 
sigh...went to check my email excitedly thinking MAYBE there was an email choosing me for a Cali show for Lets Get This Foundation. Nope 
Sorry for the downtime. We're talking to the support at @rackspace right now to see what's going on. Hopefully we'll be back up soon 
@ZanMac Awww  Maybe I'll invent a bunch of spam accounts instead for you to reject!
@BrianaJayy Whatever. Youre just a hater. 
Traffic jam!!!!! Maybe I won't be home by 8  haha
@twheresweevil Pine is the only reason why I want to watch it. Maybe I'll find a stream somewhere. 
@bbrathwaite Probably most of the undeveloped concepts I have lying around 
@Dominicanfinest Yeah i am bored, Maybe i need to come to Miami but im scared they show to many first 48 episodes there 
@LornaRamsey Ah, I'd totally forgotten about that. Probably not gonna be able to go, been a bit ill, need to get better before exams! lol 
@rubi_imogen His name is 'Danger' and he does this song called 11h30... it's so good!! Maybe you can inform me? Haven't seen you in ages 
Looking for my Mommy  Maybe she's up stairs on her computer??
@aubreyanne Boooo  Hopefully it was just the window!
@sierrave http://twitpic.com/6dj21 - DisneyWorld?  If so, you're so lucky.  I go every once in a blue moon, and can never get in.  
@blacksuitno_1 Shame.  Still wish I could come back - but I've already planned a shit-ton of other stuff this summer. Maybe next year.
@mOnsietOnsie Probably because I told to them to hold my app process til Bodie was well again   Thats what I get, right?! geesh!
@BellasGuardian Yeah I know  Sorry Paramore. It's okay. Only thing that woulda made it better is if she had worn OUR shoes. Still rocked!
Thanks people for the good luck messages! Feel slightly sick, like my stomach is turning over  Maybe tea will help . . . T - 2 hrs!
@THEREALJMAC lmbooo! Heck yeah..smh..I hate that 
Just bought a weekly season ticket that requires me to use my 14 year old photocard. Frankly the picture bears no resemblence now 
Trying to clear the Tivo, so Oscar won't be mad at me anymore.    Maybe the Dodger game will record tomorrow.
@charltonbrooker &quot;Sure, nations would routinely bitch about each other in secret&quot; - seriously? I thought you were better than this. 
@UnIqUeLoVe143 Imagine how I feel supporting the knicks! Oh dam did I say that out loud?! Those poor sorry knicks. 
Everything hurts right now.. Esp my hip bone?? Maybe from sleeping on it weird.. But the pain is enough that I can't get back to sleep.. 
@FaketragedyCom Ouch that sounds awful! Maybe you blew too hard or your cold stuffed up your sinuses 
 Me and @mightymarlz didn't manage to get the #Sims3 pre-order cards. Maybe we'll be able to get the Collector's Edition tomorrow anyway.
My phone is ringing.... It's like hell.   Maybe, She sent me some text messages AGAIN.
@yogarobin yeah, first time that has happened. Sure, if it was an exceptional pillow, but wasn't.  Just miss the pillow case 
@TIBlockhead Sure, there's plenty of room, I am going alone 
Smeltering on the way home as bus doesn't have air-con or windows! Surely this has to be illegal, its child cruelity 
@NaomiMB Suppose I'd better go then, was hoping for a way out today  How you been? Long time no speak
@alyde04 Wish I had a beach to lay out on  Maybe i should take a trip to FLA so I can do so..... Humm.. What you think?
@glassboxguy Ouch! Im sorry   Micromanaging = not a fun work environment. Maybe another big issue will come up and you will save the day..
Lots of questions about the yard and stuff. He's already pretty tired today. Seems out of it still. 
@mat_tew maybe somewhere not as far? Cuz I can only do 2 nights.  Santa Cruz?? Or...
My server is down so no pics are showing in my eBay store. Again!  Maybe it's time for a glass of wine. ;)
@Tmojol Honestly, yes :/ I hate seeing him like that. He hates me seeing him like that too 
I am still sick. Ugh. But it is inevitable for me to do my homework. Unfortunately.  But! To brighten up my day, I am listening to
@LoveAllCureAll Hell yeah.Esp this year the big 3-0  They were no names cant even remember their names.Maybe known,but still funny
@verastweets You are overdue! Yes, I do think it takes straight hair though  Or very fine wavy hair (that can be straightened)
No MTV awards show 4 me this yr  I'm still abroad!  Maybe I'll do BET....(crickets)....maybe not...
@HannahRobertson  Don't be depressed! Maybe you need some cake?
*HATES* the loud trains!!! I can't hear Maybe Baby with the window open and I bake with the window shut 
@caffeinesparks @LaTtEX @cocoy What can the world do to stop NoKor? Seems like a tantrum that went way out of hand 
@JennVerhoeven I know!  I'm sad! I want to be in Waco too! Maybe I can come visit sometime  hinthint hehe
@marirene74 Nooooooo! I failed and also lied on the wiki (I completed my task)!!!  Maybe with balloons we'd have brought in $800.  
Uh oh. Getting that old shin-splint feeling in my legs. Maybe need to lighten up on lunchtime running for a bit. 
@NEUBOX Then it's just me  Maybe it's my fault, Internet knows me as Spamchez
Damn I can't sleep  Maybe it's the fact I keep watching @charlieskies vids.Too cool for school man!
I've got to wean myself off of sugar   Maybe I'll try Atkins to get it outta my system.  I'm gonna start gaining some serious lbs soon!
&lt;--- is sad he lost his soccer semi tonight. Maybe tomorrow or Thurs will go better. 
1st class I am giving on Wed. in @metaplace is full.  Maybe I will repeat it later because I feel bad leaving people out.  
I just can't explain the amount of feelings I'm having. Honestly, I don't know what's wrong. The feeling-a-song theory is not true. 
I can't get the @youngQ chat password to work  Oh well, Maybe next time
@Supthsis Personally I would say bad  sry
@itsjordanbitch The Academy Is is coming in August again, but Cobra-less. Maybe they won't come this year! 
@Herne2 Err... Maybe the hospital canteen don't do cakes and doughnuts 
@Miss_Melbourne What an a-hole! Maybe he knows u like food   Did you get down his license plate?
T=Yawn, like @CasioKayleigh I also want more sleep.  Urghhhh. Suppose better get going.
Gee. It stopped raining and now it feels hot. What a strange weather! Wooosh. Probably due to global warming? 
Interview today for a job I can't be given. Maybe time to switch professions.   Anybody need life insurance?
My foot hurts   Maybe I  shouldn't have let that CWT box fall on it in 2002
Seems to have lost her profile pic 
@KirstynSmith Pffft, should be fine. Maybe you'll end up on first name terms and I'll be stuck on Prof forever 
@shaundiviney yes and no. U18's might miss out  not fair. Haha. Or have i just got the wrong idea?
@Jonas_Dreamgirl yeah... that is just wrong. But...iunno. Maybe we didn't vote enough -doubtful- I mean...GAH. we always vote 
@TiffanyWI Doh...  Maybe the BlackBerry gods will see your trouble and send forth help..
Insomnia. I get NO sleep. Maybe it's because I need you here... 
Awe....923,400   Maybe next time.
Missin all these live things...dont really care right now. Maybe i'll be in a better mood later 
@AdamParnell I screamed watching the trailer. Sure I'll be screaming there 
@trishapearson all business today and prob tomorrow   Someday I'll break free of the grind.
@yarnpr0n I'm sorry I didn't make it, Mer. Hopefully next week... 
Is feeling sick in my condo in Miami... Maybe it's from all the rain 
Ohmygoodness! the things I would do right now for some Coldstone. Or qdoba. Or chipotle. Or a vacation..gosh 
@Tigressreow a few links here and there, doubt it's enough to meet MO though...  Maybe one day, u never know. One can certainly hope...
@moonfrye Sorry! Maybe I should expand on my answer. I was an instructor @ community college and it was all about money not education. 
@wheresMars LOL . . . Him noe call me either  Maybe he don't love us anymore!!!
@JeremyDempster Same here. Hopefully they'll give him his original channel back someday, he had a lot more than just chart previews there 
@banditlol Yeah but late August  If you got the time and or money go when I'm in Vegas buddy
@LouisTrapani Somewhere in this thread: http://twurl.nl/jpqizy NEVERMIND, this is a crazy old thread  false alarm
@sethpiper I can't get the link to work  Seems to be a bit problematic having a web address that starts with a -
interview today... but I'm still sick   Hopefully I'll be well enough for my other interview tomorrow. Ack.
Both boys were still sleeping when it was time for me to go to work. Sure, it's nice, but I kind of miss the 5:30 bonding time... 
@Chernobyl Hey dude, unfortunately the legacy of Chernobyl will be remembered by a long...long time !! Sadly ! 
Why must people in this fandom be so mean to eachother?  Or people who think different as them? Why can't we all just respect? *sniffs*
@TRIFORCE89 Considering it's an early prototype, I don't care.  Honestly I like that more than the MotionPlus controller extender, haha.
@bicyclesarefun I know    ...but the kids will like Smithsonian.  ...and I like the kids.  Maybe next week!
Field trip is now moved to humane society cuz of the rain. Maybe Boone will be there  &lt;3 miss ya chump
Checking out the 2,360 posts which I liked in Tumblr. Maybe this will help me fall asleep, I hope and I wish. I hate nights, so lonely. 
@samozzy so I can have a petition on the site. Seems good plugin but won't install 
@antonioj Yeah, I know... Maybe I'll look into it when I have the time, but atm I'm way too busy with other things 
@Melissa1013 yessss for sure I need to come!!! Maybe the weekend of the 20th.... Yep I'm still here in tramp 
Slow day today: All apps launch as if they were PPC  Maybe it's those 110 Volts?
Swear just saw mirage of my Navigator by my old building in my old hood. Maybe I'm just missin my old life. 
Swear just saw mirage of my Navigator by my old building in my old hood. Maybe I'm just missin my old life. 
@SaraW2012 I am happy that the Espanol is wisdom in my name. Perhaps I have not given them due credit. Rowdy and us make most miss upon u 
Happy/sad. Maybe it's the weather or maybe it's just everything that is going on.  What a mess.
Stupid profile photo still isn't working properly... any ideas? Maybe I'm just tweet deficient 
Not very good at proofreading Clinical Anatomy abstracts   Maybe I should have taken that medical terminology course???
I get an F in the Remembering to Tweet course. Maybe an F-. 
@jeromebaker3rd Sure do....I like to save others from the unGodly. Noone saved me 
@SexyEdwin Sure I will Edwin lol...btw you were in my dream last night.don't worry, no sexy time! haha, but u were making fun of me in it 
Going shopping for the party tonight,and some lame cleaning... Maybe a movie tonight with Nate... Haven't seen him all week 
ARG! Sad my 75 mile bike ride will have to wait  Maybe next weekend....
@HOOPSLasVegas1 *sigh* Maybe i shud go get sum ice cream n stay home n watch a movie by myself! TGIF my ass!  LOL
@arplynn I agree  Seems people really care more about their pocket right now then their pocket in 6 months time.
Not sure if we r still going 2 the Cheesecake Factory.  Maybe 2 many people going and long wait. Who knows, but it will be fun anywhere!
Such a gloomy day today...  ...Maybe some Mariachi will lighten me up. That, or tequila.
just updated to !kde 4.2.90. Seems much the same as the earlier beta. Unfortunately krunner still seems to crash frequently 
If my responses are delayed to anyone, it's because I am lagging some kinda bad  Sorry! Maybe the twitter shut down later is needed?
Why do i always find the wrong soul mate?.. Hmm If they are wrong.. they were not my soulmate 
I should have bit my tounge. Probably took a turn down regret ave.  I thought I was doing the right thing.  It seems I was mistaken. 
@inkfreeak Hopefully the weather is nice. Maybe check out the beach. I'm out in LA. It's been foggy lately 
@ElliottWilson Has anyone else had trouble getting to rapradar today? It don't be working for me.  Maybe its just me 
Diamondback single rider line is closed.    but im on my 5th round on Diamondback.  Maybe i can squeeze two more?
Ew i'm congested and just realized i can't taste food  =/ i feel sick and want to go home    i'm off early. Usually i'd stay but not t ...
Sitting at home, don't feel as bad. Maybe the tylenol kicked in! BUT it still hurts to talk 
When did Zak Baggins in #ghostadventures turn all emo looking? I thought he was hot! Maybe I was dreaming or something last season. 
I'll watch it now!! Forgive my tweets. I have been drinking. Luckily I can still find the backspave key. hmm sometimes  #lost #wftb #s1e10
I'll watch it now!! Forgive my tweets. I have been drinking. Luckily I can still find the backspave key. hmm sometimes  #lost #wftb #s1e11
Ahh, this sucks, I think I'm sick!  Probably breaking the law again soon.
@LJsBaby I have no clue hun  I wanted to go to the zoo!  Maybe now it's pub,shopping, need to go food shopping too YAAAAAAAAAWN!! You?
@ulishoes Hmm, me neither  Maybe it requires blonder hair ??
@cazduck Sorry. It's very odd, I know. Did you get anything? Still feeling very blah &amp; in pain when I move my head or arm too. Not ideal. 
@amyjackson10 Oh no  Maybe the gym will give you something to look forward to
Heck with buying dog toys. Stuff an old sock and throw it at 'em! Except now E wants to play and I'm way too pooped. 
@troynt video came out black, with your voice. Probably don't have the right codecs 
@EmmaDavisTri Probably true, but unfortunately for me I am not doing that weird stuff anymore 
And we have all kinds of alcohol, but sorry Lindsay, we have no drugs!!  Maybe next time!!!
I can't seem to find the original tif files for some of my work. Maybe they are on my old comp.  Ah well. Would be worse for real artwork.
So much for using my curve. Somehow the internet and email are gone from the phone. Verzion is having trouble getting it back 
@salandpepper Hmm. If I ever get married I don't want to have to hide things! It would just about kill me I think 
@envirogirl @beachaholic Hey chickees - decided to not do Atlanta today - weather sucks + tons of homework.   Maybe next weekend...
@cheesivore   Maybe you two can go out alone when you're up here. Um, mine was nice last weekend for a change. Does that help?
No one will speak to me on this  Seems useless bothering to update it.
Ran for synod (church govt.) council, but lost   Maybe next time
Thanks @GeneralProfound @Azleen I've never seen JAG. Maybe i should watch it. Although... I've never watched Lost either.    
@TravelingAnna Aww, sorry to hear that  Maybe getting some Sun would help?
Sick as a mofo  Maybe if I go out I'll feel better? Or maybe a Pens win tonight will make me feel better? 
Bah, one of the new tattoos getting infected after switching to Lubriderm.  Hopefully a little neosporin for the infection won't hurt it 
Neflix commercial on TV just reminded me I have a video from FamilyVideo that's a week &amp; half late. Fukdge! Probably owe 10 bucks. 
Just realized I have a backlog of small things to do. Maybe I should get started. :/ Traveling has made me ridiculously lazy.  *sigh*
@LittleMissRuby Seems, like the rain is going to blanket the whole country  and here was me thinking the summer had arrived lol
@JohnNoonan Maybe the Portal 2 is a lie... 
Heck, just lost my live feed.    Where to watch #belmont online anyone?
freakin rain ruined our beach trip.  Shoulda known.   Hopefully weather will improve for next planned outing!
Home from work... Was missing my maddie bug   Now off to put clothes away and make our bed!!! Maybe sleep in it tonight!!!
@lauralollipop Oh noez!  Hopefully you can still participate in any planning you wanted to!
watching &quot;Shrooms&quot;. Seems stupid 
@frogbot ..if your chicken, say your chicken.  &quot;We're Chicken!&quot;  183 miles is a long trip to hunt and get a possible       Maybe, soon...
Hmmm.. Twitterberry causes Blackberry to crash when I try to d/l updates. Maybe I need to cut some of my news sources.  
@Sophhs Oh gosh, I am sorry to read about that  Hopefully everything will be sorted for you soon
Pink bridesmaid dress http://www.flickr.com/photos/nirak/3602207406/ I doubt @melissaholt will let me wear chucks, tho.  Maybe @ reception
@PhilaPhanatic Sure is... what's he at, 6 blown saves?  
What the hell happened to the #Pens tonight. Probably their worst game of the season. 
@alisonkent It's not just yours. Seems to be a twitpic problem. 
@CiaraRenee 4a... Hopefully a little earlier.. Knowing my luck.. I doubt it 
Disappointed: Just cut open my first bombay mango in years... outside looked great, inside brown and smelly. Trashed  Maybe 2012. 
@ProphetTheBaker You know how I roll; cynical all the way. Maybe that's why Pixar doesn't want me as an intern 
@ToddBrunson Somewhere out there is the sound of crickets, chirping in the night. 
Maui has been MIA for 72 hrs  Maybe this time she really did run away... I hope she comes home soon.
@StDAY Nooo  Clearly I just haven't lived.
@All_Habs  I wouldn't if I were you! Maybe treat it more as a nice surprise if I do make it. The $12 in my account's not going to cut it!
#dippindots ..... now I am craving a nice bowl of dippin dots! Maybe a chocolate strawberry? Oh wait - it's after midnight 
@MichaelinMI Probably would have a hard time selling your house even if you wanted to in this climate 
Missing my grandbabies. Seems like there is never time anymore to see them. 
I SHALL RETURN! Maybe. 
The beach is calling my name. No beach for me, though. At least, not until Christmas. Maybe longer 
My right eye is twitching. Damn stress   Maybe it's time for some cool spectacles.
Listening to  scary stories... Don't know why. Probably will have nightmares now... 
Its bed time but can't sleep. Probably bc I'm by myself 
@deandri ...without much success, I might add. Seems we may not have any studs  Something else that is missing from my life!
@BambiEllis I wish they would how long has it been since they come down here last? Who knows!! Maybe the fanbase isn't big enough  Damn!
Somehow I caught a cold yesterday and now I have to get up early to go play at the Shed. Hopefully no one else from Oh Snap picked it up 
Jesus. Still awake. Maybe have a smoke then sleep time. 
@toomuchracing yeah I'm not quite sure what happened! Mainly cus I listening to Leggard.... 
 might not be able to go to Cali. Maybe Canada? Or sham I bribe my mom to go to London!!!??? xD
 might not be able to go to Cali. Maybe Canada? Or shall I bribe my mom to go to London!!!??? xD
Up WAY too early!  Couldn't sleep.  Either could Jules. 
Due to water/ sewage issues, did not get ready in time for Mass. Maybe next week. 
@carrieaway nope  it hasnt. I tried posting it many times..but, oh well. Maybe it doesnt like me..hahha. JK
@roceidcal Fly to Barca? Perhaps. I've a job interview next week, but since its part time and since I've not gotten a job yet... dunno? 
@anambanana NOOOOOOOOO.  Maybe she meant Frankie. HAHAHAH.
@AnnaAntell Maybe it's getting all the rain out the way before string orchestra weekend in Oxford!!! I need a nap but kids running round 
No beach volleyball for me  Maybe a Lord of the Rings marathon or french films all day instead - that's a good compromise
Uhmm Flower did u get it in ?? If u did ur hella lucky 
@SarahxFrancis Poltergeist? Actually I have no idea. I googled it cause I wanted to have cool points. 
@threestatesofbe that is to be determined. Just something I had to do.  Maybe this time, I can spend a full weekend in Houston, haha
Where's the world that doesn't care? Maybe I could meet you there. I miss Busted. 
@CandyKID Bad times  Argh.. If only Gordon Brown wasn't so uncharismatic
Wow. Okay. So I'm blonde! Yay! No pics though.  Due to the no of the phone. You'll just have to wait 2 weeks. Maybe...oh and another thing
@Sengupta Maybe that explains it. Our syllabus for most stuff (esp. CS) is shit here 
I'm tired! Zzzzzz I can feel myself dosing off! lol! Its too early for me to go to bed!  Otherwise i'll be up at like 4!
is looking for a guild name.  Suggestions appreciated. Preferably one word, 'Ascension' and 'Genesis' are favourites but taken 
@Robi_from_Italy Maybe next sunday I'll go too... As I said, this morning I didn't fell very well  but I'm ready for next week! 
@Forehead119 does that make me a Muppet too?  at least geese fly. And in pairs. Maybe it was the light made them look on fire?
I accidently got to 100% love lvl with Klaus. Maybe I can get him to be my partner since Luciano left 
Meh.. canceling all plans tonight. Still in recovery mode after last night. Sure did have fun though. Sorry to everyone I'm canceling on 
 I need a new Ipod!! This freaking thing won't Sync anymore!!! Anywho......Hoping the Magics make a run for the W!!!
@kyleastadig omg! That sounds horrible.  I hope you feel better soon! Jeeze...did you look up the symptoms online?? Maybe that will help.
Nada  Maybe I'll have better luck if @saucewear comes next time! Haha
They have to squeeze in all this stuff right at the end  Maybe they'll let it run over a bit? #Tonys
Sorry magic fans. Maybe nxt game.  or not hahaha
@Jasonlarson123 Maybe he is busy filming his new commercial lol!!! Well you lucky I don't have no Papa's near me 
TITANIC AHHHHHH almost over though. Perhaps I won't watch it 
@batusi_a_gogo I can't get photo txt!  thanks for thinking of me tho! Maybe I'll try to find it online...
@mp3mad  We did.  Young one had to go to bed with the tooth still attached however.    Maybe tomorrow she will catch the tooth fairy?
1 more follower and i'll have 50 followers!! Tho none of my followers talk to me. Maybe because out of 49 i only know 3 
Was left hangin' yesterday  whats up wit dat. Maybe it is me....? Anyway Happy Birthday Aaron.
Just had a 30 min standoff in my bathroom w/a spider. He won. Somehow I lost him &amp; now my apartment smells like raid. Kind of a lose/lose 
@sleepydumpling Wish I could join you guys for lunch.  I work in Banyo. Maybe some other time when I get my car back?
AAAAAAAAAh. I have to go to bed. I have school tomorrow.  Maybe I shouldn't do it??? Naw. I'll have a lot of fun.
@IrvTheSwirv Probably not 
is up, has been up all night, suffering from Insomnia...Hopefully I can be productive today with no sleep. 
@yami507 LOL  poor Illi - wait is she been booed up? That's why we ain't seen her? Or just busy?
Somehow tore the frenulum of my tongue over the weekend!?! Sore, hurts when I stick my tongue out  
@Protean1 Agreed. I've never seen them live, though.  Maybe I'll get my chance soon.
Remember that yummmmmy sausage mom used to make? Somehow, turkey sausage just doesn't taste the same... 
@SolEol yes, i've compared against SD, and it's really faster. Maybe it's Snow Leopard fault, i don't know 
Headache  ...the puppy is at daycare.. The laundry can wait.. Maybe if I close my eyes for a bit this headache will go away!!!
Jury duty today   Maybe I can play the insanity card...
taking baby C to the doctor 4 well check.  Sure 2 b shots involved 
What the Heck i dont deserve this crap 
And I just busted my forehead open on the heating vent. Owww  Maybe ill walk to Walgreens and nurse myself back together with a clark  ...
Just took Nookie off to the airport. Sure gunna miss her and the baby.  
Nope.  Not discharged, yet.  Maybe next week.  
Thunder and lightening! Seems like the sunny days are over.....for now at least. 
@mommystory Bummer - I just read your post and hoped she was doing okay there.  Maybe tomorrow will be better.
Stopped by @WildflowerBread earlier this morning to get pastries, #coffee but no bread  Maybe next time.
@jseifer recording in the shower sounds great. Maybe the next door will be amplified too  Remember to turn shower off
@ThisIsRobThomas I'm so sad, I didn't win tix to see u in Chicago tomorrow  Maybe next time. Have fun in Chi-town, and safe travels!
Just got back from salsa. My ankle is sore. Maybe no dancing tomorrow 
@mk1988 82f eek I want pweese. Heck I'd even take @SarahHach's 60f. 52f &amp; peeing down with rain here  An awesome 99f where I wanna be :-/
@Becks_Beer On that note I swallowed a fly when out drinking earlier. Maybe if I was drinking Becks it wouldn't have been an issue 
@sarah_marina Maybe you're just really tired &amp; need to rest. Or, it could be...*whispers* swine flu. It's in NYC.  &amp; it's in the max. 
@caradae Ohh, that's weird o_O Hopefully the new version works! FOr some reason, it wont minimize to the tray though 
Note to Mr Balsillie... Looks like the Hamilton Coyotes is not going to happen.  Sorry.  Maybe the Hamilton Predators or Blue Jackets?
@GrumpyYetAmusin DC was nice today! It was 26.68 C! It is supposed to get even hotter later in the week  Maybe a Xena outfit would b cool?
@Get_confident I'm sorry. I have no clue.  I only know at all of this because of @littleradge. Um. Maybe talk to him.
To these dudes to make them act like this.. Honestly its starting to scare me a little 
Okay, like another another day.. Still watching dvd's at home. Its a really really boring day. Somebody please come to my houseeeeee 
@Only_Leah Text: Sorry I left without saying goodbye.  Maybe I have patrol tonight. Maybe I'll see you tomorrow. :*
So like either I'm really stupid or my playstation doesn't work.. Either way I'm officially sad.. Cuz I can't play my game. 
@catrienmaxwell Oh! Maybe you were talking about the campfire thing...I feel stupid 
La. Trying to go back to sleep. Maybe I won't be able to now.. because my excitement is kicking in or the SPAREBED is uncomfortable. 
@xshallsx sounds like a long story.  too bad. Maybe I'll just see you next year too. I'd rather spend my $1,500 in Hawaii!
@victim12 I got two Engineerings from Frosted Flakes before  bad batch this time! Maybe I should switch to mini wheats. I need command!
Going to bed WAY too late! Hopefully I won't have to cry myself to sleep tonight 
Arg, I can't sleep  I have Much Better stuck in my head. Maybe thats a sign I shouldn't listen to the album before I go to sleep.
Uh. Sometimes I wish I could live in the past. 
I can't sleep. Ever. I'm going to go to a doctor. . . Maybe. I would take sleeping pills, but I don't take any pills, ever. I want sleep. 
@BananasMel  hello Mel.Maybe the helicopter was there to fight moths?joking! I needed to fight against mosquitos     have a great day 
@Izzie1980 work stuff. Somehow something got sent by snail mail instead of courier and now it is missing 
@nicktelford Nope, sorry  Can't offer anything officially - only news of films and deals etc... Maybe one day if it's a success!
@JoshFittell Actually I'd probably just laugh at you, as I am doing right now. It's a shame you're in the land of oz 
We can't seem to find a cheap hotel in Pigeon Forge.  Maybe we won't get to go vacationing!  NOOOO!
       Orlando Lost  The Series. Oh Well, Maybe Phoenix, Or Boston, Or Cleveland (The Teams I Like) Will Make It Next Year!
@Mareeclo   Hoping to make a trip to Mtl sometime this year...never been.  Maybe then?!
@Lactofree Nope, not tried the cheese yet, no where near me sells it it seems  Maybe the big Sainsbury's does but I can't get there...
@TwoPeasandPod Hubs is gone for the week &amp; kiddo is home.  No gym for me.  Maybe I'll run while he rides bike? The cement kills my knees 
I am awake... and seeing the GRAY clouds...     Hopefully in vegas it won't be raining.  oh no wait.... 90 and sunny 
@NathalieCaron I wish I could have helped   Maybe talk to your Curves people or your doctor?
am I meant to follow up? Surely I'm wasting the employers time if I'm doing that? I'm clueless 
Just woke up. ..No XBL today  Me sad. Maybe I'll finish all of NightWorld then
@TheFamulus Possibly. I meant between the repeated pregnancies and dying in childbirth. Several times, in fact. But only one orgy. 
Don't want to go to work.. Maybe I should just quit... 
Morning world. Accio breakfast. (Points pencil) Damn. It didn't work.  Maybe my flick is off....
@Hockeyskates I think I joined too late for today's deal.  Perhaps next time... @Formspring and @blastmediapr could have a @yats tweetup!
@naomimimi Ok, so I didn't sew anything. Maybe my efforts aren't to be commended. 
Ugh, I've been stuck on the same bit of code forever now. Somewhere there's a loop occuring and I can't find it. 
@hellwithglitter That is terribly unfortunate  Maybe I'll just make PK get their passports to play a special show across the pond for you!
@g33kgurrl What a shame....  Maybe you should make some new one... Everyone's gotta have their Youtube moment...
@StJoan I want to try Starbucks coffee  Maybe then I'll like it. But I forgot to go to one in Barcelona, and here is only one far away. 
@wordybirdee Negative on the good day? That sux  Maybe it'll get better sweetum's . I'm doing good today, just a little tired.
@KatieSolares  Dang! Well yeah, you can always wait a little. Maybe she'll warm up to the idea when you're older.
Dreaming about kbbq and Hite.  So much for my diet.. can someone go w/ me tonight? Err.. Wait.. Maybe I shouldn't 
@angelcastaneda Guess not  Maybe they're just killing time until Modern Warfare 2 drops.
@jen_n_em The link sends me to my Fb home page.  Maybe because I walled off my account? perhaps I should reopen. It's quiet over there.
Somehow I knew Coke Zero was too good to be true  http://bit.ly/19qzZI
@boomshakkalakka haven't had any time to recon yet. Heck not sure I will finish this weeks episode by wknd 
Is sick of all the rain!   Trying to figure out what to work on next!  Maybe cupcakes, strawberries or mushroom play food.  Hmmm...
sleepy. . . . Hungry . . . . Maybe thirsty. . . . But sleepy. . . . Ok maybe bored. . . . No, just sleepy . . . 
Oh and Brad Roudebush is officially a nerd. Maybe I am just jelous because he is following my Dad, but not me 
@JeepNaked Tonight is our last night in StL.  Probably not gonna be able to make it out 
@tigerlilly535 I don't see his name listed anymore  Maybe he went to Jorge's thread lol
Fuck work!  i am supposedto be sleeping right now, but two people called in and i have the on call pager. Maybe i can nap here??? b(0.o)d
@alisaloki girl, I don't know when I will be up there. Maybe sometime before school starts.  Darn . Can't we stay 29 forever... lol
Delivery date has disappeared. Maybe it is going to hang out in Alaska for a while 
@Miraz Seems governments' sites are often the last to join the new century in standards-compliant practices 
No 1 1/4lb MEGA burgers tonight. Maybe, no baseball 
@Oh_Yeah_Big_J Its a MacBook Pro.. There's nothing wrong with the machine it's my parents insanely slow Internet! Seriously like dialup! 
@Pogue Something's lacking without your questions every day  Maybe you should start research for the second book now ;)
I think the dustbunnies 8 my friend.    Either that or the paint monster got her!  Aerosmith setlist party is on.....I am so there!
Hmmm... Body english tonight? Maybe... Most likely... Definately....  -fuck the lakers. I'm still hurt 
@gerryc Watch out 4 weather here in FL.It has turn very bad, Thunderstorms all around. Maybe u'll get them in Miami the morning  keep dry
So many Fantasy Factory tweets today. And none of them from me  Maybe I'll have some tomorrow!?! We'll see!!!
@rohloffc I know  I actually live in Lewisville. I will def try to make out sometime. Maybe we can all hit up Jakes.
@geekish No fair. D: Seriously... Golden Slumbers...it makes me cry. 
@Natty__M omg noooo I hope not!!! Maybe its just something little bc mines awful I can't even drive.  I'll call ya tom. &lt;33
@theo_keyz mmhmmm nigga. Sure u will.. Im forcin this sald down 
Feeling terrible 4 the country that gave birth to me. Sure I was tortured every single day for 13 yrs just 'cause I'm a Catholic, but... 
WTF! MCD workers cleaning the drains and leaving the shit on the roads. Sure shot recipie for accidents 
@samclifford true that. I have a Wii too now. Maybe we can do something once life gets less busy. 
Wanted to update my iPhone 3G to 3.0, but the update is not available at iTunes yet  Maybe it's not a good idea to update it before trip
@fpugirl urgh!!!  Maybe it will be 12am PST which is another hour...fingers crossed.
@CZzyzx41 Complete documentation fail in that respect, I'm afraid!  Maybe Pants got some?
Mam just taken my brother to hospital. Fell of his bike last night, still a bit if swelling this morning. Maybe a broken collar bone. 
@aikyo87 the first step was just a brief introduction bout HNMUN and applying CV. Maybe my CV was not good enough 
@DukeStJournal ha! Wait...it hurt my soul to laugh at that. Probably true. 
Dammit... Failed my math test  Future outlook; Maybe a change of University...
Trends &amp; Patterns seems to be going well, going to do some Biochem bit later. Probably be a bit harder 
@Mellyprincess Nah hun I don't like it at all. Hopefully I can do something else afterwards...  It's about economics, logistics etc...
@DonnieWahlberg Ok- I need a hug, a twug - something DDUB!!!!!!!!!!!  Especially this morning.  Finding it hard to start my day 
it pouring &amp; baby niece's new swing set is scheduled 4 delivery 2day...gonna be a messy 1 for sure. Someday it's gonna be above 80 in IL 
@mspastrygurl ihad no idea.imso sorry!!  Honestly it's been going on so long people forget it unless it's effecting their lifes directly
@witnessamiracle Me too  Haven't bought any of it yet. Maybe next week ;)
The Ghostbusters games I ordered weren't in the mail today  Maybe tomorrow.
Hmm, seems a mix up in names has delayed me starting for another 2 weeks  ... Sometimes I just hate my luck...
Another gloomy day in Cleveland. I can at least see the tops of the building. Probably no bike ride today 
@canadian_diva Bummer. Looks like you're right. No VoiceOver for 3G.  I wonder why? Perhaps someone smart can port it to 3G.
@spellchaser  Nothing showed up for me. Maybe b/c I'm not logged in? I want to RP something fierce lately, don't know if I can anymore. 
Oh Didier  http://bit.ly/VFXEZ Probably should count himself lucky, even though he had a very very very very very very valid point
school atm consists of registration and going to pe  Seems like a waste of my precious time but it's not like a have anythin better to do 
I still think Constellation is the correct course. Maybe not in hindsight 3yrs ago, but from where we r now it is. Few seem to agree  #HSF
Bored. No bracelet making today.  Maybe swimming?
I just updated my iPhone. Seems the same 
It's cold in my office. Probably because my hair is still wet. 
@thegoodhuman You may want to hang on. Seems there's trouble afoot w iPhone activation servers... 
@imyourconcience Ohhh noo....  Maybe.... I can't give him up!
Wake up, practice, shower, church. That's what my wednesday consists of. Seems like there's no more &quot;me time&quot; anymore 
cannot see CF here in Denmark...   Maybe a link? ooos, getting late, bedtime in aarhus..zzzzzzzzzz
@JasonShand Probably not!!! 
I don't have any followers   Maybe I should take the Leadership feat... if there even is still one. Probably not. Stupid 4.0
A long work day 2 come home 2 my car hit again...Maybe 2morrow will be a better day   About 2 get ready 4 bed...Night
@ShelbyCobraaa: i waited for 22 minutes. Oh well. Maybe next time. 
I'm just saying, we all USED to agree that he sucked monkey balls, but, opinions have changed because of his recent &quot;success&quot;. Whatever. 
@markhoppus It is a pity this person in business a suit. Possibly many problems 
Was forgotten about again today   that is so sad.  Seems to be a pattern lately.  Maybe I should just leave and he wouldn't even notice
@PileOfSaulaGoo I wanna go!  Someday...
@StEpHYsWoRLd Insomnia Maybe? I know i got it major. 
@kimithebee Sorry to hear that it's still acting up!   Maybe time for a new one? www.apple.com
I am eligible to upgrade to the new iPhone @ the cheap price!!! Sure wish I had $200  The camera sold me on it- http://tinyurl.com/l73hvr
Omg wtf why am I not sleepy!!!  . Lonely... Maybe I should get those human size dolls I seen on hbo lmfao!!
AAAHHHHHH it wont take my vote    Maybe it thinks there is to many voting for GS
@nainargrl I wish I could do that   I am not to that level yet....Maybe one day.  Do you smoke a lot?
just barely had my dinner &amp; it didnt agree with my stomach. Maybe it was because I ate a huge carne asada burrito 4 lunch. My tummy hurts 
Scale still up   Restriction decent today with 674 intake &amp; burned off 444 with exercise! Maybe something will leave when I weigh thurs?
@anthonyaberry Darn, had to register by 6/15.  We have family near there too.    Maybe they will do it again next year.  Thx for sharing!
@suzieqjenny WOW. If I had known you were still there, I'd have met you there to eat with you.  Sorry! Drive carefully.
@Mhae92 Idk. Maybe he deleted his twitter 
Morning everyone! -Going to bingemans today!!! But it's raining   But it'll get better!! Hopefully :/ Talk to you later. I'm at school. &lt;3
@RebeccaBacon after taking 2hrs to upgrade still won't send picture messages  just a bit buggy at the mo. Sure I'll love it again soon.
@average_jane Sorry to hear about your sister's break in.  Hopefully her insurance will cover all the damages.
@AL3Sure o god lol  don't say tht
Heading home - the call never was.  SW work this evening. Maybe a review of SA2 from @BlakeDraco?
My mini Twix seems to have disappeared. Maybe I ate it already...I can't remember. 
Grr. I sleep on my right side and needed my left ear to hear my alarms. Nope. It's all stopped up. Might as well be deaf over there. 
U21 Soccer: Sure they play awesome good, but its soccer, Germoney always wins 
is wondering why she has twittered in such a long time. Maybe working 80 hrs/wk has something to do with that. My treehouse is not ready 
@NJrugger45 They probably have really crappy beer at the skeevy Arby's.   Maybe I will just decide to have a field trip to Philly.
@RULERDIVINE I don't think ur going to see me this summer  Maybe U should break it to Aunt B..
2nd maid canceled on me  Maybe god is trying to tell me I'm lazy or some crap.  I really can't scrub b/c of my back.  POOP
More rain! My least favorite thing  Maybe she'll feel bad and let me sleep on the big bed.
@JenHamett Heck no! I've been trying for months.. they get like a thousand frickin tweets a minute 
Heck yes got release on my knee and ankle, now basketball this weekend, sucky part is that i have to wear a brace for a year for both 
@bajansensation Hold the presses - Macbook died again. Maybe I will try an alternative to the 'genius bar' 
@yeswhatokay Oh no, I'm so sorry  Maybe she'll come around once the ceremony starts?
@paganmama Hm. Perhaps I've been out of the PETA loop too long to know what they've been up to lately. Doesn't sound too good though. 
@sharonwilbur I don't understand it either. Seems pretty destructive to me. So many of my christian friends are into it. It's crazy. 
Doesn't look like I get to go up to Mackinaw Island on vacation anymore.   Going to do something though.Maybe go 2 Detroit 4 a couple days
@HuiaBand How did your album launch go?? Any video or sound clips? Bummer I couldn't be there.  Maybe you'll come to the States soon.
Volunteering for the last time in the ACC.  Maybe I will miss Alaska.
@Sens_Suck Apparently its still in full force! 
wish she got a wristband to the MMVAs  oh well, next year? Maybe.
@HellYesJes Ew lucky! I never had a powerwheel  Whatever tho, I had the batman cave and it was huge! That's what titbelt said.
@mandyremains Oh yah, I did like the Mayan Chocolate!  Really? Maybe ours do too I only get pints haha. Those should come with spoons too
@BRSDiddy Sure does 
@DEWz_PingPong @NorCAlly UGH... don't remind me. I still can't listen to the radio like I used to.  Maybe in a couple more months 
Tough loss tonight  Maybe we can boat us a Marlin tomorrow ;)
@DavidArchie Oops sticky situation dere with d accent thang. But I understood what you were sayin'. Some hotels, the corridors are noisy 
@GreenDefender Yes.. i did Jailbreak lol. Maybe that's the reason why.  i wanted video recording and editing... *cries* Dx
@AL3Sure I dunno AV  .. I'm just sad &amp; alone. Watching the notebook lol
@AllanJYu It depends, actually. Maybe I wanted real people, real drama. I only like a few animes. Haven't finished Yakitate Japan yet. 
@bealove Seriously?! Maybe it just wasn't meant to be...  (Although I still fully support you doing whatever you have to to make it work.)
Going to bed, I'm crabby as fuck. Probably not gonna be any better tomorrow either 
@Katstevenss Maybe I should save my energy and creativity for the Wenatchee World's blog page and post something meaningful. Sorry 
@nathanrdotca Ah. Probably for the best. *hugs* Unfortunately, Creator's  started yelling for me, so I have to go. 
@MaaKain Probably not since we never talk  And idk I think so.
@ThrillbillyG Awe.   Hopefully it is not too horribly bad...I have a certain tolerance for storms, never experienced the ones out that way
@onyxparadise Oh no! They were shortlived  Maybe you can have it in one eye, and pretend that you have differently coloured eyes??
Seems like i need to go .com 
work from 8:30-whenever I give up. Probably between 12 and 3... I really need the weekend 
Hmm.. Maybe I'll have to come to the bloody exam  damn!
@suntoshine I'm sorry  Hopefully It'll get better.
@AdamBien The only thing i did not get was why the visual editor was not shown when i created the JSF page  Probably my own error ;-)
@hippydude361 but that's not my fault!  Pweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees? =P Or at least buy me one later?
Ohhhh just got a call from a lady who is 17 weeks (our cut off is 16). Always sad.  Hopefully she can get an appt in Mtl.
@JOEsus Sure bb. I need a foot massage first though. 
Casting Crowns in Popular Bluff tonight!! Maybe next time. 
@_Lyve Sure thing my friend. You still didn't answer my ? about the tattoos 
@benku Congrats! Still waiting on ATT to fix my eligibility or I'd be paying $699 for one. Hopefully they'll get it SOMETIME today. 
@Virgotex Well that sucks.  My hopes for a pony are dashed now.    Maybe I can get them to not prohibit me from collecting the pony? LOL
@icyspider Awwww.  You can still just about make out the pic. Maybe if ya reloaded and tried again? 
Ohhh thanks sunflower@LiberianChick Hopefully i can get better soon and enjoy the rest of my stay in stead of staying in bed 
#tweetdeck crashes way too much and seems to hog processor/RAM. Maybe it will run better on the 3GS 
starting to worry about Alex. No contact since wednesday even though I've called 50 times. Maybe his methhead prop. manager killed him. 
Doc said I can't go surfing for three weeks. Maybe I'll take up basket weaving or something. 
Grey-pie was sad  Maybe I should have some indifferent biscuits and a piece of the cake of disappointment to complete my evening :p
@tiniestspark Just saw you were in Sac; Perhaps next time. 
@anniemacdj Wish I'd been able 2 send u a shout on the air. Still @ work. So sad.   Maybe one day Ill b on time. Darn time difference.
@garyvee I take back everything I say  Seems you bought them out ;) http://simplebits.com/notebook/2007/05/14/corkd.html
@maniactive Maybe it's just MY Tweetdeck. It was working fine until yesterday. 
Ok this is bogus. I went as far as deinstalling and reinstalling and still these stale as tweets. Maybe its my phn. 
HGmmm people saying they added me on The FaceBook... but I dont see any request   Maybe I am doing something wrong
My wife, @Birdro just confiscated my 3G S.  Maybe I'll get to see it later on. :-P
@Mattlike They drill and file your fucking teeth?? Oh man the thought of the sounds  Do you get drugs? Maybe I can cry for painkillers
@Crooked_Spoons Really? Sounds like it would be gross. Now I wish I had some.  That sucks. Maybe you can sneak some  eventually.
suriously? Do i even have anyfriends anymore. Sure as hell doesnt feel like it.  if i do have any friends out there i really need you guys
Insommnia. I can't spell it but I'm sure I have it. Maybe it's a symptom of this flu I seem to have picked up. Urgh 
I rarely make any sense. Is it endearing at least? Like a baby gurgling nonsense with a smile plastered on its face? Maybe? No?... 
I'm not feeling good today. My tummy's been aching since yesterday. Maybe it's saying I need a better paying job. 
Gonna stay at home this weekend...Doing? Maybe I'm gonna read a book or something....I can't walk... I hurt my knee yesterday   
@ninjanikkii sweet! Id go on ichat atm, but my parents are watching a movie on the computer  no fun. Maybe later tonight.
Kind of exhausted. Probably going to bed, or at least lying in my bed soon. This not having my laptop thing is gong to get old very fast. 
No. I see i have 2.0.2..i am still receiving mapi errors. Sure would like to see who is twittering nearby 
Eek! Discovered she has a temp of 103! Maybe she was being delusional 
Bored, tired, and wishing Clay would have made it home this weekend.  No camping for us   Maybe next weekend.
Tried to change my twitter background but the system was too busy to update.   Maybe tomorrow.   
I wanna go on vacation. Maybe Italy or Philippines. Probably Philippines is the best one. I miss my &quot;kaibigans&quot; (friends) so much 
I think I should actually do some work tomorrow. Maybe even a blog update. Really, I'll want to sleep and take pictures. Alone. 
@misslilpaw Rebbeca told is you were sick  next week will be so fun!!! Maybe we can all go get pita pita after!!! Feel better!
Didn't get into Detroit/Windsor Film Fest.  Maybe the next festival!
I have to be at work in a few hours.  Didn't sleep. Having trouble.    Dam brain wont shut up.  (Maybe I so poke it with something)
Very disappointing experience at who killed carla. Maybe its not haunted... 
@Smaulren Ohh, that's a shame.  Maybe tomorrow?
@Cali_bre Noting extravagant I'm afraid, scrambled egg and toast. Hmmm what are you gonna chow down on? I'll still be hungry 
Why is everything taking so long to get done?? Seems like just when I think that I can go to bed, there's more to do..sooo tired and sore 
-@spamitis That's a sad thought . I live in LA and say &quot;Thank You&quot; to people all the time for things. Maybe you're right though.SAd. 
@bazilahali I know!  Maybe I was born with a little of self-confidence. Oh yeah, I didn't know you knew Sasha. I just knew both..
wonders if he thinks she's a stalker and that's why he doesn't answer IMs anymore.  Maybe too wrapped up in new gf/job.  Why do I care? 
@DannyDutch Slow.  Submitted many resumes but not alot of work in my field right now.  McDonalds?  Maybe 
doing a small shift at work try to get a cut and Maybe check out Roller Derbie with this chick after that who get @meLouist 
@daniellalallaa Awh  I'm going to miss you. 4 weeks without Dani?! Maybe my brain cells will grow back =D
...And then I'm like, &quot;Oh! Maybe I should exercise more! Then I could sleep.&quot; Until I remembered I DID exercise yesterday. 
@mrsikhnet   Bummer - Maybe I'll call Dharam and see what he has to say abt it. So you're not videoing for archive, either?
It's raining  Can't go to the beach. Maybe that's a good thing...I love to cuddle. For now I'm just waiting...
No response from someone yet. Maybe I just suck at life? Well..let the bad moods begin. 
@Yasotaro Sad face   Mysteries drive me insane.  Maybe one day I'll know the real truth behind the wise little money w/ glasses.
@EP31   Maybe I can scrounge up some good vids for ya.
@SarahFrantz I sleep on my back with pillow on my head. Maybe had arms on top of pillow. Staying like that must've been bad for muscles. 
is sick again  The good thing though is that my voice sounds like Berry Manilow... Maybe I should change my voicemail?
@Phlop I haven't even seen The Hangover once. Somehow all my friends saw it without me cause I was busy with summer exams 
@isoban Were you able to activate your phone? Seems they are so backed up that they tell me 48 hours before mine will work. 
Suppose I better get stuff sorted for tomorrow, then get some sleep... Getting up at 2:45 AM  Ah well, will be worth it!
@bbrannan I want to go to NFB, but I will be studying.  Maybe next year.
Heading out to cousin Veys' for Julies' going away party.  Sure will miss her.  
@psynde  Sorry. Maybe they'll behave later.
@1Ele I'm operating on no sleep  lol Maybe ill take a nap
Ok...so my vacay is slowly ending  I don't know, I may feel called to start a life church beach campus! Maybe with a surfing small group!
@Undfynd It's would've been illegal to be in an interracial relationship in the 70s though.  Maybe if I told them I was Dominican...
@DJPlaZma my pics seem to be working fine, it's my avatar that isn't showing. Maybe it doesn't think I'm pretty enough?  BOOOO!
The @sceneaesthetic announced their summer tour and I am unable to make any of the Florida dates.. bummer   Maybe next time...
Freakin' exhausted. I wish that the flower platoon was for real  Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. Who can tell?
Ok, this 1 vs 100 on xbox is way to addicting... must stop playing... Maybe after this round, or one more... 
@mickdarling dang I was going to call you at 5:30 am just to chat and sadly you won't be awake  Maybe I'll call anyways mu ha ha
@SonOfOdin Honestly... I am starting to think that some teas are a trigger as well unfortunately, which sucks 'cause I love tea. 
@AdamLRocksMe Nope, only old footage, from early June, nothing from this week.  Maybe it will be posted later...... #hifiisadouche
I wish they had Mythbusters episodes on Hulu.  Or even on discovery.com would be fine.  But they don't. 
@anchordismay Sorry I missed seeing you.  Maybe I did and didn't recognize you? Was a little scarce myself.
Akagi ep3: Maybe I should just stop watching. 
Going to the emergency room. My ear is swollen shut. Maybe this isn't what I thought it was.... 
@dftbaalli That's heart wrenching... Or was gut wrenching the right thing to say? Idk. Either way... 
I'm beginning to miss my bed.  I love you bed. Sippin on some water... Maybe powdered wine wouldn't be a bad idea...
@UryaV Probably nothing special, as it officially ended with 6 
@markroman59 Cool. Maybe see you one time. Planning to do a kitesurfing course with Edgeriders when I can find the time 
Stuffy allergy head. Maybe I should've stayed away from pool last evening 
@DiyanaRazinah Idk  It's hard to forget someone. Maybe you need to be his friend.
I was sure hoping An8thg would enjoy her trip to N/O    Seems not, sorry  &lt;hugs&gt;
@Diabeticizme Probably wouldn't be enough money in it or enough incentive for most people to want to participate 
has a bit of a hangover  Oh well, bike ride tomorrow? Maybe, if my bike's alive :S
@spinlighttony I just saw the dates. TOTALLY BUMMED. There are 3 around me but I'm in Atlanta! 
@GlitterAbuser Thank you. I'm sorry you have what seems to be a selfish douche for a man.  Maybe it will get better...
In bed with a 103 degree fever. Maybe winning #Squarespace would help. 
@tkdsoulkat Sorry to hear about your bike!  Hopefully things will be better tomorrow!
Ma-han I've had a weird day... I didn't get to go for my run tho...  Maybe I'll go tomorrow...
@SweetMojo91 Possibly? But all the hot guys have girlfriends 
FINALLY GETTING ON THE STUPID AIRCRAFT!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully we'll get to drive from Grand Forks to Oberon. Probably not though. 
@clementhyme: Sorry you didn't like it   Maybe you can at least enjoy some of the items...
Exam was ok. Suffering from very bad stomache ache. Maybe its my apendix. Oh dear     :S
At work, wishing I could just walk out and get on a plane!! Maybe Hawaii, I've never been there 
@enoxisureka @f2point4 I did my best  Honestly, you two should be ashamed; ganging up on an ill man!
@Chair I say let him play in his crib! I'm sure you've already tried that though.  Maybe he could go to bed later?
@dfizzy Oh, wow.  Maybe it's better that way?
@averygoodyear Oh no! Maybe that would explain how low you've been feeling? I'll keep my fingers crossed for you. Mine came back 16wks PP 
Jealous of all the people at #aea09  Maybe AEA will come back to atlanta (or somewhere within a 0-6 hour drive)
@clumsymouth Awe buddy.    did you get insurance on it?  Maybe it might work if it dries out.  I'm sorry.
@adamhann I lean more toward 'isolation', but I'm a LOT more center than I used to be. Seems lot of friends are more 'liberty' though 
@SuperDanny I'm sorry I'm gonna miss the MeetUp tonight. Maybe next time. 
@alexa_chung ohhh  I always find it interesting to see what you wear at Glastonbury. Maybe you should pretend and take photos.
How the Heck do you get rid of the hiccups!? I think i'm broken 
@kelanjo19 I want to come to dinner but am so broke  will have to go home straight after! Unless I make sum money sum how... Hmmm
Deflated... Maybe its jus not my time yet, happiness eludes me like celebrities elude jail time. When am I gone get off easy? Prolly neva 
@rkshipper I agree, when did they get so trashy. I thought People was the one good mag out there  Maybe Summit got to them
@eddieArmy  Tell me about it.   Maybe I can &quot;get some milk&quot; for a few hours.
@KeithFollett &lt;&lt;&lt;sigh&gt;&gt;&gt; Your patience is being sorely tested.   ...Maybe someone will invite you to an early screening?
 Plans for the Grind tomorrow have been rescheduled. Maybe next week.
Going to bed. Babysitting tomorrow. Maybe I'll try to sing again. Uhhh. Softball game killed me. We lost by one. ONE! It's all my fault 
I felt kinda bad buying it bc Viva Glam didn't carry it  but it went with there line. Maybe I'll write them!
Suns just traded shaq  Sure hope they dont git rid of amare
@pntbtrkisses And you're the most popular bunny!! Sure I'll vote for you. Could you pls try to help vote me out of pg 3???  
@etoile Because I'm nosy I went to check out your site, but Chrome is telling me it hosts malware. Maybe it's not fixed after all. 
Sleep never seems to come. Until that moment just before the alarm goes off. Maybe I'll set my alarm for 5 min from now  dumb 
@TeamMCS Yep. Exactly  Maybe one day.
@HelenGoytizolo Probably tomorrow or friday, knowing smith-libbey. ;alksdjas;lkdf 
@arfon Dang  Maybe it's a sign to get a 3GS? ;)
I just found out what I'm thinking about... Or what I think I found idk... Once again I'm lost 
Sad right now...  Maybe I do have a heart and emotions...  Nah...  
@trixtia Whew. But look at the comments in the previous site I gave you. They reserved tickets already.. Maybe because they're celebs? 
Awake at 4am  That's wut I get 4 going 2 bed at 10. I was sleepy tho.  Maybe I will get up &amp; go watch the news &amp; have sum choc milk #fb
@themelleh it does? Maybe me too, I wanna see it but it's being MEAN 
@HanSyntingRed Honestly, it's no where near as hot as it was supposed to be  How are you feeling today? X
@majornelson I posted this in the forums but got no response  Maybe you could help instead? http://bit.ly/C0Ra7
Why can't I get any work done? Such nice weather... I should be in Glastonbury right now  Maybe next year.
Why can't I get any work done? Such nice weather... I should be in Glastonbury right now  Maybe next year. ohh.. http://tinyurl.com/mukblu
@sladner clever but I think it's oDesk doing it not the market. They'll get what they pay for- low quality work. Maybe that's the point 
Car's in the shop, left my ID badge in the car, so no breakfast / lunch for me.    Maybe I can talk someone into going out for lunch.
@alkanphel I doubt so.. Seems like worsen the condition leh. 
@CHUTCHENS76 lol! Idk! It happened abt a month and a half ago. I was drunk. Was healing but I think I re-injured it 
@ashumittal Thx. Unfortunately that didn't change anything  Maybe my converter is just messed up.
@MrRooni Probably won't be able to make it, sorry. 
@x_tinaaaa - You stay at the doctor.  Gee. what is you doin. Sure CAN'T call a bih.
Ughh what am I going to do with these kids 2day?? 1's sick and the pool is heated but its kinda cold out!   Maybe we will swim.. idk
Sad day   Going to hang with my family and take Gia in her pool.  Maybe even a glass or bottle of wine
@javajive humm, the iStore had alot of similiar reqs. Maybe you should head their way 
@Jon_Favreau &quot;never worked on a sequel&quot; Maybe that's what we need to have a sequel live up to the first? Either way, can't wait! 
@BeadieJay Thanks (twice).  Work start date put back again. Maybe Thursday. Maybe after Easter.
My cuckold actually had the nerve to pass out on me, so I'll be taking calls on Niteflirt in a few.  Probably till 4am-ish  
@NiuB You bet. Maybe time to try the pizza home delivery 
Decisions - do I go see a psychobilly band or be good and see R? Probably good and R 
@Tsarnick Heck yeah! Bullets is a reeeal oldie but goodie 
@darkmagique O Yes i aM For Sure! Am sooo happy that he checked it out AgaiN... What TiMe ?..Onish?  Jaaaaaah ! Lolm !
@clairelouisef lol I try. Maybe not hard enough. lol. I'm 20, 21 at the end of the year.  Yourself?
@deathwarmedover 'Trying to find the tickets you're talking about. Probably failing, sorry' - at least they know 
@c_davies I had no idea a four slice toaster was that much larger than a 3 slice toaster.   Frankly, I need a 10 slice toaster
@theosoft What do you want to know about MODx cms? Maybe I can help you 
@Chrysanthemum Oh, no! That's got to be disappointing. Maybe Little Wicket will decide to come on &quot;his&quot; own today! 
@sineadcochrane Yeah... Maybe give very high level stuff, and then details if you get it. Something like that. Brain not working 2 well. 
77 Kids - Dress A Bird?  Maybe a fun way to engage kids with the brand, but I'd rather have a deal!    http://is.gd/rbqv
http://www.dizzler.com/music/Cake listen to Perhaps Perhaps Perhaps todays song of the day for me at least  Let me know what you think
Wow am I tired..was up talking to my bffl Daisha til 12ish..she was talking some sense into me..Maybe I'll eat some cake to wake up 
Someday I will remember how to spell grateful.  I are a math teacher 
@serialseb Nah. Only if you click &quot;Next&quot; too hastily in the installer  
@sexythinker @TomVMorris @MissIve Maybe it's all of y'all sexy twitterers! I can feel the heat myself. Wait...is it me then? 
@Brysonen Maybe because it doesn't come naturally? You could be the next Shakespeare.. 
@dennisdoomen Just pressing publish in an MVVM post in Silverlight. Maybe you can discuss it there 
Strange but wonderful. Actually very strange  ? http://blip.fm/~3xjun
@KariHultman Look at a short film of master using bowl adze at  http://bit.ly/2f3l6 &amp; watch video on left. Maybe get hints 4 new tool 
@PipBeale Soup! Or not soup. Whatever works 
Uploaded slides of my today's preso at #barcampca09 http://bit.ly/16Fk51. If you have any questions - comment there. 
@SweetLisi Maybe!  I've got a paper to work on, so maybe I'll try that while I'm awake. I'm having trouble trying to sleep still.
Earlier, I was served by a cashier named Sunshine. What an interesting name. Maybe I should call myself, 'Raindrop' or 'Rainbow'. 
For some reason I'm in a good mood today despite the fact I have to work on non-SR stuff. Maybe it's the pay at the end... 
@goodolfroggy Turn up the fan and drink lots of cold water! Maybe watch a movie set in winter? 
Seems to be sort of working.  
Dan behaved today.Maybe he knew that today is his big day so he dont want to spoil the party 
@nnicksmith have you tried contacting @TweetDeck? Maybe they can help you get it working! 
@Nataloran Cool.  Maybe you can show me around sometime? 
Now son is making *snow eggs* -- using plastic Easter eggs as snowball molds.  Maybe we can have a snow egg fight.
@Cherrim Sure  What time are we going to aim for? :O I'll probably be done with the grass in an hour or so...
@m_alice_hale Maybe next time Alice 
@missAlikona Sure, the more the merrier! 
@peterbromberg My French isn't better I guess, so I watched the German dubbed version.  Maybe there's a Engl. subtitled version out there.
@tweepl Isaw this golden root thing all over London. Maybe it's a cross-marketing idea by Durex 
@rikkitissier Sneaky, I like it! Putting this up on my wedding web site. Maybe it'll get the old fogies to update. 
@_bounce_ Heehee. Seems like there were some great minds thinking alike there 
@miraj I will have to try it out  Seems like it would leave the right hand pretty free for focusing, too.
@ijuanes More shirts?? Sure I can try, I'll have to get some assistance.  I'll see what I can work out.
@JoeDuck - Sure @mattcutts is a celebrity and has been successful to attract 20,939  followers 
@YaelinJM True, still trying to figure out how to change that and get her to follow me  Kidding! Maybe one day 
Well, no painting today. Maybe tomorrow.  Now I'm watching the Denise Richards show and I have no idea why!
Well well well. @budweiserbeers is following me. Maybe my plan is working 
Hooray - I'm fleeing a lot less colb-ified today  Maybe I will have some fun this weekend after all!
@geral64 So when did you get on?  Honestly, do you see what all the buzz is about?  I dont know if I want to be this social.  
Uh, looking at the experience present site. A flight with a MIG 29 would I do as well.  Maybe when I win a lot of money
@AndyCoulthard Seems like. But what a spectacular crash it was 
art 2: 5am; Successful nite, yet again! Lol. Welp, nite-y NITE! Maybe tomorrow &quot;[S]omeone&quot; can put dat deal in2 effect b4 I leave! Hehe. 
Part 2: 5am; Successful nite, yet again! Lol. Welp, nite-y NITE! Maybe tomorrow &quot;[S]omeone&quot; can put dat deal in2 effect b4 I leave! Hehe. 
@paulmason10538 Am i really the youngest? Surely theres someone else claiming that title 
I took really a lot 10-20 shots in Paris... Maybe too much with that lens... Oh well, I love them 
@amandaadkins What state are you thinking about getting licensed in? Maybe I can help. http://cli.gs/THjmDs Questions? Ask me! 
@stacey_leah Dunno about the weather yet.  I think so, but I will prob be working on the house.  Maybe get away to snap a few photos.  
@Pogue I remember reading this series as a wee one also. Maybe by the twitterverse's combined geeky power we can make a movie ourselves 
@KeithwAdams Thanks  Sure will! lol
@davehodg Aha. thanks  Maybe time to go out if lots of peeps indoors watching the telleh 
@NHTweetUp ~No fun planned yet. Am working on my 2nd cup of coffee. Maybe we'll go for a hike in the woods before the black flies come! 
after #barcamphanoi , I'm the crazy man who walk &gt;3km back home under sunlight.Maybe affection of crazy good IT event in Hanoi 
@CovertOp78 You will love twitter!  It is very addicting!  Maybe we can stay in touch more this way! 
by @robhampson: Well well well. @budweiserbeers is following me. Maybe my plan is working 
@tripint Sounds like a plan! Perhaps a stop over at Purple for a glass of vino? 
Or not going to the hospital.  Whatev.  Maybe AG and I will take a walk when he returns.   
wonders what his wife's up to. Probably being awesome, as per usual 
@AmandaValeriano Sure, make me one when you have time! 
Just waking up, been impossible to get some good sleep lately. Maybe it's time to head to IKEA and finally get that futon I want 
@kinthiri NOOOOOOOOO I'm out all day. Maybe I should reschedule all meetings to be held from my bedroom. Bed warm. 
@DaymondJohnFUBU Ha! Next time ppl try to tell me I'm strange for doing that I'm going to refer them to u. Maybe I'm not crazy after all 
@LBOI Havn't tried Powerpoint yet! Hopefully, I have to do tht soon considering tht I may hv to work on presentations! 
@Zwysket why would you dye the hair you cut off? Seems a bit silly 
@Sherlock0804 Rafa dropped a set? On clay?! Very surprising. Maybe he needs to ditch those polo shirts. I'm sure people miss his guns. 
Wow, this will be our third FFA to break 2000.  Maybe a couple months from now we'll actually have to start new ones. *is optimistic*
@m4s Sure of course! I would love to... maybe we can set up a timing with @radiojen this time. 
@SpongegirlCS Heh, how did you know that's why I was so happy? Hopefully I'll be happy again shortly. 
off to sunny Hinkley this morning.. Maybe should drop in on @Granumentally   lol
@gom555 hiya  I cant remember ha. Maybe I've got you on msn or something and it added you automatically? but Hi!
@jobadge @AJCann Sure no probs. Just whenever suits yourselves as I'm on campus all week now! 
@AnjaanRJ Sure Buddy 
@bergenlarsen always possible. want us to send you a reminder at 03h45? Sure I can organise that. 
@firebirdhouse Oh cool.  Maybe someday I'll make it there. 
@crazymalaysian Is it less annoying? Heh. Perhaps I will. 
The doctor prescribed eating lots of ice-cream and chocolate. Possibly the first time a doctor has ever given such a prescription 
@numist Well, it just came out. Maybe we can get it as a feature in a new release. 
@ChefVanda  Thanks Chef but so many did so much I had a hard time following after awhile. Sure appreciate the tweet tho! 
@welcomepage   at least _someone_ is making money from twitter.  Sure hope those folks in charge come up with something soon ...
@iearaic Come crash the big gay wine tasting with us here in Napa. Sure, no big gay bus, but we're local gays. 
@chriskettle I like dollars and sense! Maybe we can do a JV 
@DebsSweet Sure does 
@vickinicole are there escorts on the FatForums? Or is it mostly cam stuff? Just curious... 
@JoannaLord Pandora was rocking all day long. Maybe its tired, just like you 
By raising whatever-the-popular-medium-is cost. Therein lies prob.  DVD premiere is decidedly unglamorous. Maybe mv theaters WILL exist.
@jbuff5clock Sure! I read your mind and played it for you 
@ladybug8320 this is true  the mile stones never stop! Sure anticipation is bigger fear than the actual event 
http://twitpic.com/4e69p - Pearly whites! Or can be a new menthos ad?! 
Be back in a bit. Dishes then kitty litter. Ewww... If u go to dreamland b4 I come back, night night &amp; sweet dreams. 
I wish we could move to another country now  Maybe Mexico has good prices now?
@OfficialJonah Sure thing! it's really cool you find the time to answer, and all 
@adlyman Yeah, I know. I'm thinking bout my time...bout 11ish I oughtta b knocked out. Seems I'm finally beginning 2 tire. Maybe, sooner. 
Berbatov is actually tracking back and tackling! Maybe they have had a word with him  #mu
Matsuri is one of my fave Jap places to eat. Maybe not number one, but their tataki is a strong argument! And it helps I'm not paying 
@greengirl74 I agree. I missed you 2 weeks ago at wicked. I was on the verge of tears. Maybe I'll bring you a chicken named.. Fernando 
@Im__Kiki  Now I am going to have you craving LOL Maybe we should enable everyone else to cheat and be good ourselves 
@jenxstudios Doing great! How R U? Probably busy moving huh? 
@redlobster51 Right. Hmm. If it comes through today, is there a chance you'll buy one by monday? 
@kayden_kross Well, you never know when you will need an emergency boob job, amiright? Maybe one gets popped from partying.  Or pooped?;)
@tinapearson love her!!! Btw, everyone LOVES my new cut  It's growing on me. Maybe I'll book more work with it :-$ Thanks Tina P!!!
@WindexedRoach aww! You're eloping!  Maybe not @ the white chapel, but somewhere else! lol. jk. Have fun... Let Elvis marry u ;)
Home from work...should I sew or workout?  Maybe I'll just clean house... Wow, a nap sounds really good about now. 
@KeeganCheyenne and @ClaireLNPolley Sure! Sounds swell. Tell mr. rodgers he is more than welcome 
@AngelicaV1 http://twitpic.com/4ego1 - Raw fish? Maybe after it has been on the Barbe. 
@JustinMGatson Haiii. I love you, more than Jesus. Probably because I'm Jewish, but yeah. 
I bought a new Coach purse. Sure it's probably fake buy who cares. I have my real one already. 
@rastAsia Ahhhh... those pisco sours. Sure miss them!  http://www.twitpic.com/4fee6
Omqqq ! Drakee is ah fuckinqq Beast i lovee himm Oh'dhee &quot;sooner Than Later &amp; Little Bit &quot; is my shit !  qooodniqht Maybe-*
@sprckt Very true, Thx. I've been there before a few times. First time I saw him with mask. Maybe he was scared of us 
@absolutelytrue Not sure if I've told you, but I really enjoy your tweets! Maybe it's your avatar ~ Presentation is everything, right? 
@Coryy13 Probably on ChuckTV.net.  It's not official from NBC yet, but it's pretty certain. #savechuck
@emobrat Hopefully that will help. Dunno 1 thing gets noticed &amp; somethin else doesnt. I guess its random 
@Robviktum Haha, I will pass on that! Maybe we should invent the 1st Pittie resistant toy.. I'll keep you posted 
I wanna go there, whr u go I wanna find out what u knw Maybe sumday dwn the road Sit back nd say to myslf Yeah, I thought so.. 
@JoinTheBar There is no such thing as money for nothing... Maybe in Dire Straits song 
@LaurieDasta Yup, you really can ! It was yummmmmmmmmmmyyyyy  Maybe my best breakfast time everr ! &lt;3
Just been for a nice walk up in the hills.  Feeling nicely tired now. Maybe a snooze on the sofa is in order 
@LadyOTrout Sure, it's always a good day for you to visit us 
@adittio  May..., Maybe Yes, Maybe No
@evendia I don't know XD Maybe some fictional ship? ;) I have lots of them XDDD And I rarely do RPS 
Kinda boring weekend, gloomy out side. Maybe a trip to the movies today.  Got a new bathtub put in! Yeah! Now if we just had a sink 
@Vsthepinkrobots I am magic. Yepyep. Or maybe I'm marrying one of you Barbarians, who knows 
@JewelStaite Possibly, but we still love you. 
@carsonjdaly apply ice to mouse finger but keep making me giggle... Maybe with good ?'s like that Twitter WILL make a mass follow 
The clouds are parting... Almost ready to go for a ride to the coast and watch the waves break! Maybe home through Guerneville! 
@justfun54 srilanka? Sure! Just for kicks.. hehe. Nah - think I am cramming enough onto this week already  maybe next time!
is about to get her blog on! Methinks you will be pleased. 
@patdryburgh haha not tonight, but thank you for remembering me. Maybe next week. Besides I have to catch up on tales of Wisteria! 
@DCdebbie Don't blame me! Maybe you should figure out a good time to get together and watch it. 
Wishes it would Stop Raining in DC... &amp; is hoping to stay asleep for 7 hrs. straight for a change...Maybe a small glass of red will help 
@AdamWelker Heck no, I have played this game more times than I can count  Actually I consider it my favourite game of all time.
@x_hikari, Sure! What time? 
How the hell do you change your pic on here???? Swear im not a spazz     ????????????????? Maybe????????????????????
@ApplesnFeathers @AJPattz--Pathetic? Maybe...Hilarious? Definitely...You two make me LOL! 
@jasonmauer My friends @brampitoyo @caseorganic tell me you are on top of the Win7 thing.  Maybe we can work something out?  
Making a move. Knowing my value. Knowing my rights. Come on and join me! 
Golden Week just got a little better: Dad's frontin' a few dollars for me!  Maybe I can get some new specks and clothes 
@TaraAlberto i'll be there tom promise! After our volley  when did they start? Wholeday? Or half?
@BenPlouviez Lol - we're like polar opposites, Ben! Maybe that's why we get on so well 
@JustinBazan Maybe because you got in 4 hours ago from an awesome night? Nah, that can't be it.  
@iantalbot Gosh I've a stinky old headache. Maybe I should have lunchfast 
@soundeffect haha that's awesome!!! Would be cool in a horror movie death scene  Maybe not cool....but amusingly ironic 
@IncomeDiary Sure, its easier to login every day and make posts as an admin or mod, but ill try 
@YuraF Nope wasn't kidding at all.  Sometimes I think of you as Forest Gump (during his running years). 
@FransJr ... Lol! Probably a little sweeter in the carribbean! Tropical island sounds wonderful. 
It's Maiko's (keyboards) birthday today! He's been a good boy. Maybe he'll get presents. 
Writing up this lesson plan makes me remember how much I truly do love To Kill a Mockinbird.  Maybe it'll be a summer read.
@Isapersefone I'm not really sure bout that. Maybe  You could.. Idk, I've never bought anything from it 
Applying for part time jobs.  LMAO Hopefully someone needs some help. ~AP~
@shaznyc I drink my Corona's sans the fruit.  Perhaps I'm just lazy.  
@EileenRight Should work fine, as far as I know. *shrug*   Maybe send a tweet to @Verizon? 
Laughing for no reason...maybe its because its 2:27 and I'm tired, haha. Maybe i should go to bed  Night!
@holidayrooms Whoah, slow down, you're filling my screen! Maybe more effective if you spread tweets out? 
2,697 views on my FLickr Account.. Maybe is not much for you...  but I'm happy  ... YAY http://www.flickr.com/photos/bonassin/
@JohnLauber Someday... soon 
@sglane I agree. Seems like even non junkies would enjoy it too. But there was a lot of little stuff in there for people like us. 
@dshack yep, maybe it's time to turn off tabs until something smarter comes around. Or go back to OmniWeb! 
@HotMBC my sister Bella LOVES killing papers. Maybe she would take those off your paws 
It's 9:00 and I'm finally awake. Maybe I'm too old for Scarborough Faire.  
@garymurning Sure...am on here for a while. Give me a shout when you're done. *high five* 
@digiwombat D7ks, rather, hit the wrong key. LAWL  GET FUKT. Maybe the D2ks if you're super poor
@GoldyMom ~Yes, think of the poor Mothers who are sick &amp; in pain in a hospital today. I hopefully helped at least one! Maybe 2~   
Heck no cole  you be perfect 
@philwinkle It's most definitely arpeggiated piano lick.... Maybe banjo would fit better if we were arguing about &quot;Knights of Cydonia&quot; 
@whitneyhess thanks Whitney  I'm planning a trip up to new york over the summer. Maybe we can meet up for lunch?
@Ambere_Lynn It's still kinda broken-ish, but fixing now   Maybe done later...but I've got some editing to do for ep 9 tonight 
@PaulAgostinelli Thanks  Maybe I'll end up converting to single-speed if I have knee issues; though I don't really ride enough for that.
@theoneinpink oh, YEP, came up second on google.    Maybe it's equally as sad that I knew it was from that episode w/out reading your blog
@DoNZzZ geography? Interesting... Maybe I will one day 
@abmin Various. Mostly Supernatural  Or even on Narnia. Haha. I read some original ones as well at fictionpress.com 
@tweetbit yeah, that was his name. I couldn't remember. Probably because I barely remember being there. 
@Zombiephile Sure. But they're still pretty 
@amazondotjon Is our own JWalker taste some beer now? Maybe car or two? Or maybe twelve? Hahaha 
@DavidArchie Sure hope the commotion and the language didn't confuse you much. We Pinoys tend to get over enthusiastic. 
@RamoDeJulio You too! First song of tge day is a good one.  Maybe it's a sign. 
@patchyemoly haha obviously thats what I'm listening to. Or it WAS what I was listening to when I tweeted the lyrics 
Laptop nowadays is really quite affordable. For $2k, the specs are pretty amazing. 4gb ram, 500gb hdd, 512mb video ram. Maybe it's time. 
@XXnannaXX yeah I have no idea. xD Hopefully mines not purple. Ew. Haha 
@PFChangRichmond - Awwww yeah! Come on Briny Baird! Sure it's a billion to one chance - but I'm still hopeful. 
true gentlemen are hard to find.  Getting ready to go to work.  Suppose I should get dresses soon!  
@Slate004 Yes there must be many pics of this. Maybe video is the way to go on this. Get the who experience. 
@mayhemstudios @sethsimonds Sure! If it's made of shorts, a North Face tank top, and hikers. 
@MsNessa It's me pjewelz follow me. Maybe you'll remember me!  Braddock was whack!! lol
@Brian_Austin Or maybe you were telling me to follow you under hastag #hottie? LOL.  Late night.  Either way, I'm down.  
@MajesticFlame Sure - not sure if I would use it or not, but maybe, thanks 
blah blah blah.......it was a productive day and a damn fun night. I am really liking my SIL's new guy.  Maybe xmas won't suck this year 
@Hecta-Heck already have one of those 
@guillermolacure How sweet!  Maybe you can send some Caracas sun over though first?
@callmejors hoho okay  Excited na ko.  Sure sure  
Hi all !!! Maybe coffee ? ?!? !? - http://tr.im/lzWZ And go tweek a wireless broadband line on my roof 
@scardykat85 Sure was. 
@dnoxon Treadmill at a minimum. Probably needs to do a little heavy weight lifting since that's it's primary job description. 
@skennedybooks Hmm...  Maybe, but the end result is good, so keep moving.    Me, I'm just waiting TO move.  
Getting ready to celebrate E's princess party then on to look at MIL houses for her.  Maybe tonight I will dye my hair who knows 
@jaimiegraham ha! Whiskey tango foxtrot. Actually took me a second to realize you weren't talking about a fun drinking/dancing scene. 
@amandapalmer Disconnecting is probably a good idea. I just worry it will be harder on you than it will be on us. Either way, good luck 
http://bit.ly/uvQF9    Seems like I'm in a beer-song mood today...Though I prefer *Guinness* 
@DDubsTweetheart Nope, nothing from him yet. Maybe tomorrow. 
@johnmaeda Hi, John. Maybe you'll like these charts.    http://www.dubberly.com/concept-maps
Made it out in the seating... Maybe going to graduate today 
@BoringBoo Sure thing!  
@Jocey17 Maybe you'll grow a brain 
@emhen - You finish it? I take it it was satisfactorily wrenching?  (Someday I will watch it; I swear.)
My plans. The OG with iLL . Then her mom's to ACTUALLY swim  Maybe bbq for din. Text it if you need me.
Dance Costumes going in  $$ Hopefully...
@ColoradoFoothil Sure! Lots of money would buy MORE chocolate, lol. (on my diet I get my chocolate fix by tweeting about it 
I just rarranged my room at home and it looks like a crazy person did it.  I like the space though. Maybe it will help me study for NCLEX.
@PhillyGirl528 Wow. Seems like a long healing time. At least you ate though. 
@GusSent um hmm... Maybe we would have better luck against the Preakness again... Hmmm 
@Cre8BeautyDaily thank you! Maybe I will 
Loves cheesy drama shows that give her quotes and make her feel more normal, TV shows know about life! Sure they do! haha riiight! 
@outofthepinksky I ? your catbutt earrings! Someday when I have some $$ I'll need to get some in tortie and tuxie. 
@justdemidotcom Thanks so much you have a lovely site to! Sure 
Little Gracy dog.   Maybe I won't give her back... ;) http://twitpic.com/5eya3
@drewkolar I know! Maybe I'll just give up and turn into a full-on zombie, starting with: BRAINNNNSSSSS!!!!!! 
It's nice to be done w/ school &amp; work for a bit, but I am in need of a real vaykay. Maybe a 21st birthday present? Wishful thinking, LOL 
@joyarogers Do you get paid based on performance?  Maybe we can JV and I'll encourage people to move to OK too!  lol
@kamal shucks. just came back fr KL. Was there over the weekend. Maybe can go over n pay you guys a visit soon 
@liversedge  Blimey! If only I'd realised it was that simple! Thought about writing a (short) book? ;-)
@jonoble  Although iTunes does my head in at times, I do like having everything sync in one easy app. Maybe I'm becoming lazy?
@gerrymoth Nice! Perhaps I'll have some G&amp;B 70% dark chocolate with my coffee tomorrow morning (later). 
@arsapree but you memorized 76 characters!?  Sure, that's all you need   I've kind of given up on reading and am just focusing on speaking
@catrah Nah. Teaching should be dull, unimaginative and undermining. Otherwise how do you know you're Learning? 
@psychodad_lt ack, that would waste more time.  Maybe an Apple 
Eurovision? yes! Norway? Maybe! 
Well, the homebrew scene is genius. Maybe I find someone who could teach me how to learn C++ to help the homebrew scene. 
@wolwol Nah...Maybe you should hv this &quot;heck care&quot; attitude that I recently adopt  Locking Twitter restrains its potential,I think.
Happy birthday, @nsingman ! Maybe your birthday involve plenty of large breasts, and no interactions with filthy, stinking liberals. 
Headed into my LAST week of high school EVER. If I make it today, i'm skiping the next 2 days.  I think I can.....
Hmm think I may and try and up my gym time. Maybe 4 times a week may boost things still feeling more healthy these days 
@Savvyhamster Very! What can i say? Maybe i should apply for a job at the guardian lol great compliment from artist i really respect 
@DonnieWahlberg Hope ya feel better D. We got u 2 60K  Glad you had a good time on the cruise. Sad i mssed it. Maybe i'll catch the next 1
Two marathons in two days is great fun, but leaves one feeling DAMN hungry.  Maybe just a little trot and then a beer tonight 
Yesterday Was Badass.  Hopefully today will be the same 
@JeanneBehr LOL if I did that stuff now I'd wind up in the ER.  Or assisted living!! 
@Solstitial lol i like his acting voice. But its very entertaining. Like the almost drunk girl singing Karoke :-D Maybe thats you? 
Waitingi for the train. Oh its almost here.  now 1/2 hour ride. Maybe i'll write again.
Kind of lost but... Whatever  http://yfrog.com/0xeuaj
@TheRealJordin Hopefully u held out for a 2 for 1 Snuggie deal with the free book light 
@dansterdavid Sure, no probs.  I hope y'all enjoy there. 
Just ordered three free O2 o SIM cards. Maybe I need them sometimes 
@virginmedia I've had @bungieboy provide great help in trying to get this resolved.Seems not to be fixed yet,but hopefully that'l change 
@mikemacauley No prob! Mmmm! RAMEN! There's an awesome restaurant on my campus that makes huge bowls of fresh spicy ramen! 
Breakfast with my nephew now while my sis is at the doc, getting a little work done, and hitting the gym tonight. Maybe doughnuts too. 
@KatieMcCullough whoops! I meant to post it tomorrow not today, retracted it as soon as I noticed  Sorry. It'll be back tomorrow...
Message sending failed. Hmm, maybe it's a sign? Ohwelll.. Maybe one dayy you'll find it 
@requin Heck, wish I had some developer skills. 
@NathanWiwat don't you ask @SPOILEDBOY lor? Perhaps he wanna dance T-Skirt na. 
@sexyundiesblog LOL!  Yup cheerful and bouncy and full of the joys of spring.  Doubtless there will be tears before bedtime.  
After a 16 hour day in the studio what do we do? P90X!! Or at least 3/4 of @7eventhtimedown is tonight.    http://twitpic.com/5ogml
@Garwhy Sure, once a decade is fine. see you in 8 years... 
Man I feel way to sick moving around . I'm gonna call it a night Twit fam. Hopefully tomorrow will be better 
@mpers LACK OF ALE! Hasn't your mate heard of Belgian Trappist breweries?! Maybe he's been there and just can't remember! 
@_Flik_ Then it has to be a haunting ! Maybe they will make a true story movie about it in the future. 
@Pottermiss Surely not, a lovely lady such as yourself!!! Shock. People please #followfriday  at once!!! 
@stephenfry Gherkin? (Actually sounded like ferkin, but I guess the 'G' theme rules that out. 
@lordugg Correct. Sure you could delete the parts you didn't like 
Well, goodnight lot. Maybe i can get to sleep sooner than usual. lol. yeah, like i dont say that every night. Nighty night. 
@AJCann Sorry to hear you couldn't find the help you needed. Maybe I could help you with with any of your @Mendeley_com questions? 
Up *REALLY* early. Maybe I'll play some Red Faction Multiplayer 
@sengming Sure did! 3 shots of cherry sourz, 3 brandy+cokes, plus a lotsa rollies and tailors. I'm happy. It'll b a detox weekend 4 me! 
@Propeople Congratulation with the new Amnesty.dk site. Looking good  Maybe a short demo at #dccph this weekend?
@JennaMadison @mimojito Sure ladies, my pleasure! 
Everything's good now, though.  Angel is on TV but I haven't reached that ep yet. Maybe I'll continue where I left off until beach time.
@darraghdoyle @TheBigSwitchIRL Maybe 22, but defo not 23! ;-) The issue is Second 22/23. 2 switches+frontplate NOT 3 switches! 
@tony_brookes Cool..DICK should be entertaining at a minimum. Maybe we need some ppl who admire him to stir the pot! LOL 
@svennehaa Do you have one really?! Brilliant. Either porn or shoes or aflying horse. YEAY 
@Irina_of_Denali oooh yes, that will be fun! I can't wait to expirament! Maybe I'll try a boa constrictor or two! 
From what I hear, they're all the same..... Still looking for the exception of the rule..... Maybe in Boston? Ha! 
@MissPrecious2 Ooo P. i wish i was there I could work out w/ you! Maybe @angielala could offer us some inspiration! 
@domomachine Some, maybe. Others, not. I would like to think I'm in the later catagory. 
@imogenheap Rosin!!  Yes.  I hadn't thought of that. Maybe I need to use that every day so I won't be such a butter fingers.   Thanks.
@Gato74 Hmmm. She's a great cook. Maybe I'll just put up with the humiliation   http://twitpic.com/5osz1
@krist0ph3r Dude, chill! Maybe you need a #jaljeera  *scats*
@jensen_ackles Sure thing!  
@mmetcalfe Ok I agree, wasn't one of my best. Maybe your right  stick to be funny myself, its alot easier
@Matticus84 Probably as good as it feels for you to know that you're one of my favourite people  ...Does that make sense :s ?
@DanaMcCauley Frankly, I love em! 
@deviant76 http://tinyurl.com/pgcopz Con info. XD Maybe you already know it all but yeh. 
@puppyshine BTW, I tried your version of Starbucks this morning and it did the job. I'm inspired to play with it. Maybe raspberries?  
Okay the coffee is on. Maybe I can survive until 1 now. I'm thinking sushi for a late lunch. 
Sunscreen on the kiddies; outside. Maybe I'll get a tan. 
@DavidJGarcia Sure thing! And I hope you like them. 
Beer is mankind's greatest invention. Sure, the wheel is up there, but the wheel doesn't go as well with BBQ 
@TheGrooveGuide 'Come With'... it was on my first EP... for sale on iTunes though  Maybe it will be on an album?
@DynamicDiva42 Personally I am not into the lashes thing. I don't wear false lashes and hardly ever wear mascara. 
@MariSmith Sure, you needed your antioxidents today!!!  
Spring Awaking the music is awesome.... You should hear her sing and play the piano! Maybe I'll Try to get her to post on youtube! 
PwC reacts quite fast to tweeter post. Maybe tweeter should be an avenue for discussions 
6:31 first surfer spotted. Sea's a mess so back to bunk. Sure you wanted this info 
@trishussey @b_radley,  tweetslip. Where'd you go so fast? You just dropped the mullet line and skeedaddled. Or was I talking too much? 
@logieo Hmmm, well, I'm sure I've paid that much in out of state tuition at UW. Fortunately grad school isn't costing me a whole lot 
@Lotay Maybe it was the animals that follow us &amp; can't smile back HA . Smile &amp; the whole world smiles with you 
@ConniePowers you need to see the movie Taken! Maybe we can rent it next weekend when I come home  love youuuu
Finally got a mojito! And good music..Ya! Maybe its cuz my bday is over 
@MisterNoodle Sure, ok, uh-huh. 
@gcrecords Heck yes 
@flicka47 heck, let's just make a whole pitcher of them!  have you recovered from #weekendroadtrip? Sure was fun.
@DivadNhoj1981 Meow! Maybe that's my problem (not caring that much!). But I care for my cat's sake..his pic's real, no gimmicks, etc. 
@riccardorivera sorry I took so long to reply, my phone got disconnected ha. Yeah I want to go to NY to study at NYU. Maybe next year 
@sonamsays Probably not. I was at a different point in my life then, and I just can't feel the characters anymore. Rewrite? Maybe. 
@AlexBowman @marcvanderchijs   Agree - Maybe they're just mao bing! 
@TheMightyFoz Sure, no hurry 
@comicIDIOT Eh, I never liked Orkut... Maybe I should give it another look. 
@Little_LauraLoo I totally sure lol.They'll release pictures coming soon  Who knew,Maybe They will add to My Chemical Romance blog ^_- x
Going out soon. Maybe I can go Ikea for a while later.. I wonder if they have brownies! 
@BrisbaneGirl Probably would if I was in Brisbane, but I'm going to boogie down with The Revenge and Audun at Elsewhere instead. 
@teafaniie He does seem pretty awesome. Obviously a (Naruto) geek. Hopefully he won't kill us all with homework and shuriken. 
@emyn Haha, really? Sure, consider it on its way. 
Some people take twitter way too seriously. Maybe i dont like rude crude and disgusting tweets?? Happy friday people!!!!! 
loved Obsessed! Could totally relate to @BeyonceKnowles  Anyway, nighty night, Twits &lt;3
http://twitpic.com/666rd - What my evening will entail. Hopefully with the added bonus of hot chips an the AFL.. C'mon Carlton 
@Simply_Syra Sure did, cheers. 
@sweetkisses277 Yup. Hopefully things will shape up, and maybe get that damn top guide back . I'll be ChaChain in Afghanistan  haha
@HzNKzM: Wait, wait. Yeah. There are sweet samosas. Nevermind  I got confused there... For about, 10 minutes.
