Most common words for this cluster:
[('maybe', 626), ('time', 67), ('today', 51), ('tomorrow', 34), ('lol', 33), ('day', 28), ('something', 27), ('perhaps', 24), ('i', 24), ('night', 21), ('work', 19), ('quot', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Maybe', 0.999832272529602), (u'Or_maybe', 0.8690325021743774), (u'Perhaps', 0.7904763221740723), (u'Surely', 0.7869548201560974), (u'Of_course', 0.7556041479110718), (u'Sure', 0.7431401014328003), (u'So', 0.7399736046791077), (u'And', 0.7346333265304565), (u'Actually', 0.7255967855453491), (u'maybe', 0.7249510884284973)]





@rdf_pr msu lost it in the first ten minutes. Maybe even the first five. Congrats! 
@dimensiondvdrob no, I did not get it!  Maybe the mail lost it. 
I wish I had time to figure out why my retweet button isn't working.  Maybe it'll fix itself by the time I'm done with my meeting, lol.
Reeling from the news that an 11 and a 10 year old are to be charged with attempted murder  Maybe it should be the parents in the dock?
Anyone tell me why I can't sleep for some reason?  Maybe I should try again.
12 hours of my son's baseball tournaments today. No twitter backgrounds today  Maybe I can get some good nature photos while out and about
@ChessWhiz your top 4 chess openings link brings me to a &quot;makeup workshop&quot;? Maybe that's what's wrong with my chess game; too ugly 
My dog woke me up at 6:30 this morning, just because the sun comes up earlier now!  Maybe I'll take a nap later....
@allthedoll I messed them up a bit.    Maybe the next time I make them I won't get caught up doing other things.
I've got the hurties today   Maybe I need to be on a tropical beach somewhere to feel better...
My glands are swollen, my muscles ache and I'm tired all the time. Who used my body? Maybe I'm falling apart  not good
@HGoldup I'm not at work till 11. Maybe, no actually probably my hangover will kick in then. I don't have any milk for tea 
How did I manage to break tweetdeck? It's not working anymore.  Maybe a reboot can help.
Feeling very down today! Maybe even sad!! 
@jonamelton that's a shame. Maybe they were gone by the time you got there? I wanted to see them when I got back next week! 
@leechdemon it isn't coffee  I just feel sick. Maybe the vitamin
weyhey it's my birthday &amp; lovely &amp; sunny outside but have to go into the office today  Maybe I'll get to do some thing nice this evening?
@Jayisgames Maybe all the people with new ideas just don't have the time or resources. 
5:41 am and it's done.  Just have to proof read and make corrections.  Maybe after I sleep...and work 
@jordanknight I am so sad. I thought the cutoff was midnight. I hope you still enjoy my email  Maybe next contest!
So now I'm blocking some spammers. I don't like to follow interesting twitters anmore  Maybe later
@R2ThaEdgy This guy came up to my friend for money, then asked her for a cigarette... Maybe its best you dont give so you cant give more. 
@lizzielarock I will miss you and your family!  Maybe you can come out late? packing all day- I think dad is coming over tonight. callme!
No luck with deals today.  Maybe it's because of the rain.  
This chair in the studio is a P.O.S! It keeps lowering everytime I sit down! Maybe I should lose a few pounds 
I want to sleep.. but I'm wide awake   Maybe some more reading will get me back to bed.
@sebinaj  @remzology I noticed that too, Maybe the sessions are too engaging that they are not getting time to tweet    #bck5
...didn't buy it for me.  Haha. Maybe next time. How are you all doing this twitterific weekend? Anything exciting happened? 
the heat is sure to melt me  Maybe its a good way to lose the excess weight iv gained !
At work until 3... Maybe 4  hopefully 3 tho
I am super tired  Maybe I should just got to bed!
I took a video but it's blurry   I may put it on youtube..Maybe :0)
@BethsKissForYou I'm already in a call.  And I has to go soon anyway. Maybe tomorrow?
@leo08 I hope you weren't late for work today. Maybe u should tell me to wake u up in future  
@mheart. Maybe she uh..   I Don't know what i can say to help. That sucks though. Maybe It's your sleeping schedule?
I need some coffee. Maybe I should do tea cuz my throat is killing 
So maybe I'm the one who's messed up. Maybe you are. All I know is soon enough this has got to end. 
I tried to use telepathy to get him to text me but so far I have failed miserably. Maybe because he isn't thinking about me at all? 
Oh my throat... Maybe i shouldn't have downed so much vodka last night 
@Mrjaydeeone  I'll try again. Maybe it just doesn't like me today http://myloc.me/G3e
@spoonerist oh that sucks  Maybe you can text her, and tell her, you are here to talk if she has any questions!
@jankuzniak Awww, that's too bad  Maybe this will show you where to go in this situation - http://yfrog.com/66wowscrnshot050909013450j.
@Cherryjello no!  I never found my selma!    oh well!  Maybe when I lose this last 20 pounds.  http://myloc.me/HKh
I'm missing the live @twobeerqueers, I'm on twobeerqueers.com &amp; nothing. Maybe I don't have the time right. 
No inFamous demo code in my inbox  Perhaps they know im probably going to buy it anyway
@JankySlamsworth yo is it just me, or does mr.hudson look like he's some villain off of a 007 flick? Maybe its his hair...I'm goin to bed 
@urartist I was passionate about creating, but I seem to have misplaced my passion at the moment  Maybe I tweeting will help find it?
@RunwayJ I definitely wanted to go to the beach today, but had to check out my residents and finish editing  Maybe next week 
@AfricanABC if only I could blame drink... last night was all me   - Maybe a drink now will help though...
No breakfast today  I didn't wake up early. And i have to start studying again. Maybe after launch! lol...
@squishable The picture I sent didn't make it in.  Maybe the next update.
I hate when things wake me up in the morning. Its so hard to fall asleep again  goodnight again.. Maybe.
@kaitlynmassey I'm sorry, maybe bacon? Maybe?  http://is.gd/yjMt
@hanaames But he was funny, intelligent, handsome. I must be gay, surely. But then I just wish he'd given me time  Maybe I'm just gay ha.
@emiliosparks aiight. Maybe @homebasenyc won't flake out this time cuz u going   no love
@VaneDEW  LOL!!  sorry   is he on here? Maybe he's posted stuff from the cruise?
@bronwen isn't that the natural path of innovation? No matter what country you reside? Maybe social stigmas win in the end. 
hmmm....what to do today, my last day off work  Maybe I will work on sites alittle bit
@_laurenh @stevewhitaker  I was told not to go to any restaurant in c-ville &amp; yesterday was my wedding anniversary   Maybe tweet up soon?
@TheRg ...Maybe you're not innocent 
Guess I'll have to walk alone  Maybe I'll start with strength today...shake things up
@rockeye I don't know why  Maybe I was acting all spammer like
i wish i had some cash. i want to go to vinyl tomorrow night for drinks.  Maybe dad will gift me. @daniellefaithe where you at?
Luckily I shopped for rings ystrday &amp; they r cute. Maybe everytime I find a new awesome one an old one must B sacrificed 2 the ring gods 
@icedruids sorry! Just wasn't diggin it. Maybe you'll like it! 
Unfortunately my meetings went late today so no @m0nty at @MTUB today.  Maybe after footy season is done.
I feel like I'm about to implode. Perhaps my cup of tea had some red matter in it 
@bacon_lover boo  Maybe they'll re-promote it soon.
@TuttoBene Do not like. I want my pic back  Maybe my face is just too offensive to show to the unsuspecting public LOL
@michaeltangen It's ok  Maybe you'll give us a try soon.
I'm tired as hell and I got bamboozled by the mechanic today. Maybe tomorrow will be better 
@rachelstarlive I got nothing private to say to you. So sorry!   Maybe tomorrow!
I caaan't sleep. Maybe I shouldn't have sugar after 5pm  I di'int mean toooo
Maybe i need to stop trying ? Maybe i should just wait  and hope shes ok :/ idunno what to do  
@wideeyedmuse thanks for the tip. but seriously, it used to grow real fast. Maybe it's a sign of old age. 
I had my boyfriend cut my hair instead... Maybe it wasn't such a good idea...? 
All this talk of buttershots has me wanting some!  Maybe I'll have a small bit over ice, I haven't had any since faire.
That seized bolt, ya it's still stuck! The bushing is actually seized to the bolt, very very lame   Perhaps some heat will work?
Hates headaches! Maybe I'm not ready to rock 
@tinylegacies *sighs* Ah well.  Maybe my second email will clear it up and get him approved. 
that's a whole lot of rainstorm goin' on.  Maybe I won't go out tonight... 
@rachelyn082909 i think i ordered a few days after you. Maybe you got something that was on backorder? 
@BIOSShadow I'm not going, sadly.  Maybe next year, eh?
@mitchelmusso I want to call you but it would cost to much  But Maybe my parents will say okay =D
I will be missing all of the 1st game tonight. Maybe i will get lucky and be home in time to watch part of the second. 
@andy2dx Awww boo. Maybe i wont be sober during 3s team at evo. I need to snag someone to be my partner 
@gillismail @d4nz  ya'll are the only ones that cant see it   Maybe its just the twitter link or something??
Bit down in the dumps today    Such an awful day !  Maybe good time to write a song   (Y)
@AndreaKoeln awww, im so sorry hun  im sure she didn't do it on purpose though, she seems so sweet! Maybe it was a 24 hour thing? :s
The bus is rolling along faster than expected. I might make it home by 6:15. Maybe. 
I haven't gone sheesha smoking in a loooong time  Maybe tomorrow? &gt; *starts planning*
@alydenisof Maybe someone is trying to hack you 
@jazcan Too bad  Maybe try a powerful flashlight? lol.
@AToshach I'm headed straight up  It's SUCH a long drive as is...I'm sorry! Perhaps on the way back?? I'll let you know!
@alwayskatharine  It works for me... Maybe it's just you? [I mean that in a caring way.]
@mplested lol I don't know...    I am at total loss for promo ideas.  Maybe you could trash the show or praise it sarcastically.
@WriterLuv3r  Maybe go out and grab something that may be open??
@isabellagermek @erockett89 She is in bed-has to work 2morrow  Maybe 2morrow night &lt;looks hopeful&gt; lol
@libertygrrrl I twied to join yr twibe but just got a blank page  Maybe it needs to mature?
Brilliant day outside and I'm stuck in the flat working on my dissertation. Maybe if I sit near the window I can get a tan 
It's weird because movies never make me cry. Maybe I just needed a good cry lol work in 6 hours  
I wish I could say I love life right now, but I'm almost about to cry for different things. Maybe going out tonight makes me feel better. 
How can we enjoy our 2 yr together.Maybe we will become good frens after tat  2%... but i will tell him tomolo morn,we shld both try hard!
@emwalker Just had a bad experience with a tweeter and had to block them. Makes me leery of strangers. Maybe I shouldn't be so friendly  
Why is it that when I'm in athens I'm always so lazy and just want to ball up and sleep all day. Maybe I'm just trying to avoid moving 
@fantasyridee I couldn't sleep last night, though!!  Maybe go soon &amp; yeah, I like being crazy lol!! 
revision did happen, mildly, and now I am SINCERELY regretting saying no to going out tonight.  Maybe will do more work to occupy self 
I wanna do something. But I don't think I can make myself do it. I still feel awful. Maybe tomorrow. 
@josepicardo I can't get it either  Maybe it's just cached on yours?
@bluegreendan nice work. Maybe I'll see you there later. Much left to do. 
@etmuse Suuuuucky.    Maybe sleeping will help.
@TeresaKopec I just saw that   Maybe less negativity around her this way and still a great career
@TiffanySchmidt Still??  Maybe you haven't ventured far enough into shark-infested waters? She said she'd be there, but not tweeting...
And yeah... I'm also having a sore left knee again  hopefully it's gone by tomorrow! Hurts bad at the moment... Maybe some sleep helps :p
Up us a great movie!! Maybe to much for little kids (lots if drama) and someone dies 
@LtGenPanda Yes! Me too. I'm not seeing half of the Tweets. Maybe this is the issue. 
@turbotomato No worries, we've been face down in documents and could not have gone anyway.  Maybe we'll try and break away later
@WrongWay108 I would have if I didn't have triathlon tomorrow   Maybe next time!
@kphresh No  my car is in the shop... Maybe next time
@reachrecords can't believe I missed it.  I wanted to be there. Maybe next time.
@TaN_yAy @zorythevirgin I love you guys too.  maybe some freak-miracle will occur and I can go to vegas! Maybe if my sis recovers fast
WHOOOHOOO four thirty! Maybe this is my body's way of telling me that summer is practically here. Only three days of school left for me 
argh tired! but couldn't sleep coz samson is sleeping on my bed, like pig.  Maybe I should hug him like how i did to my pillow! hoho!
I miss my dawgs  Perhaps I'll go home next weekend..hmm.
Going to bed in minutes. And it's still early!  Maybe a movie marathon tonight...
@Isapersefone Maybe maybe.. I want ice cream.. 
I was dressed to go to church but no one came to pick me up  ... Maybe I'll go tonight...
Maybe they'll give me a two-day prescription? Maybe? For emergency use? I can't go without my lisinopril.  I'll be in so much pain.
i'm laying around because scott took the fishing poles to work today.     Maybe i'll go get em after i shower.
@realslimslady I don't see anything yet...  Maybe it needs time to load...
uuugggh, I cooked and now I feel ill  Maybe I should stick to what I do best!! which is not in the kitchen! lol
My picture wouldn't change  Maybe it will in a few minutes...
@princ3sskrys10 I never got any of the dolls either  I don't know where my books are. Maybe we sold em...
@mizminh yes I just heard - I'd like to be there - but waaay too much thesis to do  Maybe I can sneak over this week-end - I'll DM u.
is feeling a bit crook but has too much stuff to do to go home!  Maybe that chicken was off  
@Smaulren Aw  Maybe they were worried about looking too tough.
Disappointed that the cold-call recruiter hasn't called back  Maybe tomorrow?
At this point I should not still be hungover.  Maybe I'm just getting sick.  I've never had a sore throat with a hangover 
What a beautiful day! And I'm stuck behind my keyboard...   Maybe I'll go for a walk after lunch, to breathe in some summer air...
I'm craving for miso salmon &amp; sushi   Maybe it'll make me feel better?  I'm always thinking about food!
@hatchduffy It always my fault. I'm not trying to change the pic again for a bit. Maybe get someone else to do it for me. I break things 
My followers have dropped so much the past few days!!  Maybe its the spammers accounts being found out? haha...or maybe its me.  boo.
Seriously, is my knee ever going to heal? Maybe I should go back to the dr. Its been over 2 weeks 
@Haaaaawhit Four pounds is a lot of money in dollars  ... where did you lose it? Maybe nobody recognized it as money.
I wish I could go to E3. Maybe next year 
My guest seems so unhappy, i don't know what to do. It feels so weird. Maybe we make better friends far away. 
@ethankillett  that's sad. Maybe it just needs to be on your own time, not a schedule. Or you should have a buffer like you said before.
@dNeero Maybe not. I need more sleep, 'cause I've caught cold. 
@coonassdotcom I am of mixed emotions, I can't wait till he comes but yet I fear 4 all that don't make it. Maybe even some of my family 
@id10t2u Lol absolutely. Maybe i can finally land a guy seeing as ive never had a boyfriend lmao i probably just lost all my followers 
@disarmmusic ohhh bad luck guys   Maybe next year. xx
Throwing the perfect pajama party is not whats great about being a girl, at least to me. Maybe I'm not girl enough... 
@drnelk Too bad.  Maybe not enough sponsorships or ads to generate enough revenue to run it?
laptop died  2 weeks til exams- really bad timing! Maybe its a sign I spend 2 much time on facebook playing games instead of studying? lol
@sarahinaz Couldn't tell.  They were closed and somehow I missed that fact on their web-site before I drove down there.   Maybe next week
@AgingBackwards You think? ! Maybe it's a man posting those ads anyway - exploiting some woman who probably doesn't know! her pic's used! 
lolz. I wanna be an intern  But I am a youngster. Maybe lates and eights. ;)
Getting a little light headed. Maybe I shouldn't have done all of this running around right after I gave blood 
Just got to work and doing nothing. Maybe I should invest some time in my blog 
@cherylan @limbackm emarcomm apps are le suck. Maybe 3 worth a phone interview, tops. 
http://twitpic.com/6fwct - Aw. I will miss my old camera  Maybe I
@dannygokey I can't see your pic    I miss your face. Maybe there is something wrong with my computer...
@tooshort55 I wish I was going with ya!   Maybe some other time!
Now I don't feel well  Maybe food will help..
@danlev I only know about extracting both comments and posts.  Maybe search the wordpress plug in page
Still feeling like crap, even after my nice, hot, hot shower.  Maybe I am really sick. 
Watching tv with hubby... Though we really should be packing.  ugh, LOL! Maybe tomorrow?? ;)
@kamisoul I wish I had pandesal  Maybe I will go and get some, tomorrow. They're soo good when they are fresh.
@dinafragola  oh no maybe check with the neighbour which neighbour it was that took him... Maybe then you check check face to face
@thewayyoumoveme At the moment, The redbull is the only thing that's making me happy  Maybe I should drink it with vodka....
Today has been such a long day and it's only lunchtime. *yawns* Maybe if I hadn't woken up 3 times last night I wouldn't be so tired 
wish i could be at #E3 ...Maybe next year 
@Ceikol Maybe he has decided he doesn't want minions anymore...  
I never have trouble sleeping, so why can't I sleep today? Maybe because my throat hurts sooo baddd. 
@panache @verybigjen - I thought we said last night. I was there waiting. Maybe I read them wrong. 
Talking to someone very special to me... don't want to leave but I have too!  Maybe I will stay for 10 more mins lol
@PRChels_BE  that's the worst feeling. Maybe that means tomorrow you'll cross off everything all at once!
Is going to bed now and taking his scraped arms with him! Maybe tomo I will have a message in my twitter inbox, not had 1 yet 
@TMTOHD I hope you feel better, you're hungry?, Maybe is the cause of pain 
I wanna go camping... Maybe I just miss up north 
My right ankle hurts like no other! Maybe learning how to skateboard this late into &quot;childhood&quot; wasn't such a good idea after all... 
@nibbanausa  still not seeing images  Can others see them except Twweti users? Maybe better to send just links or use twitpic inline?
Still bored...what the hell. Maybe I should just go to bed. 
.@Jasperblu I so feel your pain. &quot;knowing&quot; doesn't always help, once had kids that dribbled basketball  Maybe assume toddlers? Kids=good
I cant sleep  and i hate early morning wake-ups. Maybe ill get myself breakfast in the mornin'
@lgulya   I'm sorry.  Maybe it's contagious, I had a fuck-all of a day too.
FINALLY done uploading all my pics. Now I don't even feel like formatting them into a ADIML post.  Maybe later.
@maddieprior oh dear  Maybe the hospital will suggest something when you go that will make it better xxx
I don't know how to dress for muggy w/chance of thunderstorms!  Maybe I should buy an umbrella 
Phone bills: 190.4. Maybe i should stop these sms twitting  - http://tweet.sg
@xthemusic ....bonds are made using violence? Surely he'd just be scared of me? Maybe that's the best I can hope for 
@ladylok ~ No, I haven't seen the movie yet  Maybe I'll see it this or next weekend ^-^
@JennMcGarity I was informed of it by @ChristieSilver but I already had something scheduled.  Maybe next year!
@MTarro That's been happening a lot to me lately. It's really uncomfortable when ppl do that. Maybe it's a new fad... 
@TalkToQwest Already am following you, seems you aren't following me. Maybe that's why I can't DM. 
@mlbarnes2009 I've been eating them  Maybe they raised it! lol
I have to go to school tomorrow to look at the sections.  Maybe I'll take pictures. :&gt;
I finished all my work... What should I do know? Maybe I can... no, blocked internet 
@JosueR  I'm at work...sorry I can't enjoy ya. Maybe next time.
@PinkyNKOTB So do I  Maybe next year, they may come over here?
@momlogic I don't know but it happened to me (in a sense)...Maybe it's fear! When u allow fear to overcome, ultimately make bad decisions 
...a 7-mile backup, great! Maybe these morons should learn how to drive in the rain 
@WGDurrant Maybe I should just do some spring cleaning?  I want them all though  lol
Is it the full moon that always makes me grumpy or a PMS coincidence? Maybe the rain. Maybe the litter box ... not a fun fun friday 
Going camping this weekend  I'll be away from all my tech for 3 days  Maybe that's a good thing...
*sighs* I'm back to using my original picture. Not that I don't like it. Maybe hopefully, the problem would be fixed. MAYBE. 
Going to bed now, nothing to do.  Maybe all this happiness with bring really good dreams!
All races postponed due to bad weather conditions  Maybe tomorrow ... #iomtt
Looks like I won't be going today, again. Being let down by people and stuck somewhere else. Maybe next week 
@TheBolce yup! super! I dunno. Maybe they don't have 
@spindaisy I feel for you. Billy is 3 and hardly ever sleeps all night. Maybe once a week 
been wanting a good chix finger salad for a few days but its brkfst tyme???  Maybe I'll run to the greeek spot get steak,eggs,and potatos?
I'm bored...Maybe that's cuz it's 2:08am and no one is online 
@ThePISTOL i hope i get through! I REALLY need encouragment cause i get sad  lol. Maybe i'll give you a rap preview (;
sick &amp; super tired (I had nightmares all night about a client!)   Maybe I'll catch up on some work from bed this afternoon
@DOOMBUG Maybe it's not so bad for other folks, but for someone who gets phone updates it's the freakin devil. 
After about 20 minutes of searching, I gave up and went home. Maybe I should have stayed...bummer 
@Geekwife I know.   its terrible. Maybe I should go back to bed
@AgentLashes I'll keep you posted on everything! No camera though  Maybe sparky will bring hers
@tomlenk I would LOVE to see that show!  Looks awesome! Maybe there will be one that makes it here to baltimore 
I bought a cute dress. Maybe I will look like a girl 
My foot is killing me. I can barely walk. I'm going to lie down. Maybe it'll feel better soon 
I wish my besties were back in town. Maybe then I wouldn't spend 22 hours a day in my room, on my laptop. 
Ten months single... I don't know what to think anymore. Maybe I'm just done with relationships all together. 
What a rainy dirty day on the road?  Maybe tomorrow will be nice... 
@KeikoTakamura I love yyys but I'm not feeling a good vibe. Maybe it's the mix but it's not very alive 
No go on the test.  Maybe next time 
@theinfinityloop sorry...  Maybe I should stop with tweeting as I blip 
Why am I awaaake  I feel like @nickjfrost. Maybe I'll start talking about ants.
@sydeshow But... but... I have to work at 4am tomorrow  Maybe I can help spread corruption another night? 
the defense rests.  Maybe for good.  
The defense rests.  Maybe for good.  
@stich0602 I know! Maybe next time. 
Wants to talk to asha. Maybe even skype. But it's bedtime. I need to go  http://plurk.com/p/z1hrp
Congradulations! I'm glad you found someone! Maybe one day we can be friends! I love you lackey! 
hungry  Is it wrong to dislike your best friend's girlfriend? Perhaps you like him yourself?
studying  orr  not really kind of done.. I don't know.. Maybe a toturial today 
@extermikate Ahaha. Maybe they would, at that. I'm afraid to blow my nose this morning. 
@girlwonders Aww. Maybe that is what they do until they get their bearings. I hope so. I'm so worried I'll be a bad mum! 
Also, I never found my favourite piece of fabric - awesome green paisley - which is highly distressing. Maybe it will show up tomorrow. 
Still have no voice but now my throat hurts badly...... Maybe I need a tonsillectomy or an adnoidectomy// I hope its neither 
After too many problems to count, I'm de-jailbraking my iPhone. Maybe for some self punishment I'll install 3.0. 
@watercrown Ah no  Maybe shoji does? &gt;8D
@thedreamteam09 Daammnn I'm @ work! Maybe nxt week! 
has applied. Maybe this time? 
@ahanhbarbie I hope you feel better  Maybe some ice cream will help 
@Freckles6 i missed it.  i have a card for u. Maybe we can do t weed 2mr.
@julibarcelona That's a possibility! Though I didn't pack any workout clothes with me.  Maybe I'll go get some?
Just got done watchin Definitely Maybe, hopes he calls! 
At work early. Maybe we'll get out early too... probably not. 
@she_shines92 I think... I think I am giving up. For now. Maybe in a few years but... 
Or... Maybe I just don't have enough friends to share d tweets...   http://myloc.me/3TeF
@MurrayMcF I've done that several times. Even with earlier releases of the plugin. Finally I went back to wp 2.7  Perhaps pb with php5 ?
@b0tz I don't know   Maybe because there is too many of them and I burnt out the notifications?
Feeling a bit hungry but wondering if spag bol will be still good if I put it thru the blender. Maybe will have custard instead. 
for the first time in either a couple or a few days has nothing specific to do! Maybe packing and tidying 
@tychay I'm affected, too, but I can't avoid the bluescreen  Maybe I should wait for 10.5.8?
I don't know... @JTKates52 I think my exhaustion finally caught up with me. Maybe working out yesterday was not such a good idea... 
@ndoto Chuuu I hope you're doing ok today.  Maybe it's time to see a doctor?
. . . yeah fuck that shit. Also kind of bored tonight  Maybe explore tomorrow if my uncle doesn't come by.
Feeling so very unhappy. Maybe it's the estrogen deficiency in me. 
@apriscilla_u It'll be gone for at least three whole frigging weeks..  Maybe even longer..
@ryanodonnell oh no! I hope you guys feels better  Maybe just a 24 hour bug?
@joannalovesyou I haven't seen it yet, but I loved that book so much.  Maybe I shouldn't watch it.  
I'm so confused...   Maybe I  went about it the wrong way, but somethin had to be done.
@rowan72 I sorry.  Maybe we both caught the funk from @011iver.  heh
I'm not feeling well at all but I'm not sick. Maybe I should take some advil. 
@OHsCreditUnions You are downright mean!   Maybe if you give the person more than 37 minutes notice?  I'm just saying......
I am having serious creative blocks today   Maybe I need a walk.  aargh the strollers are soaked.  What do you do to get over the block?
@mherzber I wish I could go but I'm extremely allergic to shellfish.  Maybe next time.
Storm, crap no umbrella. Maybe stuck at work 
My throat hurts  lazying around for the night. Maybe now i'll have decent time for the sims
I don't know what's wrong with me. Maybe I don't want to know. I just took a nap because I was like a zombie. And I didn't want to get up 
I wish I had a tree house  Maybe one day
@tarkle21 That sucks  Maybe you can get another job to hold you over, and keep looking for a teaching job.
@Turntablez I wish. I was dragged around between the 2 offices.  Maybe tomorrow I will sneak a pj top in. hehe
Leaving @filmindependent. Maybe my last time as a programming intern 
@stephaniecea I don't think I've seen that one  Maybe I should eat some real food now.. but the cake is sooo good
@Lthomas91  It looks REALLY good though! Maybe they are just late, right?
@GrafittiMySoul Maybe my powers are failing me. 
@jesus_iscomin  Maybe I am being judgemental and it was everything they wanted?
@jakeofficial I chickened out on the longhorn party.      Maybe next year.
I have had a headache all day. Maybe sleep will cure it. 
@odayski : What's wrong? Maybe you should go see a doctor 
@Jperryman73 I already gave her my advice a couple of months ago, you know, when he did it to her last time  Maybe now she takes it?
I was going to aimlessly wander around the neigbourhood but it's raining  Maybe later.
@madeinkowloon I look stumpy in skinny jeans.  Maybe you're on to something about the shoe, though...
I wonder if I'm the only one who misses high school? I just miss hanging with all my friends and just being happy. Maybe I'm just lonely 
@xsparkage ohh ok, that'd make more sense lol. I know! the disney queen was a biiootch. Maybe thats why im scared of that movie still 
I really don't want it to be very hot today.  Maybe slightly sunny with a nice breeze... that'd be fine by me.
@irishlad585 haah I've been saying bedtime for 6 hours now  I can't sleeep. Maybe cause I keep tweeting lol!
I'm not a fan of 930 sb games...... I'm tired   Maybe a dew today?
@mshowalter Was barnaroo a petting zoo at bonnaroo? Maybe the goat ate your phone. 
@Radicoon Maybe, just maybe when I finish my CCNA this summer and degree in the fall. Maybe, but still doubtful. $8/hour jobs until then! 
Feeling a little wierd. Maybe I am allergic to kangaroo! 
@yellekmarciniak eek, that is so weird. I have no idea why it's doing that! How annoying. Maybe contact pfc or post? sorry I cant help ya 
Still no xbox live...   *sighs rolls over* Maybe I should just go back to sleep!
@whysoserious123 I'm sowy... I wish I could have helped you get some rest...  I love you... Maybe you should put your phone on silent and
I see swordfish and sharks hung but no whales...  I don't like it here. Maybe if they had a baby whale anywhere I would.
I want to learn to play bagpipes but I just read that a good set starts at $1000 and goes up. Maybe I should stick with drums. 
I sleep thru my alarm every morning!! Maybe I need to start getting 8 hours of sleep 
@zenawarriordog I wasn't able to get into your blog?   Maybe another time? How are you doing today? 
@StephhanieLynn well im liking the whole psychology thing so I think im sticking with that. Maybe some sociology. and I have 1 more math 
I'm unnaturally wiped out today.  Maybe it's because I never stopped moving yesterday? Ugggghhh I just slept for like three hours. X_X
@samanthaann123 I mean it just seems to be disappointment after disappointment with the @JonasBrothers lately. Maybe it's time to move on 
As much as I love my collective's layout, it really does need a new one.  Maybe a pink and teal one or something.
@doolamcfly awww  Maybe ill make a neww one who knows haha
I feel so bad... I planned movie night with the kids but I crashed hard for a couple hours.  Maybe tomorrow.  
Having a terrible night! I hate today already! Maybe I'll just stay n bed all tomorrow! 
Prayer led to crying...smh.... Maybe I should just go to sleep. I hate feeling this way. Godnight tweeties 
@apoorvsharma looks the same to me! Maybe it's not updated here yet 
just bought 2 new cds of sleep music I sure hope it helps!  Maybe I can't sleep because I miss @steveakins a lot. 
@rondata sorry to hear this  Maybe you can sell the nuclear underwear now :-D ...
another night of passing out at 9 and not waking up until 3  I'm an idiot. Maybe I'll squeeze in a workout before work
Really not keen on having the boss in the office... it just creates such tension!!   Maybe I'll do a happy dance to cheer everybody up?
@TimCAD Perhaps it's time to pay the massuer a visit? 
My tummy hurts so bad I can't fall back asleep!  Maybe drinking orange juice before bed isn't such a good idea.
Just ate my lunch &amp; I'm still hungry!! Maybe I'll have a bigger salad tomorrow 
Dammit - twiggy!! U know your not supposed to poo on the sidewalk when people r watching!! Maybe we can blame it on the other dog 
@TreeFalldesign at the moment I don't have funds to do anything like that  Maybe soon!
@chrisjumpoff i told u something was weird with it! Maybe it knows our phones suck 
Went to sleep in my bed, woke up on the couch/Maybe it will rain /Maybe I will receive a large sum of money from somewhere/Maybe not. 
@virixtwitt You mean you have a shiny new website, but no one can see it  What a pain. Maybe we can help?
@AHalbers  So sad, I was hoping you would make it! Maybe your outlet mall excursion will yield better results...
the girlfriend likes the bolster more than me.  Maybe I'm not cuddly enough...
@Alliana07  I'm sorry hun. All I can suggest is talking to her about it? Maybe she's not annoyed at you but at something personal and...
Needs to shake this gloomy feeling!!    Maybe it's the rain???
Not feeling well* wish it would stop rainging! Maybe I wouldn't feel so groggy! 
@marseeah so I will do 5 sets of 30 jumping jacks in the office throughout the day. Maybe that will help 
Ughhh graduation... Maybe 
@PhilMasteller Maybe I won't upgrade tonight.  I wonder if it's a widespread problem.
@jamiefarhat @IAmBecomeSpanky I guess everyone is having a bad day too huh? Maybe I shouldn't feel so bad 
@MadamMeow lol... Perhaps someone will start in again tonight with something.. I am not popular enough to start a trending topic 
So it rained on us  no swimming today! Maybe the weather will be better tomorrow.
@squarespace Is my cute bunny picture helping or hurting? Maybe you're just so overwhelmed by cute you can't stand to look at my tweets. 
She's beat!!!    my poor little doggie!!!    She looks so sad. Maybe she thought she lost us too!!!!   http://mypict.me/4cjD
@SavannahBlanks have you done it? Because they told me no.  Maybe I have to file a claim?
Finally time to eat then relax. Maybe even read     It's inevitable that someone'll screw it up for me 
@jazzy13dimitri  It'd be pretty sick if they did, but the movie will feel wierd without chris  Maybe if they did a prequel??! 
@allshallfade They definitely did. Maybe he will be back, who knows 
*sigh* I am super tired! Maybe one day I will be able to rest 
@Stefmara Maybe call the stadium? maybe they can email it? although I doubt it. 
No chipotle  im so bummed. Perhaps a call to pasta hut is in order
You ever walk around with your pants off for so long that you start to want to put pants on?!?! Perhaps this risky business isn't or me. 
@ktjbpa2006  i know the feeling  It really sucks. Maybe it's my plot that isn't working out for me? I read a similar story and it was good
@KrzyKatLdy LOL.  Maybe I wouldnt feel so awkward then!  But you have to be 18. 
Feels that things are definitely changing...And I don't think in a good way. Maybe it's me, but there's something wrong....... 
@_harrypotter_ ooc:  That stinks. Maybe I could attack you or something, a little change of pace, hm? *laugh*
@GorgeousBorjas amen to that. Maybe i should try woman. 
My room is a freakin sauna. Maybe i shouldn't have left the vent covered all day. Oopsi. 
@Gracelisa I feel for you however the inability to sleep is something I never suffer through  Perhaps you drank too much coffee?
 This ain't cool... Maybe I can get on the computer before I go to sleep... Hopefully...
Wow, today was pretty good until I got home. Maybe I need to start working late more. 
@Rubyam I don't know what it is  Maybe you can enlighten me
@mayareiss want one, not in a position to own one  . Maybe next time
@aimeekate Me netiher  Thats why I asked u. Maybe u should ask for an interview  And I dont have money either 
My bread dough is all crumbly   Maybe I'll add milk?
You didn't listen, and you never cared  Maybe it's just my false hope, thinking you'd change... -- can't sleep.
@jamiecullum   Thanks so much for the tickets!!!!  But there is a probelm, something came up so I cannot attend    Maybe next time!!!
@gurusoftech I really really wish I could make it  Maybe next year....
I thought this never comes ..  Maybe I should have hope in the core
Feeling mucho wonky. Maybe 
@cindy_wu awwww  I'm sorry.  Maybe you are in store for a HUGE promotion.
@CaliNative_70 IKR? Maybe she didn't know if he was ok or not since he must of been busy too and he didn't get the chance to call 
@iamRE I would tell U 2 stop by but I'm sooooo sick.  Maybe next time tho cuz I do miss ya.
@mediaphyter I sent myself an invite to have the number. Maybe it changed after that. I'll just download the podcast when I get home 
@dannyswrld I want it too!  And I want the other gameplay videos now!  Why must we wait!!! Maybe we can both convince ngmoco to give us
I am so bummed. The cat who adopted me 3 weeks ago had an owner. They just came and got her...   Maybe she will come back! 
@BrittGoosie naaaaw. Maybe cause it costs more to call you  I don't get calls either  not even from my friends here :'(
@gaspereauwine They don't open until 4   Maybe dinner sometime!
@kasten no   Maybe we can find a pub quiz in dallas when i visit though....
@noahmomintz: Hmm... Maybe. Maybe I just ate the poison half. 
&quot;I'm standing here but you don't see me. I'd give it all for that to change...&quot; Wow! Maybe I am invisible! 
@JayPhill89 Maybe you can but as far as I know AT&amp;T still doesn't offer that option 
@4EverSometimes I wouldn't know. Apparently 22  is not a good age for first love either...  Maybe 23, hm,..
And @melancholyjeans is gonna be mad at me  Maybe I could make some oreo balls to make it up to him
@bottlewreckage  I would, and i planned on it.. But my truck is being held hostage at the peppermill.   Maybe ill get it back b4 it ends
Marking exams is depressing. I thought I really connected with my students, I was nurturing the next group of statisticians. Maybe not. 
...better people out there. I don't stand a chance. Maybe skateboarding really is the only thing I'm good at 
@BRITTANYBOSCO  Maybe it'll turn up in your neighborhood...might've been some kids who took a ride on it or something.
I effin' wonder how it's like to live #inaperfectworld. Maybe there I can call you mine again. 
I effin' wonder how it's like to live #inaperfectworld. Maybe there I can call you mine again. 
No one is replying to my texts. It doesn't help this nostalgia of college. Maybe my texts aren't sending.  Test.
@trixtia I have no idea. Maybe it is? But the video was taken years ago... but still! 
@desolate_pages  Maybe you can comfort him with his favorite movie or something. But it sucks - get better soon, bb!
@ff5kate  thats a real shame.  Maybe you could hide a few pairs?
@EnglishGirlinNY I'm going clothes shopping. Maybe since I'm up early I'll go get it out the way. Clothes shopping makes me anxious 
@AndrewDearling I have been attempting to whistle all day and had no luck  Maybe my lips are wierd, can't blow bubblegum bubbles either!
@ebrown2112 I wish I could go to. Maybe we should form a club, for those like us, who wish they'd be there but cannot 
Morning plans turned upside-down. No Locomo this morning.   Maybe after lunch.
@taste_of_honey I'm sorry you can't go  Maybe someday
I really hate worrying about this as much as I do. I've gotten reassurance... Maybe I just need a face to face conversation again. 
@kabojnk I have no idea  maybe I'm just to used to the bike now. Maybe I just accepted it like it was before!
Eyes are sore and paining today. Maybe cuz I spend atleast 8hrs/day infront of the box nowadays... so bored... 
@nickwichman I thought it was incredible too! Maybe the camera's just not main stream yet? Not sure 
Allergies are stupid. Maybe when it stops raining I will feel better 
@ginatrapani not for now, too little better than 3G to justify cost. Maybe in 6 months when cheaper if 3G's battery continues to decline 
@mermaidcharms no necklace yet  Maybe tomorrow.....
@WickedCoolDeals thanks!...I don't know how to do that followfriday stuff.  Maybe I'm too old 
My tummy really hurts  Maybe it's time to eat something besides baked cheetos and lemon popsicles.
Sadly I might be too tired to start pinning my design tonight...and it's only 8pm  Maybe I'll do one part now, one part in the morning?
Crashing the #prville party but we came too late and missed @skydiver.   Maybe I'll get to meet and run with him next time.
@MLPCollecting I can't go to the fair, either.  Maybe next year.
spoke at missionette honor star crowning. man asked me if it was my first time speaking in front of a group. Maybe I didnt do that well 
Ugh! Maybe goin out isn't 4 me anymore!!! 
@Yahzarah I'm totally sad I missed it. I'm friends with some of the guys who own the place and I love your music. Maybe next time 
@MicHELLeYEAH Awww what?! That sucks  Maybe you need to start a bonfire and get some smoke signals going to alert the proper authorities.
@CarolineLeslie Maybe I am a harbinger of doom?  This particular hideous illness was necrotizing fasciitis and friend nearly died of it.
My head hurtsssss  Maybe I should go back to bed?
I have been trying to get a particular image for 3 weeks now ! Never get to the place at the right time  Maybe I will camp out..
@mnstrsnmnchkns soo sad  Maybe we just need to drink more often ;)
Just found out that I have a mild case of scoliosis.  At least it's a good excuse to start doing some sport. Maybe surfing. :\
@RedGray poor thing, I bet you're climbing the walls already...  Maybe get him an ipod, usually keeps kids quiet for hours ;-)
had such a restless sleep. Maybe because she misses you so much 
@jacksonadams I figured.  boo. Maybe next weekend.
@auroratampon I wanna cuddle you up in a bucket of stars and watch a&amp;e. Maybe boxed sangria. I need you.   
attended OpenAgile today. Maybe the only time out of home/office since a week ! 
@aileenapolo I still don't have access.  Maybe you denied my application, hehehe. But it's okay. 
My stomach still hurts  Maybe I can sleep it off
I feel so sick today.  Maybe that muffin wasn't as good for me as I thought it was...?
@AshlieOhh oh man. Maybe it's a hangover and sickness. 
I need the new iphone! Maybe if my job didn't pay peanuts 
@aramisette Fuckery. Maybe it was the fluorescents at the mall  feel better sweetie.
I have to give up on git for now  I can't waste another 3-4 days on this dead in the water   Maybe in a couple years when it doesn't suk
Does not look like I will be doing any climbing today.  Maybe tomorrow!
@TeresaMedeiros I'm sorry. Maybe I shouldn't have mentioned it. 
@Ldenemark I should put one on there! Maybe people won't be so grumpy to me... 
Migrane # 3 of this week... Maybe its not number 3, maybe its the same one that keeps comming back.. 
@JPSTG ohhh  I'm sorry to hear. Maybe if you just try to relax, deep breaths in and out and such things??
@Sumpinelse I WISH I had wine, but I have no car either  Maybe a movie, but I have to take a statistics test, homework = yuck
No, haven't won the lottery this time  Maybe next time ;)
@gillian9 :O   That's a real worry. Maybe you should tell him you want to be good friends and work on it slowly?
@whoozitz we need some rain down here  Maybe it would cool it off some...
@iamjonathancook Why so?  Maybe my fantastic mustache will cheer you up a bit? 
@dee011902 hopefully, he will decide to do better this time around. Maybe have something to do with them. Its a shame how hes missed out 
@katyanoctis If you want add me: fifty.thousand.tears@hotmail.com Maybe you can help me comprehend things that I don't know. 
Is up having trouble sleeping  Maybe an orgasm will work
Running errands since early morning, not even one morsel of food has gone in. Maybe this sunday is not that fun anymore. 
When is the day that I'm gonna have time to fix myself. Maybe that time will never come. 
@iwsayers yea I used to go all the time with guys from work for the all you can eat deal. Maybe one of the reasons it's closing 
@JaviLovesPizza congrats :/ Maybe you do tweet more than me... 
@mzjoyful46  He can still hear you. You could call someone else who's a dad &amp; recognize them. Maybe someone who lost a child, etc.
@jentwo Wow! What a cool bday thing! Maybe somebody romantic will do something like that for me someday!  and happy bday!
Just been out for evening meal, looking forward to some red snapper, and the worst meal so far! Maybe a bk on the way home! 
@gylda no doubt...I can't wait until we can start going to the movies again.  Maybe next year 
My breakfast wasn't good at all  soggy omelet! Maybe lunch will be better.
is still recovering from friday night episode. Maybe i shouldnt drink anymore!  i feel disgusted
Not looking forward to the trip home today.  Maybe it won't be so bad....   
So not looking forward to this week.  Maybe I'll get more in-depth later, but probably not. 
I weighed myself and the scale did nnt budge since last week.  Maybe I should try again now that I made a deposit.
I'm 4 feet 10 1/2 inches. I haven't grown for a long time. Maybe my growing is broken 
@aries_76 yikes! about this weekend...forgot parents going away and no kids in the pool while they are gone  Maybe we can do mini golf??
Ugh. I left jewelry on the plane last night. Now I feel naked without my bracelet.  oh well. Maybe rooftop pool after work???
It's warm outside today!!  Maybe summer has finally arrived.  I'm sure there will be rain 
I cant write my work-in-progress  All I want to do is never write again. I'm not even on chapter 5 yet Maybe if I edit I can write again?
So sad kirstie couldn't dgt!  Maybe next time!
@carlottap  It was instantaneous to mine! Maybe refresh a few times? It drove me nots when it wouldnt let me in at first!
 baby. I'm so sorry your back hurts. Maybe when you come here i can oil you up and rub you down ;)
@adarlingbbw well dang, I am not under 25   Maybe I need my own show lol
Feeling down today. $$ worries suck! Maybe I need another zumba class 
It's so nice out but I'm not feeling well enough to go to the beach  Maybe I'll just tan in my backyard..
@libs331 seriously?!?  I still only have flowers on my heirloom tomatoes, and no cukes yet   Maybe I'm not watering enough...
My mouth is achinggggg....damn wisdom teeth!! Maybe a nap will help...at least I won't be awake for the pain 
@VampDontSparkle  Maybe. I would love whoever convinced them to do it too
Man i ate like like 5-6 doughnuts today and yesterday. Maybe that kid was right 
Yay i probably failed! Maybe not i'll find out in 4-6 weeks  that stuff was hard!
@DjAceBoogie  sorry @slutbucket. Maybe I'll bring he my leftover popcorn and raisinettes.
Lking to my grandpa. Maybe im moving to arkansas. 
@choadmalma I forgot initially, but it went back to the page, so I think I got it! Maybe. I hope I did. 
@mareveltempura yeah I'm REALLY upset, the old one was so lovely  Maybe they'll realize they are making a mistake
@SDMusic  kawawa naman... Maybe it's the weather? I used to get nosebleeds when it's hot.
@rsgunning nope - never got the call.  Maybe tomorrow.
second coffee of the day and still no sugar - guess what? It's still awful  Maybe I should go out and buy some.
@lovessunflowers Oh dear  This day will go by too. Maybe my butterfly is on the way to visit you...
@melissaox  that's no good. Maybe some caffeine would help.
@swfrost I loved Ubertwitter too, but it didn't work consistently for me. It crapped out a lot. Maybe it likes newer crackberries better 
Another fun whine filled early morning.  How do I convince the kids to sleep past 7am?  Maybe then they wouldn't be so damn crabby . 
@AceyBongos I posted this in the forums but got no response  Maybe you could help instead? http://forums.xbox.com/27799101/ShowPost.aspx
Splurging money on shoes. To then remember I had already maxed out my luggage allowance  Maybe I can pass them as &quot;reading material&quot; lol
@JoelGuelph I have more than one bike, but one's on loan, and the other has a broken axle  Maybe a third is necessary?!
@KGeezy85 - I was sleepy, yet couldn't sleep much last night, 2. I finally fell asleep, now I am tired. Maybe too much coffee 
@iambigbusiness  I ended up in bed at 3am lol  Maybe i shoulda stayed!
I hate being questioned! But I think im in the dog house  I think she gonna take the badge for today. Maybe I'll do whatever she wants!
@CaityPineapple I don't know   She'll be homeless on the streetz. Maybe we can take her under our wing?
I miss my phone  Why are everyone's phones breaking all of a sudden? Maybe the phone companies do this on purpose.......
Maybe it's not time yet.  i dunno when... Maybe, not anymore.. The eff.
@bigedude33 Aww, that sucks.  Maybe you should take a nap?
if anyone asks, no I'm not okay and I am currently feeling every negative emotion except anger. Maybe anger a little. 
@JeffMitchell  Perhaps we need em more often!  LOL
@doctorquincy - 3 yrs of trying open didnt work after 20yrs of monogomy. Maybe if that is the basis from the start, who knows....... 
@pam_s http://twitpic.com/2wqzp - Maybe because it looks communist? 
@nailmusic I don't know if I've made music yet today but I've done 30 minutes of scales. Maybe ill get to music soon haha 
@akgcandlefish aww that sucks! Maybe you should meet me @ dunkin d's for company while grading 
@mkenney Whats your story?  Maybe he was just a nicer driver.  
@themanwhofell funny! Maybe your mobile isn't insane... just hungry for Chinese 
@SarahAmaris Maybe we could just slit the difference 
@cara_mel97 She can survive anywhere!! Maybe some culture shock tho - 
@kristenstewart9 Would love to chat with you but i can't find you yet. Maybe you have to verify the username first. You're so sweet. 
going to enjoy the sunshine today!  Maybe garden a bit 
@GILLIANSKI I'm so sorry. Maybe you should try to ski today. I'm going to cubs game. 70 degrees here. 
Wishing I could ride my new mountain bike.  Maybe I will drink some milk and that will help the  bones heal faster. 
I'm still sitting here. Maybe I'll go get some air, I seriously need help, my life is almost as cluttered as my room! 
@JoeCrummey Maybe if you tell the waiter you're with her, she'll pick up the tab 
[Laralyn] Maybe we'll flag a few more people tonight... so check your email! 
@meanwiyl I know! You'll be there, right?  And what did this guy do on her show? I&quot;m curious. And sleepy. Maybe we can IM tomorrow? 
@TheDebster same here. Maybe something is up. I have 124 new twitted emails for followers on our other twitter acounts though 
@BoffleSpoffle Maybe that will be my birthday present to myself. Obviously I'm getting old if I'm giving myself kitchen appliances! 
@lazygekko hmmm true. Maybe it should be armed with a chav repellant spray triggered by poor grammar and grunting 
@LadyLuu Maybe you just FAIL!!! 
Watching experimental films all night has inspired me! Maybe I will make one about jellyfish 
Haha, I'm getting a lot of comments on voice.fi. Maybe I should start making some more relevant news. 
@p_stampy Maybe you should use it then...  Rather then the wall? 
Going to grandmas today. Its her birthday haha. Maybe take twilight? It'll give me something to do 
food was delicious  did I mention that ?  I am getting all sleepy. Maybe I`ll go out shooting some pictures later when light is better.
@bslash music sounds great! Maybe that  p90x helps with guitar playing and vocals as well 
@mmangen We had plenty of food!  Maybe next time!!! 
So u live u learn. Maybe meeting an ex for a dinner meeting is not the best idea there is always a reason one is an ex. But free meal 
@brucebski  I've done that in the past, but have felt so weird doing it. Maybe it's time to do it again 
@JimAlger don't be pissed... Maybe it will be all better in the morning 
@cathybaron that's not good. Maybe a little too excited then 
@Aussiemandias Perhaps geneticists should be given free-rein then  I'll order gills, flippers and sonar communication please!
Thinking about yoga courses.  There is too much stress in my life. Maybe yoga will help?
@sriedel lol, nice.   The witch scared the crap out of me, so I avoided her like the plague.  Perhaps now I can handle her. ;)
A good nights sleep and a good workout this morning...Maybe work won't suck today.  
@rerkaizen vi@tubilino - Maybe tomorrow I'll be able to spend more time here. Not today.  ? http://blip.fm/~4mwmi
I'm a little hungry. Maybe some food and some dns updates are in order 
@jbane09 yes!  Maybe I learned something after 3 kids...or I just happened to turn on my &quot;listening ears&quot; at the right time. 
obsessed? you think I am obsessed? Maybe it would be fun to get a new opinion 
@ajvan no worries! Maybe next time! 
Man! I am hungry! Maybe I'll treat myself to some earlier than normal breakfast. 
@Caseem Maybe you will like our game better. 
so bored!! Maybe it's time to turn on my computer since thursday.. 
@SarahWV I didn't see you here. Maybe that's what was wrong 
@rlbates You are an inspiration. Maybe I will go out in the rain as well. 
@don_iain Maybe one day we will get there ... 
@iappreciateorg  I'll put you down as Maybe.
I just walked around my silent house in boxers and tee. It felt s relaxing.  I should do it more often. Maybe when I'm not alone ;) *hehe*
@curlsdiva  I've always wanted to look at my family history. Maybe when I retire...
@audaciousgloop hm... I usually stick to one format at a time... Maybe when  I get the chance I can seriously experiment - should be fun! 
Only 30 more people need to follow me, then I'll reach 1:1 ratio  Maybe I should give away something to my 1st &quot;real&quot; fan?
@FreshPlastic Maybe she wants to give you some H1N1 
Just got up  we fell asleep at 4. Maybe going swimming today 
@nicole_honey No, I really don't like the sun. Maybe I should live there! 
At grandparents house. Maybe shopping later.  
@twanvanelk I can see why. Maybe I should give it a second chance later but now I'm just not in the mood for that 
In a very romantic mood today. Maybe b/c I have a wonderful week in L.A. coming up 2morrow....... 
@coreyfreeman patience my dear.  Maybe I can show tomorrow....hrmmm.
@QTpink Lol. That would be acceptable. Maybe you should concentrate on the last name sine you're been writing the first one for a while. 
@semicaustic YAY!! Maybe that's what I need too... one good stress free relaxing night 
@jenniepotpie Have at! Perhaps give a footnote, where appropriate. 
@xxsabina Haha yeah  Maybe on of or parents could give us a ride.
@DavidArchie Maybe you can take a recorder with you around, so when you can record those new melodies that you've came up with in yr head 
@purely_distel Maybe u have natural ability for languages  I envy u on that !!
Running errands with my little man. Maybe he won't act like a 3 year old today. 
feels great after solving a minor but long term problem with 3ds max just now!  Maybe I should try animating the avatar after all? xD
Sitting waiting for dough to rise. There's something about it that calms me down. Maybe the knowledge that I'll have cinnamon rolls soon  
@JanetRoper  Indeed. Maybe somebody needs a new cat. 
@Krrrrsty didnt know you were solo for the game tonight. We should have watched the game together. Maybe next time. 
@LeEyecandy hahaha. I think you're pretty far from me. Maybe next time though 
@lethebashar That would panic me a little!  Maybe you can read on an orbitron at the gym like I do...when all else fails?!?  
@tamij Where'd that ? come from? No pup for now. But certainly in the near future. Maybe a beagle. It depends. I do muss my fatboy. 
@GabrielSaporta heard you slutted it up! I'm totally jealz~ I missed it. Maybe next time! 
@timz_twitz lol...hiiii yourself. Maybe lay off the patron and down a bottle of water! 
@sharkara dunno. Maybe the flu. I feel a bitbetter now. 
@doodlebug23 Thanks  Maybe I should keep it...
@RobynsWorld I can imagine that it's hard for your mom to see her mother that way. Maybe she just wants to celebrate her own motherhood. 
@wtexassweetie: sounds like bull sh*t to me... Maybe don't go there anymore until they're REALLY there 4 him.    brandi
@pnkrcklibrarian That's wonderful to hear!  Maybe @cinnamonclouds can kidnap you and take you a concert? 
I had forgotten just how lovely Loratabs are when in pain. Maybe sleep will be in my cards tonight. 
Heading back to my place...a little hungry. Maybe I'll stop for some milk &amp; have some cereal 
@PushPlayCJ I couldn't make the chat. Maybe next time! 
@MayerHawthorne LOL...I &lt;3 Maybe so, maybe no? Banish it not, for it stimulates the release of endorphins which gets me through the day 
@gandalfar no worries, I'll be there. Maybe I'll do some presentation also 
@Veronikrump: Perhaps, but I don't have your lovely relaxed nature or your patience 
I need to clean my desk. Perhaps it will help me organize my mind 
@jennybee You'd have to ask the wag with the marker pen who defaced the menu  Perhaps any frozen wooly mammary mammal?
@thisiskristin it's been 90 here and going to be over 100 this weekend! I miss the rain! Perhaps a move wouldn't be so bad... 
i want to paint my room. Maybe certain shades of orange &amp; yellow. Or yellow &amp; blue like the south of france  hmmm
Just discovered via tweetstats.com that I've made 118 &quot;twooshes&quot; since I went online with this account. Maybe 119 if I do this one right. 
@xoMusicLoverxo I guess sleep can't wait for you... Goodnight, J.  I might sleep soon as well. Maybe. Or write. Maybe.
@RunwayJ I definitely wanted to go to the beach today, but had to check out my residents and finish editing  Maybe next week 
@kidOhri xD yes thats true. Maybe I buy the soundtrack too..well we'll see ..and I also can't wait to see the vid for the song 
The second performance of dark materials is as good as the first, and as long! Perhaps three shows instead of two are needed!  #fb
@ictjennifer Looked like police were enjoying their tough-guy roles, in groups of 4, black T-shirts, arms folded, stern. Maybe it worked  
@billsimpson19 good ? Maybe an elephant head? They have good memories 
@ReeRich You know you like the snow!  Maybe just the soft white windless kind that gently floats to the ground, but you know you like it 
The quality of my reeds does not represent my value as a person. Maybe not, but the good reeds make me a happier person.   #oboe #music
@ItsBooO Maybe we should arrange ourselves a gottagettoTOPSHOP.com 
Two hours untill my mom gets home.  Maybe I'll actually get to drink something tomorrow! 
@sarabethbrooks Wow, I've felt THREE now in the just about two years I've been here   Maybe you're less sensitive to vibration? =P
Entering into a hectic week with training and strategy sessions with my client every day. Maybe it's time to write a book soon 
@MusicGroupie03 Maybe @ChuckMetcalf just meant that he wants you to do something that makes you happy, instead of worrying about WoW. 
But I've done it when I was little, but they need to pay me. haha! Maybe I was 6 or 7 then..  
@SilknPearls Thanks for telling me  I'm going to try w/ Tweetchat next time. Maybe that'll make things easier. lol Everyone was so nice.
@okonetchnikov As a developer: no. But for daily home use I'll surely consider w7 when upgrading my nb. Maybe I just want something new 
@LaLeigh you are an answer to prayer my friend!!!! Maybe a dry pair of jeans as well or am I pushing it there a bit? 
Gooood weekend  Gooood night&lt;3 Maybe i'll get my piercing tomorrow 
@NannaFurtado LOL. I can't answer that. Maybe it may be a bonus track, or maybe not. 
Looking forward to 4 days off and going to angels and demons with marianne  Maybe we'll even have a bbq if the wheather holds
@williamzhuohong for running shoes or... ? 77th street seems to offer a variety of laces including fanciful 1s. Maybe can check it out. 
My house still smells of paint. Maybe I should work at the coffee shop today 
Oh, and I'm glad that 100 people are following me. Maybe I'll be an e-celebrity after all, though there are robots &amp; aliens. Thanks. 
@fastchicken now you're just being cheeky. Maybe your tastebuds need practice  rotten corks don't happen very often.
@albyj How you finding the iphone? Maybe time to supply the staff with one each to keep moodle up to date 
@miomoe lol who knows? Maybe I did? At least that's over with. 
@AsianMartin I guess i should have said it made the v6 not an option for me,  i must have the v8. Maybe they'll bring the Z28 back. 
I hate being sick in school. Maybe ill go home early 
@moylanmaria You will get the hang of it!  Maybe you should free your tweets though - let the world see them!
@IvyBean104 Maybe we followers could pool our money and get you a laptop of your own. 
@EmrysTetu maybe soon it will peek it's head out. Maybe even today? 
The &quot;realkanye&quot; just started following me. I wonder what caused that? Perhaps he is a big slipknot or paramore fan? 
@rulala It's only been 60 minutes.  Maybe I'll be bored with it later.  We're just doing histo now...stay tuned 
@teal64 Hugely essential.  Maybe if everyone who follows me donates $10 ... 
@usagi429 Lol, thanks for your interest. Maybe once the show is aired on a network, they will put episodes online. 
@vactress http://bit.ly/cADea  Maybe this is more you 
Somehow managing to keep up with laundry and dishes. Maybe we are getting used to each other 
@piggyiling you also kena fire drill ah. Maybe hot then higher chance for fire 
@y0rkfiles Maybe another time bah. 
@Gertrudesteinjr Perhaps you will bump into that celebrity on the weekend 
@ErenMckay glad you are feeling much better.  Maybe you can throw me some of your renewed energy over here. 
Laying out on the deck, trying to get some color  Maybe beaching it later
@theelfyone You know, I thought the very same thing.  Maybe he can strike some serious geek poses. Now that would be a fun shoot 
@marwynne split the difference and walk the housework. Maybe you could loose it somewhere 
I need a vacation. Maybe I should just sneak off somewhere.. 
@JayneMcc Maybe they think you have potential.... 
Oh, i've discovered mobile twitter!  Maybe i'll actually tweet more than once a year 
Final total: 350! Maybe I'll make it to 380 tomorrow night! 
@taylorlehman27 yeah? Maybe this weekend I'll watch it 
I have class soon but don't want to go. Maybe I should have some more coffee 
I have been very quiet lately, which is a very good sign. Some new stuff and brew reviews? Maybe. 
@TwilightofDoom yes, it was a sad day. Maybe a little hp netbook 
But for right now, I'm going to sleep. Maybe I'll wake up early and have extra time to do stuff  probably going to the movies tomorrow btw
@GusF Perhaps a photowalk some day.... I'm camera jealous/envious 
@HockeyRocker People dig the accent? Maybe the like being reminded why we declared our independence? 
This phone really sucks. Anyways.. Need somethin to do for tomorrow. Maybe go hit on random chicks  raging hormones will make u do that!
@tahitianmom Saying I've been exclusionary lately? Maybe. 
@crowfer bake huh? Maybe u can help me 
@MissxMarisa Maybe you're mature, and we are all immature.. 
@jjamieee Are you still wearing the overalls? Maybe its that 
@n1k0 intl, I like that. Maybe @fabpot we'll have complimentary access sinc ewe are rooting for you guys over #drupal. 
