Most common words for this cluster:
[('meeting', 360), ('meetings', 63), ('presentation', 50), ('forum', 44), ('session', 34), ('board', 33), ('conference', 32), ('today', 25), ('day', 24), ('u', 19), ('vote', 18), ('amp', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'meeting', 0.924538791179657), (u'meetings', 0.7498996257781982), (u'Meeting', 0.6716824173927307), (u'meeeting', 0.6526904702186584), (u'forum', 0.645399272441864), (u'roundtable', 0.633690595626831), (u'meeing', 0.6190210580825806), (u'session', 0.612522304058075), (u'conference', 0.611880898475647), (u'worksession', 0.6063645482063293)]





@enterbelladonna i dunno how to use the forum and i get frustrated with it. i'll miss talking to you on here. 
traffic not as bad as normal, so super early for meeting 
Early morning meetings 
in work early for team meeting but forgot my lunch 
still in the business plan meeting.. Too many back to back presentations 
meetings aren't always boring, but I wonder why I m always sleepy towards the close 
Just has the worst presentation ever! 
In another boring meeting 
@MissIgs been too many meetings since 12:30  AAHH!
just preparing ofr group discussion utterly boring task 
I am going to have to get up early to finish working on my presentation! so much still to do 
@yeahboyandsarah i am so jealous you are a member of itleaked 
errands-induction-meeting-meeting-homework...      this is depressing
@cultureshockmag is sad  n it makes me sad &amp; @colinmunroe didn't come I was excited about meeting u! @waledc cracked on my carpal tunnel
on my way to philadelphia for a single meeting 
I can't believe I overslept! And missed my breakfast meeting! It's cold &amp; grey &amp; a perfection expression of my disappointment. 
Now that I'm showered and more awake I am more cheerful! Only two more meetings before I leave 
@tehroxie ah yush they would  And if they would have been taken after the race they could be having an angst-club meeting lol
about to give a presentation.....that is about to be removed from the agenda 
i am not looking forward to this ww meeting, i have not been a good dieter this week 
I'm doing my task for presentation... 
is actually quite nervous about meeting the germans, what if they dont like me 
The sun is shining. The birds are singing, and I'm off to a funding meeting 
I don't quite like what I am seeing and hearing 
@stevecs nice and shaded in a conference room where I am. death by powerpoint presentation today  it's sunny outside though
@brittanytastic it used to be fun now its just an excuse to bitch and hate, like every other forum 
working on my biochem seminar presentation 
presentation was bad.. 
Walking to a meeting.. F***ing late customers. 
Glorious morning....and I'm going to be in a meeting during most of it 
uni today...which in turn means law society committee meeting...how dreadully dull 
shame on me, the midnight society had its meeting without me 
rats, the director i was hoping to meet (been trying to catch him the last 3 times I've been here) had to pull out of our meeting 
meetings to meetings...soo lil' timee still too much to do!! pheww 
lotus notes sucks! just spent an hour scheduling/rescheduling a meeting.. 
Just came out of a really long meeting , plus i almost fell of to sleep 
Its Meeting time on a saturday...then have 2 take my hubby 2 the airport 
Staff meeting...  I hate my life right now.. 
@SexyKellyC the meeting has been going on for hours 
@WatariGoro i am too tired...had a after meeting after the meeting and no one waited up for me when  i came home , not even the doggie 
I just want to live in the present  
I hate family gatherings 
tomorrow is going to be a long day, meetings, uni, meetings and a financial maangement assignment 
Last nite of conference.  whhhhyyyyyy!!!!!!!
Recording session wasa bomb. Computer stopped working. 
finished breakfast and starting to prepare this stupid presentation 
Off to Beccys LAST UKYPAG Meeting  *sob*
heid Faaade Session 
I wish I could be at the Zine Symposium 
i'm exhausted!! off to a meeting 
Still can't believe i saw and met the used live! I'm really sick as is leigh 
so, what i'm hearing is true? the forum is no more? 
...just got out of  the YBMent meeting. about to start studying...ughh!! 
Last meeting of my life 
How long does it take to set up a forum?  Ages 
@paperboyfabe i want an invite into your live session 
totally distracted .. I'll never get this presentation done 
is still stuck in the ccordination meeting  wish to be home by 9..
we just had a very very late dinner I have so much work and an early morning stupid group meeting 
Stevenage look destined for another season in the Conference       But it ain't over till the fat lady sings...hope springs eternal...
there is always one more meeting... 
@CateP36 What was your present that didn't work??  
i keep hearing about this convention but who can go? 
I went to a Martial Arts Seminar yesterday I'm in absolute agony my body is hurting all over 
band meeting in half an hour... 
meeting up with dear to go changi airport... flying off again....   haiz...
board ... i want to go out 
@NikkiReagan do you mean like setup forum a b and c with forum manager? nope, I don't believe so 
had stand-up meeting for one hr !! 
Its early in the morning, first thing at five was to recognize that a meeting has been cancelled - so I cancelled my flight as well 
meeting, meeting, meeting all the day long 
nooooooooooo dont want a 3 hour meeting! 
ah... i still need to do a capacity analysis for my 10am meeting... 
@Descending That beats the talks/presentations I had to give at uni 
agh. late for meeting 
I do not feel like going to this meeting. 
Waiting for work meeting to start. I am so bored  I should find something to do during these meetings other than update my calendar XD
arghhh the forum is down 
check forum out now what you think of theme ? http://ja6636.com/forum/   I need a banner for it tho 
another meeting in the morning?! 
I prepare presentation about tuberculosis 
w00t I got a 94   the teacher liked what I said in the forum but scolded me for slacking on the subject   I need to step it up 
Seminar in a stuffy room in Genoa, while its bautiful and sunny outside 
@mike92x why weren't you in summit?  i had a surprise for you
meeting and work til 6  go rockets
still in meeting 
is still sore after Saturdays training session! 
sitting in a really boring team meeting 
in a long planning meeting zzz 
wish my manager would come out her meeting 
At work. I refuse to actually do any work before 9am since I don't have much to do right now. Meeting at 12. Class at 6! 
So hate the 1st day back to work after a couple off! Meetings, meetings, meetings 
Just got off the meeting, will be working late today 
sitting through pre-press seminar......i' about to fall asleep. 
is doing the meeting dance...all day. 
@htwaijry I have feeling that the nuggets will the western conference 
World record of lack of twiiter update... &gt;30 days!    I will try to be more present. Today I'll have meetings... meetings... and classes.
Sitting in a bid-writing workshop, completely out of my depth 
@tbarthelet One more meeting I miss  How is there?
at some dumb band meeting 
@rpgaddicted He doesn't listen to me.  Hans has selective hearing. 
@leesabarnes when is the audio from your session yesterday going to be made available? I had a last minute meeting monopolize my time 
Trying to find the presser about Jarmons incident. 
Lunch meeting ongoing.  sigh.
snapped my board  getting a new one tomorow!
@mileycyrus I don't know how you guys deal with them. they bug me just by hearing about it. 
@marymymary i tried &quot;geraldgsantos&quot;, but my vote is still rejected! 
I need to fix my met 
@BijanStacks for a meeting 
meeting..meeting...god knows when will this get over 
Another boring meeting to attend 
working on my oral presentation and upset.........  
in a meeting discussion colour of bikeshed 
I am totally knackered and back in the meeting 
@mylivetweets where were u?  (via @evregirl) - Meetings...
Speaking,,,Speaking ... 
Really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period 
gah! didn't realize my meeting was from 9-12 
Still in meeting... I want some coffee right now cuz I didn't sleep well 
pulled from interesting meeting to an urgent support request 
@jzwack took my forum access away   fail.
Lunch, club meeting, effin bored 
@debby41 Your not alone im gutted i missed the convention too! 
@asco will the presentations be available online during the meeting?  The poster discussants are going so fast I can't write fast enough 
@toee speaking of meeting people, do you have them photos of us and oli? i lost them 
I also found out that it's also my last youth group meeting 
@soxdeepinstatic  i know, i would've liked to have been able to play with you all spring semester  meeting was good, just an introduction
slept in this morning and totally forgot she had a staff meeting... oops 
@avidbookreader Macmillans was in a meeting room, they didn't have the booth like I thought and meeting room was meetings only 
has a staff meeting tomorrow at nine 
band meeting canceled 
I should probably proofread my tweets before posting them. What I mean't was the man. Speaking of man, I miss mine 
@AGM13 he's not here   only on my computer screen..
@LoveToHate yes right in the middle of a good discussion... 
So sleepy that I feel reluctant to show up at a meeting. But I should 
feeling veryy awkward....it was a cold or very bitter meeting 
@tabtastic I wish starting a make out session was that easy 
off to my charity meeting - hopef to be back in time for kick off, but unlikely 
is reading up on the asylm convention as i was unsble to get there 
going to a meeting then showering then working until 5  I wish I could get a tan today
Finally Got A present But I doubt He'll Like it 
Ahhh god sooo nervous. Last meet ever 
Missed my daily walk....these meetings really ask too much 
2 meetings on monday  5 papers to read :'(
@spongeproject community police should be able to have a word, but nothing can be done legally. Council have limited resources. 
@rtkeeler completely agree! So many great sessions, just can't make it to all of them 
@HappyHousewife I'm working on quitting. But have to create a whole member-based/forum website first. 
i think it's back to the drawing board :/ 
i so wish i was at the supernatural convention right now 
preparing hegel presentation instead of going out, dang 
@tonyhawk  The board is gone tony. I dont see it anywhere 
@astrazombie   me and punchy are happy to have had the honor of meeting him
@Spitphyre @punkpolkadots @shaaqT @unitechy I will keel you all  I'm missing u all, and ur meeting without me. *sobs inconsolably*
@3eb_official it was awesome meeting you at the acoustic session too bad i got sick and couldn't make it to the show. 
@mileycyrus i cant vote, and i dont know why 
working on my oral presentation for english 
yep, meeting with a lawyer on whitsunday 
@herrodius my first look was springactionscript,but I failed.posted in forum but no results  love to run on it,if you can help me out
just back from the serious all day meeting 
In a meeting.  I wanna go hoooooome
Sitting in the Q &amp; A session makes me realize how bad my hearing loss is. 
@krystaa_ ugh, i need a board. 
@Dannymcfly DAAAANNY, i had the coolest present ever for you and i couldnt give it to you    http://twitpic.com/6cebm
@Dannymcfly DAAAANNY, i had the coolest present ever for you and i couldnt give it to you  http://twitpic.com/6cebm you'd come back to rio
@missinmanoa hey i so totally missed meeting you at little oven on thurs~ 
I hate presentations 
@JesseMcCartney all the good seats are taken  will you be having a meet and greet?
going to a softball meeting ughers, 
i'm board...i don't know what to do 
preparing for presentation - not happy 
Just got in from meeting a very strange person 
@vote_sameh it said that it couldnt find you 
Awww, @bsangel's forum isn't responding... 
@LRuffles I know  I tried to call you to find out where you were but figured you had no reception
@shellistevens I think I'm in denial, as I haven't accomplished much of what I'd wanted to by the conference. 
The meet is over. But now I don't know if I want it to be 
@MailmanChris you are going to save me a vote, aren't you? I won't be at the commentary. 
Waiting for our turn for presentation.so sleeeppppyyyyy 
reading creative brief for meeting in 20 mins. Mondays. 
well, thats another un-eventful meeting over 
meeting on campus this afternoon...nothing like a 2 quarter break to make you dread work. I totally miss teaching...it is the meetings 
If mollie was here, she would be sitting next to me in public speaking, keeping me awake 
I'm watching press conference but it's in French 
Up getting ready for staff meeting 
One meeting down.....6 more to go 
I must say that #IGTCloud summit was less interesting than the previous one 
poking my eyes out at this pointless meeting!!! 
I wish I posted on the forum more. instead I just lurk. /fail 
@csamuels @professorkim  I'm not at conference.  
A glorious evening, and I've got to get ready for a Parish Council meeting tonight 
All day meeting makes me sleepy 
in a meeting. So no #musicmonday for an hour  I love meetings soooooo much NOT!
Meetings are like mold. Some are harmless and some are insidious and deadly 
Tidyup my room for tomorrow... But I wish she will forget the meeting 
been up since 6!! met paolo nutini! ahhh! so tired now! 
just about to go to a meeting 
I am utterly and complete;y exhausted.  I very much wish I could miss my church meeting this evening, though, no doubt, I will go.  
Last @ScrippsPRSSA meeting of the quarter! I'm going to miss the seniors 
didn't get my whole routine done. disappointing  but i'll be back after  my musicians guild meeting to work on it some more.
@alliejane but he's the only one who talks back to me 
@MEGhostHunters How was the meeting? So sorry again I couldn't make it. 
is cramming for a pitch presentation.  http://plurk.com/p/xqfi2
ugh... E3 live press conference tech difficulties fail. 
Looking for a running board..I'm so short! 
@Reaprar I know exactly how you feel... Ubisofts conference was the worst ever 
@majornelson game session is full  disappointing
@JonathanRKnight meeting u guys would definitely boost me up with this depression and all but I don't see that happening 
@jbitt856 got me all depressed during today's guild meeting 
Finished meeting, running back to office for lunch...so damn hungry 
Off to a meeting to discuss duo branding now, I cant make it look less than clunky myself and need to seek expert advice 
@CatatonicCat your meeting ends at 4??? it's only 10:30!! 
gosh, I am trying to restore whole forum!!! unfortunately, not so successful 
council meeting, so early 
In a meeting... 
conference calls all morning... yay  
one more day of meetings until no meeting day, already full of meetings 
Pissed off since I'm missing e3 nintendo press conference 
back at my desk after practically a whole day of meetings/interviews/conf calls 
Arrrrgggg this is taking forever! If I hadn't had that giant meeting earlier I could've left by now. 
no1 talks  to me it makes me sad 
Missing my farm meeting 
@molliemorgan you missed your shutterbuds club meeting tonight...i know you're sad 
Having editorial meeting with a runny nose. 
wished i could have made it to the refresh meeting tonight. i generally can't make evening events without at least a weeks notice 
last hall meeting 
@xomendi22 i hate him and i soooo regret meeting him yeah 
waiting for the big meeting 
class meeting... don't wanna go... 
Pretty much in constant meetings now until half one... 
Meeting a new strategic partner this morning. Meeting planned for over a week...... They're late 
At work..... Meeting  sooo bored (
3 Meetings to go! 
#e4mconclave could have to rush back to office for a meeting, will be missing two panel discussions 
rrrggghh.. afternoon meeting and soo hard to get everybody ontime.. 
annoyed that my lunchbreak will be cancelled due to a f*** meeting 
Not prepared presentation 
in a meeting series... 
T.I.R.E.D.  whatever... Meeting V. today, but I'm nervous. Dunno how to speak with her. I missed her -  really! - but I dunno... weired...
This meeting is going to be brutal 
@SallyTraffic almost dozed off in the last presentation and the next one is even duller! 
@aliasgrace Me too. And I have to chair the staff meeting!  I want to hide at my desk.
@nadinee17 yung meeting. anywho, casual clothes ba bukas?? 
http://twitpic.com/6j4ao - lunch with @sweatlee today. @fourfeetnineaud had to run off early for a meeting 
back again ... was in a meeting 
Weekly department meetings are 
@kdc I was looking forward to meeting you at @WordCampChicago 
@samantharosario I wanna goooo!!!  have a meeting right now though would ya believe??
@shellistevens I'm not going to the meeting, and it's one I really would love to attend, too. But too much going on. 
Another 11am meeting, Lunch, 1pm meeting. Another day disrupted by meetings 
@jumonsmapes GAH! I was going to go to the seminar and I completely slept through 
off to meetings! 
In hour 2 of a 3 hour meeting  
@kimtown Tried to sign up for the forum for this but never got approved 
No stream for the round table discussion?  #ttix
what is wrong with tweeterwall?? it's not counting my vote for @DavidArchie  
@BobbyBucks I'm crazzy late on the response, but glad it went well 4 u (meeting) As 4 me I'm currently @ work...soo ready 2 go home. 
Okayyy--productive teen library board mtg, but where the &amp;*^$ were half of them???  They're usually so good at giving a heads-up! 
@sheem166 verizon AT&amp;T has no reception. where I live.so sad 
i'm already sad about senior meeting  i'm determined not to cry.
Going to clean up the workshop 
@MariahDaily where are you mariah daily? have u met your doom?  fufufu
felt faint while shopping this afternoon. =X But feeling much better though I'm going to have to miss the District Conference 
@siddharthn210: My kgp mobile is switched on - u contact me on it - though i think our chances of meeting appear to be slim 
Waiting to board. 
stressing about my presentation 
@maltesk As national representative for the Netherlands I'm quite ashamed  
It's raining.  // Meeting some friends, later i gonna go bowling.
I am so hungry, meeting a friend for breakfast at 10:30  I hope I can hold out till then. 
i dont want to go to the meeting OR practice today. 
watching meet theparents alone 
dammit, not going to be able to make it to the hackerspace meeting 
Last Breakout of the conference. 
is very confused planning all the meetup sessions for projectwork 
@KrinaR come back to the forum 
@30SECONDSTOMARS ready for the French Summit. but so sad you won't be there  love you xx
Seems like a bomb scare was given for The Forum, it has been a ghost town for the last two days with customers far and few between 
O The Forum...beautiful memories there  especially @ the movie theatre, target &amp; borders
Why is it the only wwdc sessions I really want to attend are during other sessions I really want to attend?! iokit and kext sessions 
@DaLovelyLadyJ gosh it took you long enough... I would have been board! I can't lie I'm board too! 
@NickHexum you guys should have done the autograph session! 
Social gatherings/events are BORING. 
@ShystieUK sorry I fell asleep  I'm sowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwi I tried!! M.K's filthy talks wore me out :-|
up for the vote 
@Nightwyrm was at a committee meeting 
Really horrible that she needs to go to her religious meeting 
Wishing you ppl who are still in the area came to Summit! I miss you! 
@x0me880x I WILL cry hearing that song! 
Long staff meetings without food suck. 
I wish i could have spent the day with @devontebrown , short meeting was too short 
@BambiLovedoll god damn you always pissing on my parade  what's the meeting tomorrow?
@Chimmy10  i miss the expo!
Just ready to prepare agenda next week, no more issues and important event  do you suggest some one?
I don't want to go to this stupid meeting at publix tonight 
i'm cringing at yasmina's presentation 
bed calls, so looking forward to mini lie-in tomorrow.... shame its to head to social services intervention meeting though 
@allyhulton don't  about that, no girl should endure meeting @stustone.
I'm off! Meeting time! YAY! 
hearing about the war makes me sad ans uneasy 
Waiting for the seminar  to start.I'm starving!! 
meeting with gb concerning spn-21 assessments..no break for me 
i just screwed my presentation 
Racing to meeting. Already 4mins late 
almost died while preparing the presentation... 
'como quisiera....q' tu vivieras.' ugh, this jam session started happy, and now...not so much. 
@lonewolfoftexas Thats what it says in the forum, they didn't have 'tea ninja' 
writing a presentation for a conference i can't attend. and i was even appointed as a chair of a section 
@XStitchmagazine Wish I could get away with that! We have a glass meeting tble 
@XStitchmagazine Wish I could get away with that! We have a glass meeting table 
UGH!!!! I hate boring azz meetings 
just participated (at least physically) in another meaningless meeting. 
i am upset i'm not in london meeting jobros 
staff meeting, then visitation, sunburn stills hurts 
just joined my last dept meeting before we're officially disbanded  &amp; verified my mute works - yay!
Preparing some presentations... I hate doing presentations 
Development has been halted due to meetings and components missing on the board 
In the worlds most boring meeting ever!!! 
@ddlovato i cant vote  and i dont know why...
@LowFemme I know, I wish you could come to my gathering 
I really hate mgr meetings 
still preparing for tomorrows presentation 
........and give a presentation 
@colaborlando and I'll have to miss that tweetup, I have a client meeting in that timeslot 
would like to be at the wired biz conference 
@vote_sameh aw  i hate waiting
Still not happy about the 8am cancelled meeting I came in for 
@irebastian the delegates are here!!!!! 
back in a greencab enroute to airport. meetings went well today but looking forward to getting home even though ther is a meeting there 
I should prepare a presentation but I don't know how long I'm supposed to give a talk... So, I'm doing nothing for the presentation yet. 
i am now doing minutes for a meeting, I forgot what's the format 
I'm sad.. I realize I put on a front... But I miss having a relationship and hearing, I love u 
fed up of staff meetings! 
@roccoreedxxx convention 
Just out of an almost 2 hours long unscheduled meeting 
@jlyn_dredcarpet  joss you didnt even say bye when you left  the meeting!
@iamsemmi I can't get onto the board either Semmi. 
@highdigi heading in shortly a meeting 
oh no, he's join the meeting 
@cybrum #socialmediacurry gutted i can't make it after all . I have a school governing body meeting that I have to go to  
@martinsaunders  depends who else is in the meeting .. apparently .. not acceptable ..    probably wouldn't be for me either
So many people are drunk tweeting! Speaking of drunk, @up2themic I wish you were with me right now tooooo 
is off to the park for the last marketing meeting with @rickjones501 
PLEASE makes toady's meeting peaceful  #iranelection
never been so frustrated after a meeting 
@missmusze Silawny..did u see the board isn't working? 
@cgorman yikes, 9am meeting - won't be able to make that 
Boring meetings. I miss you all 
i had to run out on my presentation to puke. that was embarrassing  chem now
The #RayV live steam #140conf is not working. I hope that I will be able to view the presentation reruns somewhere.... 
Unfortunately I'm sitting in a dry ass meeting right now.... 
@nataliemccallum asif u have guestlist  u met them
All day meeting.....  
got headache after meeting 
is jelious that @nataliemccallum met @thescript 
@drakoboy u know, is not nice to tease me with aderall talks. I don't have a contact over here that can get me that 
I'm not ready to do the meet setup without K!! 
back to the all day meeting 
board and lonely, 
lost it in a meeting today. snapped. got a thrashing by boss 
Going to a meeting w/ dean mardis! So excited! Not really dressed for the equation since didn't have my car or time to pack yesterday. 
@johnaggs oh no, did you have a bad workshop? 
@fkenmo members only! 
At work... Meeting tonight but I'm kinda out of it today 
Staff meeting starts in 10 
@AnaM910 you should've told me, i would've met you there 
workshop 
is being drug to a republican commitee meeting against her will 
This seminar on war was packed. I couldn't get in. 
my board snapped 
I wish I was going to convocation... 
@taylorswift13 but i think you can only text in your vote if you have verizon?  i have at&amp;t.
Holy crap!  As if sleeping in for work wasn't  bad enough, I just slept in...missing my condo board meeting. How embarrassing! 
The presentation didn't start yet 
out for meeting 
@jackwood89 do u think i should block them too?i.am.confused  wow..more presentation?why your teacher loves presentation so much?lol
presentations, presentations and more of them...where? where? where is the end? 
so bummed.  nicky's still in the lab readying his presentation for the convention in switzerland.  i won't see him for 2 more weeks.  
working late tonight, not gonna make it to the #augbe meeting 
are suffering more than their fair share of meeting cancellations and postponements this week 
meeting. Waiting for participants. Once again. Even organizer didn't show up so far 
@sjkadri i'm sorryyyyyyyyyy  when will we meet sasj?
I hate doing presentation 
in a newsroom meeting, dying for caffiene! 
overslept and missed all my lessons, lectures and meetings which all just happen to be today 
is doing my oral com presentation. busy much  http://plurk.com/p/11ld7r
@mattlingard sound too poor. jumped to another session 
off to a meeting!  
stuck in an extremely boooorrringgg conference 
In a  two hour meeting 
@newmediajim so bummed I am missing your panel 
Meetings from 11 to 1 make me sad. 
There ought to be a law against 8:30am Committee Meetings 
won't be able to attend the @londonhackspace meeting tonight  damn you literature review!
Still in a bloody meeting..can't believe this 
Going to college for another timepass meeting 
also in that meeting i think i might have said 'well yeh you know' a bit too much  why?
hellfest cancelled... conference on embedded systems instead... they call it the 'embedded systems lunch'... 
so much to do today and i woke up late  class and group project meetings all afternoon. wish me luck!
Meetings changed my mind 
@hansy_k I just went!! But the lineup is long and I have a meeting at 12  lol
@jibone it's not a public event, more of an internal workshop for a big communications company. and i'm flying in and out on the same day 
I m going to a meeting brb 
Note to self. Put meetings on calendar or you will forget. 
Emergencies in the office all morning. Meetings, meetings, and no blogs 
brix was pumping! meeting early tomorrow so bed with no company tonight 
In wrap up meeting, bored 
@andypiper No...the workshop was canceled. Not sure why it's still on the website. 
i am really board and have know boyfriend 
is off to bed... presentation 2morow 
@sixeightshuffle lol I didn't say I was actually going to do it. Just that I WANTED too!! hahahaha Speaking of which I have to go  love u
@JustinRoby pardon? you might need to speak up, my hearing seems to have been damaged... 
Off to a meeting...kinda scared 
just attended national instruments seminar.  nothing much being discussed.  just bunch sales presentations.  very disappointing 
ugh! i have a quick speech to give tonight. i hate public speaking. i hate speaking in general. u know how awkward it is to talk to me... 
Missed my ministry meeting 
I wish this gathering was inside. 
i hope to make it to my 930am meeting 
having a meeting with the couch. night starts here. left my book at work 
its very frustrating to know that morning meeting is canceled..all the care..alarms...sleep sacrifice that has been done go as waste 
so board 
Meetings..meetings..meetings..going in to the first one for today  catch u all later
@b50 am not. Conference room is occupied 
Morning ! Another meeting day starts at office 
Morning meetings 
@PhillyD I won't be able to do the vancouver meet up and i live not even 2 miles away! 
Off to a meeting...rather be outside enjoying the sunshine 
Already driving to work for an early meeting in rain 
@rickbanerjee @Rajvel missing those impromptu discussions 
@rickbanerjee @mprajvel missing those impromptu discussions 
toooo hot outside... working on my petroleum-presentation... 
@varunshridhar hectic.. meetings, presentations, bad coffee and headache...  
Waiting to be picked up from the office. Its already late, and I still have an early meeting tomorrow 
The presentation theme is taking sooooo long 
@WhichWich_Forum I tried to download the nutritional info from your website and it says the file is damaged.  
So, I passed my PRINCE2 Practitioners exam.. So want a fecken beer to celebrate, but can't cause if meetings and staff reviews 
More meetings 
@WhichWich_Forum yep... mac problem.    sorry.  got it.
meeting of doom has more doom today than normal 
Meeting for the sake of meeting. 
To work hard or to hardly work? -that is the question... oh wait, Board Meeting, I HAVE to work! 
@Laaurenx hate them, we didnt evan meet him 
Is sure you shouldnt use noises  to describe your career in a business meeting 
@frasernesbitt last trustee meeting ever! 
@PhillyGirl528 its too sunny out to take a meeting in a dungeon of a conference room as anything but farce 
Not happy with corporate meeting. 
@megarina99 Do i get a present? 
i miss the after meeting (free) lunches in the city. new mtg people do their own thing after the mtg. 
In a meeting 
I wish a Russian forum 
is off to bed, meeting at the dole the morrow 
#lrnchat tonight.! wish I could stay for the entire chat. may leave early for a community meeting 
I hvnt had my sleep!! Meeting up friends for project soon but my eyes are merely open 
full day of meetings + dinner meeting makes sona a briandead chica 
Does software development means meeting and meeting? 
@sHadAbaddEsT aww y u so board 
Waiting to board i miss neeko! 
@urbanbubbles haha...i memang no fate in meeting ppl in 1U one... 
@conorcaldwell I have another session left of them 
poor cal, did not recover as quick as me. wonder how his client meeting went this morning 
is a bit nervous about this meeting 
finalizing my minutes of weekly meeting 
i forgot about meeting up with a friend today 
@Jannex @yahay @piksels do we have a group meeting or something? none invited me  
Rotaract pre-convention is starting. Jealous. 
@CHIRPATRACH When r we next all meeting up? We need em n kate me n u to sort this out we never see each other n its making me sad 
no one invited me to enjoy staff meeting cake 
@ASKTechNetUK silverlight controls on teh conference presentations not always present. so no full screen or fastfwd/rvrse 
For an* 8 am meeting... So many typing errors.... told yall I was tired 
at a meeting  boring
way too many reports and meetings for one day...  off into another meeting
@fuz182 you need to be invited by a member-- and not all members get the privilege to invite new members. i dont get to, unfortunately. 
@FrancescaGuiou  I thought ibhad a present.
...Off day, but had a meeting. 
@laurenfisch let's pickup together if they don't deliver! I'm trying to make it to the picnic - meeting runs til 12 and will go late 
#inaperfectworld I would still be sleeping right now instead of awake &amp; having to go to a meeting. 
@JaredGlover cheers a little for me...just got notified of 5:15 staff meeting. i was supposed to leave at 3:30 today. 
studio session cancelled 
@DDUBFOPSGIRL I don't have good seats either  we got tix to late. I'm not even sure if there is a meet n greet, how can I find out?
94 members&lt;---------------might need to clean out some that don't login anymore! 
@theEMMYawards YES! But now I'm sad, cause I was looking forward to meeting you 
@BadAstronomer how do I listen live to Skeptically Speaking? I can't find the link 
@Kandiluv works ni mob, always on the move and in meetings  how are u?
Not excited for the morning meeting 
@BitchenFries I bet those are members only parties too  
@TTUNNELL wait.. I thought there were only two charter members.. this excludes me then, sadness.. 
needs help with meeting quota for work. 
my seminar for international relations didn't go through... i have to rewrite it almost whole 
I think german boardie meeting is cancelled 
@30SECONDSTOMARS I'd love to go to the Summit but I've got exams and I need to revise loads. 
@bradmcw My vote =   But that's just me!  ;-)
meeting them was great. wish they would stay longer 
@netmag why no more forum competitions? 
@davidcprice I wish I was going too but I've spent all my convention allowance. 
Even with 3G, still have crappy reception here in east beverly hills 
@mtkr What did she say at the 140 chars conf that you liked?  I missed most of that meeting somehow...  
@AbbyRo Speaking of blogs...been to yours lately? I finally got it redirected. I'm sorry if that zapped your blog mojo. 
 She's offline on The Forum.
i can hear ada and inman meeting 
scheduling conflict!  how can i add a class if the lecture is open, discussion is waitlisted, and they need to be added together?
I am soooo board 
 @warbo is off clubbing... must come over to sheffield sometime &amp; party but really probably shouldn't atm. a tech conference is a conf etc
@Widgetty wow!  I would LOVE for there to be somehwere here that only charged 12.50 for a session like that   we do have places in the us
@ddlovato ok so I totally agree! You probably have a better chance at meeting her than me. 
@arctic_penguin 700 people registered but they didn't come to the Summit. 
Having to get up in the morning for team meeting = Not happy!! 
@adrienne_bailon  @JulissaB &amp; i are having the private listening session w/o you~!!!!!  come over.....
last session of leadership academy    www.democraciausa.com
@barrettt95 lol u have baaad reception 
omgz  not going to IMATS was so much fun!!!11!!!one! i had so much fun NOT meeting any of you guys!  (lol)
Setting up for the meeting room interview sequence. Because of lack of $$, the dressing looks shoddy 
I haven't been on my forum much lately. sorry.  http://tysiphonehelp.com.forum
hearing this song at the bar makes me think of you 
Last exam tomorrow...but feeling bored...my friends are at Nasik enjoying Leadership Meeting...and I am sitting here ...Grrrrrrrrrrr 
made it to meetings. didn't make it to superchurch. need to lie down now. 
@madmlb dont delete it frame it! i wish i was a member 
Whats happening to the forum? 
@HHumes the forum is not working helen 
Whyy isnt the forum workingggg????? 
argh.. i miss the forum 
waiting for my meeting to start...  one hour to wait
The official JLS forum site isnt workiing  x When is it gunnar be working agaiin x
I can't do this presentation  I dont even know what im talking about!
working 10-7 then staff meeting ugh 
i solemly swear that i will never take the forum for granted 
@twittsted we plan on meeting her we have no 5*  as they sold out too fast, BUT we have 3rd row centre (pit)
never thought i would miss the forum so much 
Actually feels depressed needs the forum back 
wow let me board now. I want to leave  and @PPPPOKER_
@shach7  Been on a neverending stream of conference calls  and meetings. In fact, some of them were mtgs to set up MORE MEETINGS. 
this cough session will never end  will it? 
im missing a meeting! 
@kspidel in meetings since 4 - oddly most of them were on transit-related issues.  Now, I have to metro home.  
missed the UGNAYAN meeting again. 
a voice conference and a training session on performance management. All on about 3 hours sleep. 
preparing fu... boring presentation on spss 
i wish i was in nyc so i could go to @mjohnsmusic's meet &amp; greet. 
I love you, obama, but did you have to schedule a press conference during the price is right? 
Drink finished  When will this meeting be over?
business meeting not going as well as i anticipated. 
@sublimestitchin I want to go to your workshop but it's too expensive for me right now 
@FizzyDuck not a good week so far, do you know if terminal use of firearms in a meeting falls under a disciplinary offence  x
I misplaced my planner  I have all my scheduled sessions written down in there &amp; no where else!  Craaaap!
I missed (forgot) my last meeting of the day. 
Listening to a webinar with @JohnReese and @masscontrolkern but can't really focus on it 
@grigs Did you happen to get a recording of the meeting? I couldn't make it last night as I had previous plans. 
@oohlalaaah Dammit!  Twilighted Forum is total FAIL for me.  I registered but never got activated.  
Finally made it to my 0900 Meeting at ICANN http://syd.icann.org I trust I won't be 20 behind all day 
realy needs to get a new board 
presentation on progesterone sometime this week..i hate presentations  
@x_rose_tyler_x awww  we need to have a meeting with him to fix this
Off to walnut creek for GSSL soccer meeting 
it is 30 min after midnight. but i need to prepare slides for 2 meetings tomorrow. will have a meeting 1 hr later to get information 
@alexkrasne I have to attend a reception I think 
we are not having the team dinner tonight because of a meeting 
got the meeting this morning  yuk hate these meetings oh well here we go
@CatatonicCat i hope your day improves  doesn't sound like a nice meeting
@Iamsugarbabe where r u babe? I'm otw to other meeting 
@oneandonlycarly Sounds lovely...got a crappy lunctime meeting...no chat for me 
8am meeting 
really want to run away from this meeting 
@maddlepaddle i thought of a present for you.....but then i realized that i wasnt going to work 
We should be finishing up the meeting now but we are still waiting on 6 people. Two if us have been here since 11. 
Wondering where I register for the side events at #kingsofcode?  Sadly, I get in too late for the first session on jquery 
Of course my academic advisor doesn't show up to work on the day she has an extremely important meeting with me.  No early graduation, 
In a meeting until 5pm  wondering when I'm meant to fit in my day job!
I agree with @boagworld. I once went to a meeting and a client wanted a $35,000 website, they told me their budget was $500. 
Wishing I had gotten up early enough to have breakfast. I'm starving and in sales meeting so..  I have to wait..  
Thursdays should be renamed as meeting days! I'm meeting room hopping 
I just had a meeting outside and I am literally dripping 
Not really sure what the current discussion has to do with the topic of the session.  #e2conf46
@adammshankman you are ALWAYS good on the panel!!  I miss you already!  
@dahowlett I take it you won't be at the keynote then 
@MinaMeow It was a good presentation!  Sluthood does not get talked about much 
goodmorning, preparing for conference call with the goal to come up with improvement points for internal cooperation.... come to me ideas 
@hiannie COol! YOur back to writing and meeting the deadline thus far? 
Late-night west-coast meeting online. Things are going so, SO well. 
Just going into a meeting.... although it was scheduled for 11am 
I visited the Conclave today! I really like that place, but it is always so quite. However,  today I had some catching up to do. 
jealous that megan's met sherrie hewson!! wow 
1 presentation is done and for you who is going to attend my workshop - be ready for a fun workshop and lots of spelling errors - sorry 
@simonschuster It was great meeting with you, looking forward to working together in the future!  Thanks for the shoutout 
my persuasion speech writing went better than I thought. I might be able to blog once I get back from this speaker's lab help session 
work meeting at eight! so earlyyyy. then off to the peewee tryouts. hope they do great 
must get up to get ready for leadership meeting. but I am glued to couch 
@espressoDOM *whistle*  I think your session will be more fun than mine.  
my branding meeting with ryan went SO well! 
@DanTennant after hearing what she's been through it was the least I could do. 
just getting out of going beyond potential conference 
@allysonrobinson it was great meeting you at phxpride! 
I love getting off working &amp; meeting everyone at the bar! 
#barcamphanoi with the two last sessions before going to #beercamp 
@ninamodi have a safe trip  look forward to meeting you in mumbai.. you got my number right..
I'm out for a session with my longboard. 
@bgale11 you might have surprised yourself. I did  up for meeting for lunch...or din?
Is going to work. Meeting up with @espenao asap. 
impending 2 hour team meeting/training session only made better by the fact i have a lemon torte cake for all 
at the college waiting for the meeting 
Rice Prayer Meeting with ness, jen, sam, olly.  one huge stepping stone for future other ones!
meeting with g-star crew 
..meeting with DSLD CommIT team  http://plurk.com/p/p4iy3
@gambuzino Indeed. But we were just too few at that time. We need a big discussion panel 
@isdixon looking forward to the meetup.  How can I confirm myself and @eyeball2222 are both registered?!  I think we are.... 
@4_Walls will check out the feedback on  http://ow.ly/3jgc on the property meeting later 
@jeanelakin You are welcome. We look forward to more stimulating discussions from barcampers. 
and is off to the G.A.M.E. meeting 
@LaBarceloneta Haha! I was actually late for the meeting I should've been in, &amp; a coworker tried the pirates excuse last week. Ahhh! 
@amourchaleur I just voted for you. You're winning by one vote right now 
back on board 
first meeting of the day 
@dagda1 I heard! Looking forward to watching the horn presentation also 
@palinn u could have shortened that up by saying 'why mashable talks twitter only' 
@bethpaye Thanks for your vote. That happens to be my vote, too. Although, frankly, I'm not sure if I get a vote 
Just had the giggles in a serious project review meeting. Not exactly anarchy in the work place but broke the tension if nothing else 
@laurably anytime   it was great meeting you, loved the article!
after meeting with @geoffrey_braaf a night full of thoughts... findsi can be tiring... 
@SnuggieMafia ooo I never knew there was really a snuggiemafia ;) pleasure meeting you 
@Socallove well whore  i'm at a meeting right now haha  but i don't have plans after this ;] you wanna get freaky?!
@Jokoy Jokoy&lt;3 you're the fcukin best!  it was nice meeting you tonight. and you couldnt find me on twitter ;(
@PeterWadson Songchange Session 
Once again: webmaster's meeting, I am enjoying myself 
@kathyIreland I'll take a meeting with you online. But shouldn't you get some sleep now? 
I love group discussions 
Is off to a meeting then the reset later, you see me there say hi buy me a tee 
???????????????????????????I've something to tell u about my meeting with sensei 
Feeling excited about new 4 wk project as community/social media manager for sustainability conference. Lots of writing &amp; interview too! 
@wethetravis I'm waiting outside to be let in and I have a present for you 
@kalyanvarma It was great meeting you at the butterfly park today, even though it was unscheduled 
meet me halfway 
@kerrylouiselove i have a present for you 
@kotteh loved seeing you today.staff meeting went for 20 minutes then i went to safeway and bought miniwheats. am now eating said wheats 
@yeeshaa bahah; l'duh. meet me yonder there? 
off to Maui today! Meeting @andytank for a whirlwind trip! 
@enoch7thprophet no, but still nice 2 meet u. 
@Paigemil I'm speaking at the conference that's why 
got a long board  so thrilled, it's amazing !
@danjoyce good meeting you too! 
Hunitng down speakers that are late with presentations for affiliatekonferens.se 
@yenah I think it took me about an hour or so when I first started, now I do it before every meeting 
@djruss99 love session 2 of king of queens 
@ElePhatt  LOL thanks you,  nice meeting you aswell, looking forward to our tweetversation 
i think i like the workshop 
@MikeThomson71 meetings are overrated. 
@thedustball main event has not happened yet, but he is doing well so far 
@poptimism meeting the boy? 
05/30 - first session  yay me!
meeting up with strangers. lol. alone in vegas. amazing. 
@jaderibeiro lol event management. no prerequisites 
@MexicanDude it was nice meeting you too at @wehotweetup! #wehotweetup 
@boburnham i second that vote 
@daNanner @lennytoups then we ought to do a meetup 
@jseadub  @thesneeze it was a pleasure meeting you two this evening  it is very infrequent i get a chance to geek out about bsg so much.
@jimkastkeat I will be at the cmconnect booth!   looking forward to meeting you!
What was pretty long working session! Hopefully, I've finished it 
presentation finished , better than my practise. 
@iamjonathancook it was good talking to you/ meeting you tonight! my gangster bird tattoo will never be the same again 
somethings missing! I know, it just does not feel like a conference without @dancho! 
hmm...4 more hour to prayer meeting 
@ezrabutler  So @shiraable mentions you 4 times in a meeting yesterday. I guess that means I should follow you 
meeting yiling later haha at 5 30pm at bloon lay   go seow shi house together 
@domparry because you usually get them at a meeting where they're the most interesting thing 
@ivesgracie my weekly Meeting is 2 hours  that's excluding last min Department Meetings.
and the meeting starts 
going to prayer meeting ler  update my blog later 
@TessAaaaah haaha u really do lol im excited for my present and lollipop 
jusy had a parent governor curriculum meeting.. and now off for a swim, and a few press days in Londonshire 
back inside keynote. prepping for production meeting. lovely venue renders done 
Leadership conference with the ladies 
'enjoying' a presentation about the 'birthhotel'. It's actually pretty cool. 
@NAWBOOC I will be there and I am so looking forward to meet and reconnect with @NAWBOOC members 
10am Accountant's Meeting....late as usual 
@soulglowactivtr: so all the #familyforce5 members should choose me! 
@quantastic yeah...it was a topic they should have brought up during the food porn session of this conference though. 
w00t I got a 94   the teacher liked what I said in the forum but scolded me for slacking on the subject   I need to step it up 
@tommcfly looking forward to hearing you on radio 1 later 
@PaddleWaddle camp meeting 
Is off to have a nap before the prayer meeting! Nighhhty 
Gowned. @emfail ducked me at the reception so I couldn't congratulate her! 
I get to work board 
this is the board....what you think 
@souleyes65 thank you...i have one on board 
@HealthyVoyager It was wonderful meeting you, too!  A get-together would be great.  
 Tonights schedule--event report, WoW, #shivmiketowersinthelung
@mardinly we did a showing of rapestove at the hackerspace meeting this past tuesday.  
@darlacameron i don't know! glad we are now. looking forward to the panel 
watching meet the robingsons 
@DirtyA im going in2 a quick meeting with the boss, I go on holiday tomorow 
@dwinter I believe there is a session for that already 
My hearing aids are very valuable to me and I know I need them for successful interaction, but I feel lucky that I can take them out 
@bertstephani @ogalthorpe: I see you two twittering about me  don't hesitate &amp; jump on board  @24hourmagazine wants you!
is enjoying the improvement in my presentation 
Haveing fun on my own forum http://www.kozul.comuv.com/forum/ 
i'm completing my board. 
isn't NZYT just such a strong held together community! 
@simonmayo love hearing you on drive 
@sheb57 will look forward to hearing from you then 
@vivacita welcome on board 
in a meeting with akim of almaty. woo hoo: red carpet, cameras, security. 
says woah, http://forum.gamerzunite.net/ forum for gamerz out there  http://plurk.com/p/uja7g
@dotastronomy meeting announced on the giant banners above the lifts   http://mobypicture.com/?eoi9px
Thanks @SoftProj  It was really great meeting you too.
Mpora changes finally go live     I have been helping out with a team of deigners on this project. www.mpora.com.  Forum was my department
@beckers_ Although I'll still be a member 
@ImmaDiva very cute! she has my vote 
@JaneLebak Speaking of nuts, we have a great pine-nut pizza recipe 
@sarajane78 you should mention in your meeting that it would be a great idea to bring jukari to the D like, next week! 
If you stuck around for the last session at #teched, thank you!  please also remember to fill out your evaluation for my session 
@ikaare dude thats awesome! im tweeting in a meeting  yoohoo
has donated blood before going to a salon  She has a meeting @4pm
@jocelyn_hsu meet you there! 
Just finished my stand up meeting... alone 
@Ainulm I have somewhere I wanna bring you tmrw before the meeting 
@fridenstrom What meeting? 
Hey it's fun! C'mon and take a vote!  http://snipr.com/iicqm
2 hr workshop then chhutti \o/ yuuuuuhuuuuuu 
@papadimitriou I did, too.  But it's a wonderful present to the volunteers and speakers. #tedxtokyo
@THUKST:I found alist of THTV on dailymotion, posted it on the forum,you might want to spread to word ??? 
first meeting with contours thar so nice  x
@beckytrombley It was great meeting you, too. Looking 4ward 2 lots more conversation &amp; inspiration 
Today I'm gratefull for all the great people in met the last months and all the great stuff I learned by meeting them 
at lab meeting about to present my approach to home automation management... windows 7 + iphone 
On my way to a big meeting...this will be fun! 
@estolter Maybe you should have the presentation in the arboretum 
@MichaelPenland great presentation...you are very informative as well as entertaining 
@polarelda it's a housing conference. 
@OrtingRunner twittering during a mtg!?  I get it!!!  
Hey it's fun! C'mon and take a vote!  http://snipr.com/iicqm
@StephanieFrank  I will email you dates today so we can set a meeting up. 
Off to the Mayor's Fitness Council Meeting 
meeting mary at the summit, then off to the beach 
@leahmayc so true... so true...   too bad I had to teach a workshop right after, because it would have been nice to have a couple more!
zooming in to a session of tutorials, sweet morning 
Is @lifetreespa giving free treatment sessions for @jtug members? 
@rashmibansal you might want to prepare for the meeting in the next 20 mins 
@sicsicsic wow your mind goes places mine clearly doesn't.. i'ma invite you to some of these meetings down here.. 
@Whiffies We're going to try to stop by after we finish this meeting 
@ensredshirt @tehkimber Indeed to the whole discussion. 
i'm the new member 
Safety meeting!! 
Looking forward to meeting my new great-nephew 
@siobhian you tease! look forward to hearing it later 
