Most common words for this cluster:
[('mexico', 112), ('mexican', 58), ('chile', 55), ('peru', 40), ('day', 23), ('jamaica', 22), ('food', 21), ('latin', 21), ('i', 20), ('today', 19), ('quot', 19), ('http', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Mexico', 0.8561014533042908), (u'Guatemala', 0.7840859293937683), (u'El_Salvador', 0.7701584696769714), (u'Peru', 0.7649300694465637), (u'Honduras', 0.7605844736099243), (u'Chile', 0.7558661699295044), (u'Mexican', 0.755487859249115), (u'Colombia', 0.7518957257270813), (u'Ecuador', 0.737830400466919), (u'Bolivia', 0.7090694308280945)]





Just returned from my Caribean vacation... It was so nice and hot in Dominican Republic and so cold and rainy here 
IN Jamaica..enjoying the hot sun.....i don't want to leaaaaave 
@ladydisdain I know. I lived in it in Mexico, applied it constantly, and still burned. 
Dreading the fact that she's at home, and not still in the Dominican 
Home  I'm sad to not be in Mexico anymore
@devtee I want Ortega, not Obama!  #fifthsummit
i didn't go to Monterrey because my mom had a headache and she has her allergies 
@AshleyBeth89 no! everytime i wanted too...i couldn't...i wanna go..i didnt tell you this...I might go to live in Peru this year! 
In long beach our flight doesn't take off until 4:50  but I'm almost home, Mexico was AMAZING  But damn I'm bored I'm the airport
@BrianKurtz Dollhouse hasn't aired in Mexico yet, it's a shame it hasn't reached high numbers, I am a huge fan of Wheddon's job 
@nick_carter of course i wanna go, BUT i'm in Chile, so far 
@MarathonMaritza they are all the size of tic tacs...no Latin luvas 
Mexican at midnight is a very bad choice 
@aboodabi what hot Barbados sun? It's nothing but rain today. How sad 
: R.I.P. Finland   and will a country that speaks Spanish please yell at Mexico?
missing Mexico more than ever 
@Crazypickney if only Jamaica could be in the int'l scene when it's good news. (sports I guess?) 
is having a not so greta day  wish i was in Jamaica !
Enjoying Bolivia this week, especially their coffee and perfect weather.  Just a pity my luggage didn't follow me 
Up from insomnia. New Orleans is crazy. Thank God Carnival cancelled our cruise to Mexico. &quot;aww&quot;   but we going to the Bahamas instead!!
just had a loooong phone call with my best friend who now lives in Liberia.... miss her so much 
Trying to do eyebrow thing, that those cabury kids seem to be rocking... I can't seem to Mexican wave them though..... bummer 
The people here in Argentina say Obama will be the next JFK....  it is very bad but is the sad truth....
my friends in Canada are gonna watch Wolverine , Mexico is in zombie mode because the flue 
@Cheramie24 Omgosh thats horrible!! I can't believe people can see him as less human because he is an illegal immigrant from Mexico!! 
Still watching the rain in the Carribbean 
@pgriffithl Eugh. That Chavez fellow needs a good slapping. Instead, our President read the books he recommends. 
Canceling my trip to Cancun 
Aeromexico got me locked n on my fght tix since I was goin international to Cabo..I may do atl or mia  
Sat in Lima airport with a very sad face.... don't want to leave Peru 
@mathewferguson I've just written up an article detailing the _vti_logs hack on my website. Venezuelan fishing scam http://bit.ly/vWOnk 
Panda Express and Mexican food are fighting it out in my belly. I dunno who the winner will be, but the loser is me 
It's 5:31 am in Peru , and i havent finished my HW yet 
A little shake-it-about? Earthquake in Caracas 
sneezing since yesterday  have i gotten the Mexican swine flu?? *gulp*
I really wish I was either in the Bahamas or at wango tango 
@chelness  Never tried Cuban food...is it any good?
Bedtime for me, too.  I have brunch with some fabulous Mexican mamacitas in the morning, since my mom is too far away.   'Night!
@hip2hooray It's the daily countdown...5 days!  Can you believe it? altho I read they are expecting t-storms in the Bahamas next week 
@iAquarian Haha I forgot about that! I did decide to be good though. Chile con carne. I'm such a boring grown up. 
reading up on Mexican marketing company for illustration in magazine... and it's SUNNY outside 
I miss going to concerts in Caracas 
just declined her free trip to Cancun.    sniff, sniff
Rodrigo Rosenberg predicts his own assasination: http://bit.ly/m7iWN  Only in Guatemala 
my presentation on Nicaragua got lost on the school computer and now i have to start all over again 
Working on a story of Guatemalan lawyer who left tape blaming govt for his death.Gov rejects claim. Not knowing Spanish is hurting me 
I miss my dad a whole lot I really hope Mexico is treating him right 
102 fever, really bad headache, can't sleep - feels like the same thing I had in Nicaragua!!??  
I don't think that I will be seeing Tijuana anytime soon. There have been so many reports of crime and murder there recently 
I wish i could be in Tepic  or in vegas hahahaha or vallarta  or wherever place  just not here .. It feels so smooke :S  i miss home
Mexico trip tomorrow..  3 hour drive and 2 hour wait at border.
wanted to see Jonas Brothers in Panama.. just impossible 
poor @mileycyrus not even in the Bahamas they leave her alone 
Sitting here,being supposed to do my studies and thinking of a brother who is on his holliday-marathon again.Wana see the Caribbean too! 
Would anyone like to explain the Latin language to me? I'm totally fucked for that exam, party people... 
@tommcfly we'll be waiting for you in Mexico 
@Jonasbrothers But , why not come to Colombia? I am so eager to come here.. 
Today was the concert by the Jonas Brothers in Sudamerica  and Mexico?
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - Colombia will miss you... 
Mexican food sounds like the best idea ever right now. Whyyyy is Arizona so far away? 
The weekend is over, tomorrow @ Merida 
waaaaaaaaa  Jonas come here ro Guatemala please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! waaaaaaaaaaaaa  i lov YoU!! so muCH!!
@bobbyllew I would have loved to have been taught Latin at school! I have tried to find someone to teach me but there is no one 
Watching Madagascar... I miss Loydd  
No school, but I'm still learning Latin 
At school bahh boring :S wishing be in Peru  Vane I miss you
Almost hit a dog on the highway to Matamoros today.   Typically see at least half a dozen stray dogs everyday here...
:@ i just don't understand the irresponsibility of some people... but in this country is just how they work! :@ missing Chile soooooo bad 
@staceysterling Santa Marta,  Colombia. It's a little island, which the duration of the flight is almost 12 hours 
One last breakfast in Mexico, then off to cancun aeropuerta 
I'm in tequila Jalisco. surrounded by alcohol and I can't have any cos I'm sick 
had a lovely day chilling with her friends and reading in the sun, shame i can't go to Havana tonight 
on my way to get shots for my Nicaragua trip!!  OUCH! 
I'm in tequila Jalisco. surrounded by alcohol and I can't have any cos I'm sick  (via @mostazzza) swine?!
@Laurrs Yes, this weekend. Jemez is way past Bernalillo right? I'm crazy to have left New Mexico 
@aplusk Did you hear about the earthquake that struck Honduras? Reports say that 4 kids died &amp; many lost their home. Really sad 
@jimmyfallon Jimmy talk about The Honduras's quake ... horrible scene :s  i'm here and it was horrible 
I want to go to Peru this summer ahhhhhhh! Hopefully! Yesyesyes! I miss it over there!!! 
Leaving in 25 mins to go to Latin revision class 
@afrolicious Chile, I gotta study   But I do hope to catch an art show or sumshin...i need to get out.
 I'm not gonna be here when the new Transformers comes out.... i'll be in Colombia 
@LolzyluvsJB Yeaa i'm so sad i've watched her live performances in Peru etc and they are EPIC!   I wish she'd just come to N.I! lol xo
wishes I could be the one going to our conference in the Bahamas next week 
PRD take a long time to review! 
@mitchelmusso  i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code 
hey @mitchelmusso please reply me, i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code  love you
hey @mitchelmusso please reply me, i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code  love you
@3spur I work at Schneider Electric, but not much longer. They are sending our jobs to Mexico 
@Jamiebower  you should come to Chile and your band too;) why everything  happens far away from here?? lol we're losing good live music!
Having some Coronas, and have a bad craving for Mexican pastries, but i'd have to go to Uptown to get some 
@1critic and Boat is dining Bones in Peru - double 
@katyperry greets from Chile Katy!!  do u want a kitty? she's homeless 
@cptfunkyfresh i wish i could  why did i have to be born a poor Mexican?!?w
@DCMA_Mexico i asked jon he said he doesnt have a myspace  boo he should make one
http://twitpic.com/68m14 - at the museum. in Chile!   I miss Chile!!! 
@ddlovato nvm ur sister just twittered that ur headed to the Bahamas! i cant believe u didnt invite me 
I just realized that my best friends live out of Peru 
I want to be in Honduras...feelin' kinda homesick 
I had the random thought of listening to @pandora while I was sitting in the lobby, but you can't in the Bahamas. 
is unfortunately back from Nicaragua 
smoking my last Dominican cigar right now 
I'm worried. The girls I sponsor in India are near or in the cyclone flooding area. Then today a big earthquake near the girl in Honduras 
is there a way to drag me out of the couch and make me study Latin? 
Ordering Mexican food tonight. Daughter's condition got worse and she's already in bed 
@TreeinCally oooo ok I was just wondering. I love Cali and Canada. I have a good friend from canada. NYC is great but not Cali 
awaiting beach hunny-bunnies return from the Carribean.  it's been a long eight days.  i miss them. 
LIGHTNING !  - Havn't seen that since..Cuba. O  Now I miss Cuba
drinking coffee and eating oreos in my underwear, contemplating if i should get ready for dinner. last night in the Yucatan 
has the most awesome week!! Cancun is amazing!!.. I had so much fun.. I will miss everyone I met there, the beach, and the clubs! 
Mexican food, then back to work...probably a bad idea...gotta think these things out better next time 
is back from Panama, and thinking about home visits!!! Emmitt is &quot;needs foster&quot; -- doesn't like kids 
At &quot;La Patria&quot;! Peruvian food...Yum! Missed Mexico today!  Mom's appt went waaaay to long! She's all good though!
@mileycyrus why u are  ? I see your movie today here in Peru.I cry with &quot;butterfly fly away&quot; and then I smile with &quot;the climb&quot;... Thanx!
Latin dream crushin 
Latin dream crushin 
@chocsmitchell its been so long since I went to Jamaica 
So mad at my neighbor - told his wife to get out, he's moving his 'girlfriend' in, deporting her back to Mexico, keeping the kids  !
I can't focus... This Latin literature is a load of rubbish  I want to leave it, but I can't unless I want an f in Latin 
I really come from Bogota, Colombia! They dont believe me 
@denisejoyce sorry I couldn't make it yesterday  my brother was in town yesterday and he's leaving for Peru soon! Sounds like u had fun!
@dougiemcfly  come to Mexico.... pleasee !!!! 
I wish I was going to the awards tonight   and I wish I had a starbucks on the beach in Bahamas that would be nice and my bestfrann and
@DanggItsDevin iht does. argh im back aht school 2mo.  hows Jamaica toodayy.? (:
@MagEGordon sorry i didn't notice your question sooner! Chile is good, getting cold here  But I only have a month and a half left!
thinking about Peru  
its sad to see terrorism is still alive in Peru  ... the only way out is fight poverty
I just realized in 18 days ill be leaving to Chile  I'm really going to miss my family
@tommcfly  i`m so annoyed and sad because you didn't come to Mexico and i think that isn't just because we love u very much 
@marsechie the said Mexico.. but still far away from where i live  i hope that too!
@marsechie they said Mexico.. but still far away from where i live  i hope that too!
@digiwombat thanks make me feel bad, i'm pretty pale for being Hispanic as it is, but the blond makes me looks terribly tan 
@Colombia883 nooo i didnt  im extremely exhaustedd. I keep fallin asleep at work   http://twitpic.com/6efke
Latin exam.....   
Still at home with bronkit and asthma. Guatemala and Baghdad in the same month were too much for my body  I need to rest, says my body...
@silverstein no  When will you be in Chile again?, we're missing you! , and oh the new cd is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! *-* ,silverstein are the best
@quiteastretch In Peru people don't do things like that 
i want to be in The Real World:Cancun 
is missing Cancun 
@myworldCK I had to...   and he's from Ecuador not Honduras lol.
@Miaakoch ow!! how bad! we're both unlucky cus they cancelled their concert here in Mexico 
My hubby is going to Honduras without us   Manda and I will take a small vacation after her testing is done.
Training in celebration all day tomorrow...  The upside is lunch at the Colombian....Text me something to make me smile
@chivalry I'm a little upset that you won't be able to help me look for hoes in the Bahamas 
@officialTila Tila please follow me!i'm a big fan from Honduras,and i would love to talk to you,cuz usually celbs never answer me  thanks!
I'm so sad that most of my favorite Zetas are graduating and going alum 
Where does one go should one want some decent Mexican food in Kuwait? Probably Mexico, huh? 
@pgoncalves Unfortunately there isn't anyone from Venezuela 
Having passport problems.  Bolivia may or may not happen at this point 
I got bitten by a Mexican king snake at work today  it wrapped itself around my finger, jerk!
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans? 
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans? 
@tommcfly the truth, you hate the Mexican fans? 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3pgvs - hahaha your fans!! I would wish that you were here in Mexico 
@grapefruit13 woooo, I have another week and a half  but then I'm off to Mexico!
I would let that one super white dude with the tattoos that's gonna be on the Real World Mexico touch me without washing his hands maybe 
@Calderon08 make a very strong black tea infusion (cold) and pat it on your face- the tannin can help with the sting. 
@jenneB hope your day is better today, don't worry, we all have both, I got a huge one in Cancun and I can still see where it was.  scar.
said bye to my sis, shes going to Peru 
I read my diary two nights ago and I miss those days... I wish I was in Peru 
Missed our plane to the Dominican Republic. Flying out tomorrow morning instead 
@jarsofclay How we can obtain that deluxe edition?  I think it was sold out or not? please a second release ;) . . . Greetings from Peru
last day at sea. Had a great time visiting Haiti, Jamaica, Grand Cayman and Mexico! Holiday is coming to an end all too soon 
I'm next to a Chinese/Mexican restaurant and its not chino bandido! 
I really and desperately want to go home 2 Jamaica I miss it sooo much now im really homesick after 4 years 
saw on the news 29 children died @ a daycare in Mexico bc of a fire  Keeping the parents &amp; families of the children in my prayers.
Mexican daycare fire kills 27 children http://tinyurl.com/plju3q (via @cnn)  horrible!
Horrible tragedy in Hermosillo my hometown!  http://tr.im/nBUO plz rt and help if u can! 
My sympathies and condolences to the families of the children who were in the fire at a daycare in Mexico... what a horrible tragedy. 
Horrible tragedy in Hermosillo my hometown!  http://tr.im/nBUO plz rt and help if u can! 
Bacardi &amp; Mexican food do not mix. 
Horrible tragedy in Hermosillo my hometown!  http://tr.im/nBUO plz rt and help if u can! 
This is Horible.. Fire in Mexico kills 29 Babies   http://tinyurl.com/lczpuz
29 children killed in fire at day care in Mexico http://tr.im/nC54 #daycare #mexico (via @RSSMicro) sad 
@OfficialThrice And WHEN you guys will be playing in Colombia? 
Oh no!  I love Mexican food...but last night's Mexican food is not loving my stomach   This can't be!!!!
@mileycyrus and your fans in Chile? haha  Chile love u!andwaiting for u!you makesan awesome job onhannah montana!u are an amazing actress!
@emdietrich I'm going to the Caribbean, and even if I wasn't for THE LATENCY fml fml hahahaha  I always miss concerts 'cause of vacation
@riicky It will cost $513 for me to fly to Torreon. 
Mafia Wars is experiencing server problems, must be the Cuba upgrades? I know its to be expected, but when I wanna play, I wanna play 
@starsmilee You are talking about the babies in Mexico right ? 
@madserette yes! I just saw them leaving  they are going to Chile now..
Thinking and praying for the kids who perished in the fire in Mexico, and their families. 
@tommcfly boooo  u should come to Peru!
yaaay,bought my ticket,leaving Peru june 26,will miss my food 
@miguelstdancer yeaaah  We lost to the fans of Chile  HAHAHA
@Lena373 would've been nice to know you left to Mexico  lol just found out yesterday at happy hour...we missed you!!!
@tommcfly brazilian fans are jealousy because of what you talk about Chile Tommy 
back from Cuba and had the most amazing time, now back to reality  finding a job and a place to live
@Fitcoach2007 we don't have a CarMax here.I wish!  Im not a barterer..my mom is, tho.she was all abt bartering for pottery in Mexico! lol!
@auriarayvin There was one what in september?? and yeah yeah haha Jamaica is reeeeaaally expensive for us broke people  lol
@honorsociety  [sad] ... you should come back to Mexico city!!
Sitting at work again today....contemplating Mexico. I don't want to miss this opportunity yet my parents will unleash their wrath... 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - cant see!!  come to Mexico city !
man I really want to see my bestest friends man I hope they swing by they're busy partying lol I can't hang the Caracas way 
I can't belive Mexico is looseing 
USA over Honduras 2-1! Streets of Ceiba will be dead tonight.  Good thing mom and dad flew home today... bad night to be US there tonight.
We lose  #Honduras
NOoO Mexico didn't win which it means that I doubt it they are going to the mundial which is sad 
Ahhh I'm half Salvi, but I'm sooo sad Mexico lost 
I don't even like soccer but yeah  I feel bad that Mexico lost vs  el salvador!
Mexico........so disappointed 
@tommcfly I really hope that you can come someday to Monterrey, Mexico... it would be the best day of my whole life 
Mexico is a trending topic! (but just because they're lost  )
going to finally head to bed ... working again tomorrow  but its ok, only 3 more days of work till Aruba yea yea!! nite y'all!!
The 2010 Fifa World Cup Qualifiers from all participating countries were great  USA beat Honduras  &amp; oh Mexico lost to El Salvador 
not much,mad because Mexico lost. 
I'm missing my puppy already  but Guatemala awaits and one can't beat taking photos for seeds of help
@alex77 What's going on is the worst Mexican team in decades 
Deaths in Mexico day-care fire rise to 38 children ..  why this happened
making end of the year photo albums for teachers...one is going back to Colombia soon 
@sarahroters yeaah I know but it's day 66 tho!! I hate this episode! Just love the song at the end! Mexican wrestler!!  soo saaad
My thoughts and condolences to the families in Mexico 
@MissJohanaLove yeah it's awesome cuz Mexico is now 5th place but at the same time Honduras is now 4th  stupid salvadorians lol
BTW still not in Guatemala 
@dougiemcfly noo! what about Peru???come here pleasee!! 
@tommcfly awesome! it's so amazing! I would love to go to your concert but i can't do this  I hope you like Chile!!! 
@dougiemcfly i'm not going to see you today in Chile  i'm so sad, i've been waiting this since like 3 years ago, i hope you come back soon
I'm so sad for all of the families who have lost babies in the Mexican Daycare fire over the weekend. So fucking sad. 
@dannymcfly heard about what happened on the Chile gig.. poor McFly 
@billyraycyrus what happend.. ! where's Mexico? 
@tommcfly booooo  u should come to Peru first tho xX
Watching the news about day care fire in Mexico is deeply saddening seeing the toddler sized coffins. 
mom just emailed me this picture of the Puebla jersey i sent my prince http://twitpic.com/6vwl1  this is the longest ivent seen him
@beamercola No...  I was a Mexican virgin...
with a flue and a sour throat in bed feeling sorry for myself, I haven't even been to Mexico this year 
@NameCheap Guatemala, of course ... 
@natii_m awww, get well soon  How long until Peru?
cant wait to see the hangover with my best friend. I watched jumper n i really wish i could jump to Anguilla. 
Yummm! Mexican food! I miss camp so much! 
Cancun, long beach, san diego, new york and D.C. 
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31214441/ via @addthis Wow. I just never knew how bad things were in Mexico right now. I would not feel safe. 
@synethiaz I hate Thai  Mexican is my fav lol. Oh and Italian 
@markhoppus and Mexico when?  please!!! plase!! Mexico loves you! And the mexican food loves you too!!!
@ghoststudio yeh i kno switch and @diplo is/were in Jamaica...Bahamas needs some love too tho! 
@titarodriguez I miss you  are u over in Cuba???
@DemiMexicanFans .. petition to have Demi come to Mexico.. rightt? so sorry i forgot! 
So, I found out that the Tucanes de Tijuana were @ the Fair last night &amp; I saw people in line wondering what it was 4. Missed it! 
@BADDESTBISSH I'm a Cali baby but I live in New Mexico now 
@chelahsea We made our own tacos using the vegie delight mince. It was rather tasty. Everyone ate it. We dont go out for Mexican. 
@gfalcone601 I have cold   here's autumn in Chile  enjoy the sunshine for me!!!  Xx
Bloody LGBT caucus this afternoon means I'm gonna miss the Cuba 50 event (which I hear has free rum) 
Bloody LGBT caucus this afternoon means I'm gonna miss the Cuba 50 event (which I hear has free rum)  #undc09
@CaleParks Oh Canada, eck.  I follow the changes on the Mexican border check this link http://bit.ly/Kl15G &amp; this http://bit.ly/bNbuO 
@TickleMeJoey i'm arriving late at school cause I stayed on twitter just to see if u updated but u didn't  i love u &lt;3 xo from Chile
waiting to hear from the dr and going to an appointment...hope my stomache feels better before Jamaica 
Lines, Vines &amp; Trying times it's out!! yeah!! too bad I live in Dominican Republic  I can't get it yet 
@kyndall93 thiq creepy Mexican guy was staring me down 
in less then an hour i will be taking a fucking midterm, lucky me! n in 2 weeks a final  but after that Aruba bound =]
Ugh I don't want to go to work  I rather be home sleeping or laying in my likkle Jamaican's arms LoL he makes me :-D o.dddd
@tayedrums While Belize is an exotic example, it's simply not feasible for a weekend getaway.  #fivepointsforeffort
@billbeckett please please please please please come back to Chile! PLEAAASE! 
@KMoodie : mine is fine. About to have some Mexican for lunch. Can I come get in the bed though? I'm tired but I gotta make this money 
just went through some pictures, i miss port-au-prince and Haiti soo much 
@kiwijem are you serious? is it really that cold?   still quite warm as we head to Samoa!
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - Here in Chile not yet leaves 
@gwabir I hope you're wrong... lol, I dont think is swine flu, I went to Oaxaca and I think the fucking change of weather made me sick 
@CCArquette I want to buy your fagance  but I am from Mexico! I am 16, do you think it would fix me well?, please!!! sell it here!!
It's a rainy day in Cancun Mexico. Must be cause I'm leaving soon! 
@EmilyOsment OMG!! can't wait for your album! I hope it comes out here in Mexico...Mitchel mUsso's not in sale here  
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - i comes out on june 16th in my country (Chile)... i guess i'll just have to wait  , but i'm  ...
@ddlovato I will love to!  Why I dont live in your country  !!! Pliss return to Chile! I love u demi!!!
So tired  and ready for Mexico. If we still plan to go
 damn! didnt make on time and the border was closed! drove hr. to toher side of state to make it ti Mexico!.sniff! sniff! tired!
@MattBartlett  but I'm not going to be there. I'll be in Peru till the 11th. You should just stay in sb till like after that lol
@jewlicious  Tragically the sombrero was stolen after a drunken night in Mexico.  I still think about it when I eat tacos 
Between no sleep and sitting in the kitchen while my mom made Mexican rice, my eyes are on fire. 
@diemel don't feel so bad, Chile's there too 
So tired...... Latin is sooooooooo BORING!  wish it was over already!
@mindyglover and @rebeccateasdale 's trip to Peru 
What...? You mean European plugs don't fit in Chile? But they're practically the same! I only have half an hour of battery left now. 
I wanna go to a concert... nobody ever comes to Honduras which sucks 
Jamaica is hot....too hot ! 
@bishab Thanks boo. They are heading to Jamaica 
And the lunch time winner is Subway. I wanted Mexican 
last wednesday night in BA  Asiaaaaaa de Cuba obvs
@AndrewLeeOnline I would love to come but I'm from Chile 
coke zero was banned in Venezuela because it contains sodium cyclamate. my DNA 
Wishing I were in Haiti. 
@ddlovato and sorry by the writing but I do not speak English I am of Guatemala        
and excuses by the writing but I do not speak English I am of Guatemala      : and excuses by the wr.. http://tr.im/oRGX
My daddy's going back to Belize today 
@billyraycyrus What about Peru ? 
seeing everyones Honduras pics makes me miss it SO much 
this Mexican has no beans.. 
Leaving for Mexico tomarro .....cruise!!! I'll miss jonathan 
Zip lining was amazing. Parasailing was amazing. Mexico is amazing. I don't want to leave but unfortunately that time comes tomorrow 
@MsZai why not?  I mean..this is a great opportunity for you...Jamaica, right?!
@apelad I need a color to support democracy in Florida. Another color for Argentina too. 
@michellemalkin I have some Cuban expresso but I think you might too far to get some. 
Oh no! Left some of my Latin translation at home.  I was looking forward to doing well today.
En route to Miami...no Cuban coffee this trip though... 
@Jillzaa thanks, she's goin to Jamaica for 5 days 
@LaurenConrad I know! me 2! Hate that there is no TopShop in Mexico!! 
I feel bad about perpetuating a stereotype, but every watermelon truck in Georgia seems to be driven by Mexicans 
wow got 8 followers last night lol now 20 followers phaha thanks all ! and 2morrow Latin  it's so difficult ! wish me lucks are welcome !
Hey folks weather sucks,  I wish I was in Jamaica eating jerk chicken n drinkin a cold tru juice
@Sobk13 that is because I spelled their name wrong   alas: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EZLN
Americas army 3: are their statservers working? I've done the basic training thrice, but nothing in the menu indicates its finished... 
@GlobalNetworker ive only been to Dominica 
@AlexneedsJK ooh that's awesome! and what about Latinamerica? ooh 
WHY did RBD spilt up best Mexican pop group every !!!!!  so random!!
@AK618 no, I've missed 9  1 for a wedding, 1 for school, 6 for Peru :'( and yesterday's for summer camp (basically work)
@MirandaBuzz I hope that one day in Mexico to transmit those new chapter of iCarly 
Watching &quot;gangland&quot; juarez Mexico is a nightmare! I'm hungry but don't wanna eat bcuz ima get fat 
@estoni what is happening in Peru is devastating...sad..... so bad many are not aware of it 
Shameful news from Chile: seems like the morning after pill was definitely banned. Moralism ruling over science and people's need 
I want a new iphone 3Gs but it isn't offered in Peru. 
@therealsavannah yum Mexican food...I'm hungry 
@backstreetboys Mexico miss you too!!!!! 
@backstreetboys  Peru miss you  
Full day tomorrow.. kiddos leaving for Honduras tomorrow...last minute details under way. a little sad for myself. will miss them. 
My back is SO itchy and there is no one around to scratch for me  I need one of those lil back scratchers they sell in Matamoros. #MexiFTW
helping my mommy pack . she's leaving to Mexico in saturday ! 
@tigerlizzie wow, it sucked. Mexicos pollution, dust, elevation and my allergies almost did me in. Im back home now. Miss Mexico though.  
@1raymo thanks homie. Its just...I mean...puerto rico. Latin vibe, beach, sun, comida criollo, flip flops and shorts...ahhh 
@DisciplineCC Eek. I know how you feel... When I lived in Peru I always had to choose between having a freezing shower or a scolding one. 
off to the gym, the final gym session before Barbados... 6 months of killing myself, worth it? YES... difference in body - none 
Dtown!!! here we come.  @vanessacvaldez says they don't like Mexicans though 
@sujamthe on my way to Mexico  try writing into help and requesting a pw reset
Penguins of Madagascar with my sister, hugee headache 
@TrinaWright no that was Ceci, but she was stopped at Heathrow by border control on way from Mexico, so never actually met her 
on our way to Jamaica..delayed in Miami airport (what a dump) and seeing lightening outside, that can't be good 
@tommcfly why not greet Chile? 
in Torreon!!!  but it rained!! 
No mobile data connection for me in Ecuador at the moment, so you've missed out on live updates from plantations and farms today. 
@crystalchappell We have a Mexican place here in Calidornia were we watch the kids play and drink margueritas....fun.  No slide though 
I was born in Guam and traveled to the US by ship via Hawaii and Japan but was only 6 mos old.   been 2 Mexico &amp; Canada~wanderlust lives
@indakno My daddy will STILL be in Haiti. 
@britneyspears  if you don't come to freakin Peru I will cry  ....  xD
@kerilove I'm there girl unless my sister books Cancun on that day  we're still lookin into it! but thanks so much for tonight&lt;333
@PaulaAbdul won't reply to me... like ever...   I wish she knew how much it would mean 2 me... she has some amazing fans here in Guatemala
i am never travelling in an aeroplane ever again. had scary dream last night  i was going to Barbados....
Y do they keep doing this to us? Now our flight to Aruba is delayed 2 hrs 
I wish I was going to Barbados 
Latin monday.. 
Today im going to Monterrey Mx. i hope i survive without phone signal 
Has yet to pack for Mexico and we leave tomorrow morning and I work until 8:30. 
@30SECONDSTOMARS And Santiago,Chile when?? 
Bikes are expensive  ...Jamaican food is delicious 
Taking the family out for a little Mexican tonight. Not a cloud in the sky so little hope for some sunset shots. 
@angeloanniemate in Colombia, this is not that fun 
Dang...I had to cancel pop's reservations at Texas De Brazil, cuz his tooth hurts.  No Brazilian steakhouse tmrw 
@Jonasbrothers No    Comee back to Peru!
@Jonasbrothers GOD I'm in Peru and i just wanted to be in Dallas! 
@PrinceSammie I'll always love u!!! Even though you respond to everyone else on ustream but me  Why hurt yuh Caribbean fan like dat?
@pfingar I miss the luxury of bean and cheese tacos...or tacos in general...or good Mexican food- I'm sooo hungry!! 
@BroadcastKC Pepsi cracked down on Mexican stuff 
@jonaskevin Maybe you should follow me too. I'm cool too . I wish i was in the concert but im from Peru 
@ddlovato I would love to go but I'm from Chile 
@jasminedotiwala hey how was the chicken roti?  I'm dying to have some from my gran, but she lives back home in Trinidad  where's your ...
a little sad my oldest is leaveing for Mexico for a week ..now I will have 2 out of the Country...   
happy fathers day, can't be with my dad today  cuz he's in Suriname  
@deyanira I totally understand. my dog from Peru died yesterday  he was 14...so many memories...
I feel like a million pesos 
that sounds like the past week in Chile Tavi 
Biloxi was nice. The fishing trip was just what I needed. Of course, I was still outdone by the kids. Mexican for dinner. 
@vandermore No.  I'm not in proximity of Columbus, but I am in Colombia.
@natalidelconte  I'm committed to going twice bc 2 of my best friends who are not on talking terms want to go. Opens in Jamaica 2morrow.
@coldplay when are you going to come to Mexico? 
its weird how theres no Chipotle in san clemente. you'd think that because its closer to Mexico there would be 
@bacsktreetboys I'm so sad, a fan of another conuntry said you shouldn't come to Mexico beacuse of influenza  #BSB
@sazychik I just saw Honduras play 2 weeks ago, so I would choose Real Madrid but man i cant afford the trip 
would much rather be lying on a beach in Mexico than going to the stupid gym, but she's going to the stupid gym.  
@DavidArchie haha! Thanks but I can't go there  I'm too far! .. I'm in Chile haha lol
@trentvanegas shoulda stayed home and watched Real World Cancun. 10 minutes in and I am kinda hooked on the possibilities 
there is only 1 cute person on the Real World Cancun. 
I always spell Caribbean the wrong way round 
Has the worst headache ever!  packing for Cozumel tomorrow...
@issradio I thought u were in Mexico...  DJISS, you lied to me.
Just saw a Jamaica commercial.. I could never go there to vacation...  
@jonaskevin hey! i wish you guys could come to singapore! i was really sad when i saw that you were going to Peru  cuz im from there. ily
Mexico/Belize/Guatemala: &quot;SexyBack&quot; by Justin Timberlake. It was a fun song song, although my iPod died early in the trip. 
@mileycyrus so saad! im seeing it on tv  by the way, im from Chile
Finally made my map of Panama. &quot;What's a Panama, is that like an animal?&quot; Haha love my friends 
@MissxMarisa cool cool, i really like Mexican food 
Is off to shoot in Jamaica...stick around for new pics  xoxo
@GuruMN I'm not sure if I'd go to Cuba or not, but I will enjoy access to their fine cigars! 
@genesimmons com back soon to Chile 
Eating Adolfos! I love Pueblo and our abundance of good Mexican food 
@nick_carter nickkkk!!! listen to me!! hehe ... i`m the muffin Peruvian girl!!!!!!!!   or muffin latin girl!! ... Que te parece mejor?
good morning twittersphere!!! outside is overcast and rainy here in Barbados but i can smell its gonna be a great day 
I'm so excited! I'm getting married to my handsome Cody in 6 days! Then off to Mexico! 
@AnimaBlue Ah the 2012 Mayan calendar -- we'll soon see what &quot;the end of the world as we know it&quot; brings us. It's already started... 
i`m actually enjoyinq a -crazy nice- day in Medellin 
In Zipaquira, at Colombia's salt cathedral...the country's first wonder 
getting ready to take that flight to Cuba!  tropical climates here i come 
@suxiesux Actually no, though that's what I plan to. I wanted to ask you how's life for a student in Monterrey. I live in DF by the way 
@Sheamus maybe emule go up again after all this. or everybody moves to Ecuador. 
aaaaaaw A. is back from Guatemala &lt;3 Yay, we missed her so much 
Just got my final acceptance confirmation from Universidad de Monterrey in Cuernavaca, Mexico 
So I Tunned in to watch tv,the penguins of Madagascar  aha I'm lovin it
Eating Mexican rice and drinking koolaid. So good. About to watch the notebook 
@mhl20 One where we're sat in front of the TV and someone goes &quot;I think there are 12 countries with only A&quot;; @tmtm They counted Bahamas 
Boarding the plane - headin 2 Barbados 
@ddlovato wow Spanish hahaha if u come , we can teach u some , please come to Mexico  u do it great in LO QUE SOY !!!
@KimKardashian  Regards from Chile, Southamerica girl !!! 
wait for the coming of the Jonas Brothers to Mexico!! im so excited!!,, i go to the 2 concerts   i'm  so happy  )
@LeNuage it's nice to meet u, i'm from to Chile  wait ur answer
Is going to try Norwegians' Mexican food 
My sister-in-law is back from Mexico, his boss does not want her at work and give her 10 more days off 
Many many prawns, muscles, squid and tuna (and some sort of Mexican dessert *cough*) to celebrate good news; am going to be an uncle 
@kgopal I used portable firefox and portable skype from a cyber cafe in Mexico 
Enrique Iglesias is in Denmark  woooaw, how coool is that ?! :b
@ssoun126 How'd u get that nick? I got it from my cousins in Mexico there was a song they would sing to me when we were kids &amp; it stuck! 
@uncultured In some parts of Mexico people eat scorpions, among other things. 
@mileycyrus what about Mexican fans? 
I am officially doing business in Jamaica 
@AubreeStorm Sounds like Mexican food? What should I order there? 
In Aruba enjoying the nice weather 
@srlooney does being Mexican count or is it only New Mexicans?Pass the horchata please. 
Cuba trip booked 
@EmmaK67 Or a Mexican wrestler. They year capes too. You probably haven't the build for it though. 
sooo 5 days till I take off  sun and sea u're waiting for meeee can't say if i can get all my stuff packed up in time.. &lt;3 Guadeloupe &lt;3
sooo long twitters! I'm off to Cuba 
Tyring to pack for my Aruba trip (soul beach music fest) 
@FrankieFiction Thankies.  I'll never be able to watch the movie Madagascar the same way again... hehe.
Off to have a sumptuous Mexican meal! 
So is Mexican Train dominoes for that matter. I like games. 
@Jonasbrothers :O ! just 10 days left guys *-*   -isi from Chile. 
@unseenenergy she is spunky!!!  Stubborn Mexican!!!  
@greggarbo love it! you guys did an awesome job performing it in the Bahamas! it was nice seeing ya also 
Just Joined Archuleta Philippines... 
Calle Ocho as my ringtone today in celebration of Mexico day at work. Not a corporate sponsored day mind you, just our own thing 
I want to go back  Mexico was awesome
@mileycyrus  oh mileyy! you're so great!!  I'm from latinoamerica. I hope for you can come to Chile !
http://twitpic.com/5cetr - haha its my cool water bottle from the Bahamas 
@goddess9 Thanx ! My nationality is Black, Hawaiian, Filipino, Puerto Rican, Irish, Scottish, Dutch, Welch, Indian &amp; French.  VERY MIXED 
I had thee best time today! We went to Vietnam, china, and Mexico. 
@dannymcfly can't wait to see you here in Chile 
@trent_reznor Happy birthday!!!!! i hope you have a excellent day! congratulations again from Monterrey, Mexico!!! 
@louveyret did your sis find a dress?  and Mexican it is!  I'll see if I can find another one.  
@GabrielSaporta hey gabe if mexican why not come to Monterrey Mexico men...check it out www.msyapce.com/hanzelsingeretel comment on that 
@Oceanside2009 haha.. I dont speak Spanish though, it's just that i was watching a tennis match in Madrid so i was cheering in Spanish 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - i'm so excited for coming my country Chile i love u guys 
@CheleBear Peru! haha they are coming! 
@PankakeMunky Madagascar was one of the first countries infected for me.  You just need to get all transmissions.
@marktas have fun Mark!  Everyone in Miami speaks Spanish cause they're Cuban immigrants lol.
@itsNICKJONAS I wish I was in Peru 
@theOlsens I don't know much english, but I'm a biiig fan of you!! Much love from Chile, success and kisses 
@Jonasbrothers I can't wait!!  just 3 days and 4 hours for the concert in Chile!! is amazing!11 
&quot;Chile o Caliente&quot;  I love this color!!!  http://twitpic.com/5dk6b
@DH_Photography I would avoid Mexico 
@sandraahn She lives in Grenada - for medical school.  So proud of her! 
http://twitpic.com/5etkp - Pancho, the monkey, from my trip to Honduras last month! Awww, bless him, he is well cute  I want a pet mon ...
loves Tijuana's @ Condado! If anyone wants to go, call me up  best Mexican food. Angels &amp; Demons is worth wa... http://plurk.com/p/uh7j1
@TeteGS Some dates have been cancelled for the Mexico dates, but I'll keep you informed when more come 
listernin to the new Americas suitehearts remix you should check it out http://bit.ly/FkO4U   its awesome
@ddlovato hey welcome to Peru  hope you like it here ;) c u tomorrow
@bobbyllew After 2 years of Latin, I arrived for year 3 and the teacher said &quot;I thought we agreed you weren't doing Latin&quot; 
@Sion71 Did you say Bahamas ok i`m on the way when do weleave bikini in hand ohhh and sun glasses what airport 
I wanna kiss your Mexican cuzn again 
@tommcfly hey tom! hope you have a great flight!  can't wait to see you in Chile!!!
@rumoko That's the way to do it! Ideally accompanied by a Cuba Libre 
@christianoliver is horrible, that's the good thing about traffic in Caracas, surprises can only be good when you reach this level 
@chaiyenw hahaha.. yeaps! after a my normal workout routine somemore.. hoho... it's a good day     tmr, bodyPump.. wednesday Latin.. haha
@wyclef Its Haitian time! 
Pocket Aces!! Looks like I have the upper hand from the beginning  Mexican really soon!!
Today is 'let's see  if I can fit all the crap I have to take to Venezuela in two suitcases day' 
Quito is on fire!!!!!! nice day for everybody!!! 
CHICOS diviertanse mucho, get fun so much, Peru is great and loves you!!!!! LOS QUEREMOS so MUCHHHHH!!! 
@Jonasbrothers I hope the guy from the road, the one that made you do the Yingo signal (Y), make you laght, I hope you came back to Chile 
@nickybyrneoffic Awww, sorry about that. But they'll grow up!  Lots of love from Chile 
@ddlovato was amazing when she performed in Chile 
Off to Peru tomorrow for 4 weeks  WOOOOOOOO
it is raining here in Mexicali, which is pretty amazing because it almost never rains...enjoying the rainy night 
At the Miami airport checking out magazines...about to fly to Venezuela to visit some fam...I'll miss my tech but I'll love the food 
@Reemski Wow, that is some memory! Yes, it was a while, actually 12 years ago! Bless ol' Mexico, what naughty fun that was 
@RealHughJackman Are you ready for some spicey food in Mexico? 
Latin room! is the best 
My Hispanic mother taught me about anticipation: deja que lleguemos a casa cono!!  
Going to Jamaica, enjoy your week tweeple 
@phillipyates oh dude, no more complaining...have fun in Jamaica 
@alizahausman But who am I to talk? I'm neither Jewish nor Latino. 
@JonathanRKnight the weather better get better soon cause i feel a cold coming on sooon...i wish i was still at Bahamas 
@98PXYRochester HEYYYYYYYYY!! its Fer from Chile again 
@advisormackenzi I'm one of your new students going to Chile!  sweet 
Did I mention I'm going to Mexico? OMG, I'm going to Mexico! Aug 4-11, teaching classes in Mexico City Aug 7, 8, and 9 
@dougiemcfly Chile people speak spanish however the south of chile speaks german 
@tommcfly heeey tom! I'm so excited for your visit  to Chile! I'm waiting 
@dougiemcfly Wouldn't that be something nice? And people from Chile speak Spanish. 
Wow, I just got mentioned on national television TV Azteca as the #1 twitterer in Mexico. Cool! 
till tomorrow twitterville!! 12:30 in Colombia  xox
Just going out of Mexico 
@desih Yes princess I'm Jamaican no I don't do music videos...unless I'm the lead girl 
@jeffmoo where you goin boo?    AHHHHHHH I've never been outta the country before!  (Mexico doesn't count!)
