Most common words for this cluster:
[('might', 310), ('could', 64), ('today', 21), ('day', 21), ('time', 21), ('work', 18), ('tomorrow', 16), ('tonight', 13), ('night', 13), ('week', 11), ('quot', 11), ('amp', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Might', 0.9839767217636108), (u'Could', 0.8669911026954651), (u'Would', 0.7593129277229309), (u'Can', 0.7441152930259705), (u'Should', 0.6979959011077881), (u'Does', 0.6875531077384949), (u'Did', 0.6770249009132385), (u'might', 0.6570760011672974), (u'Will', 0.6559462547302246), (u'Is', 0.6338183879852295)]





@fancyelastic Would use red onion if we had any. Chives are abundant at the moment so using them instead. Lid of sunflower seeds is stuck 
Might go sit on the swing and do some revision later. I want to go on holiday 
Might get into a fight tomorrow 
I just wasted a sheet of paper! I don't know what to draw anymore  Might turn in early tonight, just not up to staying up late tonight. 
9/2 (4 ov; 5 wides). Might be a chase to watch after all but I cannot fight the wrath of the wife to watch BGLR put up a challenge!  #IPL
Food is not coming   oh well, I tried.  Might hit honey kettle chicken, heard it was aight.
I call white castle burgers Belly Bombs----so yummy but 15 mins later my stomach is aching!!! Might be that I just ate 10 of them 
I call white castle burgers Belly Bombs----so yummy but 15 mins later my stomach is aching!!! Might be that I just threw up 10 of them 
@dalziel_86 *Facepalm* Sorry.  Might go delete that last tweet...
mega tired today. Might have had somethting today with downstair singing away until the early hours friday/saturday 
Shoot. It's almost 4am and i'm still not asleep. Might as well stay up 
Knees starting to get worse again  Just taking the other 2 tablets the doc gave me at the hospital. Might get a little spaced out, lol
my god. Might have bitten off a bit more than I can chew with the mootools intellisense - taking agesssss and its so nice outside 
Might be time to move the coffee pot to the studio. Hmmm, but the 1/2 'n 1/2 will still be downstairs. 
Wow didn't realize I had dial-up again! I may even wait to do it tonight or tomorrow if it keeps going this slow. Might even call in! 
I'm freezing  Could someone please turn on the sun??
Apparently our efforts to save The Depot worked, this place is friggin pacled, with a line out the door.  Might have to bail on this plan 
Might be getting sick!  NOOOOOO!! I've been doing so good this year! Drinking hot tea, taking amoxicilin, and getting some rest!
Up early gonna buy some running Shoes my current ones are pooped! Might have to ride to wales tom morn to retrieve lost bike helmet. 
Wow, this is one hard mattress. I hope I get some sleep. Might have better luck on the couch. Yikes. 
@ProudLoony I couldn't get that one to download! Might have to try again! And all the ones I made won't play on ipod - wrong format. 
Might give blood tomorrow, needles scare me though. 
It appears I'm allergic to mo-fo everything today! Running nose, eyes, skin is all flared up. Could be perfume, milk or pollen or all 3! 
Might just be letting go... 
@Jenniewrenbird It doesn't seem to let me get onto that website. Might be because I'm across the pond. 
Might go back to fps games it saddens me 
Might be doing a design-build gas station...sweet. Have a lot more work today before I can get my school work done. All work, no play. 
Bummed that I won't be going to Bandung with mum next week, thinking that I still have the ticket. Might or might not burn it. 
Bored  Might as well go and watch the logies o_O
Okay i am in Trouble I don't want to go to work --- Might just hide at home  sigh
That's a lot of sugar. Might need to cut back on the cokes  http://www.sugarstacks.com/
@jahmes I have but none of the solutions seem to work  Might take it to the apple store tomorrow.
@rawrrgasmic bring it on, really. I cant sleep  Might as well fight a girl for a clumsy title.
is down with the sickness.  (Might not be at baseball.)
@GEMBLUEEYES That felt very false! Might it be a nice guy that goes bad...hmm original 
@gnomeangel  Thought your link was to your painting. (I want to see! Might have to come over this week - I'll cook veggo for you?)
http://www.absoluteradio.co.uk/ I don't think I'm gonna be able to record though. Might be struggling to listen... 
Might of just killed a squirrel. 
I'm hoping that the Medici is not like some of the reviews at apartmentratings.com... Might have to look elsewhere 
Falling back in love with 'my' juno-60. Might all end on tears tho if the guy who lent it to me ever turns up and wants it back 
Might have found my nimbuzz problem over 2g on 3uk. Yes its 3uk. Works great over o2 2g connection  i'll add to 3uk problem list
Might not get to see her boyfriend for a month if his mom wont let her come over......sadness *tear* 
 killer headache. Today was half good and half bad. Could use some good news.
@momentaryzen i'll try . Might have to werk  i cn barely move
Every time I have to offer to the next in the list I lose money. Might just resell the whole thing 
Looking for creative uses of split toning and color calibration options in LightRoom. Couldn't find these in the book I just bought 
Kind of busy today. Not feeling so hot. Couldn't sleep last night. When I finally did, had vivid nightmares. 
I failed  I had chocolate mousse after lunch just now. But only because when I'm not well I need chocolate. Might go for a nap now.
Up, gotta sing in a couple hours, LORD I am tired. Might not be making that beach run today, I got a lot of work to do 
I don't care I don't want to go to Singapore to live even for just a year  Might be neat but still no.  But I may have no choice about it.
Friends coming over for a roast.   Could do without it today.  Not in the mood for people 
Gunpowder Green tea to take on a hike. Might wildcraft some honeysuckle flowers to dry for tea, etc. Too bad camera battery is low 
Typing up my interview for @SomethingPunk. Couldn't use the video since they randomly turned off the lights on us 
Devil Dog has returned. Might soon be shipped out 
Well..I am awake, but wishing that I did not have to work today.  Might as well start getting ready for work I reckon.........
is praying that Dex will get to sleep soon - keeps waking &amp; coughing, then getting REALLY upset  Might be a loooong night
@lauram68 ah yes. Strange that it's signed. Might have email lauren and ask. Bummed i missed her 
Finished my revision for the day  Now i have to worry about the exam tomorro :S .  Might have to do even more revision! 
@eliphant That song ... Might as well be strangers? Or something. It makes me cry 
@dawn_dewar hiya, gottago on some feed thing then gradually wind down. Could take all week  how is oneself?
is bummed. i accidently glanced @ her ex frm a distance-only 2 see hes looking pretty good. Could he possibily have a date tonight?  
is bummed. i accidently glanced @ my ex frm a distance-only 2 see hes looking pretty good. Could he possibily have a date tonight? 
@Lamoomita I feel a lil better bronchitis still kickin my ass..... Might not be able to go out this weekend 
The Midas guys found another problem with my car.  Might be another few days. Fuck the Pinty.
Now I guess I better go contribute to the argument my group is having on starting levels in Spycraft. Couldn't stay offline the whole day 
Just got Blink-182 tickets. It's bittersweet. I wanted to be so much closer.  Might buy tickets for another show next week too.
I could so just curl up and nap now... No movies on till later  Might go to the shops and have a look. Sleepy though haha
Might make it to CLUG install party after all! I've had 2 music cancellations back to back. 
@KateEdwards oh I so would. At work on my own. Might try to get someone to cover me for a week. Think I need to see my psychologist 
Wow.....I've been stood up  Might as well go to work.
Going to work.  Could use some happy pills 
Might have broken text messages. 
Fallen in love with enter shikari again. Might go for a walk with the lady later. @work now though 
More BBQs  Might buy some disposable ones some time.
Loaded up box of recyle stuff for Salvation Army,but took  corner too fast..everything is all over the back.Might have to recycle to dump 
It's not the internal fuse either  Poop. Might have to get the spare out of the loft, although that might be a job for 2 people...
I am in so much pain I really don't feel too good. Couldn't eat my dinner 
I hate my vserver. Java says: Could not reserve enough space for object heap 
A message from @Songoftheoss Could you let people know I have been booted off 
Bummer... Might not make it to the sunday show, hopefully some sun will shine on this cloudy day 
took a nap with Micah just now and I'm still exhausted...Might resort to coffee...wait no, it's too late in the day for coffee 
My friends all left. The leaders are being mean. So i have no one to drink with. Might go find a homeless person to befriend. 
Had a great time tonite w/Monkey, but am totally exhausted! Might actually fall asleep b4 Hubster gets home! 
Just made those no-bake cookies again! Might have put too much salt in this time though 
@Knucks looks great! Might consider one to replace my mighty mouse as the scroll never works correctly 
Might sound stupid but I love the fact I can still hear the train passing from our house. I miss you.  ::punch self in head:: damnit.
Might go home from work have got sun stroke just from my 10 mins brake 
Just got some annoying news that's gotten me down, Could do with a fun time now really 
@JGIWC someone knows FAR too much about entourage....unfortunately, I just have season 2 which is now over  Might need to remedy that
@clamgas  thanks so much! Might not make it to to downtown pm tomorrow 
@rakefet27: Saw yr tweet. With a guilt-ridden sigh, I have to say: No. Couldn't swing: bringing kids, or childcare, $ for paid childcare. 
I think I'm going to hit the shower shortly. Might have a sandwich, first. Wish I had some salami 
These presentations are awful. Could be condensed to a tweet or two. 
Might be an early night after all 
@allisonmarie23 nyoopes  missed two weeks of lessons already. Might miss another this week too 
Might bake some spicy banana loaf to take this evening... so worth the baking aroma.  Oh wait, no eggs! 
Mates 16th was amazin i got a present too a major hang over  Just chillaxin at the mo , Might pop into town then watch mtv movie awards
Might go to Gower after the Arena next week. I have been recalled to present again  but it should be over at last. One way or the other !
@tommcfly Come to Rioooo! Could get some waves today! 
@kedawen it's always been mild since 2006. rarely gets over 85 here now  Might have to move out to Boise.
BORED! Might go for another shower. I've well hurt my back 
@keniehuber most definitely! Not next weekend, say the one after? Might gorgeous in B'klyn, but it's gray and oogly here in Manhattan 
@MayLouis Oh dear  Might you be allergic to something?
Might not be out early  i'll make it home soon as i can. People need to stop reproducing, i could've been out by 7! Darn kids.
Might watching some more Buffy (Season 2). I can't sleep, it's too warm 
On my way to Disneyland! Might be the last time I get to see the 50th anniversary fireworks before they go away.  
Might have kidney infection... 
why am I so tired??? Might have been the packing, cooking, etc. and being up at 7am 
My boy is lil feverish. Not interested in eating at all. Might have lost his apetite. #makesmesad 
Might have to move again 
Weather too good for working. Might have to find an outside job today. Oh well gotta go. 
Gutted the last Titanic survivor has died  Might get out my documentaries and watch while packing.
It was my bourbon biscuits   booooooooooooo. Now I have to pull the fridge out to get them back! Might need ice cream to recover!
@pennifred just woke up, 5am, with a massive sore throat. I will keep you posted. Might be sick 
I miss my grandma..  .. Might go to the cemetery this week..
My computer died.  Again.  Might actually be fatal this time.    For now, using Nicks puter.  so sad.
Might not get to golf today. It's raining 
Might have to shave my playoff beard sooner rather than later 
@HostessTori Aurgh!  Get a snack and settle in.  Maybe listen to a book on tape.  Might be a while.   
@xLucyloox H Might need an operation though 
Enjoying A fine bottle of Admans Broadside! Might not be helping work productivity though 
Migraineeeee.   Might have to go early.
@GOODENess357 indeed. And i aint dont crunch-the-first.  Might be a &quot;coverup&quot; day for the kid....LOL
Might try and get an early night, college 2moro - too tired   night peeps x
Fucking pissed? Might not be going to eau claire now 
Well, even though it's later, I was still going to go ride some tonight, until I looked at the radar. Might be a bit of a problem brewing 
@mzsullivan  not that I've seen ur face but I'm guessing the pimple doesn't have it that bad. it should cheer up. Could b w beetle juice
Might have to take another migraine pill 
Might not have a job in a month 
I've been asked out on a date to an Offspring concert. Might have to decline. I has fever 
@OneRovers Unfortunately yeah. Might try and sit out in the park at lunch for 5 min 
@charleymarley There is one at Wembley - bit of a trek though tbh. Might have to wait till i need supermarket next  or could i improvise?
@LotusYoga Isn't it gorgeous! I'm stuck inside, working  Might go for a nice walk later though 
Still haven't had any dinner. Might have to resign myself to microwaveable lasagne 
@10TheDoctor10 Me neither, I think the site might be down! 
@dianashere haven't seen that. I did see born to run and another amazing song. Couldn't watch longer tho  it was so late
Might lose my favorite piece, of all the things I'm working on these crazy two weeks. Woe  Please-please, may it work and be great...
@KrisBordessa I went down there one time because front was busy.  Couldn't find any English Speakers 
@JayBergers - just replied to your mail. Might not be able to help out 
is feeling the #saablove. @thatguyben isn't...  I am going to clean my inca's. Might not feel the #saablove after that...
Might be headed to the doctor in the am. 
Feeling down   Could school have anything to do with it ?! Obviously YES!!
Where has all the sunnyshine gone  Really will do anything rather than the hoovering.  Might alphabetise CD collection first...
I could really go for some green twizzlers from the Freshmarket!  To bad its so far   Might make a trip this weekend!
@ctjensen So jealous! Couldn't go and already had tickets... missing all the fun 
@amyordreamlogic -  no email from you got through - how screwed up is that? Could it be some intentional security thing to U.S-only?
@rubbaducky42 judging by the comments we get on top8 in regards to noisy podcasts, i would disagree. Might have to wait until next week 
Going for a nap then watching Jays game.  They're gonna get killed tonight by Greinke   Might play a Step 6 after.
Might skip the arts festival this year. 
So yesterdays surf was small, today is even smaller  Might just go kick a can around!
Might have to call it a night. .  Nobody wants to hang with me. 
Might just go to bed now. No internet still  (oh you crazy college kids)
Might b takin a  L 2nite cuz aint nobody tlkin bout going out.... 
Sad stomach.... Might go to hospital tommorow .. 
@migliving Might keep you out of the fridge too though... 
What it this yet stuff falling from the sky that we haven't seen in so long. . . Could it be rain by any chance. 
What it this wet stuff falling from the sky that we haven't seen in so long. . . Could it be rain by any chance. 
just woken up from a long might 
Might be at work til 7 now! 
We'll see about CrossFit - am seeing a physical therapist on monday. Might have to go in a different direction, which blows. 
I need to get out in see wassup, but its hot out there   I don't wanna melt. Might just go get my manicure so my toes will look pretty.
Might have streped throat :S noooo it hurts 
Might go lay down, headsche 
Hangover was freakin hilarious! Might be the funniest movie Ive watched period! Ps work is gonna mess up my whole day spent in my boxers 
@mrsjoemac I thought it was boring. Couldn't get into it 
@rlaforest I wish I could have but the wife is pregnant and about to pop.  Couldn't take too much time from home!  
Might get an early night - feeling tired already and need to get back to normal waking hours before going back to full time college 
Might not be getting a macbook after all... Broke my moms laptop.  Sorry mom 
@danielstein it's particularly sucky in bay area. Seems counter-intuitive, no? Would hate to see you go back to Sprint  wait for 3.0?
@AlexRevirell (I've read up to the last book, missed Backup though. Couldn't order it through local bookstore.  )
Finishing laundry before packing for #WWDC  Couldn't check-in online for my flight  #delta #fail
I'm really missing my mom. I get crazy when I feel like this. Might end up on a flight back to Tampa tomorrow   http://twitpic.com/6sjgi
Has mono, and finally has a day off. Might have to pass on the zoo trip adventure @hoperose  be nice to stare down a tiger though.
Power out! Couldn't happen at a worse time 
@steno the social network usability principles link is listed with Google Blacklist. Might want to get them to fix it. 
Might as well rip my heart out. I &lt;3 you Bandit 
@cdhinton Could've done with a commentary. Could only find Chinese and Spanish streams working today 
Another laptop fried.  Couldn't have happened at a worse time..sure could've used it while waiting in the hospital this week. 
Might have a heart attack if there is a tornado 
Ugh. I cannot go back to sleep. It's toooo bright.  Might as well...get up.
Heh. Must leave, kiddling. Might be back later.  &lt;33
Why do I keep getting illll   Not eaten in 24 hours.  Ow.  Might try and eat a crumpet...
@13thoughts Aww man  What am I meant to do now? Might as well see if I can start uni early
@Meehra  Might be the last... you know that you are killing me. I'm impatient by nature. Just told @moonlight2530 in yahoo minutes ago.
Might be getting sick AGAIN. 
@Hooded Might cry.  Going to go to town soon as to get the new one now.  
@MissChriis saad  i miss you too i'm bored as hell . i've got to go  . Could you please dowland for me all the new video about the...
Night all. Going to try dreaming now. So muggy &amp; hot though. Might be back 
chest is hurting again, Might go back to urgent care. 
Might drive into town tomorrow and check on my app at Carnival. If that fails... I need a job  #squarespace
Even my run wasn't productive. Couldn't complete the route I did yesterday. Ending this counter-productive day and going to bed. 
Might be done with grand valley two years too soon. This is a killer 
This drive home is ridiculous. Might not be so bad if my cruise control hadn't gone out. 
@the_lfk the guy says I was too nervous. Couldn't do anything correctly. Couldn't even tell left from right. 
Off to work. Might take friday off as well. I miss my sandy quite terribly 
Might be a busy day! Having breakfast and not feeling too well.  
Still throwing up a lung.  Might have to go get soup.
At work watching maintenance being performed. Might be here until midnight. Sadness. 
Bear died  Could have been fall, could have been tranquilizer, they don't know.
@jbogard I won't be able to make it  Dr's appt. Might be able to catch the end of it
Absolutely knackered from a day at school. A2s sounds interesting though, so it's not all bad. Couldn't tweet yesterday because of storm. 
@davidm_en Might help, but then someone will probably come up with a hashdrupalcms handle 
Underweight &amp; malnourished. Might as well have an eating disorder 
I feel sooo awful   Might just spend tonight tweeting!
Never thought I might use this 3 letter phrase but I am tempted! Might be getting my radio back though..woopdy doo Badgel 
Might go vid some POTO...but first, I must tend to the dishes! 
@tinkermom No car charger for cell phone.  As soon as game was over I took off.  Couldn't get out of there quick enough!! I've been home
Might have broken a toe 
Finally finished blogging, whew! Hangin' w/my hubby. T-storms in the forecast early morning. Might be on the trainer instead of grp ride. 
@vampyrebabydoll no  Couldn't afford to drive that far and pay the fee
Might take a nap. Not feeling too good. Want to get out 
Slight tmi: I just threw up. Might not be around much today. Going to try and pass out again. 
Righto, just got home... Heading off to the pool. 4.5km endurance swim tonight, then the gym if I get time. Might struggle for time now. 
@Takhisis_uk  Couldn't he do it instead? :/ I don't think I'd be able to do that for someone!
bugger... @tweetmeme is not counting the retweets   Might have to disable that #plugin #wordpress
Think Scalaris is broken. Might need to find a new growl talking twitter client 
have decided I would like to specialise in infectious disease. Not ideal for a dietitian  Could I do four more years at medical school?
@rentedmule No clue.   Might be from my arthritis or I might have been born with it. Will know when I see the specialist.
An unspecified cat threw up sometime between 11 and 7 yesterday, and Gadget threw up this morning at 7.    Might have to get that cat xray
listening to saaaaaad music. Could cry 
@GERETTA I can't get any of your links to come up!    Might be my computer...
Might be joining a gym. 
Exercise was a partial success; my body definitely takes more than 48 hours to recover.   Might make it hard to do it every other day.
@gregcoley - goddammit! Might be a tomorrow morning job i guess... 
http://twitpic.com/7njan - working on a pic of julia, but I can't figure out the hand. Might give up on it 
My head hurts so much!  Might just go to bed early...
Lakers parade looked pretty cool. Couldn't make it  but def celebrating tomorrow night!
@sheisXiomada girl I don't even know!! At least it turns on! Could be worse! 
@SmartMouthBroad @reannatugiri Hiya... was just rescuing a bird from one of the cats.  Might be too late, he's pretty hurt.  
Bad weather coming my way!! Might need to take shelter 
@dr_nic Might have to halt the revolution; I've just been tossed some new things to do before teatime. Curse, drat, etc 
Listening to some 'Patron Tequila'. Might not be the best song but I'm trying to fogot something ughh 
Might have hit a cat tonight.  Take car in Fri. to get it fixed. Kanashii!
@Guillermo_F I didn't enable it. It was just there. Might be a remaining part of bossprefs on firmware 2.1 though 
 so tired and sick  off to work I go. Might have to work the weekend TOO. yay 12 days in a row.
I'm sad ...  Might have to take my doggy to the vet tonight!!! She is not doing to good :::sigh:::
Some tickers look too similar. Might buy the wrong thing 
i think tom might be dying too 
@HelenWayte Might get a few bob for the tent, not so sure about the kids the way they've been behaving lately. 
I'm cold. Could do with a cuddle 
@foofly: It backfired  Might go on a superhero tweeting spree later, see what finds me.
Might have overdone it with the weights this past wek and my left shoulder/rotator cuff.  
Might get the env2 my samsung glyde sucks 
Tuty where u at? Couldn't even fuckin say hey baby mama I missed you just come on talkin shit!!! Today not the day.  @mrzhollywood.
Might possibly be the worst night ever 
Might cry mom and i at the hospital i might not be able to go to the club tomorow im sorry you guys  i wish i could come tomorow and s ...
If ur listening to @nkairplay, you may need to refresh ur players b/c I just reset the server for JBlock's show. Might've kicked u out 
Disneyland was fun!  Couldn't find a hat that matched me  Found a ToyStory mug though [YAY!]
Might head up to Starbucks or some place with better internet...internet here is once again hampering productivity  #fb
Might not be able to get his Sidekick because of unlocking issues 
Might have to leace class in a second.  I am on our break and am stuck in the bathroom... 
Might have to take Bart to the vet 
Might need to replace my motherboard 
I think mine might be too 
Might not see crush today... 
Might be outgrowin my longtime love affair with greenery. Just turned down two opportunities to chief. 
oh... I just realised gagas show started 30 min ago..  and im not there. Might Q_Q.
We got kicked off Venice beach for filming #teamftsk episode 2 without a producers permit 30 seconds b4 we wrapped. Might delay release 
Going to check on cat. Might be getting sick again. caught him squatting on one of my grandma's funeral plants 
Ouch  I have a sore head from last night, and am now off to Afan mountain biking. Might be slower than usual!
@McCoyDigital noooooooo! Could never get into the new ones ( ok anything other than the original series) 
Might start using the ladies. 
Awww looks like no one wants to play tonight.... Might have to play alone.  #horny tweets.
is sedey. Ghazi demam. Might hv to cancel the shoot fr tomolo 
Car place I trust is booked for the day. Might not make it down after all. 
At karl's. Could be the last time at the miller manor... 
Hour on the treadmill and 54 minutes on the elliptical. Couldn't make it the last 6 minutes 
Might be getting a cold  upping the vitamins stat!
@NikkiBenz Sorry to hear that u feel bad. Might be the weather. 
Might have to go to bed soon as I have to be up by 12:10 to catch the #f1 on BBC1 
Weeks of wrkin in rain &amp; riding in truck = sore back acting up fast. Felt ok b4, now not so much. Might b end of day 4 me. So much 4 sat 
it is pretty much impossible to keep a 4 &amp; 6 year old quiet while grandparents are napping.  Couldn't play outside because it was raining 
At a party for my friend libby's graduation. Might have to left before she gets here 
@Siahwalker i too am stoked @Timlebo will be joining #bidwell. I hope i can go to the show. Might not get to. No job means no money 
Might as well stay up a little later if im up this late already..lol i hurt my neck  i hope it gets better before the concert! : O ???
Windows Server 2003 Setup. Could be an interesting day 
@Lazalot Telly still knackered...  Might take the back off it later and see if I can make it any worse... ;)
Might be getting sick  That really sucks!!!
Might have to fly across this seaport and push some of these KNIck city dancers over the ledge. 
Running late to studio. Might not knock out those 3 tracks after all 
wanted to drop the finished &quot;Sky Might Fall&quot; on the premiere of Transformers 2 but it wont be mastered in time 
This book signing is nuts! I'm with @CaseySG at @LaurenConrad's book signing and its packed!!! Might not get an autograph 
One big bug in daily ppa of mozilla apps.. &quot;Could not find compatible GRE between version 1.9.1pre and 1.9.1pre&quot; !ubuntu 
@melissaox uh oh. It doesn't sound good. Might want to see a doctor 
Someone's brown raggedy dog is loose on Clearwater in #BloNo. Might have an owner, looks like it may have a collar but who knows. 
Not feeling well at all.. Might have had something to do with Empire's Chicken curry... 
Didnt notice the typo until after I sent the txt. Nothing much going on though BBs. Might leave twitter. Pointless to update &amp; not read. 
@StephenMilnes Hmmm. I like the first three. Might have to give the latter two a bash. Tried to call you earlier - must be signall-less 
Shit morning of pt.. 1 cancellation, 1 no-show, 1 show at wrong time just as left  Could have got to the pool early and longer in bed!
Hunting for a new home to rent. Got fleas from one place and there was a crime scene next door to another. Might increase our budget. 
Might have broken a vertabrae  Broke my toe.. Cool;; im falling apart.
Not so good, Houses here are SO old! Might just have to settle on an apartment 
danm I'm awake at 2:52 a.m. Might stay up for about 2hours more *hint* I can t go to sleep 
never got much sleep last night and I'm working a 9hour shift today  Roll on 6pm... Might have a nap on my lunch today!
Ok, it's time to rock-n-roll &amp; go to work   Might blog or twitpic my day (not while driving obviously). L8r
Okayyyy. I have to go. There's nothing to do with this computer. Might tweet with my phone. I think I might have insomnia again. 
Wondering where the sun has gone?! I was going to sunbathe with a book in the garden.  Might go and do it anyway...
My work messed up my pay. Might not get it till Montag 
@QuietAsAMouse sadly yeah.. Couldn't get a job and I'm out of money 
@JodiAlbert Erggh it's so bad this year! Usually tablets work but not this time  Might try those two things so thaaanks lots! xxx
Might temporarily 'un-follow' @huwstephens because of glasto jealousy...at the recommendation of @christt mind...no offece huw I'm green 
My tummy hurts  booo. I wanna go home and rest, I don't feel well. Might be going to Ryans, for now? HSM.   C xx
@GingerVlogz Might go to Worthing some time this week. 
@Yiao - Feel free to mail the plans  Might help me shorten my document :-P
@tb03102 Agreed. Might be a little bit of irony mixed in there... Maybe not, but there just may be. 
@ThePaulDaniels My gran once lost her house keys, only to find them the next day in the fridge. Might be worth a look, just in case. 
As I said, I'm really bored...  Might just go and watch TV with the rest of my family.  Yeah, bye.  
Wish I was a kite. Could drift lazily where ever the wind took me. Floating in the pool is as close as I can get 
Might sneak out at 1 am to Denny's?! @reply if y'all are still there then 
@TerriCook oww bless ya! I just laughed yet so not funny!Could just picture you doing it though! 
@VVbrown Might see you in Camden! Spending all afternoon there, then going to KOKO for a gig tonight 
Might get a little tattoo 
@Leaser_r Might just do that sometime - thanks for the heads up 
Might be getting a puppy  xx
Lounging in the sun with my hw. Might go smear chocolate on my neighbours window 
@RachelHawley Far too nice a day to be stuck inside, I agree. Might develop extreme claustrophobia as an excuse to get out of the office. 
@y0rkfiles Lol, cool. Might work with him/her then! 
@xiape LOL I know dude,, she's 1 on 29th of may &amp; only got a bit of fluff on her head... Might put 1 of  my mums chemo wigs on her 
@socilover lol, nah, I told you how late I stay up, this is normal   Could have been better, not as many fun people working?Or bad dishes?
Footy tomorrow  ; Might go see a movie tonight.
Might get out on the golf course tomorrow if the weather gods keep this up  
@JFJ24 I know but thinking about which is better subject or time-based approach. Might be better to use wiki but I hate wiki design 
@PaulHarriott Hmmmmmmmmmm yeah Yawn!! Might have a voddie later  How's you?
Might play some games, be back later 
Feel like im going to pass out? not very good. Might go take a shower and rest for a bit... 
got to Ann taylor- scored a great pair of jean and cute yellow top. Might hit another location tomorrow. 
@Debra_Y Might be too much, although &quot;#stalkingsaturday&quot; would be interesting. 
I took a nap after eating a phenomenal home-cooked meal; now I am up at this hour.  Might as well get some work done and tweet of course 
Bedtime! Might have a new beau in my life. 
@brightondoll britney...... Like as in spears?.. Lol, um, try doing someone with talent... Might be more fun 
So knackerd !! Might just chill out today in the sun 
@TherapyOnline sounds fab! Might be possible to have 800 attendees broadcasting with onlinevents, or is that the stuff of fantasy 
@metaphysical1 might not be what you're expecting though, but we'll see what you make of it 
Might wet myself with the excitement of the day!    Footie, sun, wine, pizza, and Liv!
@jrc_why_me I'm alright.  Seriously miss talking to you. Haha, but I *might* survive. Might...
@GaryPHayes Eve - nice! Might have to start playing myself... 
Might be getting a ipod touch tomorrow 
Got done with her fanart and is happy  Might brawl or go to sleep soon
Seen the doctor today. Everything was fine! Might go for ultrasound scan just as a precaution 
@Katisha_Honi Might be cute to do a little picture book called &quot;The little book of boring&quot; 
@mcarvin I don't feel too bad, but not sure to what I should attribute that. Could be cold &amp; flu meds; nap; alcohol; or getting better... 
Hmm. Might try this out for tomorrow.  http://bit.ly/u5rAC
Might be in the middle of a perfect weekend... 
@TravelTweetie I will go to sleep now. Might be awakened early w/breakfast tray from my 'spark' &amp; my 'joper' w/their Dad's help 
I want unlimited texting now. Might go to at&amp;t tomorrow to change my plan. 
Preparing for tomorrow nights play session, which I am looking forward to very much. Might have a more intimate one tonight as well... 
@collabguy Very interesting.  I can't touch type properly, but can see how it would be faster than qwerty. Might give it a go.
@lizziedr No but we're gonna stay in Shang and they're staying there too. Might as well stalk them and ask for a picture. 
Might be a reading tutor soon..i need Moolah!! 
On treadmill, waiting for yoga class, watching CSI reruns. It's so hot outside! Might go for a swim.  http://myloc.me/11wb
Might not be as big a loser as previously thought. 
@minx100 Let me know where your book preview will be posted please.  Might help me with my  writing.  I think I need a bit. 
@TribeofJudah lol! Might work! Hubby is a late to it horseman. Never had any until he met me. He is a complete natural. 
Being a sloth is hard. I can't decide what to eat. Might cook some noodles. @MayorOfLondon is so cute. Haha 
Is off to the mother in-laws to pull weeds. FUN  Might get a tan.
@MontyRules @kevatkinson @Lesley_M Might be a bit tricky playing an electric bass in the bath   I haven't got a death wish...yet!
@AddoraLive Aww i hope so! Might treat myself to a hot milo too  Thankyou xx
good morning  Or is it? I should try to go do some good 2day. Just haven't figured out what yet. Might go enroll in my summer classes.
@Heerogundam  Ta  Might do, but might save it... so I can't bend it!
My Mum's friend has brought me roses. How lovely  Might put a picture up later.
@carriegisaac, not sure I could get 10 days off work, either--can't work without my tech. Might be nice to have a vacay that long, tho! 
bought a fake iPhone from eBay. Could be good, could be terrible. it remains to be seen. It was cheap though so it's all good! 
@SensualStories I've read it and um, your other tweets would be the perfect way to start the day. Might even beat out coffee. 
can't stop listening to &quot;won't even start&quot; by @davidchoimusic ! Might attempt to cover it tonight  the album's awesome! Buy it!
Might as well attempt to spread this beyond the extents of my hashtag http://tinyurl.com/pqtdde #comics  
A few aspects of my life need to be decluttered. Might do that over the long weekend 
@Savvyhamster Ok...no growing up! Might go purple again...or black and blue...and as dark as possible...red is good on you 
@rachelbaker very cool.  Could you send me that mid? 
@Nickysunrise 3 pm sounds great! Could I come to you? 
Might go on the boat later!!! 
@nachimir yeah, it's lowercase only for now. Might introduce capital letters as a &quot;feature&quot; later on... 
Might be overdoing the ?????????? thing, but I just figured it out  Also, I've had about 4 hours of sleep each night for the past 2 weeks.
Might buy a cornet...I need a new instrument to learn, and it might be nice to have in church every once in a while!  Anyone play?
@oliviamunn Once again you were awesom-ey tonight, OIivia!! You hungry? Might I suggest the chilidogs?! hahahaha 
@brookedanielle_ OHMYGOD , that would be amazing  Might take a little long though  .. haha , i just cant think what it is
@pythons it's a PT cruiser, sort of named itself  sad but moving on to custom skate. Might call it Rolly :p
