Most common words for this cluster:
[('minutes', 600), ('half', 209), ('minute', 170), ('mins', 135), ('min', 77), ('hour', 75), ('seconds', 73), ('hours', 66), ('lol', 39), ('time', 19), ('com', 17), ('u', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'minutes', 0.8872414231300354), (u'minute', 0.7736717462539673), (u'mintues', 0.7255856990814209), (u'hour', 0.7189617156982422), (u'##minutes', 0.7181400060653687), (u'seconds', 0.6859309077262878), (u'hours', 0.6803680062294006), (u'mintes', 0.6626513600349426), (u'minuets', 0.6508943438529968), (u'Bryce_Renninger_Updated', 0.6421898603439331)]





@Kimboinlimbo no chance of that coming back when it'd be 20 mins faster than the Javelins though 
@scarletjac thanks, I know that video is harrowing, especially the last 2 minutes  I must admit I cried
I snickered for like twenty minutes thinking that was the awesomest name ever. 
@iphoneincanada no wait, their $10-cheaper package has 150 more voice minutes! It's cheaper and substantially better! Messsedd upppp! 
i'm appreciative of these few minutes of safety and freedom of thought. better go back into the fray 
Boored and im only home 5 minutes 
Just played doctor for 20 minutes, and I'm really really sick!  hahaha
headache.  t minus 30 minutes until sandwich time.
15 minutes and the parkade traffic still not moving. 
my alarm is set to go off in three and a half hours 
... battery is going lower and lower .... not much juice left ... 22 min remaining 
i want to scream. why cant you just talk to me jen? you cant take 2 minutes to talk, but you can go out to dinner with others? im hurt 
Why has my twitpic been &quot;uploading&quot; for like 10 minutes?  lol
i had video for 10 seconds... and then it failed  #asot400
first swim  in about a year arms empty after 35 mins of drills and free style used to be able to swim  for an hour plus 
i had to keep it up for 25 seconds i only did 10 
@HeyTammyBruce  I went a few min. ago and sign up wasn't clickable. 
finally done with die falsche agentin. yeah, it took me like...2 and a half hours. i fail  lol
And FreeRealms hard reboots my machine after 10 minutes of play.  
It was really easy to park but now we are stuck hopelessly in one lane pile up. It hasn't shown any signs of movement for 20 minutes 
@tootferi it's MAARAW already. it just took around a minute or 2. 
nope  not yet.. maybe in a few minutes it will?
Server crashed - about 20 mins before a 3 hour copy ended - back to square one 
I'm telling Rails/memcached to cache for 60.seconds. Rails/memcache caches for far longer, unknown how long 
spent the past ten minutes trying to find what blew the electricity in our house; it was the george foreman grill. 
Aww only 3 and half hours to go 
they just announced on the plane that we'll be waiting for abt 35 minutes to take off. So that will make us a total of over an hour late. 
But too bad Adrian had to crash when he had just 6 more laps to go   He was so close to getting some points on his plate.
eaten waaaay too much. and have to go out in 15 mins  lol x
@wandering_fox Probably won't make it after all   But if you got a minute to drop in after...
just back home half hour ago, prepared dinner and have absolutely no energy left to finish the security doc 
got back home half hour ago, prepared dinner and have absolutely no energy left to finish the security doc 
@mussomitchel that contest was so awesome to do for your fans!!! i missed it by 20 minutes  rats! oh well im pumped for the next one haha
i'm sad  why do i wait until the last minute.. 
@shantl I have to leave in 5 minutes 
why is this keep happening to me? that call's so last minute..  really wanted to experience training at tgif,.
Why am I awake? I have to wake up in three and a half hours. 
So happy that finnally i can signing in 2 gmail although for only few seconds... 
as you can tell from the amount of tweets i have put out in the last ten minutes, i am bored and having a very un-productive morning 
I am SO tired  5 more minutes....
I really hate it when I wake up a few minutes before my alarm goes off. 
@katedickman kept me waiting for 20 mins 
Hour and a half of driving for 40 minutes. Need to think things thru next time 
@L8NiteRowWL you weren't online i wanted to talk to u for a few mins 
@AmyyVee It makes me so sad  But hey!! She's an icon non-the-less. ? She's really funny as well after about that 5-minute mark hehehe
@me_chiel minutes later the light crashed on the floor and broke into pieces 
Still waiting for that delivery... must leave in 15 mins even if it's not there 
@karlcandido hah 7 and a half  hbuuu?
Just got my avalanche of Qwitter emails. All 42 (many repeated) of them in under a minute. 
@bridkeogh nope, out bid in the last 9 seconds 
In the last 6 minutes and 56 seconds my queue position has dropped from 12 to 11 - extrapolating that out isn't pretty 
making PowerP -&gt; last minute 
i watched 3 episodes of gossipgirl &amp; then the site told me id used up my mins &amp; had to wait 54 mins before i could watch any more 
@iamajeanius i feel really crap jean.. unless i stop throwing up every few seconds i wont 
wake-up now (14:00), just remember I waked up even in the middle (10:00) and stood up for 2minutes in honor of the 6milion-jewish 
Not happy after her shots!  it made me sad. I would have taken a million shots 4 her so she didn't have 2have em http://tinyurl.com/c ...
@step_up_steph its fine. I don't know if ill get mine. They leave in 30 minutes &amp; it usually takes 45 minutes from where I'm standing at 
20 more minutes!!!!!!!!! don't fuck with me fate and make me stay longer 
It's storming. I don't like them and Sugarbutt is 20 minutes away. 
1hr 35 mins left then I can go home..  still too long
Off to work in 20 mins! 
@glnihol they care if I'm 15mins late cuz then they take an hour 
Waiting on a client. They just called- they're going to be 30-40 mins late 
energy level update: after lunch = 10; 20 minutes ago = 5; now = 0! 
@ddlovato winona'a hometown is about 30 minutes from where i liv, but i've never sen her 
uploading video it will be up in 15 minutes i know im mad late we had everything go wrong yesterday 
Sphereing is disappointingly quick!!! A 2 hour drive for 30 seconds on fun!!! 
I work in 20 minutes 
@dreday11 its only 20 mins... 
The bus was supposed to leave 20 minutes ago, and it's not even HERE  yet! 
got a good fifteen minutes of kitten cuddle time in. it's potato's last night with us 
@keytar you're mean to me  also, 5 hours, 26 minutes remaining :|
@Valgal210 @smiley_steph I got restricted for 15 minutes! 
@fouzalsabah Shaaare min wain u downloaded 
@Winstonita lovely to see u too, did manage to stay awake till 4.15 for the fight.over in 4min20secs tho 
Too much on my mind, I can't sleep. I'm supposed to be in for church in an hour and a half btw 
3 and a half hours til i arrive in london, and be lost 
I think it will rain in a few minutes 
I hate having a reason to get out of bed and then for the next 15 minutes you stare back at it, wanting to be wrapped in sheet warmth 
@kate38381849 but it was about 40 minutes ago 
@panellabean I have!!! I usually stretch for like 5 minutes prior to running 
@VaughnieRose ah man. Thats like ten minutes after i got off.  oh well its my fault i wanted to watch king kong. Lol
@cartoonmoney And, actually, we need more seasons, not just a few extra minutes  I want Pushing Daisies back... *cries*
@WONKAnation ah damn. I'm like 15 min from getting there. that's upsetting 
@bingofuel LOL thanks for stealing away my cheerful pic title when I've only had it for a few minutes 
Taking a shower only 2 and a half more hours 
one of our cats has been staring at me for 20 minutes, she's scaring me 
@MistaFuture :  I tried not to bring it up to you lol but I had to. It was the best series in a minute though!!
is about a minute away but stuck in traffic.. I hope he didnt come on yet 
An hour and a half in this meeting, and we're still saying the same things we were in the first five minutes. 
Is so sad he still has 5 hours and 22 mins. 
Watching 'Changeling'.. it's 15 minutes in and already sad 
@bettymaccrocker aww.  i'm glad that he gave her a shoutout. she went to bed like 20 minutes too early!!!!
@DonnieWahlberg in bed about 45 mins away from you 
In thirty minutes 
omg, did you see the close-up of the fan storming the B stage? she gets so scared  3 minutes in http://tinyurl.com/c3sfuv
my lecture starts in 4 min 
@markwharvey Wish I could brag more, but my pace is sad.    I'm typically a solid 10 minute pace, this had me at 11:52!
It' started raining, I can't put the washing out now   What a silly weather, one minute is so hot and the other minute it's raining!
@ashleymmitchell Maybe...It was good, but it was not good in the listening section.   I will be able to get my score after two weeks.
At my nanas. I enjoy driving. But only have 9 hours and like 35 mins. 
We tried to go to the infamous Rubelad, but the cops showed up like 30mins after we arrived 
is really annoyed that shes working on derby day  and will be checking the score every 5 seconds
shoot finally starts! 2 and a half hours behind sked. this is like air deccan delay! 
The sun is about to come out and my room is bright.. I mosy def wont be going back 2 sleep if i dont do it in the next 10 minutes.. tear 
@MariahCarey M there is chaos in lambville at the minute its crazy  I cannot wait to hear from u bout all of this!
have to go to work in 20 mins  nooooo..
@thedevilicious how long did you run for? I can't even manage ten mins  xxx
@nanisnap We had to make some brutal cuts though to get it down to 7 minutes from 10. We had to take out some top notch stuff as well 
i cried few minutes ago , i couldn't control my tears ,  i feel i am sentimental   :| :-\ :-\
I just want to sleep one more minute 
@AdrianChung The average is like ... 10 min 
About 10 minutes away from beating assassin's creed... But I need to go to work 
So I went to check the door and noticed a bit flaking off that I'd missed. 2 minutes later I'd removed half the paint ... again 
This time last sunday about 15 minutes ago me and jo would have just got waved at by @mcflyharry at gatehanging 
I leave for a few minutes and completely lose track of what is going on... 
Constantly being interrupted by students wanting last minute help before the test in 90 minutes time 
@kailamac Aww...I used to live 20 minutes away from there  #shouldmoveback #heybabyhowyoudoin #shameless #lulz
I miss @wwicked12 I hope she is feeling better. I need my other half 
I miss @wicked12 I hope she is feeling better. I need my other half 
He singed out 1 minute ago. 
@mmproject - had chinese 20 mins ago, i regret it now 
Why is the last two minutes of the episode always the slowest to load? 
I have 12 minutes left of being a teenager. 
Not a fan of early starts for last minute jobs 
@gaytheologian : sorry man. I can't wait 40 min, then watch two hours worth. I'm hitting the sack and then waking up early 
going to the asthma nurse this morrning so scott gets an extra ten minutes in bed. He's not so well 
@darraghdoyle ooooh I got excited for about 3 seconds there 
I was three minutes late 
sugar! i feel asleep again and my exam is in 2 hours and 25 minutes and i havent revised the last 2 sections :O LOL! fail time 
damn! just accidentally closed my browser while trying to dl an hour and a half video! 
@lightsdownlow he didn't even give me my merch. i saw him for like five minutes but he was so busy. and didn't want to confuse him 
About   10 minutes back to that stupid internship :S   BOOEE
I'm only two minutes into the sound editing of my five minute film. The sun is bright and I predict no sleep until after class. 
no free minutes yet! 
the new screen is killing me!!! I don't think I can stare at it more than 30 minutes... bad 
@ponk ive still got 25min too 
@nyramohamad ah wait.. i have a function last minute one  ish... mati i cant go to either outings
Shoot, have a long, boring meeting in about 15 minutes. 
is laying on the couch 24/7 and hating every minute of it! 
got my first driving lesson in 3 minutes. im SO nervous! 
About to turn 39 in 5 minutes! 
@sonnetXVII no  we just turned it on like 10 mins ago....i'll look it up later
I'm really missing my better half... I love him sooooo much!!! I really wish I could hug him right now... 
i've been waiting for like 15 minutes for instant noodles.  christ, i'm hungry.
@AbbyRo I would go in like 2 seconds if I wasn't 2300 miles away. I miss you.  And them. @megtastic1521 @samaracb
@tommyklindt 30 minutes later than I thought 
@davidtaraso :| It's completely dead?! &gt;: Now what site should I visit every five minutes 
I really miss my other half 
nine inch nails &quot;hurt&quot; ? http://twt.fm/115700  unfortunately u need to wait like 20 seconds  
aww 60 minutes is soo sad 
watching 60 minuets... sooooo sadd the pore little boy.. he is so adorable 
4 minutes later....................still doin the same thing   
Just watched &quot;60 Minutes&quot; it was so sad 
@cantanta I almost watched from the beginning - but I missed the Brucas kiss by a couple of seconds 
Parents have gone out and I've managed to injure myself within the first 20 minutes of them being gone 
@Omgkatie  I'll be over in a min? (I wish..)
it took me 10 minutes to get out of bed, and 5 minutes to get out of my room because i can't move my legs 
@outrage_designs I will have a minute's silence 
@nilesugar So true...tried that a couple of years ago and slipped and bruised my ankle 10 minutes in the game 
is soaking in these last few minutes in bed before heading back to the library... 
I don't want to go home.... Seriously... headed to the airport in 20ish minutes 
Just woke up a few seconds ago. very tired &amp; sleepy  x  x                                     ~
my brother is leaving for indy today and i haven't even gotten to spend like twenty minutes with him. 
wow to many thins had happened! I love my JSis they leave just a few minutes ago.. 
Sitting around for twenty minutes 
is missing his better half 
my other half is calling me stupid 
Awww It's over  I didn't get to listen to the begining...I only cought the last 40 minutes  And it wont let me listen again.. #mcfly
:'( i have to turn off 4mins the radio  c ya in few mins!
64% and three minutes left  noooooooooooooooo
with an 8-minute delay, my monday started. yay... gosh I'm tired 
when i say minute i mean 1 hour 9 minutes 
leave 4 skwl in 15 mins 
just sobbed for a good 5 minutes after watching the ending of prison break 
missing my other half .... he's so far away 
@joannayoung It's dulled now though.  And the job's going okay, but the long hours are a killer at the minute
#onthebus It only took 25 mins to arrive 
Ive only been in 91 minutes. 
got an exam in 3 and a half hours  tragic drama, oedipus and hamlet! going to fail miserably
OH: i've only been up for 3 and a half hours, and already i need a nap. could it be that i'm ill?  http://tinyurl.com/q5emfm
- it's taken about 10 minutes to render a gradient on a banner I'm producing 
miss u gma     2 months ago down to the minute she left me
4 minutes left to clinic programing and I still cannot run the DrPython 
@Xenooo haha. i wanna teleport there when angel texted me. that archey will be there in minutes for autograph signing  i miss you too!haha
ugh.. slept in. got ready in like 7 minutes.  wicked tired.. blahh.
I got quite excited for a minute there http://bit.ly/FpFNp  too bad it's an error 
regretting the extra minutes in bed that prevented me from going running 
Transcribing interviews is such a drag. Especially when the best one stopped recording after about 30 seconds 
I'm about to flip out if my connection dies again. Its died twice for a half hour plus and I've only be home for a little over 3 hours. 
For a few minutes I thought the stat prof forgot about our final. I was about to have a great day. She's here now 
So annoyed when our own application in production need several minutes to open some pages. 
blahh my hand hurts ... nearly 4 hours of non stop writing  .. 5 min break is in order i think  x
about to be in homeroom for 15min 
need to go and get ready, leaving in 10 mins 
Has to go to work in 7 minutes 
@SirJamesy i miss you  i'm only on for a couple of minutes. just wanted to say hi.
@MarBelle But but but... estimated boot up time is 16 minutes on that setting! 
I think I'm going to throw up any minute. I dunno.. I just feel really bad. 
I can only twitter once a day for thirty minutes  srry guys
going to work in a few minutes....  ... yuppie
@alilfatmonkey aircond shut off 30 minutes ago and am still in da office 
Is tired of my phone acting crazy it seems to be on a thirty minute delay.... 
@rialistic I watched the last 10 mins  Faiiil.
dreads costly decisions made at the last minute 
just got on the bus... ipods nearly dead... twenty minutes of torture...  xxMeg
1 hour of me convincing and 5 minutes of her breaking up with me. Must've been a much more terrible boyfriend than I realized. 
1 hour of me apologizing &amp; reassuring; 5 minutes of her breaking up with me. Must've been a much more terrible boyfriend than I realized. 
I'm back  sorry about that computer crashed and I've just spent the last half hour trying to fix it  so hope it's ok now 
can i just sleep for another 10 minutes!?? 
@kaleenka I'll hve to try that a little ltr!  We just spent half hour holding her down, making her scream in terror trying to remove it 
ok so no puppies or ponies in any of the packages  . Lots of bubble wrap tho. This will amuse me for at least half an hour
And damn the teacher did come  buu now we have to talk for 1 hole minute about don't know what.
In 6 minutes my birthday is over 
In 5 minutes my birthday is over 
jonas brothers tickets sold out in twenty minutes!!! i cant go anymore  x
@droptable which is what I did...but it makes me sad   but 12 posts in a minute was just too much
Just walked past 1 of the male models at the lifts and loved evey minute of it. . . how sad 
I wish I didn't have to go back to work in fifteen minutes. 
10 more minutes of staring at pointless nothingness and then i have to study 
almost caught like ten fouls at the angel came 
@domenicaax3 i left 10 mins after the cocnert finish  did he come to the lobby?
i tried to stay away from the internet, but i am weak   10 minutes is all i'm allowed!
A few minutes has turned into over an hour, havnt left yet 
I can't sleep because I'm having a coughing attack every 30 seconds 
@mobscenes Our storms only lasted for like 30 minutes and then went away. I tried to send them to you. 
@debbylovespr I know. We came back from 22 down in the 1st just to lose the lead in the last 6 minutes. 
had my lip pierced for about 30 minutes.  and then it died.  
@sirhova I was supposed to go to philly as well....bailed out last minute 
finally got out of a 12 km traffic jam. we'll probably not be able to make it in time for a few laps tonight 
@catashton I got my film developed at asda, half of them are just gray!! And some have a black box on the top half  why? 
@JCinQC it is far from downtown, 30-40 minutes or so  and they do have veggie burgers
why do I always wake up ONE minute before my alarm is scheduled to go off?? 
On a 10min brake. At wrrkk ... its 11:06 and its over at. 11:16 
half of me wants to go to sleep, half of me dosen't. shoot. my other half is  dying of sleepiness 
Why oh why do I always forget to take the medication I'm *supposed* to take 30 minutes before breakfast? Just taking it now at 1:30 
The parking meter computed 25 plus 25 is 40. I got jipped! And the 10 free minute button didn't work. 
@dabusStop thats terrible  I enjoy being with you every minute!
But anywho, I just got in and out of the pool within like 30 minutes because it's about to start storming 
Watching southpark for another 20 minutes 
so tired.   only need to be here another 30 minutes.
@BefiBeez i just posted it like 5 mintues after you got off 
@jojo_jtv WHAT! I was only gone for 30 minutes and you're already showing boobage without me? 
@drama4three  For like 30 more mins 
@stonernation Wait I posted my post 7 minutes ago during the first.. does it make it invalid? You just announced it 27 minutes ago 
@Frawlz but its for all threeee of u  I guess u can answer ur half lol
ahhh.  it feels good to sit and put my feet up at last! But I have to play chauffeur again in ten min. 
The glass is looking half empty today....i don't like half empty 
????? ???? ????? ??????. ?? ????? ? ???? ? ??????? ???? ???  I miss them in first seconds 
@TheRealJordin i cried at that story at the half...all i can think about is how upset he must be right now! 
My birthday ends in 15 minutes! 
So hungry! Ah greggs takes too long. We ordered over 20 minutes ago 
@iowafootball i know  i dont know how to fix it either..one minute it was there and then poof it was gone
did i just spend thirty minutes googling lace front wigs and just as much time watching videos on them &amp; discussing it with ny? 
Twenty three minutes of youth left 
@aliosun hey, no fair. i get a first before you get seconds. 
To the gym in a min.without my halftime banana 
I'm not a techy...I'm clueless a techy would have it up in 5 minutes to my 40 minutes  didn't I say I was clueless hehe
I took a record half hour to settle down to work..  and its stil ticking.. man i need to optimize that 
It's been off charge for 3 minutes and it's down to 48% already  and it's roasting.
@ooomz its  a hour and twenty minutes long video, my 256kbps narrowband cannot support it live 
1 minute late to get in n out  had to settle for gas station sandwiches.
@mnp345 i ended up getting like a 30 minute late headstart so i rushed while shaving my legs and now i have cuts. 
My other half is far far away from me 
Ah back to work in 2 minutes! Suuuucks!  x
is working today   just had a half hour break to work on the bikini stomach though!
half-term is nearly over 
@geesmyangel that will be my outfit for tommorow lol i have to wait another 15 minutes before i vote again 
@rosemaryninja My battery's on less than 300 cycle counts -like 199- and it dies within 20-30 mins without charger  Why mb, and not mbp?
Statistics exam in 40 mins  #staturday
@cmantito I'm 50 minutes in already, it looks amazing 
Earls is having a very nervy start -- three knock-ons in less than 15 mins  #lions
@katyperry sometimes you have to wait a few minutes until its changed. i had that problem many times.. 
so far the nine o clock isnt here tweny more mins and we cant take em  tattoo tonightDDDDDD
@cdhinton no idea.. One minute it was workin, the next the screens dead 
Pheew, a 15 minute run isn't as easy as it used to be! 
@evilmaharaja I stopped watching it after 15 minutes because my dad called me to workout with him! So i didn't get to watch it 
@StephBizzarro it rained for like 45 minutes though  real hard, but i brought a poncho so i stayed dry  &lt;3
I've been queing for 45 minutes at the bar. I'm invisible 
Does not know how much longer she can tolerate the half painted half unpacked flat 
My head is stuffed full of troubling thoughts. This is not helpful, when I have to get up in three and a half hours 
. @Eladar it finishes in 20 minutes tho 
@theycallmeTAP  what story????? yikes.......i'm going out in a few mins. 
@drPeripheral I spent about five minutes trying to come up with a funny response to that. Nothing. 
i can only hold my breath for a min and 20 sec  i thot i culd do more
Oh @mosso why is your ftp so so so slow.. takes 10 seconds just to authenticate and then file transfers timeout 
working in a few min (4-10pm) missing the wings game 
@lettermark No.  5 seconds in, no dice.
my boat sunk in 15 seconds 
Only have a few more minutes 
@LeaL714 they left a few mins ago. 
@justcillee caitlin's dad decided not to drive us last minute 
shooting some threes in about 55 minutes. I have a sorry ads free throw 
http://twitpic.com/6ao3b - my mouth is watering! 40 min wait inside 1 hour for outside 
I admit it I can't live a minute without u !  I'll die without u.
@coooney and a half.  ilh.
My arms hurt like hell  two and a half hours.
At a stupid grad party  11 min down, 4 hours to go
after snowing for 10mins its now really sunny! my snowman is going to melt 
Up in 14 minutes. Not in 3D though 
@vBSetup I'm having trouble with retweet.it as well. It takes five minutes to log in and then I get an internal server error 
Man. Not even a 10 minutes drunken phone convo with one of my bmas can make me feel better  sad times man. I love you?
my 10 minutes are up     back L8r!!
2nd excuse is that they overlooked another person ahead of us. Its been an hour, we were told 30min......  the food better be worth it!
A total of fifteen minutes before a fight broke out 
so sleepy, but i still have 50 minutes of duty. 
Ugh im so tired. But i have to stay up for another hour and a half to make sure i get all of my laundry done. 
I just ran half a marathon and it took 2 hours 
@_KateDenali_ yeah me too  i only saw the last 5 minutes of the game becuase i was like at a party for like 4 hours
I'm sorry  I've got some stupid problem with my internet. It won't stay on for more than like thirty seconds
@memith her cousin left her at the hospital 30 minutes before she got out 
@buildingcincy we left 10 minutes ago  on our way prc.
my macbook is sad... power cord port is so loose i'm scared to move it 'cuz it takes like 20 minutes of fiddlin' to make it work again... 
phones ben powering on for 5 minutes already 
@gunkanator I only get a half wave?  
@EviLovesMcFly I will have to go in a few minutes.  x
devastated after the result yesterday; after the goal on 25 seconds I'd have gone all out for the 2nd; easier said than done... 
can't believe half term is over already 
@alefifer stuck in detroit. missed my connection by -5 minutes. They closed the door on 13 of us  boston or bust
Last 40 minutes of it. 
@pbwotw i went to a retrospective in edinburgh, expecting to hate every minute. but it was great! the two guys didn't like it, mind you 
power will be gone in 30 minutes 
@Ainse About ten minutes ago.  
@iamtrefusis Motivationless for 1 hour 32 minutes &amp; 38 seconds now. I see little chance of recovery 
@B_0891 nope we got beat 3-2  the captain scored an own goal in the last minute :|
@the_hit_man exactly the same here. I just went off it I spent 20 minutes on that 1 level 
taking a quick study break. Two hours down, two or three more to go depending 
@gfalcone601 even if i reload the page straight away it tells me i have to wait 20mins to vote  i want you to win!!
One of the worst feelings is waking up 5 minutes before you're alarm is supposed to go off 
@MissPeyton i was on my balcony for 4 minutes yesterdat before being attacked by mosquitoes 
finally have a min post race... half completed in 2:10:45 I THINK! nike crapped out on me.  more l8tr
@SkyDigg4 it was straight... What u been up to I haven't heard from u in a minute! U don't f*** with me no more.. 
Finished the half broken down. A cramp in my right calf almost knocked me out but I still finished with a 1:57 time (49 min @ split) 
@Ennellekay but you could of taken a minute to see me  laaaaaame lol
Where did my half term go? 
I used to take about 10min to get home from the airport. Now I take about 10x, like 10x10=100min. Like 100/10=10x you know. 
Driving to work seems like such an amazing idea during the ten.minute drive.   Then you circle for an hour  looking for parking.  
Missed my roster edit by 1 minute 
@lainie I remember my first ebay bid. It ended up with a bidding war 15 minutes before the close. I lost. 
@BiznezNinja shit was gone in 2 minutes. 
biology tomorrow. fanfuckingtastic :| but on the plus side it's not 3 hours, it's 2 and a half. beautiful. fucking. b.e.a.utiful. 
going now.. need to do some last minute cramming!! 
@tommcfly its amazing! but its like 10 seconds long 
last minute bio revision now before i have a shower, bad times begin tommorow 
@YayaOoh It's missing the last 15 mins of act 2 
Really high pitched, irritating alarm going off somewhere for over 10 minutes  No sign of fire just annoyance on my behalf
@katecameron2002 I don't think she's come out officially, but that's not important.  It's finished now  It was only on for like 5 minutes.
@DowneyisDOWNEY I'm going to bed in a few minutes. 
I'm off to bed now up in 7 and a half hours       *cries.
20 mins from home and i owe john 3 shots cause the cavs lost 
Missing my boys &amp; counting minutes til I see them! 
It is raining!  but just fourty min ago it was hotttt and 90 degrees??? =/
yay one and a half hours down...and ive done....200 words...oh 
5 hours, 24 minutes, 40 seconds until hurricane season 
'the hills' finale in ten minutes! can't believe that its over 
59 more minutes...   
@langfordperry lol, saw you in Friends a few minutes ago. too bad you guys stopped filming already 
can't sleep!  outta my mind, be back n 5 minutes!!! lol
@jeanniefeed I had one for like 2.5 seconds b4 returning it 
@loveshine aww i got carol's sloppy seconds 
I've been up since 8, I still have 1 and a half to 2 hours until I get home, then I have to wake up at 6. 
@arielwaldman well, you also tweeted at 00:01 - 1 minute after applications were due in... 
i log into the mainframes only to be greeted with teh message that it is coming down in 10 minutes! #fail! 
hour and a half left... 
I lost 10 minutes of my life just by waiting for elevator 
@Breathemusic27 yeah. I have to leave for colorado in like half an hour. 
has her exam in like 2 and a half hours 
going outside for a minute, then mommy says she has to go to work.    I don't want her to go!
2 an half hours sleep, damn its taking its tole on me 
There's a really bad storm coming so my internet could go any minute 
@skinnybonejones Yes.   I tried not to get murderous just a few minutes ago as a co-worker was making jokes about it.
@MiMaMe The mini one drives me nuts, I used to be able to do it under 10 seconds but can't anymore 
ugh im either extremely hot and overheating or freezing cold in the space of 2 seconds. jumper on jumper off. now im hot and cold 
No head phones and a 20 minute walk 
4 more minutes to stay in bed for a little 
why does it take me so long to check in? It adds about another 20 mins of faffing around to all my tasks. 
@half1113 - buh, I don't have any here with me. 
I miss @jeremykheide. How is it that we live less than 5 minutes apart and still can't seem to find time to see eachother? I'm sad. 
my feet are so sore  pe studies was actually okay and RMPS, well that was fun i finished 35 minutes in :L
@alirana Wish I had a 6 minute walk to the office... my commute went from 25 minutes to 40 minutes 
@sabrina215 Just spent 45 minutes trying to fall back asleep and it ain't working 
@KristinSchweain I've done that before. D: I was only able to use my laptop for 40 minutes or so.  I wasn't able to go back for it. 
I'm going to bloody miss about 40 minutes of the conference. 
And... Glamber's battery is about 20 minutes from dying! So sad 
I'm sorry that was more than 10 minutes 
So I tried this for like 2 hours: http://bit.ly/n88xh okay, more like 20 minutes... and no go 
i have to go to college to revise chemistry on my half birthdayy 
@anilam18 Shoot I know me too...I missed it by like 5 minutes 
so like then about 5 minutes after i sat down the monk moved to another bench 
Feeling worse by the minute - coughing up flem every few minutes  but I am a trooper and am still at work.
doesnt want to have to let another girl go in 40 minutes 
@mfsoccer94 Curses! If only I was a few minutes faster 
hates you, last minute ebay bidders *sob* I want my new trilbyyyy 
@JordanTatana i got about 6 and a half, but it was heaps unsatisfying 
i have to go in 8 minutes. 
damn internet was down for over 30 minutes.  went down right at the beginning of dreaming tree.  
not feeling well at all    my throat was hurting earlier but just got 10x's worse within the past half hour  bed time.
holy crap 30 minutes 
Still on the first series of downs after 4 hours. And this awful left tackle is screwing us over 
i miss my boyfriend.  we live seriously ten minutes from each other. lame.
feeding my j&amp;k+8 obsession in 7 minutes!! i wonder if i ca shower in less 7 minutes and be done before it even starts? 
@LuvinMeSomeD  I know!  I just went from so happy to so bummed out in a matter of seconds. 
Missed 11:11 by 10 min 
yeah. worked out for 30 minutes. close to dead. 
youtube video uploading is down for almost past 45 minutes, wonder when they'll be back 
fuuuucckk  i only have half a page of pannels.
ahhh last minute hw!  efff my lifeee
couldn't snooze 10 minutes because the button on his phone chose that moment to stop working. 
@TheSims3 I can't get my copy for another 10 and a half hours  still, I'm sosososo excited!
have to work in a few minutes for the hole day... 
Oh dear. Last run timed 2 yrs ago... tried same distance last night took me an extra 15mins omgomg 
i got the hiccups. ive had them for about 15 mins now -.- arghh 
just sat outside for 15 minutes, didn't want to come in to work 
cant cleep. my mind is running a mile a minute 
whats happend too good old 2 minute noodles, 
@PattiB0i Aw I really want to watch it but my speakers decided to break 10mins ago. 
@skyllo I need to set my alarm clock every 15 minutes, so I don't forget to save! When I'm on a roll, I forget to save 
eww... three more minutes. didnt study for my tests.  theyre pretty dang hard this time.
@megturner stupid me fell asleep lastnight and didn't wake up until just ten mins ago  i'll talk to you tonight i guess! sorryyyy. 
why am i up 45 min before i have to be? 
has the orthadonist in 40 mins, not looking forward to a brace tightning 
@SandiMon It rained here for all of 2 minutes, I think. Tiled roof so didn't have the same effect 
@galleysmith I thought for a minute that I was going to be a blank  LOL
My alarm will go off in 15min...not worth going to bed 
i wish i hadnt left this revision until the last minute so i could be out in the sun instead of sat inside reading about rachels and dyck 
is not happy with todays training, did about 2k in 15 minutes, but sprained my ankle  http://plurk.com/p/xwjv8
@abphd We can trade if you like lol I'm lacking on the bottom half 
I only lost half of a pound...such disappointment 
@sparklykimmy it came out, i literally got outside for two seconds, then it disappeared again. Not happy at all 
@You_effing_suck  It's only 9 here..    I wanna go home already and only been here for 45 minutes. How is u?
Missed first 20 mins of E3 
@Fazerella Lol it was really nerve racking i was there for 40 mins.  But it is not as bad as it's made out to be.
my parents have been talking to me for the past 5 minutes. I just realized I don't know what the hell they are talking about. 
@elfo930 I knowww  it's my favourite mcfly song at the minute! i dont know how many times i've listened to it on youtube! ahaha
off to math! the bell's going to ring any minute now! 
5min away from passing out, 13 hours before I am able to 
@idesignstudios @DrewHamilton it's just dis-heartening when you see them spend 15 minutes there, and not visit the contact page   #woopra
the new toaster is greatly underwhelming, it takes 4 and a half minutes to cook 
I  am hungry! I am so hungry! But still I hv to wait 1 and a a half hr 
@7419 I'm hopeless. I can't even manage to reply to e-mails I got 5 minutes ago 
flight just got pushed back two and a half hours 
@yahyan then why did you tell me &quot;i love you&quot; a few minutes ago? you hurt me again... 
I was just locked out of my house for 45 minutes. now I'm cold &amp; bit up. 
@xxLontexx $50 for 30 minutes? Or should I hold out for a better deal? 
So half of my lights are out, and I just woke up so I feel really moody.... I hate ittttt! 
@JustinColon - i have a 2 &amp; a half hr classs 
@doubtme Because! I was all super tired and I went to sleep for 15 minutes and then I woke up. And I couldn't go back to sleep. 
k, really going to bed now.  thanks @ilovemysister for keeping me on here for 10 more minutes. haha ily. &lt;3
just for back from track practise and fricken exhausted!!! 2 and a half hours running in the heat non stop! not very fun 
@sallypnut Too bad it lasts for like 10 seconds. 
@pandaeggroll and just so you know, i definitely had to wait 20 minutes for the boys tonight. but i didnt have my phone there to complain 
@seanellis I just got the joke 1 minute late 
why do I always sleep in  I have to leave in 16 minutes!
@scrapchick i took 2 more of them about 30 mins ago too. as soon as i lay down it comes back though. 
15 minutes till freedom.. and then assignments 
I think after that little spider incident a few minutes ago, my days of sitting on the floor with laptop are over 
like 30 minutes then putting it onto itunes will take awhile!  i had to pay for a program! &gt; what u up 2??
annoying americans argueing infront of us. this should be a fun 9 and half hour bus journey. only got half a battery in my ipod 
@Bensue I did after like 20 minutes and he rang back  i have a stalker haha.
The sun came for ten minutes and now its gone again. 
photo isnt the same with out my other half 
just got locked out for 2 and a half hours 
Home sick   I just joined, like a half hour agoo.....so follow mee &lt;3 xoxoxoxoxo
20 more minutes??? 
Quality of code I'm reviewing right now: 13 WTF's a minute 
@Luddsson I had to micro teach for 30 mins while being evaluated 
Wtf it was 12 a minute ago 
well its been 10 minutes and still nothing 
@kalynnallman me too  but hey, atleast i live 1.5 minutes away hahaha
@annefalgout last minute cancellation for a last minute conference call 
No blink show for me  venue sold out in three minutes on presale
Juat woke up 30 minutes ago. How is everyone? I was sleep when I got your text @ NnekaMarie 
my pc crashed twice in the last hour, possibly graphics card overheating.. 
@joeymcintyre @JonathanRKnight @jordanknight @dannywood @DonnieWahlberg And I have to start working in a few minutes! 
@AmandaLenns you better believe I am!!! I can't go this long without seeing my other half 
Fuuuuuuuuck my 360 is freezing in game or on the dashboard after a few minutes 
ahhhhh! My ipod is nearly out of juice and still have 20 minutes left on the train 
@musicislife90 waw 10 minutes !!! That's crazy hahaha ,well you're still so lucky you can see the jobros ,I wish I was there 
I woke up not even five minutes ago and i'm already on the bus. I have no cigarettes and i really need one. I hate running late 
So... walking to the train station 2.2 miles away takes an average of just over 50 minutes. A) that's a 24 min mile 
The whistle We missed the second one though. 
The whistle! We missed the second one though. 
why do i get to vote for @dannygokey continuously every minute but i don't get to for @DavidArchie? 
@nurdterd aww...i wish i had seen that earlier...i already ripped out two and a half rows... (took me that long to see it...) 
is online and will go offline in about twenty minutes. Antok na.  http://plurk.com/p/ypspg
exhausted!!!! ten minutes break! 5 minutes left to keep cleaning! 
im here!!! i couldnt get on for 45 minutes....no room for me 
@SpyMasterPhil my health timer just changed.. to reset itself every 15 minutes instead of the &quot;regular&quot; 5 minute intervals 
@HellsandBells They really should deliver! I get major cravings for it sometimes but the nearest one is 20 minutes away 
Unintended shower break and called back to chaueffer duty.  This will result in at least a 50 minute delay in finishing my paper.  
I've decided after 26 sneezes in 3 mins that I'm alerhic to chocolate ganache. Not the first its happened so not hypochondriac 
@SUAREASY omg last online 9 minutes ago?  I just missed you wtf get back on
*stalker moment* hes not texting back! Its been like 2 minutes! 
In the last hour and a half a server has gone down and people are freakin out, I wanna go home!! 
McFly on argentina in 3 minutes.. and i'm at home boring thiking why i'm not in that concert 
Missing the boy i love so much... And it's only been 20 minutes since i've seen him 
If in 30 minutes i'm still so bored, i think i'll go sleep blah 
no blink-182 tickets for me, they sold out in 30 minutes. 
I miss my other half.  Where are you other half?!
@BTenor and you guys could not wait 30mins 
T-2 minutes till downtime. 
@halfaheart i just wish they didn't take 40 min. to bake 
390 kb of 55.1 mb, 1 hour 7 min remaining...sigh. 
i just tripped over my basket and crashed into the door and now i have  a scrap next to my armpit. i was crying for about 7 minutes. 
7 more minutes until all my music downloads...idk if i could stay awake for 7 more min!  its 1:41 AMMMMM i'm soooo tired!!! ZzzzzzZzzz
I keep getting colder and colder by the minute, seriously. 
Searching for the other half of my imperfection...if you find it...tell it that im lonely 
gah..i've had the hiccups for 30 minutes now. make it stop 
four and a half stone on whilst pregnant lost 3 leaving one to go. getting there slowly 
i hate megavideo so much  wait 54 minutes.... 
10 mins to 5am and I'm finally going to bed...  not good 
lions almost got there - just needed a few minutes more 
@Loneiftw I had a t shirt on but was walking at a snail pace as 10am with 4 hours sleep in me is a daunting prospect to walk 5 minutes 
@JAMILInRealLife I'm jealous I aint shot around in a minute 
thought jensen was going to get pole, beaten at the last minute 
15 minutes till i have ran 40 miles! In a lot of pain 
@blitzrussia she's having the surgery now. husband picks her in 20 minutes. i hope she is fine too. anaesthesia (sp?) isn't good for dogs 
30 min long talk, 45 slides... can't get rid of any more of them. sigh 
Why do I always leave myself with like 15 mins to get ready? 
@SamirInVancity HOW did you do it. I've been hitting 'refresh' trying to buy my boss tickets for the last 45 minutes with no luck at all! 
@ssashimii I only did 25 minutes of skipping ok! 
7 and a half hours down, 7 and a half to go at work 
I'm waiting!  it's 3 mins late now... 
I've only been working with brenda for 40 minutes and i'm already going out of my mind! Only 5 hours and 20 minutes left 
new macintyre in -5 minutes. and guess what. i'm fucking missing it  bad TIIIIIMES!
@mynamesamy :L I don't know, I only turned it on at half 9. 
feeling kinda fresh with my new haircut haha. ten min left of my break though 
@Ugomozie  that's 15 mins from now
lying in my bed, have to get up in 15 mins 
Ugh, I have to wait 12 mins for it to upload and encode 
hes just being a fucking idiot, i spent the last half hour screaming the house down 
so I text somebody like 12 minutes ago and he never text me back 
@MissTrueStar if only you had called 15 minutes sooner 
if its a 7 hur flight or a 45 minute drive.. 
What's with vimeo... converting video has had 2 mins to go for the last 56 minutes!! 
I wish I was in jax right this minute! 
@saharabloom 'bout 15 minutes, starts pleasantly enough, then degrades rapidly into hell 
just spent the last 45 minutes in the shower. i didn't wanna get out. 
@fancyunheard i just got back to charlotte a few mins ago ... sorry 
Oh god I listened to a recording of myself talking for 20 minutes and I put myself to sleep. Does that mean I'm relaxing or boring 
Five minutes into this movie and im already crying. 
@MicahPrince Haha yeah, same here mg. I was only there for like 20 minutes. 
3 minutes til my birthdays over! 
need to read another chapter and a half then take my online final. [but don't want to.   ]
@Sammim haha, that's a bribe I'd probably take.  We leave the ac off until the last possible minute 
@simikn frick! its sooo gay outside!  is it raining?? it was a minute ago  x
60 minutes is so sad. 
missing her other half 
there is a scary countdown thing to how many minutes and seconds i have left on the computer. bye bye, intrawebz 
I miss my other half. I can't sleep 
bloomin smoke alarm needs new batterys and it keep beeping every minute 
has been trying to disconnect from netvision for the last 20 minutes. still on hold... 
A pack a day, and bordering on a pack and a half.. How do I cut back? 
just got ip 15 minutes ago, i'm glad, hedgehogs were getting hurt before i woke up 
I think we missed the last one by like a minute. Aaaawwwwww. 
15 minutes untill mathamatical hell!! 
I'm not sure football's worth all this bollocking around. I set off from my parents' 55 minutes ago. I've managed a few hundred metres 
For a minute there i lost myself. 
Its so annoying when your download cuts out minutes before its finished 
@JDotSlinky lmao saw that last night...I was really tempted to hop on the train but I def wouldn't have made it in 15 minutes 
@Chijakane I know and I feel bad I didn't go but I have to walk there and it's about 45 minutes to get there and 45 minutes to go back... 
@soaps3 Its like 45 minutes   I could probably drive closer but when I get into the city, I get lost...LOL
survived mermaid tri #quarry ranked 170 overall  but finished at 1hr 18 mins yay!
back from my half ironman, raced it steady (ironman pace) felt good, not happy about the bike tho 
@eunicecute same! =.=&quot;  I always leave it to the last minute, i have to write a two and a half page speech 
Is it bad I ate 5 pickles in the span of 15 minutes?? 
Talking about twitter at noodles with my Bffs...minutes away from heading back to  normal 
Turning off the apprentice.  I'll never get that 10mins back 
It's only 1:30 ish.  3 and a half more hours.
Looks like I may have missed my flight by literally a minute. 
i just  tuned into the last 20 seconds and heard who got fired now im annoyed plus i thought it was started at ten, o well 
@jessicafarley I jogged 10 mile then did 2 n half hours of indoor football 
@Dojie too right, has been 20 mins now and still nowt.    
Actually...I think it's finally kicking in but why am I focusing on peeing every 20 minutes 
@joe0616 yuuuup the 20 minute demo was HAWWWWWT..makes me want it even worse 
@AnnCurry 45 more min. for me to wait 
@tabloislove I couldn't get past the first 6 seconds. 
Y did I think this class was 45 minutes..its 75  I guess its better than 90 minutes. (What's the score ya'll? Lakers losin?)
brb for like 5 minutes i have to do the dishes 
@archangelmaggie dangit!  it was doing that to me too earlier. idk. i just know we can only vote every 20 minutes. 
@estherrrrrrrr: yeah w/e you update every ten seconds and you couldnt respond once to me 
@littlebites wanna share?  my little guys took a looong nap and just woke up 45 minutes ago!! 
magic balll w/ .6 seconds left 
Ugh! I need to get a steadier stream of income to at least maintain minutes on my cell. I want to text, but I can't... 
went for a 10 min run...gahh I hate running...and exercise in general 
my hour and a half phone conversation with ellie totally ruined my studying drive. now i'm going to be up late 
half assing studying for finalls. 
i dont wanna drive anymore  give or take an hour and a half left
im finally going to sleep. and i have to get up in 4 and a half hours 
@ianternet last 5 mins were also horrible 
@nicksantino ughh i cnt go to warped your not going near me your going like 2 and a half hours from me 
Just bought a scratch card and popsicle like 30 minutes ago. I didn't win anything 
@exortabreedoll i didnt sleep... at all, now i have to go to work in 30 mins 
I me 30 mins to get out of our street (normal 2 mins) and an hour to get on the highway (normal 5 mins).  Should have stayed at home 
About to leave in a few minutes to brave the rush hour traffic. sigh... 
so I woke up 30 minutes ago in so much pain and can't seem to be able to go back to sleep  doctor at 8 and work at 9 blah
@FagunB lol.. it stopped here too. Just rained for a few mins. 
32 more minutes..32 more minutes..  it cannot pass any slower.
power poit presentation in 5 min.  well i dont know much about our topic. who had call me in the morning?
going to friggin bio review for an hour and a half.. then coming home to sleep, I didn't wanna wake up so early 
watching mod, going to school in ten minutes 
heading to training in 60 mins and physio after it... yessss, great day 
@caitiejayne yeh but i missed the other 35 minutes of the episode ! 
If only I could get ready in 25 minutes, not 85 minutes, I'd be able to wake up at 7.30 instead of 7.30 
sitting in a traffic. my exit is only an half mile away and not movig anywhere 
N bed not wanting to get up   just 2 more minutes please
is taking a break from the rats....only for 5 minutes though ...  
was sunbathing 2 minutes ago.....it's raining now 
Oh men im so dissapointed right now, 19 hours spend on my portfolio website.. And because of a mistake I remove the database in 3seconds 
i have to wait 48 minutes 
Bad night=bad run.  Only 1 mile in 8 minutes 40 and both legs are complaining... 
@davemclellan Had a good pace going (3k after 13 min) but I missed the 5k turn and ended up on the 10k. They waved me thru. 
Meeting canceled  15 mins of sitting around now lost 
@alroker sweet jesus i hope you're right about that...  don't think i can stand another minute of that trash!!!  
ugh, woke up 15 minutes ago. kind of impressed i made it to work this fast. doesn't matter though, i am still the worst. 
@thebruce0 I'm not sure, I lucked out and got mine in the first minute so I didn't really pay much attention to the details...  
leaving for boyne within the next 30 minutes. i miss nathan  can't wait to see him when i get back.
About to go to work in a min...... 
My energy level is kaput...still an hour and a half to go. 
@Cacity87 yea hopefully   an hour and 10min. For MATTs though.
The cricket's all a bit... less exciting now  And it was looking so good ten minutes ago. Botherations.
oh no!  they're shutting down for an hour and a half.  i'll be sleeping at that time anyways so HAHA to people that have to log off haha
@soundzdj so we started at 4pm instead. my poor friend had to take a break every half hour cause it was so bad up there 
I just got up a few mins ago 
heading to marching band in thirty minutes. i can't find any sunglasses! 
The storm lasted a mere 2 minutes. 
@kkjordan I didn't even get to see them! I caught the convo about 10 minutes after it happened. 
I think I might cough up a lung in a minute. 
@JLSOfficial I can't believe you didn't stay for 5 minutes, there were only 4 of us!! We would have really appreciated it! 
@PhillyGG yup! Its been out for about ten minutes now. So sad 
flat tire in arrestafield county.  10 minutes to clean out the truck, five minutes to change the tire, 45 minutes to have it replaced 
@KnightOnline will any gm's possibly be on for felankor restart?... Koxp'ers on ionia especially are always there waiting 
Going to the gym in a few minutes. Haven't been there in about 3 weeks 
yeah so its been half an hour and still no reply 
that was a half assed worout 
One little mistake... Now I get to wait 20 minutes in line 
stuck in global again...with an internet connection that crashes like every 10 minutes. grrr. 
@3btracks   I'm not performing anymore, last minute drama!!! So sorry.
@SimplyTonya it tomorrow but the tickets just got sold out like 10 minutes ago so I'm sad  thanks
I hate waiting i have 15mins more  lol
@mremills it was last minute  I wasn't expenting 2 go out...
It's all over in 10 minutes. 
@PErezhilton.....sooo cant get there in twenty minuets 
Hanging out with the very pregnant, due any minute  @polarbek, who never tweets. 
ugh..I don't feel good. I spent like 6 minutes writing this.  omg, I have the fever. *cough and a cough. @.@ this is horrible, *cough
just ran a 5k in 42 minutes, most triumphant! but now I have a blister 
@YoungRebz naw, i meant why u leave me? u left me hangin for 17 mins   i missed u
round two will be here in 30 minutes! 
I ran about a mile and a half! I feel great! but yet, totally out of shape. 
@starkissed they deleted it after like two seconds 
Thinks she heard gun shots a few minutes ago. 
37 seconds for a meet and greet!  
10 minutes for a bombay sapphire and tonic.... this is dissapointing 
just watched 72 minutes. thats all it would let me. 
@AngelVashir  yeah, i saw. Missed her for 10 minutes... *wimpers*
My little sister is about to be 25 in 48 minutes. They grow up so quickly 
i miss my other half so badly 
I just had deja vu for 5 minutes. it was freeaakkyy 
@onlysongzbabii 13 minutes left. 
I'm already counting down the minutes to go home! I have such a headache! staring at the screen for too long 
so far ive been aweake for 19 and a half hours 
Missing my other half tonight.  
is off to work now and will miss her. i hate spending more than 30 seconds away. i get sad 
I'm absolutely knackered! The boy got us up at 5 and spent the next 90 minutes kicking us in our own bed! 
ok, answered 9 tickets in less than 4 minutes, but still haven't found the problem regarding the mailserver in the other company 
struggling to kick start my brain after 12 hours in bed that felt like 12 minutes 
He likes me. He really does! 2 and a half hours sucks. 
back to work in 30 min... 
Taking a 5 minute break from galvanic cells and redoxreactions... i hate electrochemistry 
I woke up with a tic under my left eye half an hour ago and it hasn't gone away yet 
: what usually takes 20 minutes from house to fort and back took an hour and a half  http://plurk.com/p/11bc8p
two and a half men finished 
oh dear   a  speaker who talks for 10 minutes before moving off the slide's first foil - not good
Most disappointing match ever. The last 2sec goal was shit. 3-2. 
about 15 minutes left of having a free house  noooo 
30 minutes until break. 27 minutes until my laptop battery dies.  #140conf.
I hurt my thumb while playing keeper a couple hours ago. 
@smackfairy a cross trainer! I am so cross now! They tried to deliver it at 1305 yester and missed them by 5mins! Its ridiculous! 
@Jonasbrothers i got your cd last night at midnight  i had to wait fifteen minutes for them to put it out  but it was worth it!
@ladymix if only your traffic report had come 5 minutes sooner 
It seems that about sixty percent of men will have an affair during some point in marriage.  How discouraging.
I was sleeping and then woken up by other half  I'm sleepy! 
i suspect it is about 90 minutes late 
@reidsan gahh credit! you reminded me i have to top up too  credit sucks. free minutes plz!
last min update b4 departing to st.pete, london and madrid...will be missing my other half 
It feels soooo good to be in bed right now, but in 10 minutes I'll be on a bus to work 
@pappe_it_is When I go early, my cab is the last to leave.. and when I am half a minute late, its the first to leave 
@MissBridge missed the relationship hour...    but I'm here now...   And def move on!!!
I'm ready to go home  only 25 more minutes
@comefilljulia69 I feel some love. But I have to go to work in a few minutes. 
@tx_girl now that i think about it, i'm over my minutes this month... can u get on aim? or we can pm? or i can call you after 9...sowwy! 
why did I  just scuff down the other half of my lasagne 
back from filthy dukes gig - it was amazing but no elevator  gutted less than 5 seconds ago
i'm pissed! (sort of!) i woke up very early just to retreive my laundry but i still haven't got any of it! company pictorial in minutes! 
I am about to cry and throw up if I don't find my ring in about 2 minutes 
It's been like 50 minutes since there were 20 minutes left  
gets ready to go out in 2 minutes and waits for friend for 28 minutes 
Only 10 more mins!!! 
@TheMelodramatic It's the worst, isn't it? I do it way more than I'd like to (or like to admit.)  I may try some crackers here in a min.
My phone got wet, apple won't replace it.. It turns off like every half hour 
it got my hopes up  26 more minutes folks.
I just made two 1984 references with 5 minutes. I'm a dork 
missing my boyfriend  we talked for like 2 minutes today. 2 MINUTES IS NOT ENOUGH!!!!!
Test postponed 15 minutes... 
has too digg a hole in about an hour to bury @shelley075 bunny 
@xoreneexo22 i know the probably won't come on until the last 10 minutes 
how is it possible to go from a complete high to a complete low all in only a couple of minutes????? 
has been up since 5.30,walked nick to the bus stop  ran 20 mins,showered , breakfasted,still an hour till i leave!
just woke up 10 mins back, n it really sucks wakin up so early....... 
Waiting to aboard the plane. One hour and 30 more mins 
@mzreese u kno how many screen shots I can do in 15 mins lol plus I wanna see him 
I feel soooo bad.  hopefully iphone 3.0 in 22 minutes will make me feel better!
12 minutes till knockoff... I cant believe I drove 20 minutes in the opposite direction to home to work just to spend an hr at my desk 
I'm getting so good at this getting ready in a rush thing it scares me  I enjoy taking 2 hours to get ready, not twenty minutes !
@chrisMibacache lol aw  haha in 3 seconds? goodnight xoxo
i'm so hungry!!! other 30minutes 
I hate last-minute doings! 
always searching for him, even if I just see him just for seconds 
omg the hills starts in 20 minutes, my family is ganging up on me because i said i was cold,  but its freezing outside.
i find a good song is few and far between these days.  i have a 30 minute ride to work and i did not hear one good song the entire drive 
I was just coughing for 10 minutes straight. I hate smokers cough! I wish I could find a way to get rid of it. 
How is it 11pm? I looked at the clock a minute ago and I swear it said 8.30 
@sowasred2012 provided he's fixed the craziness of the last 20 mins in the 1st flick. i didn't know what was happening any more. 
 4 more minutes of lunchtime left, bad times. But my @jonasbrothers album has arrived. Yay.
ohh NO!!! i knew it. in a minute i feel tops now so sad 
50 minutes until iphone 3.0? we can only hope 
it took 2 and a half hours to get home from airport. why oh why jakarta? 
I just spent five minutes trying to find where my facebook groups were. 
watchin 60 minute makeover and i want a egg chair 
@kdamato i know!!!! they changed it back at the last minute! 
@key714 it's crashed on me twice in like 5minutes 
@blairherter I feel ya.  I've been clicking check for new software every  5 minutes 
@LostInInaka If only they had one for getting a husband off to work in 5 minutes or less too 
i really need another half on bebo 
Me very tired, half dead already lah! 
downloading 3.0 right now baby! why does it take 40 min 
Downloading 3.0 - 25 minutes to go 
logging off in 30 mins 
ong 3 hours to download i really need a better broadband connect 1.5meg just isnt good enough 
@leguape I've got a 56 minute stretch ahead of me tonight 
@gofyourteacher not half as mean as leaving us 
My download just reset.  I'm back to square one with 49 minutes remaining. 
@MarcHaduch when modern warfare 2 is out :] // @devante92 2 pwns in a matter of minutes 
@Shizzy_ 2 more mins left.. 
How do you lose a quarter of an inch?? I'm now only 5'4 and a half 
10 minutes to go, then off to bootcamp   being an adult sux
I luv how I leave ontime and the connector there us an accident so I've just been sitting here for like 15mins 
after i said that like 5 min later it started up again 
@BlackWannabe it sucks  its anoin y they dont just say on the spot they like some1 else instead of playin along until the last minute
45 minutes and the video was gone 
@techlifeweb man I was excited for a minute.. it's only a beta patch for existing users.. I don't own v3 
I miss my better half 
i can't touch my toes anymore   so i worked out for like 10 minutes.....so lazy
@CHRISDJMOYLES http://twitpic.com/7nr2q - And I was less than a mile away drinking by myself  I'm soooo lonely lol
@eidann I have 33 mins to go. but have to leave in 15  
THAT was a horrible work out... only lasted 20 minutes on the treadmill and I feel like I'm gonna throw up and pass out  
@pinkraindrops It's lame!  I just spent the last 30 minutes reorganizing everything and it's still not right. 
wendys coffee toffee twisted frostys are yummmyyy. and it's only been 2 hours and 15 minutes and my nail polish has been messed up. 
@TEYANATAYLOR what u tryna clear up? and when u going live? I been busy  haven't seen u live in a min
Apparently getting to trivia 75 minutes early isnt early enough to get a seat inside  if it rains this could get ugly
@peterfacinelli Wow your counter IS really messed up it was just at 216,360, and it went back down to 216,167 in a matter of minutes. 
I have 5mins left and I am just walking around linthicum aimlessly... I'm hungry 
center of pressure lecture = eaazy... but wasted 45 minutes playing a game on the g1 
is going to bed in 20 minutes   
he was supposed to call me thirty minutes ago. he promised. 
@alsobrooks maybe so. It only took me about a half hour. Thats a drag, sorry to hear that. 
@TheBabyTree @AlainaFrederick I had it too good for far too long. Tuckin' in was a 5 minute process. No longer! Now it's a battle 
@compliakated kellz i made the eggs for you, you only had to wait ten mins for them, don't get that mad at me 
41 minutes until my birthday is over 
@mumbleguy fuckin cats  I got perhaps 6 n half hours sleep  not enough
@sonya_jonsgirl She went from 500 to 1200 in less than 20 minutes..nothing else i can do 
damn, goin to bed in a minute, and i dont have my kitty 
MMSes are taking upwards of 5 minutes to send 
@peterfacinelli  i know it everytime i ck its like up and then down 5 minutes later totally sucks!
just had my new ipod arrive... and then within half an hour found my old one 
Just spent 30 minutes trying to get the subscriber feed for #daringfireball to work with #fever... no such luck   Favicons also don't show
I just realized I won't be able to pick up my packet for the R&amp;R half marathon so I don't think I can run. 
quickest night out in a minute, but still gone  too much drink, not enough loud
is waiting to see if some notes script runs in under 10 mins or hangs my machine. 7 mins to go. I have a feeling it has already crashed 
is 5 minutes too much to ask for? 
off to work in a minute 
My phone charges in 30, 45 minutes, and loses battery in what feels like 15 minutes. 
@dontforgetchaos ahah said to my daughter that i'll take me 10mins to take my shower, and i've take 11minutes  soo she points out that !
@Malcmail i wish, might get chance turn it on in next few weeks, too busy at min 
hurry up storm! just a few more minutes and then we're 8-10 in line... 
@steitiyeh acutally it was quite fast. I downloaded it in 20 minutes. Unfortunately I am still waiting for the jailbreak release 
seven and a half hours till i need to be at hosp.... Aarrrggghh. 
@evaangelinaxxx awww i got excited for a min now im dissapointed 
5 more minutes till the bell rings. 
Ooc gtg in about ten minutes... 
@xbllygbsn ydwbim though ;) aye fine! jus sleeeeeeepy  driving half8-half9 tonight aswell!!! you okay? 
7 minutes, oh my god. i still can't believe she's coming back! ....i'm so lame 
Ugh, horrible workout. I started to feel nauseous and tired during it, so only lasted for 25 minutes. 
I need a minute.. Ahh! 
@Andrewbsims  do you know where my white ribbed v-neck cami is? i've spent half an hour looking for it...
@slushtcleavage I work at 4 *sigh* I think that means only a 30 minute break too 
20 min more 
The half is done, but the other half is waiting 
@sil hmm, bit far for me really... Seems half the office is on holiday and the other half is busy 
fifteen minutes. please let me graduate outside 
@pmchiu struggling for 15 minutes to bring up entourage this morning. I think i'll have to resort to rebooting my entire desktop. 
@ShanyJonas Noooooooooooooooooooooooo one minute! i have to go now 
Is gonna be short 1 tooth in just a few minutes.. 
pro. selling final in 30min 
I'm missing my gorgeous other half, better half 
What is this shit, the registration worked 10 minutes ago and now it's doing nothing but tossing various error messages around. 
i only have 36 minutes left on the internet  ill speed type.
half of a half subway sandwich is all i get 
@cally1324 but we got fifteen minutes 
wow it only took an hour and a half of screeching for bella to fall asleep. poor thing 
I leave for 10 minutes and I'm already replaced 
So pissed @autotask ... just took about 15 minutes to detail my task and the dam application logged me out, losing my edits 
aw im still not out of bed and its been 15 minutes, fail i think i should get out soon.. seriously 
putting the rice cakes down...after 30 minutes of eating them.they prob are not good for you if you almost eat the whole bag. 
Missing my better half 
 one hour and fifteen minutes til im free and get to go home #lame
You only hear half of what I say bur here we go again  
@taychristian there several minute lag on you and chat 
my other half just went away 
running late for @xcodephoenix  I hope I can get this last minute release done soon...
@rezn don't lie....you know its some funny shit! I missed the last ten minutes   but I can imagine how it ended. I'm pretty good with that
@dds3851 you're about 20 minutes too late on that one 
@brwneyedbabe83  We got a last minute invite........alas not kid sitters 
this epidsode of 16 &amp; pregnant isnt half as good as last weeks  idk why, prob partly bcus ryan was sooo cute.
darn  well we'll have so much fun just u and me!  whats this i heard bout u having a bf for like an hour and a half?
A 10 minute break?  After 20 minutes?  Do these people do anything?  Please tell me it's only an hour!  !  !
@mattfromseattle twice in two mins for me 
Ugh migrane and i have to drive a half hour home 
4o mins left to deadline --- so dead 
feeling great one minute and not so great the next 
now you see, now you don't, in 5 mins - my pay 
@Aeire I thought that about 10 min ago.  I can't eat cheese 
@kacymariemae apparently the handicapped porn likes getting delayed by a few minutes 
Those sun rays totally just woke me up. I hate waking up before my alarm  22minutes before 
It's only been two minutes and I miss you already. 
50 min cardio... I prolly burned 1/4 if the calories I consumed today 
@oyComics For a few seconds, my copy didn't work   It seemed pretty great though.
Ugh, 2 &amp; a half hour hours sitting in a dentist surgery  And I was only with the dentist for 20 minutes :L
@girlwithnoname Do Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat?? lol I tweeted you like 45 min. ago and YOU never replied... 
@seannch 20 minutes  I have no willpower!
does not appreciate being told my exam is actually at 10.15, 5 minutes before I thought it started at 9.15 
In 22:15 minutes any illusions I've harbored about being young will be gone forever 
@brendadada and I did it.  And it screwed my avatar up.  and I spent 10 minutes fixing it and still don't appear to be showing solidarity 
regents in a few minutes 
wishing it was sunday already so i could see alli again   I miss her and it's only been a few minutes!
@kyle270 it did not, i got it at 8 mins past and i replied back at 9 mins past :l no need to be so moody about it  ly x
@dbaeli 6.5k in 30min... You're fast for a first run, or i'm very slow 
 another 45 mins....
I listened to the radio 4 a whole hour and a half and they didn't have the competition!!!! So i'm not goin 2 P!nk. 
Just missed the train by like 5 seconds  I blame the clock being wrong
@FizzyDuck technically I signed off 10 minutes ago, I am using lazy git powers to slow my departure  will miss your top humour though 
@settledowneasy i imed you like a minute after you imed me, but then you signed off 
45 mins more 
How is it only 3pm? I have another 90 minutes left  I want to go home.
I feel enslaved bc I'm paying 50 bucks for unlimited minutes and that's awesome but I use more data than actual minutes 
pfff about 20 minutes...  that's way too long ! next post, next month 
i've only been up for a few minutes. now i have to figure out the finances 
Dammit, they fixed it and we're only leaving 2 minutes late 
you might be a grownup (or just really lame) if -- you have to plan 20 minutes to grab fast food.... 
@songzyuuup give me a min now my comp froze  
@ma_coop it rarely happens, but we may have used about 10 minutes in the last month.... 
@purrfectlyhaded am there now!!! i missed u by a few mins 
im scared this nosebleed is coming back again now  thats like 70 minutes nearly
@stevenlogas I haven't bought no new clothes in a minute smh 
finally finished-ish after about 90 minutes, i need to clean myself and my laptop (URGH) up 
12 minutes until im out this piece! only 2 days until i come back 
@merlinglx It was odd, never happened to me before, I woke up thinking it was like 8 or 9, but it was 5 minutes later. 
lol, here the friday ends in 13 minutes.. 
Missed her by 10 mins 
I reeeaaally have to pee but I can't leave my desk  40 more minutes....
@chele76 awesome!! I did 1st interval @ 5.5, then went down to 5.3 &amp; 5.4. 
I have to get up in 5 hours and 25 mins. 
@moonscribe only 30 minutes away ;) - but I leave in 22min - so can't help you 
we have like 45 mins of sitting here  blah
@shortstephy I aaaamm! Awww I only got to see you for a couple of mintues 
I've been crying for 10 mins 
felt an earthquake a few minutes ago 
And of course i finally get on the computer, i get kicked off 5 minutes later  ugh my sisters are such brats
eww i have to work in 1 hour and 20 minutes 
I accumulate Too Much stuff! I have just spent 45 minutes organizing a room I haven't been in in 3 months 
So I was feeling super naseous so I left luis' minutes after I arrived. I'm feeling better now but only if I remain lying down... 
So that's what 3 and a half hours sleep  urghhhh  *dies* (N)  
continental check-in at seatac was so brutal. waited 30 minutes to get my boarding passes printed... worse yet... starbucks is closed. 
On 3.0 for 5 min, and already crashed 
@ShaniBeeGirl you're only on for a few minutes? 
@jessicaspence I wish gahhh I start in 45mins 
Missing the boyfriend. Wishes he would actually carry on a conversation with me that doesn't last like 2 minutes. 
not good, went from 6 miles in 42 mins last year to 3 miles kicking my ass in 25 mins, i got so out of shape  shower then maybe ill b ...
My xbox got the red rings of death after being on for two minutes 
can't sleep. missin my other half &amp; cuddlin w. him 
@mhall214 he was only there for like 7 minutes!  but it was worth it, I got like 5 pics!!!
is feeling sleeping  only packed for like 10 minutes and I felt like I'm going to collapse already. I need sleep!!
@RobStepCoaching I know. I may start crying in a minute 
been awake since half 7....... 
Urg I have to go to work in a minute. 
Going to sleep now while deep in thought. i just stared at this message for two minutes  y?
@so_zwitschert I should have remembered the 12 seconds rule. 
@han_banana we missed each other by like 15 minutes 
boo, no new york minute to illegally download 
Now onto ALEXX, but I think I might love him too much to get a half decent drawing 
sitting at the registration desk with sujay.. no one came to register for last 10 minutes  #hss09
realllllllllly tired and only got up about 10 minutes ago 
just having a sit down for 15 minutes b4 I head out to hairdressers. been hoovering/dusting  for the last wee while 
I don't like #twitterjail  i was there for several minutes.
@NathanMillson back... but only for a minute 
@Ursy919 goodmorning pulling up to dock in about 20 mins   &amp; it's raining!!! http://twitpic.com/7wbbw
finally finished with the news. still have 50 minutes to do  i hope the 'magazin' is a long episode.
just got ready in ten minutes, now heading to work... on a saturday 
I'm waiting another 15 minutes. If the brother isn't here, I'm changing into pajjus and sleeping 
Arrrggghhh - so disappointing, obv I blame the ref, plus the fact we only really started playing after 50 minutes, so many missed tries 
ive been sat here since half 9 this mornin doin assignments and it is no half 4 &amp; still not finished 
booo. i just submitted my my entry for the @astallaslions contest, and 6 minutes ago they announced having a winner.   sadness.
feel like blah. can't wait to go home in an hour and a half 
40 mins later... my dump clock is breaking. 
@StarbucksTink damn that sucks. it took the rents all of 15 minutes to get me working when i got back from vacation 
going to basketball in about 20 minutes  ugh don't want to go! save me
the dominos guys are pathetic... reached half hr late and we all are starved to de core 
i'm reaaally tirred and getting broker by the minute. 
@tdobson I'm going in 10 minutes  #unsheffield #uns1
Too tired 3 and a half more hours here 
my legs ache. you have to walk 2o minutes to get anywhere here 
raiiiiiiiiiiiin  going live on saynow in 45 mins!
@funguynaz it's beautiful out! I love the river, I live like 10 minutes from it but never make it out 
Why do I always wait till the last minute? Now I gots to shop for a gift AND write my papers. ugg. 
A few minutes before I have to clock in to work.  2:30-10:30.
@verspohlgrafix Where? It was finished 1 minute after I posted watching it  But it was fun to see the smurf fight the giant.
I was explosively frustrated just a few minutes ago. I'm glad nothing breakable was nearby... 
10 minutes early to work...I hate being early to work 
@rfmalan feels like we got that just in the past half hour! 
Missing my other half, meggan 
waiting for harpers island to start...53mins 
watching KINGS! I missed the first four minutes... 
@iSUCK bet you also need to pee every 10 minutes  lol
Is it more wrong that a) biochemical journal refers to its website as 'bj central' or b) I giggled about it for a good 30 seconds? 
@ebonistephae Wait a minute, you're sposed to be on my bad side right now. I had somethin for you last night and you stood me up 
@brandamc But I'll only be there for a couple of minutes 
@xxxRAVENOUSxxx shut up  i made it like 5 minutes ago!
i just spent an hour and a half trying to persuade a dvd player to work!! haha my neighbors and i r so weird! i wanted to c transformers 
I've only been up for 55 minutes and im tired again 
4 minutes left in my birthday 
@SteveIsaacs I just watched that 20 seconds ago and the tears keep coming ... 
@ahockley ...and I haven't even begun to cut &amp; encode the #osb09 interviews yet.   Though, those are only about 10mins long, not 1h 47m...
fml for getting kicked off at 12 i only managed to load a minute lol 
took off glasses to apply face lotion. then i couldn't find them for at least half a minute. 
@fhgrl33 @pibby @tamelle @carpesomediem  Thanks for the birthday wishes guys! I've been 19 for about 17 minutes....yet I feel the same 
There's a Pirateology postcard stuck to the bottom of my cup ad it keeps poking me in the face. Workworkwork in... 32 minutes. 
There's a Pirateology postcard stuck to the bottom of my cup and it keeps poking me in the face. Workworkwork in... 31 minutes. 
Just got back from the midnight drags.  The better half wouldn't let me smoke the tires tonight 
The 1 min is over 
@parlai can't be!! the last 10 mins don't work!!  why do you think that is?? I really want to see the comments to the last scenes!
9 minutes!!!!! i just choked on a grape 
Off to stretch then go for a long run.  I have a half marathon in a couple of weeks and my training has been nearly nonexistent  
@billiemcfly yer lol x u were well lucky u got like well long wiv them i only got like 2seconds!!  ive put a few up x
Just getting up, and I am so tired. The extra 30 minutes I slept didn't help too much. 
@_Oodledoodle I'm tired  I've been walking for like ten minutes d:
@zainemoonlight   ym ?? your not online   we missed each other for minutes 
I'm already ready. I don't have to leave for 45 minutes. I could've slept more. 
4 n a half hours to go still..  then i get fooood!!!
my flight is delayed about 45 minutes. 
i feel like i slept for 5 mins. blahhhh  not cool
Going to the bookshop, have less than 15 minutes 
Working. I have ripped jeans  1 hour 45 minutes to go!
@regalaffair I used 30 and applied every 30 minutes... I guess it wasn't enough 
because i like being put on hold for 5 minutes with @planetgranite 
is mesmerized by dna paternity drama ...  maury is on for only 5 more minutes 
Be glad when this project is over, can't keep up these 14 hour days! Only got home 20 mins ago 
@dloseke I think it all just needs to be redone. It's soo slow. Takes, like, 10 minutes to load when turning on. It frustrates me. 
Just got home.. Sweting like a pig soooo gross! Meeting in an hour and a half 
@Jewels_xo It'll be a minute, kiddo.  but watching QaF with you right now sounds awesome.
well...im pooped.  ive been up all of thirty minutes and im already ready to go back to bed.  ughhh...i hate being sick.  
I have massive cravings for a bannana yazoo. But the nearest one is around 10 minutes away 
its too fuckin hot. 5 minutes out n my tiddies are already crying 
leaving in 30 mins 
I'm hungry. We didn't get our ten minute break in class 
@iamJaymes  I'm leaving in 5 minutes... pancakes!
The beard has been shaved.  Weeks to grow, seconds to shave 
@MaDiSoNsTaR lol!!!!! 10 more mins for us!!! its storming real by over here so i can't jet like i want to 
@laubow_ guess. but seeing a legend like him would be amazing but for 3 hours &amp; 15 mins, omfg 
on brothers laptop cos mine takes like 40 minutes to turn on  cant believe she never told me that she was dating him btw :o in (L)? 
gunna get on the bus in 15 minutes 
Ive got 30 more minutes and then i go home ... We got really slow and have not met our goal yet  thanks dorothy for the help
@s_constantine i can't get those 6 minutes back 
ok facebook is working again, but for a few minutes there it wasnt 
At stephs for a cookout/ fire to bad it's about to rain in like 5 minutes 
i've got to leave in 15 mins  #wcsocial
i had a bunny named rupert for about 5 minutes  then he ran away. 
I hate the fact that you have to drink so much out here...i have to pee every 5 minutes. 
@actionscripted i only get a half hr lunch now. 
got rained out at the skatepark like 3 minutes after I got there. 
Driving to work. Few minutes late  http://twitpic.com/88ezr
@niley_lovers  i prob have to wait 30 mins to an hour!! 
the c-store closed ten minutes early tonight and i'm out of water  thirsty.
wow - early nap and 0100 wakeup for push prep - no matter how many times I do it I still take 20 minutes for the brain fuzz to clear 
So when the washer says 22 minutes, it actually means 32 
@JuliMurphy I miss my other half 
left here for 10 min and it died, how sad, 
I can't I have 20p  :L and I've got half my gadgy uniform on [[[
so early  the kittten woke me up 15 mins ago and won't leave me alone
break 40 minutes internet for rest of the day 
@themelleh it loaded like half a page 
watched the last 5 minutes of grey's and was bawling my eyes out awww 
I woke up 15 minutes ago and I feel awful.   I have been in the loo all morning.  This is not good.  
Watching 90210 replays. Now I miss 90210 all over again! 2 and a half more months 
damn copyrights... i wish i could be listening to a 25 seconds preview of a new arctic monkeys song 
recess!! i've more15 minutes, and there's nothing to do. 
hates AOL, why does it always take like 15 minutes to get connected 
So ma woke me up early and said she wanted to be ready to leave in 45 min . . Its been over an hour now . . And im still sleepy 
Short run today - 1 mile in 9 min 30...  
missing  the first 17 minutes of so you think you can dance  evil tivo
migration assistant: less than a minute-since 20 minutes-did not know that apple is working with microsoft time 
Home. I have decided to ditch my interview  its too far. It will take me 1hr and 20 minutes to get down there not worth it
After a musical dry spell, I've been offered 2 gigs in the last 15 minutes.  Of course, I will be out of town so I can't take either.  
@ImBurble we got turned away at the last minute as they took away 300 seats.  We queued for 3.5 hours!!!!! 
@lizzardescobar i saw it for about 5 minutes. then it went away again 
I'll have 87 wc in about 5 minutes  rofl
@josordoni I used to be able to do that at uni. I'd just renew them instead of walking 2 mins to hand them in! 
@erikvb no fluke, was down for over 5 mins but is back now and responding fast 
@sandieb321  Your not half bad so we will call you 22 then ok lol 
@cobrophy I gave it about 10 seconds. Definitely not for me 
@jennhollowell I'm counting down the minutes to lunch and I just got to work. It's only 7:50am where I am 
@trinapowell Not yet, you still have 2 hour and 25 minutes 
in 15 min... leaving to watch fast and furious... I hope its good. 
just got back from colchester  ... going out in a min
is offline in 30 minutes  90210 &lt;333333
following everyone back. This is going to take quite a few minutes. 
49 minutes and 38 seconds = 6k!  And I lived to tell the tail 
I'm ready for my close-up but I MIGHT  settle for 15 minutes of fame 
No shit! It really does take 5 minutes to get to work 
Having a cookout in T minus 24 min. 
had a track meet today. 58 seconds in the 400m, 59 seconds in the 4x400. 
@nerdist He's doing great. He read almost 1000 names in less than 45 minutes 
is shocked that cass hasn't updated her status in the last five seconds 
After 10 minutes, &quot;What are we doing here again?&quot; Haha! 
@sunsh4breakfast  so we wish them back...and then they start that shit up again the minute they walk in the door!  
@cztron it was very last minute and they close at 12 so we goin to 300 bowling alley. u can meet uas there 
@BFGarzilla9k hey dude all of as i laydying as blood runs black and parkwaydrive sound good within an hour? love me. 
@jaharithefierce me too laughed till i cried at his show--waited at least 45 minutes to meet him-got to talk to him and got his autograph 
@sharibby14 yeaaaaah; been on here for a lil minute. i miss you too sis 
Hehhe surprise.  It'll be up in a few minutes once I double check everything. =]
@christinajade heh, not me. i need a minute or two to collect my thoughts before I speak  #tcot
@twinkleboi LOL I thought you were taken over by the devil there for a minute 
@secretdubai you know we can easily shave 4 minutes out of that ad without losing anything 
Thunderstorm soon. I'm loving every minute now.. until the thunder starts 
@beepiratehooker on the train atm  we'll be there in 20 minutes (Y)
is looking forward to seeing colm in 15 mins 
Contractions are 3 minutes apart...kate is calling for some drugs 
@imnangl   I found some just a few minutes ago!  hold on 
it's 3 minutes to 1 and i'm sitting in bed with my beautiful 2 kids singing 'row row row ur boat....' half asleep 
35 minutes away from 420 
@fastfoodlover Maybe so. It's my closest burger joint, just five minutes away. 
going in a minute to get ready 
@wNimish  A minute too late, you were.
@thespyglass Still have seven minutes before it is downloaded... So what will it be??? 
@Makorani It went good 7amdullah =P I was nervous for a few seconds standing there but then I started talking and it passed real fast 
http://tinyurl.com/cbfmwy try this it only takes a minute 
@thepete yeah me too  I like illustrating, but I'm slow! It'll take me a couple of hours to do something a real artist does in minutes.
@tariqha next 30 min, I meant 
half an hour on the wii fit, feeling great 
They shud make a double decker bendi bus an put of round my area every 15mins 
@BabyMakinMachin I am with your there.  I am trying to hang but I am checking out in less than 30min.  
@regravity You mean since 2 minutes ago?  yeah, I am haha
Its about 12:40 and the fire alarm went off a few minutes ago. Now back inside the building 
10 firsts and 2 seconds in ballroom 
@FresnoH2OWaste i've cut my shower time down to 6 minutes (have long hair) from 12 minutes. i don't pay water but i still try to conserve 
I'm cold... cause I just came oot of de shower... well not just... more like a few minutes ago... but still...  BRRRRRRRRRRRR!!! 
@ceijay e.g. spend 3 minutes looking through this profile and website, and leave a nice comment about it. Works like magic 
@iamdiddy u haven't mentioned http://www.workforpdiddy.com/ in a minute anxiously waiting to hear more 
has only the kitchen to do and then some last minute shopping. 
I'll see her in 20 Minutes 
@AimeeCarver its 10mins long 
off to the picnic in 30 minutes, have to get ready, bye everyone 
@RichardGiles Congrats to you and your team for your half marathon 
watch this if you can spare 2 minutes of your life http://tinyurl.com/cwcd84
@CanuckBlondie i'm leaving in a half hour for vancouver for the #canucks game 
mall in about 45 minutes, till then charging my ipod and listening to the mars volta 
@heidimontag watching the derby... wishing I was a jockey for those 2 min's! 
@Ragnell It's a fabulous hoax, isn't it? I has a few seconds of 'wait, what?' before I clocked it 
@s4sukhdeep it is open re. i just got it.  just as in 10 mins ago
@jasminelaurenxo i cud blow that in 10 minutes. LOL 
@websiteowner I think that's the power of music  I don't understand half of their songs but some bring me to tears nonetheless!
Be back in a few minutes I guess 
43 53 minutes till i get this smelly cast off  lol       ripping off a fat ranga c*** lololol seeing if he will fighters me lol
@chadcarson Wow... I am imagining a cockroach coming out every 2 minutes or so to the point in which you can't sit down at all to write 
@Beefbaby it took me like 5 min to think about what i should send him 
watching two and a half men 
57-ish minutes! I'll take it. 
@MCRsavedMilife its not really morning but i got up a few min ago 
25 minutes til chow time 
@DavidArchie are you going to watch yourself on hannah montana?  its on in 2 minutes!
@FlyRice i'd call you but i have to pay for all of my minutes 
@lovekristina shittt you only beat me by like a minute ! 
@cmusciano wow.  three recommendations for them in 30 mins...  impressive 
Please be able to run a half marathon in 2.5 hours because I just did! 
@spazzyyarn no bed, how long will you be up? like 20 more minutes at least? please  :*
bahaha twitterrific is fun  and convenient. 10 minutes to go *sighs*
30 days till p!nk   babysitting in 15 minutes.
@marinesetwas dann mach mal!  #12seconds
will play quake3 in 3min 
off out in a min to buy my new bed 
sitting on chloes little trike thingo its a girraffe  ill most probobly get yelled at with in the next minute or so! ohhh well
Shopping with  beckyyy . Going to starbucks in a minute. 
that's two and a half hours completed now. chillaxing until half 2 
counting the minutes until I can go home 
@dannywood I guessed right, like 25 minutes ago...do you even see your replies....lol 
is closing at 10 instead of 12 yay!!  just 15 min till i can go home and talk to my lovebug!! 
@johncmayer You know we dont believe half of what they say 
@spiderdj82 i was about 25 minutes late. i think they thought i got lost but i knew where i was going. yeah right! lol. 
k might take long then a minute then 
he's back! meeting him in 40 mins 
@mmuhlig24 that's cute.  mmmk see you in like 5 minutes.
@PurpleFoodie yeah...I hope it turns out... 20 more minutes! 
45 minutes until im off from work. I guess i'll go back to work in 15 minutes. It's slow today thank god for one of those days 
about to run the hinckley half marathon!  Fingers crossed for a &lt;1h30m time 
@robineccles Yes,  by 16 minutes now.  
Just going to shower. Brb in 10 mins or so 
@DoctorCuriosity I don't remember eating the half I managed,I must have passed out as soon as I saw my bed 
@h_2o thx! still, i think i need to gain more speed if i want to run the half-marathon in 2 hours. oh well, we'll see how it goes ... 
@nuttychris hes just finished so will be here in a minute.lol #twittertakeover.lol 
@SofieY its like 100 tweets in a hour lol so i think i should take a 10 min break  #TwitterTakeover
watchin svu w.my other half! 
@xdahlia sometimes it takes a few minutes to load. it sorta have to propagate through twitter database before it loads to your background 
@jaron88 protein, water, no carbs, run at least 45 minutes a day, take a supplement..  pretty easy
@qreyes As far as procrastination when it comes to writing: let me know when you find a cure  I procrastinate until the very last minute
Oh snap..I will be 22 in 2 minutes  http://myloc.me/Qyc
@erinely It seems to be behind, slowly catching up. You wrote this 22 minutes ago 
@drunknbass I did about 2 min after posting that 
10+ twits in 1 minute = too much  night
@Littlebitofmoni  yes in 20mins crazy!
On a jewelry-making kick and loving every minute of it 
@thepixiepop lol I was like how in 37 minutes? lol. 57 makes sense. enjoy then!!! 
wow, 4x retweets in a minute - awkwardfamilyphotos.com for the win 
@_doodle Just watch the first minute, you'll see... 
is waiting for her alpha-gay to arrive any minute now 
i can't wait to smile again.. five friggn' minutes left. eep! 
tweet, tweet. 50 minutes until  fettuccine and pudding. 
just got the countdown numbers in about 5 seconds 
@herevilroyalty can usually get all 7 within 10 mins 
Just walked like half of bayonne. Finally made it to our destenation!!! 
@QuelynnInc : Awww I was wonderin' where ya was. I am sticking around for a few more minutes 
@erinnconnor sometimes if you just keep refreshing it will let you start watching again after like 10 minutes  ...im a megavideo loser.
I checked my friendster few minutes ago out of boredem 
You have 1 hour and 1 minute to go bud 
@jwarren87 garsh, no. bed lasted about 7 minutes.... LOL! 
is eating 2 minute noodles 
Going to get my new tropical fish in a minute 
have lots to do but all I want to do is lay in bed and read a book..half an hour? 
half-sleeping with the cat 
What does it say about me when I spill coffee on my shirt twice within 10 mins in the same spot?!? (&amp; don't say I shouldn't drink coffee) 
Rather argumentative check in agent tried to charge me for excess baggage but soon lost the argument  hour and a half to go till home
scrubbing, scrubbing, scrubbing, and taking a minute to tweet and see what my friends are up to    love you all!!!
@ksymmonds Don't say in 10 mins - I'm rough as 
ish leaving for da mall in a minutes 
I've been outside with dogs for all of 2 minutes and I'm covered with fur. Yikes! 
watching the 2nd half of prison break, good times 
Laker game in an hr &amp; a half. 
has a sore back again.  3 x 100 mile bikes, 10km swimming and 25 minute run in 7 days not ideal recovery.  I reckon the run did it 
finally got out of bed about 20 minutes ago. going for a long long walk/run. 
I love seconds to my smut prompts. Have I mentioned that?  It makes me REALLY happy. XD
wow. half an hour it took me to wash the dishes....mus be a record 
Watching half baked 
After about 5 minutes. - I missed 10 and a half pages of tumblr. I missed you guys  http://tumblr.com/xpc1t3g4o
is awake - woke up a half 6 though 
@hexmurda worth every minute!  body's own drugs are strong! so happy we were not in the hospital. we were here: http://tinyurl.com/psp67d
@mayhemstudios @daynah:  I hope to be asleep in one.  #nightowls 1 what? 1 minute? lol!
It was john's birthday 35 minutes ago and I'm officially broke. I hope he had fun though. 
Munching on some grease for snack...giving myself a 15 minutes break 
@onnikoo not anymore  it was down for 2 min.
; It's 10 hours and 45 mins encounting 
15 minute power naps are da bomb. 
@CiscoLaRisco geek alert!  and what are you counting the seconds for?
@etienne I even studied the Japanese word for I drink water after 15 minutes 
@forthejokes you can b serious it took u months mate im slow and i figured it out in seconds 
@ashleigh92 i'll ring you in a minute beautiful  i love youu xxx
but surprisingly i just waited 10 minutes and i got my paperwork done  wasnt that bad!
As if by magic the blocks hands have shot round and its lunchtime.  
I love when my trainer leaves the room for a half hour. 
Thinking i should head to bed in a few minutes....hoping like hell my mcfly dvd arrives tomorow im dying to watch it!!! 
35 minutes on the aliptical and 3 miles later... I'm hungry. 
i love when i can fix errors that i couldn't solve 5 minutes ago 
brief hospital TV interval with positive outcome  good times
@donnatalarico Did you get new half n half?  
@erika_stens which side of the 15 minutes do you fall on today? 
Just finished a 2 hour 20 minute maths paper. I need hot choc and toast 
I don't suffer from insanity , I enjoy every minute of it !! 
about to go to the moooon !!!! t-minus 10 minutes 
@shoinan how was the 60 minute ending cut scene for you?  I made the mistake of thinking i 'finished' the game at 2am :/
My random clicking around after saying I was going to bed only lasted a minute or so 
Three and a half hour phone conversation with my angie. That was fun 
woke up about 5 minutes ago, now i'm eating a yellow kiwi ;) &amp; in about 1 and a half hour i'm gonna meet up with cladia, felicia &amp; sofia 
deccan chargers r best. gilly u can do it  less than 5 seconds ago
Watching Two &amp; a half men 
1hour 18min to  go. 
@richardbarley I get paid by the minute, so 1153hrs will be 48hrs worked this week exactly and what I invoice 
yay i only have 18 mins left to this upload! after 400 mins (and 5th time trying!) wooooo, i'm pumped 
@baomoi @firstjames try to run everyday for 30-60 minutes  I lost about 2kg
45 mins to go, still no tedious task 
@shuttler i was expecting to see a half painted wall 
@mfoo1228 repeat of half dome?  
YES!!! The weekend begins in 30 minutes... 
@LtG I'm blaming the meds even though I only took them about 2 minutes ago 
@holaitsmeredith WOOOOOO! its may be a long 3 minutes. 
Like 5 minutes to lunch!! 
half term! 
@karenrubin Sounds like some 12 seconds content! 
@friscobowie patient enough? it takes 2 seconds... 
B+ last minute essay grades make me 
@dreambunny34d well how can we get your horny half full? 
http://twitpic.com/61g5s - 44 seconds will catch every light on 
@catiams oh yeah 9 minutes to go  and a walk to remember is finished! &lt;3 x
Is feeling a little sleepy but is excited to get to see emilio any minute. 
blocked her too. I justfound it amusing to watch her following count for a few seconds. 
@kathulhu that one took me a minute...but tis a good one 
@calvertdrivein most likely the other half wouldn't appreciate that... LOL! 
@MattHartley Ah, it's cool.  The server only hiccuped for a few minutes. 
I'll give the answer in 5 minutes  let me know what you think
12seconds - Came to check out the new @12seconds!  http://tiny12.tv/NHNHA
well I'll put my earplugs in....if you don't hear from me in a half hour then I'm dreaming sweet dreams 
@AliBooker - We went over about 20 minutes ago...only just managed to get internet connection back to upload it! 
halbe minute noch?  #placebo
Off to bed after getting half an album design done in a few short hours. Who needs templates? 
