Most common words for this cluster:
[('missing', 313), ('home', 25), ('today', 14), ('day', 14), ('quot', 13), ('com', 12), ('http', 12), ('amp', 12), ('u', 11), ('work', 9), ('way', 9), ('bit', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Missing', 0.9803814888000488), (u'missing', 0.7378068566322327), (u'Missing_Toddler', 0.6316949129104614), (u'Missing_Teen', 0.6278899312019348), (u'Missing_Autistic', 0.6234428286552429), (u'Missing_Girl', 0.6233954429626465), (u'Remains_Identified', 0.6154540181159973), (u'Found_Unharmed', 0.6120842099189758), (u'Search_Resumes', 0.6082029938697815), (u'Search_Intensifies', 0.6081433892250061)]





 Body Of Missing Northern Calif. Girl Found: Police have found the remains of a missing Northern California girl .. http://tr.im/imji
I cant sleep. Missing the person I love most for the past 7yrs of my life. If only... 
I have packed off hubby to Bristol! Missing him already 
Cleaning house...YAY....Missing Tommy 
The line at petrol pump was killer and the guy at subway (food joint) is too slow. Missing #ipl 
@MegSheWrote @xxlaurenashley @ARIELLEJANVIER Missing my girls in Dallas 
Richelle is not feeling well. Staying home to tend to wife.Missing BarCamp Orlando today 
Coffee before cravings round two. Missing a gt at roman's 
@msnarain Missing the Tweatup 
hristos voskrese! Missing my fam mucho 
Finally bed.  Missing nuggles next to me   only a 5 day wait this timeeeee
off to bed. and missing him 
#TWiT has become &quot;This Week in Wine&quot;. Missing the content. 
Out walking. Missing my baby 
Thinking about everything I have to get done this week...it's a LOT! Missing Zac! 
hate it's raining again. Where is the spring??? Missing the sun 
@HelosGirl I'm ok, back in uni! Missing J like mad, last heard from him at 4am mon getting on to the plane... Nothing since 
@glamtweet your missing me  Can I be added plez.
Working. Missing Miss Monster. 
Feeling like total ass!!! What a waste of a Saturday! Missing my cousins shower and everything 
I love my sister a.k.a brianna!!! Missing her..we might be away by distance,never in heart.. 
HOME?   REALLY Missing a lot...
@jessidelonge i think im missing you 
At my dads place chilling out and having fun. Birmingham back in the premier league  Missing watching football with my amazing girlfriend
On our way to pennsylvania! Missing @elenamireles! 
says Morning World! Missing everyone already, but now it's time for class  (cozy)Safe travel to you all!... http://plurk.com/p/rr3uq
@ResourcefulMom Not getting anything this year.  Missing a lot of work because of the crash, so feeling the $$ pinch. #sigjeans
Turning in my phone soon &amp; going to bed' need to make it through one or two more days hopefully. Missing talking to Sam tonight  2
made seven layer salad and tres leches cake with dinner. So yum. Brunch on the boat tomorrow. Missing country 
Home for the summer. Missing my purdue loves already. 
Getting tired, off to bed soon.  Missing my hubby.   #fb
@keithelder Same here!  Missing my friends at #teched2009.  
@MellissaD ? missing you too Melly. 
@reemkanj Missing the misses... bad times 
Looking out of nowhere... Missing my baby... 
My laptop has a virus  Stolen @mattritchie 's while he's snoozing mwahahaha!
Thinking of my friends! Missing them 
Back in Germany. Fucking sad. Missing the sun. Missing &quot;mummy and daddy&quot;. I think I want them back. 
Waking up a/ a headach &amp; stomach hurts. Whatever I ate last night not eating again no time soon. Missing a graduation 
I miss @eclecticxmanda!  Missing all the fun and excitement.    &lt;3
At cinci airport just finished eating sbarro waiting to board my flight to houston..  Missing steve and the cats already.. 
Doing make-up homework.  Missing school all the time for acting is getting a little annoying. Homeschooling would be so much easier!!
How did I lose an entire bag of shopping between Sainsburys and my flat?! I was in the car! Missing my limes, chillies and angel delight 
is thinking that life couldn't get any more better if it tried. Missing all my friends NOT in the burg now 
looking at some photo's of my Dubai's holiday!!! Enjoy it heaps I want to visit again Missing ztiwokah  heaps 
@joweyroden  Missing out on the good times. Maybe I will twitter later on my own at uni and it'll be awesome and you will be jealous.
Uploading Cebu pics. Missing dada. 
I decided to take a sick day today...home without my boy and it's so quiet!  Missing my man too 
listening to The Getaway Plan... Missing them already! 
Depressed.....Missing Brady   I love you baby
where is my cookie?? its missing!!! huhuhu. 
En route to the airport.  Missing my am yoga 
Just boarded! Missing my fam and danny already! Wish I could take em with me! 
Reading in bed and eating green&amp;black's. Missing Ginger. 
Looong day of work. Finally getting home and going to bed. Missing you 
So tired. Missing the boy. 
The trio minus 1.....my gurls always know how to cheer me up...Kina came thru with @adderlyreport!! Missing Josseline   but all good
@mapsadaisical just tried DMing you but it tried to download some strange file so stopped!  How come no gmail MaccyM?  Missing you  SADS!!
Finally back from the stupid holiday ! Missing the fit bar men though 
Being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. Missing my bff alreadyyyy!!!! 
@KaarinE Me too I need the sudden urge to do it. Missing the Diplomat title 
home lying in bed, processing Pictures and Video from Vacation.  Missing my girls (Piper and Rory) they are at the sitter till morning.  
home!  I know we need the money but I wish my hubby did not have to work! Missing him!
had an emotional breakdown tonight. Couldn't stop crying. Eyes are swollen.Not coping very well.  Missing my Dad so much..so much sadness.
I think #DavidArchuleta's band members should twitter.They'd be really funny! Missing them. 
Well its official. I have a family thing tonight. Missing it is not an option and i'm as sick as a dog. 
Wishes she had money so she could afford to leave the house. Missing out on fun this evening 
*Awake..getting ready to go to the beach! Missing my Joey  *
Tv in the apartment is not working! Missing BGT 
Off to the movies!  Missing my booger niece bre wishing hers could go to the movies w/ me 
Long, boring day. Tired... Needs sleep. Missing two people!  R &amp; S
Is bored out of my mind. Missing my boo 
tired and sorry for it. Missing Bridget's grad party 
sad    Missing you already!!!
going out with R&amp;S.    Missing my &quot;M&quot;.
thinking. missing her. 
Why is it that during exams, the weather is great??? Missing out on the bbq tonight 
Today i was dreaming with mcfly: i went to their show and dougie wrote   an &quot;autografo&quot; for me! Amazing!!! Missing them here...  Translate
cant stop crying this morning.  Missing what we used to have.  Why did it have to go so wrong.  Id give anything to have you back with me 
@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/6714p - Missing you guys  xx
I'm off work now and I'm going to get some rest have to be back @ work to update servers for month end. Missing the lords word. Today 
At moses. About to pass out. Missing my baby  hope she has fun 
Note to self. Read tweets B4 posting. Missing words ruin the punch line 
Enjoying coffee and NYT! Missing my little niece 
@f2point4 Cool! Missing you both loads 
I cant believe it!!  Its been more than 22 days since I have gotten drunk..  Missing Vodka very much..
@ehudson723 Missing you already  Madden refuses swimming trunks or floaties! http://twitpic.com/6cndu
Is back home, working the lobster look... Missing J like mad though 
@ambermac Wrong time of year to be going to Banff.  Missing skiing.  
Wow just found out that directv has added about 40 channels. No wonder my bill went up But I still don't have bravo, bet. Missing out. 
@Jezabeljones  List it &quot;Missing&quot; on FarceBook 
@joeymcintyre @jordanknight @dannywood @JonathanRKnight @donniewahlberg - Missing you in Florida this weekend!!  
On my way to P-town. Missing my bride and kids already 
Drat!  The power is out in my section of town! Missing my show! 
Is doing laundry and going to this new bubble tea spot in Manhattan. Missing my baby 
At work... Missing my routine cup of joe 
Getting in as much studying as possible before my exam in an hour and a bit... so tired. Missing @MadelynReynolds 
Settling in for a week in Taipei.  Missing my kids in a big way and it's not even been a day away yet 
This sounds sad  Missing French jet hit thunderstorms over Atlantic http://tinyurl.com/lubmuq
@Cielliaagnes hi sweety!!! Missing u already   
day 3 of bbq-fest. Never want to see a bit of meat again.  Missing Mark 
Canadian aboard Missing Jet today......   http://tinyurl.com/m7rp4n
http://twitpic.com/6fa7z - Missing this boy way too much 
So excited to walking with some of my LLs. Missing the rest of you 
T. left for SC for biz all this week.  Missing him like CRAZY right now! But my Dad's down from NMB for a visit cuz his bday was last week
Just heard about the missing airbus. It's a tragic event. 
Hoping to sleep all day today. Missing out on the sun again  boo
is back on the internetz!  Missing all my bookmarks though  [on my laptop on wireless btw]
why is @trapzx missing in action again? 
@jtonline me too  Missing out on all the #iod2009 and #poken fun. Maybe they will send us one
Trying to print my photos at school, but they are not turning out. fricken a, they're late enough already! Missing Mel like Crazy.. 
@Abby_Keshihead no idea, I could do with finding out! Missing it in this weather though 
is fade up of cooking.......Missing his home....this study sucks..... 
oh @#$%! Missing seeing @realjohngreen in Sydney today/tonight at one of my favourite bookshops. Stoopid work travel 
Going to have an early night....i'm so pooped.  All this stress is getting to me   Missing my Mum.
is grumpy! Missing hubby and a.m. snuggles! Wants curtains hung, tired of sun in room at 6:15! And still have 3 days left 
is Missing Rosa   x
@madhuri567 Missing the randomness 
I miss my boobah i miss my boobah i miss i miss i miss  what am i doing with my summer? Missing and worrying
still has a dull ache in the back of my head and is feeling very lonely right now! Missing my man so much!  
Must find time to start learning Spanish too.  Missing everyone over there and losing what little I had of the language   All money tho'
hanging in the rental car while Maia naps. Missing my brother-in-law's UCLA med school grad ceremony 
@Scarlettjen Awwww.... missing you already. 
Landed in colorado springs to refuel cause of the damn storm. Going back to denver soon. Missing K 
@missaquia lol from redbox. &amp; I'm sorry this weekend can't be anything else but funfilled! Missing you though of course 
On the way to collect the car. Missing eve 
Is Missing His Girlfriend  x
Science of fear is awesome! Missing #tempertrap live! 
Missed the call from Georgia  hope they call me back....Missing those boys!
Brothers practice going pretty fun so far. Missing @joelotte   
Working today. Closing. 2 - 11. Missing out on Ming's birthday dinner/party. 
ILY bae...Missing HiiM 
http://twitpic.com/6rtyt - Missing this right now 
Bored, bored, bored! Missing the Mr 
In palmdale.. Missing my wifey.  (no homo)
@tweetheart7 Thanks-kilt plan must go ahead!!! Missing Jordan, lots  How u? xx
Got new sandals and some work out shorts. Missing out on a reception full of hot guys. 
Kids landed safe in PIA. Missing them allready 
Going to bed. Missing out on all the parties cause i gotta work. 
Wants to be at a concert right now. Missing out on the music scene right now. Ipod isnt making it right now for me. 
I'm sure my parents are missing their first grandchild already....Really quiet here at home...Missing them also 
4 more hours of work. Being away from him is still heavy on my heart and its been 6 years since I last saw his face... Missing Dequence. 
back to work!! missing beirut already 
Agarando el pdoo ! Missing you 
@PeterBlackQUT well you're very sweet. i must say i'm annoyed at missing the bookfest yet again 
Just got back from gymnastic class &amp; dinner!  Missing Steph's farewell 
Home sweet home! Missing camp alreadyy 
Full moon tonight! Missing out on a bbq party on the island, sob, cuz i'm on the bus heading home 
Crisis! Missing my one inch curling iron and need to put in my extensions for graduation 
Just woke up... Missing her pimp daddy  Thinking about what I want to do today... hmmmm
Waiting day by day for the new album, the new tour...for my hugs! My love is patient and greatly. Missing my guys in Brazil 
Pool now. Missing the seniors already.  God is amazing.
Sitting at home. Missing my boy 
Kvartal panel blind system is giving me a headache. Missing parts 
lying down. sad. missing greg. 
Soo in the mood for sushi, runyon, and laying by the pool.. anyone want to join me?? Missing my bestie @nikkidontstop 
Laptop is still dead.  Exam week... must study.  Missing important emails being computerless too  Wanna watch primeval finale
In baker berating myself for the stupid plays i made before the bustout hand. Missing family. 
Finally, tucked away safely at home.  Missing my baby already...sigh 
It's just starting around here... uhm. Missing someone 
&quot;Officially Missing You&quot; by Tamia always brings memories when I hear it 
@tomtpc Btw, yuuuum on that potluck dinner I'm jealous! Missing ga lately  Used to live there
omg so sad to be home in TO again   Missing vitamin R and of course the beach and sunshine!!
Where the hell is my motherfreaking ipod?!!!! Missing for 3 days now. 
just occured to me: I'm acting like a 3rd grader. yeah, well, my 3rd-grade-ness is justified!! Missing Jake 
Still Missing Fudge cat like crazy 
contacted CYFs and filed a Missing Persons Report with police re: runaway. Nothing else to do but go to bed now 
Resting at home after taking miraculous painkillers. Missing the cake and the outing. 
Knee hurts soooo bad. Missing my former students' graduation. 
@marzwah @groundviper Missing you!  Yung cheesecake naiwan sa bahay. Haha!
felt REALLY good after an hour of jogging! It's been a while..tsk. Haha! Missing Blake again. 
A new day, a new life. Missing. My heart though 
And all my posts are gone. Disappeared even from dashboard!!! 
just woke up. still tired. Missing Fake? a bit this morning. 
@kgun9   we can't get ch9 this morning, even with our new $50 antenna on a new dtv.. where oh where are U? Missing Regis/Kelly + The View
@DiimeDivax I knooooow NOT COOL! Missing you too 
Going to bed early tonight. Taking a rest so no jogging tonight. Not happy about my upcomming doctors visit tomorrow  ...Missing you Owen
Just woke up from a afternoon nap. Missing the other parts of Three Amigos  we shall ride again! http://twitpic.com/7icuq
Is stuck in the Denver airport. Won't be home til 3 am.  great. Missing stevie &lt;3
This is one of the saddest days in my entire life (well no, but it's still sad). I can't find my iTouch  Missing since 7 hours ago.......
@DodgerD missing that table 
@MyShortFate Missing short Stack all the time on channel v! i was only lucky yesterday morning. 
It's way too hot for my liking! Missing the pleasant weather!! 
@HumanGummybear sent and sent  Missing u too x
Off to work. Missing my first doctors appointment with @sallytj 
@Anjeebaby loving your photo. Missing your tweets - i see you have a new friend, thought i was your only twit love?   (lol)
@IRNRYN Missing the forums yea  lol
I want to get back in my element! I'm missing it! Missing the flow and creativity!  ill be back soon though! (Y)
Pool dayyyy! Missing NYC though 
Id ask you to hold my heart in your hands. Missing him alot lately 
still pist about my missing cd 
So sick of revision  chemestry tomorro :S  Missing my old life 
@honeybfly215 your missing all the festivities!!! So sad your not here 
says gosh.....missing you  http://plurk.com/p/11h3b9
Wouldn't life be boring without music? Missing someone  i really miss theyb always make me smile  could relate to @MCYRUS1FAN
@Atlchicwswag missing it  so sad about that.
@Atlchicwswag missing it  so sad about that. @brandi1908 but I'm on vacay so I'm not THAT sad, lol!!!
lonely in pittsburgh. missing my other half. 
Bored and Missing my baby so much  I cnt wait until he home
Sleeepin at jocelyns, with lee. Missing BRAT  ..
too tired to write...way to tired to think. Missing my Captain. 
All by my lonesome in office, eating a scone and drinking a skinny capp. Missing @she_loves_tiki and @steverg @keeno and @dancooper 
@Aoife_B *hug* Missing you 
For endings, as it is known, are where we begin.&quot;  Just watched Pushing Daisies series finale. 1 of the best series ever made. Missing it!
Tired but at work... What can I say. Missing the wife right now 
@bubblewench Missing my Confab buds, too. 
Is in the studio mixing, missing the parade.  
&quot;I don't want anything more than to see your face when you open the door...&quot; Missing you! 
@ENTERSHIKARI and I'm bloody missing it! noooooooooooo! 
I Still Missing You 
off to work.missing tllts.  
At home. Planning out things for our spontaneous trip to Mussel Shoals. Waiting for him to wake up... =/ Missing bad. 
@NotoriousREESE your missing me? 
@wmyeoh most probably yes, but we'll see how painful a 4 icon dock is. Missing SBSettings already, though 
Bushfire affected toddler - Missing toddler found in dam -  http://bit.ly/2a8fzY - can;t even begin to imagine 
No Yoga tonight...Maybe in the morning or a run. So sleepy....Missing someone.  Why the hell do I do this to myself!
@missalbaxp your missing out 
Today should be relatively good. Missing maths again though  and I can't not go to soulsa
Feeling like to go home... Missing my mom very much 
@emmasingleee you know whats worse then missing my friends in australia? Missing my emiliah in australia 
I'm at an ELL conference in Maryland. Quite interesting! Missing awards at my school today though 
@johnneebee I'm good, crazy busy!  Missing our chats 
In hospital, fed up &amp; tired. Missing my man very much. 
I wish I could turn my brain off, it feels like its about to overheat lol.  Missing my bff @anonymousjen so bad 
I have the most marvelous husband!! Missing mis hermanas     Faison 1yr anniversary Tues. . .my how time passes
goodnite...praying &amp; then off to sleep. Missing Sam already. 
Dying to dance again :| Missing you lots, Sayawatha! 
Way tired!!  Missing @ksobe1230  http://myloc.me/4qLo
tired, feeling sorry for myself and wondering if i made a massive mistake! Missing you 
Conference blogging dbate cont. on Genetic Future blog.Who knew it would b this interesting? Missing @girlscientist   http://bit.ly/13XTiW
Hello all.  Missing #onr   #aceisancient.
http://twitpic.com/7tvsd - Missing this ponytail. 
Staying inside..it's way too hot out there!! Missing my man 
talking to my Beckens, who is in Alberta  Missing my Beckens
Exhausted after a long day ... Missing @nailataryam and my nephew and mom  wish u were with us !
In bed reading Now mag. Feeling v tired &amp; bit rough after y.days hosp visit. Missing @mjh81 in bed with me though!  so glad its the wknd!
@niteskolar I'm good. Missing my kids. They are gone to grammy's for a month 
wish all her guys and girls wud com online  Missing and love u all xxxx
@tealpeace omg yay you get to stay just bit longer! Maybe you'll come down to legends? Missing class is a bummer though 
En Paracas!!!! Missing hubby 
@bennysalas  naw bro! i know im missing out.
Getting a blow wave at the hair salon. Missing Kaela. She's the only one who loves my hair 
@Valleycat73 missing you tonight 
Jords doing my hair. Fun day. Missing my baby. He still seems to be '' too '' busy. 
Just woke up, oh god today is sooo hot  still too lazy to move. Missing d lalala http://myloc.me/4Ahq
Listening to The Climb. Motivational songs ftw. Having Extreme ATL withdrawals. Missing them. Missing Jenna. 
I finally realized why ive been so depresd thanks 2 my bestie Sami, so ive just gotta tough it out til its over. Missing ppl sucks. 
Won mario kart tourney!!   mad tired though... Going to bed... Missing her 
Morning, slightly better mood now than earlier. Watching scooby doo. Missing my boyfriend, I wish I had credit. 
watching the F1..jensonn! Missing my boo 
Hangover was a lot funnier than i thought!!!! Vegas... Missing vegas 
Listening to Georgetown medleys. Missing the Pipe Band world. 
Thinking of Him again....Missing him 
Playing GTA 4 its so so good 61% and counting !! Missing my other half wish she was home 
Disneyland today with the cousins!! Missing @jazzijoyce 
Just landed in NYC! Missing the sunny weather and home already 
eatinng sonic missing himm 
I'm on a plane. Missing a wedding 
( in Cairo ) Lovesick  .. Missing u honey ..
Craving some #Moes right about now.  Missing my boys already. 
@donniewahlberg Missing you already!!  Wish I could go to more shows this tour!!!  
Finally got to catch an hour of sun...  Now off for a cocktail.  Missing someone right now 
&amp;&amp; I'm having a really bad cough. I cough until I feel like puking. And tummy's alil weird... Urgh sucks! Missing you.... 
Groundedddd..missing tbs @burbankhays anberlin and eotc. 
And that was goodbye to my home of 2 years. Missing it already.  May the new place cure my heartache. 
Sitting at home relaixing drinking since I don't have to work tomorrow!! YAY!!! Missing the boy though... 
about to go to bed, looking at my beautiful baby girl and getting sweet kisses. Doesn't get much better than this! Missing topher though 
is reading then getting some much needed sleep. Missing Sammy 
going to sleep.. missing @jwilproduction 
Heading home finally. Missing out on yet another party. 
In San Diegoooooooo. Culture shock. Missing everyone. Homesick 24 hours in? 
#TweetDeck v0.26.2 is playing up!!  Missing some tweets in All Friends list (some appearing in Mentions but not All Friends)....
Still baking. Keeping away from kathy. Slowly dying. Missing Zachary 
@johnmayer indian anytime soon ? 'something's missing' in india 
@Mattymoopoo Missing my boy  x
I wonder where you are, what your doing, how your feeling! Missing U so badly! 
@Jennymac22 stuffs good sweetie. Missing our chats though 
@babblesbear Riribear missing out 
At the Bridge for daddy day! Missing the kiddos tho 
off to bed.. missing my other half 
At home. Doing everything I abandoned this weekend. Missing @diazdave so much 
Last schoolday today    A little bit sad. Missing all the friends...
http://twitpic.com/84h31 Missing my Munya 
okay...just because &quot;P.S. I Love you&quot; is one of the BEST movies...doesn't mean its a good idea to watch it when I'm sad.  Missing my other
All snuggled up in bed with a bit of west wing. Missing the boyf loads, stoopid america! 
Dinner then giving a voice lesson.  Missing the bf 
Stuck in Iraq Missing my family wanting to be home 
can't sleep. Missing him too much 
Night everyone, Missing her sooo much  x
Wondering what area code should i get when i change my number. Dudes won't get the hit until i get upset! Missing Korea! 
In a motel room by the beach. All alone. Missing NYC, my bed and my pups. 
@BigB3n Stolen from my check-in luggage. Possibly cos it was in the side pocket of my backpack &amp; contained a really really nice pill box 
Boyf's working and i'm rotting. Missing him  - http://tweet.sg
my notebook's missing!! i need to find it 
Again staying back  . After moving to new group I am almost in office for more than 10 hours ... Missing Library a lot ...
@xrayspecs LOL  no...that's not it.  I found out they are looking for a missing boater 
Checking Atlanta photos!! Missing those days! 
sitting eating ice cream whilst watching the comedy festival  Missing Michelle
@stacijshelton Staci J !!!  I've been busy as heck, only managing to tweet in short bursts at best.  Missing you and other tweeps too.
I'm drunk in muskoka!! Loving life  Missing my guy like crazy!!! I want to see him so bad!!!!!
Mind on.. :-X .. Missing someone is a guarantee when your down for em 
@XxkelliemariexX Ohh thankss bubble  We have some of your things you left here, We are going to send them before we go  Missing youuu!
looking forward to the finale of the RACE next week! Missing my castle girls though... Any and all Race fans welcome to watch chez moi... 
flying is falling, getting distracted and missing the ground 
I've said goodbye to my boyfriend. Missing him so much already. Well, next week I'm back... 
@Halawa just take it easy solve slowly n dont lsn 2 the tension around  u. u'll do great. Missing u more. yalla finish those exams of urz 
Just focused on assignment!! and Missing homeee.. Sa OL ngk? ichat yuk!! miss y sat  xx
@venkateshkumar Missing fun..? When its not coming to me, I would make it, I know the recipe I believe. 
Chipmunk has gone to his rightful home. Missing the pitter patter of 4 feet 
Where are you in the world @Fatcontroller ??? Missing you already 
@rhysbart I know, cakes are amazing though. Congrats on the release of Awaydays!  Missing you x
Online for a few mins.. Missing you!  blah its only 9:27 am and im beat!!  hahaha REHERSALS ALL DAY :[
Fake it until it's real.  dennys with my two besties. Missing my love&lt;3 wanting to sleep.
