Most common words for this cluster:
[('mmm', 264), ('lol', 159), ('mmmm', 157), ('yum', 139), ('amp', 117), ('im', 112), ('http', 100), ('com', 96), ('yummy', 95), ('food', 85), ('haha', 82), ('pizza', 79)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Mmmmmmm', 0.8323997855186462), (u'Mmmmmm', 0.7970967888832092), (u'Yum_yum', 0.7957994341850281), (u'mmmmmm', 0.7892850637435913), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.7826842665672302), (u'sammich', 0.7824402451515198), (u'Hee_hee', 0.7750658988952637), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.7696456909179688), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7688503861427307), (u'Mmmmm', 0.7676207423210144)]





@jonathanchard Not calorie wise   I wish junk food was calorie free! I ate a thing of sour skittles and a big ass cherry coke!
I don't get statistics!  Its all a bunch of mumbo jumbo for me.
Ooops. Just ate a panini from W-mart cold that says it needed to be thoroughly cooked. It didn't taste raw. I die nao from f. poisoning? 
// :T I just asked my friend what piglet was (winnie the pooh.) ....seriously guys what is it 
I'm at disneyland again Ahaha! And i'm sad the pineapple stand is closed... I have 3 dollars 
just finished cooking spag bol from scratch.. in other words been cooking for the past 4 hours! i'm not hungry anymore 
@ecaps1 arrrrg it must be bad   mcdonald / burger king always hire
@darenzia  assuming i wont get to see u before u leave...i'll miss u punkin : *
@weblivz What a boot. I would have demanded one stinking scone from her mighty haul 
@sage_rules I wish it were that easy bro.  I am srsly down over this.  I couldn't even finish my yummy oatmeal today 
Late to work and still feeling like poo. 
@bradiewebbstack ew not meatloaf. go with pie..wow you said that like, 2 hours ago. omg as soon as i logged off you got on. typical 
Just got my favourite brie and cranberry ciabatta... forgot to get it toasted though  damn
great, I toasted a crumpet and then forgot about it... now it's cold 
internets sl0wz sauce, have to stream in low quality... this isn't fun 
Is at the dentist and I've gotta get a tooth extracted  damn you pepsi, coffee, and candy...
woops got chocolate milkshake on my white top :S grr my top  &lt;3
@jlknott blech, it oozes out to make its own pyramid.  
@vaidah uh no, I have my own dishes to do 
there woz summin rng with tht cream egg 
Waiting for the Doctorrrr - wee 
@adavies234 embarrasing cheese incident friday with future ppl. ordered pasta,  waitress put parmesan on and i had to send back  bad times
blue cheese is bitch.. whenever i start to crave cheese i know my weight is in upswing. 
jus got a flat tire 
bummed we're not in puerto rico rappelling down a waterfall,zip lining and bungee jumping with our couple  boo to coming back early.
yum yum eating chocolate, visited ol dschool was very sad 
UGH! whyy do i still feel like this? mm  i'm gonna eat some breakfast &amp; stop thinking haha
@nick_carter were you having sushi????? I miss sushi sooo bad, haven't got any in way too long 
Mmmm, just had some fresh cream victoria sponge. Looooovely..But now I feel a bit sick 
fml. shucks.... 
made some tamales...i gotta clean up my mess now 
The nice starbucks man ruined my chai frappe...really? It was on such a good streak too 
@chrisrules_09 aww who's the date? and it's goin ok! I want some red lobster biscuits tho'  what color are you wearing?
So sad bout chuck 
20 minute chili's...ehh pretty pathetic 
sad that chuck just lost 
i feel kinda barfy...   not good... must have been the pancakes and crown combo giving me the worst head&amp;stomachache
@mountainmudbabe yummy to bad you missed 
@leilanivaldez yummy taco bell! havent had that in awhile...are you still taking your trip? hope so...even though i wont be there 
@i_l_y  ewww  your faorite flavor?  ugh nvm i got to throw it back up. nasty ill have to change my fave. icecream flavor now  thanks dilli
went to the mall and had dinner out yay  tori-sorry vegas is hating you  it hates me too. laur-ooh smoothie sounds good ;D
@nick_carter that sweet .. I will miss you! 
pizza and hot funyuns... britney will never love me 
@shanedawson  out of yogurt  sry
36deg celsius, pani puri, my room..all getting over too soon 
@ChristineVee you mean stuff??? she is eating apple sauce and spit 
really wanting chipotle..and some meds 
I wish I had my noodle with me so we could cuddle  he wouldn't want to anyways...he says I snore (which I do not!!!)
im making sweet love to my pepto bismol right now in between barf sessions 
burnt myself on the sandwhich maker  not fun
still sick.  effed up sleeping schedule. clam chowder frm vons is the shiz.
Eating @outback steakhouse..yakoya batal krn tutup 
Aw man - no crunchy nut, goin to have to go for peanut butter 
@stuartcalder lol yeah .... now I am wearing the bunny ears ... hmmm no off they come and still no chocolate 
@AndyAtkins up horribly early, havnt eaten any brekkie 
my dad tried to make me breakfast in bed but i got up... how sweet of him.  but i am gonna stop eating these bacon bakes... too fatty 
ood 40+ snapper, tarakihi, kingfish and porae. No marlin 
Dammit, I wanna go to the pancake breakfast today 
my easter eggs are white know 
Mmmm is going to have a little sleepy 
eating oreo's 
went healthy for dinner...vegies....with lots of butter, garlic and cheese ha ha, i am going to die at boxing this week 
@Quendy aww where did you buy that? I want some too  marshmallow fluff...mmm
@tommcfly mmm Tasty, you'r making me hungry now 
had a sunday roast n ate some choc now i feel rather sick 
is at adams having a major cake craving! hayfever is killing me though 
mmmmm just 
@mario4rory hey kerry...nutella is chocolate and hazelnut spread. really nice. loaded with calories 
@im_Chrisss agreed crisp!  just studied some maths and welsh though :O. bitesize tgau rocks!!! 
@garrett hmm, really haven't developed a taste for olives yet. i should try! i don't have a taste for red wine, either. 
back and feel ill from tha egg            but didnt eat it all cuz on a diet shhh! haha x
@akaMonty mmmm...yum. But I don't think I have coffee or nilla wafers  hubz normally makes b-fast but I OH cereal offered 2 kids double 
thnx to lynden now really fancy some samosas  grrrrr
Mmmmmm can smell dinner, god am hungry now 
im missing bananas for myy pancakes.  but they still gon hit the spot regardless, so im not trippin! :] holla!!!
Apparently pee wee's bbq is closed 
Just burnt my fecking toast 
@AmadiTalks i thought she was just really healthy i didn't know she was a vegan! i knew she was on martha apprentice but i didnt watch 
@mskathy   sorry bb!  What kind of fruit you want?  Strawberries are here now, as are peaches, but the peaches are kind of ass right n ...
@awonderland i haven't seen any cheetos billboards 
yay brownie &amp; cookie time .. bringing the delts their goodies for chapter. then going to see cory cuz he's sickie 
I am so restless. I am jealous of my bf that is BBQing, and going out. 
@patty_la hey no, that's I a bad idea 
@officialTila mmm    I from SouthAmerica
I want oreos 
@soy_ale dood! i have only had it for 1 month and now they are selling it to me for 400 
@lick_skittles  want to but I'd crash and die
@dandebuf that coffee machine at nova has been broken for ages .....  poor dan
not looking forward to giving bella another bath 2morrow.... she smells of rotten bones!!! 
@charlotte44 Any tips on beating egg whites pls? I have a very doughy cheescake in the fridge  'lol'
Has run outta cereal  HUNGRRYYY!! :S
not really enjoying this roti bakar susu  oh well, can't say I didn't try
mmm salad for tea oh what delights 
just stepped on un chicharrone....crumbs 
@wendywings Oh yum! That's hilarious, my boyfriend hates onions too. Makes cooking so bland 
made it home. not even 5 yet - yay!! gonna make some awesome green chicken curry dor dins! maybe watch a cool movie...on the couch..alone 
mmm milo chocolate moose/mousse?? i cant spell. i also cant find my basketball top or my runners 
Hmmmm I Don't think Chocolate is very suitable for lunch...not feeling very well lol 
@JBeauty den wheres my chedder popcorn at grl..i feel left out 
http://twitpic.com/3ped3 - I really want some boba right now 
Iight forreal goodnight lol I am putting my blk berry under my pillow I have a crackberry cramp  nite twitterlies
@eloquentembrace mmm i know the feeling. &amp; after that comes the feeling when you see the big F 
eatin soup contemplating the sig 30 just had.  poor guy 
Enjoying mine starbucks caramel nut coffee mmmm although I woke up to early after a night nba playoffs 
@cheerios81 now i got it im not tht dum 
feeling sooooo sick coz i ate waaay too much sweet and sour pork and coconut rice 
yucky. only tuesday!? 
is in the library with erin...no muffins 
Wishing I was home with my little mushie.... She is sicky-poo! 
@dolceshan they forgot my bacon on my pizza...highlight of the entire freakin thing!!! i was starving and cuz of it i lost my appetite 
haha .. imma fucker up n her cup cake .. some times u hurt me boo ..  @_jupiter
is sick-ish...not swine flu tho i promise...just a bad piece of pizza is my thoughts...but it tasted o so good!!! 
eww i think im EXTREAMLY burnt 
Someone plz take the calories out of my zebra cakes 
wish i was drinking an oreo shake with extra oreos from jack in the box, instead im drinking water with cayenne pepper  .....fml
 my weet bix went soggy while wrigting that twit curse you twitter curse you
@johncmayer ha i think this is true with golden grahams and cinnamon toast crunch 
@gfalcone601 you have no crunchy nut? we have no peace , theres work going on in my house i had to get up at 8  xx
i just had chinese. so yumm. but now soo full. ate tooooo much. 
Craving for tauco. I miss your cooking mak saleh 
taco really misses his momma---I do to.  
pandemic alert !!!!!!!  george bush now has swine flu from spit roasting a pig... oink oink
@EPMorgan i ahven't gone coz i can't take that much time out of revision  whassup dudette? *sends crunchies and spoons*
@denvy I totally would if I could!  HK dimsum no fight. We get some pretty decent ones here though..heh.
@mikewest very jealous! I totally love white asparagus with Hollandaise but nobody sells the awesome white asparagus outside germany. Meh 
bbq stuff made, house cleaned - bloomin' beer hasn't cleared yet  -still sunny, off to gym
@thisisryanross Mmm I hope you get better ryan 
hmmm midnight youth were just on juice. 
could really go some kfc 
@ponyy bahaha, i was putting butter back and bam it hurt 
eating trix and frosted cherrios...not a combo 
@ddlovato demi you just made me so hungry for taco bell hah and its only 10 in the morning 
Damnit, dishes 
@tmunni you hanging this morn girl...  that's no bueno ray and i kept it clear with vodka tonic and i feel great this morn!
Although I want to hit up mcdonalds breakfast instead! 
i have to stop eating at burger king. im starting to get fat! but its sooo good! 
@HoboGal ditto, but i don't know if it will  i would brave a thunderstorm for a funnel cake tho
Mmm.  A mint julep and some burgoo sounds delicious right now.  If I wasn't broke and sick, it wouldn't be too late to hit the Derby.  
has to wait longer to see if chuck is saved 
I promised myself no more cheese and tobasco butties... The are too nice though 
@davekim mmmm intermezzo...  havent been for a while  top dogs?
@_bianca__ I ran out of microwavable burritos!!  idk, im so full though. I was up at 2:30am grilling hot dogs cause I was hungry. lol 
@JPGearing HAHA! thats well appropriate! i need a IIOII tattoo. but now it looks like cutlery next to my plate 
@LivCanRawr  french fries sound delicious 
@michelle_j70 ggrrrr its the chocolate souffle i want  lol
Just had a cherry coke explode on me while driving  no bueno
this stokos is sooooooo good! grilled chicken sandwich nd fries that im not supposed to b eating  ...1st time n a month tho,no more!!
They fryin fish, got meat on da grill *pause* and sellin o-cups out front!  I should've known! ... But da coon in me...smh...   
back home WOOT!!!!! tonight was ok but i still wanted to be in bing  . i got free food and drinks after tho.... always a plus lol
I think my betta fish is dying. 
all that i have consumed today are cheetos, orange pop, and coke... not healthy! no appetite 
@tim_butcher no special fat yak glass 
Mmmm ricky who 
3 huge cups of jungle juice (aka hairy buffalo), shot of jager, and 6 jello shots later...I did not get drunk  
Someone take me out for dinner. I'm hungry but I have nth in the fridge, omg 
eating porkchop with catsup :p i wanna go out. huhuhu 
Just got up a few minutes ago. Drinking my fav breakfast, cafe con leche. yummmmm... I'm sleepy 
@1stvamp sammich combo a winner, carrot must be cut thinner though, to chomping thicker carrot *inside* granary toast leads to sore gums 
@LynnetteAstaire i make some bomb ass pancakes. i'll make some for you!! was supposed to have pancakes 2 mornings in a row and was denied 
craving bbq. Too bad we dont' have a bbq 
@JasonKAM ahaha! I'm actually crap at making good toast  I best get practising!! byeee x
@DHughesy why no song &amp; dance??? poo! how disappointing! 
Four keybabs, two sausages, one and a half burgers later we've reached the end.  http://twitpic.com/4h9gb
@ayyooo take 2 advils &amp; a redbull  - should help 
rum and coke 1 joshua 0  boo!!
getting the kids ready to go to grans for a sleepover...wine ahoy this evening.!!! wey hey..!!! but not looking forward to working 2moro 
Finishd eating, gng shopping monday for some sunnies. Some dog just peed on my converse 
mmm yummy coke.... i wish i had another bag of doritos now 
@flipzy26 oh too bad, tasting like bacon would of been interesting 
feel guilty for not going for a run today  had a long walk with hubby it was lovely ..Fancy something really sweet ..... Mmmm chocolate x
am loving these tan lines, about to eat some tuna/ wasabi mayo wraps made by my sweetie!!! wish he was here to hang with us 
@acheung219 i want some buffalo wings  i hear wingstop is the shiz!
@meocat lol we left chloe at home while we went to lunch. chloe was scared of coco.  lol
i almost feel bad waking her up just to give her a bath  http://sml.vg/q5jrzv
craving king crab legs &amp; butta ... Woosah red (nasty) lobster??? 
tator tots are the best...I just want this thing to happen already. It's been so long already. 
@westerosredsock did you hear about adam cook 
so jus cooked, i gave myself the bussiness meatloaf, mashed potatoes and greens...now i nap. blackberry broke so i cant tweet as much 
im disappointed. no chips and salsa 
@sweet_bill ohhh haha myy bad  guesses what im listening to right now
I'm a crispy critter  ouch!
@TonishaRenee oh nooooo toni!!!i swear i thought it was pretty healthy.its just rice lettuce n corn..minus the sour cream cheese n dough 
my sweet mama hadda bring me a lil tray and bell w my plate cause I don't feel so good ( think I'm catching the flu... 
temptation is a muthafuckin.. weekness fa yellas and chocolate thick chicks is hard when its so many around me  @MissJia
@mmm_gash i know, sad isn't it? 
Mmm pizza sounds really good about now.  But I'm too lazy to go get one and they won't deliver to my house 
just watched marley &amp; me, had some pizza and cuddled with my man... still have the damn swine flu 
@IsaChandra spinach and mac? nice. we nearly had mac and &quot;chreese&quot; tonight, but were out of soy milk.  what is your favorite vegan cheese?
No. No she did not bring home cookies.  She also think the sandwich I wanna eat looks nasty. *sigh* woe is me. heavy on the woe.
i have nice beef noodle soup crap, oj and some bad karma on my ass  should walk puppy too maybe
is too tired to get out of bed for a wee 
Mmmmmmm that dinner was far better then i coulda imagined........now i want more 
@mrstempo mmmm soy pancakes. I had a bagel  but its better than cheerios in my opinion.
http://twitpic.com/4jblq - yum yum yum... in my tum... and then it goes to my bum... which isnt much fun! 
mmmmmm........ do i have to do this billings now? 
@justmorelitter me too!!! At dunkin donuts they have cupons that you can get in at kid prices!! I wanna go 
@moriesbel and again I missed the mmm's from moriesbel 
wow. i CRAVE boba, badly! 
sittin on the pot.... ha ha my tummy hurts 
just had 2 bacon deluxe burger from hungry jacks (burger king in australia). yes! another 1 pound added to my weight. 
Aw, adam cook, david cook's bro died from cancer  so scary and sad.
There are no more eggwhites in the caf. 
I dislike coke, but there's no pepsi 
@jadestella Thats never good honey 
gosh... chinese herbal medicine tastes awful!!! 
@TraceyHewins mmm choc chip all gd, just bn timed out 
practicing non-attachment: thought dh put our goat's milk in the fridge only 2 b surprised 2 find them still in the cooler this am!! 
@popstarmagazine I wish I could eat mcdonalds everyday and not get fat... 
sooo tired...sammie was up @ 3 again and it was my nite to take her out 
It feels like it is 5 million degrees out, yuck. Not looking forward to summer 
@esteniaortiz eh not really and now i have to do a huge pile of dishes and finish my homework ugh 
@lemoo01 aahha well the boba balls get stuck in my straw  &amp; i almost choked once
im sickk.!!!!!  it suckkss should i eat chicken noodle soup.? i want to but im too lazyy to get upp..ggrrr..
no finds at sf moma warehouse sale.  off to steak dinner at izzy's. yum!
I am PISSED!!!!!  No yao = no more playoffs....sorry, I know he played like poo, but it's true 
last night was tons of fun. and tons of beer. i'm craving oreos. full fat. lena i need to do cardio but i need yr help 
ooow! just burnt my tongue on hot coffee! ...now its all stingy n yuk 
Oh wow. That pepsi disappeared really fast. 
i'm starving and my teriyaki smells so yum!--but oh please 90 minutes left 
@Liteskinpoppin Awwwwwww mannnnnnn!!!!!! Boooooooo!!!! U lol jk.. I was really had my taste buds set for that ..... 
@moviegirl09 ya i remember alice saying that about you!  i like to bake too though its very infrequent, tiny kitchen to work in 
mmm....i am loving all the twitpics. and i didnt know getting a tetnis shot would hurt this much 
had a sudden urge to make semifreddo. cant though   
@getcha_swag_up You said I was fat  I been eating low fat salads LOL w| vinaigrette , 1 piece of bread and a slice of cheese. Thats IT
 haha my dragon jus tried to attack me
@MsBlackberry305 but if I go with u guys who's gonna cook his burgers? I can't jus abandon him 
@c2s  shutup. everyone else is just abnormally tall.  i'm not a  shrimp . haha i LIKE jasmine! yay super old tshirts!
@somewickedgame oh no  you were gone when i came back from my snack! you can always call or txt. :-*
@paxsarah o god, then u saw us at our worst! we had done all rides and ben was stealing the icecream from zack so i probably looked md 
mmmm pizza. I want my bf, though 
is hoping some hot apple cider will help her to feel better... this coughing fit is hell 
wants you to ask me if I went out on a date this weekend.... Mmm hmmm g'head, ask me! 
@Amillion2one  That sux   I don't have alot of pasta but I really enjoy it when I do .
@rhea_ann Who treats you like crap? 
@joshalexanderr fair enough. i havent had those in ages. now i want mcdonalds hashbrowns damn it 
@JessRiva - couldn't agree more atm sweetness... damn boys. 
oysters and lime. pickles on a fish fillet. oh god. the stuff ibu left me to eat. 
@mumu_matryoshka  xoxo plus lots of hugs
@TerriCook Yep. Strawberries and chocolate next - but the Champagne has been put on ice due to her driving home later.... 
@Yorksville yeah, til you come home with 19 tins of artichoke hearts and a can of whiskas 
@asiarec omg, now u already know i'm down, except my momz is comin in later &amp; i'm studyin till then..  Mmm, those ribs - raincheck plz!
Just ate my tasty dinner  Trying to upload a pic on this twit but keeps sayin it too big 
eating french fries. i am totally bored. 
bleh i feel like shit again  stupid sinuses! but leaving for brunch soon with mommy and my brother yay 
@vannydel I cat access the link from my cellphn  nope. just plain ole brown, ne exotic shit like basmati ;-) where's the butter?....
mmmm why?? 
@icyjoey tisk tisk?   what did I do? 
kitty is still missing.  really worried.  remy you never miss a meal, where could you be?   #fb
my stomach is filled with bee hoon goreng. where's my watermelon and apple A? ^^ swim or run afterwards? 
eating pizza with the fam. ugh tomorrows supposed to be nice out. 
@DeezyDolla you didnt save me any bbq 
@YungCEO aww sorry and its just been sitting n there cuz we don't eat cake like that 
@quarrygirl that sucks!   and what's this about pure luck's baja burrito?
@LaurenConrad wtf is this about no pudge? I'm on a dieting race with my mom too see who's in more shape for hawaii and no yummy food = 
layin down, watching hannah montana, drinking orange juice, with a sore septum 
@baf03 um eff? i just had some milk ... to try and reduce heartburn 
@nodabear89 @Cmacbrohn87 awww is he okay?  nd we know were special lol we come in pairs too just like a nut sack lmao
for the cacio e pepe had to &quot;throw out&quot; my tasting guests after 3,5 hours  
Watch out - there's a porridge thief about. 
http://twitpic.com/555hw going t/hospital  last nite cut off a piece of my pink when preparing food for the juicer.
@picperfic Mmmmmmm bread smell in the morning  I used to have a bread machine with a timer. It's in storage 
ewww.ew.ew. my kitty juss ate a huuuge moth &amp;i broke my blinds because she messed them up &amp;i tried to fix them 
@FuchsiaStiletto mmm mmmmmm dat sounds nicee.. I jus hada ham salad sarnie n tea  mcds need to do delivery, I'd rinse da breakies I swear
There's an enormous fat wasp in my room  gah
Saints website not working atm :@. going orthodentist tomorow :'(! looks like its soup for dinner then as it hurts to much to eat 
@paulson500 a nice biscuit  want some hobnobs now though
I thought it was actually a joke how much stuff landed on my desk when I was off for half hour eating pineapple fritters.... It wasn't... 
well umm yess,i miss simple plan,josh farro,and....curtis ward 
@mlbproductions lol yeh you're right  I'mma take alcohol as my dish tho lol
Oh no, I think my crock pot has died 
@sillybeggar ooh yummy, gutted it didn't work 
@amymarie1001 Mmmm, coffee...I had to skip mine this morning cuz I was running late 
Rings cleaned, turning on wax pot...wanna look prissy but my uggs are calling me  eww rain is threatening my hairstyle!
missn my oreo.open minded.intellectual.care free.besties....  
Waiting for the chef prepare my dinner...mmm smells so goood! meanwhile I'll clean the back yard 
bored watching beatle juice. text me 
watching jaws revenge. boring a.f! eating ramen and drinking sprite . . should b partying . . *grounded* 
Someone left a whole pita wrap outside of daphne's greek cafe 
eatin tacos watching dane cook vicious circle but it just ended crappy 
i can't find my cheetos 
@rochelleness wala parin ate may 
Who stole my dr pepper chapstick!?! 
@mouthsex yo barney's beanery? I need backup 
is at my uncle oscars house chilling with chantalle! the most awesomest betch! ha! i ate pizza and now im myspacing 
is at my uncle oscars house chilling with chantalle! the most awesomest betch! ha! i threw up pizza and now im myspacing 
@TDLQ i'm only seeing the original, dark, caramel and double coat!    i wanna try them all!!  oh i found an instructional vid for the  ...
im hungry......must resist urge 2 eat....photoshoot in 2 days  ....dammit ima go munch on a carrot lol
@kev_mck I miss steak and kidney pie and chips 
wahliow,micheal is so heartless.i am so hungry and he's not willing to help me buy food 
i waisted 4 boxes of tissues today becuz of my stupid runny nose.  kayy bye love you all. !
im back in oz and mums macking cup cakes    my lattop was stolen outta my checkin in luggage   so im on mums... http://tinyurl.com/ohukb2
avoid the taco bell on dix, everybody 
@diana_metro they were the most amazing cupcakes eeever. but ohhh sugarrushhh... i ate too manyy 
I want a pepsi 
@TheGreenWelly Mmm wordpress gosh not updated my blog for aaages, don't seem to have the inclination 
I want a bacon sarnie, 1 prob tho, no bacon 
@HoptonHouseBnB pls don't twitpic that as will make my burnt bacon sandwich look a bit lame 
@holani http://twitpic.com/5cqie - looks traditional and spicy. no knowledge abt korean food 
At iga bakar panglima with wifey and pepe. Really need to take a bath, am too sticky n sweaty 
damm it i llost my easter egg 
The sunshine has got here at least whoopie. I cant keep up with all the tweeting trends thingys... 
@VERSEALL I'm thinking abt yr turkey sauages - I didn't have anything with my pancakes but vermont sugar free maple syrup! 
The new illy ready to drink capuccino out of the can is a disappointment and can't keep up with nespressos canned flavor 
@TheMandyMoore Mmm soup, that would help my head cold. 
@staceyyhoward yer I am, til 4  I keep skiving off in the freezer brr
Note to no vodka redbull before bed! You might end up tossin and turnin all night. 
@luizaxx and i have no crunchies 
#shortstack is dropping 
Suddenly has this craving for juice.... (checks the refrigerator) - damn! finished it all!  sob!
@babilorentz i just saw now that you told bilu doesn't stink of poop hahahahaha but i'm talking serious  (smell it when you arrive)
@mrsfudgecrumpet ooooooh i fancy some chips now. damn you 
just get back from D jewel cafe.. ugghhh, the mee goreng mamak makes me full.. 
I think I'm allergic to eel  it's my fave type of sushi too 
Wanting my cheetos back 
@tb78 tone my man no hotties talk to me on skype  must be that aura of salty fishiness you got around you LOL
@txbella82 i forgot to take you your cherry dr pepper!  boo
old and crusty! jk!! soo sweet. he's getting so old though  new gf's were major snot balls to adrianne and i
i miss strawberry milkshake from mcdonald's 
@AmbreLake1 old and crusty! jk!! soo sweet. he's getting so old though  new gf's were major snot balls to adrianne and i
I miss american chop suey....they dont have that out here..i know right.....seriously and we dont have fluff either  or dunkin donuts..
@stoop_uk nope was Bisto's packet. Add and egg and 200 ml of water and watch them come out flatter than a pancake 
@Rachiee_caff I think i might off  
my fav. in the fish tank, an albino catfish I had for 4 yrs died 
I want cheee too to make a cumberland pie! 
Not comfortable.. stomach cram now!!! slh makan ke breakfast td.. 
i cant sleep...and im hella hungry   i feel like breakfast,  some pancakes yum
@POOHZi3 im snackinon sum whie cheddar cheez it lol 
@POOHZi3 im snackin on sum whie cheddar cheez it lol 
@POOHZi3 im snackin on sum white cheddar cheez it lol 
had ma cheeeeeese, now i want a bacon and cheese melt  i hate mondays! infact i hate everyday lol
@JoLoPe  not even for one last pina colada extra blended
off to school, getting a needle today, not cool!  I'm going to go eat coco pops and listen to @mileycyrus !
in n out, tacos from a random lonchera, and pizza all in less than 24hrs...lol...&amp;&amp; i'm starving right now!!!!! tsk tsk i'm bad! 
@telurikan you droppin' by bangsar? come laa have lunch together. can't believe i haven't seen you in yonks 
@minjuuuu nahhhh i got it from some place on king st. yum i love the risotto! staying back working.....no gym tonight 
@dekrazee1 yeah, gonna miss roadside bannana roti and icey coconut drinks   
fuck being lactose intolerant, threw up my froyo from earlier   cold, bundled up in bed, relying on ipod to sing me to sleep. gnighttt &lt;3
ate waayyyy toooo much     fat's coming!
@Joystaa the batter wouldve tasted good. Its chocolate  im trying to buy takeaway right now wait so long
@gfalcone601 yum! crunchy nut! i had toast this morning coz i ran out 
@fouzalsabah Mmmm sounds fab! 3awafi 3awafiii! I want brunch  LOL I just ate though.
has fallen out of crush  poo
having the best bonfire outside mmmmm where are my marshmellows 
@Kusmar07   wot hun ,  sore throat or mac d's hehehe ,  *passes cheeseburger and fries*  i can only swallow the milkshake      x x x
@public_mind yeah very true. I mean the same lemma holds for french food as well 
wheres my hot water bottle aka mocha when i need him? 
@celinieee The crafts thingy is already done. 
@avalanchelynn and i'm talking about the neighbourhood bakeries, not even like bengawan solo-kinda of bakeries.  nobody likes custard ar?
@Maxalicious im finkin sushi..im brass 2 pound budget for me so mcdonalds here i cum..but sushi or chicken katsu curry....im hungry 
@skhastie mmm i miss those hot chocolates at school 
coffee, regis &amp; kelly, cleaning and laundry. I miss my fam 
dt fillet o fish was der shit..im not full doe..i dnt even have snacks in my snack draw 
@jewelsmyfav average-chubby. I can't fux wit 'em if he 2 skinny...can't sleep in his shirt, mt as well wear mah own 
Bake directly on oven rack 25-30 minutes, or until pointed knife inserted in center comes out clean. Umm I'm all out of pointed knives 
mmm i want to go home. i feel all tired &amp; depressed 
Those little bits left at the bottom of a milkshake look so yummy but you just can't get at them! 
@xMeo Ah, poo...and you were so excited for the handmade fair, too!  
It's got to be bad that i start yawning immediately after finishing a mocha wake up from wawa.  need more caffeine!
@frombecca oooh that sounds good - I have total food and bevvy envy! all i can find is a very small easter egg 
@meregun the one where i fed your pussy lots of my sausage &amp; then you came &amp; started bitching cos you didn't want me to make your cat fat 
nice macbooks + deserts = not so nice dusty macbook 
and i mean REALLY i miss my hunny so much right now 
@MyCheMicALmuse i'm okay. And idk about muffin 
@juniperpearl yeah!  there's nothin like veggie patties and burger friday.
wanted a bagel snd a schmear, got english mufin with pb  so not the same
http://twitpic.com/5og3w - I cannot believe I ordered a salad for a main-that's what I get for eating twice 
ick. had a horrible dream last night  lol. btw... is it REALLY too early for noodles? cause i want them! :\ haha
@meldrum83 you ate a dodgy chicken sandwich from aldi eh? yeuck 
 apple counting the kama sutra as objectionable/abscene? http://bit.ly/bHJG8
 apple counting the kama sutra as objectionable/obscene? http://bit.ly/bHJG8
wa.....every days eat eat eat~~~i wan diet ler 
@markhillary: yup. wind well and truly taken from my sails about 30seconds later due to lack of milk and bacon 
i opened the blackberry  @kaseyRSM it tastes like shampoo! but it's kinda yum at the same time!
eating easter bunny  yummy, but i killed him, he has no ears 
@tuesday726 sadly no.  brian will bring you back his paella. Is paella a euphemism? Only time will tell.
@intr0vert ima big fan of nyquil...cherry only. im all out tho  warm milk sounds gross. one of the others might work...
kinda late but i have a severe craving for frosted flakes right now. or top ramen. unfortunately, i have neither. 
@lumplumps at least you got some all yo bananas ish made me too afeared to sleep lol  
@ratna_ratna tom yum fried rice???? sounds delicious  i want it too!!!!
oops i just tried to remove nail polish i dripped on my dress with remover. there is now a big messy melty hole  booo
@mooncici mmm......i wish i could say yummmm.....BUT...i dont like fruit at all 
@syafique ohhh ohh I love the nasi lemak there! tooo bad there is no old town here! 
my shitty dish rack collapsed under too many plates. i will avenge thee, shitty dish rack 
@pam_16_gem Just eaten two sweet, super-fattening donuts. No proper dinner yet ... still in office. 
just drank a full carafe of oj, now I feel like shit 
@endlessblush enchiladas twere yummy-wish I could figure out how to get them out of the baking dish w/o falling apart tho! no margaritas 
OUCH! just sliced my finger on food processor blade.  ok, it's little, but still hurt! not an ideal start to a fri but we can work w/ it.
Mmm it's gotten warm...although a little too windy to go outside  #sunshine
@rebekaaa ahha eat that mcafee. I loled 
@nancy_rodriguez wash what dishes?  you cooked &amp; didn't tell me about it?  
@kiracryogenic vanessa ate a whole bucket of fairy floss to herself hahaha I wanted her to save me some for tuesday 
@aine_okane i know clean trailed outta bed  lol what was ur pasta like? not loads i have trainin th nite for gaelic! wbu?
was just gonna nip to sainsburys coz i need a sugar boost to help me revise  but looked out of my window and its peeing it down 
@FreshPlastic  haha i am soo glad you didn't say bananas man kool rock grr yester he mentioned bananas prolly why i couldn't sleep 
no escuche el reto zuaz  lookin forward to drinks 2nite!
@jessicafarah poor my sicky poo sister!!!  whiskey and clo clo will make u fell better! Haha!
hey ... x not doing much but am in tech last day  oh no we are getting sweeties from our teacher yum yum ...
i feel ming mong moo after my chip bap....bad times 
Really wish I had a doobie right now 
blew her nose so hard she got dizzy  ouch hahah i'm gonna eat some hotdogs and then go to work. womp womp
@tokikot Shucks... 
@Cubikmusik Mmmmm I want a 99 with strawberry syrup. I'm hungover 
@tophenyx dont rub it in that you get to take a break from the dmv! ;) have a peach martini for me! 
@AmandaWadsley i thought it'd go all gooey and like melted chocolate and yum, but it just burned and bubbled and i was like damn  x
@jmriley Shucks! 
Mmm, just had some tuna mayo sandwiches. i thought it was around 2pm, apparently it's almost 5 
@wit324 I woke up with cheese bits in my hair this morning then remembered that I'd eaten a ton of mac &amp; cheese before bed last night 
I would weigh about 400 lbs on jupiter  fatty fatterson
Wingster changed their honey bbq sauce... Its nasty now 
Looks like i'm gonna think twice to drink soda or cola  http://bit.ly/1aq9Lh
@rachel1975     an evil fairy slip some gluten into your lunch?
whoa almost just blacked out walking up my stairs   laying in bed drinking oj and eating goldfish...low blood sugar = lame and annoying.
i kno im mad late, jus say this vid of spectacular..... that nigga lookn sweeter than a bowl a sugar 
@snickerdoodle85 they get worse hahahaha 
Helping bubba pack. 
The juicy fruit commercial just came on and it made me realize  how much I miss chris browns doublemint commercial...  
SHIT! just finished my cheeseburger, i want another one 
O nice I'm so bored  I feel like making  a youtube video lmao and eating a krispy kream donut
@Miameow09 mia.. i went to the store on monday and i couldn't find the flavor!  i looked and looked i really want to try it!! LOL
eh doin dishes  just made nd ate the awseumest brownies ever!!!!
@writeontime The barfs. She's got the dreaded barfs.  
@jambritmerican omg...u just made me want some coconut juice real bad lol...darn u...and the meat...my trip home is long overdue 
Wow recently iv been eating like a fatty  I need to stop :p
hmmm...doubtful  @ben_mayer FACT: If you play that track backwards, it details a great recipe for peanut brittle.
@felixalim  no lunch at all, even carol had yum cha today!
@brightondoll omg, bb can you pick me up some salt and vinegar chips? 
She didn't share the damn cheesecake 
cameron_ i am super jealousss!!!i want a slice. 
@caramichal thank you my love! i miss you like you can't imagine, i wish we could have a boxed wine/chix parm night together soon  haha &lt;3
@DavidCookLove ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles. 
@havingmysay  dude, that is my favorite sandwich place ever. ummm did you take PICTURES?
@angelica_yo LOL wow dawg doesn't sound like you're playing!  I feel bad now haha
@syafique ooh maggi goreng. yums. i cant eat, sore throat cmin 
@cheri two macaroons go into a bar....one says oh your a nut.  wow I need to get out more. 
@USOuljah Ohh Emmm Geee. Souvlaki from Dimitris...I wanna go homeeee  LOL
http://twitpic.com/665jw The racoons ate our bread! 
@donald_jackson already there's none left  back to cabbage soup
@Dichenlachman oh I love oreos!! U can't get many varieties in the uk 
@caitlandkawaii im a pleb  i had to take it out of the freezer.. and put it in the oven!
@ManaMoose I can't believe you went and got boba without me. 
@iamdiddy it is so sad that me and my roommate fry chicken just about every night @ 330 4. We just finished tonight's batch 
such a failure, i just ate a char siew pao  just when i thought i can skip dinner and go along my non-existent diet
@hollypop04 mmm  Where is it Holly?
aaah good bye mikee  smoked crabs!
figuring out wats wrong with her she can drink but cant eat  ...
thinks lamb chops would be really nice right about now... or maybe some sushi  mmm.. maybe just an ice lolly cos its so damn hot!!! 
@downtowndiane missed the cutoff for the free chocolate  eh well...bikini season is coming.....
I'm in a pub garden,  its boiling,  hannah no likey,  
i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol
fuck i hate when the strawberries run out in my special K 
@zarigee i got mcdonalds, surpisingly its not a popular drunk food option.  its sucks that all diners aren't 24hrs here anymore
so instead of laying out in this 90 degrees i've gotta give 32 fourth graders miso/rice/sushi/mochi in an hour  fml
hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh... 
hates everything about seafood..esp smell! just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh... 
r @njsharkman  that squeeze bacon looks like poop 
I'm still waiting to find out what #caca stands for - hoping it's not what I think it is since you #follow me for #caca. 
So has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet? If they plan on keeping it around, I will not be drinking it! 
I will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill. 
mmm, pizza for dinner. yum. but i burnt my mouth though .. 
I need to memorize julius caesar lines 
Cucumbers. Mmm not so much ugh 
@sweet_pea00 darn  i will think of you on our journey so it's like you are really there
3 shots of espresso aaaaand....nothin'.  
@rosaliiinda practicing piano..ima wash my whip later..its all muggt out 
@juicy2009 &amp; I got too much work to do 
@anotorias lol what bothers me is that i'm messing with my metabolism   drinking lots of water pretending its different food, Mmmm grapes!
unopened pack of goat cheese starin me in the face. starving, din not til 6 
Mmm someone come havelunch with me 
Ouch just burned myself making soup for nico... 
euhm i'm french and i don't really understand English . poo.. 
im watching tv at home wishing i could get a chicken shish delivered but not go enough pennies 
@thecultureofme don't feel too bad i just had a burrito from there and it kinda sucked. 
@helen_bop and that marisa mauro can go use a banana as a dildo. srsly, some people are such arseholes 
i don't know what i'm doing  i feel so empty LOLLL cheesy but true :/
i want some grape soda, jack fowers' fault. also, @TraceCyrus i wish i could see you play  are your uk gigs sold out? please reply!!!!!!!!
damn sunburn hurting  jack whitehall mmmmm
aahhg....i only have 1 orange slice left ! do i eat it now ? or later ? this is quite a pickle im in  *sxyhrlygrl*
dang that burrito and toaster strudle(sp?) was just a tease im still hungry 
@talk2donboy LOL well i'm qlad u enjoyed yur ramen noodles.. i had fried chicken  ..im tired now 
@Emmaloveshearts Gross! haha it was like the tiniest piece ever but i can taste it like i ate the whole onion eww 
Aw one of our fishies died 
Home. Got some nice plugs but no chipotle 
im full. i had a tripple thick chocolate milkshake from mcdonalds now i feel sick 
fml. i stepped on a needle.. ouch.. waaaaa  damn drycleaners
lumiere is not impressed with my cuddling. but then again, who is  http://sml.vg/jL0kI1
Anyone want my chocolate nutella mochi? Its just gonna go to waste 
im hungry, &amp; i dunno what to make..i want popcorn chicken w. mac &amp; cheese 
mmm mmm mmm! tss tsss tss. LOL, having way too much fun being bored.  i miss him 
@Raps_fan i'm out of it  BUT gotta love the hot dogs loll, speakin of which ...somethin is burning LOL
@CNewborn ah! Now you come clean! You'd like @mk2fac3 &amp; @a_washerdryer then, they hate pickles to and have been sharing the pickle hate 
@urbanhoustonian It's events like that that make me wish I weren't such prime skeeter eatin'.  
so sick  but feeln a lil betta my niggamalika just brought me some chicken noodle soup nd it was ghud!!! hahaha
Having a total melt down cuz I can't have tea or dark soda cuz stomach already upset 
I have a feeling weed,skating and sushi afterwards is not gunna be a good mix. I'm gunna need a barf bag. 
@queenie_posiez that makes my homemade pizza look like crap  any tips or secrets for the crust?
Eating dry tira misu biscuits. With a nasty hangover. No more Germans  what is life for again?
btw, love d recipe postings, 'cept this wot happens when i cook http://twitpic.com/68a3d have 2throw d pot away 
i miss my mom's french toast 
My kool-aid tastes funny  I can't even drink it, its gross!
arruinee?? mmm.. you should be proud of me baby.. mmm.. 
@erickimberlin I want to eric!  that would be sweet!  they closed all the krispy kremes in new mexico.  
i didn't eat breakfast...my mom bought spag that tastes ewww. 
ew i hate putting the meat on the skewer things when we're having a bbq. I wonder why i'm not vegetarian yet 
grrr my dad over here smackin on peanut butter&lt;---red nose clown move ...maybe its really botherin me b.c he's a die hard Lakers fan. 
scratching my fcuking annoying mosquito bites....  the four near my left ankle are really itchy!!!! argh! when are they gonna go away?! 
im upset that that lil boy ate my candy bar 
I am so sad my marshmellow just exploded before i could eat it 
Officially is no longer a fan of Mcdonalds. I feel Yucky 
tried kogi taco truck last nite. a korean n mexican fusion. had 2 tofu taco (yum) n tofu burrito (okay). waited 1.5 hrs   i give 3.5 stars
my lips are dry ;; chapstick chapstick lookin for my chapsick  where is it??
@xtinee_ mmm me too! 
@Wordicus i fell off for chicken &amp; fish. i wasnt gettin enough protein &amp; started gaining weight, im tryin to work on it thoi ate only one 
@moregrits well i bought a hard &amp; soft taco kit cuz everyone likes soft but i like hard... i ate like one taco tho, i wasnt even hungry 
*sigh* soupy want's crackers . . 
HAHA! @missclarissaann I know, im such a light weight  @mamccarthy mmmm rum and oj!
@pepsi_plunge craptacular indeed. blegh. 
@Terirose2006 i like it too but what the heck happened to extra crispy? they only have regular and hella spicy now.  (and the new grilled)
@Chynadollxo I was upset about the nuggets  goodnight bu!
And all of a sudden, I am having cravings for pizza!  Damnit.
im soo hungry right now.. eatin this dry ass burger wit no bread ketchup mayo just the meat  sad huh?
@kielij grease the moooovie! i've never seen grease 2 tho 
Mmmm, why am i awake? its only 8.30!  its the heat i think :s
oh my head hurts... I want some good ol' chicken soup 
having fun experimenting with onigiri fillings...and failing at the bread-making thing  hahaha but oh well. need to write ingredients down
http://twitpic.com/68syn - No more food!?  hahaha! 
I'm back. How difficult to eat coco pops 
@xGeorgiaEloisex ohh. your eating them with despite  ? stupid teeth &gt;
wanna eat fish n co! ehehe. omg marcia, dont u realize that youve eaten a loooooot of food 
in my eskimo jumper but sooo cold in here... i miss you summer 
Still working  someones gotta make that bread.
Brrrrrr! It's too cold  and we haven't even hit winter yet
mmm - am sitting in kitchen working (&amp; twittering to take my mind off it) sun shining - should be out 
in need of a twitpic-capable telefono  an asian girl's gotta take pics of her food n drink, yaaa'meean??
@muppmupp  ... did you contact coeliac assoc... bet they can help with recipes/shops that sell what you need, s'markets getting better tho
@blessedlamb  Don't drink all the apple drink witout me wile I'm not der  mani luvz u my hj partner muah muah we always here 4ya
Munching on pretzels and diet coke..oh the nightshift 
Making traditional stop in st. joseph mcdonalds en route to chicago. no brownie  melts?!? 
I want ayam pop so bad! 
sorry about the knee matt. maybe the long baths and cashews would help it heal quicker     
is a lil salty right now 
so tired mmmmmm still hot 
decided not to eat the faux chicken sal.  sadzies.  
@misscheryn omg sounds so yum... i want nandos fries atm...  but theres no nandos anywhere near by.
Mmm writing about the barrier reef  makes me think about snorkelling in the red sea ahh &lt;3 I miss egyptttt  someone take me on holidayy
hmm mcfly, cuppa tea, ginger nuts. yum (L) i miss the days  why is it whenever i have gingernuts &amp; tea it reminds me of harry! &lt;3
We didn't get to watch  instead we ate at a chinese restaurant hehe
is having a stomachache... damn pineapples! grrrrrr  http://plurk.com/p/x7pgl
as much as i wanna eat this ham sandwhich, i cant because i think its bad 
just had a filling steamboat dinnerl! cant get the taste of mussels out of my mouth! craving for something sweet!  - http://tweet.sg
In asda now  dying to get back and finish off last night's pizza. Mmmm meaty.
@SarahMillican75 oh no I completely forgot to get cake whilst caught up in my chorizo &amp; knicker buying frenzy  enjoy lovely x
@zhalfim oh yum...i wanna taste food like that 
... bit of a squeeze.. haha. it's cos i'm taller/actually have some boobs now.. i'm not fat for eating nutella i swear 
@justkappa nuthin- makin dinner- wish i cud share a plate wit ya 
@zombietown My palate is still bitter, undermining my usual enjoyment of the ol' nourishment. It's starting to really quite upset me 
mmmm i smell like coconut, my fave smell ever! its sunny and i'm at home, bored  my cats being adorable though 
danny and i wanted sushi, but nothing was open 
Reading a screenplay.... Mmmm, not so good 
heading to bed. really disappointed  stupid fucking chelsea and lampard the dick cheese eater.
Mmm.. I'm really hungry, but lack the means of which to get food 
did some sewing... now, what to have for lunch? and my toes are cold... code wittle toesies. 
and this is totin, her kitty, the sweetest ever, seriously. all she wants is food and lovin'. she has to go too  http://twitpic.com/69h2h
yum quiche (Y) i really wish i could relive yesterday again + again , but only if @promisepromise could be there too, missed you bbe 
@ianmt now that would be funny lol but i'm abit of a lobster 
@alexalimtong yup, told patty nah. i owe her lunch 
I want bbq 
guess recipes are made so you follow them huh.  if i could read then a souffle would turn out.    still baking but it won't be right
@alexanderstone @stimple i want a smoothie.  i'll settle 4 the freddy's location i guess. 
jst got out the shower , gna make a cup of coffee for moms . she works today 
@Jantunstill was in such a hurry this morning  i forgot to start spag bol in slo-cooker 
Pancakes sound yummy. Actually any nom sounds good 
Fuuuuuuuuuck criss de billets de marde pour blink......!!! 
@NatCall Mmmm, they're fit. But you get like 5 in a bag. 
oops, i forgot about my noodles in the microwave... so now they're all soggy and gross 
yum cow tales, ate them all 
@catty_ I too am on the pear cider, but no clubbin', just babysitting 
@writerchaz they closed sweet jenny's.  aroma is across the street! lol.
@hitam_manis how comes u didn't buy?  x
is in the costco freezer... so cold 
@steph_steph Horrendously. I feel like my lungs are coming out.  i need some tea and nyquil but have neither.
I wanna make snickerdoodles but I have no butter 
just ate panera bread . kinda thirsty now still bored . 
I think im a fatty in a skinny person's body. I see a krispy kreme &amp; cant help myself, i have to go in 
got sme milk lol! wot shall i do for my art? me myslef and i= im boring lol 
Supposed to be eating pho with my parents but cause I'm a vegan, I gotta nibble on this.  http://twitpic.com/6a761
Ugh, ppl keep tweeting about sushi.. now I want some 
@joek949 nope..there's not wine  but there's nutella ! though im not really in a nutella mood right now! lol too sleepy haha
my sweet babbby needs to do his homework  so boring &gt; O
I do, but I need a wee again 
i know ! yess  me and britt ran back in at like eleven and i got popcorn and gum all over my shirt from looking ! it was discusting.  haha
@SavannaBananna worse...ahaha whiskey again 
@jedimasterlucy Mrs fields' cookies are amazing. Mmmmmmm I want one now 
hmm, should i have a pot noodle now..? im not starving, and i dont like to eat while watching games..... but i kinda want it, what to do 
@DJShameless1906 LOL ok all judgement aside..tomato juice is gross  yuck!!! i know its good 4u so i drink it sumtimes but i never enjoy it
Here at the agua caliente once again and im like the only one pumped to go out and do something 
@stellery they wanted eight bucks for one at this faire! 
going to target just for a personal pan pizza from pizza hut...i miss the drive thru in minnie 
@laurensimmons ...boom pow!!) haha. She always does. GAYY  haha!! Iflu :]
@lovelyritaz billie joe armstrong  it's more like an obsession, it's insane.
Mmm...i just woke up from a very nice nap. Unfortunatly my head still hurts 
i cant stop eatin these little japanese cracker things  mahhhhhh
Mmm that was good...going home to play some cards wit the fam then sleep flea market in the morn then back 2 Mass 
WTF?! no pounds lost since I stopped the lemon diet!!!!  sux....
Where the heck is my mani pedi partner??? 
lmao settled for the 24oz ! 4 shots of tequila. lmao my count is 5 so far 
kk just finished eating cake.. it was soo good, now doing my essay for politics 
brrrr it's cold &amp; it's just started to snow 
Wanting to mix pixie stix and mountain dew..but I don't have any... 
@MissSomething AH-greed...5 tums and I'm still laid out 
cant be stuffed making pancakes tho 
must still be drunk cos now i'm craving saveloy and chips. or a greasy kebab. grrr, no chippy in chicago 
@marshmallow_s Loool la bs knt mt'9ayeeq min salfat my broken hard disks 
just got home from bday shopping! .. i'm eating fruit salad, watching antm, talking to the wifey &lt;3 .. and i miss you marlaaa!! 
@hoaxone true... But its a pretty cool spot (no jamaican beef patties unfortunately 
I have this headachee.... mmmm 
@vegan_freak jack died. I need a new fishy. 
mmm...kale. i've missed good greens. in sad news i've found my french press to be cracked 
Mmmmm....I'm definitely looking forward to my first coffee all weekend. Silly music camp didnt have coffee for me... 
@StreetEtiquette i can, i get hella iced tea selections to choose from but i just really want the apples I can only find in in cali &amp; nyc 
@jojoking85 bby cakes lol its @ginachristine14  not @gimchristine14 lol she's gunna be mad 
Nuthiiing  diid u goo to lexs bday
What if we: @SMMpharmd what!?  otter pops are like...frozen popsicles (sp?) if you know what ice ti.. http://tinyurl.com/m75urp
i miss my lovebug!!  chillin' on gi's laptop. drank lots of sangria and i'm pretty tipsss. going to dance in five, need to catch my breath
finished watching movie w/ michelle! forgot to put strawberryrhubarb pie fixin in oven. 
@missaface...anytime. cookin crabs now.lol @li_a..  enjoy the sweets missed ya at wk
Drunk missing my friends...and the hunger street like my old friend jesus would say! Pepitooooos de pollo con salsa de ajo 
@chrasy yes, ridiculous  I didn't go for the dimsum buffet, but we went for a la carte. and it was effing slow 
show tonight was tight... i'm really jealous i wasn't invited to eat blueberries and cheerios with tanner and garrett though  hahaha
WARNING: do not eat almonds, while angry, they make you really frustrated and horny. its not fun 
i just discovered i'm a loosey  speller 
http://twitpic.com/6bn7d - the tart is finally finished! even though it's kinda ugly 
igby &amp; oliver were great buns tonite @ the clinic. the most emaciated dog ive ever seen came in. i had to walk away so i didnt cry  
what i ate today- hot choc (45cals) &amp; i b/p 100g hot chips (120cals), i dont think i got all the chips up tho  day total- 165cals, not bad
twitter is so hard to figure out  I just eat left over pizza mmmmmm
can't believe my fridge was off the whole weekend i was away. bye bye cafe grande icecream 
@eheggart sigh. I thought I was having chicken, but it's nachos. 
ew ew  ew i hav sauce on my jacket 
@irrationallogic Who ba is hogging all the cream? LOL. I think most people's dishes are cream-based. 
Totally went tanning for too long yesturday. I'm a red lobster!!!  it burns!!!!
@lozzaybaybay YESSSSSSSSSSSS but i had to switch off at the part wen julie chose the leg of lamb  yum cupcakes. wat happened?? x
@GabriellaOlsson hey honey, so what do you regret not doin? i kinda missed out 
Ive gt ate toasted n fried fish, squid n crab there, n drunk a coconut, ive gt stomach aftr drunk a coconut 
mmmmm...hesitate 
@dingbatrk ooh tawny astaw3eb math prep 
@crumpet  Silly dog.
@j4zzie do you want froot floops because if you do come down right now to come to think of it im bored 
can you get dizzy aout eating too much oyster?  last nite in baliii .......
@Ilkee lol well its raining cows and pigs here so i wasnt able to buy a cupcake for his bday  food was well kinda nice today xD
mmmmm I don't know what to do 
fed my duckies, now sneaking off to work..ugh  since when was florida this hot?
all i want is a pb n j sandwich and we aint got no pb 
Feenin for a little debbie nutty bar.... We always want what we can't have 
pepsi annd oreos...this is no a good breakfast!   
Mmm home! and Kix for breakfast! and listening to crazy Zelda remixes. :-D unfortunately i gotta go to work soon. 
@FlyAArmy oh yeah, I plan my peanut butter and mayo sandwich to chips ratio all the time, and am bummed when it's wrong.  
the taste of maplewood was a joke 
was gonna have corn with the bbq today, but it went off in the heat! nooo! barbecued corn is the best like you have no idea. 
@jessie03dz lol I'm like wandering around trying to decide! I'm outside pot bellys right now but I want eggs and butts serves til 11 
it's just not the same with poopie not here 
@greekfood I gotta go check my feta in the frig, it may be faux! 
@mikey689 mmm  .... But i'm sure that your trip will be as you deserve
the barbeque rocked ! her mams chocolate sundaes are the bomb ! i mean omg it was like heaven on a spoon. last day of hols tomorrow  lu xx
@lil_tearz @katrina_v i &lt;3 rice and eggs &amp; soy sauce!!! i miss longanisas too! i havent ate that since i moved back here  
i had pancakes for breakfast...wow that was a while ago...i miss him so much...  i get to see him and his haircut 2maro 
That caramel frappachino was goood. Nothing on the tv as usual 
@juicy2627 because we're moving away in july 
missing my honey bun  alot!
Just had plain pasta.... ick! It's so boring 
yo im soooo hungry my arms are shaking  need food NOW! whoever said cereal is a full breakfast is a dam lie. not a liar, they ARE a lie!!!
@kayla_is_cake *casts healing spell* 
Dying for a macaroon from pistacia vera but will be strong, not exactly a diet food huh? 
 cramps. FUCK YOU. ugh asdfghjkl; in so much pain right now. I should go eat a banana. http://tumblr.com/xzr1wz7ez
@kaylyncole meh. It's so overpriced... and my pita really wasn't worth it.  
I just ate the grossest bagel ever  going to listen to a whole bunch of cds i made that are old to see what's on them. should be fun.
@jonodown did that chick go on the bbq too? ohhhh 
@mscrissy u're fool  mmm if u were not so nice I could angry 
Apparently in new jersey hot cheetos don't exist  what kinda world is this!
oh come on, im hungry when are we gonna eat?!  seriously, if i dont get any food soon i wont have anything to live for haha.
@rydinalex ..yea after 3wks of no meat, eatin just a lil' made my tummie hurt!  it was like detox! so i decided to stick to no meat. LOL!
@fyrret I was going to say, eating 5 tons of coral, they must be sh*tting bricks. Seems it's sand though 
The shop smells like poo 
@dayumshefiine Mmmmm. I'm doing my retarded math 
@darker_artic mmm it hurts 
mmmm.....so bored and sad still about not going. mmm.....sad 
@carlaashmarlaa I'm goin to red chili!! Daaang it.. I ddnt see yer tweeet!! 
Just burnt my entire bottom lip eating pizza. ouch. i think its swelling. 
i want a bbq 
@ahmednaguib thnx, i guess it is yesterdays trip  i didn't like that mayonnaise
@paula721 @scollard62 What bugs, paula? I have these darn caterpillars in my crab apple tree-ew too big 4 me2 deal with.ew ew ew! 
@judsen lol I got over, left over pizza ftw. Lol uh I don't know. They said they doing pilimarly(sp) interviews. Theyl call me 
chili powder, mustard, pickles, ... etc hahaha so trippy. ps, on my 3rd temp phone... i miss my bberry 
is watching shrooms, surely i shouldnt be this scared 
@claireyjonesy aww. i never tan, its poo 
Awww crap.. i forgot my reese's peanut butter cups and snickers in my car..  they melted 
Oh no, stomachache!  I have LOTS of studying to do and I just want to sleep!!
I kinda think you have no life  hahaha. But I'm helping mikay film her english project. Mmm apple jacks ;)
@mmm_gash even though I had shit seats. 
@er_bear but you said you were leaving the popsicle stand. 
i dont know how to use this......... mmm 
is still holding his mcdonalds weight and doesn't like it 
makin tacos!! too much meat wish i had someone to cook for 
ate some pizza rolls.omg the scan is finished and said that there were two trojons and one of them cant be qurantined  im going to cry.ugh
hm. my last 3 tweets didn't post  watched UP (not in 3D as i was late for that showing), photographed some yummy plates, got a manicure.
@jay_so_wavy Awww I love those... the sweet corn tamale cakes r better tho my #weakness 
these fuckers want more! i just made 4 more burgers and a grilled cheese. hippies 
@jimmy_3491 i didn't realise it was that bad. have you tried aloe vera and stuff?  i'm sorry.
Mmmm. Kabobs by the pool. And a cool new pool toy- the aqua sling. Just a gorgeous relaxing evening. No Tudors though. 
chili needed more kapow. it's ok but not great. 
i cant seem to stay up late lately. im going to bed. Arh, theres still cracker crumbs in hereee.  loll.
I just put a serious scratch on my sidekick....im so sorry kicky 
at fred meyers.. wishing I would have made a grocery list 
I really wanna eat some cookie dough. But I don't have any 
Wish I had some taco bell  fuck del taco in da face
@exohbellaaaaa he is nuts my padre. I am so tired of studying vocab   I am so stressed. I can't take it anymore
i need some hot sauce 4 this spagetti..who n ypsi? @robthesigma @djmobeatz @kikilp @ANYONE? im desperate 
Bout to go eat all you can eat sushi by @Phoboy86's house. Hopefully I eat enough to make me really sleepy cuz I have to wake up at 3:30 
@julianax02 i want you. to come. to pittsburgh. wiff me. 
Just discovered my beloved lil debbie zebra cakes have 260 calories...EACH.  shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.
@crunchygoddess I could turn off while lathering, but shaving, mmmm. Without adequate H2O I get razor rash pretty quick. 
@honey_bucket awwwww 
@ijustine down 3-1 and fleury is playing like poo 
i kind of want my dad to get of my casse rigt now   he wont let me shave to a goatee because then i wouldnt be a true jew :/
me wants a NOMNOM  iz gungry!  ima eat a cookie c:
I just realized that. And I'm 22... what the fuck... waitaminute... I felt old just reading that. bring the applesauce and geritol. 
@lelak more like ewww eww eww. It just mushes the pill so much that you can taste pill + tea aftertaste for the next hour or so 
@___Felicity LOL hangovers are bad for eating shite 
Right tweeps i'm off to work at the shopping centre in the glorious sunshine  feeling jealous of @bellarina1983 ! Laters taters
@ultima_tum oh I want dunkin donuts tooooo 
I have a queasy tum  - but anyway, have to draw a giant that's then going to be made into a real giant for some festival!
just burned my tounge on the pie 
skinny latte sux when youre used to proper latte - even if it comes from teh Albion cafe  :@
babysitting wasn't too bad tonight, still exhausted tho  mmm puff crust pizzaaaaaaa
Just burnt my tongue on mi cuppa 
Mmmmm strawberry jam on toast, best breakfast/lunch ever with my darling! Also SO annoyed with the poor grammar on facebook 
@hiharley hahaha you'll have too much fun... making us miss our shit soy coffee 
joe dolans not dead he's singing in my kitchen..damn you joe for waking me up! 
@DiscoPiglet my house suffers ant problems too  hate it!!!! re giner beer agree!!! I have some in the kitch yum
@pim2005 ohhhhhh  spoil sport hehe. it wouls be ming, there'd be all brown lettuce juice in the envelope ewwwwwwwwww
downloads some new mixes from different french djs . too much sun, i'll look like a lobster on this evening  .
@Chocbar sounds yum. too bad the only thing i have on that list is honey. 
sweat suit not such a good idea in this heat!! fucked!! thats what you get for eating the last krispy kreme 
sweet sweet sound - sarah reeves . 
just got home from my first class.. quickly becoming a sommelier. and now im eating some mcdonalds- wish i had some honey mustard 
@alsotop I wish! I have no bananas though  C'est la vie
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG i neeed for pineapple juice  ima cry
bought three types of cupcakes today from fleur-de-lys. i dont like the packaging tho! ruining the beautiful cupcakes  distorted i tell u!
My betta just went to the big fish bowl in the sky. 
@minekim thanx looks yummy, now i have a sweet tooth and i already went shopping  i'll hunt down my house for chocolate. must find foodz
@ailujulia yea i watched it! it was awesome! new moon trailer was soo good! and i felt really bad when k.stew dropped the popcorn 
@holeymacaroney Super green sya parang.. uh Okra? Basta, kawawa.  Try mo isearch sa youtube. Hmmm.. &quot;green baby thailand&quot; Haha im not sur
@PandaDementia lol silly girl, I would've if I'd known ;) I do feel badly for you though  But I know the cobbler will be amazing! Mmmm..
Mmm cosmopolitan time- our strawberry daiquiris weren't as nice as usual 
@EskimoJoelted mmmmm i cant do that 
has food poisoning &amp; is advised not to eat! ..&amp; ya'll know how much i adore food 
@p0ng0 http://twitpic.com/6ei03 - oh mannn i love that jam!! you got me hooked!! that looks delicious. i'm here eating pop tarts 
my stupid bites hurt soo much 
chicken wings are cookingggggggg then some tv and more promoting  got to make that moneyyyyyy
@mliis aaahhh a spider just run up to me!  Get the gun!! pow pow
I drank too much last nite  I love these old timey prices for beer and chiken sandwiches!!!!!!
@michelleclaudia its flippin boiling omj i really want it to go back to winter so i can cosy up with my blanket  and hot choclate ..
just had chicken and chips for tea! yummy! so gonna look like a beach whale on hols tho  bad times
@Ase_ Mmm...I'll be hosting an event that day 
was jst eatin a cold watermelon in da hot weather! was lovely except da juices gt everywhere. 
me hungry ....shops not open no bueno 
@cdnstar lols  I love them but don't allow myself to have them because of that. I wish candy just had plain ol' sugar in it again.. 
long john silvers for lunch, haven't been in years. assuming I will regret that in approximately 1 hour, but num num! no fried batter tho 
@hot_burrito you thought your spiders were bad, i just found a fatass SCORPION by my fireplace, i am spooked to say the least! aaaaah!!! 
@analovesme yum mcdonalds  cant give in 2 temptation
im hungry, i want chicken and rice, now! when im hungry i bite my nails, bad habit 
@thelongmile lucky git :p i gt chilli 
@TheRealJordin mmm love chicken an dumplins. make me miss my nana 
@tiffy303 WTH ina I hate ur life.....I want wetzel pretzel ahhhh  mmmmm a wetzel dog &amp; wetzel bitz &amp; a sour cream &amp; onion pretzel damn it
i need a pepsi now!!!! 
@Matthetwat ohhh wasabi . . i'm not in the little league no then 
oh its started but i've only had a sandwich 
@cyb3r_0ptik what's the matter, my yummy cuntsicle? 
@frak tough eggs 
p.s. I nvr thought I'd say this but the dunkin donuts caramel latte is sooo much better than starbucks. 
@Wordnerd36214 Hahaahaha noo. just pizza xD lol I know they weren't there  xD
  everythings wrong.
@coreyann what's your recipe?!  I've been looking for a good one b/c andy loves ribs but none have turned out that great. 
@brian_jenkins meat and veggies 
@LiZz_KaUlItZ still u shoulda just me do it at least with u hun  so sad yet pissed off like a canadian goose that ate a sour pickle
suddenly craving chik-fil-a and their special house sauce... thanks a lot  @geoffreykutnick
I would love bbq right right RIGHT now 
cameron_ i am super jealousss!!!i want a slice. 
@DJRighteous that sucks. That's my lunch money. If I lost it my gf would beat me. Just like my momma used to......with a frying pan 
god damn ham, i cant get my twitterberry to work now 
juryduty= no bueno!     BUT i'm excited for a particular package to arrive!!!
About to eat bbq not hooters 
Oh damn it....need another wee  this is getting ridiculous!!!
so sickkk  and mr noodles doesn't do shiat. 
Mmmm a star wars game without darth vader,  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_e3
don't eat arby's at oracle and wetmore. just found short and curlies in my curly fries.....  
is still not ready 4 moderation 2moro, and i'm pretty screwed right now... i like my job tooooo much to loose it. shit i'm panicing 
Guys, I feel so lame with this bag of Funyuns in my bag and no one's picking up their phones 
@xoxallixox its very yummy! but now i have stomachache! 
I think I cut my tongue,it hurts but this candy is so good,damn you good disneyland candies 
Mmm just had a delicious dinner but all out of green tea 
@ericMillegan I would love to ask for a autograph,you play my fav char, but I would hate to make you any busier 
@sanlwi he's dead.    i scooped him out with a spoon and put him in a tupperware until justin gets home.
@cai_mommy what are they declaring?? 
@onefiftysevenpm goddamnit, why can't my rotten apple hoodie be thin? it's too hot to wear it     
Its sooo hot in sac 
oh sorry 36C i was cleaning the kitchen... now im a my mother n laws house bout to eat dinner!  &amp; i forgot to make ur guac and pico. 
@DrDanN mmmmm what u make? I'm hungry 
@dudeitsarii what happened?  btw i saw your sushi pic and i'm envious
I only have like 4 oreos left 
Mmmm  I liked the movie, gotta watch it on a better day
owie! muffin pan burned me! 
is hungry. wala pa plang food. huhu!  http://plurk.com/p/xqhgs
eating chips and dip on my lunch break.wish i had a bomb ass johhny pastrami hot dog shit  lol
o-k, I realllyyy want the vegan general tso chick frm wholefoods but 2 lazy 
Too early to be awake!  Mmm what should I do today?
cameron_ i am super jealousss!!!i want a slice. 
@riskybizness23 This cs episode is about fitness and im sitting here eating ribs, corn, garlic bread, fries, and drinkin mountain dew wtf 
You the only person who tweets me. Mmmm  sad face!@mysta513
@krisssst3n i do toos but i has to go 
@raisingurl  we can go out and get you food ya?
and it starts...poor chuck. he looks so confused  #chuckmemondays
still waiting on my french toast 
@SandraBaptist I am...found out my hubby opened the cookies (thats cool)...but he didn't eat my food 
@mcadamr agreed. gag me with a spoon! blah. 
is downstairs at the bar table; gonna start on socials geo poster project =.=zZZ i feel so sleepy.... couldn't even finish a bowl of rice 
Just made all these corn dawgs but now I'm not hungry 
eating like a bird...so hungry im tired of chewy bars and cheez-its 
@excite108 you better eat fruit tomorrow!  oh, no.  i hope you aren't homeless.  
@kissability yeah, my sweet coffee is gone.  it's not the michael jackson style 'jesus juice' that is really wine in a can. keke
http://twitpic.com/6g1jd - benjamin crinkles,luna sparkles, scarlett johannson  i miss my cats
At the diner with the chums...no french toast 
i can't believe my nicky turkey is all grown up and graduated   
@SpaNkiEs25 me also but today i eat yeat  uyah $3 jek heheh...... eb eat ock la.. later dinner wif yum2 pat hbfnt foodstall
@KelSpencer mix a little cayenne pepper wit some lemon juice and snort it from a straw,ok i quit........feel better Kelkins 
@pinkcutie91 yeah...i only ate two small pieces though....it was more than enough...only i didn't have any walnuts. 
@MissKiaNYC i vaguely remember making fries last yr and succeeding. I thought i could duplicate the success. but i was wrong 
i feel like throwing up the aloe vera and asian chips now 
@allenbenjamin I knoww  I totally snacked on dens' leftover fries though lol. and omg you were at amc for the blackout? we were there too!
@hubbit oh noes  guess twitter needs some of my grandma's chicken soup! stat!
@DJMLK mmm mmm not true... 
@honey_honeybun hahaha no!!!! gosh that was funny! no i spilt a hundred matchsticks on the floor 
says Today's curry puffs got egg inside..... I am saddeddddd  http://plurk.com/p/xt2q9
@Musojourno mmmm, I love it - pity it's so expensive or I'd ask you to bring me some back! 
@andrevr heh that I did...although I'm in a caffeine haze right now 
@hannahvictorius chick peas &lt; coco pops mystery choc. Except I don't have mystery choc right now, and I'm not allowed them on my fast 
@kittykata scooby doo seeing as there's no calypso on offer 
Thinks blueberry smoothie tastes of ass 
@kimosorio1 yes, and spicy fish 
@emmao414 me too! i've had a coffee but the rumblin hasn't stopped  ohh i forgot - i have some ryvita in my drawer!
@cheekywipes I think there are a gazillion calories in each one! Which is why I am only baking them and not eating them 
all ready 2 go wiv nowhere 2 go  hopefully get moved later this afternoon i hope...cheese chocolate and sausage good on a roll?
@vintagepolka but he doesnt eat icecream  @KylieAAM red?lol! yeahh good ideaaaa.hoho.tonite discuss? @JustineAAM lol.why d sudden lifting?
I miss eating my fave choc waffles. Now my throat cant even accept it.  - http://tweet.sg
grrr. must wash dishes 
somebody just toasted up a hot cross bun - smells yum. AND I missed breakfast today 
@porky01 yep . 
My cookie is injured  cries! - http://tweet.sg
@miszsarahz how's ur pork chop babe? i want also 
@The1BigTuna mmm that looks yummy, hungry now, all i have is cereal 
@dizzyfeet no tabitha and napoleon 
@kimmieisamazing @nikster07 I said daquiri mmmm. Only problem is mangos are not in season 
O__O mcdonalds...doesnt have orange juice in a cup anymore...only bottled oj...whaaattt i *loved* their oj!! 
im back no jewellery mag for me  but i did get a prawn baguette 
@jel1715 i know, i already have one of those.  i just got another one from twitterbackgrounds.com, but it's not working 
eating my lettuce now. diet mayo fuck 
flipping dripping mad - bought lemongrass &amp; ginger cordial this am in glass bottle..just dropped it on the floor .  ofcourse it smashed 
Mmm summer mornings...reminds me of football 2adays.. 
fail whale, I want to eat that poptart. but i'm still full from dinner.  barwww. and yes, the poptart was also from @kaliie  &lt;3
@nappy_steph I'm sorry to hear that, sweet pea. 
I'm changing my eating habits with the plan from @brookeburke.  Not too bad, but have headache from no caffiene 
@belladonna20 posting pics of u at leisure is just rubbung it in  enjoy ;)
@sas73: how sad  Carbs are so underrated... and DELICIOUS!
@noah_white $11.8/gallon 
@LadyE2010 I'm not a big fan of cream cheese....and now it's almost 10 already so I think I'm gonna just skip breakfast today 
I jumped the gun and ate my yogurt too soon, now I'm starving like a vick pit 
hmmm... my sweet potato fries look ugly  but strangely are tasty. maybe it's the cinnamon.
i've one vay burnt shoulder and the only suncream i have goes all ick. 
martha stewart's boston creme pie cupcakes look exquisite....and thy're making my mouth water 
@mlourdesr5. Mmmm I miss coffee bean 
@Fearnecotton Mmm, bad time to run out of sun tan lotion 
i  want to drink starbucks or eat i ce cream 
crap! i droped my fork on my moms bed, and there was like a looot of curry on it  now my moms bed is full of curry.she aint gonna likey.
@vbfischer Mmmmm. IMaybe some day I'll try it out and then buy a copy. In the meantime, I'll just have to dream. 
still not had my tea, im pretty hungry   trying to wait patiently as dad cooks it.
- Mmmm any one out tomorrow?? wants to do something but has no money 
@glub_glub buuuh!! @wheresmykindney doesn't exist anymore 
my food got cold.  ewww! and this freak won't stop texting me...
the damn gas station was closed. no homemade oreos for me tonight   now i have to find something to bake that only needs 1 stick of butter
@itiswhatitisent mmm most likely not. they would need to go to events and shows out here..sorry 
@techquo *cries* that flapjack made me sad, it was so good all other desserts seem crap 
uhm...  thai food doesn't have same magic w/o the spicy 
@MrsNatalie There is none  -she wz laughing abt my happiness over free donuts &amp; I said the only thng better is free ice cream or money
I want a poutine and cheetos 
Mmm this suckssss 
http://twitpic.com/6ie2k I was goin 2 dunkin donuts n thought this was jasmine! 
haww i cant even swallow my jamba juice that my hubby got for me to feel bettter...so sore right now not funny 
@kahani @paris_b i want my lunch too 
@TalkingWithTami looks good. Wish i could attend. Shucks 
@thornandes 18-21 june. Mmm.. 
I really feel like drinking hot choco. brrrrr. shiver. 
@earthsongs wow sounds so yummy. I still eat cai peng everyday. 
@jy6 aww man... i want shake shake fries right now haha haven't tried them  and the new mcnugget sauces! mm... gotta try this summer in hk
Mmmmm so good!! But whole wheat bread is not the same 
is craving for loadsa' cheese cakes  http://plurk.com/p/y1eyr
pepsi gives me headaches 
My curry mash experiment turned out okay, even with the near-disaster that happened, though not sure if I can get it to croqette form now 
phew my dad made me some instead. But I kept trying to eat the caramel source and then I kept burning my tongue  poo
@barbie_banga I thought you were at chapparal.  I just got here
@brie_breivik  - if it wasn't connected to you, i'd think of ways to torture it, but that might not work so well in yr favour right now!
I miss my french toast buddy 
@meglizzy awww poop  those were great. spencer and the cheese aisle XD
@alaero Their 'mild' sauce is beyond mild - its crazy to even call it mild 
Playing scattergories with the gang!! We can do it! Yes we can!!! @ashestree @brendadayes I miss my mac&amp;cheese  @sabriebrie
I farted and it woke me up and it smelled like got sauce but more like poop 
Beer n pot makes me get jack in tha box   ima have 2 purge or take sum laxatives cus nachos at midnite cant be good 4 u
@andyclemmensen @shaundiviney have you had a tower burger from kfc on george st..amazing! I couldn't eat it all though 
@teensy_tiny im already binging,on some crisp's  i have'nt eaten them all only half i could stop,but i have no control right about now
@nitsujiy isn't it? i had a cobb salad...and i shared it with my brother...AND im sick 
www.Farttr.com FartWatch: I farted and it woke me up and it smelled like got sauce but more like poop  http://cli.gs/Ahha6s
Mmm..Buttertoast  I wanna see @ElectroAnna @EDANIELLE @ravegabe @liamadrid tomorrow  GAAAH!
my doggie ate her own shit! 
@vinod_ @sharanya ... now we buy jamuns  ..I hv a pic with my tongue purples ..i think last yrs archives of panchgani!
@LizMcClarnon Mmmm, coco-pops!  How was last night, doll? Really sorry I couldn't go. Serves me right, as I'm ill now too! 
In the yard  woooooo just had a lolly yum yum
is watching masterchef - pitty they're making yuk fish/seafood stuffs 
@siz_star french is poop (: i want a bagel 
wheres the toaster!!! 
@siz_star sounds weird  im not too sure now, i want a crispy somethings 
@Alaerys  *noms pineapple jam sammich*
@ApatheticZodiac lol. @emeraldkreshe is making me want a freakin salad now. im not very happy with this cereal anymore 
@ladymaryann where is my *shakes* this morning ?  hehehehe *cup cup*
I miss my hunny* 
mmmm i really fancy a caramel machiata rite now from starbucks... shame im at skwl 
They took away my dunkin doughnuts so I had to settle for white hen....not the same 
g0nna wash our dishes. 
@gobi_one I'm sorry about the boot  At least it comes off though.
@jameswilliams oh, I don't eat seafood, so the risotto dropped a notch in my book  pink is my fav colour, what's yours?
on break eatin kiwi and cookies.want to kill my co worker! hes so slow 
All i wanted was an egg mcmuffin but i can't find a stupid mickey d's in the atl airport. 
@pete_gilbert Ah, obviously my sausage-buying timing has just been poor. Dinkie definitely looked empty though 
had a wonderful japanese meal! yum yum... tonight, have to write thesis  but i wanna watch my blueberrys night... booo! xxx
@EdwinaGraceKent babe! I hope everythings okay  . x
having a cig and a diet coke before i'm off to the grindstone 
has got a bruised maximus postirous 
is at plza snayan ooh its so hot rght now  sttng outside vctoria cafe..
just hopped into bed. mmm i'm cold and lonely 
since you've gone away, everythings don't seem like they used to be between you &amp; me, cause i'm missing you 
@mcdonalds being a fatty. 
That french restaurant is good! But my french boy waiter wasnt working today 
@ebassman damn y'all love some waffle house.  damn now i want waffles too 
@marialiengirl6 lol yeah I did, I got this carmel swirl coffe, I took some medicine n the coffee tasted like shit... 
@zalyazid haha awesome substitute! i tekad tak mkn nasi for a month!  i will miss nasi
@billbathgate yer i could never be a vegetarian  wahh!!lol  yay i cant wait for my break! yay yummy squilly kisses ;)! xoxo (k)(k)!!!
@DontBeASkeptik  sry brotha!! no can do me dnt share food
@whatshisface mmm that's why I love you. I don't know any smoothie place around here though 
@parkerspace yeah we do what we can!  *chomp* *chomp* mmmm bacon!
@nessa665 no more mcdonalds allowed 
sooooo im back from jamaica..  no more free margaritas on the beach. no more loud irate jamaican guys screamin in my ear.
@deftonesfreek  out my fam is nuts
@platypustammy timmy is a fatty  he didnt even share
i wish i had a garden for a bbq. 
fuck. I look like a pepperoni pizza.  shelby 
@kibbe unfortunately most of those bars have the digital (crappy) photobooths 
ew...this pizza I am eating is nastyyy.  eff lunch!
@ambroseray chipotle sounds good. Dnw sundae calories  ugh I just know I will be annoyed by w/e she says
aw crap, i accidently got a steak and mushroom panini instead of turkey club  oh well, i'm sure i'll still be good
@fossiloflife Totally! I hate this!!!  I miss my sweet wifi...Ugghh..now I know how you guys manage!
@addgravity I don't have jam.  good suggestion though. I might have scramble egg and oh, salad! sorry if I'm making you hungry. lol.
@nicola171281 me too. yeah its very strange watching and knowing that they are no longer together. very sad! 
still at work, and just O.D'd on sour gummy worms and Rolos 
Oh...btw, the creme brulle was just so, so. I used a mix instead of making it from scratch - big mistake... 
You know.. I haven't been to a pani puri stall since ages..  
@sara3isenough still no cupcakes 
i want a doughnut from krispy creme  there's none near me. but like 34895743986 dunkin doughnuts
ugh thank god for brittany. she took me out for lunch and bought me a vernors. hopefully I won't feel nauseas anymore 
this food is takin ages  ! butties are no jasmines thats for sure !!!
ick... I hate it when the pasta in my easy mac comes out a little hard still in some places 
#randomness WTF happened 2 all the krispy kreme's in philly.. they're all gone 
they are out of sage and dill at the market?!?!?! sooo sad!!! 
@jenmussari aww, i'm sorry to hear of your cheesey misfortunes. 
@cookie_fan     (((ej)))  here's a cookie for ya ;-)
Oops.. I accidentally ate one of the cinnamon jelly beans.. I was avoiding those - to eat later 
@Gavernty gavin bean r u following me ?? U betta be I'm following you 
Mmm lunch on the beach, it's cloudy today  whoever is doing that rain dance... Knock it the fuck off!!! 
I burnt my tounge and tounge ring on hot soup. Ouchie! 
@ginny9577   hehe...... I need food... but I don't feel hungry  
i would reeeeeeally appreciate sum chipotle rite now but unfortunately me voice isn't up 2par to tell them wat i want on my burritto 
@Suchashambles you're friggin killing me... i want boba.. 
@JainVegans the headline is misleading. Pls state that silver foil used is non-veg not paan. 
@iS0L0 ight my bad, I'll take a slice 
it's national donut day in america. you can get free donuts at krispy kreme. i wish i lived in america so i could get my free donut 
mmm I really want to go home 
its cloudy...i likey!! my salad sucked btw... 
Oh goshh ! the poor glub died  i miss u 
@tommcfly kit katttttt?? i wanttttttttt  actually i want a kit kat from you and another sweet hug 
@avvin skittles candy has a phrase they use to sell it, it is &quot;taste the rainbow&quot; anyway can not use babel fish anymore  no translator
So i guess 8 miles for krispy kreme is no go  no free donuts por mi
@toritos I'm just a hot sauce elitest I guess? I'm mexican give me a break. I want to come to a chocolate party. 
I broke the bowl to my bong... 
@ShesElectric_ @sammi_jade i hada nice bath now in bed with rusty dvd and choc mmmm! aww chlo just hava relaxin evening and early night  x
Aahh I still haven't washed my hair yet  this rain got me moving sloth like.
@babyloiysta mmm! last time I got that, they forgot the spicy dressing, I was crushed! 
@anjrued @StarStruk ya, just a few scuffs on the berry... 
my iron-bru is on the table and it's to far away  
Mmm... on watch again.... 
@cdibble Mmmm it's too nice, but not a friend to the old waistline. And unfortunately I have no willpower  
has the munchies.. an ders no munchies to munch! 
@bambi080481 What's wrong? 
@thegirls i was buying my dang salad! hence y i throw away my chickens  ok ok i ate one juicy piece NO !! i have sinned!!!
@MeganGibson0_o high 5 btw for us both having weak stomachs! i ate another bag of carrots whn u left and i was sick 
@trmb Now I want an oreo. 
wheres my coco lips, i miss talking to him. 
@wateraddict me too! ya know i'm not even vegan yet, and i'm already getting comments about how i should eat meat etc. grr. 
@AngelAstra turns out i fail at life, and now i dna wot to do wiv all da cheese 
@lbuckels fruity pebbles were discontinued in canada... it makes me sad 
Eughhh i hate soggy oreos , its just not nice to eat 
@spicyicecream i should have done that, but i'm too used to getting up early and eating breakfast  oh well, bring on the pickle chips!
hanging out with sean eating at chillis got a term paper to do lol but im a procrastinator 
@ItsDely i knoo I wanted pizza hut crust ugh  oh well lol
reaalllly hungry. want pho. and/or fried chicken. and/or cici's pizza. damnit man 
didnt get her cheese burger &amp;only eaten a cheese tostie al day.im starvin,there no food&amp;cnt make anova tostie coz dad 8 d last ov bread 
d'rather go without chocolatey indulgent inappropriate starch treat tonight than deal w/ the clerk w/ the crush on me  boy's @ KETMAN reh.
i just lost my bestfriend.. rip chewy. 
yum. italian pizza! i love italians. wish i was one! 
@eat7304 WHAT!!!? Thats cool but i don't have unlimited 
@circas i would try it, but i don't have sushi  i can tell you this tho-whipped cream tastes great alone haha. ugh now i want sushi
 im in the mood for a chocolate croissant from panera
http://twitpic.com/6pqn8 I thought my pina colada would come in a prettier cup 
@maclark11 iknow i am  dont rub it in! grrr
uh, bella. pepper spray has no effect on vampires. sorry 
wendy's chicken nuggets suck now and they only giveu 4 instead of 5  the affects of the recession
@kellc13 im already home.  buzzed and about to heat up some arroz y beans. lol
jager bombs by myself 
I want a burrito from los dos so bad right now 
one fish taco (mmmm!) down and i'm still alone 
but my cat caramel is ill  she kept whining.....dunno wht's wrong with her..
i went upstairs to go to sleep but turbo fiddy is calling out to me. 
Mmmm... just saw someone basically clear out their twitter, kinda sad 
One of my fishies died 
i think i broke my hand  it huuuuurts! ok prob not but it still huuuurts! loving choc banana scones yum yum!
everytime i eat semur i feel like the cook's going to cook me too 
@choon10 oh  whr u headin? so nice u get hols2enjoy!im so broke right now i thk i hv2 survive with bread n coffee...
I know paloma. I didn't get it. 
dang. want some pho. &amp;&amp; i am so ridiculously tired right now! 
@leas  sux maybe u shoulda try a martini?
:O chewing my last piece of my favourite gum  gotta buy more 2mow
Eating chrizo and egg while drinking diet pepsi...im going to have nightmares on crack tonight 
uh i ran over a hedgehog!   now thers blood on my tyres
@alyson_Mmm sean didn't let me run cuz there was a lightning storm 
@TheArnous except it's never just a spoonful of nutella. it always ends up being a jarful of nutella. i miss nutella 
@andrewpycroft i wish i could lose 3lbs eating pizza + ben &amp; jerrys! 
@icednyior but still wont beat seafood in kk la  but it was ok! still puas.. hehe.. at bangsar selera. that food court. amplang? wats tat?
tacos for dinner simpsons on the tv..life is good....but poor @LisaMichelle_ is sick 
not impressed with simpsons donuts  not much taste..... maybe its just me though
has made chocolate souffle! however they didnt really rise to the occation  tasted awesome all the same mmmm
@chylu curry was great everyone liked it except the rice that I burned a little to oops 
mmm diet coke (L) not had any for agges 
`jst woke up (bye) ate lunchz0r (mmm)` *cold, sad, scared*  http://plurk.com/p/ytt3d
chocolate is delecious x pete loves this , but hes not here 
Me and shad need a wee 
You know what sounds amazing right now? A sausage butty. 
i really fancy a stir fry but i dont think we have any chicken  x
In a pub at camber and wantin fanta but there is none 
@melony_78 Don't count on it 
feelin quezzy (I think datz how u spell it) bottom line, stomach is no bueno rite now!!! 
I relapsed again, I'm at chic fila  But is it bad that I always come into this chic fila bc there is a ton of eye candy wrkin here?
@xamylouise mmmm not that i can remember 
@anz_rocks19 awwww jus when i got allowed 
@mike_chavez pretty busy - sign for kolaches was lying 
I am missing ho-mui like a fat kid misses cake...  She's prolly somewhere in the corn fields driving away...forgetting us...
Joes dip is the devil...i think i gained the 14 lbs i lost back. 
I wish I could hire paula dean as my personal chef 
@urbanphish I'm trying a low-carb. You can eat as much as you want of the other things. It's still miserable, b/c all my favs are carbs. 
@leneisefjaer awww  i am so sorry hunny, i hope he'll get better soon!
http://twitpic.com/6r1bq - i want to have a shoot with them agaain 
so i have to bring food to this pleasure party so i guess i will take them the left over grapefruit hahahaha im such a bad guest lol 
wooo sunshine - got my washing out on the line tho i fancy some chocolate 
brin's ignoring me n even refuses my cuddles  she must be able to smell milo on me,that jealous bun of mine!
@virginiapatton I'll try to take super qt pix like you and your little bitty ginger girl but I doubt max will stay still. 
@iLoveMyE71 my mum n sys bising dah me owes drink green tea. 
yikes..will never ingest penne alla vodka after drinking margaritas again..not the ideal combo 
gettin a headache from this bun  ughh
in the summer when you live near a mcdonalds you get a lot of fry wafting. if you pretend really hard, it's like coney island 
@stoweboyd I eat string cheese like cheese.  i don't pull it apart.   i feel like im missing out
Wish the wee smilieeeeeeees worked on here 
omg chord is eating shrimp crackers and plantain chips! but doesn't wanna do dim sum 
gettin a tat haha yay!!! upset panera got rid of the creamy tomato soup 
@grcrssl  well yeah but for me its gonna be sweets sweets sweets  although itll be quite cool
@whatswhat_sian im doing the takeaway thingy too  couldnt be a***** cooking
@Sourasith Mmm Gyoza, yum yum! I'm so hungry. I keep eating when I'm bored 
Just ate a whole loada junk and &quot;probably&quot; crashed her diet  grr why do I always do that?? 
@beastie_child Not entirely sure...just a general wave of depression...maybe its lack of sun...and choco goodness 
makin some strawberry jelly but i dont think iuts workin 
Going out yay!  I should be happy?)  Mmm...n0p 
@mmmmarvin for real! my omelette was bomb tho. cheap beer no bueno 
still mad that martha made got us to dun outta round table like we were on a episode of the phone..poor chris and his hawaiian pizza! 
@singleparentdad ha, no, a proper grown up, posh food &amp; fizz sleepover party! Too knackered tho, sadly 
still mad that martha made got us to run outta round table like we were on a episode of the phone..poor chris and his hawaiian pizza! 
still mad that martha got us to run outta round table like we were on a episode of the phone..poor chris and his hawaiian pizza! 
wakey wakey eggs and bakey..minus the eggs and bakey 
ewww mah chocolate is all nastyyy 
Yay falafels with kim kim! I hope were not late to rehearsal 
out the shower. feelin pretty sleepy but cravin some gooood filipino soul food!....there's nothing on TV 
attempting to perfect my enchiladas, just sliced the crap out of my finger. 
Styes suck tits. 
wishing i was in newport  baking cupcakes, penguins vs. red wings tonight woo woo
@tiffgauntt Oooooh DQ! They don't have food at Dairy Queens up here.   And definitely NOT gravy.
my eyes huuurrrtt   a little tired..i want some pizza and a sundae frm Braums &lt;33
at bfd! missed anberlin because of the SATS  but tbs is at 945 and aberlin signing at 345!
@hankatplayer Mmm that's a tough question 
No lychee sake @ ranch 99 for moi  guess I'm not the only one who knows about the $10.99 dealie!
i am.. eating a creamsicle and getting brainfreeze. i still am not happy 
@Kudoskookies I'm about to have one now, just made a grasshopper pie but can't try it till it chills overnight  boohoo!
@ginger_lee awwww, enjoy it double for me, I'm working. 
ugh a pb&amp;j sandwich, thats all i get bcuz my dads at a party and my moms sleeping 
Shopping the stores at caesar palace!  too bad celine isnt still here  
would really like vegemite on toast but the vegemite is gone, erin is now sad  mew.
had a buff dinner-some giggles at casa de brett-but thinks she might be poorley 
In da bathroom taking me a rich nigga shit *spicy foods edition  *
Mmmm sooooooo whats good tonight? I want to go home 
waiting for my nasi lemak to siap! I just feel so useless that i didnt pack lunch 4 daniel this satsun 
@gracedent i fear beni is a gonner 
At east palace chino stop eating...lmao they have some hugh menus...lmao no club soda! 
is eating lebanese pizza for breakfast... mmm yum cheese manouche haha but damn this toothache and earache.. i cant enjoy it 
tupperware extravaganza at target. miso hawt  but yippee i got threaded
I have no honey   How am I supposed to make ginger glazed mahi mahi without honey??? This is madness
Ouuuch I burned my boob on a pizza roll 
@britneyirene i know! im soooooooooo hungry  we r going to hometown buffet wen i get home lol
Brrrrrr! It's cold outside in the wind! 
nothings better than blue bell icecream. layin in bed, throat is killllin me. 
family coming for brunch. was gonna make ina's baked french toast. could find neither challah nor brioche. ri SO provincial. 
What up tweeters and tweetettes...sinuses trippin/drippin, neighbor bbqing smelling oh so good and all I have to eat is fish and veggies 
@lil69 please send me some flamin hot cheetos! We ain't got em here. Ah i miss them. 
i want a brownie batter blizzard! and am waiting for ppl to let me know if they're out in dwntwn lex yet. pretty dress and nowhere to go! 
My Belgian Dubbel was wiped out in less than 2 hours   not sure if it was me or the 7.75% abv ?  Hmmmmm http://bit.ly/stlbrew
eating a grilled chicken wrap....healthy right?! ... but the cheese fries kills it  bua bua bua
nao i want more sushi. 
i muuuust be getting sick. i feel like crawling in bed to watch tv and drink chocolate milk til i pass out. mmm... sounds like a plan. 
my lil patti has a fever...102.1 degrees. I feel so bad for her 
@yum9me You kind of deserved that one 
@chrish2os kinda want the beanery. i didn't know if it'd be too late when you got in  and i always forget when they close.
watching this fatty girl video and I'm like...I'm very disturbed watching ll cool j with that lolli pop 
uggh,i soo wanna white hot chocolate from dunkin; dounuts right now!! 
@shaundiviney  u neva told me wer that steakhouse was!
really bored... aminah wont give me fudge brownies 
Feeling crappy.. I want frozen yogurt 
@Peach_t damn peach, you didn't even share 
@ashtotheresq lol u kno me very well. im not even full from taco bell tho  i want sushi now!!! oh dear. what place did u eat at?
@MaxiLovegood  I want grilled cheesy goodness....with garlic sausage....and french fries.
@Mannifer mmmhmm, chicken huh? so much about being a diet biatchh lol* i love u my mac. when will i see u again?? 
Yumm, Jello shots! Which then got confiscated from the jello shot police  http://twitpic.com/6t3kh
had to settle for the regular goddam cheetos. im never going to find them... 
@wishicouldwait_ oooh! i've never had pumpkin scones. lovely!! gran torino devastated me beyond repair  
@taeheckard tequilla doesn't sit well on my tummy  so ima just sip the corona *passes tae a margarita*
Stomach pain since last nite   i think im dieing.  is this karma? or 2 much spicy food?
@BrandonDaBalla qeez. i`m mad evryone qettn soup`d wasted throw`d lift`d or w|e. i tried but my bruda was around &amp;&amp; he`sz soo protective 
i miss my chicas already 
cheese can be such a bitch on the belly...  owie
@bkGirlFriday: ur addicted 2 yogurtland like I'm addicted 2 coco puffs the difference u can go get it I have 2 fly  http://myloc.me/2TlO
jus played tetris and now my fingers hurt 
lols gave a chilli to th lil guy then he puts idt in his mouth , chews &quot; oooh yummy &quot; 6 seconds later , his face turns red and &quot; aah &quot; 
wth tan tan ran outta food 
@bogart17: What if I can't? 
@llamakevin Mmmmm, sounds nice. Not got time to cook a full breaky. 
@vaempyr oh my god masterchef!!!!! I'm missing masterchef!!!! Ah keep me updated constantly 
@TraceyMmm im drinking champers.... its my bros 21st and im confined to the house.  but mmm pink bubbles!
Everynight after work I kill a bag of excelsior jamaican water crackers. A whole bag. On some yardie fattie steez. About to do it again 
either lasagna or nacho's for din-dins, mm &gt; i should probably do that english homework but i can't be bothered 
@iAmZoraida but my azz is flippin hungry i aint got ish 2 eat  worms tearing up my insides on a rampage wanting food smh
I miss my strawberry sweet lover  haha, beware of the strawberry sweets they may choke u, not a gud look gaspin for air, tryin nota laf
i'm twittering now, cos the smell of bacon is making me fell sick and i dont like these germans,  grrrr...... stupid disney stars 
disappointed in the bottom 4  #masterchef
eating tortellini  yummy!!but its damn hot 
@mrrgiese thanks alma! sounds interesting.wanted to drink red beer yesterday but didn't have any left at the pub.  mmm cookies look great!
Mmmmm, so wet the rest of the racing could be called off  http://myloc.me/2UaF
It was sunny now cloudy  mmm tea at the ark.
@violetbakes I knew I needed Bernaise sauce with my steak last night 
@myuze_me uh oh, everyone on the mp board hates me because I'm a mean bully  Shucks.
@quesmoney they had a sign sayin they closed at 12  I settle for curry manapua from7/11
got the wrong flavor bueno 
jesus i feel so rough and where have all my caramel roses gone 
Eating too much chocolate... must stop eating choco... *munch*.. damnit 
me poorley with cold yuk! 
Going to make waffles for my fam because I'm wicked cool, except I just hurt my shoulder getting it from the cupboard above the fridge. 
is worried that the meatloaf and miller lite isn't going to do the trick afterall. 
I got the shopping bug but no money to spend   Aww Shucks!
Mmmm first kaiten sushi of the trip! I wish there was one closer to me 
drinking coffee and listening to jay z myspace, while eating pancakes for breakfast.  very sad not to have seen sasha dj.   AnD thank u. ;
I buy some soda and put them in the hotel frig only to wake up the next day to a luke warm pepsi one. I was suppose to know to turn it up 
@I_Love_titties i know! was so upset....and they forgot my sauce! 
So anyways, i just watched sytycd ep4, where they let people go. I can't believe they cut most of my faves! I am so devastated. Mmmm 
@colorava he didnt eat dinner today. kawawa naman. he looks matamlay. he's trying to sleep now 
Home from jim jams drinking a sweet tea.. I have to go buy brittanys present for tom  here we go again..
creating the lamest roast ever...battery chicken, frozen veg and ready made mash! sooo tired and shop had nothing left 
Aahh mocks tomorrow  back to school for me!
@PeaceLoveAuburn not at brekkie with me 
@Joykuh Awww hunny  Why is that? 
being lazy on a sunday watching tv in my new comfy bed wanting a calzone from johnnys ate pb sandwich instead 
having a caramel coolatta from dunkin donuts is not the same as having a carmel frap from starbucks 
Either french toast is weird and tastes creepy. . Or I just don't know how to make it.. Lol 
Kids are eating mcdonalds right in front of me and all i have is cheezits and chewy bars 
@msvindicta heh. It's big but it's like 'thin crust' murtabak. 
@mrjpeterson  down with pepsi!
is waiting to eat a scrummy roast dinner...not looking forward to tommorow tho  sad times
burned the shit out of my thumb cooking breakfast 
dinner was pish.ma fork smelled of wetdog so that put me off completely  a well want a nap but i wana be able to sleep later on grr!
@Laaurenx it's sammie - well not fair!  LOL is it that good ?
Has had her roast..ummm..now for the washing up 
@clairecircuit clean hair to me = flat hair! No likey  I like a bit o'grease to fatten it up yo! Mmmm...s,nice ;p
i just got up, i think im sicky poo 
waiting for pizza hungry oh n the race is on 
@alahue ahhhh! i wanted to put chopped up peanuts in our pancakes with the apples- marc vetoed that idea.  yours sounded yummy!
@flapjack50 oh dear - sounds like a bad dayvin the flapjack house 
@ajoyfulmom yum! I never get banana pudding around here 
@lastlinefirst that is so sad  btw is it crazy I love the smell of crayons?
@thecraigmorris ...what if i *was* drinking pints of tea? eh? eh?  i think we're even, well played craigzilla x
@jojo_the_brat I didnt even know you were there.   I'm sorry
@verginiamaro you want something that isn't the same here, try grapenuts.  oreos at least still taste chocolatey and, um, white stuff-y.
Mmmmm hot tea to try to soothe a bad sore throat...WOW, this caught me off guard, haven't felt like this in ages  more tea and aleve?
@BgreenTWE lol nothin forreal I guess imma b eatin pizza bolis 
@selin162 How are you feeling punkin????? Not happy that you are ill 
...whaa the hecks.. getn teary eye'd offa dumb stuff..im just hungry  lol. thai food yums.
@vette2004 good deal..was trying to do an all raw foods diet..I don't know if I'm gonna make it..much harder than I thought 
Our housesitters are jerks. They took all the advil and my breakfast at tiffanys movie. Who does that? 
dinner in bricktown (oklahoma). sad I wont be coming here for tournaments anymore  but mmmm steak!
@dannygokey your scream was definitely worse than your spelling honey 
also somebody just threw his banana peel @ a random big dude 
I keep my beef eating (pause) to a minimum. But there are only beef franks here  I want jerk chicken and mac, forget the bullshit food.
funniest lunch with dana ever, weather looks to be bad tonite 
@jervae I ate really wel, but didn't have any dessert. 
@KimModel getting honey tea for my throat and chicken soup for my sinuses.  Going to doctor nxt wk.  not cool 
@jaisa21 aww i love @thisisdavina she's mega cool, but doesn't seem to reply.  *hint hint* X
queriaa coffe bean no br 
@mcafee15  no sushi for me?
Oh my eff. It smells like fish. I don't do fish. Or any seafood for that matter.  *Throws up.*
nutella, you will be missed! 
kinda burnt my thumb while BBQing....not good... 
All out of jamba juice  waah
is studying 4 science final! whoopie sooo much fun! 
k im not having chips again  i keep hurting my palate!! but they're so yummy! haha
@DNicestDyme  singing scared of lonely odee loud like I swear im beyonce.. imu 
@direzze  you need a good ol starbucks! lots of caffeine and whip cream! or something alcoholic. but i'll say starbucks for now.
@ktthebby you saying tooty fruity makes me want tootsie rolls 
why am i drinking dr. pepper? like it doesn't have a gazillion calories and carbs and rots my kidneys?  it tastes so good. 
@explodedsoda I may be a dense male but what is a twinkie weiner sandwich? 
@madam_mina do you know if there's anywhere i can watch iron chef online after it airs?  no tv here  
just kickin all bord  missin my hunny bunny
@soany_g monday @ batam! huhuhuhhh... berpisah lagi   Already lost my appetite,thinking for lonely-dinner-menu
my bowl is basically broken  poop.
Not a fan of ricotta creme. 
i want walgreens rainbow sherbert but they are closed 
ooops, i messyed up  . . . $5.99 a big ass bottle rossi wine, its rght on x
pgn k kfc beli paket chaki meals yg ada hadiah maenan Transformers-nya 
mm lasagna nom nom nom.. but urgh carbs 
Mmmm crap why am I sick  must sell 3 fusions regardless
have got buttery tiger roll crumbs all over my keyboard 
yea....im stuck in a bit of a pickle! ugh...and there's no more ice cream  wut imma eat wit the rest of these brownies?
skinny holly and fat holly are fighting over caramel slice at the moment !!! grrr skinny holly is winning  my taste buds arent happy 
@panicitsleslie blech  i don't like cigs whatsoever. the smell just gets to me.
.....got tha munchies!! 
Man these sweets are messed up, got flavours like vomit and boogers in it and you can't tell what's what  http://twitpic.com/7g94w
had lunch with stella.. porridge..pity me.. can't eat anything but porridge..  how's school everyone?? how's piano exam nise??
@brendonuriesays i was so distressed when the wild wings near my apartment closed down. goddamn i miss my mango habanero 
@MondoAZ sorry I actually WAS talking about eating ur brain  maybe u should think of less tasty thoughts
I think my pappy had some mello yellow dumped in it. 
@gennieyi i'm craaaaaaaaving chipotle.  hk fail.
my candy tastes like table  guess thats why you dont play with your food lol but it looks better as a perfect cube &gt;_&lt; *mashes*
Oh how sunburned am I. Crispy bacon springs to mind.   Anyhoo, taking the car to the garage for a pre-mot before warranty runs out too.
@Franklero coke is superior to all sodas but dr peper is a close runner up i hate kfc cuz they only got pepsi and no coke  yay coke zero
@iamAyteel u always say that! What's wrong pooh??? 
ow, I don't think that bagel is agreeing with me 
ew  i hope you find an eyeball in your pie.
@katiedidituk you dont miss anything. I didnt find any muffins  I did shake my ass &amp; spill vino down my dress tho!
I feel like poo, i want to go home 
I feel like poo, i want to go home 
String cheese gave me the shits 
@shailaja hmm sigh at least you guys get to have it. I am stuck in a chocolate free zone 
@devinewilliam haha i just want to live in melbourne, not study there. noo i didn't even get myself any krispy kremes 
Enjoying mangoes!! yum! Thats the last of it for this season... 
@annesue  I want hot chocolate from chloe chuah tooo!!! 
is eating stale scampi nik-naks  and trying to figure twitter out!
ahhhhh tv is cruel.... ad of a new black chocolate hummmm mousse fondante 
Just had lunchy  munchy - it was crap 
@marginatasnaily yumm beans on toast sounds heavenly! i havnt had my lunch yet- already feeling crappy!!  xx
i ate my lunch too quick and now my stomach is ow-ey 
@amyjamey yep I would have preferred oyster 
@jamie_oliver i tried to make leek and potato soup. it was hideous 
@jamie_oliver chillin and learnin  would love to go for your chocolate cake right now..
Belgian waffless, mmm :9 its a friggin sauna in class, no a.c 
@jamie_oliver and and and a dessert 4 sure but dunno which one  any idea??
eww the bottom of my cup tastes like pickles... i need better roomates. 
Oh no! I lost my the maine chapstick and my lips are on fiya! 
mummy is hooooome!! im sleepy........and hungry??? arrrggghhhhhh no vegan goodness in 
@cillaboo rotten cucumber? gross!ive never thought of that before  i love eating cucumber with greek meze. how do u feel about carrots?
@dondonh wanda's blueberry? looked great but taste was hugely lacking - really bland, dry filling and tiny blueberries were uck. . 
PISSED. Something ate every single one of my rosebuds overnight 
@amorow yeah pizza stone FAIL      (i thought butterfly but bowtie works too)
wet again  grrr
@seanfp awww! poor fishies! 
need sum more baccy 
Mmmmmm...conf calls after conf calls, bouh 
says i miss ikea meatballs  http://plurk.com/p/115ea1
My new shampoo smells overwhelmingly like strawberries, it's kinda making me sneeze alot 
last lunch  and sarah brings nasty peanut butter and fluff
@kimberley_ mmm i dont have candy 
@ starbucks working  if one more kid orders a double chocolate chip frappuccino i'm gonna lose it--
just finished lunch (turkey sand, chips, cherry coke and ain ice cream - ummmm!) gotta get back to work now 
@SpoiledBrat34 just finished having dinner now...lol osoi?! yea..mada umaku taberenai..   I ate sushi actually! lol
@cynthia_123 nope sweets not to play now 
hoping erika can come chill at the pool......sweet talk with ali. and brett doesn't understand coffee vs. espresso....unfortunate 
is out of pepsi 
im exhausted, I want a green apple sno bubble w/extra boba and my cd was stolen at work so I want the new jarvis cocker cd. screw you all 
i hate mcdonalds!sick 
@fountain1987 hola. I'm watching Hollyoaks..just not the same 
espresso machine broken at neighbouring starbucks... jonesing for a tripple shot espresso 
 a fly just landed in my green chile stew. i've never been big on killing bugs, but this asshole asked for it. There goes my appetite
@soundlyawake  Why can't I be a guy between the ages of 25 and 70? I want to kick trains but not break them. And mmm imitation crab!
My crackers are stale and my tuna doesn't have enough dill  is this the kinda day I'm gonna have?
@Z33LnR44L I wanntt...  I like the bacon cheeseburger thingies.. mmm
I've got a really bad nat bite  I've never actually had one this bad.. It hurtss  x
dang, i still have to eat my oatmeal 
@thevietgirl um som REALLY spicy snacks xD its bit like potato hoops with spicy thingyy around it  havent had hichews in ages aswell!! 
Wishing I had a nap right about now. Unfortunately, homework is going to keep me from getting much sleep again tonight   yum, fish sticks!
@kiki0306 that's the chilli's that I always go to  they never fucked up my reggae sunsplashes
spring rolls arent nice with dark soya sauce trust me  norrrappppy
@chowdown *sighs*  It's just not fair....
@loveesong http://twitpic.com/7hmy2 - yum creampuff (: im hungry now  :L
@fumauk http://twitpic.com/7hn86 - Mmmmm yes does look nice. Bet there won't be any left by time I'm next round 
 missed 2 pts from getting an A. poopie.
everyone laughs at a demi-vegetarian...  but like no haribo, that would kill me
Lunch with the tersiguels and stacy was amazing!  Now at mica till midnite forgot my computer 
@amy_crabb I see no goodness on that plate. 
mitchel musso is totally in there right now, but i am headed to dinner  http://sml.vg/OF4eJb
Aahh fuck headaches 
god I seriously just want a steak and baked potato. but I will NEVER get it  I hate being poor as fuck.
Mmm panera for din din! Now back to work 
@cavorting the mild panic that started @ midday is starting to subside but its made me feel a bit wierd/wired &amp; crave food/drink/fags 
@SunnyLush gah, spit it out! no cancer for you 
Aahh I lost my sunglasses  it's like losing an appendage. I practically slept with them on. A part of me just died...epic saddness
cooking FISH!!! smells good but wondering if it will linger since it's a smallish nyc apt. 
@AlexWtheGreat ohhh yummy!! i want pizza now!!!  hahaha
never light a bbq, results in having to cut your own bangs 
ouch.. ive just managed to hit my eat off a cupboard door.. argh 
jus had my last meal of the day!  .... this diet sux old salty balls &amp; im not feelin it ....
Just finished eatting some fish my dad made...grossest meat on the earth....I wanna throw up now 
martha's potatoes turned out really good (http://tinyurl.com/lnsg7j), but the salmon was just okay--didn't flavor it enough. needs work. 
@tylereaton mmm. I wasn't invited. 
oops... I had chicken cutlets instead of chicken breasts  yikes!!!!
Mmmmmm lima beans and rice and meat and avocados and green tea and spicy hot sauce...yuuummmm i missed eatin 
uhhhh! too much mac n' cheese! 
feelin this kanyeeezy song hey mama the grammy version... aww it makes me wanna eat some ice cream in the dark   i love it!!&lt;3 god bless!
awwwwww i am so sad!! i ran out of orange juice  boohoo!
only about 1/3 of my sweet-tart roll left  i'm sure to feel sick later!
 @shanedawson i'm sad now i leave for 2 hours and u didn't even miss me  anywho um i still luv u and whats with getting a frozen turkey?
I can't stand hot cheetos!  they're so fun to eat.
@michaelmcgaw on my sammich?  I was out 
@BSerious72 i don't like kobe  he cheats on his wife.  yuck
Feels icky like woah! I need my mommy to make me some chicken soup and tuck me in 
@susan_adrian Sounds yummy! I had half a mind to let the ice cream melt, out of spite. But I was brought up not to be wasteful 
@SINsationalSIN lol I ate all the oreo's 
Is hoping tj calls tonight i luv my baby- i can never eat kfc again 
mmm i have a terrible headeache 
 hahah @annetteluna says to me: yea we need to go to target so we can get you a hotdog and you'll shut up
@MishGoddess sure, I've never been served oreos like that. And I ordered some sour but they were closed 
no wonder i stopped eating pho...not feeling too good 
beddd. babysitting, then workin @ tropical smoothie til 9 
@oxEmalieexo moose just likes the forbidden fruit of tweeting from matt's blackberry!  i understand the pissy mood  good luck!
@amstar, not only do I have moobs, they're almost a b cup 
@pandapoonage hahah yeah I had eggrolls, chicken wings, boiling crab, jamba juice and I forgot! But I ate a whole lot 
Mmmm bad luck  i have to go but without laptop anyway im happy because of LVTT!  Goonight.
@la_le so jealous that @mphartzler gets to enjoy german food, gummies n Pretzles with you.... 
@LadyLeaksta I just hate that @ 10 all the food joint make u wait like 10 mins for a damn burger  I wanna cry lol
Mmmmm...what a great night. 2 bad it has 2 be over... 
Mmmmmm, throwing up never sounded so good. But im better than that. And im almost out of cigs 
made myself a whole 12 cup coffee pot of green tea..I can't find the honey  so sick I wanna cry...weak shit yo
@cupcake_laurie you were drunk ... I wasw not 
@syddie_boo I'm jealous. all I got is kool-aid, 
im having a strong craving for jamba juice right now. Too bad its 1030pm 
@SavannaBananna ha ha I know! It was entertaining! I just ate popcorn out of the camp rock bowl without you 
Feeling a bit under the weather this evening.   Mmmm I need a hot drink (perhaps with some Irish liqueur added).
@stacywillert I always forget about that until someone(usually you) brings it up. That was really sad  But they'd always make nachos. Mmmm
@MelodyDarlene, fffffffffffuuuucccckkinnnggg fudge mayne..missed it...thought it was 
@caes_interlude shucks I did 
Night 2 in her new room. Babybel doesn't give a flying fish taco where she sleeps, it's mama who can't make it 2hrs w/o sneaking a peek 
lunch at la porchetta was fun as! feel really bad about ms johnson 
didn't eat lunch..  skittles lng.. (mmm) http://plurk.com/p/119mv2
@dalia_matee haha! i was sick anyway 
i burned my tounge on an eggroll yesterday  ...it still hurts.
@roll_a_fatty awwwwww  thats right ... rip .... 
has to leave in 5 mins and has not finished her toast 
Mmm crap. I kindda banged Bo up when i dropped him in the kicthen 
@gobi_one I know. I remembered just now as well 
Mmmm... only for US... 
1st complaint about vegas, french dip here was not as good as bistro 33's in sac 
i really hate chili oh my mouth  hot!
hmm...hungry..god i wish i had some noodles 
no nacho in germany??  i mean i am happy for him, but no nacho is sad
@jlieu sorry sweetie, yes i was. i made a quick grocery stop at whole foods!  missed you
@amberwhiting haha. i didnt get tix to take 40 shortstack 
@formerfatguy mmmm coconut... I only have the dissected variety 
@mauvedeity the best I can do is *sends an imaginary sausage roll &amp; jammy donut* sorry 
 lots of pics of clebs in teeny bikinis at the mo,well I feel like shamu today, salad for lunch and fruit, at least my baps are my own lol
ouch! hot tv dinner is hot. #haveyouever burnt your tongue on flaming hot cheese 
I feel so cold  yeah so going to HJs mmmmm bacon delux
@thecraigmorris i don't have jam either   pb's going ok... it's mega smooth and the bread's dead fresh. it's not helping tho :'o(
@aussiemcflyfan @TownHallSteps1 raison toast haha.. i've been feeling real sick  getting better, youu?? x
Going to miss my pud pud today  #squarespace
mmmm dominated that pizza LOL, now im too full 
@jenry1523 hmmm jap f000d! Just got a craving 
@AshelyLeAnn what happened for it to be all swollen and nasty  (chicken and beer would def ease the pain hehe)
 my coffee is hot  as fuck ha ha dam
@ianwoollam McDonalds actually make a loss on mclurrys, sundaes, milehakes etc... So managers encourage crew to skip to increase yeilds 
i want lava cake mthrfckr.   hmm
@BenLaMothe I think im going to live off tesco. no more shopping sniff sniff 
need fruity noms 
@ClaireBolton_x haha. ohh i could do with a bacon sarniee. i don't think there's any bacon in the house though  lool xx
@doc18 ooooh yum, i have the model they designed it off (penft), but he's poorly 
@kellyng http://twitpic.com/7jg2a - i am hungry. and i just had carbonara soup pasta in japan. such a spoiler.  MELBEN!!!!
I'm so knackered maaaaannnn jesus can't believe I'm working later  the soup my sister made smells amazing!
Going to sears and getting my growing lil man a new tub 
@ChetMonique lmao... cheddar biscuits!! she was like yeah, i dnt think im the one for you. he was like: what?!?  said he was hella mad.
won a pound on bingo a woo hoo 
@ron_d_aron I love the smell of coffee... I unfortunately get a massive headache if I drink it 
ah-ha...nada    but i did make an omelet in a bag for b-fast so ate good ~ so no worries, i won't fade away!
The bed is calling but.....my munchies      [The double cheez totally did not make it]
drank bad milk this morning  ohh noo.
what else? working! .....Mmm toooo hungry  !!
@TheBibik LOL u should have bought some!  wana munch on smthng sweet..not brownies..but donuts..kinda late to go out 
my cheese-itz are stale 
lunchtime...turkey sandwich toasted w. tea yum...im doin good with the healthy eating..can't say im not craving pizza though 
@simplyritzy peanut butter and jelly - that's what i ate  or hit up penn station..mmmm philly cheesesteak
@211me chicken parm sounds good damn i hate u :phaha jk and enjoy peters chair i dont see him doing it  sadly but u should still dance :p
jus had lunch .. now im heading back to class  .. see ya at 4 tweeters!
@ebeckham I'm bitter myself!!  I'd much rather spend tonight eating guac and sipping rita's than working 
@SkyReaves lmao! &amp;&amp; aww no more mcdonalds  I eat turkey mostly tho
@hellofridays richer! what ricer lor anyhow sayy 
eatin sum peng ice cream (Y) lol :L bt at omee on ma bill 
more math final shit, just had the worst breakfast 
They don't have our beasty pizza 
Where the hell can i get a hashbrown?! 
hmm, probably not worth the amount of grease on my margarita 
My stomach is screwed from madame's mousse au chocolat 
dustin made me eat a pear before i could eat oreos for breakfast.  
Aw, dangit.  I knew I forgot to bring something to work.  No mini granola bar for me at snacktime 
ugggggggggggh i feel rotten again(&amp;not cos of raisins or toe-eating)im all achey,cold n sniffly    get out your violins.....
totally burned my tongue on mac n' cheese 
@Spottedfire94 ye!! I did get a milkshake btw cya tomoz got an English speech to write and a prezzie to wrap 
@felicityfuller Not you as well! @ms_cornwall's bad sausage vibe is not helping! 
sophie brazier is asking me how to pluck HER eyebrows, she wants every last deet. what certain shape, how you do it. not a sesible idea 
@daviesl im making chicken korma at the moment. home alon  xx
@amberlawbyrd mmmm. im hungry. had avocado eggrolls and enchiladas for lunch. still hungry 
just got back from the E.R..i just had an epiphany!!! no more hot cheetos.. 
kimberley eating chocolate yoghurt.smells nice.nicenicenicenicenice.im hungry,no breakkie 
@amani_w you said I don't make/sell icecream for a living.. 
So tired....&amp; can of diet pepsi is so far away.... ok fine its just out of reach. but it requires moving....&amp; I don't want to do that. 
@melissabeck ohh mama.  don't beat yourself up honey! it'll be okay.
@trio25 well being a studenty type i have to say you get used to it eventually  just gotta enjoy those free pleasures
@Q8TiLiCiOuS mako gym o kether ma anam ham feni noooooom 
ew i totally did not follow my diet 
@harryhoody mmm pasta.. i wanted to go to #bonnaroo but i was too brokeee. 
@HappyB1tch well I would like some margaritas too 
@meghafine no  but they do have choice of pepsi or coke! I'm getting cavities for sure
@jenny10001 i want chips too    haha
ew...reheated baked potatoes aren't too great 
missin blunts and subs 
regretting about ordering caesar salad at wendy's instead of the quater pound yesterday 
Grilling veggies... In the oven bc it's raining 
@paperdollmia i ready for yummy yumm squashes. And i miss my cindy. 
Is sad I'm missing tbs tonighy! 
awww, i won't see my wonderful cosmo flapjack tatiano archie until july 
has really enjoyed a night out with the uni folk.  going to asda to get some food.  missin el though. 
@tamara929 Two days now  Not sure whether it is the oink oink variant although I think I don't have the symptom...
has a crabby baby and wants an oreo cookie milkshake. i guess ryan can't take care of both of us at once! 
@RubyRose1 i really thought you were going on masterchef  x
This dentist better fix my jaw.  I just wanna eat a cheeseburger 
@advil0 LOL I saw I had a mention and got so excited thinking it was #squarespace ... I was wrong 
@whitebaek nope, 10 sushi + 6 maki was $10.95, now $12.95 
Mmm...gotta love watching people play video games. no fun at all 
@DylanDForeigner MAN!! as my stomach growls....im so jealous. Thats the perfect meal 
I miss @jackley7 especially because she's enjoying tequila without being at lizzie's 
fml missed 11:11  i was on a roll
need basmati rice. on the snap  plain jane
@hwaiting mmmmmm? 
wow, rave reviews for meng kee char kuay teow..! but its lunchtime now, long queues  http://snurl.com/k9y6s
@kimidoll  I hope everythings ok. When you come over, you can vent to me!!
@jirlznae i'm so anxious my stomach is starting to hurt  but i'm excited to see you!make lots of noise for moi
@elizabethmendez when? i just finished my bowl of samurai sams, but im still hungry 
my stomach is killing meee .  . watching hotrod, andy samberg makes me smile .
@josiecampbell that sounds so unsatisfying... - i feel like something crispy, crunchy and salty... nuts are close I suppose 
@hef_a_roni I know, I think I just don't want to go to work.... But I'll be there 
taking my rotten apple to the doc now. 
@isywishy damn, i miss kopitiam kaya toast! 
Morningggg, sup babes &amp;dudes  ! I was dreaming and drooling about getting 1-5cream puffs ytd night that i can't sleep ! 
curry-puffed, vending machine coffee-ed, fb-ed, wee-wee-ed.....now back to  work.......wheres my storm?
omg, that pork was so good... still reeling from the crunchy and tender texture, sweet porky flavour with 5 spice. wants more 
@reykai me can't have tea anymore kak cici *envy* the belly won't accept no more of it 
darn, wants baste to win!! 
ive eaten too many twizzlers 
#mybreakfast - meat and potato pie and coffee ^^ win. But ow my wrist aswell 
ew, those chicken nuggets weren't satisfying. they were cold and my fries were super hard... not even crispy 
oh, I meant. cough syrup **SMELLS horrible 
eating tostillos with creamy spinach dip, yummy. @ac07- y so bad3p? 
@boldavenue no, from a lot in tempe near la bocca 
oh man abc news why'd u have to show a segment on chipotle. do u knoo wat u jus did! now I'm craving any taco like product  GOODNITE.
i miss making french toast with elaine 
@tin_beezy you going tmrw? i decided to go to class  haha
hmm. spaghetti for tea | vip at jetty surf ;p | homework to do.... 
had two big icecreams yest and now feeling sicky.. cant believe have become so lame.. 
@elanaskye omg I love them but we dont get them in greece!! only plain ritz  so my fav snack is cheerios or poptarts or golfish crackers!
@troyjh whats shepards pie without the potato??? 
Mmm forgot to fill up the car at lunch...did you know that cars need fuel to drive? 
@kannychan the cakes looks f**king awesome lor!!! esp the triple choc &amp; walnut cake. damn!!! feel like ordering one now. 
I was about to fucking devour these apple jacks, and then I looked in the fridge only to find out there's no milk 
working 1 til 9  then going for a curry with the girlies .
I ordered pizza and only ate 3 pieces... whats wrong with me today?  Ahhh... must be all that chocolate, red bull and tripple shot coffee.
@kriskendal blurg it was rank. yuk yuk yuk. promise i will get a humane mouse trap tho as i couldn't bear to see a dead mouse in my house 
this dosent taste like soy milk usually does  i trapsed around town this moring to find some! bought a scone &amp; wax strips - yum....
I want bbq pao 
Sumtimes I think I'm missin out on brkfst pleasure from da corner store  I don't eat bacon, egg n cheese sandwiches neva did and neva will
Mmmm morrning coffee s good, sore from gym not qute good 
@amy_angus: i still haven't slept... 
@rob_alexander - its sooooooo cold here ! ....  wheat pack is in bed with me
is eating cold pizza...again. worrying about ron 
Coming in from the msnbc's digital cafe this week where @maddows made some awesome cocktails! @jimmyFallon's hot choco was unappreciated 
mmm chips, cheese and gravy i want some 
im sorry dad. your surprise cheesecake for your birthday will probably come out horrible.  fu pecans syrup and water.
@dulce75 Sucks! 
@FoodStories You 'avin a dig at my weeny tomato?  'Arsh bruv.
Mmm, facebook is slow as hell 
wheres the tweetdeck for the berry? 
yuk, it's so cold 
LoL, ain't no more to give....sorry  but what are you about?? @barbie_banga
got up, had a hardy's biscuit 'n' gravy, and is gonna go to the hospital now. 
eating a hotdog for lunch god damn recession. i gotta go supermarket shopping trader joe too far 
I hope i feel better tomm ! Why did i eat 2 plates of momo any tyo aachar 
I feel like shit today, didn't sleep to 8am thanks to my hay fever.   and cheese and onion crisps are yucky. http://tinyurl.com/mnpw4x
My dad just dropped my jar of spaghetti sauce . 2nd one gone  - http://tweet.sg
@mellow_D i talked with A double P-L-E and they said its not up yet no viagra..... 
Mmm, mmm coffee.  Totally not looking forward to going back to Columbus tomorrow. 
choc fondue and vino to look forward to this evening with lovely girlies - much fun to be had.  better do a bit more admin first though 
I smell of chicken poo but can't find any on me 
@lele_e owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwn your cute! my chanel bag have to wait 
Is so mad at her self I ruined everything with him..  I guess I'll be on the ferris wheel tonight by myself with my gallon of icecream (
i try to do the dishes. i don't think &quot;oh i'm doing the dishes, i might aswell do them shit&quot;. @trouble182 wanted me to attend a seminar 
@NicMeLBraM  - I got some pasta rigati if ur were in the area
mmmm.... i wana go back to bed 
my pancakes arent light enough 
apple your lettin us all down 
the fucking mcdonalds lady made my drink wrong. ugh now to suffer without coffee. 
http://twitpic.com/7mpyf eat my bao(bun) all u bitches!!!!! ugh so bored  shld sleep soon
Aww I burned my tounge on my dinner :'( I think they should invent tounge plasters cause I can't put one on 
@ash_kay I don't wna cook 
@roni_duani so i can stop bothering you? 
 messed up the pudding.. ewww
@SoCASitters Mmmmm sounds so good! I tried to get on your link but it errored 
i accidently spilled my iced tea and my dog licked it off the wood floor  shes gonna have like splinters on her tongue...
1 cup of special k and a small little bowl of fruit salad for lunch hmm hmm good, i'm tired 
back in great yarmouth. had a massssive dinner. giant yorkshire pudding! im so full  piling on the pounds too...
http://twitpic.com/7n7o4 - last pow-wow with teerth  COLDSTONES!
@november19 My stir fry always goes soggy 
@NicLovesHabs  Share those sushi wiff me, sorry can't carry you home 
@BalderKongen meh--not tonight.  too late for me to get the pizza dough started   (I thought about doing it, but forgot!)
@maroon5 - thats weird  im eating one right now too. what sandwich? mine is tuna salad. I think they put a whole onion in it 
@BTBTheProducer you just cost me food ! lmao .. 
ughh just waking up.. drinking a vitamin tablet with water.. tastes like kaka.. 
@LadyNightowl very sorry to hear this, patty. keeping you and the fam in my prayers!! 
hella cravin' a twinkie. lolol. or one of those &quot;hostess&quot; snacks. this is fail! because i practically work out everyday nowadays..  tr ...
@erinconick where the eff are you? i wanted a smoothie 
cubs lost, oh well...weather not nice enough to go to the pool  BUT making arroz con pollo mmmm yummie
mmmmmm..... marinated chicken and pork chops. oh no they're gone!!!! 
@alicia_s i miss their mozzarella sticks 
grr  I hm &quot;overcooked&quot; my chicken..... (~_~)zZZZ g nite world
vegan has to avoid greens  http://ow.ly/eGu4
i am feeding my little bro. nicholas his lunch- chocolatey chip teddy grahams and pasta shells. but he doesnt like it.  i feel sad now!
made spanish chicken &amp; rice (arroz con pollo) for dinner &amp; mi madre made pico de gallo, but took it to some church gathering 
Eating choco  noooo!
@chocolate_dip went to get that svc you got, but they gonna be on vacay 
making hamburgers..... no wait, oh they're chicken burgers 
@DjStibs chick fil a! fud ruckers! i wish texas had in and our burger 
@theredheadsaid mmm pommes frites! those are delicious! i'd offer to join you, but i've got a final i'm supposed to be studying for. 
the lumber crackers lost  hahah
Is still breathing pepsi 
@djplayboy1 jealous! i never got my bbq from you 
mmmm how I miss musical theatre..... 
ew this cheap version of lesnac is gross  hope pineapple juice will wash out the gross french onion taste.
mmm...chinese food. sux being poor.  closest imma get is ramen noodles. bring it on!
@timey_wimey_kid I don't know  As far as I know he is still unconsious 
Just had a kit-kat sundae. I really need to start working out 
jus got off work..ugh finna eat sumthin then hw 
juuust finished eating some steak. um i'm beat. famouus peeps, are a dragg 
awwwwwww starbucks sound sooo gooood 
no pork intestine at irvine guppy? 
finally home! no kiki wasnt jealous  lol its still cold
@brandamc mmm chocolate!!! damn even when im sick i still wanna eat it   I think i should try n go back to sleep for awhile..lol
@mrsturm her muffin is her cha-cha @nalem all carrots taste funny  @Skraggyman that 'coon was the reaper  I'm sorrryyy
oh, i can't believe i ate that extra square of cake at that dinner function. my hips don't need the insulation 
mcdonalds run because bonnie and carol failed to bring me food 
 Ngidem cinnamon roll+hot choco.
swishy the fishy lives no longer 
headache headache...  oj  well hopefully it will go away soon.
@ryanr14 i tried callin ya! but again no answer  waffles and tea are not in my future.
hella misz watchin chowder!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &amp;all my other shooowz 
@_sanghera we stopped at mcdonalds I was super thirsty! 
@joek949 lol i forgot to post up my cheesy song! 
@babydoll20 #drool i miss pad thai, havent had it in years.... my gf is allergic to nuts, so thai food out of the question 
@KeYaB00 a cheesecake sounds so damn good. maybe i'll buy a yogurt and pretend it's cheescake? 
@lil_ms_minty  just got a migraine 
those mean onions made ando cry 
white choc muffin FAIL  they fell apart
i got ramen cup of noodle on my brand new playboy bunny sheets  theyre satin- so badass
http://twitpic.com/7p1sk Just got home from my moms for dinner and Mmm Mmm Mmm it was delious. But the salt swelled up my ankles 
gah gym in the mornin, and i want rice right now 
Now thanks to @nety5 and @phoboy86 ima dream of fries from in n out 
mmmm pizza - I burnt myself getting it out the oven  that would be what i call one of my joe moments :/ @TamboManJoe
grr just lost out on a gorge lipsy dress 
Poos and wees and cheddar cheese, this isnt working 
It smells like my neighbors are cooking chitlins  http://tinyurl.com/o5vsbl
oh crap!!! I just sat on my ham sandwich and now i have got butter all over my ass 
mmmmm twizzlers ,  this is way to early for me 
Now my baby C.J have 2 eat school breakfast cause dem m fers got all da damn bagels 
@moomimmel oh don't torture me! I have the clotted cream, the jam but no scones 
I'm bad - panini and chips for lunch. And another lil cake  Another half litre of water tho!
@JOEsus i was expecting mocha or vanilla  oh well works too )))
rubbish mood  glad to be home though and just snacked on super noodles. yum yum.
darting this strawberry lookin ass yogurt. fina go to school  | bexxx?
this tea is makin me sleepy......not a good look...i wonder if my sweetie got out the field early...prolly not 
Mmm... im in the mood to dance around in the rain, but its too cold and wet. 
uugh jam segini Manjabal udah tutup???how come?? Pdhl pingin banget tahu goreng &amp; jambal rotinya   http://myloc.me/4hvR
@hollydale it's the tabasco at seven that would bother me!  
on my mellow shit today... need food but have too much work to do and its raining..  oo and what i would do for some coffee right now! lol
I'm sure jim will have the best breakfast at another broken egg in destin 
just had bread from bread talk and coke for dinner.. so full of glucose, carbo n no fibre.. ha.. soooo unhealthy. 
This diet is killing me!! But I determined to loose the extra baggage before I start working out again!!! Mmmmm carrots! 
i thought liams new clothes label was gonna be cool, looks pretty cheap never mind pretty greens, pure butters 
@mmm_gash yep you just ask,, i didnt get one 
Mmm... I am indeed a twit 
I've just tasted the worst dipping sauce ever at casa. Ekkkkkkkkkk!!!!  
can't make a smoothie.   fuckin blender won't work.
my fish jus died.... 
@danielleovision gawd its quiet over here... Mmm cracker barrel... Aw kyle misses you 
burnt my finger cooking the tea last night!  spag bol was amazing tho!!!
lunch was bfast but the shit was good as hell!!! eggs turkeg bacon and wheat toast w/ orange.... man i dont wanna go to class 
Its raining here....wish i cud hve smething really spicy tonyt....bt guess, need to settle wth gujju sweet dish which bai made 
@kiki_huggles i wana go back to london tooooooooo 
im making mixed fruits pudding and i failed miserably...  im never destined to make puddings. 
reading the sugar mag that came through  my door vanessa is on it 
wtf my doggie jus wokeupp barkin odee ; i think she had a bad dream 
Mmmm its going to be 10 and had not had breakfast  I am starving maybe coffe will keep me till lunch time
i can't resist the smell of cuddles and clinton. 
These gummy worms suck  damn you king henry
My french toast is gooey 
the kitties got scared of the vacuum and this is how i found them   http://sml.vg/fP4lrq
@pf3 mmmm smoked salmon is very delicious in sushi rolls or by itself...I miss salmon jerkey from trader joes 
umm .... hoping that someone took my veal breast out of the oven last night 
 No fair...can't I have abit of curry?
@CaseysLife oooh don't tease me baby! That's like talking dirty to me. LoL I want yummy churrasco and montaditas!!! 
Watching the play atm. Veryvery nippy noodles 
In boring algebra, just spilled a glow stick, and i got some all over mey back pack haha ewwwww gross  mmm well shits getting heavy.!!&lt;333
Ranch chips n pepsi  maybe a sandwish
Is there anything worse than sherbet cocktails that someone forgot the sherbet? I'm very disappointed! 
@AOutrageous ewwww there cheese makes me feel like i'm pregnant. LOL like it makes me nauseous  but there salads are my fav
@galactik3 I'm hungry too  I want a bowl hella bad
Eatingg mac &amp; cheese.. I burnt my finger! 
Mmm  I miss you. I wish I could talk to you right now.
somebody ate all the fruit and m&amp;ms out of the trail mix  stupid kelsey
im stuffed..spagetti and meat balls...i ate too much 
@donnie7 wanna go swimmin too! I actually held on to your cupcake lol the child ate it like yesterday 
my hair smells like fruity goodness! i could just eat it up! *nom nom nom* blegh!! doesn't taste as good as it smells... 
@peanut2468 that sux 
am running out of orange juice :s - worse than having nee pot this 
i can survive on donoughts and moutain dew but im dissapoited theres no penute butter 
eating.. pizza, reading about jon and kate's problems 
hmmmm i totally forgot i have to wash some dishes eeeeek 
Mmmm couldn't be brought to get the shoes. I saw some hot pink sandals that seemed more fun. Not in my size though  next time! #fb
@Snyper11 Mmmm......cookie! I neede the tea to relax, we played ultimate frisbie tonight it was crazy &amp; I broke my shoe 
@hannarnia mmmm popcorn. i have now got a craving which can't be fulfilled tonight. ill? sorry to hear dude 
@heyk8ty its some wierd type of granola bar. weight watchers food. 
i almost chocked on a pice of that cake, i suppose thats karma 
@Duhz10 mmm tuna. Thats my favorite but I stopped eating it a year ago because it has 530 calories and 31 grams of fat for just 6 inches 
o cheetos cheetos cheetos!!!   packing some things and headed home......gonna have to be without kitty and apollo till this blows over....
Its no fun being a smoker with no smokes  Might try sleeping, cant crave if I aint awake LOL
lkhad my first starbucks today - caramel frappuccino; absolutely loved it. letterkenny needs to get a starbucks. closest one is in derry 
had my first starbucks today - caramel frappuccino; absolutely loved it. letterkenny needs to get a starbucks. closest one is in derry 
@muSicFienDkiCks LOL  thats good . I would say yum but I dont eat pork 
@nickantonio pardon? No guinness? I may no longer be motivated to venture to the mound 
hibachi yesterday for lunch, and today i had hawaiian bbq chicken pizza. mmmm i really need to eat better. but its sooo gooddd  haha out.
@felixthecat12b that makes me sad. just like how aag kicking over a mex. fruit stand makes me sad.  is she ok? what happened to her ride?
tsk tsk i burnt some food 
The heat is makin me b in a pissy mood!  maybe some wine will help. Gggggggg
@chrisappeal I love ketchup crisps! One of my favs after prawn cocktail! mmm .. you got me craving now 
fucking cocks..i want sushi 
@_MeganAlyse   you still lovin my toast secret huh?
also $3 pinot grigio is NOT good.  but still gets you drunk. 
im craving sea weed salad... 
is eating cold soup cuz the microwave doesn't work 
@KarenAlloy fuck sakes you tweet tooooo much. i un-followed 
I could go for a pazzone from pizza hut. Mmm. But I'd probably puke it up. 
lol i just tried to force cookies down my sis @donnavo throat. i'm tryna take her down with me...not working! 
going to da store 4 da bestie to get her soup. she's sicky 
I couldn't find any salted popcorn   I settled for hot ready brek.
Mosquitoes are the devil's spawn. I hate them!  http://tumblr.com/xsm234aki
making chicken adobo...doesnt taste the same as my mom's tho  but it'll have to do
i'm such a fatass, &amp; i know this too, which is why i'm currently eating ricecakes rather then deep frying frys like i want 
@w4y2n1rv4n4 sorry you didn't get any cupcakes and stuffs 
Finished the good-bye dinner for my mgr who I didn't really get along with..,but realized I just might miss a lil bid!  
ik that joke didnt have enuf bananas but it was to long to put 
i miss 24 hour tesco - i would have totally gone on an icecream run about now 
I want a caramel frap from starbucks 
Never got watermelon delivered to me in bed.  shitty service
@bn1511 yeah it looked good but it was too spicy 
mmmm twitterfox no anda 
the tornado's gunna eat me  save meeeeeee
i just figured it out, im detoxing from coke.  i could totally use a cherry coke right now but we are out.
Mmmm not enough Carrol for everyone. All I want is one, but I don't know which one I want. 
@jojo_the_brat     i missed it.  crieesssss
watching conan, I need to lose fat off my rear end  trying so hard to not stuff my face with yummy tostino's pizza
@mmm1419  didn't make it to the concert?  tried to get into pinch but apparently missed free cover by 1/2 hour    u should come next thurs
@kanye_yeezy_jr where's my milkshakes?  
is watching the last temptation of christ, drinking sangria, and is very all by myself. 
is watching the last temptation of christ, drinking sangria, and is all by myself. 
saw N95 masks in my pharmacy for rm8 a piece. mmm. lifesaver in bkk? but it's so fugly 
@djthumbprint short rib/spicy pork? fack...I still havent had! 
mummy's fren gave us some durians ytd... so tempting leh but cant eat too much cos haven totally recovered.... haizzz 
@elm8 potato champion...om nom nom...sir says i can't have any tonight, used up fries allotment till july. 
If u kno me u kno food cant get spicy enuf 4 me...While dishing sytycd w/ @sarahlj13 ate whole jar of peppercinis... That can't end well 
wishes she had a bacon sarnie not cereal for breakfast  http://plurk.com/p/1230ha
@DaleChumbley yeah, but there was no blueberry tonight.  We did see a certain couple try coconut cream pie though. It looked yummy.
@VivaLovECobra luv u. No longer vegetarian, can't afford it 
@TutyFruitty you very morbid leh.. eaten your briyani liao or not? haha! I had vietnamese today unfortunately. 
today school.... meh. mmm i got a free slurpee t-shirt... but the raspberry t-shirt stained my hand red.... 
mmm...blueberry pancakes sound yummy right now. but its time to sleep gotta get up early tomorrow morning. so no blueberry pancakes 
spicy korean  bbq + beer =       ps   pooping now.
i think i just died a little inside as they have stoped making tower burgers at my local kfc  whateva will we do now @shaundiviney?
@in_reverie hahaha! i asked him how his poo was and he said a 6 and explained the scale! didn't take ginger nuts, they suck without tea 
The lomo saltado in my fridge is calling my name...but it's too late to eat! 
@sara_ oh, that is most definitely true! ...but I have no coffee maker 
disappointed because all the marshmallows in the swiss miss that her officemate gave to her melted.  http://plurk.com/p/123st4
mmmm, i want pokemon platnum 
@colby0x  not for meee sister
@velvetTongue i know but papa johns sounds soo good  i just ate a little bit of pasta instead
Aww shucks, kernel update. There goes my uptime... 
i really want a bacon sandwich but i dont think i should have one  xo
damn i just dropped my fone in apple sauce.  even thou its tasty i dnt want my fone coverd in it.
@jedfitch ohh it was 3.0 that killed mine  it's the apple curse again 
hmmm, maybe a breakfast sandwich and hashbrown sticks wasn't a good idea at 10:30 at night 
@genzaichi @ianrdexter i wish brum had a ruddy felafel scene 
@kim_pie they were like 5 years old 
aku mau chocolate truffles from rbc. too bad, centrepoint tutup. 
TMI: I really need to go brush my teeth. Mmm, vomit 
I can't believe I'm in mcdonalds with a salad...I want some fries now 
back from the airport! so sad though i will miss my kani soooo much!! i hope i see her in ausyland 
I want my lomo lca back  *sob*
mmm, lunch, now thats an idea... shame cupboards are bare 
stupid churros stand! there's no seller! so now i have to buy at auntie anne's 
Today I had that yucky worming paste shoved down my puddy tat throat  yuck!! I want my mum to try some and see what she thinks!!
My tea from chick-fil-a tastes like straight up chlorine. Not happy 
naughty...just got offered 2 slices of pizza...oops i ate them 
@adamsmith_3 oohhh suck me junk, you! ps, we shall get goul tomorrow.. i failed my diet.  hah!
@pkusnady gw udh makan cornflakes, popcorn, pasta, and ice creammm  isoke lah lin bali udh lewat yay
 stupid flu betta be better by 2moro so i can go to the portnoo festival 8) shuld b fun i mean everyones going Lol
I went to mcdonalds cause i am well fat 
@aegelsburgh I normaly like ham and cheese aswell 
catching up on masterchef. can't believe i missed it tonight 
chatting it up with schnurgle bunny before i gotta do chores 
feel like eating icecream.. I miss gng out..  - http://tweet.sg
@pixiefae  no cute gurleh to talk to.. least i have my chicken burger with caulslaw now
no swimming for me  got a clogged nose oh well pizza nalang! ayos!
@ sleepyqueen : my dinner... ikea meatball n chicken wings &amp; my ang mo cafe... i hafen eat yet  didnt find n meet me de 
o geez..i hate when i can't talk !  i feel like eating mac&amp;cheese and coldstone!
@xwheneverx craving for daidomon, crabs, buffets, yum cha. EVERYTHING. 
mopping up human waste (not mine) and remembering past glories. I've been Creme Brulee'd again. 
just came back from a very disappointing supper  no tau huay,no sesame paste 
mommy u're soo cruel.. why'd u gave me a really delicious almond pie for midnight snack.. 
making noodles but idk mum told me too 
Mmmm my victoria sponge cake n scones i baked looked n smelled delicious! i wana scoff em all but they aint 4 me 
hahah i still want my sushi dammit 
&amp; in need of a bowl of pho tai. baaaaddddd 
eww paper round 
@brandy_xo yikes! 
@devon_moos awww   that stinks.  keep looking!
so many channels ..... So little on!grrr wats the world cumin 2 
im havin a huge craving for donuts!!! but im broke 
@sunflower_seeds duuuude i want japanese  that reminds me, me and mel went out for sushi when me and you weren't talking and it had th ...
missed come dine with meee 
Just spilled my menudo all over my desk!!! fuck! thats what i get for trying to take 2 lunches. 
Mmm blythevile sucks, they dont sell iphones 
@BichaMasiza you speaking in a different language LOL ...but there so yummy n i cant get it anywhere 
what happened to twizzlers twerps??  I can't find them anywhere
http://twitpic.com/7tvgl the sandwhich @jennny0601 and @hellagizz didn't bring me 
going to read huck finnn 
@DREDAY88 I make booomb nutella crepes from scratch! but I'm eating out n took the nutella out my purse yesterday   lmao
so i went in my fridge for some icecream, &amp; there was none there  greedy bastards in my house musta ate it all.
burnt her finger over an hour ago and it is still burnt to a crisp! ive had it a bag of peas for ages and its still burning boooooooooooo 
does this mean I don't get a visit from mister lollipop? but....but... I ate my pees 
eatin a bowl of fruit and watch a movie relaxin tired and sore 
Ginger Ale &amp; Saltines. Oh, how I hate being sick 
@showtimeBDR damn no taters for you 
ahh I accidentally cooked the yolks too long so they aren't runny  dammit!
oreo ran away from me 
@riversideboy no!!!!! i feel so bad for poor wee cairon 
My magic bag is mia, so frozen veggies for my rotator cuff. I'm thinking it's a tear. If it's still bad tomorrow, hospital probably 
@tinymicroserf I want some coco pops 
@msbrowns0  sorry to hear that..stay away from starches ( creats mucus in tha body) and stack up on ur gren veggies... And some echinacea
not feeling well  eating lots of soup and crackers that my dad brought me. gotta love that he still comes and takes care of me
viendo el twitteo d trent q tan abandonada me tenia  just finished the cake (tiramisu)... creo quedo bueno!!
@MarcoZehe - virtual machines and audio? Yech. I've never been successful getting them to play well together. 
@thewhitemage Mmmm - soup sounds lovely  So much nicer in theory though when it is this hot X( over 100f again today 
@MamsTaylor eugh im not like sushi I hate dead fish  x
Would love some gallo pinto and carne asada! 
brb dishes!!!  eeeeeeeewwwwwwww
lost a bet with andrew so I have to pay for my own mani pedi  damnit haha
I'm going back to bed. I feel like complete... poo... 
nothing better for dinner than a pizza and a guinness. i just miss sooo much my beloved girlfriend 
eating chocolate cuz i'm really sad 
@OMGWTFFTL  then i'd suggest a #2 from taco bell or a #7 from bk
Watching skins &amp; eating toast...lonely 
ilyy 2 angg...carlies partyy tommorroww thenn bbq on sundayy...thenn i guess byee byyee jerseeyy 
sickk night!! ice coffee= yum!!! but im like allergic to the sum and i look disgusting, i also have 8 blisters on my left foot. ouch 
@give_me_a_latte no breakfast!?!  sad panda! I'm gonna read your post as soon as i can
The indo chinese was a success! The wine not so much 
@BethanyAnn614 yeah well..those brats of mine used all the oil...used butter, that doesn't work. 
@Shaelen and maybe i'll have to guts to chat up my next hot waiter MAYBE. bebe enzo was crying when we left  i felt so bad.
@lilaznangel16 ehh...I'll be fine...*glares at bottle of vodka* you are evil evil &amp; oooh larissa is here! heh...she's laughing at me 
 babby i miss you
mmm, bye vacation 
Ugh, I eated too many spaghettis 
@selphiebooyaka make me a sandwich too plz 
just got back from jumbo scrumbo mumbo. they didnt have any pans labyrinths left  but i got ouran and david bowie labyrinth!
Is sad she forgot to pay the latina pizza lady...were sposed to be close 
@_dulce_ youtube lol where else...we have no cable 
just had yummy mocha latte with @claursr nervous for audition tom  sorry for making you nervous again, clau.
had two chicken tostadas...shoulda just had one 
hahaha just got home and found out that tequila se comio a bacardi y dejo a michelada solita 
I lost by 38 seconds cause i have to be a freak and put tomato on my sandwich.  oh and this is the worst... http://tumblr.com/x5i23i4bj
ugh...damn you dunkin' donuts! why must you tease me  with your delicious advertising when you are not here in colorado? poo on you! 
@frankenstein_23 lol actually i hate that.. kuz then i wouldnt know wut to watch  lol
@missbenilda damn that looks delish! :p it sure beats my ham and cheese sammich  lol
@litford @hedirman tar-paoed macs for lunch from toa payoh yesterday, and the lil chilli packets we got were not garlic chilli 
I cant taste any thing. the sweet the sour and the salty. sedeh nya aku. 
i miss aileen and eddie my anaheim lovers 
I am chilling in front of mario's italian lemonade...they are closed  http://myloc.me/4AN9
@PhillipQuin i want mint chocolate biscuits  my fave ( vegan tim tams are ok, but no mint ones.
@iammikos I didn't even have my special concoction tonight.. I had to settle for taaka and oj/sprite. 
@yajith http://twitpic.com/7vr9e - What is the name of the pizza? And #$%^&amp;*((%$%$^&amp;*(*&amp;^% I'm hungry tooo 
was hungry but had nothing in the fridge but caesar salad. How unsatisfying 
After a night of chomp chomp supper and rocher beancurd, im having sore throat!  - http://tweet.sg
this cab is too light and watery. i think thats why i dont really like cab.  i prefer some gusto in my vino
Is awake and hung over again got banana in my bed moaning cos she has a cold 
@traviesa_ina nice! I wanna go to walmart...I have a sudden urge for a sandwhich...and we have no bread 
nice! I wanna go to walmart...I have a sudden urge for a sandwich...and we have no bread 
@traviesa_ina nice! I wanna go to walmart...I have a sudden urge for a sandwhich...and we have no bread 
I want coke!  http://tumblr.com/xc623kgik
i wanna try eating at that vegan resto. still sad mom disagrees with me going vegan 
mmmm eating maltesers, i love hem aww the packets nearly empty  haha
mm early mornings, bacon sarnie and i think i'll dye my hair tonight, its my birthday on monday, and im doing fuck all 
bleh bleh too much sugar in my tea 
Mmmm, the latest narutot so manga:not so gud, and i can't evn enjoy the anime anymore cuz i already read the manga 
@clarisseee i am so jealous...i'm guess i'm stuck with my shitty toasted sandwhich 
i am so jealous...i'm guess i'm stuck with my shitty toasted sandwich 
@clarisseee  i am so jealous...i'm guess i'm stuck with my shitty toasted sandwich 
@christyspanties Shucks.,  I missed it and I'd gone $179 
I feel sick from my sandwhich 
was not able to satisfy her hot pot craving today  http://plurk.com/p/12er78
@gabebondoc but gabegabegabe, when are you playing here in the philippines?! we need some of your sweet bondoc boomage  fahreals
@sethu_j oh no  throw naan breads at him
@KarenCampbell yep, and they haven't brought it back yet either! poor wee defie 
terminator + too many mexican cashews = major headache 
@hazelyy nooo  masterchef just became dull.. dowan to watch already lah!! haha
portobello road and wimbledon for a bbq 
Tweets talk about sushi tei so much  me can't eat raw salmon, yet grrr grrr  ol fashioned doc!
can't stop eating mini oreos 
@MickDeth europe = no taco bell = no bueno 
Gasps! The audacity of it! The menu here isn't the same as in mandarin garden. There's no salted fish fried rice  - http://tweet.sg
@sicop Mmmmm BK... im having reheated sausage sambo 
i ate a sandwhich and it tastes do good i want some more  aww lol
about to go pick up some yummy thai takeaway...but b prepared for a nite of bad vibes from x who failed to hook up nite out 
 eating my last wizz fizz
@masonicboomk8 its my fav home frm wrk drink. very sweet. i luv camomile with added manuka honey and white tea. ive nvr been to london 
This sucks. I'm still in pain, and now I feel like I'm gonna toss my cookies 
@teamellyn it's okay i ate an entire box of tv snacks after having maccas for tea  TOOT TOOT heart problems hear i come!
waterrrrr. mmmmm, i want coffeeeee!!!  starbucks anyone??
@thelonefoodie @chocolatesuze and these are my favorite biscotti - all gone too..  http://twitpic.com/7wb5f
eating potato chips while drinking root beer. alone. but my maid is beside me but i feel like im alone. like no one to talk too 
@hakeem aku mau cheesy wedges wah  and also burger. any burger lah
I just found my mobile sitting in what looks like graham cracker dust.  so weird. Why didn't anyone gimmie a cracker?
i want some chipotle but atl is so faaaar away 
hmm. kinda disappointed  feeling rather lefted out. but dats ok. im running on a million cups of coffee and gilmore girls yay
needs dad's chocolate  as if i left it in freddie's fridge LOL
@mileycyrus is this the last season of hannah montana?!?!?!  i just saw it on the soup and was curious
The restraunt I wanted to go to is closed. boo 
#brum09 afternoon tea - cookies are a bit stale  #ri09con
yuck hung overrrrrrrrrrrr hard core to  the max 
my mom made french toast....and didn't save me any 
having pancakes in sweetiepie-wana go explore greenwich village but its raining 
planned a garagesale and now its raining and everyones up early  so were all going to breakfast together. making lemonade out of lemons!
raleigh to see butters! &amp; ginas going away party 
i had a yummy sandwich from panera but now my breath smells oniony 
@mz_icandy you called my nuggets nubs? You're so mean!  waaaa waaa *crying*
danggg.... i just realized all my bowls are in the dishwasher, f*ck! mannn.. how am i gonna eat my cereal now 
gotta find food. my tummy is growling 
This coffee is too hot! Its burnin mah mouf n shit.  and these dogs wont leave me alone!
i wish we had cracker barrell 
@Itsdeniss: i know i said it in a sarcastic tone! I miss you on sundays! No more yum yums with you 
Just had tacos for the first time mmmm distinctly average  need mikado chocolate sticks now x x
@dinnerdiary @beckayork  It's for quick &amp; healthy flapjacks. I'm going to experiment to try and solve the prob. 
We just started having our bbq and it started raining  lol
At chiquito's never been before and dunno wat to have :/ want a cocktail but can't as I'm driving 
@jamespham6 @advan7 @mikebxreign woops on the marinara  sorrrryyyyyyyyyyyy
@Tejizlyke i jus wish my throat would stop hurting  im sick of drinkin tea and poppin pills
@tdrury Aww sweetie *huggies*  Never mind, it'll be on iplayer later, won't it?
Munching a kit kat chunky, they seem to be getting smaller everytime I buy one!  #creditcrunch (via @drunkenmonkey87)
I think I'm gettin sickie poo 
@ohmymandy haha, i think so aswell! i would so have been better having joe throw his popcorn on me  well hopefully in november....
@jessicalynn724 I'm so jealous! I woulkd love to get a mani/pedi right now. Its been at least a year since my last one. 
@gaksdesigns blehh.. i doh like corn beef at all! n ne time u eat.. is always rice so??   you eh get bak 2 ur pc yet??
But the poor fishies are thirsty 
@babyface_GM Mmm, sounds much better then the salad I am eating right now 
found a huge spider on my milk carton yesterday and I'm still afraid of opening the fridge  this is so embarrassing &gt;.&lt;&quot;
@PookeyMalibu I know right! Lol....I feel like a lil kid who drank too much juice 
Wants to be at the party wit sammie and heather! 
hubby let me have a sip of his wine tonight. It was so delicious. Torturous... damn... 
Mmm headache 
kilkenny came back to win!!  eating  toast and talking to erin my cuz...wer tight..=]
@iLiammm I think im gunna, I want egg yolk though 
@porky__ same  where are you seeing them?
onoes!  been almost sat on my choc!  is all melty and marked my trousers 
just got back from starbucks &amp; now I'm babysitting. no salsa dancing for me 
@txnewsprincess Mmmmm .... I've got brownies to make myself, but keep putting it off b/c its not for me 
Headed to smiths to grocery shop  poo
@sunkast Mmmm indeed. If I don't finish up work here soon I'll miss dinnah out with the wife... 
sierra mist, cheetos and grandma's mini sandwich vanilla cremes. can't move my mouth 
So now im sitting at tempe marketplace with alejandraband gilbert &amp; they're not talking about me. just tweeting stuff about me 
@prettygypsy2007 awww, huggles to the widdle piggie 
@jamiemcflyx tom looked SO cute when he was like &quot;smarties hurt  can we throw soft sweets&quot; haha bless him!
Mmm...tortuga rum and coke!! I'm gettin fucked..not literally 
@ddlovato tom won't burn your donut 
i hate going to bbq's and not being able to eat much cuz i dont eat meat, only salad for me 
@katdumlao hookah without meee? 
my 'effing pepsi is gone  how depressing.
@Kaitikins Thanks so much. Normally they're my first stop but I'm a bit far from the nearest one  and I could go for an asiago bagel!
whew!!! just finished washing tons of dishes!!!! wh0a!!!!! apol is exhausted... 
Leaving the crawfish boil...missing my peeps already 
Mmmm. Fancy dinner @ chicfila. Now off to napfest 2009. I hate being sick. 
@r0ff  she didn't go eat burgers with u?
Eating chinese food :T mmm it's good annddd looking thru PIXIV *____* I wish I was inspired to draw 
Thinking if I really want to eat some oreos 
At the cheese cake factory  im about to get fatter
I totally wish I was watching dane cook right now 
made my damn gum bleed with a tortilla chip.  ouch.
@hollykatie send me kfc? they dont sell it here 
@valedc buu que garron, tomate un vaso de leche @fernando_fa with a beatifull glass of soda... don't have any quilmenean beer round here 
lol, i burnt my tongue yesterdayyy ... &amp; thats what i get for stealing chips 
@SUPREMESMITH too bad starbucks coffee tastes like ass   dunkin donuts on the other hand shoud be free w/ their styrofoam nongreen selves
Listening to music and trying to figure out whats for dinner. Either pizza or chinese I can't decide!!! And I still want a macbook pro! 
tbs without the four 
Cuh I'm wet and bmz is seasoning bacon lemme know of u herd of it? And of 8pm hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm might be fandango'n me 
isnt that interest in the dessert menu nemore, wot is wrong wiv me? 
im so gonna regret eating this slice of chocolate cake 
@andyscandies I was out on thursday and u didn't dance with meeeee  i'm takin salsa lessons soon so watch outtttttt lol
Yay! we won yay! but we lost the cup  sooo bitter sweet....
@anaggh btw I m quitting daru soon  where my margarita?
I'm watching 21 grams....waiting for this kush to be rolled...unfortunately there's less than 21 grams of that. 
i want some warm chocolate chip cookies...  gotta tell mi madre.
wishing i went to see sammie todae!!! 
damn u dem dum ramen noodles are my thing  and ryan makes people cry
@glenmaddern no, i got it at the apple store in doncaster. holy shit, do you mean to say you lost yours? spewing 
Just had mexican mmmmm not so good for the diet though 
had no clue that jello wasn't vegeterian  
@joanneyong i have no clue  it's crushed tapioca leaves, uber yummy hehe. addicted to the stuff, omg. so annoying 
so i ran out of superman icecream 
sittin here with the bestie eatin a pop tart but need some milk.... 
@mallory0905 i guess you never got that tomato sandwich, cheetos and coke you were raving about, considering yall were out of maters... 
@skyllo lmfao bb it's because you are an apple fan 
mmmmm is it mean 
@henryj73 too bad about dnf.  next time! fun scene, tho! yummy strawberries too.
@ashleymelchert Haha cool beans! I wish we could be together... akkkkk why haven't they invented teleporting! booooo 
@irishhitman67 aww. poor coley. 
On a yogurt adventure with beth...this sucks 
argh! hafg a bad stomach upset. Jz thot of cookg a maggie, curry flavour ltr. 
@haikugirlOz doh!!! I am going to have to leave house for my choc fix 
My mum just bought a pack of 30 dollar sweets that taste so bad i had to go to the toilet to spit it out  - http://tweet.sg
@charley_bum Just coz you're hungry!! you didnt have to eat my cake!! 
@starvingartist1 :/ i thought I was ur honey dip...  lol jk
aawww my sammich is all gone 
watching the dishes  at least theres not that many
eww I've got trash juice on me! 
@thonynyc hahah it was her fault. ugh. so sad  rip mcdonalds medium coke drink.
@j_sosa30 it definitely isn't:!  how come you guys left so early ? well not early but you know what i mean
omg chocolate lava cake @ del frisco's is the bizness! not a good post-workout meal tho  http://twitpic.com/7zjqp
im in a diet now but i still eat sweets. 
last lunch with the honkies!  yum cha was fun anyways... going to study again...
just realise there isn't anymore dog food for kiki and max 
i want to finish the rest of grease  booo
@relynfab haha thank youu! i will be watching you eatin ur burger from my   awesome location. so sleepy lah! 
couldnt go woolies to buy nutri grain cos got banned 
copper beech wit @princessryry77 in my bra &amp; panties... den went lookin for food but to no avil... no 24 hr wal-mart or bi-lo 
im hungry... fancy a wee peice n egg, but ive no bread... 
Lol uhm brownies! I kant hve chocolate tho 
im hungry is ok if i eat jicama? haha with salsa and  spicy? jaja is late but i really wanna eat that 
mmm gimics r really annoying. there is always a catch 
The average chocolate bar has over 8 insect legs in it... yum 
errr yukky!! 2 degrees is forecast for 2moro morning!! 
sitting in the gorgeous beijing sun with unlimited gin &amp; tonics for Y50. i'm going to miss this when i go to sydney 
@Galiiit pls send me peanut butter cups, ty. hahah  it's been too long since i had peanut butter cups!   
@jennday oh baby  i hope those brownies have medicinal ingredients to help with the pain ;) I am ok, about to go and meet my sis for lunch
packing, not going so good. ie not even started and I need so much stuff. and i have zambucca after taste 
i finished my fanta 
going to a bloody bbq its going to be so borin 
missed most of masterchef   wonder how poh would have done??
yummy full welsh brekky now to do the washin up soo not fair 
@rosiegarland no dumpling pics.  you didn't eat many because you were afraid of the charlottes. and @philwrighthouse DUMPLINGS DUMPLINGS!!
@mmm_gash no i dont  it was very sad.
You look so gorgeous.i like the golden brown.thx neaf!!!but i don't like it.i look like a carrot 
@remysummer awww lucky for the bbq 
point bk....mcdicks starting serving breakfast at 4:59 this morning and i was in the mood for a bacon cheeseburger  boooo. still fast tho!
and my hunny is off to work. 
@dianachua aw why zzz? I havent even tried krispy kreme yet! 
had a strange dream about brad pitt and my grandma. xD had salmon and rice  for lunch. want strawberries. 
tryin to breathe... can't smell the food.. 
just had a bbq, i am sooooo full. shoodnt have eaten that last piece of cheesekake i dont fink  !!!
at airport,waiting for my bro's departure while my sister eat a bunch fried crabs with tofu.but i'm not!poor mee 
gots the munchies for doritoessss. but none in the cupboard  it's sad. hm thinking what movie i should watch
off to fetch bro and go mamak stall supper again  healthy plan backfired. shit!
@aep16 I know  We're having some fail frozen french toast.
yup yup see why i need those pop tarts now  a poptart and coffee at 2am = magic
mister lacey is asleep next to me and i want a cheesebuger 
Mmmm, fruit salad. I don't like watermelon much any more though. 
I'm in panic .. my stupid brain... mmmm 
@peekandsneak what is that?) mmm it didn't open 
@Trizzil where's my pumpkin at???  uve been neglectin me!
I made breakfast 4 da family &amp; it looks/smells delicious, but I just can't get into eatin somethin so heavy right now. 
@kitpatlecter save meee some  or make some more of your speciality millionaire shortbread.
@Jmanley209 so sad I was not taking a pic of the soup becuz it was embarrassing 
Mmmmm applebee's, this reminds me of september 5, 2008  http://twitpic.com/849qr
I want pizza sooooo much!!! I had to go to my sis's moving on ceremony didn't I!!!! The stupid video had pizza....... 
sez 100 degrees right now on my cheap thermo. 
really broke - need wonga 
@swaggnificent92 aint that hella nasty...ugh..and I really was looking forward to getting my veggie sandwich from there! 
No more pwnage pineapples  that's that pun gone then
Mmm I've got the burps. Is this what acid reflux feels like? 
meatloaf got literal videoed, and it is good. http://ow.ly/fzuD I want a mattress made of gypsy sluts 
Is thinking about bed... soup and pink fizzy stuff just doen't mix well 
Mmmm tiramisu. I wish i was at the beach  i can haz college?
somebody in my office ate my yummy fuji apple 
dang,,i gotta wash the dishes tonight 
My manager just said she's gonna go chunky dunkin instead of skinny dippin 
@ChanelBlueSatin oh no!  gargle with salt water! it's gross but it works!!
my foot is killing mee! I cut it open with the bed while I was making it this afternoon  but I'm gonna bake a cake so its all goood
@sarahtymeson yummy, except I am allergic 
taco night..ruined once again  I'll settle for pizza though. doubt I could even eat it. my mouth needs to get better asap!
does notttt think the sushi in japan tastes very good  but is excited for fireworkksss
ruben drank all my lemonade 
@Heatherlyb right now. It smells yummy. But now it's storming out. 
@iSUCK mmm, 27 sneezes  ahhh i love spring!
forgot to bring her snack to her bobo's maison  darn it!
@AdamJonesey mmm id love some parma violets right now! lol no not yet...need to sort out my h/d first  theres no room for anything!
fml, when i spill a vanilla bean frap all over me then drop a whip cream on my foot. blah 
@coco_the_ninja nooooo 
My 10yo doggie just got put down 
drinking a delicious spice chai latte and watching jon and kate plus 8 get a divorce 
omg soooo hungry. these commercials are like torture right now. I've had a grand total of a choc milkshake and a yogurt in 24 hrs  #jk8
@nickdaigle: I don't have oreos  I do have butter pecan icecream &amp; rocky road tho
was in the middle of her yummy pan de sal and coffee breakfast when she realized she was late for her meeting. I want my pan de sal 
Houstons dint hav ma peel n eat shrimp 
@anirvanghosh lol y do u wana go for a kashmiri weddin?the foods so heavy tat i put on weight in 5days  yeah shonali n paromita were wd me
@tommcfly Jealous!  im stuck in my roasting hot office  have a shandy for me! 
@raelsea mmm that could make him crumble 
yuck, cold tea  #fb
I'm thinkin crab legs 4 lunch... that sounds like a winner doesn't it? A slurpee with that would be great. No 7-eleven in walkin distance 
@_dirtytalk_ lmao dang!! All I ordered was pancakes 
Chickenwing &amp; satay overload --&gt; tons of fats 
@beastorm ugh you make me jealous...carb cutting diet here for a shoot  but thx for sharing lol
*sigh* no more blue-berry cheesecake  ohh well, good thing there's still blue-berry pancake
@aikku Mouth orgasm? Mmm I wish I could have some coffee 
@jlbeat Mmm coffee...  that sounds really good right now.  I packed until about 2...  and woke up at 8 and couldn't sleep anymore...  
@trentonlee im craving chicken e/jack in the box/that taco place...i want texas...miss it 
Not feeling too great at the minute......sicky tum!! 
hmmmmm, the pasta been so good 
So i feel like dook. So sorry @loriwarren 
Doing French hmw got a speakin test 2mozz 
@roni_ka good luck, i lost 7 lbs, and i have 18 more to go, but me body doesn't want anymores 
I want teppanyaki filet mignon for lunch...not gonna happen tho 
damnit! i missed the breakfast burritos 
Swears to never get immobily(i like the word) fat. i'm 8 ft from the fat, stinky lady in waiting rom &amp; tummy is churning  fight the folds!
@jazzosospecial ohhh you're killing me..sounds so good! I just had...a salad 
@strawberry522 aw, that bums me out too.   2 nice celebs with madison/wisconsin ties.  
I'm a suck vegetarian. I can't eat a thick piece of tofu without gagging. 
gah i dont like having to clean the fish out  they're not even my bloody fish! D:
2mileycyrus my chicken miley died yesterday  even though its just i chicken i really miss her and how is your ear are you ok now?
I'm so hungry but I can't leave the office b/c I'm alone  All thats left in the company fridge is hamburger buns and cheese slices...
Just made some amazing pasta &amp; pesto! Now I gotta take a test and read 
@lovebscott I know, right! This love muffin is being lazy!!  turning into a love danish.
@mileycyrus my chicken miley died yesterday  even though its just i chicken i really miss her and how is your ear are you ok now?
@baileyschneider: awwwwwwwww that sounds so amazing - my sister can't even make a real yummy egg  ....xxxx
Only beverages I want, I can't have right now  I think I'm gonna open a bottle of veuve clicquot when I get home solely cuz I love it. Mmm
@paul_steele tut! some people!! am hungry too! a whole slice of lime would have been so filling.... 
who eats pork with pineapples? my bro does O.O i hate pineaaples 
has a serious craving for starbucks... 
@johnherman i can't upload   hows the fiesta treating you? #fiestamovement
bored @ wk cotractually here until 3:45  i really want sum tacos.
@MRSCANTZ i have a migrane....i love recordin jus not when im feelin like doodoo 
having power snack...toast with superfruit spread(tj's), and go raw trek mix...yum...wishing i was having a chocolate shake...yummier 
I already feel melty, and it's not even that hot 
I was eating spaghetti rings as you do &amp; the bottom of the bowl fell off ? what the hell lol? I really wanted them 
I want some jello 
@angrygn0me hope everythings okay 
I want a popsicle, and theres only one left but its green. I dont like green popsicles. 
Wish I had some panara bread.... or jimmy johns 
#dirtygun...aww i miss halfsies milk shakes 
Sitting at home sippin on nattie ice....Mmmmmm....Lol could b sober  good day thou pretty content
for me.. everythings is broken.. 
grr spilt milkshake on my new tank top. 
black tea latte, turkey pesto cranberry sammy, ace of cakes, and umbrella... only wish miguel was here 
mmmm! cheesecake! i was hoping to go somewhere tonight! 
so verry bored. 
I has a sad  maybe icecream will help
@monsieursauvage ahh now I want one!! hah we don't have those here in mexico  I had a cold stone cookie dough ice cream today.. sooo good!
My tummy doesn't feel good! I ate too much hot sauce  but the bf and I are going to get yogurt soon.
kinda in the mood for ramen noodles but we don't have any 
@lilofrog that's what happens when you drop a smurf pie too. 
@kbeertje ehm... no cakes... they've eaten it all... sorry 
@6uy hahah yeahh you did! I have had my salad. Theres still alot left. I can't finish it 
@frizzle_fry @franklin5 you beat me to it 
@DamienCripps  i just googled that fish, its pretty. and stripey. i miss my other fishie too. now i have big tank and one lonley lil fish
@bkhsiung really? sad news  oh my favorite desserts :..(
Shooot. I forgot my pineapple bun in the car.  Its too cold and misty to go back outside. I hope its still there tmrw.
eating lollies...gunna regret it everytime i eat all yum food i always fell like im gunna throw up...  but i dunno y! 
mmm sleepy holly being dragged out early 
YAY!!!!!!! tonight shall be fun fun fun!!!!!! ha ha ha ha liv u pig missing a chocolate bar!!!!!!!  atleast you can see it
yum, that was soo so good... i wish I had another one... there was only one left and i ate it but... but i want another one 
bedtime. i never did make my sammich 
mmm. no more hiccups. 
@Fairyprincess89 now i feel like a cupcake!! how u been dani? i miss you!! 
My Togos sandwhich from earlier isnt setting very well 
a wee bit rough... a bottle of red wine... stayed up for #bb10 noms... 
@karinbobarin Mmm. Strawberry's and pineapple sound so good right now 
been up since 8  atleast the weathers nice. just avin tea n crumpets listenin 2 1xtraaaaaaaa
is craving dodgy kebab shop pizza....why cant i be in sydney 
Mmmm cuddled up, avoiding e-mailssss 
@muzgaz hi we had fish and chips they weren't very good soggy chips yuck!!!!! 
i really don't know who i'm going for in #masterchef...i don't want to see eiither of them go 
@19fischi75 an now me worried - bout my sweet miss austria - an her lill pee pee doggy 
@mileycyrus Mmmm shushi! I haven't had sushi in more than a year because I live in the middle of nowhere at the moment. 
watchin masterchef...  i dont want either one to leave 
#masterchef - I'm heartbroken.  I wanted Juzzy to win 
pee'd off. burnt danish. oven wasnt even on high.gotta scrape the black parts off. instead of icecream on the side it will be on top 
when did the strawberry duck close?! nightmare! where am i going to get a pint of timothy taylor while riding through entwistle now 
 I had to cut my thumb's nail (thumbnail?) because it broke ): fml, I want icecream.
mmm..loony...i think..  
@MattyLeppard ahaha ewww shrimpssss. i hate shrimps  awhh bless you mathius. im sure its great  is it my one? or sians?
this alice shouldn't have followed that rabbit down the hole. for she is stuck in wonderland til she finds him again 
a chuva cago no meu milk shake, tchau 
mmmm chef turned waiter..... 
going out with fam in a jiff. i miss naz. 
never again will i eat curry chicken @ 4 in da mornin it got me all fucked up ughhhh 
Pissed @ the fact that they hire all these new ppl @ dunkin donuts who don't knw my order proir to me coming through the drive-through. 
eating some veggie sushi and sipping a chai (i am cheating on sbux, this chai is better!) 1 hr til i go to my gate 
missing my babby 
@ukwiddy its not the same  i mean abroad.english hols never came anywhere near 2my hol abroad.now ive ad a taste i want more.love flyin 2
knows you are getting old when you wake up with bad acid and need tums 
Mmmm not feeling it 
the weather is hot, beautiful girls R out, ppl R BBQing &amp; I have a flame in my heart. just can't digest the reality. why why why 
And i thot that i could do some shopping &amp; eat @ fish &amp; co.  - http://tweet.sg
lumpy oatmeal, bleh! forgot about it in the microwave 
@mmm_gash you can't be a black american ginger woman! It's just physically impossible 
@villykassiou  nt yet! it was jst a moment after leaving uni xD &amp;had 2come bck home again.I look like a prawn more than like chocolate xD
has had a lovely tuna salad off the gmtv bikini diet this is the best diet ive ever done so much yummy food !!!! im now off bk 2 work 
Wishing she had mula baby to bo get some tacos from the taco lady. 
Mmm #identica seems a bit broken after the upgrade 
Mmm I feel sooo empty today 
@chubbyjones soul veg easy has an amazing beet salad but its super south &amp; not feasable unless ure coming from midway  
*shingshing* thx 2 salt 
so freekin crapped off with mark 
@smoshian i don't get why they re-recorded tastes like kevin bacon for the new album and not ulrich firelord. it's so much better 
@sarawise    That's the saddest de-evolution of yummy I think I've ever seen, hon.  At least have an oatmeal?  &lt;3
just spent an hour making homemade ravioli. mmmm. heading to work, then hanging out with ry. hopefully my phone comes today 
@kiki0306 unfortunately me 
adam burned our cinnamon rolls 
M'n'Ms, powdered dohnuts and cheetos...gross 
@the_tai_pan nice, I want me a burrito right now 
http://twitpic.com/8doz7 - They're throwing away all our toys 
@goodrocker yum! I'm having water..by myself 
i'm soo sad... i lost my starbucks voucher thingy  no caramel frappucino  for me
fuck  we dont have the salad dressing i like
@some_devil41 i wish it was a pizza. gosh i'm glad we live together because if we didn't i'd NEVER see you 
@ruperte guinness is awful 
@anthonycashcash i know! we were gonna suprise you guys with all your favorite flavors 
@unredacted @warneronstine not here either  poo
i burnt my tongue eating soup lastnight.  i got my hot fudge sundae stuff though! yum! i need to make plans people.
@Novablue ah honey.   so sorry you're sick.  xoxo.   ~slg
so effing tired of my throat hurting.... ooooohh... i just got a crazy craving for a pina colada/banana slushie!!!! 
@annabellee dry sweet potato, huh? 
has discovered that she loves easter crafts, eggs, hot cross buns... feel like watching the prince of egypt to aid my easter meditations 
That would be why @JonathanRKnight laughed at me when I told him my username has caca in it. lol 
@GABBYiSACTiVE mmmmmm coffee please, LOL 
@feh1325 Next you'll be using glue stick as chapstick 
im eating a chocolate crakle. i bet you all are jelous. its a mini party 
@klaris sa bagay, you eat pancakes with bacon naman. haha interesting.. i shall try it. 
@DirtySoufYankee I'll more than likely be up because I have no desire to sleep right now and I just made a fresh batch of koolaid  yummy.
Is quite pleased that the weather forecast for Cyprus looks so good - not like turkey last year!! Mmmmm... Sunshine!! 
Mmmmm wings  http://twitpic.com/2y4o6
@WallyDWallower I love cold pizza for b'fast! Mmm! 
really likes diet cherry vanilla dr. pepper. its amazingness in a bottle 
@jimmrowe hmmmm dumplings 
mmm, scooby doo fruit snacks are so great 
is drinking chai latte! Mmmm, yummi 
eating frozen ribeana , yum 
Mmmm espresso house 
mmmm!! peach gummy!! 
@bigbelbess aha, just beat you to that, minus the ska though, may just indulge 
@troppo Twitterfon is great but it converts smileys  into pictures what looks like very bad taste to me.
goin 2 have mor chese its but i wnt pizza but if i cook pizza ill burn it n set da alarm off again so ill stick 2 hot cheese its yummy 
brrrr.... I'm so cold, but I love it 
200 words over with still more to write, lame. burritos for tea 
@escribitionist i didn't want to eat other's foodd!!!  dun make me sound so bad lah!  i just have another crave for food...that's all 
Mmm mummy's culinary skills has been improving. Smells so good!  i'm loving home cooked food!
Eating an easter egg  i knnow its abit early :p
mmm..... going to a meeting at a wine farm tomorrow in stellenbosch.... yum 
Going to get a vegeterian pizza  mmm
@tishous yay chuck klosterman!  
Mmm I need coffee 
@TomFelton you bragged! The pancake god is getting even with you 
eating a bagel w/ cream cheese while watching music videos  oh yeah, and missin my wittle cuppycake
oh my god i slept horrible, the dorms are so hot blarghuberhudsf;df. luckily i have pumpkin apple walnut muffins to make me better 
@smuffster so yummy 
yep cinnamon toast crunch 
Mmmm Cheese sandwich + salt and vinegar crisps + chocolate log = lunch 
ahh good mrning.  bomb omelette this mrning. my papi is the best&lt;3
@sarahik mmm...I would love a little contentment... 
Mmm fresh lemonade 
@sweetness8693 text me and i'll give you the info 
@jeremyrobsmith mmm I want to come! 
@ItsDelilah WHOAAA . uree a dickk wiff twoo k's 
@cdn_n_austin you crack me up honey...where's my coffee?  
yum yum yummmm! chinese is on its wayyyyyyyyyyyyy wooooohooooooooooo. food makes me soo happy 
At jiffy lube waiting to leave, mmmm  donut 
@ubearbear ???? edmund poon ? d  
Mmm chicken hot rods 
lmfao tell me howw i just used tartar sauce instead of mayo for my tuna ..fail! haha im an idiot 
tater and lola...... where are you? They're not here, sweetie! 
im eating a sandwich and drinking some orange juice! i guess u could say im eating breakfast! LOl! 
Making alu palak as per http://tinyurl.com/c3hovm - a good recipe with no masala 
@woollyholic I'm not drinking at the mo.  One sniff of alcohol sends me all squiffy 
- Making homemade biscuits &amp; gravy w/ maple sausage  Mmmm...
Shopping!!!!!! Mmmm books,shoes, and makeup  i've hit the trifecta
@Fearnecotton im quite jelous, eclairs are my fave  haha. can you follow me please so i can send you a message? i have something to ask xx
mani and pedi date with stank  
@dawn_dewar Absolutely, makes for a better, bigger pressie 
just got back from a family day out at a chinese all-you-can-eat buffet and i ate LOADS! yum.  now i'm eating some swiss chocolate... &lt;3
#followsaturday @DustinJMcClure Mmm...fresh veggies that are looking good!! thanks for sharing your photo. 
is chillin at her very favorite cozy starbucks.. 
Others: @loris_sl I have no idea what guarana is but voddie sounds good  thanks! want some cider? (I'm .. http://tinyurl.com/cedlc5
Eating french toast  yum
inside the coke factory....oh...fresh coke in making 
listening to covers of sean kingston  much better than original. chinese vodka is lethal yet lovely with apple juice in the sun.
just got back from nando's.. mmmm.  but feels like her stomach is gunna burst with foood!  
@realtonyoller hey tony! are u going to come to spain? if u come here u must eat paella &amp; migas!   do u have a new movie? xoox from spain!
@erindowney so yummy! oooh! we should have a girls night tweetup! movies, pedicures, cookie dough &amp; pjs! 
Singing and juicing grapefruit.  Mmm, life tastes good. 
Eating mcdonalds like a fatty ....  i know, its so bad for you but its addicting the fries !
@suezeta thought were in houston...was just letting you know at my restaurant we have  sno balls..n yes we hav nectar n condensed milk 
just had a bbq, was fun 
goin to ann arbor for sangria, beer and dinner! oh, and some old friends too. 
Best of both worlds: coffee boba! 
Mmm sleep, does a body good 
@Mrjaydeeone doesn't matter when it's with bbq 
Out for icecream with the fam.  what should i get?!
at subway with cynthia,  finna go home soon and make cupcakes , yayy.
12 inch meatball pizza  sweet,nw to get some red bull
taco sry about the forhead flicking !!!! 
Mmmm i love me some zac efron. he is delicious. 
Just got a wee caramel sundae from mcds...these r yummy and cheer me up a bit  sad I know lol
is heading to temple bar for dinner with tessa, nigel and bem 
@gallina lol! You get mail from 'Mr Hunglow' too huh? 
Eating some goody goody yum yums  aka food
one of our fav places...it's been open since 1956...and has kept that feel. it's beautiful out. Chinese 4 dinner. lots of choc 4 treats. 
Thinking about my moms banana pudding..agh i wish she would just make some already. 
mmmm  got myself some juice it up,
@g33kgurrl very much so. so does that custard thingy you just spoke of  
watching 'a cinderella story' and eatting oodles and noodles. 
Thats alot of time. Mmm.fine.i wont be sad. 
@WineTwits Mmmm..yes.  A big glass of Shiraz 
@limburger2001 that would be cool! But thankfully @bronwen was getting me one already! 
mmmmm I want pizza nd a spicy chicken fr0m wendys nd mcd0nalds fries  bein preg wiin!!! lol
I think i shall make some hot chocolate.  It shall be tasty hahaha
@Lickasha mmmmm, my whole screen is filled with your bouncy bouncy, ha ha. 
Gordia crunch from taco bell, and honey bbq wing's from checker's. now that's good eatin' 
@MrEric808 Mmm...sounds ono.. plus craving Lychee syrup right about now 
really wishes she had some cheez-its (the cheddar jack kind  ).
went to the mall and had dinner out yay  tori-sorry vegas is hating you  it hates me too. laur-ooh smoothie sounds good ;D
makin mac and cheese  yummy
@vivalacaitlin hope your worst night ever is followed by the most Mmmm-azing days ever 
ohh the nickel arcade. so fun. i love my babee. tater tots now. 
@Yaybren brenna: u should eat some pickles or some... um.... string cheese! those were the only things i could think of! 
@faiththiang are you in sydney? mmm the apple store.. 
@ryanvstheworld, *makes you some dank pad thai with some roasted cashews in it* 
enjoying my last wine (montana sav blanc) before I start chemo tomorrow....what a roller coaster of a journey this is....bottoms up 
@searchlo nah...those veggies deserve to die.... 
ok so weve just left holming beam, walking toward south hessary, tasteless goo for breakfast, yum  http://twitpic.com/3l23o
dear friends, killer bbq, pixar entertainment, delectable ice cream, #pandora_radio goodness, spontaneous dancing, soulful conversation, 
@nuttyeeyore cool beans... had a lovely long nap ya know? 
mmmmm i can only speak english 
why do I keep using this? it serves no real purpose.. mmm bacon for dinner  bye bye x
@raisapan chop suey  it is!
just woke up...going to have a breakfast yummy 
off to get ready 4 tha guests have to get sme strawberries and ice creame  yum and then off to c my auntie 4 dindins :S probs wnt be bk!
finished seeing a movie now probably going to sleep...2morrow pancake sundays 
had spagitti bolanaise (can't spell it!!) it so so yummy mmmmmm 
@katslife going thru stuff. found a receipt for wild berry skittles 
@Joelsk_ thx honey 
@Nightwyrm mmmm.... you're just jealous 
Up and had bacon and sausage  yum...
@varundave anytime...  and if u like punjabi khana, then come and taste rajma chawal 
movie night i think  little miss sunshine then either forrest gump or fight club .... i needs a bag of extra buttery popcorn
@gfalcone601 caramel frapachino with cream is the way to go haa 
giving the new graham coxon album another listen. sounds much better on a sunny sunday with a chilled beer 
@DonMcAllister  It's a bread bun about 10&quot; diameter  yum yum
trying out the fanta jamaica pineapple 
Mmm... Gummy chocolate *drool*  don't know what I would do if I end up being diabetic :S
@dearhummingbird ahhhh... a lady of expensive tastes 
and then it was winter again....20cm of crispy new snow....mmmmm 
good morning. i just got home. im eating a chicken sandwich and mozzarella sticks. yummm... faded. thanks for coming nadine  ily.
Mmm bacon lol  wonder if i should go outside
Bbq chicken pizza, cherry coke and spurs on tv= 
Mmmmm my new USPS pull over smells of bonfire 
@PixelScum stomach hurts (spicy chicken wings yesterday), tooo much work... err... sunday ? 
@andyclemmensen wtfffffff why? chocolate gelato is pretty much like heaven. gues you might've had a BIT too much then? mango's the best 
mmm sun (L) sat in the garden soaking it in 
@CarolynVan thank you for the yummy and might I add pretty cupcakes. I'm glad you came and had fun 
Is going to have lunch wit da family, its smells wonderful 
is bout 2 eat dinner....letme c theres a choice of icecream or chocolate lol i think ima hav both yummy 
Shmoke &amp; pancake,beautification,tesco here Velvetella comes! 
@meesterbob i do prefer the mustard based bbq but the vinegar based isnt bad...just a lil runny 
@samppa89 Sasukies! *squee* It sounds so creative and yummy! I simply had to! 
mmmm hugh jackman 
mmmm....chocolate is good  as is sun
@OceanJan nah chicken its good 
@pia_colada trueee, I hate kings circle 
I'm watching invader zim!  and eating toaster struttles 
@mycaribbeanfood Mmm, that sounds amazing!  I need someone to make coconut pancakes for me 
@naomival mmmm....i want some beef wif broccoli  n rice   
just updated my multiply. check out! http://pau27figureskater.multiply.com   
omelets in the valencia -- finally they try to smooth our feathers!! 
mmm, enjoying chicken period and pig fat, yum! I love having my own kitchen 
@ geno's workin' on the egg 
going to the swapmeet for some delicious mexican style corn.. yum! 
back with a smoothie  having roast later but i'll like it cos its with chicken LOL pointless info !!
aahh... the smell of fresh coffee  soo good!
Beans and leftover hominy, eggs with feta, hash browns. I have now made breakfast my bitch. 
Mmm josh homme...still many times the hot in red black and white 
I'm awake and I want a redbull!! 
wanna know what sounds really good right now? scrambled eggs with ham.. mm, yeah  going to make that right now!
just woke upp, breakfast timee! 
@theboomtube haha well i guess it was exactly the same but stiil ... 
is going to go get some taco bell...yummy 
jus woke upp eatin breakfast at noon! i love weekends 
loves steamy bubblebaths with rose petals and a glass a merlot...thats what sunday evenings are all about 
@TheNanny612 umm.. it's gone.. i cleaned it up as i was cooking. then i ate it and tossed it in plastic bags for the fridge.. 
cooking late breakfast mmm smells good.  Trish
I wish dinner was early.. Or someone would just let me eat all the pancetta... Mmmm 
@Vladd67  hi,  didnt mean to ignore you.I make it with pretend mince, quorn or linda Mcartney make it &amp; veggie stock cubes  for the gravy 
... and here's the china-taxi!  #yummy
making pork, mashed potatoes and veg for dinner tonight, yum. oh n gravey baby 
The Shins and sun...Mmm 
@Dulcette sounds yummy. I had tortellini 
Cleaning the kitchen, so no need to go to the gym today  But my kitchen does smell like Apples and Pears! *sniff* Mmmm...
having a dexter marathon in my bed &amp; drinking iced jasmine teaaaa 
Mmm cinnamon toast crunch for breakfast!       now work time :|
@alefarendsen ooh that does sound promising   fijne avond nog.
@JesseNewhart Those are the huevos she earned while doing standup, gots to be. She bothered me in #24 and just made up for it  #respect
@critania, @divalinda is right .. you do look like chuck 
mmm strawberry cables 
Is finally awake eating french toast 
Watching tv and eating cheeze doodles 
haha back! we walked to walgreens and got some rootbeer! 
http://twitpic.com/3m0ao - nice summation of last night...tiki bar &amp; being attacked with mac &amp; cheese at outback 
listening to alesha dixon, eating calipo lollies and reading sugar mag 
pow! right in the kisser 
@rubymaree haha fair enuf eat an apple 
@kristophrrr Mmm that sounds good! Or a butterfinger blizzard!! Mmm... 
@strawberry76 i know right. i feel like a skit, but thats just me 
4/20 yallll... piff it up!! 
is wondering what the heck to do with this... and is craving chips and salsa.. mmm 
@MsRobynP yep the hawks handled they biz cant hate on um sweets 
Mmm...girl scout Thin Mint icecream...just what i need after a bad day. 
eatingg yummy lindtt chocolatee!  woohoo!
mmmmm onion rings 
It's sweeter, and deeper, than a pinot grigio.  The name is appropriate...it's like a white wine's version of cab sav.    Mmm.  tasty!
yayy! i have twilight on dvd at last!  lasagne in the oven smells so good!
@jenperez mmmm can I have it? I'll share 
@robertz If ever we meet up can I have some of your runner beans pls Robz? 
i am absolutely devastated that I did not catch a cheeky glimpse of the sexy chinese bus driver. I'll eat chow mein now 
@shuuro to make things better, we added steamed pork chop with egg  awesomedeliciousness (if thats a word) MUAHAHAHAHA
have a headache, going to watch a yummy new ep of bones to cheer me up 
@petewentz  don't worry, apple juice are healthy. 
@Lironster Mmmm  I ate some yesterday.
@saragarth honest,,,, honest??? and omg as if u eating burnt spaghtti, should be eating chocolate 
mmm yummy, tea 
LOLLL i am laughing out loud  nat why you so contageuous? bloody ginger&amp;co. they're all assholes except bradie 
@mab397 pretty much! But I don't blame you, if I had some sort of lsd laced chocolate, I wouldn't be sharing either! Mmm...my precious... 
@diane1859 I always thought the trick was good ketchup rather than the fish finger itself (hence the weak pun on out-saucing  #fishfinger
Mmmmm lovely sunny hot day, sat in lovely air conditioned car  http://short.to/56ss
mmmmm mum has made goulash 
@chunky666 ohhh sounds lush mate! rainbow trout is divine  i'm making a fish pie for tea...love seafood  how you doing mate?
Mmmm...8am grilled cheese and work! I'm up to my ears in little projects and I love it 
@tuileries Oh yey!  So glad it landed safe and sound - I always have post-fear!  I'm currently sewing up some new goodies  x
http://recipekey.com/r/zykfx a great veggie lasagna!!  happy marathon monday, boston folks 
good mooooorning new york... leaving the big apple today to go back to the minne apple... booooo. but first, more shopping 
@GeniusArtistic I make a cookie with Goobers in it http://www.nansdough.etsy.com (via @NansDough) -- they look so delicious!! 
@fruityalexia hmmm..hard decision  i hate washing dishes...
eatin' my chocolate easter rabbit  But i think i should'nt do that, 'cause i'll see it tomorrow on my hips . but : who cares ?? 
i really fancy a starbucks at the moment. chocolate frap 
@shaundiviney go to the gelato shop in darling harbour. it is the beesknees. nutella flavour mmmmmm 
Mmm, eating chocolate chip pancakes 
@tccrt3 wasssssssssssupppp hot blondie? 
@SkoutTradeFair they also have a green curry paste in the same brand - good GF thai 
@iamdiddy  hope u feel better soon!  need some advil to kill the fever and some chicken soup.  lots of liquid dont get dehydrated! 
@Sprklo0 sounds yummy! I want some 
The sun is shining, but I need more coffee! @EundM vorab schon danke! 
@tracitoguchi i just fried it up regular and fed it to the fam bams with eggs and rice 
mmmm orange jell tastes sweeter when you dont leave any 4 dad 
@ben_stiller That's 'smashing' news..you 'crack' me up.love your humour..'chip' off the old block.'.Yoohoo' and 'Gluegle' for you 
@bradiewebbstack oh how you'r lucky i miss sydney. What about dessert my daddy makes cakes?  
yum yum. McDonalds thick shake 
just made banana cake...yum  
im eating a cheese burger and a thick shake  
no more junk food or greasy food yuck im over that oh and no more soda more green stuff  yezz i fill goood
is hungry... going to mcdonalds to gulp some burgers 
can smell yummy food mmmmm smells good 
@ovenhaven  easy to make too! i used this recipe http://tinyurl.com/csk25q the strawberry sorta &quot;melts&quot; a bit, tasting like jam...awesome!
@what_tha haha fair nuff, enjoy your meal of chips and coke 
@big_hard_lad @jamie_oliver I frikkin' love that battered chix wrapped in parma ham and parmesan.  I likes a rhyme, too 
@xcherie um cherie bby.. it's just instructions for the 'dirty face soap' from my showbag 
@nicolacortese haha greta cam eup with tassle berry for tasmania and then named me sassle berry, i love it 
@Shauncusters Mmm, dry bread and dagga pills! You have the BEST job! 
@soundlyawake mornin' chicken 
wants mami with egg  (hungry) sarap kumain pag umuulan..  http://plurk.com/p/pbzz4
@Shadez (contd) but there can be a closet non-veggie like @IamSB .... LOL..  hmmm. now thats a interesting one.. 
@alexiaaa mmm... you try 
Mmm midnight snack: oatmeal, toast, cranrasberry juice...&amp; yes last twitter tonight promise  night buddies.
haha bonnies a little exited  aaah i forgot how good pizza tastes
I'm turning the volume up one last time till mum gets home  Mmm love it!
@guybatty Not such fun; wot's wrong wiv fresh fruit? dried fruit more fattening 
Mmm Indian food for the first time. It's delicious 
is full of philadelphia rolls and and tempura 
Mmmm... Wedding cake 
At Marble with Shutes, Joe, @skyhawk133 and @jnakai ... Mmmmmmm, beer ... Mmmmm, no work of any kind for two whole days 
i tried a new drink today at starbucks and loved it. some blueberry shit liz made 
getting some cranberry juice and then get the party started!!! Ahhh gotta love the weekends 
I had some yummy pinkberry 
@DustinJMcClure http://twitpic.com/4b2ip - not the veggies and skim milk... but the hummus part yeah a lil wierd 
@JaeTips LoL... hey honey! Whats up! 
mmm...noodles 
wanna know a secret? kinda weird but here goes: I'm like currently obsessed w/taking pictures of the meals i cook, proud of good cooking 
At least i've got fatboy 
Chilling wiff nadiaaaaaa ! No parentals 
@missweirdO14  archie loves pineapples 
@ElPocho Mmmmm sounds good you had me at jalapeno 
i luuuuuuuv d smell of flowery scent perfume...makes me vry relaxed&amp;puts me in vry gud mood...hev a beautiful day pipol 
@Goldyfinch too late. hv already crossed 2 the dark side. haven't had sticky toffee pud 4 years.  wish me luck &amp; thks for tip re c.cream! 
Mmmm has no Rum ..... wonder if red wine will do the same ... lets find out 
still in bed, craving pancakes  i am not that tired! surprising, huh?
Just sneezed in sainsburys and caused panic. It's hay fever for goodness sake 
@Vampyress i still got to get through my 50 pack of peach tea...but its ok cos i love it  then will get a mint
is also eating christmas cake yummy (mums mikaela) 
#awaresg ah the sweet smell of direct democracy 
Mmmm pizza and a mooovie with my baby  .x
Mmm.... french toast was yummy and I am now back home. 
@paigeebaby hahah sweet thnaks  xDD
had a lovely sausage bap from oa  x
@immortal_alice Ahh sweet 
@hellonhairylegs Mmm. I know there's great division of opinion. I think it's *fascinating*, and an incisive critique. 
@Fearnecotton yum wagamammas. It's all about the yaki soba 
@sprinklesaddict tried the new choco loco today courtesy of sprinkles addict 
mmmm buttery toast 
@Rachellous yep  and some high waisted shorts as a treat :p
@SmittnbyBritain make sure save me some - yum 
drinking my iced coffee from a mason jar. apparently i am a hipster AND a hick, LOL. well, one outta two ain't bad. 
now I am going back to bed with a belly full of cheerios.  i love saturdays.  
Mmm these Mikado's are so good 
eatin an icecream 
Enjoying a lovely ice cold glass of orange juice. Mmmmmm 
bacon and mushrooms on toast  yum yum
Still within civilization, getting an egg sammich soon, yum 
http://twitpic.com/4eell - mmm, how's that for dessert? chef=me 
subway is the best breakfast haha.  argh noone smells like pancakes today - oh the home smell.
@jjx @sejcad yum! @sarkatbur will be very happy about that 
@LorraineStanick macha is great for that. It comes in a powder and u put it in your drinks or something, im not how to use it though 
@dickie_doodle So does he. He'll dust, too. AND he is an amazing cook so I really shouldn't grouse. 
cant wait to get my wawa coffee this morning, nom mom nom  
just woke up ;;  about to eat &amp;&amp; chill with the madre
there's an entire pot of coffee with my name on it... im gunna go tackle it 
at cracker barrel with mamaw,papaw,beth, and madre 
says yummeh food + lepak = awesome  http://plurk.com/p/reas1
alrighty imma go eat nowww yummmmm mcspicy meal 
@bevysmith inverted mac &amp; cheese interesting concept. all u needed was my un-cheesecake 
goood moring  ! i want a yummy breakfast
huh? a pineapple juice for dinner? yay im too lazy to prepare food 
wakey wakey  I'm awake and trying to be productive...
Understandable @SoulfullyBlue  Brokeness aint cool lol.  I'm not the oatmeal thief ooo!  But you are welcome to some oatmeal I have 
http://twitpic.com/4eq36 - Mmm soo good 
At ihop gunna order sum french crepes my favorite 
Finally outta bed, had some yummy pancakes and is now tweeting! 
Just made some yummy and messy rick krispy treats 
@louise_hendy aw thank youu  I'm gonna eat that banoffe pie today :')
sunny saturday = love. time for tacos and aguas frescas and tanning 
Oh yeah! 1st beer brats of the spring. I'm loving it  http://twitpic.com/4ey91
nice comfort food for tea mash and sausage and lashings and lashings of red vino  oh and some revision thrown in (hopefully)
The orange, cranberry, banana smoothie came out so delicious!!! Mmm yummyyyy! 
eat bacon  http://bit.ly/1af1l9
@kirstenschuh have fun with your bbq. and greetings 
chipotle rebranded. they now have a pepper that doesn't look like poop. 
spent the last ten hours in bed. Mmmm delicious. 
at ej's partaaayy, just finished eating a good meal. 
picking up cody at 5 &amp; going to hard rock cafe at foxwoods 
@kspidel calling him now. also, I don't have jameson or guinness or bailey's.... I just have some cheap whiskey. :o will that work? 
uwaa...eatin' takoyaki... sooo delicious...yummy~ 
@claycorey That sounds yummy - You should also add @RyanDuggan 
http://twitpic.com/4gsah - beans and belle 
@sarah_connors Mmmmmmm. Om nom nom. 
Apples to apples with stav@CWJazz @_caramia and bobbins. Yay fun.  http://twitpic.com/4gu7n
Is eating juicy juicy mangoes 
mmmm in n out is the bestttt. 
@maryhadalamb17 Mmmmm, sounds delicious. 
eating a 34&quot; licorice, super rope ftw 
Thai for tea tonight.  Mmmm money bags  be nice if they were real money bags
@hanaabanana http://twitpic.com/4ckyc - oh yes  love those marianne sweets... it's a grrat coffee shop anf the chocolate factory they  ...
just had a pulled chicken with pesto, swiss cheese, tomato, red onion, black olives and wheat bread panini.. Mmmm ReRe Panini 
@hanhug that sounds tasty! can you share a good recipe for mint julips with a california-based yankee? 
@hypnophil *sigh how I wish I could. It will be some healthy fruit malarkey for me I fear. Too much past indulgence 
ok done with workout.. now breakfast  eggs, bacon, figs cheese, and something with chocolate
Mmm good ending to a lame night.  goodnight. Meeting at 730am. Blahh
Preparing for a little mini 24-athon 
is boiling rice while waiting 4 ruth &amp; sean 2 bring naan and butter chicken home.... nom nom nom- followed by twix cheesecake 
Mmmm cafe renoir again 
we'd rather have a bowl of coco pops! yummmy 
eating an oaty backed bar, mmm 
@ingvoldSTAR p.s. its good to be scary  #masterchef
my neck is healing  mmm that fried rice was a blessing more please =]
@challyzatb Mmm, cool  She seems an intriguing character...
Yay, i'm eating chilli crab  heehee. - http://tweet.sg
@TotallyBizarre Did you have some sausages on a stick? lmao 
@amber_benson  figs yummy 
@AyeUpLaura yeaaap  eeeh was goos though.
Beltain = fire festival. curry = hot. I think it's ok 
@jacqueline47 it's wonderful on the grill 
Perks- McDonalds delivery....Mmm!  I guess kitchen staff can chill til lunch.
@jawar What brought me to twitter? Mmm...seemed like &quot;the&quot; thing to do.  Now I feel its &quot;the&quot; place to be!  And you? 
just had a starbucks ;) caramel waffles are awesome  http://twitpic.com/4h5za
yum, mums made a cheesecake 
Making french toast 
Going 2 the ihop  yum yum
eating oreo 
@AyeUpLaura lol that us when ya soba as well haha 
mmmmm.....sheila made an awesome breakfast..... 
@Schofe mmmm that icecreams looks lovely 
@frickxx haha i just got myself some clam chowder hahaha i think its yummy 
in bed watching mr and mrs with a cup of tea waiting for roast dinner mmmmmm  mr schofield your a legend!
@Fearnecotton i'm going to be tuning in  i'm going to steal your food, hahahaha. i'm evil , not  really. iloveyou x
is getting krispy kreme for the river guides. you know what they say &quot;no donuts, no ride.&quot; 
@JazzyLadee1908 the sausages r safe. u know i won't eat them. now if i c @dondivawear in the meantime, i can't make ne promise! 
@annwhit just finishing vodka.he knows to wash pots coz hes doin last nites now.so defo forgiven.lol 
@yaseminx3 oouh xD whats ur fav type of chocolate?or u like only classic  ?
mmm french toast 
...pizza, I feel a little sick, hence 4 slices will last me until thursday. 
wee, #hoppusday ! 
Morning twittlets  headed to the studio for photoshoot selections. Mmm starbucks caramel latte 
going to get some lunch at bagel world  yummy then to  look at house with kevin and molly
Mmmm sleeping to eleven is a beautiful thingg 
making texas sheet cake.. mmmmmm  that's tough to beat.
is going to cook spag bol, and looking forward to going to the pub later 
mmm i would like to have three extra scenes with jacob yummy. LOL 
@etruscan ....umm, it was 4 hun not 2 !   make more sense now why you needed the cheeseburger!  
@alessiamissita I love the smell of planes and runways. But it's a novelty pour moi  xxx
@jamiegoode so wot's your mood and wot wine is in the rack? 
@bizinatch lmao... going to watch after sex now  gotta grab more french toast first
I'm getting back in to my habit of porridge after gym, instead of toast w butter and jan. I'm a good boy 
@TJArmour can i get some pasta pls? angel hair preferred  tossed w roma tomatos &amp; olive oil..yummmmY
Mmmm;; eating some ice creak cakeee 
mm.. dairy queen..brownie earthquake! how fattning, sooo good 
eatin reeses pieces 
enjoying my delightful belgian waffle 
@manda__xo thanks, yeah my mom just learned how to fry pork chops and shes reall good at it 
besides trippin on the new layout, i just finished some mariocart on the wii w/ my bro &amp; now i'm waiting for him to bring me food  yum
mmm. Noodles then bed. So wonderful. 
Mmmm....Lychee Calpico is soooooo good. 
Apparently, you DO attract more flies with honey than with being a douche. 
lovin' my A card, free fish and chips! 
yay for ikea swedish meatballs 
a 45 min workout today! That evens out the oreo pie right?  I feel amazing though, 20lbs lost so far, 10 more to go!
@popwaffle oops. I guess it's called the griddle cafe! 
@stephatienza09 ohhhh. sweet. that should be fun. 
eating applebees... yum 
had dinner Mmmmm  still hungry but being good.  I have been eating too many calories and will be watching more closely now. 
Lizeth bought me a strawberry smoothie and now is treating me to Islands. Mmmm. 
@she_writes yum!! noodles sound sooooooo goood!!! 
Almost home. Mmm good day 
is eating brownie batter at my g-ma's  hehe.. life is good 
Is drinking sangria with his fav ppl. 
@KottonQueen LOL LOL you're awesome. hopefully you'll like what I make out of them! they are shrooms after all. 
is back from shanghai  hello stinky, sweaty, b.o. filled beijing!
@Richardcan2 oooh yummy  what are you doing now?
@pixelfox eeeps! D: don't eats ittt! at least that means yo bok choy is very yuummms 
@chadominic amishuuuuuu, loooooove 
@dannnnnniiiie lol brandy and mr whiskers is on 
@kiki_miacherry morning kik enjoy your breakfast 
@SwissTwist jip i have a good one 
@Appledoe Mmmm, I had honey mustard chicken w/ rice &amp; veges 
going to fill my tummy with something yummy  ~ brb (via @angelistic)
@keza34 yummy curry  save me some please lol
@carlocruuuz good! you joined the dark side hahahaha we have cookies! 
:: holy kraut. I canNOT stay up this late. But the book is done and in the author's in box.  Tucking in with kitty-boys now. Nighty-night.
@unpolishedgem I love avocado shakes!  Especially so when blended with gula melaka and a touch of santan... noice 
@mayoberry mmm, athletic!! 
@blue_north27 http://twitpic.com/4jcjr - Mmm yummy... looks like an invitation to me 
has just finished watching masterchef. Surprisingly (perhaps), it's good 
@nottheword yum, yum.  I love quesadillas....and wallpaper for that matter tooo 
@munkeypunx hav a pork scratching 
@sweet19 awesome. lemme see when you're done. 
Mmmm holiday commercials really ARE nice 
@cresh182 have fun ! bbq is good ! no matter where it is 
@leeboardman oh dear, hope you are feeling better soon, get some nice hot chicken soup down you. 
@ThriftyGambler there are three broody ones atm, I have a china eggs under them to keep them happy ish 
hahah ive got ginger hair nao 
@michalabanas someone's a sweet tooth  i was dying for somethin sweet so i've attacked the chock coated tiny teddies all i could find lol
@lisalisad1 I only came across viva la juicy on fri, no testers only body lotion in the store.... but i defo need to get it asap 
@bev_estep I am glad you are getting into your twittering 
@nottypooch yeahh! i am very happy with my pendant, and hope to see you in future fairs. ps. good mini muffin 
@treasaint salad stuff, some chillis, whatever my horti mate gives me really, think it will be fun to do 
Mmm wasabi coated peanuts! Burns so good 
i've been eating cheetos all morning.. 
@daysdifference jeremy... You made me want sushi. 
@JoyofZen mmmm it all sounds tasty. i had some spiced rum earlier, yummmmmyyyy also herbs are always good although better when shared 
sittin at home watchin monster in-law waitin for pizza.. yum yum 
@ReelJPMorgan I'm tellin u. I'm pretty mean in the kitchen lolol they're yummy 
a salt pig thing coz she broke her other one! lol  do you guys even no wat a salt pig is?
mmmm chocky cake in the oven.. smells delicious 
Having fun with all my dolls  tequillla...carne asada....and my mom dancing funny!
@Nyblaque - halla!!! doing ok- got a cold but trying to ignore it  how about you?
@bluecrystaldude happy attending kenduri.. eat those yummy stuffs on my behalf ya.  
mmmmmm, late night Brusters ice cream! om nom nom nom 
I love that my boyfriends loves my mac n cheese. he even took some to work with him 
Smores plus jacuzzi equals amazing   
finde de chicas 
@mic_dee yeah, i bought some when I was making those crispy waffles 
saw kim kardashian on robertson today, ate a hella good sandwich at bay cities in santa monica, and just downloaded a lot of new songs 
@fiascowines oh oh oh are you offering to send ducks!  I love love love confit duck 
@FeFa1 hola chica! hopefully ur on your third dream by now. ur cake looks wonderful, ur mami will &lt;3 it 
@michaelBchevre and all chevre: please follow me at @elishevabalas for chevre only   I'm using @eliseven for public tweeting!  Thanks!
I ... think ... I read 'strawberries'  its hard to have a fav char in your comics: I like bad rabbit and the 'stud' chic - sent to kid
i beat aye to the music hall.  babyy, im like the cinnamon that beat the apple to the apple jacks. 
likes the smell of the roast in the oven mmmmmm must have dips and sakatas to tide me over till the roast is cooked 
@mini_ritz thnx sweetie  how r u this evening? xo
helll yeah  i found a melon bar in the freezer ....mmm best cure for my hangover
@salece the green one! It's limey 
hahaha. tea at grandma's was sweat. yep. 
Just woke up from nap and then ate nasi padang and pisang cokelat 
eating truffles  yum!
@bgbrwneyesNY hm... i don't I can recommend any white chocolates though.. you have to move to the 'dark' side first.. 
Mmmm, shower. 
Having fries plus greentea. Mmm  - http://tweet.sg
aaauuuggghhh! in n out, check! mcdonald's, check! haha, next is hot cheetos! 
@G_E LOL yeah I had a few slices of cheddar cheese b4 sleeping. 
@bradiewebbstack i had had a baked dinner yummy  cant wait for new short stack tv, what kind of dips shall it be? 
@bradiewebbstack ooh yay, its been forevs since last ss tv  baked dinner is so good, how yummy. I had prawns  xx
Fish and chips for din dins 
hmm icecream for breakfast  #springtime
cook ; do you wanna measure my dick? its daddy-size. 
@sierrabardot whaatttaatttt! she is a good cook and really creative, silly sierra 
bacon buttys + shipwrecked. nomnom. looking forward to seeing adam 
@dannyatticus Mmm, well drop me a text and if it's cool to talk I'll let you know 
@makenshifox Mmm, slimy, the best way to be! 
@Gallucks yum yum yum. I love that feeling of curling up in your own bed when your fucked... wrapping yourself around those crisp sheets 
@_brina__ awwwwwwww i would get u sum if i was there sorry i was hungry so i went to get yogurt dis convo thing makes twitter better 
i'm going to get breakfast   yummy
@averagejenn hehe. thank you! just a bunch of left over ingredients thrown in to make the ice cream exciting. yum! 
@ajtpianoman And, mmm as in... well, you be the judge 
@Debbiedee5 LOL ok.  I'll save you a piece of french toast!  
I feel like eating pancakes.  Mmm. 
@mrssweetness2u Ilike your new photo its cool 
@aussiecynic GDy chicky 
scrambled eggs and bacon !  whoop .. yummy . , hanging with justin till o clock .. cuz i have to go rde my horsey  
happy momma's dayy! fam. breakfast with the madre 
@considereatz no, that frittata sounds yum yum! 
@alysonstonerAS http://twitpic.com/3uxoh - watermelon yoghurt? what the heck? haha 
must go and tidy up be back later,im in need of a cheese sandwich and a cup of coffee oh and a kit kat 
had salpicao, lengua estofado and callos for mother's day dining out. yum yum. to top it off, senokot forte LOL 
Waking up with the sun, crisp air, drinking iced coffee &amp; eating a delicious muffin: quel beau matin 
@AndyChrome when you get home you make me blueberry pancakes mmmm mmmm 
@sallyfoster bella note......saul good is a bit overrated unless you get the strawberry salad.  
Just ate my tasty dinner  Trying to upload a pic on this twit but keeps sayin it too big 
@darker_artic Mmm it was, thanks 
@cstechcast that is lame who would want that hunk of junk... mmm maybe me but the price is still to high 
Is making bugers yum 
has been 2 c hannah montana 2day haha. now in prego with carley havin a nice meal and drinkies! 
Just finished makin mum some scrambled eggs and toast. 
bleh i feel like shit again  stupid sinuses! but leaving for brunch soon with mommy and my brother yay 
Mmm...Mothers day dinner ~ filet mignon, porsuchto wrapped asparagus, garden salad, roasted potatoes, mushroom peppercorn gravy, 2 pies.. 
Mmm movies  @jazz136 how ya doing? 
today: visited grandparents, watched nerd prom ( http://bit.ly/bajVH ) on youtube with mimi, ate yummy food, violined badly 
just ate... yummmm....     wassup lamb fam?? 
@napstheproducer ahhhh rum cake yum 
is eating mommy-made mac &amp; cheese! The best kind. 
@KelEye well that suxx!! i luv it n they always over cook my meat cus i like it w o ne kind of red in it!!! 
@racheleanore mmm, babies... err, i mean, baby carrots. 
Eating at amber bistro... yum! spoiling momma 
Today was ah-mazing! didn't talk to any ninja pickles but oh wells 
pinkantoinette.etsy.com    now scuse me while i dig into a ton of yummy food that andrews family made. nom nom nom 
Chiiling out drinking bravas and watching mythbusters 
brunch at moonshine was divine!!! maybe that's why its only on sundays. love you mom 
is eatin' scones with butter before headin' to my doctor in a bit and check the li'l one. 
Making ice cream. Mmmm. 
@Triplebeamsheme it was good  I'm hella tired tho! I think some margaritas and rice sounds good right now
this tweet is for josie! im eating a yummy brownie with vanilla ice cream on top 
@TheeJPhresh awww congrads honey bun!!!! I wish u success! Meeeee ol nuttin workn singing doing my daily norm 
goodmorning ya'll. .eating oatmeal and cheetos? for breakfast. 
I'm on the phone with my adorable boyfriend  eating a choco hannah montana egg
spud, spud, spud, spud, VEGGIES   my eyes suck so much i'm giddy from the crappy vision.
@coolbreezz  yeah, a drumstick and some mac-n-cheese'll get ya two rooms  cleaned top to bottom... LOL.
says wee!  i'm already in manila  http://plurk.com/p/t8sue
had a great dinner earlier pork steak marinated in tequila lime  you can tell i didnt do the cooking tonight! then played mlb 2k8 on wii
eating cherries!!!  mmm so good :]
Enjoys good convo over vanilla frap. with no whip cream 
haha hella eatin nacho cheese sunflower seeds first time in like 5 yrs. brings back many memories from childhood! 
@DeniKaos Mmmm, that's really good advice and @juhhstin, we can be picky together! 
@door_kicker hey tofu is super good for u...and it's yummy...if u cook it right. i like it better than chicken 
mmm. alone in the atmosphere. 
@simeonoriko LOOOOOL ati always excited? i'm a better actor than i thought, apparently  I'm alright, hopped up on ice coffee. yum! you?
@keiishafbaby ahaha what do you usually get there?? i love both their soup and salad. the dressin is hella bombbb 
*stepping on an oreo on the ground*  me:oops all the white stuff came out  naomi:that's what she said HAHA 
at catherine's house. FINALLY CONFIRMED, yay &lt;3 blisters on my feet from the heels T~T pizza, vietnamese jello, spring rolls! 
Mmmmm nice warm rain, light show &amp; the thunder is startin!  i love it!
making wontons mmm 
er, my belly just grumbled. haha! lunchtime! 
@lonewolfmedia   I chose to highlight some of my grandma's best recipes.   http://twurl.nl/2y1ug1
@DavidArchie: david archuleta in the phil. cool. he was awesome in eat bulaga 
@KATTwasHERE aww wats a sugar glider? and u missed being in my vid i just posted my first collab 
Has got mini choc doughnuts! And had a nice chat with the gal in asda 
@lotteman your naat fat or lonely 
@Vytal Mmm if we could do that and sell them we'd make a killing. He's gorgeous 
@likwit06 ooh the healthy type well here go some egg whites!!! Lol what's good yo!!! 
@mrnonsens hahaha.. aweeee.. lol  fries sound so0o good i was too lazy to go buy some or else you woulda gotten ur pic  haha
@piaguanio hi pia! eat bulaga is on trending topics! haha! it is soo cool! 
Hmm, the endless possibilities for dinner. Thai? Indian? Toast? A cold evening calls for something warm. 
Mmm, i like the smell of rain 
@PaulaH63 hi, yes freshly made chocolate cakes with butter icing and chocolate buttons on top - fancy one? 
http://twitpic.com/556sn - Mmm HartAttack Mexican...SOO good 
@vickyypham hahah ok I don't feel bad then  goodnight sweet pea
@greekdude mm.. strawberry juice's  taste like,, mm.. strawberry!  im better now,thx  how r you?
@benzo8 Aahh, brings back memories from my years as a student at the university. 
Cemilan yg gampang dibikin. Temennya bs pake ice cream, strawberry/chocolate jam jg bisa 
@Hammerette_ well come over here then ? so we can go to brent x shopping centre drinking some cafe mocha in starbucks/costa lol 
Mmmm my favourite!  Only in moderation, of course...  http://yfrog.com/02galkj
Mmmm, I'm hungry! I'm thinking about grabbing a pizza once my laundry is done 
@haydencglass haha yer i know.. was pretty upset to miss it.. and i heard there was lemon slice.. sure beats my cup of soup  so hows...
&amp; jelly w/ a heineken has done some soothing...gn til i awake again 
french toast has become my favourite meal ? aha  
making shepherds pie for tonight- cooking lunck and getting ready for debbie to come for a grown up sleepover 
 I has a huge pack of giant buttons &amp; a bag of doritos.  @shinydan is fab! oh &amp; he brought me coffee and is making sausage butty for lunch
@fjkinnit yeah i'd love to sit back and enjoy a #banksy with a refreshing and uplifting #coca-cola 
hmm i know why ..i dont make breads anymore ..the taste shite ..but maybe this one is gna be better 
@pim2005 Mmmm definitely time for lunch then I guess! 
@kiiiiyoo i'm sorry kidd, yeah drink milky will soothe you 
Yes I like pina colada's, and getting caught in the rain 
@DeathIsAStar mmmmmm 
@madison_817 So cute!! Reminds me of lollipop26! 
@BrianMcnugget awww honey buns... don't get mad... get even  xx
prayen saturday will do good =]] soo ready  beach is sooo close i can taste the salty water lol as you can tell i am uuber boredd =]] ily
@gtmcknight hmmmmm....yogurt 
@semblance_er ended up getting chocolate schnapps. According to the guy from the store it was yummier and creamier 
@lu_cookie Mmmmm... you're allergic to doing exercise 
@barrywynn oh, pudding's fine.  plenty of thursdays have been skipped for pudding. 
finish eatin my breakfast ..yumm i made option #2  ...txtin todd until i fall asleep
R2 @kingsthings  ...and the diff btn caramel and b/scotch depends on the man you ask and where he wants to put it. 
Eating CinnaMelts yummy 
@emma_withers i've been brainwashed already, but there is some really nice kit just arrived from one of our clients in the office. tasty 
@kim_asterisk have a cheese-steak....send me the bill 
mmmmm champagne  hehe
Mmmm free sushi!!  complete happy camper!! and its endless! even better!!
so hungry i ate my 2 slices of pizza while driving :-x glad i didnt run off road. lady @ pizza hut looked like alleen wurnos. nice tho 
@claireliz81 heh, he's not the smartest cookie. but that's alright 
some chicken teriyaki and some crunch rolls on mah plate 
Mmmm the air smells like jasmine 
Mmm pinkberry-esque yogurt. Not quite the real thing but close enough  http://yfrog.com/10wv4j
Watching jonas and eating frozen yogurt w/ a neon green spoon 
@AdrianErdedi oh god wine and prawns u know how to make a good afternoon wine is soo nice I love it 
@xNonentityy hahah! did you get different flavors every time? hahah vanillas my favorite. with rainbow sprinkles! 
i'm gonna eat a lot this whole day.. yum yum!!!! 
Reese cups n cheetos n cigs. LOL I sent him to the store cuz I'm 2 baked 2 drive. 
@yolandagrey @aaroncarter7 yummy 
and i have some yummy greek yohgurt with passionfruit to go with it 
@treacherousd its soo cute.. i love black!.. you better wear a helmet! haha, uncooked ramen is soo good. 
eating spiral mac&amp;cheese with babe 
@enterthehaggis these streams are making me so anxious for celtic fling and philly folk... and creating new haggis!heads.  congrats!
Mmm... Flannel pajamas are one of the small joys in life. 
@sheilajb it's never too late for a veggie burger, sheila! 
just ordered a donair pizza  sooo excited!!!
enjoyed  some yummy icey margaritas earlier...and can't wait for tomorrow  &lt;3
@ljc oooh yum, grilled dinner , you have such nice food, neva had a funnel cake, they look delicious! 
Eating at jackie's in aiea. Not on my &quot;cheap&quot; list but oh so yummy! Pastele and beef  stew for me 
Having lime slurpee, LOL reminds me of liam 
mmm... interesting 
Now...time for some breakfast. Mmmm, favorite meal of the day  http://twitter.com/JamieABannister/statuses/1823974366
@1indienation Are you still free-jugging it? 
good morning everyone )  I'm having breakfast right now  yaay for mc muffin without ham 
@exitxemergency mmmmmm. caaaaass. 
@righeira race for the cure.. allora buona scampagnata 
Off to church  i wanna eat a spicy kebab.
and yes.... I have taken my homeopathic remedy too.  But the hot toddy tastes nice 
brb ppl need food lol 
@rosedewitt no wonder you know about frappe then  did you like athens?
@joshtastic1 I've got my smoothers, do the trick and tasty too 
@tinyalice its sooo yummy, i always get the biggest size 
@andrevr @allankent hmmmmm.... frothy 
@combustiblesong .......idk? i like all food.....well not all food......depends on what im in the mood for 
getting ready to go hv a lamb roast dinner.. english ways wit yorkshire pudding 'n stuf..   *yum*
mmm korean fried chicken 
sushi + cherry = yummy + happy 
@kyleandjackieo yep re-stocked on some hot chocolate 
#shortstack i love them muchlyy 
yum yum chocolate lol  me going too get some now
is about to go shoppin 
@Dojie lmfao mmm sunday dinner save me some  we had ours yday lolage 
@chevale chicken chop? yum!  hmm, idk. just wait for my mom to cook. haha if not then i'll eat schoko mac &amp; cream crackers LOL
@gracerowling http://twitpic.com/531vj - &quot;get me a plum. 2 plums. *squeezes*. RRRIIPPE. *sniffs* *bites* your artwork is unrivaled 
@MrFlossy Mmm #foodfetish ... love it 
#shortstack ftw 
salad-cherry tomatoes with japanese goma dressing. yum 
http://twitpic.com/5cru1 - filling up those 4am cravings  super nachos &amp; horchata!
@renee_66  haha is that too get all the hairspray out ??  .... #shortstack
lovin pippin..101k n still goin strong lol 
@JamFactory woah stock is going like hot cakes! congrats 
its 1 pm, im hungry, maybe i should get up.... nah not yet. wait till the chocolate cake is available as brunch 
mmm, love waking up to chilly breezes and snuggling further under cover. 
@annaliese_sarah i cant wait either  #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack
#shortstack 
@renee_66 @annaliese_sarah yep i agree too  #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack
Making some raison toast  mm yea, and listening to some of our mixes of new songs!
@FlissTee pleasantly quiet and rainy.... we have chicken with a sort of salsa-ey coating in the slow cooker smelling nice too 
#shortstack are the best  if you don't know them, check them out 
@dj_wonder water and some fried dumplings. 
mmmmmm goodmorning 
@ladymaryann okie! eat well dear! 
.. however - when itz running, it'll eat up any console, chew itz bones and spit them out. I'd tell u the spec, but I can't turn it on 
@ash_housewares maybe you're my backup soulmate?  sike.  but I am totally in love with cherry dr. pepper, gene simmons tells me to be 
i think i'll get some oreos 
jus after steamboat wit my 2 aunty 
I ate to much french fries  cooking with my bruder ist so much fun xD
http://twitpic.com/5bd5l - ...we organized them by flavor 
@Eminax3 uhmm. strawberries, if you have that or.. err.. toast  haha. no wait, chips  candyy xDD hahaa (: lysm&lt;33
stopped at mogges for some bbq sauce blimey its busy 
is eating mcdonalds 
Making french toast 
@bev562008 Dads are cool. I recommend them. 
almost done packing. yay, and I can even close my bag without having to jump on it ! .. pretty skilled , eh ? 
@Charliecondou good good..it looked yum   
@xginalive the house never smelled like chicken, fyi. it was just that old crinkle cut french fry on the stairs 
#shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack #shortstack 
just got out of church. got to see my bffizzle leah. in dunkin donuts nowwww  AlliRAWR!
 #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack #tokiohotel #shortstack
Haha I'm dumb.  That, &quot;you too!&quot; was supposed to be a reply =p  Mmm Chai tea 
Freebirds is a GREAT idea  mmmm veggie half bird 
i just made a cake! hah, excited! 
Mmm bws with @xolizleigh 
fist my mommy's making me french toast, thennnn swimming party 
nice ole hearty breakfast  sausage &amp; pancakes . . and some apple juice .
marks &amp; spencer cupcakes = yum 
@iiacovou haha aww! go make more pancakes  and send me some hehe
first my mommy's making me french toast, thennnn swimming party 
@danny_disaster_  just called me his spicy enchilada, i think its cause i am short and mexican and angry. 
oooh gotta go eat vegetarian sundayy roast then cookies 
Yay my fave live sigur ros track just came on random in the pub 
@AllTheJonesMen pls share the recipe for that iced coffee - sounds good right about now !!! 
Mmm... Pancakes, bacon, and berry tea for a late breakfast 
Mmmmmm hersheys cookies and cream 
Painting done, off for tea at the cavery now yum yum 
P.S. I am wearing the same exact thing I wore yesterday/slept in. Mmm, crusty. 
is waiting for her tea mmm chinese...my diet is ruined 
Making some mac &amp; cheese then taking a nap. 
@XOXOELLXOXO hiya , i saw you in angus  you were really good, what are you up to now? xx
just got done workin onmy fitness.... eating cinnamon roll oatmeal w coffee!!!  yummy!!
@WeeMagic lol no think hes making a bolognese - i dnt care as long as its pasta...im starvin!! 
@vincelaurent Aahh I would prefer to become a politician here than being the &quot;U&quot; big thing, plus i am not that smart. Bensoir 
@djskream hey that's by my casa . ahhhh u can still enjoy it with some drinks 
@katize most sushi joints have it. it is light red/off white in color with little specs of red beans in the middle. mmm. mmm. good. 
just had a cup of chicken soup, was alrite tbh  needed that !! :O  follow me on twitter everyone !
At mcdonalds drive through yum 
@alyssacakes, but with a special dose of meee 
Yumm jus had a bowl of lucky charms...Mmm my fav 
@alabear we can just saty in mt. carmel 
shmoked a bong watchin animal planet about to get ready for sushi with the fimlurs rents  his bdays is wed
@beejit Yes! from the dudes selling burritos out the back of their trucks! tons of those in albuquerque too. good eats for cheap 
Mmm lemon berry slush, that made my morning better 
soup sunday yummy 
Just had an amazing homemade breakfast prepared by my oh.so.domesticated gf  bitch can cook LoL
jus got back from my grandmas house!!! 
out at taste of arlington 
Eating tons of food and watching cant hardly wait with my bestest! 
@PrashSiv aaah!! that's the trick!! thanks 
bottega louie with moms and broke the bank at the bakery...i tried all those damn macarons! @madmojo alliteration is fun 
@louiselol oooh I like that colour. I went for a light mocha 
@j_a_m_e_s_k: never tried naan with chili--bet that is delish. btw, what does &quot;WTYRF&quot; stand for? you know us yanks--clueless! 
Just touched down in the A...layover. hmmm i think i need a cocktail 
so it seems mini-sharks ? suppose 2be in salt water...duh, i think i knew that LOL...off 2get fake salt so all fishes can breathe merrily 
just bought some dane cook tickets. all is good. 
Parents are over, just finished working on the backyard, now its bbq time mmm! 
is eating soup! haha, i eat alot 
@Balance510  fresca frisco is on the ocean so everywhere i guess ,but  probably you CAN'T  GO   LOL
@twit_julie from mcdonalds, they mixed up my orders and gave me a strawberry and apple pie for free! i got home and saw it and SMILED 
Mmmm smells like homemade enchiladas and mexican rice 
@NinaPRinDYT lol hey chica!! i have been good....just put the bad one to sleep...bout to relax in the tub   how was ur weekend?
nice party w/the fam... hot as hell tho! yummy ice cream cake! my fave! its cooled off considerably. yay! 
@tab1376 my bother got em from from somewhere...tasted like chicken 
ahhhh! skins is making me procrastinate so much !!!!!!! but so gooood 
@SamanthaToy I agree.  but we have this place called EVOO market that seems a little excessive. Haha
drinking a delicious diet pepsi .. 
Mmm, laying in my nice cozy bed.  I can't wait for tomorrow!!
@SOOJUICY when can i find out how juicy u r...  
@mark_ca b/c it didn't like the taste of 'em  hehe.
Mmm...Bite size chips ahoy. CALORIES! Haha but I gave up fast food 
@__MissB Mmm, I just might do that. Not really a good substitute for the gym though 
That concert was sure fantastic tnx david arculeta and david cook!!!!!!! 
mmm.... junk food is good hehe 
@brookeburke great post!  Sounds like you're a great cook -- made me hungry 
#auscert is anyone else spoiling their dinner by eating way too many free mentos? Mmmmm. Mentos 
@ohmanitsjessa did you know they make a rocky road snickers? I had no clue. Its tasty  I'd bring you one if we were in the same hemisphere
@marcywoz sherry fraser!!!! 
just watched the new dane cook special  fukin hilarious XD
oops! i almost forgot i have a triple choco boom in my bag... yum! 
@savagestar im fuckin peachy. music. nite. vanilla coke.    how are you?
tea and toast = yum. 
@SinnamonLove ahh ok, i see you chose hot chocolate.. yum.. 
Burnt...legs, arms, head, neck. Mmm, the sun exposure was worth it 
is watching metalocolypse after dane cooks isolated incident..i am entertained 
late lunch - yellow cab's charlie chan chicken pasta. now drinking starbucks white mocha americano for merienda.  sarap!
@mellalicious 2 min noodles 
@throwboy mmmm i can feel the softness of that pic 
@TagAlongTess :: lol. @redheadgoddess makes spag bol with red wine. But she's lush. 
Mmmm, part of my breakfast includes a yummy tiramisu. I approve. 
uguigkuygffjhfhjfhj is about how i feel today. Trying to settle the ol' stomach with a cup of fennel tea 
going to make a thai red curry this week as well.   i looove thai red curry.
is eatting a corner youghurt yum yum  i just pinched my mums by accident 
Watching the new dane cook stand up on comedy central,he is hillarious 
well, no krispy kremes for me.. but just seeing him again is a treat. 
Having chips at wimpy with nathan 
@ciaranokeeffe ...kettle going for as long as poss 
@fitSpirit that my darlin' you may, they r cakes with the secret ingredient being honey...LOL...but my parent get back tomm so for them 
Watching the eurovision I recorded with a bowl of crunchy nut cereal  will go and get on with stuff in a min...
@ramseymord hahaha ... enak loh excelso arabica dibikin pake ala drip  (vietnam drip coffee maker)
Is up eating bananas &amp; oranges and watchin family matters after I just got out the tub, I feel good!  goin nite nite soon...
@titanas Mmmmm.... all sounds great 
nuffink just finished dinner. i had chicken chowmein. or howeva yuh spell it lol  .
#whocangetit DRAKE! Mmm tooo sexy 
@easeier yeah share some candies along also 
Let's?start cooking ! Yakisoba Yakisoba, Japanese flied noodles 
@marksable there are wagamama noodle bars in boston  not sure whether that is anywhere near you though but we are there!!
@missannajane &quot;squeeze my lemon til the juice runs down my leg&quot; can you name the artist who sang this song?  hint...he created blues kinda
@LstInTheSeeThru http://twitpic.com/5f228 - I just want to be the oreo cream filling...  *tickles*
hmm  i had rice crispies lol i felt about 5 it was awesome listening to the saturdays while i gte ready 
@nye4 I'll follow you now - you've proved to be interesting  (and a good cook...)
Mmmm slim fast and a fruit cup... Yummy breakfast 
@JustDes be strong hun  I'm cheering you from over here. resist resist resist. chew on a carrot stick for disctraction, that's not a diss!
Having raisins while blogging.. em... 
just made some awesome cheese on toast... who knew it tastes so good with worcester sauce?! 
Mmmmmm tim tams  think I might make a cuppa tea too!
but! taters were still yummy! I can be proud of that at least. 
eating raspberry yougurt mmmmm good!!! then an italian calzone 
just woke up + its cheerios timeeee 
@liswebnet hmmm at the bakery 
@Custardcuppcake huh?? I like apples. 
@dda @marcelekkel @jlojlo @raykwong um, we got an early start here  champagne 
is eating Vietnamese noodles  http://plurk.com/p/uj2wx
HAHA : sexyhairphobia &gt;) ilu saralaw.  and kristineT. ! dahahaa , ???!   feel like eating some sour patches(: ! lets talkk ,
@steph1985 all good. that's the magical part  I visit there this winter, and eat a lot.  dan-tsai noodles,chicken,pudding, fried shrimp...
@IanMacleod81 just stick the the musical fruit and veg then hunni, but oh aye cheese would have been totally delish 
Ah, nectar of the beanie god! That's better. If I'm going to go insane, let it at least be clasping a latte to my bosom 
is ready for the day no matter what she hears!!! Mmmm pilates does a body good 
@lexirodrigo heh, that is a good point  Just like baking empanada instead of frying still makes for a flavourful empanada. 
@desipage mccafe Mondays .... mmmm good 
Mmm  this comforter is so warm and this position so comfortable. I dont want to ever move.
Just had beans on toast mmmm 
ok.. lunch... i'm up for it, so I'm gona go get me a jambon 
is (hungry) sate ampal eh sate ambal....  http://plurk.com/p/ujqx3
ah, glorious are the days when you can drink yoghurt thats thicker than mayonnaise 
@kennedymaine &quot;stay positive&quot; whooaaa deja vu?  oh salsa and noodles sounds disgustinggggg
@brownowl77 me too! though lots of avocado so not THAT good! yum 
@brspall fantastic! well done  im revising/cooking soup from scratch - i love these levels of proscratination!! i cant spell that word..
coles brand cup noodles, ftw! 
has to go to bed. imma play ds and eat honey soy chicken chips  adios twitter!
Mmmm green tea.. 
will be eating spicy tuna rolls while watching scrubs  http://plurk.com/p/uk3r9
http://twitpic.com/5f8vt - motivation to wake up! asiago bagel 
Mmm, coffee 
Morning coffee. . .ohh soo delightful 
Ugh, I hate mornings... least I don't have to get up  ..pizza in da oven, remote control.. I'm gooooood
Mmm, bacon and eggs plus toast and jam for brekkies.   Now just to ignore the pain and get to work :-/
Sitting in french watching ratatouille. 
@invalid_reality hahaha *steals your coffee and heats it up in the microwave* I got about a sentence written. Thanks for asking! 
e nice acasa ... racoare si cola on the rocks, more please 
chuck renewed, yaaay 
suelynn brought us treats. get them before andy eats them all 
@mikeldkelso coras for brekkie and some reading is what ill be doing 
@dancingman yep  @serdar I can now, can has fridge which means can has milk which means good homemade coffee!
@jeffisageek http://twitpic.com/5fbq3 - I LOVE grilling bacon. Makes it perfect every time.  Looks yummy!
@ithacajake k ty  yummy eggplants
I hear the pitter-patter of tiny feet.  maddy's up!  lata  
goodmorning  having a protein shake then starting chores.. then hopefully outt?  textt mee 
@mikeysonor  wow.nope, i have had similar combos, but thats sounds amazing. I did however, make myself a slammin salmon burger yesterday! 
 *exited* I just bought some oreos!! I hope everyone likes oreos..
and whoda thought lil ol me can do a spag bol from scratch and make it taste great 
@ken_at_windward lol. well, you won't die if you skip one meal.. 
Mmm... gotta love wine after work  Massages too, but no one is up for giving me one.
drinking pina colada and surfing the internet. life is good. 
Late night jack in the box run. Mmmm, I can practically taste those fried tacos 
@josephranseth you know #3hotwords &quot;you were right&quot;....just saying hunka-hunka  lol
@CosmicFaery cant stand the smell of it either! yuk 
@prinsesarah koraaak!!! we enjoy wine laters!  they have nice salad - you order roka salata w/ feta cheese (ayan ngrecommend na)
@iLoveColbyO i meant soft and chewy chocolate chip cookies lol...im such a loser hehe 
@samantharonson hey are you having fun here in manila? go rock the whole city!  and don't forget to try the lechon. 
a tiple or two at the craddocks, soon out to dinner  where's my jess face!!
Mmm having tweeted for a while.  All s good just busy, busy. Home from work to study 
@WOMENONTOP ok sweety pie!!  have goodnight! love you!! &lt;3333
@iAMAliceCullen_ mmm i just finished my first hunt 
just listenin to music now, mite go make some crumpets in a mo  Mmmm food.... 
But we too embarrased to ask  first time kev has not had brown sauce on his sausage. He mad for the stuff.
Just made some yummy red jelly 
@commiecripple  I love my crush..just being in a room w him shivers up my spine.  Mmmmmm
http://twitpic.com/5oj0f - cool drinks + a good book = HAPPINESS 
@erin82883 no! cookie crisp bandits  http://myloc.me/1nmt
http://twitpic.com/5oj63 - I stuck the landing 
#andyclemmensen #bradiewebb #shaundiviney #shortstack 
http://twitpic.com/5oj9s - That's a strange name for a carrousel, hein? 
@iLoveColbyO I have a question, are you sure that the colby we are following is the real colby o'donis?? 
#shaundiviney#bradiewebb#andyclemmensen#shortstack    ily! &lt;3
@the_apostate  now a chocolate brazil.....mmm or a buttered brazil..... no they are unsucked
@wantit Mmmm looks scrummy! I'm gonna get back into smoothie making today after seeing that 
@laurarosebrown ohhh yum. i had pancakes with melted choco spread ha  x
@coqette yum yum  i should bake something too on the weekend. now that i'm at my parents + actually have an oven. @just_ordinary thanks! ?
is looking forward to fish and chips for lunch to celebrate my promotion! woop woop 
cookies!!!! me dan and jim stayed up until 12 ha ha, me and jim woke up at 6  and i just had a shower and kooked a pitiful breakfast fun!
@FionaFlame Mmmm any nights good enough for pizza 
#bradiewebb #andyclemmensen #shaundiviney #shortstack #bradiewebb #andyclemmensen #shaundiviney #shortstack 
---- jus  came back from lavish lounge... best tyme 
Going out for dessert tonight - I'm taking brandy snaps.  So no dinner for me ~ rather leave lots of room for all that yummy sweet stuff. 
#followfriday @Annjj  cos she tastes like cherry cola  xxxx
@xohpanic Haha yesss add meeeee I'm online coconut_allergies[at]hotmail.com 
eating sushi and dim sim. after eating nutella sandwiches and a 6inchc sub from subway. gosh, im so fat 
@dda curry....with some cheap indian whisky in chunking mansion 
haaaaaaa hahaha, they're selling energy tablets in the servery during finals week!  I know what I'm using my meal plan up on, mwa hah. :p
@juuggirlhannah dayyyyuum *throws the popcorn* she poppin it go lew go lew popp it popp it ohhhhhh o dang girl i aint know u cud do dat 
snuggle with bella a little while longer. she's so clean and my sheets are too. i don't want to get up 
fish and chips tonight! mmmm 
@ankita_gaba ohh.. then its cool 
@Glasgowlassy lol oh that's a big buffet of hangover right there!! That'll be me tomorrow!! I like grilled bacon/poached egg sarnie tho! 
Mmm you're going to pay for that and tbh im gonna love it 
@ankita_gaba nice thought..tweeter matrimony.. 
Watching chasers war on everything dvds tonight  treating thy self to organic mango yoghurt.
901 followeri ! Thanks #followfriday and @pyuric ;) dau un nestea de lamaie bun de tot 
Mmmmm big ears unite. 
@NatalieGreen   You could be me... just substitute Indian for Thai.  Mmmm... red going down a treat.  
@tatterededges http://twitpic.com/5oqua - Mmm that looks divine! 
waiting for my diet coke and cake  mmmm
@BigDaws havent had lunch and now craving for bangers n mash!!! is that answer ur question daddy!! 
yummmmmmmm sooooo lovin this watermelon right now 
@ashleigh92 not talkin to me :'( haha, im only joking  mmm eggy bread, want some baba ;o i love you xxx
@kyle270 Mmm that will be good  haha, whats happening tonight by the way, am i coming to yours?love you x
ahhh my own word &quot;fizzy chicken pop pops&quot; noooooo one can steal it! 
I love to play world of warcraft  eating peanut butter jellies in my moms basement, im a sexy 300 pound stud and i fuck on first date 
@TheGreenWelly Mmm, don't no what you're reffering to. I was reffering to the pink whisky bottle 
@blake_wood ..Chocco buns 
Mmm coffee time. Starbucks is my friend! 
Mmmm boobs, want a cuddlecuddle with boobs 
@revjesse too late *burp*   I'm soooo classy 
mmm  qualityy products
@louie88 My pleasure!  
Just got out of class. And now I am enjoying a latte and apple fritter thingy from the best coffeeshop that I have ever been in! 
@TimothyH2O are u eating ferrero rocher?? &amp; now I know why ur bitter haha jk I love me some dark chocolate 
makin' chips 
@singyourlife206 Mmmm I just got a soy chai! It's gonna be a GRREEAAAT day 
Throwing a coin into the trevi fountain in rome, gelati time! 
@NickJClare &quot;my wee ginger&quot; hahahahahahaha 
@doit2it http://twitpic.com/5n6bj - you'd be so proud of me, by the way. I put lettuce, mayo, and ketchup on my burgers now 
Gumballs. So juicy... 
making french toast! 
@MrEricPiRaTe awesome! I made a note to myself so when I'm craving for huli huli chicken I'll know who to tweet to. LOL  could u send
mmm breakfast tacos and coffee 
@photogirl66 didn't know that about @jvdgecafe -- i love a good biscuits and gravy tho! it's on my list now 
It was yum 
im gunna eat some waffles cuz i finally got some!  then later today i might go see a movie
eating skittles yummy 
@tim_shelbourne some american hick!    mmm lunch!!
@giagia are you having a sweepstakes on the babys weight? I'll guess at 10lb 2oz 
is thinking about actually making some french fries right now 
@TechBabe the cavs are going down like a sweet muffin. 
@rachelreadsalot mmmmm 
Thanks for the soup and tea, amy and kit! You two are phenomenal 
&quot;got that super soaker, pussy pop like cola coca plus it's tighter den a choker, got him smilin' like the joker.&quot; my nicki fix. 
praise the lord or bagels with cream cheese  yum!
@sunshiine88 they got fryed polar bear tho.. yummy!! 
@mokewon And each meal includes an amuse bouche, pomme frites, and palatte cleanser before dessert. 
what a damn nice nasi briyani nyum nyum 
@ellenngo jess &amp; i got another wine from the same winery as the moscato. it's a red/rose with a similar taste, called stella rosa. try it 
mmmmm pappi mmmm. my baby's bringing me a big huge salad.  im sooo excited!
Mmmmmm tea and home baked biscuits. The two together are medicine for the soul 
eating menudo. my favorite! yum-yum. 
soooo im finally at home at 2:08 am....not drunk buh tipsy a lil not much!! now im bored so twitz talk to me lolz while i eat pizza yum 
@thechicagored @southsidehitman night you two  i feel like i'm in a raison bran commercial - two scoops ... 
@BritishJen um fatty  jen really i dont know if that was a good idea haha
@slango actually they're quite meaty...mmmmm........ 
@ichigojuice: i'm old. T-T ??is it okay for me to annoy you this much? haha. anywaaaay. who's yer fave F4? well the one goo junpyo leads. 
Mmm quesidillas, cigarettes, the movie ten inch hero, and smuggling with laura 
Mmm im off to dream about beautiful dancer boys  goodnight my loves
@_bella__ jusst chill 
@stacigarrison ill give yo a klandike bar 
red wine and uno with my wonderful roomies 
mmmmmm.. I'm doing... fine thnks! xD wht about u? 
aahh grease 2 
made and ate french toast with vanilla. Not sure if i like it better than the standard but it was still yummy 
Is full of frys and a shake. 
@chef69 yum, i'm half greek so i love anything mediterranean/exotic 
sittin in my room eatin milano cookies sooo yummmy! 
Mmmm, 4 cups of coffee later a site has been prepped for business. It's been a productive night. 
having lunch at cafe mediterranean  luv the food here!! stress-free friday yey!!
sux to be dokic right now. retirement on a match she winning. chin up girl! you too coney croissants on me 
mcdonalds sweet tea. hello new addiction. 
Yumcha was DELISH!!!  Mmmmmmm........
#followfriday@martinboz @sampotts@barra_brava--got a favorite? It's #followfriday--share! 
@lalavazquez what is it?? lol... y these ladies hatin on it like this...  i know u have good taste.
Mayhas crushed twinkies XD haha 
@Traaai mmm jr bacon cheeseburger with a baked potato and coke sounds satisfyingly good right about now! Or a baconator lol or a frosty ! 
happy tummy  thank you quarter pounder cheeseburger! *burp*
@BryanGT3RS  im'a stickin honey 
@dymundeyessz hmmmmm i have some chocolate pudding cold chillin in my fridge  lol your making me want it
Mmmm, hot peppermint tea w/ honey &amp; while watching TVLand! I love the good old shows...(even tho they were before my time) 
@druidDUDE: mmm one of my fav restaurants 
is back from lunch and bought hello panda  http://plurk.com/p/wx6es
just ate the best steak n avocado sandwich!!mmmmm yum yum 
had some popeyes chicken, yum yum 
@ginapham a grain of salt, or a squirt of nuoc mam? 
The study ball enslaves your lazy kids: http://bit.ly/13Qr96 Mmmm, sexy! 
@iamdiddy wha really made u think of lemonade &amp; ciroc? jus outta curiosity soundz yummy 
@kkkkk hahaha yay please print a nicer one. mate the one with the apple pies?? 
jusy got home. eatin an apple haha my bro is over 
@chinhuatw bring some soya sauce along lah 
@mikegracan  i think we should make sme spaghetti 
i like limes and gauging and chips and smokes and george lopez and summer. 
@DavidArchie im eating nasi lemak now! haha remember me ? the ABCDEFGHIJ 
Righto going to do the long haul in something called a Jucy vehicle. It's basically a bed on wheels 
mmm homemade cheesecake. Yes, I can bake 
yum yum swedish fishies  mmm lets chat.haha
um watching mulan eating rice drinking koolaid then going to bed 
@mishisherbert HAHA i used to be in love with ff. &amp;i had a chocolate covered donut  aw well i really cant wait to tell you! its alot sorta
@calvinharris i find a cuppa hot water helps the loogies out... and we all know somethings are better out than in  enjoy Dooobai.
Mmm peanut butter 
just getting ready, going to nans soon 
OH: &quot;I need a lot more garlic sauce on these dumplings because I'm conducting tomorrow.&quot; 
@meerasapra thats a nice cartoon but now a days I don't like coffee because of this vending machine  ha ha I stopped drinking too...
@BakeMeUpLA hahaha  will do!  well, i'll try...just ate a gianormous piece of chocolate cake...kinda wired  but yummmmmmm
OH: &quot;I need a lot more garlic sauce on these dumplings because I'm conducting tomorrow.&quot; 
drinking the tear drops of my past lovers I stored in a glass jar, ha hah. I am so thirsty for love. we all are. 
It seems @stephenfry just endorsed myhandle.com  they're new slogan is: 'damned clever' - stephen fry
mmmm....my vampire ....is amazing... 
@sulphuroxide yeah the merlot of that was right across. but i got the last syrah of it   
@michelledodd hehe shanks, i'll pass them on 
nick is such a stud muffin 
eatin' oreos with Crapster 
its a nice brite morn... havin a nice tyme @ a client location 
@robinyi lol nice. i had a double double animal style w/ raw onions and drank water. onion breath ftw 
@HollywoodIntern : ohh ii never had that . im too greedy to order off the dollar menu . ii loves the double doubles with animal fries 
@jesse_la no, trying to meet baby spice! 
@oglagger u can't let spanish ruin you! you gotta run spanish! burrito please!!! 
@glazou Mmm, I can understand that 
kutai, tuna, tarakihi, whitebait and that's just the first couple of days oh man ka pai 
sat in 1st class having breakfast. hmm smoked salmon or full english ! there's just to much choice 
