Most common words for this cluster:
[('mom', 956), ('dad', 419), ('daddy', 123), ('mum', 117), ('mommy', 116), ('grandma', 86), ('amp', 80), ('lol', 63), ('w', 48), ('home', 40), ('mother', 35), ('day', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'mom', 0.9178956747055054), (u'dad', 0.8804620504379272), (u'daddy', 0.8230193853378296), (u'grandma', 0.7821300029754639), (u'Dad', 0.77755206823349), (u'Mom', 0.7680472135543823), (u'momma', 0.7521488666534424), (u'mama', 0.7507172226905823), (u'mommy', 0.7483450174331665), (u'mother', 0.7443214654922485)]





@heidimontag why do you put up with him!!!!!  You should listen to your mom 
just found out that my mum  and my adopted auntie are on twitter.. check them out my mum is TessM64 and my awesome as auntie is tania38
I was woken up by my mom. now i cant get to sleep. 
@belikejoshx it hurt like a mother fucker 
i'm hungry and mommy isn't hereeeee 
@PhillyD i'm so sorry to hear about your father  us sxephil fans wish you and your dad all the best! we're by ur side
Suddenly my son screaming &amp; crying loudly  poor him maybe he had a bad dream  sleep tide my love.. sweetdream please.. mom ? U'
Working on my songg for aunt nan.   kinda hard and crying while I write it :'(
@HaileyATL her mom always finds something to say to make her not go.. im sure she will if not umm.. idk 
@xkeijukainenx WTF? I would disown my family if they did that!  That's some bs and I feel bad for your mommy. 
@triplepatte And very fond of the booze and chocolate! lol That stinks having a crappy mom... not like you can 'find a new one' 
just found out my grandpa has terminal cancer 
My mom made me take out my belly button piercing. 
missing out on wine tasting with my mom-in-law. oh so sad 
I haven't eaten. I'm hungry  and my dad already started fighting. We're waiting for the cable guy to finish. But we have no stove
still feeling bad  no fun. but going to eat with the dad and stepmom.
@chelchik no.....not with my dad......  i wish......
my grandma is coming over today, yah! my mum is hassiling me about cleaning 
it makes me really sad to see my mom cry  
Babyshowerington with mom dukie while I'm hungover and sick 
praying for my grandma 
Is gonna have a 14 year old on my care very soon while her dad and my ex boyfriend (her bro) is off to jail  holy crap
@poonican papa bailed on us... 
i miss mike a lot. #brotherblues its weird having mom, dad, scottie, justin, and me all in one room without him. 
today sucked im going to bed now  lexi im going to call you from my dad/brother/moms phone tommorow
i need my mommy   &amp; my daddy  
Listening to saturate in tears..  I miss my dad
talking about graduation n moving out with my mom makes me sad 
missing my mommy !   
my mom and i had a fight 
Ugh my mom is such a grouch... I can't wait to move out 
going to visit my grandpa, and then training cisv...  i only want to sleep......
@amazingphoebe mum said you couldn't come over 
Sometimes my mum is so annoying 
@ceridwenthecat I hope your mama comes back soon. This is so sad.  
At mom and dads relaxing. Not looking forward to working tomorrow 
@amazingphoebe i don't know yet phoebe, i'll ask mum soon, i guess 
Hates it when his mom and dad are fighting 
heading to church with my dad and alex - then seeing them off 
@kjbmusic so inappropriate  I wanted to come but I was up too late taking care of ash...my mom there?
I just had a huge fight with my mom   now she won't even talk to me 
cause mom got up late 
Apparently im not the best driver  i scare my daddy
My mam pinched my telly  x
Fighting tears as my mom and I talk about jr.  
my mom keeps telling me i smell 
on the third floor. trying to hide form mom and maid. my mom is about to tell her that we are moving. expecting to see some tears... 
dad making me do h/w....... 
hello monday. i miss my mom. 
i missed the ym confe with my girlfriends because my mom used my laptop. 
i hate my mom when her being like a crazy angry child 
I want to go the feck home  all my dad does is shout at me!!!!!
@singswell yay.  they need to bring him back as a regular.  as well as ali larter.  i miss them  they should resurrect his mom somehow lol
didnt realise how ill mother was  she needs me  was gunna go college, but have to go hospital with her later :S x
I just found a box full of unfinished knitting that my mom was making for kami 
is having a situation , my mom hates me 
I'm not allowed to pet or be close to my cat, my mom told me he was going to make me worse. 
My dad is so nasty! he just said that he was in hospital cause he hurt himself  not funny     i was scared
YAY!! I get to see my mum, step-dad, my two lil bros &amp; my baby sister  missed them dearly 
dad woke me up 
waiting for mum to get in so i can meet scoot 
My moms singing is terrible  sorry mom but it is. ahah love you though. I want some coca colaaaa
@theroser @iamthecommodore @ThePISTOL @RiskyBusinessMB have fun at bamboozle! my dad will be working it &amp; seeing you, i won't until 7/15 
@AdamRawsonBrown  R u excited to see your grandpa?
@Uteldar @mom2asha04 how i miss it tho  ... sometimes
I wish my mom and I could have a normal relationship. It's never gonna happen. 
....I miss my mommy 
i love havin my momma here! i miss texas too much 
my first bday without my grandpa 
mom kinda hurt my feelings  sniffle
really don't feel well at all... and my mum's still making me go shopping with her 
Why does my nose keep plugging up?!I don't have a cold.  had dream my mom was preg &amp; going into labor &amp; her husband didn't know wtf to do.
my dad is in hospital due to gastric, waiting for follow-up from doctor 
i miss my mom 
I'm convinced that my dad likes @chriscavallucci better than me. He gave him his new address, but not me 
Bout to head to urgent care both mom n me. 
I lost my mom 
@nuttychris lmao my mum said that after she had me  rofl
I'm rlly rlly mad at my mom! I hate where I live tooo!!! 
my mom is threatening poor lil ellie  
hateing on my dad cause he might not let me go to the formal 
sad. i miss my dad 
Watching hockey... All alone  ok, with my mum. But you cant cuddle romantically with a mum now can you?
missing my grandpa 
Why did my dad give me $100 at the casino to leave him alone 
lil man back 2 his mom... 
missing my mom 
@fcfdillon I'm sorry to hear about your dad.  I'll be praying
i can't, my mom will murder me 
@mickeyshow My mom hates any music that's not Vietnamese. 
@vtknitboy yeah. I called her mom-mom. 
I miss my lappy and my daddy 
My own dad just told me i look like a noob when i wear my earphones 
is starving  waiting for mom&amp;dad to come home.
@SaraDfromCali I raise them for milk!  I used to make soap too, but all my &quot;helpers&quot; have grown up &amp; no longer want to help mom!  
@gauntletwrites i was. lastnight. it was my dad's bday. i had to go home right away. sorry 
Fml really why theheck does my mom drop me off at school so flippin early  &amp;&amp; im best friend less
I miss my mom 
am bored all alone since my mom seems to forget she has two daughters  miss my dad wish he was still alive
@ssoun126  my mother gets migraines so it is probably one or the other... they are inherited
My mom keeps smoking and it has me dying for a clove 
just got ditched by my sister. we were going to go shoppong for our mom.... guess not anymore. 
sometimes when a mommy and a daddy love eachother very much they make a baby who grows up and sucks at writing journalism papers. 
I really wanna buy a puppy when I get paid but my mom would kill me 
my grandma Beardlsee..has cancer. 
my mom is away   miss her
IMing cass. no, mom won't buy me the tickets anymore  haha.
wishing i could see my mom 2morrow 
I miss my daddy 
baking my mom's cake ... I'm so ready for bed 
i'll waiting my mom ! iughiugh...i want eating quickly cause i'm so hungringgg hhuuuaaa 
went shopping, found a dress i liked. but mom said wasn't formal enough for graduation  bought half dozen roses for mom. they were pretty.
@amanduh_paige  oh yea happy mom's day. i didn'y greet my mom. 
Missing my mommy 
My mom saw me baking before it was all done 
dear sleep, i am sorry for waiting for my brother to come home. onli becuz it's mother's day 
wonders what to do to convince her mom  http://plurk.com/p/svl48
mothers day just aint the same when ya mum aint around anymore 
Going to nap then take care of my mom 
mum just snapped at me for no reason and now I feel unloved...  @melissaohh lucky you, your mum is being loving
so hungry.  my parents are on holiday- didn't even give flowers or sth to my mom 
@austincarlile i feel you, i lost my mom too. 
i made a playlist for my mom i wasnt supposed to cry.  tears of joy i will always love and appreciate my mom!!!!!!!!!
I won't to find my dad but I can't 
appreciates her mum 
i ? my mom.. she's the best mom in the philippines..in the earth..in the entire universe! i mizz you mom!  i wish i could be with you!
im home.. miss my mum...  (bought roses for the mum of my child.... remember you have only one!.. big kiss for all your mothers)
why cant u act like another motherly mom.. 
I want my mom... 
i miss my mommy 
So grandma and mama turned me down for breakfast at ihop 
I miss my mommy. 
Uhoh, mom's bf says new cat and he is fighting with the other one. what can we do? 
is getting mcdonalds and park with mom &amp; sister, then bk from 2 - 8.. yucky   bbL
my mom wont let me go on a cruiz with my aunt next year 
What was supposed to be a nice gesture for my mom... could have killed me 
Thinking about my mom today The kind of mom she wanted to be, the kind of mom she had to be the kind of mom she ended up being 
i have failed as a daughter. fuck 
I slept through my alarm and didn't get up to make my mom breakfast   
still can't reach my mom, seems like I'll have to stick with a sms... 
i miss my mommy 
wish i was home with the fam... stupid finals. miss my mom 
is sitting on her magic throne thinking about two things: 1.How my mom is the best mom ever!, and 2. That I have MILLIONS of things to do 
I feel like the worst daughter ever. I didn't make breakfast for my mom OR do the dishes. -_- But she wouldn't let me! 
i miss my mommy 
at home and kinda sad..... my mom passed away 4 yrs ago so i have no one to give a gift too! 
I love my mom..so wot if she hates me 
ahhhhh so bored.  wating till my mom gets home 
@natsecular  but you can still celebrate not being a mom.
p.s; i miss my daddy! 
so sleeepy  my mom and @kluska07 's mom are having coffee and cheesecake together today. how cute :')
my mom left me home cuz she is mean 
@ArmyOfMeat That's some serious bad karma.  I'm sorry your mom doesn't get her flowers 
@tluckow and now I feel bad because you asked, and they came out and told my dad. 
I miss my mom and dad  I'm going to convince them to go bowling with me when I visit
@xlovexaholicx i know but i wanted to send her a gift  i always make her a card .-. what did you do to your mom?
finally home and all but miss my mommy and daddy all ready 
i'm stuffed.  my mom is grumpy because the lakers lost 
Wish I had a mom 
mad lakers lost. didnt get to see my mom for mom day. plus i cant make a vid for youtube until i fix my camera 
@actormt I wish I was with my mommy 
I miss my mom 
@MimoManzil what a bad thing to say...d world may be selfish, sweetheart, but no mother is...i'm disappointed to hear this from you... 
just got home from my mom's mother's day party..ugh! sooo tired..  pix will soon be posted on my myspace.. myspace.com/gilbertgarcia ortiz
i miss my mommy 
My dad and I are unable to cook. We made dinner for my mom. I feel like my stomach is going to blow up from pain 
's mother is sick on mother's day. how uncool is that? poor mommy. 
Wish my mom was here 
@cinamonsunshine aww you guys are cute! &amp; now i miss my mommy 
Sometimes I wish that I had a different mom...Shes not that nice all the time and its not cool at all 
I'm really really missing my mommy right now 
My mom needs to shut it already 
y didnt i wait to watch 1408 w/ @ashleytisdale instead of watching it by myself in my dark garage w/ my dad snoring B4 i go to bed! Ahh! 
hates how older graduated siblings can by finer mom bday gifts 
cont: well i guess i can stop telling my mom that when i am rich and famous i will take care of her cause i just realized i never will be 
@MariaJonas09 dude im sooo' sorry  my phone died and my mom you know did her annual inner mean mom thing ya know? lol
 dad is leaving and wont be back til the wedding.
I am so sad about this. I didn't notice until grandma asked me if there was a nest. 
i'm so tired, but the kiddo is up, so no more sleep for mommy 
my mom is hung the fuck over! bitch ruined my cookies!  ohhh well. i still love my mom... i think. kidding? you think!
I really want to talk to her. But my mom's too effin nosey! 
I miss my mommy so much. 
@MattJIsCool lmao. no.  my dad un-installed it.
waiting her mom for breakfastt...when will she call my nameeeeee.. 
@heyennovy seriously?! LOL my mom said she didn't even notice until I mentioned it to her 
@lonniehodge 'page not found'  my dad is really keen on seeing that one!
He destroys my mom and i cant do anything. 
I'm at my mom's and I can't sleep!!! I dunno why 
@agengbudiananti oh well  but heey you got the best mom and brother in the world so why on earth you have to care about that dad right?
Blergh have to go to my grandma 
being dragged off to bolton abbey by my dad.  BBOOOONNKERS!
oooookay my mom said no -.-' anyways i have to learn physiks  i haaaate iit!!!
My mom is going to cook me some dinner!  Yay for free-ness cuz I'm poor  lol
@ARobotsDeath your mum wouldn't be pleased  i'm sure...
I'm so sick. I'm glad my mom let me skip soccer or else I might have fainted or thrown up. 
@anthonylara annas mom hates me. And i was goin to invite myself to her house . . 
Not anymore   she is just staying with her daddy
@AngieCas your mom is in my prayer. 
i miss my mom  
My mom won't let me wear convers with my dress 
@thenick700 my dad wouldn't let me 
 I was helping mommy clean and we found clothes we bought for daddy that he never got to wear.
the mom just left 
My mom's cockatiel just died. 
I'm want my mommy. 
-@mom_meSchultz you haven't tweeted me or responded to my emails   are you missing?  I want my mommy!
I kinda miss my mommy 
@MartyJB123 yea i know. but it hurt.  i'm telling my mom on you right now so she can call you and tell you you're on drugs.
I feel so exhausted .... Mentally n physically  I miss my mommy so much 
@ohsailor my dad screwed them shut after some drama    I'm inside now though!  haha :]
@rickypl1978 aaaw can I come with u  LOL it was my dad who always done my hair my mum was hopeless! No kids 3year old goddaughter
@SUPERskimzYUUUP swooossshing  made me sad. but yh then i had lollies.. then my mum took em -.-
@ajibahajibah tell that to my daddy 
@emoh at clinic now with nana. She got fever. 
No buyer   might just end up taking dad!!
Missing my daddy's! They always have to work or go abroad...  thank god I'm at granny!
Pissed @ my mom. She is dropping me at the front 
still waiting for my mom to come out from her mammogram...my mind is raising 
Watching the latest 90210 ep online. Also am in the hospital with my mom watching my grandpa die! 
@emaatwell haha my dad took my phone away cuz i was on it too much and too late 
@bella456 I get frustrated when she's like this. These r the times I REALLY hate her dad 
Its too early to get up  why must I work  I need a sugar daddy
I'm hungry but my mom is away... 
@Kingtardy take it back  i called him my dad lol
i dont like to explain myself to my mom sometimes. its so hard because we're both equally bad at each other's languages. ugh. 
last.fm won't scrobble my dad's mix 
If u think that u can go to your moms house and sleep in: thing again!  I wiah my son would get better!
@mattyduh my dad is at the hospital so tonight I am going to see him 
just had the most delicious malva pudding. miss my mom's cooking now. 
having a fight with mom 
Oh how you confuse me so. On another note. I hate seeing my mom so frustrated that she is about to cry. 
You realize the importance of mom and sis only when they are not near you 
is crying for katie's grandma  R.I.P
@raH904 awww man...I really hope your homie gets out of that and her mom gets better...that's sad 
@ktetlucie its ok  I've never met her so I just feel really bad for my mom!
@shanellokitty I'm gonnna misssss my hawaaaian mama for the summmmah 
@electropoof oh minus  i'll try and con dad or mum then. lol
@stephanyee but i want to write about my mommy 
@likeSunday Aw  theyre pretty impossible to get at this point. I actually share 1 seat with my mom - it was my brothers, we inherited it
going to eat asian cooking that is NOT my mom's once again  ugh
@annekinla I remember my mom saying it gets harder and harder to lose weight once you hit 18. I didn't belive her. 
@Cheeeeesa gurrl, you make me smile. ;) but my mom and this stupid boy are bringing me down. at least the luv of your lyf sounds perfect! 
no more dame for daddy. 
Feels really bad for his dad 
mum goin to amsterdame 2 c the killers her flight is reely early so on my way 2 my dads. its 2 early  xox
@24lbsofBoost are you my new dad? 
@emmarler i am jealous of your mom talking to @taylorswift13. i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you 
@StonedSteve yes it was good 2 see them laught at each other,,but that poor lad asking his mum &amp; dad 2 kill him 
@amyypee LOL i know! i only get to read it sometimes though cos my dad always chucks it out before he gets home 
mom is ok so far. just missing jaron 
i miss my daddy 
@PotterEntourage I hope your mom is ok? 
great. my mom is pissed at me, so she sent me to the asbestos filled backroom 
its so sad when the dad dies  hakuna matana it means no worries for...
@steven89 I dont have one here - dunno if my mom ever had one or not - 
@Thecookieninja if mom gets paid... 
I found out thro mama 
am but mom...  because my princess got pneumonia....
i woke up just now missing alabama terribly  my dad says we will be moving there. soon. thank god
i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen....and the asshole comes home &amp; is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it 
out with dad to see up.  sad that mom cannot come 
@combustiblesong lol i don't get enough cause my dad won't let me, he keeps waking me up 
@laccboner mom said no. 
@Ashleypeaces left.  so sad. waiting for mom to come home. want to have papa johns for dinner.
i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing. 
mom just woke me u[p and i am so mad i was dreaming about  shoes  she whants me to go to the river it is so stupid 
#thingsmummysaid my mummy told me she never wnted to be my mummy ever again  so i live wid my dad i think ?? it all confusing
I miss my daddy so much. 
I'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
i'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
i want my daddy 
Dropping my mum at the station   I'll miss u mum
Man my daddy left to work again  I never see him a lot I miss my daddy :' (
just drove with my mom and brynn. my mom said im the worst driver EVER...really?? 
at famous dave's with my mom. so hungry. 
@natsolovelyx3: I knowww yur mother is being a bitch and she doesn't want to take me to the movies  bitch
@FattKiddBep i made a vid for you proving my skiLLs that you denied but my step dad said he'd disown me if i posted it ~   sowey
My dad just told me that he wants to put me up for sale on craigslist 
@roboticaldad - When I was a little girl, my dad bought my sister and I each one of those &quot;radios&quot;. That thing was a beast! I miss it 
worried about my grandma 
Parents are fighting. step dad just called mum a biish. 
At home with mom and her crippled, useless back...  kinda bored too http://myloc.me/22z3
uh-oh... my sister crying behind me and my dad doesn't leave me eat my food.... couldn't be a happier night 
@VeronicaATL I asked and my mom flipped, so yeah. No hustler chats for me  I'll keep lurking though lol
@sabrina6_6 my mom won't let me go 
Is wishing it was my dad who died and not my mom 
I am realllllly bummed I haven't seen UP yet. I am really disappointed with my dad. 
Why am I home excpecting a big hug from my mom and she's gone for the weekend  .....
ugh. my mom is such a workaholic. 
@RadarDog awww   cuddle your mom a whole bunch for me (hugs) &lt;3
@AIIisonIraheta i really really really infinity really that i could go but my mom said i can't! 
Where's my mom? Where's my dad? What the arf? And why are those guinea pigs in the dining room now? They are noisy. I miss my mom. 
@ryansbankai thats what my mother tells me 
@remembermeninab lmao! silly my grandpa had grey eyes..awww gramps.. 
less than 2hrs before mom heading off to mecca.  miss my mom alot, terrible. 
Ugh! My mom didn't allow me to go my cousins house.  I'm so pissed off 
just wish'ed my parents took out the pool  I need it!!! i beggin mom &amp; dad 
staying home to do jh presentation  sis and mom are off to shopping
just shopped.. hating m mom right now  i never knew they were over protective ! WOW
I hate seeing my dad he spend loads on my bro &amp; nothing on me 
Terribly sick  i'm not even hungover...although my mom asked me if i was. This really sucks
 cant leave because my dad is in the bathroom...
Oh no... my tears are coming out now. I miss my mom and dad so bad 
@Karianna92 did your grandpa die?  I'm so sorry!
debating with my mom about a bikini.. and shes not giving in, well there goes my teenage years 
Wishes he went to camberley with his mom now 
humuhuhlhlhuhuhuhuhhh. my dad bought  an ed hardy t-shirt for me. noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.  he doesn't know me
still doesn't like leaving her mum 
my mom turned my favorite jeans pink! 
I miss my dad. 
@creativesoul16 um i dont know if its now then no because my mom isnt home yet... 
so my mom decided i cant go to amelias grad party? thats cool. 
these are coco, chelsey and chiquita. my mom can't take care of them anymore  so they have to be given away. http://twitpic.com/69g9i
This is so lame: my mom had to take my little bro out, my dad just sat there &amp; I wish i woulda brought someone w/ me.. 
Everybody and their mother has hi-lights! It makes me want them again 
@EdJakyl But my mom's a Christian... 
My dad hasn't called me yet!! 
My dad is not okay 
http://twitpic.com/69mgi - my sandcastle that my dad destroyed! 
@carmiebella I miss you ! and i coudlnt go to my dads movie thingg  , idk why , my dad just never came to pick me up .
@KielysWorld i agree. im sorry about your dad. i lost my grandpa on valentines day. 
i miss my mommy 
Again me despertaron temprano, again de nana... 
annoying grandma 
@xoxo_emily I wish I could come but I have to stay with my mom since she has pneumonia 
@meeksheep my mom said no  I'm so sad
@akatoure visiting my mom... 
got into a fight w/ my mom i left the house&amp;went to a park for 3 hours&amp;wanted to cry then my mom was freakin cuz she didnt kno were i was 
My granddad just died 
on my bike with my dad 
@xXMCR_LadyXx   i dont even know what mikey has to do but my mom won't even let me call him!
awww my dad doesn't like my purtiful neighborhood 
@EternalAegis  at least it's better than grandpa
ah poo stavros are out  love the dad!
is it normal for a teenage girl to not be able to go more than 2 days without fighting with my mom?cause me and my mom are not good at it 
thinking why mom always thinks negative about me 
ugggh. my mom refuses to take me shoe shopping for farewell 
@joelmchale And then you fight with mom and I cry as I blow out my candles. 
 maybe my mom could drop me off 
I miss my daddy. 
is worried about her grandma 
My dad just killed my engine now I'm truckless 
ready for my little boy to come home  from spending time with grandpa and grandma
My dad just left 
My dad stole my chips. 
@niksisballin no  my mom said she was tired and didn't feel like going :'(
@kokogirl nooooo, mommy is not here.... 
@HelenDoubleyou haha i know my mom used to live there before she met my dad and she told me they have the worst winters 
i miss my daddy's boat 
No dad. We's sad.  http://yfrog.com/5i2t8j
My mom is doing the stanky leg... 
I'm hungry, mom still not done cooking 
Home with mom. She's in a lotta pain 
#Up is really good. But sad  I just sat thinking about my grandpa.
im so sad, my mom is at the urgent care 
I miss my mommy 
he called his mom very upset 
i hope my baby gets better  she's been vomiting a lot since this morning. the last thing we need is a grandma yelling @ mama
My mom robbed me 
My mom doesn't even act like she gives a shit about me 
@officialTila I wish I had one now my grandma used to make me one everytime she had a real one 
I don't know why I don't always get on well with mom 
While busy working I suddenly realized that I miss my dad. 
Babysitting my grandma 
Wow i got in a realy big fight wit my mom and i feel realy bad 
I tried to call gimpy his mom was out side 
@mikegentile My mom won't let me go.  I want to go SO bad.
it's freaking cold outside  my dad won't let me turn on the heater! gahh
i may luv my dad but i h8 him right now... hes being such a d***               
@shanedawson I don't know my biological dad! 
my mother's annoying 'cuz she won't let me move to my dad 
my mom can be such a weirdo sometimes 
i'm sorry mom  i love you..
i missed my dad so much 
is waiting my mom  cepetaaaaaan pulang ma
@sokpoprocks ohh! lol: my mom pretty live, she's only 46, but she is not near me  I can meet her only once in 1-2 years and... thanx!
why is one of my dad's favorite songs the ONE song I hate? 
I am off to finish planting my garden....while my hubby is off playing at his mommy and daddy's....I love when I get so much help 
@mama_b_10 u so have neglected me wifey 
just got in a fight with my mom 
My mom wakes me up when I don't want to be woken up 
@USAwriter my mom passed away 
its not working. i just made my dad waste $19.90  
Going to visit my grandma. Not looking to good. 
@JniceB, you're alone too?  I'm alone until I have to get my mom at 2:30.
Comforting my grieving hubby. He's really missing his dad today. 
sick and isnt goin to church  neither is mal or mom
is going to go eat breakfast with my dad and brothers and then my dad is going back to missouri 
@vanieq i work with marketing &amp; it's surprisingly a lot of work. i get my orders from my dad &amp; mom so they can get kinda overwhelming. 
Just thought of calling mom to...talk. But it's midnight and she's probably asleep  Darns.
@katiegb_78  i'm sorry about your mom  I hope she gets well very soon. I will pray for her
I'm lost at church  I don't know where my husband is. I'll stay in one spot like my momma taught me and eventually he'll find me.
moving junk around in the garge  my dad is making me!
I miss my mom already!  a really great wknd indeed, thanks mom!!
is wanting to go up to pleasanton, and worried about her grandma. 
My mom is annoying 
My grandma called me a nerd! 
Feeling a bit sick   and yet my mom insists on the fam coming over for my bday tonight ...
my mom just won $25 in a box of cheerios that i was eating, fml i could of used that and it was rightfully mine  haha
I want my mom's sambal pusu 
Ive been a bad mother to my dog  shes acting out.. this is some  lol doctor phill help!
@Kyndresh ouch... I feel bad for your mom 
@Despairgirl michael's mom died yesterday. 
I wish my dad would get here. 
Ugh not fair. I dont want to go to fresno with my mom. 
cuz right when i was done with chores my dad picked me up! i didnt even have time to call u  
my dad dyed...yeah my mom found the milkman dead  lol
@CardboxDiva sorry  hopefully your mom can get orders done while you heal
Is worried bout my step dad.  
Missing my mom as well. 
@laurennhannahh what's going on? your daddy has it again?  yep i am praying right now &lt;3
http://twitpic.com/6d0sn  since the dogs are going with my dad when we move  my mom got a puppy!! she's so cute.
I swear, my mom must hide my things from me when I'm away at college. I can't find my blender anywhere and I really want a milkshake! 
@Prettyfuls85 just my mom won 
getting ready to go have dinner at my mom's, i'm still hungover.  
My mommy says I twitter too much. 
i miss my daddy 
Wishes his mom wasn't so deadset on having him get a haircut. 
mom might need to be hospitalize again. 
my mom is making me stretch 
even though i hate my dad i miss him  A LOT
 i wish my mom didn't cancel cable!!
@Ohitsalexandra my mom and babyface are sick and I'm taking care of them. So I can't get sick 
My mom took my itouch away 
waiting for my dad to get back from the e.r. 
sad about my daddy 
 Spinellis sounds good... almost went there tonight myself, but my dad wanted BoomBozz
sad  My kiddos leave tmaro to go to see their mom for the summer... packing up tonite
@madlyv @chidiana my mom died at 49, my kids missed out as well on having a young grandma 
 what did my mum buy here!? Its like 1 hour there
Missing the mom &amp; pops 
dad, mum and sis left for hongkong without me  have funnnn &lt;3
its 4 am and im awake  taking my mom and brother to the airport so they can go home
I'm entirely sad that my mum and dad are leaving.  But they'll get me mcfly cds!
momma is making me mad ! 
It's so cold and I'm so tired...I hate playing mom 
My dad never keeps promises 
grandpa is not doing good 
im sad... mom had an accident! worried about her.. 
bored, sitting at home. mum &amp; dad are out shopping. lola is at her friend's house. im all alone still. 
@ChicoMcl chics! my mom didn't allow me to kite surf  i'll just take lessons when she's not around.
I, have likee nothingg, to wear,cuz mom didn't, wash clothes, but ill look in the other closet, 
dissapointed with mom's decision 
I though she was going to tell me my step dad died  so scary. #cryingmama
Fainted this morning and has been told by her dad shes not allowed out of bed 
im so sad, my mom gavee away our last kitten, &amp; i really was starting to get attached 
my mom &amp; dad are gone   i want them back.
missing my mom and dad 
NOOOOOOOOOOO! the bird my mom was trying to save died 
Heyyy lindsey i just tlkd 2 my mom &amp; im in the dentist office. I cant go  my dad thinks i need 2 ''spend time'' w/ my cuzins in town 
mom just burst into tears on the phone to my aunt  not good
@letsdrawmistle u can but,my mum is working so she wont answer and my dad is out in the garden so he wont answer and im not allowed to 
@bobbyduncan I wish I was... Its my bday and I don't know what's going on yet but I doubt my mom would want to go... 
Haha! I just started laughing randomly and my dad called me his freak child, how nice.. I'm not that bad 
mom left with out me,  bored out of my mind
@faceforaradio i don't know  my mum hasn't called, so i just know she's in hospital (my grandma, not my mum)
Pissed off at my dad 
my dad has lost my hamster 
@JennyMorrisChef at my dad's 
a spoiled daughter wishes her mother would answer the phone on the 1st ring when snookums calls  i'm about blow my mama's phone up ya'll
Over my grandma and grandpa's house. Booooored 
omfg i just burnt my hand. bad. my mom is yelling at me now cuz of how stupid i am    painnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!
I miss my daddy 
I Just got told from my dad to go see grandpa cause it might be the last time to see him 
well... my mom is being a bitch but hey... what else is new 
@Mauschen you make me really wish my mom wasn't so anti-pets, because he sounds adorable and i want him so much 
@kiayame i'll definitely promote you if I make it first!!! don't worry!!!! and i started crying when I was writing the letter for my dad. 
 my mom says she wants you to come over soon anyways
@sleeakgirl ya it was scary they wouldnt let me see my mom 
missing my grandpa 
@gone2dmb my dad 
I'm tired...i miss my mom 
@SoCalVixen i wish my grandma was as enthusiastic my grandma just pretty much sits there 
http://twitpic.com/6g1jj - I really miss my mom right now. I wish she was awake so I could call her 
i'm worried about my papa     
@kathleendavis  my dad doesn't want to buy pinapple. I was like but kathleen will help me eat it!
haha, my dad is planning my grandma's birthday dinner with my cousin. I feel like I haven't seen mi familia in a long time! 
hey!!! haven 't been on in like forever. our new puppy chewed on my moms phone. now shes using my old one.  she doesnt like it. oh well
Aww..my dad just came in to talk about how I've grown up and turn out to be a wonderful young lady and he started crying... 
Me and my mom could not get through marley and me without shedding a tear 
ughh my dad is on my case 
My dad is packing a bag. This makes me sad. I know he's going somewhere without me. 
My mom didn't let me on earlier. 
worried about my dad , just went to hospital 
i miss my daddy very much. 
I need my coffe, but my mom said no  http://myloc.me/2lLq
@hen4 the mum did it 
@prateekgupta had an argument with mom  i feel miserable
@JackAllTimeLow have fun! i wish that i was there! but no mum and dad would not let me 
I'm in so much pain  I wish my mom were here 
i need my mom 
@ladydru820 love her little heart.... and mommy and daddy too 
Srry about that yesterday ~ my mom was bothering me if i studied or not~ i did but she made me study my ass off even more~ then i forgot 
My mom just called me i sissy mary. 
I want to be hardcore but my mom won't let me 
@yooitzkc my dad is far too it sux 
ryo bought chicken noodle for my mom. he's so sweet,eh? but mom still hasn't got home yet 
@MartinaR2100 not nowzb now runnin an errand for my mom 
kinda bored right now, don't know why I joined this, lol my only follower is my mom... sad  xD
My mom won't let me 
@MackenzieRamos hm, maybe. I miss mom and dad a lotttt  they just called me and asked where you were LOL
@frogoaks yeah yeah u and sarah love mom but i never get any twits from u guys  LOL!!!!!
@dellamargaretta I'm so hungry but my mom said I could only have 1 pop tart 
Ugh my mom took away half the cable 
My dad tried to kill it and it shrunk into the corner so much that he couldn't get to it. It's still there.  @smoresinbed
@Mandyyyy ya, my moms oldest brother. 
He is trying to leave again. He is so stubborn.   I love my dad
@ErikaLorraine LOL! did you tell your mommy about how he stalks me! 
@rochtrev cancer update for stepdad not so good. 3mos chemo, but  wanting to cry for my mom.
My mom would have to rate numberr 3 in 'Worst mothers ever. ' 
@fcknamber My mom's dad had a stroke. 
@crayontwisters she doesnt know. she didnt listen to her mom. haha. but she knows that me and yanna arent her classmates 
my dad isnt himself........ 
daddy's little girl misses her daddy 
My mom sucked me into her filipino shows. Ugggggggh! I'm still sick. 
@Luvusagi awww I miss you too!  no I have to ask my mom if she wants to get it for me so idk if I'll get it anytime soon...
Waiting my mom 
Aww my dad didn't want to honk at the ''honk if you're happy'' billboard 
I miss my mommy 
my grandpa is mad at me. i dont even know why?? 
@progall maybe i should let my mom on twitter  it would be easy for her maybe.LOL! maybe not because then my dad would want to get on too 
@wittypotato I know! @) but I was told by my dad to cut down on it too 
is alone in this house,waitin my mom&amp;dad till 8 oclock  http://plurk.com/p/y3fai
@Bekkkiiieeee_xo i know it is lol but you know what my mom is like lol in devon it is supposed to get up to 25 degrees  jealous much
@WackArnold that's ridiculous! same with my mum  they bleedin us dry! if you're getting 11k rebates, tell your dad to hire me! srsly.
my mom totally woke just to see a fennec fox.  i really want one.
i miss my dad 
@caitline Really? I know of one that my dad likes - I've never gotten to go to any though 
brother and dad wrestling, me singing heartless &amp; mom still cleaning my room! i miss my kuya!!! 
last day off.....  takin my son out to breakfast then lunch with my daddy.omg i really need my fuckin hair done.
So terribly sad that my mum didnt buy me SIMS3 
@mom2bClaudie so sad ... I really wanted to go 
Listening to the pixies trying to find a way to lunch w mom and sis that isn't under construction! 
I bought the only bathingsuit my mom would let me get  a two piece tankini ugh!!!
I need my mom, very very very much 
had a fight with her mom 
My grandpa just died. 
Cleaning the house and laundry...miss havin mom around 
Our power got turned off sweet mom not paying the fucking bill. All my groceries are gonna go bad 
Listening to chente.. damn I miss my daddy 
@theogeer yes, I am. And I'm driving. But I won't be able to make it devon before the store closes.  I have to eat dinner with my dad...
-- is worried about her mom. 
starving  but mom's making food 
getting ready to go to my dad's i miss him 
uhmm.. mommy and daddy are fighting... 
My dad's in the hospital again, please pray for him 
didint see him todaii cuz his sis went home with indya! URGH  x
i am sooooooooo bored!! my mom wont take me shopping! 
My mom is going to atl in the morning to see my brother...to go or not go...hmm will make me sad seeing him soo probably not 
okay let me start walking :| i told you my brother abandoned me and my mommy is a work  lol
Ugh i miss my mom so much 
I miss my mom A LOT 
I've just realized that my mom has never kept a promise ever, which is why she is so used breaking them especially when it comes to me 
Missing my mummy and daddy  
mom has bronchitis... I just pray I don't get sick now too 
my mom just yelled at me 
I wish my dad would cut me some slack, I'm gonna be eighteen in less than a year and I can't even drive to my moms house to visit her 
Drinking cosmos with my mom reminds me of him 
I wanted go to church but my mom made me babysit til now and its to late 
i feel bad for my mom 
I miss my daddy 
@angel0712 I'm sorry about your mom.  
have to call off mom, cuz i will be busy at 6pm... sorry mom, see you later 
mum aksed me if i was drunk  i told her no though
Now she sleep and her dad took her  bye lalool ;P
@mialuna1 hey i'm back! Lol stupid dad grrr 
@AllannahGrace argh  stupid mum.
should i go to england with my mom? or not?  ughh.  decisons decisions. 
i miss my grandma 
is gearin up to go fer vacations wid mum n dad... 
I miss my mommy 
@SuiteAces  sorry to hear about your granddad.
i feel bad my dad planned it all outt and i missed it 
mom is screaming at me. ughh! 
@SoldatRenard say hi to  my mom and dad who ditched me here at the store so they can watch it 
@sabrinagabriela she's not here yet. i'm in spore only w my mom. my sis will arrive here 2morrow. so tired. i woke up at 3.30 am  bluff..
I could have lied dammit! But I can't lie to my mom 
just got cutoff from mama becca.... 
I miss my mommy 
i'm so bored.idk what 2 do n my mom isn't home yet 
mum and sis are here with their maid to clean my house - apparently it's very, very dirty 
i want my grandma back  it's not the same without her anymore 
mommy and daddy and osie just left me 
my mum just dragged me out of bed 
Writing a song about my dad 
i take it back, coming home when mom and sis are on vacation too was a bad idea  .. baalika vadhu is blasphemy! :-'(
waiting dad for take me hospital 
i have no second name  the doctor told my mom that shes gonna have a son... well.. suprise suprise its a girl ... lol
My gran has died  - goin to see the family
@awills5000 my mom was gonna get me the new iphone....then my dad decided to take a 15000 pay cut 
my mom just called and woke me up now i can't get back to sleep.. 
i hate it when my mom is pissed off with me ... not a good feeling 
I miss my mom.....  but its ok, she'll back tonight 
puppy won't stop barking outside the house. He wants to go in. But my mom won't allow it. 
all this happens when mommy isnt there.... i miss my mommy 
i miss my mom 
@ssannisap i know dear. i've already told him, but he wouldn't listen and it became worse when my bro supported my dad 
Just brought mom to lax 
@iLoveMyEgo aw  my dad is stubborn like that too girl! What are y'all fighting about?
my mom is sooo being screwwed by septa 
Missing my boyfriend  Over at my mom's working on the new apt.
Hopefully usu ignore what grandma said and keep her promise... 
@EdwardACullen_ my dad and my mom had a big fight and i think they're planning a divorce and my mom is taking my little brother wit her! 
@mom2nji No I am not going. I cannot afford it, and wasn't sponosored 
@JohnLloydTaylor i miss my mom 
i'm baking a pizza because my mom won't let me have anymore fish  my brother didn't have any yet &amp;&amp; i ate alot 
@MonicaAddeli me too. and now my mom is bothering me 
@HeathersnotBSC I have to split w/my mom! 
so it must be true about david carradines erotic hanging thingy if my mom told me about it 
@Megannnnn so does my mum 
helpin my mom and dad....gunna miss my baby tonight! 
@CeliineElise aahww sucks! And yeah I'm sorry about your father  he shouldn't be like that to you and your mother..
@keza34 that not nice mom 
my mom forgot about me.  
@CMCx lmaoo im not sure, but my mom was like were ganna go later on i hope (yn) but i still gotta ask my dad 
air franch is sooo bad! ... mum and child from ludlo aparently.... shit dude 
@elenaandpamela my mom is too lazy to get me food and apperently im the only one that wants  back to stage one
Going to see my mom in the hoooooooooooooospital, kpce 
going to watch signs with my mum soon. bless my mum 
Waiting for mom to pick me up now- still at mall aloneee........ 
@julieperk tell me about it.  i feel so bad for my mom. 
Going to hospital to see grandma 
@leeah2 suga daddy??? really??? I thought you went for me 
@iamKenE my mom said where is ken? I said workin'....she said man he's ALWAYS working, he can't ever have any fun, and I said I know 
i'm closer to him than my dad's real dad. 
attempting to download a few movies for my mom, running out to rent another one. my dad's watching green day on tv. they're following me 
Just dropped my mom off at the airport. 
dinner with my sisters... my mommy is sick! 
My flight is delayed an hour. I just wanna go home and sing a song with my dad, eat moms cooking, laugh w/ my sister, and pet my dog! 
@jencorbett aww  maybe don't talk to your mom on Sundays!
Apparently my dance skills aren't as fresh as danielles! I made me and my mom cry! 
I hate talking to my dad sometimes. He just depresses me with all his negativity 
@heycassadee my mom wont take me. 
I just went up two sizes for plugs, i was a 10g and now im a 6g  and of course mom does not approve 
i love angry moms because they show you you were wrong and they teach you to apologize. im sorry mom.  imma brat.
@torie007 I know that must have been very hard I know because I had to do that with my mom's appartment  it was very tough.
@fragingdrew hehe....I miss my mom 
I'm so jealous that my mom got a palm pre 
cant wait for tomorrow because i get to see my boyfriend but i hate when my mom is on my case about chores 
My mom cut in n everybody leave.   haha.
I am missing my mom 
My mom and sis went to the mall... without me...  How sad.
@aliceinnyc  I'm sorry you are sad and missing your mom.
Why do you have to be so busy, daddy 
i want to foster kittens but my mom is saying no 
@alexiaaa ah, bitch  i may be forced to hang with my grandmother now. sucks that i can't see you!!!!!!
i really miss my mom.    we haven't seen each other for almost 5 years now..... miss u so much mama!
get well soom mom, love you 
gosh... grandma is so sick  she is again in a hospital...
After-vacation crash.   I want to go back to my mom's.
I just talked to my mom ad my dogs are howling in the background. I miss them SO much 
My dad didn't make breakfast.. 
cleaning becusz mom sed so 
takin care of my mom.. she is really sick 
is sad cuz grandparents r leaving! 
my mom has changed  i want my old mommy back
My daddy's not here  The sundays aren't the same without him ! I miss him u.u
can't wait until my dad gets here!!! and i'm missing my sis 
My daddy is picking me up at one 
I'm so hungry with my dad 
@Dojie hiya has mom don sumat, thiink you ignoring her.   
 missing my grandma
@bowwow614 Don't put your mom in no hotel 
I'm going to die here!, I'm sooo starving, my mom already ordered the chinese food but it didn't got here yet 
Hungover like a mother fucker... 
worried about my nana 
@torturousthings I think my mom might kill me if I don't  Not looking forward to it.
out and about with my papi mommy and lamee sister. I missss leo 
@atlantisjackson well i can't read ANYTHING Already posted.  i really want to but if mom saw it it would not be good. Lol
@ayla95 my dad too, and he woke me up from my sweet nap! 
 my mom's mean...
@mom2nji  I wish you were coming too!
@ChachiSays my mom 
my mum is celebrating 
really worried about my mom   
i miss my daddy 
@thatsjustmee YAY!  I cannot help it xD aaww, that's great! my mom doesn't do that! 
daddy ran over a bunny 
My dad has figured me out again. No more texting. 
Fuccckkk I don't think my mom's picking me up 'til 6. 
i miss my dad 
i missed my mom  
@latuacatante17 idk lol. my mom doesnt want to i guess  lol
i miss my mommy!!  
praying for baby G  - being tested for h1n1 as a 32wk preemie, and his mom/dad who both have h1n1 
i really think i might die without my mom here?!? im eating popcorn for dinner  (via @MsSexay) that's kinda sad
@Mordranis I even dragged my mum and dad out.  
@jolearra Aw. I'm sorry. I like how my mom just bought some begals  I would give you some!
Her cheeks are red :'-(  I'm a pussy mom when she's not well.  http://mypict.me/2YTK
@scottiscool I'm sorry to hear about your grandma. 
@mileycyrus at least you talk to your dad! i hate mine  i wish i had that relationship!
My grandma is remembering less and less 
i miss my daddy. 
My dad just tried to suck up my teddy with the vacuum cleaner  naww.
Is ready for her mom to come back 
headache.. thinking about going to spain w/o my mommy makes me wanna cry 
My mommy just played me  LOL I still love her though
mom duties callin' got a sicko on my hands 
@thekatvond damn my dad for not letting me watch it. 
@ ginadoles my dad effed it up 
where's my mom? I want my oatmeal 
My mom is mad at me  I don't like when she's mad at me. I feel like a filthy bitch at heart 
my mom's not feeling well.. 
http://twitpic.com/7gfgq - when i dont have my daddy to hug 
My mommy just cried  but she won't tell me what's wrong !! 
 daddy passed away june 13, 2009
@HollyYM parents don't understand it, my dad was a professor and my mom has 2 masters degrees!!!  i feel so dumb! don't feel bad, i really
kind of sort of awake.trying to wake up melissa to go to the oral surgeon to get her wisdom teeth out soon.poor kid  happy 52nd mom &amp; dad!
I had a dream I'd just about convinced my mom to buy the biggest nemo ever...nearly...&amp; then the phone woke me up, so i never got it ! 
@cndflybaby  it will love you soon enough!! just 15 min mama!
i think im obsessed with peter, i dont think its that noticable though! lol or maybe it is  my mum+dads going to carlisle on july! :-D
My mom is forcing me to get up 
@theechosen_1#iremember the jelly's but my mom wouldn't let me get any becuz she said she hated them...lol 
My mom came over and woke me up 
thinks that i will never love teaching my mom how to use the com... roar 
@siouxsie72 I'm sorry to hear about your grandpa. 
Taking my grandpa, grandma, and great grandma to the airport 
just got into a huge fight with my dad and i want to run away 
mad at my mom 
@imbize very sorry to hear about your grandma. 
headed to wally world then takin mom to the doctor 
found out my dads bin with 3 other woman! aswell as trying to get back with my mum!! 
a message from my mom really makes me wanna cry 
mom wants to throw my old cosmo magazines. 
My mom shrunk my favvorite new shirt 
Is missing her dad like maaaad and his wizard like powers 
@ujj my mom took it as an excusse to go back to watching soaps  
@zdenorules my mom &amp; dad r both at work  but me and my sis r gonna be here...we might do something later today though
awake and wish her mom felt better  Also time to lv the hunter again.
i am so hungry. And my dad wouldn't let me get food at mcdonalds. 
grandma just died  i miss you (L)
needs someone to love. mom, can i get a cat? pleaseeee. 
feeling SIIIIIIICK!!! I want my mommy! 
My dad ate my dougnut 
dad was crying and made me cry 
lmao mom is crabby 
I love my mom...never ever meant to hurt her feelings...I was just being facetious 
My mom just called me sobbing,1st letter from my bro arrived. She read it in tears. He sounds like he is having a really hard time. 
@jenjengiles I remember I was such a good tomagotchi mom! When I went  to school I told my mom to feed it and it would die  she forgot
@Juwkey yess and her mom was dead and she told all the sweet stories 
@marguuuh yep. me and my mom are crazy shoppers. she gets annoyed that i don't clean my room though. nic isn't feeling very well at all. 
Just found out grandma has breast cancer. 
This is true.  oh well. And my mom is leaving anyways.
my dad is with backache 
@codimaherrr  have fun without me...ahah too bad mt mom isnt letting me do ANYTHINGG/
Ugh my mom is getting on my freakin' nerves! 
Sometimes it really sucks leaving my dad 
daddy i miss you 
@AaliyahLove69 I'm sorry to hear that your mom is going through cancer 
is sad   i want my dad to be better!
@Curchine you sound like your mom! I miss you 
I'm taking a nap then my mom has to wake me up ask me what actress was on some tv show. really? I miss living on my own 
@KarenAlloy i didnt know that.. thats sad...  That it hurts the mom to produce more milk 
@supsusmita I WOULD if my dad wasnt up 
@unejolievie ummm I never water them. haha Or sometimes I overwater them. I wouldn't make a good father. LOL I'd starve or overfeed them. 
saying a prayer... dad going 2 emergency.... #worried... 
My mommy left me 
@demirox613 it probably is(: and no  i got in trouble cuz i threw my mom's cell out the window,and i also couldn't see @mitchelmusso! 
My mom bought the cutest ring, and shes not even keeping it. sux being poor 
@AmyFTW; kinda like a feud between me and my mom which incorporated my bf's parents. and now his mom was like we shouldnt see each other. 
i miss my mommy! 
My mommy is sad... She misses gma &amp; gpa... &amp; so do I... I wish we dnt have 2 B so far away... But I luv my mommy so I stay w/ her 
I miss my mom 
Just got woken up by moi dad! 
haha ! murnin :3 haiz .. no dreams for tonite  my mom woke me up ! and forced me to attend the miting of mah worst bro. EVER ! :3
i need my mama, i miss her so bad 
I want to go to sleep but my mom and my sister are talking loudly about bandaids right outside my door 
@bisante i would never cal you an asshole if ur thinking i would  im stressed out with my stupid ass step dad saying stuff about my family
I think the daddy got me sick 
No scott, i do not want to talk to you about how you plan on proposing to my mom. kill me now. 
for once, i want my mommy 
i dont even know my mom anymore.  poor dad... 
@HanTurner wait! You got a new rabbit? How cute!!! I misssssssss youuuuuuu &amp;&amp; your mom. 
I am in bed  my mom mad me
missing my mom  #fb
missing my mommy. 
@edenhig If i didn't have my mom with me I'd totally buy it!!! 
My parents are sick  my mom is hella sick tho
dad said no staying up past 11:00 P.M.  that means no more 11:03 P.M. potty breaks.... 
@mitchdee666  comee bacccccccckkkkkk. oh, my mom saw the 666 on my phone today. haha! she was like nan? and i told her you wrote it. she w
my grandma is in hospital 
my dad doesn't know yet, my mom does. I'm gonna hear tomorrow 
is thinking about my daddy and praying that he gets better 
@thebackseatsman my grandma would never ever never let that happen  EWWWWW
@YuiNinja who will kill you? i got ill  headache and bad fever and i miss my mom pretty much :'(
@araullo I know what you mean. I have my mom, my dad and other titos and titas there. 
Missing my grandma soo much... 
listening 2 short stack and getting yelled at by mum (again  )
My dad's fixing our sink.....since I couldn't.  actually, I never tried.
 my mommy makes me mad.
@Samichi  well my mom wakes me up before it ever gets completed 
and my daddy said stay away from juliet. 
hmmm...just found out from mum that our family doctor passed away. that's sad. she was a really sweet lady 
 dad left for turkey already
i dunno wha to get my daddy for daddy's day 
#squarespace I can't believe my mom beat me to an iPhone 
my dad stole my heater 
Who hits you with your brothers shoe when your bestie is overr? Your mom thats who! 
@worksinprogress i'm sorry about your grandmother, &quot;slipped away&quot; by avril lavigne is my song for my dad, sometimes it helps just to cry 
do I sound like my mom no 
my cat is sick  I don't know why and my dad &amp; mom won't take her to the vet  but if I get my will, we're going tomorrow... hope I do...
Taking son to go swimming, while mom gets to come back and do housework. 
i want to go home. i miss my dad, my puppy, and my computer 
may have to go to the hospital... dad thinks i might have bronchitis  no fun
-- sad; dad isn't doing too well...i think he's dealing with old age depression now. 
@sallydupre Awww I'm sorry to hear that  I would miss my mom's smacks too! ;-)
Me my dad and @andreaalynn went to subway and saw a really frightening accident 
#fathersday how can I send my dad a #fathersday card if he doesn't have an address? 
i feel terrible that my mom is sad 'cause of my grandma in the hospital.and i'm scared.why is the life so so so so hard??? I mean...ah 
At my mom's cause my dad is trying to sell his home, so I can't live there anymore; I got kicked to the curb, pretty much. 
really misses my grandpa lately. 
#iremember my mom never being there on christmas morning 
is worried about grandma 
maury is making me emotional right now  this girl has been beaten by her bf and her mom didn't know
miss my mom and my dog  a little homesick UGH!
Getting ditched at home in the middle of july while my mom and sister go to cuba...   boooo
@ChrysC i thought i was ur daddy 
@ohmanchrishand my mama 
@lykeomgitskerst babee i miss you!!!!  add my mom @robinswing
Sitting at my mom's shop bored yet again!! 
Shit dunno what to get 4 my dad lil sis already bought everything 
@ddlovato what happened to @m_callahan 's dad? 
Watching some rubbish 70s show with my grandma, mum and aunty 
@ddlovato whats wrong with her dad? 
walking with mom because if i dont shes going to call me names.  lol
is sick. and I really miss having my mom here to take care of me when I'm sick. 
my sis plays as if she is an only child and when i try to play with her she fights me there is no love 
is just reminiscin through old pics... its all overwelming about everything from her great grandma to her closest grandpa...  just so sad 
i thought i smelled my dad's cologne, and now i miss him 
well now my mom has the cold and so does my dad and my middle bro, im sorry everyone for passing it on 
@Tammyharris I'd take one if I could convince my dad to let me have it... He won't let me have a cat 
@saraajennnnxo haha ; i could picture you doing that. my mom tried to get me meet and greet passes but she forgot i was like nooo. 
mom is being stubborn. she wont take me driving. 
picking up my mommy, and later karate 
Lol my dad thinks i have swineflu 
-sigh- there keeping mom overnite @ the hospital again. not good 
My mom just called me a brat!   
i found out my parents were arguing about me  at least my mom was sticking up for me
couldn't watch the teen choice award cuz my dad hogged the tv 
@libertygirle i'm sorry your dad is such a downer! 
@inklesstales sorry to hear about your mom.  I'm wear your fav type of underoos ;)
@TreezieNAdam totally horriable she remimds me of my mom  hardcore
:: just realized i'm not as grown up as i think i am... during a tornado watch, all i wanted was my mom &amp; dad.  ::
tacos for dinner, it was good but my dad at like 5 tacos and sister and i were left with two small ones each 
sitting here with my mom  boring
Oh no! They killed the grandma! 
dad wontleave me alone 
my mom gave me 10 white castles and i only have 4 left.  i'm sad.
sad* mom had to go to hospital. happy birthday grandma thanks for going with mom 
I'm sad because my mom passed away 
my mom is crying  im sorry mom. iloveyou.
My mom officialy hates me.  hahah.
Just got my results, they were pretty good but my mom said I sucked!  my average is 89.4% from 100% I think that's pretty god, do u?
@nerdwriter i've been doing well. i'm sorry to hear about your dad 
my mom said to me &quot;you are skinny. its kinda gross.&quot; noooooooooo. i need a personal trainer 
#Haveyouever why you and your mom just can't get along 
@padraybear nope it was my mom 
@wintafresh I wanted to send my mom and dad to orlando, but can't afford it 
i miss my dad 
mama's not feeling well 
@xrachelcahillx me too!  err i duno i think she said she was going to stay in and revise but im not sure.. are your mum + dad back?
with mum who's currently complaining that I'm too fat! 
missing my mommy 
i really wanted u to come over to my house 4 ur mom's 40th. 
@XoBxMaMi83oX yes mama it will go away 
@sakanamochi mother is extremely moe theres no way i can ever be as moe as mama 
has lost my mum to cancer 
@mishellw lmfaooo mum you're so nice 
my dad is so anooyin 
@7angela7 I think I have more trouble with my mom than either of the kids. It's because of her that they don't listen to me 
waiting for mom to get home so i can go to the doctor. i hope they find out whats wrong 
@KatieBug1112 Haha my mom doesn't like danny either  She said he's the worst looking! I was very angry! x
out to lunch with mom matt and aunt gladys ... hope brandis okay 
@corriead look at you tweeting back so quickly I'm so proud of you hab! my dad isn't a big fisher...I'm so bad at this! 
@TLWhitted Aww mama...I'm sorry. 
@hotmomamy my mom works in Dville and says its raining therr and it'll probably rain here soon. 
omg my dad came home for like a minute then went out to take my bro somewhere im so mad now!! 
my mom is trying to stop me playing the wii... 
@jasminelaurenxo i couldn't see you!  did you go just with your mum?
@vollturijane scratch that- my mom won't let me be a member. 
where are you mummy and daddy? 
My mom keeps making 'hickie' jokes. 
@mom_07 I know.. I've seen that. It's so sweet/sad. 
#shoutout2 my mommy, shes sick and it worries me  please keep her in ur prayers
@Bullpigology101 oh.. if it was near your mom's i'd of said we should go!..but its not.. 
at the salon 4 my mom 
@IsabellaAirao oooooooow thats an amazing idea. i hope your mom can trust mine  it would be fantastic if you could come *-*
@dfizzy thats exactly what my mom did to me  it'll get better
I wish my mom was with me now for her bday 
my mom just made me straighten all her beautiful curly hair 
why is my mom singing lady gaga again, what did i do to deserve this 
@Sadandbeautiful It does suck... She's opted to live with my mom &amp; dad for an indeterminate time cuz @sumbler &amp; I are apparently evil. 
my dad threw my kitty 
@TheMeganJo ok so my mom and me were outside talking bout how to ignore grandpa, then he came out and stared talking to us 
@MacFacetime09 my mama didn't make it home till late 
It's official, my dad has lost his left ring finger.  but he's good tho.
i hate that i call my mom and then immediately regret it 
My dad asked me if I want braces ! 
@lizvalenzuela http://twitpic.com/7oiw6 - I feel ya.. I miss my mom, grams and lil brother 
why does my dad have to be such a douche'? 
My mommy is sad which makes me sad  I being sad, its contagious 
i thought I had a splitter. prob left them at mom's house. Now I have to buy one 
I miss my mom and dad 
@BSHVANESS so... i dont have my phone  tell my mom i said happy birthday, i told my dad to tell her that day but he prob forgot.
@hnrxmcrlover I think it would be so funny if my mom did that! But she wouldn't 
@Jabogan thankyouu. There's a crying kid but 
My dad is sick  Now I can't play guitar cuz he's in bed...
i feel like p00p  i caught my dad's cold
My mom says i have 2 go bowling with my sister on saturday. 
@ElisaDeLaRosa ouch sorry to hear that mam! 
@RayBernal my mom said no 
Is hearing my mom arguing with my dad 
@brittanitaylor I want to meet both you &amp; shane someday my mom Katsmeo does too..maybe we can all hangout,. but we're not huge youtubers 
@mom2jazz I was too. 
mom yelling at me 
aw, my daddy is nagging me to go to sleep, but i dont want to  im to busy listening to demi 
@mpointer i miss my daddy too 
i miss my mommy 
this is the seventh fathers in a row that i have not seen my dad 
@crzyicemofoer ur like the angry dad that comes home from work, and and the mom tells the kids not to bother you or they'll get belted. 
ahhh i miss my mommy... 
I missss myy daddd!   hindi as in, dad yung dad ah. AHHAHA.
I miss my daddy...he's in china 
@nyc_mom Awww..can't use the coupon..No kids with us 
@theacl yeah, i agree! maybe i'll have their chicken salad. it's so tasty:p haha. mom said we should take the bus! 
@DwightHoward wanted to know more about the camp in atlanta, can my son come without his dad, dad not around 
@HannahTroy i know  im the same :-S i have to talk my mam later
I hate snapping at my mom 
@cayleymcfly aww...  you probably should, i know i would if my dad found me...
#bringback my mom doing my laundry  lol
I'm soooooooooo sleepy...mom woke me up....and now I can't go back to sleep!! 
my mum always screams at me 
Mvd boo  I could look on the bright side of gettin to hang out with my mom!
just fought with my dad. gosh , feeling damn terrible now. 
This lipstick tastes like my mom 
@ksavai I just got the lappy back from my dad. But its not workin fine  its so slowww 
Trying to get my dad to take me to lunch but he won't text me back.  
It sucks not talking to ur mum 
My mom said I can't read right now. 
.... @ my mom crying because I got a tattoo. I feel like such a jerk 
@MrsTaylrLautner noooo i can't i wishhh but my dad is lyk soo evil haha 
@mileycyrus i was looking through you tweet you have the best dad ever luckey i never met my dad  i have an really mean step dad
I STILL need ideas on what to get my daddy!!!!! I still don't know yet!  lol
Lunch break w/dad while mom gets some sleep. She's still feeling sick and throwing up 
i just don't know what's wrong with my mom . i can't understand her . 
@LuckyGunner wow i will tell my dad...ammo so expensive like gas now... 
My mom is once again telling someone my hair story. 
@DonnieWahlberg just talked to my mom. she's excited about going to your show tonite with my sister..! wish i could go! 
i'm gonna shoot my mom...just called me wants to give my father 2yr old meds..thank goodness i worked @ a pharmacy for 5 yrs..my poor dad 
Going to grandpas gravee with my grandma.  
@TRIFORCE89 I would sooo love to do that, sadly I think my dad would kill me though 
I hate it when mommy and daddy fight. 
My mom's bothering me to read and run on the treadmill. 
My mum has gone to hospital 
lol comparing my breast w/ my mom's n grandmom's... ughh and of course mine are so much bigger, ugh wish I had my mommies boobs 
do all the twitter people don't know about me but my real father is dead  he die when i was 4 he got shot right in forth of my mom while i
qot in trouble w. mommy &amp; daddy.. =\ wnt be online for a while quysz .. 
Why me  Why  I was asked out to go the movies with older kids  but  thx to my mom and my work i didin't   my mom thinks its to late
My mom is going to talk to my dad about selling burtha! 
Fucking headache... I wanna go swimming, but I'm babysitting while my mom is at the doctor. 
my dad's bb is prettier  not fair
mom is frying fish, sooo gross. 
@optomic aww I'm sorry about your mom! It's horrible how some parents are.  just ignore her. It's nobody elses business anyway!
My dad Twitters to much. 
is at her dad's with an ear infection...eww 
Just talked to my grandma, she isn't doing too good 
my mom is making me do tennis 
My lil baby niece was born with 6 perfect toes on one foot (like paternal grandpa). Today she's @ the doc looking @ having it removed 
my daddy is cutting down a tree. 
@alina21 Am sorry am at my grans and my aunts internet isnt working 
@pointgirl2013 my mom would just say im lying now she has no trust in me 
dude my mom got me sick... 
i don't know whether i can live without my pop&amp;mom. 
missing my mommy 
daddy I wannacome hoooooome @philthemayor1 
very sad as my mum is really sick because of me and she's not taking her meds 
My own mom stood me up. 
@despairgirl and i have to watch my sissy; my dad's in the hospital 
very sad as my mum is really sick because of me and she's not taking her meds 
It's poring and my mom's window got stuck open  soaked.
dad just arrived 
Now I'm scared of going in the kitchen. Fml  at least I got a good laugh at my mom jumping and screaming. Pricess.
@splat007 my grandma's making me vegetable lasagna xD  i know, i'm bad 
my mom's not very friendly right now and I'm not sure I like it 
Ugh, I hate when mom &amp; dad argue... 
@SoulAdored65  so horrible.... the poor mom...
@xoxnaquel hhaha, i wish my mom did that but she never sings jb or watches them. i swear she hates them...yeah she does hate them 
Lol dis show makes me wanna give my son a baby brotha or sista,pero dose contractions my son gave me   unbearable so idk how I would  ...
@heldincontempt yeah, I agree  I'd agree even if I *weren't* a helicopter mom -- too old skook for me :-/
on monterrey =D.... i miss my dad 
work was so good. i was talking to my mom and lola barked in the background  missssssssss so much.
@aprillynn017 i dont have s3  only 1&amp;4.but i dont like 4.i told my mom to get me any season except 4 and she buys me s4 LOL.me: O_O...thnx
hey,. earlyer i was at home depot and before we went in my dad was on the phone with my mom and i over heard that my great grama is dying 
#inaperfectworld my favorite uncle would not have died today     and my mom would be completely healthy
geez my mom is grumpy...  bad deal...
i my mom ignoring me.. 
@daynah nope...I get to watch as my dad gets his though 
@LexiRae12 i was so going to go with you and then i asked mama and she randomly told me we're going to virginia? 
Wish mommy was here 
I hate being annoyed  It's so hot! &amp; I feel like my dad's mad at mee! Mayynn, what'd i doooo 
I need my mom 
@sambennington thank you. I get like this alot, unfortunately. I feed off of my mom's worrying about my lil brother. He's an alcoholic. 
dude, I want popcorn. but my moms sleeping. 
@mom2threebabes   me sad
My mom is snoring loud and it's hard to sleep 
my mom got me a robin williams but i forgot to feed it and it died 
@millamanila that's sad  her mom is kinda a bitch.
I don't get along w/my mom  never have
I miss my daddy. 
@suckit_nerds yeah, I just live with my mom and grandma. And my grandma is crazy and will condemn to hell for it 
@destinyjaeee dude, that's so yummy! my mom never makes that for us anymore 
waiting 4 dad to get home so we can eat haha dunno what we're having. mum went out wif friends 4 dinner so we might starve  lol
@CBethGlitter she was the 1st one on this morning, with her mom because her mom drink etc 
going to my grandma's funeral... 
mummy and mia are missing daddy 
my grandma passed away.  feeling pretty down 
@roofer_on_fire yes but not much lately. i'm in smalltown alberta helping my mom since my dad died. little life of my own right now 
my mom is so sick!  
The tiny kitten I was fostering died. So sad. I think the mom's lonely now 
@ the doctor, mom not well.  
i'm excruciatingly sad that my daddy will not be here to see me graduate 
@iKurtz I couldn't have because my mom is working. 
driving dad to work, then going to barnes&amp;noble. i don't want to be awake right now 
so much housework to do, i want my mum back 
At the doc with my grandma. She's very sick.  http://myloc.me/4sSp
@peachonice I wanted to get my dad gps for his and my mom's car, but my mom said no because he doesn't really want it. I want it. 
watching animal cops    so sad       my dad is going glastonberry
@nickjonas my dad watched it and really liked it. i was at cedar point and missed it 
http://twitpic.com/7tbus - R.I.p kitty's  now my mom is cryingg histarocly greatt (I can't spell)
take care of my grandpa with sis'.. so tired but i must not sleep 
want to take a nap but afraid my mom will get mad that i'm not packing 
So big ups to all the dad's that do their thing! I think that father-daughter relationship is so necessary! I miss my daddy! 
Omgomgomgomgomg. I miss my mommy. 
@GodzillaofJapan wat, you don't talk to your mommy? how sad 
Is missing her daddy 
I feel like a bad mom. I was cutting my iguana's nails, and cut them too short 
My mom just kinda...left...and i need to get droveeee p l a c e s . 
@BadAndy_KityKat I has to go my mommy says so.  will see you later! meow!
i need a sugar daddy. 
is stressed out beyond explanation and hoping dad is going to be alright.  trying to chill, just going to watch 'sunshine cleaning' now
BUT, after talking to my mom, maybe he's not 
grrrr....i detest comin in jcpenny's with my mom 
@amberrrniiicole not unless my mom doesn't give it back to me ever  my grandma said she can't interfere &amp; plus it would be a lot of work
did gary papa really die...if so that is so sad 
@2bluntcc at least you have a daddy 
@mlexiehayden Lol shut up! It went black and the led light just started flashin when I hung up from my mom 
My mommy missed her train, no mommy for my birthday. 
dad is taking my soda becuase he is thirsty  i paid for it
I miss my daddy .. &amp; I really hope my grandma gets better 
 so sad mom at the hospital
Starting to miss my bro &amp; mom 
i want my mum and dad 
@flipsideup mom used to yell at me for doing that  they are cute!!
prayers for my grandpa, he's not doing so well. 
is one confused individual. i just want to scream!  i miss my dad.
@leopercer aww, i'm sry for your dad 
I just found out that my dad is paying my little sister more than he offered me for a crappy job. fmylife. 
 .. watching tv , bed, shopping w. mom, out w. trent hopefully, i need my best friend
At my dad's 
I feel bad for not being with jess, but mom is the queen, and i'm not. 
my mom just bought me another pair of gladiators 
My mom jusst punched me 
Ugh i see how it is  bye well im getting off my mom just took my telefono away :/
got one kid to bed...about to get the other one to sleep as well...i won't be far behind...loving vacation but missing corey 
@7angela7  Sounds nice going to your parent's.  I sure do miss my dad 
I feel kind of bad  We were in the hospital room playing D&amp;D when my friend's mom finally passed away.
I feel kind of bad  We were in the hospital room playing D&amp;D when my friend's mom finally passed away in the bed right next to us.
@johnnnaa i asked my dad and he said i can go on august 7th to vfc's concert. but my mom said &quot;if it really starts at 9pm we can't go.&quot; 
@luigid sorry dad! It's almost over. 
just got back from seeing star trek with my dad and mom, it was like super good! i want to watch the show now but the hot guy isn't in it 
lmao my nephew calls my mom by her real name and calls me mommy ? i get stared down when i push the stroller  the baby AINT MINEE .
@hermorrine I'm sorry this is happening with your poor mom.  I hope she calls soon. *hugs*
missin my mom &amp; dad  they went out w/out me
My mommy is miserable and so am I 
missing my daddy 
missing my daddy. 
I'm so sick of my mom spying on me 
My mom ate turtle. 
Is sad because grandma was talking about my grandpa, she said, they say its gets better, but you never stop missing them.  R.I.P. grandpa 
My dad let the girl nap til 4pm! She is still awake (it's after 10pm here) and screaming. I'm tempted to call my dad so he can hear her 
@mom2threebabes  yeah....but i am only one of very many of them!! 
I have to go pee, but i don't want to ask my dad to get off the highway. 
@Marcos_Nobre probably not  hanging out with my dad, u?
my mom made me feel lame for watching little shop of horrors 
I jus got cussed out by my momma ......... 
sooo sad my bf's mom just dies i am bout to cry 
i can hear my dad snoring from downstairs. poor mommy 
@jbn19872005 sorry i was downstairs chatting with my mom, it does not say where they were 
@Lanieboe my mom used to do that for me too... No matter what I emits not the same is it 
@joanneeex SHUTTUP.  my mom thought it ends at 12. ._____.
I miss my mom, she's always awake when I want to drunk dail her. But she's on vacation 
I miss my mommy 
I feel so tired, but it's already morning here, and my dad always wakes me to do those stupid newspapers 
dissapoint with my mom 
I really really miss my mom    
i feel like crying....i ned my mom now 
@jonaslovato is my dad, like always...i wish i was at my mom's house 
I want my mommy 
done qettinq dressed just waitinq for ma' mom and sis to be ready ! 
I want druummm  but my mom won't buy it for me..uugggrrrrrr!!
@xCJM well. i have to go to newcastle. i think i might cry.  but my mum is picking me up.
miss my mom &amp; dad so much 
my dad's really pissed off about it bcoz i'm sooooooo much younger than that... 
my dad's being such a btard to my mom 
@emajik a mum and 2 lil kids that lost their dad 
i hate shopping with my mom...i NEVER find anything 
@PrinceIPackamil LOL u know I'm only kidding right..But man I man I wish I as around my mom dukes,she's over 9hrs away  but come swimming!
My mom's telling me to leaaaaveee.... 
@nthngprsnl he wants megan to be his momma 
getting stepkids stuff ready so they can head back down to georgia with their mother today 
My mom was going to make me waffles for breakfast, but the power went out. 
is trying to relax and is missing her mommy!!! 
@teemwilliams Completely ridiculous isn't it, she's a mum of 4 as well 
wish i could celebrate fathers day with my daddy but hes not here  can you be my daddy? lol jk
@repentyoursins i wish my mom would answer me 
goodness. @annuhmango I tried to sleep in but my daddy kept waking me up! 
I don't think i'm gonna even see my dad this father's day 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
and they don't all die. bambi just didnt have 2 daddy then his mama died  @Silverahnia
I cryed myself to sleep last night becuase my mom went back to my dad 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
fathers day 2mrw.. i wish i wasnt 2000 miles from my dad 
@melsaysphatdick It's blaccck  lol I think it's old it was my dad's! What kind do you havE?!
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
I wonder if my mom is lying to me again. 
when i listen to &quot;papa, can you hear me&quot; i listen to it so differently, its well sad 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
I was going to phone my dad to wish him happy father's day, but he called me first.  I feel like such an ass. 
@rejectedmoments I can't. My mom said no. 
pissed because i cant see my babygirl  cleaning the house up so my mom will let me see her.
@aikobear, cuz my dad... 
Uhhhm, I just told my mom I would have bagged her if she wasn't my mom.. I kinda feel weird after saying that 
@alexxgee whatteeverr!! you shoulda came here  your mom is coming down er what?
i want my lip pierced but my mom would kill me if i did it 
my grandma is going into hospice... 
At the hospital visiting my grandma.  
I'm really missing my papa  I cry
@garyyen i dont think i like your mommy 
maybe its a sign for me not to shop since my mom's comp is acting extremely special 
is cheesed off that her son has to be with grandma &amp; grandad on fathers day while his parents have to bloody work !   
@lovekikiii I wish I knew your daddy 
Me quiero ir a mi casa! I 4got how much I hate shopping w/my mom! She takes 4ever, &amp; doesn't care that I'm sick! 
@A2theT omg i think my mom has one too! my step mom does. ahhhhhhh  lol
K grandma died  not sure if we are going to tx for the funeral or not.
@thisgoeshere  I will be ok, I think my mom knows its there, I just wanted to get it in the house and cold so I could drink tonight 
@beckie0 aww beckie  *hugs you* my mum was like that at first with me until i showed her your video - i know your mum has been sympathetic
 my dad beats me. ....daddy..
Ugh big momma doesn't feel to good! 
@tommcfly my mom will kill me because i have to take a shower now but i'm here trying to make you say hi to me 
@tommcfly my mom will kill me because i have to take a shower now but i'm here trying to make you say hi to me 
daddy won't answer.. 
@tommcfly why don't u reply me? i'm dying, my mom is so angry because i have to take a shower but i'm trying to make you say hi to me 
@tommcfly why don't u reply me? i'm dying, my mom is so angry because i have to take a shower but i'm trying to make you say hi to me 
@tommcfly why don't u reply me? i'm dying, my mom is so angry because i have to take a shower but i'm trying to make you say hi to me 
@tommcfly why don't u reply me? i'm dying, my mom is so angry because i have to take a shower but i'm trying to make you say hi to me 
@tommcfly why don't u reply me? i'm dying, my mom is so angry because i have to take a shower but i'm trying to make you say hi to me 
@mom2nji chris doesn't want me to make a fuss 
I'm so upset that  it's just rediculious! I'm ready to go live with my stupid dad! 
@HeyItsMandyy idk! kuya and my dad are still out and they still need to get ready. 
@icklesal I do wish I was born in the 80s! They seem much cooler. Though my mom isn't that cool, she thinks david tennant is ugly! 
@Letters4theLord I'm sorry 2 hear that  I am thankful tho, because I know that my void created an insistence w/in me 2 be a great mom.
@tjt72 i don't like them that much 2  my mom well 
At Valeries Housee bored  my mother made me commmeeee grr.
I miss my mom 
@L4U124 8 gb  my mom refused to buy any bigger :'(
I haven't seen my mom since graduation...dang I miss my crazy lady!!!!  
@FREEIRANpro  but i had to drive to see my dad.
I finally finish packing and the hallway in my apt is packed with Dominicans cuz it my roommate mom b day so the whole family is here 
@princesssuperc i love the theme song for mama i want to sing omg it makes me wanna cry cuz i wish my mother would let me chase my dreams 
my dad told me again that i've gotten fat 
@travoose I'm sorry  I went with my dad in harrisburg. It was that good that I would definitely see it again so we should go!
@N33734 ohhhh. I was trting to get mommy and daddy to buy me the blackberry and id give them 200$ but they said no 
man i hate not havin my fone lol my mom took it 
My dad is at a funeral 
I'm sorry about your dad sunshine  you have meee
Scholarship  very bery don't care bout it, but my mom...
I tripped going down my stairs And my mom started laughing 
just said my goodbye to my mommy . attempting to occupy my mind so I won't cry 
@leenuhvfc I think mom's are like that coz my mom too and my dad as well..when I wake up they're gonna shout at me  ughh
i miss my mommy 
How is it a retreat when ur parent comes along.. Not that I hate my dad, it's just annoying when I'm referred to as his son and not me 
@CuteNessa I kno i looker younger  last time I went to a restaurant with my mom &amp; the waitress thought I was 13!! I was so mad!
My dad hates his father day presents 
i wont see my daddy on daddy's day. 
i realy need to go,, my mom will kill me  good nightttttt xoxo
i miss my daddy. 
#iwish my dad was alive  
is packing the last of his childhood stuff from his dad and stepmom's place. Its kinda sad 
booo. @alexalltimelow went live but my mom was using my laptop so i couldn't watch. 
i love my daddy. he's soo amazing. i love him ooh so much! but i didnt know what to get him, so he doesnt have a gift yet 
thinking of what to eat this afernoon, honestly i miss my mom cook 
thinking of what to eat this afernoon, honestly i miss my mom's cook 
I miss my daddy 
Oh god. I hate my mom. I'm exhausted, still have yet to see him. 
aww. my mom left already.  she'll be back on wednesday night ... w/ my dad!!
put up a fence with my dad 
just heard that my grandpa has passed away 
I hate coming home to nobody!!  family is in bed, brother is wiff bf, bff is at homie! So sad
My mom almost ran over two bunnies just now. 
@jdgonzales so upset u haven't twitted me yet  come on suga daddy!!!
H8 when mom talks to me like that 
mom doesn't want me to go with her at the mall, its always my sister. 
will someone share their dad with me? 
@mistressmayhem no internet at my mom's place  Anddd I only go to my dad's on Sundays.
@deathriot oh, no! This guy wasn't my husband &amp; isn't my kid's dad... I have a psycho stalker who thinks GOD told him he was!!! 
I miss my dad.  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
@QueenTessa yep. i know that.  but you know what, i'm really worried about my mom. (
@carlaine28 me? i'm currently worried about my mom's condition. 
@tommcfly oh i wish i could see my dad 
@ruchirfalodiya mom is around .. otherwise i m wishing to talk on mibbit.. 
i miss my daddy !!!!! 
My dad didnt even read his card 
i hate being stuck in this hole i miss my dad!! 
@kateyy__ I know  whenever my mum or dad says I can go somewhere, i can never get there!
At mom and dad's for lunch. In my new  summer outfit and it starts to rain  off to my brother's later for a bbq but won't be partaking
i have to help my dad with our boat  boring
@HeloooDarling my mum took him to work because he was limping reaal bad and she wants to watch him and i need him.. i need to cuddle him 
My mom bought durians back 
@imnotokipromise no  I've never seen them x my mom said I was too young (I'm 12 lol) x have you ever seen them ??? xxx
@SlashHudson   I'm sorry bn bzy i didn't know u lost your mom   private it always better anyway  ...
@VirtualDutchess me either.. i grew up w/ my grandparents and when i finally asked about my dad at 15 i heard he died a yr earlier 
backup drive of my mom died. great  (ticking like a clock)
loves the fact that my mom woke me up at 7 a.m. for church, so i got ready, and went downstairs, and my parents were gone. hmmmphhh 
@branhead4lyfe aaw pray for me! i forgot to wake up and my mom went without me 
I miss my dad, I won't see him til july 10th 
My little sister wants to have a water balloon fight at 930 in the morning. Being the baby of our fam, my dad is making us actually play 
i wanna see my mommy and my daddy. 
@YunSTAR can i come along  my mom and sis left without me (
mom left...  she will be back tuesday...  so we can go to carowinds...
My dad have off the m0dem early again. 
I just spoke with my mom about the flowers she is putting on my dad's grave today. I wish I could be there with her!!! 
my mum's gone  the schtupid driver got here earlier than expected  i hate you guy i hate youuuu!  i miss my mum i want her back!
Not too excited about this celebration of fathers, I miss my dad a lot    
i miss my dad 
i dont want my mama to go 
@buckhollywood awwww i wish i could say that to my dad without getting laughed at by him 
going to pc world with mum N dad to look at computers, finally gettin a new one! my ears also infected 
Up taking mom to work then I have to go to work  only for 5 hours though not to bad   ~*stephanie*~
@loisyoung92 yeahh i know  did your dad like his present?
my daddy is mad 
missing my daddy 
@jGday704 I'm missing my daddy too!!  
I miss my daddy 
@MissShell20 I miss my dad too 
fathers day and my dad id working 
@charleyolmer i wish my mom would let me stay in england when she goes up 
happy father's day, dad joe! you were not proud of yourself for swatting a helpless fly, but yeah, you were a real badass! i miss you. 
dad dad dad i miss you!  go home quickly and let's fighting again huwaaa babe
@kimkardashian i miss my dad too. 
Crying over seeing my dad cry afterr losing grandpa last year 
i wish i knew who my daddy was....  :'(
my dad's working 
Going to the airport to drop my mom off 
i cant see my daddy. 
@Littlebugjuice that's so sad!! You make me miss my daddy even more now!!!    
Fathers day is so depressing...miss my dad. 
out for lunch with my dad and little brother. bored tho 
missin her daddy on daddys day  wishin i had a dad but sometimes car accidents happen n kill ur loved ones 
Holidays like this make me miss mom &amp; dad 
@Sophieeeeee_x your dad taken away your lappy? 
I miss my daddy 
im sad that my dad has to take me to work on father's day 
i remember my father took me out on my 8th bday &amp; brought me a real pony cuz i wanted it so bad but my mom wouldn let me keep it 
i love my daddy and my g-daddy... I hope he feels better soon 
Everyone keeps calling my dad to the house phone &amp; I can't sleep  &amp; my brother woke me up &amp; shit like why he calling me I'm not a dad
I'm missing my dad... 
I wish I could talk to my daddy 
i dont know why but i cant seem to get myself to the cemetary to see my dad 
Totally failed at making my dad breakfast.. Why must he be such an early bird? 
I miss my dad 
my dad's still asleep so i can't surprise him..... 
I tried calling my dad and he didnt answer 
@sarriebear it was fun your mom and donnie and josh didnt go 
Is it 5:30 yet? Where's mom? 
I just woke up to my mom. and from a wired ass dream... the first part was nice, but then I got in trouble by @christoferdrew 
was definatly stood up by her dad... perfect 
@kellyDP11  I'm sorry girlie, my dad got laid off too. If I hear of any jobs, I'll let you know for sure!
my mom isn't feeling well 
I miss my daddy 
just dropped my mom off at the airport 
@Audnumber dont u hate mean bitches?  my nephew has a friend (16) &amp; said his step mom is mean to him - i said how long - he said 14 yrs 
@Alecmonty I could probably put up with my dad but not my mum!  Would be a bit crowded cos my brother just moved back there today 
I miss my mom already 
i just fell too hard running up the stairs and my grandma is laughin at me 
just saw my dad at the park 
@jblgirl grace's dad died  it was so sad
just got a call from her mom...she broke her ankle again 
@MissDadeCounty You're a bad mama 
I miss my dad, I'm so sad 
http://twitpic.com/85k16 - I'm a mean mommy. 
@ButerLoveKwess My mom cooked it. lol. But noo. I have a shitkick. We can only get our tones from them. 
Why am i still up? I miss my mommy. 
nobody loves me    exept for your mom
@almedina4  that reminds me of my grandma.
@rmphotography Wasn't she? That is as close as momma would let me get though 
How come my mom forgot my bday 
hahaha...my mom is home till 11:30 what about tanning and running 
@andreayoas my mom took the van 
@nesspabz nooo i'm not  i REALLLY want to though. try convincing my mom lol.
@klesaw skylar is no longer with us  call mom &amp; cheer her up.
Home alone for a. Few hours but no xbox  mom hid it
@CrissyeBhear hah i actually want to but your mom 
I just drove my mom to the airport.. 
Just woke up. Couldve slept longer if my mom didn't wake me up 
my guitar is fixed,everybody is happy except my mom, she paid for it. but  I have to pay back. now i'm sad. 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
missing my dad 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
my mom was just asking if i could work w/her on fri....so now i'm not sure....... 
@Stephaniecasa omggg same!!! me and my mom were like..crying my dad was like..uhmm? its soo sad 
@edwardthefirst my mom had him on her list. 
My dad went to walmart without me!!! 
@rianepanic @leahh_vee my mom is on steroids... 
grandma is in the hospital again  so i get to play mom all day. siigh.
@mainstreamVIC neverrrr i didnt get it from myrtle =/ i was out with my mom. but honestly i thought of you while i ate it 
@TanujDua haha, i dont think so ... my dad is pestering me to do it 
my mom really stresses me out. 
 I feel lonely without my dad. 
My mom is still sick 
@michaelmcfadden i love those shows too...  I watched the fattest son/mom/dad the other day. the mom died 
I wish I had got to meet my mums mum 
@xftskatie what happened with you and your mom 
My dad's such an asshole. 
my grandma just hit me cause i pulled away when she kissed me, ouch 
My dad just called me to tell me he might have cancer, and was joking about it like it's funny! 
Just found out my mommy might have cancer again... I is really sad 
Totally bummed!  I can't go see transformers tonight cuz my dad won't let me.  Rrrrrrrgggghhhh
My mom got my hopes up I forgot it was tuesday and sytycd isn't on 
@SarahRoseMusic I was but my mom said no 
my dad said i have to get my own car, and stop driving my moms. then he laughed &amp; said good luck saving with all that makeup you buy  
soo..its been a while since ive been to the dentist and oh boy i had some cavities!!...my mom was not happy 
My mom refuses to send me to mace.  argh!
&amp; worst of all, my mom refuses to send me to macr! 
learning about my mom's step-mom's granddaughter renee. (did you follow that?) she killed herself when she was twenty-one. 
hoping my grandma isnt mad at me anymore. 
@urahoax I dunnooooo!  I blame my mom for bribing me with clothes. lol
@vintagy i no rite/i do miss your mom 
I wish my dad was alive so he could help me design my tattoo 
My mom gave us both a list of chores to do  so my dad said well shop &amp; do the chores really quickly before she come home. Haha.
goodnight moon.. breakfast in the am at my mom's house and then work from 2 to 10 
My mom won't make any more pizza. 
waiting for daddy iyenk in citos with iyenkto and ganeto :] what's taking him so long?  http://myloc.me/5y8r
@htizzle lol darn! I borrowed the first book and then get mom threw away the second one 
fighting with my mom yet again 
brinney is being mean again.  whyyy little sister whyyy are you soo verbally abusive. i wish you were my mom so i can call cps
About to head out to bristol with my dad, eurgh. Looking forward to the open day, it's just my dad 
Morning all! I'm still tired but my mum won't let me go back in bed! 
shut up mum. all you do is yell at me! 
I really miss my mom... 
@RosieGaga my mommy has diabetes too  i love you bb.
So sad  I'm not ok. I don't think i'll have good marks. I don't wanna make my dad and mom feel disappointed. Nooooooooooooooooooo
frustrated upset ready to cry  my baby daddy in jail and my daughter is with his family cause he was with him in cali
My parents are locked out of their room  my dad's looking for a spare key, while my mom misses her K-drama and here I am cleaning my room.
@_rachelx cooos, i was supposed to go to dancing but mum or dad didnt even come to pick me up 
My roomie's mom and grandma give me lots of foods while I'm trying to lose some weight. Now I'm at my heaviest weight ever!! 
the dad is angry 
I was waking cuz my niece is sick  She was shaking, thought she was just cold, I covered her but she still shaking so I woke up ur mom.
i am worried about my dad 
Just woke up cuz my mom wanted me to move my car &amp; listening to my dog run in &amp; out attacking a bear.. I wana go back to sleep!! 
@WrXnEfX yuuup. mother fuckers. i want a sonic burger 
(( idk when will my mom finish cooking *delayed due to out of gas* gaah it's already 9.20  ))
my mom is so fuckig stupid   i hate her ( i cry you ask why ? because of my mom  she has struck me !
can't wait to see charlotte!!!!!!! kinda really   with my dad right now. seriously.. sigh.
daddy gone 
@sprgz i WISH. my dad won't let me go. 
One of my fish died.  And it's my mom's birthday pa naman.
i am worried about my dad 
just woke up . i miss my mommy 
My mommy has left 
damn overslept now I'm startin my dad mad late... 
My dad and my stepmom are fighting all the time 
beyond disapointed that mom wont go and get her the book already.. 
mom wont take me to borders to get @HeatherBrewer new book. Now im bummed 
Missing my mommy already. . . 
@swimmermag idkk my mom wants me home b/c my grandfather is here and we are getting ready for the party.. 
dinner with my mum and my sis!! my dad is in the hospital 
@KeepinUpWKris omg you are the best mom...your girls are blessed 
i love my grandma 
@michaelgrainger  buddy I really think I forgot that I had already taken my meds and have doubled the dose :0 hubby home soon, I need him 
done with helping my dad... 
also done with my mom's errands... 
@TonyaTko I see you escaped the evil step mom 
@Ayshah_ haha! then you're one kewl mom! 
Haha the sunglare is really bad so my dad took my purple raybans hehe 
My lil bro woke me up.  then my mom told him to wake me up  Yay to wake up calls!
@TheMarketingMom mawwnin mom 
Picking up my mom and going tanning 
I have such a great mom 
Is home from the party with a nice piece of penis cake for the kids (I know I'm the best mom ever!!) 
@AlvinGentry  coach... can  u share a pic of your dad with us?  pretty please? #followfriday @AlvinGentry
inside the 'black' with dad 
@ArticlesFYI you sure we don't have th same mom 
Calling my mom. 
@mama2doxies a whole one????????????? 
getting ready then out to eat with my daddy 
going shopping with mom and @shannaluvswayne for her dress for the wedding 
Cleaning the house cuz mom &amp; grandma are coming to visit!  
watching made!  and my mom just killed a wasp...
wagon *got*.  happy daddy.  
Watching bring it on with my mom 
just treated my mom and i to a pedi 
 heading my dad's store
@claudiagmodel You are such a good momma. 
your mom 
@mmangen  good to hear and his mom does not miss a beat in being a great quickbooks expert and excel queen
@jasonyo hahah you got pwned by somebody's mom! 
@woodsprite my husband is pregnant with seth's mom?  i could really use a clear update here.  
hi my name is @stevenlogas and a black dude pimps my mom. 
Not around, my grandma is here. 
is off to see grandma now 
@Courageous_one Awww... she just wants to be close to her mum 
beach with jillian, kyle, mom, aunt, and ms. hope 
@x__dickhead That's coooooool  I'm sure my mum/dad'll drop you off when you're going  xoxo
My momma is crazy! But i love her.  x
Going grocery shopping with my mom. I feel like I'm 6 again. Just me and my mom. 
Going to visit grandma and grandpa 
Going for a little walk with my mum 
My mom told me to buy shoes and my dad said he should buy me a new ipod. I always listen to my parents 
Lovess her daddy for making her hamburger helper lol 
My mom bought me midol! Helllll yeahhhh 
At Salsalitos with my momma 
@mileycyrus You are so lucky you get to go to rome i have been dying to go there for ages but my mum nd dad wont take me..maybe someday. 
bein annoyed iwth mum n dad ' n eatin lolli pops 
@jokoness prepare mom's favorite tea already 
'how i met your mother' about to start than 'scrubs' than 'desperate housewives' than 'brothers and sisters' - now thats some gooood tv 
@dinidu haha no no, @mahindarox is my mama, he is every good kid's mama... our own father christmas! 
@AmberMarion aw mommy 
will eat some cake, baked by mom  http://plurk.com/p/p64wa
@ecstasissy just download it  im still not sure dear my mom will choke me if i go to bmth concert
teaching my dad how to text message. 
is going to visit my mom and dad!!! 
@mum100 she's probably trying to work you out as well. 
my daddy is so confused that I didn't eat my papaya treat - only momma can give it to me tonight 
my dad bought me a icecream.   mike poulin you are epic.
Watching Movies with my dad and hubby 
@caterina999 shes taking her mom 
@shakah0lic SHOCKER!!! stefy, my mom tells me yo sis is walking. (: !!! 
i love myy daddy, i dont think he could be much better 
@sabriebrie why dont u go watch it with ur mom, I do that exact thing with my mom!! its fun 
Why my friends does have wonderful moms but my mom sets arrest for me,it sucks she treats me like a child,but my mom is still wonderful 
My mom and I reconciled! 
Really hope that my mom will listen to what my dad said... He's right, mom! He's right! I 100% agree with him. hehe... 
eating fish with my grandma and my mommy and daddy 
goiing out with my mom, peaceandlove 
goin shoppin with mom and my nieces 
@andrewdisley btw me and my dad can defo cone to #jugglecon2 
Lunch &amp; Movies with mom &amp; sister 
has got the best mum ever. 
Headded to breakfast with mama and daddy! 
Out and about  eating lunch with my dad and heidi.
my mom loves s'mores. 
At the zoo with my mom 
@WalterFuckinLee my mom said to get your ass over here then 
my mother in law is in town to help with mommy &amp; baby...sooooo thankful that she's here 
@ the diner with my mommy!  hit me up..
@issurilek You are cracking me up, mom. 
going to extoggery with mum, 
omg! I laughed so much with my mom &amp; dad hahahaha! 
my mom just made me tea  sometimes i think i have the best parents on earth and i thank god for them 
@natalietran my mum says otherwise! 
@tommcfly yum. my mum's making one for us. smells good  x
running to target, working until 3 &amp; then my mommy &amp; daddy are coming home!!! finally!!! 
@TheGameCritique Your dad is obviously the cool dad. 
talking to my mum! and listening to music! 
Gardening with my dad 
going to buy the mama duke's mother's day present with the daddy &amp; lil brother  off we go! to the mall &lt;3333333333
chatting with my dad right now 
Going bowling with my dad. 
@planethealer so it is a child singing ... how sweet ...i am a grandma of two 
i just heard my mom talking to my brother, looks like if i can get those tickets off ebay im going! 
bought a livelavalive shirt  i love my dad 
My brother, his gf, grandma and grandpa is here  Yayy! I just don't see how I'll have time to do homework...
i love my grandma 
My grandma told me I'm her chocolate queen  I love it!
wants him to be mah cuddy buddy !  lMfao   daddy you down?
sitting in the backyard praying for my pastors, praying for Gods love, and praying for my mom.  http://short.to/73gb
@tommcfly loved his dark materials  my mom bought them for my last bday 
Tv night with my daddy 
watching american dad.  
@erbear_x I danced to that song when I was four   They told my mom it would make me not clumsy... yeah right!
@tweetwithjason lol...trying to save yourself, huh???  ily...gnite! grandma's off to bed!
yay! my mommy is finally here! 
teasingly blackmailing my mom is so much fun! 
@corysparks only ur mom &amp; daughters mom count lol...f the rest jk 
@shelliwazzu  well she didnt for awhile, she listens to my mom and dad 
@Poppimuffinz aww de cute and peaceful he look...i can see u smiling from ear to ear as a proud daddy... 
watching seven pounds with my mom 
@VIbeauty we will work on that mama  sweetdreams!
@alivicwil She's so funny!!! I wish she were my grandma 
My mom and my little sister're gonna be back home soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon 
@DHughesy no your not  they are very cute, how you going being a daddy?
@SonjaNorwood ,,, hey mom,, 
@matildaxo ooohhh. I understand. I never get sick of her so im on your moms side  I guess your dad just likes what he likes....lol
@ChontelleBourke I will try. But I don't care what my mum says 
@MichaelSmith22 lol, wen my mum used to take me as a kid, i wud always eat the bread instead! haha. 
@peburns that's exactly what this mama is doing 
just got home from dinner and am really really full. my mom said my dad bought me a sony a200k? holyyyyyyy 
my dad and i totally just rocked out to the offspring-pretty fly for a white guy. haha. 
@angusmaclean yeah I've been there, my son is two so we go to only the kid friendly places now;) congrats on the baby! 
My mom just came home and she FINALLY got me a guitar strap! yay! 
my mother is drunk grrrreat.. It's okay it's mothers week 
@MrYoga I love my mom, she's the best mom on the planet 
@chickieleighc That was nice. I Just ordered my mom her gift from me and my sister.   Something different and unexpected.
Playing bingo with my mom and other old ladies 
@bella456  im going to my inlaws tonight.  hopefully my new niece will be there!  who needs kids when my inlaws have them all for me! 
@JohnLloydTaylor I love my mom tooo 
I think its cute my mom still waits up for me when I go out eventhoough I've spent 2 yrs out of the house. &lt;3 my mama 
will be doing all the chores just for her mama 
Oops. I'm watching my mom&amp; son sleeping and  ing
@glammyts happy mum's day to ur mom  say you're from the philippines too? 
@andrew_apuya hey hey andrew!!! haha! ;P well happy mother's day to your mum. 
I wanna say happy mother's day to all the mom's including mine love u mama 
loves it when mom and dad come to visit! nothin better 
http://twitpic.com/4wn21 - one of the presents that i made my mom 
@stacyyuu your mom, actually 
happy mother's to all the moms out there.. 
And on that note im going to bed happy mother's day to my mommy +&amp; all the other mom's out there love u lady 
I love my mommy. 
&quot;suprised&quot; mom with a cake and a present, because it's mother's day!  dad had bought flowers. : &gt;
Having dinner with my grandma since I couldn't be with my mum. 
i love my mommy 
@mom2twnsn2000  you should enter the giveaway then!!!! who couldn't use $25...I know I could 
@JazZyLov3 loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is FINALLLY done talking to me and has left me alone 
happy mother's dayy!!! to me andd the rest of the fabulous mommy's out there 
i'm hungry. i want scrambled eggs again. my grandma always makes perfect scrambled eggs. my mum sucks at it. so i'll go make some myself! 
@kellydollyrot aww... my mom will appreciate it   Much the same to your familias! When do you leave for tour?
happy mother's day to all mom's out there!!  we gave our mom a rose and we treat her to max's restaurant..how about yours?
lookin forward to a lovely meal out for grandparents 75th at posh italian 
is having carbonara for dinner made by my mum mom 
My mom was happy with my present  yayy
happy mothers day @ my mum  (also to my sis @kamyisonfire and my &quot;mum&quot; jess, ahah)
@RevRunWisdom grandma was my mom and she went home 6-19-08 so I am talking to her thru prayer 
enjoyin mother's day with my mom 
@aceofhearts26 i am glad i cant cook and my dad knows not to make me try 
Making mom breakfast 
Give your mom a hug today, I did 
my mom= the best... off to sing for jesus 
My mom liked her mothers day gift. SUCCESS! 
on a better note, my mom loved her mothers day card i made her 
I love my mommy 
mum, i love you. sorry i'm so useless and forgetful 
about to go to church with my nana. and then later with mom and sis. happy mother's day loves. text me 
Thinking about how blessed I am to have such a wonderful mom!  I need to call her and tell her...
off to unityville to cook for my momma and my gramma 
I miss my momma she far from me if you have your mom with you right now give her a kiss and a hug for me 
i cleaned the house for my mom  (while my mom and sister were/are still asleep)...now what?
@misslaurie happy mommy mommy and all that good stuff 
@onehipmama Beautifully done! A gift to a lucky mom from a lucky son! 
@AilinaAnn1988 hey girl! How are u? I'm good, just eating brunch with my mom 
my chesecake was really delicious  ( i made it for my mom)
I love my mommy 
@mileycyrus aww  i bought my mom a locket that says &quot;a mother holds her daughters hand for a short while but her heart forever&quot; on the bck
i love my mommy ! 
@dannywood oh danny  u are making me cry... I miss my mom back home...
Eating some food with my awesome mom 
I love my mommy 
celebrating with my mommy 
taking the momma-dukes out 
  go give ur mom a hug right now. http://bit.ly/azFwv
listening my mom's conversation 
Yayy I looove my mommy  she's so pretty &lt;333333!!!!!
@JaxRaghibTrail i don't have a mom. but thanks anyway! 
happy mommy's dayyy  i love my mommy!!!
@teemwilliams enjoy it with mum! we only have one ! 
@jpippert LOL, and my grandma was even more passionate. 
What are u doing for ur mom ? 
taking my momma out to lunch then visiting other mothers that i love  
Just had lunch with my mommy! 
i love my momma.  
@ClaudeKelly I wish your mom the best claude!! 
@tonydeanxo i called my mom homegirl  haha
i &lt;3 my mommy 
@ddlovato My mom says thank U :] congrats 2 ur mom 4 this day &amp; 4 having an amazing girl like U 
hanging with my momma 
i gave my mommy the best gift ever, the gift of having me as awesome son like me 
@JamaicaPanama AWWWW!!! ;'-) I went 2 my mom's 4 brunch; called my stepmomz &amp; my soon2B motherNlaw 
my mom's choice surprisingly 
just gave my mom some flowers, and she loves them  so im happy
I am so excited for my daddy and grandparents to get here tomorrow! 
@ddlovato i told my mom u said that she said thnx 
@chucktaylor244 yayyy! my bracelet is complete! woohooo  now tomorrow can you help me attach it cause my mom can't figure it out haha
my mom liked the brownies i made her. success! 
My mom is getting here soon! only for a night but hey that's better than no mommy visit at all. 
watching 24 hoping my mom goes to bed soon so i can get to mid sky 
loves her daddy very much 
@SylviaDiscount are we supposed to hate your mum? 
i can't wait to see my mommy!! 
My mommy wrote two of my papers for me 
had the most delicious dinner w/ my mum &amp; daddy!  I'm a very lucky girl. making the family/work balance legit. I love my new career!
Just got a new kitten  me and my mom rescued him and he is too adorable
dad took max for a walk 
@TaiSaintBoogie still need to hang out again mama 
@madwilliamflint I am sure your mom wants only the best for you  my son is also always hiding everything when I enter his room ;)
talking to my mommy then going to bed 
just had a sweet hug with my dad 
@CallMeRideOut no i get your mom though  
yeeeeaaaaahh daddy is coming 
@elroy12 - eric millegan asks what to do and you say &quot;call your mom&quot; hehe love it 
I told my mom to wake up early but then, I woke up late! What a happy story 
@cameron_crazy I saw the pic of the sleepy one... my son has a tux.... he is 2 yrs old and a brat  (not the son, the cat)
Off to manchester to meet my mom and set up for event 
  My mom is the funniest person ever!  
Going shopping later w/ my mom! 
My mom made pancakes 
mom is making pancakes 
Lol just woke up sorry @ambergk  out with momma dukes nowwww
Going to eat sweet tomatoes with my mommy. I need some mom time 
awh, mum just bought me a necklace with an 'L' on it. wrapped all nicely too  tyy mum.
@umurtu mom cooking for sure 
i was just playing around with my mom. lol nvm i was for real lmbo 
going shopping with the sister and mom 
At chilis with mom. 
My grandma is here 
@AnnaSaccone What did you get with your mom shopping?!  anything good? 
grandfather's house with mom  looking at dresses online.
its sunday, lunch at mom &amp; dad 
@lizzistardust my mom did not see it that way.  #lawnmower
brrrrrb, watching p.s i love you with nana 
Just watched my dad on telly. never knew it would be sooooo funny 
http://twitpic.com/5dfni - Flowers i got mom for her graduation. 
really need to sleep now.. my mom woke up and asked me why am i still up.. problem is..i'm not yet sleepy 
 @CharlottegC I just saw ur mum
@james_xander http://twitpic.com/4zbly - aw, your mom is gorgous! n your so cute 
teaching grandpa how to use his new macbook 
off to see angels and demon with my dad and sis &lt;3 
okay! well I will work on my accent and pretend to be your mom! 
Packing up to go home to my mom's. 
@paradoxqueen yes, I would agree with your mom and grandma about marriage, but thats only part of it 
But _____'s mom loves me, so she'll quit 
@nataliesp you and your mom will be in my prayers 
@AlyssaMD never too late to try again. my mom bought me a guitar, so i had to learn to play it back then. talk abt forcing u  off to bed!
I'm happy being 20.....3. It's cool. I can still be a hot mommy    someday ;)
mom's baking some shizz... will eat some later 
#whocangetit yur mom 
dad on the treadmill! hahah big lolll 
enjoying food prepared by mom 
@joyfirestar daddy will support you 
Cuddling up with my mommy 
OH: So good to have to family back together. I'm thankful for that  my mom said today &quot;how would you l.. http://tinyurl.com/qorur2
My dad acts macho but I can tell he's impressed. 
having another mommy-daughter again! i heart you mom 
would love to get a tattoo of a cute little puppy!  dont tell dad though 
I bought some flowers for my mom. 
@pixlanim8r Haha just read your thing now, I haven't seen any grandma's, but I took a photo of a mom wearing it, she looked young though 
finally my mom had cook something yay 
@khailee omfg your mom rocks. 
i need to eat dinner 'till mom gets here!  i'll check on your updates later.
@brandyland82 your dad she's only saying grampa because she's thinking I want more twinkies 
@dannywood u left the ship &amp; i did not get to say good bye....awesome seeing u again &amp; ur dad &amp; daughter 
just had dinner with dad, mom, &amp; bro in hoka hoka bento 
Waiting to drive my dad to work...then going to the mall... 
got my bangs cut and i think it's pretty good  gtg my mom's making me study -_-
@KeepinUpWKris can I just adopt you as a second mom? 
@ylianaaa haha! That was your sugar daddy! 
@lauradawg lol @ your mom  the talktalk guys are the same!
driving  mom 2 the airport. still having a great day all struggles aside..happy 2 have a man, son, &amp; great friends &amp; twit fam who luv me 
YEYYYY mom's coming homeee! 
your mum 
@DHSWatchList Your mom's the new. ... ... ... 
@misskatastrophe P.S i don't mean to sound like your mom. lol. 
@yomurray I'm like a mommy but I get paid 
Flying back home...I really miss my grandma and grandpa. 
@imcute519 hehehe  my mom used to get pissed off because i would sing what's my age again to my grandparents lololol
@shannonulation I hope your dad had a good bday 
off to coffee with mum 
@combustiblesong LOL nope i still feel it inside c: but i don't wanna wake my dad or my cousin up 
I miss my childhood friend ruth!!!! I love her so muchhhh  I just called and her mom said shes out. I cant wait to get on the line w her!!
I love my daddy 
#followfriday, @AngryBritain, he's the daddy 
@dBeatz maybe your dad might like his laptop back, honey 
Your mum's my dad and ur dad's my gran and ur gran's my dog,...... continue if you love god  x
otw to skin doctor with my mom 
@ mall with mom &amp; bro 
@jaydems LOL no. but it's funny 'cause her mum is joining us. shall be funeth! 
@sthrncutie I think your mom and your sister are smart people 
@ starbucks with mom 
@xslumberdoll Yay then! Haha funny that your mom did that 
@tristasutter what a lucky mom you are!! 
#ff @herbadmother because her mom made me cry good tears yesterday 
#followfriday @PITCHERPARK an awesome mom, friend, and all around sweetheart! 
@mchesner  So, you changed the tire but did not have time to email your mom?  (I am SUCH a mommy!)  
mom and dad go to hospital 
but it's nice to see my mom excited 
@typicalsuicide adderall. but i got it now. my mama brought it to me  i feel sooo much better now!
@Ciaolaura I appreciate the mom-ness 
just came back from hunting with mummy and daddy! 
@Flying_hei hey puppy mom! how is ruby 
@EAHarris cool, me too. living with mom and my 3 kids. heheh katey, petey and tommy. 
@hedtoshi he sounds really nice and knowledgeable  glad your dad found him. haah, james stop being so cynical!
@nubbybuns Your mom is crazy.  ...well, my mom is. 
k cool beans.  i will show them to my mom tomarrow she went to sleep
@flistch I know!!! I told your mom to say bye... but it's not the same. We'll be in touch here 
@yaseminx3 Yes I do  I have one on my back. It's 3 stars with H,L and K in them, for my mom, dad and bro. I want a new one ;)
Off to have breakfast with mom 
oh man, vh1 is playing the 40 most sensational soft rock songs! it reminds me of my mom while i was growing up. i love my mom 
replying to my dad 
@textdrivebys @yveesway - think you meant my mom lol 
@prettygurl312 i will...w/o my mom finding out lol!!! 
@lemongeneration yes she will. ^^ Maybe she'll be a rocker like her dad when she's older. 
@MissKellyO I'm totally following your mum, she's all kinds of awesome!  What a good daughter, getting the whole family involved.  
@ChristinaGayle I was recently at a local event where @zarbees was talking about  a mom who took the medicine. just found out it was you! 
#bigfanfriday @manishamusic, very sweet, an understanding step mom!! 
go out w/ my mom 
@MrsSOsbourne welcome to twitter  how exciting! now I have to get my mum to join . . .
@TomFelton Awww~, that's so sweet of your mom! 
