Most common words for this cluster:
[('mom', 308), ('mommy', 84), ('day', 47), ('today', 30), ('quot', 26), ('moms', 21), ('time', 21), ('home', 20), ('i', 18), ('amp', 18), ('http', 17), ('na', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Mom', 0.9699175357818604), (u'mom', 0.7721341252326965), (u'Dad', 0.7609071135520935), (u'Mommy', 0.7566492557525635), (u'Grandma', 0.7089895606040955), (u'Frumpy_Middle_Aged', 0.7088536024093628), (u'DEAR_JUDIE', 0.7010884284973145), (u'Moms', 0.6885995864868164), (u'mommy', 0.6883572936058044), (u'Momma', 0.6873950958251953)]





Emily will be glad when Mommy is done training at her new job. She misses her.  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6176014
In the car on the way to the boat. Mommy is in a bad mood 
Photo-editing on MySpace! I am soooo gonna miss this laptop when my Mom goes home!!! 
Hanging with my Mom on her birthday! Helping get thru Dad's stuff. Man, it's hard. I miss him so bad!! 
Rowan is gonna miss my Mommy while she's gone...   http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6257406
@JoyVBehar  My Mom did the Times crossword every day in ink! Sposed to keep you mentally agile...too bad the demetia didn't take heed! 
Mom and Grandmom just left.  Apartment's empty again. 
TERRIBLE headache. Laying on the couch, listening to Mom, Maya and Mo do gardening stuff on the deck. Someone knock me out. 
don't know what to do with myself. Moms goin out and i'm missing someone a lot 
just gave Manolo her i.v medicines. Mom's born-day tday! wish it was a better day to feel good about  still concerned about my babelet. 
Just got home from having coffee with Mom. Omg this weekend is sooo freaken boring.. and I'm gonna be alone all night 
Running errands with Mom. There's a wreck on Exit 7. Traffic's slow as all get out 
Mom doesn't want me to come up and buy her dinner for her 80th. Rodeo week and swine flu scare. 
My Mommy slept in today, and I wanted to play. 
waiting for early riser Lucy to go down for a nap so I can pack up. We head over to support Step-Mom who is having surgery tomm! 
@Mom_Needs_A_Nap @Mom_Needs_A_Nap   that stinks.
@coreygrandy Aaaannd.. Becca's Mom has decided to not let her go. I'm sorry 
Hey Guys. do you know that sometimes that  in MSN someone sends a MSG and a Link to a Virus? My Mom got one and she installed it 
Mom (Hangs up phone) Me: &quot; You said we going to Chicago next week!?&quot; Mom: &quot;Naw. I just said that so I could get off the phone with her.&quot; 
@Lyrics_Mommy my friend vanessa  ahahhah
...I thought my sister told him we were meeting Mom at McDonalds. Vice versa. 
@susan_adrian  *hugs* and ice cream and ~feel better vibes~ to child! Mommy makes it better.
No church tomorrow  Mom's going to the soccer fields and I should probably follow her... At least for tomorrow....lol
Passing out in Papio tonight ... Moms day breakfast in 7 1/2 hours 
I think I'm not the only who 4gets I'm a Mommy 
Save Santa Barbara.. Please please keep safe of my Mom's apartment. And of course, my mom 
WTF? Up at 4:30am to go get Dunkin Donuts for the boys to give to Mom and they are closed - 24 hour store?  Try again after my run 
Kiss your mother today.  My first Mother's day without Mom 
Mom's day, wish mama was here...  , it's sunny in The Netherlands, finally!!!
I'm mad at Snapfish because I ordered a card for my Mom LAST sunday when they sent me an e-mail about it, and the card never came 
Morning morning morning!  Mommy let us out and then wouldn't let us back in to the bedroom to play. 
About to get up for wrk. Mommy has to go to church alone on her day 
@GloriaGarner Wish I could say same, as I'm childless   But, I already called my Mom this morningon the road down in Tennessee!
DISv.4 is down  What will I do with myself? Hang out with Mom apparently.
missing my Mommy so much 
Mommy dont like me. 
Called Mom and got a busy signal.. 
Mom loved her gifts! Especially the vacay to the Europe that she's always wanted but I regret it, I'll miss her so while she's gone 
Met the sweetest kid 2nite-foster kid who is going to make his crack whore of a Mom regret not being there for him-wish I could adopt him 
I think im dyin. But i don't wanna go to the doctor. Moms gonna make me 
no coverage issues, just family issues.  Hubby, Mom, Dad, Brothers most people I talk with daily are on Verizon.. 
@logandawg Yupyup I'm a biiiiiiiiiiiiiig #caps fan. My Mom is a bigger Caps fan. She keeps making unhappy faces today. 
fell off a chair while trying to set up for thespian initiation and really bruised herself. Ouch. Mom is making me ice it. 
Getting ready then off to Lahey for most of the day. I hope my Mom gets better soon 
Back from Mahon Point - everybody got something, except Mommy. Mommy hates shopping 
Wishing I was eating with Mom and Dad right now in FL where they can get Martha Stewart Pot Pie Slabs from Costco. We only have Sam's 
@d33pak Your Mom must be a relative of mine 
getting ready to take my Mom to the Gulf for a few days.  Son is up in Boca, getting a job today.  Gonna miss him when he goes.  
 Mom goes home this am which means I go back to work in the pm. Vacation is almost over!
Bus left, Veronnica left, Mom has no car  Would one of you like to give me a ride to school?  ...... please? ;_;
Bus left, Veronnica left, Mom has no car  Would one of you like to give me a ride to school?  ...... please?.. http://twurl.nl/bsg3bz
Uh oh. Someone hit Mom's car while it was parked on the street last night. I got to see what a police man looks like.  Poor Mom.
In Charlotte with my Mom and sister enjoying time with them missing my hubby and kids though 
Falling asleep to the sound of my washer and dryer...I'm pretending its waves crashing on the sea wall at Moms beach house. 
Mom just brought me love in a box! Aka fellinis pizza! Yummy! On a sadder note, I think I left @electricBF at school 
How was everyones day today?? Mine was HORRIBLE! Mom left me home alone all day because she had to get some more stuff for our trip 
@rebekahfair I hate when that happens. Mom got me an Evenstar knockoff for Xmas one year, and now it only has half the shiny it should. 
@Vixenflye  *scared* ... Mommy... *whimper*
Mommy thinks i might be starting a fever. No bueno. 
Crying Right now becuse my mom is in the hospital staying over night. I Love You Mom.                    
@Britt_Kims_Mom Omg ouch!!! Make sure to put on aloe lotion. I use a kind with lidocain in it and it helps a ton! 
Mom said no to the doves. Coworker is going to let them loose. Aaahhh!  I want them! I even have a picture of them on my cellphone.
So now we'll pay more in sales tax...great.  Even worse Mom and Pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.  
I don't know what my Mom gave me to clean my Macbook with but it is SO white now. It was tinted grayish blue from my black desk. 
OPS sorry  Queen Mom
@BigEish How?? and who is Mommy??? I want to call but the phone is still broke 
  Mom says I have to get a new phone IMMEDIATELY....off to T-Mobile.  she paying....
@Mami2Mommy yea but i havent been in years. probably not even close to being the same 
Mom is off to Poland. I'm off to bed... A bit sad. I hate saying goodbye 
I seriously miss my long hair. Ugh. Mom had it cut shorter than what I actually wanted 
Mom woke me up at 6:30 on a SATURDAY! 
Getting ready to take Mom to the airport - she's going back to Cincy today - I'm so sad... 
i just had a dream that my Mom was gonna marry Santa on Christmas and no one got presents. 
Going to say bye to half of my fam! Mom, sis and bro moving to Charlotte. All of my babysitters!! Lol. Gonna miss em!  
Gee, Mom, thanks for waking me up at 6:30 this morning, I so appreciate not sleeping in on the weekend 
What a boring day... I have nothing to do, Mom is sick and I don't have money to see my friends...  Give me some suggestions!!
Soren seems to like the new floor, so far so good. Out for a treat, not Ritas though  Mom mentioned it and now I want some!!!!
Worried about Megan's Mom. 
Not making beats right now  ... Moms borrowed my laptop for a while  ...... @ my grandmas house right now .... What yall up to???
Mama pulled out her rollers, after Mom fixed it for her 30 min ago. Thinking it's morning. Mom almost started to cry.Then had to redo it. 
And great, now I have lost Marvin my blind cat. Mom didn't look what he was doing this morning and now he is nowhere to be found 
is up and missing church today   Waiting for my Mom to arrive from FL, cleaning, packing and the pool is on the agenda for today!
I wish I had a mom whom I could look up to, whom could guide me in life  mine is such a horrible despressed frustrated ugly type. Mom Rent
ERRANDS &amp; Cleaning  Mom status.
Mom is in her cleaning frenzy. Dont want to go inside. 
it's a sad day in the tennis world ... Nadal lost ... Mom's so upset 
@09Casper wish I could have some... Mom keeps it far from me though 
(@troianrae) Note to self: pretending family will help deal with Mom's absence is a crock! I should have stayed in SD. 
is in the middle of a long and stressful situation. I miss my Mom and just want her to be okay. Reality is cruel right now. 
Mom yelled &quot;Computer 24/7! Dont you have better things to do?!&quot; I was vvv tempted to respond but i guess silence is golden 
@jannagae Not yet I need a bath first! I love being clipped. Mom uses Wahl clippers &amp; scissors for my face and paws. Don't like nail trim 
Mom's been angry whole day. I have stories to tell.   First day at work tmr! Dono if it's good but I'm not nervous one bit! Haha ;)
No wonder I'm so cold. Someone turned the ac on! It thought it was forbidden. I'm watching food network. Bobby Flay! Mom left for Europe 
There's a reason I'm not a mother at seventeen! I want my Mommy 
@spazzyyarn Sorry about your Mom  I wish her a speedy recovery. How is your little one feeling?
Mommy leaves for Massachusetts tomorrow 
@lis109 Nites hun! Mom misses dad like crazy....  Talk about it tomorrow.
Mom got me the WKAP song book but it's not gonna get here until the day before I have to leave for the Philippines.  Woe is me.
Mom just drugged me up with Clariton and Advil. Lovely. My eyes still kill 
@kasiafink My Mom is in Mexico right now. No chance of me getting cake any time soon 
My Mommy is hater twitts I will admit it  lol @guerillamilk thinks its funny but not me  lol
@iamtheplague @worldisphat Mom being back means no TV for me, so no Conan  FMLLLLLLL
can't believe that Mom still hasn't completely understand that I am now a SAFE driver who is NOT putting other' lives in jeopardy. Hmphh 
Mom woke me up early Cuz She didnt think i could get ready 
@mmaislife Got to pick up some stuff in town for my Mom, might pick up some clothes while I am there. Then Driving lessons at 5 
Today marks 4 years ago that my Dad died. Mom died when I was 19. In a pity party for a few weeks. 
@maritzac - elimination is always lovely... that's how I knew it was the monitor that fried.  I hooked up monitor to Mom's desktop - BLK! 
Moms grilling me on my final review. 
ops sorry  Queen Mom
Raina &amp; Mommy are gonna take a bath. It was a wack day 4 us. we we're all cranky  work out has me drained &amp; i only went for 30 mins!
Mom's on an IV now.  This will probably be a long night.  
Wylie loves to snuggle! And Mom kind of actually likes him! Unfortunately, he has to go back to the prison today 
There are not enough words to say how much I'm NOT looking forward to taking Mom to the MVA this morning. 
Mommy isnt feeling good  im praying reallllyy hard 
@MiggyDog thanks Miggy! Mom found that out too but some other pet got the one pet seat on her plane already 
Mom got home from Norway today... I wanna visit my family over there too 
@Ldenemark I talked my Mom into going, going to be an early morning.. I have to go to bed early tonight  Gotta be up at 3am.
Mommy made me quesadillas!! Getting ready then work til 10 
@sick_nasty I don't think I can. My Mom's plane is going to land and I'm pretty sure she wouldn't be happy if I wasn't there. Sorry. 
I's an upset tummy, Mommy says no walk today. 
@Kelly208 No problem for the #FF Love. I'm still lame. I need to write your Mom and say hello. I suck... 
Hey @hawkcam Mom or Dad? Not Portico   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Mom said that if Mona doesn't throw up the ribbon or pass it we can't afford the surgery she'd need. 
@jen_greenawalt Sounds like you got the raw end of the deal. Moms usually do. 
I miss my Mom! She had to go away on business! I like it when she's home doing her writing! Whimper-Woof 
http://twitpic.com/6qijw - Grabbing some early fast food breakfast. Mom is sad I am leaving. 
Mommy why is the sky crying? 
In the spirit of Moleyneux's Milo: Virtual Child Abuser. I'm betting it'd stop real child abuse. Or like marijuana it'd be a gateway 
And I so don't wanna be @ work today. I'd rather be home taking care of my baby who's sick with a fever  Mommy loves you Niveyah!
Waaah, I am so bored :|  Mom's watching Prison Break. )
Breakfast with the family. Mom's last day in KC! 
@Ithilwen Evil? I think not!  Aw darn.. I forgot to tell Mom to get extra stuff for a frappuccino later.. 
Spent the whole effin day revising! Mom's mad at me for not wanting to do Russian while Ira's here. I'm so tired!! And its only 8:30 pm! 
Getting lost in L.A. with Mom, Looking for a random lunch find. I wish I had a canon G10. 
Mom said we did GREAT in dressage, but then she got the score and said we've some 'things' to work out. but I was so good! 
holy crap, worst shoes ever. Wear them for 20 minutes and my feet are blistered so bad! Mom fail  They were cute too, grr
@michaella62003 Awhhhh.... Mommy said not today 
Grrrr. Mom is making me wear flats to promotion instead of converse 
O_o I'm sitting here waiting for my Mom &amp; I'm nommin some beef jerky. Then I think &quot;Gee all I'm really doing is consuming dried flesh&quot; 
Just in and found a huuuge spider on my wall!! :S Dads in his bed so theres noone to kill it!!! 
Hi everyone! Mom just left to the mall and I'm hungry. She left me no food. 
Back home, borrowing Mom's Suburban, &amp; hoping that it doesn't cost a fortune to repair my car. 
I keep thinking I need to call my Mom, but then I realize she's gone. Part of my brain hasn't accepted it yet, I guess. 
@Mom_17 just checking - you will have to send a support request to twitter. Account has possibly been comprimised 
P.Mommy couldn't resist doing a ton of shopping! Lots of fun things being sold here she says. I don't care, I just want to eat.  Aroooo!
Ok, Mom couldn't dig the energy of having @ddlovato @mileycyrus and @Jonasbrothers on her refrigerator... too bad 
My nemisis is back, Mom's niece E, and once again she comes in loaded with Nordie's bags. Thought I was the princess!! 
Feeling like I should have stayed at home with Mommy 
@Britt_Kims_Mom Oh no, not a headache. You get those so often you poor thing  I've been having stomach issues hence me up and the pills.
Mommy im sick  i need you tho
Mom I Miss You! 
My Mommy still doesn't feel well 
Mom just emptied and rinsed The Bucket, then peed with the door open so she could talk to me 
@llcooljew Mom has no room to have an opinion about what's on your body. She chose to opt out. Sorry for your loss. 
Rolled in fantastic smelling cat poop yesterday! Mom didn't like the smell, so I was scrubbed within an inch of my life with shampoo! 
@Miiaax3 Oh yeah I remember about it. It was Marion's Mom. I bet it was hard for her today  that's terribly sad
I hate leaving my Mom in Bakersfield! I've talked to her till I'm blue in the face...she is too sick...too often! 
Mommy jus told me to kill myself  how rude!
Mommy went home  ugh and left my brothers here.
almost done with the new Geek Dads episode... been a busy week, have had to do it a little at a time over two days 
I miss my sissy. And my Mom. And Ginger. I think imma cry, 
Mom should call me instead of just showing up randomly. I wasn't even home! She had Dash with her too!! 
She kept saying to me, &quot;Mommy, we were so happy when he won! It's not fair!&quot; And to a 9 yr old girl, it's not fair. 
PLease pray for little Lauren. 3yrs old diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. Mom just had miscarriage as well. Lift daddy up as well.    
My Mom and Jake just left for the airport and I am...AWAKE.  FML.
Mom's OK now-wasn't even admitted to the hospital-just very unhappy about her instrument, which was worth over $10000 &amp; no, not insured. 
@some1s_sista man I'm with you on that one. I've been really sick all weekend and there is no rest for us Moms. 
dropped T off at day camp this morning.  All were excited to have him back, as was he... and he forgot to say goodbye to Mommy.  
@Amanda_mb not doing any today cause Mom's at regular work, so I'm meant to be doing essays and stuff lol, not fun 
@MJthedog It's been good, thanks!  Mommy left for work, so now the house is boring.  Only the kids are here  bol. How has yours been?
Daisy-boo is napping while Mom (Not Thelma) runs over to the evil empire (walmart) for some essentials.  She took phone w/her so no pic 
@Sockington Rescued kitten http://twitpic.com/7hc4l needs prayers from Socks Army! Mom @k5at30 says it's not looking good. 
Mom's aunt is coming from Armenia so I have to go to my uncle's house. Ugh this is the worst timing ever. I have to study!!!!!! 
&quot;Mom? Dad? Can we get on with it, I have hard drives to fix.&quot; I always laugh, but none of my newb viewers do  #chuckmemondays #chuck
I'm at my Mom's to visit her and she is busy watching The Bachelorette!?!  I guess I'll visit her during the commercials. 
Just bid Mom and Gary farewell; they're off to their hotel room, and heading back to TX tomorrow. Wish I had more time with my Mom. 
Report from Mom: Mall of America is actually not that exciting 
Need to start calling ahead &amp; checking business hours! Mom's Burgers closed 
And she and her coworkers from the clinic have to keep it alive, she (the kitten) won't nurse from her Mommy. 
@RobinTaylorRoth LoL hi Robin I'm ok buy I think i'm coming down with something  heading to bed...btw how is Mom and how did the move go?
Mom's having another UTI. :|  @kimberlyedano I hope you're ok. 
Chico still has diarrhea. He's been on a chicken and rice diet but it's not making it better. Mom's taking him to the vet this afternoon. 
Mom woke me up@ 927 2walk the dog &amp;2 take away my debit card. Ugh please. Babes comes 2nt but he's prob mad bcuz I over reacted last nt 
Mommy you're not playing with me.  http://yfrog.com/79v4oj
Mom just left for Thailand again  hanging out with my bro in SF
Mommy bought a new phone  so jealous lor... - http://tweet.sg
Moving out on the 30th.  My Mom is crazy and already driving me nuts. Help.
Mom won't share her Krystal with me 
@Mom2Munch ohhhh, well I went to their website, and according to it I am fat enough, lol 
Up wayyyy to early for my day off!!!!!  Moms hair... then back to sleep i think for a bit! What to do today? What to do....?
@HappyHousewife  which sadly means it makes for a hard day for Mommy too. 
\I am for sure going to my dads tonight. Moms going nuts on me and my brother. 
http://twitpic.com/7ktj2 - Matt just pulled a dead squirrel out of my Mom's pool.  It looked peaceful. 
Shopping was funn. Tomorrow will be even better. Daddy is sick  But Mom is goooooood! I hope it's warm out tomorrow.
Is missing Reece and Mom! 
Home from TOPS. Watching the CMT Music awards...first time watching without Mom. 
Mom:he has the biggest head ever! Dess:mom stop being mean! Mom:im not! Im just so sad for his head 
Gnite. Mom's in the PR. But its not the happy kind of vaction she wouldve like to take 
I really want some PT Loren or Bloodpit. But I cannot wear earphones.  Not while Mom is awake anyway!
@Mommy_Angel_One ... lol ... I know 
@Mommy_Angel_One that sounds neat. Thanks for thinking of me. I'm kinda tight on money &amp; don't know that I could afford the plane ticket. 
Going to study German. Half asleep  Mom is going to try to drive my car
Scariest words ever, &quot;Mommy, I cant breathe.&quot; 
Mommy is trying to reschedule my date with the doc, my rash is now also on my chest 
@Sengupta @pappe_it_is Mom said no. 
@Complex_Mom Oh yuck!  I did that in KC for 3 years....ts worse in the city don't you think?  All the other cars and the asphalt... sorry 
@ShelLovesCheese My boys did it, I was laying on the floor and they decided they would walk and jump on Mom they felt bad they hurt Mommy 
My Mommy said I lost weigh. I mean when you eat one meal a day 'cause your broke-- it's bound to happen 
at work; missing my Mom, Diana and @cupcakee89; feel like I have not seen them in years 
Waiting for Mommy to go into surgery. 
Just currently turned down a free meal to Olive Garden with my Mom and Brother...I'm just not in the mood 
Big Iranian rally at Barranca and Jamboree  in OC. Mom didn't slow down enough for me to take pic 
What a song right? dirtttyyy. WELL! Mom's off too work. home alone for me 
Oh my gosh, there is a Mom Entrepreneur of the Year award! Only in Canada though  http://www.momentrepreneuraward.ca/default.aspx
well, meh. Mom can't help me do the quilting part of it for another week  Oh well. I have until August really, anyway.
Tonight I go to Greenville with Mom - without @griboflavin!  (He'll be joining us tomorrow though)
Mommy leaves for Nicaragua today. . . .without me. 
@Mom2chunkymonky I've drafted a few CL ads for my own kiddo.. nobody seems to want the wild ones 
This day has got to get better. Damage of $259 for Trace going through a chain length fence with a motorcycle did not make Mom happy 
@brennasaurus  Lame! Mom said she has to work all say on Saturday. :'(
Mom's not ready.  I'm ready to DRIVE! lol. And my neck hurts. #peterfacinelli Follow him! @peterfacinelli
Back from errands and Mom's. Whew what a long day.   Now to get some work done at the office. *sigh*
Mommy just called; they're about to take off. I should be with them. 
Mommy, can you bring me home a pastrami sandwich? I'm hungry. 
@TheRaeRae  Dads are sometimes so dumb.
@dlozupone No clue, my Mom never would buy them  #RRR
@PandaCatBaby Oh no   I didn't see the tweet about your Mom, I hope she's ok!
My sweet little baby has two more teeth coming in and wants nothing but Mommy!      I Iove the hugs but hate the thought of her in pain 
@khushi4all Mommy me hungy  and tired
&lt;3s the boy but wishes she'd slept later than when he went to work. can't wake up...  at least it'll be NOT raining today. Mommy's coming!
I'm so sad  *Depressed* Mom had a seizure :[[
Just got home, so tired. Mommy i don't want to pack 
@Mom2Amara I love me some duct tape fest...unfortunately, I'll be HERE all weekend 
@Mom_01 we're going to be out of town all week . . .  won't be back until next Sat night  Next time for sure though!
Mom said no to warped  I'm literally crying right now. This really sucks.. I ended summer school today, but found out I can't go to Warped
Mom just called - she's in the ER.  Good thoughts needed, please... why can't she ever have a procedure and NOT have complications after? 
My Dad is leaving for Arizona at 3:00am and my Mom gets back from Florida on Tuesday at 10:30pm 
@typsie: That doesn't mean &quot;leave to go to Portland&quot; since that's still way out of our budgets. That just means &quot;get out of Mom's house&quot;. 
Hung out at Mom's spot today... It was 6 years ago on this date that she passed.  #fb
At Moms birthday dinner 
@shalomcharlie Hiya, not so bad except my Mom isn't very well, I saw her yesterday, she looked really ill 
i miss the Mommy... 
Where's my Mom?!?! D: They haven't been back from the gym. Me is feeling lonely. 
Mommy is taking way too long to pick a fabric! Aduh mama,aku laper niiih!!  http://mypict.me/4C4N
Drunk and depressed. Kevie I miss you baby...I wonder if youre still alive. I like to think that you are. Mommy loves you always. 
I am bored.  Mom has been sick  Tomorrow she will probably feel better and we will go for a ride if it is not gross outside!
Just kissed Emma a million times while saying bye to her b4 my Mom took her to a shower.Now I am going to spend a few hours missing her. 
@Isabella091108 On no thats too bad! At least you're going to the salon - how often do you go? Mom pulled hairs out my ears last night 
Mom got fed up with Fastelco so she ordered me to get the Zain router. But all branches are closed and they ran out at the airport branch 
Ate lunch. Mom said I have to wait a little to get my guinea pig 
@krclaypool  Sorry to hear that.  I'll invite you to check out Mom Webs of course ;)  http://www.momwebs.com
@LisaNY43 Mommy I wish I was there for you 
@BrowneyedPea We r 2 hours from Seattle,  Mom &amp; Dad are in Spokane 3 hours the other direction, good choices there 2 but we r not going 
@Jairebiz Moms had a mtg back in the valley! 
@LauraRose94 I know that feeling. Dads are just to hard to buy for  lol
After a 6 month hiatus I'm back to sporting diamond studs. Moms making me play tennis with her friends 
Mom can be a huge pain sometimes, idk if it's the generation barrier, or if it's her proud and perfectionist style. Karma will get at her 
Mom just got home. Party's now over. 
Cleaning bathroom. Mother is making homemade pizza. But got the wrong pepperoni's! Turkey! Eww. 
Mommy has to leave for work @ 6.  Sucks.
Waiting for Michele to finish shopping in the garden center is reminicient of waiting for Mom to finish shopping in the fabric store 
@Scorch_Mom ah yes, my whole body aches from camping  We bought good air matresses, but the cold still seeped through to my bones. ouch.
@sassy_baskets Shoot...I missed it   Actually, my parents are from there. And Mom, Stepdad, and Sister currently live there.
@mjross, she wasn't crestfallen, but she was disappointed.  I told Mom about the Angus/moving water pic and Twitpic went down for a bit 
want'd to try to spend time with the mister tonight...but thas out!  for the last time today, happy bDay Mom! nighty-Night Tweets! zzZzZzZ
@gillianvirginia Your Mom!? Oh she's the reason!!! Gotcha. Yay your Mom... 
Mom left to China for two weeks.  I hope you are safe mommy !
Lickin' me wound... Healing myself cause nobody love us more than ourselves. Painful truth. Mom, I just wanna cry n sleep on ur lap 
Mommy, don't be angry with me please  its unexpectedly
Mom and Dad, they were yelling each other in front of me ! Please stop that !!! 
Mommy leaves soon 
No chance of a champion being crowned by Dads day http://tinyurl.com/kqdxla I was hoping to watch some golf today. 
@red0324 Yay! Baking what? I am not allowed to bake here because my Mom says nobody in this house needs baked goods. No cupcakes for me. 
@Leslie_Mills Luv ur tweets. They cheer me up at this difficult time. Mom's not doing well. Don't know what nxt few wks/mths will bring. 
At the hospital with Mommy...outpatient today...praying all goes well! 2nd time 
Mommy tricked us in our cage then slammed the door &amp; left. 
Ugh! Mommy has a potty mouth   I need to chilax and enjoy the silliness. When did I stop being fun?
@mhryvnak Mom says thanks for posting the website, we're looking at it now, their apartment flooded in W Nanticoke, she got a lil teary 
(((sniffle))) I think I have a cold  Mommy keeps putting that thing up my nose that sucks the boogies out! Yucky!!!
spending the afternoon with my Mom in th ER 
My babysitter just called to say my kiddo got scratched by another kiddo. She's fine, but Mommy feels terrible and needs to go hug her. 
Mom's getting up  Rub for your lives...Haha jk
Mom's getting up  Run for your lives...Haha jk
I'm going to miss kitty and my other animals! But it's only for 4 days. I know that they miss me too!  Mommy is coming back soon!
@vanessaparlo Oh! I know those pictures, they were promo's, because she was gonna be in one of their movies, but her Mom said no. 
Freak dangit. Mom went to bed so she can't cover me to finish the oneshot. It'll have to wait until tomorrow. 
@Mommy2Junior I know  I dunno what to do
@CelloSubmarine I always want my Mommy when I'm sick too  Moms know best!
Mommy really misses my sister and brother  She is sad she can't be there to give them their good morning kisses.
Hmm, Mom said I shouldn't. 
Mom coming to the house... Uhhhh ohhhh cleaning pronto! 
Gina is taking me to our meeting. Mom had to work 
Off to hillbilly days with Eric, Mom and my aunt!  Be back later!
Ready for a morning of shopping with my Mom!  She should be here soon 
Hoping to be productive today, but S is working this afternoon ... Mommy &amp; P time 
Hey Mom! I'm on the Internet! Love you!  &lt;3
@sassycat24 My Mommy is here!!!!! 
@HoytO I called my Mommy.  
@TJs_Mom http://www.mousesavers.com/free.html ~might be helpful! 
@CrozFromOz I don't know what relaxtion is. Basically been a Single Mom, the last 7 years, They have been hard. I'll manage though. 
@Homeschool_Mom Hello! And thanks! Isn't SBI wonderful? I wish I had invested in it 10 years ago. Or was it even around then? 
Watching &quot;A walk to Remember&quot; w/ my only family.. Mom and grtandma 
@toritos You have a good taste in alcohol, my Mom loves Martinis  Good night.
is at home!! Aaah...nothing like home and Mom's cooking 
CHURCH expecting great things. Wow God is good. Then Disneyland with my Mom. Its her birthday today 
awww my poor baby girl was so hot when I got home. Pointed a fan to her and now she's sleeping comfortably  Mommy is the best!
@david1072006 morning dad! how r u? 2day is OAT tests + i am NOT happy at all. I hate tests. Blech! Mom says no pics on here, tho! srry 
@Bianca150378 Dad is great! Enjoying being semi-retired, Mom is doing well and yes... Alexa is having fun as always 
@abbydodge what link? and happy birthday!  Always say that to the Moms on the kids b'day... as important a day for you as them 
packed up &amp; chillin' with my family before we leave to go back home!  Briana and I coming home...Mom is stayin' in Kona.
@Miss_Mommy   go have dinner at P.F. Changs.  Get Dessert ;).                            and then go watch a movie. Works for us 
sitting in nelson at Dads house  he's just had his first operation at 72 !!
Headed to Orlando for the week for some much needed family/home/Mom time 
@Homeschool_Mom I certainly will... will try to have it up for you by end of the day 
Mom and dad have left fr Delhi... fr a week 
Feel happy today. Dad is doing OK, had a good old natter, &amp; Mom finally has a hearing aid &amp; she can hear (has been half deaf forever!!!) 
Daughter is forcing me to watch Over the Hedge and play the Dora Memory game....but she said &quot;I love you Mom&quot; so it's OK! 
Heading to parents place for the afternoon. Helping Mom go through Nana's stuff. She arrives here next month. Having dinner there too  l8r
@DonnieWahlberg  No probs Donnie as long as you sang a quickie Cover Girl for my Mom 
My Momma was is in The Globe today!!  Pullout section - A Salute to Nurses.  She's my hero!!  will link when online 
Playing on the computer while my Mom entertains Mason. Gotta love Nana! Thanks for the break Mom 
sitting at Grandma's house. Watching Mom cook breakfast 
Taking Mom 2 see Ghost of GF past.  Should B a hoot.  
@corrinrenee I am sure your non breastfed baby will be smart irregardless   I didn't get an MBA and my Mom breastfed me 
@itsmechickie It's about time, Mom. Your last update spoke of snow. 
@BigMikeInAustin LOL...no way man...just been wearing my Mom hat...requires a great deal of time ;-). Believe me, I missed U all!!! 
@Octo__Mom Glad to see your post.  Sounds like you're doing great! 
@Debbas My Mom is a nurse practitioner&amp;spent entire life devoted to the field.  The good ones deserve to be recognized! I'll follow her 
If this rain doesnt go away, I'm staying in bed all week til Mommy gets here 
Feeling loved!  My Mom got me a Nikon Cool Pix for my birthday!!!!  
Mom, happy mother's day  love you. Thanks for everything. I'm sorry for being such a spoilt brat all the whiles. You are my HERO!
Mother's day has already began! Congratulations Mom! Love u and u know it 
I want to wish all the Mommy's a happy mothers day! 
@Miss604  okay for your Mom and My Mom too! 
@Den_Mom Maybe people would start looking for us... like &quot;where's Waldo&quot; but &quot;where's the CKC&quot;?  
Heart To Heart Mom To Mom Open Talk Mom  http://bit.ly/kn3Mp
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my Mom, and every Mom everywhere.  Off for a stroll at the Beaches later--hopefully...
@celikins Yup, us too. Spending time with Mom, Sis and Aunt  Have A great Mothers Day!
We got JoJo in for free and free drinks for Mom! My kind of night 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there I happen to have the greatest Mom in the world  I love my Mom she's my best friend 
So treat your Mom's like Queen's cuz they are 
@calypsominerals haha well, kinda! I'm Mommy to my lil' pom-chi  hehe  thank you! ;)
Franco made breakfast for Mom. Here he's trying to cut the strawberries (only safe knife  #fb http://twitpic.com/4wsmw
Mom ur the greatest.. HMD 
To all the Mommy's out there, have a wonderful day 
Don't forget. You gotta call Mom! 
Mom picked Cracker Barrel for breakfast. Two hour wait and 4000 calories. I love you Mom! 
Getting ready for church now. Spent the first bit of my day on mom and dads bed talking. Mom loved her gift 
Mom you are the best! .... Classic... I want to talk to my mom  NOW
Waiting for Momma to wake up.   Gotta grab the little one in the next few hours.  Thinking of Taking Mom to Frisches or Cheesecake Fac 
Mom left. But i'm happyyy i got to spend the weekend with her! Catching up on much needed r&amp;r 
Happy Mom's Day to all my Twitter Mom friends. Hope you have a great day 
Today's the last day of Hot Docs in Toronto, why not take Mom to a movie?  www.hotdocs.ca
Wishing all the Moms out there a wonderful Mother's Day! I'm off to go spend time with my amazing Mom 
Time to spend time with Mom and the rest of the mom's in my family. Mani and Pedi's this morning, family picnic tonight. 
@ChosenOnePR LOL! Remember, you only get ONE Mom 
Going to spend the day with Moms! 
Going to Mom's Luch!!! 
..Hanging out with Mom and Grammy 
; Happy Mothers' Day, Mom, S.Mom, Nan, and Gramma's-r.i.p, we miss you?? also Jo-anne bestie's momsy 
Happy Mom's Day 2 my Mommy friends! Im spending the day w/ my mom shopping,eating, &amp; just being girls. 
@DonnieWahlberg Don't forget to call your Mom today 
Hey Guys I hope everyone had a good motherday, I had a awesome Day with my Mom. i love you Mommy 
Good Morning  Fed the dogs, let them out, made Mom toast &amp; now sitting having a cup of coffee. Mom slept very well. Moving about slowly.
@Britt_Kims_Mom  have a good lie down
Ahhhhhh...Mom is coming early and I'm not ready. Shower time! Rush rush rush, sshhhh don't tell her! 
@harriet75 I just pulled out the wipes and said nicely that if they are going to play they need to clean hands. Moms said ok, no prob 
Moms give the best advice 
@P_Finley awe thanks Mom!  
Leaving Mom's after another good round of Train. 2nd time under 200 score! 
This lens I'm working on for Rocket Moms had better do well!  There is a LOT of work going into it!  
Mommy &amp; daddy are proud of me, I slept this night very good... I even wake up later than usually for my bottles 
Harley and I are both rescue bullies. Mom loved me so much, she just had to have another. Kinda like Lays potato chips 
@the__fragile oh ok. I'm still betting on girl.  how's Mom doing? Do they give the time of birth?
headed to Lawton with Mom! 
@readergirl Thanks! I have that &quot;worry gene&quot; all Moms do I guess. 
http://bit.ly/6Ft0f I love the Shag! heres a video of me and dad at a wedding. Mom's got great recording skills...haha 
@thelipprint have positive thoughts girl.... Mom needs those... She will be just fine I'm sure. Smile 
Awake in the single digits! Buying a textbook, and then heading back up to Mom's for the week. Concert, movie, salsa night. And SIX days! 
Playing with little baby Camnryn and her Mommy 
little flying studying. Just my 1st day but its tough getting back into it, remembered why I took a break  I love U, Sweet Gong B, Mom XOX
@Twisuz In any case let me know how they are...as what better critic is there than a fellow Twi-Mom 
Oooh.. Mom has a saree same as The President is wearing 
My dog is a &quot;Party Animal&quot; on Martha Stewart website.  Thanks, Mom!   http://tinyurl.com/op7fc5
In Boston for the day with Mom and Sarah to visit the bro 
@tinkermom LOL Tink, I may just turn up then... Mom's garden isn't huge, and I just have a container garden on the balcony  
Mom likes the two new PVs.  She's watching Crazy Moon atm.
@nicolerichie U get all ur outer beauty from ur Mom. Gorgeous mother of urs.   Killer eyez too!
&quot;I'm finally gonna get my Mother out of my head this year -- you'll see..&quot; Howard Stern (concerning his decades of therapy  Motherhood 
Saw news/ photos of sea lions using the public bathroom in Monterey! Watching last Leno now, can't wait 4 Conan  I love you Sweetie, Mom X
