Most common words for this cluster:
[('mom', 271), ('today', 29), ('day', 22), ('quot', 20), ('dad', 19), ('amp', 18), ('home', 14), ('tomorrow', 13), ('house', 10), ('lol', 10), ('hospital', 8), ('phone', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Mom', 0.9998133182525635), (u'mom', 0.7992955446243286), (u'Dad', 0.7757441401481628), (u'Grandma', 0.7005301713943481), (u'Mommy', 0.6917756795883179), (u'grandma', 0.6761060357093811), (u'mommy', 0.6633533835411072), (u'Moms', 0.6562460660934448), (u'DEAR_JUDIE', 0.6454585194587708), (u'Daddy', 0.6440785527229309)]





@deepbluesealove My Mom &amp; Dad both get up around 6...too early for me 
Just got up i have to watch my lil' bro's ... Mom is at work 
is very sad because she can't be with her Mom during this sad time 
okay okay, I shall go to sleeo nowwww  Mom, could you please stop nagging me???
@karalianne Not this kind I don't  Mom put my muzzle on and everything.
Mom and I went for a walk today....and I forgot how to walk nicely!! I freaked out and got scared so we had to turn around and come home. 
@gunnerboy248 I chased a teenager who was SCARED of me! It was fun! Mom made me come in the house.  Now I have to wear a leash outside 
After my race this morning, my Mom told me I eat too much. Is it time to go home yet?! 
@Rsltruly When I asked my Mom she started yelling at me  And I'm not even doing anything today, it's fucking gay.
@BabyPatches It was much cooler there, but I missed Mom lots. I worry Grandma is going to take me home when she visits! 
Off to my mom's place to help my sister go through Mom's stuff  still, it will be good to hang out with sibs.
At the hospital. Mom was brought in... 
Shopping with the girls was not fun.  When did going out with Mom become so uncool.  
is making preparations for the week to come...heading back to work after a long hiatus...will miss being a stay at home Mom 
Mom and dads car got towed 
@APerchedDove Mom doesn't allow dead guys in her house now 
@dannykurily http://twitpic.com/4fn3y - I wish I was there.  Mom wouldn't buy me tickets.
@SydneyStarship I never have energy, like ever. I'm a pretty calm person most of the time. Mom doesn't let me buy energy drinks. 
- headache. Mom, i need u.. 
Mom's are supposed to be invincible. They aren't supposed to get sick. 
@ItsNeet I know how  but Mom's connection is so bad.
Mom is acting crazy again 
@sarahlknapp  i am having some Mothers day issues.I really miss my Mom and i want to see her 
My Mom is far away  BUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I miss my Mom.    
lol. Dad &amp; Mom dragged me out of the house to go for some friend's party &amp; now I'm scared that I cannot finish my geog revision on time. 
I thought I would be able to handle my Mom living on the other side of the country, but all i want to do is give her a hug  #mothersday
Wishing I could be with my Mom today... 
Driving Mom all over town today. But she keeps finding her way back 
@DsBabyGirl I was. Not any more  my. Mom is gonna have a prescription called in for me when we get to miami
Mom cancelled game night. 
Mom and Dad are going to our human brother's graduation this morning. So it looks like no  http://www.bustercube.com fun today.So unfair. 
off to work again.... home at 5. Mom is leaving for E-town today  gunna miss her :'(
I wish I were at home at the moment. I need my Mom... 
Mom and dad left  hopefully I'll find a job and I'll be able to visit the burgh soon
Just took my Mom to airport...I miss her too much already..  
Mom is in the crystal palace tonight 
It's my Mom's birthday today yet she isn't feeling well 
My son has stomach virus  guess I'm pulling an all nighter tonight .  Mom might have it too - lets hope not!
@Suksy hehe! i miss on tweatups because i am busy shopping with Mom! i am not sure when this ordeal would end! 
Mom asking if I'm feeling better after dargah visit. Dad swears he sees +ve &quot;change&quot;.  I am amused.   But yeah, still depressed 
Mom has left... again 
@Freebies4Mom will they have your video available online?  I have been gone all morning and missed it   after waiting so long 4 it
man, its weird, Mom's cooking is giving me so much nutrition but also so much unladylike gas 
Mom just &quot;he'd&quot; me. *sigh* She's wonderful, and it was just a slip, but you'd think after coming with for my surgery it might go away... 
Shopping at sam's club in baton rouge. Mom brought step-dad to charity hospital so i cant go home yet  i had plans....
I kinda don't want this week to end.  But I'm excited about Mom and Dad coming home, moving, and stuff happening next week.
No turkey today   Mom said tomorrow night. She'd better not forget!
@MBGsam We had local shelter pick him up - was afraid he'd get in the road. They give Mom 5 days to come, then up for adoption. No chip. 
Mom just went to the hospital  really hope her ankle is ok
Mom got into an accident last night  babysitting the brothers for the weekend..
Wow. A past thought greeted me with such intensity that I cried. I truly miss my Mom today 
@hawaiimane: me 2 but my Mom's old school n says he's gay 
Mom said she's gonna take my phone away and my life away cuz I won't focus on this algebra!  lol
So, Mom, I really appreciate it when you clean my room, but then I have to reorganize everything. Not good. 
http://twitpic.com/6a2j4 - Mom lost her phone....the dogs found it...poor voyager  LoL its kinda funny!
My @redmango is melting in traffic  trying to bring it to my Mom
Trying to talk dad into going to A&amp;W rootbeer stand to eat. Mom told me try and talk him into it. But I don't think it's workin. 
@Mom_20 oh yeah, that too! i love fun jewelry but more than that I hate to hurt him  so sad.
Congratulations Mom! &quot;A son is a son till he takes a wife, a daughter is a daughter for the rest of your life!&quot; Lots of fun ahead! 
Just said goodbye to my Mom-she's moving about 5000 miles away 
@jennymurder I hope your Mom is okay! I'm so sorry bb! 
@Mom3CuteBoys I see it there now - I have no idea why it was not cooperating  I am following you now, maybe that will help? #CGFT
@Mom3CuteBoys I have no control over the technology  If it helps you feel any better, several ppl said they posted the answer #CGFT
Mom feeling too sick to go out. 
Oh that's right.  Mom's off work today.   The phone will ring soon.  Lovely.
Mom is taking my phone and cp away cuz i wasnt listening to her all weekend, but its because i havent slept in 5 days 
Such a beautiful day! It has been awesome seeing Mom this weekend. I hate to see her leave tomorrow. 
Mom put me in an even worse mood. 
If my Mom loved me she would get me sims 3 tomorrow at midnight...she said no 
My youngest son wants me to read him a book about snakes.  I hate snakes   It may be Mom's night to read 
Mom has to stop him! He is 12 and gets weird &amp; jealous of me- and mom leaving for work soon-if I stay still he may forget about me 
Mom do i really hafta leave? Aw come'on 
Mom just tried to cosign for a loan for me for school. I need an additional 16k in order to do it.  We were denied. I think I'm gonna cry.
Currently being a mean &quot;Mom&quot; to my dog. She wants to play w/her best friend whose outside, but she's only out to do her business.  
I had to give my dog back to my Mom because he missed her  but I'm getting a purebred golden retriever puppy!
Mom just picked me up from class... Now I am stuck listening to bad country music. &quot;We're from the country, lawdy, &amp; we like it that way&quot; 
Mom forgot to finish the laundry and now i have no sheets on my bed 
Mom needs my phone today so i can't take it to school!  That means no tweeting till i get home..in  9 and a half hours... Wtf! ;-(
(@HRHSophie_D) is shut up in the apartment while Mom and Dad are both at work.  
x @rondean sorry but its letter size  I hope this hasnt ruined your day lol. They had a good deal on a pc so Mom gets a late b-day present
@tikichris I agree we saw the breeders and were like... awwww :/ that Mom did not seem happy 
Mom &amp; Dad are on a smoothie-only diet this week. 3 days and no solid food to beg for?  This is sucky.  
Going out with Mom &amp; E to get a birthday present for my dad &amp; a card for my friend. 
@liverpool_tx http://twitpic.com/6imfj - &quot;Mom, don't leave! I know what this suitcase means  &quot;
I miss Mom's food.... 
Mom! take me to a spa for oil massage!! im tryin to run away from doc apointment  going to nap!! i love my angel sammy poo
@wrater I'm sorry about your Mom... I hope she's ok 
My Mom is having surgery again today 
Should you feel ok being broke if all of your bills are paid? Mom says I should but I don't. 
Mom has a migraine  poor thing i gotta go to work
Mom that bed set from pier one that i want is for 100. I want it 
@fatimadoyen Mom I miss you! 
@FritoMarie I wish I got to go to work with my Mom. 
@WAHMoms Yes, but when the kid is not napping I am working on my Mom job. 
@tommygirl78 My Aunt had breast cancer, so this is freaking me out.  And my Mom acts like she's not, but I can see that she is. 
@Mom_14 aw  I call first holding her tomorrow cause I finally am not infected with anything!
Mom isn't drinking, and I drank the last of the &quot;apple juice&quot; 
Mom leaves tomorrow 
@nancyychen you ok? Mom says u aren't  give me a call if u need to
Mom's eating chocolate fondue.. I'm looking away from the choc 
Mom just got back from her lasik surgery and is in a lot of pain 
Why is it so embarrassing for teen boys to be seen with Mom? 
@Mom_10 I hope he feels better soon!  I hate it when they get fevers. 
@Brennas_Mom so did 2 people look at your house yesterday? i was thinking about you..i know yall will have fun tonight wish we were going 
 ... Mom goes home tomorrow, and I don't want her to go
Cleaning the house. Mom's on a rampage this mornin lol. I already miss everyone  we need to hang guys!!
My Mom seems to have an aversion to my happiness while at home. 
Hey @hawkcam  I hope Mom &amp; Dad don't miss her too much!    (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
back from helping Mom and Dad pack for their trip to move tomorrow.  as old as i am, i don't want my mommy to leave me &lt;sigh?
@princesselai I miss you too   But I'm glad you aren't here because Mom's being annoying.  What time is it over there?  Haha.
Just left the hospital.  Mom had a seizure this morning.... 
@JavaTheCat ....I already would have if my Mom's camera hadn't broke and now she can't take a picture of me. 
hopes that Mom would feel better.  http://plurk.com/p/z071z
My Mom's jump out of the plane got rescheduled, stupid rain 
Mom had insomnia last night again. Now she has nausea (from lack of sleep, I guess) and doesnt want to eat anything. 
Mom threw her back out today...    Now we all feel bad for messing with the computer
Mom broke her elbow  awaiting surgery update now.
@Mom_10 definately praying hard for your li'l guy.  Babies + hospitals = no fun. 
@amypalko Mom is doing good, but the baby cries a lot (a lot!) and we're already investigating possible food allergies 
OhOh! I think something's up at my house....Mom is acting sneaky again and pulling out big bags.....She'd better not be leavin' me again! 
my heart broke today when my son wanted me to stay home and said, &quot;Mom, why can't you work here?&quot; 
Mom woke me up around 6  apparently she put dad's sweat pants in my laundry basket
Mom is in town for one more day 
Mom took eddie to the vet. Hopefully she comes back with him.  
Mom's in the hospital with possible gull stone...  [filling out applications for apartments with Brian....!)
@livelikemusic So it seems I might not be allowed to go on the roadtrip, unless I magically change my Mom's opinion.  
 Mom's leaving
Mom and Dad almost gone. Just have to take them to the airport at 10. 
Mom told me to find my own dinner. But she told my sis to cook for me. Now im forcing myself to eat. 
Mom's in the hospital. she's in surgery right now  getting ready to go see her in an hour.
@paisleybaby I'm just whining, just got off the phone with my wonderful loving and well meaning Mom, she irritated me, i feel bad  
The tile is done and it turned out great! Mom and Dad leave tomorrow morning back to Springfield. 
Mom's making cupcakes because her favorite cupcake shop closes early!! 
Mom's probably talked to me twice since i got home 
Mom &amp; I are about to go grocery shopping &amp; do a bit of cleaning at the church lol. Hopefully we won't get home horrifyingly late 
Mom refuses to see any plays I work on this summer or design next year... She's retired and it's free. I feel so much support for my art. 
No lunch today  Mom didn't pick up the goddamn phone! rest of the day is gonna be a living hell 
Mom has a big white dress she won't let me near. She put it in a suitcase with fancy shoes. What does this mean? She only wears sneakers! 
@chiniehdiaz Haha! I wish. Mom already made me libre facial yesterday and I'm making her buy me boxing clothes tom so no can't do. 
@Mom_20  my 3 yr old up at 6:30 also 
Going to doctor for regular 38 week check up. Mom feels defeated and has no hope of progress. I think I hear her crying 
Mom has to drive me today 
Mom says the hay we have has to last until at least next wednesday  There's not much left. I hate diets!
Txtin' friends! Mom and sis r fighting! 
uh oh, think I'm feeling poorly cos I'm getting sick, Mom may have something from the school kids she was teaching today 
Mom says shes got a surprise for me and sergio either in the night or tommorow  i dont like surprises unless i know what they are .
I miss my Mom 
@Freebies4Mom I haven't been able to access it all day 
&quot;your ghetto when&quot; You and ur Mom was pregnant at the same time!! (via @myfabolouslife)my niece amd sister are in the same grade 
Feeling low as Mom is not feeling well.. drains you mentally, if someone says they are suffering &amp; need you close but u not able to visit 
 what am i gonna do?! im so scared.. what if its back..  totally didnt expect that from todays hospital appt.. i love you Mom :'( xo
needs Mom probs to ease up really soon...  http://plurk.com/p/11ws30
Mom made my fave snack today.had stomach full.wonder how i'll manage to eat the chapatis she's making for dinner 
Visiting my Mom Mom in the hospital 
Mom is sick with uti.  hope her pain reduces soon
@Mom_14 aw is it really?! And I'm not even having it now  we should definitely have a make up celebration soon!
is pissed that I drove all the way to my Mom's to get my clothes and shoes for tomorrow, and forgot the shoes 
@NoahReich @AdamReich ....  i wish my Mom would get me drunk. I have to get drunk on my own!
Mom sold the bike for $1700. Why do I have the feeling I am getting none of said money? 
Bad start to the morning. The chickens got attacked and lost 3 of them. Mom is really upset 
I cannot spell. I rely on spell chek-my Mom corrects the spelling errors on my grocery list. She says that it will hold you back in life 
Mom back in hospital as of 6/18/09 11pm 
We might not be going camping  Mom is getting sick...
@mtwinand HOLLAAAAA Mom wont go to the apple store with me to get the new phone 
Mom found a face-pube or a pube-pube in my slice of pizza. Either way, I can't finish it now. 
@Mom_20  hope your little guy is feeling better soon 
@Addys_Mom.....hello how is the new iphone?  im jealous maybe 2010 or 11 for one on verizon 
Mom heading to the hospital. 
Mom goes home today. 
I slept so so good in my own bed! Mom's late. I have no hair dryer. wasting time. what shoes should I wear? I don't have my perfume 
Mom wont let me get haircut today 
Mom wants more tadpoles...so im missing the truck race 
@Mom_17 good advice! Sadly, I have to pump frequently bc I'm back at work for 9 hr days 
Mom burnt the ribs on the grill, goin to store for more-i think my dad is on fb 
Mom, I don't feel so good. 
looked after her mom today. Mom fell off her bike, earlier this week. Now she's black and blue 
Long day...I am getting bored and want to go home.  I whined at Mom until she stopped everything &amp; sat with me.  
Mom took my last couple bucks to gamble with  lol
My mom told me if my left ear doesn't pop before my flight then the pressure will result in deafness in my left ear. Thanks Mom. 
Mom forcing me to eat even though i'm not hungry  i feel sick still
Mom I want to go to ririe's house 
Mom bought ice cream, cake and lots of sweets.. Why now ? She knew i can't eat them. 
Mom's home,. But with no food! 
@MissSweetyD can't would love to but my Mom doesn't want 
Mom is getting crazy again and doesnt realize what she does just keeps pushing us away.. 
Mom&amp;Dad I miss them 
@Mom_02 ... Unlike @Mom_01 neither my taste nor my maturity has improved since I was a teenager (or at least my early 20s)! 
sick  Mom covered babysitting shift for me. Hopefully feeling better tomorrow
100+ fever. Mom keeps saying I'm going to get bronchitis for not listening to her 
addendum to last night's blog about Mom: it was only after sedating her that the nurses got her calmed-down  
Mom's giving my dog away. Now I'm stuch with just one boring one again. :/ at least he doesn't shit all over the house  !
Starving. Mom didn't buy breakfast and the maid's hogging the kitchen. 
Mom scolded me for eating too much and calls me fat 
Mom just came to me w/ another ruined (at least torn) sweater. What the heck is happening to them in the wash?! I love my sweaters 
Mom's not any better, and she slept over 12 hours. Just waiting on my friend to see if she can take us to the hospital. 
is listening to Opick's songs with Mom. Mom, when will Dad be our prayers leader? 
@scrivener Afterwards, spoke with my Mom -- she argued in your defense, ahupua'a and all! 
I'm rearranging my office and bedroom today.  Mom is coming to visit for a few days. 
@henryandfriends Thank u  cool cap by the way  Mom said she will make me &amp; other my friends here a little party tonight too 
@luckyfish I did that yesterday  my Mom has such a calming effect on me.
@adevine1 Your Mom must be a gr8 person  Never met a bad one!
2 loads of laundry in, shoes held at cash, project materials still need to be procured, working on being breezy. I will NOT be THAT Mom! 
Mom and I are celebrating my birthday today. 
@celticlucas lmao so random! Mom bailed on making me lasagna, AGAIN, but at least she didn't pop my exercise ball!! 
yayyy another nephew! Mom and boy are doing fine 
@lislBR Mom's are more important...let the bathroom wait  xx
@bradiewebbstack we shall film an incredible Staceys Mom like film clip and send it to you  then u can give us free hugs and party with us
My teenager just made delicious omelette for breakfast for Mom and siblings! @rjstewart you missed it honey!  I'm a proud Mom 
Ah, a routine spring day. Mom in the garden, dad off to the hardware store, brother with a baseball game at noon. I like it. 
Driving to my Mom's house for the weekend 
I have a 9 years old math loving son who is saying: Mom if everything is an mathematical combination, then you are a hologram  he he he
Mom and Dad won't be back until tomorrow 
Mom and Dad got home. 
is about to go duster shoppping in greenhills with my Mom for Balikbayans 
is looking forward to spending time with Mom today 
At dinner with an amazing person i like to call Mom 
Mom's day dinner was awesome -  can't beat a taco loco - good times 
my Mom rocks. 
Signing off. Mom's day tomorrow.     
Mom is wearing shrug I bought her 2morrow...I can't wait 2 c her n it..cute 
be sure to tell your Mom you love her and thank her for putting up with you! 
don't forget to call (your) Mom tomorrow 
is looking forward to tonight's dinner date with Mom; is gymming this afternoon; started &quot;bawas kanin&quot; (less rice) movement; is celibate. 
Hitting the sack now, fellow Twitterheads...so, where are you treating your Mom today? 
Mom's italian spaghetti for dinner (i'm hungreh, shit) happy mother's day 
Its finally my actual birthday, yay! Going 2 Mom's 2 celebrate our day 2gether. 
Turning in the paper and spending the day with my Mom! 
I hope all Mom's had a happy day today! 
Working all day but loves his Mom for sure 
@LiannaKnight: That's fine...how late? Who is the problem? Mom &amp; her dogs? 
Be special for the most special person ...the Mom 
Mom's day with my mom 
@sswayze aww! thanks! It's good to be a Mom 
Mom gave me a mother's day card  I'm not a Mom yet lol she says it's Mother &amp; daughters day! Lol gotta love my Mom  4 tht 1.
Today is a day to appreciate and love your Mom, Grandma's, Aunt's and second Mom's 
McD's with the kid while Mom naps. I think I'm getting the better end of Mom's day so far. 
Feeling blessed to be the mother of such a wonderful young adult daughter and teen aged son - I'm proud to be their Mom 
My Mom is one of the BEST!!! 
@krystyn13 hang in there, Mom!!! i understand it's tough, but you know you have got to do this. 
here's some in honor of every wondrful Mom loving thier chldren today  ? http://blip.fm/~60ogf
@jeweljk Have a good evening, happy Mom's day. 
@chiniehdiaz Am not a Mom myself, but I did enjoy the festivities 
@arwenelizabeth Wow. I may have just busted out some Mom-level teary eyes. That post is so beautiful. Thanks, sister 
@singledad4kids Thanks!  Just a single Mom of three here thank you for your articles that have come in handing, emotionally.  
@fizzpoptweet I would have to say my Mom is my best resource when it comes to cooking.  Also, my microwave, 3-4 times a week.  #ifbc
@Zachtastic7 Absolutely!  It's part of my Mom job description....You haven't noticed I've been replacing your rootbeer w/ coke, huh?!  
will go to Mom's place laterr. 
Wedding was fun..i looked cute  but my two big toes are killing me but the heels are comfy Mom says its my chucks i will never give em up
Mom is in town for some serious shopping 
ready to go to church everyone looks great... everybody is in a great mood when we go to church!!   kids and Mom love going 2 st. james
And oh, Mom has been informed I will no longer be going to her house when the security is on! 
is taking an afternoon nap. Mom and dad just had lunch 
YAY Mom said I could stay in bed till 7....hopefully I can get back to sleep 
Thanks @keytiisthebomb &amp; @piiyaahn for greeting my Mom. lol. 
@sugarbritchesyo yep, I confess...I'm Mom_O  glad you like it! read www.joshonblogger.blogspot.com for his blog about my pregnancy - funny
@jinnah I always wanted to do ballet but my Mom lied to me and said I was &quot;too short&quot;. So I did Irish dance instead. 
Mom asking if I'm feeling better after dargah visit. Dad swears he sees +ve &quot;change&quot;.  I am amused.   But yeah, still depressed 
Mom's preparation for lunch today after long 6 months ...  ... feeling very hungry already ...
