Most common words for this cluster:
[('moment', 400), ('moments', 24), ('life', 14), ('time', 14), ('lol', 9), ('u', 7), ('sorry', 6), ('com', 6), ('silence', 6), ('thing', 5), ('sad', 5), ('anything', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'moment', 0.9752047657966614), (u'moments', 0.6886144280433655), (u'TBO.com_Live', 0.6154353618621826), (u'thing', 0.5650553703308105), (u'time', 0.5557624697685242), (u'something', 0.5404413938522339), (u'mo_ment', 0.5278604030609131), (u'juncture', 0.5259333848953247), (u'emotional_highjack', 0.5212729573249817), (u'Oh_crikey', 0.520279586315155)]





@BennyGreenberg It's beginning to wind me up now because it always picks the worst possible moments to freeze 
supposed to be working at the moment - pretty bored tho 
@lovinRiRi enjoy it hun! i'm SO jealous at the moment 
@BIGTDAWG not unless you are in the same bed?  i have to go out in shorts in a moment... dreading it. 
god #F1 = boring at the moment 
It only tapes me a moment to take me back to that.. This was that moment 
@rebeldesigner it visible, but i wont be able to tell u properly now as my screen at the moment is not working tht well 
You' he is clearly not into me, but then those unfortetable moment, n all those happiness I got from him, I just can't let go.  n we r an
@Sugarwilla I am so out of shape at this moment. I seriously couldn't run 5 blocks, sad as it may sound 
@boogieman50 i seem to do it once a week at the moment 
everyone's in a bad mood at the moment? 
That's how i feel at this moment. I need my boyfriend 
this very moment is the single worst moment of my week. blow me monday morning. ughhh 
Dealing with slow internet at the moment, I hope it comes back to speed soon 
slightly sad moment 
slightly sad moment  no letter...
That's what I call a rise and shine moment   http://twitpic.com/3pdvt
@jackalopekid my financial well-being depends on it, and at the moment, we're not getting any 
i don't know... i'm just feeling pretty crappy about myself at the moment... 
@KimSherrell ohh i switched for the moment, but i like this photo so much 
Men are rubbish.....romance is letting me down at the moment 
What ever I do I just think the moment again and again and again. 
i am freezing at the moment.. it's probably like 10 degree's or less. 
@erykah_ Too lazy to think of deviant sexual acts at the moment. 
@BankyHype or she could have just realized in that moment that she let go of a good thing and that it might be too late to fix it 
20 miles in... but my gears are busted for the moment 
No #logies for me at the moment. 
@inkromance what are you reading at the moment? my neck currently prevents me from reading 
Oh dear, laptop now has &quot;seizures&quot;... think its dying.... a moment of silence please 
I really don't like o2 network at the moment 
From this moment on... I will love u for as long as I live... 
@titanas not for the moment, yes 
@cathybaron - just try to stay in touch as much as you can, and try to enjoy the place you're in at the moment.  It's really hard, sorry 
 if i didn't have karen + mia at this moment i think i would start crying. maybe i'd start crying anyway.
I'm on my most dramatic moment  Neveeer thought it's possible(
Swifts went down again  moments of brilliance though.
@DianneMcAoh no  could you start your own thing up? loads of that going on around here at the moment!!
@Lilylauren omfg that sounds brilliant... pity I don't have either at the moment 
I hate that the moment everyone leaves, I get really sick... 
Feeling really down on myself at the moment 
is worry and deadbeat this moment. 
@marginatasnaily its made me even more sad as for a moment i got all my hopes up 
Feeling a bit dejected at the moment. 
I am currently so poor that I actually considered ebegging for a moment 
@CapnSkulduggery I think I'll have to pass it up on this occasion... in an un-creative rut at the moment. 
It's raining pretty good here at the moment.  That might kill another trip to the Arboretuem 
@tommcfly i hate deal or no deal at the moment, clowns 
I hope I'm not really ill, given that I don't have health insurance at the moment. 
feeling so unloved at the moment 
@indiebeats something in television production, but the jobs are scarce at the moment... 
@sheabeck ugh - i was outside! and in a moment of extreme clumsiness I def spilled on myself 
@marniejb i cant be bothered at the moment! i cant believe it though. 
my life right at this exact moment can s a d. i need my phone to be working...and to not be as gross feeling as i am 
whoops! kinda sleepy at the moment &amp; obviously pressed the wrong button. 
Going to the shower. I hate Londons weather at the moment 
@zombot I unfortunately have no means at the moment to twitpic 
Holy embarrassing moment batman.  Always check who you are texting to..... 
@j9gem lol i mustve missed out on the moment 
@picklesticks6 youll do great, I spent all night revising and I'm doing revision now but at the moment I think I'll be lucky to get a C 
reallly struggling at the moment 
aren't very interesting to follow at the moment - too miserable 
@tempeste shame it can't be like that here in the uk (it's raining here at the moment) 
@LOOKALOOKOUT yeah i want to get my hands on a few of them but cant at the moment i cant 
I'm very hungry at the moment 
Typing an essay at the last moment 
@PaulKCMF I want to kill the ex at the moment, but I'd get in trouble for it 
@spencerpratt i would call you but i have no phone at the moment  real depressing
@Dayewalker A moment of silence for #sawman . 
doesnt have much to look forward to at the moment. 
Acording to all my friends i'm on my period at the moment 
on teary mode... just called baby syafiq, he cried the moment he heard my voice.. 
@hapeeg It doesn't work with wifi at the moment 
@texafornia non existent at the moment 
Not so happy @ this moment..upset 
Completely and utterly inlove with him . hes my everything at the moment but hes further than it seems. 
@mileycyrus I can't imagine never having a private moment  I'm sorry you have to deal w that.
my tumblr is really blue at the moment but i don't feel like messing with the colors anymore 
@rscheuer sorry, is only in spanish for the moment 
i'm not feeling twitter at the moment 
@orangelight because the one I was having at that moment woke me up. 
tweeting from ally court for the last time.... its a sad sad moment 
damnnn this day came to fast, but i cherished all the moment i had 
@Lieneve ain't got any at the moment, sorry 
@ruthnin An expense I could do without at the moment 
@gregverdino I can't believe you tweeted that. It was our special moment 
A little irked at the moment 
Chilling with some tv quite bored at the moment 
I had a moment of weakness crying about life and my future. I'm okay now, I think. Growing up is hard. 
and ok seriously y do ppl keep blockin me am i doin somethin wrong  i do not feel loved at this moment
I hate life at this very moment. 
A moment of silence for grandpa. 
 i don't know why i'm sad and worried at the moment. i really don't know.
 i don't know why but i'm really sad and worried at the moment.
Swans not doing so well at the moment 
@ddlovato i wish my dreams were coming true at this moment.. but, there now 
Now I'm mad/sad/having a wtf moment. 
@gansargirl sad that the moment i leave the northeast u mike and jasen are there  fml
I need to do something to feel better about myself.  I'm really upset at the moment 
not vibing law at the moment 
Suffering horribly with hayfever at the moment 
Feeling sad at the moment 
-sigh- I wish I had a better complexion at the moment. 
low self esteem moment 
@daprbmchild wats the score? can't watch at the moment. 
is so sad that she didnt spend one more precious moment with her beagle.......  
To see how things stand for me here , no good at the moment I'm afraid 
@missshelbi is saltyyy cause I outed her LMAOOOOOO ...but please everyone take a moment of silence for the muppet commercials..... 
@TexasBrandon I'm flooded with @replies at the moment... 
@viggin I was kinda excited for you for a moment until I realized you were talking about chocolate. 
feels sad n devestated tat one of his beloved hamsters died jus a moment ago.  :'-( (tears) http://plurk.com/p/xcv16
doesn't like life at the moment  so stressful.
@Zatannna I only have one left at the moment , but it is at my sisters house not here 
In a very, I mean veeeerrryyy new environment at the moment... its hard to blend in.. 
I hate facebook for the moment 
I hate twitter at the moment 
@AmiraEzeldin  wish i had been there. And at this very moment really missing you babe!
feeling unappreciated at the moment. 
concerned about a few things at the moment 
@bubblything but i don't have mtv and no live-stream either, so i can't see anything at the moment!  have to jump out of my window!
@Croconaw I thought I was your darkest moment!!! 
That's what mine is doing!!!!!!!!  it is very weird at the moment
Where did @MikeWeatherly go? I checked for @MichaelWeatherly since he said they'd change it soon but at the moment neither of them exist. 
Shit, I've gone over my 1000 update  I didn't have my, 'ZoMg 1000 UPdAteS' moment! 
feeling very dehydrated at the moment 
I am hating Netvibes at the moment. Why are only some feeds getting updated! 
i hate feeling complicated  i just cant be arsed with anything at the moment :\
Not enjoying any kind of food at the moment! 
Truly hating 165.4 miles right at this very moment!!!!!!! 
I miss that moment 
I think 991 is trying to purposely make me cry and turn my wrists into oranges at the moment... I am on the verge of tears right now 
I had a little oops moment and messed up my car 
I feel awesome for one moment and then it's stolen for me... can't even play the piano cause I really hurt my wrists today 
@mariakoreaa Its turned off at the moment. 
i miss those moments when all i ever thought of and did was to pamper myself. now i'm overly stressed with the pressure all around 
My internet is about to taken away any moment now 
At the moment...I'm just sitting around. It doesn't help me 
tweet, i am feeling rather unloved at the moment 
@cjsoutham i'll do my best - think they're all a little out of my price range at the moment... 
@LozRAVERapsey I do need picking up, so down at the moment  the only thing keeping me going is the weather!
has given up on having a good nights sleep at the moment 
uh,internet sucked for a moment 
@brewtopiacoffee I'm so sorry... I had a moment of weakness... 
Having a moment of poetic genius whilst at work is extremely unfortunate 
@sgriggs24 Yes - it just seems a long way off at the moment  
I hate havin insecure moments 
waiting for my final moment......  
@StoneyRoads Oh you got me overly excited for a moment there 
@salandpepper I'm with you. Some of these government ministers are not helping at the moment 
In a teleconference at this moment, boring 
@natashanikita nope..... i called them and they told me that they aren't accepting new members at the moment. 
I'm about to enter that one bad moment. 
@JustinPeer I only have the one at the moment, the others are in for repair 
@useofforceent Can you take a few moments and do that for me? I can't DM 
is sick at the moment, hope will be better soon. 
@gcn1 I've got a pc setup at the moment. can't play hulu cause of my location 
@xDaisyLanex  !!!! ive heard of that before hun. Its ridiculous at the moment isnt it.  
@hobbyzu What are you doing now? I am still working at the moment 
@poptartsandsex i hate you  it could be ready for me at this very moment in time but it will be too late for him to bring it!!
@knayam i was supposed to but then I ditched at the last moment 
this is one of my 'aggravating' moments. 
this is one of my 'aggravateedd' moments. 
late-night run to la garnacha w/ @wegetinsprired &amp; @wowitsclarissee. fatoss moment again..   http://twitpic.com/6qbzw
@MiriamAhern it's lovely here at the moment but not sure it'll last 
in this moment mom i need you... hiks..hiks.. 
is trying to figure out the exact moment my life got soo messed up 
@shannonsgoat sorry I've not been about  stressing at the moment but will chat later ;-) how are you? x x
erasing some pics on my phone....  sad but i ned to ... they'll be useless from this moment on..  i gottah move it off... 
 not happy at all at the moment.. :'(
@angiezmyers i don't think drugged is what it was.. just really drunnnnnk. i'm paying for it at the moment 
@drunkdaze But, for a moment there, I really thought I saw five 
is a little upset at the moment 
Not feeling very happy with myself at the moment. 
Feeling very unmotivated at the moment 
@Lancerman123 i cant at the moment..sorry 
can honestly say i have zero motivation towards studying at the moment.needs a break from sad love songs..espec in her tweets 
Not strong enough at the moment for All faith, no fear, just love. 
@Taylerose i want to but i dont have a printer that works at the moment 
Wish I could afford all the amazing gigs that are on at the moment. 
moment of truth.  what a sad song!
friken hell I hate someone at the moment they really rnt that nice 
@rkb09 ahhh your tweets are making me even more depsressed! lol really wanted to be there at the moment! 
   let's have a moment of silence for our childhood homes... sadly, it can't be replaced and we can never go back
Wish i had't crashed  (wrong moment..)
The one thing i hate about modern technology is that it KEEPS breaking down on you at the wrong moment 
So, at the moment I'm veeeery tired and very upset. 
packing for cali  bittersweet moment
I'm bawling at the moment, stupid titanic gets me everytime  
I'm living in a boring moment 
Heartbreaking moments. Just have to endure it 
@rachaelblogs I feel rather grey inside at the moment too  time to snap out of it.. coffee needed!
You should watch a moment to remember.its so damn sad.I love it  I can't stop crying.
This sucks coinstar is not taking coins @ the moment.. 
@sjespers I better not send a pic with the view over here at the moment 
Having a very strong feeling of time wasted at the moment, &amp; it may feel even stronger very soon... 
@loopsidoops me too.i think we have the same problem at the moment 
sadly and tired...what a bad moment. 
@tognarcow there were definitely some teary moments  
@bubblything thank you so much dear! and sorrfor making myself so scare at the moment 
is boyless at the moment  how sad
E4 best be working and not having a funny moment  90210 SOOON xD
@philaustin - I am runny! I'm not well at the moment 
@stephenwalker78 I wish she was savable - she makes a very good coaster at the moment 
___i hate my life at this moment 
I want to cry at the moment and i cant since i'm at my frinimey's house. this sucks. 
Feeling a bit down and depressed at the moment. 
uh... visits   ... it's not a good moment
can't decide what music i want to listen to at the moment 
sometimes i feel so lucky, but i also feel like what matters most to me could disappear at any moment 
@Sarahvszombies It's so hard at the moment 
*sighs* I wanna talk to someone, but I doubt they are up at the moment. 
@cuzstacysays seems to be a lot of drama at the moment  How r u enjoying driving around everywhere?
I do but this was a I don't want to sit next to him moment and not a your team moment. I scare away women... 
she breathed a moment too soon and lost her sneeze. the tiny tickling birth of a sneeze was squashed, and the sneeze was lost... forever 
One moment ure happy, next moment NOT!!!    lost all mood already..
has no internet at the moment 
My brain is just not functioning at the moment 
@missslindsey I cant do it, I get to emotional on it  and at the moment it may be in over drive!!!
not the best of moods at the moment!  
at this current moment, musical theater is my least favorite thing ever 
I wait for the moment when I read that the GazettE is comming to germany. when will that happen   ???
@BennyLyons I would if I had texting at the moment 
i'm not enjoying life at the moment 
@popkissbetty *sigh* I wish I could buy one right now, but it's beyond me a the moment.  
At the moment I'm drowning rather than swimming  and also somewhat demoralised.
My daughter told me she didn't love me tonight.......Never thought that moment would come 
feeling lazy at this moment 
@RoundAboutTrvl yes I know the feeling  I'm doing a booking for my cousin at the moment they suck the most
@suziperry twitterwall appears to be broken at the moment - wish I could vote 
DO NOT call me till 4 o'clock.  Or else I freak out!  I hate these moments of waiting...  
Reality just hit me a moment ago 
I'm packing things at the moment. malessss. 
@XxEMxX And I'm being forced to do the silly gyms concert tonight despite the fact I can't sing at the moment.  I hate being ill 
what is this awkward moment between old friends? 
Feeling a bit under appreciated at the moment 
just in this moment it hurts 
I'm going to give him space. If he wants to talk then he will call me or txt me. I am so insecure at the moment. Is he tired of me?  
If u ever find a moment spare a thought for me 
@tidesandclouds I'm not allowed to move out of state at the moment lolol 
@LionelJr i wont be coming back anytime soon  im jobless at the moment
I miss you, I miss the person you were, I miss all the great moments we lived together , gosh you hit me hard  sad moment now
Braves are losing at the moment!   They need to win!
@trixie360 it's dead for me at the moment 
Feeling very sad at the moment 
Not feeling too bad health-wise at the moment, but I'm also heavily medicated, so it probably doesn't count 
- someone tell me why men are soo complicated? one moment its a yes the next moment its a no... 
@cjdkc Not at the moment 
really miss the moment 
Going to work in a few moments 
IS haveing major relationship issues and it sucks big time. I feel sooo lost at the moment. 
Struggling with motivation to do kettlebell exercise - feel defeated by it at the moment 
i'm soooooo bored at the moment. figuring ways to enjoy the next 2 hours. 
@EmmaHerdman It's down for me at moment 
I'm super sad at the moment! 
@stacythatgirl I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm in a similar situation at the moment. 
I wish I could censor out all iphone chatter at the moment. It just makes me sad that I don't have one nor can I afford one right now 
Missed cesars career defining moment  at graduationnn. Its faaackin hot duddee!
@gleepface gang? it's just me at the moment 
very ill at the moment 
I'm loving the Twitversation between @Whiffies and @TillamookCheese right now. It doesn't help that I'm really hungry at the moment too. 
Crossing a sad moment. 
Why is it that we don't always recognize the moment love begins, but we always recognize the moment it ends?    i have alyssa(:
@ilaam @wendilynnmakeup oh really  so who is doing make up for heroes at the moment?
@fancyfembot Don't tell me you're sleepy now.  I am too, but I'm not allowed to at the moment 
Oh god there are too many films out at the moment not fair 
@marktucks not in the IT field at the moment 
@zwetschke 90 % of my friends are there and I'm not sure yet if I'll make it tomorrow... looks like not at the moment... 
@miss_x_ That sucks. The commentary is quite interesting talking about the chaos in F1 at the moment. 
I'm having an R'tard moment could anyone explain hexidecimal to me please 
off to the doctors again. I hate all this at the moment 
Feels like the third wheel at the moment 
ayy!!!!........maybe this isn't my moment.............. 
Feeling really helpless at the moment 
well it stopped raining for the moment....still extremely humid 
is trusting no one at the moment 
@SoulIsTheGoal  I felt touched for a moment
@Sianz The duck passed away when he saw the price,was a sad moment 
i am unbelievabely bored at this moment in time and i need to seriously find something to do 
having a wicked bad carpal tunnel moment... 
something isn't quite right at the moment 
@captainwowsplat I'm afraid it's my level at moment for multi 
@daniblove it was a weak intoxicated moment..  never again
@TwiObsession  lol i know how that is!!!! like at this very moment 
ugh, my life is starting to suck at the moment. i hope it changes soon. 
@slinky2000 I'm in the same boat as you at the moment. 
Is very upset at the moment 
is really having nostalgic moments right now. (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/12bxy5
Going to bed. I'm having another one of those unsure moments. 
I wish somebody could give me a twug right now! I really need a twug at the moment!!!!!!!!  :/
@yourlegsgrow not at the moment   I want to go back though  so very badly! I didn't get to hang with you as much as I wanted to
@starbuckscup really!? it's my favorite of the moment 
It was a moment of weakness and you said yes 
@NokkonWud cash is also a bit of an issue at the moment too so can't go too mad 
@WhoTheTweet it is down for me at the moment 
a moment to remember 
@AlviHalderman I cant log in at all at the moment 
@saurik what about winterboard ? The remositories seem to be down at the moment too 
is kinda bummed at the moment 
@eliza is it any good at the moment? was there at about 1:30 but it started raining 
Not doing so good at the moment..  Lots of sulkings..
@carole29 I think I'm just hyper emotional at the moment  but yeah, I enjoyed it!
I'm having a sad moment. 
I'm getting happier each moment. I don't know, but there's a sad feeling hiding inside me. 
@jessicaajb i would have, but had no one to share the moment with. 
shockin' moments   
I miss all my not-here-at-the-moment-somewhere-else-instead friends and wish that they were here at the moment instead of somewhere else 
sleepyyyy....humiliating moment today. ahhhhh 
Having a freak out moment 
The roller coaster is back and it's going down at the moment 
 Hanging by a moment by lifehouse always makes crave a boo.
It's more like a sponsored bloody walk at the moment... 
@amberwhiting ruin the moment then 
Not entirely sure I'm super happy at the moment. 
@MJtwitchat bloody awful  at the moment....
@rvaria You should have taken a moment to know exactly who/what you were insulting;That's the kind of behavior that drags twitter down 
We're going to china, we're not going to china!We're going to china, we're not going to china! At the moment we're not going to china! 
#squarespace i'm officially entered for the next 15 days. good job because i forgot to enter once and almost died.  not my best moment
I don't know if I've ever needed a backrub as much as I do right this moment. 
Feeling i cannot trust anyone at the moment! 
@adhaaL i could use one too, i guess, but i don't know at this moment im an emotional wreck 
@DameFifty5 but I don't have one at the moment 
I kill moments 
another graduation today, they're all leaving. such a bittersweet moment  ..
@VivaLaSara  And yea, it was not a happy moment and I left that fandom and everything about it was just... tainted.
its just what i need in this moment! seriously, its just what i want and just what i need  -
so freaking disappointed in myself at the moment. ugh, I hate this 
@jmoney1026 aww we are sad together..  Lets have a moment of silence..
I'm working at the moment 
@bratalie SOLD! It was spur of the moment, sorry  next time fosho
@TheCrystalLady @MadamSalami we having another blackadder moment here?! top was in the sale, but it shows my roly polyies 
confused at the moment 
@LydiaPSB I hate him for what he did, at the moment 
Just listened to a rough mix of one of the tracks i recorded. Not impressed at the moment 
Having a sad moment 
@rachy_babes yuh huh  not at the moment thanks lovely, i probably will when i start doing them haha.
I'm so tired. I've barely slept the last few nights, and I totally feel like I could just crash at any moment. 
I am too time poor at the moment.  I really want to be reading this:http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v459/n7250/ but I have to work 
nothing new about the our project for the moment  No free time left right now | will be back shortly
@NinaCSch I try to ... but the moment my thesis is freaking me SO out 
Everyone seems to be going on holiday  at the moment. I feel so left out 
just had a real good moment. i missssssssss him so much, 
@lesliemalason5 U r having an epic moment of clarity aye? 
@ceetee u got i-phone dude....capture some good moments na 
@stephenfry time is what happens when you get distracted from the present moment. 
@mickydodds Pretty much. Trying to follow the more interesting ones at the moment. 
is handmade goodness at the moment  xxx
@scottsmeester you are so right. The present moment is where all the fun happens. 
really doesn't have anything interesting to say at the moment 
is very much satisfied with how life is at this moment in time. 
@bobbryar You guys recording/writing anything at the moment? 
@LatinaV ur right!!! ;)  --- it was a feeln - i went with it at the moment... 
loving twitter at the moment 
at the moment: I'm really confused between 0 and 1 
I had a joe moment  aha those are the best
@is_selene Or was that the single most winningest moment of my life? I think yes  Even tho I lose from then on ;p
@PattiB0i DO IT! and send the ones of us too  baaaabe, that was a special moment
i am not doing anything at the moment!  
Wow scrubs really is my like fav program at least at the moment it's great 
A belated #followfriday moment for @ChazRoyal 
@tranquilized09 at the moment I don't know, I will let you know! 
@meanolmeany living vicariously through your tweets at the moment. so much fun to watch. 
@Warlach lol - took me a moment but I get it now 
at the moment all the addiction I need is a scotch grrrrr and a map 
I don't know that words accurately describe how amazing tonight was...or how I feel at the moment 
@indiaknight Just ordered it  The thought of being seen in a swimming costume at the moment is terrifying.
@beccahowes wolverine is just more important i suppose, haha. and yes i was asking about the awkward moment.  how is st. auggie??
I have my serious moments too 
@mckayzoo Thanks!  He does have his moments 
Everything in life can be related back to a Friends moment. I love that 
@mmitchelldaviss that's exactly how I am right now  yay! I think we just shared a moment.
dancing helps me live in the moment and makes me happy. 
@CosmicMother yes I'm quite a happy dolly at the moment 
@joecamnet sorry.  concert was a shiny spot in a scary, dark moment of my life right now. Forgive me?
@DarkoKontin I was thinking about that phrase a moment ago  it's so true that it scares me
@stephaniepratt That sounds really good  How is your life at the moment? Is everything new?
@torilovesbradie haha really? I'm not watching at the moment, I'm watching borat on channel 10 
My background at the moment is twilight for u guys who don't know 
I'm feeling pretty alright at the moment 
@glenkrueger those are the best moment ever! 
@Cfitz002 it had its moments haha. I really enjoy going back to visit now 
@MedBotJinx #TFARP *takes a moment to translate, then nods* You're quite welcome.  Also, dear, it's probably best if you stay here again-
@rjdempsey savour these moments!  #canucks
@dailypep I'm sure I will cry at the most unopportunte (spelling?) moment!!  
@jessicasydney i did, haha. i'll run is more suitable, at the moment. 
@juleswriteslove you're absolutely welcome.  i love you too and am happy i was able to help make that moment happen.
In this exact moment i have decided that in some point in my life.. i am going to adopt a child 
had probably the most embarrassing moment in a long time tonight...lol can't stop laughing at myself. and i'm sure @LuLovely can't either 
@theloveofpink : next tues! I am trying to sort out my leave at the moment :/ not going well! And lanvin, if I can find them 
@LilyMazahery to me, that sounds like what a perfect moment in time is. 
Trying out tweetree - pretty impressed at the moment!   http://tweetree.com
@Jessicaveronica  where re you at the moment then to get told off?? 
I have a tingly sensation happening at the moment... I've been through this before, i'm just hoping it doesn't end like last time... 
@vesula I think the changes they're making will make a big difference as to how it works at the moment...  I hope anyway!  
@carlgriffith heya, turns out i'll be coming after all. i'm bringing my cam to record the moment if you don't mind 
@lidles it was a scary moment for me!! 
@jamesdoc It is very exciting at the moment. 
i fell asleep on iris's toilet this morning. not my proudest moment tehe 
@jonubian  we all have our moments
@JoReynolds55 yeah I'm thinking about it...no its bad but I'm pale blue at the moment and its not really a good look lol 
@Croneandbearit thank you. I'll check in a moment. I appreciate all of your comments. 
On a scale of one to ten, my faveourite song at the moment would be a ten in embarassingnesss 
@ankurb LOL it's not mine. Wish it was and I was there to witness this touching moment 
@creatingorder so would not trust that sieve that is called a memory at the moment giving @rebeccamezzino a shout, but ur closer 
Everything youve ever loved will be taken the moment you shut your eyes. So say goodbye.    NemoNemesis 
@musicjunkie11 ahahahaha really now? after a few moments 
enjoying a few quiet moments before eLijAh wakes up 
It is bucketing at the moment!!!!... Such a great sound to go to sleep to! 
@ElieBel lol it is at the moment 
@nastala So can you unveil the secret and tell me who you work with at the moment and when I will hear your voice? 
Nothing at the moment 
The moment of truth is coming.... 
@absolutspacegrl Looks like you just had a @mylifeisaverage moment. 
@LPODDAYUNGEN hey! That's awesome, we actually at the moment don't have any dates set but we should be going there sometime 
living in the moment 
I have a pretty large vocabulary thank you very much, i just don't feel the need to use it at the moment 
I am peaceful this moment 
@BOYWALT409 I know. Lol. I don't even think I'd know where to get some. And I'm at 421 anyway now, so the moment has passed. 
