Most common words for this cluster:
[('monday', 445), ('wednesday', 36), ('tomorrow', 23), ('tuesday', 23), ('sunday', 15), ('school', 14), ('im', 9), ('lol', 9), ('rainy', 9), ('thursday', 8), ('blues', 8), ('happy', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'monday', 0.9792739748954773), (u'friday', 0.7882248163223267), (u'tuesday', 0.7805528044700623), (u'wednesday', 0.7759429216384888), (u'thursday', 0.7752963900566101), (u'saturday', 0.773135781288147), (u'sunday', 0.7536552548408508), (u'tommorow', 0.6461616158485413), (u'saturdays', 0.6331319808959961), (u'mondays', 0.6265125274658203)]





back to the grind on monday...depressing 
@flash0708 they're due on wednesday... 
I've been told power might be out until monday 
back 2 skwl on monday    can't wait till next saturday it will be brill !!!!!
omgoshhh hes not coming back till monday which means i won't see him till i come back thursday  fucken jerk! sighh i miss himmmm 
just laying in bed thinkin about the essay due monday 
@bloodbelieve sweeet. i'll probably stick it up on wednesday. i am slowly working through a synoptic paper right now 
takin it easy !!!back to work monday 
ok, now it's monday but still no tweetie for mac 
no I didn't  I have 2 call him monday
monday sendrom 
i cant be monday already 
it cant be monday already! 
@Jennymac22 nah just monday - tuesday and wednesday  but still enuff lol
rainy monday 
Just another manic monday 
Oh no! Its monday. 
getting ready to go to work, another rainy monday 
rainy monday 
Its monday already 
monday sucks! and i miss my mp4 
monday, booo 
Yay!!! it's monday and i get to go to work!!  
@kelliplasket i have been rescheduled, yet again  wednesday at 11. ahh
sad 420/marathon monday is over 
Training at 4  dont really want to go, still sore from monday.
nancy left me i feel so empty till monday 
im bummed that i'm not going to chicago on monday anymore. 
really sick right now.  off work til monday...maybe
im feeling much better today...but still have to go in for an ultrasound on monday 
@thetarotlady  external hd here i come. ordering new one on monday can't afford any missteps or ordering after then
metrics till monday 
lost ALL cable/internet. no eta. probably monday.  
@radha_ my camera is with my friend  may be on monday or tuesday..
too tired to update everything i need to... work will have to wait for monday. even warcraft will have to wait. 
Oh crap, here comes another monday! 
I just woke up. It alredy sunday and tomorrow is monday 
@mcka8889  i will be homee sat, but i think i am leaving again monday ahhhhhhh that sucks
I don't want wednesday to come 
preparing for an awful monday 
trying to get into work mode...huh its sunday  that means tomorrow is monday
issssss monday tomorrow 
monday why do you always come so soon 
doesn't want to go to work!! everyones talking about chilling on bank holiday monday 
monday always comes too soon 
UGH it's monday 
happy monday all. rainy and miserable here 
its just another manic monday...why does monday have to be my long day at work  grrrrrrr
Why does it have to be monday already    *tantrum*
i woke up reeeeeaaaally early for a monday  what's with that??
@adamshanfield i wish that we were  i vote lets go tonight - i'll help you pack! [happy monday...]
monday  #fb
Another annoying monday! 
another rainy monday 
monday  ugh..
rainy monday. 
monday... 
monday again? i needa redbull 
no haircut till monday. 
@thatssokerri aww, that's sad if it's true  i hope he does have a show.he's arriving here tuesday i think so he'll be leaving monday there
@KakelynSunshine ok, i guess ill be by myself on monday  and what about @billbeckett?
@bran1181 ugh does that mean its monday again 
monday, again.... on the road again.... still 700km to go 
It's monday 
why does monday have to be so far away? i need a doctor nowww. 
@kristenj0nas7 ughh, its a monday  
last push before wednesday! 
scary monday.... 
monday toomorrrowww ... 
tomorrow is already monday!! 
@niiicolebby same and i realy wanted to see hey monday and tell elliot that i love him!! 
Going to bed..tomorrow is monday 
monday blues 
imma tired from the wholed dayy :|:|:| monday again tomorrow  what to doo
bah.. it's monday already 
monday sickness again! 
it' monday again! 
ugh rainy monday mornin 
It's a sunny monday... and I have to work! 
shit! monday! have to go to work again 
boring meeting, this is really a monday  bummer
having a completely and utterly blue monday 
a fucking monday 
Another monday at the grindestone 
It's 7:30 and its dark still  not looking good for a monday
I dont feel so hot on this monday.... 
I have the monday blues!! 
Ugh it's monday 
i really don't want to go to work..i hate monday! 
asdfgh its monday bawwwwwwwwwww  
g'morning! it's monday 
The monday mornimg blah's.....want to be sleeping 
Ughhhh its monday 
Ugh monday yet again 
@mrscurvy next monday.  how are you?
ugh... monday. 
...but i don't want another monday 
It's monday 
its monday  sigh
@rachelbaker it's a bad monday already 
just got to work...I hate monday's 
im sick and its monday 
soooo not happy that it is monday 
@sassybritches can't tonight  and 11:00 is a little late for me (lame, i know)... what about thursday? I have softball on wednesday.
monday monday monday!!!! it took me longer than usual to get up and face the day 
I am so sick! and my mum still hasn't spoke to me since wednesday! 
@madameray i'm going to newcastle fest on monday so i'm stopping in on sunday 
@SharoNiley I love you, I'll miss you until monday 
@givemethemotts will i still see you on monday? 
@Isobellabella alas i've got to work tonight, sunday and monday 
justt wokee up and soooo tired still, ughh its only a wednesday 
missing wednesday 
chapter 27... probably on monday. i still need more comments. 
On the monday, so i wont be able to be with you!  i love you
@antoniia07 sheep!!!!wassup???i miss you    see you on monday!
Not  looking forward to next   wednesday at all 
@morgannJayy  lol...maybe for you...I still have to go in monday.  
i don't wanna go back to school on monday 
@MrMarcusX was jst out there wednesday 
Ugh have to report again monday 
@shawncorson i know  i'm tweeting more now though don't you worry!! haha i wish i could fly to ohio! i saw beyonce on monday uhmygawddd!
My internet is so slow... I can't stand this, and it will be fast again on monday 
oh great, back to school on monday  examss!
AHHHHHHHHH assignments  due monday that i haven't done 
new sonq cominq monday cuz my computer is broken. 
so my new mic wont get here til monday... 
@arpitha_103 if sunday's here it only means that monday is that much closer! and that means i have to head back to bombay 
back early... no perth  maybe monday? if not end of june hopefully
revising for maths exam on monday 
@stranger_danger i miss you too  i will see you on monday.... D:
kinda sad the hills is going off monday 
im soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored can't be botherd  2 go 2 school on monday arghhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     
is trying to revise for maths on monday  x
does not work till wednesday now  im poor.
im going back to school on monday how boring 
@RockDaMullet awh! I'm leaving for vegas on monday 
i really don't wanna go back to school on monday  i actually hate it so much
argh monday can't wait until its over 
@TeamCyrus i don't think you can... i can only watch it on monday to 
@adamasity_bebe I miss u too  see u on monday
@willyj1234 I wish you guys were there till next wednesday 
@scottellis09 man I think we deleted wednesday's. 
@JuicyStory tan on monday maybe ?! I'm sad 
is depressed monday is tomorrow 
E.T. is ugly and it's monday tomorrow 
@linkyyyyy i have maths on monday  lmao
monday, monday monday blues...   and its not even monday
off to bed now. goodnite! ps. monday morning's suck! 
@beingmyself lol I wish I could boo... but I did on monday &amp; its def too late now 
ag and its monday yet again 
feeling just as miserable, tommorow we actually have school, either way its a monday, i hate mondays 
@relampag0 no, just till next monday 
how am i gonna get home monday and tuesday 
i hate monday ! P.E. tmr 
bye pampanga....it's monday once again, back to work, back to ayala and it's rainning....i still want to sleep 
monday already 
sooo tired  and tomorrow is monday again... what is wrong with me?
monday again..  sadness..
so so sad tomorrow is monday 
It's a manic monday 
bad monday 
@stephanani i know what you mean monday again 
slpy  monday  uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhg
blue again.. it's monday 
Too sunny for a monday 
@DazzleMeThis You're pic-less  ....how's this public holiday monday treating you?
too busy monday, 
@JussiKraft but is't day off monday so tomorrow you would have the real monday feeling. 
UGGGH! I woke up to a monday 
Oh crap monday  http://myloc.me/2gzw
monday................ 
Ugh monday 
ugh.. i hate monday 
not really...the usual. sad its monday  @0001t
monday again 
another monday. working tonight too 
monday again already!! ugh 
monday, again. 
wonderful sunny monday... could have left turin, but didn't 'cause of bad forecast 
it `s definitely a monday.  i popped two tires at once 
working.... On a monday  blah
@Drarok Sounds like this monday is going well for you mate 
happy monday 
Is sad it's monday.. 
monday.. for those that to wake up and works...  not cool.......
happy monday.  
rainy monday 
no more sun in eugene until next monday we got rain until next monday 
This was one busy a$$ monday 
The last monday at elderton is officially over  however the last tuesday is yet to come 3 whole days left
still that x  okay i'm off until monday.. nyc here i come 
this has not been a good monday...tuesday will hopefully be better...ugh i hate mondays 
It's another monday...yay for me 
@dreamsequins  @Misslizzymarie monday slumps suck 
oy. it's definitely a monday. 
ohmygosh its only monday  #fb
Is watching the hills final episode... What will I do every monday at 10 
so tired  and is monday!
@kateisgrrr8 i gave up the saturday shift, this is my monday....and next monday, too  totally screwed
I know it's tuesday, but it feels like monday... 
Having another monday 
@kattybuns im busy thursday   wednesday or friday?
@ProfessorGriff wednesday?? i thought it was thursday? 
hating monday's and tuesday's.......   
not looking forward to hitting the big 4-0 on monday 
@ybthis i know. its so annoying that we have to go back on monday 
@xoxoJL monday doesn't look good here either. 
@Jonasbrothers now i hav to wait until monday ... to watch it but im at skool!!!!!!!!!! 
@kayfizzle11 eeesh that sux its a monday  no I can't I'm sad! I have to work on mondays
no mobile phones allowed from monday.. 
Feeeel sick ugh, so much to do by monday and so much on my mind 
physics exam on monday... need to start studying 
ohhh i cba with school on monday 
so bored. have to study for test on monday and tuesday 
@lodossheros no @bhs3133 isn't coming back until monday 
studyin' 4 monday!! 
@kaylajoysmith it got moved to monday.  sighsigh.
eyes are swollen with all the reading for an xam on monday 
@jordansbabygirl-i am back at work on tuesday fly home monday 
working on portfolio...due monday 
really annoyed that i cant use my new toy, until at least monday 
@VConfections   no chocolate.  unless they're just being abnormally slow.  which means it will get here monday
@xCAROxx  i miss you too  i leave for camp on monday  i don't want to go.
Suffering with a ''rash'' and going to see a doctor monday 
i'm crazy tired. pens are disappointing. i leave for camp monday 
I leave on monday 
@Cubbydaniel i'll have to see if i can  i have a dentist appointment that friday morning, and school monday
then off to work on monday 
monday n bukas 
I'm not ready for monday 
free at last but back to work on monday 
has to go to slough tomorrow  i wish monday would just hurry up and be over and let it be tuesday already
Pls gimme the spirit of monday 
ewwwwwwwwww! tommorows monday! 
monday tomorrow 
@djaaries @allystar4 @EmpressJade @NatureWithMe @thisgirltv happy sunday to you all... though its now monday here 
Doesn't wish it to be monday again already  I would love it to be friday already!
Going to sleep soon... tomorrow's monday! 
oh no, monday again! i hate monday 
oh no, monday is comming again! i hate monday 
@SteelyDaniel I haven't been watching  i'll probably tomorrow (monday). i'll update.
bleugh.... it's monday 
@cranzie09 completely jealous! I have to wait til wednesday 
sooo tired! i love you no school monday, however tuesday is in my bad books 
monday again  so tired *zzz*
tomorrow is monday 
i can't belive that tomorrow is monday! 
tomarrow is just another monday.... 
I don't like monday.. 
tomorrow is monday 
don't really love monday.. 
another monday comes, 
Ahh back in htown  not looking wanting monday to come
monday blues 
It's monday all over again  
another hot monday 
I really don't want monday to come... That means mge 
oh no it cant be monday already 
@rachaelcaine i work on wednesday. 
N bloody trafficcc in the noon!!! Reaally2 hate monday!!!! 
@LordBrian1131 omg, monday mornings are so hard 
@shaundiviney i hate monday cuz i have to go back to school  lucky 
I'm sad tmrw's monday  well I get to look forward to #musicmonday 
hates Mondays  .. monday blues ..
is up early, couldn't sleep, feeling the monday blues  ... need a change in the routine.
monday...it's a monday asshole wakeup...last heard in dreams b4 wakin up in the morn! 
has just got to work... big monday blues 
monday already 
jep, monday blues.. not feeling so well..... 
monday...again 
its monday... it means back to work 
Wheres me bed? It cant be monday already 
monday monday monday... the feeling of being slightly lost at work  will be ok about noon I hope
arg monday 
moaning monday for me am afraid  going to photoshop.
It's monday, innit? 
its monday again 
monday again 
schooool     last monday of gradee ten 
monday monday 
got the monday blues 
omg I just remembered its monday, was scrubs on 7 tonight? 
waking up earlier, doesn't make monday any better. 
It's monday  2 much 2 do 4 school 2moro.
monday  booooooooooo
Its monday...back to work... 
I've got da monday blues! 
this monday is the mother of all mondays. blech. 
i have the monday blues 
oh no. It's monday 
i cant believe its monday.. 
UGH its monday and magic lost.... 
monday is already here 
monday  great weekend girlz!!!!!!
i wish it wasnt monday!  back to work 
@galaygobi that's pretty disgusting haha double whammy that its on a monday 
monday blues 
Just another manic monday...ugh 
monday already     oh well.  guess I gotta make the best of it
mundane monday! :| 
@BetsyHaffner y'arr! you had to go there. some of us have to work on tuesday (as well as monday).... 
@glasscase we can't hang on wednesday  but thursday y/n?
ughh, todays been the dullest monday ever!! 
working on monday 
@soldier_sophie LOL still that monday illness kicking around? 
It's just another manic monday. 
And theres that monday crash... 
@icyravens Aw - I miss the taco monday. 
@evahall i don't think i'm starting til next monday, but i'll let you know, i'll probably never work long enough to require lunchies 
wow what a horrible day to start back to work.. Its only a monday. I hate mondays 
 thot monday is boring but tuesday is worst!
@marissedeleon i know. i'm so pissed! ugh, they won't let me go to school.  monday pa! i'll call you tom. update me! )
Why does tuesday still feel like monday 
@koko_kaylee it's supposed to rain until like monday 
why cant there be nascar monday-friday also... 
@timjahn im not going to be in town next monday 
@StVicktoria AWWW tj's times  i'm going there on monday haha
i just realized i missed greek on monday 
ahhhh! NO! won't see hey monday at all! 
ugh its only wednesday 
Aarrrggghhh it's wednesday and I hate it! 
@IdleThumbs Don't ruin my wednesday 
@bethmcgrath not yesterday beth, monday lmao :') but still eurrrghhh 
@theNavigator meow? i'm sorry i ignored you monday because i was offline at @TEDxShanghai.  but i can't remember who you are... eek.
tiring wednesday................. 
@ejmariano619 WEEEEEEKEEEEND!!! I've read almost 100+ pages since monday, and i'm not even done! 
@kyoisorange But its on a monday and shitt 
@georgesampson you werent at the glasgow show on monday? I was sad 
@andeejohnson what!!?? i thought you left monday.  
i have 4 projects due eathier monday or tuesday.............agh, so much work 
just realized that I made too many plans on monday, damn it. sorrrrrry! 
@DiiLee monday taw alnas  
@chrismiw it's supposed to rain here until at least monday! 
@BeeBarnett yay but i will be back here on monday  ... But i am sooo proud of you yaaaay but you know that already
I got my new house im moving in the 1st and i have been sick since late monday/early tuesday 
taking tomorrow, monday and tuesday off. too bad dad is still in the hospital 
so my phone is officialy shut off  but it will be turned back on either sunday or monday yay! 
Doesnt want to go back to work on monday  booohisss!
I keep leaving my ipod at home  ahh monday is scary
@jellobunnies haha too bad it's going to be a very long while before i buy from her again, enlisting coming monday 
@EmilyAllTimeLow  no didnt get to  but i found out that they spent the whole of monday in sydney airport and missed them by 2 minutes!
@friskyupdater tuesday.  not monday. 
ugh she's only here monday 
@AroundHarlem nope. it's cloudy and hot...that isthe rain we are getting monday 
@x0x0tiffany i h8 you, that was supposed to be their big announcement on monday 
@AnusInspector i have monday and wednesday 
@OhhaiJess aww  are you going to wtk and hey monday in orlando?!
@cheynesaw we are going on monday and thursday  come then!!!! :-D
I'M OBSESSED? puhlease. monday cannn't come fast enouugh 
 monday!! loking forward to it
@CamSpi I miss you tooooo I feel like such a poon   BUT I may have monday off, I should know for sure tomorrow
@rickki on tv .. they're supposed to make a big announcement on monday &amp; thats what they're saying it is 
@shannonrh and starting monday i have to be up at 5  shoot me now!
@kathkathhh  i come home on monday! or sunday! i dont really know.
english speeches on monday 
i am studiing French for monday 
missed the delivery by liturally 30 seconds looking for a key  guttttted!! it won't be here until monday now (N)
worrying about going to college on monday 
Listening to konas new album makes me miss monday soooooo much 
chilling at the mo back to college on monday 
 science exhamination on monday!
is so so tired after working all day, wana go out drinking but have my final exams monday 
@terrymr  monday i guess unless you can go get it lol
@lollipop26 hey lady I haven't had a chance to mail for audrey  but I'll have it out onnnn monday!
off to hospital again monday 
todays model rescheduled for monday at 4pm  
graduation on monday. reallly nervous 
@ilydi hayuuk but cannot.. exammers on monday.  thinking of after siiih
have to wait for hot water until monday 
Bumbed out  marius is leaving on monday and going back 2 germany
@imsoapee since monday  ....till who knows when http://twitpic.com/7yeqc
i don't want to leave on monday 
It sucks to know that today is sunday and tomorrow is monday 
@tldriscoll  but i thought we were gunna hang out monday and see transformers together!
cant believe it's monday already tmrw! school 
im not going to taylor swift cause its a monday 
monday again.. expecting heavy traffic.. 
its sunday which means tomorrows monday which means school  x
im home.. tired.. ugh its monday again tomorrow. 
@rachey yes it's almost over  huhu. it going to be monday again soon...
@ELLEohhELLExxx awh wtf  when do you leave? they arent leaving until monday, you could still meet them. and yes same here 
hey hey im not ready for monday. 
@frkygeek i wish friday would be here in no time but its only monday! 
@fransick I want to but I think they are sold out on wednesday 
going to bed now.boring monday 
sad, funeral on wednesday. 
It's monday 
tired, frustrated, cranky  blahhh its monday.
ok so the job i thought i got just called and said that i audition for the job on monday?? wtf?! they told me i started monday 
Aww   idk i felt like that on monday.. And i didnt feel good at all..
So freakin' stressed out, I think I'll have to work this monday too! 
@myStmanda me too... but i can only watch maybe this monday.. or tuesday.. or wednesday... dammit... 
@PerceptionAndCo lol...I'll be bored by monday..complaining about how I'm ready to go back to work 
@ZakkBaker thank u, its on  monday  i hate mondays!! lol xxx
@xCarCrashHearts on friday till monday so plan to do alot of relaxing on the beach 
@espiral08  we're coming back on sunday or monday! 
I used to hate mondays, now I hate the tuesday after a monday 
is excited for monday 
@ghernandez54 lol ur a little late see u monday 
ok it's sunday!! good night!!! see you on monday 
@sleepforsleeper i'll be seeing you on monday! 
happy monday 
another sunny monday in munich 
driving to work!!  wow its monday again 
having a very good monday. 
today is monday  back to work i go from enjoyn two days off  beyonce is coming to phx,az july 7th,you kno i plan on going
i'm making it follow monday! @xsamanthanicole @megamileyfan @vprincessfan01 @vprincess @mandyyjirouxx @ddlovato @katiesantry @karleigh    
@adelgabot am i seeing you on monday? 
@lalalalexi wow, we're the same. ) it's eina's bday on monday. 
doing assignment .. due monday so i can watch my bf tomorrow 
@stephgracetan i got a wed and monday paper.  after that i am done! 
monday shud be gooooooood  
YEY! i`m on for wednesday! 
admin revision today, sunday and monday - exam on tuesday. maths exam on wednesday but day off on thursday 
@Tfavaron yeah, i bring it monday 
wondering what concert they will be announcing for moncton on monday ! Another big one for magnetic hill ! 
hey lamar, i see a triple double on monday.. 
Off to bed....ya'll sleep well and have a super monday morning 
finally a free monday 
my monday running so fast! 
Already back from shopping and about to do a nice monday roast 
just another manic monday.. wish it were sunday.. that's my fun day  happy monday twitterland
wake~n~bake monday 
@BerinKinsman Does this happen every monday? 
it's monday. yayy.. need to get my demi lovato tickets before they sell out! 
Home now!!! LOL but leaving again on monday for flo rida!!! 
long weekend. thank god i can sleep in on monday 
@kiwi_from_hell @sporkess how's monday for you? 
@LEHCARLINCECUM monday down..... 
@mirdahopkins i have to work tomorrow. i'm off on monday instead 
@stevepapi thx you too! I start monday and finish the 28th 
@SteezyNguyen ; oh really ? wear it at monday ! 
@lavidacobra got it.  i'm about to twitpic monday being adorbs.
it's monday!! 
can't wait for wednesday.. 
I could quite easily get used to monday mornin lie-ins 
I just wish our seminar will be on monday 
It's not every monday I get to be surrounded by models 
Last monday 
@DVBL sometimes i think i'm a usb port on my 'puter!  have a fantabolous monday, trying to decide what to read 
is happy and ready for wednesday.. 
ew... monday...   out tonightt 
enjoying sunday on monday 
@SharelleVixens awesome match  looking forward to coming to watch on monday 
But wednesday, i'll be back full force! 
@aniEspellsEina i would love to go on wednesday. 
another monday. here we go 
it's a rainy monday here! 
its monday, and thats ok with me .  
@Sethran i am!! friday and monday off 
Just another manic monday 
@simbiosisgroup happy monday! 
@tuiistheworld ok that just made me laugh.  lol.. happy monday 
today was my last monday at college..aaahhhh excited to leave!! 
Morning  ughh monday again!
bathurst on wednesday 
@GilesS and monday, tuesday, wednesday and thursday. 
So excited for monday is going to be amazing. 
WEEEEKEND  and a very long, because we have another holiday monday....
@Seefilmfirst I love film and i twitter! off to see the hangover on the monday...will review it after 
