Most common words for this cluster:
[('monday', 1126), ('morning', 125), ('day', 78), ('work', 76), ('weekend', 74), ('tomorrow', 55), ('week', 55), ('today', 54), ('school', 38), ('time', 34), ('i', 30), ('na', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Monday', 0.9999658465385437), (u'Tuesday', 0.9721158146858215), (u'Thursday', 0.971612274646759), (u'Wednesday', 0.9711447954177856), (u'Friday', 0.9440991878509521), (u'Sunday', 0.8042910099029541), (u'Saturday', 0.7904918789863586), (u'Thurday', 0.6950985789299011), (u'Wednesay', 0.6918500065803528), (u'yesterday', 0.6815471053123474)]





@soillodge yes, it will be. it's only Monday 
I'm ready for the weekend already. It's only Monday. 
you know a Monday's really bad when it spills over to tuesday. 
@trisulo I had butterflies in my tummy, it's all because of what we'll be facing on Monday  hbu?
Trying to complete my assignments for Monday 
Our home is so clean now. It's awesome. I bet it's messy again my Monday though.  
@WollemiPine  It's the weekend!! This will be my last late night, as I'm back to work on Monday 
Labour economics... test on Monday 
I quarantined myself. I hev my orange juice, nighttime flu gel caps &amp; soup...I have to feel better by Monday 
I go back to work on Monday. I am going to go through serious twitter withdrawal. 
@jferolo If only we didnt have to finish an episode by Monday 
@DeAndreWright girl me too  I will just have see yall Monday night cuz this rain has everywhere flooded
coughing, losing my voice and feeling pants... just in time for work on Monday 
@eboyle In a lot of pain. He's getting surgery on Monday to have a direct point for morphine to go in. 
bed... lots to do tomorrow...and still not feeling 100 percent!  and back to work on Monday!!!!!!
I'm tired  I need to get a journal!!!!!!!!! Monday? I really want one by tomorrow though  I hope I don't get loaded with hw on monday!
work brings too many late night snack attack urges.  4th night in a row out of 5 this week. woohoo for a Monday break!
I know I left school on friday planned for Monday but I can't remember for the life of me what I decided to do in algebra.. 
@qjay I thought we'd have you doing all your work in the free period on Monday! (I hope you grouped the lines, I didn't, had to redraw 
Oh no, it's almost Monday... again! 
am going to sleep... i hate Monday... 
Monday, pls be nice to me. 
@JoshScanlan yeah - a slow day, heading quickly towards Monday and work... 
It is Monday morning, I am starting a weeks holiday, and it is raining 
Monday  - no more comment.
I am so sore!  hope the weather is nice Monday evening so we can go to the park and walk a few miles.
Oh geez, it's Monday. 
Monday, the longest day at school.. 
Pinbrawl (pinball tourney @GroundKontrol) is still going. It's almost Monday.  @patc lost his first game... 
Monday mornings = BLEAKIOSITY 
is ready for work all day Monday and more paper writing tomorrow night... 
Monday morning, loads of things to do at and after work  not a good start to the week....I need to relax more and take things as they come
@JDohy yeah...you got that feeling too  Monday morning...what has the week got in store for us... 
It's rare that I have issues with Monday mornings with the lethargy today is strong 
am having such a blue Monday at work today. 
uuuuurrrgggg Monday 
Today is Monday  and I'm working!!
Blergh. Monday morning. It's sunny outside. I have to work 
1:16am: staying up doing human relations paper and tomorrow's Monday...  staying after school to study extra once again... so tired...
Monday already?!?! 
Gorgeous sunny Monday, it's such a total waste to be stuck in the office 
Morning tweeple, hope everyones Monday is as great as mine! 
Monday blues 
Monday again 
Monday means back to work 
Monday  I am working... i want to go to vacation!
: Monday 
Ahhh shoot Monday!  I have a feeling this is going to be one help of a stessful week!
Not another Monday 
@Boddingtons yeah i know!! i'll be feeling it next Monday 
Has a long week.....and really couldn't be any less upset that it's Monday already 
oh so tired. but hello Monday! ugh 
not ready for Monday! 
Getting ready for work...Monday is here again.  
Monday morning back to work 
Not having a great Monday morning 
good morning tweets....another Monday 
Nuuuu Monday...I want to go back to bed 
Riding train to work on a dreary Monday morning 
On work on a Monday, so tired 
Monday Monday. 
back to work.... it's Monday  
has a bad case of the Monday blues. 
Uhhhhhh. Monday. 
Going to the dentist is never fun   and it's definitely not how I want to start off a Monday morning
Until I have my coffee all I hear is BlahBlahBlah....Monday grumps 
Starting another Monday 
Today is the best day ever!  It's Monday! 
Working late on this rainy Monday blah day 
workin early on Monday morning 
Monday!! 
Ugh. Monday 
Working and its Monday 
is getting ready for work...  Another fun-filled Monday awaits... 
Urg Monday  http://twitpic.com/3nmmv
I hope everyone had a great weekend!! I wish it weren't Monday already... sigh 
Meetings are not a good way to spend Monday mornings 
Monday already? Whyyyyy?? 
Monday Monday Monday... 
Ugh. Another Monday 
is not looking forward to next Monday.  http://plurk.com/p/palvv
We had to know the bones in the skeletal system for our presentation on Monday!!! 
It would be nice if I could have a day off in order to finish the 15 miles of homework I have to complete before Monday. 
i hate my life right now.  anthropology 21 is the worst course ever... I am sick thinking about the final exam on Monday!!! 
Aaww man I can't believe that saturday is about to come to an end. I  have to to to school on Monday. 
@AndrePaular I'm don't think I can make it tho..gotta prepare for an exam on Monday 
auntiegail says 'Today I am fed up, car failed mot, not getting it back till Monday  xxxx.'
@Kdvb1 just had it done on Monday, but it's already faded &amp; I'm not happy about it  Thanks for the comment though! 
@iamlittleboots snap! Mines on Monday too, but I won't be in japan 
is staying at home with his deep depression, hoping it will lift tomorrow or Monday  
@rachelhenslee we just planned it Monday - we wanted to go twice this spring  - can't wait to go with you guys!!!
damn, just found out dad's blood disease isn't improving - starts chemo Monday 
.... I woke up at 6am, I thought it was a Monday ... I am going back to my bed .... I need more sleep 
the way it's going, im going to have to pull an all-nighter on Monday to get the paper back. 
Dreading that tomorrow is Monday! 
Monday again!   hate ironing my shirt.....
think it should be illegal to go to work on Monday!! hate ironing my shirt 
Wow, what a weekend. I will be glad for Monday to roll around! 
Getting ready for bed.... It's Monday tomorrow 
@h2osarah I'm sad about the looming Monday as well. 
I thought I was gonna be done school this week. Turns out my last final is next Monday. 
 its Monday tomorrow
Monday again 
Monday again 
I don't want it to be Monday tomorrow! 
I am not happy that the weekend is almost over   Monday mornings are rough!
Dammit...tomorrow is Monday already     
getting ready for Monday 
!@#$ tomorrow's Monday 
Tireddddd. And its Monday. 
Is not ready for Monday 
Monday is almost here.  
The weekend is over, and Monday is just around the corner 
can't sleep...depressed it's Monday tomorrow...back on the grind! 
At work Monday morning 
Monday morning 
Monday morning blues ... 
Monday morning .... 
Off to bed not exactly a Monday FUNDAY 
Fuuuuuck tomorrow is Monday that means a looooong week of work 
Monday... 
I don't like those people that take a bunch of quizzes on facebook and fill up my homepage  I can't believe tomorrow's Monday -__-&quot;
@GrumpyYetAmusin well I've caught up with you as I've just woken up and it's definetely Monday here now! And a holiday I'm working on! 
This is too earliy on a bank holiday Monday  taking eldest girl to her friends as they are going out for the day
cloudy Monday 
Onto Monday and the party's starting to break up - many will be back at work tomorrow 
On my way to work...I'm late today, Monday morning blues 
Off to the hell pit that is work  Monday mornings are bad enough without this horror to deal with. Means to an end, means to an end .....
I just &quot;love&quot; Monday mornings... 
Monday back to work again...!!!!  
Monday grind again 
Monday again.. It's raining and it's cold outside  Where's the sun?
is off to work on this back holiday Monday   thank god the weather is pants or I'd of been even more unhappy bout it!
Monday monday....and its raining!!!!!  I feel ok...bring me tea bring me coffee!!!
...and now technically it's Monday.  this weekend went by too fast.
its only Monday 
Monday  working and this week is without tennis...
@fox_sake being at work on a bank holiday Monday = fail 
Is it Monday already?? 
Just got up and getting ready to head off to work for the Monday meeting. I would really like to go back to sleep though 
Despite it being a bank holiday, it still feels like a Monday to me 
Monday morning is so not my friend right now! 
Brrhh, tis a chilly yucky Monday, it's getting me down 
having a serious case of the Monday blues.... 
preparing to go to the office and work on Monday stuff 
Ugh...its Monday already? 
Monday again!  This sucks - I hardly felt like I had a weekend 
Monday and rainy. 
Wow. I have 122 &amp; emails to go through and review. 3 buildouts needed and I need to go over 12 sites in development. What a Monday. 
Where did the weekend go?? Another Monday 
Ahhh..Monday mornin &amp; off to work, hope there's not many sick ppl in today..Mondays are always busy. 
@macpowell We're all up...And it's Monday. 
Getting ready for another Monday 
Monday is my least favorite day.... I just wanna stay snuggled in... 
Monday 
getting ready to go walk and did i mention today is clean your house Monday?   YAY,  break out the confetti 
I really hate Monday's 
Thinking of the weekend... It's Monday 
Why so much rain?!?!  Such a gloomy Monday!
Monday morning 
@kspidel ahhh, whaaaat? That's a horrible start to a Monday 
Monday morning again 
Monday again 
Wishes Monday wasnt inevitable 
Why does Monday have to come so quickly? 
Today is Monday 
Typically bank holiday Monday weather. 
Wishes he could sleep another hour..... I hate Monday mornings 
it's never a good sign when you have to spend 20 mins troubleshooting just to get your laptop to boot on a Monday morning.  
stiff neck - not a great way to start a rainy Monday 
is embarking on the Monday chore of picking up and getting laundry started.  I forgot to start a load last night, so I feel behind.  
is doing Monday morning paperwork...blah 
is enjoying sunday morning with his children...mom stays home prepare for her Monday exam  http://plurk.com/p/stx3a
No update Monday  see http://www.out-at-home.com for details.
I miisss himmm  Monday afterskool shud be fun tho.
I'm in denial that I start work again on Monday. 
I need to go into work early on Monday, so that means early to bed tonight and tomorrow. The problem with that? I know I'll be up till 4 
err i dont want it to be Monday tomoz.  i h8 mondays
Monday is getting closer and closer... me not like 
no idea what Monday's blog post will be... http://tosinpedro.shutterchance.com might just have last week's photo for yet another week. 
uhhhhhh, tomorrow's Monday again 
My conturyTomorrow is.. Monday~ 
Surviving Monday 
Oh, welp, no SwaggerTV till Monday . 
@GallagherPreach; a.k.a. Monday!! 
@DJMaryE no complaints but I have the feeling that tomorrow is going to be a lonnngggg Monday. 
Monday, ewwww 
Monday is very blue 
I guess I should go to bed now, tomorrow is Monday 
@verwon better, just in time for Monday  but its all good
Another Monday 
This busy Monday morning is an indication of what lies ahead this week 
@mmap Thanks! I'll need to visit next time. Monday the chocolate museum was closed  and during the conference I won't have a chance.
Feeling kind of down. I can't believe I leave on Monday. 
I now live 20 minutes from work. As of Monday... that will be 2 hours on a good day! 
@ElNinnoooTurko i'm good, not looking forward to coming back to work on Monday   u ok? how's work?!!!
please give me the strenght to do all this shit. Monday.. 
found out at an executive meeting yesterday that layoffs will be announced on Monday.....the suspense is killing me already 
has to wait till Monday for his mac!!  sad times!
no lake today.  how sad. graduation tomorrow... picking out paint colors on Monday!!! 
@majic13 that is a lame plan - if it's Monday then i have to go to work today and won't be playing Mortals 
hopes that @xpdev maintenance is not going to take too much, since he needs to be life on Monday 
Oh snap vaccinations on Monday 
Thinks she may gave Monday-itis early 
Def need some rest! Monday is coming up very soon!!  I hate Monday!
Catching on... slowly, but surely! I CANNOT be Monday tomorrow....??! 
I can't sleep   Monday please go away.
It's almost Monday 
Monday is coming the day I hateee! 
tomorrow is Monday ... 
is off to sleep - Monday tomorrow 
weekend is coming to an end...busy Monday will be here so soon 
Looking at the Monday morning tasks, many important things, many very important &amp; many most important, &amp; some immediate and urgent too 
Monday tomorrow boooo hoooo 
I hate Sundays...they are followed by Monday 
@TravisKing  It could've waited until Monday, then I could've called in sick or worked from home
Oh no, please dont tell me tomorrow is Monday already!! Where did the weekend go?? 
ugh Monday eve 
Monday again . . . 
Monday morning ... and a dental appointment 
Monday morning ... and I have a dental appointment 
Monday is not a good day for a killer hangover to kick in 
7:30 Monday morning, back at work again 
How is it Monday morning already...?   
This time shouldn't be allowed on a Monday morning 
@gmangalo my dgroup watched the movie last Monday. unfortunately I didn't attend last meeting. (Inggit factor).. 
Hanging for the weekend.... and its only Monday 
Monday mornin again 
morning all. why is it Monday  feel like I've had about two hours sleep!
@socilover yeah! Monday mornin 
Monday... 
Monday.....  again 
Another Monday already! Where has the damn weekend gone already?! 
Our canteen went back to bigger cups, but kept the smaller lids, so the lids fall in your tea. It's the little things that make a Monday. 
wow...another Monday more...but this is the last but one to finish the hell...I'm afraid the marks...  I'm not sure about anything
not feeling so good  looking forward to and dreading Monday at the same time :/ tired
hrmmm Monday mornings 
Oh Monday again, how i hate Mondays  i will be smiling like i mean it )
Totally depressing coming to work on a Monday morning in the rain, and i forgot my lunch... 
Dammit Monday again?!?! I knew thise magic beans wouldn work 
Monday morning already    I'm sure I didn't sleep last night
@ManuelTheWaiter you just made my Monday worse  I'm gutted.
this Monday is gonna suck. can't sleep again 
Having Monday blues 
Monday morning ... 
Monday morning again 
Monday mornings arghhh 
It's Monday morning and I've over 100 emails to go through - wah hey! 
Monday's come too often 
Monday... 
Monday 
Hectic Monday 
@jelliedrik me too lol Monday has to be the worst day ever 
Monday!!! 
@Orchidflower I'd have thought Monday morning would be a good time for M&amp;S trip as not too busy, but sounds like you're queueing 
Monday...... 
Ugh it's a Monday;   I miss him; but I love him even more;  I pray he realizes;
Why does it have to be Monday? 
Monday morning..7 a.m........0 degrees! nough said 
@NATTEH hey, not much man, its early Monday where I am, work today  how are you and your schooling?
Monday, Monday - not a fun day 
Starbucks then schooll (: last Monday of middle school! 
@porkyosogorjus I hate Monday mornings 
Morning. I'm not sleeping well &amp; I don't know why. I'm not really stressed about anything (at least nothing out of the ordinary). Monday= 
Monday's equal hell 
Monday mornings are gay, u know whats gay-er wearing uniform to school ALL the time 
@PaterickSchmede I wish it lasted until Monday night football 
Yet another Monday 
I'm heading to work...Monday 
I think that Monday's are terrible!! Wish I could have stayed in bed a few more hours 
It's a holiday Monday, and I have no plans, and no company. 
it's Monday 
@Gemfairy24 hope your Monday is going well for you....my hand hurts  love love xxx
getting ready for Monday  where did the weekend go
I can't believe it's already Monday 
@AliciaAb8 sorry sweetie it is Monday all day... 
Getting ready for work Monday blues 
had the perfect start to her Monday...woke up an hour late and sick. 
It's just another rainy Monday 
hates Monday's 
Not ready for Monday or to say goodbye to my mom. 
Ugh... Monday... 
is working her last Monday double..which is kinda sad 
Monday Monday, back to work 
it's Monday...blah 
Rough night  after an awesome weekend, makes for a rough Monday
Monday again already 
It's so hard to go back to work on Monday when you had a 4 day weekend 
Monday Monday Monday  
Oh another Monday.   back to work.
Monday  good news is that its closer to friday which is when i get my ipod back.....YAY life can go on
That was the end of a fantastic Monday 
It's wayyy too early to be awake  happy Monday !
Another fine Monday. 
Monday  sigh...
Monday   Buuuut only three more weeks of school!
I've got a case of the Monday's 
Getting ready for school.  don't you just hate Monday mornings?
tired. not impressed with Monday. 
Monday again  already a hectic start to the week lol... bring on the weekend 
Aw, my last Monday as a Friday   New shift and job starts next Monday
Monday, Monday! 
and what a lovely start to Monday... sick 
so so so sleepy!!!  happy Monday.  three day weekend ahead. please no aftershocks today 
I cant believe its Monday again  
I'm awake. I'm sleepy. It's Monday. I have to be up at 5 am for the next 2 days. 
I hate Monday mornings 
My classes will start next Monday. I don't want to go to school yet. I'm pretty nervous since I'll be with other people next term. 
Staring at my computer . . . it's Monday 
Monday again! 
Monday already!?!  Another long and annoying week ahead. 
A wonderful, sunny, relaxing weekend ruined by Monday morning 
Waking up Monday morning is tough 
is feeling like Monday morning....ugh 
ukh Monday. I don't feel too good 
Ahh Monday! 
Monday.... the worst day ever 
I've finally finished my paper that was due Monday.  but at least it's fine right?
@mcawilliams How about the eve of Monday 8th? I leave on the 9th  But I'll be back, don't you worry!
@106jackfm bank holiday Monday will consist of working for me 
I think my body/mind has the days muddled up - I got that Monday morning feeling 
In absolute agony with my back after playing golf last night. NOT good for my run on Monday - can't walk without sciatic nerve pains 
i need to be on the night shift next week. Any suggestions on how to change my dayshift body clock for Monday 9pm shift next week?!? 
is rather sick of studying..but exams start on Monday 
Bad news comp my not be back till Monday !!  But iam having a photo op later so will post pic asap 
@PenelopeHeart I have to wait until Monday to enjoy the pleasures of on the go tweeting 
@rlara59 like I said won't be a problem after Monday....  
@lisarobbinyoung that's random, Monday at 2 pm?  I'm amazed how blood tests take so long, you would think w/ technology... 
AND I'm dreading Monday's race... I definitely won't be matching my 1 hour 12 mins record again!!!! 
Today my work week starts &amp; working a double on Monday,triple pay,yeah baby!!!No fun this week 4 me  It's all good,we can do it next week
Looks like my computer is not coming back till Monday 
am still stiff from my marathon workout in the garden on Monday...but got my pilates ball and sadly cannot even give it a go! 
@redod How exciting for her! I was telling @hramos on Monday about my participation in a math competition in highschool. That's about it 
@minauderie @oxygen8705 Totally broke is right. I have to wait till Monday to get paid though! BOOHOO! 
@ncremins I could do with another one now myself. was back to work on Monday after being off for 7 weeks  not good.
got back from the embassy; missing one paper  go again on Monday!!!good luck me!!!
@JamAndHoney and it never arrived. have to wait until Monday now 
@abbybradz  Not sure, I think my #revision efforts need to be S2 until Monday.
@lorenatierra I'll be back home on Monday. 
Now I have no SKy until Monday 
@roflcopterfail except the fact that it's been raining since Wednesday, and not supposed to stop till Monday. ew. 
@shesbatty what is I/O psy? I'm taking psy101 starting this Monday, not looking forward to going back to school but  
had best get revising over da weekend got an exam on Monday for 2 hours!!!!!!! 
YES!  I have my e-mail down to one window (most of which are marked for follow-up on Monday).  all the dang paper still here tho 
moved the first load of stuff into @cjloe's garage for storage.. now for round two..   me and guys move into our new place on Monday!
Is regretting the birthday pizza form her boss  Monday after my birthday I will be kicking my butt back into gear and watching my cal more
really really not looking forward to going home on Monday 
I don't want Monday to come 
don't really feel like doing maths though there's a test on Monday 
@laialyq8 hefff...i have to go on Monday also 
: My other simcard crashed  must ask for replacement on Monday...
I'm at 80% of my data plan  I have 2 weeks till my reset - cyas on Monday from work #fb
@RedAntiques it does indeed. But from Monday I will be on nights for 3 months 
is feeling good....school on Monday 
Ugh, i forgot to hand in my lab book, i'll have to hand it in on Monday 
Phone number won't be transfered until Monday.. 
@xkathyxrocksx  nooo! mine needs to get picked up from the post office on Monday...
@nunh Monday aja deh huhuhu gilaa I want to cry 
fourth 12-hour sleep in a row! Hopefully I'll feel better by Monday. 
@EricaTigrett I guess we don't have AH here, can't find it till Monday 
@Ohrio ya we were LOL sukersss!!! We probably do it Monday 
if I could sleep for the rest of the weekend I would. no senior cut day for me on Monday. 
my brother leaves Monday 
Exams on Monday...  
2nd day of three-day weekend spent all the money I had to party on the first day....waiting for work to start up again on Monday. 
@KittyBradshaw   i have to clean&amp;pack b4 Monday.. then I also need to write for this site i work for... im still not off vacation mode 
@Busymama0709 man there's a transmission leak so they said they can't fix it til Monday, and the more I drive it the worse it'll get 
iGot my hair braided on Monday &amp;&amp; it STiLL hurts 
has had theee best holiday but is not looking forward to going back to work on Monday booo 
@LMSzczudlak omg I know! And I love the girl whose dad took her life. Its so sad  hahah so we come back to a clean room on Monday!
I sure can't wait till Monday,, I'm gonna hit the gym hard...tooo much eating..I just had to hv an apple turnover. 
You'll either get this or you won't.  Monday I see an attorney about a divorce--because I just can't take the packrat's mess anymore.  
My bb camera has to get fixed on Monday  FFFFFFFUUUUUU mom
I might be offline for a while  my laptop is broken - I'm looking 2 get it fixed on Monday - be back soon x
needs to be up at silly o'clock again on Monday 
So happy I finished work exp but I am so dreading school on Monday  I have to see her beautiful face. Not a good thing
My birthday is Monday and I am having a terrible weekend!!  
Cable box is shot. Looks like to cable TV until Monday when the tech can come out 
@hasyya Sadly I have to study today  I got two tests, one on Monday and one on Tuesday. Haven't started at all. Haha :p
Noooooooooooooooo! It's gonna rain on Monday, so no pool once again 
@endlessblush only half? poo. and tomorrow is shit-hits-the-fan Monday 
@salbrecht don't know about @danudey, but I'll be in exams until 9pm  But I'll try going up early Monday morning.
@brooksy_c thanks, still not feeling great, gotta go see another dr on Monday, could b ruptured tendon 
Ahh its a lovely day, so happy &amp; relaxed :] ugh work on Monday 
To bed I said ... I hate Monday mornings and that's what I'm facing in a few hours 
Now I have 101.8. This totally stinks! We have 2 youth going on missions Monday and today is their &quot;going away&quot; party at church! 
is bummed tomorrow is Monday 
is off to work. Monday starts on sunday 
Monday blues.. I dont wanna go office tomorrow 
Oh no... Monday is here!!! *screams* Blues... 
@xoxolinzieoxox   2am Monday    sorry, hope you get to watch it.
I hate Sundays - because, strangely enough - they're usually the day before Monday  
taking a short break between making mac &amp; cheese and getting ready for early Monday...up by 5 am!  aaaaaaaargh! out of house by 5:45 
@mexicanablanca I know... I'll give you one on Monday, for now, use one from the book, sorrrryy! 
@day_b Yes it's been a cracking weekend.... hope it continues.... although Monday and work tomorrow 
I am getting Monday blues and don't feel like going to work tom. 
@akr93  actually no I only had bank Monday of to lol
@will9c1 tomorrow is Monday 
I really wish tomorrow wasn't Monday 
is already crying thinking about leaving my baby boy to go back to work Monday...my maternity leave went too fast 
Tomorrows the last Monday of school       {not}
Tomorrows the last Monday of school       [not]
I'm already tired. it 8:30 in the morning on Monday 
Monday  time for work !
Feeling anxious and not quite ready for Monday! 
Monday is soooo quickly coming to an end 
Nervous for Monday morning, I wonder what will be said. He means a stupid amount to me 
tomorrow is Monday, it sucks 
I'm cold  I envy people who don't need to work on a Monday
isn't looking forward to Monday morning 
is back in office &amp; experiencing Monday blues 
Monday mornings blugh 
Off to bed...Monday will come way too early for me. 
Ugh, tomorrow's Monday 
Monday morning...again 
Off to see the wizard, the wonderful....oh, no , wait, it's Monday 
@ExocetAU it's only the first Monday of every month 
Monday morning - latte, reading + sunshine - still wish the working week hadn't started 
ready to face Monday 
damn I thought next Monday was a holiday, but  it's the following Monday, no fair!! 
Monday, ain't even started yet and I'm dead. Why did I agree to work a full week! 
24 Degrees Monday morning don't you love being in work in this weather? 
I am already tired, not physically tired but mentally tired and stressed out. And it's only Monday 
Monday is sucking really bad.... 
Monday morning = headache 
I dont like Monday 
Tough Monday morning today, really not feeling it at all.  I get to start the transition of my projects to colleagues today 
Monday morning: blocked nose, swollen glands and tired  I'm not sure that I have what it takes to run half marathons in the rain...
Monday morning syndrome  Where do I start?!
Monday 
Another Monday over, another netball game to play...but it's soooo cold 
I hate Monday 
I forgot there is no #graze on a Monday morning and I am now very hungry sans breakfast 
Oh Monday morning!  I have a headache 
a non productive Monday 
TOO EARLY! And boo its Monday 
not ready for Monday...and a rainy one at that! 
wow does Monday morning come way to fast when your enjoying the weekend 
It's back to work Monday........  
Monday....  wishing I was pool side w/ my ladies workin' on my tan!
Monday morning 
Ughhhhhh Monday mornings 
Its Monday and I'm back at work!! 
Monday....................... 
Is hoping this is not an indication of the way my Monday is going to be 
Its Monday...back to classes 
ohhh Monday 
Getting ready to go to work... Uffff another Monday 
Monday   but I'm going to texas roadhouse today! I've been waiting for this since december!
Yesir it's Monday folks 
Monday came too quick 
Monday morning. So NOT my favorite time of the week.  
Really not happy it's Monday 
@mrsjmbj employee discount has been discontinued as of last Monday due to the economy 
I'm usually very good about rebooting my PC every Monday morning before starting work. I didn't today and I paid the price. 
Miserable rainy Monday 
Morning all.  It's Monday. 
Monday morning staff meeting 
Monday mornings are always awful.  I just want to sleep. 
Not feeling well this Monday morning 
Monday shmonday...blahhh long week ahead 
Monday morning and it's raining 
it's 8:16 on a Monday morning, my brain is fried/garbage, and I have no idea why 
is @ work   Monday.... Monday... Blue Monday!!
@VeronicaEbie ok its Monday so...i think i gained 2 lbs  damnit! how was ur food intake? mine wasnt that great yesterday..
thanks my gf for the wonderful birthday weekend plans...and wishes that they didn't end so soon   on to Monday now...
Monday why must u be like that, why must u feel like crap.... Ain't nuthing but the Monday in me 
Ugh it's Monday.. 
Always too many tweets to catch up on Monday mornin'  
Monday again already 
had a really fun weekend- too bad it's Monday 
well its Monday time to actually do some work :-/ i hope my baby has a safe wonderful day..as for me work sucks I wish i was on vacation 
getting a speeding ticket on my way to work is not how I like to start a Monday! 
What a great Monday morning...at work but can't do a thing cuz my stuff won't work. How lovely 
Has a case of the Monday's 
And now it's Monday after a good long weekend... family, weddings, chicago, sweetness victory, gelato, swollen foot 
8:30 class  can't wait for summer to start after Monday!
Monday, Monday, Monday...  
ugh...  Monday  
Monday of what will surely b a long week.  Back to work on Wednesday.
I'm sooooo tired!!! I can't believe it's already Monday! I hope this day goes by quickly so I can go back to bed. 
has much work to do today, and little motivation to dive in.  Monday 
@warrquiet I feel you on this! I have the Monday's too  lol
Monday already?? 
back for more fun @ work on a Monday. yeah  
It's Monday, my body feels it's on vacation,  emails overflow. There is lots of work! And I lost my glasses! It's going to be a long day 
Ugh Monday mornings 
Working on a real nice Monday morning tension headache 
Monday mornings  But it'll be a great week and weekend!
Monday.... enough said. 
It's Monday 
bought some @tillamookCheese to eat for lunch and then left it at home!?! Monday and I are NOT friends 
@tulz22 You know what's worse than a hangover? A hangover on Monday 
I hope everyone hates working on their birthday - especially when its on a Monday - it sucks! 
Monday  work and school
Another Monday - yea! Not really. 
Monday mornings r always a drag 
TLAReleasing  I've only been in the office for a little more then two hours, and I want to leave. Not my best Monday.... 
Ssssssss... that's the sound of my Monday sucking!  
@WardenSeven LOL I forgot about Monday, only remembered because I have to start paying bills today  I wish I was still in bed!
I've got a case of the Monday's.  
Late Monday study session in progress 
Monday show cancelled, camera troubles 
bus... home... sleep... in that order!  too tired for this to only be Monday 
What a long Monday! 
Missing my Monday geek farm life podcast 
@7ways owh thanks! hopefully i can be there seems it's still Monday 
Waow, I know it's only Monday, but this is by far the worst week ever.  &amp; I think I'm getting a sore throatie, to top it off. 
@MissLilyN What your sayin is when everyone goes back to work on Monday your off ..some of us work the weekend &amp; Monday 
my heavenly weekend bubble was popped by a thing called Monday 
I completely forgot today was Monday! I missed my rasslin 
What a difference a week makes. Last Monday best round of golf ever, yesterday back to normal 
Public Holidays on a Monday suck when you don't work Mondays to begin with 
@darealtyson just a bunch of bullshit. Monday revisited 
@Keryje Monday morning, had left french doors open, walked into living room to find cat chewing on a wee birdy 
@KaveyF I've never been. I attempted to but it was closed, bank holiday Monday 
@sophieroberts1 ASOS say 2-3 days, i ordered on Monday and was hoping I'd get them today, they've not even been dispatched 
@FuchsiaStiletto was u on Monday maan?  every1 came, it was sick, mi did kill it still lol, it went dwn dope, loved it, nuff ppl were der
The good weather is over  max temp supposed to drop to 12 degrees by Monday.
good morning! &amp; i thought only Monday would be busy.... haven't got to tweet as often  .. what's new tworld??? I wanna know!
No more school until Monday yay except there is bad weather on the way 
@ForsakenDAemon wait, no that's not right. you hadn't RSVPd  by Monday night, I don't hav a ticket for you 
@bestdaeever same here, this summer has been madd wack so far... I'm at work as we type lol my next day off is Monday  u???
Holidays are over at Monday...then I have to go to school again ... this is bullshit...I hate the teachers...but I have to go to school 
My baby arrives on Monday alas  #fb
@grantmichaels Travelling aboot.. not going to be on much till Monday 
so far so good I'm going back to work on Monday now i hope my employer don't push me to hard on my first week  
I am so annoyed because my computer won't be back till Monday! 
@bloodandguts Dude, I'm so bummed you can't practice, sorta kills my evening to. Monday is like another century away 
@beckym1985 oooh &amp; least its a nice summery colour.....woulda goen nice with your dress on Monday :] booooo 
I hope the Dutch lady at work isn't a cricket fan. Monday could be interesting and not in a good way 
@ElyseExposito yikes!!  sorry   Monday it is!
needs to know now!! Monday is too far away 
filed an insurance claim for my phone..and found out that I won't have a phone until Monday 
@RobDockerty sorry dude. been busy. finals week starts on Monday. I shouldn't even be on here right now 
@kickit_oldskool  So was I! I was looking for it on youtube and never founded it  I might watch it on Monday.. Haha yeah, it looks fun..
Someone cheer me up, I wanna and need to do so many things but I can't until Monday 
I don't want to go to the dentist on Monday! 
at garage with S. thinking how typical it is that the nice weather has gone away for the weekend. should be back Monday! 
nothing like lying on the beach... if only I didn't have to work on Monday 
The weather makes me feel so sleepy..I want to go out since Monday but the weather is stopping me... 
last day on set    then Monday I meet the governor at the screening! :-D
@libraritarian59 I'll listen Monday...just couldn't this morning. 
has a clean car... and is about to have no car till Monday... gotta take it to kauffman tire and have stuff done so no freedom tomorrow 
Oh boy, I spent but just 6 hours in jersey city and I got home feeling sick. I have convertion to go to on Monday and must get well fast 
well this sux i prepared a project for a class never got the chance to present it and now i have to make another one b4 Monday 
just got home from duo @carlinedarjanto and @riasarwono bday dinner including '*little farewell* to @riasarwono. She will fly on Monday. 
@stevecs computer says no  I will have a look on Monday
@Nodren Monday called. They asked for maths study 
@Lisendral  definitely Monday.
Rabbit's eye infection has got worse. He's going to the vet on Monday, would be surprised if he comes back with that eye 
Monday morning is coming a day early as I am working tomorrow 
Last day of off time  going to hang out with some friends and get ready for the getting a crow thing on Monday.
@jackgreenleaf aw feel better  the doctors don't know what I have, going back on Monday if I'm still not better.
Ahh ive too much drama in my life !!! I REALLY REALLY dont want ti go back to school on Monday !!    im gonna go to sleep now its 12:30
Off until Monday...not going to relax too much..have a ton of laundry to get done 
Is done studying...tmrw a nice easy day to get ready for a trying Monday 
I'm tired I need to go home zoo. I miss my friends and boyfriend  I go home Monday
I MISS U!!! my dear friend  @vanessasaavedra  At last I will see you on Monday!!
starting work on Monday, no more bumming around all day 
one last day of &quot;freedom&quot;...start my new job Monday...real nervous!! 
@patlaw few more hours before Monday sets in 
@kerridanrocks i'm pretty booked til I fly out Monday morn.  next time!
Candles - Hey Monday 
@shenheng yap! wait for Monday! i'm rethinking again... i seriously fail at touchscreen qwerty 
Monday approaching 
doesn't want Monday to come 
is working on human anatomy and studying for the test on Monday 
@kevinbaby r u n ang seriously going to the pre show at the this providence/hey Monday show? I'm sooo jealous. 
@drewtalkstl I'm out of town  I leave Monday for orientation eek
sighs because Monday is half an hour away 
ready for work tmr..hate Monday anyway. 
@MsLaudanum unless you have to travel in order to get to an early meet   Monday then you fall asleep on the train instead 
Last week of work - will be unemployed a week on Monday  need to find a job asap
@tnysmth yea but his meet is at 5pm on Monday over an hour from my house, can't make it because of work 
can't believe it's Monday again... 
Today is a beautiful day for accessorizing a new car.. Too bad i won't have it until Monday. 
Feeling rough  but business as usual , us mums are not allowed to be unwell. Weekends flown by and Monday looms 
@Tales I hope so too. But I seriously doubt it somehow. I can't recall getting packages on a Monday either  Humpf
Monday again 
says it's Monday again..............  http://plurk.com/p/z6bj0
Monday blue~ I'm back in my office 
What a great day...bike &amp; hike for heart and another comeback win at softball...sweet...just sucks tomorrow is Monday already!  
omg tomorrow is Monday again!!! 
Monday is coming 
Not a good thing to start my Monday... I lost my glasses 
Monday blue... 
done studying for the night, doesnt want Monday 
Srsly. It's almost Monday again? 
Just went to http://blog.limkitsiang.com/. So sad to read such news on a Monday morning... 
Going to bed...have to prepare my mind for Monday at work and no 24 afterwards 
I hate that Monday is only an hour away  The weekends always go by so fast!!
can I say I think I watched too much tv today? also, why does tomorrow have to be Monday, again? 
Monday came way to fast this week  So much to do and so little time.
Ughhhh why is tomorrow Monday? 
is not ready for tomorrow to be Monday!  
What's up my loves talk 2 me!!! I can't believe tomorrow is Monday ugh! 
ugh... its already gonna be Monday again tmrw... boo for mondays 
last late start Monday of the year tomorrow. 
I have a lot of work to do today!! It's just another manic Monday! 
Every Monday I start my countdown to the weekends 
Monday morning exams such, ruined my sleeping patten 
getting ready for , another Monday 
Monday morning already then 
aaah.. Monday morning again 
That can't be a Monday again, didn't we have one just last week? There are too many Monday's in this world  #Monday
I cannot believe its Monday already  had such a bad sleep lastnite, so tired 
Dreading Monday but it's so very close... 
I really hate Monday  
Another Monday 
Is wondering why Monday's come round so fast 
thinking how to face things... it's Monday 
@WGyubin it's a rainy Monday here in the Philippines... 
oh, dear. Monday morning blues... Not feeling too good 
@darker_artic Monday mornings are the absolute pits 
Monday morning nooooo! I don't wanna go work. I don't wanna go work!!! 
It's sad, but Monday seems to win again. No motivation at all 
It's Monday 
Wishing it wasn't already Monday. I still have so much to do. 
Monday morning again  The weekends seem to disappear too quickly. Trying to get motivated to go to work, but it's going to be difficult.
Monday morning again  The weekends seem to disappear too quickly. Trying to get motivated to go to work, but it's going to be difficult.
public holiday tomorrow; makes this Monday very hard to get through esp with a cold 
Is it really Monday already?  
Monday  again
Things don't bode 2 well when yr computer crashes 1st thing on a Monday 
ouch. so tired. massive headache. Monday again. 
Mondya morning blues after a mad busy working weekend. so is it realy Monday 
Morning tweeps I don't like Monday one bit! 
another rainy Monday morning 
can't believe it's Monday morning - yuk! 5 whole days until the weekend 
Spending my Monday revising for a Statistic exam tomorrow 
Monday again 
Monday morning coming down 
Monday, work, and tomoz is a public holiday... why didn't I take this day off for a long weekend? 
I am so resisting the fact that it's a Monday and I have work in a few hours.  
Waiting for my son to bring me myspare car keys, as I have locked myself out of my car - Monday b***** Monday 
Monday Monday  still a good sale in the first hour has lessened the depression slightly
Monday evening... too much worry for such a normal thing...fix my teeth 
It is Monday again!!! 
Monday feels like it is moving in slow motion 
It's Monday again and back to work 
Waiting for 7pm before i can go home. Monday is color coding day for me 
It's Monday already? 
ughhhh...Monday already!?! 
secondly, Uggghhh it's a Monday morning 
up waaaayyy too early on a Monday morning 
Raining Monday mornings suck. 
@PeteMatthew pfft no you appear to be right - Monday sucks again 
Monday morning - got the whole week ahead before the next weekend 
@margoks Probably, but they're on quarantine till Monday next week. Then doctor to test. 
had a stressful Monday at the office... 
Is wondering what happened to the weekend?!? It's Monday already 
Monday is living up to its reputation  I think I will go to a talk about openstreetmap project tonight http://tinyurl.com/lpk6os
awww, Monday 
Ughhhh Monday  4 more days! 
Monday morning . 
Monday 
@chicagored77 hey sweetie!! Monday again 
...another tired Monday morning 
WOW, it's Monday again     gOoD mOrNiNg EvErY1!!!!!
burrowing under the covers. Monday go away!! really not ready for you yet! 
It's Monday morning and u have 5 more days for the weekend!!! 
yea...Monday.. 
Monday is the root of all evil, what a way to spend 1/7th of your life! I guess u rate your weekend on how much u hate Mondays 
Eventhough I'm thankful to have a job in this economy... Is it okay for a grown man to cry first thing in the morning? Yay Monday!!  
Monday is here   I guess it can be fun all the time.
Bad Monday and I am only 20 min in to the day! 
Heading out to work! It's Monday again. 
It's Monday already?!?!?! Nnnnnnoooooooo!!!!!! 
Monday 
is it Monday already? ugh 
was really p-o'd when I woke up this morning and realized it was Monday 
Good morning my pepules !!!! Monday blues!!  the work week should start on Tuesday not Monday.
its Monday! lol!  ugh it took me forever to get my extensions out yesterday! 
Monday again?! Boooooooo! 
Hey Guys what can I say I'ts Monday and th rest is AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH 
Monday  not ready for it!
Seriously, it's Monday again 
What a great weekend!!! Now back to stupid Monday mornings 
http://twitpic.com/7gmoh - ...and just like that, Monday begins.  
Monday is like the guy you didn't invite to the party because he's a buzzkill, but he shows up anyways. 
@modernpest It is a Monday 
Monday               _11 more days &lt;3
Monday morning and no coffee again. What's up with these coffee machines? 
Monday means back to work 
Getting ready for my J.O.B and has the major case of the Monday blues 
another Monday and it so gray!   I guess yesterday was our summer.
At work  on a early Monday !
Another Monday without 24  But I am re-watching S7 on blu-ray. It's even better the 2nd time!
Ugh! It's Monday  back to work...
where has the weekend gone??? now it's Monday and my brain is aching 
Ugggh Monday again 
Monday... enough said 
Its @Monday_ and i am trying to get ready to go into the office for a very long day....oh and my stinkin shirt is not dry yet 
working..... it going to be a long Monday 
Ugghhh..It's Monday 
Its definitly Monday! 
Monday already 
@jennyvier That sounds awful  And it would be Monday to boot  
Is waking up to another Monday 
@MikeBrendan sorry you lost your job.  but yay to severance packages and being home on a Monday!
Today is my last official Monday of being 31!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Monday morning sucks.... 
and just like that, it's Monday again. 
Monday,,,,,the un-fun day.  
Such a confusing Monday so far.  Trying to concentrate but really need a do-over on the whole dang morning 
@Thandis smart me the interview, is on Monday 22nd, waste of my bus tokens actually one coz i walked back to the house from the place 
Another Monday morning 
had a crazy ass weekend but it was fun. just hate spending my Monday cleaning up the mess 
in need of a bevie after work I think, what a Monday 
@sedwards182 Out until Monday-broken bone in foot 
It is really feeling like a Monday. I miss being able to go out and play 
its Monday, school tonight  lol
I'm not having a very good Monday... 
Yippieee.....work is done for Monday at least... off 2 school 
@Ealmonte especially now that you'll have plenty of time to travel   CANNOT wait for next Monday, we're going to be back in action! lol
I love Monday afternoons - wish it were warmer to swim! 
Yes, Tired as well... Monday is typically a rough day for some reason 
@azpunster Thanks! me 2. It's killing me right now   How did your Monday go? It's 4, so I pretty much consider the working day over.
It's back to work Monday 
So much to do - so little time    At least Monday is over!  And humpday is just around the corner!
This Monday will not end 
Motherfucking Monday.......nights. 
Maybe it wasn't so good to try to cut back on caffeine the day I didn't get much sleep, and a Monday to boot. Massive headache now. 
has the Monday blues 
is sitting at home with my two dogs on Monday night.... the whole week to go 
 but at least Monday's over #squarespace
Is looking forward to the weekend!!! To bad it is only Monday 
It's only Monday 
@danyocummings damn. I wanna go to orange tree after work.. too bad its Monday 
My week starts today, Wade_O you are right Monday is evil even though it was a holiday for me that just means that today is my Monday. 
ah the good old Monday blues I'm not even back at work and i have them 
Next Monday's 14:00 appointment turned up at 13:30 today 
not a good start to the day...feels like a Monday 
@mike_thomas oh man, I can not wait! I just hope I can stay awake. I'm getting too old for Monday night concerts 
note to self Monday is not the day to stay up late drinking 
@hopmodels Today lol... I got it late.. like literally yesterday evening. And the shoot is Monday. 
@elysion32 ah good for you, its Monday for me  but I'm hoping for a good one
@Domestic_jules the 10th?! You lucky lucky girl! We don't finish til about the 23rd? Or the Monday of that week anyway 
I won't have my serger until Monday now...    one of the loopers needs to be replaced.  I have lots of fabulous tulle and can't make tutus
... I have to deal with this phone till Monday.. And I don't have anyones number. No iphone also means no tweets  http://yfrog.com/5fujej
had a lovely time in the park with alan and other's will be sad on Monday when they go  tweet  x
It's cold and it feels like Monday 
@damita it's on Monday, so it's not too bad, but it's basically a knowledge exam and I have to know all that bull by heart 
@MegalomanicJ nope. On Monday pa 
@neufusdmurder already placed my order on Monday 
Oh my gosh I still can't move well at all..I guess I went too hard Monday lol..I'm so sad cause I was lookin forward to beastin out here 
@maeread, just saw your tweet from Monday  I'm happy Monday was looking a bit up! btw, uncanny, I need to organize 687 emails!
@hllywoodhaley haha I know. I was all freaked out untill I read about it!! still have to wait till Monday anyways 
#Glasto question.. how long does it normally take to escape on the Monday? I now have to be somewhere on the Monday afternoon 
well now hopefully this place will work out and i really really wish i had more time instead of having to call in today... and on Monday 
is hurting so bad in my face cause I just had my wisdom teeth removed Monday 
comics prolly gonna update Monday since my girlfriend will be leaving town for a week soon. 
is in a boot  severe sprained ankle... trying to rest up &amp; let it heal for nationals that start on Monday
3.07  but summer school on Monday  at liberty.. I'm not gonna lie, I'm kind of scared lol
exam Monday 
oops  I meant Monday 6/22...
Ugh rain, left cindy gomez and the street car took so long I was late for school  almost done, just the exam left on Monday.
Realised in the shower that I haven't seen my little brother awake since Monday evening. He's in the next room sleeping 
I'm going to have another exam on Monday next week. 
I got to hang out with the gf today for a couple hours. It was nice I probably won't be able to till Monday  well time to sleep...
@dizzyfeet I know the feeling.  I just had a herniated disc removed on Monday. I dance and live in N.O. but won't be at auditions either. 
@Cindylooser haha I am awesome I know but don't worry I will be back Monday 
up and out...school then nothing....yay...done with work til Monday...ona side note...i have a serious cold... 
damm I dnt feel like goin to work... I hve no choice I didn't go on Monday!!!   shower time
revising for English exam on Monday 
Started to rain here again   We have had a 1 day break after over 5 inches of rain on Monday and Tuesday.
Not looking forward to work...lots and lots of unpacking for Monday's start.  my poor back
@DontBeASkeptik let me know what happens I gotta go Monday 
@jackyrox moms took them to your neck of the ghetto today  wont be back until Monday.
i don't know why i'm doin my nails come Monday i'll be gettin back on my tractor i know they're gonna all break they always do 
@indigorighter I'm sure the bad dream was just my subconscious being a brat. But oh, yeah, my co-worker can't cover Monday now 
@DannyD15 ohh no not yet I get out Monday  but it's still close! lol
@JaysinHorror I wouldn't if I were you. No Monday the 29th.  &lt;/3
im roommateless until Monday 
@kentwalls but it feels like seattle with all this rain  and gonna be raining till Monday
ohhh I am so tired of being cooped up in this house! I'll be here until Monday 
Being sick sucks  summer school this Monday T_T
We do not have any air at the studio, they had to order a part.  I can meet for gift certificates but not for massages until after Monday 
@GDGOfficial seriously, I want to come see you on Monday, but due to the economy, I am broke  So..what do you say..
tomorrow is Monday 
@JesseW84 taking summer class starts Monday 
Going to study for exam on Monday today!  http://myloc.me/4peq
just finished packing the stuff for Monday book in.  now sweating like crazy 
@rususfe3 yeah today's my Monday.  
@FifthAveFame how did you guess rehab for me starts Monday @bnichole8 shud join me but 1 of us gotta tweet crazy almost 10k tweets  :-/
@MoreLikeMelissa we leave Monday  I am for sure going to wait until the last minute to pack
Dammmmmm got college again on Monday... i've grow used to this life of non-stop &quot;chilling&quot;... 
awwww........ classes starts on Monday  buh-bye summer!!!!!!  uwaaaaaaah......!
This wud b the 1st tym in ma life wen even b4 d weekend starts I wud b waiting for Monday! 
writing down my to do list for today... so many things so little time  i guess some things will have to wait until Monday
Up early mad dnt feel to good  bout to go to sleep til Monday LOL jk wish that'll b the best sleep ever n the mean time lifetime time
Bubbly is in the keg - still no bottles  They are due to arrive Monday/Tuesday ... have Monday off so fingers crossed!
Enjoying the last day of vacation...back to work on Monday ugh 
No presentation today  pushed back to Monday instead. Gives me more time to gather more intel though. @GonziAida robots have feelings too.
left my cellphone at the office then realised I'm not going to the office on Monday 
ohhh and it say the art contest is over on Monday  so i better hurry on my pic!!!
@aliballibee  That was a great phone call earlier... (not!) I now don't have a job and my last day at work is Monday 
The weekend is here...no more work (at least until Monday.     )
@Bookfoolery I'm not back yet  I'm tweetimg from my phone :p hoping my mac comes back today though! Monday at the latest
Apparently doggie warts are like chicken pox - going to get them taken off Monday so I can be around other dogs again 
The end of the week is approaching, my heaven days are over my boss returns on Monday 
I have a dental appointment on Monday - so no prospect of a good weekend  I'm easing up on painkillers to try to blitz the pain overnight
@barbaralous I have some made up so it will ship first thing Monday, if you do...I hope you feel better, either way, babe  - M
Dying at work.can't see my doctor til Monday what the eff!!  I'm wearing a mask at work.lol
UGH! I just want a job. I have an interview Monday. I'm so frustrated 
My street did NOT get paved. That means we have to carry the boxes and furniture down to the end of the street on Monday. 
Computer shop was closed.  No new hard drive for me right away. I'll wait til Monday...
it looks like my internet is going to be down till Monday 
about to go read a book... and maybe study exams on Monday  then done school 
In vegas til Monday, like I said before, but I really miss my bf alot! 
My girl went to cheer camp till Monday 
One of the worst points of my life begins Monday 
sitting here wishing it was Monday so that i can SEE my hubs again  it's been a crazy few weeks w/ his work schedule...sigh...
Weekend gone in case studies, projects and readings. Monday  9:00 am to 5:45 pm classes... Is this life?? 
awts... i guess ultrasnow's released will be on Monday.. the dev team needs to fix the bug over the weekend... that is sooo saad huhuhuhu 
My wisdom tooth hurts so bad.  Monday at noon can't get here soon enough.
Monday night's get-together with a girl has been postponed by her. 
starts summer school Monday 
Monday have to go work early 
@MakerOfShadows grr not today. No mail tomorrow so I'll get it on Monday 
Monday nights performance is coming up and my dress is still not done yet  hurry up guyz.
I don't know of anyone who has flunked his parking test. I might be the first one on Monday 
I have Speeches on Monday.....I am first up  ........and I have not started writing it yet.
Not looking forward to work experience on Monday 
Feeling glum. Missing hubby and rehoming our cat on Monday - just got his travel box out   eating cheese on toast as comfort food
I'm wearing clothes for the first time since Monday, I miss my trackies 
Still at work  This entire week has felt like an extremely long and awful Monday!
funeral Monday  hope your peaceful fella. x x x
@nerdopedia I'm gonna miss you on Monday... 
I really wish I could go for a run, but I think my ankle (which I sprained on Monday) is still a little bit too busted up. 
Finally a full weekend of good weather nd I gotta close today and tomorrow and prolly Monday too 
No phone....gonna try again on Monday 
At my house with @Megzakarockstar about to study some shit for school. Graduation on Monday 
@ronda21080 I'll be completely broke after Monday 
@snedders43  I'm about to attack several beers... got a call late last night telling me my last day is Monday! 
Is not happy for Monday. I like him sooo much 
Going to the animal hosp to visit rooby, they are keeping her over the weekend  hopefully she'll be home Monday!
oh for fucks sake... can't get a new bank card until Monday now. I have ALL the luck this summer 
@LawanaFL  I will be working three shifts between now and Monday morning starting this evening  
@JohnNoonan One of my friends bought it and didn't like it. They are out of town until Monday though 
@hasmathair so Monday is the last day I'm going to see you until august. That sucks. 
@courtneyjonas18 I want to go swimming &amp; we didn't even know it was nice while we sat in the house  Monday?
Is it Monday yet? *sigh* 
I. HAVE. CRAMPS.  I will be sleeping till Monday....  
@eurini ........I've like these past 5 years. I'm gonna hate Monday 
@natalieox good ta, worried about school on Monday coz I will get exam results back  xx
Even tho i'm on antibiotics, the sinus infection came back with a vengence. The pain is horrid &amp; I can't go the dr until Monday.   
@tinadrosch nooo  Monday is my last day but I have a huge final 
Monday, get here. 
I dont want Monday to come 
Just tried replacing @elliotjames drum sticks with loofas during candles, the hey Monday crew is quick 
@linkaxo I'm gonna miss you oodles on Monday, nobody will understand when I sit on the floor and cry 
@sexysexyaha lol awwwww how cute! I start summer school on Monday 
I'm actually a work right now haha it's good. I start summer school on Monday though 
Monday again. =P no internet browsing on weekdays. wth. 
@FANGSY7 It always goes too fast  I wish Monday was part of the weekend
can't wait til tmr Monday night raw ! F***ing right ! ha ha ! also bored  not usually up this early !
Monday tomorrow 
Wishes it was Monday 
Why is it Monday tomorrow? 
I'm homeeeeeeeee..... few more hours to Monday 
@mattgarner  i like nothing better on a Monday morning then moving heavily stuff  such as  60&quot; tvs 
I wish it was Monday... 
garh tomorrow's Monday again ! 
I am not waiting for Monday 
terrible weekend... tomarrow is Monday 
Is recovering nicely from those horrible drinks. What a surprise, just in time for work on Monday. 
the weekend  has gone by in a blur; and i can see Monday peeping smirkingly from the corner 
Oh no, it's Monday again.  #fb
@ellyoracle Ok cool. I'll be coming up Monday night now, I think, or verrry early Tuesday morning. What if I cant camp til weds tho..?  !!
can't wait for Monday, wanna see u now!.. miss u honey! 
blue Monday recently i only too often use this face mark 
@ruby LOL its not my language too but wut can u do | see u Monday 
@RUBYxx12  LOL its not my language too but wut can u do | see u Monday 
The dumb kids ate all of the ice cream  no sundae Monday for me
Its Monday! 
wants the weekend to be here already....even though it's Monday! 
@mikenguyen84 i lek pofrgtting about this @Japayuki part lol. i miss Hunters on a Monday 
wait...it's Monday?  crap 
Finally home from work...It was a looong day!! And it's only Monday 
sigh.. I have over 60 people to call back today. Thats what happens when you take sick on a Monday 
@_shannytaygans starting next Monday I've got work again 
@courtneyburger ya I have a final 145-345  but then I'm done forever! Until Monday 
@sylvia1505 oh I wish u were here to go shopping with me today, have to bloody wait for Monday 
Monday : my b-day!  spent 5hrs. renewing my driver's license.  should've delayed or advanced it instead.  hated long lines. 
Wow. It feels like a Monday. 
@CourtneyCaray I love real musik mondays... I'm sad we missed Monday though man 
Trophies won't be done until Monday?!?  
@MrLEdge on the dole now  got to sign on on Monday
Figuring out twitter and reading the stuff I have to write an essay on (due Monday    )
@joem500 on Monday! I have chills now that you reminded me 
@justinmccall only til Monday  its not a pleasure trip, am going to family funeral. @darwinshome
I have summer school on Monday. Woopdie doo for me! 
@morganoj I miss you too! I want to see Transformers with you next Monday, but I've still at school. 
All of you please forgive me  I love ya and will get it done Monday, I swear!!!
First final today. Then bye bye jeep til Monday or Tuesday 
has to go back to his #squarespace on Monday 
@flippin_insane I forgot that I have an org event on Monday, ugh I don't think I can go.  What time manonood?
@scribodelidae My sympathies that it's your Monday 
iPhone 3GS not coming till Monday!!!! booooooo 
@NippleCTC I must first do laundry, than study..  I can't wait till Monday is over
A friend feels like a beer on a Monday night. That's never good. But beer is always good. Always. 
@maxandcats there was an avvie of me but this is bunny week! my pic returns on Monday 
bars on Monday = awesome.  
@djlogansama Ugh. That first 'now' should be a 'know'. It's your fault for making me stay up late on a Monday 
Just been going through the forums answered alot of question's and found out what I need to put in Monday's blog post 
@thespunkyone  nah, its supposed to be 80 on Monday 
My weekend drinking started on Monday so it's all messed up now but I think I'll bring my flask out tonight 
we're going to disneyland on Monday, did you get my text?  @venusflesh
I love my camera!! I'll have a huge-oh post come Monday  flickr will be pleased
@xoreds13 LOL. I got them for Monday!!! 
@janesavoie Looking forward to Monday, big time 
@heather_5 haha. We will tell you on Monday. 
Needs to get my sleeping pattern back to normal. Even though college doesnt start til next Monday 
A Monday full of meetings, not good when you're trying to catch up after two weeks off, never mind, soon be 6pm and G&amp;T time 
How to psyche your employees out: wish them a good weekend as they leave on Monday evening 
hands up if you love the sum on a Monday morning..i'm happy 
Phone bill, TV licence, council tax, credit card bill... happy Monday morning everybody... it is sunny though 
Monday is going to be a good day  &quot;If you dream it you can do it&quot;
@aussie_ali Pretty good as Monday's go   How was yours?
I love early Monday planning sessions.  I know.  That makes me even more of a freak than you thought.  I can deal.  
@davidspruell have a happy Monday 
ugh Monday is here already! And it's a rainy one too! Just have to make the best of it, maybe go play in the puddles at lunch time 
Long day of meetings.  Have a fabulous Monday and I will check in as I can!  
@jtalia Monday was named for the moon (noonday). The moon is ever changing so it seems you're right not to trust it! 
Monday morning... WAAYYYY too early to be up and working... especially when I worked the weekend.. 2 days left then off for 1.. 
it's Monday...doing the school thing all day and then my 2nd ever trapeze class 
@mrrichardson Doing pretty well despite it being Monday  I could have used another 3-day weekend!
@netvalar @DarkPiano @silixell @jojova @HypnoticYogi @dpbeltran thanks for passing on the words... some early Monday stuff to ponder 
It's Monday morning and I'm thinking about a hazelnut latte.  The house is quiet, only the sound of my sleeping family, and dog snoring 
It's Monday which means DWTS and I get to see it live and in person tonight! 
Monday worst day for birthday ever, but looking forward to present, dinner &amp; cinema later 
enjoy a free class Monday 
I like Monday's when I'm not working. 
ok - now in the middle of no-where till Monday 
@heycassadee omgosh your like an amazing singer / song writer ! Like ima huge hey Monday fan now  have a great weekend !
@brianjking I'll post it sometime Monday as I'm planning nothing but the beach this weekend 
already looking forward to the return of the @GeorgeLambShow on #BBCRadio6 Monday - give it a try 
omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomggggggg I can't wait for Monday 
 my birthday is on Monday 
Fine arts all day today, then homegroup, then no a school Monday so do some more fine arts 
keep forgetting that tomorrow is a Monday // I need chocolate (again) // @madvil ????? ?? ??????; 
@Juniesgurl Monday Monday!    Hang in there!
@shiyingl typical Monday 
Isn't it Monday yet??? I love Mondays!!! 
Wow, crazy weekend.  I need a Monday to catch my breath. 
Working hard on a Monday afternoon 
Working from home on a Monday again. I could get used to this I reckon 
thankfully i'm not as important as @peichyi to get so many emails on Monday. @TheBackpackr sounds like you have an interesting boss 
chick fil-a buffalo sauce on my grilled cheese sandwich at 2 in the morning is a beautiful way to start off a Monday. 
Since it is Monday I may finally say it now: if all goes well I'm going to be an aunt in November!!!     
Monday is here, One more day 
Monday morning bathing - soooo relaxing! If I was a lady of luxury I would start every day like this 
Monday morning lying in bed instead of working is great, more bank holidays required 
Monday morning  Lots to go out.. just waiting for a mate to add a style to my table and im set 
its Monday and all is good 
Monday blues? Not today, not for me. 
is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed for a Monday evening...  oh wait..  that's just wine before dinner...  
Not only has it broken but it's Monday!!Does this mean Monday can be fix'd?  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgio
@nptnmkiii so many rules - you expect people to be human and have a pic.  pfft.    good morning.  welcome to another Monday.
bout to go to bed... pretty good day for a Monday. 
@jeffsonstein Me too, because Monday is end of weekend. But, we cannot escape it, so I wish you have a good week 
My Monday has been going extremely well. Not what I expected at all! 
Early Monday,great  Rainy Monday,not so great :|
&quot;I don't like Monday, i wish it were sunday, cause that's my fun day.&quot;  that was my freaking jam when i was little.   i miss it.  
Hey there! It's a glorious morning! Monday's animation mode: ON! 
@wendytgibson  happy Monday!
Monday mornings couldn't exist if it weren't for some hot tea. 
@MadHat76 Or maybe I joined you in denial. Either way, it's the best way to deal with Monday. 
Wow, can't believe Monday is here again already. I hope everyone is well today 
good morning  tis a rainy Monday morning...blahhh!
@marcmawhinney We've never heard anyone say they like doing ANYTHING on Monday mornings! You must have had an early cup of coffee or two 
i cant believes its already Monday, the weekend went by soooo fast, keeping my fingers crossed that will too 
Man, Monday sucks. What I wouldn't give to be a rich beach bum, diving in a tropical lagoon every day, eating fresh fruit and fish...ahhh 
@strawfoot @markn @johnhalton No, seriously you guys, I /wanted/ to kick Monday off with #starwarswithaddedpants spam.  Really 
@acummings I am ecstatic client can do a deed in lieu of ...so Monday I will take my sign &amp; lockbox off happy another satisfied client 
@StorySeeker lol...but they aren't here! I'll tell them to do that Monday. lol 
Next week is gonna be awesome!!  Monday til Wednesday at least, we'll see if I'll be able to make sth out of the rest... *g*
@christirush total buzzkill with the Monday lingo...  
had a great weekend! not ready for Monday though! 
what a great random weekend....dirt bike ride  mt bike ride   gardening, clean house, and lots of fun  sad tomorrow is Monday.
@chelsea_playboy you'll have to steal a TV next Monday  I know a dude who sells TVs out the back of his van if you want his #. lol jks.
I get paid on Monday.. which means I'll get a new phone next week. 
exercised today!!!  // I miss my happy place. Buti nalang Monday na sa Monday!!! 
not long now till my new apartment and start new job on Monday 
@widdernixclown  my email was not working properly last night... Monday!!
@amyyfrantz I assume that I am receiving one.  I'll be back on Monday!
great weekend, just brilliant. can't wait to start my internship on Monday now!! 
This accounting unit sure is dry... good thing Monday's a holiday, so I have an extra day to do the assignment  (last one, w00t!). 
Hey Monday is my new 'obsession' 
@IngeniouslyPrim girl I am thinking about a new tat too! We will discuss on Monday 
@nahnah513 I'm going to start it on Monday 
no lake today.  how sad. graduation tomorrow... picking out paint colors on Monday!!! 
I'm so confused! I woke up at 5:00; realized I had forgotten to set my alarm; jumped out of bed; shaved; then it hit me. It isn't Monday. 
@smsm1 Ah ok; the speed Monday's edits appeared gave me a false expectation for Tuesday's edits  MK looking very good so far!
@mikesawriter 10 hours? Then it's horrible old Monday again, quick better enjoy this while we can! 
getting ready for Monday first day 
is doing some work today to make my Monday morning go easier - well fingers crossed 
@Schwartzie14 I'm starting Monday at 3 this afternoon. 
Monday blues... 
congress in ..left out .. markets up .. happy Monday 
@Cygnostik  Aww that's nice.. I started mine in rush hour traffic in the rain - You win! Cygnostic 1 - Monday 0  
What an amazingly satisfying weekend. Almost so much so that I can get on board with it being Monday already. 
doesn't understand why Monday hasn't been permanently added to the weekend yet. I highly doubt there will be any objections. 
Morning' all ! Monday is quite hard after this overloaded weekend 
Monday, again.  
Monday coffee 
Last Monday with a two hour programming lecture in the morning 
Tired tired tired! looong day, but good day.  Why oh why is it Monday already?!?!?!? I need a vacation 
@tshorrock no, it's Monday morning, time for a cup of tea... then giving it some 
Morning everyone, it's a Monday and I'm very happy to be at work and in the office!!! 
@TheGrimOne But slightly less Monday than there was an hour ago... 
is surprisingly good for a Monday morning. That's two in a row 
Monday morning, at work, weather terrible, traffic not much better ... things can only improve 
@lynnbryn @midgetmum probably some house work shortly and then I have to do work stuff. still it's only Monday. a whole week beckons 
By the way.. Monday can kiss my as just like the other 6 days of the week  #musicmonday
sort of likes the job today. Which is progress. Hated it last week.  I'm gonna love it on Monday tho, payday ;)
loves Monday's 
It's back to work! We'll get you through the Monday blues 
For Monday morning insanity, do follow @emmybunny @helen_bop #weirdfoodanimalrhymers 
@radha_ if its Monday its normal .. 
G'morning Everyone! It's Monday and I never wake up easy on this day lol 
@normaltusker haha! thankfully it happens only on Monday noons for me.. 
good Monday morning all!  have a great day
Is this philosophical Monday? 
@Art_News We started this morning talking in smell .... I , coffee, you, flowers ...   ...Monday favoring the senses
It's Monday, so I'm going grocery shopping soon. Looking forward to next Monday because it'll be different 
Monday again - oh boy 
Loving Monday night meatballs. (Starring the weekend's barbecued chicken, grilled pork belly, kielbasa, corned beef and beef steak 
Monday...I don't like mondays...but 2day is going to be a good one! 
@darynkagan go little guy  such happy Monday news!!
is actually not hating today even though it is a Monday. I think it's because I know that I have a 4-day workweek! 
*thinking it's about time to wake up!* holiday Monday!!!! YAYY 
Nothing like the Weepies on a Monday morning 
Getting ready for another Monday  Only 13 Monday's left till school/band starts up again
hello Monday &amp; the start to another busy, beaut of a week! I'm ready to take you on!!   here we gooooo.....
finally have my mocha. 90 cals have never tasted so yummy. Even though its Monday I dont feel too sad about it with my frothy drink 
i love waking up before my alarm goes off..  yaya Monday is here!
Monday again! I just need to make it through this week, and then off to the beach!! 
Lunch time at work, Monday again, got to put in a full week this week, its been a while...3 day weekend though 
My first Monday at the new store. This should be fun. 
Wishing you a great week, happy Monday! 
only time i'm excited to be @ work on a Monday morning is when i've been painting all wknd 
It's Monday...here we go again 
Getting ready for another Monday 
is excited for a great Monday... lots to do, lots to learn, lots to enjoy. 
Early morning, Monday morning.  I'm going to feel so productive. 
Last Monday of the school year. 
@mysummerbeard now you can jump on the #magic bus  It was very good, thanks!  Not ready for Monday...but what can ya do?
I wish Monday could be easy like sunday morning 
Loves to watch everyone talk about work on Monday while I stay home and enjoy a day off. I know, I'm a jerk 
Monday, Monday, Monday, another day another  diversion  Good Morning twitterverse
yay!!! it's Monday  
....I'm sorry for my early Monday morning negativity folks! Much love and repect to everybody NOT spreading the message of fear!   
Monday morning, need more sleep. Too much drama this weekend! I hate drama!  
Seriously? What else? I suppose it is Monday afterall 
It's just another manic Monday 
So yesterday turned out to be a really great day!  It's Monday now and semi-sunny.  
No Monday is complete without a little rushing around. It's only just begun. 
Monday came too quickly - just like a bad date! 
Quiet Monday morning....thankfully I'm staying awake! 
I'm back in the swing of things. Monday never looked so good after nearly of week of funeral stuff. I'm GLAD it's Monday! 
@TwoPeasandPod A piece of your cake would make my Monday that much sweeter! 
Writing fundraising materials for ministries ... a typical 107-degree Monday in paradise! 
Monday, monday, looks good to me! 
I am going to enjoy a lazy holiday Monday today--do what I want when I want to do it 
@DidierStevens Dude! You are fast! Niiice. I'll have more for ya next Monday. 
is opening his arms to Monday and is positive that it will be a greaaaat day!!! And he hasn't had any coffee, yet 
It doesn't feel like Monday  @joechapman @star45 @caporal_chef @pinkpolkadots @TheLenzyme @crispast @angiece... ? http://blip.fm/~6j5a7
Watching a slice of cheese that won't melt. @marcelekkel It reminds me of something you said last Monday! 
So... who's going to the #lichfield #bower on Monday? 
@kelda he he - may see you all on Monday! 
's brain is confused and is thinking that it's Monday tomorrow. Yay for erroneous brains! 
@charliebeldon You can see the small dude on Monday 
excited for Monday!! 
@jonathanfarnan hey Monday ftw! They were epic live  it's all about homecoming haha
I'm definitely NOT here!  At least until next Monday morning.  
@drewbrownmusic If you get fired then that means you're totally free and clear to get out here for Monday! 
everyone gone home now, but I'll still be just gone 6pm, back tomorrow, think I'll have Monday off for some recreation 
likes the fact that it felt like Monday today but it's the weekend now 
Catching up with news, series (lost and 24) and jet lag...  Monday mission: catch up with work.
@unm00red I probably didn't, we just tend to follow same ones. Don't forget to slow down, Monday holiday and all 
@antigone_spit I'm seeing it live on Monday 
off to camp! back on Monday! till then..have a good week everyone. 
@diefraktion Your song has been voted 'a hit' with 3 to 1 votes. Congratulations, it will be played on Monday again for a new vote 
@daniela_morris but you have air conditioning right?? we don't and it get super hot during the days, but we get it on Monday 
@PureApathy I had pizza on Monday so *that* craving is sorted  We must do Rascals again, their pizza was good
