Most common words for this cluster:
[('monday', 109), ('friday', 91), ('thursday', 63), ('sunday', 55), ('tuesday', 37), ('wednesday', 32), ('day', 22), ('today', 18), ('saturday', 13), ('morning', 13), ('week', 13), ('i', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Thursday', 0.9908565282821655), (u'Monday', 0.9833465218544006), (u'Wednesday', 0.9792904853820801), (u'Tuesday', 0.9764142632484436), (u'Friday', 0.9763810038566589), (u'Sunday', 0.8398831486701965), (u'Saturday', 0.8385413289070129), (u'Thurday', 0.7091083526611328), (u'Wednesay', 0.7030298113822937), (u'Feb.', 0.6986348628997803)]





Why is it only Tuesday  Can't it be Friday
gets new phone hopefully tomorrow, but mail doesn't come on Sunday.  so hopefully Monday fer sure!
it's Sunday...means no stores are open and tomorrow is Monday... 
just another Monday morning  roll on Friday evening!!
Working till 4am on a Sunday/Monday night is almost as bad as eating glass 
Just another matic Monday, wish it were Sunday 
@cmdtv very cool! Can't wait to meet u. @camron_ware &amp; I r leading some breakouts as well on Wednesday but I'll have to leave Thursday. 
Just came back from walking the dog. It's raining outside but not too hard. It's supposed to be like this until Thursday or Friday. 
It's only Monday night and I feel like I am Friday-night tired. 
UGH Tuesday  I don't think I'll be happy til it's Thursday OR Friday
@tmanning82 luck you! Working Monday  but got Tuesday and Friday off! 3 day week!
5 awesome aussies isn't looking too great. Apparently our Wednesday is leaving as well as our Friday 
Final on Wednesday.  Final end user testing on Wednesday.  This, that, everything on Wednesday.  Why Wednesday? 
@JasonShand sadly  maybe I'll just skip right past Sunday...only time I've ever looked forward to a Monday ;-)
@drkuku because Sunday is followed by Monday 
@RealPaulJohnson  it's always somethin wit u. Fuck dat project go Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and Friday.......It wont hurt to miss monday
Why can I never fall asleep on Sunday when I have to get up soo early on Monday 
ok... so i know i say it every Sunday, but I am SO not ready for tomorrow to be Monday! :-D  wish i could spend more time with my family. 
Just another a manic Monday...wish it were a Sunday cause thats my fun day, an I dont have to run day, just another manic Monday. 
enjoying Sunday morning with his children...mom stays home prepare for her exam on Monday  http://plurk.com/p/su1ph
ew,insomnia?! I slept 10hours since Thursday ..and now it's Sunday! (fuck,20hours per week&gt;&lt;) god,I dunno what to do cuz I can't sleep!!! 
wish there was a day between Sunday &amp; Monday, with no work!!! What would they call it? Arrrrrr gotta get stuff ready for work 2moro 
woke up thinking today was Friday....but it's only Thursday 
Sunday will be almost like Monday, except I'll be working for myself (and I don't pay very well  ).
I dont want to be going into uni on a Sunday  but i must to pass my last exam on Tuesday!
@louise_hendy miss you too  I feel so ill today, got 2 exams tomorow and 1 on Wednesday and Friday agh 
I don't want it to be Sunday 'cause that means tomorrow is Monday....*sigh* 
@donnelaith yeah I work Monday-Friday &amp; I'm down to 2 employees so it's impossible to switch 
It's Monday  Boston on Thursday.. yee haw.
Monday mornings are the worst mornings  I will go see if my tomatoes I plated Friday survived last night a little later.
No school until Wednesday!  ..and then exam on Friday 
Where the hell did the weekend go??one second it was Friday and then i woke up to Monday.. sad sad sad state of afairs.. 
It's Friday! Sun shining, floors looking damn fine! no work on Monday...work a bit boring but can survive till 4! But car is broken, boo 
@DaniPLQ I want Monday back  I hate Friday's it always means work is just around the corner.
off to Zambales with the Imperials. be back Sunday. then work on Monday. goodbye world 
It's 4pm Friday, he left at 6am Thursday.... surely he should be there now 
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday = EXAM !!  wow shit 
Friday is the new Thursday 
Wanting to leave work early today but stuff keeps accumulating.  this Friday is so a Monday in disguise. lol
@wishinghearts oh wow! I have to work on Sunday  but I'm off on Monday if you're still in town!
I'm leaving work now. Trying to decide if I return on Sunday afternoon or Monday 4 am to meet a noon (UK time) deadline. 
slept most of the day away... and still has to do some hardcore studying for Monday's bio quiz... and Tuesday's math exam. Ugh   
@princess__mina Same, I've got an exam on Tuesday and Thursday 
@roycheong1 Already did, we had a 3days holiday from Thursday onward. Which is why we have to come back to work on Sunday 
@booskee9 u dont gethere till Fri? i think we gonna be leaving on fri  i proablly will be back late Sunday or Monday morning
I keep thinking it's Monday morning and I start getting all excited for the MS conference...then I remember it's on Sunday  ...pooper
@SamHolmes chem weds ethics Thursday philosophy Friday then by other 7 exams to come 
Sunday, I really enjoy your laid back style however when your over it's Monday  http://myloc.me/2b0z
Dim sum, facial, fried chicken and waffles...nice Sunday before  Monday, Monday!
Trying to chatch up on old tweets! Only let me go back 14 hours  I missed Thursday and Friday Tweets ... whannnannawaaahann
I get excited every Sunday as Monday I think I'll get job interview letters/emails, I never do, disappointment &amp; depression then ensues 
So my weekend is just about to start and it's already almost Monday  I don't think I like working Sunday's!
@artsychic5 i can't get off tomorrow~~ so sad!  took Thursday and Friday... May try to go Wednesday... but no morrow   
Friday, Tuesday, Monday, Thursday, then exams  ....can you say stress!
Man, I collapsed on Friday.. I guess that I forced myself too much. Will see what the doctor will say on Wednesday 
My glass teapot just shattered 6 ways from Sunday... &amp; it's only Monday... 
@ronreddog I remember a time not too long ago that I took every Thursday and Friday off, I miss it 
What the, I don't want Thursday and Sunday off! I want my Tuesday and Saturday  I wish jennie would stop messing with the schedule!
Studying for finals would be a good option, seeing as I have only today, Wednesday and Sunday to do so but I'm lazy. And a procrastinator 
@TheSims3 Not for me.  Comes out Friday here   But Game always sends pre-order games a day early so I'll have it by Thursday! 
suffering from Monday,Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday and Friday morning blues 
@_taylortrash_ no  I work Tuesday-Saturday
Why can't this be Friday? It's only Wednesday and I'm exhausted! Time to get ready for school. 
AHHH! WVU on Sunday and Monday for orientation! Then I start at LCCC on Tuesday  8pm class....
@PinchedPink i've thought of that, and it would work Sunday &amp; Monday, but it wouldn't tomorrow. 
Friday is now my Thursday for the next 3 weeks 
@kristinnicola1 Tuesday is NOT going to work   Other suggestions?  What are you doing Saturday?
@toddnash I am at brothers on Sunday eve...not sure they have been watching the apprentice...I may have to watch on i-player on Monday 
@goldensunshyne If you guys go Sunday, holla! If its Monday, i work till 5  womp womp.
No plans Monday, Tuesday and Thursday on my vacation   Maybe people should come by and visit and keep me company especially during the day
I thought it was Monday... until my sister said it was Friday... 
sitting in front of the computer and wishing that the school starts on Monday instead of June 15... 
Friday for most, Monday for me 
Today feels like Wednesday ... Or Thursday ... Or any other day of the week for that matter. It just doesn't feel like the weekend 
It's too cold and too early for me to take a shower. On Monday this fabulous time will end  But Thursday another holiday comes.
It's too cold and too early for me to take a shower. Monday this fabulous time will end  But on Thursday another holiday comes.
@weiseldog darn.. On Monday through Friday I prob won't be on I'm just saying 
In my new work schedule, I'm off Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesdayone week, then Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday the other. 
@little_d1976 I AM! Leisurely Sunday huh? - here is Monday now. 
working all day today, Monday night, Thursday morning, Friday night, and all day Saturday. overtime sucks 
@_JamieLeeCurtis my Sunday is nearly over  Monday soon! booooooooo!!
films due in 4 minutes! #48hfp screenings begin Tuesday evening. Hubby's shown Thursday night....  I can't see it, review for midterm then
Sunday night already.....     work on Monday  
The week goes so fast but the weekend goes faster  Monday again! But @britneyspears on Wednesday!!!!! Can't wait!!! X
Monday morning Blues  But off to NY on Saturday so yey!
. @PerryBelcher So far my weekend is and has been busy. Monday is part of my weekend. But Saturday is a work day. 
@mrs_mcsupergirl Not everyone has good taste like you  My shitty Thursday and Friday were proof of that, yo!
@frizzfreeCURLS no   its supposed to be nice all week so we have plans for Thursday and Friday must remember to bring lots of water
@annabelle327 I know I am having Annbandonment and Franbandonment issues  At least I will have Fran on Wednesday and Sunday.
had a fun night with the girls! Can't wait for Friday...and it's only Monday 
I need my hair to look pretty for Thursday and Friday but how will that happen when it's supposed to pour outside?! 
Borders, why do you put out a coupon that is only good Monday-Thursday?  Some of us work days AND evenings... 
I Wish that the April fools prank we pulled on my friend was real... there would be an A7X concert on Friday. During finals of course 
Hey guys, no frisbee tonight Tuesday June 16.  The field is still soaked    We'll try again Thursday June 18!
@mazza16 correction- after Thursday, YOU can do whatever the hell you like, unfortunately, I have to wait until Friday 
crashing in the basement tonight. No finals tomorrow which means no school. I have to go back on Thursday and Friday though 
Hey, @marklevinshow, the podcast feed's messed up. Monday's show is playing Friday's 
@waxyhearts It's Friday!  Just kidding, it's only Tuesday 
@scoccaro i'm with you - i woke up thinking it was Friday - EXTREME disappointment when i realized it was only Wednesday 
@ThePhork Your right it's only Wednesday.  It feels like a Friday though 
Wednesday is gardener day. Mowers, weed wackers &amp; blowers start promptly at 8:30AM. Wednesday = &quot;kill the insomniac day&quot; 
@robuttley that's what Wednesday nights are for. I have to spend the day in Peterborough on Friday. 
it's already Thursday! I can smell Monday on the way already! 
@changpeeee I wish I could but I'll be busy with my missions team til Sunday!!!  so Monday it is! Haha
@SmittenKitten4D why thank u I am gonna miss all your juicy gossip from your show I leave early Saturday &amp; get back Monday 
I'm no longer on speaking terms with Thursday, it tricked me into thinking it was Friday 
I have no school tomorrow yay!!! But I have finals on Friday and Monday 
@RenitaM I know! But I don't get off til 7 on Monday and Thursday 
@ndizzlecfizzle oh, I keep forgetting that tomorrow isn't Friday....I thought today was Thursday  opps!
@JessicaSpeer no diagnosis yet. But  sinus dr on Friday and regular dr on Monday (hopefully) for diagnosis. 
@jackpercival I got them for Monday but I can't go ... Wanted them for Thursday 
I have that Friday feeling but it's only Thursday. 
@npthegreat Well if you come in on Wednesday and Thursday you'll see me, but if you don't then you won't! 
No #bottomless scenes at all on today's #nanednews again...  Loved the Monday and Tuesday shows, but hope that wasn't it for this week...
Friday! What can I say, 2 days closer to Monday 
@baseball_mommy It may be your Friday, but it is my Monday   I got to work before 5 a.m.  and I am sleepy.
Beach School is cancelled today, Friday June 19th. 
Friday! Last day to work then the weekend and Monday off.  Peter returns to London on Tuesday 
Ugh! Friday is Monday 
@KMPriest I thought Tuesday felt like Friday, so I just feel like I worked the entire weekend! 
So the Navy enjoys fucking me and decided to do it again when they canceled my ticket for Saturday and placed it for Monday instead... 
@HyunINC I'll be there Sunday night up until Thursday morning... heard it is rainy.   At least I'll be used to it! ;)
says i didn't watch boys over flowers on Thursday and Friday  http://plurk.com/p/12ch9n
awww man! I have to pick up M at the airport on June 30th. I wont get to see the bikini dance till Thursday!  lol
Had an interview on Friday, got a second interview on Tuesday but means no wimbledon that day!  the sacrifices I have to make urghh!!
I burnt the roof of my mouth last Sunday and on Tuesday I burnt it again, I had soup for lunch and guess what...I eat too fast 
I was halfway dressed before I realized it was Sunday and not Monday - good lor' 
@PBCliberal Clearly they believe important things happen between Monday and Friday.   I lost some respect for them today.
@jamesmoran It's only Sunday for you. In 12 hours I have to be at work on Monday. 
I really do not feel like going to work today. Or the rest of this work. Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday I'm working UGH 
As the Sunday night grows each one of us becomes sad..   Why is Monday hated so much??
@hylogicalchris I'm off 2moro (hurrah) but back on Wednesday and oddly (stupid overtime cuts) I'm off on Friday  My pay will suffer.
knows that tomorrow is going to be a long day and is not looking forward to it, but is looking forward to Thursday... It's only Monday 
eating a lovely roast dinner  could not have one Monday or Sunday  so it had to be today :]
I hate when you wake up in the morning and think it is Friday and realize it is only Tuesday!! Happened today. 
@xXShantelXx ;-; I still havent started studying for Saturday or Monday's exams.. im so tired 
Working 10 hours on Sunday = I feel like tomorrow should be Friday instead of only Thursday. 
Absolutely exhausted. Was consoling myself with &quot;well, at least its Friday&quot;, until 5 minutes ago when I realised that its Thursday 
#itsucks that it's Thursday and not Friday.. 
@melancholyloss Saturday, but ive also got one on Monday. neither of them i've been able to start studying for until today 
Our farmer ran out of radishes  we are replacing them with red pepper for Friday deliveries and part Thursday.
So sad , I woke up today thinking it was Friday  Boo for Thursday !
Good morning twitters! Tuesday... but like Thursday 
@pocketedward I see your point in regards to the skateboard. Have a happy Tuesday! Monday in over!!! 
hello world!!! It's Tuesday!  Which is not nearly as good as Friday.. but a helluva lot better than Monday! 
@JAJMiami Tuesday it is. Definitely happy it's no longer Monday 
@djshares.... This Friday till Monday.. 
@michanng this week, i work Tuesday, Friday, Sunday 5-closing!  but it can change...? i'd be happy to see you! 
@DianaWyatt  Monday today,nearly Tuesday for us.4-50 pm.Time flys when you are enjoying yourself.What can I get up to  lol  
another Monday.. why cant they surprise me 4 once and start the week with Tuesday lets say. no Friday.. even better 
@dorianroy Sunday night, Monday morning  ? http://blip.fm/~4mlch
@besz I will tell you on Thursday all about Tuesday, I promise. How bout I skip all this, and just eat the monkey for breakfast? 
home .. Sunday nights are relaxing, just wish we could stave off Monday morning. 
Oops, I meant Finals are on Thursday. I don't have classes on Friday. 
@taylorswift13 Yay! What are your plans for today? I'm seeing you Wednesday and Thursday 
Typical overcast bank holiday Monday, glad we went to the beach on Saturday 
It's Monday, and I am still cleaning up the mess from Thursday night's storm.  Like I wasn't busy enough this week! 
spirit week! Tuesday have to be in make up by eight so I can die later. School wednesday and thursday then, finally sleep in on Friday!! 
is having an unproductive Sunday evening. Can't wait till Wednesday evening. 
@GApumpkin Thursday. You know it's the new Friday. 
Finally Thursday...or Friday Eve as I like to call it.  Only 10 more days until my vacation 
Ahhh Sunday  a day of rest, day of cleaning and preparation for Monday chaos lol. 2 and half more weeks til travel, whoowho!
@babblingbrookie oh, here, It's Monday..just sharing..sometimes I find it weird..haha ) so Happy Monday..or Sunday to youu.. 
Morning twits. Monday morning's always so bloody busy, I'm tempted to shut boards down on Friday evenings 
It's Monday - I am looking forward for Friday! 
@kaitnolan Ships in the dawn, slipping in and out of the gray... May your Monday be great. 
awake...4 day week at work  Friday AND Monday off + getting paid on Thursday ugh this week is going to be BEAUTIFUL www.thenewjack.com
@jobrooker  The joys of being organised!!  I'm only looking for Friday to Monday! 
wants to root for Mondays, I really do, but I just can't. The best part of Monday is knowing Friday is only 5 days away... 
@brewern it's really bad on Thursday and Friday so leave a bit earlier 
No school until Wednesday!  ..and then exam on Friday 
@derekhat would you consider moving Thursday sushi to Friday sushi 
@Esperansalita Suppose you're right. And since Wednesday will be my &quot;Friday,&quot; all's good. 
Morning everyone  Today is sigh, Monday. I hate Mondays... Although, it puts us one more day closer to Friday, yay! .
Heading to beach Sunday and Monday why the heck not 
I JUST realised its Friday, been thinking it was Thursday for the past hour, whoop 
@BundaCP me too :0 will leave jakrta on Friday on be back on Monday night. Wanna meet there 
@rosietratt Yes hopehully be doing something on Sunday or Monday! 
Friday's are fun. Specially when Monday is off. 
@natnel56 lol no it's just a long weekend :p like Friday Monday Tuesday  did you survive the hurricane??! x
@paranormalTV heading out to the lake Sunday to celebrate my b-day, Monday 
Having a lazy Friday  Off school til Thursday the 4th
