Most common words for this cluster:
[('monday', 332), ('friday', 328), ('i', 244), ('sunday', 243), ('saturday', 183), ('oh', 136), ('m', 121), ('day', 120), ('night', 109), ('today', 98), ('tuesday', 92), ('thursday', 88)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Friday', 0.6933857798576355), (u'Monday', 0.6772035956382751), (u'Sunday', 0.6717938780784607), (u'Saturday', 0.6683952808380127), (u'Thursday', 0.6627128720283508), (u'Tuesday', 0.6544176340103149), (u"Haven'ta_clue", 0.6511611342430115), (u"G'night", 0.6487516164779663), (u'Wednesday', 0.6482769846916199), (u'in._www.mtvpress.com', 0.6338822245597839)]





Well bed time now. 1 am. *sighs* Back to 6 am mornings for a week on Wednesday. 
@SeaGhostdesigns what happened to you on Saturday? You didnt show up... 
I totally forgot we were going to do fisheye 2night   What u doing Thursday....  Btw.... I'm so late with the hills... LOL
Hello Tuesday, hope your better than I think. Won't tweet for a few hours later 
@Jlo1978 Ahhhhh so when are you leaving?  Will you not make Friday? 
So...exactly why is it 35 degrees, when it was 70 Sunday??!!?? Cuz I'm in Cincinnati, that's why!! 
Damn it, my hand and leg still hurt from that stupid accident last Saturday. 
Is today Monday again? UGH! I should have stayed in bed. It's cold. I'm bored. I hate days like today. 
Ok this sucks, I'm still feeling under the weather, but, i'm soldering on. I'm in the office today. Sunday night I had a 103 deg temp. 
Okay guys must start getting ready for class. Tuesday and Thor's Day (learned that in class lol) are my long days  1:00 straight thru 3:30
I get my new camera on Thursday! Im so excited I could piss myself. Oops I already did! 
Watchin Friday The 13th Part 3 on Fuse wit my mom. I got sunburned 2day its a miracle. 1st nice day out nd I get burned 
@PostGay I'd suggest that The Cure - Friday I mean, Tug.  Sorry 
sitting here with tears down my face. Dont wanna go to work on Sunday. Going to miss my Mom 
Sexy Saturday...but unfortunately i cant enjoy it Im stuck here studyyin.... 
I am just relaxing on this beautiful Saturday!  I need to go and mow the yard but the lawn mower is toast!   Hmmm, what now?
@ddlovato Hi,How long are you in London? I have uni lectures during your show on Wednesday 
@LauraConnorr Monday unfortunately  You? Oooh, I love Mario Kart, haha.
Ahhh.... Home Sweet Home ... I'm off til Monday morning... that's the good news... bad news, the rain clouds finally broke.. its pouring 
Dreading going back into work on Monday after 10 days off. Really wish i had more time to chill, time has gone way to quickly 
Algebra homework. On a Saturday, whatta great fucking day. Someone entertain me. PLEASE. 
@spursfan35 I'm too! Bummer no Ginobili will b an uphill battle..was talking trash to @bcuban..mark's bro..I'll b quiet til Monday 
@TheEngTeacher good evening. Sorry, for a Sunday evening, #anagramsunday would do my head in 
Off to work  Yeah, ad set Sunday!
@holytshirt Yup, it's still Sunday and I'm in the office.  The lack of tweets and  attendance at community events is due to work overload 
well it is Sunday...a lovely day for a beer garden ahhhh  I am working in the morning so that kicks that one out  Maybe get my Wii Fit
Ok, a new day - need to keep working and get everything ready for Monday as well.    I wish it was summertime!
New on Twitter- FOLLOW ME please! - Urgh..School on Tuesday 
Damn....I fell asleep when I got home from work yesterday (4:30ish) and I just now woke up.  what a waste of a Saturday night 
The big dog bite Scrappy got Friday B4 last has swollen up   We'll visit Doggie ER today if it gets any bigger...
Tea, bed and Torchwood. Nothing can be better. But I admit that I'm a bit terrified about a conference on Tuesday  Escapism. Oh yeah.
In love with Zac Efron ever since seeing 17 Again on Friday.  Spring Break's over....
Walmart on Sunday? Why do I always do this to myself? I just barely got out alive. 
my collegues went to this @Adobe CS4 seminar on Friday.. they say it was bestest.... Damn i missed it.. so wanted to be there.. 
How do I install twitterberry??? Hmmmmmmm. I love Sundays until I realize Monday is coming right up and J leaves 
Nooooo! Monday tomorrow. 
@misssmith11 Oh no! The 1st part of your tweet made me shudder!  I'm happy Sunday was a better day altogether. Me? All is good...
@TommyLind BTW, glad all is well w/your coffee again!! Monday w/out coffee is like a scraped knee with no band-aid for it!! 
@jennstackhouse Nope not back yet. I'll leaving Maui Monday 11pm east coast time. It takes about 14 hrs to get back   back to reality
It's Monday morning and I'm back at work  Oh well just another 5 days till the weekend
Happy Sunday! Just jet skied, kayaked and water skied! Sooo fun! Last day in Mexico 
Great. It's Monday. Yeah alright 
Ok, so I played Saturday night, in tournament play with 40 other players.  Came in second place. 
Monday again  well atleast the race was good this weekend and Chris Jackson picked up that win AGAIN!!  Woo thats what I'm talking bout!!
Yippee!  Monday morning.  I think maybe I might have a bad case of the Mondays  ...
@Kevin_AnR_Shine you talking about Friday? Yeah I was a lil stressed. And when I get like that, it's written all over my face. 
http://i36.tinypic.com/2qcfpe0.gif Why is Kyle Burns so adorable? I really want to go to their concert Wednesday, but I can't 
Good morning London Twitter-ites. Everyone had a good weekend? - Sunday shows really screw my body clock 
@JaciWalker Hi there! Well, it's easy for the next month - every Thursday, no known breaks, and then S4 is over 
Mac won't be fixed until Monday. I'm starting to have jousting withdrawls. 
can't find my keys, no Wolverine today  Maybe Sunday.. I have a couple days to find them...lol
Bleh, this place is a mess. I'm devoting Monday to cleaning. 
WTF?? Why does it have to rain on a Friday night? Bonfire plans ruined 
http://twitpic.com/4dwy1 - Enjoying my week in Florida. Sad that I have to leave this cutie on Tuesday 
BlackaRicanMa You should've went to House in Underground. That place be packed every Friday! Sorry boo boo. 
@BlackaRicanMa You should've went to House in Underground. That place be packed every Friday! Sorry boo boo. 
will work for 15 hours on Monday. Who does that, really? 
Lit. exam tomorrow... that's right, I have an exam on a Saturday evening  Then hanging out with my Big! Ready for a fun night and weekend
@RaviKapoor Thnx. Will see doc if it gets worse. Cell's on vibrate. I think I left it in my office @ school. No cell 4 me til Monday 
HEADS UP TWITTER LAND -- I'm going to be QUIET (almost too quiet?) from Sunday thru Thursday this week. Work trip. No Internet 
It's too early for a Saturday.  Oh summer break, I pine for you!
Let me get up eat. Worry about work on Monday.  Bye 
Glad Jeff was back in school on Thursday! but was gone again yesterday  What do I do without him there? lol. Ima miss you next year!!!
Woke up early...Too early...  My motto (that only works on Saturday and Sunday) Go to bed late...Stay up late! Eh? Eh? No. haha.
Grrr. Dsl is out. Waiting for repairman to come. Hopefuly b4 3pm, but maybe not till Monday 
@meghanxx2727 Hey my mom said that I have too much homework and that I can't hang out with you until Tuesday. I'm sorry  call me tonight
And I'm taking my sad drunk butt to bed.  This has been a long night.  And I can't talk til Monday.    Y'all know that's a lie!
@c3K How much a jam session on Tuesday? I'm a little out of practice, but am working on guitar. I can sing if necessary. Wii 4 Rock Band 
@momentbymoment1 I did, I promise I sent you a DM last Monday, Sorry 
so hungover  buuut so xcited boot goin 2 see Morrissey on Friday!! Yes o Yes!!! xxx
am having insane muscle aches from Friday. Guess you don't go from no inch to 5 inch shoes without some serious conditioning first 
According to my mother I'ma dumbass muthafucka....thanx mom for yet AGAIN, bringing me down on a Sunday morning. 
@meredith626 Hey wait...I like that movie! And why are you going to school on Sunday?  AP stuffs? Ew 
Damn Sunday morning, alone...bummer 
Oh shit shit shit Its back to sch tmr. Bck to reality Ain bck to reality! AH DAMN! I super hate Monday bluezzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Wondering how many students will show up for CPN at Night on Thurs... I'm staying all night, so I hope many students do too. Otherwise 
Missed appearance of Bat for Lashes on Letterman on Friday   Thankfully, there's the clip at www.youtube.com/watch?v=GobEk0ZAIpw
@kizmetbaby Sorry you have to work on a Sunday 
@carlosevia You and your students apparently.  That too on a Sunday!  Psst: don't answer it, they'll get the message eventually.
everything I own is in Pville and Im two hours north until Wednesday night. 
Went past elevat32 on Saturday. Seems to have closed down  what happened? Always looked busy.
12 hours of app testing Saturday, 9 hours today. I'm baked. Oh and look at that - the new work week is starting tomorrow 
Ugh. Tomorrow is Monday  Going to watch some George Lopez! Haha&lt;3 Then sleep.  Night Twitter World D
Tuesday is coming fast everyone...Please dont forget to ROCK the VOTE for Adam Lambert! No more bottom 3 
@DonnieWahlberg I wish I was in Boston right now I could be getting Twisted with the Man Donnie  Maybe on Friday tho ;-)
needs sleep and a few other things. Oh, and he doesn't want to work in the morning.  Boo for Monday's...
@Morrica Yes, especially on a Sunday night when i just want to curl up in bed and watch tv, but huge pile of clothes is on my bed... 
It's Monday. What the heck am I going to watch on TV tonight, now that the latest season of Chuck is over? Season three please 
@mangosquash I totally would, but I'm not planning on being up much longer...my paper isn't due until Tuesday. Sorry 
Ready to go to sleep! Really hate going to school on a Monday. Oh well  
Wht do u do wen u hv truckloads of work n u cant get urself to work   Duh !Blame it on Monday blues!
Slept through my alarm. Of course! Ughh Monday mornings. 
on my way to work...I HATE Monday's 
@RopeMarksMuse Yes she is! :-D Of course, never go anywhere without her... ehm. And we're there friday and saturday. Sunday drive we home 
Just stood in a long long queue at a carvery. Not usually this busy on a Monday. Damn bank holiday.  
oh crap!!!!i guess i don't anymore.     Oh Well its still Monday right!
Monday's SUCK 
Haha I burnt the roof of my mouth on AWESOME chili during the Caps game on Saturday - now it hurts to drink my coffee 
@KeepEmCookin Question for you... can stress re-awaken PTL? Yesterday was an emotional day and today I'm crampy 
@dbbackus  Jeez, and on a Monday too  I'm really sorry to hear that.
@marauderMPP I thought I was going to watch it on ABC.  They have been playing one movie in order each Sat night.  Not tonight.. the NBA. 
I want to see if I can move my flight to Tuesday and spend Monday night in Pittsburgh. Hmmm... Yeah right, I wish! Too busy... 
Hm... Beat freak Workshop In NY? I live in NY :p Boooo! It's on a Thursday, School Day 
@Kdubbb They don't start till May 14th.  Sorry bby.
@patriciargh ssup my peeno broda. Yes! I finished!!!! I did the exam on Friday. Bleh, won't be free for a while  when is the engagement?
Won 20 bucks. Guess that means I will be @ work on Monday. 
Hungry at a time qhen I should be asleep on a Sunday! Just feel like some chocolate but will be good and have Bran Flakes instead!  
Hungry at a time when I should be asleep on a Sunday! Just feel like some chocolate but will be good and have Bran Flakes instead!  
Argh up at 7.50 on a Sunday  Should be grateful for the habit of waking early but I quite fancied a lie in.
@Raeeelee Oh that sounds about the same as my Sunday...woke up, did some knitting, read a sentence...now it's 5:30. 
You know that show we did Friday? @Peppery is an idiot and long story short: there is no episode 3. Sorry. 
the Hey Monday upload pic on the website isnt woking 
Good Sunday! I'm not well today 
@Mangowe Not too bad for a Sunday  Lots of black cloud around though now 
@IrishLad585 Yeah going home for Summer on Thursday, need to get a job and make some money!  Enjoy your day! 
Already sent two or three one-forties without hashtags. I'm failing miserably on today's #140Sunday  Oh, well, oh, well, oh, well. Filler.
Ohhh Sunday already - tomorrow work 
Well crap! I just fell and my ankle is not happy! Ice pack and laying on the couch is now my plan for Sunday morning. 
I wanna go to Just on Friday. Stoopid fkn work. 
Ok sooo not looking forward to Friday...ICT exam AHHH! 
Ohh no. Monday means school. 
@snazzysophie oh, Friday is not going 2B fun 4 you! I had tht dun.U can't eat,it takes FOREVER,and Uwill feel like shit after.Sorry babe! 
DAMN just remembered tomorrow is Monday 
@Mykhael Yep, lets meet at Dave's on Tuesday at 5. Tix are 35 still I think. I gots no special connections 
Ohhhh, I can't wait for Thursday! Dammit! I just watched a really sad clip 
Wow..! A health and history project due both this Friday. What can possibly go wrong? Oh wait...everything! I need help with the history 
@jkaquinn ET is terrifying. Yeahh I'm going to prom on Friday. WISH I was going to morp  can't wait for sat either! Do u wanna come here?
Going to bed. Ugh, don't want to travel tomorrow. Would much rather go Friday.   Oh well, Goodnight!
Friday is suppose to be 71 and saturday and sunday 77!!!! Whoooo hoooo! Beach trip anyoneeeee?! Its my last weekend in america 
Gosh. I wanted to watch Cook and Archie's concert this Saturday! It would be a nice birthday gift. 
@LucPestille Sorry... yes... #OIP is once a month on a Thursday (currently) so footy tonight is alas is out for me 
Grrr...  Yesterday was strange.... Kissed him twice thats it  talk to meh!!!
Last &quot;Friday is LOVE&quot; in Welly. 
@hwnmamma Damn you...today's my....Thursday 
Tile on back order = now three days, no work    Coulda been done Friday, now sometime next week. Oh well.
I was suppose to be doing nails right now...but yea for me I get to work longer on Saturday now   Oh well keeps me from spending it Sat
Back to work reality   Oh well, at least it's Thursday!
@DavidArchie DAVID!    American Idol results arent on the TV in England until Friday...Now I know who is in the final     Its ok haha
@Liz_Gomes I'm sorry I feel bad for you  hey umma be in NY Monday we should meet up at sum point ;)
Thnxs mi future nurses helpin me pk ish n diggin in my closet tryna steal some clothes....lol...thanks ya!!! Dont wanna leave Monday 
Sorry 4 the l8 update.. arrived 2 days ago! Just watched 'Obsessed' @ Camana Bay. Back to Toronto on Monday... 
@BreeLovesIt @BigNoor @ZeenaBoBeena @thecutiedisease Im in sunnyvale/palo alto! Not close to the OC.  im here till Tuesday.
NOOO. it's Monday in... 10hours 
@cocoy Noooo! Wait, Petron. I need to send this. @kulit, please tell @cocoy to send Monday back. Please. 
(@dj8171) Oh snap vaccinations on Monday 
@suziperry Thats a great idea .. Hmmm Sunday Lunch... Raining in London too 
Bummer, I had over 50 Six Word Saturday entries.  Until I had to delete a couple bc there were no six words.  
@sadyn Not at all  Probably chionging on Tues.
@BrandonMcCalla Oh hun.. Its Sunday night here, almost midnight..  I worked the whole weekend  How's your weekend going so far?
@gavlp That is because Asda is the cheapest food shop there is and it a SUNDAY !! Every 1 shops on a Sunday bar me ! Glad im not there 
Its Sunday, and the end of the weekend is upon us  I need a vacation. I want to travel. Where should my first stop be? Hmmm...
@dsthestar1121 Lol! Well it's Sunday right? Nice and chill... tryna get well rested for the coming week, cuz my weekend is almost over 
@inkandnneedle Do you still need a Beta? I'd like to read it but I'm not sure I could get it back to you by Monday 
@CrystalCay: Can you record the Lakers for me?? Today at 12:30?? PLEASE? My tv doesn't get hooked up till Tuesday... 
@chrwb Ooh what exam have you got?? I have maths on Tuesday 
@LiaSong Hi! I'm sorry that I missed your earlier tweet ~ I'm feeling much better, thank you for asking. Thursday overnite was tough. 
Forcast for Monday: Day, will be sunny &amp; hot. Highs 90-96. night time lows of 57-65. Guess Im sleeping on the couch tomorrow. 
I couldn't sleep so I got back up to try working on that project again. Still a fail. Wait a life!  Term ends Tuesday.
I am finishing up a 10 hour work day... on a Sunday.  I'm happy to be working at all, but man... I feel like I'm missing LYFE.
@beckymayyy oh noooo. Sunday shows always start earlier. They went on at 9, and were done at 10. Sorry you missed it 
@lheybella Yeah, feeling much better now. Monday's just isn't my day... 
I hate doing Excels Monday mornings. Arghhh, half a day, and the budget is not yet ready! 
and wife-to-be spent Sunday evening in casualty following mother-in-law-to-be breaking her ankle. Oh the timing, the timing... 
Frustrated right now, mainly cuz I'm an idiot. I do things which cause problems. Hmm, suppose to see FOTC live Monday:chances look slim 
Procrastinating... Argh Test on Wednesday 
@Wormito Not since April...  This island is not the best place for BB...I'm thinking of playing WH or Hordes or something like that...
@pcbrewst will u be around today?! Geez, i cant believe its Monday again!! 
No Monday Nooooooo    get back you foul demon..  
What a glorious day! After a busy Monday; then it's on vacation!!! I have no plans.    Oh, that means NOTHING to do!!!! Hmmmm 
Good Monday morning, Lovelies. So tired this AM. Woke up at 3:30am itching my hand. Found 3 bug bites, one on my hand, on my arm &amp; back. 
Is it Monday already?? Guess I have to go to work 
went to Lenscrafters Sunday, sat at the mall waiting over 2 hours.Need to take glasses back.  The tint isn't what I expected. Bummer!
is sick  Boooo...but found a great training plan for a half marathon! Looks do-able! Yaaah! Start once cold is over..hopefully Tuesday.
60 degrees, sunny, no wind. Oh, it is Monday.  
@bradpurchase Oh so do I, though Sunday type of days suck, where you have to work the next day 
@ladykronik Oh honey  Call me sometime on Wednesday (the one day I really have... Read More: http://is.gd/AZG9
@lindam73 Things are good.  Not too much excitement for an early Monday morning.  Sorry to hear there's screwed aspects in your life. 
Monday?  Again???  Kind of hating those two days off now - desk is covered in work.  
@edicius  I'm afraid it might be too late for that! It got soaked on Friday.  I'm scared that the damage is done! I'll try it tho!
It's cool. Raining. Dark. It's Monday. I'm tired. Why did I get up 
Why is everyone going where I wanted to go?! Eff, I just jinxed the break of Sad Monday. It is now so back on. 
I'm at work   Oh, How I hate Monday's.  Maybe I'll use a sick day next Monday.
@chris_coltrane No, which I feel bad about  Am going to Wednesday's Skeptics in the Pub, which I believe now won't include Simon Singh.
@Shanannon @Jackamo814 no Jazzercise for me tonight.  just found out Skee's parents are staying at our house tonight. See you Wednesday!
Good morning all, today is Friday, &amp; I have an exam  &amp; it's german Reading (N) gunna SUCK. Meh. It's also 7:45am &amp; I had to getvup at 8:30
Its Friday! Yay! But Im working 
@dbdc That is good news..and its Friday..even better!!! Yeah i am, will be a laugh! Shall miss my Twitter family tho..no tweets till Mon! 
Bleh to the Betamax (Am I too young for that reference?) Why is there a party on Saturday? Ugh. Damn Sunday morning shift.  (cont)
I can't even go.  Oh well. There's always a next time. Hopefully this Sunday'll be fun, the other aspects of Sunday. Since hanging (cont)
@Wossy Seems a real shame to see your radio show's going to be prerecorded now  At least you have your Saturday mornings back!
@annab84 Oh feck..it's Friday. I've been thinking it's Saturday. My brain is fried 
Wooooo looking forward to Friday ~ except for going to the office    Guess I need to get at it before I change my mind ~ lol.
Gettting ready to go to work!!! Yeah Friday! Hoping not to make the Boss Lady mad...... 
@eternaljanuary Well, shoot. No hip hop next Monday, since it is Memorial Day 
This is the first day I've turned my computer on since Monday. I'm really tired of being sick 
@BetterisLittle Ugh!   Hope your dh is able to get Monday off.
Rock Friday! Making my ears bleed with some Meshuggah. They're playing at the Download Festival 2009. Gutted I can't go.  #download2009
all i want to do is watch Hey Monday with Kara tonight, give us tickets 
@Jessicaveronica haha.. Just curious! Wat is follow Friday??? I don't get it. And no one will tell me 
Okay... On the way to St. Louis  ETA- 6 o'clock 
@mmmBrie Yes. Work.  But let me know if you're up for margarita mass on Sunday evening.
@angelayee Awww.... Sucks that you have to work Monday   i'll be in Atl doing the same....I wanted to go to Vegas,but can't fam is coming
@DIVACANDICEM Lakers lost  Damn it - That's gonna make Vince even more angry...  - will you show up Tuesday?
@TNAonline Ouch  So who all will be performing at the Pueblo Colorado show on May 29th?
so did NOT move today. Hoping to close Thursday @ 3 
@twincident Oh no!  I hope it's not closed on Saturday! That splash area is why I picked the Pop Century 
@J7isthe818 Play off game on Thursday? Damn my sisters graduating from High School, looks like your gonna b one man short, Sorry 
Wednesday already! Back at work today  Oh well at least there are only 3 days to work!
BTW i should be packing now, i have time til Sunday to pack all my junk and move back to my parents house. i am lazy. i hate moving. 
@keighty80 I haven't been out since Friday  I HATE IT!
p.s. It is going to SUCK not being able to drink on Sunday    Damn body and medicine.
@Netra Saturday morning? Aw crap I am working. Oh well. You guys enjoy the movie 
@jnoe Noe Thursday was amazing!! Im sry that I had to go early 
Sorry @Boboo1629, it's only hard because the pre-sale 4 @peteyorn has soldout   Tix on sale Saturday @ noon.
No way they'll finish tomorrow. Monday makes 4wks on 2wk job  Cue Gilligan theme. Thank goodness for mom sanity check. I &lt;3 my mom
Watchin Fanboys with da homies. No internet till Monday  so sad
@TheNerdyBird well that sucks  Hey, got any plans Sunday night?
Application distribution will begin on Monday, June 1st aster 5:00pm. Sorry! Busy WC means no time to make copies 
YAY!! no more school..... Until Monday   Dont ask me why but im eating porridge. Its yummm.
Fighting a sore throat.. Few more days hard training then rest next week for Sunday race.. Oooohhh sun's out... Nope.. Gone... 
Good Morning. It's Friday and the start of my work week  But... Lakers are going to take the 4th W tonight. Woohoo GO LAKERS!!!!
@xXHAZELXx: Ok its suppose 2b followfriday not unfollow Friday  aw well I have nice tweeters anyway! &lt;-almost doesnt sound right...lol;)
@MargaretEnright YES!! I made the sign when i noticed it missing on Sunday! So far, no luck... It's now Unlucky Japanese Cat... 
Last Friday of Highschool...that's intense! One more test to go...economics. Ewww man! 
Yeah it's Friday but I have to work at 5am tomorrow  oh well going shopping afterwork
@detrick Hey! So glad it's Friday but not happy that I just ate a bad apple 
Sigh. My metal friends keep planning stuff on Sunday afternoons, when I'm at work. Feeling like I'm losing touch with them 
Yaaaaay Friday.... Oh wait....  I'm working TOMORROW 
Yes!! Finally Friday...which tech means nothing to me since Im currently unemployed 
@brutalhoney I think #FF should be Feline Friday anyways, I want cat pictures. Maybe those are only for Caturday though 
@sizzlemaker Happy Friday! Do u know how I can get a copy of the BT art u did on Mel's fake Twitter? I'm n it, but can't find it now.  THX
Whoo, BGT!! I really must multi-task and do my Art work at the same time though, back at College on Monday!! 
@mattiej Sorry ur so swamped w/ work!!  TGIF!!! Glad #Pens play Sat &amp; Sunday!! 
my girlies @VeeVeeBOMBSHELL &amp; @ReeseCromwell r leavin me today  Vanessa, I'll c u when u'r black *I mean back and Reese, I'll c u Sunday
@suzziequeue  Yes thanks, its been great. Soooooo not looking forward to Monday 
Awake again at 6am on a Saturday, isn't this sleep in day. Oh well have some work to keep busy. If only it was work keeping me awake. 
@BrennaRE Oh yes..i think almost every Tuesday in June. Which dresss, I just bought one, then felt guilty and took it back 
@tutugirl1345 you could say that. I left it in VT and have been Blackberryless since Tuesday Night. I'm lost 
@ausaudriel Well I asked you a few days ago and you said money was the only thing holding you back Saturday or something 
@paulmjohnston Oh I know. For a while they cancelled the 5pm Oxford to Paddington every Friday evening because of staff shortages 
3 day weekend and all I can think of is work waiting to ambush me on Tuesday!   Damn you work!!!
Sorry for the delay in publishing this weeks show  Some technical difficulties during encoding. Will be out asap but may be Saturday.
My birthday is on Wednesday. I'm too young to feel this old. 
Friday!!!!!!!!!! Wooo and nothing to do.  Nuggets better pull it off tonight.
Jus sittn here thinkin....wow yo my boy is really gone! Smh yo! Its bout to be 3 weeks on Sunday!  R.I.P VON
@theCOLORofFIRE i miss you too      i'm so stoked for Sunday!!!  Just finished Gia's shirts for Minn's party!
@glendowz Paul van Dyk JUST left Vancouver.  He was here last Friday.    Played a 3-hour set.
Damn. I ain't got NO MORE kush &amp; got no L to drink. I'm sober on a Friday nite ; I'm bout 2 spazz. WeLL, bak 2 da game I guess. 
@Chrissyyyyyyy Saturday?? I'm in LA tonight 
@DoinItWell Talk tomorrow,eh? Uh huh. How DARE  you have a life on a Friday night!! LOL  I'll check back in a few, but I can't stay late 
Yeah I'm going to bed at 11:30 on a Friday night  too tired to stay up. Have a good one everybunny, sweet dreams, see ya tomorrow.  ~:op
CC LAX won the regional championship. State Semi-finals on Wednesday 6/3.  GO SHAMROCKS!!  Oh, and Mitch is concussed so won't be playing 
I heart Fridays! Wanna know why? Cuz no work till Monday! No rest this weekend  busy busy busy!
Heading for Alabama Sunday, I'm so tired 
Friday night. 10:15pm and I'm already heading for bed. Damn I'm old. 
@superjei Oh noes!  But don't worry, if you send it off on Monday, you will with luck get it back within a week!
@halamazin Awww ya36eech il3aaafya!! Heheh have fun :* laish on a Saturday?? 
@itoinkyou I'm gonna CRYYY! JAY  No more Headlines on Monday nights  or JayWalking, or Stuff We Found on eBay  He was the best! sigh.
Goodbye Jay Leno, I'll miss Saturday and Sunday evenings with you on CNBC Europe. 
SAD  because i'm not going to watch videos until Tuesday. I'm going away. everyone stop making videos until i come back =D
@jandelm Hmmm Why?  Bawal ang sad pag Saturday.
Hi Guys - No1 Son is home from the Navy - Chaos reigns!!! till he goes on Sunday 
Ooh what a lovely weekend it's going to be. Shame I have loads if unpacking still to do before work on Monday  depressed myself now!
@lindslou10  Yeah I'm special sometimes. AND I agree, it is way to early to be up on a Saturday morning.  
At school. Last Day. Signing more yearbooks. Ruby Tuesday in a couple hours. Im about to start crying. 
Lament: I am at WORK. On a Saturday. When the weather is INCREDIBLE. I want to be out cycling! 
Im gonna fail Practical Exams on Monday - Using Delphi!!! 
@orange24 Yeah exactly! Hubby earlier said it'd be traffic on Monday, I didn't get why until he said so.  Summer break went by so fast 
@RalphReagan morning Ralph....my son in law cut the grass last Saturday &amp; did a great job...needs work again. ICK.  Not by me today tho..
Lots to do today. Tickets bought ... Need to clean.. and finish getting packed. Then it's off to the game!! Sad about Wautoma on Monday  
Hello tweeps and new followers! I hope everyone is having a nice Saturday so far. Me? I'm working   Hopefully I can have fun later...
@crystalyn49 Yep, got back late Thursday night! Slept in today to try to recover fromhorrible jet lag!!! I miss vacation 
 apparently SoWa is only open on Sunday. Oh well, more time to climb the monument.
What a great day today! Kinda sad I have to go back to work on Monday  No more vacation until July.
Its Saturday!!  Wait.....thats just another work day in the Navy.   Well then, back to work it is.  Legs today for lunch workout...
NOOO!!! I have to go to Jury Duty on Monday 
Must work on Sunday  I'm going to bed soon..
Ahh Saturday...what happened to all day cartoons???? Oh well have to work any way 
Today is unfollow Saturday. Keri Hilson you're sexy as hell, but sooo boring. Sorry it had to end this way 
Argh stupid brain gave out on me after four hours today . Also Platts will kill me on Monday re lack of work and Paper I is fucked.  
Gah ... Biztrip Monday so I can't use my &quot;get the car inspected on the first day of the month&quot; trick ... LONG lines 
@christopherbate Yeah i was there on Thursday. Brilliant gig it was, poor Nicky having to wear a back brace though 
Millennium MAXS Masters: Oh My God!  Stockholm Joy Division didn't make it to Sunday!
@NiaVardalos Really?? It's all about Friday numbers? I never go to the movies on Fri, always wait til Sat. Imagine many &quot;adults&quot; do, too. 
@JocHDaBoss Lease was up. I'm moving into Greenbrook Apts Friday. I'm living alone  You should come through stranger lol
Pushing Daisies is on tonight &amp; Sunday  opposite Stanley cup finals.  Thank goodness for DVR 
Well,slept my Saturday away.Didn't get what I wanted done today.Long night ahead and very early morning again tomorrow.Goodbye weekend 
Leaving my house and wont be back till Monday.... I'm so scared that I don't have everything.... 
Saturday. Gate's up; lawn mowed; laundry underway; gonna lube bike chain &amp; it is officially Beer:30. Then Dog park. No SoundersFC tonight 
@nancynelson23 Sorry you stayed in on a Friday night.  Very hard to do. But I know your story will be amazing! Can't wait!
finished the show at the Phoenix and is in bed hoping someone was going to be on Facebook  Oh well, Derren Brown on Wednesday
@ work!!! Ready to get off!!! It's Saturday night and I'm working!!! Oh how this sucks!!!!!! 
@VivaLaShoSho Monday!? Oh u really wack! I was thinking Sunday 
Lame. Sitting at home on a Saturday night doing... work...  Oh well, I get paid well for a reason!
That was a long day at work. &quot;close&quot; equaled 10:30pm. :-\ Oh well. Sleep then working 10-close Sunday. w00t w00t 
@RSQViper Archives may not have been running on Friday at the time of your broadcast. Sorry about that 
Ohh bummer. It's just going to be another Sunday today 
@cupcakey88 oh wow, talk about being REALLY late saying happy birthday. Sorry!  Glad your party was fun. My birthday is Thursday.
I wonder  if the school will be open after Monday?...I'm a little under the weather... 
Exams tomorrow and Tuesday  So I'm revising ratio and watching Kate's box set of friends and drinking vimto 
@Dward hahaha I enjoy you thoroughly Edward lol Sorry we missed you Friday night 
Sooo tired! But lets go Jesus! Sunday service  i miss home church (trinity)  love yall
@pbain88 Noo not yet, first one tomorrow! I finish on Friday  What about you?
@inadejesus OMG. Yes, I know  It's this Wednesday already ((((( And yours, next week! Hate youu! 
@Payaso_NTPXXX I'm still laying in bed LOL I thought it was Monday. I was anxiously waiting. Then I realized it's Sunday 
Hmmm, this whole work on Sunday thing is throwing me off  I need some coffee bad!!!
Bummer. Just realised I won't be able to vote on Thursday 
@mediamacaroni Went great! I never made it to the HOP booth, though. Boo.  Did you have a good BEA day Friday?
OMG It's Sunday  That means school is over Thrusday  NOOOO
really hates Sunday mornings.  Sorry Maroon 5.
ahhh ... lazy Sunday. Oh, wait ... scratch that ... dear wifey has other ideas involving actual work. 
Working on a great Sunday     Oh well there will be others.  That's life; you deal with what you have and don't bitch (too much) . . .
Hey twitters.  Lazy Sunday in NYC...gotta luv it. Glad the suns shinin, even if the Cavs didnt make it.  
Pool party on Friday- Don't kno wat I'ma do- I haven't been in the gym  What's a girl 2 do?! *SCREAMING*
@charleneortiz Nope we dont get the MTV movie awards until Monday  but i will be watching the new moon trailer online
@zoocat He carries it, it must have sold out since he left Friday afternoon. Sorry 
@SongzYuuup I'm not there, but here in CT.  Maybe see you on Friday!  Have you forgotten your CT family 
Well, this is what happened on Friday. Sad day  http://twitpic.com/6ch72
@Kdpartak @Kdpartak Nope now tot down and out too  rearranging my Sunday oh well quiet cuddle day  LUV foothills enjoy
I would love to see Sierra Boggess as the Little Mermaid one more time before she leaves.  Maybe I can get there Tuesday.
OK back home now,why is every single camera shop closed on Sunday   Guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow,the clock is ticking...........
@PiscesLikeJosh   Yes I do.  Especially since my PBS isn't showing it until Saturday.    #groban
We had a great bash last night! No BBQ  But everybody was there and the place was oooozing with STYLE, ha! Now time for a chilling Sunday!
It's Monday tomorrow!  Ugh! That means early morning and sitting in school at like 7:45am like a loser...freaking out about a Maths exam!
Man it is already Sunday and i still have homework  Well I might as well start it. Only 8 more school days left.
Fuckin' great end to a weekend no gig on Wednesday 
@SexyKellyC it is 11:15pm and with it being Monday morning fast approaching the partying is OVER. Just work for me this week. Boring 
Well, it's Sunday night, and the twits weekend is almost at an end.  Going back home tomorrow.
@karensugarpants the hills are amazing! Season finally was Sunday right? Ugh, I missed it! 
Well I said I would drag the fine weather north from Ashburton for Monday and here it is. Didn't bring that wind though 
Watching the Weather Channel, Tweeting and reading my FB. What a dull Sunday evening. BTW it's going to rain all week AGAIN 
I'm at dinner. Was gonna see Star Trek on IMAX but it apparently is only showing Friday and Satuday.  Oh well. I might see it normal size
Damn, I'm so sad that everyone is in Atlanta, and I still have to wait until Wednesday 
So I was moved out of my apt and all my belongings moved into a new place that wont be ready until Thursday, so Im homeless until then!  
Sooo not looking forward to tomorrow...how can it be Monday already? Not fair! 
Just found out that my sis isn't coming home from the hospital until Tuesday! Ughh! 
Hmmm Monday again - same old, same old 
Nooooo...it's Monday again tomorrow! 
Whoa, I didn't realize that it was already Monday, and it's JUNE! Why did Summer had to end so fast! 
@sorchamorrigan That blows! I woke up with the beginnings of a migraine at 2AM. Sorry you lost a Sunday to the monster 
Finally left work. Geez and tomorrow is Monday 
Is not looking forward to Monday  Booo!!!
@MarcieHeartsNY heya! Yeah I noticed :p I been sick  damn this cold weather!!! Had Friday and today off work. Getting better tho. How r u?
@starleigh2000 Yeah it's actually 8 hours and 40 minutes, I was being wishful. I was napping earlier and forgot it was Sunday. Ugh. 
Hmm... seems that I didn't receive the &quot;Monday is a public holiday in Norway&quot; memo 
Ahhh! Exams start on Wednesday  I'm so not ready !
@amyleona I know!!! I was so pissed when she died. And tell Tara I said Howdy. Oh and Thursday I won't be seeing you guys 
Airport  Kelly I'll miss u :'(  See u in July (:
All day Sunday I could not stop napping and now I can't stay asleep! Grrrrr my body is already on a summer sleep pattern  torture!
I want to meet Hey Monday! Accccck! 
After slightly oversleeping, I sat up quickly in bed and had to ask @haydenwreyford if it was Monday.  I'm sad my weekend is over 
Just burnt my dinner, see this is why I don't cook Grrr! Missing my mums Monday Roast even more right now 
Monday...Ugh. I'm feeling pretty terrible...tired, and achy and kinda sick. 
Is it really Monday already? Gosh. Well I guess that means I have to go to school. 
Is it really a rainy Monday? Ugh, thus only adds to a stressful week!  FML
Not only is it Monday, its the day I pay rent. Grrr...double whammy.  I'm officially broke until tomorrow when I'll only be mostly-broke 
Huh Monday.. Don't make me do it.. Don't make me work in a box all day 
Sooooo tired!! Monday came all to fast 
I'll be there - just nudge me if I doze off eh? hehehe! Sorry we missed you Saturday at Andy's grad party 
R won't be in today. Boooooooo! Now I'm sad.  I haven't seen her since Thursday.
Um.  F*ck Monday.    Anyone around to cuddle?  I just got some awful news.
@JamieReneeATX You suck  I'm leaving you next Friday though!! HA!
@kissmybleep HAHAHAH ! Nooo ! There are so many interesting stuff in StumbleUpon.com ! Aliw eh ! First day of classes on Monday 
Too many people came to take the exam today--the room was full when I got there--gotta wait til Wednesday now  Oh well another day to prep
Good Monday! I'm having a bad/sad monday  Hoping it gets betterrr! Wallowing in sadness is so unattractive! LOL. I've got 2 get it 2getha.
Good Monday! I'm having a bad/sad monday  Hoping it gets betterrr! This weather is not Helping !
Happy Monday all! Let's get through this one quick!  6am drive to San Diego, I think Im gonna need  2 Five Hour shots today.  
Good Monday! I'm having a bad/sad monday  Hoping it gets betterrr! Plus this Weather is not Helping!
NOOO!!! Why does it have to thunderstorm on my first day of summer break!  I hate Monday's!! tear tear. I hate lightning!!!!! i scared....
Omg Monday 
@l_m_t_w Yeah, i went to this comic book thing for a bit. I know i suggested Friday, but we never got round to organising anything. 
bets presale is Thursday. Sod's law, my final exam (forever and ever, Amen) starts at 0930 that day 
@jimmymarsh617  i wanna go. Friday is my bday. Dammit!!!
@mazzlestar Phonebill problem  no texts until Thursday I'm afraid xx
At the bus stop alone  Missing dreamy guy. Oh well, it's only Monday, plenty of chances to sit on the bus with him!
Tuesday morning. I wonder what the day has in store for me? Am hoping a good coffee. Seeing as our machine is broken I may not be in luck 
End of day is near. Why do I feel like nothing is complete today?  I have such high hopes when I open my eyes in the am. Oh Monday 
So my birthday is on Friday and STILL no plans 
@Taylorswift13 Hey Taylor! i saw you at the Today show on Friday and I wish i could see you in concert but i can't...too expensive 
@Tweetygirl6 True that. And I missed going to the store.  I'll pick up the DG on Wednesday. I'm heading out in 15 minutes
@Jonasbrothers Aww guys I won't be able to make it! I'm going on a class trip to Gettysburg for 3 days on Thursday. Darn.  love you guys.
@Bukowsky Am I supposed to wait until Wednesday to see Lola?? 
Just found out my favorite wrestler was released from the WWE today. Now I have no reason to watching Monday Night RAW. 
@Shedletsky Hey, can you tell me when you are planning to release the candle hat? I've been wanting to buy it sense Friday 
@DrMitch Dude, its been doing that here since Thursday. Doesn't look like anyone can have nice weather 
Just got home my end of the month went pretty well... Now can't wait fir my mini vacation that starts on my b-day on Thursday... I'm old 
@sorrybtr and @dpad13 I just RSVP'd you guys for the party you said you'd go to with me this Saturday night. Don't make a liar outta me 
I loved Conan and Will Ferrell! Heading to Boston on Thursday for the last BC trustee meeting of 2008-2009. 
@littlebitlil LUCKY! I still have school this week.. next week I have Monday and Tuesday off. That's all.  UGH! You're going to see Zooey!
Just joined Seventeen's Hey Monday's autographed album's contest. I hope I can win one.... hopefully 
Oh wow! I picked up the wrong Laugh Digest! I've read this one last Saturday... Sadly, I brought only these two with me. 
@suvanaa Noooo thats just @lufii, @Ch3lz and @FraserIsReal. Mine is Monday... although I have 2 that day 
Hmm - it's Tuesday, and yet it doesn't feel any better than yesterday. Health fail 
@katyperry Hi katy, I just found out you're not playing at the Leeds Summer ball this Friday, so gutted 
OMG! Just opened my email... I have to learn the lead to a song by Saturday. Ughh, they're killing me 
@hoff_vdk YAY, Hoff! Congratulations on MVP, you definitely deserve it.Didn't get a chance to talk to you on Saturday, sorry  #rollerderby
@Aspedition Sorry about tonight  Yeh, Thursday plan sounds good.
Planned a movie date for Wednesday, which's tmrw. But my stomach don't want to. Well, we haven't go on a date for several weeks.... 
@alzonts3 oh hi wish I could have said a proper farewell on Sunday  Why do you hate it?
@IAMChavonStaten omg, its like 62 degrees here in Syracuse. I'm missing the city already. I'm here til Friday 
i'm getting sleepy.......oh man...Tuesday...arg,first day of school!gonna wake up 4am again.Sigh.7 hours of sleep only! Grrr... 
@zyber17 Sorry, all out of beta slots  But trying to submit this Friday, so you shouldn't have to wait too long (I hope).
@kim18melissa Oh no  I'm sure you didn't do bad (Y) I've got Chem and Chem resit tomorrow, Bio on Thurs and Physics on Friday. =/
Argh, I want it to be Friday so I can have The Sims 3 as well. 
Ughh headache , gig Monday ... Can't go though  gotta get a fill in drummer.,. Calling up my backup now ! Hahaha
Whoo whoo The Fire Escape, again, Friday, Come hang! Please vote for us on Rock the Dash  we really wanna win.
@BrittanyCurran Sapo Verde. Sorry I couldnt make it on Sunday. 
WHOO-HOO! So excited 4 new phone (sorry sidekick  it'll b ok we'll always hav July lol)
@BlissLauderdale Ughh Ive heard!! Unfortunately my flight leaves Thursday night!! 
Argh I have no vehicle and neither does my other half, haven't seen him since Friday. Kind of frustrating 
@GuadaFK - Im going to be in SF from Friday to Monday  thats crazy. Call Vanessa she is going out on Friday night. Miss you Tortas Forever
@SdVintageVixen Awwwww!  if you guys wanna come get me next Sunday I'm def going up next week! If not I can coaster it
@Zarabadoo Yes, but I'll be at WWDC and flying back on Saturday, instead.  Check with @z3rr0 who is hopefully still doing it.
@CheyanneBrae Hi! I'm flying in Thursday  night and off again Monday afternoon. What a shame you can't make it 
OMG got loads of catchin up to do on Friday afternoon why Sony why  of all the bloody weeks E3 rocked
@camtwin I know!  Go with us tom to Tags! But you can't sleep over right? Boo. Friday then! I think we're going out!
I really thought we were gonna win,  let's gooooo #sfgiants! Oh well I'm going to playboy mansion Saturday.
Argh. Can't believe the Lock-In's rescheduled for Monday. 
Been nice isent good!Saturday I was nice &amp; told my father inlaw his potato salad was nice!! Now he's just cum round with loads 4 me 
@ThomasBond Bah I'm at work today, sorry  Yeah might come out Saturday. You not going to Varsity tonight then?
@PixiePolaroid lol Ooops! What did you do?? Nope sorry, it's only Wednesday 
Bad mood on Wednesday....Sorry guyz 
@cookiemonster82 Exams start Sunday and the ZOMG is busy studying. Poo  .. Which is also why I'm never online these days. OKgottastudyBYE!
I can't get up.. Soooo tired but Wednesday is here. I need a vacation 
@2tired2move Well, clearly I need a minder! I'm such a last minuter that trying to engage w Sunday readings on Tues is a real challenge 
Geez...last day of school is Friday &amp; I forgot. 
@TheFamulus Good afternoon  Yeah we've been told we'll have rain by Friday and it'll last all weekend and possibly into next week too 
Hi all! Have been MIA frm Twitterverse as my daughter has been sick since Saturday (ugh!) She's getting better but still home from school 
Is dreading Friday.. Missus dragging me to see Take That. 
@charp Until Friday only  Sorry, I should have tweeted about it more, been too busy while here this week
Gosh, I'm hungry today   Just started working out again Monday, so maybe my metabolism is moving back up again.
ready for the weekend. And its only Wednesday.  Yikes!
got a call about my job interview from Monday-- they offered the position to someone else. *sigh* Oh well.  The search continues...
@Schlanghole I'll be editing a whitepaper tonight.  But Kate and I will be @motorflower video Saturday. Yeah!
@ATLCheap Just an FYI, the Free IMAX showing on Tuesday's sold out   Thanks for the heads up though!  I really enjoy your site.
If I had a paycheck this week, I would be going to greenville/summerfest on Saturday. Sorry, @dividethesea. 
@Adrianna that's sounds excellent! Enjoy! Time for me to get up  Hello Friday!
Exams are finally over but back to school for 6th year on Monday... Damn. 
@Josette_Myrick I'm so sorry  ... but, hey, it is Friday 
@OrientalBanana YAY!! I'm looking forward to watching it!! Too bad it won't get here until Monday 
Working today, and tonight....booo  Kinda nervous for Grad on Monday...
Ok. How can it go from being 23 degrees on Monday to 11 degrees now? Insane and typically British. 
Hello everyone, thanks for the Friday follows, I'm rubbish today and haven't done any yet sorry 
Ok...must get motivated for 5K on Sunday...nervous I wont hit the time I want. Training hasnt been as good with this stupid heel 
Friday dvd was scratched so we could only watch the music videos on it.  we watched Mighty Boosh instead!
Scared for Monday. Really scared  The Bolsheviks are coming to get me!!! Argh!
Okayyyy. When's 8p Pacific Friday? Cause I have no idea when it is. And Im gunna get on twitter and not be able to twitter. 
Sittin' in an airport on Friday night!!!  It rained at Miami Beach today. Sad times....
@FrankieTheSats Woo! Coming to my hometown, have fun, Frankie!! Just a shame that I'm going to Take That on Wednesday 
@alisoncook OMG. Never has a Burger Friday depressed me so much. Lankford's was next on my list. 
I'd have to say my Follow Friday is @ninjaigang - bloody awesome webshow (i'm a kung fu fanatic :p ) *SIGH* reminds me of David Carradine 
isn't gonna pout that there's no Sacred Dance tonight..  oops! ;) hehe Okay, everything for a reason.. and it's Friday! YAY! *happy dance*
@beyondhaas at the end of the month though  iPhone announcement on Monday!!! Let's take a break at work to be sucked into the mind warp!
We'll be doing another Pro-Am Comedy show soon ... set for Friday at 8pm Pacific ti.... oh crap, that won't work.   ... plan B.....
@jeremywright Well crap. I didn't know that. I'd have made sure to see you before I left town Sunday AM. 
Ughh nothing to do in boca on a Friday nightt 
@Dave_Annable Just wnted to say I love your show and can not wait til fall.... Sunday nights just are not the same anymore... 
Omg this is so not how I planned my Friday to be 
@epodcaster Thought that banning food vendors was a bad move. Sorry to see it's making an impact on First Friday. 
@Meriffic @JacobDrake Wings = yes. Maybe we can change our Corks night into Winghouse night? I won't know a night til like, Monday 
Going to bed early!! Well, being a loser with romina &amp; watching the lifetime movie network...no words. Leaving Aruba Sunday 
Has a Friday night off, and is WAY too sick to do anything. 
Taking my car BACK in on Monday  I'm guessing I'll be car-less for another couple of weeks 
Twitter withdraw finally over.. Welcome back twitter. My Friday night friend. 
Bmore - I'm sorry...but this party is wack 4 a 1st Friday.   No one dancing hard - unheard of in Chi...
Uh oh, Sunday for Monday. 
Its FRIDAY, I'm in love!!!!!  Well, its actually Saturday now... I guess I missed my window  awww
Damn I hate working on a Saturday 
Not bad... but I have to take a test which is called TEPS! So I'm studying now even though it's Saturday! 
Monday evening -&gt; Sister Act 2 with the wonderfull Lauryn Hill!!! Ohh I miss The Fugees  
@lucytrew Sorry @lucytrew, I'm going to 2manjDJs tonight so I'm not back in until tomorrow and then I'm off on Monday 
Loong weekend! No sleeping in and I'll be on the go the whole time! Maybe take a nap Sunday afternoon after Adams party  busy busy
School starts on Monday.  ) WUUUH! Sucks. Well,Need to deal with it. :| :| :| Justine is going back tomorrow! YEEEEEEEEEEY!
Up at 5:45 am on a Saturday...REALLY hating my life this morning... 
Omg, it's early as h-e double hockey sticks and it's Saturday! Wth?? I should really still be sleep!! 
Getting ready to go to Houston. Damn gonna be there till Tuesday.  Gonna miss my girlfriend.&lt;3
@angelface0608 Yeah I have to wait to call someone about it. Then I have no idea how long until someone can fix it since it's Saturday 
Awake at a something on Saturday!!! Noooo 
@AndrewAckroyd Argh  Hopefully today will be better. What does Mr Ackroyd have planned for Saturday then?
At work on a Saturday    Going car shopping after work though...YEAH!!!!  I'm getting rid of the sexy mobile!!!!  Lol
Why does my son's coach always schedule a practice on Saturday? I'm supposed to be at the gym. 
At work...on a Saturday   Oh well, at least its not super nice out
Please Rain on Monday!! I want a Super heavy rain so that our classes will be suspended.. Please? I beg you.. 
@IlynLopez Is Jonah coming on Monday? She's not replying 
@AshleyLTMSYF Hello Ashley I'm from Singapore. Was at your concert on Thursday and I wanted to get one of those books but they sold out. 
 another Saturday without MO. Glad Rachel is coming over!
Is gettin my Michael Jackson on while doin my Saturday mornin cleaning... Yeah started kinda late... I should of been done by now. 
Watching &quot;Freaky Friday&quot;. There is nothing else on tv .....  Oh well. I have seen this movie so many times.
Thank u Gayle for beating Aussssies..Just take them out of this tournament!! SL is beating them again on Sunday..go home aussies 
@tim_kirby @dnas2 I often wonder why we do comms for some events. Next Sunday I'm being picked up at 04:00 for Windsor Triathlon 
@CHUBCHKS Mmm nope I'm going Saturday I'm gunna miss atb  but u have to try in go!
@HayleyWalton tonsilitis darling! Dr's 1st thing Monday or down UGC 2moro m'lady! Does that mean won't b seeing u this wk/end  miss u all
Looking forward to WWDC! Should I just skip school for it or what? Damn! Physics test on Wednesday 
Glad Wednesday's test is only 45 minutes - enough time to keep up with WWDC! Pity about school... 
Lovely day out today!! Hittin up Starbucks and places with @marta_p! Ugh school on Tuesday 
@MarcVibbert Sorry no  I'm currently in the least populated county in CA. If you still need anything on Monday I can hook you up.
Hurray! Parents are having a party next Sunday!Oh wait, dad forgot to tell mom that he's gonna be out of town so I have to stay and help. 
@mag_tweets Nah, I actually have waaaaaaaay too much preparation to do for Disney on Monday to go anywhere. :/ Sorry 
@viddythis newstalk have said it will not go up till Monday. Sorry, out of our control. 
Hmmm  going to be missing our best healer and best dps Sunday~ Hopefully enough for a few Yogg tries.
@scifimlb Hi Michael! Sorry about da Migraine.   It's Saturday... you should be able to sleep in!
@ChristianCate. How's Dukey? I can't believe he leaves Monday!! 
Darn @givemecherrypomWe missed the #Fireworks for the #Billy Bowlegs Pirate Festival. They went up Friday at 8:00pm. 
@Suzi_OConnell Ooh, sounds like good combo! I'm still deciding between Hangover or Angels &amp; Demons for Monday matinee. I heard rain too 
Saturday night  plans canceled. Damn. And I look so cute in this dress 
This the first Saturday I'm in this early in eons! This is when a wife comes in handy... 
Sigh.    C'mon guys.  Where's the team that played Thursday night?
@eazid: Darn @givemecherrypom We missed the #Fireworks for the #Billy Bowlegs Pirate Festival. They went up Friday at 8:00pm. 
Stupid driving exam is on Wednesday.  Why am I so nervous? 
has 1/3 done of studying for finals FOR TODAY. Not counting HW  Which means more studying come Monday; Sundays are ALWAYS my day off 
I'm to sad to reply to everyone.. Sorry  I'm going to bed.. Last game for me.. Leaving on Monday for Jacksonville
@waxingpoetic75 Oh have you all been having parties w/o me on Saturday nights?    I'm just trying to stay out of trouble
@JewellsAvenue I've been bad in that department. Haven't been writing. Monday I'm back focused.   It's horrible. How about you--writing?
Anyone want to loan me 30 dollars till Friday so I can pay my car payment? Didn't think so... FML! 
@albynomonk Yeah! I guess. So, going back to work on Monday... ugh, must be horrible after such a relaxing week 
@erbower Oh no, really???  We had such a diff. experience on a Sunday midday. Stinks!
YAY! my mums home. With food i hope. lol jj. But i am kinda hungry. Nah its Sunday so the shops arent open here 
@ILUVNKOTB Cool! You had a way better Saturday than me. I drank until I made an ass out of myself in front of my family... 
@tanrod yeah my pics don't show the detail and the stars! Sorry  I'll tell Jess to take a pic on Monday! K
Ninalizing my school stuffs for Tuesday! Grrrr. School! Nooo! I'll be a Junior already! 
Start work on Monday, so adios playoff beard. I'm already missing it  Oh, and the Pens collapsed tonight, but there's always game 6.
Having fun in vegas with family! Kinda sad that I missed today's and Monday's Youtube meetups. 
Someone just said &quot;Bye, beautiful&quot; when we left... teehee. Haahahaha! He was cute too. Ugh. Do we have to leave on Monday? 
-- um yea - going back to the doc on Thursday for follow up blood tests and to inquire about pain in side   Damn - I am a mess !
@margaretelaine Yeah for real  I'm pretty sure it's going to last till Monday. I'll end up at the doctors haha
@xxzombiegirlxx the deadline for it is like on Thursday na! :O DAMN. I`ve got lots of things to do. 
hates when both her and Phil are working on a Sunday. I get up an hour earlier than I usually do  YAWN
hate hate hate hate hate hate Norwegian. Exam on Tuesday. Dont wanna 
@theloveofpink I saw. Thinking of u. x0x. Dad's apartment flooded on Friday night. We were up all night trying to clear the water. 
hoping the weather clears up for next weekend. Well have to go get ready for work now  Hate Sunday working.
Update  - Well, as I posted Friday was scheduled to be a busy day but I never expected it to end up the way... http://tumblr.com/xfj1z2xt1
Woke up to the smell  of chicken being cooked. Ummm....Sunday Roast.... Unfortunately,  the smell is not coming from my house. 
OMFG SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Tired. Only slept like 6 hours since Tuesday night.  Prob gonna K.O. at the hospital in the waiting room or whatever.
Damn just started thinking of work tomorrow  have doctors Tuesday, have expressed I need the time off for that!!
@lucylumcfly Lol yeah :L Erm i have got science on Wednesday, a pre release one  Did you do it? xx
Arg. Sunday. Don't wanna go to work. Wanna sleeeeeeep. 
@agent760 Oh god why? Such a waste of a beautiful Sunday  .
Okay yay it's Sunday! Not  must feed my addiction and watch weeds! And see the hangover tonight! Cedar point was so fun but exhausting!
@Bizarre57 Hiya!! How's things? I had a cruisy Sunday... work tomorrow! 
@studentbuddha Yeah  I have finals this coming week so Saturday night went down the drain for me.
NOOOOOOO, it is Monday tomorrow.... I Hate Mondays 
@NicoleWTHR Omg, I even drove to Chick-fil-A today for lunch before realizing it was Sunday. I was bummed.. 
Hmm what's going on at west Covina on Saturday? Please someone fill mr in! I missed the vfc chat 
Dreading Wednesday. Imma miss @Marissa_Fierce  June better go by fast. Hmm. Tomorrow should be really amazing!!!
Somehow twitter made me unfollow @BillHarper  Wonder if it unfollowed anyone else important on my behalf? Grr to Monday
@Zombie_Sharks I'm going to be in LA on Tuesday 
Yep, it's fukn Monday again 
Home and tireddd. Monday tomorrow  Oh well, 10 days of school left.
Okay so Monday starts my career &quot;remix&quot; -if you will. Wish me luck. I'm excited and also... full of radio active nerves 
Yes...  @little_d1976 Okay Monday, no sit-ups today, lots to do! ;-)
Its 10.50 am on Monday and I'm already wishing for the weekend ! Sometimes, too many things to do puts me off.Sigh 
@carltonf Yo, I'm not working at Wilson's anymore. I quit on Friday....long story. So I won't see ya there anymore.  CPU Nerds! #CentralMo
@Sarinninja Can't make Bonnaroo   Just been working &amp; waiting for Thursday.  We're going to CLT a day early since I got Fri off after all
Grrrrr!!! Went 2 personal Yahoo page and it's redesigned!  Can't find the Sunday Funnies!  Thanks a lot Yahoo!!!  
Hmph - Dell online still has my order from Thursday as &quot;Order Confirmed&quot;, hasn't been upgraded to it being built. Not cool 
God I HATE Monday mornings ! 
The screen broke on my cell now I can't txt til I get a new 1  Guess that's what I get 4 buggin @MariahCarey so much Saturday night lol 
@rollernews Hang in there you can do it! Take the day 1 hour at a time. My Monday officially starts in 14 minutes 
@cloverdash Yea  And to make it worse I thought it was Tuesday
Meh. Left some shopping on the train on Friday and now find that my sunglasses were probably in the same bag 
SOOO much homework. For reals, I haven't stopped doing homework since I woke up on Saturday....and now it's really really late 
@chaaachaaa Nooo, I'm gonna be gone camping on Friday. 
Forget to wear my Hey Monday wristband today  haha
Sunday Sale. FAIL. How embarrassing 
Yuck.. Monday morning.  Getting ready for work. 
Monday Morning blues  Why does the wkend go so fast?! Oh well, least we've got some fab bingo offers to cheer us up! See bingobase.com x
@Traceyspacey Lawdy 3 telephone meetings? What a way to start a Monday. 
@mediocre_mum Im great considering it's Monday  . At least it's raining so feel a little better. Hope u had a nice weekend.
Yawn..... Yawn...... And Yawn...... Monday...... 
Oh no not Monday again...! And rainy  Maybe a wee trip to my favourite Waxy's will help..!
Too hot to sleep last night, dragging this morning.  Hello Monday.  Blech.  
Let misery week commence. No allergy meds becuz of test Saturday. Sneezing already 
come on #Squarespace  You know you wanna hook it up since i just lost my phone on Sunday 
Is it really Monday already?  Really?  Off to work.  Can't tweet from work.  That makes me 
@shoptilldrop really foggy here  but that doesn't stop the dogs' WALK us looks! Glad Monday ain't so bad. Plain sailing once that's gone
Ahhhh..wish I could sleep for one more hr, before going into work...its Monday morning..! 
@EmergeMarketing Miley will be at the BOK Center October 12th.  Just gave away the tickets    Tix went on sale Saturday...still some left!
Nooooooooo it's Monday already? 
MNF - Monday Night Football!!!  Oh wait...its June 
This is a beautiful Monday morning with ten pages of Newtrak waiting for me, and thats only one of my steps. Oh and 6 complaints to type 
@laroux74 We're at The Sad Cafe Friday night too, but I'm not sure its any closer for ya  We should have rockin' new shirts by then though
startin my Monday...BLAH 
Okay. Monday is here, but without my @sarahetc. She's off playing with Zooey Glass, which while YAY for them, is boo for me. I'm at work 
feeling a little better...but my eyes got PO'd and puffed up on me  Maybe I shouldn't have spent all day Sunday napping with the dogs...
Southern Miss lost to Texas last night in the CWS in the worst possible way. A ninth inning walk to win   Let's hope they win Tuesday
Still waiting for my bulb to come for my DLP TV. Scheduled to be here on Tuesday. Guess 2 day delivery doesn't mean you get it in 2 days. 
Ohhh yeah, it's a Monday.... 
@brittneysaxberg Buenos Dias!! Did you make it this mornin?? I hate Monday's   Especially after the Lakers Win
@Jammie75 Hey, she was going to be 2 in July. It's so sad. She was so young. I'm sorry for your's also. 
@Payroll_Joe Yeah...wish I could stay Friday but I can't 
Well.... I have spent the last 4 hours using a shop vac to get all the water out of my basement while it was storming. Great Monday 
Blerg I have no cash  just got paid on Friday too! Guess this is the price I pay for going on holiday...
It is definitely a Monday! I'm wearing bright yellow and I don't feel all that sunny 
I may be quitting poker soon.  I failed to qual for WSOP on Stars.  If I fail this Sunday on Full Tilt, Im done with poker for good.  
More McD LPGA: Sadly, @TheChristinaKim and @morganpressell were already gone when I arrived Sunday, so didn't see them around. 
Welcome to Monday!   Glad Tina had a great weekend!
Hello Monday! Glad to see you here. Someone has a dentist appointment today  not happy!
@Surroundings Sorry I missed Thursday.  Look forward to reading your post about it. PS I am almost out of peonies in my garden. 
@chichi572 Im excited! Not sure if I will make the party Friday night or night  depends on when we leave!
Mmm. Tio's. Wisdom teeth out in Friday. 
BORED!! Trying to revise for exam on Wednesday 
@FaketragedyCom Yeah. Sigh.  But, off tomorrow and Wednesday! =D
Ok, barely made it thru this Monday.....Time for a cookie break, then off to do more work. 
I wish I didn't start school Monday I'd so stay in LA waayy longerrrr 
Guess where I'll be this Saturday? Babysitting 4 kids. Guess where I WON'T be? At Matisyahu. 
If the quality of a weekend is measured by time spent away from a PC, then mine was GREAT! Too bad Monday had to come back around 
@hollywoody ugh that blows hun ... I just figured you were sleeping off Saturday.  Sorry sweetie   Figured I would just eventually c u.
Watching Harpers Island from Saturday night. Sorry @gabebourland, you will have to watch it online. 
Not looking forward to my very first GYN visit on Thursday. Ugh. Don't know what to expect 
ummmm... I just woke up in total confusion.  Oh yeah, it's Monday evening.  Where is everybody? I'm home alone... 
I miss my boys already. November is too far away and I don't even have tickets for Wembley.  Anyway, I'm in pain so I'm off to bed. Night.
@omegajune I know what you mean   My mondays usually get better, around 4pm Thursday...my last day of work for the week at my day job UGH
Why do I hve 2 work on Wednesday  BA is offering 1hotel nights stay and $800,-- if I can fly 2morrow!!!! ARGH!!!!!
@jenni52743 Im DVRing it too but can't c it til Saturday.  Does he look good??
Damn, I am so fucking tired. I am not excited for finals starting Wednesday 
I switched my morning shift tomorrow for Wednesday. AWESOME. Now I can SLEEP after tonight. 
@robmuch AHHHH!!! My shirt got delivered today... But I won't get home till Friday!!!! 
Oh my gosh! Let's help @peterfacinelli (a.k.a. Dr. Carlisle Cullen of Twilight) to gain 500,000 followers by Friday. If not.. 
Just got Squeaker from the Vet.  We have the hardest decision of our lives to make by Wednesday... I'm very sad tonite.  
@mariolozano Yup its her.  When I saw that movie last Friday, I was like hey Its Kate, wifey is like who?.then I said...oh no one.  
#True Tuesday: My boyfriends sex game is.... ehh.  Shhh!
@sunnymchao Nah I did volunteer work today! I do it every Tuesday. I haven't heard from the other one yet! 
Argh, I'm sooo sleep :'( Still havn't started my English assignment due 1st session Thursday 
@ollie_francis 5 weeks is ages! Exams went OK I think. I get results on Friday... 
@MissHKS, Yep,she's in the States until next Friday 
@Akelaa Yeahhh, he just left this past Thursday which was really rough. Trying to keep myself busy. He's gone for a year 
wonders if Saturday's sunshine was all the summer we are going to get??? Hmmm 
@IIDX_Nyami Actually since Miyuki works on Sunday, we won't be able to make medieval times 
I'm going to see Matt in SHOUT! on Friday. I can't wait, I'm sure he'll be amazing. Gah, he's already amazing! I wish he'd said yes 
@hoybea We all don't have time na.  Dude ! Thursday lunches ? ;;)
Hah! watta boring day! Its the first day of school since there's no Monday classes for me.. Hey? Am i dreaming? crazy. yeah.. funny? 
@jenvegas so true  you KNOW... once stina's in cali, maybe we can schedule a weekly Monday night video chat!!1
@coopertracy Oh, we will have to incorporate this nugget into our routine Sunday School. Looked for your nieces but didn't see them! 
Ok so we're playing this game still?  Night 2 of no sleep.  So the only night I got sleep in two weeks was Friday.  I'm sleepy. 
My mum just bought me a car as an early BD pressie. It's coming on Sunday. Why don't i even feel a tiny bit excited? 
Damn it I thought today was Wednesday! 
YAY! Just finished college. Damn my epilepsy, I think I've failed the course. I had a seizure on Friday, couldn't go in. I had work due! 
is watching Detective Conan Movies on youtube  amazing. I fell ill  Shit. Hurricane on Friday.
Tap tap tap tap revenge!!! Leaving on Thursday. I'm really gonna miss some people...  But I'm gonna have fun!!! 
In ocean city till Friday for AVP! Then of to NYC for another. Won't be home till monday  I miss it!!!!
@CritiktheDj LOL I know right?? Uhhh no I wish I can't miss work  were getting everything ready for the students graduation on Friday..
Vacation starts in exactly 25 minutes. Going to the Mall of America tomorrow!! Won't be back until Sunday night. No Internet 
@tristanwilds Well..it's Tuesday so i'm wishing that 90210 was still on  lol. Are you still in prague?
@Jrodriguezmusic Sorry    I wasn't done moving my stuff on Sunday till 10:30! But i'm done now, heading to Hooter's with Ashley tomorrow!
@alexkontis nah  I have drama on Friday then extra english next tuesdaay, have you finished yet? Argh august is aaages away! =]
@30SECONDSTOMARS Sorry to be so pushy guys. Just sleep deprived &amp; anxious about MAYBE missing Saturday  hope not. love 2 all &amp; goodnight x
@stunnell Yup  Good thing I'm paid on Friday!
@JordanSykes Nope, not yet. Friday is the last one. 
I miss my boys already. November is too far away and I don't even have tickets for Wembley. Anyway, I'm still in pain. Off to bed. Night. 
@DizzyMalfoy omgggg did u see the Hello Kitty apps for the iphone?! Ron is getting one on Friday 
Dear APPLE - NEWSFLASH - It's June 17 in Sydney! Where's my iPhone upgrade?  The whole world is on PST now?
Podcast editing finally finished, will go up tomorrow or Thursday. We had some recording issues tho.  [Andy]
Alright. It is SOOO Wednesday 17th. Where's my 3.0?! 
Okay.. spaghetti bowl #2 comin up. I need some cash in my life ASAP. I miss my Tuesday wings. 
@issuekid - Hey! So I just remembered Squeek &amp; Ruthie's wedding is Saturday morning. So prob. no Lancaster on Friday night 
Sorry again..really bummed I can't update to 3.0 till Saturday 
Finally, finally, finally. All Tweetdeckness is installed. So now back to Tuesday night. Oh its 9pm. 
@AshleeReign Ohhhh....I really like the sound of this!!  Wish you could be here for my birthday on Friday. 
@amberjones5 @jesslreed I may have to cancel on dinner Friday. Family might be coming to town. Sorry. 
@GCofOBM Nooo  I'll be back by Friday! Watch! We still gotta hang!!
@sdtips - Hmmm, that's interesting. Had breaky there Sunday, no notice then. Sheesh, at least they aren't going the Crescent Heights way 
@imOutasight Oh word Okay, soon as u return I'm about to leave on Sunday  ...maybe my last show this Friday! I'm gonna text u!
I better be better by Thursday! I need to go to Regina. NEED TO! I'm so excited, so my sickness better not ruin it 
Ugh time warner cable makes me want to scream!!! They won't be able to come until Friday!!!! Ugh!!!!! 
@CoyotegurlNikki It sucks because Im not sure I will see you until Tuesday 
@ledisi Hey lady! Thanks for my shout out Saturday. That made my night! I do owe you a hug! I didn't have a pass so no backstage for me. 
@jo_electric Watched the new Friday the 13th. Boobs everywhere. None of them Jared Padalecki's manboobs,either. 
Good morning Wednesday!!  Omg I really can't be assed today 
@mikeyleung Sorry I missed your going away party. I was doing Cyclone Aila relief in Southern Bangladesh that Friday 
@sir_yessir Oh man! I want to! But I'm heading back up to school on Thursday 
Next Tuesday, Im doing the Stephenson HS class of '98 reunion @ Primal!!!.  We didnt have 10-yr reunion.  
It's only Wednesday? Oh god 
@ddlovato Your first show is the weekend of my sweet sixteenth! Whatta shame I'm like halfway across the globe   Um,is it on the Sunday?
not a millionaire (yet) - purchased the WRONG Big Wednesday ticket 
Going to bed now! Wednesday is the launch of the iPhone 3.0 software update! Woo! My goal tomorrow is to find a high speed connection. 
just tried to update TweetDeck only to have the installation fail   having to use the web interface for now ... Hello Wednesday morning :/
@grneyezchatrbox  good luck. Oh and Monday would be better, and how much are the tix gonna be?
http://twitpic.com/7m0jb - @WillieGomez One more  We did not see you in after show on Sunday 14TH  You know if there will be one af ...
@Waynestadt thinking the new place down the road - 'the kitchen' what are you doing today? Sorry i missed Saturday eve - flu- 
Damn, there and I was feeling all confident about my Canadian visa application ... and the consulate was closed on Monday 
@DonnieWahlberg Hope to see you on Friday!!!  Last Sat. - waited all day in rainy NJ but no ddub hug    Still LOVE you!!
@LuxiTheOfficial thats whats up. Id try to come see ya but I got fam coming for our concert ob Friday too so Imma have to come next time 
Damn. Just realised am volunteering at a school science day on Monday- ordinarily YAY Science but M has the day off so  to missing him
UPS says my #iPhone 3G S is being held for a future delivery date. Guess that means I have to wait until Friday after all? 
@FrustratedFury Ugh, do we really need 100 degrees on Friday?  I hope to god the humidity's low. *cries*
Am very freakin excited bout goin to c Britney's circus for 3rd (and last  ) time on Friday in Dublin!!! Livin legend look but dont touch
@lelro 17th July  You're so damn lucky!! My last exam (for this year) is on Friday, so theres really actually no need for me to be here.
I'll be finishing the Season 1 of GG later xD YAY!! ;) It sucks, still need to go to school on Friday..   Half day, though... VACATION! xD
@pastorjpruitt BTW watched you online Monday nite. You said &quot;hi&quot; to Milwaukee, I guess that means us to.  
Tomorrow is No Play Thursday where we ditch a song for the day.  Vote by replying.  Thus far Taylor Swift is leading  #noplaythursday
@JosephSeth I work on Thursday from 7-5:30  Friday? Eh? Eh?
Well it's a beautiful day here! I am getting ready for work wondering where all of this endless laundry is coming from  Busy Wednesday bye
@Autumn_Ivy OH NO!  That might happen to my computer Thursday, so I feel ya. 
@AndrewChavez You are by far the best tweeter by far. I think I was too aroused last night to have any dreams. See you Sunday, dearest. 
@AndrewChavez ,You are by far the best tweeter. [I think I was too aroused last night to have any dreams. See you Sunday, dearest.  ]
DEFINITELY on the mend. Scary thought is, just going to go thru it all again if they re-break my nose  See plastic surgeon Friday.
@Crimsonessence lmfao!!! I start on Tuesday....  no more chill time, what have I gotten myself into?! Lmao!
@McFLYFan_Katie Idk yet.. I'll have to learn for my maths test on Friday  But maybe our teacher's gonna move the date D I wanna ...
@JoelMadden Darn I wont be in Vegas until Saturday!! 
@loritodd Sorry! Didn't realize you wanted one.  I forgot, can you come to PALO! @ Jazid this Friday? http://tinyurl.com/PALOjune19
Summit is DONE. Finally. Longest 5 days of my life  Stuff that happened on Saturday seriously feels like weeks ago.
Ahhh, revision tomorrow - I have an exam on Friday.  Anyway, I'll make the best of my half an hour before I go to bed.
Well Wednesday is almost over and no one &quot;WOW&quot;ed me. Although a homeless guy did &quot;WIO&quot; me..and then peed.. But it's not the same thing. 
@DemeterVee you too?! whats going on in your families?! haha. Hey I cant hang out tomorrow or Saturday. We have people staying with us 
@ZuZuBrandy Sorry  I'm making puppy dog eyes! What about Friday after 1:00pm as I'm taking Bobby Kitten to the vets! Love yoooous 
Damn. Don't get to go out and enjoy free bread Thursday as I'm about to step into a meeting. 
Thursday morning and working again...boring yes indeed,,,  Oh but i dont need to be bored since there's alot of jobless people...
@dduartej Damn... going to work from home on Friday I think. We could have hung out 
sooo my roomie is moving out and leaving me Saturday. Then I'm going to be all alone...how sad 
@johntv I can't wait to try MMS on the 3Gs when I get it on Friday... Oh wait, scratch that.  I am on AT&amp;T so I have to wait until Aug  
@misstoriblack Ohhhh.  You should know, it's already Thursday where I'm at. So, from the future, I can promise you a better tomorrow.
@lindseyloves Remember how I haven't seen your face for a long time? Oh yeah. Me too. You were supposed to come see my boyfriend Saturday 
@alatariel1234 Sunday of that wkend!  Lawyer rang yesterday. SUCKS! Sorry chick!
Sick Since Friday!Throat infection,fever!Bleh!i hate my life right now 
@CARINAargh Nooo! I so didn't wna here dat! Hav u got woteva I missed on Monday? Sherdinator wnt b there but we may hav class  dangit
@Levianity supposed to wait? Come get one with me on Tuesday! I'd be in line but I'm in Europe. 
Aahh this week has been the longest. Friday seens so far away... 
Im still at phuket, . Coming back on Saturday midnight/Sunday morning. GAWD I dont even dare weigh myself. 
Got home at 11:30pm from Grease  So tired, but it was fun/ny. Drama performance tomorrow, rest Staurday then Grease 1130am Sunday!
Back in normal work since Monday. No more TT work for another year  The change of scenery did me good...but seemed to upset some!
Yep nice and real   Irony is we are moving back to the states next Friday - but today I will be moving all of our valuables to a hotel
@CCNKAddict True that....Friday night is going to SUCK!!! Talk about having bags under our eyes when we meet the guys! 
@1kewlmom  Bummer  I didn't really pay attention that it was a new tour book or I would have bought one....Oh well this Sunday!
@simonporter007 Yeah CPW told me the same on Sunday. Don't know which network will be getting it tho! 
Damn it's hot!  100+ temps between now and Monday.  W/high humidity, heat index will be 110 degrees!!!  My car's A/C is out, too.  
@nananotes birthday is Sunday.  Her present is being delivered by Fed-Ex any minute.  She left for the beach WAY too early today!  
Well I have a lonely but FUN day-first I stay home until 5 then I get to go to the beach until Monday! YAY FUNLICOUS!  :]  + I am sick 
@Shnicky_lover aww chick thats not so good.  Where r u now? 2 weeks on Friday! Eeeee! x
Bored. Again. Wish I was going to @Jonasbrothers next Friday in Boise 
@CarpathiaB Geez, 30 is so young!    I have my appointment all set and ready to go for next Thursday.
I'm gonna be gone for the whole month of July!  Yay!  Except that means no more tweets from @JoelMadden   I'll miss you!
@amybud  finally home.  Kinda tired after all that driving, but had a good trip.  Really dont want to go to work Monday 
Okay, so he got his spacers in today. Braces go on Tuesday. I'll try to be supportive, but I know the hell he will soon be put through. 
the fam just left for AZ... I will be there Saturday! Not looking forward to the drive alone. 
FINALLY , I'M DONE!!!  I'm pooped! I'll sleep 'til noon...Oh! Its Friday! Its Blue Bayou night .... i'd rather sleep. 
My toe is sore, loving new laptop, iPhone firmware, and it's Friday!  I'm actually in Adelaide for the w/end siiiick! Dentist app 12pm. 
Must hurt hubby - scratchy throat, burning eyes/nose, all HIS fault (he has a cold).  So much for fun 1/2 day vacay had planned 4 Friday 
@scarydan Oh, lame.  Well, we've got non-awkward dinner on Tuesday night!
@jessicamarilyn nice nice!! online or disney channel?? and OMG you're so freakin lucky ur gonna see them on Sunday!! im soo jealous!! 
@ChyLeigh Oh hunny hope you feel better. I'm guessing you didn't bounce back Thursday morning  Take care xoxox
Tired cartoonist. Friday's strip will be drawn and uploaded sometime tomorrow morning. Sorry. 
Friday lunches suck... Coz my lunch date Maddie isn't here 
Okay guys, I'm going to jump in the shower and then record my Friday Blog.  I'm sad nobody guessed the topic. 
@lordtiffany27 419-704-3361 Oh and I'll be on my way to Cinci on Saturday so I prob. won't make the shower. 
LucasArts developers play Monkey Island on Justin.tv tomorrow, June 19, at 3PM PT..  Darn I'll be at work  http://bit.ly/16ATKS
all this work an no play  ...Sunday is SOOOO mine!
Ok...just got back to my computer to find many tweets about why the photos are green.....doh!!!!!!! Friday Fail 
@Nathy23 - Hi Nathy! Its great to see you too!  I'm so sorry to hear about Diddy   ... Maybe we could catch up one Thursday for a coffee?
Friday's comic is on the way, working on it now. Sorry for the non-midnight update 
Tomorrow is gonna be a cool day. Then Saturday: CHSPE! Eeeek! Nervous. @jliu_says_herro is also leaving to San Fran. 
@BTrain06 Nope.  I won't be back in Wilmington til the end of July. You can come visit me at home though. haha.
is starting to miss the time that we had our RR today, photo session and our video! Oh mannn can't wait for next Friday! 
I'm having such a good time at Pinch. I'm so sad I have to go home on Saturday 
I'm off, studing for the exam on Monday. I'm getting the feeling that this might become a fail. 
Ew Manny is starting rehab starting Tuesday  Can we extend the 50 game suspension to like, forever?
@dbdean @ManiacD Yeah, about that. #BTUB pub nights are always on the first Friday of the month. Sucks about the clash 
I may have to hurt someone on Saturday.  I'm not normally the person that does these things, but i've come to become responsible.
fuc..ing Thursday .... I'm so tired 
@hexenwulf that SUCKS about no Friday the Jaredteenth    lol
@TheLadyJane Mmmmm, cookies *gimme* Am on my way  Thank Cruncjie it's Friday
Damn Friday Mondays 
Friday morning..Bored.. &quot;Hello'd&quot; my entire Gtalk buddy list: 25+ online... no one replied!! except the language translator bot  
Going to work this afternoon, not in a really good mood. Hmm and need to work tommorrow again.... On Saturday!? 
Morning folks! It's Friday! YAY! Oh wait, I'm working tomorrow. 
great, cant get in at my dentist till Monday afternoon  Im in for a fun weekend!
Off to watch wolf and Cub tonight. Beers and live music makes for a good Friday. Might cheer me up as gf left for NY this morning 
Forgot I'm seeing The Sats on Sunday! Oh boy, I'd thought I'd be well excited by now 
Just realized I completely missed chocolate Friday. Noooooo! 
@simuk Lucky you, let me know your early thoughts. Im hoping mine will b here monday or Tuesday! Its gonna be a long weekend! 
OK, so I'm sick. No longer snuffly and sneazy but outright pukey. I guess the Friday-fuck date is postponed. Sorry boyfriend 
@minxywitch Great. Yeah it's Friday but I'll be working most of it as I want to get a lot of stuff out of the way  You any plans?
Jeez, I so totally need a Friday. I need sleep, and a basement that isn't partially flooded.  
Okay, it's Friday and I should be more excited about it.  But hey maybe I will switch to Geico and save a ton of money with the lizard.
TGIF~ Well, but I still need to work on Saturday morning! 
Thinking of my Husband @Garee1980 today being Friday &amp; dealing with High School jerks this last week &amp; next week.  Hang in there Hun.
Tuesday?  Hmmm that stinks 
Argh tryna find a film to watch for Friday! 
Ear still not any better, is actually worse than when visited doctor on Tuesday.  REALLY hurts, like lay in ed all day hurts. 
Aww man! Me &amp; @oggywoggy thought Transformers 2 came out THIS weekend!  1 more week. ;) Oh yeah &amp; happy Friday 2 u &amp; urs!
@limey59 Hey David! Thanks a mil for the #followfriday shoutout. Have a great Friday and a great weekend. I'll miss the Sonoma race 
Last Friday working in NB  I'm really really really not looking forward to this Newark thing.... Relocations suck!
@cypherpunk Yeah. Tonite is a boring Friday night in Boston. 
Well, today's plans dissolved into disappointment. Won't get to see my boy until Monday at the earliest.  Ah, well. Tomorrow should be fun
Ahhhh going camping this weekend, ugh... Be back Sunday afternoon. I'll miss my bed  http://twitpic.com/7t1dv
jealous of who's finished exams already  Mah c'mon Monday! I may scream with joy when the invigilators have collected all the papers in =P
It's supposed to rain all the way to NEXT Saturday!  Ugh
@Suw Ha lucky. I'm here till 8pm then in again tomorrow and Sunday to get my report complete for Monday morning. Bummer. 
PS: I have exams end June/beginning July. Crazy? YES! Cruel? Definitely! Optional? No...  Well, at least I don't need a high mark to pass.
Ahhhhhh, what a beautiful day in Newport Beach.....NOT! Where is the sun today? June gloom is looming!  
Omg sometimes I feel like I live for days off. Today is one of those times. Too bad I'm not off till Tuesday! Bullpuckey. 
Noooo! I forgot today is Friday/work day. 
@Melanie_Atkins Brownies and lattes FTW!  Sorry about the crap news on a Friday.  
I want the Hey Monday/Glamour Kills shirt.. 
Ok, what the heck is &quot;Follow Friday&quot; ?? Because I'm not getting followed, 
@CJtheDJ Absolutely, CJ.   Sorry 'bout your day.     Had one of those on Tuesday... a real gem-of-a-human-being, I was.  /sarcasm.  R.I.P.
Guys, I'll go to the church tomorrow  !  Every Saturday I mean !  hehe (: I hope to write here soon cuz' I'm without computer   XOXO
Im kindof hungry. Alex wont be home until Sunday. 
@PhillyRiot Sorry, no clues on the name.    Guess we'll find out Wednesday.
@Msjuicy313 I didn't get any follow Friday luv  &quot;Da Juiceman&quot;
@C_Nordby How was Rwandan coffee? We don't get ours till Sunday. 
@TCBallew Awe  I'm sorry. You told me you canceled Saturday with him yesterday.
Yeah! Friday! Nice weather, and want to leave work early but won't 
Everyone is telling me Year One sucks!! I was hoping to see that Sunday night  Oh well...
I just learned that Elvis Costello is playing a FREE SHOW at @amoebarecords in SF...on Monday...at noon. I work in Berkeley. Drat. 
@AdamMcCalvy NOOOO any day but Saturday  Hoping to see Cameron in action tomorrow.
Sorry Chicago! Weather canceled my flight, and can't get anything until Sunday, so my workshops are a no-go at Tribal Revolution. So sad! 
#dontyouhate  when you are so excited it is Friday but, you are too tired from the long work week to even enjoy it. Damn I'm tired 
Redbox, liquor store, get fucked up &amp; drink some more. Ha ha, I'm a poet, but no Longfellow.   Yeah, it's Friday night &amp; I'm predictable.
Well thanks for all the Follow Friday luvv, pero, i'm out homiez! Hubby leaves 4 his deployment tomorrow morning!   Goodnight!
Well thanks for all the Follow Friday luvv, pero, i'm out homiez! Hubby leaves 4 his deployment tomorrow morning!  Goodnight! ohhhh yea!
@natneagle Noooo lol that was my Friday Highlight. lol. First @makeupmel and now you.  lol. Boo Woo... 
Leighton has a sex tape now and therefore can't come in on Monday  on a related note...Im hungry
@ConniePrays 'sposed to reach 102 by Sunday here in N. FL!!!  Can you say &quot;UGH!&quot; 
@givemebargains I know, right? On a freaking Friday night??? Oh, man! 
@La_Ria I'm right behind you! Mine starts Monday 
@KTF2009 True  I'm not looking forward to Sunday though.  
Oy. Forgot to order movie tickets for the b-day party next Friday. I'm a bad mom 
Sad that Shaun has to close now.  So, I'll be spending almost the entire night studying for my Comm MidTerm Monday. Again, 
@misterjpmanahan Hi Mister! I'm not sure. I have an event to attend on Saturday meaning I need a beauty rest the night before. 
@Luphinus Awwwww, it will be a sad day   and I am going to be home Monday. I'd like to say goodbye to him
My DVR didn't record the last episode of Deadliest Catch.  Now I have to wait until Tuesday to watch it.
@Vudette I'm left out of Follow Friday I'm so sad 
At work. Yep. Working on saturday. Sunday too 
Well there's goes my Saturday... 
I'm going to sleep. Late night chillin with thee Mr... Come August I'm gonna be real lonely at night time layin in bed all alone! 
@yeswhatokay Ha ha I'm sorry  We can talk about that Sunday. What time do we want to go, by the way?
@ddlovato I am so upset. I have no ride to your concert Sunday  Let's say you pick me up and I will pay for gas. Sounds good to me xx
2 hour Boot Camp on Monday. Yuss. I'm scared out of my wits, I'm not gonna lie.   Help...
AI's practice is canceled due to poor response. T.T I've been waiting for Sunday for a long long time! 
@gregorytanyt 'Twas good. Ay, so stew and pie can postpone to Monday? You never reply my sms 
@a_lil_spaz Hey hun I'm really sorry I can't come tonight  I've had to work and haven't even started studying for my exam Monday. Poo.
@kausikram Nah, have an exam on Monday 
Not really pumped for this weekend.  Working a lot.  Rents leave for Cali on Sunday...which means no decent meals for a week. Bummer 
@TVCasualty Pssh, what is this early morning wake up that no-one wants. I wanted tons of sleep, back to work on Monday 
@LizyAnn OK then but it's funny when you're hyper! Im sooo gutted i can't come to yours on Wednesday 
LMAO! Late night convo with distant cousin  although interesting life stories xD! I want to go Washington again!
@Loopy_1980 No... we'll give it until Monday, and if you still don't have it let me know and I'll badger the Post Office. Sorry... 
Nothing cool gets released on Saturday. Guess I'll do my chores  #stillunemployed
Well i guess today is Saturday time to go back to work 
G Morning Tweeps I had a great time last night and now Im sitting at work like every Saturday mornning wishing I was at the pool 
ARGH. Fell asleep early last night: missed Friday Spam posting and FtF rewatch. *headdesk* 
Ok it's Saturday. I'm board ! Wishing I had the money to get out of here. 
Ewwww up before 8 on a Saturday! 
Goodmorning tweeps... Thank God Its Saturday..lol... So whats everyne plans for today.. Its rainy in Philly 
@TheStafford Well Michelle, have a fabulous Saturday, I am off to do what I love best.....Clean house...ugh 
Damn I see I have to do my homework for Monday today already! Pff how to spoil a Saturday? 
Well, ended up in the ER Thursday night for the worst migraine of my life and vomiting. Lying in deathbed now. Missing Amanda's wedding 
@iMonic Ughh, summer sucks so far. It started Thursday for me and I got sick that day, so I've been in bed for the last few days. 
@BigAssBadger Tell Sapphy I said Hi !!! Just trying to get ready for the builders coming in on Thursday- 5 weeks of total disruption due 
@faryl ACK! You mean I missed my Friday Keith Morrison fix  was it a good show? aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhaaaa
@hopefulregret yeah, I dunno either. Oh colloquialisms! re: hang out-- I have Monday off next week, but I have no money to go anywhere. 
Jaysus - went to buy a netbook, saw a macbook air - beautiful. 1,000 dearer though  Decision postponed until Monday. Damn choice!
Basement Cat just attacked Maxx. We want to take him to a shelter, but none are open until Monday 
The pain seems to get worse..  it sux. Angels won last night!! Gosh I thought Fuentes was going to blow it!  And yeah enjoy your Saturday!
@courtneyMelissa  I'm at work........ Imma hit u maybe... Monday to kick it. Kool?
It is Saturday. Why is everything closed??  but but, am impulsive, why can't I be allowed to go with it?
@RissChris Yeah  Saturday night telly makes me sad.
@dolcelaalaa Ew spider   btw I am sending your package on Monday!!
AAAAGGGHHH!!! i have NCLEX on Monday...I'm starting to stress now...  pray for me guys!!!
@seanmacdhai No.  Guess I'll have to wait till Monday when Best Buy gets them.
@tabbycat6380 Forecast doesn't even show clouds until Tuesday.  I'm afraid to pray for rain; don't want to jump start hurricane season. 
Saturday night...what to do, what to do? Oh my girl is in Hawaii. What will I do? 
@DangerDee Nooo it would have been cool to go with you  I think @Lethaldread works Monday.
@chiniehdiaz Yeah same lazy rainy Sunday morning, bummer though I have to go into work at 1pm for a meeting, so kinda sucks  that's life !
@timjennion Thank you! Can't believe I'm in on a Saturday night!  I work  weekends now, so it really has to be FUN, for me  to go out!
@kathleennsmilee awww I'm sorry  that stinks....sooo excited to see u Thursday for the wonderful graduation practice that Im gnna suck at
@Nannerland Damn! My pictures from Thursday suck a lot 
Wow, its Sunday already! Ehh dont wanna go to school on moday  Ohwell its the last week 
Alysheea is nervous about english tomozza. Gonna be in BIG trouble (: Oh well, toughen up mate, grow a pair  Sunday's going too fast 
Ok, remake of Friday the 13th not holding my interest...bummer, thought it would be good. 
Relaxing a little bit after a ridiculously long Saturday.  Really wanting a beach vacation soon! 
Sunday looks as bad as today.  another day home alone. Guess I'll do some cooking, and have my favorite lunch pressure cooked drumsticks
My nerves are getting to me. Big time. Ugh just leave me alone till Tuesday. 
@makechoice Argh! You got all my hopes up! Hang on.. 27th is a Saturday... won't be here  But will be in Paris 
Whoa, I just sat around on a Saturday night looking at old pics of the horse and I. I am sad now! Where is Echo when I need her? 
Is tomorrow really Monday? Really? Oh man, that sucks. 
Nana nap turned into a full blown 2hr sleep!!  Damn it's Sunday night already, how the hell did that happen?? 
@blogINDIANA You only got 146 tweets on Friday w/ #BlogIndiana in them  BTW you know that one of the top 20 GLBT bloggers is from Indiana?
working on a Sunday..    Went to Kabb for lunch with Neyn..  Probably go for Indian food at Punjabi later in the evening
is STILL recovering from the marathon session that started from a 7p.m. Friday and finished around 4 p.m. y/day.. 
Overslept and won't make t to #uns1 Sunday  Really enjoyed yesterday, and am looking forward to my next barcamp
Sunday  I HATE SUNDAYS  Wish It Wiz Saturdayyyy  xx
@NicoleJeane Yeah sweetie day almost done 8.45 pm Sunday night so back at work in the morning! 
@Hannanar Yup  I had the day off on Friday to go see McFly though.. they weren't that impressed - but I didn't care xD I just went xD
@emmagmgdiva119 Yep...not even 8am yet   I have 2 work AGAIN today...UGH!! No one should have 2 work on Sunday...much less Father's Day!
Well Saturday has come &amp; gone, &amp; I still dont have a Speedlink post 4 U.  I'll try 4 l8r 2nite! Got sum gr8 links &amp; new blogs to share!
@handandface  Oh than god somebody spoke. Hahaha yeah I'm bored too. No Sunday sesh I'm afraid I'm working tonight 
Cloudy Sunday.  working on re-potting some plants before working for work. Ugh!
My parents are refusing to subsidise my MacBook if I take it overseas in July. It'll be an awful, excruciating parting. Love hurts. 
Maxing out fb, twitter, and surfin' the net for the rest of the weekend. Come Monday, I'll be sucked into the time warp of school again! 
Nooo! Foobar froze and won't open again, I don't understand proportion, and it is already 16.18 on Sunday afternoon. 
@mmmichelle_a Naw, she's leaving on Friday.  Oh well. She might come home next year though.
OMG Next Friday is our prom... Miss my class already  I love you guys...
Damn this Monday is sooo wearing me down! 
I'm finally done with the sidekick stuff!Yay!So,who's going to the SF Pride this weekend?If you are,what day b/c I'm leaving Sunday. 
Thanks to whoever stepped on my toe Saturday, I just noticed that my toenail is about to fall off. SWEET! Guess I'm not going running. 
@nielphine Hey, aint gonna happen. Friday classes only  i got owned.
Well, hello there, twitter amigos and amigas. Happy Monday to all. If you sent me a reply or a messg, I can't respond, they're all gone. 
sorry i need to unload on my tweets. I had a Really bad Monday...     work did not go so hot today &amp; my dad...
NO @UstreamTV show tonight. I'm not in NYC until Thursday  Miss you ALL!
@DavidNguyen Sorry about your dog!!  and I think a bunch of us are going to go camping this Friday for one night in livermore. Interested?
@suejester Oops! Sorry for the late response! So busy today! I am leaving *early* Saturday. I will have to miss MusicLAB 
@scott_ish Ohhhhhh. I could go next Wednesday. Dang, I'm busy. Maybe best not to plan around me then. 
With Gran... All OK... Had a fall on Sunday and didn't ring... Grandpa Fred took her to hospital... the whole thing! What can you do? 
@ReemTeam Awwwww babes! I'm not gonna be there Thursday! I have to work @ 730 the next day! Smh 
UGGGHHHH!!! If my birthday was in June instead of July, It'd be in 2 days!  Save the manatees and.. HEY! I'm not texting! :O *grabs phone*
Dang, forgot kitty of the day again! Yeesh. Told you I was sick. Very sorry.  For Monday: http://bit.ly/2zbtl7 What a cutie pie!
Ahhhh just got word gotta move into the Corp office on Friday 
@angrypiglet Didn't see Andy's tweet. Don't think I can on Saturday because of work  Sorry, hope you have a good time, wherever you go.
I can't wait to go on holiday next Friday (: I'll miss everyone though, and all the tweeting and Panic gossip 
Well, my night is turning into the day!  My best bud aint coming over tonight! Gutted! Oh well, I got Friday to look forward to!! Yay!
@MichaelTao Oh, I can't go. My lunch on Saturday is 11:30AM 
@CarlaJean126 Just got all Ellie's garden toys out &amp; played at home instead. Off to coast tomorrow, then back to work on Thursday 
I wish I had coupons like buy one get one entrees at TGIF but the coupon expired on Monday   Anybody have any good coupons?
i want my favorite bands here!!! i'm kinda waiting since 2006 for bands like FOB, The All-American Rejects, Cobra Starship and Hey Monday 
Cant wait for Two Wheel Tuesday tonight! But i will again be on Four wheels!! My bike is broken!!! 
@MrsBunn2010 Sorry you haven't received any awesome phone calls and even more sorry that I can't be there on Friday. 
Ok 40 more minutes until I can go home, I reeeaally hope it goes by fast. But I hate that it's only Tuesday 
I have a goal to not spend over, like, 10 dollars till Friday. I'm doubting myself already. Sheetz calls to me. 
Fuck. Im super worried about this show @ owen park Friday.. Its a family show, and I don't think they realized I'm not famly friendly.. 
I can't wait till next Wednesday! I wanna die right now! Ugh 
Shitty movie 1, Trapped Ashes and shitty movie 2, the haunting of molly hartley. Both were as bad as the new Friday the 13th if not worse 
@ar350z Its your B-Day here ... BTW its gonna be roughly 100+ degrees when you get back... High for Thursday is 104 
Nooooo, I has a bad cold  eyes streaming, sore throat, head &amp; ear &amp; neck ache, I break up Saturday, this better bloody go &amp; quick ((((((
Fuck Wednesday  evrerything sucks
Uh.. this week has gone so slow. Its only Thursday! 
Ow. Battered middle toe with the pole again - and on a basic move too - typical! Stupid class  ah well, it's Thursday!!!
@ACthaBeasT I was gonna tell u be I'm not coming back till Friday  I'm gonna come visit when I get back
Well, only 2 work days left til Friday 5pm. 4 work days left til I'm on my own here. Joe is leaving   
Just saw &quot;Hey Lady&quot; music video @ThrivingIvory...I love it, wish I could see them  again, in Bryant on July 3rd 
Can't wait to go to Florida with Kacy on Tuesday!! Oh so nervous about the flight though... I'm terrified of planes 
@hollywills Sorry for spamming your twitter ha but please come on stage Monday evening at B'ham, still haven't got to see you's yet!  &lt;3 x
@Vengeance_6661 Awwww  Yup, Saw them on Tuesday and am again on Saturday so not all is lost. x
What? It's only Thursday?? Oh no!!!!!! 
OMG why isn't it Friday? I really need to rest  *Feeling feverish*
Damn.  Front has been delayed til Tuesday 
@Demi2U Morning! It's &quot;Double Monday&quot; 
I don't want to have Saturday classes.  Oh well. Hahahaha!
@vintagepolka Yeah. Next Friday. 
Copper Clay  class this Sunday,  c'mon and join the fun 2 seats to needed or we will have to cancel 
@antondominique Yeah meron.  Some exam I dunno. Halfday. Pero sa Monday I think wala.
@Mia_R I'm going home on Sunday morning. I'm off til July 9, YAY!! However, I'd be in Tarlac by the time of the livechat. NO Internet! 
This week has been a killer. I'm still being rushed. Damn! Not even Friday yet 
Dayum its only Thursday 
@FatherBob Hey, are you still doing Sunday Night Safran with John Safran? Or did he ditch you to do that new TV show in the US? 
nxt wk Sunday is my Bday and Kyteman&amp;Anouk will be perf @ Westerpark. Don't have tickets  but will be there having drinks. Who's joining?
@carlybug Yo Carly! I do indeed! Sorry I wasn't out on Friday... was ruined by swine flu. Or possibly bird flu 
@imsuperhuman wle. SORRY LAH  heheh nah reply for you! i love youuuuu and see youuuu on Monday !
@beyoncegisele Hey B! I really wish I could come to your show in Florida on Monday. But I cant  Will you come to tha Bahamas soon??
@pattiecarlin No  but I will be in NYC Tuesday...not quite the same. Who you going with?
Sooo hot in H-Town!!! Yesterday was 106 degrees and we may reach the same today 
Karaoke with XT on Wed and drum lessons on Thursday!!! What a week... I'll work somewhere in there 
@milagro88 LOL! That's ok. Yeah, we did.  He's looking forward to Thursday since we're going around for Visita Iglesia. 14 churches!
@RyanStar  Hey Ryan, just thought I'd say that u put on a great show in Radford Sunday night, &amp; I'm so glad I got to meet you! 
@Devious_D We're open Thursday - Sunday and I'm at the shop Sat and Sun! Come in Saturday  DONT GET TOO DRUNK!! LOL
Yesss, Chris's parents are going out of town on Friday till May. You know what that means... Rachel is moving temporarily 
Yeah for sure... It's happening at the Bells Billabong Store this Saturday from around 4-6.... maybe later if the contest runs 
@DavidWaldock Correct! I'll buy you some drinks on Friday 
Damn, meant to post this Saturday afternoon: sucka MCs now call them sire 
@Pepperfire Hey, it's a Tuesday morning... it happens 
: I know I'm kinda late but... G' morning everyone! Its Tuesday! Lets mk the most out of it 
oh! I was like  when Cobra played 'Smile for the Paparazzi' that Tuesday. Yea that was a week or so late.
@RockDaMullet Hey Ed, what kind of goodies you guys got in the raffle on Sunday? 
Made tacos for dinner. Now a frosty and Twilight. A Pretty G rated Friday night 
It's 11:30 on a Friday night and I'm nodding off. Oh well, so what if I'm a granny. Nighty night everyone 
Just ate about 10,000 Skittles, watching Flight of the Conchords videos on YouTube. Fantastic combo there... weweweweww yay it's Friday! 
@nick_carter Lmao. I guess its only Friday. My bad 
@chelsadeexphoto OK Go in Chicago on Thurs. 
@rayfoleyshow Ray - it's Saturday.  Don't you deserve at least one day off? 
@HeyMegan Yes, sometimes it is too much to ask for one weekend  maybe lower your asking price to a few hours between 2-5 Sunday
@EBSTG Hey! Thx for the special Saturday shout! Backattcha! It's a beautiful day to Tweet!  Shouts to @joshuaretrochic - stylist's follow!
The door handles at TGI Friday's are F's!! Doesn't take much for me 
@Jenn65  Yep... Sunday here now... almost 11.40am Been up for a while trying to get through all the MJO posts 
Ok finally got an outfit...enjoy your Saturday night my twiggas 
Anime Saturday about to start. New episode of bleach.  Yea 
Ok so pretty bad day of golf today, oh well rematch on Monday 
@MussoMitchel Hey, are you 100% sure its saturday? i've been reading its Friday and want to know before I book a room 
@TheComputerNerd Oh my gosh, yes!!!  Have you seen them on the Sweet Brag Tour?  I did on Wednesday, they were AMAZING 
is loving having a chill Saturday night with the roomies and listening to Needtobreathe and Shawn McDonald. Sooo good 
Hmmm...leave some feedback on my blog whathaveyoumissed.blogspot.com   Saturday night... gonna paaaaaartay! Hah, yeah right.
Lazy Sunday. Think I'll go roaming around the malls by myself in an hour or two. 
Bring on Monday!!!!....I will be getting the sheriff in to evict the bad tenants living in my house. FINALLY! Woohoo 
@smcgillen Whoa, Sunday will be a showdown then!  Used to live in KA, which is Kahn's home ground. It's old school but I like old school!
is STILL a music PR company...even on a Sunday! 
Sunday mode... Wondering what to do today.. Anyone with any good ideas?? Help needed  Thanx..
@Wossy  Always start the healthy eatin on a Monday, leave the weekend for the junk 
@angelroxy Hey there! Thanks for the #follow Friday reccomendation! Is really nice if you! How has your week been? 
@PaulaAbdul feel better Paula! Tuesday night is just around the corner! 
@mayhawkeprime Ha! No, Tuesday is a person, a tatooist who I'm secretly in love with  well, not so secretly actually...
@JebDickerson Hi Jeb, turning indoors only to sleep - like it vey much. Enjoy your Sunday 
Happy Sunday! Jesus Loves You  He is how I get through each and every day!
@ToddBrink Hey Todd, hope you're having a good Sunday! We are engaged in a family house clean - quite funny, actually 
Hows everybody this fine Sunday?! You all hangin' in? 
@MarkChase11 Sorry I missed the alumni mixer Friday...and I was so not a slacker in college! I just didn't like your class...just kidding 
@soozafritz is deadddd. lol well hopefully not. Btw Friday gonna be 78 and sunny! I think we should hang before the show  starbucks!
@Steviebrock congrats on the new family member  Im going to see 17 Again on Friday with my friend 
@TheEllenShow , right you are  your gonna call @teamellen on Monday when it's Friday there. That's not confusing at all :p LOVE YOU ELLEN!
Monday morning. Oh joy! Working at home today. Seems teachers at sons school aren't ready for work yet. 
@laurzeh Hello Jiggle! We lost but it's ok, another one coming up this Saturday. 3:20 I think? Come out and watch if you can! 
@dian_yach Friday, are you free?....Let's make another Blockhead party! 
@CustomTees Oh, got my t-shirt today! Looks AWESOME!!! I'm wearing it Friday, I'll let you know how many more I want after that 
Woooohooo! Finally getting some time off after working 9 weeks solid without a day off. Ok one day off for easter Sunday butthat's all! 
@djhardcut that's what you get for letting me pick out movies man. Sorry, you gotta stay away from the jellyfish @ Folly on Friday 
@DanDraney  I would honestly rather that you are there anyway.  Tell me you will be home next Monday.  You can imagine that I've fallen a
@aberry coffee on Thursday? Booked so far today &amp; Wednesday. Not 11am yet  Let me know. Tx
@BrianNeudorff  Hey Brian, thanks very much!  I'm ready 4 the week, hope it's ready 4 me   You gave a good Monday and week too!
From Saturday.  You know it was a good ride if at the end, you're this muddy.    http://snurl.com/g9tkl
Wow a cloudy rainy Monday... I hope my day doesn't mirror the weather. Oh @andrewbrooks1 you are to funny my friend. 
Afternoon Twitterverse! Hows is everyone this Monday? 
@caatheedee 17 Again again? Please! ) Can't on Friday... 
Monday morning and Im at work, what a glorious day today is 
Monday! Whoo hooo! Why am I so excited? Might be this strong coffee. Whoo hooo!  
Omg, I was so nervous for my exam of today! But now it's over  on Wednesday, i have my last practice exam.  Now I'm surfing on the web.
Gooooooooooood Monday, Twitterland! My weekend was so good, but sooooo good, that it felt like a whole week of vacation... 
@DG606 Well into Monday evening.. doing not so bad in this part of the world 
@Sassy1966 the weather forcast has changed since i said. Its now gonna be sunny until Thursday then cloudy untill the weekend. Then Sun 
It's Monday... Sigh... Oh well- I still get to go walk Ginger when I get home!  Can't wait for summer so I can take her fishing/swimming!
Marvelous Monday! Ya'll! May it be a day filled with endless possibilities! 
@thetaraface Hey buddy, how does 3pm sound to take Tuesday from Tentative to Tangible? 
@WillieGomez I love you, Willie.  Let's get married in Vegas! LOL Saturday, be there.
Photo shoot Wednesday! Might be in the paper  DEFINITELY on the Canucks Website though!! 
I'm so excited about Thursday.  eep! Oh jesus, I need to find clothes!
Just got home.  Bought Hey Monday's ( @heymondayonline ) album today. I'm glad I did - it's really good. 
Home after a lively day at work. Yea, it was a good one. Tuesday feels like a promising day 
Finished the evidence from the Des Moines, IA private home investigation Saturday. Did we catch anything? Hmm... 
Woohoo just scored some exclusive tickets to see The Khan Brothers and their virtuoustic skills on guitar this Friday... 
good morning  Im at school chillin with my class  haha  gosh just 4 days then we're going to Berlin &lt;333  have a great Tuesday 
@DominicFinn Was thinking some time in May, maybe on a Saturday night. Then off to Pizza Express and beering afterwards. 
@Dropsofreign You are welcome. Thanks to @vin495 for linking us on Twitter by sharing your fun tweets.  Wish you a nice Tuesday, Leah!
BTW, this past Sunday was a friend of mine's birthday. Really special friend to me!!  
@NewsTalk_KRMG Thanks! I appreciate it!  Look forward to Monday's programs!
Ok went to hoodwink tonight. Not so bad. Actually pretty good  now let's see how i feel on Sunday night
@iSoozee HI sweetie! how are you this beautiful Saturday? Looks like a great day to be out at the park with the huskies 
W 297. 3 more to go, Randy Johnson. Don't rain tomorrow, please  &amp; I'm kinda bummed we can't perform next Friday. :/
Okay, i know it isn't technically Follow Friday anymore, but please follow @Blazingorchidlv 
having a lazy Saturday with Cookie Monster. Then poker tonight! 
So I.......... slept through Friday.  Whoops! 
@meedee64 Yeah, ooops alright lol  You enjoy your Monday off *sobs uncontrollably in cupped palms*
OOOOOH!!! The Odd Couple!!! Usually the flippn news comes on @ 430!!! Oh yeah..its Saturday. Coooool!!! Entertainment 4 a bit longrrrrr! 
@smartie999 Jackpot still intact, then? Jolly good! Let's try again next Friday 
@johnreppion Well, hopefully you'll read the one I did for Sherlock Holmes on GeekDad Monday. Don't worry, you'll like it. 
sooooo bored atm.........Damn friends didnt msg back, grrrrr!!!! Cnt wait till Monday,SUPERNATURAL returns  Woot,Woot
@Elliot79 Yeah that sounds good  I'm not about tomorrow but Monday would be cool. Also need to pick up my beer gift pack thingummybob
Well, Saturday is almost over and I haven`t completed anything. At least I will have the next 4 days! 
don't get this twitter, majorly confusing me. McFly Friday n just got my Enter  Shikari ticket.....good times 
Nursing a rainy Saturday morning migraine.  Smiling takes the edge off; and chilled 100% concord grape juice. Mmmmmmm ...
@mad_dancer Wow! I made ur 1st #Follow Friday - I'm tickled to have taken part in that lil deflowering... 
@TheJLV Hey  are you enjoying this Saturday morning?
It's Saturday - i'm *supposed* to be working.  Guess I better get back at it - 3 hours to go! 
@shaunking Only Saturday ritual is we do NOTHING after 6 p.m.  I mean nothing under no circumstances. Go over great with extended family 
hating that I have to work til Tuesday...but happy I have a job.  Guess I'm torn  
IDIOTat)AskCarrieLee Th*nks for the Follow Friday recommendation.  (afistfulofsky) #IDIOT
Woohoo! Its Saturday!!! I'm 118.7lbs, sooo close to 120's *cross fingers*  
I just did! WHOOP WHOOP!!! I'm going to watch in on Thursday, or Friday!     CAN'T WAIT!!! ARRRGGHHH!! xD
Hoping everyone's Saturday is productive.Off to a far away land for the weekend.Tweet you later.Ok so maybe not so far away an 1 hr 
@JOECOLUMBO good afternoon. Well morning here.  How's it Saturday?
wish i could see Hey Monday again! 
@Oprah thank you SOO much for featuring Invisible Children on your show on Friday!! We are so grateful! 
1/3 Quebec Trip - Monday  Hey dad, we've been on the road for about 4 hours. We are in Montreal. Its nice and warm outside  All Ive
Going to see Hey Monday  omg MIKE GENTILE ftww
check out my buddies in Hey Monday 
Great Breezy Sunday* Now, lets Chill 
speechwriting on a Sunday  Sounds of Miss Saigon still in my head. Go see it if you can.
@ortleygirl95 idkk I still need to try and convince my parent to let me go. their bring weird bout it. Maybe like Tuesday if Im allowed  
Crunch week! This Friday, I'll be heading to Oddmall, my first major craft fair, in Hudson, Ohio! I'm tricking out the website. 
Anyway, Good morning all and I hope you all have an excellent Sunday 
The guys made 5th place WooHoo! We pick them up at the airport Monday at 6:30pm Party at our house steaks and Beer! I am smiling 
its Sunday morning and I am sat here doing some work, how sad is that? Think I'll go out and cut the grass instead 
@MadJulia No it's by Hey Monday.  ;)
Brunch today was so niiiiiiice  Now, just gonna chillax the rest of my Sunday... uh, maybe there's an extra pancake in the fridge - Yeah!
Breaky burrito at Whole Foods is a good way to start a Sunday AM after a night out! Then it's games games games day 
@LaurieDasta I think so =P demain je te repasse MS et je te passe Hey Monday 
Just realized that on Wednesday I'll be by the mall I was gonna go to today, so fuck that plan. My day just got lazier. 
It's Sunday Bumday for me! Rain, robe, candles, mimosa, and music. Finally a day of R&amp;R. Mmmmmm! 
@JoJoMace Yup - I'll be in on Monday as normal - ten till half 5 
I discovered one of the worst smells possible. Burnt lemons. (on the BBQ) Oh my god ew. Done projects due for Monday. 
@onw2thetop Hey! Check out my #PhotoFollows 4 today! http://twitpic.com/4ijje (#PhotoFollows is Every Sunday now...Play along!) 
@S_dott Hey! Check out my #PhotoFollows 4 today! http://twitpic.com/4ijje (#PhotoFollows is Every Sunday now...Play along!) 
@sydneyberry not yet ! Glad u liked it  miss ya. Leaving Wednesday. I'll email u about the rest.
Sooo full- it's been a long time since I've had steak- now I'm curled up on the couch with a good book- what a perfect Sunday 
@InviteArtist Oh about a week, I think last Saturday it was nice. But, we will have lovely gardens, so I shouldn't complain! 
@MiaChambers Hehe, of course  Enjoy the rest of your Sunday, Mia.
@candicelopez Whooo hoo!!  Yes I will see you Saturday for sure...I'll be running around crazy working 
Hmm tomorrow is Monday. I will forget about that fact and just look forward to the coffee I know I will enjoy. 
@aplusk Stuck in statesboro til finals are over with here at Ga Southern University on Friday!!! Then I'm home for a week 
@TheRoxie Yes I am, got back Friday afternoon but leaving after the club Lavo &quot;red eye&quot; to SF for the cinqo de mayo. 
So happy that it's FINALLY May!    The Indy 500.  Was there for the horrors of 1973, yet I still remain held captive by Indy's spirit...
@TheJourneyAgent Hey, nice seeing you on Saturday. Glad things are going well for you. 
@kerryetches Yep they are open, it's Sunday hours tho 
@taylorswift13    eeek!! Your coming!!!! Im soo excited to see you on Thursday!! 
Boring. Sunny Monday. No school. Tired. Lazy. Hungry. Yeah, in a great mood! 
happy bank holiday Monday, Tweeteramas! I'll be spending the day doing yoga and having OCD attacks. You? 
May the 4th be with you! Hahahaha that'll neverrr get old 
@1Cor16_13 Awe, THX so much! Neither of need 2b sick on Friday!!  Do u have any prayer requests?
@AndyTaylorSonic Yey! holiday Monday in Uk today ... have a chilled day 
Monday...Funday!  Wake up people...and keep me awake please   Today is going to be a long one..I can already feel it. Eww
Morning all. It's Monday. Sigh. Trying to have a positive outlook on the day, but it's being difficult already. 
Goooooooood Mornin Tweeps! It's going to be an Awesome Monday - I can already tell... not even 8am and my inbox is clean 
Slept in, woke up with an iced coffee, lazed about &amp; went out for a late lunch with the BF. It's been a sweet little laid-back Saturday. 
@justjen97 BTW, do not plan anything for next Sunday. But do find out times they're showing Wolverine. I will take us to the movies!  
'Cause you have that effect on me, you do ? ?Currently loving Hey Monday. Thanks a lot, @alexrellosa. 
Yao is out for the rest of the season! NOOO!..staying home on a Saturday night...SHOCK....got my phone fixed 
Has about 10 hours work to do, on a Sunday. Boo. I will find time for a two hour lunchbreak though. Yeah 
@iJanette http://twitpic.com/4wl7x - Very pretty Janette  I have that exact same Hey Monday band!  And its on the same arm :O
@marinasmom Yucky! We had our last soccer game of the season today...tryouts start Friday 
http://pic.gd/fad84c One Sunday night at Helsinki. We hadn't drink anything... xD yeah RIGHT! 
@MeichunJones Hi. I was stuck on my laptop working Saturday. Hopefully more time to myself today. Trying to get over a nasty cold 
Hi Wednesday. I've popped yr Twitter cherry!  Lookin 4wrd to Thur dvd night!
@Barthje Cool! Let me know what you think of it  Now waiting for Angels &amp; Demons on Friday. Flashback to our Italy trip! 
@theladyisugly Well, have a good day, then.  Enjoy your #140Sunday and really, I don't have anything to add but this bit of filler. #cheat
@IrishLad585 Yeah going home for Summer on Thursday, need to get a job and make some money!  Enjoy your day! 
Im at my moms having a chilled out Sunday.....What are you guys up to?  X
BELIEVERS NEVER DIE WAS FUCKING AWESOME. Hey Monday in June/July 
Turkey sausage links, scrambled eggs.  Yummy Sunday breakfast.  Hopefully will talk my mom into letting me take her out for lunch. 
Hmmm i want a new mcfly poster... RadioACTIVE dvd tmozz  Reemer7SgtWolfy On Tuesday 
@ilydaintyy Well I thought you had to work anyways? Ohhh and I don't work Saturday!  Are you coming to my sis's play?
@jkldesign Hehe, you little retweeter you. And what about your Sunday? How was it!? 
@RealLamarOdom Hope you feel better. Wish u the best of luck. Dont let this bring yall down. We will get them on Tuesday 
I love Gossip Girl! I've watched like 7 episodes in a row, anyways this weekend is another long weekend with Kelsey! We have Monday off! 
@notviper Yeah dude!! See you Tuesday morning! 
Dancing around my room to Hey Monday! Sorta cleaning, more dancing! 
@JaxPanik Pierre told me about the gig when we interviewed him on the show on Tuesday! YEAH 
Sooo I've been the Biggest music junkie these last couple of days..James Morrison..Great artist songs are poetic..France on Tuesday!!! 
ejemmm,,, good morning people!!!, I think on Saturday I'm going to visit Capdepera, if you are there too perhaps we can meet 
@rajvara oh wait I missed the other tweet  Yeah just checked my calendar, Tuesday 19th @37signals 12pm it is! Glorias at Lexington Ave?
@Burtens Once my 10k is done on Sunday I am gunning for you in the TSA Challenge! Just thought you should know 
@DavidArchie: Hi david! filipinos have ways to make guests feel welcome...  looking forward to your concert on Saturday at Mall of Asia.
@ben_lawrence Ironically one of the youth group GAVE me a leather iPhone case Tuesday eve that his Dad didn't want.... Oh the irony!  
Hmm, what a week and it is only Thursday. Watching skies for incomoming meteors 
Lookin at NYC weather... Showers today through Sunday? REALLY. That sucks. Hope it's wrong. Tonight was fantatsic! 
Lookin at NYC weather... Showers today through Sunday? REALLY. That sucks. Hope it's wrong. Tonight was fantastic! 
I finished my bloody essay! Life is good  Oh and tomorrow is Friday, even better!
OHEMGEEE I am inlove with Elizabeth Harper's Friday, I'm inlove! 
Amanda's Cookin': Thrifty Thursday: Week #12 http://ow.ly/6PpG JOIN US!  This week from me, using leftover baked potatoes 
Omg haven't tweeted in a while!!! Getting ready for school happy Tuesday!! 11 days of school left!! 
is writing a lesson plan and 2 reflections... possibly 3 - UGH. Cannot wait for Tuesday... I'm on strike, bitches! =D can sleep innnnn 
Just added a waiting list for next Wednesday's DrinkTank. If you've RSVPd yes and can't come then please change it ASAP as we're FULL 
Cant wait for Monday!! Catching movie with my BFFs!! 
@midorigal Oh nothing interesting to report.  Just a normal, ridiculously busy Saturday serving the public 
@GevManoukian Thank you Gev! I loved today! What a perfect and amazing Saturday in Cali with my favorite people 
@TheDimmitt   That's OK Jer - you're not BARKing up the wrong tree here!    Good Sunday - OH - Mt St Helens Anniv tomorrow...BLAST IT!
Sunday morning. IT'S SUNNY! I'm gonna go for a run. 
@PembsDave Thanks for that Dave....  just what I need on a Sunday morning!  Ahhhhhh...  nice!  
@GlenandUnathi oh bless  OK cool. I will call you sometime soon anyway...need to catch up. Enjoy the rest of ur Sunday. Mwaaaaaaah!
@Sunday28 Sorry about that. Hm, I shouldn't be pulling you for a chat I think. You should be sleeping now 
@taetin Hey, Tin! Dead to the world. It's Sunday.  Anyway, I am awake now.
@Alyssa_Milano Hi! It sounds like you had sooooo much fun. I also danced, not at the wedding but at the disco hah  Have a great Sunday!
Hi flyfriends! First tweet of sunny Sunday. Hanging #3 laundry, lunch eaten and tomorrow's lunches made, so worst job is now done - yay! 
@jennsbookshelf Oh yes. I'm ready to cozy up with Georgette Heyer!  Have a wonderfully lazy Sunday!
Happy 17. May, Norway   And all of my love to the amazing Alexander Rybak!!!! You totally deserved to win yesterday ^^
@jmbuckingham Hey Jeanne!  How is your Sunday going? And how was your Saturday, while we're at it?!
Off to Dave's later today, then back to school on Monday night for my 8AM final on Tuesday. Then I'm done for the Summer!!!!! 
@heymiax3 HELLO MIA!!! I oh so miss Madee! Tell her to visit me and we'll eat in T.G.I. Friday's. I love you and Madee. xoxo Julia 
I want Friday the 13th starring Jared Padalecki in my DVD pile..NOW...J.P is one of my favorites. 
@billand88 /sig rights/ On a Sunday? You CA'ers just do everything different... 
@MeggieMay21 Not me - It's Sunday and I'm FREE 
Haircut time! Then heading to Linden Building Sunday Market! Yay! I've never been to this market so I'm excited to see what they have. 
Aight guys, heading to work and taking care of the house. I hope everyone has a nice Sunday 
Sunny Sunday!  Mmm strawberries for breakfast.
@Wossy Watching yr show from Friday. Excellent as usual &amp; the gorgeous Ewan McGregor......could watch &amp; listen 2 him all day (&amp; night!) 
It's my Monday..headphones on, coffee hot, now bang away at this keyboard! That means I have to work  Ciao Twitterland! C U in abt 9 hours
Janis Joplin - Leaving on a Jet Plane ~ I'm leaving tonight!  I'll see you all Friday!   ? http://blip.fm/~6h1u6
@Zecher_9 Hehe  Enjoy your Sunday, too!
tomorrow til Wednesday. I'm at a retraining in Hannover with my good friend Reggie. Party and Shopping Time!!  
With stephie. This weekend sucked besides Friday. Dunno what were doing, someone come pick us up. 
@ParellaLewis thank you for being who you are. I appreciate you!  Psst...thanks for the nice sunny Sunday! LOL
Sunday funday is about to begin  swimming bbq and maybe a beer here or there Lmao
Looking forward to a 3 Day work week and a nice loooonnngggg weekend at the beach. Doesn't make Monday look so intimidating. Ahhhh.... 
@iceis22 hahah ohh it's alright =P gooood afternooon to you as weelll 
AHHHH!!! @Jonasbrothers are going to be on Radio 1's live lounge on 15th June.  When I'm in London! Soooo going down their. ;)
@ChubbyGayMan hey! what about BOTH Sex Sunday? Because I could fall into that category! I have a husband AND a girlfriend. 
@kurometarikku LMAO! It doesn't get much better than FOX Sunday night! 
@missyIbee Thank you! Remember for me to put you in my Follow Friday 
Gonna try and enter Hey Monday contest to win tickets  http://www.buzznet.com/groups/letsmakeamesstour/
Apparently I missed the all the good Sunday shows on fox tonight. Oh well. I always know where I can watch them later. 
How You Love Me Now- Hey Monday. amazing song 
@paulakeogh ha ha!!  Well the show is in Brum till next Saturday and there are still tickets available. Any Talisians up for it? 
@LexaShmexa Nighters - bests to all in Chez Shanks... And time for me to go home. Monday is over - thank God! 
@amanda_baybeee Yea I was!  Wednesday? Is that at the ABC? Do you have tickets? 
is crashing at Jane's place until Thursday! Whee! 
@JenLedbury Duh!!! Comedy Friday? You know you want to.  &lt;3
uploading pictures at 2:30 AM, have gotten 5-7 hours of sleep since Friday. I'm lovin it and I love you 
everyone is talking about an earthquake in LA?? I'll be there Saturday  get ready fuckers
@Magpie_Guy nice word for a Monday  I'm already looking forward to cookies for elevenses!
Crazy Sunday! If only we'd had the Tapas 
@essteeyou Yep!! Wednesday night first..Bombay Bicycle Club are supporting@http://bit.ly/17SWz3  ...G 
Dannnng. Late ass night with shorty michael raul &amp; eric! Hahaha awww. Oh how I love unexpected nights. Happy Monday! 
@Jjvdk Really?  Ok... sounds good enough for me to go and see on Wednesday then... 
@jayxtreme good morning Jay, was it a good match on Saturday? You need a holiday and time with your family 
@DavidArchie David! Watch Oprah this Monday, may 18, okay? Thank you for coming in the Philippines! 
@lewiswebb Yup, got back last Monday! How's you? 
@DarrenWells  Sorry - missed your Tweet on Saturday.  www.pinballexpo.com.au  I'll put up a comprehensive post on it tomorrow. 
STOKED.  college class registration Friday.   Sucka Fresh.    lol    today was a good day to chill lakeside. booyah.   ok ill shut up. lol
Morning Tweeps! Here's to a marvelous Monday 
Here we go. Let's make Monday POP! 
@FatGuy Thanks so much! Stop by today if youre in my 'hood as it's Monday Facetime. You can hear me in action &amp; know what youd be gettin' 
G'Morning, Twitterati!!!  Let's try to survive this Monday, mmmkay??? 
Me and @SparkSparkSpark are going to see @MinusIQ on Friday! I'm very excited about this 
@BostinBloke Ok Don, you're like half a mile away from me right now! I went there for lunch last Thursday. 
http://bit.ly/28FNh  ROFL, totally brightened up my Monday 
@asmunder good to meet you IRL finally on Friday.  BTW, a friend of mine has an interesting startup plan, he'll be contacting you!
@MaryWilhite Thank you Mary! You have a GREAT Monday too!  Look forward to chatting more!
@Paisano TGIM--really? How are you so cheery on a Monday morning? 
@NoReinsGirl Hey I paid off the Nanook today. Pick it up Saturday.  
Monday! Umm thats all I have to say about that! 
Happy Monday! On my way to work listening to Dwele's &quot;If you want to&quot;. Another nice day in Chicago. Let's GO!! (in my Diddy voice) LOL! 
Good morning...bout to let the boss know i'm taking a super long weekend  nexy weekend starting Friday... We'll see how that goes 
@jaceypants Yeah, it's a good thing it's a SUNNY Monday morning, or I would have been grumpy.  But, I'll keep the faith he meant well. 
Hmmm, if the weather was better today, I'd go out and wash wool... will leave until Thursday methinks 
@greatgibbs Yup...we'll be back though.   We want to hear the preacher.  He was sick this Sunday! &gt;_&lt;
@Seckbach Oh this will be soooo goooood. Can't wait. g2g, for a run, ttyl, E. Have a good Monday! 
I'm in too good of a mood for a Monday. LOL! Must be the sunshine  Summer is just around the corner...WOO!!!
In other news, just realized Sad Monday streak is broken! Yey! I hope it's not replaced by a Manic Monday streak. 
YES!!! Blessings, Luv Ya. @emma_zero ~@impollyanna I'm thinking it's going to be a great Monday! 
Getting ready for work.. Ughh it's Monday all ready.. At least I only have to work 4 days this week 
coffee... guitar lesson... food... interview... food... open mic... food... open mic... food... sleep  Alright Monday, let's do this!
Mellow mood, stirred, with a panic salted rim.  Ahhhhh Rainy Monday. Sometimes it just turns out that way.... 
Happy Monday! What is your BIGGEST goal this week? Now make it even BIGGER 
Hard to roll outta bed but this is  3 day week for me bfore the longweekend! Suck it up and go to work!  happy Monday Y'all!!!
Sooooo looking forward to a long weekend, not that I have any plans but its always nice to lie in on a Monday  
Home from school  Been a pretty good day me thinks.Dreading the exam on Thursday.I'm not prepared at all :/
time to hit the sack. very productive day. Looking forward to a QUICK Friday 
Car rally tomorrow! And it's Friday! Bed for real this time ha, Zzzzz 
@trishthedish Hey, how much for the Saturday? Long story but I might need it! Can let u know for sure tomorrow! 
Yey! Its Friday. Roll on half term  4 groups to teach and a budget to write for next year.......then, bliss, a full week off.
Am on this Sunday's episode of Ang Pinaka, 6pm QTV Channel 11. We do food!  http://plurk.com/p/vewv5
Aaaaah, its Friday, ur Vodka needs you, pointed out by the big Lotto finger lol 
@over40something Am having 3 days too. A flex day on Monday. That's flexible working hours. Nice, isn't it 
@anz_rocks19 Hey thanks for the Follow Friday, I dont know how to do it, need sum 1 to teach me!!! 
@andrewandmike Nope he doesn't do Friday's 
Glad it's Friday BUT have had a very good first week at my new job 
Its Friday u kno what that means Im hitting town tonight and Saturday  FUN FUN  Get Ma dance on !!!!
@Hedgewytch Great thanks.Well it *is* Friday!   You?
Hey Friday, nice to see you again. Another sunny/awesome day?? Ok, I'll take that too. Mornin' 
@siobhangx Ooh, which day? I'm going on Sunday 
@LogiBeer Oh yea, thats a great idea and then just concentrate Sunday with the editing and only the editing crew, excellent! 
Happy Friday! #FridayFollow @dsmpublishing who FF me last week - Sam's expertise &amp; generosity is HUGE! Don't work too hard this w/end 
Ohhh! God my schedule! Morning classes is WHATEVER. ) Class starts on May 25  Too early, huh. (:
The weekend is here almost. Kicking it off with an AWESOME morning run and heading into work. Looking forward to my Monday adventure 
WOOHOO today is Friday... only gotta get through today then 3 days of fun 
it's Friday I'm in loveee! woohoo 3-day weekend  ? http://blip.fm/~6t0vg
Morning everyone. Busy Friday-contracts, review final banner designs, client follow ups and trying to wrap web dev proj. Oh, &amp; #ff lists 
I wish all of you as lovely a Friday as I am having. See you later! Maybe with some pix of OAPs shaking it to Afro-Peruvian music. 
What could be better than it's FRIDAY?  It's Friday on a HOLIDAY weekend! WooHoo!!!  
Its Friday, I'm in love 
@Bomboona I'm definitely not interesting enough. I'm doing ok, got a MASSIVE project in for Monday. Kinda stressed, but it's nearly over 
Good morning Safettes!!  Thank the Lord it is Friday!!  I can't wait to get my eyes on an issue of SOD and see Sami and her man Rafe!!  
Yey!!! Thank Fuck its Friday! LOL 
It's the Friday before a 3 day weekend!  WOOHOO!!  I get to see friends and kiddos this weekend and nothing makes me happier!!!  
@Orchidflower Maybe you could talk to NHS DIrect and see what they recommend... it is a BH weekend and you don't want to be ill Monday. 
@elephantbird Hey dear, Happy Friday to You  Already had your rice's bowl for lunch ?
Aaah, Friday  Sadly I don't have today off, so no long weekend for me
Yesss!  Friday, leaving early from work today, and looking forward to a long weekend!  
Time to get up. Ooooh Friday, I love you! 
@sherianelfie I think she's fun  Well sure I'm coming on Sunday, would miss it for the world &lt;3
Thank Goodness it's Friday!!!!  Dropped daughter off at school and now, back to the house so that i can sew.  
@IRockHisName282 girl I hear you! Let's play Sunday night? 
I got to work 4 out of 5 days this week!! YAY!!  So glad its the weekend though...@chuckwicksmusic See ya Sunday!! VIP!! 
@leannenufc LOL, forget about Sunday till after tonight! Oooh, have fun! 
No skool todayy. until Tuesday.  I'm here. I love my babyy&lt;3
@smiley_steph THANK YOU! That video was a lovely thing to wake up to at 6am on a Friday... haha 
@Ali_Sweeney Morning Ali - Enjoy your Friday &amp; have a great weekend  Cleaning the carpet in my house this wkd. LMAO.I know how 2 have fun!
Yeah! It's Free chocolate Friday again  https://secure.realchocolate.com/ to request your coupon!
Okay, so my last tweet about people... I really pretty much love em!  hate to be a debbie downer on such a lovely Friday! 
@KendellRenee Hello Kendell. I'm having fun on twitter, like you are! Have a wonderful #followfriday Friday 
@BlueyedMuse Thanks for the Follow Friday, I'm payin' it forward! 
@ElastaLiz heck Eliz  I'm lookin forward too Monday in 2 weeks cause that's when I get my KISS!    oh yeah baby plant it on me.
@MissGerri Well hello!  I'm happy to meet you, too!    What do you think of my Fearless Friday shoes?   http://bit.ly/C7VeJ
Ok guys... I'm going to do Follow Friday list a little later in the day... 
@JGDemas Awww... Thank you! Too bad it's not the pic I REALLY wanted... Maybe next time. Happy Friday 
@ThetaHealerMaya Well I'm starting Friday like its Saturday which is all good because everyday is like the weekend for me. 
Good morning Twitterfam!! These past few days have been gorg! Soo refreshing. Well imma exercise but i'll be back with Follow Friday love 
WTF I just found out that I have off on Monday! I'm so freaking happy!!! 
@seaneeboy Hey, I can't think of a task that will earn you more points than grouting! You should be heavily in credit by Tuesday 
Hi Everyone I'm joining Follow Friday for the 2nd time.  excited to meet nice people again
Friday   Really looking forward to the long week.  It's so quiet in the office today...
Its Friday, Thank God.... Summer kick off weekend officially here 
@h0ney_ Dont stare at the clock all day  thanks for the follow Friday luv!
Woooo! It's Friday!! Let me start by saying thanks for the #FollowFriday mentions so far --I'm about to get it rollin' too 
@MethodDan @paulclark72  Oh I'd forgotten that was tonight! Have a brilliant time- I'm really quite jealous! Happy Friday  x
So happy that it's a sunny Friday   Looking forward to the Lasher family BBQ tonight at the in-laws house.
I'M AWAKE!  Amd it's Friday. Which means tomorrow is Saturday and THEN it is SUNDAY!!!!!!
@retrorewind DAVE I MISSED YOU!! I'm back from Miami &amp; NKOTB cruise- Rocked da boat! But glad to have U back at work. Block Party Friday 
@bvhk it did. More than MS Word recovering, I was worried about myself. Both recovered  BTW you coming for alumni meet on Sunday? @awtaney
@PlusSizeMommy Howdy!!  How's your Tuesday evening? lol
Until tomorrow twitters!!! I'm so tired!! but hold on!! because tomorrow is Wednesday!!... and thursday I not have classes!!  Yeah!
Going to school on Monday. I'll represent the girls of 2nd year high school. Maybe my nose bleed 'cuz of English. haha. 
Pretty tired haha I still gots to shower  I hate how tomorrow is only Tuesday  Fuck duuuude Oh an the run today was good 
Wednesday 5/27/09 + DMB = WOOHOO  
*Spazz* I can't wait for the new Say Anything albummm! Even though it's going to be several months. But TBS is this Tuesday! 
How You Love Me Now - Hey Monday 
Yeah yeah yeahs followed by ladies 80s - that's what I call a good Thursday 
Enjoying my day off  Just walked our Dog Jake.Been out and about all morning. On Sunday we are doing our First BIG SUNDAY - &quot;What Matters&quot;
Okay, gotta go get some peaceful dreams going in my head. Next four days are work days, plus Sunday double shift. Take care all 
@omfericit Yeah  Can't wait to get on the plane. I'm so tired...Black Sea on Sunday, yes!
I just realized my braces are going to match my Hey Monday shirt Im going to have to start wearing it more often. 
Aha! Just as I was settling into boring Thursday night routine, I'm told Orval awaits me at Casey's. Mmm..Trappists FTW? 
Longgg day. Pay day tomorrow! Having AJ over after work tomorrow, then we're going to Cedar Point Saturday morning. Sooo excited! 
@MonteCarloSS2k  Yeah I used to make the journey to work in Cov regularly, its about an hours drive. Enjoy your Friday 
Okay so I just ate 2 pieces of cornbread I made this past Sunday LOL it wasn't growing any hairs n green dots so I got my grub on 
Boo! Gotcha...  Mornin' all... *yawn* V tired but awake and doing stuff. Bonus. And it's Friday! Things're looking up!
@poinktoinkdoink @-) Oh really? You can call me tomorrow, since it's Friday.   Call Carmel too.
TGIF!!!!  Very excited to see everyone at @Aurora_Boo 's grad party Saturday! 
@AlexiaMac Seriously. I even blipped a song about Monday. I knew it, I shouldn't start studying again, it's damaging my brains 
Back to study again  Oh, this Monday,,,of course.
Morning. Friday =  Sun shining =  Ohh so happy
Woohoo it`s a beautiful sunny Friday. I made this simple &quot;todo&quot; while I wait for the man in my life to come home 
Alright Everybody who is still following me, Dizzle is calling it a night. Be back nice, bright and early for some F-IT Friday action! 
Friday, where have you been?! I've missed you! Oh well, at least you're here now  x
@msalonen Yeah - weather supposed to be good here too. Think we're having a bbq on Sunday 
@tteague Glad to see that the highlight of Friday is FW. Of course you've already confessed that you don't read the best bits ... 
@geekachu Morning - follow Friday? Am I seeing things? You feeling ok? Thank you 
Getting donuts because it is Friday  Oh, and the movie Up is out today!
Back home, thought I'd done for the week, but just had a call to alter something else for Monday Arrrrgh. Do it then start the Wkend 
