Most common words for this cluster:
[('mondays', 171), ('sundays', 64), ('saturdays', 58), ('fridays', 43), ('case', 37), ('tuesdays', 21), ('i', 21), ('day', 20), ('thursdays', 17), ('work', 13), ('today', 13), ('days', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Mondays', 0.9667649269104004), (u'Tuesdays', 0.9206753969192505), (u'Thursdays', 0.9173105955123901), (u'Wednesdays', 0.9120090007781982), (u'Fridays', 0.9098153710365295), (u'Saturdays', 0.9072871208190918), (u'Sundays', 0.8618757724761963), (u'Sonia_Modes', 0.7861941456794739), (u'Wednesdays_Thursdays_Fridays', 0.7645922303199768), (u'Naples_Cadet_Squadron', 0.7600676417350769)]





I hate Tuesdays 
Really let down by gossip girl...it's all I have to make my Mondays good and all they give are reruns... 
@Knot2serious oh! Btw,@djrocko951 &amp; I tried to go to that Cuban buffet I told u about,so excited..it's closed on Mondays  SAD story!
hates that buses don't run on Sundays 
Off to work. I hate working Sundays 
Sundays are so borings 
Uhh, Sundays arent cool! 
@pandamonster  I hate reduced service Sundays too.  You can't get anywhere!
S_T_R_E_T_C_H_........I love Sundays! Crap,  I work today 
@theyea I never liked Sundays. Ever! 
Sundays are always depressing, because you have to worry about Mondays the following day 
Someone's got a case of the Mondays 
sniffly, sneezy and still looking at a looming deadline...This is definitely a case of the Mondays! 
I hate Mondays 
I hate Mondays... 
I'm having a bad case of the Mondays! Two days is not enough recovery time.. 
Yea for Mondays 
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down 
@Fashion_Bug whatta lazy bummm! Awww. Fridays the last day I have a phone, til summer 
Looks like somebody has a case of the Mondays  ? http://blip.fm/~4mqdq
@sarah121212 I so wish we had that option... I do get to wear jeans on Fridays (as long as they look nice!) but darn it - no hoodies! 
as Karen Carpenter sings..... rainy days and Mondays always get me down. 
I can already tell its going to be one of those Mondays..  and its already fucking hot too..
Has a serious case of the Mondays 
@RyanSchartz aww, we are closed Mondays 
@heathergarland Amen sister - why are Mondays so hard? 
bout to upload Saturdays vid  ...btw it sucks... 
It shouldn't rain on Saturdays!!! I wanted to go to the mountais 
@jmichaelcraig gotcha! I pig out on Saturdays, so far, I had french toast and oj, and about 5 chocolates my mom made 
I hate working the late shift on Saturdays 
Working on Saturdays makes me blue... 
At the registers...I hate working Saturdays! 
@BrooklynHilary I think they close at 10p on Saturdays,   (@daveygjohnson: incentive http://bit.ly/41lud)
doesn't want it to be weekdays again 
Sundays would be so much nicer if it weren't for Mondays 
@FireladySnail Sundays aren't meant to be worked on! 
@arcopolc Saturdays r working fr me 
@Cari_tx @MamaSeal @rockonrebelchld I know, same here. Dread Mondays. 
I dont like Sundays.. 
Mondays... *sigh* 
@jimparedes And the residual ape is at its strongest on Mondays 
@nhulanphan thankfully I'm off tomorrow and Tuesdays but I'm still working on some projects so I'm not really off  , good luck on finals!
I hate Sundays 
I miss my hubby  I hAte Sundays cause it the beginning of a long week
Oh I hate Mondays!!!   And I'm not even working today!!!  Mondays are generally depressing!!! 
I find it strange that I have loads of work on Fridays but almost none on mondays 
good morning @patita its evening here in Australia and I dont like Mondays  ? http://blip.fm/~5jikw
rainy days and Mondays...........you know the rest 
Rainy Mondays are my favorite kind... except that I can't get the dogs to go outside. 
Uuugh i feel like shit   Mondays suck.
Rainy Days and Mondays always get me down....wow, today is both!  
it's just past 9:00 AM and I'm already stressed the hell out. . .  I cannot stand Mondays. 
I hate Mondays!  
I really hate Mondays! 
Mondays are just not my thing 
@meznor I miss Coach's Corner! The highlight of my Saturdays. 
Long Weekend @ home, finally getting over...I hate going to school on Mondays 
Man was awesome working with @tateland !!!! Looking forward to Saturdays even more now even though I'll be working almost all day 
A case of the Mondays 
Sundays are boring when you are single 
Doesnt like Sundays 
I'm dreading work tomorrow.. especially now that my hours are cut, I'm pissed and Mondays generally suck. 
I hate Sundays. 
Aahhh.had a bad case of the Mondays  glad it's over...now If I could only get rid of this damn cough the week would be perfect.
why does it always have to rain on Thursdays 
@gunarrr Ugh! I know! Thursdays are lame. 
hates Sundays  http://plurk.com/p/uanto
sometimes it's so hard to be at F.O.R.T.H on Sundays. 
going to the nursery..its weird without her bff...but she should probably get used to it...since i think she only has 2 Sundays left 
@Jaxthatgirl no, @danadigital works on Sundays 
I hate Sundays where I have to work. 
Having a case of the Mondays 
Mondays suck 
What a beautiful Monday morning in Scotland . . . wet and windy   I agree with The Boomtown Rats, I dont like Mondays
I am sooo over sneezing. I've got a feeling that the cleaners on the weekend use something I'm allergic to. Mondays are not good for me. 
going to work...i got a case of the Mondays 
I always thought Mondays were meant to be productive 
moving S L O W L Y into get them on the bus mode ... and i mean slowly. Mondays! 
I dislike Mondays 
Mondays suck.... Not matter if we have a day off 
did not sleep well   Always makes Mondays more fun
Driving to work - Mondays really suck. 
@IskaNekonome I'm not about on Tuesdays- childline 
It's so much harder to face Mondays when the weekend was so fantastic! 
I'm tired on Mondays no matter what   boo.
has a case of the Mondays 
who's got the case of the Mondays? I got the case of the Mondays 
Why do Mondays suck so bad? Projects look bigger and resources smaller 
I really hate Mondays  .
I don't usually complain about Mondays but I feel like crap today. Moms never get a day off. 
@themes4bb I got a case of the Mondays 
having a bad case of the Mondays. 
-Apparently the north side of Chicago is closed on Mondays. I just want some breakfast... 
@gypsychild They banned jeans on Fridays this year 
want to go see the Saturdays at Hammersmith Apollo but can't afford it... 
@miraclelaurie I agree! I miss Dollhouse on Fridays ... I have nothing to do!  I'm still REALLY glad we're getting a 2nd season!!! 
Why do Wednesdays always come so fast? Wednesday = PE = total disgrace.  Help me......
@pambeeslyjenna the one bad thing about summer is no new The Office on Thursdays  any big plans for this summer?
@the_archivist Rainy Days and Mondays, gave you props. That voice gives me shivers but so sad to see the video. She thought she was fat. 
Missing Supernatural Thursdays... 
@wandaharland tomorrow between 10 and 6, and then thursdays through saturdays from 10 til 6 - I'll only be here on Saturdays though 
@jane_l I blame you for 1/2 price Fridays replacing Free Book Fridays. They don't want you doing #rrtheatre anymore. 
Preparing for my twirl...say bye bye to Phat Fridays 
I like going to breakfast on Saturdays, I don't like going so early. Especially when I wake up with a headache 
.@MyInnerJules you have to work on Saturdays?? 
@htdomo lmao sorry you have to work on Saturdays 
working doubles on Fridays leave you with much worse than a hangover the next day 
@ArmyWifeNetwork I'm at work!   Unfortunately patients still have eye issues on Saturdays, you'd think their bodies would give me a break!
@thejasonrobison Have fun!! I miss getting to hang out on Saturdays! 
Saturdays always go by so fast. 
I shouldn't be up this early! I sleep in on Sundays! 
I woke up really early and can't get back to sleep.  Sundays are supposed to be for sleeping in.
Sundays are boring. 
Sundays make me sad. 
@cplaird It is!  But they are airing the final three episodes on Saturdays... starting yesterday. It's ok. Watched it on abc.com.
Sundays are boring. 
I hate Mondays 
Sundays can be sooo boring. 
Sundays and mondays are always very difficult  sigh
ridiculously tired and ice cream kicks ass!...but Mondays          SUCK! 
is thinking booooo.. hisssss.. Mondays 
I hate Mondays grrrrrr 
why does Chuong Garden have to be closed on Mondays? 
don't like Mondays... 
I want happy Thursdays back! 
There's something about Mondays that always get to me.. For instance today, my sis took my cookie 
I hate Mondays 
just got back from werk ... I hate Mondays ... 
Aww hell....so early. I hate Mondays and tuesdays!  I am e'ffin grouchy!
Rainy days and Mondays, actually &quot;rainy Mondays&quot; are not phun! and then again: http://bit.ly/5yqWc  
I don't like Mondays 
@turpentine2009 I like the Saturdays, the Sugababes earlier stuff was brilliant. but they have split! 
Major case of the Mondays 
I hate Mondays 
Mondays suck!!! I'm barely up....   http://myloc.me/2gUZ
 I hate Mondays.
Has a case of the Mondays 
I have a SEVERE case of the Mondays 
I have a case of the Mondays 
@StephaniePitts Aww.. a case of the Mondays 
I got a case of the Mondays 
i just want to go home. I have a bad case of the Mondays  
Why do Mondays seem to drag on forever and Saturdays are faster than a prostitute downtown 
Rainy.......weekends over  ........I think I have a bad case of the Mondays......
I've got a case of the Mondays  About to put on some Miley to cheer me up
Argh Mondays   Contact lenses all dry  Bad day
Mondays... hate em 
I hate Mondays!!!!!!!!!  pretty bad day!
has a case of the Mondays 
I hate Mondays 
@stevierette68 you and I both have major cases of the Mondays 
I hate Mondays 
I have a case of the Mondays 
@artoholicanonms stayed home from work today  I have a case of the Mondays. Actually I was just kept up all nite w/ muscle cramps  
I have a super bad case of the Mondays. 
Mondays go by so sllooowww 
I miss Mondays. 
Off to exciting Palmer for the latest tech services roundtable.  Despite the fact that the lunch place there is closed on Tuesdays. 
@jimwlamb - you could visit and use my water hose, but Tuesdays are not my approved watering days.  
Seen the Saturdays in the radisson last night! Never got to meet them  Antony and the Johnsons tomorrow... if the tickets ever arrive!
Having a case of the Mondays ..on a wednesday ????  
I need to go and get ready for school. The only bad thing about Fridays is that I have maths first lesson. 
I'm Gone need yall to quit throwing sets on Fridays  I be missing everything now since I got that gig on fridays grrrrrr
All I want to do is go to sleep   Hooray for Fridays...
Fridays are suppose to be relaxing 
Waiting out the last few minutes of work. The last 15 on Fridays are always the longest  Move you damn clock!
@megaaaann high five! I hate having nothing to do on Fridays  hopefully I find something to do.
@UlisesOrozco Aw damn I thought those were on Mondays 
Saturdays are working 
@AliciaWag I work at Toys R Us, but they have me doing stock   I have to help unload the trucks at 6 am on Saturdays.
absolute sniffing like crazzzy. why do i get the worst hayfever on Saturdays? 
Why is my Saturdays gig so far away  *wants the merchandise more than some of my own family members*
Saturdays without football are like Fridays without fish 
@springcart I love them - but why are they not open on Saturdays? Also, if they're not open, what's up with the site being down? 
The Goode Family moving to Fridays 
Saturdays don't seem the same without britains got talent 
Jus finished watching thurs and Fridays eastenders was a bit boring tbh 
No one showed up at work so everyone was sent home and coming back at 3, inb4 thunderstorm &gt;__&gt;. Also I have to work all day on Saturdays 
@jennypoynter  the Saturdays boards might have something
wish i bought tickets to see The Saturdays  i love them!
Why Saturdays end so soon 
Going to a play on Saturdays on not very good with the bus schedule. Poo! Stranded at SFCC. 
I can't say that I'm a fan of Sundays!! 
Saturdays &amp; JLS together = 
Another day, another dollar....  Bloody work tomorrow as well, god you have to HATE Sundays 
Ahhh, Sundays! Lazy Sundays! Although we still have a huge mess to pickup after the 2x B-day party from yesterday   #slacking
@fafinettex3 I don't think pro is open on Sundays 
@tinnieee I can`t go out during Saturdays, family time. 
I hate that bloggers take Sundays off. 
i hate Mondays. i don't know why. 
Aww, I wish I had a friend to go to Orange Wednesdays with. 
Why don't I like Sundays?????  Because they come before Mondays 
 really dont like 3-11 shift especially on Sundays
I love Sundays. No traffic, but boo work 
@JessMcFlyxxx I'm a hungry person! Heheh. I'm always lazy &amp; tired, but Sundays are so slow &amp; empty! 
Sundays always make me feel tired and lazy, especially when they're rainy 
Still at work. 11 to 930 Sundays blows. I begged to leave but it appears ill be watching the Tonys from chez pit 
Movie, laziness and probably some wine! Sundays would be a lot better if they weren't followed by Mondays! 
I wish the Y didn't close so early on Sundays. 
I'm headed to bed. Why do Sundays always have to go so fast? 
@FollowJocelyn ugh...don't remind me!!! Mondays are the worst 
@AlohaBruce Little Oven is closed Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays. 
Why do Mondays come around so quickly, there you are just getting into the swing of the weekend and whoosh, it's gone! I hate Mondays. 
I hate Mondays 
ahh I hate Mondays... 
Now on to a new diagram  Mondays suck
Gah! Mondays... Never could get the hang of Mondays. Time to pop into the shower and force myself awake 
Wondering when this eternal cycle of weekend to Mondays and back will end... 
Unfortunately, it's going to be one of those Mondays. I can just feel it 
Now im not even sure if my ride is coming. Ugh! Mondays 
I hate Mondays! 
asks why do Mondays have to be always soO blah!!!   http://plurk.com/p/111yce
Mondays are bad enough. No angel. 
Getting ready to go to work. Mondays are suckish. 
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down 
@ricknewell all I've gots are Mondays... 
ugh . . . can I just stay in bed all day long today?  I have a bad case of the Mondays.  
@kevinschultz Here's to hiding in offices all day, and to having gloriouisly shitty Mondays 
I really dislike geting up early on Mondays 
Mondays stink 
Having a case of Mondays 
Still stuck in the cubicle I hate Mondays 
Wishing it would stop raining the sun would shine. Rainy Mondays at work are NOT what's up 
I really hate Mondays! 
I no like Mondays  And I'm sick if it wasn't for Sam I would be home in bed but I can't leave her hanging.
Working... Mondays suck! 
Tried to get online this morning and computer was down. I hate it when Mondays start that way. Hour behind now... 
Serious case of the Mondays 
@cosplay ...materials room. Just grabbed a sammitch from Alterra. It's actually really good. The cafe here isn't open on Mondays. 
I think somebody's (me) got a bad case of the Mondays. 
@lisadoods not having a fabulous day today  Tuesdays are my least favourite day of the week and Thursdays my best (long story)...
Oh and @voddeli changed their hours  Now I can only eat there on Saturdays and vacation. #sadface
@spammusubigood ugh, weekdays don't work for me!  
SUCK!!!  The louvre is closed on Tuesdays!   there won't be time to go tomorrow...what a dissapointment
@susan3325 Closed on Mondays  but they're open today!!!!!
STILL have a slight case of the Mondays...seriously? 
just want to get through the day. I have come to hate Tuesdays 
@eoshipper4ever I am busy busy and depressed @ Tuesdays with no new SVU 
Tuesdays = the suck 
i always want to go out on Tuesdays, the deadest night of the week 
@tygerstyle I can't go on Thursdays. I work too early. 
Shit  I've forgot...chemist's close sooner on Wednesdays  The pain is getting more worse
@pattyfarmer I can't decide! I want southlake but Thursdays are out starting august  Plano is second but replaces uptown netweavers. WTD??
shots are not meant for weekdays 
My Panda Express fortune: &quot;Saturdays are good days for taking care of chores&quot;   Must have mixed up the fortune cookies w/torture cookies!
http://twitpic.com/7pfmh - I just made it. :&quot;&gt; I miss our PE Thursdays !  @hoybea, @cisforcristinaa
If CSULB closes 2 Fridays a month, what's going to happen to my Friday studio class next semester?  http://bit.ly/oYwga
@loveq2 I'm so jealous. I have to go to school Tuesdays to Saturdays. 
I hate when Thursdays feel like Fridays.. 
@anna10tran at school.. I'm jk I can't make any happy hour except Fridays cause of school 
READING: People uprooted by conflict and persecution worldwide: 42 MILLIONS,  STOP complaining about  Mondays   http://tinyurl.com/ljh9go
I must say.. T.G.I.F!!!! Lol I love Fridays, I just hope it decent outside. Sun is trying to peak out but clouds is here. Blah 
@kirstiealley But I'm only funny on Tuesdays between 7 &amp; 9 so that leaves me at a disadvantage 
I love it when students stay late after class to work on projects...just not on Fridays. 
I usually drink beer and leave early on Fridays, but didn't do either today. Just leaving now and no beer. 
Man, I typically get a 2nd burst of wind when I get off work. Specially  on Fridays...not so much today. Must b the weather.. 
Getting Ready for work tomorrow...I hate working on Saturdays 
I love my 'let your hair down Fridays'.  It's fun to laugh and play a bit, plus Cops is over 
working on Saturdays too 
is beginning to hate Saturdays. Off to work.  http://plurk.com/p/12cuqt
@DaMessiah88 so you never get to sleep-in. I guess on Sundays  I don't mind working Saturdays
should be heading to The Saturdays, but is actually at home being very ill 
I hate that we have make up classes for the next 3 Mondays. 
@beaglelover1200  working Saturdays is never fun, all though I work them all by choice.
My body must automatically go into hangover mode on Saturdays. I didn't even go out last night and still feel awful 
I'm not used to working on Saturdays...but I gotta do it... 
hates working all day on Saturdays...wishes she was at the lake 
@BranLee1184 I be wondering the same thing. It use to be some awesome cartoons that came on on Saturdays.  booo not anymore
Saturdays just don't feel like Saturdays when you're jobless 
Lacking some serious motivation to get through my readings before Thursdays exam 
@WritingSpirit I miss participating in #writechat now that I work on Sundays 
i have personally confirmed that my favorite flower shop closes waaaay too early on Saturdays.   4 o'clock!!??!!  Really??
Sundays are plain compared to Saturdays 
When Sundays are not Sondays... 
Missing a very good friend who will be missed y many of us espically on Tuesdays at dinner.  You will be missed Claudia. 
Why does my CWTS have to be on Mondays 
@GeneRhee Sorry -- we're working on it. Looks like Groublogpon's having a case of the Mondays 
@adjamc  I tend to feel like that on Mondays...maybe that's what it is?
Cold. Tired. Headachey. Mondays should not be allowed. 
Scratch the pool idea-it's closed on Mondays 
yay Tuesdays....... much nicer than Mondays!!! so tired though 
Bleh... Those Fridays microwave hot wings were a mistake... I hope it's not the H1N1. 
We're heading to Ruby Tuesdays for lunch; nice.  Too bad they aren't picking up the tab though. 
Usually I am really productive on Tuesdays, but not today. 
Tuesdays are lame. I don't get to see rachel much 
I hate Thursdays - back 2 work 
My new office is really nice, but I have the side without a window. Which means I don't get to see the pretty lady walk by on Wednesdays. 
I shouldn't drink on Wednesdays 
ominous weather....obviously on Frisbee Thursdays 
@emdanyell I personally hate Mondays and Thursdays... Thuesday is a Blah-day 
We just met some awesome people at T.G.I Fridays 
@hohokam you're older than I am and your still out barhopping on Fridays? 
is has accomplished much this weekend and is now well-fed and sleepy  Gemma likes Sundays. And sundaes.
I have finished my history homeworks. I love the Sundays with sun 
@BecaBear Mondays blow. But glad you two are still alive 
@mrbellek Mondays and lasagnas.... strange association... 
meeting up at the Ed for beery post-jam celebration. Good things always happen to us on Mondays - we should've been called Happy Mondays 
welcoming johnubacon - those of you who do not already read his blog on Fridays, join in!  johnubacon.com 
@BearMate hard to be productive on Mondays.  
is in a meeting, and then another one, and then other one, and then lunch, and then another one...   welcome to Highview Mondays.
Case of the Mondays... need a bloody mary for the cure  and is anyone else really hot? hot! hot!
I just completely rearranged my schedule for next semester...I hope that was a good idea!  At least I have Fridays off!! 
is just getting out of bed. Ahh, Saturdays 
@peonproductions #FollowFriday is a list of people you send out on Fridays that you think others should follow. 
bout to upload Saturdays vid  ...btw it sucks... 
@OracleBFisher I guess Successexful Saturdays is very successful tonight, thats whats up... I gotta get to the A soon 
@angusi get yourself back to bed !! ... it's what Sundays are for 
@Mikimel so nice to have Sundays off 
is relaxing on the couch, Sundays are the best 
@seaquest18 who said we cant meet up during weekdays? 
Brunch   I love Sundays.
@mabakle That's what Sundays are for! I love Sundays! 
Relaxing in my P.J.'s.  I LOVE Sundays!!!  
@RecipeGirl I love lazy Sundays like that. 
is tuned in to Lori Wyman's &quot;Motivational Mondays&quot; teleconference! I am READY to take ACTION!! 
Oh on Mondays...pretty chill, man. 
Since when did I start enjoying Sundays so much? 
Loove Sundays  I get to do nothing allll day!
@ArieleMoonfire  does it mean you will b going 2 bed earlier on Mondays? 
loving Mondays for so many reasons! 
Mondays aren't so bad when they are this sunny  #fb
@iunfold That's true  I never believe my staff when they call in sick on Mondays or Fridays - LOL!
bout to have dinner with the Homies. T.G.I Fridays takout, headed bak to the spot. 
@theKT oh yeah!!! I'm so stoked for Mondays game when caps get destroyed 
@rpalumbo We try to get the podcast up Thursdays 
@otciii what are follow Fridays? 
loves Sundays! .... 
Ah. i love Sundays.  l0l text me.    ~iloveGod.~
One of the best Sundays ever. 
#boston Going to check out Sowa Sundays now... let's see if I can find some cool gifts there!  http://bit.ly/13n7iy
@FrankieTheSats just heard The Saturdays on a mexican radio statiooooon 
@rammyDen - not sure what's open tomorrow; wd suggest phoning to check; near you is http://drgenerosity.com/ - $1 corkage fee on Mondays 
@Anjeebaby feeling better -know exactly what you mean about Mondays 
@DaddyP @70steen I love Mondays....(sorry!)  G'night again!  
@TheSooz79 I hate Mondays too, I'm trying to keep upbeat, but its not easy 
I've had such a productive morning and its only 10am.  I wish all Mondays were as good as this 
: 4-7pm on Mondays used to be spent for wedding planning.  So what do we do now? 
@jason_2008 few days off + Mondays, not a great combination, but hey ho! 
And btw. I love Mondays 
A campaign should be started to BAN Mondays 
@christianwilson looks like someone has the case of the Mondays 
@RachelleGardner I like your attitude! Mondays are not to be dreaded. 
is gonna fight off this case of the Mondays with some caffeine 
@NaniWaialeale except I love follow Fridays 
@wildpeeta Yepp no #gluten for me  At the organic supermarket they have #GlutenFree Tuesdays and you can get some good bake goods 
FINALLY 24 degrees today (H)  Fridays always bring somthing good 
Yay for Fridays and 3-day weekends! I'm going to Maine again for a concert and other festivities  woot woot
I like Fridays, here my weekend begins 
Just woke up. Fridays are amazing 
Sunny Fridays always cheer me up and so does waking up to a kitty cat kiss 
The wonderful thing about Fridays is that they always arrive in the nick of time. 
Thirsty Thursdays!  Formosa, Brothers, stoked.
O thank heaven for Fridays! I finally get my car fixed tomorrow...o what? Only after 2 weeks of driving it being semi-broken. 
@AndyMacMusic see, told you your Thursdays were gonna improve. 
