Most common words for this cluster:
[('monday', 867), ('friday', 802), ('tuesday', 266), ('thursday', 266), ('day', 202), ('wednesday', 201), ('night', 175), ('morning', 170), ('i', 143), ('tomorrow', 133), ('today', 120), ('work', 116)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Monday', 0.9214358925819397), (u'Friday', 0.9207010269165039), (u'Thursday', 0.9130013585090637), (u'Tuesday', 0.9042142629623413), (u'Wednesday', 0.9013786911964417), (u'Saturday', 0.7989162802696228), (u'Sunday', 0.7972922921180725), (u'Thurday', 0.682514488697052), (u'Feb.', 0.6680272221565247), (u'Wednesay', 0.6638693809509277)]





The Company I work for shuts down on Thursday...  Joblessville here I come...
Finished the second research paper of the week. It's Tuesday...kind of. Kill me. Test Friday. 
@RyanSeacrest Tie bar!  I missed it on Wednesday. 
Thought this being a 4-day week would make Tuesday more bearable. I was wrong 
@jobeaz damn, sorry I missed it... But I'll be in Brisbane until Thursday night 
Missed Music Monday 
Dang. I had hoped to make my Xcake debut soon, but can't make Thursday evening 
had a lovely chat with a Thursday Island guy today.  And now is haaaanging for palm trees.......and frangipani.....and dugong... 
Death toll from Monday's earthquake in Italy is now at 207 
Eight hours. 1500 words. Lucy happily reparked. Brain composed largely of mush. Beginning to freak out about Thursday while it's Tuesday. 
@bigjonevans @willgray79 you asked for a &quot;Volunteer&quot; for Monday, not sure mine will be there    http://bit.ly/13qWMV
Tuesday ... Long day ahead ... 
I really dont feel like hanging around Milpark Hospital on Thursday  *sad face*
Dam I'm at work wishing the weekend was here.... It's only Tuesday people 
@CuddlyDragon Heading back home on Thursday evening after work I'm afraid. 
@Roselyn ugh I'm sorry chica. I feel like no one understands when I have issues like that w/makeup.  at least Monday is over..
Thursday can't come soon enough.. I miss Joshua 
Bored on a Friday night 
There's no wifi where we are at, so I will be without internets until Monday night, no BEDA posts either 
Sick on a Friday night. 
Back to work on Monday after 2 weeks off  
Toothache is coming back, will be back in the dentist chair on Monday! 
rainy day...had to push a senior shoot to Thursday   Cant wait thought!
Friday night sucked... I lost a dog and a laptop. RIP to them both 
@happymonkeyshoe Ditto! I was not impressed with last Wednesday's online ordering 'issues'! 
Fresno is supposed to reach 97F on Tuesday.  Blah. 
preparing presentation for Wednesday's &quot;Social Networking&quot; Conference in Rotterdam http://tinyurl.com/3xy3k4... where is the structure?? 
Back in school on Monday ....... 
Too bad everyday can't be a Follow Friday...what are we supposed to do on Saturdays?  
Back to work Monday holiday officially over then 
Went to Stirling, bought a new top, only three pound, bargin! Can't Wait til Friday. More Shopping, Yay! Back to school on Monday though 
Back to school Tuesday  but then its only 5 weeks till Summer yay
EL LONDRES tomorrow, having withdrawal symptoms from the besties though   Tuesday shall fix that - for now, music eases academic pain.....
Sleepy after a looong day at work! I cant believe I have to go back to school on Tuesday 
Just saw Seceondhand Serenade/ now I must work on my research paper that is due Tuesday.  I have not started on it yet. 
@mariajessica Ahhh Jess, I still have to do revisions for thesis and have it bound... till Tuesday I can't be lazy. 
Ugh, got a notice from 1and1 that they had a problem making my hosting account. Can't call them till Monday. 
Upload speed is so much faster in the US... Going home on Wednesday is going to feel like going back to the dark ages 
Neurobiology and Contemporary morality exams on Monday? I think, therefor I'm screwed 
got up early to watch the F1, but with the rain and SC, it's more like watching traffic go by on the M25 on a wet Monday morning 
I should actually go to sleep. I need to get up early tomorrow to do actual work since I have an assignment due &amp; an exam Monday. Fail. 
I just made a banner for my Twitter, you can see it on several different websites.  I'm sad that I have to go back to school on Tuesday. 
@Sr_Pedro still here.  Going home Monday.  
Hi, I'm fly out to Alcudia on Tuesday morning thought i' nip into work to do some paper work and my office looks like a bomb has gone off 
is getting sick  Looking forward to Tuesday, loves her best friend Ayoe and misses her cousin. Life is pretty damn good at this moment!!
is suffering from Pre-Monday blues. Poly sufferers unite!  http://plurk.com/p/p057n
looking forward to Cardif on Tuesday for my first WWE event! Trying to get info on who may be appearing but no luck so far 
Going to Short Hills with daddy to get my new Louis Vuitton! He wont let me use it until my official birthday on Thursday though 
@jameskellar Wooohoo to you, James!! And, we had a #progrock party here on Friday evening too.... 
@colinmower DB change worked Friday night as up, as did the code copy ....unfortunately some MQ issue was stopping end to end testing 
Finally got my audition CD finished.  Sending it out on Monday.  California here I come!!!! P.S. I miss you Sarah 
Back to work tomorrow, supposed to be 80 degrees tomorrow and 79 on Tuesday - then back to rain.  
Boo @ Monday mornings 
Homework finally done... yay. I have my finals to do in the next couple of days then I get some time off until classes start again Monday 
These breakouts better go away by Tuesday. I will NOT be photographed with my boys looking like this. Hellz no 
Sun is shining, wish it was Bank Holiday Monday again  only a 4 day week for me anyway!!! Woo woo!!!
@Silentending I'm over worked... I need beer... Abs found out I'm working the Monday public holiday 
Awakened by the rain and can't get back to sleep.  Going to be a long Monday!  
My Mum leaves on Monday 
I'm totally psyched to go to school on Wednesday. Went shopping today. didn't buy anything 
Can't speak French and had her speaking exam next Tuesday 
Another Monday Morning 
The earliest doctors appointment i could get for my back is Wednesday evening! Hot pads and painkillers for 3 more days then 
@zaphodmcmillan Ack! Monday morning with no coffee sounds bad 
@jennima Me too. Staring flu + Monday + unbelievably sore shoulders/neck = NOT good. 
Bloody Monday again.  Booooooo   
woo,1st day of my week off,it's so nice to have a lie in on a Monday morning.Spoiled slightly by my boiler breaking,so cold shower for me 
Exhausted must go to work   At least it's &quot;Friday&quot;.
Dang it, Waking up early on a Monday morning 
Its raining here in the Detroit Area and its Monday   http://tinyurl.com/265ogs
Woke up this morning when I reached over to turn my alarm off and knocked over my water glass, what a way to start Monday 
Rainy, icky Monday morning.  So wasn't ready to get out of bed this morning.
Start of a long workday, prob not much tweeting. Streaming Bill Bennett while digging out from under Monday's piles and piles. 
Back after almost a whole day of not-twitting. Felt disconnected, which is kinda scary. Also missed Monday lunch for the first time ever 
@emmao414 I know! And now Oprah bloody Winfrey too.  (#herebeforeoprah btw) How is your Monday progressing? In my mind it's still the w/e 
@bigal962 No probs can you publish a gig list? Thursday  Cardboard car - brilliant well done
Wooo it's Monday... why does the weekend always go so fast? 
@R4isStatic yes, but am in hampshire all weekend &amp; have to be in Camden by 10pm on Thursday for friend's gig... 
At work Monday morning  Raining,cold, YUK
I think that Monday + Rain + energetic twins= quite a yucky day! 
Rainy Monday...Feeling yucky 
It's Monday and i am going to lose my &quot;partner in crime&quot; at work today..she is being sent to the dark side  ~Tam~
@aliyah613 I'm with you re: yucky Monday. Perfect morning to be in bed with a cup of tea. Instead I'm stuck in traffic, late for work 
Rainy Monday morning brings word of #oracle buying #sun http://is.gd/trag - perfect for mood of dark, wet day 
In the office on a cloudy Monday morning  When will the sun be out! I can't wait for Summer!!!!!
Anca is now home. Getting ready to go to work. It is going to be a very different Monday. 
Monday Morning 
Workin on a Monday  Blah
DW hit a Bluebird: school bus   Friday morning, he was on his way to work and was following a school bus...h.. http://tinyurl.com/dzpbag
So far it's a typical Monday   Power failure over the weekend took out a hub we used for printers.  Quasi-failure in an application server
The Monday back from Spring Break is always brutal 
@strange_idol No  Busy on Thursday. Laaame.
Feeling less grumpy today. Hayfever still fairly prevalent. At least it is 'cake Tuesday' at work... Tescos after work tonight 
@CHRISDJMOYLES I live in SIngapore so listen to show day late  It's Monday for me now! But video ruining Gordon Smart would be brilliant!
Tired, cranky, hot &amp; cold &amp; voice is weird. PLEASE NO SICKNESS  Hopefully just tired. Sleep in Thursday will fix *nods*
Can't wait for next week Thursday! this work stuff just aint for me 
Looking forward to getting up at 04:15 on Wednesday to get a flight to Nice.. 
@Byrnie The half-day Friday is not good  Look on the brightside...in-ordinately long weekend 
Susan is heading to Greenville for her mother&quot;s eye surgery. With my travel and her travel I won't see her again until Thursday night. 
Damn another sunny April day outside while I am stuck in the gloom inside  Roll on Friday!
is there anyone wanna give me a fender jaguar bass to play at Thursday's Gig?mine has a serious problem with the one pickup  so sad
flunked her Physics paper and will be re-sitting the test on Friday! 
It has been raining all day here in NorCal...and it's going to rain until Tuesday.  I want 80 degree weather NOW!
They cancelled the First Monday flea market here where I live due to &quot;swine flu!&quot;    I was gonna go!!! INSANITY INSANITY INSANITY!!!!
Thinks I'm done with the whole Follow Friday thing. I hope I didn't leave anyone out. If I did, sorry  There's other Fridays in the year!
@inc_mpletexx Haha epic fail on my part. If only my Mac hadn't exploded on Thursday. 
Doing a ridiculous amount of annoying FB apps because it is Friday night and I have nothing better to do!  
Just realized I totally blanked and forgot the First Friday Artwalk at @theabbeysc.  #fail
Stuck home on a Friday night. 
@heids124 well, it will be glorious, but we are driving to SD and don't get to sleep in it til Monday... 
I feel like a pile  fever and headache. Hope all you Twitters are having a great Friday night?
Failed cupcakes and a boring Friday night make me a very sad panda 
Remembers a time (last Monday) when he could straighten his arms. Weightlifting sux. 4 days later, still in pain 
Revising for my Reflexology exam that im doing on Tuesday  x x
@jacksonj04 ive had that. Am taking mine to Birmingham Apple store Monday to see if I can get a new one because the wifi chip is broke 
@jackstaples87 I'm good! Dissertation hand in next week and NYC on Friday so yay! What you been up to? Haven't spoken in an age 
@mhuynh12 so many!! Goin to Canton now for 2 days. Then back to HK. Shanghai on Tuesday and new providences each day after 
Today (and tomorrow, and probably Monday) I shal be mostly upgrading UNIX servers.  So much for a restful weekend. 
Saturday : Hollys House!      Sunday: Recovering! ;)  Monday: Revising!     Tuesday: EXAM!   Afternoon off tho! ;) =]
Maxwell fell and broke today...  This is a sad day. I need to get another one tomorrow or Monday. *sighs* I am depressed.
Gyaaaah. Car has an electrical fault. No driving til Monday then  Off to the cinema to see...something.
Man U win, yay!  Going to the gym, need to do more work though! :'( Exam Tuesday 
We leave for Seattle this afternoon.  Back to work on Monday. John goes back to Dublin tomorrow. ;-( Three weeks went too fast.
Opie ate ibuprofen last night and has to stay at the emergency vet til Monday for detox  They think he is going to be ok but I miss him!
Hiiieee Twitland.. Quick updates and then i am out again! ...So, after a wonderfully perfect evening @ Taj Thursday night my phone broke 
I think Pandora's really sick.  Setting up an appointment for her to see the veterinarian on Monday.
@davidkyle I Think 'Intel Retail' People Saw it Thursday. I haven't seen it yet!! 
revision sucks! Exam on Tuesday  #revision
Just found out Trek tix for Friday aren't available til Wed.  Tix available today are for Thurs, but my sitter is for Friday. 
Classes start Monday, I have not registered and the Uni website is down 
Classes start Monday, I have not registered and the Uni website is down  http://bit.ly/3ZpYZ
@michiepants  I think i may be SOL for Thursday   I'll try to let you know asap, but don't count on it.   What are you doing Sunday?
Friday night was amazing...Drunkenness with my friends...and a party I would be killed for if my parentals knew I threw...tonight was meh 
Recovring from a Hernia Operation i had Friday!....and in a lot of pain!!! 
@alkalin3   Acen's first day is on Friday so I'll be there, and I'm sure opening night is sold out by now too.
@sebskuse Bah  I have to wait til Tuesday, when the download servers will probably be killed  Not on MSDNAA, unfortunately.
@kyleandjackieo can't believe I finally got thru 4 the Twilight comp on Friday, gave my first name then it cut out 
Recovered slightly from Friday.  Wish I got up in time for the car boot sale!  Always next week 
@cfunk awww, yeah i wanted Robertson to win...   and- haha yeah, i totally missed you  But I saw you, I think it was on Thursday! (Y) 
is watching the weather forecast &amp; freaking out! Rain Monday &amp; Tuesday? How am I going to get caught up??? Aaarghhh 
AP = amazing!!!  So sad I can't go Friday    //  go to see some falls in Niagara
Too busy today to pay attention to the dreary, depressing clouds &amp; rain  Forecast calls for sun on Tuesday! YAY!
Goodnight all, hold thumbs and let's hope I wake up happy forgetting about the fact it's Monday when I do 
Woke up in a panic because I thought it was Monday and I had missed my Sunday show... oh my god what a nightmare 
@cedarwaxwing The 2 Gray Catbirds left my yard Friday night. They have been here since Sept. I really miss them. 
Cleaning, gym, Christmas Tree Shop, Bruins...but no more sniggles 'till Wednesday. 
@nattlesbaby It's Friday night  Guessing you can't make it?!
Is it already Monday tomorrow? Where did the weekend go??? I vote for mondays off. If only my boss would be with me on that one. Doubt it 
@laurenwhitney ACK! Thursday lunch might work??, but I have a test that morning 
@jayweinbergdrum was looking forward to seeing you Friday night at Penn State.  Not playing with E. St. Band on Friday 
Even though LOST is on, I am dreading Wednesday  (@Shmoe)
Tomorrow is Monday 
Man, I hate Monday. Back to work as usual. Rats! Less time to tweet! 
@miraclelaurie you were awesome on Friday Miracle! I felt so bad when he left you laying there in your pod  can&quot;t wait for next week!
goodnight Fellow Tweeters...  get ready for, yet another, Monday  
goodnight Fellow Tweeters...  get ready for, yet another, Monday  
goodnight Fellow Tweeters...  get ready for, yet another, Monday  
goodnight Fellow Tweeters...  get ready for, yet another, Monday  
goodnight Fellow Tweeters...  get ready for, yet another, Monday  
Its almost Monday... MAN! 
Monday morning  MI going back to their inconsistent ways seems to have affect on me.!!!
Getting ready to watch Thursday's episode of Grey's Anatomy.  I don't want her to die! 
@Paychi Same here, lol! Monday's are tough, especially after a loooong weekend 
Goodnight world. Tomorrow is Monday 
@purplepleather Another short trip!!! Coming tomorro...leaving Tuesday!! 
I work in 7 hours and I'm not sleeping yet. FML haha Tuesday needs to be here. 
Bank Holiday Monday in the UK! http://ping.fm/Dj9Sc 
Throat still hurts pretty stuffy nose going to MD Tuesday may have a small bug 
What to do with a bank holiday Monday? Olly's hen do at mine so getting kicked out about 6 
Starting work on a bank holiday Monday. Bah 
Rainy Monday mornig &amp; back to work... 
Bank Holiday Monday &amp; I find myself doing housework!!!!!! 
I know I know it's Monday!  But it feels like a SUNDAY! YEY!!!!!! Plus I was in bed most of yesterday with a cold so I missed out! 
Back to school. Monday smd 
Sooo much soccer. Gaaah. Soccer: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Tourny Friday, Sunday. And Tourny Last Weekend! I'm so sore. 
Bank holiday weekend, been sunny 4 days in a row. Holiday Monday? Rain of course. 
Brianna has been awake since 4:30! What a great way to start a Monday 
Blah.... Monday 
Monday morning.  reminder to self: try to be nice to everyone this morning, we ALL would rather be sleeping in!
LesArmitage Trouble with being really 'BUSY' is you start to plan the coming week early: noon bank holiday Monday for instance 
Monday already?  ... Heading in early to miss the traffic. #fb
Monday!@%!! Baby is up..i hear him wiggling, the coffee is a brewin...its an errand day...i want to paint 
It's Monday again  I have a BNI meeting at 8am.
Ugh, Monday. Time for school 
Headin to Buffalo til Thursday... Gonna miss the family terribly 
OMG its Monday already!!!grrrrr 
Monday;   Protein shake, shower, get ready and another day to happily take care of people. I have to balance my granola bars &amp; book ideas
OFI Monday 
Monday morning at the office sux!  Extra suckie because going to have to cancel my vacation to Mexico today 
Can't believe I have to wait til Thursday to see my Cavs play 
Monday Blues 
Monday sucks.  Sore throat and still going to school. 
had a fantastic weekend ? Monday hasn't started off so good though  ... looking forward to Mixfest for Aaron's birthday tomorrow
Last Dollhouse on tv this Friday? 
@Gennifer3 @Atmos_Sphere @StacyDerosby Monday? I don't know yet but nothing earth shattering: we're coming back home 
@Jesidiab I enjoyed spending the day with you! Back to denny on Monday 
Thanks for the Follow Friday love on #followfriday I'm a little late  @Adeline604 and @BabyPatches  *nosetap*
Bummed I won't get to talk to my girlfriend until maybe Tuesday. 
Season 1 of OZ came today!!!! Too bad I won't be able to watch it until Tuesday at the earliest 
Van needs to go back Monday ..not fixed right  luv my new phone. 2 dark 2 clean puke.. Looks lk I know what I'll b doin mothers day LOL
@Orekidz2 Home getting ready for monday will asaia be here in time? And just found out I leave @ do the movie 6am Wednesday  no time 2pack
Ahhh, I missed Follow Friday 
oh my. i have to read Deadly Unna? by Wednesday for school  It's so boring!!
Tomarrows Mothers Day gonna be out all day...... Then headed to the airport on Monday 
inflation is here --- Peel it and weep: It'll cost an extra 2 cents to mail a letter starting Monday  (via @techstartups) (bs put em out)
Paying for not voting. Delhi was off Thursday, me in Bangalore. Sunday made working in lieu of Thursday, me in Delhi. No vote, No off. 
totally bummed after the Canucks loss tonigh  I hope they can come back Monday!!!
Sleep overs done  but were planing a party for Friday!! AP test is done Monday!
@anawill Dramzzz blahhh. Ruby Tuesday's, wasn't very nom  Cheddar's was packed or we would've gone there. got to lubbs on my niece tho!
@Tuna I lodged last week happy about that but sad about the fact as to how much I will have to pay on Friday  downside of success = ATO
@richard4481 I will contact them Monday and see what they say... What a pain  Technology doesn't seem to last 5 minutes these days.
Why isn't Friday's Hollyoaks available for download on 4OD? 
@ElizaPatricia Tuesdays works quite well.  Better time slot than Friday, since the people who watch via DVR don't count for ratings. 
Pains gotten worse fron Friday night  I dont think I can move very much anymore. Help!
@AreonLee Aha yes but I'm doing sociology for one of my exams on Tuesday atm 
@SLessard PS- I ran into Boyd in the hotel before Friday's show but couldn't get a picture because he was running late 
@jasontancy Not today! Waking up early tomorrow to accompany mum for breakfast. I'll stay up tomorrow to study for Tuesday's paper 
...and the in-Laws are staying till Monday!!! Wahhhh!! 
Thankfully mother has come home and turned off the Disney channel. But poor doggie has cut his leg  Trip to the vet on Tuesday methinks.
I'm back home, for a few days at least. NC on Friday, can't wait! Miss my friends already 
Dead tired. Walking zombie on Monday morning. No, it's not Monday blues. It's a what??? Monday... 
Wish I could go to bed, or just chill, but I gotta do schoolwork.  Looking forward to Wednesday. Off work and school!
@Ms__Random yes it is. Monday is already here. 
What a bad headache! Collapsing! Tomorrow is Monday! 
Ready for bed.  It's going to be Monday when I wake up hey?  
Back to work  !!! Monday sucks!!!!
50 minutes till Monday.  Tomorow morning's gonna suck.
is sad that it's Monday morning already and @Jason_Flint has to go home. 
Practically missed the whole season of DWTS  Move it to Tuesday! Oo! Or Wednesday!
@eternalelegy Masen  I have no blank CDs but if you could provide me with one tomorrow I can get you the CD Wednesday 
Ow Monday's make my brain hurt 
What a Monday it was.I took 2 steps forward until someone pushed me 3 steps back  Tomorrow has to be a better day, RIGHT??????
My Twitter password down since Friday 
I still hurt. And I'm knackered. Can't believe it's only Tuesday. 
@guy being witty in a foreign language is extremely difficult. I think that i insulted someone tremendously on Friday in Hebrew. 
Less than 10 tix left for Lucero on Friday...the only place you can buy tix RIGHT NOW is Ticketmaster--faxed orders don't look to make it 
He's right. But I'm here. Editing.  @adamtrimble Wednesday night. Where should you be? Hangin with me at soulphonics at star bar!
@lawrencebrown Afraid not the leash from my roaster is not long enough.  Have a new member of staff starting Monday so need to look af ...
Madlib at Fabric pushed back to next Tuesday - still can't make it though   http://bit.ly/9idWf
Tuesday: A heavy-duty gym session. Thursday: Lower thighs still stiff. Result: Knees buckle when I walk, climb stairs or kickstart bike. 
is bummed that it's Thursday and there is no Law &amp; Order SVU on 
@philippaw took you a while to reply. I am sad that I am missing out on Karaoke Thursday. 
took you a while to reply. I am sad that I am missing out on Karaoke Thursday. 
S.P.I.T was cancelled last Tuesday  but I'm looking forward to finally watching tonight at mag:net BHS!
Thursday, I am gads that God gave me another day I just wish that I felt like doing something with it besides sleeping, I soooo tired! 
Thursday, I am glad that God gave me another day I just wish that I felt like doing something with it besides sleeping, I soooo tired! 
@biscottigirl us too...starting today just rain. Up way too early to mark papers, exams (grades due Monday) 
Toni is denying that it is pub lunch Thursday! 
In America, it's just Thursday morning. In Philippines, it's already Thursday night. 
Angered at the weather report for the weekend. Rain starting at 6pm Friday night. How convenient. 
Woke up this morning thinking it was Friday!  But it wasn't.  
@mcmaster I haven't seen it yet! And won't until Friday probably.   Gonna be hard to avoid spoiler hell.
I usually look forward to Fridays, the gateway to weekends...but not this week though...I got to work this Friday night   Stupid work!!!
My leg is asleep  Chloe's graduation tomorrow, Rachel's on Thursday then SIX FLAGS on Monday 
@danaknisely  nope, I'm still sick. Started Wednesday when we got back to Oklahoma 
Back inside and I still can't concentrate. I wish it was Monday afternoon right now. I need to breathe 
@tamarapagan pobre Rocinante  memorial service this Wednesday
I won 2 tickets to see No Doubt on the Ellen show on Monday. But I can't make it 
Dallas tomorrow!! Work Monday   Spanish all of the above...
Just realized No Doubt will be in Fresno on Tuesday and I won't. Suck. 
Think I'm getting sick again   Sydney on Wednesday 
@jessstroup Lookin' good as always in that pic w/ @bitsnow...I'll miss Silver for a while after Tuesday's season finale. 
@barbs1 to Southwell? Too busy  can you comment on my cybersafety blogpost b4 Tuesday arvo plz?
Yes Sydnei, I do hate you for that.. :p And I just got shanked with a knife by stranger.. New story for Monday 
Exams on Wednesday  I really have  2 study!! French first... XxX
Busy day ahead of me. Also just remembered that I left peah slices in the fridge at work on Friday. 
Internal Exams starting from Tuesday!!  Study time  
Weekends go too quick. Groundhog Monday 
back still not in a good way. Going to have to put off Monday's repair - fetching and returning it would be 3+hrs driving already. 
@MalcolmBarclay Wow, nice. Mobile allowance might be up and running again by Thursday :O Shame it'll be invisible on the App Store again 
was sad that @robhuebel didn't reprise his role as Jebbajayjay Dugger on Friday's BWE. 
Awake but not happy about it. . . I hate Sunday, means Monday is 2morrow.   *~Jessica~*
busy day of tidying up before starting revision for evil International Relations on Thursday 
needs a nice cup of green tea to get me through this dissertation... Friday will be messy cant believe Uni is nearly done! 
My Baby's leavin on Tuesday for 6 weeks 
Grandma is going to be in the hospital at least through Tuesday. 
didn't realize the episode of The Office that aired on Thursday was the season finale!  What am I gonna do!
has a sudden desire to get in the car and drive to Florida for the day. And tomorrow, too! Back to work at 6am Tuesday, though. 
Zoo field trip this Friday!! Come see us and say hello! I will miss the elephants. 
@durtymo Lol what u doin today? Tomorrow is Monday 
panicking over my Sign Language on Wednesday...... 
Reading and going over my singing homework, tomorrow i have to study French and Graph comm - Exam on Friday...   so i'd be seeing you! xxx
Bah, got sent off again on Friday Afternoon, on a platform... Iook one way, I can see blackpool, the other way, the isle of man...  
Monday morning in Munich... Rain  but looking forward to today meeting! I really am!!
Tomorrow = day off! Plans? Sleep in, beach, WoW, housework, and then to bed early because I open at 5:30am on Tuesday 
Monday Morning 
thinks that it is a sadsad Monday. with the weather like this, it feels like Ghost Town. 
Yay, it's Monday. Woke up, cold shower... what a morning 
Where did the weekend go? Sitting back at my desk and it feels like I have never been away from it. I really don't do Monday mornings! 
Working at Sunset Strip Thursday and Friday, going to school for the rest 
Umph Monday mornings..... 
Morning! Monday again... where does the weekend always disappear in such a hurry to?  Wish I'd had an early night now - feel wicked rough.
Monday morning at the office... ( heb geen zin in....Maar goed....)  
I was supposed to go to Crash Test Drama tonight, but I'll need an early night. I think I have Monday 'flu    http://bit.ly/rMTOX
Lazy Monday 
I was hoping to rest this Monday, one of my days off. Manager called, and I have to work tomorrow starting at 6am 
Chinese Ambassador has changed our meeting to Friday and I'm on holiday. What to do?! 
Monday already .. - its already monday  i need more holiday and cant wait go to Bali with manda ;p so im at... http://tumblr.com/xpa1t4rjh
Monday morning and back to work  Not to worry, bank holiday next Monday and off to Disneyland Paris with the family 
Another Monday! Poor baby has his operation tomorrow so not looking forward to that 
getting back to office on a Monday after a totally unscheduled off is so .... err.... Sad 
@maps4pets Monday morning and it looks as though the Ebury site is down!  I'll let you know when it's back up.
@HAMMER32 @androidtomato Guys, it's Monday morning, don't get my week off to a bad start 
is  in Sydney on Wednesday for training... not really looking forward to work tommorow 
@zainshah sorry i missed thai.  Made up for it with extra activities for the stomach ;) May not be able to make Wednesday either 
@graphic_foodie not this time  I think it would have blown away on Friday! Will be back in the summer and I won't miss out again I promise
ok - wide awake @ 5AM on a Monday morning  - this sucks
although grateful for a his new Mac, would rather spend Monday  doing anything other than ironing out kinks and fiddling with settings 
Hello Monday, good weekend looking forward to moving office at end of the month, not started packing yet 
Just the thing for a Monday morning. Monster Epic #Fail 
@Lanie_land It's always a toughie. I had to turn down donuts on Friday and felt like the office leper. Diets are rubbish 
Its official, Murphy's law is in effect in my life since Friday - hope it wears off soon 
Can't believe it's Monday already 
Sad Monday 
Woke up early done more revision for Tuesday! Leaving at 3 for my exam  wish it was Friday afternoon already! Gna be a hard week!! 
Wasted most of yesterday mending the garden table, and now it's Monday.... 
Can't sleep  i hate Monday mornings!
...I hate it when i dream about work. It feels like I just finished a shift when really I have not even got Monday started. Boo. 
Good Morning! its Monday   WOMP WOMP...but im eXcited for @tmello14 bday Dinner 2night! and FOOTBALL camp Tuesday! YAY!
My daughter is very grumpy with me this morning. I sent her away because I am re-writing my novel. What a way to start Holiday Monday. 
Eurovision is no longer fun without the political controversy it used to have  Uni is over this Friday... :O
Sara graduates on Thursday, I am sooo not ready for this!   I don't want her to grow up.
Hey tweets! Hope everyone is doing great! I start my new job Friday, but now I need your prayers for healing. I have a very sore throat. 
Ugh, Monday.  Miss you @dorkyromeo 
@LucasCruikshank why Thursday? Fans gotta wait like 3 days  
Ugh Monday... I could not sleep last night.... Gonna be a long day! 
No one knows the Monday morning I'm having.  And my 85 yr old boyfriend/fav patient was discharged... Boo!  
Final Monday at the school year  Final Monday in Haven 
@happysahmom I'm leaving for Portland Friday @ 6AM....won't see you this time around. 
my laptop video card crashed yesterday - Dell tech coming on Wednesday. 
I think we will pass in the airport @BeccaElkins , since I leave Wednesay afternoon! 
3 days with no allergy pills down two to go, test on Wednesday. By then I will be scratching myself bloody and coughing my lungs out 
It is still Monday!  Going slow already.......
very upset had tickets to THE VIEW for Wednesday and can't go..  
Please someone tell me it's NOT Monday.  Goodmorning my ass.
Preparing for my field trip tomorrow. Back Friday eve, meaning I'll be away for my bday AND miss any broadcasts from LeakyCon until then. 
@jaodesheyqe Didn't Kayla tell you?  I'm out of texts until Friday.  
@LovelyBrooke we'll be in Dallas until Wednesday 
Monday morn. Back to the grind 
@tivalover no.  I came home from work and I was miserable. We're going on Tuesday at 4, so we'll be home before NCIS!
Monday is so not my friend. Really craving a Mt Dew right now! 
Starting my 2-day work week, and trying real hard not to think about Wednesday's surgery. Outpatient, but still general anaesthesia. 
Monday morning, waiting for the results of my blood tests for the white cell count, I hate chemo - couldn't watch the Farrah documentary 
is awake.  Where did my weekend go?  Why is it Monday already!?  Arg! 
Monday! Back to reality 
Another case of the Monday blues. Exhausted from thinking too much last night.  Why oh why do we have to work right after weekends??
Greetings to my arch nemesis.....Hello Monday 
Enjoying a lazy long weekend Monday.  Back to work tomorrow 
@Huntersmisfit  ...guess where Raw (my front row ringside seat) is supposed to broadcast from next Monday. 
Monday...     Looking forward to a short week and a wonderful trip with Dave this weekend!
Add in hurting knees equal bad Monday 
I am working  Thank God I have Friday and Monday off. This week should be pretty bearable.
Monday.... Lucky me.  
Kingsford Smith Dr is a crawl - so much for early Friday  #bnetraffic
I have the Tanach test, on Wednesday I have the Art Bagrut and then a week later I have the history Matkonet on monday 
reading Destructive Emotions by HHDL and Daniel Goleman at work. Way too busy for a Friday 
@d23 I leave Saturday morning for SF and return Monday and head straight back to work.  I think I have the following monday off!
Well I ordered style warriors on Tuesday.... Won't be in until friggin next Thursday  sad story!
Sitting waiting to sit my recertification on PRINCE2, what a fun way to spend a Friday. 
@its_sb Weather says Monday will be rainy 
I have to make a whole COAT by Tuesday. 
Am still at work at 6.30pm on a Friday night. 
Hope by Tuesday or Wednesday, I get an extension to live for 1 more year in Finland  I am trying my best. I want to live here and study
Just found out Monday is a holiday. Bugger. One *more* day before money transfers between accounts  Why does it takes three working days?!
Awaiting last season of the Wire to arrive.  Its Friday but prob working the weekend 
back to work  went to see Chicago Tuesday...brilliant. Aoife Mullholland was playing the lead role and she did a great job!
@andy_lamb It is a bloody gorgeous day, mind, &amp; I've now got a 4-day weekend! Dreading the MOT on Tuesday - gonna cost a bomb 
@quinnifer_ you booed him! Quinn, you are terrible! XD I'm still bitter I can't go see them on Monday, there's still tickets 
Etsy is down  so relax, have a coffee and read Dawn's Friday http://www.helisengezer.blogspot.com/
@veryweirdguy I was going to get my hair chopped off, but the hairdresser woman is off on Tuesday! Bugger 
Mystery slide. check. Methodology. check. X-ray report. che- oh wait, damn it!  *shakes fists at X-rays* what a horrible Friday night.
Glad it's Friday but I don't get a longer weekend! 
@abhorredlife my sleep has been fucked!  See you Friday!
Stupid as it may sound, I cried writing his goodbye gift. I'll probably cry next Friday after finals too because he's leaving.  ...School.
Could today be my first and last no-work Friday of the summer?  Email sent to MS... *dun dun duuuun*
@Lombear  #graze Bit annoyed.. have to leave early now.. so may not get to eat it at all - rotten fruit on my desk on Tuesday then 
@brynmorgan 7-4 against according to the BBC weather. Nice until Monday when there are heavy showers. 
morning! Any plans for Memorial Day? I'll be working all weekend, including Monday 
Ugh. I never thought I'd hear myself say this, but......not too happy it's Friday.  Going to the oral surgeon at 1. ((sigh)) Wish me luck.
sick of chest infection, sick of volunteers and sick of tidying. This is NOT what a Friday should be 
Time goes by too fast.. On Monday I get the results for my written examinations. I'm scared 
@KayleighHouston - Kay-leb they have taken away the screening we were going to go to   You free Tuesday afternoon instead?
3rd day battling the flu  .. any ideas to how to get rid of it VERY fast ? It's super important that it's gone Monday.
I do not get a long weekend  Working both today and Monday.
@harman72 sounds like a very 'new media' way to spend a Friday afternoon. Wish I was in 'new media'... 
#jaljeera can't beat #followfriday  More People know Friday than Jaljeera 
@MrPaparazzi yipeeeee NOT ...no holiday here on Monday 
Last Thursday with my friends. Sad now.  but heading to Maine today!
People I unfollowed on Friday  @aplusk @mrsjutcher @alroker @the_real_shaq  Thank you to the twitter celebs I follow who followed me back!
People I unfollowed on Friday  @aplusk @mrskutcher @alroker @the_real_shaq Thank you to the twitter celebs I follow who followed me back!
They ordered the wrong bumper for my car. Won't be ready til Tuesday 
@AliciaWag maybe later... I have lots to do today  Hope yours goes by quickly at least (at least it's Friday!)
Effin' RRoD :@ I requested a repair but I can't find a bloody box and as it's a bank holiday on Monday, I can only send it off on Tuesday 
@Pati3nce Monday the office is closed. 
Friday! Yay! BFF is out 2day  miss him like crazy...ready to get out of town for the wknd...
Can't believe it's Friday already? What have I accomplished this week? 
@mlexiehayden  No peach cobbler since Wednesday...he's in Punta Cana wit his boy!
Party tonight, but I don't really want to go, so much work left here... Exam on Tuesday 
Friday.yay. A week and a half and it's back to lonleyville. Nice. 
Friday! Wheeeeeeeee.  Western Conference Finals tonight, but I can't has booze 
 another day of running!! ......Today is fresh to death Friday (everyday is fresh to death Friday 4 me) Ha Ha lol!!!!
@sunshine_ Its killing me.. Birthday's on Tuesday 
Its a bank holiday this weekend.  God damn it, the only thing that was keeping going was that Monday trip to the bank  I'm lost now
#is home with a sick little one ...  Glad it's Friday though!!!
@JesaTM I'm sad I couldn't be there as well!  You guys should come to the High Praise concert Friday evening.
@MitaliandMe I'm sorry, I was supposed to DM you wasn't I?  I don't fly in until Friday morning so I will be missing it. 
@kristafromsyd your really sick on Monday? oh no  I am going to be sick too. Dr appointment I got to go to. Illness better work!
Just watched &quot;Medium&quot;, next Monday is the series finale.  
just finished up at the driving range and i gotta say...man i sucked. Preparing to get my ass kicked on the course Thursday 
Love Wednesday nights at Midway bitter sweet 2 nite is the 8th graders last night 
I'm in love with Philadelphia.. I don't wanna go home on Thursday.. 
Day two on Twitter - still not sure what the hype is about.... But it's Wednesday &amp; I'm missing the love of my life who is away for work! 
Slow moving Wednesday... don't you just love to hear when one of your projects gets &quot;dumbed-down&quot; because of cost? 
Thursday and no new Southland to pump me up for the weekend!  Can't wait for the dvd! ha!
Wishing I could go visit my best friend Garrick before I start summer school on Monday  Shad &amp; I miss you gorgeous.
It's been a long day! Wanted to go to gym, but am so sore from last 2 days. I'm also tired and need to get up early!    Tomorrow's Friday!
@shahpriya : That's the thing, the only day of the week I cannot stir from office is Friday, when the paper is being produced  Enjoy.
Is sore... And apologizes about not bring there on Wednesday after choir. Long story short, bad grades and parents 
@its_Dale I am so bored watching SNL on a Thursday 
@CocktailChic oh f*ck! I completely forgot about Thirsty Thursday! oh. my. gaga. this sucks 
20 mins from BEJ to Semanggi. Traffic on Friday  *siggghh*
Maybe I'm lacking in Friday feeling cos more of my trousers won't go on  Thunder thighs!
Mooorning! It's Friday, and that's terrific! Smile up!    :-|      :-D
My record player has decided to die. Why on Friday night? Sad E  http://twitpic.com/667a4
is leading dull life this Friday... Babysitting! 
Yukky  Rainy Friday  
@briancash Yum...wish we could be there today. I have a cold and don't want to infect others...so we will miss our Friday session.  
Finally it's Friday! Things are going to be so different starting next week...my house will be empty! 
@theguigirl Awwww...thanks!! ;) Unfortunately, everything closes at 4pm in Sweden on a friday. Presentation is 9am Monday. 
Follow Friday is a bit hard to do when my work kicks in on Fridays 
@Alice286 lucky girl!!! I work all day tomorrow! and maybe even Monday!!  
Aaaaahhhh.... Friday!!!! but.......     Funeral at 5 
Wishing I could be in NOLA this weekend  oh well, I'll be there Tuesday!
can't eat real food. It's pizza Friday.  Off to find some soup...
Dang my own LDBF didnt give me a Follow Friday shot out 
I'm glad I don't have class on Fridays. I need the break! Algebra test on Wednesday 
Beer, garden, IPOD, Friday night, shame I've got to work tomorrow 
Follow Friday @msveracity b/c she needs more followers 
Follow Friday is such a burden for me, because I want to add everyone, and I always forget people. 
Head is throbbing from lack of sleep and still have mucho work. Doesn't feel like a Friday 
@rantingteacher No, rather we're OMG it's nearly Monday 
Glad it's Friday... but bummed that I am officially working Saturdays. 
@crystal_haze aww I^m sorry that Ray Wise has appeared on the show yet   , I watch @AOTS everyday except for Friday its a best of AOTS. 
Allianz interview went well, got a rejection from MOD though  .... going to be a long weekend as I hear from Allianz on Monday
How does this Follow Friday thing work?  I don't have any real followers 
Home, getting ready to back to work on Monday.  Maternity leaves is up 
Heeder's again and on Monday as well... absolutely no plans for the weekend 
At the doctor's office, waiting for Dr. Sufka to see me. Tired of being sick  hope everyone else is having better Friday than me.
Now I have no Sky until Monday 
Another Friday night in. Man being skint is rubbish. 
Going to REtake my Softball photo because Patrick's Studio is a piece of shit. Back here for chores. Some Friday, huh? 
@welsh_lottie Not one of my favourite pastimes  This weekend is a long weekend here so Monday I'm off to an Ice Show w/ the G/daughter ;)
Finishing up my last Friday at Olive Crest 
3OH!3 - Rich man is amazing, really can't be bothered for school on Monday 
@sheila_libere ...Moving all done, no internet until Monday   at an cafe, like the new place, and work is fine. everything else, so so.
@itstayloryall you didnt include Taylor in the &quot;Follow Friday&quot; 
@yelyahwilliams you didn't include @itstayloryall in the &quot;Follow Friday&quot; 
At least it's Friday...working 'til 1:30AM  
Class until 9:30  yes on a Friday night...
I was so hype about it being Friday &amp; it raining outside..No rain all day... But its rainin when its time to kick-it..Mr Sun is trippin. 
I just walked into work, all the while thinking that I was sitting in Bellagio this time Wednesday. 
Jus chillin and doin my hrs. Friday afternoons tend to end up &quot;busy&quot; 
Sleep time for me now, lots of last minute revision tomoro; exam on Monday  night tweet-ers &lt;3
Rain  oh well it's still Friday!!
12seconds - Friday Night Update: @siskita has left the city.  http://tiny12.tv/I3KS8
is being a horrible twitter-er. Moved in to my Houston apartment and awaiting work starting on Monday. Real world=now 
Dang, I need a bed in the bay area Monday / Tuesday night  Anyone able to help out?
he's outta the ofc til Monday ::GRAND:: kinda bummed me out but b/c I was genuinely sick there's nuthin I can do about it  --&gt;
How to ruin Friday? Your dad tells you there's something wrong but you should be at home so he can call you. He usually *never* calls 
I wish I lived closer to the girls.  I'm tryna chill on a Friday night!    (@winonapatron next weekeeend! Drink all day AND night?!)
Kill me now I'm so sick    n it's Friday night!!
excited for Jackie's baby shower tomorrow, going to relax and enjoy the weekend! Monday better not come fast 
Watching &quot;P.S. I love you&quot;. Eating chinese food. What else is there to do when you're home alone on a Friday night! 
it's Friday here in Chicago...and I'm stuck @ home AGH I'M BORED!!! grr! 
Time for my ritualistic Friday night depression 
Oh and thank alllll of you who put me in ur Follow Friday!!  to all of my new followers I usually do it, but today...I'm just too tired! 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 friends 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 followers 
So happy Friday is here!! So sad Chad is working nights 
..it's another Friday so you'll hear me say it again ..i hate that big Hawaiian ..get up John 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 followers 
EXTREMELY BORED...  Sad, that I'm home on Friday night, and no one to hang w/.  Not even the parents.  
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 followers 
I didn't get many followers on Follow Friday. 
Follow Friday rickbaker24 i only have 9 followers 
It's 8pm on a Friday night. And I am in blockbuster waiting for my bf to get off of a phone interview. Sigh. 
@Chicajones yeah too bad I can't be the man in Seattle on Monday 
Feeling a bit lonely, on the road for work on a Friday night while friends are enjoying a lovely evening at an outdoor cafe in Indy.  
About to go pick Steph up from the train station! She's staying with us until Monday morning! I hardly ever get to see her anymore. 
@RealJessicaAlba what is follow Friday?? Coz I seriously have no idea and no one will tell me 
Friday. Paid. Whipless.. 
Follow Friday I would do it but there's just too many.  
is going to bed...gotta love these stupid Friday nights at home  Laundry and getting car lights and locks fixed tomorrow then relax time!!
@asktheboater Twitter usually drags too. I'm so happy it's fast tonight. Or maybe I should be sad that I'm at home on a Friday night.  lol
Twitter- it's a Friday night I feel like I should be doing something. But I'm so pooped! Bad day at work 
@Itsjustme_Nicki  aww and on a Friday night too! It's still early there
@mitchelmusso aww,i was wrong!  but can u give me a shout out for Follow Friday!please!
@peanutga11ery1 I was going to but I have to get club yarns done this weekend so I can't  I'll be out at Miro on Monday though!
I'm feeling much better, went out and got a little crazy Thursday night. But, now I'm worried bout Zoey, my pup's sicky sick. 
and Shine apparently caught a similar tummy bug at the zoo on Wednesday. EB is mostly better. Poor Shine has the diaper rash from hell 
Still moving tonight   walk for autism at 9 AM tomorrow followed by 2 more days of moving. followed by work on Monday. someone kill me
Whyyyy is Otto's so dead on a Friday night 
Alone on Friday night 
Job GET! I start next Tuesday. Pay cut  but I'm tired of being unemployed.
@chrismatthieu @ka3drr thanks for the follow Friday mentions; again. Boy am I tired. Just got home from work. No jail visits last night. 
My Friday night is so bland and Zombie-less without @alexggordon 
Friday night suckd ass...ms. Badal fronted on me and so did dis da bruskie.. 
This is NOT going to be a restful weekend and I know Monday will be here before I know it 
Will have a job interview Wednesday for a more challenging job (in Amsterdam   )
Argh, Saturday morning and working  Project go live Monday morning, never a fun time
the sun is shining - yippeee. Best make the most of it back to work on Monday 
Sat in garden with slice of toast, learning lines for audition on Monday. Last ever Welsh col show tonight  sad times!
@Rochellewiseman ah hayfever is evil  hope rehearsals are going well. Looking forward to your show in Glasgow on Tuesday! x
I am really not looking forward to my Biology and Law exams on Monday and Tuesday , i am afraid of letting down my A in Law 
i want to go to Ancol on Monday please, papaaa 
seriously me being sick has to stop NOW i really really want to feel better before Monday 
@davinafaifer mac is my beautiful cat who's very sick. Found out today that he's got two more tumors and he's having surgery on Thursday 
@nixnaks Sinong crushiecrush?? Haha. I miss you Nikka! Hindi ulit ako pwede sa Monday.  hanggang Friday. 
My &quot;crush&quot; asked me if I wanted to go support him at a skate contest on Tuesday. Too bad my exams starts on Tuesday! FML? FML deffo! 
dsl has been down since last night. Won't be working till Monday 
helloo everyone! I'm at work until 5pm today and tomorrow. I start Chemistry Monday 
@EricaTigrett I guess we don't have AC here, can't find it till Monday 
@DearYvette Torrential rains Monday night cause a sewage backup into my basement. Flooded the entire thing. Extensive damage/losses. 
Today: TOTAL SLEEPFAIL - ended up falling asleep at 8.30am and woke at 3pm. Tonight will be hell. I fear repercussions on Monday morning 
Apparently the weekend now consists of Friday evenings. Household chores done, now back to those damned TPS reports. 
@shinyminidrake I wish I were  Stuck in Atlanta until Monday though!
Just got word, June 12th My Shining Star will be graduating. I don't think I'm ready for this.  I'm going to be a hot mess that Friday.
Kat leaves Monday for three months in Maine 
&lt;sigh&gt; Trying to book a ticket for Patrick Watson at Union Chapel this Thursday, but someone has broken CC payments on TicketB*st*rd. 
Tear, can't get my ginormous pay check until Monday, so no Urban Outfitters this weekend 
@cschultz wish I could make the BBQ but I'm moving all weekend  see you Tuesday!
dropped by Midas for an estimate on what's getting done on the Xterra Monday... looks like by the end of the day I'll be 2Gs poorer  sigh
Goal: get 500 updates before school on Monday  -- back hurts 
http://twitpic.com/69njl Back in the office on Monday 
PS listening to BFTS playback and loving the tweets on my flist! Too many faves to list. ...*sigh* leaving for AUST on Tuesday 
@NadiaElijah I watched the last one on Wednesday, I was really upset I'd rather not know how Michael died 
New Hydraulicclutch system for the car, clutch still not working, Tuesday I've to call the dealer, I'll be bankrupt 
@peetwence The dentists isn't til Thursday! lol. Asylum is brilliant! Only get about 7secs with the boys per photo, though!  No autos yet.
@ChrisOnAir Missed the damn show on Friday 
@petekikiriki Nevin leaves Monday  this week while my little sis is in town?
Can't wait for Monday, but I still wish I were actually there. 
Course on Monday 
Passed my driving test! Can't get the actual license until Monday, though 
@rennnnn wow depends what day u go! I don't havea. Season pass though  go on a Wednesday bc I got off all day lmao
@whtfrknvr I want to say the same but I have quiz in ACC on Monday 
@RetroRewind @dogwalker73 my b-day trip was supposed to start Monday with 2 NKOTB concerts 
@vimoh man, #Mumbai is still bone dry  expecting rains to start from Monday
Kyle sounded better than Thursday until the last verse of MBN  But Act 2 was mostly good.
on our way to say goodbye to my little brother and his wife before they move to MN on Monday 
no new car today.  Hopefully on Monday though!! Work 7:30-12....ugh...another midnight shift...sucks butt!!
I wish I was there for your shindig @J_Sevs... I'll be back in town Tuesday- maybe i'll catch you before you leave me? 
@youmeatsix  ohh you guys are at Pinkpop right now eh?  damn i wish i had the money for that   See you Wednesday tough
@TheConeZone Wife n' I are driving to Burbank tonight to see you on Monday, but just found out tix are sold in advance!! What can we do!? 
New job on Monday, easy money, but up by 9 everyday 
checking e-mail b4 going to church. Checked space A flights.There r none up to Tuesday 
@yostt checking e-mail b4 going to church. Checked space A flights.There r none up to Tuesday 
@jadelann Are you guys still having the BBQ Monday? I think I'm working till 315 
 Grandfather's sick, going to M*town to see him on Thursday.
Trying to get all of my work done so that I can actually enjoy my vacation to CA that I leave for on Tuesday.  Too much to do!!!  
@elizard I think Mary is working Monday night too  CAVS need a miracle 
@thisishwood no my friend sooo sorry but I am in TX be back Monday 
I didn't get to choose my Follow Friday. 
but i'll let u know for sure come Monday, bcus my back has been strained for almost 2 weeks now  @Trell85
I want to read Dallas soo bad but I have to wait till Wednesday. 
Long, long day.  Ready for my day off...which isn't until Monday 
Clemson now must work a miracle to advance to the Super Regional.....win 2 straight games tomorrow and one on Monday. 
Can't move from the couch - out of order till Tuesday with sprainded ankle, torn ligaments  
I really miss you ,Ashley  I can't believe I won't see you until Friday.
I miss my mother!  She said she might go to kl on Tuesday for some kind of MITI meeting so I don't think I can meet her 
@joybug80 looks like ill be cheerin for Kobe Wednesday 
Ok I'm crazy. Bought 25 shares of GM in the after hours market on Friday at 70 cents a share. It's going to zero cents a share on Monday. 
And am annoyed that I have no net till Wednesday  will miss the major pre3 conferences. Keep me up to date tweeps!
Google search produced: Stock market SOARS in late-day rally, , retailers' SALES FIGURES and, next Friday, ... based banks make HEADWAY 
I'm getting sick and already have a not so fun sore throat. Perfect timing for the coffee shop gig I will be playing on Friday. 
Off work til Wednesday. Joy. 
Ill never shake off this flu if I don't bloody rest! But my first bit of &quot;free&quot; time is Wednesday 
@vievev YES! The weather is insane! Dread Monday too! 
@eatsleepattack Because you're house is so much more awesome than mine. And I move out of Brighton on Tuesday 
Mummy's coming home today... but she'll have to be hospitalized again next Wednesday.  
I am so sad! When I woke up, I thought it was Monday! ...Can't I just skip today? 
says Time to start thinking about fixing 2 Windo$e PCs that neighbours dropped off on Friday.  http://plurk.com/p/xejgk
Can't believe it's Sunday night already  Putting off going to bed since it will be Monday morning when I wake up
Nintendo E3 2009 Press Conference - Wednesday @ 2am. This will be the first time I won't be watching it live in 3 years! 
@stryke303 I know. I barely made it to Space tbh. I feel terrible about not going Friday. Glad to hear it went well though. 
Is internetless and has been since Friday... Stupid bell 
Perfect morning outside! And again I miss mass  .  M. is mowing the lawn &amp; the world smells like heaven...how can tomorrow be Monday??
Stunned to see that all my tweets from Twitterific yesterday and Friday didn't come through.  Cor.kz didn't send my wine tweets either 
Ah he'll no..... Thunderstorms forecast from Wednesday onwards 
@Tonya_Polk looked for my daily pic today  was none. Thats ok! Take Sunday off, but Monday it's back to work!! LOL ;)
It's time to have fun with @RE_DANGEr before she leaves to Cali on Monday! 
My... paint palette is in a bathroom in Barnes &amp; Noble. And has been since Friday. I don't suppose it's there anymore. 
President Obama on Monday to announce the bankruptcy filing of General Motors, say two officials close to the talks. 
Getting ready to take Laura back to the airport. Poor thing got food poisoning on Friday night and was sick the whole time. 
has 2 A Level exams in one day on Tuesday  Law and Theology!!!! 
Going to miss my girlfriend of 16 months who moves Thursday  College making us  go our separate ways. I love her.
We are headed up to Fremont today. Tomorrow is the viewing and then Tuesday is my Grandpa's funeral. It'll be a rough couple of days. 
Exam on Wednesday... tired of studying. I just can't focus... 
@WillowPalecek Unlikely, alas... sibling WoW got rescheduled on top of it.  I'll see you Monday evening tho!
@Volree Me too!! We didn't get back until pretty late on Thursday so it was a quick stop in Birmingham. 
My mom doesn't allow me to listen to Radio:Active til Tuesday 
My mum doesn't allow me to listen to Radio:Active til Tuesday, as it's my birthday present 
Cleaning my room   @luie01 (and maybe@slayer_89) are staying on Friday before C15. Hate cleaning 
@Little_Ren I have two Chemistry papers on the Wednesday as well... I'm revising that atm... But U should probably do Hizzo instead. 
@Claire_Cordon   Will be he same here from Tuesday
Man I'm really tired, just went out with friends. The sun is only just now setting. I'm back at school tomorrow, have my RE GSCE Friday. 
Great aul day in Carlow  Exams on Wednesday 
@youralibi: your welcome and nope  I'm start Monday as a Server and I'm taking summer 2. Yo text me!
Anyone from Brooklyn wana join me in going to diggnation this Thursday?don't wana go alone. 
 can first see MTV Movie Awards on Thursday!! how sad!!&lt;3&lt;3 but am looking forward to Thursday!! jubii!!
Heading to see @loverara again...then orientation 8AM tomorrow-3PM Tuesday 
Ugg tomorrow's Monday already, back to work   booohoooooooo
@felicityfuller Can't believe it's Monday already tomorrow 
Back home..beautiful ride..awesome day!  Hope you guys can say the same!  We need it..tomorrow is Monday. 
I'm kissing the Blarney Stone tomorrow! This trip has been amazing, I'll be sad to see it end Thursday 
Am going to bed upset and not seeing the point in going home tomorrow 'cause I won't get to see @Nonentity 'til Thursday now 
@chrissduffy  Next Friday - getting a jump on it - got travel this week - Rode for 2.5 easy yesterday - bent my big ring  ran a mtn 2day
@jordanknight Should have met u tonight in West Palm  but...will see you in Atlanta Thursday!
The freak is back tomorrow  Expecting a stressful Monday!
@etod Not so much right now  Going in for Pre-op tomorrow and surgery on Tuesday...so we'll see. Its horrible, but I just wanna go home
Busy day Monday. Meetings to resolve scheduling issues and deadlines to complete monthly management reports 
I am bummed about &quot;cool and light rain&quot; for Grad Night Thursday.  
making a video, not a vlog though  I have to wait til Tuesday to get my video camera (it's at my dads and I go there on Tuesdays)
bit stressed this morning. pile of uni work to be done by Friday. mostly around prolonged adolescence and Gen Y. would rather blog 
Tomorrow's going to be hell... 5 tests to make up, two projects I'm a weekend beheind on &amp; a lab report due Wednesday. I need a hug 
Facebook is feeling like old dial-up internet...going to bed now to get rested for Monday  ugh!
paying credit card bills   Sunny Monday and I'm going to work, only set foot outside the house to take a cat to the vet this weekend
@cascandar I'll miss them too.  Though I should be back in action Friday night, bringing our glorious dialogue to Twitter once more. 
Boo Monday...you've come too fast again 
Monday Morning! Back to work! 
Still trying to recover from the fall last Friday....I'm feeling it now!!!  I've fallen and I can't get up!!!   Can't even work out!  
It's going to be a proper Monday today        it's going to drag like mother !!! Role on 3 and j haven't even started yet D'oh!!
Monday morning - back to work after a week off. Task 1 - invoicing.  Task 2 - chase late payments 
Work on a Monday morning is even less appealing when the sun is shining. 
@Jchawes Oh no!  You said the dreaded 4-letter Monday word ~ WORK!!!  I don't want the weekend to be over!  
Within an hour and a half Friday afternoon, we'd booked it, packed it and fucked off - to Torquay. Work doesn't feel quite as exciting 
It's officially Monday here in California.  
Off to Dorset for a week near the sea on Friday and hey-ho - it's going to be 10 degrees cooler  #ukweather #fail best take jumpers
Monday Blues ! 
Back to Monday tomorrow!  The weekends really fly by!
Stuck in Coventry  not a good start to a Monday morning.
Morning All - Monday morning back @ work  nice Sun outside hate being indoors wish i was drivin around today..........
Best thing about being unemployed? I haven't bought petrol since Friday 17 April.  Tank's close to empty now, though, so... soon. 
Stuck in Coventry  not a good start to a Monday morning.: Stuck in Coventry  not a good start to a Monday .. http://tinyurl.com/n4z6px
Hooray! hottest day of the year and I've got an exam, bet it rains on Wednesday when they're all finished 
Bones still aching from Friday's gardening  Lovely weather though
should have done Menu Plan Monday - but I'm at work  So will have to cram tonight.
Monday morning. Joy 
feels sad to missed Mobile Monday today  since have to go for meeting outside ... http://plurk.com/p/xlkq3
Great weekend of warmth &amp; sunshine but now it's Monday and supposed to be raining not clear blue skys and 25 c !! 
and so starts the last official Monday of my Junior year. yo tengo sueno 
@familychoice That's a bugger... I posted the CD first class on Friday 
back from Busan and dreading that my surprise vacation is coming to an end.....back to work on Wednesday! 
@TalkNtours They should make all Mondays a holiday, we had one last Monday, gotta wait till end of Aug for the next one 
@shayneTward Init, it's gonna rain on Friday 
@Leona_Ward Make the most of it, it's gonna rain on Friday 
Gym.  Leg day awaits.  Once again I'm glad it's Monday so I get a break from our non-stop week-end schedule.  Last week of school 
Empty Nester and Monday 
Weekend was so nice - but as usual a Monday follows  This will be a hotly debated week - all that behind-the-scenes-going-ons at FCW...
Can't believe I'm going to work today. Thought I had worked my last Monday for a while 2 weeks ago 
This week is going to suck. It's the flip week where I go from working MTW to TFS.  I only get Thursday off this week. 
Stormy Monday morning = slow start.  20 mins late so far... 
Some days I wonder &quot;is this it?&quot;, does anyone else ever feel that way? Monday Blues Tash 
My Monday...NOT starting out too good.   HELPPPPPPPPP
Hurray for Monday!... 
refrigerator is broke.    GE can't come out till Wednesday so I'll have to keep the Baby's milk in a cooler with ice.  So irritating!!!!
@hotmomamy what a nice break on a Monday to sleep til 9. I'm hanging around my son's school while he does his EOG retake. 
Back to the office on a crappy Monday, when I could have technically stayed home 1 more day 
two wings came in a row on a weekend doesn't make Monday mornings very much fun  I am living in the RockStar energy drink.
At work. Incoming freshmen are still on campus...this will probably be a looooong Monday 
Back to Monday and battling a cold 
it's Monday  ....Maine, would you hurry up and get here.
Rainy Monday blues 
ISM Manufacturing and ISM Services this week. Both look  good, however employment situation on Friday may show another 500k job loss. 
Monday morning telemeetings make me hope we're working hard enough to pay off the Chinese  http://tinyurl.com/msgq3d
Monday (argh!) Back to the grind 
Ugh.. its Monday and the begining of Hurricane season. Can today get any better 
is loving the sunshine and warm weather.  Pity that it's gonna be cooler from Wednesday 
It's Monday... Wish I weren't starting the week with a headache 
is praying that she can move to the Thursday Film113 class. I don't want to take it without my friends. 
Gonna say goodbye to my Merc M-Class on Wednesday.  But hopefully, there will be something else lined up.
Hooray for Monday mornings 
@admanic what a great Monday attitude! I,on the other hand, am singing The Bangles. 
@ShaiBrooklyn Friday the 12th! Woot! I'll be 25 
@Rina__ Supposed to be horrible here Wednesday onwards  boo! So maxing up the sun now
Still in Gville @J_Sevs- I'll be in Orlando either tomorrow night or Wednesday 
@marianna527 @CassB527 DIE! I have classes everyday except wed and an Exam on Thursday. 
Monday again    I was late to work. Alarm went off @ 4:45 but I didn't get up until 5:30. I swear where does the weekend go
Another Monday and no email from the National Lottery in my inbox  
Back at work on this dark and dreary Monday morning 
@sublyme Same here... I'm all full up until Monday! 
Sore throat, stomach feels funny.  At the office.  Yucko.   Wife also sick at home, but worse than I am.  Yay Monday.  
@gizmoalex  I'm sorry! It's never fun to start the day out rough - especially when that day's a Monday. Hope things turn up!
Good Monday morning!  It's the first of June and in N. CA we have fog/clouds, winds and it's cold.  Forecasting rain for the week. 
@_ShakeHands This Thursday &amp; Friday? Fuck! I was thinking I could stay in London for a few days &amp; see you &amp; Crys, but its too late now. 
@ciaoamalfi a bank on holiday on a Tuesday..you have lots of bank holidays ..so does France. 
Pissed @ Ulric because he's leaving Friday! 
@sammyw1974 Send the link to the page again, I'll getcha a couple more [votes] if I can..Monday/EOM so busy 
Last time going to class on a Monday for my ENTIRE life... 
@deelah  Strive and survive the Mundane Monday!
@Broken_Vibes Aww thanks, it was quite sad,  got my last film studies lesson on Wednesday as well. 
@Cheap_Wednesday I know !!!  id b ur agent or driver though , then i get moneys intense email louie  we have lost her 4..3..2 ..4eva 2
Special Monday Update/sad news - Phoenix ,the burned pit bull, has passed away-Read here for info &amp; how to help-http://www.bitty.li/056 
will be heading to ATL Wednesday. Wish Celeste coulda came too. 
Super excited that I have my weekends back!!! Too bad it's Monday 
It's a Monday.    ...I need The Doctor to come and make it better!
Sofia is napping, Karson is cooing-this is by far the best Monday we've had. Too bad this is my last week with them as full-time nanny. 
Lookin at the waves frm my office window is NOT helping my Monday AM.  boooo.
@blondepsych ESP on a Monday 
@frak It really has been. You must organise your days orf better. Gonna rain on Wednesday 
@jeanandyj True, but I have class M-W-F...then gotta get some zzzz's...so Richmond's gonna be a no go for Friday...sorry girl 
Upper GI Thursday afternoon to figure out this pain in my pouch 
Feeling Friday night FRESH!  ON a Monday night...not bad (: haahah. Tired as. School tomorrow boohoo. It's only high school DRAMA! 
@MTV fave moment would have to be when I found out I couldn't watch it until Monday 9pm BST... kinda unfair on us in europe mtv.. 
@AdeleComputer Back a week on Friday  lol can't wait to go now!
Slow Monday 
Ohemjay.. Tuesday  grrr.. Hopinf Katia's in a better mood today !
@JasonGregory Do you know if anyone is reviewing the Horrors on Friday? I bet Scott is isn't he 
Ipod Touch won't be here till Wednesday or Thursday 
Was at the Port till Monday morning. Wind rocked the house Sunday night. Monday was the best day but had to leave.  was a gr8 lzy wknd
I'm going to miss my lovely family  I think my Farsi improved more than my French during this trip. But from tomorrow till Friday = Paris.
Enjoying my Monday! Ran into my mom's garage door though and might have to buy her a new one.. 
Wow. The Sims 3 is getting a lot of 90% ratings. Why can't it be Friday now? 
At TGI Fridays, i wish it was really Friday already 
http://twitpic.com/6foix - Down side of driving to SF on a Monday...is coming back 
Odd how a Monday seems soooo far from a Saturday during a normal week and yet so terrifyingly close during the week leading up to the CFA 
I wish we could change it from Monday to Funday...I would look forward to Funday, but no one likes Mondays...poor Monday 
@Arthasthedog I miss you Arthas  see you Thursday!
Turns out the Lil bro has been homeless since Friday  oh no 
Wooh June. Monday 
Dinner with my parents, sadly we have no kate till Friday 
@samanthamontano http://twitpic.com/6friz - I love this...and it screams Tucks...O and I'll be there this Friday w/o you how sad  haha
Why does the Sims 3 have to come out the first week of school? I'm not going to be able to play it until Friday 
so yeah looks like no Shirtless Tuesday 2moro night... cuz i dont have internet at home yet. not till the 4th 
Tuesday morning =run/walk,tan,toasted sandwich n coffee,talk 2 my man and now my ESSAY  how did the perfect morning go down hill so fast!?
@trent_reznor How'd the show go in Chicago on Friday, I missed it 
I'm off the injured list!! Boxing on Wednesday, getting up at 5am is gunna suck but it'll be the last month for a long time 
Working my Friday. Off with Matthew tomorrow but no plans. Yucky doctors appointment on Wednesday. 
Tired I start my SECOND job on Wednesday!! Wish me luck 
It is Monday night. Ready for some HEADLINES and then realize I have to wait until Sept for Jay to be back on my tv. 
I kind of miss &quot;Castle&quot; on Monday nights. 
Ugh, trying to rack my brain for address and who to invite to my PartyLite Party on Friday, June 19th @ 6pm..can't think of anymore 
I always seem to enjoy a Monday bunk better than Sunday ... Damn its tuesday... 
@Feelslikehome Jay's last night was Friday 
@JonathanRKnight  Aww Jon...now I'm gonna go to bed sad!   I'm thankful I get to see you guys in Atlanta this Thursday tho.
Treble Monday Blue!!! 
Missin Monday night Castle 
29 degrees on Thursday.. Hot damn! You can't come with us to starbucks @rayretaliation right? 
I've left my shiny new Penny Arcade shirts at my parent. Will have to take them at Friday 
Wrappin up projects at DAAP. Hoping to get some sleep on Thursday. 
Going to Southampton on Thursday to do a press pass! Shame it doesn't look like it's going to be sunny... 
@beardoctor Removal people are due Friday &amp; there's work to be done. But we're still on the net. - Same here  But our boxes haven't come
Going to New York for a week until Sunday. I am sad to say, I won't be able to #paint till I get back on Monday. 
*sigh* off to work again. It's only Tuesday so 4 more days of toiling at the Mill 
Knee update: back to hosp. Friday for appointm. w/ orthopaedic doc - meniscus not quite right yet  fuck!!
@wyndwitch morning Kristina, it is beautiful! All going to change on Thursday 
Malay oral exam is on Thursday  grr..malay..
I so wish i was riding the new bike back to the island this week to watch the TT. Shame it wont be here until at least Friday  #iomtt
@tankstudio   me too    ... but I've perked up... First Tuesday bookclub! yay!
@TJArnhem Haha I knew you'd love them. So my computer delivery is delayed. Won't have it til Thursday now I think 
@EmmaH87  Coolio, see you on Thursday
Ugh, it's Tuesday?  Only Tuesday?!  Feels like Thursday.... And I feel asleep before Conan yesterday... Boo   I wish I had taped it...
No #dongle this Tuesday  Why even have Tuesday if Stephen's not going to come in our ears. As it were.
was hoping to make it through the week with no coffee... It's only Tuesday  #Fail
Fed up today. The sun should make you happy. I cannot go out in it as I have far too much work to do. Not good. It's only Tuesday. WAAAA! 
@eddieizzard Stockholm is rainy and it's going to be this way on my high school graduation on Friday 
@Alana_Monington i'm a busy lad this Friday 
@jpabian Unfortunately I'm in NYC until Friday so doesn't really help  Thanks though!
@marykuti    I I am in Nashville Thursday and Friday.... I just found out you guys were coming over and hate that I will miss it. Dang!
wants to get Sims 3 badly..  also worried about his F&amp;N practical examination on Thursday.. menu not prepared!
@cinlyn09 Got Beinn in on Thursday morning at 9am... dad's taking him up. I am struggling with Kyle she can not get anyone to meet us 
Man, i'm gonna miss Ashley so bad. She thinks she won't be back next year. Tomorrow's our last day, Thursday &amp; Friday r finals. It hurts. 
@emilyk86 sadly I have practice tomorrow  Going to see Terminator on Thursday though 
@jburno Ah man I wish could but we leave back for NC on Wednesday. 
still has no voice  fingers crossed it will be back for Thursday, June 4th for the patio performance at Shoeless Joe's from 7-10
And now my happy mood is gone because Tony has to stay in California for an extra day. He won't be back until late Thursday! Boo 
@GeechBeats So far so good. Can't wait to get outta here and can't wait 4 the finals on Thursday. Wish it was today  How r u?
having to rewrite chunks of my Extreme Blue proposal for this Friday. the reasons why are too long and depressing to fit into a tweet 
Wishing I was at Fat Tuesday 
Worked to death!!!! Its Tuesday and I've already worked 27 hours,..... Not looking forward to 12 more tomorrow,... 
Friday is going to be horrible day for my family and myself It just hit me hard that it's actually in a few days Time together is limited 
I've been waiting since february for the Sims 3 and now I have to wait till Friday to buy it 
@brandoncloud we won...championship game is Thurday but I won't be there 
@Ciindy_ night night ! Talk to you Thursday  xxxxx MWAH
@mytuba This very weekend - Friday thru Sunday. Leaving Monday. Absurdly short notice - I suck at being prepared to get canned. 
@lizznotliz Crap, they're there on Thursday and I get IN on Thursday.  Hope it's a late afternoon panel. 
@leidmei So no Thursday?  Next month then.
Drinking on a Tuesday... Four shots of goose later, and it seems like I'll have a bad day a work tomorrow 
no it cannot rain on Friday!!! going to the Dodger game 
@Viss I totally forgot that I have rehearsal on Tuesday nights - no @drinkup for me 
I'm studying for a biology test that seems impossible. Please god, let this test be postponed until Thursday.  http://bit.ly/Ixk5P
What a difference a day makes after the day of chaos yesterday! And I can't believe &quot;Ashes to Ashes&quot; finale is Monday! 
Grey Wednesday in Manchester  - no suncream required today
It's so unfair the USA have The Sims 3 right now and I have to wait until Friday!  x
Can't believe my A levels start Friday ....  
It's 4am and I woke up sining @BLNT songs in my head that we'll be playing tonite. Pre-production starts Friday. Nerves and pressure... 
Internet won't be totally fixed until Thursday afternoon at the earliest 
Really should go to the gym.... I haven't been since Monday(!).... Ought to do some revision too 
Pissed off, got the times wrong picking up the meat on Monday so I can expect to receive an C-Charge fine any day now  bollocks!
Help!!!  It is only Wednesday.  
Wednesday already, ahh! Lots to do at work today. No new things for my Etsy shop the last few days, haven't had time. 
Missed the Wednesday Colloquium on Random Networks 
@JoselinMane Totally bummed, can't make it on Thursday, have a dinner with family friends   Have fun!
@pandapoo @wilkesy5 I am in web training today and tomorrow (all day  ) so I might not be much use to you right now. Back on Friday!
How are you? I'm totally rushed off my feet at work, and may be going to Saudi on Friday with work 
updated the Dylan blog for Wednesday. Radiation delayed until next week. 
Perth tomorrow night, Armin on Friday   But I'm still in the office 
Hope @monsieurlebun is feeling better soon! Wednesday isn't the same without him 
@ShirleyMcLaugh Winter come Friday night. 
Rain on forecast for Friday  fuck is up with that?
is studying. Stopped reading City of Ashes for bit until Thursday 
is really sad that the closest Jesse McCartney is coming all summer is Atlanta on Thursday and I can't freakin go!!!!! 
Wow! The clouds are moving at an estimated 40mph right now. moving northeast.  but! Expected showers on Friday! Yay!
@_jm Would have loved to but going to Taico Club 27hrs party and heading 2 Canada on Tuesday 
@tovias hey man, the package is in the mail. I sent it as First class but Post Office says it might not get to you until Tuesday. 
too much hw!! I've got a Oral Presentation for my psych class tmrw @ 930! n 750 research essay do Friday @ 8am!  xx*
I keep hearing that the economy will take a turn third quarter--21 people were laid off @ national office of NMSS, Tuesday. HURRY! 
@tempeste  Its Thursday in my world and still no BOE on I-tunes 
So I heard school was out next Tuesday but I guess it's next Friday!!!  ugh!!!! We are watching Deep Impact in astronomy which just
I'm going on a detox...starting Monday. I've been eating garabe - pure trash for about a month straight 
Tomorrow is my last Friday...there wasnt pizza for lunch today 
@beastieboys So mad about tix for Thursday in Baltimore. SLOW server, finally works &amp; its sold out. Lifelong fans pissed w/ no recourse. 
hey can ne1 tell me after how much tym is &quot;8p Pacific Friday&quot;???? i jus rd dat twitter will b down for maintenence at dat tym.... 
Night Tweets! Tomorrow is Friday! WHOOOO...Wah wah wah I will be in Bremerton in the am... 
Tomorrow is my last day to sleep in on a weekday..  Cause starting Monday morning I have to be up at 7a.m. everyday..
Ended up dropping maccy off at Next Byte coz everything me &amp; @ahewitt tried didn't work  will be computerless til at least Tuesday.
Twitter will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday 
It's raining  This makes my long drive to Irvine a bummer....but it is Friday!! TGIF!!
Why did I keep drinking after I left the alley?! This is not how I planned to spend my Friday. Can't get up.   http://tinyurl.com/pf98zh
It's Friday!!! Too bad it's rainy 
@tsoalexg too bad you can't walk up and meet me  Can't take an extended lunch this lovely Friday???
I'm done! this year is officially over! summer vacay...well until Monday for TAKS academy  (I still can't believe I'm doing summer school)
@brhis no blue shirt on &quot;blue shirt Friday&quot; is like finding out Santa Claus isn't real!!!!! I'm SO disappointed!   #brettislame
We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday.  como vou sobreviver sem twitter? kk
The attorney is going out of town for the weekend.  No regular Friday tonight.    At least I have the new Sims3 game to keep me occupied.
Bummed out on a Friday 
TGIF everyone! This call center has been kicking my butt all week! Glad it Friday.....but still have to work this weekend 
Yearbook signing...that was depressing.  Friday! (: wooo. Tonights gonna be fun
At Bellevue square shopping with mom. She's leaving next Monday 
Twitter gonna be down again   &quot;We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday.&quot;
Lord. I'm tired and hungry. &amp;&amp; have been busier than hell on a Friday night. boo. 
@Polishedposh where are you tweeter? First Friday night were not going to horse races 
off to GA in the morning for a wedding, my dad's 60 B-Day on Sunday, then off to drop my lovey off at the airport first thing Monday!  
@rmccaully me too and i just gave up my golf tournament on Monday for a complicated education hearing in Philly 
@Lapp I'm still as a &quot;maybe&quot;. The pizza place is really close, but we have a new system coming online Monday so i may need to work late 
Bored. It's a Friday and I got jack to do. Wat a lamo 
I am happy it's Friday almost done with Middle school kinda sad 
@namakemono49 I just had chinese and now I feel sick!  You must come on MSN, it's Friday!!
Rain, rain go away.. Its not allowed on my Friday 
My phone just died  I can't wait until next Friday...something to do. Tuesday I get to go to Dallas to see Claire! fav place and person 
TWITTER ANNOUNCMENT: We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday. (1pm today Sydney time) 
Back from the Bahamas, its back to work on Monday 
Sittin' in Friday afternoon traffic 
have't been to 1st Friday in months, now I'm feeling a cold coming on.  Sipping chicken-ginger-scallion broth to chase the cooties.
@whovian99 Hurts today for the first time in a couple of weeks.  If it's not better I'll have to go back to the Drs on Monday. 
:/ Girlfriend is leaving OSL airport in 15 minutes to Copenhagen, and i wont see her before Friday 12th 
Aww it's pouring rain, I guess there will be no First Friday for me. 
is at home watching a CSI Miami marathon on a Friday night 
 It's a not so happy Friday for @teddylandau who is currently ralphing in el bano. Hope it's not contagious, I definitely have his cooties
Still feeling kinda crappy - not a very productive day     Hope to get over &quot;whatever I have&quot; this weekend and start fresh on Monday!
I've been so MIA today! I hate it when I move at the speed of a sloth  happy Friday everyone
Griffin technology  fail for signature required UPS delivery on an iPhone case now I won't get it till Monday at best 
It's race weekend at Texas Motor Speedway, which means I'll be working my ass off until Tuesday 
thank God it's Friday. I wish we still had a drive in 
Summer on Wednesday, Winter on Friday. I didn't want snow in June. 
Totally bummed out that I won't see my buddy Nels on Monday 
I drank too much coffee again  At least there was no traffic coming home! Aloha Friday!!!!
My tomatoes went bad.  That means I'm ordering out. Celebrate Friday, goodbye to drama, and making difficult decisions.
Yay twitter is back. Courtney i'll give you details on &quot;Him&quot; on Monday  
Midnight date w/ Chester French and the treadmill... On a Friday night? Yes 
I forgot to watch Conan's first Friday episode of the Tonight Show.  Friday shows are the best!! 
@mdk2002 @KingQuagmire @leocomerlato thanks for the #ff! I was out of Internet range almost all of Friday. 
@arcaller had to buy tickets on Thursday and I didn;t have the funds - so no Muse for me unless someone gives me a pressie! 
A friend's text just reminded me that tonight is First Friday! I wanted to go and completely forgot! 
Man isn't it s'posed to be follow Friday? Saw hardly any tweeted follow Fridays today. *cry* I sooo look forward to it 
WOW Friday night sittin alone in the basement playin solitare wishin i was in VA Beach 
Just ate some Five guys hamburger &amp; bacon dogs! So bored on a Friday 
going to Florida on Monday so scared to fly please pray for me that I get there and get back home to my family! 
The beginning of a very long day... I wish it would be Monday already  First stop: pickup mom for mattress moving, shopping and recycling.
here Heka bored on a Friday  lol But its Kul
@Kodo I'm only there until 8pm on Tuesday  maybe next time when I'm on my longer trip hehe
Showering ceremony today. Wedding tomorrow. Monday checking out apts again. Seems i'll go alone. 
is home and bored... and cold!!!  can't wait for Monday.. GO PIES!!!!!!!!!  Hubby doesn't want to go to the game on Monday 
@shannynlee It actually has been going all week and ends on Monday but we just drove down today.  Spent longer driving than we did there! 
Revising Business Studies  GCSE exam on Tuesday !!
@gfalcone601 yum i wanted one of them cookies on Thursday but my mum wouldn't let me  I am really jealous of you lol. Xxx
Annoyed. I have a 20-page paper to write, but I also have an exam to study for Wednesday. I also have games to play. 
Waaaah! Monday School starts again. Shit 
Oh my aching head.  Self induced illness, I blame on my boss. I think I'm gonna have to call in sick on Monday.
@sproutdr  hey babygirl...just checking out the MoMa's  site for Monday's excursion...still waiting on babysitter 
Can't do Wednesday, sowwy  http://twtvite.com/vdq6o5 #twtvite #bsktweetup
Also, according to Facebook, tons of people are coming to show on Friday. I want to go to a Pride Week talk Monday, but have to rehearse. 
@Peeks Monday   I'll only have four days to finish all my paperwork stuff for Fri.
I'm not a fan of the scale this morning. Screw you, numbers! I enjoyed my buffet on Thursday and garlic naan at 10pm last night, damn it! 
home lol so much fun...but Tamlin dropped on my foot now it hurts like hell  im gonna kill him at school on Monday
@DaniPineda DANDANDANDAN. I might not be able to go on Monday.  Training, as usual.
Bounced a check for the first time in my life   Can't WAIT for payday come Friday!
will be in Costa Rica as of Monday 12ish. AND her phone's touch screen is dying, so really it's gonna be hard to talk to her for a while 
@jmaskell Me too. Really don't know enough for Monday. Tomorrow might be stressful. I see you're missing the Oasis concert..  
Need 2 learn 4 Tuesday.... Finance  dont want to.. but have too!!!!!
Am doing legal stuff in preparation for Monday's court hearing against a horrible builder  With that and a sick cat, it's stress city!
@djsterf Stuck at home hoping that I don't get a call from work until Monday 
studying for the LSAT on Monday all day in the apartment  borinnggg
Managed to break my iPhone today replacing the battery  what a numpty will assess it Monday after I calm down
@ijustine How could you want the Pre anyways if you know a new iPhone is being announced at WWDC on Monday? 
aunt &amp; uncle coming over Tuesday, parents have a list of cleaning CRAP for me to do  in         land right now.
@Bill_Cameron I understand we won't get our results until 9pm tomorrow.  Ages yet. The Netherlands managed to get them on Friday.
Love how tomorrow's supposed to be &quot;off&quot; yet I have to wake up at 6am. I'm gonna be useless by Thursday. 
So happy I got enrolled in the Spanish class at CRC. Starts Monday tho. 
@lcstranslations Not yet... i am leaving Monday and i wont be able to twit... the gr8 wall of China block it 
@SMcSorley I can't come out.  Bailey's dress is on Thursday at like noon.  Boo.
Eff. I think that little sick kid on Thursday passed on her cold to me. 
When I ordered 3 books off Amazon on Tuesday I figured at least one of them would make it here by the weekend.  :pout:
is off to the house with leaky pipes...no Internet till Monday.   http://plurk.com/p/yy8m0
@stardoors Margaritas sound sooo good right now. I get to go out Thursday after work for them. Chris won't be there though 
It's the weekend, which means no more Bonanza until Monday. 
@patricknorton It's definitly not a CA thing. Yesterday, in GA, it was $.07 higher than when I filled up on Monday. 
  Shock loss to Sparks...bummer, @tmmcwilliams had a great game but shock too many injuries to start the season...rematch Monday!
@ethiochic What is Belmont Stakes? &amp; I feel sick from going out on Thurs still lol  We still doing something on Monday?
I like that the only plan that has been made regarding my entire trip to the east coast is that I am going to Havana Outpost on Friday 
Won't be able to twitter till Monday.. hate being internetless. 
@HomeStagingPro  sorry we'll miss you  - business is business. Fergie texted me, she'll be there on Thursday 4 U ;)
@JaylaStarr What do we do if we want more? Lol! Missed you on Thursday night @ the tweetup 
@SallytheShizzle hopefully! we only open this Tuesday but we're training atms and I HATE IT loll  I just need 2 get used 2 it I guess.. 
Harpers island was so good!!!!!!!!! Off to sleep now. Doctors Monday  think good thoughts!!
Way to go wings!!  Sucks I will be in Baltimore on Tuesday 
@curlsoutloud I'm only here till Monday, then I fly out to Europe with Evan 
Draggin myself 2 this club...runnin off no sleep since Tuesday 
http://twitpic.com/6t440 - Liz is trying to come with me  I'll be back Thursday Iz!
@JacksonCJ1 Next Wed/Thursday high is supposed to be 100.  Not looking good this summer.  
@photophly yeah, still cash only  should be fixed Monday but not soon enough. Love to see you tonight tho!
Sleepy time. I am already missing tom. I won't see him till Wednesday 
@TonyBatman not sure....I would say this week but Nakita has me flying out to Huntsville AL sometime Tuesday, so I'll be packing mon nite 
No Palm Pre for me.  I guess I'll try on Monday #palmpre  
In for a long day. Looking foward to an epic show. Not to mention a ROUGH  morning on Monday. 
oh by the way, i'm supporting Benny Gallagher in Blackheath on Friday - come along!  it's a tenner to get in tho   http://tiny.cc/Hmd4U
@ASOS_Efe have a gr8 sunday.. Enjoy to the max! Monday will be upon us soon 
Misses the JIM! Tuesday evening, please hurry on up 
I'm done with watching the entire episodes of BOF on Friday. And now, there's nothing else to watch 
...exams this week  but can't wait for Thursday when it's all out the way until October-drinks in the Duck, shopping and a good night out!
Sleepy and brooding, Monday-blues already 
missed C&amp;C lastnight  but looking forward to seeing Stereophonics on Wednesday in Wolves of all places
@Jordan23Capp Working on a public holiday! shame... Friday nite Cristal ok havent seen you ina minute 
@callmeuschi uhhh shiat.. sorry darling.. I forgot that Marina wants to come over for dinner on Thursday..   ya have time on the weekend?
@kerrylouisexxx I wish  I need some Kerry Louise love asap, u busy on Wednesday?? Xxx
Just read that a beloved fantasy author died in his sleep on Tuesday. RIP, David Eddings  May the light of Aldur guide you on your way.
I think today is a science revision day. Nerd day. As is Tuesday, which will also be an art coursework day. ehhh 
Tomorrow's gonna be Monday... again! 
Sunday's ending. Dnt want to accept the fact tht tmr is Monday. 
Omigosh. I lost 5 pounds from not feeling well. Thursday to Sunday. Really is 3 days since it was Thurs night to Friday morning. 
Monday again.  super looking forward to the upcoming long weekend. Yahoo! 
Chillin out on sunday morning, and enjoying his boredom. On Monday it's back to work 
Can't believe that I'm flying home today.  then on Wednesday flying out to NYC. Woot. Jones beach, here I come!!
Guests came in the morning saying they'd had no hot water in the Barn  Lightening on Friday had melted the Immersion timer, trashed...
Monday rolls around WAY too quickly...  
is really looking forward to The Apprentice tonight, bittersweet really because it means I have to find a life on a Wednesday night  xx
Office tomorrow ...!!  Monday blues 
@JeffMateja An exciting overnight trip to the ER Friday unfortunately canceled any OPF plans I had  
just found out that a friend from SG passed away on Friday night late 
(@frogmajick) Note to self: go to doctor Monday morning. Rash on hands may not be allergy to soap. Meds have side effects. 
@theblastoffking i'll  still be in the A till Tuesday then I'm off to Miami 
ughh Verizon is making me mad.. no phone until Tuesday 
Went to break my board(a plastic rebreakable one) on Thursday but I was to close to it and I banged my foot up and now it hurts to walk 
I'm actually quite sad that The Apprentice is over, Wednesday nights will become boring once again  x
took almost the entire day to recover from one hell of a night!!!!  Tomorrow's Monday 
can't wait for Orbital at Brighton on Wednesday - shame there's work in between.. 
I did a few homework up to now...but I didn't do German up to now!Shit...tomorrow biology test and on Tuesday chemistry 
Started packing my stuff for when I move out on Wednesday 
My car after my accident on Thursday... Scary as hell a truck pulled out right infront of me  http://tinyurl.com/kuglgl
@COWBOYJDANOS last nite I had my fill of beer. Tonite it's all about getting ready for Monday. 
Getting ready for a busy Monday. I hope I don't daydream in our long meeting. Weekend is really too short 
my week; Monday:french final Tues:history&amp;science finals Wend:math&amp;english finals Thurs:religion&amp;drama finals  lord help me
@pepsitron Batista has a torn bicep and is having surgery on Tuesday   
Is wow long day today! Going to bed! I miss my daddy, he is Basel Switzerland all alone! Only to Thursday daddy! &lt;33 School then studying 
Nothing like starting a Monday with Outlook asking you to turn off your out-of-office status  
Just got home today from the Hospital. Went in Friday at 4 with the girls and Aubrey got herself admitted. Then I caught what she had! 
Hanging out with @mezsih. Waiting for Jesse James is a dead man. Tomorrow: work for 11.5 hours. Tuesday: same. Wednesday: same. yeah 
I leave for  Savannah Thursday. 
Work has piled up since I was awol on Friday, but srsly I feel so lazy to begin clearing  Can I just shred everything and feign ignorance?
Tomorrow is Monday 
@RobOcL I was out with everyone on Friday night and YOU WEREN'T!! WTF mate?    Miss you! :-*
Can't avoid the arrival of Monday by staying awake...  going to bed.
At my apartment for the first time since Thursday morning at 10am. Vacation is definitely almost over. 
It's Monday!  AHHH BOO
First ADR Session Monday! But also the last we see of the Cardona girls before they go and get famous 
I want a funnel cake  and some more books to read..picking up the Vampire Diaries tomorrow...should be done w/ those by Friday.
Off to see UP in 3D with Shannon.  i'm not gonna see him till Wednesday afternoon.. 
Oh no!! Tomorrow it's Monday!!    But on Tuesday is the launch of  &quot;Lines, Vines, and Trying times!
True Blood season 2 tonight. Tempted to stay up and watch it, but I will have to wait until Tuesday. 
My poor young'n hasn't made a poop since Friday morning  Dr. tomorrow for her if I can get her in
I just went to YouTube to watch yesterday's #CraigFerguson... and then I realised it was Monday.  *watches http://bit.ly/b0EOv again*
Monday Morning Blues 
Mornin...twittyvile...Monday again 
Monday Mornings .... 
@susanp42 get well for TT on Wednesday 
Tough few days. Walked off my feet ( still have blisters) by a 76 yr old on Friday and beaten by bro on last lap in Richmond park yest! 
Monday strikes again: bike stolen. Nice 
another Monday morning...what delights are ahead for me...who knows but System center is on the cards 
Great!   Monday 12:44am and I have to work. I need a new schedule
Chris is mourning the loss of his beloved mountain bike - stolen from his garage on Friday night 
oh my gosh, its Monday - totally feels like AT LEAST Thursday  better be getting paid tomorrow!
It's been raining non-stop and of course the ants have invaded us! Attack of the killer ants this Monday morning 
@KimMance i'm heading to Luxembourg on Monday....and its raining today 
@jcbonassin Blue Monday 
Really thirsty..  Going to grab something cold..... Monday blues already making me drenched with sweat! 
Monday morning panic. I put a mini cd on my MacBook  30 mins to take it out manually and a lot of sweat. All good now ... phew.
I can't sleep. I miss my baby girl  she won't be seeing Mommy 'til Tuesday. Siiiiigh!
@__Greer__ blaahhhhh. I didn't get to say goodbye to you!!  lets hangout Tuesday before Jen leaves
I'm only going to be back in SA on Thursday!!!    Looking forward to the cold weather! 40' in the shade is NOT fun!
: Tuition soon. Dreading Monday. 
Midway through Monday morning and I have run out of energy   Did too much in garden yesterday
is in HELL till Thursday evening. 
The highs and lows of delivering project, Friday - High . Monday .. Low 
*Hanging around, nothing to do but frown, rainy days and Mondays always get me down!* oh wait its raining and a Monday, double downer! 
Monday morning. Yuck. 
Graduation on Thursday, Graduation Ball on Friday. Excitement. But no time to play #Aion on Friday 
@JanyMarie funny - same Monday start here too  Hate it when I forget to setup the coffee pot
Gah, my laptop is completely shagged - not good when I'm out of the office until Friday 
My Graze box was supposed to arrive on Friday, and still hasn't turned up.. not happy 
Looks like I may have a lung infection rather than pleurisy. Chest x-ray is booked for Wednesday. More antibiotics prescribed. Depressed 
please say a prayer for my hubby. Delta lost his 2 bags since Friday and we really can't afford to buy all new clothes and shoes 
Worried that if my exams on Monday I won't make it back in time from glasto. Still haven't heard from the HP bus tour. 
Goodmorning world its Monday and the Magics lost  two bad things
Bored Monday night in...you don't want to see the mess I made!  http://twitpic.com/7gkah
Oh crap Monday already, and no NKOTB concerts in site for me 
Holy airport hell! Line is insane!! I guess I could have used more forethought knowing I am leaving on a Monday morning during the summer 
At home with my baby girl asleep on me! Back to work on Thursday though 
UNREAL! The post office I used on Friday was robbed and my parcel was stolen 
@Iilireland Ah - would be no good for me  - won't be there until Fri  Still got MTC tour on Monday so I guess I shouldn't be too greedy!
Back in the salt mine   Hoping for a better day than Friday.
Yayyy Monday! Boooo rain 
its Monday, Had a great weekend sad it's over. Hope I have a good week, I will be 30 on Wednesday. 
Blah it's a Monday again 
My ankle has an owie, which means running is out of the question. I'm gonna put on 10 lbs of injury weight.  Way to suck already, Monday.
Monday - Back to work  I miss the kids already...
In a training till Thursday...my Twit ratio will take a hit this week 
@Amy_ the one over the summer looks promising, I'm going into the robotics lab to meet up with the guy Thursday but haven't heard from GE 
OK.....WTF is going on in CT weatherwise? Forecast is for &quot;scattered showers/thundershowers&quot; thru *next* Tuesday! 
Monday  but it should be a good week. Coffee and good tunes on the drive back to sj are a must.
@MsKarenOliver My next Tee time is 1pm Friday  
Has furniture coming today, electricity set up in my name, and Verizon coming on Wednesday. Moving is hard work. 
is so bored, expecting storms 2day  I guess I can clean house. Hope every1 is having a good Monday.
Dang! It's Tuesday again tomorrow..stinkin' PE Class. I effing don't wanna dance.. I just hope I'll get paired up wit Joshua again. 
Back to work....Monday mornin 
Monday morning    Back to work
Typical Monday morning!    Ready to go home!
Ick... It's Monday 
I want Thursday to come already  I hate PE!!! #squarespace @squarespace
Buried in paperwok today - must be Monday. 
I'm working.  Hoping to get Friday off though... maybe. 
The Dow is down 200 points or 2.27%. Feels like Monday when that happens. 
Boooo Monday 
Monday again. I am just trying to let time pass and get over the break up blues.   Magic should have won. 
Monday Morning Blues 
is gettin' the hang of twitter now, but still prefer facebook more ;) OMG science exam on Friday, im goin' 2 fail 
Modus just rang. Possible interview for Wednesday, but had to decine; clacton-based, v.low money, would take hour on train etc. 
 no Internet radio tonight. We're rescheduled for Wednesday at 10pm! But...100 monkeys are on tonight!!! At: blogtalkradio.com/vampradio
is not enjoying this Monday morning  .. weight of the world .. gearing up for WWIII .. in need of some &quot;no strings&quot; kinda fun!!!! 
Monday.. And back to the grind. Working all day 
iPhone 3GS will hit the stores on Friday and this will be the first time I won't be buying one the 1st day thanks to #ATT 
I have a week to get rid of Gunn   Meeting Jeff in Dallas on Thurs or Fri. It's not even half way through Monday and this week sucks.
_Hey Twitter head it official * Monday is here 
Just found out that I may not be leavin' 4 ATL this thursday, I may have to work @ the mall so I can't leave till Friday night 
is thinking what day is it today.......?? Mad Monday  missing my ipod already  shame thats all i have to miss.....ha!
@gooberdlx unfortunately nothing  friends coming in from Chicago and going skydiving Friday! Will catch up w you &amp; the Mrs post-wedding
Tamara is packing up in Rio  Last group of pictures will have to wait until Tuesday.
is staying in Norwich til Wednesday now. Means an extra day with the missus but despite this, I just want to be back in the wood 
Sister's Birthday Party yoday. Today was our last  Monday of 6th Grade. Thursday is our final day. Sadly, Tuesday is my last day at WGFS 
Rescheduled my driving lesson for Wednesday...feel really tired and blahhhh, night of soaps, twitter and farm a think LOL and ironin 
so i really want to go to Hotel Carolina but I'm pretty sure I have class that Friday until 5ish which means i'd miss the friday show 
Sick at home today.This is much worse than a Monday at work 
shoot.. can't do Limp Bizkit show on Wednesday, unless I buy a new flight back.  FLUCK!!!!  so back home for me Wednesday morning.. 
@jwadlington I have to work until 4 Friday   Chad wants to go ahead and get the $99 one though.
having so much fun in Trinidad.. where did the time go coming back to NY Friday  but i will be back in Trinidad February
Going to Estonia in Tuesday, not gonna be on for a while 
My phone got turned off  but I got an extention for Friday...Man I cannot live without my phone!
@jordywilsonmcr when haha my last exam on Wednesday you knowww!  we can have it agin soon I miss band  but I still see you and Matt  x
@katierzemien up the house until sat. which is when we leave for Idol. i won't be back until Monday. 
Monday.June.!5th.2009....Sucked! 
@Charlabina I miss you so much! I have no credit so I couldn't reply  I need to see you soon! After Friday i'm free, meet up ;)? Ly! Xxxxx
I miss Laura  Can't wait till Friday!!!
In Darien Lake..last show tomorrow then home Wednesday! 
Low-energy on a Monday is no good 
I just realized - 11 days left, tonight's the last time I'll see Elle (most likely), Thursday's the last time I'll see him...then I'm off 
@DonnieWahlberg maybe a contest or something..I do feel bad for them  Can't wait for for Friday..its going down!!
Monday's are always the hardest, especially when I have class   Hope we get out early!
@kerigarman and not Friday... Work at 7 
God please get my ass to LA on Wednesday 
Some people are full of shit. Studying for my math final on Friday, so I'm missing Run's House tonight 
 all dressed up and no bicyclist for Monday nite ride n Henderson KY http://bit.ly/10H4ne
Neglected to notice the extra Monday this month, thus am not at book club.  
Argh what a Monday   I am so looking forward to Tuesday...
@taylorbanks Man, the @freesideatl project list looks amazing. RFID cracking? Beer? Honeypots? I wish I didn't work Monday nights 
Tuesday morning...Cold...Foggy...and YUCKY to the max....and still 7 hr of work to do in this misery 
@Fieldsy4Life know that email i sent? well that 1000 turned into 100 - the woman made a mistake - wow has this been a Monday 
Ramsey has a friend over for her birthday, my baby is 12 Wednesday 
can't wait until the weekend!  Sad that it is only Monday 
@amyravennn oh yes! You had brown hair. Lmfao. Awe, I got out of school like last Friday. But it sucks though 
Legal Exam on Thursday....  I am SO not ready. Nothing I am revising is seeping into this thick skull of mine...
Hohoho senasib jo.. Gue smp minggu. @henrygerson Officially parentless 'til Thursday  they kissed my cheeks b4 leaving. Feels weird st ...
I'm unfortunately not feeling so great...... Sore throat and all  This better clear up before O.A.R on Wednesday!!!
Oceans exam on Thursday, and Math exam on Monday. I want them to be over with NOW!! 
The Monday Blues!!! 
I'm super excited that summer is here! i really wish i could afford to go to new york see the Jonas brothers on the today show Friday 
They moved Endeavour's launch until Wednesday morning at a little before six a.m... I won't be watching, but I bet it will wake me. 
Great day for a bike ride, bad day to realize my back wheel is warped to the point of rubbing the frame  Wednesday fix!
@sljohnson35 no roof parties at the Peabody till Thursday. Boo. 
@CSI_PrintChick I am thinking bout my outfit for Thursday don't know what the hell to wear 
Rainy Tuesday and back to work later 
I hate Mondays. I have the Monday Blues. 
Can't believe it's only Monday  boo
wants to go see Emerson Drive at the Country Jams next Thursday, but has no one to go with... 
@DreNaylor I meant the Yoha, but I just remembered I was going to Texas on Friday, so now I won't be able to come up for another week 
rt @mlbCoz Torii Hunter left the game with bruised ribs - will be re-evaluated on Tuesday - #Angles #roto  
Wish i didn't have have a big appt on Thursday or else i would be at the Laker parade 
@miriamlyons in meeting all of Thursday arvo  can visit Friday around 1230pm if that's convenient. what r the Building.Floor.Room numbers?
@Starr2r3al WTF is that...&amp; I didnt see u Friday... 
had an awesome night at st sulpice Ross is gone Wednesday  gonna miss you buddy!
Lines Vines and Trying Times world wide release today.. Except for Australia... out Friday.. very disappointed 
hates waking up on a Tuesday morning, for 2 completely pointless English lessons and 1 boring as hell Geography lesson 
@UKLetsGetThis the flights are soooooooo expensive!! Monday 12th is bank holiday in Spain 
@Glowboy2006 because I have to work in the AM and woke up with a toothache and don't see the specialist until Tuesday  of next week
Tried to preorder 3G S from O2 shop. O2 said &quot;sorry, we're not doing pre-orders, but we're expecting plenty of stock, call back Thursday&quot; 
Tehran still in uproar over election. 7 killed in crossfire between protesters and police in riots Tuesday. Somber bedtime for me... 
Wife advises: We need money by Friday 
It feels like... Wednesday.... Mais non 
ooooh got press passes for the Overlord 2 launch this Thursday, cant go 
2nd one done  one left shane it's on Friday afternoon. Talk about dragging it out 
hmm doesn't know whether to beg for presale tickets. and risk being told no. or wait till Friday for Manson tickets.  help?
@YoungMrFudge I do..or rather I did   Poor Fudge boy had to be put to sleep last Monday (8 June) he had a condition called 'Pneumothorax'
is looking forward to 2 weeks in Suffolk from Friday - I just hope that my cat is better by then, otherwise I'll be on my own... 
weekends.. sorry!! wat was dat again??... the new time table.. starting Monday 8.30 am..ending sunday 10.45 pm.  welcome to secondyear@MDI
@wayitcrumbles I've read...3? blog posts about people having a bad day.  And it's not even Black Friday! 
@human3rror we have to wait until next Friday in Australia 
Time for me to get up, its only Tuesday 
I am so annoyed, the CD that I pre-ordered to get for Monday still isn't here!!! I want Lines, Vines and Trying Times...but no...HMPH 
helping Bill load to leave for Erie....then off to work, feels like a Monday 
@brittanyhegwood I'm going to Seattle Friday at 2:30pm... perhaps if lunch is early enough, I can swing it?  But more likely no 
@smilinggreenmom Monica here! Including the closet from hell. lol I miss Thursday nights with Friends too. 
If it continues to rain, I'm not going to visit school with Frannie on Thursday. 
Is it really only Tuesday? Slow moving week... 
well, that went quite well (if Rudi can actually read it) ;) 4 down 2 to go and next one Cognitive Modelling on Monday 
@mayatheb it's not raining in Manhattan...enjoy the next 2 days cause it's supposed to rain all weekend til Monday 
Sad lil sis won't be with the other sisters on Thursday 
Awk, I wish it was Friday 
Wow I could really go for some Friday morning breakfast at Darci's 
Class @ 3:30 :/ Project is due Thursday and sooo much work left to do T_T Looks like I'll be staying after class today to work on it 
My cat Nicky, his eyes are infected and we have to wait until Friday to take him in. 
was trying to watch Friday The 13th ON-Demand then it went out 
I have to be up tonight for Famitsu Wednesday. And just as I got over my last bout of Insomnia 
Long time, no tweet  but better late than never. Great wedding shoot last Friday, now editing but my lovely wife is doing it most of it
I dont get paid until Friday. Can't get their cd tonight after work.  @jonasbrothers
@linalrae Not to bring down your hopes, but Fearless contacted me two or three weeks ago and forms are due Friday...  
Last Tuesday @ BMS 
Rain rain go away, stop ruining Taco Tuesday! 
Great. The ferry that leaves on the Monday is booked. So if I leave tues I won't get there till thurs A.M. Morning of the festival start 
hoping the bf is off on Tuesday so we can go to sf before he leaves for the Philippines and Singapore 
I'm going to be so HAPPY come next Tuesday... but for now I'm mad stressed 
scratch that. No new phone for her today. Will have to wait til Friday, like everyone else 
Moving tomorrow and Thursday.  Good bye Sarasota.
Woosta's following everyone tweeting the word UCAS again - says he's going to blog about it on Friday - Yay! - still no assessment yet 
Night peoples(: exhausted. Wednesday tomorrow and double dosage...Bring it on. .....@keithmccormick  freaking out now.
@Marni_Wedin Friday may not work now, I realized that I am heading into a workshop for the day  next week??
Europe next Tuesday, guh! Gonna miss my B  &lt;3
Voice lesson tomorrow, yay! Interview Thursday...I miss Gainesville and my friends 
I havent seen Savanah since Wednesday 
Still without power. Electricity  has been off since Friday.  
@Xpt_PK1 hate I missed u  I am off Friday, how is your schedule looking?
Eqao down, next up English exam Friday 
is looking forward to Friday drinks and dinner for Jade but also not as it means she is leaving.    
@ChrisAGriffin Yeps, but I'd have to take off Monday AND *cough* 800.00+ trouble with those pesky last minute tickets 
@Shadae_B  wish u would have stayed Friday night
Has to wait until Thursday to get the new JB CD 
@BOSS0515 back to work on Friday  BUT have the Bahamas to look forward to
@nkBeeKay No  I'll be at Mohegan on Thurs (1 hr 40 mins from Boston)... and driving to Montreal on Friday.. wahhh..
ysabet: footsies are cold  need socks.: ysabet's status on Wednesday, 17-Jun-09 03:47:31 UTC http://tinyurl.com/kvr5pu
is still looking for someone to go to the Country Jams with next Thursday, so that I can see Emerson Drive.. 
Tuesdays suck. Can we change the calendars to Friday through Monday.. 4 day weeks would be awesome!  me so sad that it's only hump day.
Doh, just got asked to work on Monday instead of Tuesday, had to say no  No big deal, oh well
@OLINA901 All Westlake choirs got kicked out  we're doing a special one on Monday !
Last day in Malaysia  Counting down to Newcastle town centre delivery summit Monday...
I need you all to help @peterfacinelli get to 500,000 by Friday! Annnnnd should Charlie keep his beard in Eclipse? @billy_burke  I'm torn.
Oh, shyte! its a weekend already! Back to office...Monday seems so far away...   #paralleluniverse
'Bout to head to bed. I'm so burnt evrywhere!  But at least I'll gain a tan outta it! Can't wait for Friday morning!! 
Crazy up in work. I still don't have Friday off.  and I'm missing M.
Mall all day with Lydia and Aaron! Spent more than I can afford. NO SPENDING UNTIL NEXT PAYDAY! .......is it next Wednesday yet? 
Summer break has ruined Tuesday night bowling. 
Mega tired my eyes hurt  Friday hurry up and come!
Woke up and it felt like sunday.....then i realized it's only Wednesday. I had to get up and get going 
 Alton towers with the school on Friday  although we need to leave at 5am 
Tuesday night and there's alot to do but no way to get there  be patient...the first week of July I'll be rolling in a 2010 KIA Soul.
@Laughing_Lion I hope it improves by Friday, I have a wedding to do 
On Monday next week I'm going with @amerikate to notify the registry office that we want to get hitched. I just wish the USA allowed it 
Happy Wednesday ! The worst day of the week starts here... You all know im not a fan of Wednesday and the rain makes it worse ;( 
Not loving my hair  But I'm still going to dye it grey this Friday with Jas and Del
Working on &quot;Pilot Readiness&quot; assessment; supposed to turn on the platform on Monday for the first group. I think we need to push 1 week 
@OceanCollege wish I was there  Back on Monday though.. great stuff!
@michaelatherese Thanks Kel. I just found out we won't know till Friday  I won't be sleeping till then....
Is studying Statistical Methods of Engineering for UT on Friday 
Rainy Wednesday.  
@katepickle  Liam's school concert is Friday, I am stressed cos he has had about a week off from being sick   On that-anyone know where to
SVU and foodz on the way.. probably.. Wednesday night has been a lazy night. Work sucked today.  Can't summon any creative juice at all...
View out of my bedroom window ok a very wet and miserable Welsh Wednesday  http://twitpic.com/7m3fp
So soon - Friday. Partaaaay. Shame about alice not being able to come 
My sciatica is in full effect this morning. I'm lying on the floor taking deep breaths. Welcome to my Wednesday. 
Accidents on both north and southbound sides of 128. I might get to work by Thursday...this is NOT starting the day off right 
Apple issued an &quot;exception&quot; to my iPhone shipping and UPS is holding it till Friday! otherwise it'd be here today  bastards!!!
@diet_tay don't think so. You can reserve a personal shopping slot @ Apple store but Friday's all booked up  Will go 2 o2store later.
still no news from THAT university about the job...  emailed their HR department on Friday... maybe hear from them in another month?? ;)
Can't believe it's just Wednesday. 
@theotherAP At least you'll get to use #iPhone3.0 right away! I hafta wait until Friday for the unlock. 
Hopefully the day will go by fast! Other than that I just wish I was in the Bahamas with my babe!   Friday hurry up &amp; be here aleady!!!
I feel sick.  Tomorrow and Friday's exams not looking good. I hate school. RARGH. I want to go to universityyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
@lawschoolninja Apple isn't letting anyone deliver them until Friday so they are holding them  #fml #fail #violence
wants his #iPhone already, why Friday #apple 
don't want surgery Friday  but Vegas will be awesome!!!
I am uber, uber sad I'm going to miss @wintersleep on Friday at Dundas Square because I'll be working at the Edge down the street 
@mariefayandre Sammy needed a foster or a forever home by Monday and couldn't find one, so he was put to sleep. 
at work. really tired  cant wait til Friday! Santa cruuuuz this wknd!!! yess!
I hope everyone is ready to celebrate Hug a Stripper Wednesday!!! i tried finding some strippers on twitter but many of them arent active 
&quot;Grandpas funeral is on Friday not Thursday SAD 
&quot;Grandpas&quot; funeral is on Friday not Thursday SAD 
Why do I get a really strong feeling that my pre-ordered 3G S from the Carphone Warehouse won't arrive on Friday 
Monday: Library then Dinner at Outback. Tuesday: Picnic at the park and playing with sidewalk chalk. Wednesday, you are such a letdown. 
Boring day. Younger 2 finished school Tuesday.  Lexi done Thursday and graduates on Friday.  Car has a playoff game 2nt.  Sunshine?? 
cant wait for the weekend ... DJin in Estonia with the Bunty..... not looking forward to the 6am flight on Friday though 
bummer....it looks like Apple didn't mess up after all.  It seems they put a &quot;hold&quot; on the shipment, till Friday 
This week has been all sorts of crazy so far and it's only Wednesday... @hellyesjes , wish you were in LA right now.... 
Cant wait for Monday! Boxing again! Its been way to long 
damme! Pop quiz in Astronomy and I haven't been since LAST Tuesday. 
My iPhone has been iPhonenapped in Louisville? WTF? I guess I have to wait until Friday... 
So... Wednesday. Bad sleep last night so now I'm tired, was late for work, and won't have time to work out today. 
Sigh, already Wednesday? I don't know if I have enough pots for WoE and I hate farming. 
We are going to get a new iphone on Friday, I have been warned that I will be in BIG trouble if I think it's a new toy for me 
Having another Office Space moment.. Why is it only Wednesday 
Wishes she could see The Arlequins on Friday, but she doesnt live in Sydney 
I'm leaving to Mexico Friday night. Going to be there all next week. Missing EDC 
@CannonGod I'm not sure I can make it for a drink afterwards, would like to but have an early start on Friday  Shame you can't make it!
@Nagumeva thx for coming out with me on Friday. I agree we just can't hang like we used to  I was tiered the WHOLE weekend!
@shen_nanigans @traven76 OW!!! Stiches come out tomorrow. I get the crown put in on Monday morning. Yikes. 
@andygriffwozere STEPs Monday and AEA Wednesday, its just dawned on me how close they actually are 
@misschi  I was going to ask if we could go to Element on Friday!
OMG this tooth is the death of me  gettin it pulled on Monday 
No one got the Twitpic Tuesday guess what breed of horse this is   It was a Hokkaido Horse
@ibetika I think I'm going to leave on Sat., since I wouldn't get another chance to leave until Tuesday b/c of the AirTran blackout dates 
I was at Modells earlier and there was a Krejci shirt. For $10. In a kids size. Why must I be broke until Friday?! 
@ComcastBonnie Tech came for internet/phone..fixed that..now cable is out in the house.. until another tech comes on Friday 
Seems like 6Flags won't be happening tomorrow or Friday 
@lehcar098 I'm not going to Malika's party on Friday, so say hi to him for me! I wish I could be there.  And that's true about unpacking.
It doesn't feel like a Wednesday. More like a...Thursday. Unfair 
Sushi, miso soup, strawberry banana smoothie w/ tapioca and dinosaurs. Going to miss my weekly Wednesday culture trip downtown next week. 
Back from York, good trip, feel good about the new task. Looking forward to Holland Friday, not played much poker 
@kissysellout happy birthday bro!!! wish i could be there on Friday, but its our first night in Ibiza 
I'm taking tomorrow off (and possibly Friday) because of my back.  Working three days this week was really hard and stressfull 
@kjkraynak you heard I guess. Glad I got to say bye to him on Monday. 
Upgrading to 3.0 before getting the 3GS Friday.. Bye bye to cool themes for a while   http://twitpic.com/7og55
@tswizz tweet your thoughts - I'm in love! Talked to Rogers and tethering is not possible until Friday 
@Blairxx Mine will be here on Friday 
Aghh,the day started off crappy,unorganised,then The Bitch is sucking up 2 me,i'm not enjoying my Thursday  !
My iPhone 3GS still has not shipped yet... Starting to think its not gunna be here by Friday 
I meant Friday    @Nathaniel_IGIF  Root beer floats are free on Friday at A and W! http://www.awrestaurants.com/
Thursday=working out, cleaning, packing, last day of VBS  and home.
@NolaHeather guess what I gots to chaparone the feild trip Friday AND babysit!!! So unless we go @ like 8 I can't go... 
I requested my last mean before I leave on Friday. Away from Twitter, txt, emails, and internet  For 3 days!!!!! Ahhh
Goodnight Twitter.  Thursday will be a long day.   
Damnit! I got to write a rough draft for an online magazine by Friday...I haven't written anything in awhile..I wish I was Lester Bangs! 
Morning everyone hope you are all well this evening still buzzing from yesterdays #dbuc09 back to cov thought and Reading on Friday 
Im so overload with my subjects. My Monday Wednesday Friday sched has 7 subjects from morning to afternoon until in 8:30 in the evening. 
Lame Thursday 
@kerri21 Wish I was going to Phoenix too but hubby can't get off that Monday after the show. So no sitter. 
@reneeharrison13 wish I could have gone to meet you guys  Will you still be here on Friday?
Can't wait till Monday when this nightmare is over because I miss my love 
@masb1987 Are we still on for Friday? I wasn't sure, with everything with Buster. 
Looks like I will have to wait until Friday to find out the new Iphone price 
Just completed the Thursday Williams family jog... alone 
Oops, Bliss N Eso is tomorrow night.. It's only Thursday today! 
My iPhone 3G S still hasn't shipped yet... I am starting to think that I am not going to have it on Friday like Apple said I would. FAIL. 
Back early from school. About 1pm. I wish it were Friday. 
@hellobebe Ditto. I wish it were Friday already. 
Why isn&quot;t Russell Brand on Wednesday nights anymore??????????????? grrrrrr 
@harrybr at least you had the option to get the Pro. I bought mine the Friday befiore the announcement 
@PixieVonDust Normal service with @ghook will be resumed next Monday. I had to attend a board meeting last week 
Just booked an appoinment to get my eyes checked next Thursday. Hope I don't av 2 get glasses but prob will 
@AllyBingham one of mums clients, long story but she's going to speak to him on Monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Jaw is killing me 
@Wildcatcdc how has your week been? Sent you email on Monday 
Wondering how will I get through this gloomy and rainy Thursday here in Jersey  however I appreciate waking up to be a witness to 2day ...
Where'd my paternity leave go? http://bit.ly/1FJKy See you back in work Monday 
@Beth_Temple betttth with no lift I can come on Monday...or get home 8-) 
Great Thursday Morning all. Alarm went off an hr ago and just now getting up! guess who's gonna be late for work? 
@NeilOughton I agree, it is quiet and does feel like a Friday  I haven't updated my iPhone yet, I need to research the jailbraking again..
@ddlovato  hey just to say you were soo good at Wembly on Monday night ! I missed la la land  but you were awsome 
The Thursday Slump 
@martinvovk hehe... could be worse than Thursday afternoon in Ealing... I have Friday afternoon in Ealing. 
Wishing it were Monday already so Lizz would be home 
Speaking of Picard, I just learned that this past Tuesday was Captain Picard Day. And I missed it. 
Not doing so well and haven't been getting any sleep. Wish it was next Thursday so I could sleep. 
Woke up thinking it was Friday ... sadly it's not! 
Working in the office today! Half day tomorrow and spending time with Scott before he leaves for Europe on Monday. 2 weeks no boyfriend 
@geoffjohns0 @madmarvelgirl Couldn't Superboy Prime punch a wall and make it Friday?? 
Tomorrow's finally Friday! I can sleep longer this weekend, but the requirements are starting to pile up again. 
no ISP on Monday. 
@Minxalicious Glad to hear that, babe. I've not been getting more than 5 hrs this week - big deadline on Monday, still behind schedule! 
Laptop is finally coming.... next Wednesday 
@laurapea not back till Friday at 4pm. Muchos travelling before then 
India lost the match on Tuesday. 
Looks like my iPhones have shipped....for delivery on Monday.  
Why isn't it Friday? Wait it doesn't matter, I still have to work this weekend 
Pink slips Friday  last day June 30 
Ruby Tuesday menu is still disappointing 
Last day at Benning.  Hot,100+ everyday.  I should fly out(destination unknown) tomorrow.  Should be in Afghan by Monday!  Bye Wal-mart 
BORING class. Leaving for camp til Tuesday early morning..yay!. But will be missing @LaurenConrad 's book signing in Mansell. Sadness 
Oh my god, it was Courtney Cox's birthday on Monday. I feel like a bad friends fan  haha.
Camera Obscura is postponed on Friday -   I wish them the best regarding the circumstances, whatever they are. http://bit.ly/vN58r
wishes she was in Wales on Tuesday 
Skylar is sound asleep..house is peaceful..Dreading surgery on Monday 
@squarespace I'm right across in NJ.. supposed to rain until Monday at least  but it'd sure be nice to win an iPhone from #squarespace ;)
My new iPhone 3G S shipped today! Won't arrive until Monday though. 
Interview with ops manager on Tuesday seemed to go okay -- I think I boned the phone interview with the CIO tho   We'll see.
Aw man. There's no way I can get a strip done for tomorrow OR Monday. Gah. I have to leave in an hour. 
This rain here in #Connecticut is UNBELIEVABLE! Is it ever going to end? Not til at least maybe Monday or Tuesday!   
@WickdWeirdWitch You mean..OYE..itz Friday..!!..And how come you didn't include me??  I am hit with #insomnia as much as anyone else..:d
Confirmed: Friday prayer rally is cancelled: http://bit.ly/aU2F7 But this is coming late.  #IranElection
@oxfordgirl from iranRiggedElect Confirmed: Friday prayer rally is cancelled: http://bit.ly/aU2F7 But this is coming late.  #IranElection
Ready for Friday..... still not sure what color to make the bottle 
FINALLY got confirmation that my new iPhone shipped.. but it won't be here until Monday 
I am sad that i have to go home from the beach in the morning   But Camp AIM starts on Monday! EEk EEK
@TokyoDiamond so u flaked on me this weekend lol   Ill be in Philly Monday and I better see you!!!
@LauraLk3 Laura you better be there. I can't not see you 2mro then not see you on Monday 
Waiting till Monday for my Science GCSE exam worth 25% 
The Druid costume has been delayed in Europe, and will now be coming out next Thursday 
It's Showtime- missin' all my FA5 folks.  Ready for Thursday night aftershow. What will it be tonight? Or should I say where...
@lfc_lxy Sunday Monday ish (: feeling sian now. Tired luhh 
@Stew68 hahaha...funny question...I have to stay in bed til *Manic Monday*...doctors orders 
Can't believe it's Friday already and no #jailbreak yet. 
@gfrancie Definitely. I am free tomorrow morning, and most weekday mornings excepting next Monday. Dentist. 
@SexyLonnie it's like dat Lonnie  n I have the bottle didn't fa get when I come baq on Monday from Canada I will drop it off
spent ages updating iPod and now can't sleep  have nothing to do with my Friday night! Entertain me!
Busy...busy...with work! Doesn't feel like Friday at all! 
Just remembered I have to write my Fitness Friday post for tomorrow ... or shall I say &quot;NO&quot; Fitness Friday   Boooo.
Thursday night and I'm here putting a paper to bed. Alone. 
Finally home from a long day at work. Only a few hours til I start another long day at work... that I volunteered for... on Iphone Friday 
Giving Jasper a bath.... I am glad tomorrow is Friday but I will miss him! 
hubby justy told me he's goin 2 Chicago on Monday  4 2 days! boo hoo
@yella_honey  that makes me sad. well take it easy this weekend. See you Monday!!
@inrsoul   not good. Especially when i came back from BKK on Monday afternoon...
Ahhh, I have a chance to go to 'My Sister's Keeper' screening except it's on a Wednesday and I have to work. 
@Courageous_one LOL but they don't have that Tipton Hotel show on a Friday   - btw I am working too just love NZ Kids TV shows
In bed didn't get to see sytycd  but that's what TiVos for last Friday of high school tomorrow :/
David started basic Wednesday and they took his phone for who knows how long... missing his voice and his kisses 
is gonna be in Louisiana till Monday.... Joy. 
Long day in 100 degree New Orleans weather  Looking forward to the weekend. Friday always seems to be the longest day of the week! zzzzzz
Nevermind, Thursday night isn't so cool when your dad doesn't let you go out 
Friday   Gym    Work   chill 
&quot;No check has been done in 312 days forcing check&quot;...thanks Centos becuase thats good at 4:50pm on a Friday! 
Wait, are the BET Awards on Sunday! :O I took off Tuesday thinking it was then! 
@ItsTopCat...no, its not. No ATH til Monday  I was hoping for an emergency show 2day cuz of the rain out @ the Open.
dude I miss your videos, every Friday at work I would buy some Greek food (gyro, rice, salad) mix it all up, and watch your vid as I ate. 
Jaffe I miss your videos, every Friday at work I would buy some Greek food (gyro, rice, salad) mix it all up and watch your vid as I ate. 
Still coughing... If I don't approve till Monday, I'll have to see my MD 
Managed to break the screen on my phone because i'm amazing.. can still receive calls, but can't see who's calling  New phone on Monday
I wish it wasn't Friday... It means Leah's leaving today 
Home from work, Friday arvo, kicking back. But working tomorrow 7am and Sunday 3pm. Roster fail   All good for Monday's Tech Talk though.
Heat from the early morning  I just have to make it through today somehow. And then three days of cooldown + Monday off! Delightful.
The MX makes my day. Every Thursday and Friday. I never get to read it any other day 
@vickiaday Coming along nicely, thanks! He flies back Monday for 2 or 3 weeks before returning to CA for 90 days. Will miss him   And you?
@jeriwithani wow tomorrow is Friday...no school. LOL. I start on monday. Boooooo 
@JCTurner You should be ok. Most people will be getting the 16gb. Stafford will probably be out of stock by Monday 
Feeling flat on a Friday night.  Horrible week ending with a whimper and not a bang. 
Lazy Friday has almost gone.. feels so useless today...  
Stacked to the max at work already today. Not going to be an easy Friday 
I have a headache on a lovely Friday.Awesome 
@henrik Thanks Henrik! Allow me 9 days for delivery, so sorry, but new stock is coming next Tuesday, not earlier 
Aiyaaa... I'll probably only get my car on Tuesday next week. Boring la weekend with no wife and no new car 
says have a lovely Friday. Work here I come  http://plurk.com/p/124yfa
Friday finallyyyyy!!!! Class all day then moving alllllll the rest of my stuff. Long day 
@ditski weeeeeekkksss ur going to Batam on Monday yah?  jealous 
I'm sure it's more crowded here on a Friday than it has been the past few years. I'm going to miss all this  Hx
Welcome to Friday. The first day of my week 
Friday! It's Friday everybody! O: Driving into work by myself.  Guess I don't get to read my book then.
Boht my Dad and my eldest boy are ill so no Kemble Airshow for me this year  Staying on-topic am flying up to Edinburgh on Monday!
Jon Gosselin is filing for divorce on Monday  I had hope for them 
@Hybrid911 Transformers... robots in disguiseee *sings* I have to wait to Tuesday I believe 
Friday again. Weeks go by so quickly, years even faster. I feel like I'm missing a lot. Wish it would slow down a little. 
I'll do Follow Friday this evening...tired from lack of sleep.    ...tweet with you guys later.
Scratch that... registration is closed.  Thankful that it's Friday and in less than a week I'll be with @c_pilny.
Still not sure whether or not I will have a 'new' job straight after my current contract ends next Friday! Waiting on paperwork 
@Miamoodles I'll bring him at the Mac shop on Monday, I suppose... 
computercrash, Studio Down until Monday 
Great, the beloved University proxy appears to be borked.  No Friday fun websurfing for me this afternoon 
Friday! One more day till husband comes home. Katie was crying for him last night  and J coudn't sleep. We'll be joyful to see him!
I hate when Friday comes around and I realize I'm going to miss yet another SmackDown!. . .  
@psibreaker, Loving father I may be, but I haven't seen Pesto since Wednesday 
Its finally Friday! Yay!! Going to Menard this weekend hope its fun. I cant wait to see the river. But I have to get off work first. 
http://twitpic.com/7spqf - Friday night! ALONE 
Watching the f1 Friday practice, poor BMW with more problems 
I'm suffering a bit of Friday afternooness.  Going to do all the things I never get around to doing - like clean my office 
I wanna go to Fireworks Friday at the Dell Diamond 
Finally it's Friday!! I am so happy. Work is too tiring  really need a break!! &gt;&lt;
TGIF but then its TGIS then oh man its Sunday... then Monday allover again 
Follow Friday @totalgunner no I don't think you're funny, you're scaring me now 
Going to office - on Friday  (For the people who don't know - Friday is weekend in UAE)
To all my co-workers...let's savor our last day of freedom. Fun dies on Monday 
Follow Friday @FreshmensAlley he took my sunglasses  give them back to me!!
Friday. Love it. But miss Jacob  x
@sdidat So you won't be there for the huge family pic after Jess' wedding?  I'm with you- Friday night weddings = 
It's Friday and I'm excited for dinner at Dolce tonight. It's closing 
Friday night &amp; still staring at those red lights to turn green  Delhi is so crowded..man &amp; machines.. Wish I cud do s'thing!
Another late Friday evening telco with US 
Friday night ... what to do? Home and bed yet again by the looks of it 
Going to Wags to try to catch a deal on a Friday is just silly...There's never RR deals by the EOW. I guess to many couponers in the area 
My last Friday at The Tonight Show.  But hey, Wilco on Wednesday!
Friday in Hangzhou with not a pub in site 
Be sure to help me.  # Follow Friday
Car failed MOT then I got the new parts needed and they couldn't retest till Monday 
is 'tGi' Friday and my working day is over ...... Roll on Bedtime !!! please day be over soon... its been a rough one 
Follow Friday @CrayolaaWonderr I killed her 
Slept thru follow Friday  #squarespace
Bored.... on a Friday night 
Stockton summers give me headaches and bouts of depression  italia on Wednesday!
@seemack  I'm missing Frosty Friday. Le sigh
Friday!!! i have got a theory exam tomorrow  Wish me luck!
I'm sorry I'm such a horrible person... Grounded till Monday. Leaving on Tuesday  Tweet 'cha all laterz
I find no t shirt from sparks the rescue... Pity   But it was absolutely cool on Tuesday.
John's car can't be fixed until Monday and he can't drive it all weekend.  He's mad.  
I sprained my ankle yesterday!  should be better by Monday!//CINDERELLA TONIGHT!!!
Busy Overtime Friday *pukes* 
Rain. It rained last night. It's raining today. Supposed to rain until Monday. One of the joys of living in the Pacific Northwest. 
Totally have a case of the Mondays and its Friday, I need some encouragement 
@jill777 Yep...there every Thurs, Friday, and Saturday..unfortunately he's married to the owners daughter 
It's now *officially* the 1st Friday night of summer again: terrestial tv schedules nothing worth watching @ 9pm. Boo to the telly Nazis 
just got thru handling mayyy jahh bizness. Said goodbye 2this office &amp; my peeps &amp; it's back to Manhattan on Monday  http://mypict.me/4vRM
I don't know if Martini Friday is going to go on tonight - it just might have to be Laundry Friday.  
@ALMIGHTYMOE awww...is it because no one's put you on  Follow Friday ! @almightymoe show him some love! 
Going to Dallas on Monday.  I am going to be gone for 7 days.  I have never been away that long!! 
@WendyODT mine won't be here til MOnday.  
Racing is canceled for Friday, June 19th due to wet track.  Track is closed 
@missrachilli thanks for the follow Friday my dear! Hope tour good! No luck in Manchester for us, wanted to go to Note but was closed 
Thank fuck it's Friday. I hate being working class 
Surprise!!  Provincial office doors locked at 4:28 PM on Friday. 
@cfdj71 I was going to pop in to the Apple store today and check it out but didnt have time. Ill pop in on Monday. I want one 
Went to Trace's the other night, wasn't the same... I miss our Tuesday outings 
@billycurrington I wish I were there!!  Evansville is a bit far for a Friday night...hoping to drive over to Ohio to see you in August!
Friday night.  Pink eye.  Boo.  
'Bout ready to watch Friday the 13th. Not much into guts and gore. Hope I can keep my dinner down 
Nothing at #EIFF now till Tuesday for me 
somebody do that Follow Friday thing for me    i dont have that many followers  
Dinner all alone on a Friday. Cue the Violens 
I'm thinking that someone @ @FRC needs to think about a Friday night service I have a wedding 2 go 2 on 2morrow will miss the 7:30pm 
Home at 7:30 on a Friday night &amp; really tempted to just go to bed   Thinking I may have to give in to the fact I'm getting sick 
Friday Epic Fail... 
in Pueblo at a NAIFA meeting. working late on Friday 
@kittygutz  Mine won't be activated until Monday evening.    I share your pain.
Off to Taco Bell for some grub.. Looks like it's gonna be a quiet and lonely Friday night 
The next city is Chicago; I wish I could be there Monday for the next instructions and artifacts  (via @ssyndrome)
I Kno it's Friday nite &amp; I shud b full of energy but I'm exhausted. Not feeln it 
Way too late to be at work on a Friday 
@reneritchie AND its lack of adherence to web standards! btw loving your 3GS coverage. We dont get it until next Friday here in Australia 
Movie night Friday and no movie to watch. 
Woot its Friday!!! Sucks that its supposed to rain all weekend tho 
had to cancel my flights for today  but MTV called me back so will hear back on Monday 
Friday night and I'm stuck at home practicing shitty Phish songs for a wedding ceremony I gotta play next weekend. 
I'm a happy girl. 300 sets of beautiful, epically tanned abs. I love Friday night movies. But I do wish I went to Niagra 
go to bed, tomorrow early in the  morning i have an exam (Fack! my Friday are lost   )
My Friday Follow list: @140tees @betsywebber (even though she unfollowed me   @stickytwits @TechSmith (cause I LOVE Jing!) @MonicaBenton
Hanging with Rosy tonight and tomorrow. P.E. starts on Monday 
Studying for our Computer quiz on Monday.  it's pretty difficult.
Late (much too late) meal of Thai yellow curry w veg and tofu + Yuengling light lager. Friday night w/out my baby is predictably wild... 
@HankCampbell I'll Quest on Monday to make appt to get my blood tested, again. Doc's office lost my lab tests. 
Bored on a Friday night. Is that even possible. I probably need to change my friends 
Shoot, I left my credit card at Ruby Tuesday's. 
* read/type Thai.    -____-  {I should seriously get more than 7.5 hours sleep on a Friday night.   Not fair.}
apparently DJ's think on Friday's u play sappy songs ~ lordy every station ~guess lonely ppl listen on Friday's ~ gonna cry  Time for Ike!
@Megan_Purcell Damm, that reminds me I missed out on them on Wednesday night 
My friend's flight to Chicago got cancelled? He won't be here until Tuesday 
Shame on @mediatemple for scheduling maintenance on a Friday at midnight, some of us are still working... Next time, a weekday please 
At Nick's house for the boys last Friday home for 2 flippin months!!!  But party. Yay :-D
Total fiasco so far. Measurement review meeting scheduled for Monday. 
@babblefishx3 I heard you start summer school on Monday. Noo!  And I was just about to tell you that Maggie and I are free that day too.
@babblefishx3 I heard you start summer school on Monday. Noo!  And I was just about to tell you that Maggie and I are free Tuesday.
Helluva wake up call this morn, pity mk chance of a repeat tomorrow or Monday. 
Helluva wake up call this morning, pity there's to be no repeat tomorrow or Monday.. 
weather.com put this up Tuesday: Heat Advisory for Gibson County, TN until 7 pm CDT, Sat., Jun. 20, 2009. will prolly extend it tomorrow 
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them. Off to learn for my bio test on Monday 
Yay for phone working again! Boo for dodgers giving the angels a winning homerun in the 8th  yay for it being my Friday!
@alex240993 #Follow Friday never gets me any followers  lol
Not off to town today now  Off Tuesday instead. Another day of boredom I guess.
Does anyone have any home cures for tonsilitus ? Can't get to docs until Monday 
also, im craving chocolate cake and L4D! school starts on Monday and i have a fever. WHY NOW?!?!!?  
@sandgaijin Work.   I work Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights, from 10 PM to 8:30 AM!...why are YOU awake? :p
Looks like my iPhone's not being delivered till Monday 
Can't believe how sad I am about not having to go to work on Monday. 
OK, fourth day without baby, she's in NY with Dad          (when is Monday?--soon I hope)
Is going WI  but will be back in AZ on Monday! Yay! Going to watch Friday the 13th on my iPod on the flight.
back in UK now, Heading to a party in Stock . . back to work Monday 
Am giving one last push and studying for my psych final that is on Tuesday! 
Struggling with physics revision  OMG why does is have to be so hard? Final exams on Monday... can't wait for it to be over!
Its taken me 3 days to do 5 chapters. I have 6 chapters left and my paper is at 930am on Monday. Save me 
@ORANGESTOAPPLES Aw Hillary   I hope we're still on for Friday.
I want to go shopping so bad but have to wait for the check onFriday. 
@ambo_c They are good.  Gavin is having an EGD and Colonscopy done on Thursday though 
@bethanee_c Internet has been down for a while. I'm back on Monday so last day tomorrow 
wants it to be Tuesady now 
I lost my tail on Thursday  Sad times.
@Superspence at the condo. Won't be home til Monday or so. 
argh, Alexander the cat having second asthma attack of the day.  Why oh why did we switch the litter   Vet on Monday
Bought leaving present 4 Becky, heading off 4 new life with bf 2 Australia. After Monday I will have 2 wait 18 mths before seeing again 
Cant get our new dog till Tuesday!  I wanted to take all of them!
I hope Meat Free Monday is a huge success, but I hope people also leave out the eggs/dairy. They cause global warming and suffering too 
Landed home from my hols. The usual delays with flights but bags out fast. Back to work Monday 
@dianarowland I tried!!! I pre-ordered Mark of the Demon but I was hoping to get it today, Wednesday seems so far away. 
Delivery confirmation shows my contest entry was delivered a day late- but they guaranteed me Monday arrival.  I am sad.
Tuesday's Further Maths is going to be the death of me     (save me please     )
My entire body is achy.  Monday night I go to the Fibromyalgia Dr.
@alexsingleton &amp; Nottingham on Monday. 6am start 
Trans Am painting got resheduled for next Thursday, which is good since the GD Chrysler won't start 
Ben just got home and told me he is going with his coworkers to see Tranformers in IMAX on Wednesday night 
I can't text/call anyone until Tuesday b/c that's when I'm getting my new phone. Man 
in Alice Springs (been here since Wednesday). first day off - will get a ride in then catch up on all that overdue work 
@badiniadones I had a tango lesson Thursday night! Jill laughed at me when I told her 
Husband just got back from Buffalo for a full week.  Has to leave again on Monday   Going to be a long week again with two kids.....
Kind of upset this girl at work took my hoodie by mistake now I have to wait till Monday to get it back. It's my favorite too 
Stoked to go see transformers but no one wants to go with me on Thursday nite cuz they are working or be cuz the think I'm a dork 
Dr.'s appointment on Wednesday. 
@kilometerzero sherrlene! I want to cry. My Friday was a mess. I swear. I'm ready to be scolded by Monday.  Hayy.. And dami pa ggwin. 
fell down concrete steps after a crazy nite of partying... my hand is killing me, x-ray Monday, ughhhhh broken/fractured hand  SUX
@placeboworld  that Saturday has ended and still no preordered boxed set nor delivery attempt. Hope online shop can locate on Monday.
@kissmykitty There's lots of errors. Only suggestion is use Get Satisfaction  But will get reply on Monday.
OMFSM!  It's supposed to be in the upper 90's much of this week   High of *98* Tuesday!  :'-(
@Shayded Scratch that for Tuesday &gt;&lt; Mom needs me to drive her to the doctor that day 
@GDGOfficial It's STILL raining there? I was there Monday-Wednesday and all it did was rain  It's 90 in Wisconsin, how crazy is that? lol
So, my shotgun style attention focus won again last night, so no MVC until Monday  Consolation is a nice new fully telerik app today
I think it's about time to go to bed. Summer school Monday  night Twitter !
Tml is Monday. 
My connection is still slow.. Seems it will be sorted only on Monday.. BSNL guys! 
Just finished late lunch @TGI Friday, not as good as it used to 
Thursday is the gay pride parade in Jerusalem and I can't make it... again. 
@kiyanwang I know  bastard looked smart though. God knows how I'll match him! Just look out for trampy goddess on Friday!
Oh no! The concert is on a Tuesday!  Can't watch. 
Back to Canberra for the night tomorrow. Exam Tuesday morning  One month of uni-free holidays after exam 
@DJFlyin sorry I missed your set on Thursday  we'll have to catch up soon as didn't see much of you in Spain
Woke up this morning &amp; thought it was Monday .. Tomorrow morning really will be Monday 
@Knittykim been better but was okay. Monday tomorrow.  hows your weekend so far Kimmy?
@Camille_san heyy can I borrow your pe shorts tomorrow and Tuesday fourth period? I can't find mine 
Massachusetts Girls State until Friday, I miss my other half already 
Unfortunately I'm on my own again...I've managed well so far-but it's now the long slog til Friday when Grace gets back 
Exam on Tuesday. I is studying 
 Tooth ache since Friday... hope I can see the dentist tomorrow...
Just woke up, and saying bye to everybody today before I leave to China on Monday morning 
checked in at Sheraton HCMC couple hours ago with different feeling as last time  looking forward for Friday already....
Metro Station played in Oslo on Friday and I missed it! 
@Cezza_B yes alls good thx had day off and had to prepare for my review on Thursday at work  least sun has been out..Enjoy
in OC til Wednesday. its raining now 
trying to find the RM location for Tuesday nite....have not been yet and really wana go 
We have the new Dear Hunter album in the store but I can't buy it till Tuesday. 
Laptop is completely dead. Monday video may or may not happen.  We'll see. -Jean
Looking forward to ABCs exclusive, biased Wednesday coverage of the Obama health plan 
@Jenn_Thorson between you and @JunkDrawer neither one of you had a good day Friday 
@Parasuram Monday Purples 
@bahamemo_Alison But im leaving until Wednesday in an hour 
@arnegreyling Good luck! Writing Economics 3 on Thursday 
Monday night, what to do ? I miss the frick out of Brenda  !
Busy Monday, 2:30pm and I still haven't grabbed lunch. 
Steak and red wine for dinner, mmm...makes up for a rubbish Monday in work 
Internet in the house is down  comcast can't fix it until Wednesday  that sucks... Panrea here I come lol
Migraine Monday! 
Stupid Monday 
with Monday's Depression... 
Busy weekend, and now a busy day.  Can't wait for the weekend... too bad its only Monday 
@wilsob01 I'm not going to be able to make it to the party Wednesday  I have a dentist appt. GROSS.
is coming home Friday night, indefinitely (but will probably be back in Arkansas after July 4th). This bodes poorly for my 30th birthday. 
Watched Greys and now I'm on to The Hills!!! Fun Monday night! T and J txt, although I think T is more interested than J!!  xoxoxx
Summer is so fucking boring except the night life ;) but no one parties on Monday  I realize this tweet mite sound gay but idgaf yafemme
Monday's are tough days. Early morning and i haveta leave my girl.  miss her already
Worked over almost 3 hours, now I've been stuck in traffic for the past 35 minutes. What a Monday 
@sharonsnest probably.  I did some weeding last Monday.  Doc said it could take a few days to show up.  
My house is boring, and there's no Degrassi until Friday 
Totally forgot about some other things I had to do at work. Doing it now.   I hate when that happens. #Monday
@lorinski Friday is demo day, I forgot! I need to be home.  I will need to be home for the remodel too. Check your weekend schedule for me
How is it possible that it will be 86 AND raining on Friday? 
&quot;can you believe Trump owns Monday night Raw and he made it commercial free tonight&quot;.......wow could the night get any better 
Wish I was in VA so I could go to Friday's at Sunset roun @zillz and Steven's way 
good morning....I am TIIIIRED today!  Hurry up Friday!!!!!!
@karacornflake Because Friday is end-of-year BBQ and the rest of my weekend is booked out solid 
Tomorrow, 11pm: driving to Berlin; Thursday, 4am: flying over to Turkey...exiteeeeeeed although I'm a sad 'cause I'll miss The Chicks 
@mimi_YJ where we goin on Thursday? im off friday but not sat 
Continually reminding myself that Chemistry is over on Thursday helps to ease my pain...then I remember that calculus runs until august 
@Chyna3y3s I know..... u stay in their ..LOL and I crash my car last Friday 
Last day with my family....they leave tomorrow  Then the in laws come to visit on Friday!!!! Busy busy.
It is my Birthday on Thursday, I will be 41 which is very depressing 
Surgery no 4 scheduled for Thursday 
Flying into Orlando Monday and flying out about 10 hours later.. 
Owen's gotta work Friday now... Total downer. 
Evansville EPA posts Ozone Alert for tomorrow, Wednesday, June 24. And so it begins.  #fb
Juuuuust waking up. Late again. But last night was super fun! I miss old friends. Lips gonna have to wait till Wednesday 
its only Tueday  
Disaster - can't book badminton court for Thursday lunch time. Even the other venue is fully booked 
@Ali_Sweeney I was so ticked yesterday when they cut into the middle of the show! And after a Friday cliffhanger. 
@tihawkins  I gotta wait until I get back to Atlanta on Friday.
Busted a tire on my way to work. Hoping to scratch together something to pay for it.  are you sure it's not Monday???
@marcod1419 Lucky you...  I finish next week on Tuesday.... 
@protegeimages yep the taste of Chicago starts Thursday, the day I'm leaving 
My new iPhone 3GS is in Anchorage Alaska. (finally made it to the US)  However they changed delivery date from Wednesday to Thursday. 
*deadpan* I get to wake up early on Thursday to try and see Transformers 2 in Imax. Joy. 
is stuck with a 3 page philosophy paper due Thursday ...:| Remind me again why on Earth did I take philosophy in summer 
She's coming back on Friday  but only for a few more days...then she's gone...for GOOD! 
Ended up in wrhetspoons for steak Tuesdays ( #follow JD Tuesday ??) cheap an not too cheerful 
I'm sooooooooo so so so so so sooooooo beyond jealous that Mackenzie gets to see @tyronewells in Kentucky on Friday!!!!   
Sick of waiting for my paycheck that was suppose to be mailed to me on Friday and still isn't here 
@SabLou Sad thing is I dont think I'll be in town, I'm leaving on Friday for a week! I thought it was for July 
Probably not going to Noah's Ark this Thursday. 
Of course the 1 day I wear flip flops and a tshirt to work, I meet the Mayor and pitch VINE-L Friday. I know how to make an impression 
It's not Friday?! OMG. 
Stupid express was cancelled I hate not getting a seat  it feels like Thursday!!!
was gonna see Jagged Edge on Thursday and now it's been cancelled 
My cousin can't go to Reno with us because she have to go to work on Monday  so we're going to take the Greyhound Bus on Sunday.
@danloveridge I must have done too many flight searches. I won't be allowed on again till Thursday Evening 
Aw, Mason leaves tomorrow..  He can't come with us to the movies Friday, aw !
@Iriem I think she is only in town until Thursday  Holler back @NicholasStevens !
I've been carrying around a dead baby and didn't know it for a month now. Group Health feels I can hold out another 2 days til Thursday. 
@lizzmilk Magic and video games with Zaph and David and whoever on Friday! 
@NickHexum Hope I can make it back on Monday 
Last Wednesday at DI before nationals... 
@bpb @craigtmackenzie @RyanBalfanz @jluebbert let it on the train to Bournemouth on Tuesday morning... 
@bpb @craigtmackenzie @RyanBalfanz @jluebbert left it on the train to Bournemouth on Tuesday morning...  less than 5 seconds ago
well - that's it - it's morning already... Can't believe that it's still only Thursday though 
Cant believe my poor lil puppy has to have surgery on Monday  I really hope it all goes ok...
It's Thurdays but it feels like Friday 
Oh yay  heat advisory extended to Friday. Yuck. http://plurk.com/p/13rwhr
@1OVEsays Still up, trying to enjoy the rest of my vacation. Back in the office Monday 
Waiting for the school to climb the hill and appear at Church for Thursday worship....but I still don't know what I'm going to say! 
Aww I was all excited about joining gym, but they closed early for renovations &amp; they're not open again till Monday! Sad face. 
Needs 400euro to go to Irish College....by Tuesday....realllllly wants to go 
yay.. warped tour Friday. but yeah that's not till 2more days .. anyways I have a LONG day ahead of me  I just wish I could lay in bed!
Last day of training in FL and heading back to Germany on Friday. 
@deborah91473 According to NWS, a hot &amp; humid air mass moves in late Friday nite. Last I heard temps (not Heat Index) on Sat over 100 
@ralenys She was at Stubbs in ATX on Tuesday night and I missed her too! 
To all that I need to ship stuff to,I dont think Ill get around to doing it till Monday  I know I said today but I dont think Ill have ...
I want to watch Across The Universe. I missed it last Friday on HBO! I wish they would increase the movie's showtime! 
@diannalouise Chill, we have this project on Monday eh. Really need to get the work done. I didn't even tell dad yet  I'll miss ya'll 
Super pissed that I work till 11 on Friday! 
@epiphanygirl has shouted every city  and town that she's been on tour to, but she was in Philly on Wednesday and we aint get no twit luv 
Bummer, my camera won't be here until Monday 
To all that I need to ship stuff to,I dont think Ill get around to doing it till Monday  I know I said today but I dont think Ill have ...
@D_Schaeff OMG well last Monday's episode they announced their divorce.. I actually was crying 
@KirstenDale  I hope you have a good evening and good luck with the assignment. See you Sunday/Wednesday then.
Last day of math class! ...till Monday. Boo. 
It's already Thursday! I don't want to leave Berkeley so soon...2 more days. 
Woke up so late that the mail was already here, which means no new Netflix movie til Monday---boo! 
Wishin Friday was here! my day off then i work saturday-friday 
Good morning to all followers. I wish you a nice Tuesday and good luck with your business. | Allen Verfolgern einen sonnigen Dienstag.  
OK bedtime for me...  We made it through another Monday!!!  YAY!!!  Night Tweets!    *poof*
@privatedoc sounds lovely. I'm heading to London on Thursday. Can't wait. 
I'm at the Trovus Tuesday breakfast, currently doing the meet an greet thing  http://www.trovus.co.uk/
Listening to music. Talking to the bestie. &amp;Making plans to see the HM movie this Friday 
only a short day week for me this week, i was off yesterday and then i am off to Wales on Thurday night to do some long distance cycling 
i'm working and playing very hard! looking fwd to Italia on Thursday 
Showcase Quick @ VIP romm on Thursday 
A day researching prices for a buffet Mrs CM is doing on Friday. Heard yesterday that the deal for our new shop is finally progressing 
Showcase Quick @ VIP room on Thursday 
@jackschofield recovering nicely thanks  Looking forward to kid's 18th birthday party on Thursday.
@gabysslave Morning! Yeah - big to do list today. But Tuesday already feeling much better than Monday 
We're playing HUB festival Saturday 23rd May if people wanna come down and check us out 
@salspizza You'll be fine. Just hang in there. Hope you can make it on Friday - the dogs will enjoy 
I cant wait for Good Thursday and Holy Friday 
Tuesday in the great metropolis of Hanover... what could be better 
Casual Tuesday again for train bf...he sat next to me today!! This has to mean I'm going to have a good day 
Remember Friday Specials ~ 50% off of any intuitive session booked on Friday ~ Twitter Friends only  http://bit.ly/aGk2B
Leaving for Florida today...back on Friday. 
Can't wait til Friday! 
@frankhamrick broke twitter on Monday - the real reason is was down during the game because he was stalking the UNC team 
Hopefully today will go by fast. Excited to go home Thursday 
It's Teaser Tuesday for me too http://kestrelrising.blogspot.com/ The Purgies are on fire today 
@destraynor You should have been at the Mobile Monday UX event last night 
The day is off to a much better start than yesterday. Of course, DP did the driving ... but still!  Looks like a happy sunshiny Tuesday.
interview Friday! providence for the summer with Kayla officially. all of this is gonna work out, I'm sure of it 
My client called me the Queen of Marvelous this morning! I think she just made my Tuesday. 
We'll be at Freebutt, Brighton Wednesday 8th April, at 8pm. Early we know, but then we can party afterwards 
Spent my Friday night cleaning.. and I'm perfectly fine with that. 
Waiting for the release of #Tweetie for mac on Monday. 
So 4/20 is on Monday......  And I dont work.....its soooo on in a major way  Wut yall up 2 on 4/20 twitter fam?
Oh great. No a/c in the house. &amp; it won't be fixed until Monday :/ Mall tomorrow  after work with the BFF! 
Pink on Monday 
Unplugging...my Tiradente's break starts now  Great weekend y'all! I get back on Wednesday.
@chiliad leaving CA Monday - driving for 3 days. 
@meganhilton 1 I've got 2 pairs  it was 2 for 1 - you'll see the intellectual Funmi on Monday  x
@Triona None, sorry. Mam went into hospital on Thursday, so he said he'll give them a ring next week 
@withloveroxy Tuesday. Call me later 
@hopeinhell brains r zombifried! Princess woke up every hour prob due to immun booster shot on Friday. I concur on the need 4 coffee! 
Hey! I know it's not exactly &quot;Follow Friday&quot;, but follow @peytiejane! She needs more followers. 
Hello tweeps! Its been a long weekend!  I'm ready for Monday  tomorrow I take yoga at lululemon can't wait!
@Pokinatcha Monday. Pls say a prayer. 
@tarcyavp I'm stoked! I see you guys here in Nashville on Tuesday. 
&quot;I haven't been pepper sprayed in an entire year.&quot; Line of the night.  Sleeping until, oh idk... Monday morning.  oh yeah, &amp; yay Chitown 
Bed time @ 3:30. I'm predicting death on Monday morning.  CAUSE I apparently suck at sleeping. Really.
getting ready for Danny's first gig at Middlesboro on Thursday 
Two hour driving lesson now  gonna be good I hope. Test is on Wednesday :o
nite twitters! See you tomorrow! Monday is going 2 be great, I can feel it! 
@stefantueshaus: stole my wallet in Friday commuter rush time, saw visa pin code while I bought my ticket.. Hope visa pays up. 
Is now tweeting from Adium thanks to @jaspertandy. This will then more than likely be replaced by tweetie on Monday 
@GentleSinner You gots histoire on a Monday? And thank you muchly  History is coming along nicely t'isn't it. Ha I sound British...
60% Coursework due on Thursday!  guess whos drinking Thursday Night?!?! THIS GUY!
Can't wait to see This Providence on Wednesday! 
@bikerbar Lovely. That weeping cherry's still a few days off its peak, isn't it? Should be glorious by Thursday. Nice. 
@SueMurphy Thank you for your very kind follow Friday and for your lovely tweet re migraine 
@ShawnNelson It sure would be easy for Apple to leave the system setup in same banquet room as the Red party on Wednesday. 
is juiced. seen Mos' opening show on Tuesday, and will soon be at his closing show this evening! 
Because I am a pastor, tonight is my Friday night.  it is nice to be home with such a hot wife (God is good!).
Wondering what Monday will bring  Missing my family in London
@collfosh YAY! I'm glad my AC loves me back!   That makes me so so so happy!!  Wish me luck SAT's tomorrow morning and Tuesday morning
two day week this one. Mozambique on Thursday for diving 
@janevans35 Yay! Payday for me too. Payday is up there with Friday as one of the best days. OK it eclipses Friday to be fair 
Monday, monday... only 3 days to Rome 
Smiling on Monday morning  Back to work now, lotta stuff to manage.
Monday morning already. Busy weekend with the in-laws and birthday celebrations. im pooped. to old for partying! 
Rock your body - to have fun..... No Monday's blue...  ? http://blip.fm/~4mioj
Justin timberlake on Wednesday so stoked!!!!! 
Monday monring. Going out for coffee. Sun is shining 
Best birthday weekend ever!  what a beautiful day it is today. Pink tonight, Barcelona on Wednesday!!
But Monday morning is no match for JoCo. In a much better mood after that walk in. 
Sun is shining from a bright sky. Seems it could end up being a great Monday after all  Spring is in the air....
Monday morning Wii Boxing champion. Up to a skill rating of 2413. Woo! 
@Meshel_Laurie I think we passed you @ Melbourne airport on Friday morning... 
@celcrisanto It was a Wednesday, dollface.. HAHAH. JK! 
@TerryFree Thank you for your message, it has made my crap Monday much better! 
@bexiclepop Muchos hugging has happened, and you'll get loads on Friday 
@angusjuliastone I am excited to see you guys at the Troubadour this Thursday!!! 
Is waiting for her prince charming in the adidas. RYLA was amazing. Dance on Friday 
It's Monday and I'm up and awake.   Working today and tomorrow and then I'm part time again!!!!!  Can't wait!
Marathon Monday means I don't have to work! Lot's of projects today 
By the way...that doesn't mean Mrs MEH has hit the bottle on a Monday night...she was just interested in Benedictine!! 
Monday morning energy  lvg SM and headed to EC 
Morning everyone! I'm at work already. Just another Manic Monday! 
what a start to a Monday! Rainy, morning run to catch train across busy street, helping older woman who fell on stairs #commuterlife 
good eve  http://plurk.com/p/p619u
@roberthruzek Morning Robert  Lot to get through this week... gearing up to leave for Sardinia a week on Thursday...
@mzzyun only in passing, I gotta get ready for work and don't have any shows from Friday to catch up on this AM 
@LivitLuvit I have my first ever TMI post ready to go for Thursday! 
@exterminis don't you mean HOORAY!!! It's Monday ?? 
@whatswithinu  You are welcome...enjoy your Monday   ~Mike
@Lieneuh I m in Rotterdam every Tuesday  http://tinyurl.com/dkltdt
Good Morning Tweets! Look out for BYL at the MRI Eastern Regional Conference this Thursday   www.bylcompanies.com
Getting everyone ready to get out of the house, except that noone will get out of bed!!  Welcome to Monday...  
All set to head to Richmond VA on Wednesday 
Hello everyone, are you glad that it's Monday morning? 
@lozdoz123 Mine went up on Friday morning, 
@DCxROCKS AIG sold preferred stock &amp; issued warrants to the government on Friday in exchange for $29.84 billion-&gt; this 1 goes out 2 you 
Monday, Lord help me see the good in this day too! 
Thank the lord for Monday morning teacher evals! 15 minute class 
@Tuxzek All for the bacon sandwiches! This year we're mainly doing Princes - Monday evenings are fab + Sat mornings will have a 5km race 
I'm already overheated and it's Monday! Mint Julep please 
@susan_adrian A happy Monday here--rainy, but going to lunch with the hubster will put a little Thai-flavored sunshine in my day. 
Soooo what will Monday, April 20th's day in history bring?  
Monday, Monday, la da, la da da da....at work! Happy 420 everyone! And I just put in my 2 wks notice! Up yours FPL! 
I will be posting my NY pics link on here late tonight (early Tuesday morning) for anyone to enjoy!  
@LaurenKrummel Tea was a fabulous choice this Monday morning 
Maille's Tuesday 
Good morning ya'all!  Mini Friday?  Not for me!  This *is* Friday for me!  Took Thursday+Friday as leave, so looooong weekend for me. 
I get more done @ 2am, than I do @ 2pm. Listening to Thursday, cleaning  my room &amp; thinkin'. 
@thevervekid thank you!! I have much to learn from you still ~  Please keep up your awesome work and vibe  cya again Friday !!
@RanaEr i might watch it with Elise on Friday night. then with my cousins and other friends on the weekend  advanced tickets? hmm...
@laura_eyedea Leaving home right now.  Working tomorrow and Thursday all day, though.
Now if I can only find my office garbage can...It was here yesterday. Ah yes, yesterday was Monday. TODAY is a TERRRRRRIFIC TUES. 
It is Tuesday... that much closer to Friday and seeing Wyonna Judd at our church   Rocking 
Another successful Taco Tuesday 
@TheRegularGuys is today a Tuna Tuesday?  
Monday favs a day late! Enjoy  http://tinyurl.com/cmtot9
4:11 AM Tuesday and still the thermometer on my balcony reads 76 !!! This is Huntington Harbour !!! Send us the chill !!!!  
Girls night Friday. Holla! 
@svusmile no precal till Monday! Prom prep 
@CFA_tweets Hi David, thanks for the Follow Friday. 
Watching Friday night House, repeats 
Hooray for Friday nights in! 
Wishing everyone a lovely Friday evening and a happy weekend! Namaste 
I find it very interesting how much Twitter changes come Friday 5pm. I like it 
@eliazarputera Thanks for the Follow Friday 
I mean on Monday but I guess that one Monday still makes sense lol Hehe my pic is all springy  Cause it is finally acting like spring haha
Bed I finally found you, I know 12 on a Friday night. I am lame, but so comfortable 
Lol At Cassadee from hey Monday's post, Aww. I love Grease and her              I don't care where we are or where we're headed to (8)
@MissXu Next Monday, I am sooooo diu/lan/gau'ing my friends 
@KarenMcLain thank you so much for the Follow Friday mention - appreciated 
@cwildman Thanks for the Follow Friday. 
@cloudberrynine   See you on Monday evening then?
@wolverine63 Thank you !  is it every Friday ? 
@GuyRipley Guy Ripley, you are my guy Friday. lol 
cheese on toast, football focus  .... looking forward to heading home to Brighton on Monday
@21stcenturyfox Thank you Megan you're pretty special too and will make sure I make time next Friday for my #ff list 
I think I'm a bit slow but someone please explain Follow Friday to me 
@EgoPimp Raining tomorrow, Monday lovely 
John CasaBlanca Graduation at 4:30.  Blood Donations Monday!.
I'm going on TOUR on Monday with TMG! Check out www.twilightmusicgirls.com for dates. 
I'm performing at Left Coast Live in downtown San Jose Friday May 15th with the Crew.  http://tinyurl.com/czn47n
@hawaiisummer That's right! I'll be back in Hawaii by next Thursday 
Big week ahead. Test Monday, Wednesday and two on Thursday. Prayers and good thoughts are needed 
Dr. on Monday...hopefully released for driving!  Bored sitting at home all day!
@buffyfest   What's the news on the #dollhouse front?  Am I saying goodbye forever next Friday?  D:
@johnnyrcooper so a lil birdie told me you will be in Midland Thursday 
is having a delicious cookie dough milkshake! Excited for Allison's performance on Tuesday 
@bryanflurry calling Trinoma and reserving tickets for Friday. 
Absolutely loved Friday's Dollhouse! WASH! 
Inserts ready to deliver to @mumsnightout for Friday night! Can't wait 
@blackphiber Thanks man for the info, but I have an internship with Worth Police Department starting Monday 
@rc_nsx Looks like Wednesday is a jammed packed day/night for you! I just remembered that in Templestowe there's a giant park there. 
Be good peeps, catch up with you guys when I am back on Thursday. Till then, have fun working while I go swimming with the fish 
Kept walking around Singapore today, and more to come tomorrow, and on Tuesday and even on the day of our flight! 
looking forward to prom this eve 
Hey Guys! I'm going to be on a radio show Tuesday night -- Plugging &amp;&amp; Live Blogging for @freshandfab .net 
Out of the 60 hours of this weekend (including Friday), I've slept for 32. I feel refreshed. 
Finally recovered from Friday night with Em and Damian... retail therapy in the 'Boro 
Props to my pops for scoring some Celtics tix for game 2 on Wednesday! 
Sun.3.May: I'm having Sunday and Monday off work (girlfriend's orders!) but please drop me an email and I'll be happy to reply shortly 
went to see hannah montana on Friday-Amazing 
Back again. Feeling a bit curious about this week. First Linux/Unix lessons on Monday till Wednesday, then perhaps a movie with Annette. 
so fucking stoked!!!!! Going to see @Sugarcult on Friday    
Went for a drive earlier with my dad. got my test on Wednesday and I am kind of bricking it.  I love Sundays
Lets hope that tomorrow (bank Holiday Monday) is a nice sunny day - get out in the garden to keep the lawn in TRIM  and get a great TAN?
finishing up some science! Can't wait for Tuesday! 
@giraffey_clh  SOLD!  any day next week but Monday 
relaxing @ home. Celebrity Apprentice tonight. So excited tomorrow is Monday and I don't have to go to class! 
Tuesday we @ &quot;13' for Mexican Day 
@neznarfa heck yes! We have to celebrate my Mexican heritage this Tuesday 
@Allyson13 I _will_ be borrowing your &quot;done&quot; stamp for an lj entry Tuesday night when I return home 
a headache &amp; a math final on Tuesday...wonderful!!  (but sarcasm makes everything better w/ a little dose of Tylenol &amp; some studyin!)
Finals next week then either staying at Hendrick or working in DC! Hoping cable lasts through Monday for all of my shows! 
Sitting here talking to my boyfriend who just got back into town today. Man, I missed him (even though he just left Wednesday)... 
3-0! Congrats Canes! Onto Raleigh on Wednesday with the series tied at 1-1!! 
@WhatsTheT @madkewl This happened Friday .. it was all on Twitter lol 
Gone fishing is tomorrow!  &amp; Drake is Friday!  i am in for such an amazing week!
@ksuyin It's a Monday. Try again tomorrow. 
@MonteCarloSS2k Gonna be positive that I'll be all fixed on Tuesday! 
Hope everyone had a good weekend!!Monday looms..have a good day tmr ...hope it is painfree for you and me  mondays suck lol..
Bank holiday Monday today. An extended weekend, just so happens I like working early weekends 
@girls_from_711 work till 10 tomorrow, I set Tuesday aside to do some promo/PR stuff I'm falling behind on, but you're welcome to stop by 
I got no Monday Blues 
@KrisAllenmusic Looking very forward to R&amp;R night! If I incessantly vote for you on Tuesday after the show, can I get a #followfriday? 
Monday, not going to work. Closing my door going to finish my assignments. @savitarani goodmorn  @d33pak opportunity to get a Blackberry
@positivemommies  we are currently 14 hours ahead of FL so monday evening here ~ Home time Yippeee ~ have an awesome Monday
@RealLamarOdom I hope you and the Lakers will get the W for Monday.  Keep up with your rebound and flashy attack Mr. Odom 
@720perth Lushy, can I tee up an interview for you with the MD of Sexpo for Friday? a nice English chap with a wry sense of humour 
I was crying all of Tuesday cos I find out! ;( .... Economics is offically my crying subject lol 
True to form, Bank Holiday Monday looks like it might be rainy. Hope it holds off til later, family&amp;friends plan walk and picnic today 
@ihatemornings great show on Friday champ. Enjoyed it 
I can't believe it's Monday already! A week in Vancouver already gone.. what a good weekend 
@Robviktum Warm and muggy after Tuesday possible t-storms, but not as widespread, possibly severe too 
loves it that the first Monday of May is a Bank Holiday!  http://plurk.com/p/roxar
@misskittymarie Same here - events + writing songs. But I just finished my TMNT vs MMPR song, so I'm excited to record that on Wednesday 
@dangriffey In France it was last Friday and also the coming one, we are working 
Cinema tonight  it is half the price on Monday ;)
Hope you all have a great Bank Holiday Monday! 
More big hair rock for bank holiday Monday always seems fitting IMO  ? http://blip.fm/~5jfuu
MORNING!!! Hope you all have a lovely holiday Monday whatever you are goin to be up to! 
Morning! Bank Holiday Monday and the sun has gone - typical! Hospital for knee at 2:30 and then training at 6. Another  bust day 
Done some positive affirmation now back to the Japanese yay for bank holiday Monday 
lm @ TGI Fridays on a Monday.. Hee hee! 
Namaste! Hooray for Monday! Undaunted by a 3am wakeup, I consider it is 9am in London and feel justified. Bright side to everything! 
Can't wait till Friday. Leave school at 10:15 and party at Manor Heath for the rest of the day 
Sitting here twittering~~up at 3 am yuk! I want some messages!  Blue Monday!!
@threefromleith Poor you. I'm off on Bank Holiday Monday today too 
Rose Romance is released here on Thursday, gonna get me some BPs 
Roll on Thursday 
Morning Twitterland! Countdown to TCI begins again... Will get through Monday to Wed. knowing that I'm outta here on Thursday! Woo hoo! 
In hysterics at Yaas' email &lt;3 Am writing a speech for Speakers' and doing Food Technology...damn it's good to be off school on a Monday 
Shopping. Cleaning. BMFing. Webcam chatting with nephews. Nothing spesh, but a good bank holiday Monday nonetheless 
@jgm22 Hoping you have some pics to share?- &amp; hoping your Monday am isn't too rough today 
Just got to school. Goin to Cinncinatti Wednesday! 
@jurgen If you see it at Nova on a Monday, tickets are only $8 
@smartinez I'll be at the new movie showing at the franklin on Thursday night.  several of the SLA faculty will be in attendance. 
Monday and I am at work and the legs are a still hurting a little! Smile 
Good morning tweeps! Monday got here way too soon! Hope you are having a good one, at least as good as it can get for a Monday 
@colinn And on Wednesday I'll get my government paycheck.  It's like we just swap money...
Mashup Monday! In honour of the swine flu hysteria  ? http://blip.fm/~5jnv2
I got a raise and praise!!!! Great way to start Monday off 
How is everyone on this fine Monday?   what is everyone's opinion of the new Wolverine movie?
Monday, Monday. Mr. Cade is home on the couch &amp; I have lots to do today!  
Time to get educated  Hope you all are off for a great start on this Monday morning 
Volunteering at Down Syndrome Indiana on Wednesday 
blerg, damn you Monday, why must you always come.  Decent weekend, new glasses, hair color and got carded at Gamestop = awesome ego boost 
@crobcary No, I'm working on it all day Monday. Will try to remember to email but if you're smart you'll remind me. 
It's official - Liberty Grand is my new fave reception venue... Will blog some shots Tuesday 
@joyntheir going to sleep, falling asleep at keyboard. Talk to Monday  take care! Hugs!
@defeated possibly! NyQuil will get me through tonight though  Doctors Monday! (I hope for the swine, just so I can be on google maps)..jk
Just Another Mobile Monday is back online. There's two days I'll never get back.     http://tinyurl.com/ra48ye (via @justamonday)
@ReeceReece Kind of, good job though.  I know no better.  I might see you this Friday w/ Arbie.  
@C_DIG up late again I see?  You missed a great time at Donny's birthday... remember to call him on Monday! 
@gentlerabbit Awesome!  I'm glad they didn't screw it up!  I'll let you know Monday where we are going to watch it. 
did ice skating last show part this morning. Mozart. awesome, can't wait to do it Friday and saturday. love U all 
counting down the days until Thursday  still can't believe I'm going to Egypt!!!
@thepixiepop Thanks you Sweetie! But instead of breakfast, you can take me to see #Star Trek on Monday or Wednesday 
@bevsss @maiasky Girls! Are we having dinner on Wednesday?? With Mels and Pews? 
@ElizaPatricia Dollhouse in Thursday FTW!! Other shows to compete with though but much better than Friday 
just finished baking 4 batches of cookies this morning. Total since Tuesday = 8 batches of early morning cookies.  
@littlemunchkin Yes it's been good! And I've not work until Tuesday so it's all good  Yourself?
Swine flu almost shifted, and work all finished. Tedious but constructive weekend. Apart from an excellent Friday night 
So nice to not have to think about school work anymore! I start work on Tuesday at 8am SHARP! 
can't wait to leave for California Tuesday morning   It's about time I see places that aren't in the south.
Amazing, amazing game! The second best I've ever been too ever right below game 6 of last year. Incredible win &amp; forced game 6 on Tuesday 
Studying (sort of) for my last final (Spanish). 10am final then meeting Bakhtiyar's family then home on Tuesday!!! I can't wait! 
@w105bda: Calm down. Its almost Monday 
@h_nesie @TheRealLadyP Thanks for the bday wishes but my bday is officially on Monday. May 11th! 
night night all, off to read a bit then dream a bit!  Hope everyone has an amazing Monday! 
ok, ok, ok, I really must get to bed...busy Monday am in a few hours as well as a very exciting week!! DON'T miss it!! 
@DavidVandenberg - Come down tomorrow  Wednesday is Social Media day at @Webciety #Cebit
Goodnight Monday  see you next week! ZZZzzZzzzz
Mavs pulled it off today..hopefully we can get another win on Wednesday! 
@AJ_DC I know! i miss seeing everyone!  i'm back next Wednesday, going to CA this Wednesday.  I'll tell the Pacific Ocean you say hi 
In ATLANTA now...... Kwiet Storm just got out of rehearsal for a show on Friday! About to go do what I do BEST.... &amp; chill with the FAM! 
@marcandrefleury Great game tonight!!! And thanks for the pic and autograph last Wednesday! 
Just about to book next Friday off for the Cambridge beer festival 
Merry Thursday Twitter! 
@mlebowski313 you @catalinaloves'ed me, but I didn't get any other msg  ??  How is life in NC?  Ready to fly on Friday?
@allendh Morning! Hope you will have a great Thursday. 
@shellpelley oh bless I'm looking forward to mine coming over from NZ next Thursday for same reasons 
@looby_loo  Morning to you too.  Nearly Friday 
It's Friday Eve, whoop! I've got that weekend feeling already 
thanx @thisisLF and @eye_an!!! Hope u guys can make it out on Friday 
Is going to see Angels and Demons on Friday 
I cannot wait till Friday night, Sisters of Sin are coming out to playyyyy!  
@fajarjasmin Thank you for replying and you are welcome. The same hope here!  Wish you &amp; your family a great Thursday evening!
@macjasp Holiday on a Thursday = Wierdo 
@iMarkWilliamson - very well thank you, we meet every Friday at 10am at the ICA in The Mall - all welcome 
The Veronicas Friday 22nd... got my ticket  now I have to ask my parents if i can go :/
@Miss_Friday all ready have one but thanks for the offer 
What a great Wednesday night. A fantastic Lost finale, and my 2 fave Idol contestants made the final 2. 
@D_Rox good morning! welcome to this Thankful Thursday 
@D_Rox good morning! welcome to this Thankful Thursday  http://ff.im/2SzfY
Can't wait for Monday Supernatural is on....mmmmm Dean  
Sister is coming over to watch kids Friday. Bought new tennis rackets last night so wife &amp; I can play tennis. Yay for couples recreation! 
Thursday today! That means Friday tomorrow, and ESC semifinal 2 toniiight  Go Azerbaijan!
@LittleOneSE umm this should probably say that your more excited to see me on Saturday then Jeff on Friday  jk Jeff
@jtimdodd did you quote me from the conference Tuesday on Twitter? HAHA that was funny, good times, good times! 
@Debbiedee5 Bingo doesn't start until 7 and that is on Tuesday. Quit trying to fool me!  
@decorandyouhr Woooohoooo!!  Excited for Tuesday already!  
@mybonescostme yes, yay for Thursday Morning.  I have a feeling today?s going to be a good day...
@nikkidang Will he still be there Monday? I wanna see the cuuuuutie!!!! 
in Friday's with @RosieIsVi0LeT love this girl so much 
@LilBunnicula Wanna V Mars it up on Monday? 
@_angeladp Ahahhh yeah like that!  I really don't want to do our presentation on Wednesday xP
@craigcoomans I forget it is your Monday!!  I will get there one day soon and hit you up, you are right in the action my Aussie bud! 
@hopperdoc I'm sorry to inform you that I will be going to Open Sesame with Helen on Friday. 
@donabogart Thank you very much for your lovely words on Friday, much appreciated!   #followfriday
@smsm1 and it appears my edits from Tuesday are now being rendered too; I guess someone fixed the problem; yay  #OSM
@Wossy ok of to the bookstore when I get back home on Tuesday.  I like goats so why not stare at them. LOL
@geoblogs - have just lost yr11/12 and yr13 go Friday - then things calm down &amp; I can concentrate on life and AST again!!! 
Hoping to get to stay in the UK...  will know Wednesday.
@megisthemaddest haha, ok.  14 times! wow, dedicated, I wish I could afford to go 14 times! I'm going to 2 in Perth, one this Friday 
@mileycyrus Aww,Wish you could greet me,It's my birthday on Monday 
is going Mersey Island on Tuesday woo 
says gud eve.  http://plurk.com/p/ucfow
@khairulnz I'm sure you can if you apply a month &amp; a half in advance. Apply on Monday! 1st to 4th of July 2009 
Booking midweek travel to Southampton. 11 hours on trains Wedensday/Thursday. Nice 
Finally got sleep! Birthday on Tuesday 
back from QVC-land...Friday's show is up on the web...http://bit.ly/15NXgx  loved getting a call from a happy 3 time buyer   
More than halfway through my OJT. I need to get my midpoint review papers passed by Tuesday. 
@cptkenz let's go to karaoke, this Thursday!  Jenny's goinggg. 
@q100wendy Fly safe smushie!!!  We will see you Friday when you get back 
is leavin Ada... :-/ Till Tuesday, then Ill b back! 
We haven't got school on Thursday and Friday, right?  Awesome! 
Love the weekends now that there's nothing hanging over my head for Monday! 
@tinadu Thursday's are wine tasting, but can get crowded.  Any other day of the week is nice to go too.  Up to y'all.  
about to get ready for work.. 2 more days to go, then Wednesday going to St. louis to Cardinals and Cubs game woohoo 
Yay, finally! Looking forward to Monday evening! 
@DeadEndGirl See you Tuesday. 
&quot;Mamma Mia&quot; on Tuesday and Wednesday 
In barrie til Monday; Hoping the weather is nice to go to Wasaga tomorrow; Home tomorrow night; 
recovering from a 10-year-old's sleepover and working on my keynote for Indianapolis on Tuesday night.  A woman's work is never done!  
working on Sunday so I can be ready for Monday. ...I'm thankful for Jamba juice and their matcha green tea drinks 
Monday Night Free Internet Mktg Conf call for Beginners ~9 pm EST~...join us!!   http://www.prowebsitemaker.com/conferencecall.html
had a great day! Looking forward to my busy Monday! 
DWTS Final is going to be OFF the HOOK !!! Can't wait till Monday 
@taylorswift13 I'm going to your concert on Friday at the Staples Center! I'm sure you're gonna rock! 
new bike [frame] ready. Spent my sunder PM to build it up. Looking forward to ride it next Thursday ! cannot wait 
Off to bed. Tomorrow is Monday...beginning of the week, let's make it a good one! Goodnight tweetpeeps! 
@kimishph Hindi ata eh, also, I didn't attend last Thursday, so not sure when their next show's gonna be 
@yangwong lol. I asked your friend if it was you but I wasn't sure. Next time your in on a Friday ask for Laura! 
Will be competing at Graham's Central Station Friday at 9ish!! 
forced by eve to do gpp now 
@davidbeking k - you tell 10 friends and I'll tell 10 friends and by Thursday (at the latest) you should pretty much OWN the internet 
@Mennard Ascension on Thusday, then kindergarten closed on Friday, Nick taking day off, as well. Good, ey? 
 @msteciuk It's Monday again. Time to wipe this smile off my face http://tr.im/lD71
I'm completely new to this. Day's been good for Monday Jen although feeling tired from a busy party weekend 
Monday Morning - off to work 
...just enough time to squeeze in a quick blog entry (tks to ctrl-C &amp; ctrl-V) before logging off...   ...TGI end of Monday!
Golden Monday  Markets hit UC !!
off to assess in Clapham!! HAve a good Monday!! 
Counting down the days... On Friday were leaving for NYC! 
Counting down the days... On Friday we're leaving for NYC! 
Counting down the days... On Friday we're leaving for NYC! 
This has been a veeeery slooooow Monday . . .  going home    Yee haaaaa
@atomicpoet Yes different people and a different world. Good Monday morning from  Scottsdale,AZ 
Finally its my Friday. I finally get my 2 days off from work. Time to relax and have some fun 
@Miss_Friday Thanks for the link ! 
Guess its never enough. Goodnight everyone  have a fun Monday!
@Vaalentia Lock, stock and three surgeries. Temporarily impaired  mobility sucks. G'luck with it. I'm good; majorly enjoying this Monday. 
Monday morning and back to work  Not to worry, bank holiday next Monday and off to Disneyland Paris with the family 
@SEGA are to VT-items going to be in the Free Friday-feature? 
Just Enjoying a cappucino in peace at Costa, haydock. Looking forward to another great Monday. 
Monday Monday tra la lala lala, a new start to another happy Your Mail week 
Monday morning and I have a PLAN!!!! Muhahahaaa!!! 
@Custardcuppcake No!! I wish it can be soon to Friday!!  Monday syndrome!! HA! HA! 
@seikatsu It's sunny, all right. At least in south and from time to time. Stay for a while, MailOnline promised 20 degrees by Friday 
It's a Manic Monday for me which is good, let's focus on things other than troubles 
says good morning on this marvelous Monday from SC!  http://plurk.com/p/uiq3e
Prague this Thursday! 
leaves for NY on Wednesday! I need to find time between work, sleep, and feeling sick to start packing! I can't wait to see my family. 
@scooby867 Morning  I'm good, well good for a Monday - how are you?
@AlanAlston hehe yeah, traffic is quite good  still good feedback though. Will have a post-mortem on Wednesday!
is soooo excited about going to wembley on BH Monday   
Monday morning IKEA shopping is so ... relaxing.  http://yfrog.com/16nlkj
Thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day.  Enjoy'n a great cup of Java before work...&quot;Just another manic Monday&quot; 
@Vampire_Hermes  lets see what happens Friday 
Listening to Eric Clapton to get in the mood for his concert in the RAH on Friday - I have tickets 
Another Monday Morning. Brightside is only 12 days left of school. 
@isacullen Mine's sent to Oxford so I'll have it on Thursday 
I'm waiting for Code Geass to come on and then Cowboy Bebop to round up a good Monday night 
So happy its Monday! Drinking OJ &amp; taking vitamins 
@paullyoung Tell them to let me back in on Tuesday 
@JustHarmless you sound WAY to chipper for a Monday morning.  channel some of that energy my way please!
Arriving at the ICA, feeling like it ought to be Friday. 
Monday morning again... wow what a short weekend...feels like I just left the school with Spring Fling 
@Jtf This smells like my Monday early morning trips for a week to Bendigo last year 
Katy Perry, Monday August 17th @ 8pm, $75 per ticket, standing only, at the Enmore Theatre. Presael Wednesday, general sale Friday. 
It's Monday morning... I'm at work, Glad to have a job!  But searching for the coffee pot! LOL LOL
Enjoying my Bergamot- stress relief aromatherapy patch- after all it is Monday~!! 
@sarahnewton Wednesday morning - get out the same day so it's not a major deal and Hubby is coming to hold my hand 
@Jentifa good morning to you as well! Hope you have an awesome Monday! 
[Utterli] http://bit.ly/10nVD1  Magic Monday: Ask and you shall receive  #MagicMonday
@nickhampshire @BeekGeek @HelpSaveBees Thank you all for the Friday follow! I'm back! Finally met a smart AOL tech that fixed my problem 
Ran 3.2 miles this morning (520 calories) on treadmill w/ old shoes, and I'm a night person! Pretty great start to an important Monday. 
Yes, it's Monday, but I'm glad it's a new week.  Clean slate, let's start fresh.  
@RickWDavies It's Monday.  Looking forward to it.
GOod Monday morning!  Ready for only 7 more days of school but might have to double up some to get done this week! 
Hello Monday 
School was boring. I just realized that it's my birthday on Thursday. Yey 
Super Monday Morn! 
Monday mornings, still feel like Mondays, but with the added benefit of being tired after a busy weekend of work, lol... 
@IngridHolliday you cant ask to get any sweeter. remember, it's not Miracle Monday 
@LucasCruikshank why Thursday? Fans gotta wait like 3 days  
#flylady using things I already have, so short grocery list this week, only 1 McDonald's night b/c of baseball game Friday 
Working in Photoshop for a new website design. Getting closer to sign off... A great way to start a Monday.  
I'm currently watching 'The Drowning Pool'... gotta love Paul Newman &amp; old movies... my way of coping with Monday!  x
Friday from the band Goldspot , awesome track 
Ah, a rainy Monday morning. Great. 
@benjaminbrum Wow great prices! Look forward to hearing your review on Thursday 
Merry Monday everyone. 
first call covered XML to X9.37 conversion .. next call will cover mobile banking technology ..  hm .. all this on a Monday morning? 
@scoutriggs Staying home today? You feeling okay? Last Monday of school. I should have skipped too!  Lucky!
I love MOndays I get to stay home &amp; do nothing....yay! every Pastor in America should have Monday off since you really work all weekend 
3 down....2 to go....Roll on Wednesday 
Goodmorning twitterers! It's mondaymorning wait the LAST Monday morning of the school year and i'm not tired!! 
@jiggleaud Morning Aud, I hope your Monday has been brilliant! 
Listing to Alt Nation, thining about the coldplay show on Thursday and working on a powerpoint!  Ducks are peeping in their eggs today! 
Today was the last Monday I'm going to awaken in Astoria... next Monday in Boston, the Monday following... IN LIC!  CANNOT WAIT!  
Top 10 tech toilets for your Monday morning!  http://tinyurl.com/p3royx
@TheRealJordin Gmorning Jordy. Hope u have a wonderful Monday  Brazilian kisses
Due to &quot;Victoria Day&quot; holiday all orders from Friday-Monday will go out a day later as postal services in Canada have the day off  Thx ~
Working on dis beautiful Monday in Bermuda 
Everyone leaves for DC on Wednesday... i'm staying home. me and Rich are partying while they're gone 
Monday is my day to relax while George is out of town. Looking forward to embarassing him on his birthday Thursday 
It's a beautiful Monday! Start it off right with Oatmeal 
Interview planned with referee Eric Braamhaar for  Monday afternoon  I'll start writing down some questions, does anyone else has some?
@walterlockhart brand &quot;Lockhart&quot; launches on twitter market  It's tie that does it; I tied one Friday for the 1st time in a yr I think!
@letter2twilight Thank you for making a craptastic Monday morning a little less craptastic! 
@pookchop season 5! you watch it too? on another note, may you gather lots of inspiration for your work til Friday. Cheers. 
Last day of work before Florida!!!  Anyone want to drive Ryan and me to the airport at like 4:30am on Wednesday?  
@kristenmarie02 PHEW  hope you have  great Monday!
Monday again! Thank goodness I have an amazing bf to wake up next to!  love you babe
It's Monday so bad moods likely in some. Approach all with kindness. Uplift others today. The world needs it. 
Music Monday is here pplz!!!! #musicmonday @blokbeeze good ish pplz!  www.myspace.com/blokbeeze
I meant DONUT and Starbucks - now I can start my Monday 
Monday and looking forward to working on my bidness...thank goodness somebody had a birthday...more margaritas tonight, thanks Mel 
Sending out + vibes  Media Monday! @TeamMarsPR @AmiaDrew @Vessel2219 @MeaganLyles @Ekiuwalovesyou @BigFanBase @ZenoJones @WEKetchum
working for a livin'!  Hope you all have a wonderful day...even though it's Monday! 
Thank god it's Friday, bring on the bank holiday festivities 
#Follow Friday People!! @lauragitt and @spurofmoment 
@possessed_angel Driving down late late tomorrow night (prob wont be there til 3AM?) and staying til Monday. 
@tom_howarth Got to love the May bank holiday's, Motorsport Monday for me 
cosy, cute Friday night in!  Noodle box, sushi maybe a movie. Ah heaven!
From Porn to Letterman all in a Thursday night 
dissapointed in new Enemey CD but can't wait to dance on their old tracks this Monday 
its gonna be a GREAT Friday!!! 
Another day in the books...got a second job interview on Monday! Gardening in the morning! 
A lovely sunny morning and it's Friday and it's a Bank Holiday weekend! Bliss! 
WAYHAY!!!  Off too see Nickelback in Glasgow tomorrow then going to Turkey on holiday on Monday for 1 week - happy days 
Follow Friday  @freemybrain @cdn @thylady @BSwafford @solessence @LifeCoachMaia @DujourMag @namralkeeg @diddius @joannab
One of my friends would say... Mr.Friday nice to meet you 
My Zoya Exchange polishes just shipped out! Should get them Wednesday. Can't wait. 
Mobile Monday Belfast is twittering 
ready and waiting to leave for Butlins. couldnt resist signing into twitter before i left. haha  byebyee until Monday!
I am tempted to write a Wikipedia entry on myself on Friday afternoon. 
I'm thinking of starting an Unfollow Friday on a few folks     Do you think it will be a new trend?
? ?????? ??????????!  ???????. Enjoy your Friday night! (dance) http://plurk.com/p/vfisu
Huzzah it's Friday....and a bank holiday weekend too!  Now I just need to persuade Nick to take me to see 'Angels &amp; Demons' #fb
My smile for the day  nothing like a bit of Chap-Hop on  a Friday  ? http://blip.fm/~6sx39
@tobiasfransson - Thanks for the Follow Friday love 
mmmm Boag's st george - it's quite nice!  Only cuz it's Friday arvo... 
A bit of Aretha Franklin for a Friday  ? http://blip.fm/~6sxrc
Gone campin and canoeing.. be home on Monday.. 
says good morning on this fabulous Friday from SC!  http://plurk.com/p/vfqv2
its fucking Friday  and I'm going over Ell's ))
It's Friday, the sun is shining and I have the day off. Life is good 
@tomesimpson well, good luck on your BIG Friday!! 
Steamy Friday! Follow them.. @tooonico @steph_davies  
Today in my city, Sydney plays a funky ditty. So so glad it's Friday 
Next Tuesday there will be another studio session to develop some interesting ideas: this time will be &quot;Emotions in Couples&quot; 
One of those things you find on a Friday that just makes link clicking worth it http://tinyurl.com/odz3bj Nice find @paulsunter 
It's Friday! An my class is having a Luau party at lunch. Too bad work implies a lack of drinks... 
Woo hoo! Friday   http://blip.fm/~6szv1
@Omnutia Tidy Friday.  I like that. 
says Great Friday to everyone! It's a holiday weekend  http://plurk.com/p/vg8lh
Still mum says we have a working test on Monday and she has entered both Graduate and Open ... hmmm ... could be fun!!! 
@ChubbyBanana Friday sucks (well, all rap does  LOL), but this is a better weekend song. http://bit.ly/w2FT8
@DigitalDiablo Yeay!Perfect choice for a Friday morning 
*Sigh* Friday, finally.  
@Saffy I gave you Friday love!  and it was before you just tweeted that! Ha!
Half day @ school today  then no school Monday 
@TJdaSportsGuy Chubby posted the &quot;Friday&quot; rap song 
TGIF ... Casual Friday ..yayyyy!!  And then a nice long weekend.  Who could ask for more? 
@dtapscott  LOVE the wikinomics site ... How could anyone not   Have a great Friday
@opethestylist welcome to Friday Ope! 
On bus...Friday morning..Library today 
@CRA1G I may celebrate memorial day today rather than Monday.  
it's Friday and it's warm and sunny we're driving into Queens in a few to pick up Nick for the weekend!!! Can't wait to see him! 
Eric It's Friday..mowin' Friday  (lovin' my new ramps too! thx Joe). http://ff.im/38K2d
@wangmo Thanks for the Follow Friday! 
good morning Angels ... muito charlie's Angels kkkk it's #Friday yeayyyy muita coisa pra resolver no office 
@Daibach98 happy Friday to you too, David! 
? @elafaki best song ever about Friday  http://tr.im/m5Eb
At work, wishing that I could be outside enjoying this beautiful weather. Thank goodness its Friday though... 
#FollowFriday @elocio ==&gt; most generous in giving Friday Love 
Beautiful Friday morning ! Going to go out and enjoy it to the fullest !  good day twits !
Fun Friday!  or so I hope anyway... 
So glad its Friday!!! Gonna have a great weekend. 
@SheiroQ Traveller tuned 2 months old on Thursday. I need to take new pictures.  He's getting so big! 
http://bit.ly/4y1Zze Manmohan's A team announced...... B team to follow on Tuesday 
TIGF!! WOOTWOOT! its Follow Friday too so i hope i get some more followers... 
@Clarissa326 no, it makes it Friday evening 
@Famous_Hayward @waltw LOL - nice catch Hayward!  On your toes this Friday morning - gonna be a good day for you I would think 
gMourning tWorld ..gotta make some big moves shortly &quot;World Domination&quot; Tuesday 
I don't care if Mondays blue. Tuesdays gray and Wednesday too. Thursday I don't care 'bout you. It's FRIDAY, I'm in love 
Follow Friday i think peple should follow me ill rock ur firday 
check out my 2nd single &quot;T.G.I.F&quot;   www.myspace.com/seangarrtechno  awesome song for going out on Friday night!!!  ENJOY!  
At lunch on Wednesday, manager mentioned the possibility of a team movie event to go see Terminator today. Hope it happens. 
#jaljeera can't beat #followfriday  More People know Friday than Jaljeera 
Absolutely beautiful today. Headed out to hit yard sales and run errands. Twitter people have a wonderful Friday. ;-D  
Gooooood morning  I'm gonna make it an easy Friday work day! Ps Gossip Fridays, huge party tonight at Nava Richmond Hill!!
Follow me, cos it's Friday and more importantly the weekend! 
YAY Friday! Relaxing, low key weekend planned 
Thank goodness it is finally Friday.  It is time for a #threedayweekend.  I do wish I could be at #bratfest in Madison, though.  
Hallelujah its Friday and a 3 day weekend  I am excited for adventures in store.
MsDiamondJ#Follow Friday!! @MissPurdiee , @missfree,, @NIYANA, @necolebitchie, @MissKeriBaby , @4everBrandy, @teemwilliams, @YoungRo 
Follow Friday: @awkwardfamily heaps funny 
working until 4:30 &gt; Prudence Island until Monday night 
@beezan Ah, so that means you've had your caffeine for the day...I'm just getting started! Hope you've had a lovely Friday, btw 
Rootbeer float day in Calculus on Tuesday 
#Follow Friday: @TGAband @TonyTGA @thisischroma @TheGoodnightJoe  
#Follow Friday: @windowsot thank you for shout out 
#Follow Friday wtf is that? lo I'm guessing this is it lol: @HumanCollective @GaxAngel @caffeinatedKiss @befosaur 
Isnt everyone happy today is Friday and the beginning of a 3 day Memorial weekend 
@shaunhey Haha, woo Friday and only 2 more half days Tues. and Wed. for me 
A happy Friday to all of you out there in the Twitterverse.  TGIF! 
Follow Friday @STManson, @RMurray89, @smithereenz, @fionapriestley, @peter433 follow these 
Friday night, Taco night! (And yeah, I already had dinner... It's more like a late lunch... But YAY for taco's 
hanging in Hawbaker's for study hall(: getting my sewing project next period, board game Friday and SSR after lunch 
Impact... Have a fun 3 day weekend! Cya on Tuesday!  
Sunshine, birds singing, it's another #Follow Friday! 
In from school now. Going to do a Follow Friday today 
Papa Roach is On Sac&amp;Co btw Tuesday! M-F 9-10am I'm hosting solo today www.sacandco.net and on 4 hours sleep 
@jimmyfallon I really, really hope @rebstew and I get to come see David Cook on your show Monday night!!!! 
Wish I could twitter what I was really thinking. Unfortunately, I think it's TMI.  aahh, Friday!!
It's Friday  #Follow Friday THKU @dancingqueen @teamwinnipeg @zup2u2 @PARKPLACEMTG @MATT_369 @valenzetti @Triplebeamsheme @annamartins
is with her best friend in NC until Tuesday 
overwhelming evening leads to early sleep &amp; oversleeping. it's Friday, though, &amp; the party's tonight. Come if you'd like. DM for details. 
@lisawood thank you...I believe what we focus on is what we get...have a Fantastic Friday just because u deserve to  w00t!
busy weekend....brother's graduation then off to Charleston  be back Monday!
Time to get to work.  It's Friday and I gets three days off. 
selling stuff like crazy...packing house to move- heading out to Memorial garage sales..back later for Follow Friday 
Since I missed #follow Friday last week, I will get this started shortly, not before I say Good Morning, let's have a wonderful Friday 
@tallredamanda Thanks for the Follow Friday! 
Follow Friday @tylermassey @mrsdarwin @AndrianHeath and @danielnylin (thank you!) if you want to make your world twitterific 
It's Follow Friday and I think you're all wonderful!  First 5 people to tell me what they're doing this holiday wknd I'll FF!    
is waiting to indulge in ????? on a quiet Friday midnight - and thinking if/when i move to Korea, i won't be able to stop watching TV! 
Follow Friday @nadia_alexis @Steve_Campbell @naturalworkz @theRealJPMorgan  thx
Off to school I go.. Thank god it's Friday! 
@CarissaRogers Leaving for Vegas on Monday for a few days, does that count?  
What a day!  It's Friday again!  The weekend should be full of spectacular suprises!  Love to you all!  
@Psychobel I find the Tuborg goes down a treat on a Friday aft. 
And I will also do my Friday Follows when I get back, have a good day and wish for us not to get into the rain, lol 
Leave for Victoria on Monday! 
@j3nnag lol ahh wish we'd drove past the G car. Mani bant. Vid shoot Thursday pass thru if u free? 
Not a really good Friday, but I'm grateful tho  Nite fellas!
@MediaVixen Yeah, sounds good. How about we meet  Monday or Tuesday after work? I can always meet you at Starbucks. 
IT'S FRIDAY!!!!!  &amp;  Monday is one of very few paid holidays I get!! &amp; my boss is making us omelettes 2day....I couldn't be happier! 
Thanks God is Friday. 
@technologyads ugh! I know the weather sucks! Thank you! I'll be there through Monday! 
@miraclelaurie Friday now = getting friends over for DH S1 on TiVo...building for S2 one new fan at a time 
#follow friday #ff @arleigh @weirdralph @Ponylipjes @PowerSellingMom @garret_carrot         Follow Friday veggie love 4U. 
Follow Friday @Reesie_101. 
Zipcar for Business: Monday's car cost us $75 rather than forking out $175 for the day with regular membership. We heart zipcar 
@annemoriarty - add us to that Ashburn list  our Arlington house goes on the market Thursday!
New Comics Thursday this week! Also Thursday? 7-9pm? Feltapalooza talent show auditions! Come on up if you've got talent! 
@Mr_Soft not now... Maybe... Friday night 
Yay, it's Wordless Wednesday again!  http://bit.ly/pa9av
@hostbaby Just had a great gig tonight... does Tuesday count for Memorial Day weekend?  
@DLWilsonsWorld  Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day.. didn't want to over do it, most gracious for the invite though 
I'm leaving now. See you all on Friday  Byeeeee loverrrrrrrrrrs! &lt;3
Watched jack johnsons son perform in their mayday last Friday..so cute!! Jack Johnson is so cool and down to earth 
had a really good cheer practice for Ike today!   Friends and Family night on Tuesday June 2nd! Its our show before we leave for camp! 
has an interview in the city on Thursday. PTL. 
@jordanknight I went to see you guys twice (one 5*) and will be seeing you again 5* next Thursday! And I'm following ALL of you  Love you!
@greatfitness Wow! thanks for the Tuesday ToFollows. Your tweets are valuable to me 
@matalatine Go back to sleep Mat, you have 2 days to go til Friday 
$170 for a full head of bleached foils and cut. That's suprisingly cheap. Will have lighter hair on Friday~ Yoshhhh. 
It is now Wednesday. Two more days til Friday!!! @Annie_Y thanks for stopping by today 
Thursday night.  BGT.  George Sampson.  yay 
Out to Micky's cause it's Thursday and I can't say no. 
says its never too early to have a slice of Nono's decadent chocolate cake. Finally feeling like it's Friday! 
@SunnyBuns  Glad you're excited about the update! It probably will be out around next Monday or Tuesday assuming Apple approves it.
Conan Monday. Conan Monday. CONAN MONDAY! 
Almost Friday!!! and going to work early tomorrow so I can leave early to catch the Yankee Indians game at the bar 
@GoCheeksGo haha well it's already technically Cheeky Friday for me so yay! 
@PerfectPlaces thanks Margret!  Nice to see you in the office on Monday 
@CCC6 Did you tell @wwweinman about  newbie call in Tuesday  #hhrs
is exhausted... Excited for Friday though 
@slapples yes luva. Tell Mimi her unc will be home Monday nite! 
Who wants to watch Up in 3D tomorrow (Friday) night? 
@ankitbathija Oiye sahib ji! Coolin... just about to wrap it before the Friday #frenzies begin 
A quick #Follow Friday @kickassmover he has a seminar tomorrow that you can sign up for if you're quick. crudelli.com  Be a ninja ;)
@Commander_Cool both me and  @AZDACKS birthdays is Friday so your early 
@d2zone Huhu..gonna give twitting a rest this next 2 days but will be back with full force next Monday 
@ChrisJakob I've been in Trondheim on a classtrip since Monday 
Blarg, I'm glad this week is nearly over. I hope everyone has a good Friday  Studying starts up this weekend... hooray LSAT. lol
Heading off to dreamland...been terribly busy day..more of the same tomorrow!  Hope you all have a fabulous Friday!  
Goodnight, just got off of the phone with jenn. &lt;3. Friday in 6 minutes! 
Party that starts at midnight!? Who needs sleep it's Friday morning 
@Serena_ss Thanks for the #Follow Friday mention 
it's Friday, sun is shining, it's hot. One problem....I'm at work!! Living for the weekend!! 
Pumped for Ottawa Monday till Thursday! Can't wait to see everyone 
@ vdsudeep  is looking for more blog posts on  http://bit.ly/fUDff  Mahalo, Sudeep should be up Friday  Aloha~
From Plymouth to goodbar to level to mcfaddens w @maloka... Hello Friday !! 
I'm feeling all Friday-ish in the lovely sunshine. Gym now, cocktails later 
GM.well we made it to friday, thank f*k..ill be out tonight: so girls are you ready?..lets have a FABO Friday. 
Vicky + Sunshine + FrankMusik + Friday = one happy bunny 
@GarethCliff I understand you'll be visiting us here in London very soon. Looking forward to partying with you on Wednesday Saffa Night! 
@br3nda Yes, I came to Opera on Friday, February 13 at 13:00 hours of this year 
ooh! just realised it's Follow Friday today!!! 
What an absolutely stunning day! Fantastic weather happy Friday all 
In Monday BDG great!! kiss ;*@ageediamond. This weekend spend at Niunia with Hanka 
@MichealAxelsen thanks for the tip! Enjoy your Friday night 
@agentgill No, thats the proposed date for the big launch, Go live is Monday! 
@Etherfiend Thank you! I'm going to have a look into it at the weekend so I might have to hassle you on Monday 
@Swizzlesqueak @ozazure ordered teething drops. Will be at mine on Monday to distribute. $20 each 
I'ma get you high today. Because it's Friday, you ain't got a job, and you ain't got shit to do!... Goodmorning 
Gloomy and raining in Ottawa, for third day running. Glad it is Friday 
AH, Friday. now to finish off this 2 day work week.  #FB
Getting ready to go see Disney's &quot;Up&quot; at the theater today with the kiddos!  Yay for Friday.  
