Most common words for this cluster:
[('money', 1216), ('cash', 102), ('dollars', 61), ('lol', 51), ('time', 45), ('today', 34), ('bills', 33), ('bucks', 33), ('spending', 32), ('pay', 31), ('food', 30), ('na', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'money', 0.8984109163284302), (u'monies', 0.6281054019927979), (u'dollars', 0.6241986155509949), (u'Speedo_Cavic', 0.6132184267044067), (u'political_consequence_Juakali', 0.6091621518135071), (u'laundered_DeGuerin', 0.6062307953834534), (u'cash', 0.605681836605072), (u'funds', 0.5973750948905945), (u'wages_Ecton', 0.5922175645828247), (u'Want_cheapskates', 0.5892124176025391)]





about to file taxes 
@adame ruddy money!! i like it!! still waiting here.... oh what a surprise... by state too?? hmmm....... seriously!! 
Where has all my money gone?! 
money isnt suppose to depress you 
@tommcfly have fun tom, i need to buy eclipse too but i have no money. sad timess 
is cleaning  wishing she could raise the rest of the money she needs for her wedding dress..
i think i over react when it comes to money... i really need to stop this obsession with saving it its not healthy 
So broke hate not having money 
i have no money left oh well i don't anything really!!  I can wait for 2 weeks unitl i get paied again.
i haven't done my taxes yet. 
The candy tricked us!!! It pulled us in with it's bright, happy colours then robbed us of all our money 
@APHood we may have voting power, but the lobbyist for the banks have the money power. And politicians ALWAYS usually go for the money! 
@RealHughJackman instead of giving to charity, give to individuals in need.  charities have too much overhead,it just goes 2 salaries. 
why is it when i want to buy things i have no money? 
@Erardo I actually saw it in the the book store at school when I had no money but when I went to look for it when I had money it was gone 
Wtf gas is over 2 dollars now 
@X__heyladyj lol yeah iv been thinking about it. probobly wount do it. dont have the money 
@teenymunchkins so I cd have saved the money and done it all within minutes all by myself ?!  
I want to go clothes shopping so bad, but no money to do so 
tired... so tired... tired of work... tired of life   in need of money or a long holiday on a beach 
A little depressed after finding out how much taxes i owe 
@poohbearsha damn i wish i could eat but i have no money!  y daddy y!
@Jesscaz @bazanna my susanna banana is going to dc polo w/out me  u better still have money2come here this summer. i planned some stuff ;)
so much for being money friendly on my vacation 
@euniqueflair But it's about $500.. I'm not sure if I can afford to spare that kind of money now. 
I wish I had money for that woot.  I will end up paying full price later.
@cheatar1 i talked about it though, i thought itd ring a bell  i wouldnt pay attention to me either lol. you could still follow her though
arggh i have no more money left on my itunes card  boo!
Ugh, thinking about money problems. You'd think i wouldn't have any cuz i have a job but ugh, that money goes fast 
needs more money 
i wish i got a loan today  or rather someone put a large amount of money into my account and never qanted it back
One of the machines took my money!!! 
@rockscottydont aaahhh!! i wish!!! i'm over budget already this paycheck though...so no gas to get therrre 
So hungry! I need to go grocery shopping, but my direct deposit got all fucked up so I have no moneys! 
they're singing a johnny cash song.. not sure of the title 
@LeanneJLewis when you cant find what you want. what you do want doesnt fit. when you dont have enough money  the list is endless..
i'm piss that every thing is always about money......... The kids should matter first 
I want to go to the video shop and pass out sick watching movies. But alas, no money 
waiting for my ebay item s to finish, haven't made much cash though  
Needs a money tree!! 
@DelphaForce I thought I forwarded you the confirmation. It's on the website if not. Just went to get cash &amp; it hurt. No more fun for me 
I want to go but I need money  http://worship.cfni.org/
@liesforliars yeah, wouldnt be so bad if i was making extra money, but its just to pay the bills right now. 
@wengster: Have to pay by cash, right? 
@ryantiet yeah, if only I had the money.  This may have to wait until later. 
@fubar69 I need money too 
losing money in poker 
can't believe how much money i spent in london. @nicoledegroot @danaschurer so gutted that @rachaelcrowe isn't coming tonight 
what started as a lovely morning as turned into one filled with tripe. money is stupid 
@sairam2000 I see... who pumps in money for that party? I'm so outdated... 
I wish I had the money to buy all the pretty dresses I try on! 
Oh so tired school and work is a pain in the butt. no partying for me for the next two weeks have to save my money 
It's dead right now in the cabbie world.  I want some fast cash... It's my money and I want it now!!!
@hollybowker  not that i'm aware of...  money is quite tight for me at the mo
@chrisaffair ah totally wish I was there to go hang with you but I had no money for tixs  hope you have tons of fun though.C U 2night =]
cannot stand that i'm wide awake @ 4am stressing about money. trying to eliminate unnecessary bills but not having luck. 
Please, what method/tools you you use to organize your personal finance? It seems my money keeps vanishing 
Aaarrrrgh..... forgot to cancle my subscription now survey monkey's taken my money again 
@buntyman i didn't really have the money... if this was next month then yes but alas no 
lost all her money chips playing poker 
@PaigeXc I have no money or companions 
U know your in love when U go 2 get money from the cash machine only 2 find U dont have any b/c the girlfriend has taken it all &amp; U smile 
@CrashLiverar well i will say you have me beat there    but  you make the big money mister distrubution guy
needs money 
@radioguinea Yes, it does. That's when you realize you have no money 
500bucks spent that I didn't want to spend... 
No megamillions 
@owlie me too  i haven't had dim sum in so long!
tryna bydget the money that i don't have 
apt-get remove money 
@emo_kat15: I have 60 bucks..... I REALLY need 200!!       Why is earning money so hard!?!?!?!
@AndrewQ80 I tried that a few years back. Money ran out :as did my flatmates patience 
Spend all this money on the gymnasium, yet I never go 
#flylady drats! forgot to take the meat out of the freezer, now we have to figure something else out for dinner  means spending more money
@joanteh hey i've read you're supporting invisible children. me too! i wanna buy a bracelet but i still don't have enough money 
Working on my day off  meh, more money towards my macBook
@histapleface so i was all like  but i dont see why i cant, if i have money to but them anyways, and shes like. i said no  ill go anyway
i wish i had an endless supply of money to go on a non-stop shopping spree 
no money no fun!  have to wait 'til wednesday!
literally think ill have to wait till next weekend to get more money now! 
@tommcfly the merch looks amazing this year! just a shame i havent got any money at all   x
@newsnbuzz thanks for asking brother, i think i am alright now.. my dad somehow convinced them but i have to pay them more of money.. 
@olivijavan babe! I miss you too I know I want to see you like right now! well at the moment im not being rostered so I have no money 
@gewoonlianne I'm not sure I know anyone who wouldn't have to save money to buy any of those books 
stressing over not having spending money when i head to western australia 
@monkey29992 nothing. I dont have enough money anyway 
@gryffindorgal87 I hope you get the money sorted out  It would be a shame for you to miss LeakyCon &lt;3
I want to stay home reading and making pictures, but instead I have to get out to make money... How sad 
Why cant the money fairy bring me some?   - tweeted from  www.boffer.co.uk
I want to travel!! I wish I had money. 
@DreCC Money will kill that son of a bitch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It's not gonna happen though 
@VERSEALL ironically the more money I earn the less I have. All I do is pay my childcare bill 
Maybe I should use the money on other things instead.  I really want a dress though...
Desperately wanting to go shopping. Except.. don't feel like seeing all my money go down the drain  AIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
@medievalcute aww i'm sorry you don't feel very happy  but cash cash are coming back to columbia, maybe that'll cheer you up a bit?
~thinks touchscreen phones is a waste of money..  
@HidingEsther blah I wish!  im 80 percent sure I cant go..but we'll see! I thought I would have more funds leftover..bleh ;(
@seandunlopWTW all time low are I'm the new blunt mag I bought the normal one not the posters cos didn't have enough money 
@gabbyindie he'd better! They cost me a lot of money. 
I have no will power as it comes to loosing wait and spending money 
Just found out it's a bank holiday today - no money, no library for computer access...it's official, god hates me 
had a damn cash cash dream. it was goood. 
@Peulo level 8...  I'm running out of money..
@wizardgold yep, but the money i was expecting didnt come in so i have an overdraft to pay off first  what are you doing with your day?
wants some money  &amp; to be driven home. and is apparantly going to get neither.
@gibsondm are they being hacked w/the weird mailers out to everyone asking for money b/c they're stranded in africa? I've gotten those 
@elsiecake can you make one more 50 things kit for me? :p jk - i finally get the money and its sold out  lol
Cracker barrel. No moneys 
I love working on Sundays!  I just wish I could get to my money. 
Oh bummer  but at least you mafe more money than you would have!
Hot topic is my favorite store ever! To bad i dont have money. 
wishes she had money to go get toms shoes. 
@queenbmakeup your flyers are amazing! wish I could do that. i got lots to buy but noo money.  so sad.
Gambling @ venetian....lost money, again!!!! 
i can hear the cuckoo constantly screaming ... and i don't have money in my pocket 
@allycp the greasy man is a jerk. a misunderstanding got out of proportion and i don't give my money to bad businesses. sad but true 
money is such an issue with me right now... i can't afford anything its so embarrasing 
@chromette no, not yet. I told her I'd get her something soon, I just don't have the money right now. I feel bad about it. 
my remix of busta rhymes-gettin arab money aka getting asian money , was offensive to becky 
the drinks machine just ate my money and didn't deliver the goods!  not cool...
@daveolah If I had the money, I'd do it in a heartbeat. 
well today that interview was kind of a waste of time  .. oh well at least i know what there all about ..Money .lOl
found the hottest jacket ever but its $1500 dollars    need to start saving
I really, REALLY wish I had money to buy books. 
@sandrapohan i gots no cash wit me 
@KimSherrell got scammed on the web and now I'm trying to get my money back! 
@an0key ha ha. Thanks, tisn't that i need the money, it's the principle of a new employer not paying me!! 
is hoping she doesnt spend more than twenty dollars tonight shopping 
says i want to watch the david cook &amp; archuleta concert. but i don't have money (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/tpu6n
i hope i able to watch the concert of david archuleta and david cook but i dont have a sufficient money. . i cannot afford it. . 
@drunkenmonkey87 The last time i was in there, I spent the last of my money on a muffin and then i dropped it 
@severanc3 Was thinking about it but no way would i give my money to O2 
likes movies... but they cost money 
@archuphils they have teh money!!! hahaha!! 
It's lunchtime but i have no money so that means no food 
@nadie20  i could probally find money... but i cant go to london on my won 
It's amazing how companies take your money (card etc.) in  a second but it takes them days to weeks to refund you.  
@getsomelikewhoa hahaha, damn! i cant make it out, I lost my spending cash for tonight, i don't even have the five bucks to get in  balls
rays game was good... I spent to much money though 
needs to find money to actually go out tomorrowwww. ughhh. i need drinks &amp; fun!! i hate being broke 
i need money, i have to buy new clothes   $$$$$
@licokitty ive gone thru 90..75 of seans..i have no more monies 
going to work rather sucks  but i need the money.
@eatyourfeelings; I'm more or less stuck in hibernation until I get a job. No money to get into the city 
i need more money. i'm flat broke  http://tumblr.com/xou1svk1q
finally on the ox tube home,delayed as holiday quest for cash continues as none of notting hill atms seem to want to give me cash either 
I hate sephora. I spend way too much money there 
I would pay generous amounts of money to get a good night's sleep... 
Wishes he had more money to buy wine with 
can we stop having such random results at DTS, costing me money 
@brampitoyo - ZOMFG. @portlandpolice certainly must have a better use of taxpayer $ than incarcerating a #typenerd.?!?    
@infectedboot: But all the 360 games that come out that I want also come out for the computer. And I don't have money for 360  /excuses
@klhobbs21: well i'm just making sure if that had happened to be the money. Lol but that really does suck. 
Now going to B&amp;H! I've been wanting to go for forever...sucks I have no money. 
cancelled my trip to l.a.... not enough money.... 
@sadknob  as my biz takes off and I get more clients, I make more money, but more time away from kids 
@pinkfan09 just need to win lots of money first  hahaha
I wish i still had my money to buy my memory card..... 
wishes she was getting K-RUDDS money... but she isnt  coz i wasnt 18 last financial year... hook me up krudd! make an exeption!
playing scrabble for money with mommy! lol she's wooping me, lost 40 bucks in first round haha 
Money comes and goes so fast 
@droverz  now thats committed!! i cant afford more than 1 show this year  stupid financial crisis. wish i got k rudd money!!!
The dreaded headphone cable just snapped... terrible timing, just as I'm about to abstain from money and all forms of trade 
goodbye lasalle, hullo mdis. oh no, good bye to money too, hullo to endless begging for money. sigh 
@TaraMadsen nope, I have yet to take it anywhere! I haven't got any money 
Working overtime without extra money. 
@Luvschweetheart tell me about it. dh is srsly pissed off especially  more money we could do without spending on repair
ARRGGGHHHH I have loaddss of birthday money but I have no idea what to spend it on 
last night I was looking for some international 'game design' courses. I would like to have money for them 
@richard4481 damn i wish i could of gone but i dont even have enough money for the train 
@cyborgfranky  sorry, we were looking forward to it. Not enough advance tickets sold means that the promoter was worried he'd loose money
What? They still require money to use golf courses?  Off to work I go...
who watches the watchdog? currently working with an ombudsman that is pissing money down the drain hand over fist, im horrified 
great. My online savings bank changed names and my budget software can't find my monies 
is out of funding 
@wesplaton yeah...proprietary sucks....its just a greedy money making scheme by the big companies 
I think home payments (rent, taxes, utils) should not be %50 income. I cant live on my own like that.  @848 #chicago
@Wenchy  Issues with ex and money and house transfer. 
@chrishumphries That sucks!  I think some banks take the larger amounts out first, no matter what order you purchased the items 
@ashleyobvs he plays this game,i dunno the name, but i we kept playing til all our money was in waps pile  bitch lost like 15 bucks to him
is bummed his cash strapped situation has forced him to be grounded and not in brak 
Getting ready seeing a pulmonogist (again),hope I don't hv to stay in the hospital.don't want to waste money there 
@sleepydumpling my parents and I are going to see her at the hospital on money. so sad 
@NicolaHerbert  .... the crisis is guilty for you not having your money now !
will sum1 plz give me sum money lol haha 
midnight last night - money goes into my account.... midday today money goes out of my account 
@gryphusnick @CruciFire I wish it was super moolah, but superMooha is apparently all I can possibly get 
@shaunjumpnow oh me tooo  id pay like 40 bucks for that book pete is epic.
i put money in the wrong machine in work lol lucky the guy gave the money back  oops
@robertsammons that would require money, rob 
@christooopher teach me how to earn money from there?  gimmmmeeeee..
good morning, another fantastic drive to canyon is in order... i love giving money away. 
. im going to spend my money again 
Making the benjamins... Only small amount of benjamins bc my job is dookie... 
i will never complain abt working too much now. i'm cutting into my refund check money 
@ashleej47 No.  I can try selling some old prescription drugs for money.
@schpooner yeah, sorry but my company lost the contract... A lot of us lost out on our vacation time  and money. That's why I am coming...
@suttam loan shark nahin ...almost election promises ki taara money ledn kar raha hoon  exhausted all my savings in the bargain
Thinking I am making a big mistake just to help pay my bills. 
@mergirlx sob  I would pay for your airfare if I had any money, haha.
@Kibbygirl80 aww hun i totatally know how you feel!  we still havent paid may rent=/ we finally got the money order together
boredddddddddddd.  i need money for beer. 
need to start cleaning my room. or no money for buffalo exchange 
haha I know! my broke ass had no gas, if I drove to santa anita and back my money would go to gas and I'd have no money for food 
@JiunweiC how much is it for ingredients? I have mismatched chairs and tables. I hate wasting money on mismatched furniture 
 My only source of income is chinese new year and birthday money.
@DawnNicole_xo I'm good with money, but I don't have any to really speak of atm.  LOL!
The more I hang around naperville the quicker I spend money 
wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio 
this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue 
Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress. 
Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it wealthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it worthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
@shaundiviney i got a messgae but it didnt work cause i have a text saver not like money credit  im sad now. wat do i do?? xoxo
wondering where all the money i earnt this financial year has gone... i can account for like 3 grand but wheres the rest 
... need retail therapy, bad. AHHH.....gimme money geebus 
@ErikVeland i'm not in the best financial situation myself at the moment. i'm beyond broke. my money is spend as soon as i earn it atm 
wished didnt spend money last night 
@FuschiaFoot sold, so i hit cash and just took the tax out of my tips. but then my drawer ended up being 5 dollars short  idk if its cause
why did last.fm wanted money from me to listen to my radios 
@hillaryohara because I couldn't get the money to mikey in time.  trust me. It makes me sad too.
@sallyinnorfolk I have to spend lots of  our money on a new boiler...great!!! Not so lucky hey 
That damn money sign. Ugh. 
need to go to work soonish but i really dont want to  also trying to save money... life is fab (not)
i really want to see cash cash again 
Just paid my bills now I have no money 
what up world im just chillin, bout to go get this money!! But in this economy no money is easy money anymore 
all cash  and looking for trades...can't find any 
heading to the dmv to pay them my hard-earned money 
wants to set up a coffee shop, but he has no money to do it 
has the urge to go shopping.hmmm but i've got no money,how? 
@iamdiddy me because I might not have enough money for college!!! 
watching my ard earn money dissapear. 
Why are money problems so bad these days 
@jpaola no money no honey! hehe too soon  sorry
@RyanSchartz gah! no money..... at least not for bakugan 
I really want a milkshake. I have no money. 
@Secretfriend3 I sure hope so but I might spend all my shopping money today. 
@DebiLayne i know!! No money for pedicures!! 
@SteamPowered damn, so many good deals...you guys have a conspiracy to steal all my money 
hates not having money  roll on payday!
@sneadles What a great picture!  We won tons of money that day.  (       )
@ausaudriel no money atm, plus I did that trial so I don't know if it would let me play without buying that new exp 
Why do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair, the second i get them they're gone! 
@Goatzilla  im not that good yet, my parents still buy me clothes and stuff when i need them &gt;_&gt; but i dont get pocket money anymore 
@saryros haha.. yes, i'm jealous! i don't have money to do all that! 
@NBkorey Spoofcards cost money  I need to make my 5 free minutes last! Thanks buddy
@heyagainlando Their inability to manage money, tough job market, and they're getting behind on bills. This is why no savings is bad 
@leischen1shows always come up when we have the money least, it's the rotten law of averages 
@TrillMill I need to go shopping with you...but I need to save my money 
@mitchelmusso I aint got no money to buy any cred to call u  and am in lONDON
just spent way too much money. . . On organic shampoo 
too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub? 
@mralphafreak seems like working.. rofl - sadly money is not growing on a tree 
hopes whoever stole my purse and money gets what is coming to them 
i want to go out tonight, but i ain't go no money and no one to go with   any takers???
@MariahHoneyLee money! is my biggest weakness  but its all gravy
@jessiiccaa idk bb. i had to borrow money to get by this week 
i need a new membership cuz i'm tired of looking at the same ole linearts ...  if only i had money lol
@amhartnett Yes, it's absurd to think they would see it as a negative. I can't imagine any charity turning down funding these days! 
This kitty is going to drive my funds into the ground!  tomorrow I call the vet!
Just lost tons of money at tha meadows. 
i official have an addiction to spending money on books.  im about to buy 2, &amp; i have about 8 at home that i have yet to read 
@CydKidd LOL I want sum now 
400 dollars to go to cali to see @drinkoj 
@therealdjjelly has no dunk ryders, young cash, or bizzle...  ...atleast hes taking it back, not all futuristic.
@ddlovato awww madison   i feel like they shouldnt bug kids...until they're old enuf to cash their paychecks they should b offlimits
@JennyGPA still a lot of money though 
money flies  wtf
@CPaladino do u like infamous ? I rented a copy as not enough cash to buy 
the auction was fun.my money flew like that  haha.but its worth it,for a good friend.
i want sheer colour!!! i wish i had money but i gotta pay for my drivers liscence and i booked the next 3 weeks off work for schoolll 
i want sheer cover!!! i wish i had money but i gotta pay for my drivers liscence and i booked the next 3 weeks off work for schoolll 
I have to stop spending money  why is everything so dam important? I think its rude and it should stop it
browsing the internet wishing i had money to buy myself some new clothes 
we all pay 
@leenkwan I know, I've spent too much money lately, rather than saving it up for my car  That's why no more shopping for 1 month!!!
Is slowly losing his money in poker.... 
I NEED an icecream but I have no money 
why the hell doesn't anyone in cash cash have twitter? 
Out of gasoline n I didn't bring enough money. Now I'm trapped in traffic n juz keep prayin that I'll be home soon without any disruption 
@redtingle Yay! and I can't they'll take my paycheck with them 
@reneebradford yes I just don't have to money or the extra time for him  it's very sad!!
Working!!! (In saturday.... yei, i know that is bad  but what can i do.... xD i need money!!!)
@PamelaKKinney I hear you on the money thing. 
@CrimsonLine you know... budget, and being all responsible with money and all.  they decided not to do the streaming    /tear
i need to learn how to manage my money becuz sometimes i buy crap that i reeaaaly dont need...like yesterday i bought all this junk food 
@Elliethinks i wish i done that, but i had like no money, and left my cash card at home 
Pissed I cannot find my kohls cash!!! 
Home. I don't have to babysit anymoreeeee.  I needed the money.
so i dont burn or tan. instead i come out with BILLIONS AND BILLIONS OF FRECKLES 
carroll university is stealing all my money 
My mom just threw a wad of cash at me. Too bad it contained singles. 
@amskiwankanobe cheer up ... you'll have money ... i kno how you feel tho ...ive bin at work since 8 
I spent too much money this afternoon 
I need to practice this one act of kindness but i need more money 
@mexber took me a bit to figure it out too. I turned off most of the notifications so I'll likely lag behind in money I could earn 
@shanisrad ok..  i'm scared lol. i have to see if my mom will give me money for tonite(like a baby) i spent whatver money i had last night
i get my license and plates pulled the next time this sherriff sees me if i dont get everything up to date but its money i dont have 
Trying to raise money to purchase something new . I don't want to sell any stock 
@Chelseeyuh but....but....ok  can I borrow some money at least to buy my own?
cindy! I have no money for morongo  haha.
@LorenYxox Aww  you never know, sum1 might like u!!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@TobyWanKenoby because weekeneds, ewh  oh well make that money so we can hit up dollar tree..
@markhoppus  its so lame i cant go to your shows cus  i havent got enough money and my parents said its a waste of money  i wanna go!
gigging all day, too bad I already owe all the money I'm making 
@askyese me no wanna spend monies  what can we do??
@Whiskeypete save ur money broski, srsly 
@robinkurz oh well that's good. i mean, you would have still gotten your money back but still 
I hate going to the mall when i don't have money 
dang it. harry potter tickets are on sale. i have no money 
Naturally, everything I want off of there costs money 
@b_club Because capitalism doesn't consider these people to be heroes.   They don't make any money for the system.
awesome game.  I need to buy some domain names but have no money  hopefully soon
@kirstiealley glad to here you reached your goal. Money is really tight, wondering what activities to cut for summer with kids 
@fortheravers Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
@lemonkey he had a turn for the worse and had to go into surgery this morning  But almost a million dollars raised for him!
needs more cash! 
hating the lack of money and having to write up budgets a million times over. wish i had 10 grand 
Looking at my bank account. I need to stop spending so much money! All that hard work invested into stupid stuff! 
Annnd totally in the negative moneys.  I wish it were pay week. 
#spymaster gimme free money i only have 17 
@urbanfly im trying to play this #spymaster but i dont have any money to start with 
is listening to we the kings &amp; cash cash   omggg i love them &lt;3 haha  i wanna see them live again  haha come back to portsmouth pleasee
stoked for the nothing personal presale on glamour kills. i think i need more money though 
needs to make money fast. but how ? 
I reallllyyy want lady gagas new album. no money though 
if I didn't need the money so bad; I'd call out ina heartbeat. 
Working 2 jobs doesn't give me enough time to spend my money  http://myloc.me/2bQ3
@silentangst oh i've seen that ad. i obviously didn't pay enough attention when my computer worked though  mum gave me that money btw -
@hiddenmyst oh i've seen that ad. i obviously didn't pay enough attention when my computer worked though  mum gave me that money btw -
i need millions of fags 
@remmulpaidualc ohh that would be well good but i have noo money 
@planker1 @wsbsteven I'll be heading up there tomorrow I guess, I could use all the money I can get.. single income suxors 
Getting really annoyed and worried that i've got no money for mcfly tickets!  
no strip club and no money 
did you know that its not 5 dollars for a hot n ready now. its 6 
needs new pumps, shorts and i want one of those golfyoldmenytypy hats from h+m but i just gave my mum all my left over money for sims 3 
Benefit of using cash everywhere you go: no chance of being accidentally charged twice on your check card. 
@chawesome let's go when my cash flow comes in. haha i'll let you know, i still haven't gotten my check. 
@hot_on_a_dime If only! I miss all of you 
my hearts hurting heavily now... it sucks when those you love are so far away. if money wasn't an issue id go see grandma right now...  
Just got done gettin my nails done french tip 30 dollars but the fill in is 15 dollars an I hav 2 pay 
Wishing I had money to take my girlfriend out to the movies with my brothers and I... But alas, I cannot even afford a ticket for myself. 
@bent_hamm ow... all my money 
Fucking aspca commercials that make me want to send money i dont actually have 
dirty sexy money finale wasn't as good as i hoped 
@lizluvsJK oh, i wish i was going to a meet and greet...couldn't talk myself into spending the money 
i want to go see wicked  But i don't have the money to go.
sorry i dont have any money 
We only made 10bucks in tips 
@malapropisms still packing... Then shower. Then maybe. But I have no money for it. 
just found out that i am not eligible for funding  wwwwhhhhyyyy
had to return kingdom hearts because the disk wouldn't play.  at least i got my monies back!
@Atissu haha ok XD i want new shirts but no money 
i should have been in japan this week... spending my money on gashapons, tons of toys and drowning in sushi 
cant pay my bills cause all my moneys spent 
@katdogs  hehe whenever i get the money to go that is. im terrible with saving! i miss england 
I don't want to work. it's like, just cos there is money. I want my baby instead 
is stuck with no wallet or money  shall have to bring in my passport and bank statement and hope that they will let me withdraw something.
lol nvm she isn't in my class. so far so good.  about spending so much money on supplies and lab fees x_x
@stusi awww  and that's a total rip off, but I suppose that's why he's selling them to make money
@WGallagher It's the tax man.  You ALWAYS pay for it.  Usually at about 2/3rds your income or more 
@endlessblush yeah not fond of it. Not even making much money after 5-traffic too hectic.favours hopefully come back to me 
Stilllookingfor that money tree or job opening to get rid of all this stress and debt !!!! 
stupid fatminniemousegirl broke my headphones  thats forty dollars of drinking money i needed, dangit
@mcscribe @p_money  i feel left out  do i get a goodnight too?
@ameliesoleil I may be being cycnical but wars are rarely about people or morals and more about money and (currently) oil 
@morningreverie your telling me!!! Its a major part of our lives it can't end yet!!! I think a lot is to do with money really 
I am spending toooooo much money on ebay, someone please save meeeeee 
I can't find my money clip  I don't have any can in it so that's ok but I have two uncashed checks in there :'(
@mstrinityv  paying bills...money is like water...
@awmoore if i was smart i could have at least made a few bucks out of it 
Going to lunch! forgot my money 
yep, cracked windshield. + no monies! will that tent at meijer fix it? or no cause it's already starting to crack? 
@atlantisjewel until i decide i had enough of easy money or my back says no more 
@SavyBoss hahah.. and he got more money than we will have n our acounts  .... but that still doesn't make it cool to follow a bouncer!
Going to be counting my pennies for awhile. I'm going to have to pay the bulk of my car expenses and its 700 dollars 
needs money 
Stressing about the amount of money i spent whilst shopping!!!! ARGHH 
I wonder how much money I spend on chapstick 
@kpmuse01 good luck w/job hunt! working but barely getting by myself; started new biz right b4 economy crashed. savings funds evaporated 
I hate money. For real.  and I'm so tired of being sick
I always feel like I'm charging clients way too much money, but I'm usually short changing myself. 
looks like no one wants to join my party  I promise to listen and won't feather my nest with tax payers money 
I hate the international shipping rates. They are too high for me. I don't want to spend this much money but I want those things. 
paying bills ...bye bye money 
I love my paycheck 
@FluffyStarr lol, I'm just hoping my financial aid will get accepted  i only have enough scholarship money for tuition, lol
wtf l4d2 a year after the first? just give me more maps and stop stealing my monies 
@AdrienneTeri   Igtos my money and now i have to save... which sucks the cheeseyone.. 
paying bills  goodbye money. i will miss you
@torontothumbs They don't need to wow us. They already have our money, and they have a new market of suckers that will buy anything. 
@joolzp1 not yet  i am still searching for a good pair on line to buy lol....i just hate spending money, i dont have that much lol
@JonathanSchwer boring as hell lol. Hopefully i make good money tonight though 
@kiLLa21 because its time to pay bills  too much money I'm going to cough up
not wasting my money on a piercing that has a low success rate of healing 
@gemalem just gotta try and get the money 
@QuindaS damn..  they betta give u ya money back.. knowin nyit they def. wont
spent way too much money today 
@miguelstdancer i have money enough to go to his city, but i'm 15, remember? my mum doesnt let me do it  she thinks that is crazy
basially just gave all her money up for a week  boohoo
@montimer No... I won't usew my money's worth 
@DinkarA  could you give me a sum up instead???
parental figure- &quot; what are you gonna do?&quot; me - ''rot in my room like i do every other night....''  i have no money 
@coollike sorry  we're in a recession right now, the only way to get money back in is to promote promote promote!
i need money, i CANNOT! miss this concert, not again 
Stranded at 711 in arlington  no gas no card or cash. Ssteeeve hurry!
this calling canes money is supposed to last me all summer and I just brought a flat screen....half my yearly salary 
@ZaZi_09 lol i would but i dont have ne gas money girl  we can plan a trip later in the summer when the money is rite
Is 36 dollars too much to pay for a tank top even if I really want it?!  damn u adult responsibilities.
@kirstiealley lowcost dental is hard to find. best i can get is saving my money in advance to get 10% off for paying cash, no insurance 
Its 150 dollars to change my return flight and I have no money on my card right now, and my mom isn't home... 
@absoluteHKM I need both weapons and training.  But I also need lots of money 
@tiadalmade2 just some silve sandals lmao ... i was trying leave with all the money I came with but i couldnt do it 
@arch3type heck no! i'm no gambler, i can't bare to loose my money 
@amybeth23 me too, but it would be a waste of money as none of the computers in my house are powerful enough to run it 
forgot his wallet at home....no money no honey.... 
@Issascrazyworld I was trying to win some of that @AnissaMayhew cash I know you have. I didn't get squat though. 
i am spending too much money on food 
@themaguire they killed the bucks 
@joshmfnjones ya if you have money!!!!!  ha
boo i miss you sry i didnt see u before u left guess i oh u 10 dollars 
@zubinmehta lol ... sahi mein ... i've to take back more than 2k rupees from diff people who i gave the money to 1.5 years back 
@nettabear  I would like many thousands. A house amount of money would be nice.
@whiteroses98 I doubt i could get the money for a ticket or get the time off for it.  I wanna soooo bad
I didn't ask for money, or a mansion in malibou. I simply wished for one more day with you... 
$1700 for my trip to australia    hard to do with no money
really sad.. it's raining and my bike is outside!  and I still have no money or job!
I think I spent too much money on food, the 40 bucks I saved became 20 bucks 
@harishandsan how much money did you win ? please buy me pink candy 
@yasexy 5sum and I aint know about it!!!??  smh
dont have enuf money to buy weapons 
finding some good part time jobs...i want my money back 
@vlastikb ohhhhh! not quite  maybe i'll get one like that next year if i use this one enough, and don't spend all my money on lenses...
@Malosa82  I have a money problem at the moment  But I am working on it.
can't sleep and i still don't got my money.. damn these restless nights! 
nothing like realising just how much money you dont have anymore...  
cleaned the bathroom as an attempt to make up for having no rent money 
Really wishes money grew on trees 
I wish I had the money to have a big frilly wedding... As it stands it's looking like pizza at mums house 
Going to make money for gas 
Also would like a nice belt ... i'm finding too much stuff i should buy if i had money   
really needs to go shopping, but i have no money 
heartbroken pt. 2, got money and went back to goodwill and it was gone 
@JennyBigNose  if i had the money, id be like scott and lend it to you 
@WivesWitches I would be there in a heartbeat if I had any money 
I need 20 mo dollars so i can go buy sims 3  who wants to loan me some money
ga- there are so many albums I want to buy right now... but I have no money!!!!!!!!!!! 
SIMS 3 came out today, but I don't have enough money to pick up my copy 
I hate owing so much money to the band right now 
sooo.i have a month to somehow come up with 256 bucks....plus food money.........how am i gonna do this?  emem(:
I ain't got no money to buy you flowers, and my friend's got no visa to go to exotic places 
went to an animal shelter today...i wanted to adopt all 8 adorable black kitties! but i has no money 
The dog races were cool diapointing that i didnt win any money 
I always spend too much money at target... 
@steen182 I have no money for cupcakes 
Someone stole 5 bucks of my tip money  what jerks
Finally done balancing my checkbook and paying bills  bedtime!
im deffinitley not going to blink this summer. 64.00 a ticket? wow. i have no money. ugh 
@KLoop83 yeah I can do that when I want to. right now I'm just spending money in hopes that it'll erase my memory so I can stop being emo 
wishes she had money to buy a bad ass macbook pro 
just woke up. sleep again after this. anything for money 
ugh i hate that now i finally have money and @thebandfar is all sold out of shirts on their webstore 
wants too many things: trip to cali,have a clean room,win heaps of money and most of all...to have my general manager back at work 
i need sum1 to cuddle with 
@chrismacho nov 2. a million dollars plz...cannot sleep 
I have no food and no money with me  fuck
ill pay money to anyone who studies n give the exams for me 
ugh i seem to be really good at making the money but i cant seem to close out and make final tables  finished in 21/439 tho not bad
invoices are the expense reports of the self-employed  i suppose at least this is money that i haven't (in theory) already spent..
Not much fun in having money in the bank anymore with the interest going lower and lower 
@wellyjulz I'm wooooorrrrrrking   I think the cinema thinks I'm a full timer! Just need to think of the money....
@anz_rocks19 yeh, just went to the post office to pay a bill.....damn utility companies.....just keep asking for more money!! 
@Splodz @caldjr dont worry, there was no money in my account so it wasnt sent  I may go and have a little cry
eugh  i cannot make my mind up if i should buy this outfit or not =/ soo much money 
@ayravillanueva awww! i want it too.. but no class... so no allowance....so no money 
if i had money I would totally be rocking red faction guerilla.  But I don't has a job 
@shybutflyy i guess u stop payin attention to me lol 
@sazzzle  i didnt have my graze box, no money in my account
no wonder,, money is nothing but it has a power 
@Zoesometimes you mean you don't do that for funs? 
@JanaAlyssa   he's better cause he gives us free money! (well not that it's free, but I ain't complaining) damn I fail tonight  
sos so broke and need so much money 
@ellensmith3 herself and her father already have loads of money to spend on food. i don't  bad times. i bought her dvd! it's something!
so... i need to save $1997... sheesh, thats going to take me ages  gah, maybe i wont need that much. i hate money.
@HimOverThere yeah  good money and good experience as well - go for it!
@1Upcake It costs me money receiving txties from yous. A fortune. I wish it were frees. 
I got money in my pocket finally once again...working definitely pays off but I dnt feel like going in today 
disappointed. for 2 best available seats for my blink show... $130. i can't do it. just can't spend that much money  totally bummed rn
@sicklipstick girl i aint made of money 
why does it seem that when I get a paycheck, it's gone before I even see the money? I will have nothing to show by the end of summer 
My money keeps wanting to spend itself right out of my savings accounts!  
i'd pay money to not have to be at work right now. still feeling like poo and wishing i was home in bed. 
@Cwluc It was tough, no more cash to stick around 
@mileycyrus omgosh your coming here!! but i have no money  and by the time i do i kno tickets will be sold out once again 
@id10t2u Ahhhhhhhh get me a green card ((( I'll work and earn lots of money and pay lots of taxes and vote vote vote 
@RickMGoldie am not needed for counting now, they have enough volunteers! No cash for me 
I have no money hun  I think I'll be cooking dinner, eating it, showering, and going to bed!!
so many dresses, so little money! ugh 
looking for a job....i still dont have any idea what i wanna do  i need some money now!!!!!!
@BUTTERFLYWHEEL can't, gotta keep up puppy support payments yanno 
@FengShuiTips4u heck, i would have rather had NO bailout/stimulus money - my poor kid will be paying for that her whole life in taxes. 
@abraham_17 you not alone i need money too 
figuring out finances. blech 
Wants to see the hangover but has no money 
Kids took all my money   no breakfast for me.
@dacyj 24 bucks  so not bad
@ashleyyakira But im so tired of spending money, just tired of it cause i got nothin to show for it  
@cibacanka I am not!  I think you should enjoy your time here! You don't even have the money to go because i stole everything from you!
@dingyu I want dim sum!!!  
that's after taxes too.  grr taxes
Anyone have a spare pile of cash they don't like? I found a van I really like but I can't quite afford it 
@RichOink i dont have money to spend on krispy kream right now.  i had to pay rent today..
waiting to go shopping, even though i have no money to spend 
Some a-hole got ahold of my card number and bought some stuff at best buy 
@kiyastars i have to get some cash first. still need to pay back for my jo bros ticket 
@GLBriggs aw that's good! least u have ur friend and it's cash. no - no job no money no feck all! i NEED one! it's rubbish  xx
I wonder if they will keep the fee after refunding the money. If so I am out of $2.79 probably. 
@MattJames_he3 but i couldnt get the cheats workig earlier and was like heartbroken cos i had no money 
bye bye driving license/student card/a list card/money/little blue purse 
is trying hard to stick to a budget...because since hardly anyone wants piano lessons in the summer...I make nooo money!!  
@slctbird hahaha :-P I wish I had the money... 
No money for booze 
At starbucks with no money 
I cant explain how upset i am about spending that much, im still not short for money atm like but i could be so much better off 
@baldeggie ikr, for the two pints I got coast me like $17 dollars 
a little hungry but no money for food 
@iamnotanearth haha as much as i'd like to hang out, even for just an hour, my lack of gas and money are preventing me from doing so 
@MonkeyThreads I cant till I make another sale  spent too much money already, like almost all 
just realized i have no money at all  but it has never stopped me before ... so why should it now. although i had a credit card back then!
@drewryanscott drew!! come on im like crying i really want those but my family doesnt have the money to spend like that!! RAWR 
i wish i had money to pay @StarTrakDaliah to do a track with me..but i'd just use that to holla once we got in the studio 
I think I'm in danger of running out of money on this trip 
@musicluver94 never heard it...I need more iTunes money 
im cut! wooooo too bad i dont want to clean  and i didnt make any money! boooooo
Wow I just found these sunglasses I wanted at target but no money!  they r pink n amazing!
just spent 60 bucks... that i wasnt supposed to spend 
@weregiraffe, yeah but i called the bank. hopefully i get my money back, itll take fair few weeks 
I made some money, sold some stuff...can I go home now? I miss my bubby Adaira and my apartment. 
@mitchelmusso i dont have any money to buy your album yet 
annoyed...really need to get out and drink, but no money 
@aditya *sigh* that's a few thousand bucks down the drain for me 
ugh. talk about frustrating. I have to wait to get this stupid bank account set up before I get my money. I need cigarettes, too.  Sucks.
just got home from hobart    soo tired, spent all my money   at least i got a really cool element hoodie!    score!
@iiaMhEr ugh im sOoo jealOus  i dnt have any money, i cut all my extra expenses off! No nails, fast food, shopping, no weed! I need a car
@myroadtonowhere Don't know, I don't handle (screaming) crowds very well, plus I have to be a bit careful with my money and it does cost 
what a waste of 42 quid 
Is paying all his bills, someone else needs money ? 
@BethanyMcFlyX  idk really probs just gonna have a look , haven't got any money but want some clothes  xX
@lissyx and i very much wish that we could do that too! i needs my money though. booo. 
Aaaaaaand no cricket, aka, no money for me today 
still at garage but finally getting results having spent more money. an expensive morning. 
@crispynoodles sadly not... my finances just can't stretch that far atm 
@beaslma Ahh, I also cant afford the money as well as the time 
I got money in the bank.... which i cant use 
@jamiegilderuk haha ahhhh the memories!! I've got no credit to text back with at the money though 
was thinking of drivin to the shopping centre. Then i remembered i have no money to buy ANYthing. 
i need money for tickets 
@sordidclown nah, don't have the money just yet 
hoping to get some cash from these lame textbooks. if not, i only have $1... 
We just got our key made!! Over a hundred dollars later!!! 
facebook poker is down   i wana win fake money dammit!
why do things have to cost money 
@JonsTubeGirl I don't have any money so I can't get a pedi 
Having the worst weekend ever and its probably going to get worse no money for food again 
@Lannaa  im sorrry!    We all need to go out soon btw! I'm thinking tbs? I'll most deffinately have money by then 
Man, I really need to mow a lawn today to make some money... but its crappy outside. 
@mindywhite i wish so bad that i could go to the show tonight! but i don't have money for a ticket  i'm in between jobs... blah!
This machine stole all my money!!  http://yfrog.com/0w22vvpgj
@graceblack I need money for that  maybe I have one in the freezer, here's hoping!
So long ago since my last tweet. Fact: i'm horrible at saving money. 
@anthonyjohnston it was a really bad game we played rubbish! I have no plans to go out! i am trying to save money..  *opens another drink*
has the travelling bug....but no money! 
@jonas_twilight3 nothing much too  i just wanted a new video card for my comp.....but i just don't know if i'll have money!
@jacquelinalexis I know.  I wish I had money.    ha.
Needs 600$  what the fuck I hate this stupid bank. No rent money  I need a damn job.
finding ways to save money 
no money today from adsense.. 
@Leaferbyblood I decided to be responsible and pay bills instead  *sigh*
@SamanthaOfUM lol that would tiiiiight but idk about money situation! 
I am ipodless until i have the moolah to buy a new one 
needs money  got tooth pulled
Mariners still have no score.  lots of yummy food, and less money in my wallet 
Making a lot of money and still broke 
Pedicure was great now shopping and I'm running out of money 
would be keen as for an ipod touch but got no money 
I only got one number on the lottery, I had planned how I was going to spend my money too 
Its really sad when you have to kick people out of your house for stealig money 
 not as much money for vegas as once thought.
@_callmeCourt yes, I'm thirsty. how'd you know? but I have no dollar bills to get a water 
i fucking despise kids who come to my store and spend three fucking dollars.  my ADS sucks now 
@dbaumz urrgg no i cant  i spent all my damn money on hot jam ! but u should come mad early so u can visit me first and rub it in my face
@LEdwards1177 yeah... worst part is he took it out of my purse, along with the cash in my wallet!    And I think it was a caterer!
counted the money now on the floor until i can do lobby 
Man I wanted some icecream  but money called 1st!
cleaning up and i still have 2 kids here. lost 3 dollars playing poker 
*cry* I wish I had money 
someone just give me all your money 
@atru423 well not right now. I'm low on food budget money 
haaayy  wasted my money on cds. its time to throw them
@jennyftw borrow it.. i thoroughly enjoyed it and was sad when i finished it 
I which I had money to buy the @jonasbrothers and the @ddlovato album 
I only want gas money to get to nyc  and its not like I NEED a 2nd job, its just probably advisable. but I know it'd be a shitty one
I want lomo fisheye NOW  i need money
says No money in my wallet  http://plurk.com/p/z042b
don't have the kind of money to go to concerts 
@stupiduglydoll don't have the money to go to concerts 
@taylorswift13 wish i would have had the money to go tonight 
@strawberrysmash Was too late  Money down the drain...
I nearly cried in newlook when i found out i didnt have enough money for a top, i had to spend it on those earrings, 
just lent azrief 30 friggin ringgit out of her allowance   that's my forever 21 money you biatch!
@AprilFilms  expensive  Possibly even worse my Australian money converts the wrong way as well...
wants food, gigs, money &amp; sleep 
@caitlinaudrey i wanna go! doubt i'll have the money though 
holy crap i am so tired....me+cosmic bingo=me tired and sad  no money for me...
So a weekly pass with my local bus company would save me money, but not if I have to pay to get to town to buy one - where's the logic?  x
@Oumiec atleast sum1 had fun 
im at jarrod's. trying to order pizza. no money 
How hard is it for sum1 to actually talk to me?  http://myloc.me/2U6f
Has to go to work at 3  oh well at least it's money  x
@KarlaWraight I've played it for about 24hours altogether so far lol. I've cheated though  used the money cheat, got millions now haha.
just spent a bucket load of money on new clothes  now off to make soup as its all i can afford!!
@foilplay it's a lot of money to waste if it doesn't 
I feel better for finally sorting out my pension - stupid amounts of paperwork though 
@shehnazkhan wish i was going as well   and i wish i had my own money, lol, i would have deffo gone.
@clintonjeff  i wish I had that kind of money! I've been wanting a pro account for years now... everytime i postpone upgrading it.. 
@urbanflights What a waste of my 5 bucks. 
I had a nightmare about how much money I spent these last 2 wknds, then i realized it's for real! 
@sew_cute I've been trying to fight the bug for aaaaaages.  too bad I don't have any money either.  
I went money hunting in my room and found all this! Is it sad that I find it interesting?    http://tinyurl.com/phn2z7
red faction guerrilla looks great! I really wish i had money to buy it 
back from dinner. I'm in a desperate need of money. 
back from dinner. I'm in a desperate need of money.  http://plurk.com/p/z4bwm
getting ready for work :-/ 7 - 11 is looking like hell for me .. hwever i shall focus on the money . as i am extremely skint ..   eurgh
@ElleBeeeeee i feel shiteous  i really want to come back but money is a bother  missing you terribly *cries* xxxxxxxxxxxxxxlove you more
@alizan i would - but no money.  Corts is thinking about actually getting though, ill let you know if he ever does 
@Spidersamm I think its too much about the money now not the meaning 
@iluvwentzXstump unfortunatly, yea. they cost like 40 dollars at staples 
@rayannefox I'd wished i could go soni but i just don't have the cash for it  x
@SamHolmes I don't have any money til next friday 
@robinUK my money is on bad tires 
argh have ran out of itunes money, and i really want to buy a song 
@HarajukuBeauty awwwww boo... If I had da money I would go even tho I ate earlier!!!! 
maybe.... i do.... because no one would give me this much money for my car 
@joeymcintyre donated some money to let get this and didn't get my voucher for your song 
Beginning to remember why landscapers charge so much money 
i want to go see the nunes SO bad. i'm not sure if i have the money though 
@aviraj..hey commenting a little late. but yeah money doesnt like my wallet too.. 
@swtbunz same here lol i spent all my money already i had 60 n now i hav a big empty zero 
Why do things have to cost money 
wants that jacket. &amp; also want to go to that thing in july.. my 3 favourite bands? omgg unfair! i want lots of money now please 
money is the only thing you can trust 
Doing my checkbook 
@JasonBradbury kool I wish I had it but no money 
@KOTS90 Lack-of-money-for-transport disease 
Public Enemies looks good. So many movies so little time... and so little money I guess... 
ahhh i want this game! but i have no money to get it 
going to look online for a new camera i dont think i have enough money 
I'm on my break with no money to buy a snack 
Budgeting software is needed to assist in the impossible task of helping me save money for my move in the coming months. 
@jenRIZZY I want sum 
@moecona it's not my fault ;;. twitteriffic uses it now. It makes me mad ;;. But I've no monies to get tweetie right now 
Benezir has gone  on the bright side she saved money on her bus fair, showbiz has started for her! #bigbrother
@ThisIsBob, I kinda need the extra money. So I'll join the ranks of all the other bartenders who show skin and make better tips 
My moneys gone 
My car wont start, this sucks i dont have the money to get it fixed 
wishing she had money to go on a date with rob..... 
anyone make money off of their websites?  if so, hit me up, I'm curious how you are going through it, I need even more hosting for P*N 
@selenagomez manage to call you but ran out of money on my cell 
@MeganLeighMac I have no ideaaaaa.  I'm not going to see them then. I have no money or anything cause I still have to get my car fixed. 
@zoexcampbell everyday! though i have no money. 
wishing a had mad money to buy a ticket for summer jam 09 
http://twitpic.com/6vmrw - Didnt have enough money to buy this little beauty at the swap meet 
@kuhvet food is my kryptonite...even more than money 
@clockfort don't have the time or the money 
I had 60 bucks saved up and now i have 25. wtf 
spending way too much money on records - check! finding gifts for my host family - 
god fucking damn it. i lost money 
i would love to go on a sober date...sadly i have essays to grade...i mean, one of us has to make the money for our fam...i guess its me 
i hate bills. they suck. always taking my money 
@spilledfromali lol sorry i cant the card only have 3 dollars left 
anyone know of any opportunities for small business tech consulting? @cougarclaws just took all my money 
I so wish I could go to Nerdapalooza, but who has the money for random travel these days?  Not this guy.  
@SawLady I wish I could! but money is an issue these days  I'd love to be involved but it's just not possible right now, ho hum.
feeling sick w/ the knowledge that people w/o college degrees make 3x my salary.   What a waste of time/money.
@rcoppa i try that every winter... and i still spend money 
time for breakfast...  no money in pocket!! :d lolzzz
http://twitpic.com/7gcd8 - buy buy money  all gone to the the puppie
@angryfeet Thanks, I need to wait til the rest of my money goes in really, I've got a tenner at the moment 
@angie_kiwigal all they get off me is money 
but whoops that means less and less money 
cars costs a lot of money to run 
Maaaaajor traffic going to work.  now I can't deposit my paycheck. UHGG.
trying to find money to but tshirts 
Does anyone know a British version of chipin.com or fundable.com? They work fine but I'll lose money in currency conversion 
Is so excited for today! But still needs the idea for the money 
is also pissed that she didn't get her money.  http://plurk.com/p/1138tn
@antzpantz i shouldn't go anyway. tryin to save mah money 
I want an iphone, but I just really want it to fall in my lap, not to actually have to shell out money 
I still can't believe I lost 200 bucks! 
i want miles to go, but i don't have the money 
@pim2005 Seriously, not working is overrated - especially when you're self employed and you know it leads to no money! 
@toysintheattic wish I could but no money spare 
I now pay on 5 different insurance policies, but I have no money left for groceries for my 2 sons and I! 
I hate my parents, they keep asking for money and it sucks because I keep sending them more and more and I don't think it's going to end. 
I love the benefit of turning in a timesheet (show me the money) but the process here is terrible. 
enjoying the storm, thats right, ENJOYING IT im outside in it also, sellinmy clothes 4 ipod money mine broke 
is wondering how I'm gonna pay the rest of my bills when there's no more money in the bank account..... 
As I turn I around I saw the 2 dollar ones  lmao this expeierence cost me more than 20 bucks lmao ooooh man!!!
We tried to trace them to let them know but we don't have contact for them so some poor woman is losing all her money right now 
@cynical_redhead if I had the money, I would.  I hope you don't end up jobless 
spent way too much money at the dentist today  I prefer a tiara to a crown.
so many cool writer t-shirts, so little money 
I'm looking for a bday  present for someone for no money 
@PaccmanSEQ wow... great idea -______- naw jp... i was thinkin about water with that sasuke jutsu and tenten... i just need some money 
there are soooo many new clothes that i want and no money to buy them!! not fair 
@NORIEakaELLE if I even make it..my mom hates me right now..I doubt shell give me money 
I wish I had more dinero 
if i walk to the wavepool right now, i would go hang out w/ molly...but i have no money  man this sucks!
really hate paying my taxes 
No camera 11 please don't break! We have no money to fix you!! 
@AimeeCH my payday money has already been spent  and I don't get paid for another 2 weeks!
Why are most chinese companies enjoy killing dolpins and whales so much? Just to make money. 
needs money but has no desire to work today.   
I hate money  its payday but I'm gonna be broke by tomorrow.
@lexiphanic eh, my GoCard just ran out too. I hate paying with cash. 
i want to play wow  gisssus some money pl0x
@andiiblaque @kruffshambles Juts looked at my banking account and had less money than i thought, so cant go to movie 
@afrocurl Wish I had the time and money to see if again 
@G_Money91 ok imma cum ghet me sum unless u ate it all 
#iremember the happy feeling when you get your first salary... and right after that, sadness to realize how fast money goes away...    
@Valboski516 I didn't make a shirt. I'm sad that I didn't but I didn't have any xtra money 
sum1 take me to nubi! 
@80smusicthebest thanks....my hubby is so upset at the money we have lost...he wont let me go next time 
@bEZsmile but until then i have to wear stupid glasses, hmph! more money to dish out 
I wish I could go grocery shopping! ugh this fast food ain't doing nothing and it's taking all my money! 
@BigJ730 sorry i forget to check this thing. No i never got a chance to get to the joe. Tickets were to much money for my income. 
n dollars, I want to overlook central park 
in the mood for some food.  i don't have money 
hmmm. found out I can only spend the money in a certain store if I'm not mistaken...and they dunt have much.  wtb'd new compie!
@LaurSau lol. 2nd rule of thumb...never sign a lease with someone who would screw you over for money 
just bought shoes, just wanna spend the summer reading &amp; eating -- not spending money 
seriously? how much have i lost in the past week? mom, stop giving me large amounts of lunch money. i end up losing it, apparently. 
i just got up  i'm very hungry and there's no food. i'd call mickey d up, but mommy's not home therefore... not enough money 
SERIOUSLY cannot spend any money till july 3. omgg, this is killing me  i'm itching to go shopping.
I really want to blow a bunch of money on pretty dresses and super high heels (to help out the economy, of course....) but I shouldn't. 
no more dollars 
plus a little extra spending money would be great! i havent been able 2 shop 4 clothes/shoes in a hella long time 
@thekennection didn't get the chance nor the funds to pick up my tribes   keeping my eyes peeled for the next sale tho! how are the jeans?
@vibhurishi from all of which you may have (accurately) inferred that I'm not even close to whatever consitutes 'drop dead money' for me 
@ironicpete apparently it's an American thing to make card companies money so I don't qualify 
@WollemiPine I do that ones a week when I try to search for the money and realize there are only receipts in the wallet 
@QueenSapphyre No money for candy 
@stukey I don't think so - as there is no proper upgrade path it isn't worth the extra cash 
@RFLong i'm hosted with haven and she just put up an offer on divas  this sucks so bad because i needed that money
@Fizband yay! I still don't know what to get you, I don't want to give gift cards or money, those are nice but not as special 
I don't have money, I am very sad because I tought that the situation would change but it's worse than before. 
Up soo early just to make some money. 
@notrusshoward so gutted i couldnt get tickets, all sold out  by the time i had saved enough money 
#iremember when i used to have loads of money.... stupid recession 
to work i go..uggg happy to make money sad to go to work 
Barclays entire system has crashed. I cant get at my money 
@radiofire booker cash and carry haha. They've moved it now 
@treesmurf11 I appear to be maintaining remarkable restraint: possibly brought on by having no money. 
wondering what to do about the non-working situation... probs gonna need to borrow money from the rents 
@jenomaha No money is just bringing me down. I can't even afford food. 
They say money doesn't buy happiness.  I'd be happy if I had the money to fix my friggin air conditioner.  
does not like the tax man, i want my money back!! 
no money on my mother's credit card = no WoW 
i want to &quot;make somey music. make some money. find some models for wives&quot; aaah. where is my alesis micron?! 
I just learned I am considered an independent contractor, therefore I will owe the government some tax money  ugh...
need 2 raise sum money... qiuck time... 
i got my phone back. Yay! with that being said... yesterday i spent a crap load of money on clothes for symposium. i went over my budget 
@rsisk101 Only way to do that is stop paying taxes, only problem is it comes straight out of my paycheck. 
 everybody has jobs. I am going to be the only one without money.
CRAVING SWEETNESS... i spent my last 50p on some depressing crisps now i have no money to satisfy my need for a twix.. 
@KattyKinns that is really gorgeous! if only you had 950 dollars lol 
@andiect it is horribly expensive isn't it  is it too late for you to go for funding? I reckon youd have a good chance at getting it
looking for food growl.....we need to go shopping  eh just spent money i shouldnt...damn avon and brothers girlfriend who sells it
Oh-how I hate paying bills!  Could have used that money for some new clothes or brews! 
Lol @bunnypwny told u i wouldn't forget to turn it back on lol but shit my dad didn't leave me money for cig's 
turns out i have no money, have to drink regular coffee  i dont know where it all goes!
Oh, once I get paid for this babysitting gig I'm totally sending the DeJesuses money. 
whoa! i didn't know this was coming out! argh! i don't want to sped money  http://snipr.com/k8pw3
Trying to decide on what camcorder or SLRvideo to buy... I wish I had more money. 
@karalinagirl *cough cough* why yes!! Yes I do!! Unfortunately I need the money for a july 4th trip 
cknoedler: tom's shoes! I know i know, i keep telling miself dat but i ain't got de money 
People pay a lot of money for a shirt that has crappy lettering and says affliction on it 
@lealta It's honestly badass wish i had more money 
just won at poker  shame its not real money tho! 
@KrisWash cupcakes would be amazing, I aint got cupcake money though... 
@hanabobana I wish I had the money to go to another one of your concerts... 
@spb73 I'll have to wait till next month just spent loadsa money on a strimmer 
I miss these boys. I need money 
two hundred and ten dollars. Thts how much i gotta pay for the curfew ticket  bummer
better time management because money holds value, always spending one or the other every breath but desperately needs 2 spend them better 
can someone send me jonas album, not music off youtube thoo.. i have no money and cant buy it after yday!  youd be a ledg if you couldd xo
Why is it so hard to pay your damn child support. I know how much money he makes. I'm not stupid. It's so effing unfair 
I wish I had money for wing night so bad! 
@stranger_danger me too  I have to wait until I can go to curry's to get my stuff. I am too lazy to go and spend money D:
@terhechte Those airport slots always take my money before I go home 
I need a break from everything. I wished i had some money then i would ride 200 miles in one direction and just unwind. 
is hoping some nice friend will pay her apartment maintenance fee...i need money. Now 
@kimberlymdg I have no money for gas 
@amyaeroplane bb you spent the money!? 
I hate waiting around for money from my properties and energy.  #fb
@drfardook it's a sad cycle... more and more people stop using their darkroom to save money, costs continue to go up... 
@heathwiggins I knoooow  I don't even have money for a bus eeep !
Just got paid today and already almost all my money is gone. I hate bills. 
@amyralph1 join my gym . so much cheaper! i have no money to go shopping 
@DrNinjaPhD  waste of calories, almost as bad as a waste of money or time!!!
@lisuhh yes, I'd love to joiin. But I have to save my money for all of our shenanigans this summer 
I want the new album!! but my mom doesnt have money   &quot;you dont have ten dollars?!&quot; lmaoo
@THEREALJMAC tryna make some money 
@ddlovato I want to but I dont have enough money to go to any of your concerts 
@GloriVi lol, i wanna buy the shampoo but i dint have money 
@katrinabrandt I don't know why but I can't seem to stop eating today, however I have no money, so I've pretty much had trash too 
@hellokelli I only have 5 dollars in my bank account right now so I gotta save that for gas until thursday 
@darkgemini yay. I'm starving and I can't go get money from momma 'till he gets here...AND he took the cigarettes. 
fuck the internet annoys me. give me my money back... 
We were given our money back and given free passes, they had a problem with the projector! 
cash moneyz? 
@aristeia  I borrow my student brother's pocket money...We should start working on marrying rich.Or at least with a positive bank balance.
doesn't have ANY bills... no money.. 
@lionl I feel the same way. So many albums to buy, no money to spend. 
@sam_ash no  i'll be an extra 2+ hours away and i don't have the money for the gas right now
not hungry anymore....the government FUXking with my money and it reeeaaalllyyy hurt$...  
I have so much to do &amp; start, yet it's not work related. Even though the others will bring in some cash i'm kind of behind. 
mom said i could go see cash cash until she found out i actually could go see cash  cash.. so now she says no.  and it's free. 
4:30-8:30 shift..  I don't wanna go.. They can just give me the money =D
cali needs money...not parades. sorry 
No takers on the tuition? How about 25 bucks for my id? 
still no iphone  o2 still have my money. not impressed.
@zilch need the card to make cash to hand out cash rewards 
@elreytheatre will mewithoutYou sell out before day of show? I really dont want to spend a ton of cash on service fees 
bank of america has the most frustrating loop of phone trees / web forms ever. and they have access to my money 
lots of mail for me, but nothing about extra money 
@littlemissscifi man i would be so there if i had the time off/money!!!!     perhaps i could do the bellagio and the mgm!! lol
wolverine enemy of the state ultimate collection http://www.tfaw.com/dod/ if only my money had been deposited... 
@henry_maddocks No TV for us  It's like the companies don't want our money...
korean skit and oral tmr  and i need money! $_$
@musicalchic87 awwwwwwwwwwwwwww  wish you had the money!!!!
Just got insurance for my first car... I don't like money anyway 
@666pack i'm bummed i didn't go  i realised it was going to be a lot of hassle +money to manage..i'm glad it was great for you though
Assumption makes us spend too much money. 
needs money to go to thrope park 
@t0mas, ah, damnit, I want my money back, so I can personally flush it down the toilet 
is off to work all day. hopefully it stops raining so i can make some money! 
needs money 
i really need a job but there is none dwn here!! ahh money suks but i need it...   
- fuck, my money is running out &amp; i have no jobs... 
Get the bill of being lazy, and I have no money to pay it. 
@TheRealJordin I also want to receive the gifts from joining &amp; paying 4 sparkstown. sadly I dont live there..i do not use dollars..so sad 
hates herself for spending sooo much money these few days 
atlantic city is a huge waste of money 
My followers reach 500 but the most of them are spammer who says how about making money with something 
Oh ... and I'm also doing some research for creative supplies ... if only I had more money to spend ... 
@buchanan23 I won't get my money back... 
really dont understand ebay + i dont want to sell my only expensive handbag but i need the money 
@bunnynbam I know  but I don't have any money...and I don't wanna ask my parents for money. I feel like a lazy free loader
@Ranroune I'm sorry   This will really help pay the bills as you look http://tinyurl.com/moqt32
says i need to raise money! building my new website  http://plurk.com/p/11o142
craving some oreos! i need to babysit- no money 
yay, got my tax back today! boooyah. first thing im gunna do with my money - pay my bills 
@emilielena thanks for dropping the stuff off love!! p.s we need to get nsn tickets!! except i have no money...  aaaaah!
i need money  sucks being skint
@ktjbpa2006 yeah i know i got second row to it! i didnt tell my rents haha. but i have no more money to pay for t swift 
@ddlovato i wish i could see you in concert. It would be awesome. But i dont have money to go out of state and see you. 
@RoxiiJonas yup! always when we're unprepared and have no money!! 
I want the ghostbusters game. But no money for it   
Sadly i have no money for the 3.0 update 
rly wanted to go to one of @ddlovato 's ohio concerts. but couldnt cause i have no money. wow sucksss. 
Prepping for another rehearsal.. No act..no money..just rehearsal 
i have to give in and go back to my job at toys r us. its time to make some money. probly only some 
@mikaelaxmk omg i know what you mean  lets hope daddy likes spending lots of money! ;D
@urbanfly not bad mate, working hard, doing about 1000miles a week, still no money and no furniture 
@ziiaaddaa grad trip to cancun which everybody canceled on me. so now i must cancel and try to get my money back 
@stephenpeas i beat your super excited i would go if i had more money   but have fun for me too
The snack machine at work refuses to take any quarters. It happily takes nickels and dimes and dollars, but it hates quarters. 
The problem is fixing other people's computer is... that they never want to give you any money for doing so. 
@ddlovato i really iwsh i could go to one of ur concerts  ur comming where i live but..i dont have money
@_taylortrash_  me and crystal do not have the money for an extra night.. there is an extra person going now that is fucking it all up 
is stressed out about money issues tbh 
Ugh. I REALLY hate paying bills. 
Loving: free wifi and power on coach. Not loving: crappy bank won't let me tale out cash, so 5 hour journey with no snacks or water 
I want to upgrade my iPhone but I dont have enough money 
Tickets to lolla cost $80...damn. I need a way to make some money! 
@mozmac How soon, because as you know with a yearly subscription each day I can't use it is money thrown away...  
More talks with the lawyer today re BigD's mom's probate which is ending &amp; we don't have the money to close. SO tired of this stuff. 
damn my back account is negative and i had 2 spend my matt dollars 
Bills suck...where does all my money go?? 
Is playing softball then maybe bar with no money 
@karinab6 Aww if I had money I would def be helping to somehow let us go see them seriously!! 
Shitshitshit I have just made a very stupid and disorganized error that will cost us a bunch of money.  
Hates not having money 
@SomethingLennon well i have to get talking to my rents about funds now that im the big 21  i feel old so hopeful soon
At bed rock city comics spending money i dont have 
@KeithFollett I will. Too bad the vacation money is gone and I can't go see you. 
@NickkShepard yea I like all the features I saw.....definately worth the money....even though you got it for free 
Unfortunately, we are broke  ... and even if we had the money... where would we find the time???  Or the babysitters???
@a__money I'm with you right up until the temperatures. Just thinking about that makes me feel like sweating 
@Cwluc If I have enough money! I can't seem to save anything 
thinking of ways to make money!!!when it rains it pours 
I need to make money.  i hate being broke as a joke.
Thinking about taxes. How depressing! 
@dianaKJ24 I can't believe you're not going to the jonas brothers concert, how about that money spent  you were so excited about it
@tylercaulfield haha no  im scared of doctors and i have no money!
Does https://secure.jimojo.com/TermsAndConditions.htm this mean I'm not getting my money back  I HATE YOU JIMOJO !!!
I was thinking...man it's time for a new computer, but I don't wanna spend any cash monies - wow I'm soo becoming thrifty 
Realizing that death by plastic is not related to asphyxiation but rather to paying large sums of money with a credit card. 
So many bills, so little money 
I haven't made any money at affiliate marketing yet but sure have enriched the treasuries of yahoo and google 
Feeling shitty.  I need a hug or maybe a big pile of money.
(@mvoronovska) Feeling shitty.  I need a hug or maybe a big pile of money.
$73 taken out of my paycheck  That's what I get for being a 'tax and spend' liberal lol.
@McHowzenator &amp; I still have to put all the loans and payments in my name...by myself   #reallytired
to much shit to buy not enough money 
@Moosala yeahh i was soo sad when i found out  i'll prob get it on my next paycheck
lost more money!! not good...........I may have a problem. 
@meximikefsu  they have them at whole foods or any vitamin shope, if I had money I'd buy and.bring them to you, feel better
Spending all my money on my new rainbows!  I really need a job!
@babydollniki Almost a thousand dollars. 
@BozBizz omg, i'm sad now, i wish i would of known sooner i would of saved money to come there.... but i will still give 
has no more money in his wallet... huhuhuhu  http://plurk.com/p/11tfxf
still dk whether to go out tonight or not. no money  fml
Missing him an uncontrollable amount... 
@ASOS sick  feel horrible but im on asos looking spend some 18th money lol
@totallyjoshed nope... I haven't ordered. No money  just like chess... no job no money and hubs does't wanna buy it for me
i have 10 bucks left in my a/c.. 
doc put me back on citalopran, signed me off for a week... am now having to beg mum for money for rent 
@stevemassart I'm lacking time and money to keep this up and running. Seriously thinking about putting it to rest 
@fanofspurs  err yeah, gutted doesn't quite sum that one up eh.
Hates having no money!!! 
@fledermauss fuck that shit is out now! No money atm 
Just got my first paycheck since my raise, and I get a whole dollar more... fail 
well, thats me screwed - doesn't look like mum can lend me the money 
LLROK lucky dip: good value for money= sold out 
I haven't  got any food in and have a new credit card being sent to me so I can't take any money out for a take away.  I might die. 
sometimes i wish i was made of money!  http://tinyurl.com/nm8dhn
@GregB try 'today' with an estate agent in your life, wasting your money 
I have no money  had nasty letter from bank too 
Just opened my pathetic paycheck   wtff
I have 6 events next week that all involve getting a gift, and I have zero money 
hiding from the milkman. I have no monies 
Apparently i'm not worth a million dollars. 
I want to get my mom a bowling pin for her birthday when we go bowling tomorrow, but it's 12.99 + tax, and I don't have the money. 
@jordanknight if I were to spend that kind of money, I'd want to actually get to see you-- not your bodyguards.  
i should learn how to manage my money better...or I'll stay broke 
I has ticket money (: getting more stoked! No tee shirt money though 
i don't want to go to work!!   but i gotta make the money.
@drewivan it got a hole, and money could fall out 
@beebabottoms Awww I know my spinningwheel money went to car expenses. 
quote of the chat: GorgeousChick: you no have money slave GorgeousChick:  TheHardCore: i have&quot; LOL this is funny
@ninjanikkii but i dont have money for the bus and no one will drive me there 
@wozdelgado I can't wait to try it! I was hoping to order this pay but the moola did not cooperate 
Just worked out the finances - dismal 
@keisha_buchanan ended up given alot of money to a tramp 
I spent SO MUCH money today   But it was all on stuff I need so I don't feel THAT bad.
@stevesics. I have 7 dollars left 
So my first month without a car payment and I have to spend more money on repairs than the payment was. 
money issues  yuck. still don't have money for school or rent next year.
at chipotle with kelly and debbie. not getting anything though, i need to save up money 
i want the transparent converse.. 70 dollars...but in converse outlet 5 dollars but dont have my size.. 
the little penny sized tattoo that i want, is fucking 80 dollars. SERIOUSLY!? 
ok so party's season is coming up. too many graduations to go. too much to buy, no money at all 
@ktmakeup08 it's nice it's a complete waste of money though. I could have gotten away with my 3g for a while more but I'm such a geek 
Listening before the storm I want LVTT  but I don't have money ash I'd like to have just the necessary for the cd
No im not im goign to universal i thnk but i might not go if i dont have money 
@ walmart wit no money 
id eat my weight in pizza right now if i had the money, so its a good thing im broke? 
@janine_j9 haha yeah? xD can we go somewhere close? i'm low on gas money. 
@girltype awwww no doubt concert?!? I wish I had the money!! 
@HappyCassie i dont have any money to go  blaaah im trying to save up xD
@HappyCassie meh! why cant we have money! being a teenager sucks sometimes 
@OldSkoolChevy86 i need sum of that bout now 
officially in debt. i need my paycheck 
eh won money but only another 3k hkd 
@paulmontreal   you need cab money?
but their always so expensive and i'm always short on cash 
needs money...  http://plurk.com/p/122ktp
@SillySoul they should.. it's sad to see them make money out of their kids.. and i think kate wants the limelight more than jon 
Just finished play who wants to be a millionaire on line. It was fun made up to 50,000.00 of course no real money is won 
@FrankLovesWine @sobonwine Thanks! I am psyched. Of course, my wife has told me we have to put the money into savings. 
@google_murder  i'm so sorry to hear that...money can't pay back for that guitar though because of it's sentimental value. The song's by..
got no money for tonight! 
omg i just paid my first credit card bill ever :/ forrrrr sure asking dad for money back   my keycard is in pain
cant quite believe she has been to sick to work this weekend! need the money so badly 
@goldswallow very very little, for money is a little tight this month sadly 
must kiss bureaucratic ass for money 
I'm exhausted. So busy all the time... socially... which is weird. It never ends. It's good... but tiring. I need money.. 
@ImajicArt holly crud!  still on the plus side - you now get to lie down and have more money 
Not tat i dont have money for 1, but damn u sch fees  - http://tweet.sg
@sharlyn79 its all bout the money 
i wish i had money... and lots of it......... 
@PaperGangstahhh ive been saving money for dslr since dunno when . and its still not enough!!  haha.
I don't want to have to go to town to buy things when I have so little money 
looking at bank account   never enough money to go around? do u think the gov. can lead me a couple million too?
@tequilasam Actually I've never gone to one. I never had friend whom I could go with or money. 
@Ashcoates Get money on the 26th, but can only use lloyds so got to it transfered into mates account 
I really want to go for icecream, but I have no money. 
the soda machine took my money.  I guess its the world telling me I don't need soda. but its just soooo good! 
laptop-less until I have enough money to buy a new one. huhu. 
@purpleandgold no money for fastfood and everything in this household is fucken organic! 
spent waaay too much money today 
@julie_moore i am but it helps to have money 
and i'm still struggling with nos!  this is so not my forte!!  where to spend the monies??!!!!!
sooo poor its crap need money for the weekend 
i`ve got no money, no purse - no airtime....  mula day is a week away!!! got stolen at the armin van buuren do......!!!  swak!!!!
@missiscariot - I'd like to. It's not a ridiculous amount of money, but my student loan bills are looming large. 
i'm so thirsty but i have no cash. 
Sure wish my cab would get fixed so I could attempt to make money. No fun being off with no money and no gas!! 
#spymaster do I have to kill now to gain levels and money quicker?    lvl 33
@KayB me too...dont have enough cash to go to multiplex 
Is wondering who to curse out second time my money ain't right if it doesn't get fix soon heads will roll. 
Almost bought LVATT but i realized i spent all my money  fml ... Not really but still
wants a weekend off!! stupid overtime... need money 
Just back from uber shopping at the town centre. I spent too much money 
@spacecase517  im hungry now damn i should have taken the money 
yay for invoicing   nothing like the joys of paperwork to chase money...
@erikaANGEL ugh  i have the money!!!!!!!! id buy it for us but my mom wont let me use her credit card to get them!!!!
@Scottyboy292 LOL, no (only 1-5) but that price is tempting, got no moneys though 
my coworker complained that my music is too loud... time to put money down on expensive head phones 
wanting to go to movies but no money 
I'm forever hungry! But I have no money for food 
Really needs to stop spending maniacly or I'll go banckrupt  but I work hard for my money,so its a guilty pleasure to spend.I'm loving it.
what a sucky night. No money and no plans 
I was going to get sun chips but the damn machine won't take my money 
I love how my entire first paycheck is going towards bills. I can't even buy myself a nice gift or anyyyything 
I want to be on the cash cab 
@RayleneOrnelas I wish I was going to see @jonasbrothers in concert but damn recession! I don't have money! 
@fashi0nistadyva they dontt gotta spend a certain amount I think 
No new iphone for us, all sold out  Probably a good thing, don't need to be spending anymore money right now LOL
won $42 on scratchers!! and i only paid 5 dollars for them! highest i've won was $50, but someone stole it  what's your biggest prize won?
ugh why do tires have to be so expensive. there goes vacay money. 
why is it that i always see so many beautiful clothes and shoes when i don't have any money to spend?  
@uniquelyLANA well, actually, I should be getting about $100 dollars back, it just hasn't come in yet 
Didnt have money to buy fucking stockings. 
@ bizoink want to but no dinero! 
sooo hungry &amp;  no money or food  feed me???  
 no job at target or party city. plan c. does anyone know how to make money without having to apply somewhere?
i lost my reatainer. i just threw it away at taco beuno on accident.  my parents are making me pay for it with my birthday money, it sux!!
#dontyouhate when you really want to buy something but have no money 
new iphone is out i wants so bad, but alias no money 
six flags was crazyy. I brought 60 dollars when I arrived but when I left I had only 1 dollar 
worried about paycuts and how I am going to adjust my budget if I am suddenly making $400 dollars less..... 
@DrKeokiStarr no I have to get a locksmith  I don't have money for that shit
nomnom i just bought a dooney&amp;burke wallet for $120  awesome, it can hold all my no money now!!
Boys like me for money! 
@evecalian1994 I suppose, but blank space means no money 
WOW. work blew   no bringing in cash moneys for me tonight
did not win money at poker 
i just lost like 27 dollars buying pizza, &amp; i really hate that. i made that money &amp; now its gone 
Trying to pay my bills but am procrastinating. It's raining heavily now...it's so troublesome to go out for dim sum 
#followfriday Is it still friday? I don't wana go to work tomorow, so much stuff I want, no money for it  Even after the paycheck.
@_mostwanted i want sum  lol
@buffyTVSrox I need to go to that. *dies at thought of going* It's probably a ton of money though. 
@Bceaser I made some bad decisions   I'm wasting money..    ... you should be my mentor
@blankerrs me too  i refuse to put lots of money in my bank or else i'll go on insane online shopping sprees lol.
Wish I had money for clothes, but I don't   I know it's bad to care about it even, but still ... I do !
just bought heaps of dvds , but now i have no money 
really wish i was going to IMATS  i want sum mufe goodies and brushes
&quot;For the love of money is the root of all evil.&quot;  I watch individuals forsake everything and everyone in the pursuit of fame and money 
i wanna go get my tattoo now but i have no $$$/dinero/cash/bucks/green/benjamins/change/other synonyms for money... 
@souljaboytellem I need some money., I'm broke as a joke 
fortunately minecraft's site does the former. they're about to separate me from my money  i just know it
@souljaboytellem I do. I always have money on my mind...cuz I don't have enough of it!  and I want to go on vacation somewhere hot!
figuring out our new taxes.... we are getting owned. 
@SiahWalker haha i would but dude need to save my money for concerts i almost broke sorries 
@nicolealyse i dont think cash cash is doing the poughkeepsie date 
@ImInappropriate damit I need to go get my money back 
@MiddleClassJoe I wish I could be there  stupid no money...but one day I will have lots of moola lying around to do these things &lt;3
I miss having cash in my wallet 
i shouldn't be looking at merch if i got no money 
Just tried to put some money in a charity box, but the money got jammed, and i broke the box 
@stephanie_x_x so you can easily already go out and get it? Or she's not letting you spend the money?! That sucks 
i have to bring sims 3 back  they better give me a refund..what the hell would i do with 40 euros worth of vouchers..:S
ouch just about sums it up 
could do with some money or some lifts tonight 
@justgiving But that was the only way we could track who was raising money for our event 
@JadeeJonasss your going to miley too? cool, i wanted to go, but i need to save my money and no one would have come w/ me 
@claudiagmodel I wish I'd been able to convince you to donate your panties. They'd have raised a lot of money 
@TheEmmaHamilton i need new clothes. and some money to actually buy them with 
I love chloe perfume. Why do I always forget my money 
needs funds to go to a internship and get my cert 4 in christian ministry's  
Why is it that when you have money to spend there is nothing you want to buy? 
@elenakatrina I once forgot the pin to a card on xmas eve a few years back when I needed money to get drunk. Much misery ensued. 
i woke up angry!! lack of money really bringing me down 
@seregon no!  i don't have any money  well, i do, but am saving, innit.  still got musetour to pay for (accommodation, travel etc)
no money, now no car, no fun 
@JustTwig i need money and a ticket  what's wrong?
spent all my pocket money and more today 
I hate paying bills.  Money sucks. I wish I never had any to begin with.
Is in lovely cheshire oaks... Where has all my money gone?!? 
just back from shopping.. I can tell you, it's sooo boring without any money to spend  anyone interested in sponsoring ;-)
@iLiammm not enough money atm 
@Repoman666 need funds first  u still got halo 3?
i want a steakpunk house   i feel like that would cost a ton of money....
i just barely figured that noone likes baked goods 8 in the fucking morning. what a waste of 15 dollars. 
@jrstanley I miss being at the age where relatives give you money just because they saw you 
went shopping today, had money to spend on clothes.. but i didnt get nothing 
@meghan705 i can't even go, not enought money for any more concerts 
I might actually finish my hat today. This is exciting. However, I've got like.. no money to buy yarn for my next project. 
heading out to run a bunch of errands and to spend money 
at the mall with my friend and no money.... 
@ClaireBolton_x well, I guess you could say money ye, but more specific about summit called an investmentmultiplicator O_o and waaay more 
staying in tonight, got no money 
@mrjonathanlee Soon as I need the money and I don't need a flat in Londonium anymore 
again playin pet society in facebook is very funny! but i need some money in the game! waaah! 
again playing pet society in facebook...is very funny! but i need some  money in the game! waaah! 
wonders how he can survive next month with so little money n so many needs 
f***ing a/c hose blew on my jeep now I have to come up with the money to fix it.  
f***ing a/c hose blew on my jeep now I have to come up with the money to fix it.  
i really dont want to go to work  . but i need the money to go to the shore haha
I'm starting to think the surgery idea for my heel spurs would be A+ but money  and time off of work 
@DonnieWahlberg so i had to pawn my camera for gas money so i had to send in my release without a pic.am i disqualified?(please say no) 
@lillard yeah! i don't have enough money to buy one now, have to wait someone get home to gimme some bucks 
I'm getting scared about not having the money for skool 
well my rebate request was invalid. now i dont get my 50 dollars back. 
wasted money on the lottery, working tomorrow  laying in bed listening to harry potter 
@laurafrances Right back at ya pal, turning down nights out because i have no money 
I've got a bubble gum craving, but I have no cash. 
@starvingsoprano my car isn't actually in that bad of shape ... And I'd still rather get a new one before I put more money into this one 
dang.... no money to buy demi lovato tickets 
hoping a can get good bfast without spending 12 dollars 
@tommcfly what do i need to do to get a reply from you?kill you? give you money?? what????????ok sorry i freak out but please reply to me 
I counted my coins but remembered i own my mom and sister money  byebye hour of hard work (counting coinns).
So some guy offered me money for tipper 
@tristan BUT IT HAS MORE PIXELS. Pixels cost money, and the average consumer is obviously willing to pay for it 
@Mattycus I feel for you.  I really do.   I'd give you a run for your money, but sadly I'm not up for switching servers...
@chrispirillo I wish I was in love with my mac, but have no money 
Yay grocery shopping (sarcasm) I hate spending money 
Forever 21 has my dream dress hostage. Why would I walk in a store with no money 
@lucylaaja shoes!!! I need new black flats but spent my money on pants  next pay I guess
My son keeps coming to me, giving me something, and then &quot;buying&quot; it from me w/money (coins).  I think I'm teaching him capitalism. 
i think i'm going through rent withdraw. 
@thatmattkid if I had money I'd buy you one, but I don't  did you get my text earlier?
We got a 100 dollar tip, so I got 50 bucks! But now were blocked in 
@nehsellehcim omg why are you reading my mind xD well I'm saving money that's the problem 
@xmollieannx that wouldn't help us right now and i only have forty dollars 
@djknucklehead I LOVE PINKBERRY!! i miss it so much  i want to move back to cali and getz me sum frozen yogurtzzzz!!!
just got offered amazing seats! best concert! great deal!!! No money is account!! 
@IamDivaGlam eitehr ways i just wont have da money til firday. I was blown away cuz we neva use to be charged a deduct and now we r 
still can't sleep  ahh oh wells need more money 2 design shades
I almost just cried. Just lost 200 dollars at the bar. 
@deeluvv I took a peek recently...but like I said, no more money  unless I plan on stealing clothes, just looking will make me sad 
I wish I could have gotten into blythe a little sooner, I could have had twice as many dolls for the same amount of money. 
i think i just wasted my money on buying nova. because i cant eat it properly 
@Stephanya haha defo its not. its one of those clubs you want your money back for joining from false freakin advertising  !!!!!!!!!
Damnandfuckit! My cameras knackered, need to buy a new one but have no money to do so 
10 pints last nite    I miss saving money and getting locked on 4.
its depressing when u less money 
its depressing when u hv less money in the bank 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow- but really needs the money! 
There is no food or drink in the cupboards and no money in my wallet either 
@tekkenstrife it'll be after 5 anyway cos I have college  no card if I had the money I would buy you one for your bday
@LifeForHire_ I know but that costs money  ... did u go to the party in the park thing??
i wanna watch a moovieee but i have nothing new to watch...  ...wish i had some money..
Doing our taxes 
money spent on flights and their cancellation (because of swines) should be spent on food and clothes instead. 
I just realized I touched this lady's boob money! EEEWWWWW 
@katydidnot my condolences. i bet there was a lot of cash involved too. 
I was on my way to church and then realized i hav no gas and no money for gas  ugh
@tonyhawk i really like to have a skateboard..with good quality..but i have to spend my money to some other important things first.. 
I WANT STARBUCKS... no money 
I'm so worry about money at the moment, more than usual. 
I am in a desperate mode to shop, with no money 
@DaniiDinosaur nope no money  i wish
@meloxmarvels ahhh parking tickets suck  i've had two before, as if they don't get enough money out of us!
I don't trust stockbrokers. They just want your damn money 
Just got back from a garage sale, sold few things, made good money, but my bald head got burned 
@jessepriest turns out no money for @cursivearmy  oh well I've seen them but have fun!
At this point - writing off membership fee to IBNMA as a waste of time and money... 
@rdy2freefall mine is running out! it sucks.  You think I can renew in cash? haha.
@ajwoodwpg WANT.  But no money.   How does for free sound?
lol selling an addictive item legally is the easiest way to make money..i feel like a true American business man now..greedy and selfish 
I hate wasting my parent's money. 
stupid vending machine took all my money 
 im sad all the good phones are over 100 dollars. and I can only spend 100 dollars.    
OH: @janellecool there's no food there   i hate being poor and not being able to ask my parents for money. .. http://tinyurl.com/m8zwse
so it seems that money is just that... no bud smh 
So many movies I want to see right now, but no money and nobody to go with.  
just really depressed right now. driving costs too much money, and i'm broke. plus i don't think i'm going to make it to transformers 
wish i could go see paul mccartney in concert  sadly i dont have the money
I can't believe this i go check the dryer and its not even on. I had to put money again to dry. Why!? 
@paperlanterns saved enough money for all the shows 
*sigh* i need money 
i really want wawa, but i need to save my money 
@modelity: I used to belly dance.  Now I don't have the time or money. 
@froggggg i dont care nor :-D ngo pet duc 15 old, i just care money ja mo money dim buy things je 
wants seventeen forever metro station on my phone i am just not allowd to download it and i dont hav any money either to buy the cd 
cash for clunkers 2009 to bad the money only goes towards leasing or buying   http://bit.ly/2jZBb4
@Sanchodog, I was sitting at work, today it is 80 here and I am on the phone taking care of school funding, sucks being poor. I need cash 
@enoxisureka I am, but I'm just not good enough! All I do is keep subsidising the prize money for someone else! I'm not THAT rich! 
aight i gave in i bought a new phone  didnt wana spend all that money though
I forgot my cheeto/coke money today and my tummy is rumbly. I have to remember to carry cash more often 
Ugh why is money neccessary to do anything now a days?? No bueno y'all 
@FEAKINS did you get cash back? everytime i've done it it just gave me a receipt and I had to use it as a credit towards groceries... 
@thedjsg I tried looking but they're all either pay or crowded 
@cathybabyyy awww i would say let's go watch it but i have no movie money 
but i only have 39 dollars 
I think I'm gaining weight.  I think I can rightfully blame it on not having a lot of money to spend on food until recently.  
I just spent waaaay too much money. Seriously. 
whos treating me to see transformers tonight? i hate having no money 
needs father to give us money before I can't go to school!!!! 
@trinadiazreal santiagos. it's slave labor for 6 dollars an hourrrrrrrr 
oh planetbeing, i would if only i had some money 
Oh, @planetbeing , i would donate but i dont have any money  sorry
@mitchelmusso I would so go to that if I were closer i know id have the money by then, but when ur here I dont think ill have the tix. 
ugh.... so many toys, so little money 
@warped09 I want that green shirtt. BUt I wont have money to buy any merch. 
@OFFICIAL_TIGERS wish we were but money is tight 
Doesn't have money for transformers 2 like all the cool kids 
@lyndserr that would be great,that's what time it says they go on sale, i just have a debit card and my funds are a little low right now 
::cant pay my loans/cant pay my governent loans/ cant pay my sallie mae loans/i dont wanna be grown....::-bills bills bills 
since i did pay for a new router out of my 'saving for a new nice bag' money 
27% goest to taxes!  I need a 27% raise.
We've passed by like three of my favorite restaurants... But alas... They only take cash... And I have NO cash 
@br33zyPWNZ not til august. I haven't even gotten my first paycheck. 
ok so i miss, sing it loud, cobra starship, cash cash and ftsk so much  &lt;3
i am NOT a fan of patti balgojevich crying. If i had money id A. donate to her cahrity and B. pay for her family to be okay... 
Balancing my checkbook it sure wasnt fun at all 
My paycheck is so tiny 
@proud2beme i know  yes! like a million times i've begged :'( lol i had to buy that w/ my own money. same w/ if i get concert tickets...
@proud2beme but i don't have enough money 2 buy 2 &amp; they won't let me go by myself  plus i can't get my mom 2 drive me 
I lost my wallet  along with money, cards, IDs, pics and many important stuffs
On ebay, spending all my money 
@Alsenoth I don't have any cash dude  how good are the chances of them being free?
@mellieweena omg I want Money thrown at me too  asleep or not, haha.
@rocknrollsteff ughhh I would be there right now if A) I had money B) I didn't have to be up at 6  next time for sure!
I am on vacation and don't have any idea what to do with very little money 
@bangerang_ian @tiffanikki were trying to but me and c-money's schedules are all out of whack 
sometimes i have money and i still feel broke 
@ireckon Some businesses are frightened of losing business, what they don't realise is that 60day account means you are losing money 
@nasty_nazzle me too...  but I spent all my money on hookers and weed...
i love the seventh book of harry potter!!!!  want to read it again but i dont the money to buy 
is getting ready for college, distrought about the fact she has no money, no credit, the internets dodgy..the world is coming to an end! 
I just lost a lot of money on roulette   oops
Out of dinero and stuck at the casino 
just had a nice chat with my father about money....he will not lend me any 
So many things I want. So little money... 
this is one place where our tax money goes   ... http://bit.ly/y5kGI
@Howardgunn I know, sorry.  I have 65 losses.  Apparently people keep beating me up and taking my money while I'm away.  
@StripperTweets And if it's any consolation, my girls didn't make gas money tonight! 
I hate chasing money...  one of the down sides to running a business 
just got outa the bath... starting work at 1 i need the money! all my pay this month is already been spent on concerts 
No sign of any money yet. 
@AnnLinny depends on whether my sister will borrow me the money - I find the prices ... well ridiculous 
@chunkofplastic Haha yayyy! I would sell it to you for cheaper but I am SO poor atm I need any money I can get  sorryyy, I still love you!
lalalalalaaaaaa!! i want to do something but i have no money 
my tongue really hurts, the washing machine is late, i dont have a phone and i have no money or food. 
@antzpantz cos i've had 2 pay of some debt recently from my past life recently so i'm a little strapped for cash @ the mo' 
@craiglmj -- tell me about it.. I cancelled my ticket.  / got the money back so it's fine.. But not really.. x
who wants to give me money to fix my car and buy some pretty dresses 
got ANOTHER fn parking ticket. there goes my makeup money 
just dropped off the car to get the brakes looked at. i hope this doesn't cost me insane amounts of money 
Needs to invest in a good bed!! That means spending my bloody money  one is not amused especially since I'm not rich *hangs head in shame*
stupid littering fine.. Now I can't squander all of my recent earnings on tat, instead I've got to spend money to keep me out of court 
@bounder - thanks for that - but I need boundary points which all seem to cost money  ...  Silly non-public data!
finally i have received my zipper wirstlet and i haven't mail out the money yet to the blogshop as i mailed wrongly 
I make one comment about girls liking muscles, puppies, and money... and my co-workers never let me forget it. 
Wants hair dreads so badly now. No money 
@myasmine stole? After I let you fire an air barrel for your money back? I'm hurt 
where's mike in all the cash cash pictures? 
Needs a website  but has no money!!
 Having no money sucks.
shopping shopping shopping im a shopaholic!! but poor things my moommy handle my money 
i'm so worried about money now. it's really panicking me. i will also be below target in my savings by $200 because of the days off! 
for some reason i just checked the procedure for claiming lottery winnings. i didn't win anything, not even a free ticket 
i need money  i wish cars weren't so expensive.
@McRiddlahpants id love to do more shows but the money factor is holdin me back from achievin that goal  lol boooo
Off to work then to put my apt complex in check bc they dont know how to file important info. Now they say i owe money 
i wish i had loadsa money  y don't i?!?! WHY!
I think I needa stop buying clothes online. Money is decreasing from my account. 
i wanna go to a cinema but i havent pocket money any more 
money well spent, even if it's pretty much a weeks pay 
For once thankful to our government for spending my hard-earned money (but I still don't want their hands in my pockets...  )
@jaydems I like the sound of this  step one: finding money. haha but shopping, YAY!
I will have a stan chart card not because i want it but because its the only way for me to access money that i have earned 
Translating... for money this time 
@TheGazzMan you will be giving Parkesy a run for his money 700 good stuff 
off to races to try win some money 
@alexakesson follow @hedge_funds 
@bottc ah very cool! I very much want to go but never seem to have the money during ticket buying season. Should be awesome 
@RAZNKN that is tax money well spent.  damn, which reminds me...I need to stop procrastinating and do mine :S
http://bit.ly/3AQoZ9 I was looking to get out of the house without spending all my money and remembered this 
cannot be arsed getting dressed so think i'll stay in my towel and pay my council tax online! 
@savagestar @cozbysweater I need 45,000 bucks 
@palister Think of the money...and the free popcorn you're gonna score later 
@cynthiamartyn knowing our govt - a put my money on an absolute 'yes' 
today I had the most money in my hands than I'd ever had before! Yay unemployment and tax refund! 
@winosandfoodies my parents grew up without a lot of money but they rubbed  tomatoes over their bread &amp; dipped it in olive oil 
: i owe laura 4000 dollars, just so you all know 
@hawpunch yes if there is the dams app in the apple store I prefer to buy there knowing money will go to the dev directly 
Witch isn't so bad, I mean that is what we pay great money for anyhow advertisement 
@TradingGoddess You've got cash! 
On an impulse - after I saw it in an elevator - I went out and spent an outrageous amount on a purse. I don't even feel guilty about it. 
keeps on making money online  http://www.MaverickMoneyWonders.com
@tangowildheart I know. I miss having the money for those things. 
@andiiblaque It took a lot of begging but y parents finally gave in and are lending me money for the show.!!! 
@aconfras yep when you have money for that... but I think I will not resist much longer and I will buy one book or two 
@petewentz virgo- i want happiness and no money problems 
http://tinyurl.com/d2fq6v interview we the kings and cash cash :O 
@changeforge there will be a big change in new model. A video recording is probably be coming into it. So, please don't waste your money 
@lucyaventwells no we legged it back to civilization to splash our massive winnings about 
@DoubleDuece I hope you're ashamed of working hard , making money for family and spending it responsibly. 
@keelybin Then they are clearly demented and shouldn't be trusted with money anway  xxx
@jenncastle what happened? I'll make them all pay! 
@middleclassgirl lots of money and no one wanting to pay it to use it wouldn't help it either 
@stephaniegg meh stripping is easy money 
@brianmeidell So, because you're a damn breeder you get money? ;) That ain't fair. 
@stylescoop love charlottes boots wish i had the money though 
@MrFloydNL what laptop you get?  I'm getting a new one soon once i've raised the cash!
@ManuelViloria The other insight on this is.. You can always get money back. You can't get back lost time. 
@dannynic sounds like a money making opportunity 
@jkeyes i get them on a regular basis but mostly telling me I am out of cash again 
Mcmb was sillllllly tonightttt and dave making me spend all my money @ sonic =( ! I get to see my wifey on sundayyyyyyy 
Isn't finding money in your jean pockets the best feeling ever? 
work=money=books=happy me  Even though I don't always enjoy it, work really does make me happy 
robyn's was fun!!  we took sticky pics with ALL the sticky pic machines in dragon palace! almost did jusco, but we had no more money. ;[
@eyelash410 (though hurrah for organising and raising money for the akt!) 
Please pray that the youth sell all of their pies this am. They are raising money for camp. 
Then time to cash my fugly paycheck! 
@kms007 And I assume money is the issue? I think you should save up and do it! 
@mylender Here is my problem at this point-No money. I might be able to pull it off for $500. But, thats about $474.78 more than I got. 
@myrios  ah well, not like I'm filled with free money right now.  Just charged a car down payment 
@alliewayfilms it's true, and about dreams and money and it all  like the genie, ask and you will receive 
@halfwelshdragon  wish i wasn't so darn far away id buy cards ,,before they get here it's cost me a fortune 
@sjwalk_a  $$$ thats what lmao movies cost money, last check went to rent and bills 
@don_iain ...so instead of moving dodgy clip-art, areas rep different currency amounts and kids use fingers. Could work beyond money too 
@MrFloydNL  and yes i do want your money pleases 
Listening to cash cash on music choice. Thats awesome! 
@joeymcintyre I'd be there in a heartbeat if I could...but not job =no funds, but lack of funds can't stop the love we are all sending  
i love going out. wanna give me money for some new boootiess? 
@daisytalk yeah, I had a suspicion about that!! I think I'm going to come home and want to spend a ton of money on tools! 
@srhmae i think 30 bucks and i dunno 
Just went through my piggy bank, man there was a hell of a lot of money in there! I can easily live out of just it for the next 2 weeks 
@magh aw. you level up. haha but just try to manage your money. 
@LauriM could do, will the fact that its bank holiday make any difference? lemme check my money situation also 
@ronenk I'm not in it for the money. I'm in it for the good times. 
LOL. My moms present cost 69 dollars. 
Sulumits Retsambew is thinking: A billion here, a billion there, pretty soon it adds up to real money. 
@misterdevans Not living, just trying to earn the grocery money.  I do enjoy eating at least once a day!   
@MishaSaysRawr i'm totally gonna have money to actually buy a pair of shoes this time 
@KarlaaM_ A blouse! ahahaha I gave her money and she went to get it!  Where's your mom??
@loveashlay How about I make some more and bring u sum? 
only got 22.90 in tips last night.. (N) but he earned bulk money anywho 
@gnxmusic But I am with you... I hate doing it... can't we just make music and magically not have to worry about money  awe... sigh...LOL
starting tm alex and i are doing a whole week of no going out and spending money that we dont have. 
success! after much grumbling abt how we always waste money on useless gifts, mum sees the ipod nano and loves it 
@doc18 awesome! cheers man! don't know if i'll have much money left after todays shopping spree though! 
@superannuation haha i'll keep that in mind  so far, i reckon i have enough money to stop my hair greying when i retire ;D
@BrendaSimons do i wanna kno wat u mean by more than fine? Lol now i'm curious lol. I may have money by then  tis good too.
i need to make more of an effort to meet some of my best online friends like @aryanmaine  &lt;3 but damn the money it costs D:
spending more money on trademe, hope i got a bargain 
@visitor9627 I am sure the greeting card companies are losing money anyway with the changing forms of communication. 
@Ecosaveology hello, I'm the one managing beijingfairmont  this is my personal one, agree that u spend less when tweeting 
getting ready to WORKKK.. long day 1:30 to 10ish  money moneyyy
@AyeBloodyRight thank you millions! 
@MsBfly83 shit i am greedy ovver 2 thingd.. food and money .. 
@IronChefKristen well your definitly getting your money's worth! 
@cheeaun haha cool. let me pay tuition fees in my office first, then got basic d oni pay u tuition fees 
and by that I mean cash for gold. 
@cafedunoir absolutely!  just pitch in a few bucks for gas/tolls. u in? also we're passing out prospect cds after the show 
@PeterParks no doubt! we shld talk abt getting u onboard as #rockplat jv partner then. why just party when we can make money too right? 
I want a cigarette case ... for money and stuff not ciggs 
i just won 15 bucks in poker 
@ComplexMixShow killed it on the turn tables!! and @BootlegKev has sum little hoes screamin 4 him hehehe 
@AliciaSparkles great, save some cash cause while your down here we can party! 
I'm really hungry... but I need to ring up about a job. So which is more important, food or money? I think we all know the answer... 
getting prom shoes today with money i don't have because my friends threatened to buy them for me (i dont like when ppl buy me stuff lol) 
So glad to be back at school and see my peeps and make some money!  
@imgiseverything egoapp is awesome... very much worth the pennies. 
@realtalkprod Can we get a plate?? I paid my taxes this year so, technically that's my food anyway 
@Sassygirl4444 I grew up in bucks county! 
Just saw an interesting ad (Money + sleep = awesome) I can identify with that since i have neither 
@SairahHassan I knoooow! after trying to ask her a million times with the rediculous amount of Q's she was asked lol.. she was so nice 
I need some money, can anyone give me some? 
I am thinking - who has two million dollar ideas, please lend me one I'll compensate you, when the dollars start to roll in 
@clvngodess go to Joanns for fabric...and be sure to google joanns coupons, you can save money that way... 
has no money.. until tommorrow 
got my money and now playing some plants v zombies  talking to poppet and jason
http://www.adgateworld.com/?ref=suzanna   doing her daily surfing to earn cookie money 
making money  http://durrrrland.blogspot.com/
oo off to spend some birthday money 
Going to earn some money i guess, so i can buy my tickets for holiday!  x Going to get some new shoes too  x
this year from everybody I received money  taking out the camera the huge swing bed
@Flickie worth every penny! 
and for this 3 guys who buy this http://go2-url.com/anarid let twitter kno'w how money you made  good luck all who need free life!
@sassyback it is... and such a waste of money that could be better spent on other things... 
@turpentine2009 Yes  I'd rather have little money and a job I love, then lots of money and I job I hate.
@smart0y commercial bank shuwaikh... Just drew money from there... 
@Bess182 If I can find the money to travel I'm so there too! Looks wicked 
@Laaurenx i didnt but now have  and yes i will  and i didnt pay money for my body :')
If I had a million dollars.. 
 happy day cash cash party in your bedroom on xm radio
@josordoni bird! i am not homophobic, twas joke based on gaymen have more money because they dont have a woman..u windin me up ? 
@Money_Miitch aww 
@justpepita don't spend your money for such a stupid film!go into 17again or so 
I want this: http://tinyurl.com/qmrvty as a life size cardboard standee. I would pay A LOT of money to make it happen. 
just found 5 dollars hiding in my wallet !  (I probably shouldn't be as excited as I am haha)
My job is giving out O.T. every day on all 3 shifts! It's great, more overtime money to spend. I love the overtime money!! Can U tell 
chores for ticket money = fair trade 
@RosemiM I prefer spending money on overpriced food, that most likely isnt all that great for you than having to eat bajo. luvky you!! 
@Crrystalbabe the saving money refers to you  besides we're here to buy my sister her prom dress.
I'll just catch up to @dystorce later ;) I almost have enough money to buy another silver heart! So I can wear the suit for longer, yay 
I often wonder how I can spend so much money at the store and then I remember...It's because I have kids 
money blog is back up and running at 110% ....  the force is strong with this one
The benefit of bringing your own lunch-save money,no need to go out and you get to hogged the computer  for tweeting..haha 
soo tired gona go bak to bed ahah even though its 4 in the aftanoon..cant wait to get sum money and buy sum new hightops  bye
another week of unsuccessfulness!! wonder whether this email will lead to job interview!!!  fingers crossed need money!!
income tax department wanted told me I owed them money. After a meet up today, they told me they owe me money. How great is today? 
income tax department told me I owed them money. After a meet up today, they told me they owe me money. How great is today? 
@casualjim cigarettes - congratulations - you just earned a good bunch of money per year and life-extension 
playing petso.  i need money. haha.
@Kourdy hahaha... i'm going to work another shift just like it again tonight... it's only for the money 
@deathnotebook if its meant for you, its meant for you.  We have to share blessings. I guess the more money a person has, the more...
just got a gift card for 200,000.. unfortunately thats won not dollars 
shout outs 2 me 4 bein off dis after dis bitch bring me my money 
@dinnysaurus epic.  they better find a solution quick, or demand money back from them, even if they have nothing to do with it. XD
@ellysrazzledazz a small amount.  I'm looking at a low C 
@laurakim123 If u're feeling ill u should be at home resting...which I bet you aren't, costing ur company money in lack of productivity. 
The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any ...  
@m_lini good show  i was completely unaware of these, but how do they differ from the chit funds?
@natalie_cummins my money is on you 
@domgreen because it brings you money of course! 
I should read the post more often!  Scottish Power you owe me money! YEY!
just donated cash to childrens hospital boston.. I feel good. 
@JimmyTIght ahhh the life of a mucisian  It just aint as fun as making money off ur used panties hehe
@AHGreenwood re: ramz. I should hope so. You quadrupled the amount available. And you are welcome. 
now i can finally get my broke ass some money! 
@ajarofalmonds Note to self: A sleepy dad is a generous one. He just gave me 200 dollars when I asked for moneys 
@phlezk pay them? lol! not quite. they pay me. 
@apricot_13 cash = tax free 
@LouiseWinsall aww thankx  i have copious amounts of gifts 4 you!! cant wait to see you
I couldn't find any clothes I wanted in dunfermline, so I bought books. Money well spent?  I also bought a muffin 
my wallet thinks gambling is bad, lol...luckily i still got enough cash for tonight's adventures 
yayayay! got my 100 bucks dick smith voucher finally! 
needs to play the lottery to win some makeup spening money - grrrr 
@indieundies great! you should be able to make some extra bucks. 
Later at work! Money money money makes it funny 
@kittibell oo can i borrow? never seen it 
@virtualleader Intute have quite a few good resources 
@eric_powell Yes, I have been using @mintdotcom for a little over a year and I love it! It helps me keep track of where I waste my money! 
You made me feel like a million bucks you do ! 
@dougiemcfly ... will yous please come my prom please in newcastle, raised loads of money for a band and we WANT yous 
@timbuckteeth I hope so....have to check the finances 
is spending money on large band tshirts, just to cut them up. 
Stuffing my face with muffins while listening to Money grubbin.... fun 
@cvblack - I have time and no money. Not really sure how that fits. 
Is listening to some old school jay-z about to go cash my check and live my life like T.I. said to 
@cryssipop not gonna happen. money and stuff to do at home will keep me firmly planted here. have fun, though.   i'll be there in spirit.
getting my paycheck,cashin some of my paycheck,spendin some of my paycheck 
Just looked into @ASHtonCUTEsher wallet bitch has 7 dollars lmaoo broke much 
i love those machines that change coins to bills  im 47 dollars richer!
guess what my wireless internet bill is.... 127rupees  less than 3 dollars!
@pastornoey I've had money on that since about 4:30 this afternoon 
waiting for my auger money so I can pay for vacation 
needs to stop donating to every charity that asks for money. At least until my cash flow is under control. 
@Bsmooth6 u make beats I make lyrics let's make some money LOL 
got my Geulis (car) back, got my e71 back, still no money, still no good mood, still not well. but i'm alive 
Building houses for cheap! Not really making much money but happy to be working. 
hey, @majornelson only if they actually paid me money to search. by the way can you use your pull to have M$ make zune software for macs? 
I don't use money to buy happiness... I use it to buy off unhappiness! 
I was second place in poker tonight and got my money back.  Then we played blackjack, I did well 
.@SpacieStaycie so do you like the auction idea? it's anonymous!! you can have all the money, i just want the glory 
Still holding up good!  475 ppl left 306 make it in the money.
@some_devil41 living.    but for rent money: waitressing.  for passion: acting.
@Bendels rly? me get money?  seeee? i said you you're way too nice dory~ damn right, we'll rock up those foreign countries
@AlanahC so the devil wears prada has a song called 'nickels is money too' and i think of u every time it plays 
On the train listening to cash cash 
TGIF!!  cash dayyy!!! $kachinnng$
#3breakupwords out of cash! 
@in_photography ..money talks 
