Most common words for this cluster:
[('month', 302), ('week', 39), ('year', 15), ('day', 14), ('months', 11), ('weeks', 7), ('half', 7), ('days', 7), ('http', 7), ('com', 6), ('lol', 6), ('summer', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'month', 0.9701586365699768), (u'week', 0.9191509485244751), (u'year', 0.7739285826683044), (u'weeks', 0.7191646099090576), (u'day', 0.709407389163971), (u'months', 0.6887688636779785), (u'summer', 0.6502570509910583), (u'days', 0.6465307474136353), (u'weekend', 0.6416062712669373), (u'fortnight', 0.5995189547538757)]





@triner Too bad you couldn't wait another month or so for me to sell mine. 
i had twitter for a month now and still can't figure it out.  
Less than a week until the month of being out of town begins. 
missing my awesomely sexxxy marine.... can't believe he'll be gone in a month.. 
@EricsTXGal I have been for a week or so and it don't seem to be working to well this year 
Has way too much to do over the next month. 
i'm ready to go home... but still have a month+ ahead of me. 
@mistertroy 1000?  How long have you been on here?!  I've only made 31 in about a month 
@TwinkleTessa theyre not coming  they were here like a month ago
mum and dad going away for 6 months in one week 
@CrazyEcho I hope you talk to me more than once a month 
wishing that trivium &amp; heaven shall burn was less than one month away 
is trying to figure out why she gets tired of guys after a month... 
@jonbwhite I think you win for amazing quote of the month... too bad we can't publish it anywhere 
another month chugs along 
I am remembering a very important person that i lost 12 months ago this weekend... 
rejected.... again  2 supermarkets within a month... not good. I NEED A JOBBB!
I'm nervous....I haven't been for a spinn in over a month...I think I might die or lose a lung 
hubby got laid off.. this month really can't get any better  
Postage rates go up this month 
it's still a month for me to go to england 
sigh..staring at another very tight month..when will hikes come back 
@alexeld i'd love to m8, seriously, but i'll be moving house the week before then going away for a month the day after the race 
Only 1 more month and 19 more days.       NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!     
No F1 for a whole week...   at least it's not just a pressesion this year!
@nell_xo - No, not yet! I haven't seen you in what, like a month!  Where do you want to meet me la?
Feeling very sad after an emotional day ... more packing to do and then chilling with @ianjukes before we have to say goodbye for a month 
@e1212oL I don't think we'll get to play any time soon... I leave for the Philippines in less than a week. And I'll be gone for a month 
311 is still around, and has a new album coming out next month. 
not looking forward to the first full week of work in about a month 
going out of town next week until the whole month of may 
not looking forward to the next month 
I wish I was going to see we the kings next month 
Ahhh mismatched schedules for the next month 
i can't believe i miss out on mothers day by 2 weeks  oh well there is always next year
http://twitpic.com/4wuyp - asehmon's been missing for over a month and i miss him! 
@whedonesque I was really hoping that the viewing figures would be better this week. 2.8 million 
My month don't clean my room.....    
I thought my stalker had left me but it turns out he just took a five month hiatus 
longest month ever.  
needs an apartment for no more then 800 a month utillities included would be nice. ahhh to dream what is not to be 
@Raizak I do the same, I tell myself i won't spend to much this month, but i always do 
@totonicki That's terrible, we just took a stray there a month ago. 
@kkwicked aww I was posting it for a month that there was a sale  including on my blog.
Feeling a little nostalgic and sad- the theme of the month, I guess. 
so this month i'm working over 60 hours per week....  why???  
I haven't seen @MichaelCox for a month :O 
not even half way through the month , and i'm already broke 
@scodal are you only an expeditor too? i didn't make $100 so i have to wait until next month to get paid. 
@maryrosepugs Same here     only a month left
not wanting the next month and a half to end at all 
I just realised that I've got no more $$ for petrol this month!!  I need to make 1/4 tank last 2 weeks ...
@ddlovato this has been a stressfull month for me to think how to get you reply me.you did to your other fans but me.how sad 
is soooooo stressed this month.....ugh 
Up rocking my 7 month old who's not feeling to good right now 
@mjd I just need some bandwidth  all used up for this month
@DontEverThink I actually found out who won about a month ago lol, possibly more than that actually... accidentally 
I feel like I haven't had a normal nights rest in weeks... I'm sure that I have but I've been tired for like a month 
@Cryovat I'm curious to see how long it'll take. The whole process took about a month for me 
One of the books I ordered isn't being released for another month due to delays. 
@CarmaDee i graduate in a month 
back to work next week after 8 months off ... 
@ShaylaDeVine  must be nice i havent had sex in a month 
I called it about a month ago and it was gone...I was blown 
Is on an epic FAIL this month 
I feel like flying off somewhere. It's been a month since my last trip... 
@batbuick .. .great.. you can buy me lunch when i get my 10-15% pay cut next month.. 
No B2G1 for me.  Trying to save cash for next month's vacation.
@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month early than we do. booo 
@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month earlier than we do. booo 
comforting drewsky...listening to a 4 month old's cough is heartbreaking!  
Missing my bub  one more month!
Definitely not looking forward to my traveling the next month.... 
and now it sets in that he's really leaving for a month 
1 month later i sorta wish i went downtown on 420 
just packed up the 0-3 month clothes  big boy now!
@angelaprongs  how will I live without you for a month?
Two months after resigning,  one month after leaving and I still don't have my final payment, P45, P60 and final wage slip 
and i've only got one day off a week for the next month and a bit 
@Djennings22 I've been feelin like that all month 
a month and 1/2 2 wait 
@amyjackson10 i was supposed to go to the first audition at the O2 this month, but bottled out and didn't go 
 they're going to throw my 3 month old roses... haha!
I MISS BESTFRIENDS!  one month of holiday-----------
@dhatfield I am really really REALLY bummed I missed it.  This is something I looked forward to for a month.
@donabiola he moves away in a month. I don't want to ruin our friendship at this point. So I'll tell him then b/c I see it ending badly. 
@syellefan88 i know  monday will make a month
@sally_cinna_mon just one week...I'll see them on 30 august...two months!!! 
summer is officially over  yet another month to strip off the calendar.
@joeag argh  what yr are you in? what subject you doing? i've got them next week too
One month to go. Kakayanin pa. 
my final month in taipei 
@sarahdparker same here.. only it hid a month ago 
why is half-term so short? so not ready for this week coming. 
I'm done cooking for like, a month. I'm so TIRED 
so i didn't go to church this morning anywhere because i think the last month finally caught up with me. i am still so tired too 
no more 360 for another 3 weeks, or even a month  I miss it already
@wblom End of month - bad bad bad  lol
Dance is over for a month 
@pinkytoy I started a month before u na sis. 
@shireman I'm not a big fan. They've replaced mine twice and this one has been randomly resetting itself for a month. 
@JennaSchubart I'm sooo jealous.. I have seen them in a month! 
awwww this months book of the month is one I already have  just my luck.
pound at seven month dollar high  hopefully peaking and not still rising...
must do workk! jam packed month ahead 
@bogwhoppit Not yet, tbh not asking to go out, but I can't have my windows open  I will in the next month or so
exhausted after my day with a four year old and a four month old.. but i miss them 
why must there still be 6 month until new moon ? 
@urbanwide Was hoping to use my wheelchair this month 
@akpanio what did u get me mine was only just over a month ago 
@JackBastide I didn't!  I could use that extra $/month so I can work less!
@ilovemakonnen the only problem is, whatever they announce next week might take another month to become available 
looks like no Moments show today   hopefully later this month or then beginning of next month.
Vision is great!!!! But no racquetball for a month  http://myloc.me/2iSX
One month without issues. That's all I'm asking for here. Obviously, that won't happen for at least four months 
@Embraceurlife I don't think she does them anymore  She didn't do it last month, &amp; I don't see it on the site.
Heading into the final week that I have been dreading all year 
see you next month 
@heymissy I looked up my horoscope on astrologyzone. It was scary bad. It's my bday month,I don't need a bad month! 
I am so not ready for this month.... 
@kat_marshall its the end of the month - and iv spent all of my wages already  darn only getting 8 hrs a week 
Last year, around this month I would skydive every weekend....I miss the andreline rush, I miss skydiving 
this is going to be a long month... 
Heading to the airport. I am doomed for a month.   
@FUZQFD847 Sounds wonderfull! If only I could afford $99.00 a month. 
is getting nervous about turning 27 next month! 
With jeremy at the hospital. He gets sick like everyother month seriously. 
ugh!!!!! i'm 500 dollars short for bills this month!!!!!! 
Just realized I forgot to pay my bicycle rent for the month. I hope it doesn't get confiscated 
http://twitpic.com/6ioe2 - (one week old) 3 months in less than an hour. 
@serious14 next month, get paid monthly 
@jonathanAsmith a month and a bit!! Coming back soon though 
it has been a month since i last twitterd; and that was about twilight..... now im twittering that i cant believe im ready the last book! 
being lathargic and doomed although i hav a report to start and finish it this month which is soo so &quot;exciting&quot;   ...... i hate to wo ...
@bisante     :O     i still have nearly a month till summer!   
@MewPaperArts mine stopped working about a month ago, so i just disabled that feature 
@rcsanford i am still not over the fact that you are moving to #greenville the month that i am leaving 
I hope MoneyWell is wrong about this month 
A month of math, great 
4-month well baby visit... with 4 shots.  Not fun 
@linkypoo4u you got that right!!  i really don't look forward to the beginning of each month these days 
@soupwiththefork I don't have a picture of me in it.  I ordered a new one and I won't get it until next month!
very upset future hubby deploying next month and i cant afford to fly up there to see him before he leaves me for a year 
I return to work a month from monday...and I'm not looking forward to it. 
I just realized i can start catching crab's in less than a month! yes it sounds awful, but they taste so good. wait i can't recover now 
hanging out w/ Hays...it's our last day together for a month 
@anneSkim no. i just forgot to put in this month's check and i had to pay tuition 
i just realized that the month may was the funnest month ever . unforgettable 
what a difference a month makes 
@carriehartford ....three new three in a week is not good though. Two would have done another month, the other another year 
@carriehartford ....three new tyres in a week is not good. Two would have done another month, one another year. 
Ah, but they are also changing my plan to less downloads/month 
@beccaweeks he was already in the uk last month 
No free load for this month? 
wish I wasn't so poor and could actually have fun this summer.  raise in about a month!!!!! so maybe then???
Hot chocolate in bed.... You can tell I'll be 30 next month 
packing for a month is hard..  i should be used to it by now?
@BjLawson I just got this  next month you have to come!! It was really good!!
@patricknorton gas prices have gone up 60 cents over the past month 
Aww, I didn't know the last TItanic survivor had died last week.  She was only 2 months old when the boat sank.
@coriluvnthedon of course! Exactly one month away 
Trying to re-imerse myself back into my online communities after about a month...not working very well 
Not looking forward to moving up classes next month 
@FlameSlippers lol i do want to. i miss you guys.  not yet, i'm spending a month in the states and then moving to bangkok in july
doesn't want to see the bill this month 
still 4 month til the Miyavi show.. 
Driving my 10-year old to a week away at summer camp.... 
my head hurts..you know how you have a bad week?well this is a bad month 
@kimberlyng I quit more than a month ago  I'm jobless now :/ you still work at f21?
@kinzalol :'( i wont see you for a month! 
it's hard being a girl.. particularly every month. 
@prolificd at least a month 
@barblg33 it used to be unlimited then they changed it and limited me to 12 gig per month i've gone over it and still have 10 days left 
urgh, a month off has really hurt my fitness. 1:40 plank 
@ddlovato and @Jonasbrothers only 6 hours left. It's been over a month now  So excited! I cant wait!!
to him*... have you forgotten me after not talking for almost a month? 
too bad i have to starve myself for the rest of the month 
@kevinpsb ahhh, so sorry  I have a possible paid gig but it's not for much $$ &amp; not until next month  But it's writing, so yay!
is not ready for the next day, week, month... 
I think my laptop won't last further than one more month 
Has to wait another month to get my braces off 
this is the last one of the month 
@mrspaulkjonas yeah i figured. someone mentioned her to me a month or so and i was looking into it and never removed it. sorry 
lost my debit card twice in one month... 
@BrookeGehr boooo.. you're leaving me for an entire month 
@82kg ...and then you post once  a week... and then you post once a month... and then once a bluemoon.... sigh 
2day's 6/16..he leaves in less then a month 
@roblawton i will be so jealous, i cant afford one til next month 
No buying clothes this month.  
bought this month's cleo but its singapore edition.  http://plurk.com/p/11by4i
#haveyouever lost 3 wallets in one month? 
@IrishLad585 i'll try although twitterberry is being uncooperative and not letting me upload photos for the past month or so 
is suddenly thinking I've not done anywhere near enough hours this month 
@FotoLuna over a month for a new lens ?  djeez 
Seems like yesterday I gave birth to my nine month old. And she'll be 1 in 3 months 
Just spent $41 on gas...a month ago it was only $25 
@JenTheArmyWife awww, lucky lucky! I haven't IMed/cammed with mine in over a month  they need to port soon!! lol
@pelagiapais yes i have about a month left before i close the shop 
i HATE this month 
i'm so tired in every possible way...i have had enough of this month! 
@theDebbyRyan I know what its like not being able to go to prom. I couldnt go cause I was in the hospital for over a month 
@_gnosis And now I find out not being released until next month 
@ericasmilezz can you go to mias friday pleaaaase?  if not then i cant see you for another month.
@fortyoneacres lol i tried to change my pic like a month ago it just disappeared on me and now everytime i try 2 upload a new one: FAIL 
@mollyfoggsims it won't be fixed til like next month 
@creolepatra No she's coming next month...she has to get the seeds situated...she is so angry that you two 18th's can't get it in! 
Gooodbye Tweeeeters  i'm off to vietnam for a month! I'll tweet you guys when I get there!
Hayfever really pissin me off everyday for the last month now!! 
i should really win today  #squarespace have had a crappy year/month/day so far.
@DoktorAndy true, but we won't know for another month and a half or so 
Today has been so boring. Babysitin a 3 month old is not fun after a while 
Just had the second fish funeral in the space of a month.  
@ijustine That's cause you pay over $99 a month for your phone bill.  I pay $98 a month so I got screwed again. 
@amber_eubanks About a month ago.  The videos irritate me.  
I did 18,500 last month. I thought I had a record. 
@saykendrawithme ugh it's so frustrating  I'll be 16 in a month but it's not very comforting knowing that
@rlangdon The reason I said that is because I remember being almost addicted to it. And haven't touched it in about a month 
@IndieMcGee I'm really tempted!  But it's more $$ a month for me.... 
Maybe both! But it will have to wait a bit as I am poor for this month! 
I just spilled purple nail polish on my 2 month old kitten. 
I'm so getting capped this month. 5 Days in and I'm at 25% .. 
many tasks due this month... not sure whether i can get it done or not... 
@kennyhyder except it would cost me $50 a month 
@deepakmodi My write/review cycle has been going on for a month now 
MacBook won't start anymore... broken after 1 month! o.0 very disappointing 
only another month, going to miss you maggie 
its been raining like all month 
@JackAllTimeLow p.s. i just wanted to say that i can't believe it's already been a month since i saw you  but i get to see you next month!
i hate bein a woman at least once a month 
a month nd a half just turned to two weeks 
more rain....14 days so far this month 
He's trying to be patient but it is tough...has been over a month now 
@JasonBradbury not fare I want one debut have 10 month left on my contract 
@PsychicVeg over paid? WTF are you on? i'll be lucky to break even this month 
@Enduring24 Lol....he's offshore...been gone for a month already 
minku's gone to korea for 1 month now.  x
@theartoftech Are you serious??? That happened to me last month. 
@ashisha I had my anniversary just a week back 
@CanonThom tell me if you think it's worth it! I can't believe I just had to replace mine a month ago and now a new one comes out. 
@ImajicArt 3 month cancer battle. 
@JonathanNail I can get rid of them for $350 a month 
#inaperfectworld I'd get 2 yrs maternity leave instead of 1... just over a month left 
@CHRISTINETPHAM Just wait out this month.. it should come this month or next month 
@MichiiLopez A month 
@atpce I hope so too  I haven't backed up this month.  
tired! wahh! it's been only 4days and it feels already like a month passed me by!! 
http://twitpic.com/7vsho - with the late great rod roddy.  only about a month before his passing.  
@christaaaah I feel the same way! And I was next to him just a month ago. 
exactly one month of brake left! 
@pkrattray I'm moving in wit terrell this month.I don't treat you bad.... I'm sorry 
Depressed to discover my registration was due last month. This is going to put a hurting on my budget for the next few weeks. 
Last month I was very nervous and now I'm very sad   I love you @Jonasbrothers
What should my next job be? This one ends next month, then I'm down to one day a week 
http://twitpic.com/7z3w0 - Last month when i really burnt my back  Ouchies!!
one month ago i was the most happiest person.. n now.. ijustwannadie 
4 Deaths in a month what have i done wrong to deserve this 
CWTS will ruin my 3 day weekend this year 
one month to go before my bday! turning 23 
managed to lose my cell of one n a half month 
one month... imissusofuckingmuch  &lt;3
@radiocolin &amp; i've been sick and not around the last month and a half- don't make me sad 
How has it been a month and a half since graduation???? 
@Idristwilight only been viewed 40 times since I posted it this month 
@joelgratcyk I could! For one month probably, then I'd be broke  That's really expensive!
@oliveshoot every month 
@jedijon All I know is that i have been very exhausted all month. 
Man I hope this next month goes like it should pray for me 
Watching videos of myself as a 9 month old made me almost cry!  I miss when i used to be cute
@Mangorunner I looked at the weather calendar there were only 6 sunny days this month and about 10 last month. Too much sad rain 
@macbella2 a month I think 
I have a good day  Then get told summin that makes me feel so fucking worried  of what might happen in the next month 
@giventofly_0 probably take about a month to recover from that one lol...off to gadget show live in a couple of weeks 
@yarmando Only the month?   Congrats!
yay birthday in a month!! 
@r27 s missed it, this month... I will get u next month  haha pinch and a punch watch out mate. 
@marylandgirl I do. One month old little girl 
@tmooresv3 Did you finish first last month  ?
is eighteen in a month. 
trying to enjoy the last month of summer 
 i will can you believe its been a month already!
@teddypork Not just yet - let's wait until next month - I will jump along with you 
@bobishi wow a month already! happy anniversary 
@MelBrooke happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month 
@ImagesAndWords or so a month. I put my 2 week's notice in a little over a week ago, my last day is this friday! 
For those of us who's hearts break a little more this time of year know that you are loved and next week is a new week. 
@sarahnd for nearly a month!!  So exciting 
@myredpimento heylow my pikung what is up? next month next month cannot waiiit 
@jchutchins Doing some personal research into mental issues this month, I see. 
@THEsaragilbert I just fed, changed and put to sleep our 5=month old twins...now I get to wind down for bed myself 
@damog You weren't selected randomly.   I'll explain in a month or so.   
I'd rather see you once a year, than someone else seven days a week. 
Exactly one month til my birfday 
@greengirl74 @MrJamesMillar i'm so working on that in a month!! 
@BertaWooster really hope so, probably it will be out in a month or 2 
@jamers90 I'll be 16 next month 
cannot wait to see the @Jonasbrothers in 3 months and 1 week!!! 
@_ks92 uh you know how we were wondering when is asian month? it's may! 
@mathewbaranow Give me a month and a bit 
http://twitpic.com/5ex7v - One month old photo 
thinking turning 21 in a month and 4 days is sweet 
mums gone back to spain now, but she'll be back in about a month 
@sharaliou OR it could've been the family I spend 30 hours a week with who have all been sick for a month... I dunno... 
One week 'till half term and coincidently a week off that I've booked. 
The start of the busiest week of the year. We can do this 
realizing i really need to laundry... its been a month or two... eh it can wait another week or two 
been away almost a month, but I am still alive 
@JaneYee I book my appointments a month in advance now. 
@AWildDog he just turned 7 last month 
@Pandaran i hope so  or else i'll be paying for it for a month lol
@ddlovato just tell us the month!! 
My #followfriday is coming up - I only do it once a month now so WATCH THIS SPACE! 
@katiemichelle5 who has $500 laying around to save every month? NOT ME! haha and correction it would be $6000 
