Most common words for this cluster:
[('mood', 680), ('moods', 23), ('weather', 17), ('lol', 17), ('day', 16), ('http', 14), ('com', 12), ('today', 11), ('im', 11), ('night', 11), ('swings', 10), ('attitude', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'mood', 0.9715670347213745), (u'moods', 0.7173363566398621), (u'tone', 0.5709555745124817), (u'feeling', 0.5691876411437988), (u'sombre_mood', 0.564490556716919), (u'attitude', 0.5625030398368835), (u'vibe', 0.5608929991722107), (u'vibes', 0.5543805360794067), (u'sentiment', 0.5535690188407898), (u'tense_Capt._Marghis', 0.5509176254272461)]





Doing my taxes. Not in the best mood because of this 
back at work.... and not in the mood 
is in a proper shitty mood 
not in mood  hate it,, got a hedache!! but still have a homework to do, huh!
ergh really shitty mood again. bored of not being able to move now, really  and i want to go the pub later!!!
in a good mood then bang your not in one anymore!!! 
@msmissee LOL! I did!! He wasn't playing very nice! So I caught a little attitude 
Going home to stew in my bad mood 
is in one of the worst moods ever 
@NostrilDamus seriously wish I owned it and could be watching it, been in the mood to watch it for awhile now 
totally lost the studying mood. totally cannot get down to work. hai. 
you guys should see my mood right now 
i need to do art, but I'm reaally not in the mood 
not so good mood 
I'm officially in a bad mood....I don't enjoy it 
@chaitee Not info so much as... my crazy changeable moods 
nuuu. Not school. Plsno.  not in a good mood.
I am getting into a bad mood for no reason  I hate these hormones
bad mood now 
no mood for school 
Mood today - 
Just posted a political rant and deleted it.  I'm just not in the mood for that discussion. 
is not in a good mood 
mum in bad mood and I'm copping it  grr
@SirBathingApe Just one of those nights  just in a crappy mood..
hmmm drunk,... but totally not in a good mood 
I dont know why I'm in such a bad mood. 
I am upset about something but i don't know what it's about  gaaah. mood swing man 
not in the mood for fun 
oopss late againn..not in the mood for goin out at all 
tried, about to go to sleep &lt;3 in a bad mood 
not in the mood... 
is not in a good mood. 
I'm not in the mood of studing!!!!!!!!! but i have to 
is in a good mood apart from these achey pains! 
my lead is in a bad mood  i hope its not me!
I should be getting on with my photog project, but I'm just not in a mood for it 
Not in the mood to get in trouble 
Mood just got killed 
is in the mood to watch firefly, but no one to watch with 
active mood in static condition  wondering whether it is really what i want or just from jet lag.
no in the best mood 
I really should be writing some music but sadly I haven't been in the mood 
Not in a good mood... 
One is in a mighty pissed off mood... as none of the helpful advice on rebooting it has worked 
im not in the mood to hang out. 
night sooooo tired! still funky mood 
@amazingphoebe you tell me not to take my bad moods on you, but you just did then?  oh well, it doesn't matter 
not in a good mood  ! and i think i have hypothermia ^o) ?
qettin ready;;; not in  the mood to qo to school todayy 
In such a bad mood 
is really not in a very good mood. 
@ronenk lol, cool clip... your mood is killing me. I will cry now. 
My mood is off because of she 
These cramps are killlin' my party mood 
Trying to keep the depressive/melancholic mood away from me, but am failing. I haven't got a life 
in such a odd mood  not cool.
@Vixxenkiss they never work  they just change the mood I wake up in- generally very grumpy and its tantrum galore lol
@saramdiamond I dont know! You know those days when you're not in a good mood? It's just like that 
my first day of final. it's explained my mood swing. 
@Sylverz I'm in the mood for reading angsty poetry 
@djbcause  Sending you good vibes...
mood: sad that i missed your tweets 2nite 
omg i'm in such a bitchy/pissed off mood right now. ugh RIHROAFHF RAGEEEEEEE 
so tirrrrrred  and reallly not in the mood for school either ..
i'm not in the mood of twittering 
Ugh i'm in a bad mood now and i just need someone to talk to 
is not in a happy mood 
in a sad mood 
wishing i was in a good mood right nowww 
in a really bad mood 
Such a bad mood.   http://bit.ly/3mYHBS
is in a worse mood still &amp; now has to go to work 
no mood to studyyy howwwww. 
Should probably revise maths but so not in the mood. No plans for tonight 
@Chaos33176 cuz im kinda in a sour mood 
very sore   i wish it would stop hurting.. but my mood is not crazy bipolar manic anymore. i'm now more happy but not hyper.
@AnotherJulia yes, know what u mean  u never know the mood of person the other end
so not in the mood 
Not in a receptive mood..Nothing goes in 
was in a good mood untill she looked at her bank balance 
not in mood, sumone plse help me!!!!! 
feels very confused by the weather and is not inthe mood for job hunting 
suddenly my jolly mood is saddened by memories of a person i used to really like.. 
I am in a foul mood this morning. Not sure why 
not in a good mood rite now!!!!!!!! 
I can't do anything and not even in the mood to get up out of bed 
is in a bad mood... need cheering up 
In a rather somber mood, I just want to be with my fam right now. They wasn't lying when they said life isn't fair 
mood is going down  ,
My good mood has been completely ruined 
Not in a good mood anymore 
my mood hits a new low. damnit 
I hate my bad moods. 
I am not having a good week..I'm really not in the mood for any more troubles. 
pretty miserable and empty.. :/ i think singing landlocked blues over and over probably isn't helping my mood much..  i should sleep...
Not in the mood to do anything... 
Confused right now !!!!!!! not in a good mood ................!!!!!!!!1 
haven't twittered all day long, but i don't feel like it. im in a really bad mood right now 
Its music time what should I listen too I'm kind of in a bad mood now 
Listening too john mayer do too the mood I'm in tonite I love this song gravity its so me 
I am not in a good mood 
i dont have the mood yet..im still feeling down &amp; sad.. 
the hyper mood is fading 
@makavellirayne nah the lights killed the mood now you got to get out my bed 
not so good mood.. 
not in the mood 
had a horrible sleep + in a rather bad mood 
I am NOT in the mood for a long car drive 
so not in the mood to go to work, but i guess it's gotta be done 
bad mood now 
The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood. 
in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
@Scath that's a defeatist attitude 
angry, sad, happy, excited, i hate how my moods change  right now i am immensely sad =\
in a very stress mood 
its weird how thinking about may 2nd totally changed my crappy mood to happiness...i miss @honorsociety so much 
dam bad mood doesn't mean you gotta go take it out on me!!!  now im frustrated angry and i miss my fried noodle 
has just re-writen the lyrics from never give up to have to give up on you. sad and emotional experience  i'm in a very synical mood 2day
is in a bad mood with a side of feeling sick 
Bad moods are fun. 
Eatting sushi. Not treally in the mood for it tho 
not in a good mood- when do i get cut a break 
Still in a terrible mood  Like for real!
im soooo tired and i have absolutely nothing to do but im not in the mood to go to sleep 
has the worst mood swings. 
Eating sushi but I'm in a bad mood 
In one of those moods where I feel like I must decided on a specific career or industry right now. I'll never be able to choose. 
flynn is in a mood  koko is laying next to me :@  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6895272
@mzsallyv i can't study  i'm in a shitty mood
I feel so so so crap all of a sudden. I thought these unstoppable mood swings had gone 
I'm in a foul mood 
damnit. i have no mood to do that assignment. 
not in the best of moods 
@xxdePinkLadyxx meh not in the mood studyin 
up this morninq, qivinq thanx to qod. but im not in the best of moods 
The mood n state off mind that I'm currently in....I wanna be high as a kite and get on these swings..and I'm nt even a smoker 
mood: very sad  gone drinking
in a really bad mood, dono whys :\ 
in the worst of moods. Uggghhhhhh! 
In a bad mood now  So long awesome mood day 
why have i been in such a bad mood lately?? this has to end. i dont like being sad....i wish i was happy 
 someone needs to get out of the bad mood they're in.
@green_i_girl  it's cool. I'm drinking a tad but not in the mood tonight.
not in a happy mood! sometimes life isn't fair 
is not in the mood to attend any con...  http://plurk.com/p/xamra
7 pounds was really depressing.  it dampered my mood lol
Not in the going out mood 
 Totally in a cuddling mood and have no one to cuddle with
having bad mood now, so damn hot, I just want to anything cold 
arghh. i'm soososos not in the mood to do assignments. i can't do sor 
I'm in the mood to go quad biking. I miss my brothers! 
i am in a really weird mood grr i'm just so not in the mood to deal with people but at the same time i miss everyone so much 
ahh, doing my mood board, looks soo badd 
iz not in study mood 
i think im in an even worse mood than friday. I miss lou 
is in a superrrr badd mood. 
feeling nauseaus  this has managed to drop my mood from way up high to the size of pea.
I'm in quite a mood, and for no reason that I can think of. 
Morning all,sun is shining but i'm in a rotten mood 
@ShoshAzez shut up i hate that yestrday i was in good mood &amp; u not 2day ur in good mood im not why life so  complicated 
is in the worst mood ever. even night at the museum 2 couldn't cheer me up..and i love ben stiller!! 
my moods just dropped 
so not in the mood to wake up this early 
In retrospect to last tweet. Despite always being in the mood for banana pancakes I've never actually had any 
i'm losing my good mood now.. 
off to work 10 to 5 not in the greatest of moods 
Why is it when you think someone likes you, they don't and actually like two other people, one of whom is your friend. Mood - upset 
Trains put me in a whingy, whiney, moany mood... 
i have so many dishes waiting for me to wash, and i am not in the mood to wash them 
Ugh, some woman is ruining the mood by smoking... 
@karmachord actually no, just feeling glum 
~sigh~ Now I'm in a bad mood.  http://tinyurl.com/nukhbf #igda
@followelsie I'm just realising that it was ridiculous to think I could get this much done this weekend. in a very bad mood 
Everything is getting on my nerves today....not in a great mood 
@DiaBabiieSODMG im not in tha mood 
My mood has just sunk like the titanic 
@xAngerella aww,  at least ur not in a bad mood
I should be reading right now. But I'm not in the mood. 
Suddenly in a really unhappy mood. 
is not in the best of moods 
Wahoooooooooo, in a good mood, but i cba to get ready! URGH college  xox
my mood- grrrr 
So not in the mood to run 
blahhhh  not a good mood
i don't want to start a new week.  blah i have awoken to quite the pissy mood 
I woke up in a good mood, until I checked the news.  now I don't know what to think 
in a bad mood as there is apparently no sun cream 'that is mine' so now i don't wanna go out cause i'll burn 
not in da mood 
in a foul mood and don't know why 
i am in a foul mood, I want to yell at everyone 
feelin that kombucha buzzz, I'm in a tannin mood but no sun 
My bad attitude was identified......I r ashamed 
@Jennibelles I havent printed any out yet! I am going to beg to go. But I need my parents in a good mood first! 
I hate bein in a bad mood! and on a sunny day too!!! 
@sln_x Why worst mood ever? 
@Applecored i don't think he is in the best of moods 
in a funky mood and I don't really know why  grrrr
i am so NOT in the mood for revising philosopht atm ... but reaaaally have to 
is laying around, not really in the mood for anything.  
@MrSoulja I feel u I just found out sum shit that really disappointed me so I'm in the same mood 
nott in a good mood... 
At dance and not in the right mood to do it 
I'm in a terrible mood right now.  Too much happening at once.
@MadamSalami im in a chirpy mood today, im not sure how long it will last, but ill enjoy the moment lol! i want cake too 
not in the mood for studying, bollocks! ruined 
I need to be revising but I'm not in the mood  stupid chemistry. Why did I take if again?
mood suddenly not good. I am moody and I am such a failure, disaster. 
In the funkiest mood 
The stupid subtitiles in the movie is lowering my mood. 
@PaperGangstahhh not in the mood. 
not in the good mood 
i'm SO tired of having bad dreams  i wake up in a horrible mood for no good reason.
bad mood  i hate fighting.
What happened that everyone is in a bad mood. . . 
bad mood  i need chocolate and a milkshake
i'm babysitting and not in a good mood! 
and I'm not in a good mood cause I have no phone 
A little tired of being here :/ (mood=bummed) 
@DAChesterFrench Tried to call, but no dial tone 
just brought my mood down a lil .. 
is slacking off, but just not im the mood to study after not sleeping for 2 nights. 
Never slept last night with this heat and now is in a bad mood 
watching the biggest loser on hallmark..urgh i really don't have the mood to study 
Bad mood  not in the mood for talking
@thisiscaliluv Can i get a shoutout too, im in a sad mood and it would really cheer me up 
@TheSourceress Lol, sorry i thought you were talking about ions, it's a negative huge mood 
not in the mood for lunch,since I noticed that I'm losing weight ,which is bad sign ,because I'm already slim 
is in a mood because her future is going nowhere 
This is my mood today    http://bit.ly/fJqjd
is in a playfull mood and no one wants to play 
crap.!! not in the mood again..my master said that he can't go here tonight 
sad, miserable and in a totally bad mood since this morning 
I am in such a mood today, i have no idea why!!! I can't wait to be able to take a nap, haha 
so sleeeeeeeepy  not in the mood for revising.. im scared at how un-motivated i seem to be...
Not in a good mood 
such a bad mood 
is in a mood  its thundering and lightning on a fridayv night whyyy !!!!  i was supposed to be going out as well  
drawing, thinking, not in an inspired mood 
I am so not in a working mood right now 
@gylda I have to be in the mood...but I lose equilibrium easily 
ughhhh, weekends here but im not in the mood  i just feel like sitting in a corner right now
in a bad mood 
just got my check and needless to say it was anything but good  i'm in a depressed mood right now;;
this weather is putting me in a verrrrry sluggish mood 
In such a wierd mood. 
:-/   :-?=my mood sequence today.
is alone and in a crappy mood. i don't even think that mcfly can get me out of this one 
I'm in such a weird blah mood. I feel like I should just go to bed but I don't want to 
@sdunlop yes but was in a very bad mood 
@lupilups  yo stoy en fml mood
About to go to work, really not in the mood 
felt of bed, now I am working on my music, it is raining and the mood isn't that great 
hungry i have no mood 
You would think that I would be able to snap out of this pissed off mood.... But I just can't 
still sick,still in a bad mood,still sore 
is I'm in mood to cary  http://plurk.com/p/yv7vx
sooo quite.. Wondrin' when y're mood's cumming back... Hhh.. 
#meh maybe I was not in the mood, maybe I was sleepy... but I didn't like RocknRola 
It's gloomy outside. I'm afraid my mood might match 
u macam takde mood 
wants to go out tonight!!! damn radio tunage putting me in the mood! 
I'm really in a bad mood 
@Nekrosangelo hungover.. still.. and just generally tired and the weather doesn't help the mood.. it's just one of those days 
It's amazing how fast u can go from a good mood to a bad one 
@skyecollie yes she has been in a mood - she didn't even share the chocolates with me.  
@justjosephjonas ohh that one. well he doesn't love me! you can ask him. im in a depressing song mood! i'm sad 
 bestee went to get pamperd wit out me (sike) she invited me but me not in the mood. i still &lt;3 her tho!!!!
 funny how quick yr mood can change.
In a sad mood 
No where to go. I don't have the mood to go out. 
in the worst mood ever 
another crappy mood day  still hiding out in my apt. why can't i just get over it?
Current mood: disappointed 
@2manyoverdrafts umm, see that's the attitude I was talking about 
Mood: bored 
my mood just went down 
mommys in a bad mood 
in a weird mood 
Not in a great mood at the moment.  
I'm in such a blah mood 
Not in a good mood, right now. 
sad tonight, not really in a good mood.  
not in a good mood though, going into seclusion for the rest of the evening 
This weather is making me in a bad mood 
@kimberlinbolton what the french is taking so long? I take it that's killing your mood to go out tonight?? 
in the worst mood 
Not in a particularly happy mood 
Not in the mood 
what a night. back to my bad mood  aarr
My boss is not in a good mood 
I've been in a weird mood all night. I hate being the odd one out 
My boss is not in a good mood 
With my honeyy not really in the mood to go out 
@jesssicaraymond thunderstorm...? i fricking woke me up... now im in a grouchy mood 
going to bed in a miserable mood 
hey where's my freak-ish, borderline bipolar mood swings go? I kinda miss it 
I'm not in the mood to reply their wall ,sorry 
Really in a bad mood !!!  I hate do things I don't wanna do !!!
is not in a good mood ! 
good mood gone (it better comes back soon) right now i feel rubbish 
@vocaltest me too  lets start the bad mood club
im not in the mood to eat anymore 
woih. tade mood tade mood na onlineeee! 
@whoisSarahWood why you in bad mood hun? i still have a headache from yesterday 
what a gloomy day...matches my mood  
@kingcaveat /molests until you are no longer in a Mood. 
@AlixWilson haha love it! hmm my head  mmm horrors. i dunno what mood to be in lol
 (mood i am in)
arggggg wat is with my mood this weekend??? 
again... bad mood please go away. 
i'm REALLY not in a shopping mood. 
still bored and in a bad/good mood. my phone is fucking broken 
@CorinaBecker Now I'm in the cakey mood 
kate definitely should have won  put me in a baddd mood
my mood has suddenly plumetted from rocket high to a bad low 
In a great mood...but a little sad that you went away 
is in a really bad mood  (U) i dont know what to do with myself xx
not in the best mood ever 
not feeling too well today !!   a bit in the depressed mood !!  
@marishna I hate waking up in a bad mood. 
Not in a good mood! 
@AnthroNerd my spirits are a little down. 
Not in a good mood 
@epiphanygirl when your whole mood changes as soon as they enter the room. You from happy to irritated... 
in a bad mood and i'm not  feeling to well either 
in a bad mood 
i didn't pixel so long huh .. can't get in the mood i guess 
I was in a great mood this morning and it has slowing disappeared 
is in a bad mood   Not having a great day
I hate that he's on the road, and in a bad mood, and that I can't be there for him. 
fels really bad and is in a kak mood...!!!   xxx
rosey poseys new linearts are super cute!! i wish i could get back into the siggy mood. i hate it 
really not in the mood to go shopping  
not in the good mood 
i feel sick now  thanks for ruining my mood
bad moods are contagious. i hate it. especially when a teacher screams at me before a test, i always mess up if i'm in a bad mood 
Is bored, not in the mood, and any other downer emotions you can think of 
is not in the mood  http://plurk.com/p/111zil
not in the mood for talking ae 
@Blucheeze I'm starving but in one of those moods where I can't decide what I want so I'll go without for longer 
i'm not in the mood of studying  can i nottt??
So not in the mood to do holding statements and crisis Q&amp;As 
sun going in  really should live somewhere hot it improves my mood so much...england clearly isn't good for me!
is in bad mood 
is in the worst mood EVER...needs cheering up 
@shads210309 bad mood deeee 
@jynxypanda i get in those moods too  hope you feel better soon 
at work and in a bad mood 
I hate waking up to bad news it really fucks up my mood. 
in a bad mood 
&lt;\3 not in the mood. 
is not in a great mood 
getting beefed at by friend, mood is running towards minus degrees 
@jasperhaleRPG   way to put out my mood 
bleh feels really bad I just want to be friends with him again.Why do I screw everything up for myself?Gahhh    Mood:suckish
not really in the best of moods 
i'm in a horrible mood 
in a bad mood.... 
trying to tone up for my hols, why is it i lose weight when i don't mean to and put it on when i don't want to 
Resits in spetember... here i come  *bad mood ON*
ugh Not in a good mood I guess..lol but, 
In such a shit mood 
@terrellflynn lol i havent seen that commercial but now im really in the mood to watch it 
@blaqqfoxx I'm not in the mood for rap 
I was in such a good mood today until one of my friends ruined it for me  now im mad at her
moody moody moody moody week 
I wish my boyfriend would be in a good mood for once.  
Not in a great mood at all 
Mood: sad, depressed, upset 
The weather always seems to match my mood. 
mikes in a poopoo mood 
suddenly my mood is dropping..  
is in a bitchy mood and feels bad for taking it out on joey 
totally bad mood 
my mood quickly decreased all night starting around 430. I'm below the bottom level now 
@ohhalexa i'll freak out soon hahaha i just want it, i'm in a bad mood  #teamftsk
I'm not in the mood for chemistry 
in a bad mood. i know no chemistry. at all. fail 
@TFranky yeah, I know it's sucks, but I'm so not in the mood to go home early and ended up in a worse mood 
@tercowas me bad mood too  bad bad
my head still hurts and i'm in a terrible mood 
http://twitpic.com/7jcbn  I'm in such a good freaking mood and have no-one to share it with. 
In the mood for a fat frog ice pop but they dont make them anymore 
Not in the best mood right now 
boss is in a crabby mood.    Not going to be a fun day.
is blah today ..  very sad and sickly feeling. ready to go home and not in the mood for niceness, i've pissed off two students already.
Really need a #squarespace iPhone to cheer me up because I'm in a hell of a mood 
I'm in a very bad mood  I'll go now. Hopefully tomorrow will be much better.
Checking into running club. Not in the mood.   http://bit.ly/pLZUN
ufft homework puts me in an unhappy mood, it's retarded 
ughhhh wat a f**king day in bad mood 
ugh not in the mood for tennis  napping on the way there
Tbh I'm not in a very good mood and don't feel like twittering.. 
in a bad mood  and I'm not really sure why
Six places and no purses really struck me as must haves. Its probably just my mood. 
I hate it when I go from a good mood to a bad mood just like that.  It sucks.
and just like that...my mood is deflated 
is not in a very good mood 
I realllllly shld stop for gas, but I'm soooooooooo not in the mood. 
ANND my bad mood is back!! 
my mom is having her mood swings again 
I wish it would storm to match my mood! 
@loverlylupieme  awww sweetie I am sorry to hear that  How are you sleeping?? I am on pred again and it makes me have really bad mood  ...
Mood swings and money worries keep me up past my bedtime. This sucks. 
bad mood  text me if you love me&lt;3
very depressed mood  it needs to go away
ugh bad bad mood  i just keep listening to eminem  sad.
I put on my mood for myspace, I put like #1 but I feel like #2!! 
@LolaBeeMe I wholeheartedly agree with that sentiment 
Hayfever can fuck off to. I am not in a good mood this morning it seems 
Not in the mood 
just when im in the mood to cook, i ran out of gas. 
mood: unhappy  'cause my baby isn't here...
is not in the best of moods... 
@Tsaksonakis you'll have to keep it, then. i don't want it back with negative vibes on it ... 
I am not in the mood to iron 
not in a good mood 
not in the greatest mood.  laying down. hopefully falling asleep.
i caved in to chocolate pressure.....it hasnt helped my mood though 
awake, not in the mood to study 
Is In a Mood 
Not in a great mood 
@sophiaxxxx i couldn't get a ticket  plus i wasn't really in the mood to see them but wished i went! haha
I must be going through a phase or something....I just don't want to workout.  And it doesn't help my mood....
@michellexhannah why worst mood ever? 
not in the mood to go to class mostly because i dont want to put dan in her cage again 
@isasmama I don't know! but I don't like your tone and I don't think I want to talk about it anymore 
who's comin over to do my dishes cos i'm really not in the mood 
@PLANETLYNX current mood: jealous 
@iamluxie Why you in a crap mood?  Is this how you look right now: http://www.twitpic.com/7nqeq ;)
@she_shines92 Why are you in a bad mood?    Just not having a good day?  
in a bad mood  taking duke for a walk..
got up on the wrong side of the bed and has been in a foul mood ever since 
This dreary weather has me in the worst mood......... 
is in a crabby mood 
horrible mood  going to bed...hopefully it'll all go away before morning.
Aww. I was in a bad mood earlier and i feel bad about snapping at people. 
not in a good mood 
not in the good mood 
Everyone is in a shitty mood. 
Is in a weird mood...rebelious,strange,intense, I don't know..I am invisable .. 
ugh sad mood 
needs to do english language revision but really is only in a holiday mood! 
is not in a good mood &amp; don't ask why either 
This weather is NOT helping my mood....  
Maybe I jus need a change of scenary or maybe I jus need to get all doll'd up to change my mood! 
is in a much better mood! I wish my weird girly hormones would quit working overtime 
@piercedxwolfie I'm sorry your in a bad mood. 
This gloomy weather fits my mood all too well  bummed
is in a bad mood  Would quite like to just have her life arranged for her!
@behere_now I am in the mood to bake...but the weather is icky  H8 to bake when rainy &amp; humid...
I'm just in a bad mood.  And I don't want to go to work.
is not in a very good mood 
My mood turned so bad 
rubbish day + now a rubbish mood 
@burghrockstar I think your mood transferred over to me. 
Horrible mood. I need my bestfriend.  some one make me smile.
That call totally ruined my mood 
the weather is really bringing down my mood. 
@Raydachic she's probably mourning her aunt.. and getting some rest.  I can't imagine she is in script writing mood.  
Mood's fluctuating. Not good right now. The rain always does this to me, or perhaps dementors. 
not in the mood to play soccer tonight.. it's sooo cold and rainy! 
not in a good mood. 
Bff got mad now everyone is in a bad mood... 
mom is in a bad mood. i hate that 
bleh, icky mood 
not my day.. not in my mood.. :S 
I'm sick and tired of your attitude I'm feeling like I don't know you You tell me that you want me then cut me down 
What shall I do tonight?  In the mood to be out, but my friends are not responding 
i'm sleepy, grumpy and not in a mood to work! errgghhh... i hate this feeling la. i miss my bed.. 
Having mood swings.  - http://tweet.sg
@SadittysAsh oH my cuzzin really wants 2 go...not sure if I'm in da mood 4 sum partyyy idt I'm goin 
@saratimsah well you're in a pleasant mood. whats wrongg? 
In naughty mood   But no victims 
So my good mood just died 
It's 3:26am not tired and not in the mood 
My boss is not in a good mood 
i'm not in the mood 
bad weather, bad mood  could someone go to work for me now...?!
I'm going to work now. I'm just not in the mood to. 
@Mickdo100 your not helping my bad mood. 
really not in the mood for doing german mediadossier or finishing maatschappijleer.. 
bad mood  not feeling well at all (
i need tea and toast, im in a foul mood 
not in the mood right now..........Gnight guys 
i need your replies, guys. i'm in bad mood 
why won't my terrible mood FINALLY go away? It's been weeks now 
i m not in the mood!!i can t remember the feeling of happiness!  
@traviswilliams no.  best buy had a preorder, which kills the mood completely.
not doing well at the moment  I am sick of these mood swings...
Not feeling well and in a really bad mood. 
Y are you in the worst mood?... 
in the mood for some breakfast in bed. 
Is in one of those moods 
In a terrible mood. I need cheering up 
current mood --------&gt;  sad 
@INCREDIBLYemma  my mood  sucks 
@musicnerd9109 i hope so  sorry im in such a bad mood.
not in a good mood 
Actually, now would be prime time to work on my rogue, but I'm not in the mood... I'm in pally mode!  
in a horrible mood that i can't seem to get rid of.  hopefully passing out soon.....
@FUCKCITY you know, i'm really in the mood for old fob covers i've never heard before. i wana hear some too  
I'm totally not in the right mood  Eyqa Aufa!
not in the mood to work tomorrow 
not sure if I'm manic or just in a gross mood 
waiting for the shows,wish me luck..im not into the mood 
Not really in a happy mood 
in the shittiest mood and wants to go home. 
is in the bad mood  :-S http://plurk.com/p/12dsyj
is on the bad mood  :-S http://plurk.com/p/12dtbq
im in a really shitty mood 
i don't like when i get in these moods, it's so hard to cheer myself up! 
study time...not in the mood 
@KathrynAnderson I know  I just finished getting ready and just looked outside and it looks glum gahhh how annoying x
Not enough sleep and way too cranky!!! I'm in a horrible mood. 
really does not want to do (and definately not in the mood for) any work 
Is in a mood 
sooo fucking tired  im in a vair vair bad mood riihh now
I feel better i hate when i get put in my moods. 
@HoHoHolden awww I'm sory.  I was just trying to lighten the mood. But you have theft protection don't you?
why does work put me in a bad mood 
Morning tweeples! So in a bad mood right now!  wtf
its bad when i get left alone like this with nothing to do; i always get in this depressing mood &amp; start reminiscing. 
awake. and in a slightly better mood than yesterday, but not by much. more math. 
Mood- disappointed. 
is wondering why her mood keeps changing so quickly 
@cMurd0c I tried to skip off my bus earlier and almost injured myself.... it doesn't lighten the mood for long when you end up broken 
@edwestwicklover lol .. so do i ;) .. omg im guna put another one up , he looks so fit :L just things really , i was in a down mood 
@SatsukiTaisho I got really angry :s I just got into one of my shitty moods 
surprisingly, i'm in a very NOT good mood. :/ 
Is really in a musical mood this evening! Probably could like cry at some of the soundtracks 
I don't feel like going out anymore!  I'm just not in the mood!
really horrible mood  i feel so ugly and wrothless, what's going on!?
really horrible mood  i feel worthless and ugly, what's going on!?
in a sad mood all of a sudden ..http://bit.ly/3xM28  
not in a great mood. 
 headache..... and not in a good mood!
is bad mood .  http://plurk.com/p/12k3cy
@thadon419 neither this rain killed the mood.. 
 not in the mood.
I'm so in the mood for kink, but she's kinda tired.  
Everyones in such a good mood and i'm not 
i wish my pretty sister @terrytokyo was in a great mood. she isn't. boo 
in the BIGGEST mood for the spring awakening soundtrack, too bad my brother has my ipod 
Pretty much over wasted space, in the mood to just go home 
well i hate watching sad things, it puts a downer on my mood 
not exactly the best day, in a weird mood 
Relaxing but being in strange mood 
It's so simple to waste good mood with a couple of words 
missing the good ol' days terribly  weather suits my mood.
Never wanna see 5am again. Really not in a good mood augh i hate this feeling 
@devilgossip  boo for bitterness, but at least you have good mood music.
@Fazerella I was I guess I still am in a emo mood 
Not in the mood 
sometimes piano teachers really.really.really suck  put me in bad mood only wah lau
The current weather is ruining my mood 
In bad mood. 
@symanthafox agreed to bad I'm awake and in the mood to clean / be productive 
Aweee I'm not in the mood for sleep  well anyways I'll try to sleep back
i'm in such a bittersweet mood. i need cheering up, srsly 
I'm really NOT in the mood for homework  never was and never will be :p
Decieved to go to church  I think dads in a bad mood
I'm kinda in a sad mood, for blue skies is not helping much... such a sad song. 
i need to get in a better mood 
I hate this mood...I'm somber and I just don't have the energy to keep myself busy...so I'm just sitting around crying 
@hanaames But i am not in a work mood 
in a weird mood...but i dont think its a good weird 
Just sitting here not in the mood to shop  lost my wallet !!
with gabe... but in the worst fucking mood ever... 
@amy800 It seems each and every boss has the same attitude 
very very tired and in a bad mood 
I'm in a really bad mood, but i have no idea whyyyy 
@KiiroSora university cames first, but without working I can study any longer  - keep your good mood and share it *g*
I'm in a bad mood 
major mood swings        ...
i'm in a terrible mood 
Mood gradually deteriorating.... 
Not in the greatest mood 
is not in the best mood ever... I'm confused, annoyed, stressed, ugh.... 
not in a good mood right now 
I'm in the sappiest mood 
so not in the mood 2 work.... i want 2 go home 
Still has stuff that needs putting away!! Not in the mood for more clearing up!! 
@grinsandbears you seem to be in a grizzly sort of mood 
not in a good mood  just want it to be holidays.
I sure wish I was in a better mood. 
I'd like to be in a good mood again, please. 
I'm in a horrible mood...I wanna roll up and go to sleep 
tired, in a bad mood and not feeling myself. 
i am absolutely not in the mood to clean my room  ughh.
damn.hella fucked up my mood. 
@xoMusicLoverxo  funk mood? i hate those :/
Hellla not in the mood 
whoah... wake up in bad mood !! and the bad mood still stay on me until now ..  *sigh
I'm officially in a really bad mood 
decided to stop breastfeeding. now going thru crazy hormone-induced depression/guilt/mood swings. nobody told me about this part. 
bad weather - bad mood! 
damn. not in the mood of eating. 
im so not in the mood for this.  i'll try and tweet whilst i'm there. ;)
Aw! The weather is somehow affecting my mood. 
Ackkk if you got my note, I hope you don't think I'm a creeper. I was in a goofy mood when I wrote it. I'm really very nice. 
on mellow mood 
@madcow_paula i know.. i know. they said that they were in grumpy mood. last w/e they said they wanted to take me out...but no reply 
general mood 
3 down, 1 more to go. but i have no mood to do it. 
@NaomiLovesJB_x Not in the mood to get ready 
@jman818 lol I know! I'm in such a cranky mood this morning 
trying to do lyrical hiphop when you're in a reggae mood is a prime recipe for very ugly-looking disaster. 
@aldoturangan karna I had a bad afternoon! Ruins the whole europe mood. 
finally awake  but in a bad mood..I hate unfaithful friends!
http://twitpic.com/2y7ho - edit = my mood 
@marks thank you! you made me in a better mood for sure 
@KelseyAC I'm so glad!!! It always puts me on a better mood too 
I woke up in a really good mood 
i just made a bowl of cheerios one handed. and i'm in an annoyingly good mood. 
no mood to work.. going home early! 
in a good mood this morning  herro ! 
I'm in the mood of wearing a dress today 
@davistbell you should move here brother.. I'm almost always in a good mood   http://twitpic.com/3j5b4
wooo great day for once...message off fearne...lisa got mentioned on radio..watched mcfly..overall great mood 
@gassho haha well im just in the mood  never hurts to laugh a bit 
WHYSOSERIOUS. why do i ALWAYS feel in the mood to watch dark knight? =S randoooooom. 
I've discovered a song that fully sums up the mood i am in 
@TheNoLookPass hahahaha I am in a great mood 
is in a chill mood. 
@mmaetighe thank you soo much!! that is very sweet. brightened my mood 
ooh i love that song. i'm going to listen to it right now as i'm in the mood for some good music. 
@unityofeffect We must be in the same mood. 
in a proper good mood 
I will try. She doesn't seem in the mood to go though. We'll see 
bad, bad mood :/ therefore i'm going to watch juno 
even my high as hell phone bill can't ruin my floaty-light mood right now 
@kaylacollins Are you in the mood for pinkberry? 
When it's sunny and nice like this, it really raises my spirits 
@SusanB557 still in a good mood? 
Installing SRM at 150,000 employee company. Mood: nervous but confident 
this weather is doing wonders for my mood 
@lauranreid who wants to be in a splashy mood.. not me 
I love the rain.. it gets me in the mood 
I'm in a partying mood 
okay...not in a webdesign mood. song writing mood yes. 
@NcCarterFamily I sending you good vibes 
Lovely bfast with @jarredcinman. Now off to a wedding - not really in the mood. Boons loving the new leveled hutch  yay.
is in a mood!.. loving her new laptop though 
Note- steel drums will put you in a very good mood 
just woke up. in a better mood then last nite 
@lucyKD i certainly do!! It's the attitude! I can only imagen! 
in the mood for writing 
'lie to me' always gets me in such a good mood 
So in the mood for ihop pancakes. Going for a run soon 
Why do you put me in such a good mood? 
@rmacnab1  I am number one priority I promise!  Mood swing aside I am holding up well  
In a philosophical mood tonight, wandering round after dark does that for me 
i really should be in a bad mood. but.  
@MusicIsLife377 that's a good attitude 
now, in a weird mood  muahaz
getting off for the night, in such a great mood! 
can't stop smiling  i'm in the best mood right now!!!!!
ouch i have a headache. but i am in a ridiculously good mood 
is awake earlier than expected but is in a good mood and the sun is out 
is in a good mood 
@boskabout Kapotlachen!  #microsoftshouldchange #l #attitude
@phinesiabell @jonathanrknight puts me in that kind of mood too 
 Pretty sure nothing can foul my mood now.
Probably going to be in the best mood ever tomorrow!! 
Goooooood morning, world. I am up too early. But my mood has improved 
@sharmela66 hello! I've already lost all mood  how'd you last so long?
@rockstah lol.. is ok! analysing #handwriting puts me in a gurrreat mood! 
@CherylFehlberg LOL just in a thinkin mood. 
In the mood to do pointe work noww 
IN good mood  
in the mood to stay in &amp; listen to music allll daaaayyyy looonngg!! 
in a very gooooood mood .. ???????? 
@janedoughh - Lol , well . I wanted to tone my tummmy ; not lose weight 
is in a really good mood and had a really good night. i love my life 
@heymonalisa word. anytime it comes on, i get into a totally different mood 
in a raving mood. 
@tandcmitchell booo! no bad mood! good mood 
in a great mood 
not in a good mood but trying to cheer up myself 
@Skittmon I dunno. Just in a fantastic mood.  And I'm still awake. :|
in a good mood now something just made my night 
@showerguys Must confess that I'm ridiculously excited by it too - not even the rain has dampened my mood 
@grayjon guess it depends on what kindve entertainment you're in the mood for...though who knows how long the hallway action will last! 
I woke up in a really good mood. Thankgod 
@theothermousie coffee has arrived so good mood here 
is in a awesome mood 
@purplehippie so so today lizz, i'm in the happiest mood 
In such a good mood  awwh me makes me smile like a looon 
very good mood 
@cindyscott54 lol I was...just wasn't in the tweeting mood  I guess there was a debate? lol surprise surprise
In a fantastic mood. 
surprisingly, after last night, i'm in a great mood 
i'm in a surprisingly good mood, the days started good so far 
In a rebellious mood - anything could happen 
and check out #filmfoodeating if the sunshine alone isn't putting you in a good mood 
That dream has actually put me in a really good mood 
@fudgecrumpet if you want her to be in a good mood, yes. 
Its sad that part of my mood depends on the weather. The other part of my mood depends on @jaykebowls 's mood. 
 I'm in a great mood, but ... I feel a little guilty Q_Q xD
..in a top notch mood 
late-ish to school xD    blahh    mood; sunny 
chillen in spanish...you know    great mood! 
Hearing a song by a band they almost never play on my favourite radio = me in a really good mood. 
I'm in a very goofy mood! 
he put me in a good mood  bring on this grave shift
not in the mood to do my friendster profile! lazy! lol 
@trevorfaris I'm in a great mood! [better?] 
@cloverdash It IS very summery this morning!  Probably contributed to my better mood 
 in a good mood
collegeeeeee, sun puts me in a good mood 
