Most common words for this cluster:
[('morning', 2148), ('afternoon', 123), ('day', 82), ('night', 77), ('woke', 70), ('everyone', 61), ('coffee', 59), ('today', 50), ('http', 44), ('com', 41), ('yesterday', 40), ('time', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'morning', 0.9139584302902222), (u'afternoon', 0.8054701089859009), (u'evening', 0.6908512115478516), (u'night', 0.6721795797348022), (u'moring', 0.6672827005386353), (u'day', 0.6532219648361206), (u'MCCORMACK_Good', 0.6495979428291321), (u'MCCLELLAN_Good', 0.6489382982254028), (u'lunchtime', 0.6189372539520264), (u'THE_MODERATOR_Good', 0.6124563217163086)]





@Weebeedee run was great thanks. Is very windy today so bike ride not an option this morning 
@DeiondraSanders I'm always up late. I wish I was a morning person but I'm not 
@sianllewellyn ive txt you this morning 
Woken up by someone hammering &gt;&lt; they have stopped now and I can't get back to sleep 
has a very painful shoulder this morning 
No TravoRadio this morning. BlipFM is down.  http://bit.ly/ch6Xr
doing the usual with breakie in starbucks before heading out for the morning with cameras, but weather looking shite at this stage 
Another morning at .net towers.. still on deadline 
good morning - i am going for a run this morning, then its off to the dentist for some drilling 
Man! Did I had a wacky dream this early morning .... loggin here ... looks like ATS is spamming me with updates 
@dougiemcfly @tommcfly good morning guys, how are you all? You know, it's frustrating, I never get a reply  
Wishing I hadnt skipped breakfast this morning...hungry! 
Where has the morning gone? 
awake  spanish test to make up this morning.
finally broke my exercise bike this morning   urgently need a new one...hoping to pick one up at lunchtime!
Is having sleeping problems  It's four in the morning, and I am dying for a drink.
@cjoneill hurrah! @gutters gave the coffee a miss today ... he was regreting that decisioin by mid-morning - no sleep for new dads 
Ugh, big migrane this morning 
is not having a good time, 2 cases of cluster headaches already this morning!  #fb
well after our sunny weekend we woke to ice and snow this morning 
The pool was actually closed! couldn't even swim  good thing i biked and ran this morning...even on a busted foot!
again at 3:45 during the morning, the crazy old lady downstairs had her music turn on.... uggg 
picked up my new glasses yesterday, and when i woke up this morning i thought they got my prescription horribly wrong! it's snowing 
good morning.... i wish it were nicer outside  but that's boston for you
My radio doesn't want to work this morning. It's too quiet without it. 
So sleepy this morning!  
ugh... i don't feel good this morning   hope that goes away...
@belladonna20 I've had a well unproductive morning! 
dislikes IDL for being so early in the morning. 
@KimVallee @stephdau I saw snowflakes while on the bus to work this morning 
@colettebennett ouch, a wedding in the morning  ?
I can't wait for summer to come! I  had snow on my car this morning 
@UrfavoriteBarbi what's good with u this morning. laundry day for me  when i get more doe, i'm droppin everything at the cleaners.
@latinluvly awww I love my baby can't think about being without her I even hate leaving her in the morning to go to work 
Watching a movie, eating a lollipop, and then hitting the sack. I have govt. to do in the morning. 
thank god for stephanie or i probably wouldn't have woken up this morning lol 
@nursedoublek My little one is at urgent care this morning with my husband.  
my shoulders hurt..... it was cold and cloudy this morning 
had fun last night, unfortunately i'm feelin it this morning.    and bubbles is passed out on the couch ahaha
It's a sad sad morning. 
pumped gas this morning and realized i didnt have my wallet 
I burnt the tips off my fingers being a fatty this morning 
Missing does early morning powder days! 
left without saying good bye last night because of a terrible headache and cough that lasted until morning.  http://plurk.com/p/ox9qd
had to check a few emails but I'm calling it now...my feet hurt  good morning folks
a new morning with stomachache 
good morning. aahhh i need to finish my homework!!! 
Now off to Grendin for bowling again a little stiff though after the 8 mile run this morning 
@joeyjepson aw I'm sorry man  I love you too. We'll have to talk in the morning
Knees hurt again this morning. 
feels very very rough this morning  and is never drinking again!
A groggy head this morning, hope it goes soon. 
@Jewles702 work sucked!!  People were so rude &amp; mean!  I'll tell you about it in the morning.
Why did my dad have to go out this morning? I want to open my presents 
@sallythomsett ,In my teens and early twenties i could not remember the christan names the next morning lol 
Off to sleep in my own bed...guess I'll also have to make it myself in the morning too 
Not quite 5 in the morning... I might wake everybody with my sneezing!! 
Apologies to all those I was slow noticing waving to me this morning. I was in a world of my own and only realized after the fact 
gooood morning rain.  work til 3.
@fsuamanda what kind of syrup? It's not folgers is it  having morning sun with mine.
good morning. i hope today is warm. im ready to stop being chilly 
is very sore this morning  but feel great because of the accomplishment! #robie #robiecreek
is on here instead of doing the 2 essays i should be doing  both due 1st thing in the morning and i feel sick 
@georgewezsley good morning..I'm having church praise @ home this morning 
Woken up with pains in my chest  I've slept thru earthquakes...but chest pains wake me..... ????
Oh its morning &amp; once again i have 20 things 2 do  cant i get a break? its sunday!
Gooooood morning. There is homework to be done today.... and lots of it 
I wish i knew someone who would just lay around in bed with me into the afternoon 
i'm afraid my hips will get very sore next morning since i've shaking it non-stop during this epic 400 event  #asot400
I missed my call from my supergirl this morning!!! 
Calling it a night. I have a doctors appt.in the morning.I cant eat or drink till i get done there 
My egg problems are getting worse, I had to have a livener this morning just to see me through to proper breakfast 
*yawn* Up waay too early this morning, got school to go back to... 
morning , going to the insurance company !! 
Morning all, feeling all out of sync this morning, forgot 2put hot water timer back on last nite 
My throat is so sore this morning 
i hope my leg feels better in the morning... 
good morning everybody! A sunny day had begun and I have to work 
woke up this morning feeling really ill, and it so nice outside but she cant go out because when she stands up she goes really dizzy 
Mondayyyy  works okay though, my parents suck - couldn't find my shoes this morning 
2 little symbols which sum up this morning 
gutted i missed my delivery this morning 
first morning in 2 weeks that I have woke up sick. I thought I was over the hump, but I guess not 
I'll just never be a morning person 
bored. no ones online at 7:48 in the morning 
afternoon snooze... but got so many weddings to organise.. not mine though... 
morning everyone!!! just woke up,going to work out soon..i wish i could stay more minutes in bed 
ruined the artwork of 50 students.... feeling a bit guilty for a monday morning 
Too busy to reply to people this morning 
 i told my dad I love him this morning and he just said bye.
Headed to the hospital this morning 
ran up &amp; down 3 miles of muddy hills safely yesterday morning, but stopped a soccer ball with my ankle last night &amp; it still hurts 
great morning everyone.  too bad it's gloomy when i'm not in the office.  #fb
the bottom just fell out the sky and I wanted to go to Target this morning 
woke up with a migraine this morning 
@AmiSue  sorry your morning is so chaotic.
morning tweet babies! so tired and usualll! 
Feels old as I think I officially need coffee to wake up in the morning 
i feel bad for my cat. i didn't feed him this morning before i left 
I am going to read through my entire news feed this morning before that scanner boots up. 
The morning paper is down to one section 
@akatiej I had the same feeling this morning .. boo for jobs 
good morning! my dad called my cell really early  leave me alone lol
mmm. my favorite part of the morning; traffic!  
Another b-e-a-u-t-iful spring morning... And I'm unable to enjoy it 
yet another freezing morning. 
tired!!!!!!! got duties this morning 
morning all. lovely sunny day to be stuck in the office again 
Weathers lame this morning! 
Lots of  rowers rowing past my window this morning, it is such a beautiful morning I now wish I had joined the team when they asked 
my neighbor's rottweiler gave me mean looks this morning 
@authenticdasein everytime i see the word bee i feel sad - did u hear yet another report this morning about 'colony collapse'? so sad 
Another beautiful warm sunny morning, wish I hadn't woke up and remembered that my job will be no more  well woke up from only 2hrs sleep
The coffee break was by far the most interesting aspect of the morning so far 
@mkbkrthebkmkr whaaaaaaat.. the morning after ive left.. no  get here thursday!
@jeffsgrippen don't have any  i need to wait until morning to go to the store
@benshephard Yesterday was the veggie wars, this morning i burn't my croissant trying to warm it 
@thebleachworks ok so its like 3 in the morning &amp;  i can sleep cause its still hot up stairs...the down fall of having an apstairs apt 
@thebleachworks ok so its like 3 in the morning  &amp; i cant sleep cause its still hot upstairs...the downfall of having an apstairs apt 
@TomFelton other than ur teeth hurting  hugs, how r u this morning?
i'm finally able to get out of bed because the tylenol i took. fever went down. been sleeping all afternoon. i still feel awful. 
sat's in the morning  booo
is taking her man to the airport in the morning. 
going to go to sleep cause he has to work in the morning 
it feels like it should be 5 in the morning! aw man i'm all out of dvds to watch 
had too much champagne with some friends last night ...more sleep would be peachy but must ship some orders this morning 
@suicidalcatz I am officially in morning...thakyou for informing me of this important matter. 
i'm up early cos i was told the builders were coming this morning but they're not now. I can't get back to sleep 
Tired this morning, travel lodge beds are rubbish 
@the_rockshow good morning angie pangieee! i miss you love  x
I fell out of bed this morning and have a bent beak as a result 
I can't stop sneezing now  I keep coughing and my cat is in one of his annoying moods  good morning!
SATs this morning 
Kids are having a bad morning.  I wish I could make their pain stop.
Playing L4D at six in the fuckin morning, I have to pee but zombies won't let me  boo.
ahh, i'm so tired  debating whether or not i should go to the barn this morning.
hates taking the bus in the morning.. 
seeing and hearing all the motorcycles out this morning.  Its killing me that mine is in the shop. 
spending the morning writing papers then senior wills 
Not having a great morning...fever back 
my motivation to start on my to do list is very low this morning. 
feeling sorry for @ffbowns this morning ... big barn fire and he's at work 
is sitting through a boring exam review session this morning @ 7am 
morn/afternoon all. hello and thank you to my new followers. wow,what a morn.got rid of 2 wasps that killed my caterpillars 
after a nice long morning walk, coffee with the neighbours, and a great big brunch, it's time to clean 
after a nice morning holding hands at the farmer's market and dress shopping, back to paper writing. ugh 
I woke up with a headache this morning and I didn't even drink lastnight 
@xCraziiChiicax my friend spilled her coffey on it this morning and i just droped it in the middle of crossing the street in toronto 
@_amberlovely i know  i only found out this morning, been shitting myself since, i cant take the suspense argh 
@waxkrayon arson != burning morning toast... 
MORNING. made a log fire last night. it was so lovely at the time, but this morning my house smells like braai 
@caliblondie if only your foot would be better by morning. I hate it it hurts. 
woow coffe in the morning,  i'm soo awake,  i miss starbucks  though  
Blaaahh I'm stll not feeling to hot this morning.  And I started chocking on my breakfast bad times.  
i'm so tired i completely forgot mcfly were on t4 this morning!! oops!! we don't have +1 in this hotel either 
aarrrggghhh brb...morning rush  lol
@artmind I understand... I have to clean the bathroom too this morning 
In spite of being awake and ready for church 2 hours before the service, I'm not going this morning. #rollcall 
hannah is here and we did a paper round this morning  not good ! we didnt even get paid yet ! :@ . mannnnnn they are unfair .
another morning after the hop 
 was on a bus this morning at 6.49  not good
guess what?! i didn't have too good of an afternoon 
The sunburn sting this morning 
@ChantalTiffany  morning. waking up for that test yesterday has completely throw my sleeping schedule off! 
Another rainy morning. 
Taking abby to urgent care this morning. She's so sad and so sick. 
down to six puppies this morning.  but, it was nice to wake up to troy waiting outside my room!
@jennettemccurdy how is your morning? mine is painful because of a sunburn 
hanging...woke up this morning having the most strangest dream of all times...to scared to go bac to bed 
Another morning meeting!!! Who wakes up this early anyways.. 
No hot water this morning in the chalet 
morning lovers! have 3 blisters on one foot and 2 on other...ran without socks this morning 
cleaning the apartment this morning. big fat flat tire has kept me away from church this morning. 
really hoping its going to be a nice day!! I dont want more rain  gotta clean my house today it needs it!! good morning everyone!!!!
Is hating the morning sickness 
i miss watching x-men again.  haha i think i'll have a movie marathon this morning.
I fell out of bed and grazed the top of my foot this morning 
Is trying to get in the mind frame of starting my diet again 2morrow morning. 2 many 'reasons' to stray from it! 
no0o0o0o0o0 mommy i dont want to go to work in the morning 
off to bed, then back to work in the morning  only 5 more sleeps till the weekend
Getting ready for bed. its back to work in the morning. 
was dreading coming to work in an empty office! colleagues left !  this monday morning is bluer than others! 
I've forgotten what morning traffic is like 
not looking forward to waking up with the kids in the early morning   
@fiercemichi horrible first thing in morning especially isn't it 
good morning. i hate mornings and mondays. wish i was still in bed 
my breath smells, so no morning kisses for me 
it's bank holiday, it's raining &amp; i've been called out &amp; working for 1 hour already this morning   #fb
@okesanne morning, dull and overcast on the south coast! 
is going back to bed...stupid morning sickness. 
good morning people well, i am off to college   very boring
my phone managed to turn itself off during the night so my alarm didn't go off this morning 
I'm back  It was so cold...almost as cold as when I camped and it snowed :|...I nearly broke my finer this morning...it still hurts 
slow start this morning....need coffee. 
My goodness the floozies are on the attack today. Five blocked so far this morning 
Taffic court this morning 
@scootermama57 Haha, I'm a morning person but I just can't manage that lately.  I've been tagging it, like, 5 times.  
i have a shitton of emails to check this morning 
sneakers didn't eat this morning 
i don't know what wrong with my kitty  , she's sleeping since morning ..
I wake up this morning to rain and I'm happy, but sad that certain someone isn't here to keep me company 
I hate when the morning is hot and full of humidity. 
@sumopanda It could be worse. You could not have had coffee at all this morning. 
I need to fill out my mom's card for the morning, but I don't feel like it right now. 
finding out your aunt got in a carr accident earlier on in the day at 1:26 in the morning is not a good thing 
no lie in today  the dog needs walking even if it is at 6 - but what a stunning morning!
rainy morning 
arg morning not good  x
@brendadada ty.  It is something simple  and stupid - rather like me this morning 
is fed up of the elephants upstairs who decided to start a party at eight this morning. So not cool 
Woken up to a day of revising  I better get a good grade for this !!!
Is up north. Woken up like a proper student again. I miss it!  x
afternoon twitterd! mum is in bed and she is sick  we think she had a bad airplane meal...they are always pritty bad LOL .
Feeling decidedly lacklustre after a pretty shabby effort this morning 
@Ker40 i literally rolled over in bed this morning and tried to hug you...there was one problem....youre 360 miles away 
good morning... still sun burnt  not good
m took the doggie with him this morning - i miss my morning companion- surely wherever she is right now she needs a walk? 
@threesenough sorry about the morning sickness. 
had a huried morning walk, stupid bladder 
Once again...about to go to sleep...gotta go to work in the morning! ugggghhh MONDAYS 
hope i feel better in the morning 
@pinkphoenix2146 I'm sick.  and my grandpa passed away this morning. :'(
Out of exam hall &amp; shucks.. I hate when it rains  its so dark this afternoon.
My bird flew out of her cage and is somewhere in the nite. I hope I find her in a nearby tree in the morning.  
morning all so how r we on this gray and gloomy day 
Morning  one and all, I'm still deciding if good can go in front of the morning - it's not looking favourable 
is pissed off his contact lens split this morning 
cleaning morning, pih  well, it's only 40m2 but boy do i have a lot of shelves...
dropped one of my headphones into a cold cuppa last night - it seems a little quiet this morning 
@tajjisharp I know man, but work has me bad  I cant get away  been working since 10 this morning tell now 
Feeling a bit unwell this morning 
it's pretty cold here  the thermometer touches just 2 degrees in the morning... 
@hillkath think you may wait a while this morning for your smile if it's anything like it is here 
@SomersetBob morning bob......i couldn't open ur link 
Thinks it's a wonderful evening (morning) for riding bicycles. Too bad hers has a broken tire 
Classes tom again! I'm so tamad again.  I want to go out tom afternoon!
played some SkiFree this morning, managed to escape the snow monster, but a second one came to eat me  #fb
loves how amazing her satin sheets feel this morning... too bad I must part with them 
finals this morning and tomorrow morning, and crazy morning sickness to go with it. 
woke up this morning feeling like my head was run over by an 18 wheelers 
My belly hurts this morning 
@SDuPreeBemis same problem here  and i work in the morning suuuuucks
cant hear the rise guys this morning , reception is shit 
Not loving the commute this morning. 
Woken up on my day off feeling really rubbish 
#flylady good morning.  dh had to fix my computer this a.m., was acting very strange yesterday &amp; couldn't get into anything 
overslept this morning due to a a bad nightmare! 
im excited for this afternoon, could the morning drag on any more ? its taking foreverrrrr 
Ugh! I'm still feeling sick this morning. I wish it would just go away. 
@Jamash haha! I only have a coffee in the morning to wake me up. But today I'm ultra tired, it's not doing the trick 
 leaving for camp in the morning.
@PushPlayDEREK  dont remind me, i spent my whole morning in tears!
Brunch in 3 hours, so NO breakfast this morning 
Woken up full of cold, feel like crap! 
wake up its a beautiful morning  hammering down with rain
went to see my dentist early in the morning,8 pasta!1seems to hurt whenever I chew 
daddy headed to japan this morning.. awww 
Woken up at ridiculous o clock after last nite ..... Not happy 
I had the most awful dizzy spell this morning, covered in cold sweat. 
@jesssicababesss and noo  i had omlette instead. i really cant eat to much in the morning so i had like half of it and was enarly sick haa
Boring housework this morning 
I'm still getting used to the dog not being around. I go downstairs in the morning to have a cuddle with him.. Then I realise he's gone. 
Unfortunately, I am currently experiencing my worst hangover ever- the morning I have to perform a rap in front of the church.  
woke up way too early this morning 
took some nice photos of @sproutdog this morning then it hammered down with rain  http://bit.ly/hVa2z
its 6 in the morning and i am unable to sleep...i need someone in my bed to cuddle with 
is tired still after only waking up about half hour ago, has a sore throat and bad legs this morning/afternoon 
@jawar I did not see your msg re the theater until this morning.  I sowwwy   lol
i totally think going to bed late was a bad option to choose seeing tho i have to get up early in the morning 
I don't feel like twittering this morning, I'm still very sick 
I'm not a morning person i dont want to go to work. I want to go back to bed. 
@reikob don't be sorry, It's me that's sorry for this poor culinary decision this morning 
damn that dream i had this morning  HAS to be a sign ... it just has to be... i hope not 
I need a drink, just heard an old friend I'd lost touch with died this morning 
@RebeccaHappy I didn't make it to changecamp -- had to be at the theatre mid-morning, and closing show in the aft... buggered up my day! 
I start my internship at the hospital tomorrow morning... which means I have to take all my piercings out  sad
I hate Mondays but...no commute  Also no morning chat though with interesting and chatty colleagues 
Too many dejavu for this morning 
feeling rather sick this morning  wouldn't care all I had to drink last night was a vodka+lem + a diesel 
@ercool i'm a failure with the whole early bird thing. i still can't get up in the morning. 
@eddielewis stole my yawn this morning, I feel violated 
http://twitpic.com/5f16g - The boys riding off this morning...without me 
What a crap morning, Not only did i get soaked on the M6 but i got stuck in the nightmare that was M6 J14 this morning 
http://twitpic.com/5f20v - This shook @glenntomltd to its very foundations this morning! I fail 
sittin here awake!!! and i have to work in the morning!!! i hope i didnt piss u off babe 
Woken up feel and look rubbish and cannot be bothered with this maths exam 
says morning, wonder what the job centre has to say this afternoon...not looking forward to it  http://plurk.com/p/uimtk
why is everyting soooo slow this morning  no sense of urgency!
CT finished now just have my bone scan to go this afternoon 
@mustntgrumble our morning sun has gone and the rail seems to be on its way 
@GOPMichael morning sunshine!! Congrats on the magic, I am disappointed in my Celts 
I have a big headache ... slept in the afternoon yesterday, could not sleep well tonite. 
Wishes she had stayed in bed this morning 
@dwgirl4life I remember saying good morning to u 
locked both sets of keys in the new car yesterday afternoon 
Waiting for the tow truck...locked out  I'll be late this morning.
I went to bed before 7 last night and woke up at 7 this morning and I feel even more sick!  off to class in the rain
No duck eggs in the nest this morning. Looks like something made off with the eggs in the night. 
g morning! feeling like crap :/ i hate being sicks! 
not very happy this morning running late the hub woke up late so i got both kids ready ran out the door almost tripped on my shoes. 
what a morning!! had to take scenic route for oaps just to get to work, and almost lost my shoe in the process 
good morning twits..it monday..ugh 
Why no morning wood?!?  http://yfrog.com/14z9sj
I just ate my mascara; way to start the morning. I have Mondays 
bad morning so far - spilled pop (not mine) all over my feet and hit a gosling otw to work 
@hookbill good morning, how are you? I know you miss your wife 
i just ate some of my mascara; way to start the morning...I hate Mondays 
just about 80F already here this morning, around 530 it was 78F - woke up with the desire to throwup - dinner did not sit well... 
@helloimhannah I woke up this morning and there were more tweets from him and from @jackATL and @riandawson about how great it was. 
I couldn't find my shoes this morning so I had to wear the ones I wore to the creek. they still have sand in them 
@mbreinholt ohhh hiking *jealous*... I don't get out enough. I'm speeding through my morning trying to put a proposal together 
I had more reasons to stay in bed this morning than to get out, yet here I am.  I'm so mistreated.
good morning twitts...so now i have to spend the day trying to have someone fix the appliances due to the earthquake we hac last nite 
Nothing good about this morning so far!     I have a flat tire.  Not low, but flat as a pancake flat. errrrrrrrrrrrrr
Not a good way to start off my morning 
dunno what I've done to my back, but it was hurting a lot yesterday, rather better this morning, but starting to hurt again now 
@mrs_zuniga hey i missed you this morning i'm used to being there when i get dressed 
I'm so tired this morning, it makes me want to cry.  I hope I don't fall asleep while the students are testing.
Woken up before 7:00 on the last day of the long weekend. Thanks a lot, cat 
@alexisamore you think your breakfast is lame, all I had to eat this morning was toast 
Late start, rainy morning... broke a string on the mando 
have a terribly sore throat this morning, wish I could hide under my duvet all day 
maths exam this morning... 
morning honeies - not fcuking happy, brothers flight cancelled 
need a model by the morning!   
ultrasound this morning   i'm so hungry ...
struggling with the journey this morning, seems the waves of panic attacks are back 
Wishing that I didn't have to go to the tar pits in the morning. 
Finally caved. I've made a doctor's appointment for this afternoon to see if I really have strep throat. 
My little princess is being very cranky this morning 
@kelvinnnn miss lim took cab this morning. 
knee is feeling so sore this morning, need some drugs 
Disappointed with the poached eggs this morning 
morning twitter, i feel shite 
Too exhausted to get up early this morning so missed the blimming bin men 
woke up very very confused this morning. the walk to rich mix in the sunshine did not help (i was expecting it to). 
@charliestyr Had M2 this morning so didn't go  will have some in lessons this afternoon tho I expect!
hates when ruth and eamonn present this morning 
good morning, everybody!!!! I don't want to wake up, che cazzo, I want to keep on sleeping!!!   bleah
Hot and flustered..... no electricity since the morning 
in the library, laptops still broken  the techguys collected it early yesterday morning! i didnt know there was another 8 o clock!
@Jayskills ...I'm up early every morning 
It's 4 in the morning here, which means we should be getting waking-up LeakyCon tweets soon... #notatleaky 
Why does everything have to be scheduled for so early in the morning???   
feeling uky this morning.  I better not be getting sick again.
So early....I'm not a morning person.... 
A panic attack first thing in the morning is SO not what I needed. 
didn't enjoy being woke up by the postman this morning, especially since he had gone by the time i got to my front door 
Going back for an evil afternoon!  grr..
morning world. I feel pretty good. I slept for 9 hours til 10:30pm, then another 5 or so til now. Boyf woke up with an upset tummy tho. 
Ambulance and paramedics at my place in the morning, didn't bring breakfast waffles 
did not set my alarm this morning 
Not so good of a morning   The lakers lost
guess who is out of organic milk this morning ..  .
My back is killing me this morning... It is miserable...   
Home morning loves...... I  an really sad 
This morning could have been the end of my'drought'. key word: COULD HAVE. fml 
@lilfishstudios hey...maybe you will end up in my neck of the woods??  I thought of going last night, but forgot already by the morning! 
My girls are sick and it is really foggy this morning 
@darren_cox just me this morning sweets....   
@SoongUK It deleted it when it found the virus this morning 
mustering up the energy to swim/bike/run this morning.  I'm already sore from volleyball. 
docs signed me off with stress.... had another one of those stupid silly freakin panic attacks this morning 
I think I'll have a grapple this morning.....I still miss my dog 
my trip is catching up with me today...tired  enjoying a relaxing, lazy morning!
About to spend my morning cramming for stats 
my morning coffee hurt my tummy   but yeah a three day weekend is upon us
@JueL hey there ... not have a productive morning 
@90_angel no sun here, cloudy this morning 
bed time. the carpet is going to stink in the morning. the wind is starting to pick up again 
   i'm so cold this morning......       i have chills all over.....   
i definetly did not want to get out of bed this morning  take me back to melbourne with my boy!!!!!
I hate this early morning lark  feels like i haven't been to bed, walking round with 1 eye open and just tripped over my trainers, grrr!
bedtime, don't know how I'm gonna wake up in the morning... 
not looking to my first 8oclock of my college career in the morning... 
morning classes cancelled this morning except one with my crazy professor who laughs at herself 
Wowzas ! I'm up so early this morning it's not gud !  xxxx
Woken up and the firstbthing that comes to mind is statistics - dissertation thoughts ate haunting me. 
Woken up... 
Another early shift. No rain helping this morning though. 
oh my what a wonderfuly rainy morning 
http://bit.ly/G5949  wish i woke up to that in the paper this morning!! 
Off to bed. @ravmo leaves in the morning 
is NOT a morning person!  argh!
my sister left to new york this morning  i'm so sad like a slime
@ether_radio i'm too awake now  ill have a nap this afternoon
@curligirl morning hon. what you having for breakfast? I cant decide 
says morning everyone, off to work in 10 min's  http://plurk.com/p/wxom8
drinking some really nice coffee, got to go to the dentist at 9am this morning 
not happy with my 5:45 wake up call this morning  ... she's going to be grumpy later!
Wondering why it's so cold - the skylight is open - I left the gas on this morning 
on later than normal this morning, got attacked by a swarm of mini fly's after opening the veranda last night took an hour to get rid!! 
I feel like such a failure this morning 
Inspection went fine ... they like the house woopee. Would just be nice if it had been this morning so I could have done stuffs today 
Nothings better than having to take a cold shower in the morning 
@ConciseKilgore morning T! I love their breakfast! If I wasn't stuck at the shop right now getting maintenance done to the ride! 
Man, my sinuses r really buggin me this morning 
Its two o clock in the morning! 
I'm SO out of it this morning, that don't know if coffee or energy drink will help me get going this morning 
i am having serious problems concentrating on this press release this afternoon...i have sleepy eyes right now 
@julia72 weird, 'cause i synced mine this morning and got the new episode... 
friend got mugged this morning 
@ladyinurdreamz dude!!! wtf!! I text you this morning so that you can take care of me! so uncool..... it's confirmed... you hate me 
just sad that i wont be able to post my new fic this morning... 
We lost a peacock chick this morning 
woke up early this morning  not happy bout that, headache, dizzy can't breathe, yeh im still sick
@actionamanda i hate no playtime  i hate getting up at 7:30 in the morning, and i hate being tired by 9pm...wow i hate a lot of things
@ImTribute nope i havent seen it yet  it was disappointing i was hoping it would by time i woke up this morning!
I woke up this morning with what felt like a brick in my chest.  It got  worse as the day went on.  I think I have bronchitis 
morning guys! saturday morning office. still feeling sick. ears are blocked. a/c is killing me 
Hot tub won't be hot until morning.   http://myloc.me/23ll
Woken up by birds singing... which has brought me round mid-hangover  now, headache stopping me sleeping. aaargh!
So I took my puppy to the vet this morning, we were there for over 3hrs. She has swelling of her pancreas, poor thing is so sick 
I just ran into a fucking box. It hurt like a bitch I'm sure i'll have a bruise tomorrow morning. 
Woken up far too early with hayfever 
I'm going to be really sad when my alarm goes off in the morning 
good morning, feeling so bad  i hate it to be sick, damn... 
@chucktheceo yesssssss i know. this club sucks for me running in the morning 
@domashwin nah only early morning, then probably staying in. 
Hates when you randomly wake up at 3:30 in the morning and can't go back to sleep 
I'm really not a morning person 
morning. I have clementine juice in my eye, and it stings. 
@squirrelnut1416 shut it! i'm bored...20 more minutes til my coworrker gets here and we can start morning walks 
It's 5 in the morning this child will not give me a break. I'm sooo tired 
I litterally kissed my pillow goodbye this morning I was so sad to get up 
is feeling very very rough this morning and has decided i can not be left alone when drunk as i do extremely stupid things 
@GlastoWatch NO! 6 tickets ordered but only 3 so far, arrived this morning so fingers crossed it won't be long 
so sad we lost 35-0 this morning in rugby! 
goood morning.didnt sleep  last night.getting in shower. 
@goldi_m hi a very good morning to you. extremely sorry i woke you up. 
not sure if i should go for a run this morning...i probably should but i dont want to 
my empty stomach asking me to have a meal . omaigad since morning i don't eat anything 
@katithompson she woke up this morning when I was moving the wheel down and she was making these squeeky noises  she's mad at me still
@LizzieMacfrenzy I was suppose to go get brekkie this morning. Overslept though 
@AmberCadabra sssh. don't give my aml any ideas. that was last evening for us 
well i was hoping when i woke up this morning my sore throat would be gone, its even worse then last night 
good morning everyone!! aaah its too early to be up  but I need to pack and be ready in 2 hours, wish me luck lol
woke up this morning, looked out my window, and saw grass.... no mountains 
@hepburns bummer.  but we can talk here. good morning, sweetheart. 
Already taken a morning run, now headed out to run errands....i think i have an inability to sleep in anymore 
sooo tired! I got donuts this morning, but not enough 
coffee + carpet = unexpected early morning cleaning 
so sleepy...didn't wanna say goodbye so early this morning.  
good morning twits...lovely day to lay around...but i have to go to work 
too early in the morning for wine to help me  
ipod down...  it is an excellent idea to leave it on the steps and step on it when you stumble down them in the morning hours....fml
why do I keep eating ramen at night? Not good for the eyes in the morning. 
going to the markets in the morning so i should goto sleep now...dont really want to stop reading though 
@hiediearwood  you two better take it easy this morning.
@heathenshearth hey hun... nuffin good about this morning 
nobody answered my question this morning 
good morning. breakfast, dr appointment, maybe a lil napskie in between and then work 
wish i could've been at dance this morning!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/69hgm - So this woke me up this morning. Prices are creeping on up.... 
@IHEARVOICES22 I got your wed 1-930, thursday morning and sat close. Not bad, but I want moar! +  I get to train new people.. yay 
morning! anthr relaxn day on deck...just did sme spring cleaning on my closet  I hate parting w/ my clothes....
@kambabe def not pregnant - not an option. been ill since yesterday morning. have fever and feel nauseous 
Oh good morning skylight 
rained this morning, so no bike ride. 
working tonight... didn't get to go shopping this morning 
got left this morning! stupid sleep time 
@cuuz sorry I missed the meeting this morning. I slept straight through.  still sore of course but breathing better.
is sad she wasn't up at 5:00 this morning to say hi to @dr_mcmeen.  
morning sucks  way to cloudy not my fav
@iamrabia - its my fault.  you thought i was texting in the morning i wasnt!
After the 11-7 study session followed by leading services this morning, @heidihoover is now in bed... with 101?F temp + muscle aches. 
damn...   what a way to start the morning....    
@joefletcher sorry i couldn't make it-- i JUST finished the cake this morning. 
and my poster fell on top of me this morning. 
my socks are still wet from getting to work this morning...it's been over 7 hours.    i don't like wet socks.
@NineJustin I am all set. I couldn't get  up this morning my legs weren't cooperating 
Going to bed, hopefully this flu will be gone in the morning... 
good morning people ! BELAJAR lagi ..  but HWAITING !!!!
sleep time, seeing chris off to labrador in the early morning 
@kooliedoolie HAHA the book i read this morning. he turned evil  haha
Only slept for 5hrs.. Woken up by a nightmare again.. 
working early tmrw morning...and wish i wasnt 
fucking graduation in the morning  nighttttt~
report writing again... ah such a fun afternoon 
is off to bed now. Has the 5km walk in the morning... and it looks like it will be raining. 
calling in prescriptions for antidepressents for the cavaliers and I... should be ready for pick up in the morning!!! 
is working on a sunday morning with an actual fractured foot bone 
I'm off to do ex bike agan this morning, I don't know wht I do it as I put on weight  and just keep getting fatter 
i was just rudely awakened early in the morning by a loud german boy knocking on my door. 
Its 4:30 in the morning and I'm still awake, I havent slept in over 21 hours....meh.     This weekend has... http://tinyurl.com/lrxrtc
good morning everyone 
@lucylemon morning!! on &amp; off  hows you?
morning...i just woke up and i'm studying...shame on me 
I fell down the stairs this morning ---- OUCHIE 
morning all. off to the dentist! 
Oh no. I'm so so sad, I waking up with   the worst news my 12 y old dog died this morning 
good morning = ?? speak in cantonese  jo. sun. )
good afternoon = speak in cantonese  ng. on. )
good afternoon = ?? speak in cantonese  ng. on. )
@renanwho, well...not exactly. i got in a car accident yesterday morning. 
just saw the cutest couple if raccoons down the alley, made my morning, except one of them was very lame, breaks my heart 
It's a gorgeous day and we've spent the morning inside sainsbury's trying a comparison shop against tesco, and the afternoon in church 
I am an awful person to be around this morning. 
Exams in the morning and I haven't studied 
ugh. woke up w/ lovely headache this morning 
about to head to san marcus... mom is driving the bus... i kinda wanted to go to church this morning too..  ..
@UzimaCollective morning lovely! i didn't even see you posted a msg 2 me- sorry 
friggin slept in   no early morning digimon for me.  and i'm off!
Feeling a bit down this afternoon,  this is why i don't like Sundays!
I was outside this morning and it smelled like camp... I was sad because I miss it 
Just finished my morning ritual of oatmeal, coffee and paper reading.  It makes me sad that news papers are going bankrupt 
goooood morning. my eyes hurt. 
nice morning inside- raining outside 
While i was in the shower this morning, my parents decided to go on a long walk, leaving my bros with me... And they only had decaf here 
studying for the morning..it's taken over my life 
good morning everyone. 
I'm officially sick this morning... woke up all stuffy, not good considering the week I have ahead of me 
@ChristovShow  i've got 10 exams left , i have 2 days where i have 1 in the morning and 2 in the afternoon  how am i gonna remember it all
spent this afternoon in a very nice garden. not mine a must add. 
My body hurts from being in the sun all day yesterday...  Vball practice this afternoon.
had a sad morning with my bff 
It's sooo hot in my lounge! It's cold all day &amp; warms up l8 afternoon; same with bedroom, no sleep 2nite 
.@catawu we are trying. as recently as this morning, which is why it's disappointing to be locked down in the old stereotype. 
shower then bed. maths in the morning. night twitter. wish i could relive the past week again &amp; again (minus the bad parts) 
So we postone the photo session because of the weather and now it is a glorious evening  Pleased with my blogging efforts though!
@mrelihan well, cleaned car this morning and then sorting the pond out this afternoon, lots of green slime weed infestation!  how r u?
@brilliantdancer lol i tried this morning.....it didn't work  and now my parents are gone
good morning twitterverse! the rest of the state slumbers on a public holiday monday while we uni workers go to the salt mines 
My grandma not doing good had two strokes this morning. 
putting off going to bed....cos that'll only lead to work in the morning 
One of our cats died this morning. 
off to bed me thinks. biology in the morning 
Videos I shot at the #tiller shooting scene this morning  http://bit.ly/14KBQY
3 o'clock in the morning and I'm feeling dizzy, sick. I want to puke. 
The babies are in bed now.. It's all about me and hubbie now.. He leaves for 2 wks in the morning.. 
afternoon at the lake was botched  watching movies under the A/C instead.
I spent most of last night dreaming about clowns and most of this morning talking about bees. Also I cannot explain how much my legs hurt 
Looking forward to my @contexttravel tour this morning; just wish it wasn't raining! 
I can't be arsed to go to college this morning, and i have lost my cardigan  i love that cardigan, i need to look for it
Going back to work in the morning!  i need another vacation
maths exam this morning 
Woken up rudely  it wasn't even time yet, i'm still tired!
was up before 8 this morning  dog decided i'd had enough sleep so woke me up...charming!!
@sockington My cat was run over this morning and we used to call him sockington because he looks just like you    xxx
This early morning working better be good for my figure. 
what an interesting morning..i would kill to be on holiday right now 
wew!!! sleepy afternoon, it's hard to do nothing... 
@EvilNanny @Bathbad top of the morning both was beginning to think I was alone work what a distraction 
sad then @kennykillah didn't send me a morning email 
@pompeygal oooohhhh you know how to kick a guy when he's down left the beach behind this morning still 6 hrs to go before I get back 
morning ! getting ready for schoool, going to be late ! 
Ugh! My stomach has been upset all morning long  I wonder if it has to do with the smoke from the fire... :|
Boyfriend's employer, goes bankrupt this morning.  http://bit.ly/lYLh7
I LOVE when the train is late! Nothing like getting the morning off a step behind! 
Why isnt the morning light coming to the east coast? 
I have waking-up-too-early-in-the-morning sickness. 
@cursedbyevil good afternoon monsieur. I just made my breakfast.. or more like brunch I guess. I don't have any plans for today yet  You?
I miss my childhood. I miss my 'Good morning' towel. 
Up listening to the thunderstorms, so much for it being nice out. No more beach plans this afternoon 
My boyfriend is gone for 10 days... I'm sad this morning 
sleepy &amp; sun-burned this morning. would LOVE to go back to bed. 
Finding it very hard to motivate myself to work. I blame the most recent @Zigzagsurf which landed on the doorstep this morning 
good morning peeps ....heading to boca 
@ErinScandalous I'm loving mine too! @TSSexyChanel good morning and sorry about you internet woes...  
Starbucks was packed this morning with no parking .... Now I'm coffee-less 
@heythurrerin Neither do I. It was so weird this morning in the cafeteria. It was so empty 
hello tweeps! haven't update since afternoon  too busy? haha 
went for my morning jog, enjoyed the beautiful weather, and then showered. Wow, I feel so refreshed..only problem, I have to work...ugh 
cooking skills have declined......and i prepared all afternoon  disaster
i left my phone in ambers car in a sleepy daze early this morning. i regress. 
Birds are *loud* this morning. 
puppy has to get shots today  then lots of errands this afternoon.
@SevenMermaids class suspended til 1.30 later, spent my morning walking through the rambla under the rain... got to garage, nobody insde 
Sooooooooo tired. And my motorbike is acting wierd this morning 
urgh still sunburnt and avoiding the sun  stupid exam this morning, lovely
6:48 a.m.  i am wide awake,.I usually don't take showers in the morning.but toooday i did! 
@iammercymedical I am doing terrible with replies to you this morning 
Doesn't feel so great this morning .. I think I'm getting sick 
@danticoa good morning! it's sunny here but already blazing hot 
Morning... not good morning.. no sleep and will not have the opportunity to get it anytime soon 
No wake and bake      good morning k dot j. Mishew!!
smh i didnt get my *press 5* this morning 
@Rafekee yeah I saw that this morning as I closed the garage door. 
gud morning everyone!! I think I have the flu 
@sunkbelowthesea its really awesome to wake up in the morning with your eyelid glued shut  ...or maybe ;(
@TheATSGuy I should have scheduled a seminar for this morning 
impromptu morning midterm....too bad it was only impromptu for me. sad face 
woke up this morning, realized the 10 i bought has been stolen 
is not having a fun morning! 
Taking care of past due  clients this afternoon.  I guess they all forgot about me  
i ms'd tha strawberry letter this morning 
@SweetKittyrina i hopes she feels better soon. my mom had the morning sickness too - no funs! 
had to let the turtle go this morning 
@elleskitchen 2 stories underground  It was pouring rain this morning but at lunch it was beautiful when I could see outside.
Taking hubby to aiport this afternoon... So not ready for him to leave 
is sneezy this morning, I cant wait to feel better 
I also had a way to long of a nap this afternoon &amp; that I'm not aloud to upload videos to youtube anytime soon! 
@TheMeganJo I didn't hear anything this morning except my laptop falling off my bed in the middle of the night. 
I woke up with a sore throat this morning...blah 
@chuckdoud So does that mean I won't hear you guys in the morning anymore? 
@KimberlyKrystal why are you in so much pain, and i bet they cant hurt more than my problem i told you about this morning!!! 
@mrpatphotos lol nah i always go in the morning neva really knew wat time they close 
@darker_artic good morning... someone turned my alarm off... 
i had a horrible migraine this morning! 
scrapbooked all morning and was having a great day until i fell up the stairs and hit my knee  ouch
sunburnt from the beach yesterday. this morning my dog got attacked by a big stray 
I want the daylight back for my morning commutes! 
its bloody raining! ... but I guess its my fault I was hopeful and didn't bring an umbrella to work this morning.  
wish i could have gone to loraine's funeral this morning  r.i.p.
@noonnoon @coco261 good morning, no battery! 
@stereonick I know! but he was pissing her off this morning don't think she realized how much she could hurt him  seems lk she feels bad
@kin_meng I ate an apple yesterday night and after that, my throat felt abit funny. This morning it's worse.  Why backache?
Exams in the morning. 
Woken up by massive hip pain. WTH? 5.5hrs is not enough sleep on day 2!  will try to snuggle back under covers &amp; hope for more sleepage.
I feel abandoned I had 26 follwers this morning now I have 22, miss one day on twitter and people leave you  
Once again a beautiful morning is bursting onto the scene here - should be the last one for a few days though 
@jaaacckkkkk she was mad at me this morning and knew that would make me annoyed. I thought shed forget... apparently not. so lame 
going to go to bed. have to be up at 6:30am in the morning  and still have a headache from earlier, so having the hiccups isnt helping any
upset, can't get to land training this afternoon 
damn, have to go to the doctor this morning 
bed. then leaving beautiful pitts. in the morning.....I'm sad. 
Its another sunny morning and m waiting for this damn gym to open 
feeling a little sad this morning. grandad is very unwell 
morning, i just woke up, its nearly 3pm in china! chucking it down with rain with is a big contrast to ydays sun 
A very rainy afternoon everyone! I miss twitter 
Ouch. My ear ridiculously swollen this morning 
so tired, i saw the sun rise this morning...thats not a good thing...i didn't get any sleep 
Why do I feel sleepy waking up early in the #morning? 
court tmr morning  hate waking up to stand in line...
I'm a tad anxious about this morning's dental hospital appt 
It's 3:48 in the morning.  Why is no one online 
Bugmail bug count is *NOT* going down this morning 
morning all,omg i'm well confussed this morning! are nk splitting ? 
more sunshine yay.... even the noisy builders upstairs didnt upset me this morning. headache looming though 
is loving the sun this morning, but is still feelin bit sleepy 
back on the bran flakes this morning, they are somewhat lacking their vigour 
has been scared this morning by seeing his neighbour pegging her washing out in a very flimsy nighty  sssccaarryyyyy
@KyeLani I forgot it was in my bag  Doesn't look quite so awesome as it did this morning.
good morning everyone, I'm getting sick, isn't that great? 
@salandpepper morning! my last day in sunny garden, back 2 work 2moro  xx
my teeth hurt reeeeeeeally bad  &amp;&amp; i cant see my boy this morning. fml today is going to suck
good morning everyone! can't sleep 
@MStately Haha. I think it was because I woke up laughing this morning. I'm one of those people that once they're up, they're up. 
It's a beautiful morning - too bad it has to be spent inside under artificial lighting. 
ahhhh morning fights so great 
woke up this morning thinking about folks who went to bed hungry 
just woke up and jon totally killed my morning with last knight text about fall being it 
Another day another morning without sleeping in ...bummer 
Man I'm almost late... If I stop for my morning tea, I will be late for sure 
I'm getting stuck at every traffic light this morning 
I am not a morning person! I just want to go back to bed 
@sigmamakeup good morning! I was wondering when the kabuki brush is going to be back in stock? 
@Laurachristine_ me too  rough morning, for sure.
ugh talk about bad morning 
turned off my alarm and didn't go to the gym this morning 
@TheStitchWitch sucks though, i seem to be the only female there in the morning 
@AllisonNazarian been happening to me almost every morning when I awake - I've unfollowed people 
I am sad because I'll miss the live conferences for E3 this morning 
@MrAdamLambert normally i would be happy to see your tweets this morning, but since i found this isnt really you, not so much. 
morning, i feel like a truck ran over me several times 
I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning 
this is not a good morning cause my dry cleaner just told me that they misplaced my dress!  frustrated ... 
Someone called and tricked me into going to the doctor this morning 
My allergies are really bad this morning--I've got the sniffles 
Having accidentally set the volume on my alarm clock to a whisper is not conducive to waking up on time.  No morning cardio for me today  
my mom stole my baby.... i guess that will make running errands tomorrow morning much easier. i still miss him tho... 
So far this morning I have two song ideas that I can't write out cuz I have to work. 
@bothsides aw man  i would've ttly helped you, my morning was mostly spent inside the bus.
scratch that last apartment  went to put in an application and someone rented it yesterday afternoon! grrr
sigh. just ate lunch. still hungry. had breakfast this morning, too. wtf!! 
@itsNICKJONAS I had peanut butter on toast this morning cause i felt dizzy and weak. Not fun. 
is bored. In town using some computer, forgot to post an update this morning, I'll update when I get back to my house tonight though. 
didn't realize just how broke her family was till this afternoon 
It's a rainy morning. 
http://twitpic.com/6i510 - The cop this afternoon on the 10. 
morning twitter.. no, i'm not going to say good morning that would be lying if i said it was a good morning.. i feel like shit 
It's half 3 in the morning and I'm half packed and the place needs a clean  no sleep for me tonight
OK so this morning I got woken up by a woodchipper at 7.30 followed by my brother and his friends later... today was my sleep in 
such a busy morning, din even have the time to have a proper breakfast..coffee still half left...darn...so dislike wednesday mornings.. 
morning! I avoided the 'good morning' though  another working day starts without a tweet  I really start getting worried *cries*
feeling sick this morning 
good morning all had a bad kitesurfing session and on the way back to my car i cut my feet very deep 
Not feeling great this morning, massive head cold, need to get it cleared as have some serious movers &amp; shakers to impress this afternoon 
@renesandy  this only happens when I don't have to work the next morning.
feel sleepy by now &amp; have exam running @ 9:15 this morning. 
should go to sleep. root canal in the morning 
rainy afternoon! .. so confused! .. tsk ..  http://plurk.com/p/y232c
morning all! my neck is poorly sore  don't want to HAVE to take the piercing out so off to the pharmacy! bad times
My internet is down again  but its 3 in the morning so I won't worry about it now
Feeling like crap this morning and a tad annoyed that @exwebjunkie is sleeping like a baby with 4 hours kip &amp; I'm managing with 3  
My little kitten passed away this morning. Today has been horrible  http://twitpic.com/6ipk6
@TanyaDS lol, sorry man.. its sending this morning! soz for taking so long 
one of my very best mates is moving Wed morning... I'm actually quite sad.   this is so unlike me!
morning. Far too cold to sit outside today  although I have taken a risk and hung the washing out!
I fainted this morning. This heat stroke is pretty horrible 
good morning twitters much prefer the blue sky  to the white one 
feel so trired this morning, and have so much to do 
@champignons ouch  I don't usually mind it, but I have a week off, and I'd really like a lay in one morning.  How's peanut? X
stress this morning. Nothing like an early morning issue to start the day... 
oops, forgot to snort some anti-histamines this morning.long snuffly day ahead then 
@joshbuckley how depressing? I couldn't eat breakfast in the garden this morning 
 scary motorway incident this morning, im okay though  (I think im being abit of a drama queen this morning!)
Oh noeees my eyes are puffy this morning 
@habzamaphone awww mate that sucks  maybe have a nap this afternoon? worked for me yesterday
@woke up early for the announcment and its at 7 
morning allll, my eyes hurt 
Really need some prayers this morning!  #fb
@frak morning u! ;) sorry wasn't logged in for a while! 
up at 4:00 this morning.. as had lots of deployments  
@dannywood I miss your morning tweets 
goood morning. I do not feel good what so ever...my throat killsss!! summer needs to come a  little faster. 
good morning world... bummed that the guy never called to set up an interview.. need to keep looking.. getting dressed then off to work. 
G'day... I guess! I begun this morning having issues with all my tech devices... And my pbook just blocked!!! 
So my dad woke me up at 2:30 this morning to say bye 
not so good morning, throat is killing me for some reason  and im not sick. i think i sang too much yesterday.
good morning twitter...on my way to the courthouse 
Almost fell out of bed this morning - not a nice way to wake up!! 
Guess who forgot her coffee this morning.. 
morning yall ... my belly button hurts  oww
Myspace is NOT working this morning I am unable to sign in 
a bee woke me up this morning. 
heading back to bath - missing the afternoon session at #fowa  - shame -it's been a good event so far
stupid parents are loud as hell in the morning. now i can't fall back asleep.  but it's pretty and foggy outside.
The loon was back out on the lake this morning. An odd site here. He is by himself which makes his calling out for a mate a little sad. 
No rants this morning. 
@PreciousPinks . . .I know right! I am so not a morning person 
Not feeling 2 great this morning...I think I'm getting sick 
morning morning!!! hey! i heard there is still hope to get what i want... !!! 3 more weeks???!!!! hopefully. might not go to my friend's 
I couldn't tweet early this mornin  but morning twitters!!!
@YasserRahman 10 min?? nothing? fudge it!! ill go 5 in the morning.. 
@WeWantNEYOnVibe good morning hun!!!! still not getting to txt  hope u have a great day!! love u!!! DMing u
good morning, still feeel like crap 
got to class too early again this morning.... going to fall asleep during this lecture 
Taking the 4 year old to the doctor this morning. She says her stomach still hurts and is totally lethargic.  I'm worried.
@MrEdLover  how was ur morning hun  i have a pic of me and u but i dont know how to twittpic so i cant show it 
I'm feeling kind of yucky this morning 
 how can I be out of eggs? no baking for me this morning
(@lisa365) NTS: do not floss the morning before a dentist appt. I has a hurt 
@schofe funny on 'this morning' this morning! weird saying that! not long till ferne goes hey  boo who love you guys! have a nice day!
Just stepped outside on my balcony and now I'm disappointed! Why? B/C  no morning spliff to burn smh 
@mcgraths He wouldn't eat this morning and he typically wolfs his food right down. 
I maimed a squirrel this morning.  I've never hit an animal before!
why is this commute so hard this morning 
@BonesFan021 it's 20 past 12 in the morning here   I must have needed that nana nap!
I had an epiphany this morning...but I freaking forgot it on the way to work  #brainfail
This morning I woke up opened the window and didn't see any mountains. 
realization: I feel sick every morning. 
I am so tired this morning, didn't get to sleep until 3. and then I got up at 7! yah I know it's 4 hours I should be happy but I'm not! 
@mrsboozer He surprised me 1st thing this morning so I was prepared. I had hope he'd gotten thrown out with the trash 
god i miss sleeping in  i always stay up late getting distracted, whether or not i can sleep it off in the morning, silly me
Our neighbor loves shitty music. For example, nickel back... She loves playing it loud... in the morning. 
had two bees fly into his room this morning.  
good afternoon ladies and gents..... let my day begin (i sleep in too much) 
Missed talking to my mom this morning! 
was wfh so missed liwa when she was in our office courtyard all afternoon yesterday.  she's still having trouble flying and getting lift.
is awake and not overly excited about the cavities he's having filled this morning 
@MsNabilalah i dont have school tmr! so woohoo! i think im not sleeping till their live chat in the morning. i want partay too! 
burnt my neck this morning w/ a straightner!!!!how gay the day before graduation 
why is it so &quot;cold&quot; out it was promising this morning that it would be warm.     
@FunkyFairy30 morning. How are you today? I have a touch of lurgy! 
@brynneOH I'll text you in the morning... I PROMISE. I'm freakin' sleepy 
Waking up in the morning to realize that your sunburn actually does hurt is not fun. Especially when it hurts quite a lot. 
i have an astonishingly bad headache this morning..  owch man.
@SabrinaO0318 im suffering bad from allergies this morning if that helps  prob not even close though...
I had dozed off this morning on the couch; awoke to hear my 6 yr old giving me a haircut. 
woke up this morning and has a sore throat and a bad cold 
Just got back from a morning of garage sales - didn't find much... 
raiiiiiin, working, studying, sats in the morning 
suddenly I'm craving the donut I didn't get this morning 
good morning. or afternoon. whatever, it's morning to me. i'm still kinda sad about graduation. 
afternoon wood? http://tinyurl.com/p95l8o it's really like zoolander lol I can't believe I won't be here to see it 
Aaaa... translating Aein Isseoyo only made my morning feel gloomy and blue.. The song is so full of tears.. 
My afternoon kinda fell apart. 
Aaaa... translating Aein Isseoyo only made my morning feel gloomy and blue.. The song is so full of tears.. 
I wish the people upstairs would stop thumping the ceiling. They've been doing it nonstop for days. Even at 3 in the morning. 
Just found out my grandmother had a stroke this morning 
1 hour and 10 minutes left.. of course I have to work in the morning so I cant go out tonight 
Me not wanna study this morning but I have to  http://bit.ly/TKtuW
Glorious early winter morning, fantastic ride. Just can't feel my toes anymore. 
I had a very unpleasant morning.  my mom woke me up to go to the market with her. wth.
Going to bed. SATS in the morning 
So tired we didn't see the hangover  bed soon therapy in the morning.
@chambersingerpb ewwwww i didnt think about that patty!!!! I'll probally wake up in the morning with herpes  shewww
says saturday morning exercise is really not part of my routine..  still sleepy.. http://plurk.com/p/yrr10
Our property is a mess after the storm last evening 
slept last night like 6 in the morning .... ahhhh .... 
Death in the morning 
missed hannah montanna this morning. sad 
@scattterbrain f not we have to pick it up tomorrow morning at her house. Sowwy  uhh if I don't text you before you get here just honk whe
i dont want SATS in the morning 
hate this afternoon 
Morning all. What a dull, wet, yucky morning 
uh i reaally wish it would stop raining -_- .....walking to ju-jitsu is not going to be fun this morning  .
good morning people been up sinces 7am this morning couldnt sleep i wanted a lie in 
It's 3 in the morning and I just got into my bed at the hotel . . . breakfast ends at 10:30 
It's 3 in the morning and I just got into my bed at the hotel . . . breakfast ends at 10:30  http://twitter.com/ebarin/statuses/20521 ...
I have to work this morning  no sat morn cartoons.
morning everyone weathers shit here 
Terribly poor golf this morning 
That was not as good a morning as I expected... I need to stop snoozing more than an hour or my damn alarm won't go off anymore 
morning - horrible wet soggy walk with the dog now  .....
Mannn, that thing in my throat that makes me cough hellof much everynight/morning needs to go away already 
hello morning twitter...i really cba to work today 
good morning everyone - bit cooler this morning   i hear there's a tunisian market on the go - may go and have a nosey for old-times sake
grr wanted a lie in today but i hadnt cancelled my alarm from yday morning  gutted
@suenotalex yes, eventually. He woke up really early 2  but seems happy enough this morning!
it is four in the morning and I cant sleep  so i am sitting here drinking diet coke 
morning @mattpro13 new picture makes me wanna die 
@Jennifalconer morning! I woke up the noise of our neighbours reversing a lorry take loads of garden waste away at 830 this morn!! 
morning. Got a busy weekend ahead of me tidying my room and coursework o do and revision 
has a swollen thumb from surfing this morning.  http://plurk.com/p/ysqn6
Is pretty sure morning came way to soon. I never got to sleep. 
@Irishcreamy This morning lang 
bobby left this morning!  i wont see him again till february! 
morning all off to work 
tired as hell had to work at 6:30 this morning ugh 
I am kinda grouchy this morning. 
hmmm still raining so that i means i wont be going for a run this afternoon 
dumb dog woke me up early this morning 
its 9 in The morning and i still havnt went to sleep 
@DjYe haha make me smack u! its looking like this morning is a bust for me  lol
Spending the afternoon refactoring the wave release engine. I think it must have been a late one when i wrote this 
Feeling gross this morning.  
thanks to these morning clouds... not a beach day for me and @jesscascio 
I really just want to stay in bed and cuddle up with my pillows... It's too gloomy for a 4 mile run this morning!!! 
this whole picking my car up from downtown the next morning is becoming a trend  at the doggy beach all day!
sprained my ankle while working in my flower beds at seven this morning 
another morning of nothing... yay me   I wish the sun would come out!
@stephaniealaina sounds like you're having a rough morning 
bad storms this morning interfered with my sleep  but then I slept in waaaayy to late.
this morning's trail run confirms... pup is getting old   and slow.
Why must my father be such a crab this morning? 
I said it sarcastically cuz geo was bullshitting me all fucking morning. 
I made it.. We had fun! YAY!! then I sorta slept in this morning, sorta.. but I forgot about my nail appointment  so i have to wait now
@fluffysucks Yes it is perfect for this morning. Is it only streaming for so long, then..*poof* gone? How will I listen after that? 
So tired I gave my dog a bath at 5:30 this morning  don't ask.
@CallaLilies83 not at all...I've spent most of the afternoon in the bathroom! 
What's up twitter? I'm gonna be very domestic today and work on the house now that my morning was so abruptly ended. 
hates the morning after a really great night out because the better the night was, the worse I look and feel in the morning. Its not fair 
@diffaaa that's my every morning (if i even eat) 
says it's 4clock in the morning, and I still can't sleep  http://plurk.com/p/yy400
The pain of having to study organic chem at 4.30am in the morning! 
@nathaliek I tend to burn myself a lot with my straightener in the morning 
Not feeling to good this afternoon  http://plurk.com/p/yy8n9
Its cloudy now  and I can't sneak into the pool in the morning either  http://mypict.me/2Q8S
@AlexaPittman i am trying to my best to take off! lol. well, i worked this morning and now im sitting here doing nothing  lol you?
my mom got mad at me  I need to make my bed. lol, its like 4 in the afternoon and i haven't made my bed 
morning all.. its a beautiful day here. can hardly move my neck now. reeeally f*cked it and my back up more at work last night. 
@bigjonevans i don't understand why #smcgville has to be at the ass-crack of dawn. i'm so not a morning person... but i want to come 
my head is killing me. everyone is speaking loudly and the neighbours won't stop fighting. this is not my morning. 
It sucks when I havework sooo early tomo morning, I couldn't even stay late 
@diedrecook It was at 10:00 this morning, but I was too late for a gift card. 
@sawss I know but Kashni left this morning... so when i look at her door i'm so sad. I don't think I can enter 
So the delivery guys from the grocery store never came.  Now I have to deal with the mess tomorrow morning. arggg
@AngelaShowers I wanted to call you afterward, but I took a nap - then ended up staying up all nite until about 8:30 this morning 
@daybreak1012 me too. 
I don't feel good :/ only ate oatmeal in the morning 
@breonna I'm distraught over you lack the morning light in your life if I could go out for it... I would 
@superjentendo i'm so sorry to hear that. my gf just lost her mother this morning. sad times  
@monica2112 You have to work at 5?? I can relate, I have to get up at 4:30.  And I am soooo  not a morning person.
6.30 in the morning and havent had any sleep so not impressed 
My blackberry case just disappeared...i'll have to question the kids in the morning 
awake early this morning...  plan to catchup on some blog reading before the rest of the house wakes up
storm woke me up this morning and cant get back to sleep 
morning all. blue sky and sunny here. I'm up with the girls but feeling like c*** 
I believe I need to wake up early in the morning  And this sucks donkey balls 
Its a brand new day, wet wet wet, its been chucking down this morning, how do I get to church, got to get out of the house shortly... 
up early a not much to do  some domestic chores then an afternoon with a good book I fancy...weather prohibits much more 
@labananala haha. indeed it will. i was just thinking about that... at 3:00 in the morning... well im dissapointed that the cake is gone 
good morning/afternoon/evening/whatever! well, just woke up with a sore throat and a headache, feel pretty much fucked up right now 
@deltamat I know mate! The wife has to work this morning so the alarm woke us up 
This is a joke the one morning I have to wake up early and I cant fall asleep the night before 
storm, what storm? I get woken by my noisy neighbour early every sunday morning 
got woken up by thunder this morning, very loud 
suffering this morning  but it was self inflicted so its my own fault really!
http://twitpic.com/6timb - The park this morning..its freeeezing 
what a naff wet morning  was planning a trip into town but don't know if I can be bothered now?
rainy morning  just got back from walking the dog
@dontforgetchaos i found cat shit this morning  not good on a hangover
I took a catnap in the afternoon. I had bad dream 
No 3g or other Internet access except wireless anywhere this morning 
I  sm very happy thst i msnsged to get up early this morning, its just rubbish that my downloads are not finished 
Cocktails with 7 shots in them that tast so good= a fuzzy head in the morning 
morning, watching some real world as the hills weekend break bailed out on me 
getting ready to go to the walk for autism. too early in the morning 
its raining...     it was so sunny this morning!
Feeling bad for shouting at my mum this morning 
Feels sick from the full english my mum cooked this morning!!! i cant eat on a morning!!! 
Last morning of Powette  i miss my baby  and love him very much!
Seriously why do people cut their cut 9 o'clock in the morning?!?!?!?!?!?!? Now i cant go back to sleep 
http://twitpic.com/6tpof - just woke up. too bad that i didn't see this face first thing this morning 
@jaraca that was so sent yesterday morning. i love how smrt the mobile nets are ... tho it's a shame i'm up now ... i'm super hungover 
got scared by all the thunder and lightning this morning and ended up hiding under my duvet pretending i couldn't hear it!! 
did not wake up to a lake view this morning. 
Nursing an injured knee this morning - no long run for me 
Lower back issues are keeping me from the gym this morning 
No yoga this morning.    I have SO much work to do.
Playd 18 holes early this morning, hit the ball okey but putted terrible 
@cchana u called this morning and no one woke me up how poo and they just told me now 
My bird just died this morning and I'm not even there to see him get buried 
We had a good morning, finished painting garden furniture but it rained 
morning my twiggas. i have a serious headace!  i took some meds but i need to lay back down 
has a stuffy baby boy now  he's not as bad this morning as during the night, but it's still heartbreaking.
Woken up at 6:25am by my dog. 
woke up with a headache this morning 
morning tweeps ;-) locked my keys in the car last night.... and they are still there 
my poor @sammajo is having a bad morning.. 
are we all grumpy? not one person said good morning back to me 
Missed my workout this morning. 
So muxh for sleeping in  morning everyone....
So much for sleeping in  morning everyone....
morning heartaches 
good morning! about to head downtown with my sister.  ..looks like rain! 
way too many cute dogs for me this morning 
great night.. not such a good morning, since i have to study n i really dont want too! 
morning twits! i been bad - not updating    well here i am!
my dog abandoned me this morning... 
I'm soooo cold, I'm sitting with a hot water bottle.Usually I would put the gas fire on times like this but it got taken out this morning 
also, my phone is dead  and i did NOT have time to charge it this morning
not a morning person 
wondering what @onlinewoman is up to. thought we were getting together this morning, but haven't heard from her 
Feeling defeated this morning, still have 28hours remaining in the single mom countdown 
my poor cat is having her last meal before going in to have her thyroid removed tomorrow morning 
Wishing I could make my poor fiance feel better! He's been throwing up all morning. 
@xlbinney yeah  i'll be wrecked in the morning. :/
my dad just called me &amp; we might be flying to caracas in the morning 
This is my 500th tweet, not looking forward to paper round in the morning 
@shanecasey I no and French that morning won't help either  what topics are u doin?
Should really go to bed seeing as my exams early in the morning and I haven't even packed my bag 
going to football workouts in the morning 
cheer early in the morning 
on last batch of laundry. have not slept a wink. am now watching educational morning cartoons. i wish my clothes were tumbler friendly 
@rsylvester I had the same thought...I'll bet the paper this morning pretty much ruined his or her day off.  
Why are beds always comfyer in the morning? I can't recreate such comfort 
Bollocks, BNP have won a euro seat.  I suspect they may win another by the morning too 
@bellsw shoot!  my nickname has been 'BELLS se entrar chama' for the hole afternoon ( KIOEKOIEKEOIE
morning tweets 
hung out with joe for the afternoon! so much fun! i now miss my girls down in nola 
@morgie128 not about the burning  I saw your tweet from this morning about all the great pampering
RadioNZ wanted to resched interview for this afternoon but I couldn't do it b/c booked up w/ clients 
@t_shore sadly, it was indeed 11.30. I was in bed by 11.45  I felt perfect the next morning though. No hangover for me 
woke up this morning with emptyness.. 
A great coffee this morning... But a very disappointing breakfast 
@colombiancoffee not sure. I have a car situation, so my morning routine is screwy. 
sigh...and back to class in the morning 
Why  everytime I drink wine I get sooo horny?!? I want to get it in but-the lovely friend of the month decided to stop by this morning 
woke up this morning and was sick. missed out on playing baseball 
and he has regained some strength, but he's still not 100%. i'll be at my vet first thing in the morning.  
Ugh i cant sleep and i have vbs sooo early in the morning 
I really didn't want to leave my warm bed this morning 
@stephenshuai yup!. woke up late as I reached home this morning 
is not feeling well at 3 o' clock in the morning 
@Solarica96 omg me too!!! i have karate at 930 in the morning..i guess i should sleep but i dont want to 
Watching scrubs at 2 in the morning and hating the fact that it's canceled now... 
Finally got to sleep at 4:30 this morning and the alarm went off at 5:30 how annoying  and no sow for 2 days now 
@MadamSalami morning my chicken! my internet died last night 
Morning tweeps! What u all doing? I have a very saw throat this morning 
Woken up by cleaners 
slept for 10 hours last night...and still feels like crap this morning. 
WELLLL good fucking morning. i want a cigarette 
apparently head trauma isn't a great bed fellow of beat making  maybe i'll just work on pads this morning......
i fear i need cigarettes and sleep for philosophy in the morning 
Annoying: I have a journal article to revise and I spent all morning doing random chores 
yes it is 3:30 in the morning and once again, my sleeping schedule is fucked up!!! 
I really wish i had a coffee now. Only had time for one this morning. 
early wake up call  i am just NOT a morning person..and probably never will be haha
Is struggling for inspiration this morning... 
Woken up with a very, very sore throat 
#iremember getting my first guitar when i was 6. I took that thing for granted until i woke up one morning, and it got all broken 
I don't feel like eating and I haven't eaten since this morning 
aww shucks! tummy ache! I bet it's the thosai I ate this morning...hmph! 
Another rainy morning 
Rubbish morning so far and my hayfever has reached epic proportions 
beautiful, sunny morning here, but oh so quiet ... again ... 
Too early in the morning. Why do I always have to wake up when I'm having such good dreams. 
pretty sure that this is the first morning in 3 years that i haven't had my ipod to listen to... 
hot and sweaty after a morning of errands, bird poo and now to follow orders at home.. what a day off 
its 6:00 in the morning and i'm finally going to bed. my sleeping schedule is sooo messed up 
good morning ! my tongues sore...  x
Feels absolutely horrible this morning. 
@CarlaSpeaks aarghh i need to invent a lunchtime teleporting machine 
I have just been out in the sunshine to eat my lunch and am gutted to be stuck in the office for the restof the afternoon 
oops missed opticians appointment this morning will just have to deal with being blind all summer 
@juicyyj um i called u this morning!!!! 
up quite early this morning.. watching scrubs. terrible weather again 
@armourforvictor morning lol... I'm at starbucks studying for a test this morning 
I am sooo not a morning person   ...off to work
I miss waking up every morning and seeing the mountains 
@IsThatDee i started to take a fresh one too this morning...but my mug is broke down...cause folks are plucking my nerves...earrrrrrrrly 
Such a bad bad morning my fucking lord 
I am not an early morning person at all. 
well the person i was supposed to meet this morning is not here and im not sure what to do now 
started the morning off just great! got a speading ticket! 
an iced latte would be so great right now to kick start my morning.... to bad no caffeine for me 
this morning is perfect for sleeping in.  too bad i can't 
i ran over a kitten this morning, and didn't know.. worst day ever, about to start cryinggg 
So lazy this morning. I can't get movin 
The boat's very slow getting away this morning...thus increasing my four hour commute into work this sunny monday morning 
@kalicer too early in the morning  #fml 
lactose intolerant + cheesecake date with @RidingScruffy last night = a rough morning... 
Everything is annoying me this morning.  Not good 
A hardcore morning workout does not alleviate nausea....I'm going back to bed 
morning, throat still hurts 
Oh, man. Not feeling so hot this morning. 
The fckn birds wake me up every morning 
I've got a busy evening of painting ahead of me. And I'm tired. 
@Robdturner we have strengths training that morning 
to the doctor's office late this morning in turn to work late which equals ate my cereal late....  let me go and get some water and tea 
@mileycyrus why the disconnect on the radio interview this morning.... really let down a lot of people...   not cool
Stomach hurts. Parents fighting. Not the greatest morning 
morning twits!! or should i say good afternoon...sooooo don't feel like going to class at 1:25 
Shoes still wet from the walk in this morning. 
@MsSdot yea I had to take my friend to the airport this morning ugh I was beyond annoyed 
@lexamexa lucky i had volleyball and lifting this morning. 
@roseahmad yeah this morning was pretty tragic 
Why did I take my brolly out of my bag this morning? Why?! It's going to be thunderstorm-a-licious in five minutes 
I miss your good morning texts.  whatever happend to those?
Preparing for lunch, I have had computer problems this morning. 
Why is the hospital waiting room packed at 3 in the afternoon? I probably should have eaten before checking myself in 
Getting antsy. The body shop closes in two hours and I haven't heard from them since this morning. 
I wish I hadn't rolled my ankle when I fell this morning. 
my dad hit a deer this morning 
totally feel for truck drivers.  drove 4 hrs last night and woke up with achy body 
6am, morning start in the office and the water urn (hot water) isn't turned on so no coffee till it's heated up 
Root canal calling in the morning...  
is in for a long evening...kiddo is not taking a nap today.  
I have a singing lesson in the morning and by depriving myself of sleep I will seriously need to warm up in the morning  lol
so, i slept a bit this afternoon. i was hoping i would wake up to rain.  instead it's a 100 degrees in my house. 
i returned my harp months ago cause i knew i'd be leaving but i went downstairs to play it this morning and then remembered it was gone 
My mighty mouse is not so mighty, this morning, can't scroll up 
holy crap.. that final week be stressin me ouuuuuuttttt!!!!  got an app. at the dentist tomorro morning..baaah
@dilbilliards for sure, but I can't make lunchtime  maybe an early morning?
dreads the morning commute from alabang to makati 
went to the doctor this morning,,, arghh had a needle!!! hate them 
was not loving the thunder and lightening storm this morning - 
Dreading orchestra in the morning 
@Lorenanator welll i didn't realize, but i have gym in the morning. So i'm thinking this weekend definitely, is that ok? I'm sorrry!   ...
screw this, i'm going to bed  hopefully, everything will have spontaneously fixed itself by morning.
@alicat321 yes...   I think the class this morning broke me    thanks for the well wishes!
@nicolettemiller and @sarahestokes  yea i wish it was open since i drive by it every morning  now i have to settle for beyond coffee
our dog just died this morning 
Looking at Stocks to buy tmw morning and new to sell 34000 of one if it can jump up a bit 
@DPrince2124 I'm just playing LOL. I get sleep....well ENOUGH sleep anyway, even though I randomly wake up around 3 every morning 
morning all! i just had caramel frapuchino and i'm feeling fat now  
@JessJ9294 shane will probably wake me up...plus my family is loud in the morning. 
feeling sad that a good friend has passed away this morning 
Ugh. I hate having tuitions in the morning...Its just too early! 
Sakit perut..and have had to give an important meeting a miss this morning...not happy 
sigh.......what a terrible morning 
why the f does tyra not show in the morning anymore 
leaving for sacramento in the morning. not under good circumstances either. 
Y do i kp waking up at this stupid time in the morning urgh! 
roled out of bed around 5:15 this morning, way to early 
@schrunk wait til the morning and gloom sets in... 
is nervous...hubby is off to the cancer clinic this morning  
@jonasbrothers we went to two walmarts and neither of them would give us the new cd. We have to wait until morning 
Packing up my shit. I reallly don't want to go home in the morning 
woke up so early this morning, to study  bleah ... not fair :-s ..
And this morning weekly company committee... 
ready 4 work, headache  will be fine! good morning to all!!
There must of been oregano in my dinner last night, my stomach ain't good, wish I could have some soya yoghurt this morning 
#iremember power rangers... and my crush on the red ranger. and saturday morning cartoons. what happened to them?! 
I found it really difficult to leave my warm and soft bed in the morning. Even in the hot day 
Looks like we've got a spammer on dgeek this morning 
Our tummies are sore - too many afternoon treats 
i think im going to fail first aid just cause i couldnt get up this morning 
Shucks man, why must it rain this morning, can't bike can't run 
i feel like listening to Deathstars this morning ... i want a  band tee sooo baddd 
Not having a good morning, feel ill... have to walk to college with a bad foot too. 
is still tired &amp; has the early morning sniffles 
Fish Fatality this morning.. 
my cat died this morning 
feeling it could be a long morning, baby almost able to do the things he wants ... but. not. quite.   
omg my brother woke me up to cut his hair at 9.30 in the morning, i don't think he realises that i only went to sleep at 3 in the morning 
It is a beautiful morning, but that just makes me worry that my hayfever will come back  I almost enjoyed that thunderstorm yesterday!!
well that was a fun morning :/ horrible news. grrrr 
@zippy69 just got to my room .. its 2am and have to pack in the morning 
In citizenship, trying to revise for my Religious Studies exam this afternoon 
I had to do three in the morning sheet changes because the drunk beyond belief decided to vomit everywhere 
needs a shower! This morning is sucking me in though 
woke up this morning and saw that HORNYHOTTIE was now following me ;) I guess it wasnt meant to be, twitter deleted her as spam 
is still a profoundly damaged unit this morning..... 
 shit morning!
I lost my beard this morning 
morning twitterland. fly in my room woke me up 
I got my #squarespace caught in my zipper this morning 
hate that is so humid this early in the morning 
Ahhh! phone call woke me up this morning 
5-mile easy run this morning.  Right calf and soleus mostly fine, but started to notice some pulling at @ 4 1/2 miles.  
Ugh my sister is ruining my gym session this morning, I guess ill have to go later tonight 
morning just up having no coffee forgot 2 buy  watching cnn
It's very rainy and gloomy this morning 
Waking up this morning was torture 
not feeling too good this morning.   mornting folks.
@_ElizaClaire_ &gt;&gt;he asked me this morning to &quot;ask the nursery ladies if he could  not go anymore&quot;. He's only 2 
My throat always hurts in the morning. 
i think someone broke my caffeine; it's not working this morning 
I'm thinking I should have taken longer on the analysis I was asked to do - now I have no interesting jobs for this afternoon 
the cats are being annoying this morning.  
@Jinxie_G was hoping to get out and toss the discs this morning, but it's raining 
I hit a baby duckling this morning!  
There is some avatar kidnapping going on this morning @BoosPlace @SarahRobinson  are just sad empty squares 
my poor puppy has been throwing up all morning 
yet another morning when i awake with hunger, and no food 
@natyrios My day is starting off 2 b pretty good...I'm just mad I couldn't give my man a kiss goodbye this morning 'cause I'm sick 
good morning twitter! or should i say not so good morning... i have a horrible stomach ache 
I want to go out for breakfast this morning instead of cookin 
My finger was still bleeding this morning 
bah, so sleepy. i think this counts as serious fatigue. skipped yoga last night and went to bed early. still tired today. 
 I hurt my wrist some how this morning and it really hurts 
may have hit a squirrel this morning...cried a little. 
got pulled over for my tinted windows this morning.  got off with a verbal warning. today not starting out to great!
woke up late this morning and is in a rush! 
I was lying in bed last night and this morning cursing as my legs were throbbing...  But hey, off to gym in a bit... do it all again...
Last night at 10pm I decided to paint my bathroom and this morning I decided I hate the color..... 
I'm skipping my workout this morning (just this once, I swear!) and I feel guilty 
@Zarathrustya share! I am so hungry this morning 
mad at unisom for leaving me high and dry from 2:30 to 5:30 this morning. 
terrible morning - screaming children 
@ndmLA the sun was out earlier this morning at 6, like yesterday. now it's gray again. 
@cosmetic_candy hayfever? i woke up this morning and couldn't physically open my eye for 4hrs... it sucks 
ugh! I woke up this morning with a migraine   ...took a bunch of drugs put bengay on went back to bed and just rewoke up
My morning is going pretty good, but not so well for someone else.  I wish I could help.
Just woke up. It's my first morning by myself. The apartment feels very lonely now that everyone has gone 
@stellaloella sad  txt me this afternoon if you've got a second to grab a coffee, I'll be in the area, otherwise I'll catch you next time.
but no thank yous for the $38.77 gas this morning 
didnt get in to bblb  what was the point in me waking up this morning.
headshots went amazing.. but my grandma died this morning 
I've had far too much sugar today. Which is strange because this morning I got told by my teacher I stand a chance of getting diabetes.. 
@xosarahdawn no not since this morning!  stupid maintience every time it messes up on verizon phones.
/volleyball kicked my ass this morning. 
off to the doctors this morning probably should attempt to get out of bed.....  
@ayeshasunshine  i came to check our beautiful seesters @ hogwarts thread and i couldn't get in! i tried getting on this morning&amp; no luck
@selenagomez crap I have to wake up at like 5:30 or 6 in the morning so I don't think I can stay up! 
what a perfecy morning call!  i need vacation.. seriously
is getting the last things packed to leave in the morning 
no swimming in the morning?! YES!!! i mean...darn it    ...
ughh  i have an interview in the morning!
@misscole74 no worries..I have alltel..I was getting them up until this morning now nothing 
@xjkradicoolx I need hydrogen peroxide, gloves, and a good deal of patience.  I'm doing it in the morning though.
hopefully just got a babysitting job for thursday morning yayyy but no six flags anymore  you cant always get what you want
Going to bed, lets hope this strange worried feeling is gone in the morning 
plan: guitar center friday afternoon? someone go with me  you might be bored but only MAYBE.
my aunt is leaving tomorrow morning  I hate goodbyes.
MaoCat in the morning, yay! He made me miss my bus though 
legs still hurting from a very tough spin class this morning... 
just walked to work. was soooooo cold this morning, plus the dust is really building up already. 
I hate being on the train to work this early in the morning 
feel blank and restless. B will be leaving tmr morning 
morning twitter! chemistry exam today  then only one left then off to malia!!!!!!!!!
Could only spot one triops this morning. Really quite upset about my little babies 
morning dont like early mornings 
its going to be one long painful walk to to the station this morning 
 i miss my kitten so much right now. love crying at 2 in the morning, i thought you were going to make it. &lt;/3
It's a beautiful morning! A shame I have to work inside all day. 
up at 6 this morning doing biology. sooooo tired!!! 
@Phene I am...I'm hopin it's ok in the morning...I'm sittin on the couch with ice right now.. 
even more tired this morning than i was yesterday. got business first lesson  killmenow.
It's a beautiful morning! A shame I have to work inside all day. 
Ugh.  I should really stop and go home, but I'm finally on a roll.  If I stop now, I know I'll be stuck when I wake up in the morning.  
good morning or good night to all of you ;D just got my 3rd cup of coffee and now heading for a way too long meeting! 
Awww ftikkn @jonasbrothers arents playing my favorite song on tour.well atleaat I'm pretty sure there not  I'll confirm it in the morning
@leonaaaa arrgh! I checked, no software updates  I hope it's there in the morning!
@radio_schizo  I wish I were there right now, but I have class in the morning.
Leaving for disney in the morning...my new shoes did not arrive 
nasty emails are not a good way to start the morning 
Another day and again I feel crappy this morning. Thats it I'm going to the doctors for antibiotics this evening 
my lungs are just not wanting to inflate this morning. am wheezing, I sound like a old lady. 
I hate how everytime I actually have to get up in the morning I can't get to sleep until the sun is starting to come up. What gives! 
Morning all, one very wet morning in glasgow and yet it's time to go out 
Just spent 2h at the doctor, missed wonderful morning fog with sun peeking through, would have been great light 
Oh my gosh, I do NOT want to run this morning....!!! 
Logistics fail this morning 
But then she was still asleep! So I got to tell her why she must go of the bed 10.45 in the morning! So it isn't a surprise any more 
good morning,went to shopping but i didnt buy anything  so bored
good morning! stepped out and in that exact moment a huge cloud obscured the sun, so I had to go in again 
I have taken my tamiflu this morning and it's given me a temperature........  
damn hayfever, sneezing fit first thing in the morning, soo not fun 
Not loving all three morning boys being off at the same time I miss them 
@ladysanpedro Yes, I know exactly what you mean. I get up early each morning to let the dogs out to pee 
Goood morning. I'm sick  sadness
good morning, missing finals cause i have to go to the chiropractor for my pinky they might have to rebrake it 
Not feeling so hot this morning...woke up with a migraine 
@lexi2010 I got bird poop on my car yesterday morning. 
 good morning twitter
i'm feelin that squeeze in my lungs again... maybe i should call the girls for a morning jog... but it's so foggy outside! 
i'm really really missing my mac this morning  the people who robbed me seriously suck hard.
@tommcfly  hey tom what time do you get up in the morning usually? i have to get up at 5:00am tomorrow morning  xo
@benz87  I was hoping for you to be online this morning - no one to chat to!
had a migraine this morning, have only just got up, feel really rubbish 
still raining hard too so can't sneak out for my lunchtime read 
Is not having a good morning  blah!!!!!
iPhone 3.0 update delay rumor was making the rounds last night and then died off; I see they're alive and well again this morning. 
I woke up at friggin 4:17 in the morning. 
good morning  off to the doctors to get my jaw adjusted.... 
One of our retired lieutenants passed away this morning from cancer.  #firefighter #ems
dammit!!  first award of the morning and @beachman lost 
@slang4201 my stupid body woke me up at 2 this morning! 
@StephieMay lol i stayed up past midnight and checked several times, then checked this morning 
@sawickis I watered my garden this morning then is started raining 
Just returned to the hostel even though it's only 2 in the afternoon here... a bird pooped on my skirt!!! 
is super sad to learn that a fellow employee passed this morning... im praying for her and her family 
@AlanCarrFan gutted forums down  that was a mad morning =|
So I called my friend @enigmadevine504 this morning and she igged me 
Not feeling well this morning..hope I'm not comn down with the flu again 
Doing my homework   en in the afternoon I go play some sports
Another morning w/out coffee  I don't think I am coping well!
Just rolled out the bed...damn it was hard to get up this morning 
terrible morning, it jus hit me that the seniors are graduating i cant eat 
I didn't have coffee or fresh fruit this morning because I wasn't able to go by the office this morning 
To sandra girl u are not the only one, felt the same way this morning 
Just spoke with travis.... I'm shaking a little. I wish so badly I could gather courage to ask for tickets to a show  best morning ever
@xHayleyxBabyx aww hun that's not good, saw you was a bit down this morning, hope you ok  x
Its sooooo early in the morning 
Not feelin great at alll this morning 
@wahine69 I woke up early this morning to run the new update but it wasnt available 
http://twitpic.com/7mkhg - Almost stepped on this cutie this morning 
@shilohwalker someone else had that problem this morning 
morning morning!!!!...sad cause i wont have time for breakfast before class 
work email is broken   - as for other bad news, someone got burned and sent to the hospital this morning
just got up from a mid morning nap.  i don't know what is up with me being so tired all the time.  
@IBandBAMfan Saabier came by. But he brought people with! He wanted to show them how I look in the morning. He's a meanie 
My mom is driving my nuts this morning, and i have a cold 
terrible way to start out the morning. a doughnut for breakfast!? i guess i'm gonna have to throw it up! 
went to the orthodontist this morning, still another month left. bleh. 
http://twitpic.com/7nq2p - This is what I've been moaning about all evening... killing sore 
I went to a waterpark yesterday and I woke up this morning with sunburnt.Except the places that my bathing suit was.  
@canuckskickarse And just do the twitterverse is up to date: I did no receive breakfast in bed this morning 
i hate fighting. i hate stressing. i hated crying this morning right before taking my regents  but later on it was great x3. i do love him
so tired of this morning,afternoon and even sickness....im so scared to eat 
went for a jog this morning...i am so fat!! 
Why are the neighbors having yucky time @ 2h30 in the morning? 
I don't remember putting on my cranky pants this morning, but there they are 
@akaTK Missed you at this morning's webinar 
i wish there was more to do at like 2.25 in the morning but every one keeps going to sleep 
@GDGOfficial no fair, I just bought mine this morning 
little girl woke up with a fever... hope she's feelin' better in the morning 
morning sunshine. i had breakfast with my own self 
wishing i could spend a nice evening with my sweetheart....but he's hundreds of miles away 
hates prank callers at 10 o'clock in the morning  especially when they try to put on an indian accent and they sound scottish/jamacan
Needs to go to bed cuz I work in the morning 
@shaundiviney i totally missed your phone call yesterday afternoon cuz i was stuck in a managers meeting 
@sonyaso sorry, no tweet yesterday evening, 'cause no connection... 
@LynetteChapman damn...i bought mine through apple so i bet they won't do that.  looks like apple is getting another call in the morning 
What an early morning,forgot my access card and now really need to go  
What a frustrating and bad morning , everything that can go wrong went wrong 
i should rly go 2 bed sometime soon...i have class in the morning 
@theshelbytheory it will! He leaves in the morning  ooo yayyy! I can't wait to hear!
@shamim86 Tried ringing you this morning on my costa run- but got ur answer phone! 
feel sick this morning,  may have eaten wrong 
@stoneywayne haha what are u having? wish i could drink too but i have to work in the morning 
It's way too early in the morning to be already awake and do some studying 
Ugh, i've taken my hayfever tablet but it doesn't seem to be kicking in this morning 
Woken by dog licking face.  Not happy 
i need to start sleeping right.  theres nothing to do at 4 in the morning.
Feeling even crappier this morning. This virus is really kicking my ass.  I don't remember ever being so sick. ugh ;(
My dog hurt his paw last night and is limping this morning 
My coffee this morning has been long since consumed 
I'll never be a morning swimmer 
Has an early morning and a long day ahead.... especially with a sore throat 
@davidgorham ummm probably not.  Looking after the family. I'll be home briefly tomorrow morning.
@GiaBFreer I'm on my 2nd cup &amp; it still hasn't kicked in    I'm a slow morning mover!  Always have been always will be!
ahhh...I came in this morning to an empty inbox.  It's going to be a massively slow day here, I think.  
Off to bed now. I won't wanna wake up cause I have sport tomorrow morning  It'll probably be so foggy I won't be able to see my feet. D:
has not had a good morning. no electricity so i was up at 630 
Another rainy morning 
@Sacredinsanity i do agree with you...  have a couple more to see this morning and will then make up my mind!
off to sleep. twitter went quiet  see y'allin the morning.
oh rainy morning... 
so, people from around mattoon already know this, but there's a terrible thunderstorm. woke me up twice. no morning bike ride 
Needs some coffee this morning...too bad I don't have any in the house 
Having my morning coffee and bagel...a bit late, I might add 
I woke up early this morning to get my permit only to realize they're not opening til 10! 
@trixarya: good morning to u my friend! I need coffee! 
@Cadistra morning!  *hands tea and climbs back into bed* I wish I was napping right now 
I was playing with another dobe last night and my little lady heidi won't give me kisses or snuggles this morning 
Ucky doctor's appointment this morning... 
@sroxy not when i wanted it this morning, got up too late and offered to perform oral sex, but she turned me down cause she was late too 
morning! still cloudy today so once again no beach  boo! now getting ready to go out with mum and sis 
ugh. busy morning. every1's being douchebags. i'm going to buy cigarettes 
@jirwin *so* with you there. I way overslept this morning. Just now getting out of the house. 
I'm dragging this morning and I don't know why I have no energy. 
Aww man, I've school tomorrow. Not a morning type of person here  haha.
@surfnmusicexpo good morning gee! Is it still raining out there? 
@Cisklager i had another hangover this morning 
My sweet baby had her tongue clipped this morning  Here is to hoping for a not-so-screamy day.
bored out my ass  @DeLaLiLuV good morning
...I tried a liitle afternoon meditation to clear my thoughts and fell asleep. 
success last night, devastating news this morning  i want to rewind my life back to 1995 
says We had sunlight this morning.(dance) Now the fog is moving back  http://plurk.com/p/11zf4b
going shopping this morning with my home gurl dominica be back sometime this afternoon............boy do i miss my angel baby 
should really get back to revising now as she does have an a level in the morning 
woke up in the morning with a stomachache and I still got it... morning  I hate to whine but that's all i got
@mlm97 okay, have a good afternoon/evening! 
got some devastating news this morning. An agent in our office passed away , very unexpected. sad day.  
Already worked this morning, hit the gym, and now it's shower time! And then back to work 
@MRSTARCITY yo, I'm swamped and I have to shoot a wedding in the morning. I can't go out tonight 
woke up with a fever, called in sick to work this morning... And was told that I had to come in... I might not make it another hour. 
got to go and dry my hair, not looking forward to work in the morning 
stacked it up the stairs this morning, shoulder is even more sore now 
leaving east hampton in the morning 
It's half one in the morning and I'm drunk. Why can't I stop coding? I think there might be something seriously wrong with me 
Feelng so ill this morning... feel like ive been hit by a truck 
I had no breakfast this morning... I already regret that  (its 9 am now)
@AgentONeal i actually had a silverfish in my bathtub this morning. 
some last minute review, sleeping, then the wonderful global regents in the morning...yay 
baby's leaving tomorrow   getting some sleep so i can see him in the morning:p
irk. I wasted the entire morning just because my mom pissed me off 
@vigneash yeah! depressing new to wake up to right in the morning  
This morning I had an unhappy case of food poisoning. 
I had a unhappy case of food poisoning this morning. 
I have to be up at 6 o'clock in the morning (for jury duty) 
Late lunch of chicken katsu + early afternoon hill run = wicked heartburn 
I can't fall asleep. I will not be a happy camper in the morning. 
in better news i took a long nap this afternoon. the bad part is now i cant sleep 
I feel like fucking shit this morning 
Man... I didn't realize it was 11pm  I really need to go to bed. I'm going to need some major starbucks in the morning. A venti carmel ...
So tired. Even coffee is not working this morning 
urgh, what do I do on the morning I don't have to get up early? Get up early. 
at marissa's. maggie's going away party in the morning. 
wow i am so tired this morning its unbelievable... having ebay problems though 
I've not been impressed by o2 or carphone shithouse this morning... Where are all the geeks? 
finally finished packing at 4 this morning and now i leave in 30mins 
good morning - slept very bad  - later on meeting with my boss 
caught a fever this morning  #fb
Just sitting here at Travises, all alone, it's 4:30 in the morning and he's up stairs with his gf. I miss Kimberly. 
forgot to pick up .net this morning and I really want to read the tutorial on text replacement technique using cufon 
i got stung with a bee this morning.. my fingers still so sore! 
raining this morning, no running 
why don't they ever have anything good to watch on tv at 2 in the morning any more? 
i wish poking your belly button would make you fall asleep.i mean its two in the morning.not fun 
#ihate waking up early in the morning!!  its holidays!
acordei  good morning twitterzinho querido !
i would like to sleep now. goodnight everyone. mexico in the morning 
good morning guys! this morning will be so funny, i'm so excited! later i'll post the photos from school! it's not so cold today  see ya!
Eating mac and cheese at 4:45 in the morning....still up...can't sleep 
i have to work tom morning 
Woken up by take that's sound check 
whoever made the morning so early should be shot 
is 7:33 in the morning and the only thing I wish to do is sleep. 
@dorsy99 Swish! Pity about the overcast-ness in the afternoon, we didn't get to play.  But GRATS on finishing the semester! 
Going to work without my wife this morning   She is the greatest.
god this morning was every entional just then! seemed like they wanted him to cry! 
So much for having a grill evening in my garden today... 
I'm sooo not feeling good this morning  ..... &amp; I miss my breakfast smoothie
It is much too early in the morning for me to find a moth floating in my iced tea. 
Why is it the first thing i think about in the morning 
There's nothing to watch at 5 in the morning 
Its already a crappy day and its only seven in the morning 
@k_zulu awww, i'm sorry to hear that  i'm still just tryin to get used to wakin up in the morning...that's my struggle
mom promised agility this morning and it's pouring down rain 
@BriMaa morning sis... Where's breakfast 
@angelface0608 It's supposed to storm so I doubt we will walk this morning 
We are all up and having breakfast...raining again   We are supposed to see the sun this afternoon.  I could use a walk.
So far fenugreek not working. 2.5 oz this morning. I was hoping for a million. 
Just found out a good friend of mine got shot yesterday morning  *D*
lunch is over... the banging has recommenced!!  what should i do this afternoon?
stepped into too many puddles on the way to work this morning...still wet 
starting the morning with some tears  http://bit.ly/5NMvY
@liz0007 I shoo-ed it out. What a morning! And all I wanted was a nice, gourmet breakfast 
@itslikesovonni : damn! I was in an accident this morning, so I am going in late 
lost three of my fish to a blue heron this morning.  very sad 
good morning twitterville I woke up feeling so sick  ..... but no matter what i'm alive and god is oh so good!
My baby and I are not feeling well this morning 
@twelveeyes Oh no  I'm loading everything to the website now - I think I'll send it live in the morning though..
ugh why am I so tired? I slept all night and had a nap yesterday... and I still have zero energy 
i couldn't sleep well this morning  i woke up feeling fussy and uncomfortable, and couldn't fall back asleep even though i'm still tired.
I hate how kiddkraddick in the morning is prerecorded i come on twitter and have to read about what already happened on the show 
Sumone else tried to holla n honk at me as I was walkin babygirl into the school again this morning. Wow! N*ggas r trife! 
Power went out this morning knew that would be a bad sign of the doc apt 
who the fuck is hammering in the morning!? gaah. 
@PinkTrees: i should be fine in the morning, getting used to it by now, just can't afford to go the dentist to get it fixed  .. goodnight!
I'm so exhausted!! I went to sleep at 4 in the morning and woke up at  7......  and i can't go back to sleep
Hmn still no word from the dude that is supposed to be picking up the bike this morning  I guess &quot;early morning&quot; isn't early anymore.
well, last night didn't go nearly as well, so i gave in and had coffee this morning.  it's just too hard to function on such little sleep 
is it bad sign..to find a dead bird outside of the shop this morning! 
@WhatRedSaid he was supposed to call and come this morning - it is now noon and no word *chews nails* he better get here soon 
TGIF &lt;3 Except for the fact that this morning SUCKS so far!! AHHH 
@nealkido I totally waved as some guy I thought was you this morning at the beach. 
Yesterday was funnn! Sucks I have to work tomorrow &amp; sun morning 
should have taken my own advice this morning....I was unsuccessful at staying cool today. 
So much for the high winds from the approaching cold front hitting this morning - it looks like we could have snuck in a flight - doh! 
thinking of getting a fake owl to for the balcony. there is a young bird who wakes me up at 5am every morning and then squawks all night. 
Oh, and I haven't seen my dogs yet. They're still at daycare from yesterday. We were supposed to pick them up this morning! 
I got shampoo in my left eye this morning. Unfortunately it still hurts. 
spewing i've got a broken spoke on my roadie, my morning freed up but i can't ride 
I need coffee. But early this morning, my tummy won't bear it.. 
Wtf my hair is still wet from this morning 
So my flight was supposed to leave at 10:45 this morning. It has been delayed 5 times and isn't leaving until 7:30  AHHHHHHH
yeah bad morning 
Has to be up early in the morning  oops.
technology beat me tonight - editing continues in the morning 
having a great morning so far- woke up with a sore neck, burnt my breakfast, broke one of mums fav photo frames and cut my leg shaving 
@CharChar16 no not at all they invite u to their homes at 2 in the morning. no more wining and dining 
note to self : when going out, remember a sweater, don't matter how warm it is in the afternoon 
Biking tomorrow morning with a jacket...f_this sunburn 
feels kind of desperate,, I really dont like him   I'll probably feel better in the morning.
I'm leaving for wildwood at like 4 in the morning...I live like 2 fucking hours away! Why do I have to get up early...? 
bed....cpr class in the morning from 9 to 2 then work right after til close 
@popthemusicdrug good morning!!! I am so not a drunkard  i think im a extra mild alcoholic.. :p
where are my satruday morning cartoons 
In bed...trying to sleep...out to panera for breakfast in the morning...i miss my baby so much  &lt;s3
braving the morning without jess won't be fun  c u in less than 4 hours twitter. this should be interesting.
Going to sleep because I have softball at 9 oclock... I am NOT a morning person 
this hangover is about to be a bitch in the morning...work in the morning 
Working the washing machine at 7 in the morning. Not good, should still be in bed 
morning people! up and about..missed breakfast..again  ah well..on with this strange phenomenon they call studying..
step and attack this morning...losing the enthusiasm 
@Tyrese4ReaL thinking of how I hate the smell of food this time of night/morning :-| 
the son of my caf have a brutal dead today in the morning 
has to go to the doctors early in the morning and doesn't want to 
actually feel worse this morning  xxxx
Is it bad that I just took a huge bite out of. A chocalate cupcake at 5 in the morning ?  oops !
@jaderoberts91 this is the only time I want it to rain in the morning so it doesn't wake me up! No luck this morning though 
morning, weathers misserable as usual 
Feeling a little better this morning, touch wood. Though it always is worse at night, so we'll see. So fed up, gah 
Woken up with a cold!!! Anyone suggest a good remedy?? #ill 
soren woke up around 6:30 this morning. crap 
almost 7 miles in 1h 10min  still not enough. however, how good is to be sweaty in the morning.
I was woken up this morning by mom tapping my knee  
just dropped beks off at the airport...  sad morning.
wishes he didn't have practice every saturday morning to make a run for delicious pie in the morning... 
On my way to the doctor.  Not doing to well this morning.
Going to bed, finally at 5:50 in the morning. This habbit; needs to go soon, 
shaken awake this morning... 6 minutes before my alarm clock!  dumb earthquake.....
is up with baby kicking out and morning sickness kicking in 
morning....  It's early still and I am a bit tired 
my tummy is killing me first thing in the morning. that can't be good 
chills all night and fever of 102 this morning... my kidneys are aching sooooo bad  not good, not good what-so-ever
@kaenglund good morning iam up too at 7am every morning with no alarm wanted to sleep in a bit today 
Stepping outside to take in the morning...its hot and I am baking...major mood kill 
saying buy to the early morning sun 
...is doing a good job of procrastinating this morning.  I should be out delivering neighborhood newsletters but I really don't want to.  
@andiesmith You are a strong woman. I've not had my morning coffee yet and my head is pounding. 
@modelity hush you, its one of my fav. blink songs that goes along with this weather! you never texted me back this morning either 
Couldn't wake up and missed yoga this morning 
I am not a morning person, they make me mean 
I don't even get good morning calls anymore! Balllllllllz 
just woke up,grey goose morning breath 
good morning. woke up a bit nervous, can't sleep anymore 
Last lazy morning with jillian 
morning everyone.. 
i miss him already   but i love that i got sang to this morning . @rockandrewroll love you so much
good morning. wire transfer still not through 
@hwaiting yeah, it was pouring earlier this morning  be careful on the road!
morning everyone ... not in my best mood.... 
all my neighbors feel the urge to move in/out saturdays early in the morning 
good morning/almost afternoon. folks out fishing &amp; me and the sis are going grocery shopping.  there's no regular food in the house!  
@violentasian Yes, but I wish I'd known this morning, I could have slept longer 
A part of my brace broke  Now I'll need to make a new appointment with orthodontist, but I can't unfill friday afternoon. Is there in Bxl?
Man...I was in such a good mood but then I started remembering this dream I had this morning and now I'm sad trying not to cry. 
cooking. hating the fact that this morning was sunny and now its raining!! 
ok....the rain this morning was uncalled for 
it's 3 in the morning, n i can't sleep again. oh wad a bad habit 
one is obviously going to be very grumpy in the morning...great!!! 
Going bed soon, very early morning tomo!!!!! 
my knee met my stairs this morning  it DID NOT feel good
Hangover was great, i felt hungover with my broke finger this morning 
http://twitpic.com/7yb5u - came across this picture this morning, how i miss the production 
*sobs* feels like I've been writing all afternoon - only have a page and a half to show for it.  
Put the a/c in window &amp; it's barely blowing at all, at this rate may cool down by morning.  
Tavish just went to bed. He has to help shear two sheep in the morning so guess we won't be @ first service 
i hate waking up early, makes you heaps hungry throughout the morning 
@michisme It looks like my friends aren't going to be here til the afternoon so we might be there later now  I'll call u or call me.
night twitter family. i didn't get a call before i went to sleep, so i hope there's a message in the morning 
I'm doing laundry tonight (so I can match with all the guys in the morning) 0500 is going to come early... 
I HATE that I have to work in the morning!!! I guess it doesn't really matter, no invites to go out anyway 
its morning 8 and temperature is already 32 degree centigrade... 
jehakregf  such a shitty day. I need to figure out how I'm getting to work in the morning.
@katyand Couldn't get any calls to connect this morning either 
...my parents are leaving in the morning to head back to Chesapeake. I will miss them. 
All packed and ready to head out in the morning. So sad about missing my man @bryancbailey preach the walls down in the morning 
gettin pretty tired! i have to work at 6 45 in morning!  no good!
Hopes his sweetie feels better in the morning 
Ahhh, still not a morning person 
@dimickj true, but they just closed &amp; I'm leaving in the morning!!   so close, yet so far...
I woke up this morning clouded with my doubts, I wanted to hear you calling my name out 
tweet maybe in the morning my mom is picking me up early ugh... 
crying my eyes out at 2:43 in the morning after reading my sisters keeper 
what a wonderful sunny morning! no appetite for breakdast 
going to bed and by the looks of it, I highly doubt I will be going to the beach in the morning 
in my rush this afternoon I accidentally bought the wrong volume of the Aphorism manga 
morning , its too early to be up 
Woken v early by bf who was hunting for his book...guess I'm wide awake now  longest day of the year today tho!
Woken up in a horrible mood 
good morning!I hope that mine does not become ill cat  
good morning everybody. my mother makes trouble 
I do not seem to be able to sleep past 9  O'clock any longer! Not good when you fall asleep at 5 in the morning 
morning, up not too late...my throat is giving me so much pain right now 
it totally NOT good to be on the phone 'til 5 o'clock in the morning, @SlovesG i rly love you, but I'm feelin sooo ill now 
my kids have been playing up this morning  and its fathersday!!
@piginthepoke morning! No lie in ...baby in my bed most of the night &amp; awake at dawn. 
@jane__ babysit? who? we missed us this morning. you left and two minutes later i was on 
good morning y'all...thinkin that i have start to study 
gawd i woke up this morning and it was rainig, gutter 
Thinks @MrPeterAndre is amazing &amp; and was upset to see him upset over my morning read 
@nerearoldan miss u too. I miss the afternoon hugs with u 
good morning tweets... once again i'm up with the kids early.. im the only one who ever gets up with them 
 okay, goodnight/morning.
my phone was of all day yesterday and this morning and nobody text me. show how much I'm loved 
watched twilight, had 2 much wine, now hungover this morning 
woke up this morning wiv a big fat cheek 
Woken up now 
is tired and cranky this morning.  hmmm, nothing new there.........
my brother woke me up at 7 this morning 
@ like 5 oclock this morning i had a nose bleed!!!  bad times
i feel paranoid. do you know the feeling that you are happy in the morning then sad in the evening? or vice versa?  i feel that.
@ArsenalSarah afternoon! gone cloudy here as well 
Never drinking again. Throwing up all morning and feel like a brick has been dropped on my forehead. 
Man i was dragging this morning  gotta pick up the pace!
a little morning meeting with @NJPRGirl aka @MrsMoNJ , supposed to be outside at @skipperdipper this afternoon but the weather is rainy 
cramps woke me up this morning 
@bunnieblog you were my first thought this morning... I'm so sorry he's gone 
omg its 8:50 on the morning. I'm tired 
has a stomach ache and has to open the store this morning  yuck!! At least I'm only there till 4:30pm then the world is mine!
hoping to get an afternoon nap. last one for a while 
@Shrabasti no, i'm calling it a day as well as a night.. my legs r paaaaiiiiining.. the morning swimming test made things worse 
I wish I could've went to church this morning instead of going to work 
good morning....bad news...nip/tuck is cancelled 
why do i have bruises everywhere this morning 
@eatssparkles Oooh ok then! I'm going in the morning session, so I won't see you 
No private delivery service this morning 
good morning!!!  i still want to sleep. awwwww.
@MsGourmet  Think I'll have a hunt around this morning - ticketmaster site not being that helpful 
That crash is scary...just to think I was on the redline this morning   sending my prayers out to all.
@imandre not only are they separating, but they filed for divorce this morning. 
i wake up every morning sad. 
Man! My desk is a mess this morning. I can not find anything. 
last night till early this morning. can't really function or move...so mobile twitter helps. let's just say I was cold in a hot house 
The baby had a fever last night. Slightly better this morning, but still has a fever. 
fuck ! not again  my throaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat  it's hurting me even I warmed it this morning before singing 
@rainbow1820 morning buddy!  no news yet, i think 
woke up this morning w/ a killer headache and pretty much wasted my morning.  I hate the heat..I feel like it's squishing my head 
@moonstruckmania lol sounds cute. hopefully he won't chase himself early in the morning like our cats. 
missing @a_fio in the morning shift! 
My eyes are swollen this morning. 
@christiehorning I wish I would have seen that sooner I totally haircut cheated on you this morning 
Everyone be nice to @pckletchka.  He's having a rough afternoon. 
was too lazy this morning to workout  no my conscience is bothering me. U know what I have to do now right????
@morunning I'm embracing the heat for my morning run - this morning there was a thunder storm. 
bedtime.  Have to take iana to the airport in the morning 
morning the loss of his phone. 
My poor wife is still throwing up from her migraine this morning 
this morning seems not good for me..  my neobux  seems have a problem. huhuhu...
And the fact that I couldn't spell ridiculous this morning should further prove how out of it I actually am. 
i got yummy as pancakes this morning...wow they were good..wish i got more...only got 2 
dropped my make up bag this morning....broken bronzer not cool 
I feel so refreshed after my shower. I'm calling it a night. I don't like being grumpy in the morning I get called names 
@PeterBlackQUT I felt queasy all morning and have a funny tummy, but just been dealing with incompetence on every level 
I dont want togo to wrk in the morning 
good morning all, i had a veeeeery bad nightmare 
good morning lovely people! Didnt sleep well last night, up at 4am with the birds again 
Starbucks the night before an early morning workout don't mix well, ugh can't sleep 
This morning I am feeling....bleh!  I just want to go back to bed 
every morning I wake up way before I need to be up! it's starting to get on my nerves 
There's a distinct lack of premium filth on the train this morning... 
I cant sleep yet again. I hate having to work in the morning after no sleep 
I'm struggling to keep my eyes open this morning 
dammit my hayfever is playing up this morning 
early in the morning and my sisters are still not sleeping.  poor them!  
so when I went to shower this morning there was no hot water 
Is annoyed that the smoke alarm went off at 1.30 this morning 
@KirstyBurgoine unsuprisingly it doesn't taste good either :p but did not have enough time this morning to make nice coffee 
There was a dead mouse on the garden path this morning. Unless it beams up during the day I will have to dispose of it tonight somehow 
good morning, my son is still sick.... 
excitedly awaiting the arrival of the wii  But I've got to go back to hospital this afternoon so I might miss it! 
totally failed that english thing this morning. 
@TheoGB yeah i saw that this morning on here 
Jeans are a little too tight this morning 
Even triple-strength coffee isn't waking me up this morning  #fb
@iambize slept... woke up... about to go back to sleep lol... i have school in the morning 
@lkutner tomorrow morning about 6.30 am  sitting in scorching sun now hehe
Warm and humid this morning. I miss my convertable  I'll bake some cookies which should make it a little better.
@essexladykt exactly the same thing happened to me this morning! Gutttted  x
It's way too early in the morning to pick strawberries..... hmph... 
@Sternenfee hiya it's no longer morning for me 
my brothers grad this morning then work  i dont wannnaaa get uppps
is at the office... fell back asleep this morning...oops! 
@dynamiks Cause I have sooo many things to do before I leave in the morning  I always wait till last min
This is ridiculous. I've spent the entire morning doing things that are not anything to do with what I've to clean up before my holidays 
am sleepy... even though its mid afternoon lol- a little narked off as well 
@SaifSiddiqui I can in that I know that it is 'Out for delivery' and has been since 0615 this morning. Not that helpful sadly 
woke up this morning with a bad headache 
well good morning everyone. 
okay afternoon workout I need to go to work 
I lost my 5 dollar bill on my way to get my coffee this morning 
@freesavannah a great article sis, it's really explaining what happened this morning  at least they should take a lesson from it
is in pain from my tat.  it hurts today.    i am sssssuuuuuuuuppppppppeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr  grouchy this morning.
wake up serveral time in the morning - still have jet leg 
Having a crappy morning so far 
There's nothing on TV this early in the morning. 
BiggerPockets is back after a brief bit of downtime this morning.  Thanks to those of you who let us know, and for the wake up call 
@fauxrean haha, I usually don't have a hangover, but this morning I woke up w one.  Sucks.  
early :l and I put the same darn jeans on as yesterday. ughh. I don't like the morning.bespecially when you have nine hours of math ahead 
starting my morning with reading microsoft's outlook reply to the campaign looks like its futile 
Doesn't want to go to her dentist app this morning!! But that's what I get for missing it yesterday. 
http://twitpic.com/8dfur - my fingers were super swollen this morning! . . worse than normal. ouch. 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning..... I need a hug 
going to bed now!! have to get up early in the morning for once to go see the doctors about my operation!! could be good  could be bad 
meetings this morning and this afternoon...    tweet ya soon!
good morning. i am sad. my german friend leaves today 
I couldn't sleep this morning  soooo its already been a long day!
@Yeezo morning... d... I had an ear infection 
Only two hours of sleep  and I'm in math  not my morning today
goood morning.  don't feel good.  
The one morning I want coffee before I leave the office, is the morning there's no milk 
The buses are slow in the morning. 
is going to miss elie unimaginably  wish I coulda been there this morning, bud. I miss you and I love you, and goodbye. (L)
Just realized we missed our chiropractor appointment this morning.  Now to reschedule...
another rainy morning 
Up early for a change! (beats getting up in the afternoon) 
Up bright and breezy this morning and looking forward to a life sorting run at lunchtime 
@timjennion morning mr  hows things?
good morning @mariaandros i like that song too.. im praying now 
@dougiemcfly good morning dougie 
@dougiemcfly good morning dougie and tom. how are you today? 
@dougiemcfly @tommcfly good morning tom and dougie, how are you today? 
@stevenliemberg you should make a good morning train trip with tea and salty pretzels 
@dougiemcfly are yous having a good morning today dougie? :] it just became morning about twenty minutes ago here in america 
good morning...still at miris house, but today i will be alone again...so my best friend give me a call 
@perrins it's like a classroom on here this morning 
@JLSOfficial morning  ooo what u shoooting for ;)? have i told u that i love u marv? x
says good morning people  it is 10 am and i say hi! http://plurk.com/p/n0frc
Is a cracking sunny morning in belfast it 
@everyone morning 
have you noticed that &quot;goodnight&quot; is trending topic now .. my working day started few hours ago, waiting for good morning 
@dougiemcfly @tommcfly good morning guys, how are you all? You know, it's frustrating, I never get a reply  
good morning! buenos dias! - other busy morning on the office 
Is glad she got changed 3 times this morning xD its lovely &amp; sunny 
morning everyone. 
@dougiemcfly yey dougie.. how are you? good morning 
@Boddingtons good morning, how are you? so tell me about this ball... your highness... 
morning campers 
just finished watching awhole lot of robs fantasy factory...night and have a pleasant morning/day! 
day 2 of #chi09 - good morning! 
The coffee is good this morning! 
@MissDibbs good morning miss 
I think I'm starting to wake up, showers are good! good morning 
@MkRob once I have my coffee it will be a better than good morning 
Chilly out this morning but lots of rabbits for the doxies to chase in the yard. I hope they don't actually catch one. 
-yawns-  good morning tweeties 
@djdrizzle good morning dj drizzle. what it is my nizzle 
Yay for getting paid to run to the bank! Also, yay for red bull and a cute boy texting me this morning! 
morning people  
Is basking in a sunny morning outside her window and a cute new belt 
http://twitpic.com/2yen8 - good morning sunshine! 
good morning and a coffee 
@FlowersMontreal I do have someone in mind this morning 
@jamiewamey  Did you get coffee this morning? haha
just got out of the shower.. about to punch josh in the face for being stupid this morning. lol. 
I kind of wish I had company last night. I would of woke up this morning 2 a nice man wit a nice ass body. He he he 
@loserboy maybe a little pela this morning?? or m. ward....or both!? 
@waynesutton here is little something that will make you smile this morning!  http://tinyurl.com/dxul54  
It's a beautiful sunny california morning 
@mrxtothaz You are a really positive morning inspiration. 
treadmill this morning was rough but I did it....can't wait to go home and eat my leftover lasagna 
good morning! Is the fail whale ok now? 
Oh... and good morning all.   I need more coffee...
@tomsmale  and @TeddyShabba  thank you also for the morning addys   I always show love yto those who show it to me also Thanks again
goood morning 
english classes on sunday morning? i can get it  good morning people
WowZERS! its 11:20....where did my morning go!! i was knocked out....anywho..GOODMORNTING 
Going to the zoo  was going to go this morning but felt pissed.
babe i loved your call last night  i think i just missed you by a few minutes this morning mwa
twittering off---night everyone! :] good morning to some and have a great day! 
reading breaking dawn 
good morning all, sitting at the parking lot of the local McDonalds, using there 1hour of free wifi. 
The giant trench is done!! And in only one morning. 
happy saturday fellow crafters.  Just spent the morning buying new tires. Now, knitting.
spent the morning watching the marthathon...  
says i will finally give it up and hit the sack! see y'all in the morning!  http://plurk.com/p/oxizl
ah yea.. good morning all 
Watching TV and drinking coffee. So typical morning... 
nice morning to all 
enjoyed her early early morning run  and looks forwards to power-kite-flying later!!
good morning people.  
@gemmak500 morning  usually not that easy to miss lol
@acidicice morning! hope you're still safely in bed with warm toes 
@acidicice fantasy? i are confused now. oh. morning 
@WillYoungfans Waves and says good morning and nice to be following 
spending the morning on the terasse with smoothie, sunscreen and a good  book! 
morning tweeps! it's a gorgeous day out there... 
stayed up till stupid o'clock in the morning reading eclipse  i'm a nerd really..
morning twitter 
MS Walk this morning....walking for a cause 
enjoyed her jam on toast this morning 
had breakfast at tiffany's this morning with ash 
http://twitpic.com/3l9uz - @MussoMitchel- this is what i do at five o'clock in the morning 
Headed out for an early morning hike! 
@christonowens good morning woman!  you upload that song yet??
good morning twitter 
@youngzeakbho G-morning!! sm00tchez swty!! 
@Brookaayy seriously? it was 1 in the morning! I had a ketchup sandwich 
gooood morning   i hate not being able to sleep late...
@amous Just woke up about an hour ago...no coffee this morning, but my protein shake is yummy 
going to be a good service this morning... 
morning everybody. 
goood morning 
@liplash You think my liver doesn't know about morning cocktails? LOL&gt; I was young once. 
goood morning! 
having a cheese sandwich!  *good morning*
@LanceGross ah..u got the morning after syndrome i c 
hehe made pancakes this morning  i can't wait for isolated incident  counting down the days
@brypie good morning over there, hope all sweet 
good morning fellow twitterers... 
morning everyone 
@ddlovato good morning italy  ahah have a great day, demi!
Another glorious morning, now down to work . At leat It will be good for a shoot this evening 
@ameer_ haha I have no idea who you're talking about  but, it's still early in the morning so am not functioning fully yet...
morning- HOLIDAYS 
@severanc3 morning, yeah got the code, replying now 
drinking coffee, listening to music, making lists, must be another monday morning 
@SeanMalarkey What are you doing?  No jumping this morning? 
Which doesn't really bode well for my addiction to morning pastries 
Driving in the fog this morning, trying to follow someone on surveillance was a difficult time as the traffic was heavy....succeeded tho 
morning coffee and news.. then three meetings to day- all about politics  Elections coming up next saturday.
@ferdikoomen so did I, having a slow yet relaxing morning so far 
@hmichaelharvey such a nice sentiment first thing in the morning 
good morning  xxx
drinking coffee and watching morning cartoons, life is perfect  i miss nicholas &lt;3
@obsalah how are u &quot;this fine afternoon&quot; ! 
About to hit the road for my morning run 
@DonnaNBC4 morning! You got your iced tea this am?? 
has enjoyed his long lie this morning 
@jaright morning sunshine 
@TraceyHewins Same here, but a great morning anyway. 
says good morning everyone!  http://plurk.com/p/p5mmc
good morning guys 
good morning twitter critters. 
@musik_freak gooood morning 
is urgh Mondays haha thank god i start at 10 this morning 
Slowly waking. up...I'm so not a morning person 
@WIBNetworking sounds like a beautiful morning! 
good morning, disneyland resort! 
I had a great newscast this morning! 
Going to spend the morning with my boy  Yay.
@nutellaisevil it's ok to get a little wet in the morning 
http://twitpic.com/3njt1 - This made my morning 
Such a gorgeous morning! I think it is a dirt wearing-garden planting-hose-spraying kinda day. 
You're a brave man, @davehull. No more happy juice in the morning? I need my senses a little dulled, or I might realize where I am. 
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood morning everyone 
@mkrob good morning mr. hurricane 
@mizwoody Aww, thank you. That made me smile this morning.  
A positive attitude is the healthiest morning brew 
@_brubs good morning sweetie 
Treating patients, conscious ones this morning, under anesthesia in the afternoon 
@Ryankfm listened to you this morning on breakfast  makes my day!
@Cyberela I love the smell of fresh photoshop in the morning! :p 
Lovely sunny morning equals very pleasant dog walk 
good morning everyone! 
@glaciator2 Why lil lady you just made my morning!! 
good morning twitter! 
Goood music morning 
morning all  had next to no sleep last night, feeling rough today. But the sunshine is making me feel a bit better 
Finished pudding this morning... turns out I don't have to have a pudding B  
@juliansimpson you seem to be on top of the twaction at the moment - morning 
@calanan morning dearie 
good morning  yip the moment i'm off wrk the weather's not as nice lol
rite well off to uni now catch you all laters when I get a break - have a good morning 
I woke up at 8am this morning, my sleeping pattern is getting better! now waiting for the neighbours to wake up to start recording 
for those in the eastern states good morning and those in the western ..time for sleep; good night 
Drinking my morning coffee 
morning guys  had a very entertaining evening! haha! why am i still smiling?!
mic issues in the newsroom!!!!!!!!! ah! making us scramble this morning 
morning! so many things to do, need to write a list 
having morning coffee. checking out the weather channel. Today will be a good day. 
just feeding the dogs and having my morning coffee 
@dasflipz Did they screw it all up or what? You can tweet me in the morning your thoughts about it if you'd like 
morning everyone 
@jacqueline47 morning sweetcheeks!! You cool?' 
morning...!! ive just woke up grabbed a green tea now off for a jog!...on this fine sat morn  xx
I'm going to savour this drinking-lots-and-fine-in-the-morning phase. Apparently it's aaall downhill after this 
morning, really nice sunshine outside looking forward to going a long walk with the dog 
morning black squadron 
good morning world , good morning sunshine 
morning tea? 
Morning  on the bus to work, i seem to be in a taylor swift mood this morning.
she did mention it... ...ill call her in the morning 
good morning   @chaotic4live @bloemche whish you much fun and good luck ;-)
lol... good morning curt. shoudlnt u be sleeping instead of nudging? you have ur fighting tomorrow 
morning all twitters  miss me??
@mrmidasonline morning sweetie! What a beautiful day 
@FoxyUK new follower saying good morning 
just woken up .. tired, good morning WORLD !!  its lovley outside going shopping later with mum, love her 
morning  why do mums have to be so stubburn ahh
good morning! buenos dias! woke up quite early ~ a busy day! 
massive hike this morning so tired but its all beginning to pay off, now a 14 again and maintaining it, got rid of my bigger size jeans 
I got a huge escrow refund check yesterday, after breakfast this morning, me going shopping for some pretty new clothes. I can't wait! 
@arnteriksen morning, by the way 
wonderful morning. finally I feel fullfilled. fresh carrots anyone? 
@loves2love good morning lady! 
come on stoke     had good morning in the sun 
just finished a morning studying the bodhisattva precepts with the community. off to the supermarket soon to put it all into practice 
off for the morning jog! be back soon 
good morning...off to the bookstore  
I had a really good run this morning! I feel so much better 
@PoetressFloetic good. revived. got the balcony door open and enjoying the morning. 
is focused on cleaning and creating a fun and inviting atmosphere for our tanners this morning! 
morning sunshine!! 
My kitten just had babies! This morning around 8:30. Three! 
just woke up 30 minutes ago....good morning everyone 
Cooking cinnamon rolls to see if that won't get my husband out of bed this morning!  
morning / special k time  wooo
its 10 past 1 in the morning. goodnight. world. 
@nil17 good morning to you.  I did get your voice mail yesterday but I was in no service area.  We did go to wadena this weekend 
tweet tweet!!!=D good morning people. 
good morning  i feel like painting 
@megapixel I did that this morning  what are you making?
@FishFry Wow, you had quite a fancy breakfast this morning!  I just had oatmeal with blueberries.  
I gave all four of my dogs baths this morning 
had fitness testing this morning then hung out in mission bay with chardae all afternoon! 
@limejive doing great for 2:20 in the morning 
morning  shower, breakfeast n then 70's party later 
@davidarchie tweet tweet good morning david! 
good morning tweets. sunny sunday. breakfast on the balcony 
@JohnnyLaird morning johnny. have a great day 
@chuckdarw1n morning, you lovely musical man 
is off to eat too much food at a bar-b-q this afternoon 
goood morning 
good morning tweeters!!! 
Morning tweebs! going for my morning walk 
@acidsmile morning morning, cool new theme i see, nice one! 
On to noosa in the morning.. I've got a ticket to ri-i-ide.. And I don't care.. 
rugby this morning, 
@LeeGoesMwah ohlol! that's made my morning!  thank yooooooooooous!
night twitter, text you in the morning      
morning!!  sun and calm here!
brewing up some morning java, or going back to bed. hmmm 
@keza34 all great here. Just having my morning coffee 
sunday morning  turning the music on loud and my kitchen is my dancefloor!
good morning everyone!!.. fixin to get readyy.. bbl.. 
relaxing for the morning, then going on a ride-along til midnight 
@johnlegend : good morning, good morning love. That song always helps my day start with a smile! 
@blacktara  good morning ma'am! how r u doin this morning?
My brother has his graduation service this morning! I'm very proud of that kid 
already ordered some this morning  the kids and i are going on a pilly right now if you get this!!
Is enjoying the bright sunny morning doing homework &amp; later darkstar dub show 
@JGONeill  hey babes good morning 
@allikittn good morning mami 
good morning twitter 
afternoon everyone 
sun is out, sky is clear, the air is crisp...what a great morning for early morning. already placed 4 mags 
@Eyeslam haha  i love islamic humor.  how are you this morning?
goooood morning! 
@unmarketing I see you're already stirring the pot this morning? lol 
@memepunks really? leaving the casino in the morning is how half of our regulars do it.. you should have asked them for advice 
I love waking up to the sound of the ocean, what a gorgeous morning! 
@heidimontag my morning was beautiful too, until i have to look at your ugly face at twitter 
there's nothing like reading postsecret first thing in the morning 
good morning, everyone  (just)
see you in the morning 
suddenly, the morning looks brighter. just like yesterday; when you told me you love me with your morning kisses. i just miss you a lot 
@jpons I leave it running overnight 
morning my friends 
morning world... coffee and emails 
good morning fellow twitterererers 
holy smokes i haven't tweeted for a while! well.. in case i pull another 24 hour tweet-drought.. good morning, good evening &amp; goodnight. 
morning  suppose I'd better list some new stock today - if the sun shines this afternoon, a garland, otherwise a mirror..or a dandy bird..
morning! just got my coffee 
likes cheerios and scones in the morning 
@paddydonnelly you obviously havent seen my mrs first thing in a morning 
woke up, now having breakfast and online, as every morning (except holidays and weekends), haha. then bath and school! 
@kaOz I love the smell of procrastination in the morning... oder so. 
@charavel @Zyote morning guys! 
good morning guys!  experimental chemistry test this morning :s wish me luck!
morning.. just,  going to destroy a few more  trees in aid of research 
what a beautiful morning ; it's time to get up and enjoy the sun 
@stripedshirt errr ok, most people have their espressos in the morning, ice latte at noon and warm latte in the evening! 
Lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn't matter 
Just a couple thoughts....was bored this morning 
gooooood morning 
@fatbellybella morning erikah, how are u? Here start working about a song on my town, always a challenge 
Woken up finally after a long night out, tea, toast and TV coming up... 
morning twitterbugs...nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!  
@SoulSistaNindy what did someone do? and good morning 
good morning. have to get ready to go to the hospital and get a cat scan. best wishes to you. 
My computer is SO slooowww this morning.  I think it's a sign that I should go home and play in my yard.  
@jessejane looks to be a great morning already! 
@LaBellaBYTCH wassup with u this morning. 
and we have mega sunshine this morning!!! 
getting my morning coffee then heading to class 
@sroxy good morning...did you break 5 digits yet? 
@michellebranch morning michelle  how's the oatmeal ?
goooooddd morning tweets!!  week three OF my workout. did i mention i got my new glasses yesterday?!? 
@XDmexicanXD no, sir, they did not! i was amazed when i woke up this morning. 
@runanskyrun I'd rather do the early run..but I am a morning runner 
morning sunshine 
good morning everbody! 
I should get a metal for making it to work this morning... 
@kricket_rc234 good morning sushine! 
Looking forward for orange juice and fried eggs and cinnamon rolls tomorrow morning!! 
says morning plurk  just woke up. haha http://plurk.com/p/supwp
good morning everyone 
good morning to everyone 
what a beautiful morning! nice to be out 
My lovely husband made me breakfast in bed this morning. Who says chivalry is dead? 
I'm sure all you people with hangovers will be glad to know I'm hangover free  @fjkeogh hope you're not too fragile this morning!
@hilaryjp  I've already done my washing, I have a spring in my step this morning 
good mornig to everone... it's a great morning ...in the evening i play in the theatre in lord of the flies. it's so much fun! 
good morning twitterworld!  slept too less..
Just woke up to go to the bathroom, had the weirdest dream before I woke up...back to sleep night/morning ...wateva 
@lesley007 morning sweetie, you cool?  xxx
morning tweat tweat twitter 
morning everyone! 
@ezrabutler - they have their headaches the morning after, instead! 
@CimmiCSYMSOffic i think i'll pass the worm! haha, but good morning! 
good morning tweets 
morning(ish)  hows everyone?
managed to get to sleep last night  woke up late this morning tho, lots of chemi revision to do. i'm screwed.
Getting ready for my morning run...a lil late this morning though 
@AmineB morning buddy! 
@jawar How's it going this awesome morning? 
quiet morning so far; washer going, fans on; dogs snoozing 
hmm no crusties this morning 
Oh how I love the power and pleasure of coffee to bring me to life in the morning!               ((?Is this becoming a theme here?))
good morning twitter 
@amp451 good morning my friend!  thank you for thinking of me today 
@scottharrison Noticed that this morning  now I can get my mom's e-card. YAY!!!!
having a reeeeally interesting conversation... At 2.30 in the morning 
sitting here thinking about web design at 03:05am in the morning ... shockin lol night all 
well im off....getting ready for bed, its an early morning one of my lasts 
my breath is fresh except in the morning lmao...... 
Goodness its cold this morning. I love it 
good morning people.. i'm a bit early to office.. 
@CruciFire good morning to you and have a nice day dude 
is having egg and soldiers this morning 
It's zzzz time for me.  And good morning to all my east coasties 
morning tweeps 
@scientist_no_1 the only morning that are good are sunny when you don't have to work! 
@fartingpen more of good afternoon buddy 
@liftedresearch hurray, just got my stickers, 8 in the morning.. sweet awekening 
@jkreeftmeijer No point hoping for a greetBack every morning, the only one that doesn't fail is you 
morning  quick cuppa then on with the housework....
again im too tired to be up already (although it's already past 10 lol). morning everyone 
morning everyone 
Morning all, feeling super sleepy this morning but the sun is shining so it's not all bad!  
@megan_kruger sounds much happier this morning  She really wasn't well yesterday.
@joshtastic1 morning son.hows it going? 
@Catsuitgirl Sounds like a good morning to wear a catsuit! 
@MilaMusik : I'm going to download a copy this morning 
morning twits...LOL!  i slept in this morning...expecting my asos package v. soon!!!   
wiggled out of having blood taken this morning! Lovely 
Laying in bed rolling around. There sould be an hour of silence where people just roll all over their bed in the morning. 
good morning  dentist this morning boo then hopefully having anotherrelaxing day with the love &lt;3
love waking up to the sound of rain  coffee. breakfast. good morning.
i had an interview this arvo 
@VictorGischler morning dude. your second twitter day is about to begin 
@theplat morning - and loooooong day ahead for you, my friend. 
@h_2o hey! nice too see you this morning. i'm getting ready for the commute in a few and take care of that cold 
@Danyezee What u smoking on this morning hun? 
good morning rainy morning everyone! The sun is suppose to be out later though 
up at the front desk. i put a bit more effort into my appearance this morning. i feel good! 
I saw a hummingbird at my feeder this morning. 
is going to take a morning bath with watching TV 
I love it when I come here in the morning and I feel the love. 
@eminiwizard good morning young lad! 
@shhsrocks: I am already chick!! started following ya this morning!! 
good morning everyone! 
enjoying a nice coldd carmel frap from sbucks this morning 
good morning guys1 
I don't know but I am buzzing from the french roast I had this morning WOW  should of just had a shot of expresso!!!
@requin at red rocks right now. hit me up in the morning and i'll get it to u 
@cybormoron it's almost 12pm here sir.. woke up late this morning. 
good morning twitter! 
@tommcfly good morning tom! i hope you feel better 
@tommcfly well god morning tom! 
waiting at 7:45, ready to catch the train and go to london, for afternoon tea 
wat a day.went out in the morning. map out business in the afternoon.had great chicken terriyaki wit frens and finished it off wit yogurt 
is enjoying the morning with plenty of tea, lhotp and scriptreading 
@BindiLoves I was also up at the crack of sparrows this morning - my 7 year old is responsible for that - still, mornings *are* nice 
have a good nigh/morning all. safe travels to all those who are out tonight 
good morning! finishing to watch twilight! 
How dare it rain on my parade.......morning 
just got in the crib, goodnight/morning Tweets 
That first cup of jasmintea is so sweet in the morning life can be sweet in moments like this 
sunday morning I'm about to continue my third consecutive day of extreme refactoring in our new brand app 
woke up @ midday  #fb
@ahger yah. managed to download this morning too 
good morning tweets 
morning tea and twitter  
@dougiemcfly This is soooo cool I took these this morning  http://twitpic.com/5csns and http://twitpic.com/5cslz
Two episodes of gossipgirl in the morning 
@mimiandcolette I know, it's one of the best things  especially with dogs enjoying the morning dew
Off to get some lunch  had a lazy morning so definately need to do coursework this afternoon
..ready to sing today   ,,after I take an awesome morning shower! 
@youngsy79 morning sunshine! 
gooood morning twitterr! 
@TheHete hopefully chaz and spencer are there yachting with you  @runjulie and I will be there later this morning
good morning everyone 
great run this morning! so nice to have the sunshine back. 
Best way to start off a morning.. Milkshakes and gossip sites 
gosh, so tired.... woke up at eleven this morning. then watched old 'the nanny' episodes 
morning workout routine with the biff*star 
@MarcScott I had french toast this morning! 
Watching morning cartoons 
birthday too meee.  morning.
loves sundays  so sore this morning, but off to the gym anyways
@ChaunceyCC morning prince. check your dms please. 
@meldrum83 ok i need to make a blue for kellie as she had a wee boy called lewis  yesterday morning 
@itsnotred thank you  such a good night.really pleased for james&amp;euan.i do sleep sometimes.photos were done this morning before work.
Just call me IT support this morning.  It's amazing how 2 people can be so completely different and yet still get along 
challenging morning at @missiodeichurch - obedience is not something that we're naturally good at 
@koriannespeaks I finished 3 last night xD read one this morning and reviewing book 4 right now  book 5 is almost done~!!!
@JAHLIVS thanks for all the morning messages. Seriously. They do help!!  I'm jealous of your trip. I so want to go too!!
good morning everyone 
good afternoon guys 
Waking up to a rainy morning. Really cool that it's raining. It never rains actually. 
At copper star this morning enjoying my cup of joe 
@garymoneysmith  It was a good morning. Definitely a foundation to build on moving forward.
@krislynch haha.. I've already been back to bed once this morning myself - nothing wrong with that 
Waking up to people talking and it's getting later every morning  x
Both my rehearsal purse and my headphones broke this morning. But dont you fret....I fixed them 
@lancearmstrong loved your reply to grandslam4 this morning  ha ! stupid person that is....... not very classy is he?
i'm really an evening person... when the light only starts to get dim outside, i kind of glow up.... 
having an amazing morning. i love my life. 
http://twitpic.com/5dik7 - no makeup / good morning 
good morning twitter land 
ahhh i love waking up on a beautiful morning to the sound of birds chirping and stream flowing 
spent the afternoon with a cutie 
laying down in my bedd. listening to somee drakee :].hit me up w. somethingg niceee. classes in the morning =|. peacee jelly hoess. 
hi..good morning 
morning  have u seen my yellow converse ?!? Who took it !!!
coffee is the best thing in the morning!! 
@MMAjunkieGeorge overcast for the morning with some nice sunshine. 
Gearing up for the week ahead- better toss some efusjons in the fridge for the morning 
morning, morning  it looks sp windy, it's absolultley horrible,i'm so not ready for this exam but lets hurry up and get it over with ! x
the prodigy defo wakes you up in the morning!! 
morning everyone  how r u all?? x
@Fabthings aha, the morning tidy up, gets the blood running though 
@PKGulati It is good, I also had crab omelets just about each morning we were there, it was soooooo good 
@steph6655 good morning 
3a and I'm waiting for the shuttle to @bostonlogan - morning to everyone who's awake 
good morning everyone iam in a good mood this morning, dont know why, just am. 
morning twitter, woke up with sore neck... it will pass - happy days 
@cookiemonsta500 @darker_artic morning 
morning @daisy_thomas!  how are you?
@rebeccao372 good morning, nice and fresh this morning, ready to take on the world and rain, u? 
good morning 2everybody! 
@caldjr @JohnnyLaird coffee in the morning  not I good sign, I should have gone to bed earlier last night 
@woolgathered You're going on the lunchtime boat then 
Yawns (just like bagpuss) morning everyone 
morning all! ah the joys of not having to go to school  i &lt;3 study leave! last night was awesome, today should be good too! mood: pink!
good morning twits 
i enjoyed having a lay in until 9:30 this morning - bliss 
good morning, put on a smile for a great day!  
@gfalcone601 morning!  i've just made chocolate chip cakes  x
http://twitpic.com/5f2pw - the boss' kids were here this the morning  did not accomplish much haha
@Dojie sounds it  @AliBee16 goood morning 
@erin_l what r u doing up so early in the morning? 
good morning everyone 
morning tweeters 
@wizgleeson pretty damn good, I lost the morning today, your magnet arrived, it is on the fridge not telling us how hot it is in here! 
studying until the wee hours of the morning. that's okay, its my last week 
good morning. lie-in mania 
is watching the green granny on this morning. She took the green seriously 
good morning campers  www.digitalgroupmedia.com
@Singles1 good morning 
yeah, this such a nice and sunny morning! 
yawn. been busy clearing and tidying this morning. now time to revise for my graphics exam tomz 
@MauriceReeves mmmmmm... mah. now THAT I could inhale. and job a mile the next morning 
@multicolor_girl morning  do you talk?.... No updates, just a question
@shaneduffey thank you, thank you for the verse-totally what I needed this morning 
#musicmonday A mellow melody for your morning.  http://twiturm.com/09ch #freemp3
@Admance good morning mate 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - good morning 
The morning is going well due to sweet tarts and elliot smith. And because I already remembered to turn my lights off 
@samtaters how are you this fine morning 
@houseofcrazy hope you feel better in the morning 
It's off to work I go.    I didn't make the bed this morning but will wash the sheets when I get home.
good morning tweets 
man, only had 3 hrs of sleep this morning... but i wont be frowning today...  
just woke up... and feels great! good morning tweeties! 
@jeffmello morning mello !  you good ?
@kmcooley good morning darlin! 
wasn't too bad waking up and getting in this morning. 
Rather tired. But, the morning shows promise with the rising sun.  #fb
good morning! i think it's a taylor swift in the cubicle morning. 
@TheMomCrowd you are very welcome, thank you for reminding me about it  And a good morning to you too!!!
another wonderful  sleep  morning twitter!
Best morning I had in a while..  woke up to kisses..lol
good moring! ..back on the slave shiP! 
@ok43 better than that other local morning show! 
@freito morning mr.hotrod 
@ppaki696 (((((((HUGS)))))) good morning 
Ahhh, it is so nice and cool in the morning. 
The mid-afternoon conference slump has hit #wsis09, more than a few snoozers 
@necolebitchie Thanks for the morning treat! I can work now 
C'mon folks ThePluralThing.com would love 4 new members this morning 
good morning everyone 
gooood morning   I love sleeping in 
@kiacokely ohhhhh you got jokes early this morning!  lol, noooooooooo it doesn't, well a little! lol
@seblefebvre good morning^^ hope you sleeped well 
@vivspace I am so happy for the 5 kids going there this morning! I am just as excited to ride the rides and squeal 
woke to the sweet sound of nothing in Miseri this morning 
good morning everyone in twitterland 
@nsane8 Sounds more like you're the one who is slightly impaired this morning. 
good morning twits! 
1:30 AM...going to bed...must rest...lots of dogs to walk in the morning. g'night all 
morning everyone - v.tired, need to get the morning rum sorted, will catch up later 
goooooooooooooooooooooooood morning rise and shine everyone 
Is looking forward to some portobello Market action this afternoon... 
back in bussiness  good morning!
I ate my first selfplanted strawberry this morning 
@MagpieSparkles woah - is that your morning wake up drink? give me 4 espresso shots! 
good morning friends. cloudy sky in hungary  now is time to work
good morning 39 ...thank you girls @sarlitchin @annapickard @marjanholsreis 
@courtneykkk note for the morning: its not pee..its lemonade..and your pants are in the dryer  &lt;3 as always a good night )
morning tweets, at last the sun is out. 
morning twits 
Reading the morning news and having coffee 
morning @BeccaxVipx! nothing, just wake up *grin* and you? how are you? 
@SteveUyehara yah...this morning wasnt the same..but i know it'll get better 
good morning everyone 
@LauraTrib morning - hope its a good one for you and tiredness lifts soon 
@Gailporter morning..good for you.. good news on the smile front  
good morning  just woke up 
@ingridfuller well if you're going to make sense I just can talk to you at 3 in the morning.  can't sleep, too wired.
up early again this morning but the sun is shining so finding it hard to be in a bad mood! also of shopping soon, which always helps 
@smart0y good morning 
Brussels, croissant, orange juice, a night in the hammock and back to work. Or maybe a small morning skating session 
@Gailporter morning and yey! 
Off to a morning jogging session with my gf  definately need to get in shape.
morning everyone 
gnite twitter...the ice mocha i drank is not really working cya'lls in the morning 
@annalist - well, the postman brought it this morning and left it with  neighbour cos I wasn't in and the neighbour just dropped it off 
Another morning, another 6 mile run. Why not?! 
http://twitpic.com/5okvg - old physics where we use to cram every morning.. haha i quite miss it 
mornig morning. the sun is shining and I couldn't be more happy 
Morning Tweeters! Heading out for a quick morning jog. Stars were out last night. This mornings sunrise looks promising. 
I woke up this morning,The sunshine was shining ,I put on my happy face 
Morning tweeps hope you are all having a good morning with this lovely weather we have - sunny sunny 
has been exercised yesterday after noon : building muscle mass and static bike, and felt great after that 
had such inspiration this morning. yahoo. added another chapter.  not that any one knows what i'm talking about.
gooood morning all  how are you all?
morning, wow i slept like a baby 
Lunch and sun  after a morning of mapping
wicked morning  run away from the heat waves!!! )
i slept with my window wiiiiide open and the birds say good morning 
bashing out boring court reports, but thinking of the beach this afternoon... and @AFTPC gig tonight 
@MarketingMel It is a good mid-morning snack 
@vadjutka good morning judit, thank you so much 
There is a beautiful, low key morning storm. Today will be alright 
@salandpepper morning? at least you they know what the pain is, they can fix it then thats good news yes?   x
next 'debroid' release will come this afternoon  #android #debian #linux
Hey there and goood morning 
Passing exit for fairfax....good morning @davidrstokes 
@soulboykirk Did I say on top? I shouldn't type this early in the morning.  I meant at the beginning.
Yes indeeders.  Having coffee with @JessDennis this morning. I'll pass it along 
@linrose good morning. you're asking a cat if it's nap time? of course it is 
At least the cold has frozen all the frogs in the pond - this shall make for a very quiet morning!  
meg its absolutely amazing what going to bed smiling every night does for your mornings.  good morning!!!
morning coffee and checking out the news 
@duncanbrodie @AndrewPoletto @0lli @MaryWilhite @epcotx @itsQ  thx for #followfriday this morning  (well it's morning HERE!)
@sienna_is_alive  goood morning now.
@ReginaPearl morning! And me &amp; you don't do anything but tweet! 
gooood morning  http://plurk.com/p/vgy9f
@MMITCHELLDAVISS good morning sunshine! 
good morning friends!!!!!!!!!!!! 
good morning ... hope you all did sleep well 
good morning my twittie birds on my way to exercise 
goooooood morning  i am going to be late as always ! my hair is still wet haha
all you need is a little timbaland in the morning to wake a girl up! 
@voiceovergirl You are too kiind!    I really appreciate that gesture!  You've made my morning!  ;)
... hopefully this weekend is as relaxing and as beautiful as the sunrise this morning ... yep, I saw the sunrise ... 
@killrachel loveee idk if you can see this, but get a ride to my house afterschoool  i had to do errands with my sisterrrr this morning
@BornInIniquity morning punk! Not even a hello to me? Lol, have a good day!! 
@XGraceThruFaith delinquency  gd morning
@sammlessthan3  yay  good morning 
@carmsense I agree... I don't know what it is... I just think they are gross. and gooood morning. what's yummy for breakfast? 
getting ready for my morning meeting.  9:15 no calls it started @ 9 am interesting every1 confirm last night
@djmarquis getting that morning inspiration in huh? I ain't mad  have a good one
baby shower for sil last night and off to the pool this morning 
There is free fruit in the cafeteria this morning!  They are not going to wait until 11 
@2kutekreations good morning my love 
@d_tor good morning 
@PritePriteGood well, please have one anyway.  good morning.  
@jmcatee yes, you are right, actually now there are more here, maybe it was also the early morning 
@LovGloria I needed that quote this morning. 
#ff @LOCALDUDER good morning to you as well 
Feeling energized from the ride this morning 
@thamrap sent some yummy one to the list this morning 
good morning!!! tgif, its marie again shooting football promo pictures  hope u r having a wonderful day!!!
going to spend the morning making cupcakes 
@tdiddy50  good morning sweetie!
Going to the strawberry patch this am, then learning to make jam this afternoon! 
good morning twitters!  its nice out again!
@lozi_x loser, you tweeted this morning! You love it already 
@travvybear good morning sweetheart  how'd my little man sleep?
good afternoon guys 
good morning twitter 
has got a nice tan from today and is now excited to have a nice evening with friends 
@amyrhoda my teapot of green tea from this morning is still warm  Thanks for reminding me.
@aliholden he's good! wiggling all around this morning 
@robotsnhearts oh and fyi, what i was trying to say this morning is that lights was playing at tutti frutti. ice. 
@jehan_ara Oops! And i woke up late and missed the show @rabiagarib though i barely ever watch the morning shows 
baking croissants - the only reason why I'd be up at 6 in the morning 
morning friends n followers good luck for day ahead 
Volunteering at the animal shelter in town tomorrow morning. Yay! I love dogs 
@jonesy087 good morning sir 
morning everybody! 
@felicityfuller yes a good morning it is  and u seem bright and happy, lovely to see x
wwwwwakey wakey rise and shine, good morning 
@bilalhouri I feel exactly the same way  *good morning!*
@PupTrainingBook just started following me - don't have a kitten training sister company do you?! I need it this morning 
good morning twitter! i enjoy my good coffee 
@genehiga @annhamilton it was so fun shooting with you both this afternoon! thanks for sharing your wealth of knowledge 
@murielskaf good morning sunshine 
Woken up by a phonecall at the ungodly hour of 8.40am. I'm spoilt, I know. 
@warzabidul nah, I'm not going to work either and I was up this morning to walk my wife to the tram and get the newspaper 
bought bread so fresh this morning the bakery couldnt slice it for 	me... 
good morning my dears 
good morning to everyone! 
morning tweeters 
goood morning !!!!!  off to work only half an hour late   have a nice day everyone !!! xoxo
goood morning ! 
@Xtinlim come join us for tea later this afternoon!! 
woke up this morning with the sunshine on her face  tgif!!
aaaaaaah, morning chai 
good morning friends 
@BenjiZeo I shall feed him to max on my birthday  morning oatsey
@sierracanon chilnualna falls out of wawona. Something I've wanted to do early-season for a while now. Just remembered it this morning. 
morning everyone 
@jaysingh haha it was only a morning off - had to take advantage of it 
off  to work but it is going to be a very nice ride this morning 
says good morning from the M.east! pupog time 
more studying in the morning. good night world! 
goodmorning twitter  just woke up..weird weather this morning
A grey manx morning - perfect for sleeping all day 
@therealgbaby no not really...no one tells owls they can't be awake at 4 in the morning 
@TEAMTaiwo  there's about 9. How's tfl doing this morning?
morning everyone 
@pfspleen ive just stopped dashing round the flat like a maniac! @onion2k morning mate 
@SHAMfreakinWOW ..hey you  hows you this morning?
@fionamccarthy your welcome babe  did you see how early O was awake this morning!
morning tweeters 
@salandpepper morning!! its beautiful here too, just enjoying my first cuppa of the day  how are you?xx
ehem, good afternoon everyone 
Really liking _spell this morning 
@JasonBradbury hi this morning 
morning everyone  how's it going?
@guybatty morning morning morning! (said in my best sunny day smiley voice) 
morning lovely people. 
oh what a beautiful morning 
It feels great to wake up in the morning and have nothing to do 
