Most common words for this cluster:
[('morning', 341), ('night', 264), ('monday', 175), ('friday', 152), ('sunday', 133), ('saturday', 132), ('day', 96), ('afternoon', 63), ('tomorrow', 49), ('weekend', 46), ('week', 41), ('today', 40)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'morning', 0.7964668273925781), (u'monday', 0.7869359254837036), (u'friday', 0.7711169719696045), (u'thursday', 0.7508391737937927), (u'saturday', 0.7496583461761475), (u'sunday', 0.7413504719734192), (u'afternoon', 0.7341101765632629), (u'night', 0.7245155572891235), (u'tuesday', 0.7017897367477417), (u'evening', 0.6951241493225098)]





wednesday my b-day! don't know what 2 do!! 
wednesday my b-day n don't know what 2 do!  
I'm off too bed. I gotta wake up hella early tomorrow morning. 
@leelowe aww thanks hun! but am just picking this up now! I was in scotland until yesterday evening  how'd it go?
@rochellesheree I missed you...  is wednesday your day off? or is that thursday?
@McBesty monday is usually a working day? 
@pgh_1980 awe.... sorry to hear   What are you up to this weekend?  We need to catch up, I'll be home from friday to sunday!
is ready to go to bed.. last night in a bed until sunday night..  but I am ready for tomorrow's activities.. watch for updates!!! :p
is it saturday yet? friday for most , but one more day for me 
is all alone on a saturday morning 
@heyimash ugh i wish!  zach has a speech to do monday morning 
is so exhausted from mercer... not particularly excited about working tomorrow morning 
it's saturday night. i dyed my hair today and i feel good about the way i look. and what am i doing? i'm on the computer. 
sunday morning... 
Is studying... yes, on a sunday morning at college 
we won't be home until about 6 am monday morning if we have to go thru this tomorrow too... we might sell our tickets 
@charlottejvale morning bruce, hope all is well? i overlayed  ring me when you're up... love you xxx
recovering from saturday night out....... I wish I could go back to bed.... 
study notes on a sunday afternoon!! 
why am i awake at 8:30 in the morning on a sunday  (i know why, i don't want to be.)
@smeyen cu on tuesday #jax09, unfortunelately I cannot attend the monday evening speaker event  ekke
@bloggal til tuesday afternoon 
monday morning blues 
I hate monday mornings ... Its too difficult to wake up 
has that monday morning feeling 
its quite a lovely day, waiting on the bus  it always stinks and is faar to noisy for a monday morning :@
what a lovley morning...just a shame its a monday 
morose monday morning. 
@JessLovesButts at least you got sleep!!! i've been up since sunday morning 
ew monday morning 
working    monday morning,  but it feels like it will be a good day
@macmaxbh My router freaked out again   It was working till 1 or so last night, and when I woke up this morning it didn't work...
an aweful monday morning...rainy outside 
So bored. I have slept from 7.30 last night to 8.45 this morning. im so lazy!  
Sometimes when I don't get proper sleep @ nite, I sleep in the afternoon. But when I do sleep in the afternoon I cant sleep @ nite ! 
i don't feel good  so much to do between now and thursday. mom's coming wednesday morning (:
ugh on  a friday night. i totally forgot today was friday. i am so freaking lame. i want to be in atx 
Home alone and bored... what a wonderful friday night 
is going to bed at 11'oclock on a friday night! 
@rockydoom thus the friday night cleaning that is happening right now 
senior saturday in the morning 
exhausted, can't sleep, listening to radio, waiting for advil to kick in. what a depressing friday night 
working on a saturday afternoon 
I'm up at 8.30 on a saturday morning! What the..? I'm ill, it sucks 
my friday night ended early 
saturday should be a day of rest . i shouldnt have to work this afternoon 
@janelletrain Mehhh I'm not too keen, ew i just said keen, for that cus I woke up early this morning and I'm tiiiired 
@jen004 This my last night to stay up I start my job monday   
how i was hyper at 5 in the morning idk but not n e more 
what a saturday night  #awaresg
@scynn Indeed sir, got in town late last night, wedding today, and out sunday morning 
last journalism event foe is = saturday morning science and it's about bugs. yay my favorite 
being up early on a saturday morning sucks. i never get to sleep in 
Aghhh its a cold saturday morning 
its such a beautiful saturday afternoon but so boring (because i've got nothing to do) 
is home on a saturday night 
says good bright sunday morning everyone! although i had a bad dream last nite  http://plurk.com/p/rhk9h
is not out on a saturday night 
I shouldnt be up this early on a sunday morning 
last saturday night at lmu 
good morning on this sunday, it will be a rainy day 
good morning people. I'm always up early on sundays 
More revision on a beautiful  sunday morning 
up at 6:15 on a sunday morning and feeling miserable... my allergies are getting the best of me. 
is enjoying another day off... but unfortunately its already sunday 
Reinstalling windows on 2 laptops .. This will keep me busy for a few minutes  on a rainy sunday afternoon 
it's sunday.. last day of WE 
the only bad thing abt sunday evenings is it dawns as monday morning 
@amandaseyfried aww you have to work on this lovely sunday morning?  that sucks!
After a night of the most terrible sleep ever, I is back to work! Gaaaah, it feels more like a monday instead of sunday 
working on a sunday afternoon 
abraco will be closed tmrw morning 
@jashyard hahaha, of course lol, u better not ask wat happened last night lol  but it all comes to an end with monday 
@teddyrised atleast your monday is half over! i got a whole long one to worry about in the morning 
its monday again...time really flies....heading to gamla stan....cloudy outside 
Not ready to start a new week  I don't like monday morning.
Feeling sorry for myself - unwell since friday - maybe it was a bug from my science experement I inhaled last thursday morning 
monday morning 
waiting for good news week to begin. i feel like chocolate. trying to work out what is going to happen on friday 
Morning twittz....what a wonderful monday morning 
good morning every1! i wish it wasnt raining  i hope we all have a great day! xoxo &lt;3 ily ash tisdale!
had a great weekend and did not want it to end! hello monday 
We had such a beautiful day on saturday but now it is about to rain... I want the sun back 
not loving this rainy monday morning 
unfortunately, i did not get my wish last night. it's monday, and i am sooo not ready for today 
back to work on a rainy monday morning 
It's a monday, and i realized on the drive to school this morning that i got a stain on the new fedora 
got to work early  its monday. going to be a long day
monday mornings=   planning at 8
@j__mack awww I can't gym tomorrow  sorry. it's family day haha I'm willing to gym w you in the morning tho before you work. monday 8am?
Wanting this tomorrow and monday to pass fast!  then try to enjoy an interval of tues-thurs before the big scary day 
i want the weekend back  friday night was amazing, and yesterday was just (L), danny jones = love.
@madeleineannie is she joking haha. p.s. sleepover thurs till fri? or sat till sun? keep in mind i have to work friday morning 
is heading to the gym on a glorious sunday afternoon 
had a very good night but im definitely suffering this morning, feeling rather fragile 
AHH i have to get off  ill be back in the morning ahh everyones gunna be tweeting with out me  haha night xx
I hate long sunday afternoon bookings!!!!  Why can folk not just stick to fri and sat nights? 
morning aftr always suxkksss 
I hate monday  ...... Why cudnt the work week begin on a tuesday? Why????
monday comes just too damn soon...  i miss last weekend already.. 
is completely restless... sunday nights are good for nothing, except the impending doom of monday morning 
@lauraimus I have finals this week  But I like the idea of having one next tuesday or this friday!
is having the longest week ever. going so slow! &amp; to top it off i'm working on saturday as well 
is at home on a saturday night!  ..gotta brace myself up for a long day tomorrow partyin/celebratin' day and night!
my car is ruined  ... what a lovely saturday night ...
@heidimontag well my party is over and I'm suffering with a sore head this morning  lovely sunny morning in belfast, n.ireland 
Its sunday and i'm goin to work all day - not good 
Horrible sunday morning. Just when I was about to get ready for the car boot sale it started raining 
:/ I'm still awake  it's a saturday/sunday night/morning!!! lol, have a safe night everyone!
its 630 on a sunday morning. i'm up. and punt. 
sleepy, sunday lunch before we go away! leave for cyprus on wednesday morning, why is my schedule always jampacked? 
@sany what time? might not be able to  my flight is in the morning on 6 june
busy sunday evening 
cant believe back to work in the morning 
Is chilling out on a sunday evening before going back to work tomoz 
@michelle_j70 no its tuesday morning at 9.30  
iss tired from the whoole day D: and it's monday again tomorrow  what to doo ???
How did it get so late so soon its night before its afternoon..... its already monday last I checked it was friday night 
This monday morning sucks. I want to go back to bed with my lover and my puppy 
the summer seems to have started...humid night and a sticky morning. unfortunately,  NO air-conditioning at school &amp; a french test today 
monday morning  not even sunshine
is not impressed about having to get up on a monday morning 
@KurtTracy not so good. just found out an amazing friend died thursday morning. 
the bruises you couldn't feel whilst drunk at the weekend are ouchy on monday morning 
@rsmck car woes seem to be a feature of this monday morning - i woke up to a flat tyre 
the other day i heard hey monday playing in 77th street. made me sad 
@carajscherer morning batch! Mondays are so hard...  already thinking about the weekend!*this one* http://twitpic.com/5f6vx
monday already ? and starting off the week with a cold 
tiny..cold morning monday ~,~ / beans had roughly sleep.. 
tiny..cold morning monday ~,~ / beans had a roughly sleep.. 
Just one hour 2 go.... what a week Only saturday of 
morning twitters, happy monday 
good weekend... now back to the monday routine 
ugh...monday morning...back to class 
wishes wednesday didn't seem so far away!  ...... or better still wishes it was wednesday every day.... except saturday &amp; sunday!! lol
@samdelves ah no man its near the bus station! thats where I work, coincidentially on wednesday which is my next day 
what am i supposed to do on a rainy friday night?? 
good night all sad.... my lakers made me sad today 
hey worst news for this afternoon : I cannot join you to go to dufan. There will be some tryout on monday, so sorry then 
incomplete. at home on friday night 
where is he? hmmmm he didnt even reply to me this morning  oh well stayed up til 12 speaking to him last night
i always thought it was thursday todayy.. blahh its friday! which means in 2 days school starts again. 
@alexxyy cause i go every friday morning  i have to
last day of my week off (not counting monday) and i gotta do some tidying and cleaning  bah
Not feeling great this morn. 
morning everyone! what a beautiful friday and i have to work!! 
@anthonyjohnston of the day  as i`m working saturday and sunday  but off on monday shame people can`t put mental health on hold
ready for the weekend, what am I talking about, only off sunday 
@pierskarsenbarg exam on the thursday morning 
it doesnt feel like friday 2day like, roll on sunday, all day sesh haha work 10-6 on monday not gud lol 
need to stay back a bit late in the office on friday evening!! that's suck. 
@jojuber i don't understand  sorry i missed monday night, hope you girls had fun?
just joined twitter.. THANKS JAIMSTER!!! lol and has class tomorrow morning 
@helloXbonjour I would love to but I have to work on saturday and if I go I might get stuck there fri night. 
@ShantiSaha man i miss monday night!!! in a month we wont have a fun group like that for a yr  we gtta have one more party! lol
Why am I completing facebook quizzes at this time of the morning... especially a friday morning 
its friday!  well, technically anyway...but its really thursday for me.  dang having to work saturday mornings 
friday night is my fav night of the week but now I have to go to stupid dog training classes 
oh i hate friday evening. 
@Selly06 that is never good especially on a friday night 
so glad it is friday  two classes, then lazy afternoon. too bad it isnt nice and warm out today 
@hihihammy yeah. because i'll have to go tomorrow morning and get picked up early sunday, so i see no reason to go the whole weekend 
@KellyOlexa my monday starts on friday  but @ least I only work 4 days a week (long days)
super bored on a friday night 
homework on a friday night...lame 
damn...plans were canceled.....another friday night at home 
Off to school on a friday night 
home on a friday night 
good morning everyone, its saturday but i gotta work, 
at home on a friday night it sucks 
friday night. 9:50. contemplating sleep. NOT ASHAMED. it's been a hard week. 
is babysitting on a friday night 
saturday school in the morning 
not feeling too well.  my friday night is horrible.
ughh.. tomorrow is saturday and we have school. not cool. no weekend for me 
we have another driving session tomorrow morning at 8. but it's not with derek  it's w/ a lady.. we tried convincing him to take us.
Just interrupted sleeping for some strange reason  it's 5.10 am over here and I just woke up ... on a saturday morning  *grrr*
is packing on a friday night. 
Bout to get my gamble on, somthing about winning $ is soothing after an awful evening. 
@missbender yea the same thing happened last night tho. my fever broke &amp;was gone this morning, but it hit me suddenly mid-day 
at homee on a friday night!    @lolagewerc xq no saliste gordi?
Nothing in a friday night 
@nickgo - 'til sunday afternoon, and i'm busy tomorrow 
Its a perfect saturday morning. The sun is shinning, the birds are singing.... and I am catching up on admin 
Of all nights!  boo for friday.
i hate saturday morning tv, not like the old days 
hello saturday morning. hello about to go to work 
@squaim I was looking at the lineup on wednesday i think. It'd be bloody impossible to get a hotel now though 
twitterin' blues...on a friday night. 
It sucks that we have an oral presentation on monday, 'cause that means I have to study the whole weekend! 
feeling sentimental and missing 1 saturday morning  since when am i so old?!
doesn't like his house becoming  'kids depot' on a friday night  
good morning saturday, you're being boring, i need something to do ! 
its a saturday morning &amp; baby hannys not here 
so mayb working sat afternoon is not so bad i got to sleep late n wake up late. i just dont want to spend my saturday afternoon at work 
just can't wait for monday, why do I have to work all day 
@willgoodwin i got really sick thursday night (like hospital sick) and won't be there this weekend 
@fontenot619 shaq, i got the fastest one is thursday BUT they're not sure cause the time difference it gotta be friday morning 
going to da sprint store to see if they can fix my phone  drunken nights are not always fun da nxt morning
on my own till i pick up the roomie on wednesday night 
something mellow for my saturday night - i gots ta work in the morning...  ? http://blip.fm/~7c9ax
right busy week sort of  i leave school on thursday . but there on friday i think
sunday mornings generally seem to consist of essay writing these days 
It's 2:30 in tha morning omg what an evenful night not in a good way either 
@FrasSpaz yay! weekends rock! too bad I have to work  only on my wednesday.. /sigh
doesn't want it to rain on saturday next week... 
would love to wake up 2morrow at monday morning 
gettin to bed soon..up pretty early tomorrow morning! 
i feel sick on saturday night 
tomorrow is monday  1st june. new day new month.
I better not work monday, so far behind on sleep, probably get sick if I don't get to sleep monday morning, seriously could get pick! 
weekend is already over  speanding sunday night sipping smirnoff ice!
sitting down to the week's overspill of beeb work on a beautiful sunny afternoon. bah humbug 
By far the weakest saturday night ever 
what is there to do on a sunday afternoon 
school tomorrow  but tuesday day off! and next monday to! all thanks to the queen!
working all day...then to gloucester tonight. i wish it was next saturday 
funn last night ;) sunday 
On a metro north train heading to westchester for @jennacolman 's dance show. It's been an early sunday morning for me 
Also niq is gunna spend all afternoon noon dumping his brains out because of last night!!! 
PE first thing on a monday morning.  that is just evil..
@drts but of course you exist! sorry we missed you on thursday night 
monday morning blues 
monday mornings 
@aliiiyeah Dammit! my flight is at 3pm  will it be on youtube tomorrow morning??
intensity of monday morning feeling directly proportional to fun of weekend 
hate that its sunday night...that means waking up early tomorrow 
working on a late sunday night.... 
hungry and monday morning meetings does not go together 
A lovely afternoon with @el_stepho and @bellahm visiting Mamachen and rugged coastlines. Now having the lovely arvo come down.  
my eye hurts this morning. It's monday and I'm behind already  @mspillman 2 for the whine box right there
again a monday... the worst day fr all office goers 
morning all, loving the sunshine on this monday morning.. but not work 
@kenny5311 you and me both  except i'll be awake all night and morning! incoming: nervous breakdown.
morning peeps x not happy at all today - my dog is not well and has to go for xrays wednesday 
laid @ pool all day monday came too fast! 
10 oclock meeting 4 1/2 hours away = one long monday 
good monday morning to everyone!  I didn't wanto to get up this morning 
not happy it is monday morning 
monday morning=back to work...megan's last week=i'm sad 
first official day with my @tylerhwilliams all gone! it'll be a sad monday indeed  k
surprisingly awake for only 4 hours of sleep....rain and a monday morning what a yucky combo 
@frjamieson fiona let me stay off as i was sick last night and this morning D! she thinks it too much sun  &lt;3
ugh this monday sucks already...short staffed this whoooole week 
monday morning blues 
good morning. couldn't really sleep good last night rest in peace matthew davis  we miss you ! i love you jamal R. thompson.
is annoyed that gmail chat seems to have died for the evening. 
had a killer weekend enjoying the beach with fam... too bad its dull monday today 
no food, for the whole of this week until thursday night, good one. 
 is now home alone till i myself leave for the airport friday morning
@KhloeKardashian welcome to summer in south florida haha its sunny in the morning and rainy after 1pm suckksss 
@kempette i forgot about okcity - it sounds like so much fun! i have a work party in boston on thurs night so i can't make frg 
wishing I didn't have a job that requires me to work on a monday evening 
really, really, really upset that my dvr didn't record dateline's @taylorswift13 special last night... today did not start out good... 
@brittanitaylor yesterday at your live chat i almost got to talk to you but i got disconnected  maybe next sunday i cant wait
just got home from tanning. waiting around for the new jon and kate plus 8 to come on at 9:00 tonight. back to work in the morning 
@alitzalilly my last day is saturday 
we always hurt the the ones we never loved. early night. bio&amp;french in the morning. 
no basketball till thursday. sat studying now 
concerned about weather for wednesday at pinnacle... I won't be there until noon30 
home for the night. texting steve &amp; going to bed. obgyn in the morning 
so tired...why can't I sleep at night?! It's so frustrating.. haven't slept more then 10 hours since friday morning 
bored   sleeping all day 2marro going to ymca wen thurs fri leaveing friday at midnight to florida
doing gentle physio today - as couldn't get out of bed meself easily this morning  doh on the plus side I get to denijohn the wine 2nite!
just ate a big breakfast...now im ready to lay back down...too bad its only tuesday 
@JoshFittell i only have 96  but thats 20 more than i had this morning
when my grandma said she was leaving on tuesday i didnt think she meant at 6:30 in the morning 
@material_elle unfortunately not my dear  in work early thursday morning, so it'll be an early night for me
waited as long as i could. off to uni in morn, bed = now 
Finding it hard to concentrate this afternoon  #fb
@sassydamn doesn't sound like ur evening went any better 
@AlysheeaPM naww, thats what i was like on sunday night/monday morning. its horrible, i know what your going through  haha
is revising for her french gcse this afternoon  x
@DoraJarr start monday finish thursday, 4 in 4 days 
Oh sorry...i'm doing race for life on sunday afternoon with my 11yr old. We've found it hard jogging in the glorious sunshine   x
is very very windswept...dats how the morning has been 
Its wednesday. why does it feel like friday?  and why is there only two busy weekends left for homework?????????? 
gah 3 hours sleep is not good .. i actually fell asleep @ 7:30 this morning and now theres alot of banging next door 
@shoelover79 this saturday night.... NOoooooooo!! 
eating breakfast and getting ready for last wednesday of joffrey! 
Leaving tonight at 7:30 pm, arriving in buffalo friday morning... our trip is over 
wants it to be friday night ! 
good moring!! So i woke up feeling better than last night!!! But 'm still fighting this sickness!!!! 
where has my morning gone? yes...its wednesday and no there is no lost tonight 
im worried about myself tweeting less and less each day  not much goin on this unpredictable friday night
@laurenmae4 cleaning for a sunday open house.  what are you doing this evening or this weekend?!
@xolorimxo you're so lucky! *night at m.2!* ...i'm stuck in my house until next friday. i can't leave...i'm pretty much glued to my notes 
Working late tonight.  Not looking forward to it on a friday night.  
friday evening and i am tweeting 
hectic day at work. i wish this friday was like last friday! 
Really happy that there is only 1 exam left, although a little disapointed that i'm this bored on a friday night.. 
@twistednurse76 pretty much the same as you sweetie  i always feel drained on a friday night... typical xx
been sick again. not going out now  ruined a perfectly good friday night.
At home on a friday night....revising 
bye arizona i will return later this evening 
I'm being dragged to the gym on a freakin friday evening 
had to scrap her friday night plans 
is at work on a friday night 
does not like having to spend her friday night learning about guns 
@tristanwilds are you missing me? i'm missing my tuesday nights of 90210 
Its friday night!!  Too bad I can't party   gotta work tomorrow!
its a friday night and i am not feeling well.  
is bored and broke on a friday night, how lame. 
trying to understand why i'm here a friday in the night! 
Its friday night what's going on? I'm bored 
listening to the friday night boys new album!! yes! dad's tomorrow 
does not feel like friday night 
@doyodance what link is that? I wont have internet until sunday night 
i want to be happy its friday, but I'm on-call. i'll be working randomly all weekend. 
I'm home on a friday night.  
@pbennett66 work is pretty much dead now. had no night shift yesterday or today. q&amp;a were told to come back on tuesday instead of monday 
No call tonight  hopefully in the morning. i cant wait till monday
is pissed she had to cut her night short cuz she has to work in the morning!! 
Nothing to do on a friday night 
About to dye my hair.. what a friday night! haha Sucks i can't go out cuz i got school tmr morning 
@tish_tish btw my day started thursday night at 12:00 I normally don't get off till 1130 - 1pm on the average  so early friday was a bonus
7am saturday morning and I'm off to the gym !!!  Its peeing it down outside 
do NOT want to go to work on a saturday afternoon 
saturday morning headaces 
going out for a short cyling session.. bloody peeing down here in newcastle this morning 
Bad friday evening....bad saturday morning with a bad headache 
So bored friday on this night! 
gym on a saturday morning isn't big or clever 
is very very very tired [n] i have no reason to get up at this ridiculous time of 11 o'clock of my last saturday music centre morning off 
I hate my alarm clock, it does this thing where it wakes me up really early on a saturday morning to go to work 
Its to early for me to be up on a saturday morning! 
@smileyklutz i wish i could have come  ill make up for it on sunday night habooobbbbb (6)
is home alone on a saturday night 
working late night on a saturday sucks 
Is awestruck  by the horizon to the east this morning. i guess 5 am isnt too bad...  #fb
spending my saturday afternoon organizing my inbox... how did it come to this? 
this is the first sunny saturday in a while and I'm working 
charley and his horse visited me in my sleep last nite and my calf still hurts today...so not cool when I have a wedding this afternoon.  
GMT!! This morning did not turn out 2 good for me.  dont really wanna talk about it but what happend made me much stronger!
ashamed to say that im going to bed before 10pm on a saturday night. naw 
And it rains and rains. What a saturday evening 
another saturday, working ALL day again... i've come to loathe saturdays 
omg!! thank you to everyone who put me in they follows I forgot yesterday was friday  I even forgot my berfday tomorrow but I will do
another day.another dollar...but on a saturday 
already home on saturday night 
I don't like saturday mornings 
is staying in on a saturday night   gutted lol
is home alone on a saturday night 
wait over now got to wait for 8pm sunday night!! went too quickly 
@MouseGoesSqueak sad, but i didn't have a wild friday night 
i'm sure i still feel hungover from thursday night 
Is writing reports on a saturday night... how sad! 
Its saturday its nice outside and I can't go no where cause I have to work in the morning this was a short weekend 
in c-ville studying for the rest of the night... 2 quizzes and a test on monday ugh 
I'm sick...  But I did sleep in to 11:30 this morning bc of it.
Why couldnt all of today be like lastnight n this morning? 
had a good bbq today, now in for a boring saturday night 
@evieruin on a saturday night?  lame.
@KeliDee83 I'm not coming til late in the evening but I might stay overnight, I'll txt u 
so, taking the train into the city on a saturday afternoon, just to hang out for the day: never again. not worth it. 
ok up and out to work and back home and now I'm going to sleep. that's pretty much my day !   hehe tomorrow will be the samt !  night
@teamDdemiLovato nah its 12:20 in the afternoon i could never fall asleep now 
I'm having sunday morning class. The room is cold and I'm starving 
is at work on a saturday night. 
hating my saturday night and myself 
@sacca working on saturday night 
sunday ....is cleaning day 
babysitting on a saturday night 
@yumnayousry: just got over saturday night silliness...going throughsunday morning withdrawal syndrome 
ive got to go to karate on a sunday morning noooo!!!!!! sunday is meant to be the day of rest 
http://twitpic.com/6tciy - i miss mowing down every tuesday night with this bitch 
sunday...gloomy morning 
ugh you wake up at 4 am ok its sunday morning church is not for 4 more hours . now what you cant sleep so . . . you twitt 
faaark most boring sunday night of a public holiday ever 
working today but i really wanna be at the middle east this afternoon to see uata and tge. 
@jmmunoz the french open is ruining my normal sunday morning routine 
Playing some guitar cuz starting tomorrow, I can only spend time w/ it early in the morning, late afternoon, and night. 
monday's coming the day i hate 
did not sleep well last night and does not feel well today  #fb
miss having sunday morning comics 
i've been unable to sleep for very long these past few days &amp; i don't know why. it's 8 on a sunday morning  &amp; i'm up! 
clouds on my pedestrian sunday  1st day of what will be a very intense week!
At the office on a sunday afternoon... Sucks 
i didn't get to play wow last night.  maybe today? idk
good night. i must get up early..! i hate monday 
Hot weather and a slight fever on a sunday afternoon in houston make me feel awesome. 
hey tweets, last day before monday 
is missing her first-sunday-of-the-month evening plans 
sunday evening now! the weekend is over  ... so fast!  school again tomorrow 
I'm getting monday morning blues on sunday night 
I am never ready for a monday morning.  @deannoothai
sunday = studying all day 
sunday evening 
wonderful weekend is over like all good things in the world  i am in my sunday night mood right now, but i guess my monday mood is worse.
@jesscarreiro i love you too and i know almost, i'll be okay by wednesday afternoon  but just right now i'm ready to breakdown.
1.15 hrs until my weekend is over...  and it's monday all over again...
@corymorton haha i have a friend coming into town this coming weekend, then i leave the next saturday morning! 
work at 7 monday to friday  not a gOod week!! i need my sleeep..!!
is in bed as usual on a sunday night, cant drop off to sleep, college tomorrow 
definitely i hate sunday night. it just means in a few hours have classes and i have to study 
hangover sunday=not a very productive day 
so tired. slept for less than 2 hrs last night &amp; only napped for about 45 min today 
had an awesome weekend...hello monday morning 
@CeuroK haha my night's going great too bad I've got work in the morning..  gotta massive headache tho.. too much excitement on this side
@troykids Just got called into an 8am mtg tomorrow &amp; my drive is 2hrs. Just ruined my night. 
I hate monday mornings 
monday morning 
@sushmeet totally buddy.. that match made monday morning blues worse  #t20
morning! wow monday again 
not another monday....  barely noticed the weekend 
I hate monday morning... 
monday morning 
monday morning blue's 
has only just surfaced from the ravages of monday morning meetings. 
monday morning: didn't make the list 
The day sucks... got the monday morning blues which have extended to the afternoon 
monday morning blues 
@festivalannual will doo! although i lost my disposable and my phone ran out of battery saturday morning 
how did it get to be monday already!? the weekends go by way to fast 
There is nothing less ridiculous than monday morning! 
woke up a few hours ago wif a sore throat, not exactly da gr8st starts to a monday morning. 
@adapaavi just that im leaving for delhi on wednesday morning so no break for me  @divvi @thenewbnb @aravindkumar @nadhiyamali @just_reva
another monday morning...my favorite 
I'm so not ready to start the week. I have soooo much to do  I want it to be saturday again.
mondays aren't that bad....compared to the sunday night anticipation that the weekend has come to a close and work returns tomorrow 
excited to c the girls on thursday, not lookin forward to goin back to work tonight tho afer a week off  
@maeghanmurphy wish saturday night could have lasted all summer! miss you already love 
i woke up with the same headache all day yesterday  and one of my ferrets died last night and he was my favorite one  this monday sucks.
Its just monday and i am already ready for it to be over....it was a long morning!   
@minkus anberlin and taking back sunday. i wish i could do it but i've got plans already for that night 
@yourfriendlaura aghh, we'll miss each other by a day! i'm leaving mpls on saturday morning 
bah back to hospital on thursday  and court on wednesday ( bad week
no kyle and jackieo this morning 
@NinaDutchess im drinking early, interview tomorrow morning at 11 
tony just left  had a great day. it always is with him. going up there either friday or monday.   have that fuzzy feeling, i'm gay lol.
@krazyyleggs my flight doesn't get get in until night  BUT i don't work thursday until 5! so i think we should hang out before!
goin to bed now...........have skul in de morning 
Couldn't sleep last night, couldn't drag myself outta bed this morning, really need to tidy up before I leave but don't wanna move 
i don't want to work monday - thursday, for weeks. &gt;.&lt; i want my lvatt cd NOW, but i have to wait until morning 
ok went to sleep last night at 4:00 and had too get up at 8:00 this morning and I am absolutely nackered 
ugh i have a cold  today was fun tho! hung out with @lovemocannon till 3:30 in the morning! lol wat a night!
had to un-jailbreak my ipod  it died last night and magically came back to life this morning
It can haz be wednesday afternoon plz? 
ugh idk why but accifentally woke up soooo early this morning 
today really feels like a thursday or a friday 
@olivia_clark i can't do tuesday or wednesday next week  i can do any other day, when are you free? xx
@stephjonesmusic I swear I never remember to come until like 1pm every saturday. lol - my brain is mush on saturday mornings... LOL 
Opening night is thursday and i know who isn't going to be there 
@clarknyss haha, same here...i have a boat party to go to on friday night...saturday morning will be rough  hungover+tired=bad combo
@Kelly_Jelly im working saturday night and sunday too.  gay @ work!! what kinda meeting?
@jspatton that would be the one, though it was fs2 this afternoon 
good morning  wow i've never tweeted in the morning before... today im going to skool a bit late ;p im still sick  
@MeganCamp @cheapcigars omg i can't go because i have to pack tomorrow night omg 
can't wait til' next friday!! it's going to be so much fuuunn &amp; a sad day 
lyndons sleep, no night of till friday  we can go then though
has bloody beetroots at family next thursday night... then a root canal on friday morning 
I will not be off work at night until next saturday 
morning all! june isnt meant to have rain 
has bloody beetroots at family next thursday night... followed by a root canal on friday morning 
right foot hurts since tuesday morning 
two monday week 
awake at 12:49am tuesday night.  
morning twitter peeeps, i finally got to sleep last night, feeling a little ill today, thats no gooooooood !! 
@headphoneparty apparently it's not going to be until this evening for us in the uk 
@miamendez awww man.  well I think I may go out bowling sunday night.   I'll hit u up about that.
@craigyboy15 good afternoon !? How's ur day so far ? I can't sleep  and its 3:40 am in melbourne !
I never tweet n e more.  whatz got into me?? bout to make this drive to dallas tonite... maybe in the morning actually.
@guyoseary wish i could have gone that night  but going the sunday instead!!! CANNOT WAIT 
Having a non impressive wednesday evening.. 
@babygirlparis good night paris! love you so much! i really hope one day i will be such beautiful as you  xoxo viktoria (vienna)
I love mid-week drinking... I'm just a bit upset that I won't be able to do it to such so much when I start working monday 2 friday 
@ColleenLindsay no. i was on monday and tues. morning, came home tuesday afternoon. short trip. not enough time 
Last wednesday night of my yoga professional program. So sad 
@amyralph1 and he has my car today so i feel naked!  you coming soda on saturday? what doing friday night?
@Dezocrasy i think BIGREDDOG74 forgot we exist.  maybe he will remember us friday night.
manged to book the friday night, struggled for the sat  will try agan tomorrow...back to sleep
Driving to poleg and back this morning too  #fb
tried to renew license online, failed.  I'll try to do so next weekend or on monday in person
good nite ... i need to wake up early for school!! today my alarm wasnt workin n i slept til noon 
I feel sick  this  morning, ,ay have eaten wrong 
going to bed. tomorrow is abby day, she's leaving for orlando friday 
@JonasAustralia I have to wait till next week.. I get paid on monday. 
@SavvyOutenMusic hii! yess...still in school  my summer start the wednesday.. but monday is holiday(tomorrow and tuesday)2 days haha xoxo
@KimJarrett yes mam.. i try to at least once a week because if i go out sat night church usually doesn't see me on sunday 
@oxLauraJanexo i have to get my stupid arts award done before london this weekend  probably going to be another 3am night...
says had a great day being souted at by all the teachers    camping on saturday
long day....wishing it was friday.......   
isn't looking forward to waking up at 7 tomorow morning 
bbq tomorrow night, very excited! then back to newcastle saturday to collect the rest of my belongings  sad!
@LesbianCafe haha, yes but then technically my monday monring is your sunday night 
is so glad shes free from exams  .... but is sad shes stuck in on yet another thursday night 
same morning  finally friday though! i miss reading my flist!
ahhh im feeling last nights netball training this morning ... pretty sore 
Why do the bombshells always have to drop on thursday nights? 
@aravindkumar morning to u ! i am not looking 4wd to the weekend so much becuz im working tomo 
@GeraldBarroga monday ahahahahha is the day I got hired 
leaving wexford 2day .....mayo on monday  
Its not even 8pm on a friday night &amp; I'm considering going to bed. I hate being sick 
@tricky1987 nah, non stop working.. gota hand my work in on monday morning.. then we get 2 new projects on monday afternoon 
i'm sooo over study- last final 2moz morning....so will be up all night &amp; probably only get like 4 hrs sleep 
why am i working on a friday night 
It's impossible to get on a train in town on a friday evening 
@KunalSheth @ajaylulia i m in mumbai only on tuesday, returning same night.. so not possible 
@johncmayer and a music theatre you played at in athens burned down this morning  
@iamkiara__ she ruined my friday night as well 
feeling worse than i did on monday morning... who gets a cold in the summer? me apparently... 
I might go to foxwoods tonight and boston tomorrow  but sake bombing next week or saturday if i dont end up going
 feeling very down this friday morning... i hate when i have time to think... i just get myself down /sigh
Woot! Going out tonight. I so need it after last night and this morning. Not a gr8 start to my weekend. 
@x__rachh92 no im not, working in the afternoon  i definatly wont see her then  may have to stay all day friday are you going in then?
Its friday and is going to work at the bank this evening   http://mypict.me/4u5M
eeek. i hope my friday night plans don't fall thru  *wishes* pleasepleaseplease!
hasn't slept since tuesday night, and that was on a sofa 
Nothing to do on the friday night. It's sad 
friday nights shouldn't be so boring 
Even though it's friday night, it feels like a sunday night to me    On the plus side, we're supposed to get some bad storms tonight 
Totally not excited about working til 10 tonight and then again at 6:45 tommorow morning 
hmmm, friday night in an i gotta go to bed soon as i got work in the morning  x
Just leaving now to go to the vets. This is gona be a long night... and I have to work in the morning. 
In bedddd, mcfly tomorrow ...well today &lt;3 17th sunday  night xxx
@waterchicklet  ahhh was on top of it for 1 day...I haven't eaten that great today   And going to a bbq 2nite...2morrow will be different!
workin on a friday night is so not cool... 
#dontyouhate when you're stuck working friday night.... 
I want to go to walmart or somewhere but I'm pretty sure that its not safe for me goin at this hour on a friday night alone 
omg ! a friday night at home 
is bored on a friday night 
have to go back office to work at this very beautiful saturday morning...really mood spoiling 
spending my friday night typing up a paper 
not enough wrapping paper to complete my project...  must wait till morning- monday morning that is 
I slept in this morning (til 8!), and I'm staying up late tonight (til 10!). I'm such an old lady now that I work for the forest service 
Guess I'm going jogging on the beach tomorrow morning. 6AM???  #fb
@NewNicci up and bored   how is your friday night so far?
What a slow hot lazy saturday afternoon 
It's 7:57am on a saturday &amp; I'm already awake. Last night was great, I went out yet again, but my stomach isn't better by now. I hate it 
so pissed i don't have my purse  tomorrow morning im getting it as early as possible
I can't believe I'm this bored on a friday night.. booooooooo me! 
going to bedddddd, i'll figure this video shit out in the morning  night &lt;3
Early saturday morning  Not good!
I just got home and am getting ready to crash, such a sad friday night 
now i must go to sleep soon b/c i have to work on a saturday morning 
i hate you  this saturday turned out to be the worst day i've ever had :/
alone on a saturday night 
can't wait till monday afternoon 
saturday morning and feeling refreshed . science modules on monday so have to revise 
im very sick on a saturday morning 
I can't sleep. What to do at 4:37 in the morning? All I can do is watch tv 
@Kalediscope when I checked on thursday, they only showed opening night availability 
Waking up at 6 am on a saturday morning is not crackin! 
working on a saturday morning 
I miss saturday morning cartoons  work = gayyyyy friggin customer service lol
Last day of opening!!......until monday 
wow, so glad i stayed up late last night  my day home till friday  stupid camp.
Praying for a saturday night it! Its not today and it won't be next week either but god I need one 
isss in topeka, kansas and leaving back for texass tomorrow morning 
working on a saturday afternoon 
had the most amazing friday night...but i think i might be clinically depressed now thats its over  
stuck at home on a saturday night...again  roll on next saturday!
ah this isnt normal. Who is awake @ 8 on a sunday morning. 
Its 7:41pm on a saturday night &amp; I wanna go to bed... 
good morning! it's sunday!!! back to the grind tmr 
Another saturday night and we have to work 
@allisonbushhh monday morning  whatare you up to tonight?
bored on a saturday night.... 
@shuliee noo  its sunday morning n I have school tomorrow!
My saturday night it's over, yep, so early 
hmmm...what's wrong with me...bad headache in sunday morning...its not a good sign... 
man, these saturday night closing shifts are gonna kill me. I have to leave here by 9:15 in the morning.. 
Is awake far too early for a sunday morning 
What a tiring sunday morning.. 
dreampt that michael woke me up this morning, i was saddend when i awoke to find no michael 
finishing my physics report... on a sunday afternoon 
@athenalatina cheer up, at least your weather must be better, its cold and raining and sunday night here an not looking forward to monday 
@tomlambe because I was so drunk last night and I have to go to work today, tomorrow and tuesday!  haaa
but he is then leaving us in the morning &amp; not returning until friday 
hoo... i'm home. and i don't wanna go back to manila yet.. my class will start on tuesday, so i'll be leaving on monday morning. 
awake already  too early for a sunday morning!
Spending a lazy sunday with my husband... who has to leave for the week this evening 
watched waynes world 1 and 2 back to back last night. Then woke up crap this morning. I hope theres no connection 
Why am i awake at 7am on a sunday morning when i don't have work? because i fell asleep at 8 last night and my new vid game is over joys 
@lauraaaaah monday mornings 
Headed to the city this sunday morning and its still raining   when does it end!!
Decided to stay one more night at home to enjoy the cool air &amp; peaceful morning! But has to rush 2hanoi2morrow for its monday  workin!
Going to bed, this weekend was great, can't wait for the next one, although i am working for 4 hours on saturday 
i really wish i had gone down the coast instead of the valley on saturday night  
@riptide1922: I knoww  let's plan for this or next week! What are your plans friday afternoon? Or lemme know if another day is good fo ...
@tommcfly i'm going on holiday wednesday morning, it'll be weird not watching your tweets for two weeks 
No one wants to go to transformers at midnight so i'm stuck going thursday 
@HoaAloha im working all day friday  and all night ... are you gonna come out for my birthday?! i texted you!
@offwhitemke I am!! saturday night!! but i can't get free tickets from there since i live in madison 
Long monday at work, even longer night makes john a tired boy 
My day over back to work tomorrow  have a good evening/night folks gute nacht alle
@bflogirl66 I work saturday morning too!  I usually leave early on friday night though so I may be home around 9
wednesday morning already?! i dont want to go home yet.. 
aah, wednesday night. 2 more days to go... 
woke up thinking today was saturday....gutted 
@JaneFoth no more good morning brighton 
@ameliasargent I can't do friday, I won't be in town until late afternoon evening. I hope you're not working saturday. 
Totally burnt out after an entire day of meetings. And I still have to prepare for this sunday's song leading by tonight..  #fb
i've been up for over an hour. wahhh! i couldn't sleep last night for some reason. too bad today isnt friday 
day already sucks... gotta ticket this morning 
@kianann91 i cant make it this saturday !!  But can go together again other day. 
counting the minutes to the weekend ..... funny friday, and really heavy saturday!!! too much work to do!!!! 
@iammatteblack I would love to but I have a wedding i am going to plus work in the morn, 
good morning! goodbye thursday 
http://twitpic.com/8duyu - packed and ready to go... leaving monday morning 
Morning  in the caravan at the mo and its freezing, but last night was classs  today should be awesomee
@jaright and good morning btw 
had a good night last night;cant wait til wednesday... 
Doing laundry on a friday night 
pinkberry and southpark...perfect friday night 
Waking up late on a saturday morning feels great 
@MissNonSense morning luv...or evenin in your case 
@missannajane Why its you in my head  I love a sunday morning if I say so myself what are you reading!
fabulous saturday night!!! how lucky am i...incredible weekend 
just did some homework at 1:10 in the morning lmao. going to sleep. most amazing night everrr &lt;3 goodnight 
well good nite, well good morning lol going to sleep now 
@rebeccamezzino hello sweet  sunday afternoon at my place is quiet today...how's yours?
hey its 12:40 a.m. in L.A. - time to say good morning and good nite 
@twittopher that's better! good to hear you two are having a nice relaxing sunday evening 
is relaxing in bed on a sunday morning! I need to get up now and do some breakfast 
is on a sunday afternoon frenzy 
@freitasm that could only but bring a smile to your face. even on a monday morning 
@wtcc 4 am its 11 in the morning in england  i have just awoken, so goodmorning and gooodnight haha x
Enjoying my lazy sunday afternoon in the sun 
sunday morning time to do payroll so all my people get paid. they appreciate that 
key biscayne for the day... then headed to a night out in orlando. what an amazing weekend.  
morning twitter ? . . what a pretty sunday  . loooking forward to shop !
we are excited to have our first follower     .. it is sunday morning and the weather is awesome...
has had a completely unproductive morning, but its cool- thats what Sundays are for 
good morning and happy sunday 
@mongooseson good morning and a happy monday 
monday blues  back to work 2nite after having a lovely week off!!
starting the week writing a creative brief in the sunshine with a bit of lady ga ga. its a good monday morning 
@DominiqueGoh - hey good evening! so far so good  it's been a good monday 
is enjoying his monday morning off from school  
morning all. this is the earliest i've been up in a week. going to be hard when i have to go back to work. at least thts not til friday 
playing with leeches on monday morning.. now that's something i'd like to do 
good morning  #fb
Nothing like a rainy monday morning after the beautiful weekend to get you right back to work 
good morning! happy monday! 
@blozano77 hey girl good morning happy monday 
@pennymoore5  good morning  live monday like its friday 
@sassyback hehe on the weekend, or after work generally thursday or friday nights are better 
had a great friday night 
good morning my dears.  have a nice day and a wonderful weekend. &lt;333
@gypsystokes... it's late, a friday night, and your working...? 
morning all  how is every1? saturday, yay! huh?
i love my saturday mornings!! 
7:00 am on saturday morning &amp; i'm about to cook breakfast &amp; head to the gym. oh goodness. tonight will be fantastic though!! 
@laribra morning lariii  i guess i'll pick up some dvds in the afternoon. ok see you later  xoxo
To make up for it I am taking him to watch the movie sunday morning as its only rated 12A 
@chrisdahlilama is the 2mile on thursday? 
@ahfeckit... and so it goes... but still, hope ur enjoying the day... (evening)  
http://twitpic.com/4f308 - The friday night boys! Bambooozle! 
slow saturday night... 
the husband and i are enjoying our saturday night afer a long days work 
@aldakila morning alex. have a blessed day 
oh no hangover kicking in now like. how is everyon this sunny sunday afternoon ? 
says good evening...again  http://plurk.com/p/rj43s
@poyntey it's sunday, so it's fun day! 
sunday morning service with the family 
...like sunday morning 
in the sun, on msn, twittering, and listening to chart show radio oneeee. ideal sunday afternoon me thinks 
yayy britt's up. sunday morning lounging 
good morning, sunday! 
@animevice you'll be here for fanime, duh! so we can do it on memorial day sunday or monday, schedules permitting. 
@joejonaslove haha. thankss.  oh, wen we were on the fone last night, (this morning actually) i didnt even go to sleep til like, 4am. lol.
@nsane8 no prob!  have a great evening 
time to enjoy sunday evening with my daughter  
@4ut good evening! 
sure its 11pm on a sunday night but i could really go for a double coogan boy date with emily 
screamworld this friday night 
@trekkerguy what's with the sigh?  sounds like an enjoyable sunday evening 
professional development is my favorite way to spend a beautiful monday afternoon....NOT! 
houstatlantavegas, sooner than later, nov. 18th, a night off, successful . over and over for the last 2837 hours - heavennn 
@nezua that blip is NOT to be misconstrued as qs on last night's convo... it's just a song i really love &amp; that rocks my morning 
Watching good morning america 
@Rawrrgasmic it's a dreary monday morning and I slept like crap...give me a break... 
I am loving this beautiful monday morning! 
monday morning . lets whip out some code today 
I must have viewed that picture of me and @alicecsws from saturday morning about a milling times  x
excited about this week! trying to have a productive monday. trying. hard. 
allo! twitterville! how is everyone doing this morning...hope everyone had a great weekend mine was pretty good! its monday (blah) !!!! 
monday morning. what to do. ...puzzles! 
@heidimontag my saturday was good  i cannot wait until this monday night 
@tncc24 - so sweet  why aren't you out livin' it up this saturday night?
yep, good morning to you all  or night or evening or whatever xD
Really tired this sunday morning  xxx
i think i shall go and print off pictures from friday night 
Just talked to andrew from friday night boys 
nothing to do on a monday morning and loving it 
enjoying the sunday night line up on fox 
-sick, but . i had a good friday night! 
AND all my favorite people are goin to the fair friday night  
oh wait...i totally just realized tomorrow (well today) is thursday not friday...i don't have to go anywhere in the morning 
partaaaaaaaay tomorrow night  birthday on tuesday 
@dep yawn good morning  i lol'd when you told me i @dep'd you last night
bubble bath &amp; strawberries on a miserable thursday afternoon? i think so! 
@sarahkennett coolio  i'll drop you a line on saturday afternoon, will know more then 
looking forward to not working tomorrow or monday.  love long weekends!
vegas this afternoon... 
let the saturday night begin. 
feels wrong to be awake now...i feel like i have to go to work tomorrow, but it's saturday night, not sunday  ah, real weekends. love it.
@joek949 good morning, it,s fantastic sunny day in newcastle 
@lukeando up early for sunday morning mate 
morning fellow twitters, happy sunday  think i might go walking today, possibly with a detour to the sweet shop!
another fabulous saturday night 
morning all  off to morrisons when i've dried my hair...what an exciting sunday!
sittin' at home on a sunday night after eating danbaofan is where its at 
says good evening  http://plurk.com/p/uc11x
uploading some pictures from thursday night 
Enjoying sunday morning hanging with the family 
is watching wednesday night's waterloo road again. 
early sunday morning with my issys, watching degrassi 
@tn_femme gud morning? i hope u have a pleasant day 
@bovinebubbles - hey, bubbles! you're up early for a sunday morning. shoulda slept in.  
Having some sunday afternoon tea 
@ClaireBoyles So what are you doing at home on a great sunday evening? 
Is planning a bbq monday afternoon (memorial day) if that works (I assume people are off). I'm excited 
aaand my real weekend starts now.  today is my saturday!
last nite and this morning were awesome with a fantastic guy.  he made my day 
@mungotwyford sounds like a fabby day to me, glad all went well for you, relaxed night for me as well, it is sunday after all  x
mmmmmm  naps on a sunday afternoon are always awesomeness &lt;3
I thought i had an exam tomorrow then the next day, Turns out it is thursday and friday. 3 Days off 
@MissBrklynBorn Aww... i might have to babysit my niece tuesday night but I think i can be there at 11 
So excited she finally gets to sleep in, its gunna be an amazing monday morning 
good morning monday 
loved this weekend  almost monday -.-
this will be just a 3 day work week, followed by 5 days off  yeahhh thats a sweet monday morning
@reneemytar yes me too! lets hang out this week? broke is over! tuesday or wednesday night, lemme know 
a long to do list on this monday morning! but will be flying to sunny puglia (italy) tomorrow 
@iseelyla yeaps yeaps coming back on thursday night  got work on friday still hahahs
@SherryFrancis have a good nite/morning!  
hello monday! had a lovely weekend 
@gosamanthago happy monday   have a good day!
good morning  I hope you're all having a great monday
says good evening!  http://plurk.com/p/uj5zr
@svhennig: good morning new york. Just only one day... 
@mel0d Lol, I neede that on a monday morning 
Out the door before 7am on a monday morning- hope its a sign of a very productive week 
oooh, it definately feels like a monday morning...but its a beautiful day  {working till 5 }
Having a good morning  last monday of high school !
drinking with friends on a monday night is always good. 
lived thru another monday morning meeting...INTACT! 
goodmorning twitterville; what nice shining morning in nyc!! 
good morning ppl 
@unoxymoronic hahaha i meant this morning 
BuffaLOVE for the weekend  excited to see my lovies on the island bright and early saturday morning....its all so bittersweet...
says good morning!!  http://plurk.com/p/vf0cz
good morning  from russia 
just had an epic midnight stroll, which involved finding a cane and timmie hoes, my friday is off to a great start so far 
@gfalcone601 morning gio.  it's shining here aswell. awesome!
good morning! tis a beautiful day in sunny london  hmm, what should i do today?...
relaxing on a rainy friday night 
@forcegtx2 morning larry 
@Teelou  hehe thats me..and good morning to you metallichick!
goin out for the morning, think ill be bk in the afternoon. 
On the bus back from a night shift. tired. @dsd_cbs sad about Q i'm sure she'll come around soon. i will call you today if That's cool 
TGIF. 3 day weekend! pig roast on sunday! yay 
@CalFreeman in theory you could have muffin thursday in the morning and champagne thursday in the afternoon 
Reallyreallyreally glad it's friday and I have a three day weekend 
work at ten. excited to have a friday night off 
@royboi Sounds like a good friday morning 
@SirDrake007 morning  what u got goin this weekend?
@gavreilly I think they are still plain old @morning_ireland for now gav 
So happy it's friday! 3 day weekend soon 
@chrishasboobs  good morning chris 
Mornings w/o music totally suckass! At least its another beautiful day and its friday! 
@maizey12 i'll be here tonight and tomorrow, then bethlehem sunday and monday... then back here (but off from work) all next week. 
has game night wednesday!!! be there 
im probably going to be tired tomorrow- but its wednesday, so it means my week is almost over  lovei t!
@aspo1 Up early hun  ... had an early night last nite, too knackered...so how's u today?! x
says good afternoon  happy friday! http://plurk.com/p/wwmp6
@misselle it is this sunday night 
thought friday would never arrive this week... phew 
morning ppl 
Home on a thursday! I missed lazy nights 
@ddlovatofans101 in the morning really why arnt you sleeping? 
schoool.. it's friday though, so it's not that bad  looking forward to the weekend ^^,
