Most common words for this cluster:
[('mother', 588), ('day', 567), ('mom', 153), ('happy', 137), ('today', 55), ('i', 42), ('moms', 39), ('amp', 34), ('quot', 27), ('family', 25), ('tomorrow', 23), ('http', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Mother', 0.7979531288146973), (u'Day', 0.7014628052711487), (u'Happy_Belated', 0.6777419447898865), (u'Accidentally_Runs_Over', 0.641898512840271), (u'Soldier_Surprises', 0.6394115090370178), (u'Julie_Gilkay_column', 0.6336439251899719), (u'Autistic_Son', 0.6289092302322388), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.6247360706329346), (u'LifeFiles', 0.623257577419281), (u'THE_ROCKWOOD_FILES', 0.6213987469673157)]





Whole Foods and drop offs in the future.  Was going to go to Tommy's for lunch but because my Mother sucks, that isn't going to happen 
wtf it was gorgeous this weekend and its supposed to be rainy and cold next weekend. Mother Nature is a cruel bitch. 
Got all confused thought Mother's Day (Au) was tomorrow but not til next Sun will have to wait another week for my chocolate!!! 
Gosh, it's raining so hard .. and i thought it was summer. Mother Earth's calendar must be really mixed up from GW .. dang 
Tomorrow the Mom's Day!!, I know what to do for her! :] , My dad can help with with that!. I have to do homeworks  too 
Is bored beyond belief, has nothing to do today.............. Well scratch that, Mother just informed me that I have to clean today. Joy! 
Trying to finish my Mother's Day stuff!!!    Too much to do and not enough time to do it!!
Off to bed, tomorrow is Monday  but then again that is one day closer to Mother's Day!
4got about Mom's Day while in Medina this weekend.  Probly won't see my mom for a month  What to get her?
@MrsLuciusMalfoy Mother, I don't feel so well 
Mother's Day is tomorrow and no money to do anything because we couldn't get a check cashed 
Feelin sorry for my cuz. She's spending the night here with her kids and hubby 'cause they've gotta spackle their rental. On Mother's Day 
@seanmurphymusic Aww have fun! I can't see my mom on Mom's Day this yr! First one ever! 
I'm spending Mother's Day with my beloved mommy... on the phone. It's Sunday, 8:35 AM where she is. Wish she was here 
Last min attempt to get Mom the Mother's Day gift she wanted was unsuccessful.    I hope she likes my backup gift.
hopes I'm no longer sick tomorrow... Being sick on Mother's Day is no fun.. 
i was gonna post a Mother's Day Special but I went very very wrong with my mom's makeup  Maybe next year... *sighs*
Email box has been somewhat slow today.  Must be everyone celebrating Mother's Day already 
I am feeling a little bad for how little i have been able to do to make Mother's Day super-special for Mrs Al... 
My MIL ruined my Mother's Day. 
Wishing I could do more 4 mother than gift certificate as she's preppin 4 med appt Mother's Day&amp;cant leave 
Im at Sizzlah and I'm alread being screamed at! Wooow, can't we just have a good Mother's Day dinner? Gah, I feel left out  POBRE!
Mother is back in the hospital. 
I am really missing my mom tonight  Mother's day is the worst ever since she passed
@azmomofmanyhats Hey, I'm working on Mother's Day  but I just got my Mother's Day present in the mail, will post pics later 
Mother's Day gift search: epic fail 
@SweetTartelette oh noes!   maybe u should with hold Mother's Day dessert in xchange 4 Bailey-sitting...
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there.  This is the first Mother's Day that I can't call my mom.  That has me a little down.  
Gosh I hate being sick on a day off  Hope I feel better in the morning for Mothers Day!  Love you Mom!
Wrote mii mom a really thoughtful letter for Mother's Day...then she went nd pissed me off! Now it's n a million pieces n a junkyard! 
kids just left to go to the ILs for the night  I'm going to declare a Mother's Day of my own when this is all over.
Lots of paper work to tackle in the office today. No, none of it are Mother's day cards! 
Prayers please... my dog is lost in the woods behind our property and it's late... I'm a worried momma on Mother's Day eve.. 
@audaciousaudrey uh Mother's day WE by definition can't be relaxing... A little bummed for  not being able to paint my wall as i wanted. 
I'm sad, I'm gonna miss out on the Mother's Day Festivities tomorrow. I'll be at work. 
SNL sucked tonight.    Oh well....   Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!
@MariRamos OK.   Have fun and have a great Mother's Day!
Thinking about my mommy  Mother's day gets harder and harder as I get older!!!
@deepbluesealove I wish, he is out of town working for Mother's Day 
Happy early Mother's Day Spending the day in NEW YORK i miss Miami   GoodNight    LoVe Ya NAOMi
Yawn...Off to sleep DH (Deae Hubby) has to work so I think this Mother's Day will be minus all the fanfair. 
With Mother's Day looming, I am missing my momma more than usual.      What I'd give to have her here for just one day!  &lt;3
STILL have to buy a Mother's Day gift and write a research essay  Maybe I can find someone to cover my shift tomorrow.. /crosses fingers
Wishing my Mom didn't have to be in the hospital for Mothers Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms! I'm wondering why my baby boy hasn't called me yet??!! 
I feel like it isn't fair that I can't buy my mother or my grandmother anything for Mother's Day.  
I also like to wish a Happy Mother's Day for all Mom's pregnant and all Mom's adopting. Adopting can be such a long process! 
@suzanneyankovic Happy Mother's Day to you! It's not Mother's Day until October in Argentina, though 
I wish I could spend Mother's day w/my mom  Atleast I can spend it w/my own child.What are my chances of bfast in bed! um..100000000 to 1
couldn't find a coaster for Mother's Day 
Wonders what other people are doing on Mother's day. After all, his mommy won't be home. 
Oh wait. It's Mother's Day and they're not open. 
Orangutan causes evacuation at #Adelaide Zoo: http://tinyurl.com/qeyxup; had planned to go for Mother's Day 
Going to church and celebrating Mother's Day at home with children and grandchindren.  Missed women's conference yesterday  HMD!
wishes she were in Cebu spending Mother's Day with family.  http://plurk.com/p/svgqd
Need to focus and organize today... though all I want to do is be with my Mom on Mother's Day! 
Nothing like reuniting with friends and family. But we gotta do these things at more reasonable hours!! It's Mother's Day - I miss mine 
Bummed that I am not smeeping in on Mother's Day 
First Mother's Day without a mother 
Mother's Day!  Too bad i'm just getting off work &amp; 2 tired 2 enjoy it... 
@rmbyrne WHAT? Mother's day. I hadn't heard a thing. I will be in the dog house for sure 
R.I.P.  MAMA *Gone But  NEVER Forgotten*    Mother's Day will never be the same 
My Mom is annoyed and sad on Mother's Day  This is not right, it's not what I expected!!
Mother's day. 
I'm starving but refuse to feed myself this Mother's Day. Where's my breakfast in bed 
is working on Mother's day 
My Mom is sick on Mother's Day. 
Cora's first official act of Mother's Day?  Projectile vomit her entire bottle all over my bed.  Poor itsy bitsy. 
Happy Mother's Day.  Scott's off to Dallas, I'm off to NYC to start Hilarie's apartment move out.  No Komen Race for me today 
Happy Mother's Day, Mom.  I miss you every day!  
Wow... I just realized its Mom Day &amp; I have 10 essays to do for  Juvie...grrr. 
Happy Mother's Day Mom!!  I love you soooooo much!  I wish I didn't live so far away from you 
Mother's Day just isn't the same when you don't get to see your mom... 
Dad-Ur dawter is grounded til she's 71! Wife argues but has 2 concede. Dawter (holding flowers) Happy Mother's Day, Mom!   #crapsoaplines
Just came home from Mother's Day lunch. I think I ate too much cake 
At work on Mother's Day 
So sick last week, Mother's Day snuck up on me. No gift for my mama.  What to do?
Happy Mother's day!  Lunch with Mom today, dad has to work 
Mother's Day. Going out to dinner later. Wow. So confused. I really have no idea what to do.  It's not like me.
Mother's Day is making me feel like I'm either going to cry or throw up...perhaps both. I miss MY mommy 
@loverwhythegun Oh dear sounds serious.  It's only Mother's Day though, it's only supposed to be a nice gesture. It was a while ago here.
Had a nice nite out last nite- sinus is acting up a lil more from Friday, so not feeling too well on my 1st Mother's Day 
Morning, Twitterati! Happy #MothersDay to all the moms here. Heading to church, then out to see my Mom. First Mother's Day w/o Dad. 
So sad. Just got an Amber alert on my phone. It's Mother's Day and someone stole a baby.   Praying for that family.
realized he didn't do anything for his mom for Mother's Day.  Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. I'll be calling mine later!
Not able to be at church as a family on Mother's Day.    Home with sick little boy.
@grnladybug sorry ur Mother's Day isnt great...never get a break as a mother 
sadly working on Mother's Day 
You sleep in Sunday morning, miss an Apple Store outage.  Anyone see changes? &amp; Happy Mother's Day from TUAW!
going out to celebrate Mother's day...but not with my mom 
R.I.P. to my Mom (1/15/30-1/23/75) and my Grandmother (12/22/1904-12/3/2007). Happy Mother's Day. I love you &amp; miss you....... 
My family is getting ready for Mother's Day brunch. Doesn't look like I'm going   I hope they remember to bring home a Marley-bag!
Happy Mother's Day, all  Mothers! And to the dads  who raises their  kids  too. Son  lost his  wife last  fall  so not happy day for  him 
Today is Mother's Day, so I'm cooking, well I'm trying to! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.  Missing my Grandmother today   #fb
Sick on Mother's Day 
Received a sweet Mother's Day video card from my son, saying I had been chosen Mother of the Year. Brad and Angelina were disappointed. 
missing Becky on Mother's Day as she's in Italy...  
Sleeeeepy @ graduation. Depressed because its Mother's Day anf Sandy B is gone and I'm not graduating. 
Happy Mother's day!  Wish I could be in Ohio with my mom. 
[-O] Happy Mother's day! Wish I could be in Ohio with my mom.  http://tinyurl.com/pkkmoh
I just woke up and today is already hard. I can't remember Mom and Aunt B isn't around. Father's Day will be weird too. 
Happy Mother's Day, y'all. I wish my mom was here to take care of me! On my way to Urgent &amp; Family Care 
I feel bad that I've been too sick to go out &amp; get mum a present  Do they have post Mother's Day sales?
Mother's Day is a traditionally time for BBQ here ... unfortunately I don't like BBQ at all  ... but I am also not a mother ;-) ;-)
Getting ready 2 go 2 work ... yes .on Mother's Day              My family is back home in the OKC, can't get back there 2 visit just yet.
Mother's Day is bittersweet for me.  I'm spending the day with my boys, but my mom died 5 years ago on Mother's Day 
Ahhh, Mother's Day. I for one love and respect mine more than her ego will allow her to fully accept. I REALLY wish she lived closer. 
Mom doesn't really do the Mother's Day thing. Last time I tried, it was... bad. B.A.D.  I want more Starbursts.
Having a shitty day, now I have to go take Mom out for lunch. Yay! Happy Mother's Day everyone... 
For Mother's Day, my cat gave me another ER cat visit. Thanks Sonny!  for giving mami a heart attack this morning. I love you! xoxox
Wish I could spend Mother's Day with the mum. 
Mother's Day kind of sucks ass when you lost yours 
Going to spend the later half of Mother's Day driving to Syracuse for a week of school.  
Mother's day and my sister's birthday...... And my mom's going to the ER. Awesome. 
Missing my Mom on Mother's Day 
@AnoopDoggDesai Aw, you had to go back to CA on Mother's Day 
I wish I was with my mom on Mother's day!  I'll be home soon.
This is the first Mother's Day EVER I have NOT spent with my mom. 
I.hate.LSAT.class. Wish I was golfing with the fam on Mother's Day 
my selfish dogs didn't get me anything for Mother's Day. 
Had the craziest Mother's Day ever.. I'm soo sad right now 
wishes I could've spent Mother's Day with my hubby 
Mother's Day dinner at Phoung Nam was o.k. Upset w the service, but the food never lets us down. Didn't have 7 Steps to Heaven #159 
Had a Wonderful Mother's Day but it makes me REALLY miss my mother! Life is not quite the same without her in it 
Did some grilling for Mother's Day today.  Still trying to figure out how to grill salmon right.  I guess I should google it.  
Gave my mom a nice card for Mother's Day, and she just laughed and walked away. 
Had a nice Mother's Day and is now sad that the weekend has come to an end 
@Wildcatcdc OMG. I'd cry   How was your Mother's Day?
at work on Mother's Day 
Going to bed and feeling glad for such a fun filled Mom's Day weekend....but sad I didn't get more done with school and the house! 
AUGH....Boston nails buzzer beater....Magic looses by 1!!  So much for my Mother's Day win 
hopes my kids learned today what NOT to do for Mother's Day in the future 
Mothers Day was cool. I miss my Mom 
Mother's Day's no fun when your mom is in the hospital 
Survived another Mother's Day, feeling sick. Dropping car off on Thursday, no Keelhaul attend for me 
I miss my girl!  I know she's having a fun Mother's Day with her mom and rest of family though!
Mother's Day Today... Kids had fun, but I get to say good bye to the boy toy tomorrow 
Feels bad, all I could get my mother for Mother's Day is a hug!!! SORRY! 
I'm not enjoying this Mother's day 
had a nice Mother's Day.  Brunch by the beach with Dan and Teo and some new perfume.  Wish Dan didn't have to work the rest of the day 
@Freegan I thought about the flowers today when i went to a Mother's Day breakfast  I hope they were at least composted :-/
Mitch's mom made an amazing chocolate cake (yes on Mother's Day) for my bday. So good he says I am not allowed to take leftovers to work 
Finding some shade in sunny San Diego for Mother's Day. My Mommy was working though   http://yfrog.com/e5bpaj
Boo, hiss, FloraQueen has not delivered my Mum's Mother's Day flowers 
@aimeemcn Yes please! I bought Mother Tongue today, and I'm not gonna be able to read it for AGES  
Mother in law and sister in law visiting. Means I'm out shopping with 4 girls 
Wanted to go to the beach today with Casey &amp; JoJo, but by the looks of those thunder clouds rolling in, Mother Nature has other plans. 
@firebirdhouse I had a few orders week before last, but none for Mother's Day and nothing for graduation. 
Saw Angels &amp; Demons-very good!&amp; the hottest lingerie at Victoria's, drats-no cash- and now wants to strangle Mother cause of her attitude 
had to go to safeway after work which =  but I turned that frown upside down by getting Mother's Circus Animal Cookies! super win for me.
@IndigoSpirit Children? Are those those ppl who call and leave a msg on vm once a year for Mother's Day? I forget now. 
is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable 
Long day but good. Child wiped out. Mother wiped out. Also, hot and sweaty. Now for an exciting night of DVDS alone w/ no beer  - #LOFNOTC
Tonight is going fairly smoothly. Mother has me pulling carts though 
@Mother_Tongue  feel NOone would take purse/money ya know? teaches me lesson. i know i walk away from purse at grocery store. so sad. so. 
@Rockergirl75 Awww  gotta hope Mother comes back soon before he comes in the front room! Darent walk into kitchen incase!
Mother nature does not like mee..the red spots are hives!! I got bit &amp; broke outtt again  http://mypict.me/277x
Deer came during the nite &amp; ate ALL the beautiful impatiens Mike/kids planted for me on Mother's Day.Nothing left but hoof prints&amp;stumps! 
is very under leveled in Mother 3 and needs to grind up to at least level 50.  That's 20 levels away.  
Hmmm Field Day today at Daughter's school... wonder if this rain will stick around long enough to cancel it 
@JKissnHug I heard prime time was Mother's Day weekend...Been pretty slow the past two weekends. 
For those of you who visit the PinStack forms - Hayden lost his Mother. There is a Condolence Thread available 
Mother Feed app on my G1 gives a &quot;force close&quot; any time I try to type a new post.  http://ff.im/3tyRp
just wanna crawl n2 bed...&quot;Mother Nature&quot; has effed up my day n more than 1 way 
Almost to the end of Mother 3. I don't want it to ever end. 
I wish I had a green thumb, I receive plants as gifts and feel bad when the things die on me.  Mother's Day gift - dead, dead, dead....  
@JoshFitzner ISN'T THAT AWESOME??? Too bad I missed out on my Mother's Day hysterectomy. 
Mother-fficient during 6hrs break, finally completed 11-page report! Sawsome! But super reluctant to return to tut from 4-6pm 
I don't know, should i believe this or not (Earth 2100) Save Mother Earth! I guess i'm believing this 
Mother Nature must not want me to lay out at the pool. It's cloudy &amp; a little chilly here in Bama &amp; it rained yesterday. 
Her last Mother's Day I spent it with my GF instead of her. The card is still in the backseat of my car. 
Suspect we need to get the ducts cleaned... Day 5 in a row of evil haedaches. Husband too. That spells environmental issue 
Mother is trying to kill me just blow her smoke right in my face    Bitch!
Mother Day today in France 
Today marks the eleventh anniversary of the death of my mother. It's going to be a sad day.   I miss you, Mother! 
Mother just fed the cats. I love my cats, but the smell of cat food makes me feel really sick, plus this new food stinks up the house 
Mother and Gran are on their journey home. I miss them already 
Still not feeling too great..  Mother won't be happy if I don't eat my dinner.
feh i was planning to frame my autographed Martha Wainwright &quot;Bloody Mother F*cking *&amp;&amp;hole&quot; t-shirt. the signature has faded already 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/a/5538480 Mother who died of H1N1 flu, had had severe health problems previously - I'm sad for her kids 
Oh the joys of the seventh hour of the day. Mother fuck it 
@PrincessSam03 I knoww  &amp; My poor hair, I'm pissed. Where were the showers in April, Mother Nature youre 2months late b*tch!
@Nedrea LOL it wasn't my fault  blame Mother Nature 
Grrrr. Taunted by 8 pages of Fathers Day gift ideas in the Metro, knowing full well that I wont even get a card 
Grrrr. Taunted by 8 pages of Fathers Day gift ideas in the Metro, knowing full well that I wont even get a card  (via @cole007)
Mother spilt water on my money 
Mother fn seagul scared the fn crap out of me  no joke
Mother is crying and won't tell me why 
Uch, cannot find a good Fathers' Day card for my Daddy.  Any ideas? To inspire you: He's very very untidy and very very lovely.
Needs collective strength from my tweeple this AM. I am Heading to my Mother's funeral service. 
Logging onto this site for the first time because my Mother made me. 
@chesshirecat I am eager now, I just gotta wait out Mother Nature.  
Mother effer, I cannot stop biting my lip. It's bleeding and making my stomach hurt 
effin sun!  i coulda slept for 30 more minutes!    Mother Nature is a tweeker!!
@cdfinder Hmm... be at yours for breakfast tomorrow then? We're looking at an Old Mother Hubbard's cupboard situation here 
Finished leg one of my summer trip. Stuck at the Mother inlaw's.  
Mother Nature is not being nice to the north eastern United States this week. 
Mother won,t cry  
can't believe Mom has no idea what to do for tomorrow's Father's Day celebration. She really must be stressed! Tsk tsk... Poor Mama 
Mother Nature ... Why are you tearing up today??? 
@xoitsmylifexo aw I'm sorry  Mother Nature must have a cold or something. Her eyes wont stop watering. I'm going to throw her some soup :]
@kirstiealley I wouldn't know that one died of cancer. Mother well if she had a broom she could fly. 
...and Happy 1st Day of Summa...yea, w/ all the rain comn nxt wk! Thx Mother Nature, thx ALOT 
Praying for my Mother to be ok. She had a heart attack this morning and is in the hospital 
@feliciaday But...I...don't have a dad to hug....  ...Maybe this should also be National Single Mother's Day too...
Wish D was here- we've now missed two Mother's Days and two Father's Days.    Prob take kids out to Mom's later on for a bit.
I didn't get anything for my dad today! He doesn't want me to spend $ either.same went for Mother's Day.  I did cycle with him today,
Mother has me cleaning 
Mother just called me a lazy shit  I need a hug.
(@georgiabrook) Mother just called me a lazy shit  I need a hug.
Dad will go back to Kuwait on 27th (Day after 2mro ) Am confused should I leave the home tomorrow ? or after dad's flight ? 
working on our Mother's Day Balanced Gift Guide...give mom a gift with meaning this year, one that will improve her health and happiness 
@jakrose Um, milk *fathers* don't have udders. And &quot;Milk, I am your Mother&quot; just doesn't have same ring. hahaha  
@thesmartmama You're in luck! We've extended the video deadline until just before Mom's Day. Rock your party &amp; then make a video 
Girls are so exited about going to the ladies event. They call Mother-Daughter Tea day  I guess tony is having a Father-son yard day 
@musicalmover 10th of May is Mother's Day 
Getting ready for Mother-daughter banquet and prom 
Make-A-Wish Mother's Day Truck Convoy is coming up! DM me for more info...spread the word! 
@pollygeegee Lovely article in the latest Woman's Day of you &amp; your daughter Polly   She has your smile big time!
Gooood morning. I'm trying to finish my present for the Mother's Day. 
Mother's day! (in Hungary)  
oh how i love @dharkness - he just told me i could get my mom a new hip for Mother's Day  
Mother's Day is approaching    I love my MOTHER 
Oh such a nice, quiet Mother Day  (my mom's still asleep...)
Always said it ... arts feed the soul  The main lady of them all, Mother Nature that is ... she adores the arts, walk hand in hand! ;)
watching cartoons with the kids   Ta-Lee are you going to make me a Mother's Day card?   j.k
Mother's Day is next weekend. Dont forget your moms and grandmas! 
Have you purchased your Mother's Day cards yet. Next Sunday is Mother's Day, just saying 
I'm enjoying the rain. Getting old. Feeling a bit sore from walking so much yesterday. I am becoming my Mother. 
Just a friendly reminder, friends: YO MAMA. This Sunday. Mother's Day 
@mike_elgan Too bad it is not available in time for Mother's Day  Wonder if the Kindle 2 price will drop?
Mother's Day is THIS Sunday.... don't forget to send her something special  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExpmTEVSFQg
Ready for Mother's Day? http://tinyurl.com/dcgeyv 
I'm making my mommy her Mother's day present, I love her 
Psyched for Mother's day at the GKR party--and teaching mom and dad about baseball 
Next to my birthday- Mother's Day is my favorite day of the year.  The one day I don't feel guilty for slacking just a little.   Aaaahh...
Happy Mother's day to MOMMY 
Happy Mother's Day to Us  FOR NOT BEIN MAMMAS YET and being lucky enough to live our lives a little 1st    
Enjoying Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Momma's to be and Mommas currently.  Have a wonderful day!!!
Early Mother's Day dinner with the @AaronBishop family 
Got some beautiful flowers and a mag subscription for Mother's Day  Spoilt! &lt;3
Ushers: You guys made Mother's Day really awesome today! Thanks for coming in early to prep the surprise gifts for all our moms!! 
Been Mother Day shopping....wow...big thanks to my sister for coming with me. Sorry about getting you drunk though 
Tomorrow is Mother's Day. I hope everybody got their mom something awesome...or at least calls to say hello 
WH Correspondant's Dinner Rocked! Wanda Sykes was hilarious and Obama wasn't too bad  Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there......
Said The Whale &amp; Mother Mother? OK! 
Just gave my mommy her Mother's Day present...a purple ipod  http://twitpic.com/4wcpt
@MarijuanaDeals I have the best bestfriend in the whole world .. My Mother's Day present = ambien, klonopin and a quarter! woohoo!  smh...
@amoonchilde  Thank you!  Tomorrow is my b-day too! I tease my Mom and tell her I was her Mother's Day gift. 
now accepting maid applications.  would be nice if you'd start first thing tomorrow - would make a wonderful Mother's Day present! 
I hope Mama likes her Mother's day present 
I think Steph will enjoy her first Mother's Day tomorrow. 
@DarryleP I just have one, he is 14 months. I don't think he realizes that it is Mother's Day tomorrow. LOL! 
Be sure to let the moms you know how fabulous you think they are!!   Almost Mother's Day.
I hope my mom enjoys her Mother's Day gift 
wishes all you moms a happy &amp; blessed Mother's Day!  
Today is Mother's Day  Am going to Grandma place. Boring. Haha! but yay! erm ok make no sense w/e but wee!
@kelvinlls Hey Kelvin, my day's been fantastic so far! We're getting ready for a family Mother's day function shortly 
Fuzzball is more fun than Mother's Day  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
@nursewriter Glad to hear that b'day dinner was great! Wishing you a happy Mother's Day tomorrow. 
It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all!  (via @The_Tech_Update) &lt;-- Ditto!
Ready for tomorrow. My mommy will get her gift for Mother's Day. Hope she LOVES it! 
Gave my mommy her Mother's Day present. Tickets to Aerosmith (her favorite band everr.) Yay for a good reaction. 
Tomorrow is Mother's Day! What did you get for your moms?! If you don't have a gift, just tell her that you love her. 
Ok all have hit the point of relaxation.. heading to bed  sleep well and Happy Mother's day to all you Moms out there!! Night
is also wishing these two lovely mothers @solangeknowles &amp; @fatbellybella a very special Mother's Day!!!  enjoy!
9:30pm and this grandma is going to sleep.  20ish Mother's Day reservations tomorrow... 
Oh and PS. Since it is already 12:30, I should probably say &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; to my Mom and all the mothers out there! 
I love my Mom. Yo Amo a mi Mama. ? ? ? Thank you mommy... Ti amo con tutto il mio cuore.  Happy Mother's Day
Happy Mother's Day, Mama! You're always in my heart! 
And ... Happy Mother's Day to all Moms   You sure are the ? heart of mankind.
Spending Mother's Day with Mom.  
: Out to dinner for the fam and Grandma for Mother's Day. 
Writing Mother's Day cards for my mom and gran...  hurray!
@Morgan_Company Hey Kathy, happy Mother's Day!  
Happy Mother's Day Moms  Take a load of for at least a day!
Mother's Day has been good for me 
HAppy Mother's Day to my Mom...that lady is the coolest  I love u ma!
To all mothers out there in Twitterland: Happy Mother's Day. I hope your day is a great one.  ~Tara Mae
Every day is Mother's Day.... Don't wait for 1 of 365 days to come around to show your mom how much you appreciate and love her. 
Happy Mother's Day! --  http://bit.ly/LRSnG  Mother Lover - J-Tim &amp; Andy Samberg video, hilarious 
Happy Mother's Day Mom! I love You! 
off to bed I go..have a great Mom's Day all you moms!  
@vansunder is making me hot chocolate with almond milk.  Mother Day festivities is starting early! 
Officially Mother Day here HAPPY Mother Day to all the MOMS 
Happy Mother's Day! It's gonna be an awesome and blessed day! Getting ready for bed... for a beautiful and sunny Sunday... 
loves the new Mother's Day snl digital short, mother lover, oohhhh cornyness 
@michaelmagical Been crazy busy here! *grins* It's Mother's Day weekend. Lots of my abies sending me well wishes 
Mother's Day family dinner on a rainy Sunday night 
Headed out at 6 today, shopped for Mother's Day gifts. I love B&amp;BWs new scents ? AND finished my book I bought yesterday. 
@krystynchong Hello Krystyn  have a great Mother's Day celebrations
@adnamay Yup  On to Mother's Day. Any plans for your birthday?
@mosdefaqueen My pleasure. I can't be with my mom on Mother's Day. But I can spread love. 
Oh Mother - Christina Aguilera. Happy Mothers' Day to all the mamas!  ilovemymommy! &lt;3
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Special shout to my momma...Luv ya! And Pat....even though you're a Jehovah's Witness 
@halian: Happy Mother's day to my Mother. Thank you for being such an awesome mother 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Moms out there.  (I'm kind of a Mom, i think my little pup counts!  )
@flygirls &quot;Mom set the bar so high I need to learn to fly to reach it!&quot; -- now THAT's an awesome sentiment to read on Mother's Day. 
@DavidArchie morning David! i hope you're able to contact you're mom for Mother's Day!she seems really sweet  i guess you get it from her!
is having fun with the traditional family dinner party for Mother's Day... 
I am usually more creative on Mother's Day but lately I have not been feeling creative. O.K.. Good Night.  uh Morning... 
Listening to Lady Gaga... Relatives just left after our Mother's Day celebration 
Oh, and yippee for Lyn-Z Way who gets to celebrate Mother's Day for the first time as a mother. 
is wishing everyone a blessed &amp; beautiful Mother's Day! 
Mother's Day Wishes from google... Pretty &amp; beautiful flowers on google logo  http://www.google.co.in/
Finally home and exhausted.  Work week is over, but I still expect less than 5 hours sleep tonight.  Happy Mother's Day! I luv you Mom 
Celebrated Mother's Day with the best lamb roast lunch followed by a box of Cadbury's shared around the table. It was a wonderful day 
Well off 2 bed...cant wait 2 party 4 Mother's Day in like 14 hours or so 
Gooooooood morning, campers!  And happy Mother's Day!
@DENISE_RICHARDS A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. Happy Mother's Day 
,:Mother, Happy Mother's Day.... and to all Mom's there......  God Bless yhaw all... ?
: So wonderful to spend Mother's Day with my mum. 
Oh, Happy Mother's Day in those countries where that's what day it is. Mother's Day was March 22nd here 
@JonathanRKnight @jorddanknight Happy Mother's day to your Mum 
@roe4ever1 Happy Mother's Day ~ Did you watch SNL?  If not U missed a hoot with Jimmy Fallon 
Good morning! I'm just woke up it's Mother's Day 
Justin Timberlake totally rocked SNL tonight. Ooh, and Happy Mother's Day, another Hallmark mkting tool. 
@Ali_Sweeney - Happy Mother's Day, Ali  I hope you have a great day today! Hugs and kisses from The Netherlands xoxox
wants to wish all the moms out there (and moms-to-be) a very happy Mother's Day!  
too much good food on this Mother's Day. not that i'm complaining! Seafood, durian puffs and macarons! yum! 
What have you done for Mother's Day?&quot;*people who are a day behind us*&quot;what will you be doing?&quot; I took my Mom to Starbucks, she enjoyed it 
barely awake, eating breakfast.. marathon morning!   Good luck to all the racers, and happy Mother's Day!
@eddai  Then Google Vs. Twitter . Mother's Day Vs. Mothers Day . . Mother's Day - web1.0 type. Mothers Day is Social Media -web2.0
Just woke up. Gonna have a shower and go to Nan's for Mother's day lunch. Happy Mother's day 
@zaneology Correction: &quot;facetious&quot; not &quot;sarcastic.&quot; Apologies.  Oh, and happy Mother's Day!
DH at work, DD7 at party. Seriously thinking of treating DS9 and myself to sushi lunch - after all, it IS Mother's Day here! 
misses my Mom today. She was my Best Friend and even though she has been gone several yrs I still miss her dearly. Happy Mother's Day 
@tkpleslie Have a friend that calls me &quot;Mother Earth&quot; when ever he seems me. Nurturing is second nature to some. (me) Have God Babies. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's 
happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there 
check on ya'll in a bit. im in for a Mother's day haircut. ciao!... 
Mother's Day breakfast is over, getting back to work now. Back on Rails 
@facibus @Allyeska's mum asked us to thank you for introducing us to Kenny's - we're having Mother's Day dinner here 
Happy Mother's day !!!! Show some love to your Beautiful and Amazing Mom!!  &lt;3
@danielradcliffe Nice to see you tweeting!  It's Sunday 10th May and we're celebrating Mother's Day here today. So be nice to yer Mom 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there, but especially to my wonderfuly Mommy 
Hope all the Mum's out there had a Mother's Day with love, close family &amp; friends. 
@MelodyLeaLamb Goooood Morning Melody! Wishing you a Wonderful Mother's Day with your family! 
It's Mother's Day! Went out to lunch to celebrate and then went shopping for a gift for my mom 
@Kenzielee_ Mother's Day in the U.S today. I won't tell mine, she'll expect another present 
Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!! You are wonderful!! Have a great day 
While the family is out to Mother's Day Party, Shannon &amp; I took a stroll downstairs with the pram. She's bathed and happy. Me too. 
@MizFitOnline @lance02 Morning!  Happy Mother's Day Miz!!!  Thank you Lance!!!! 
Finally going to bed after staying up reading the script for &quot;Remember Me.&quot; So sad but sooo good! Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's! 
Is it OK to send iFlowers to your mom for Mother's Day trough this iPhone app? http://tr.im/kWnX 
Happy Mother's Day! What are you doing for your Mama today? 
@davepenny47 Actually, I also thought Mother's Day was May 31st until I was remembered of Pentecost  Uselessly complicated, I would say 
Happy Mother's day; God bless you &amp; all mother's worldwide; mother nature...  technology emotion in motion...
is hoping that all the Mama's out there have a super special Mother's day today!  &lt;3
@LisaHoffmann just followed you here on twitter. just wanted to say happy Mother's Day 
A very happy Mother's Day to all of you, with a hug on top and toddler kisses thrown in. 
Up and back @ it again, going to celebrate Mother's day. 
Happy Mother's Day to all my Twittering Mom friends!  Hope you all have a Great day &amp; God's blessings abounding!!  
Wishing a great Mother's Day to my mom, Nana, and the other mom's I know. 
Happy Mother's Day to all moms and especially to My Super Mommy! I love you forever and always!! &lt;33 The bestest Mommy ever!!! XOOX &lt;33 
Thanks for the Mother's Day shout out  @islandchic @joevick
Yay! going home now!  Gonna buy a rose for Mother's Day 
GM.... Happy Mother's Day/Parent's Day.... to all.... and a Very Special Shout out to all the Single Parents.....who DO IT ALONE..... 
In a train to Gent. Happy Mother's Day, Mom! And thanks for going through all the trouble of raising me 
Off to graduate.  Hope everyone has a lovely (Mother's Day) Sunday!
its Momma's Day! lets take this day to appreciate the 1s who gave us life...we only get 1. cherish them as much as u can while u can! 
My kids are taking me to &quot;Sweetiepie&quot;, a dessert heaven for Mother's Day. Can't wait to have an ice cream sundae 
Hope everyone has a special Mother's Day!  
@callmerizza Mama, please greet Tita Precy Happy Mother's Day for me. Hugs for her as well. 
isn't every day Mother's Day?! 
my husband just presented me with my Mother's Day card--&quot;To My Baby Mama&quot;  That's why I love him.  
Everybody call your mom!  It's Mom's Day. 
So what's the plans for Mother's Day?  We're going out to eat this afternoon to Lonestar - we have a gift card from Christmas to use. 
going to UT for Mil's graduation, then Sakura, thennnn Mother's Day stuff. 
Mothers: Have a Happy Mother's Day. You well know every other day of the year is Kid's Day  Making Chocolate Chip Pancakes for the kids
Happy Mother's Day !  Mom   I Love You
Yay! My first Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mamas in the land! Especially the best one in the world...MINE! Love to you all! Night night. 
is spending Mother's Day with her family and hoping Mark wins big at the boat! 
Good morning.  I have nothing C# wise today. Today is all about jQuery and PHP.  But it is Mother's Day, so call your Mom! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mothers out there!  I love you all...Grandma, Mommie, CC, Rose...You ladies are so special!!
Even if you're not American...lol just said that cuz it's Mother's Day over here 
just went out to pick up bagels, cream cheese, and lox for Mother's Day breakfast.  Yum 
@tipiwell Hi  Have U prepared gifts and greetings 4your mom ? Cuz to day is Mother's Day :x
It's not very sunny outside for Mother's Day. (Should be - moms like sunshine.) Hope my mom finds time for STAR TREK today. 
Wishing all mothers a Happy Mother's Day especially my mother and the ones that's close and dear to my heart. Love You 
Happy Mother's Day! Today I decided to celebrate Mother's Day by Being a Mom. (Taking care of Palmer) Yes, a mother's work is NEVER done 
Making sure to call all of my sister's and wish them each a happy Mother's Day.   
@NealWiser Enjoy the Mother's Day Celebrations  have a great time.  'Moms are special'  without them where wld we be ...
Happy Mother's Day... I'm really tired right now. Can't wait to see Star Trek nxt weekend. 
@sueupton Hey happy Mother's Day to you Sue! 
@JonasBrothers Happy Mother's Day Mrs. Jonas! Have a great day and enjoy it!  Love, Amanda
I spent all day yesterday with my Mom &amp; sisters &amp; brother...an early Mother's Day celebration! Enjoyed every minute! 
Off to Whiteville, NC! to celebrate Mother's  Day with Mom, Nana, and Meemaw. 
Happy Mother's day to all the Moms - your light is strong &amp; bright! 
Happy Mothers Day! I get 2 b with my Mother Jeanna and Olivia 4 generations I feel very lucky!  The best present 
Off to Rebecca and Shaun's e-session this AM.  Happy Mother's Day!  
Happy Mother's Day from Becoming Mom Spa and Imaging Center  
@mommie75 I hope you have a wonderful Mother's Day.  
is going to enjoy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day! I Love You Mom 
is getting ready to have a very busy Mother's Day!  Happy Mother's Day to all you moms!  God bless!  
http://twitpic.com/4wzbi - Happy Mother's Day to all moms! Especially to a Top Woman in Grocery, my mom 
Happy Mother's Day to the wondeful Mum's in America  God Bless You All.
Off to The Old Library restaurant. Their Mother's Day brunch is excellent; I guess that's why the moms always choose the same place. 
Happy Mother's day everyone! Love your Mama!!!!! 
@teensygreen Cool! That's a fun Mother's Day present. 
(@starsclds) Note to self....teach daughter how to make coffee before next Mother's Day...she tried 
Food Network. All. Morning. Long. Wish it were Mother's Day all the time 
Coffee in bed, reading a great book.  Going to the gym before Mother's Day brunch.  
@andamummy No need for congrats or consolations  It's Mother's Day &amp; I'm just reminiscing  &amp; maybe someone'll learn a lesson or 2...
@SherriEShepherd at least he didn't throw up on your shoes   Have a WONDERFUL Mother's Day!!!
@RevRunWisdom Good Morning tell Mrs. Simmons Happy Mother's Day from Meshell of B-More and to enjoy her day 
Good morning everyone, and I hope all the Mom's out there have a very happy Mother's Day. I'm gonna make waffles in the shape of Mickey. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there 
Peonies on Mother's Day  = Great Husband 
Happy Mother's Day, Mom--and allllll my other Mom friends out there!! 
For Mother's Day I would like to sleep in.... They were too excited to show me my presents so they were up earlier than usual! 
TODAY ONLY! - 20% off everything for Mother's Day  shop happy 
Just sent a Mother's Day ecard... to my mom - who I think is awesome!!!  @123GreetingsCom http://bit.ly/FTLGK
With my mom on Mother's day... ain't I sweet. 
just downloaded Tori's Mother's Day gift.. 
Happy Mother's Day Mom! Actually, she's not on Twitter or Facebook and rarely checks her email....Guess I better give her a call. 
Mother's Day in DK, gave my mom tickets to Angels and Demons in our local cinema 
It's my first Mother's Day as a mommy! 
@AnnCurry What a great quote Ann! So true-Happy Mom's Day to you-enjoy it! 
We're off to enjoy the day with family! Have a happy Mother's Day 
I hope all the moms out there are having a Great Mother's Day.  I'm glad to be with the best mom today.    Love you mom!
@LizLieu sweet loved your spelling of Mother ...have a great day moms 
Happy Mother's Day, Mom!!! 
The power of Twitter - I'd have absolutely no idea it was Mother's Day today (in the States) otherwise  Shall treat mother to lovely meal.
Happy Mother's Day Twitter World. What did everyone do for the mom in their lives today? Reply and let me know 
Happy Mother's Day.  I'm going to see Star Trek tonight.. so excited even though I'm not a fan at all 
&quot;All women become like their mothers.  That is their tragedy.  No man does.  That's his.&quot; - Oscar Wilde ~ Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!! 
spending Mother's Day watching NOGGIN with the munchkin....sure would be nice to be taken out...but hey, her smile makes it all better 
@lostcheerio Absolutely lovely, both your kids' posts. I'm sure you're enjoying a wonderful Mother's Day. 
Weeded my mom's flower bed for Mother's Day gift to her.  Acts of love 
Happy Mother's/Mama's/Mommy's/Momma's/Ma's/Mami's/Mom Day! 
Cleaning my house &amp; washing clothes. Mother's never get a day off. 
@Esme_Cullen26: Happy Mother's Day! 
Visiting Mom on her Day.   Happy Mother's Day - to all Mothers, and all that ever had a Mother.  
---'--/@ Happy Mother's Day to all! 'Specially Trish, and Mom.  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Reminder: Today is Mother's Day! Make sure to call or drop by on your mother day 
Starting the day with a french foreign film then spending the day w my beautiful Mother 
Home for Mother's Day 
A Happy Mother's Day to all moms!  About to go spend some time with Mom Foos. Hope she likes the cake we've got for dessert! 
Okay,enough of that seriousness on Mother's Day! Still waiting on my butterfly to wake up! W/her in my life it's Mother's Day everyday!  
Last day of Mother's Day madness at work. w00t! Then just clean-up tomorrow before a well-deserved day off. 
O.K. who told mom that we were getting her a motorcycle for Mother's Day 
http://twitpic.com/4x5al - Mom and I at Mothers Day breakfast 
At home celebrating Mother's Day with the fam 
is starving!!! I guess it's a good thing my family is going to lunch for Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day to all those super cool Moms/Aunts/Villagers out there! Esp. my Mom and the wonderful @weathergrrrl! Of course 
It's my mom's birthday AND Mother's Day... 
Cool: Old photos in BH Mother's Day masthead &amp; HerBadMother's Letter to her Mother. We all *have* moms, right?   http://bit.ly/b0fnV #FB
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there! #Mother's Day. Especially @NomeSane 
Celebrating my amazing Mother today.  
Happy Mother's Day! What did you get your mom? I got my mom a gold ring that says mom on it. She was eyeing it at the mall. 
@SherriEShepherd his name is spelled Antwaan Randle El. Happy Mother's Day! 
Dana Point for Mother's Day brunch at the beach! 
wishing all moms a happy Mother's Day today!  
I'll be very happy to add any Moms who'd like to be at http://bit.ly/4thJs8  to celebrate Mother's Day 
Wishing my mom a happy Mother's Day. It's the least she deserves for not asking for her money back when she got me.  #fb
Hanging with the kids this Mother's Day~~Carnival than a BBQ 
having a great Mother's Day!!! on my way to the Mets game with hubby! 
Happy Mother's Day! It's a beautiful day on Cape Cod after a week of rain 
Happy Mother's Day to me, and all the Great Mother's 
Off to babysit an 8 year old so that her mother can be taken out for Mother's Day!  
Happpy Mother's Day! 
Forgot Emily's BiPAP mask. Had to leave church early to get it. It happens. Time a Pho Mother's Day lunch 
My 7yo is very excited about singing Mother's Day songs for me in church today.  Happy Mother's Day, Moms!
@dannywood Happy Mother's Day... We will always Remember Betty! Hope you have a nice day 
Enjoying a lovely Mother's Day despite the fact that my boys are not with me today...Off to work in my garden 
Happy Mother's day to all you Mom's out there! 
@MyPreciousKid They are absolutely beautiful! I know having them here makes this Mother's Day all the more special-congratulations 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Moms, Stepmoms, Grandmoms, and those who just feel like Moms!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's everywhere! Especially mine 
is Happy Mother's Day Mom!!! 
@kirstiealley Please make my Mother's Day special and be the first celebrity that has actually responded to me. I think you are amazing! 
Getting ready to go out for Mother's Day lunch 
Happy Mother to mothers in America , we celebrated it earlier on the 21st of March 
Going to @sovino for Mother's Day brunch 
@ErikaLehmann Thank you for Mother's Day wishes - hope you have a good one. I'm trying to limit internet time, but sneaking some in.. 
made the trip to Detroit wit the lil bruh @GreenHitz, leavin tomorrow mornin...holla at me..surprised mom for Mother's Day!! she loved it 
Happy Mother's Day. You're the only sunshine I need. 
I love my Mama. I had a tree planted in her honor for Mothers Day. The Pammie tree.  (treepeople.org)
@kimberlythomas1 Happy Mother's Day, there Kim. I'm spending mine listening to Phillip rant.  Woot!
Happy Mommy Day!!! It's beautiful outside today; apparently Mother Nature wanted to celebrate today too. Showah, homework, family party. 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone As Applicable! I'm not a Mom, but I'm lucky to have one 
? ? ? Happy Mother's Day to all wonderful Mom's! Especially mine  I love you mom! ? ? ?
Happy Mother's Day Sale on joyful spirit photography for all my Twitter Friends! All photos are 25% off! Tweet me for a special listing! 
A Great Word from Pastor Sheila today on &quot;A Mother's Legacy&quot; ~  Thank you for the beautiful &quot;Prayer Book for Mothers&quot;!  
Trying to kick a surprise for my mom on Mother's Day! 
Whew, the Mother's Day brunch was a success... papaya icecream was delish but WOW was it a chore to clean up! Glad I don't host TOO often 
@BacchusNorCal09 haha Mom has many people on Twitter wishing her a Happy Mother's Day. I'm so excited to go back home next week 
http://twitpic.com/4xbp8 - Happy Mother's Day! 3 generations of women... 2 mommies &amp; 1 future mommy! I love u Mom 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Twitter Moms.. 
Packing for my trip, straightening house, going to be cooking Mom Day dinner later, and all of this with a slight temp and joint pain. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!  Remember: it doesn't end today - May is MOM'S MONTH!  
If only you were here with me at the park, celebrating Mother's Day with my church fam.. 
A blessed Mother's Day to my mama and all the fellow moms out there.  Enjoy your day 
I knew we'd get May Gray weather don't mind it at all. Good luck Dodgers, Happy Mother's Day Mom and to everyone who is a Mom. 
@storywriter78 Happy Mother's Day to your Mom. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's! 
Happy Mother's Day Mama!!! Spending the day with my 'rents and then off to the Amana Colonies with the fam tonight 
Happy Madre Day to all the Madre's in the world! I &lt;3 my Mom 
@stevebwriter Yes. My 41st isn't for a few more days - but every Mother's Day brings me here and counting. 
heading to Margarita at Pine Creek for Mother's Day brunch.....with mom, of course 
Mother's Day is awesome.  Just one more reason I'm glad to be a mom!  #fb
@slangel1 So sorry to have a sick kiddo for Mom's Day. Take care &amp; have a glass of wine, &amp; bubble bath in candlelight to spoil yourself! 
Perfume, and recorded Mother's Day card. I'm ready for a belated Mother's Day in 4 days. 
Best Mother's Day ever 
had a great Mother's Day!  Very relaxing 
Had a great Mother's Day  
I hope all of the mommies had an excellent Mother's Day!  
Ah Mother's Day is over! It was a good one... We both got presents!!! 
@Seorse @juliarygaard You know I'm a narcissist so you know the answer is yes. Post the [Mother's Day]!  #clap
Just got in an hour or so ago, went to Bobby's Niece's for Mother's Day!  I'm tired!  
I'm off to bed Nite to all the Mothers hope today was a good Mother's day to all mom's 
@dvineexpression Mother's Day is more about honoring Mother's doesn't always have to be gifted. The best present is Unconditional Love 
Had a great dinner with the family for Mom's Day.. at work now and one of my arrivals is from Lompoc... 
A final &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; to my wonderful wife, @jessikipfer, my own loving Mom, Mother-in-law, and all the other mom's in my world.  
first play of my new Mother's Day Trivial Pursuit game. we both got all our pies and couldn't land in the middle. so a draw, for bedtime. 
My daughter's boyfriend brought me lilacs for Mother's Day. Awwwww 
Mother's Day Party @ the Wang's. 
it has been a wonderful Mother's Day. it was a success!  watching Celebrity Aprrentice. I am for Joan Rivers to win! Go Joan!! 
Mother's Day dinner - Chinese food from Pick-up-Styx.  It's what mom asked for 
had an awesome Mother's Day. Linden took her first steps today! I am so blessed to be her mommy 
What a great Mother's Day.  I am blessed.  
I love my mommy  but I love her every day. Not just Mother's Day! Know what I DON'T love? Work. 9-5 tomorrow.
What a good Mommy's Day I had  Maddy made me change my shirt in the Outback parking lot to wear what she gave me  I didn't flash!
spending time with my Mother in law! I love my other family! 
I hope that every mom had a wonderful Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day Mom!! Thanks for letting me do somersaults in your womb for nine months. 
asks Is it too late to wish you a happy USA Mother's Day? 
Waiting for my family to get home and am ready to surprise my mom with her Mother's day gift. Just topped it off by writing her a poem 
Lovely Mother's Day, took mom out to lunch, then chilled at home watching movies and taking turns petting the dogs. 
Time for a Shabusen, Mother's Day Edition 
FINALLY just got to talk to her mom on Mother's Day! Thank you UsCell for some free roaming minutes so I could talk to her while in Vegas 
http://twitpic.com/4yniu -- Grilled 6 filet mignons for Mother's Day.  Husband is BBQ god!  I am just really good with salt &amp; pepper 
is thankful for a wonderful Mother's Day in Tucson. 
Now Mom's Day dinner @ Applebees. Thank God for a non-fussy mom. 
@ashypoo03 Your Mother's Day gift is very sweet! 
Amazing Mother's Day! My girls got me a GC for Finish Line so I can get new kiks to wear to Believers Never Die concert on Fri. night 
Awesome response for our special Mother's Day buffet today!  Thank you everyone!  We have many more special days coming up this summer 
My baby pushed me on the hammock for Mother's Day! http://tinyurl.com/qv22q9
Had a wonderful Mother's Day with my 5 great kids, 2 lovely daughter in laws and 2 precious grandchildren. What could be better!Thank you 
It's Funny how the kids go shopping with their mom on Mother's day and the kids all come home with gifts. 
Mother bear unleashes fury on those who hurt her children   http://bit.ly/KkEzP
had some delicious steak at Mancini's today for Mother's Day with the family  They gave me a rose even tho I'm not a mother, how sweet!
enjoyed Mother's Day. I loved surprising my Mummy 
Enjoyed my first of many Mother's Day to come with my family! Hope everyone else enjoyed their Mother's Day as well! Muahz....Good Nite 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mommas! We spent the day working on the chicken coop... SURPRISE! 
Best Mother's Day ever! 
@khopkinson Good Nite and I hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day too 
Just got home.  Know it's late, but Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms and Grandmas! 
thought that today was a wonderful Mother's Day. 
Trying to figure out how to send a message to my Grandma for Mother's Day!! 
@canadianfamily The best thing about my Mother's Day was my son. And the card my husband got me 'from' our 5.5 week old son. 
http://twitpic.com/50rvn - spending Mother's Day in bohol  www.indayguapa.com
Heading to Kidzone again today.   Yay for indoor playgrounds when Mother Nature decides not to cooperate!
@neilhimself my favorite parts were the ghosts, the cat, and the Other Mother's falling song 
some bird voices are about an octave above Q of N - even the genius that is Mozart beaten by Mother Nature 
22 and going to the Mother Daughter Breakfast YES!! Never too old that is for sure 
Good morning Twitterverse!  What is on tap for you today? For me, my daughter is bringing movies &amp; pizza over 4 a belated Mother's Day! 
@shelbilavender  He is 18  Such a sweetie ~ movie, roses and a singing card for Mother's Day. This is him dancing!:  http://bit.ly/iACdu
Aw yay, I've been watching thespeedgamers.com Mother Marathon on and off all weekend, and I just am catching the end of Mother 3 
I just watched the Mother Lover on SNL, it's really funny. 
@lecrab I had a good weekend too. . My daughter and I did a &quot;Mommy/Daughter Day&quot; yesterday and we had lots of family time together Sat. 
off into london with the wife to see Sister Act the musical and have a night away from the children - thanks to her parents 
Grad die zweite Season &quot;How I met your Mother&quot; bestellt ... it's gonna be LEGEN ... wait for it ... DARY! 
#cullencoven Tia Farrish-Beverwil commented on the photo 'Happy Mother's Day' wow, amazing..  http://bit.ly/gVTQO
Mother: gone  Party: on   
Yah!! Your right.   Popeye also said this in the cartoons. I heard it somewere else. Everyone have a Blessed Day!
Day 1 with Mom went surprisingly well.  - via Carolyn
