Most common words for this cluster:
[('mouth', 332), ('tongue', 93), ('lips', 51), ('ulcer', 20), ('hurts', 17), ('burnt', 14), ('gum', 11), ('roof', 11), ('penis', 11), ('taste', 11), ('tounge', 10), ('pizza', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'mouth', 0.8908509612083435), (u'lips', 0.7080197334289551), (u'mouths', 0.6772835850715637), (u'tongue', 0.6720596551895142), (u'nose_itches', 0.6211192011833191), (u'butthole', 0.6187019944190979), (u'drool_dripping', 0.6160029172897339), (u'nostrils', 0.6146859526634216), (u'p_*_ssy', 0.6059467196464539), (u'nose', 0.6054198145866394)]





I have chapped lips, boo 
What's the best way to eat reheated pizza I keep trying to eat this one but it's too hot and makes my mouth be in pain 
back from dentist  mouth is numb and it's all shitty.... fucking fillings 
ouch i bit the side of my mouth 
auuwwwww my mouth is hurting 
@gauravity Sounds like how my mouth and stomach gang up on me wrt tea, too. 
@simsbiz *OUCH*  I've smashed it so hard bad words came out of my mouth and it was jet black &amp; sore for months
My mouth is now on fire 
I'm assuming &quot;getting use 2 braces&quot; means waiting for scar tissue to form around the inside of my lips and cheeks so I can sleep at night 
http://twitpic.com/3l37i - @dangerradio i have a small mouth by default. i dont have to try 
me and my big mouth. this is so upsetting 
@bellalamb mouth still hurts 
My teeth is killing me.. I can't feel my mouth 
@anneheathen yep, no breathing through the nose, need to breathe through the mouth...can get annoying when it takes a while 
is thinking about taking her tongue stud out.. because it hurts + ulcers 
just burnt my windpipe on pasty owwy 
i burnt my tongue 
i burned my tongue 
has now got the taste of a tangle twister or loop the loop in my mouth. Not sure which it is but I have neither so it's useless 
Anyone get mouth ulcers? or know anything about them? I have one and its very sore 
I just realized how bad I suck at tap yap. 
burnt my tongue... 
i yawned so hard that the gum in my mouth fell out 
i yawned so hard that the gum in my mouth fell out  (via @xmimmie)
My mouth really hurts after i managed to bite a chunk out of it yesterday. 
sniff! my tongue is sore 
The most annoying mesquito bites are the ones on my eyelids or lips. 
Just burnt my mouth on pizza 
I have a mouth ulcer on my tongue and it hurts. 
My mouth tastes like poor choices. 
got a mouth ulcer thats really starting to get on my nerves now, it hurts 
headache, bad sleep, and a funny taste in my mouth. I hope I'm not getting sick 
Just burned my tongue. It hurts now. 
@toritos i always burn my tongue on hotpockets 
is dry in the mouth.      http://plurk.com/p/rp7gs
@VForIvan owie  i had an operation in my mouth a few weeks ago. tis painful, yesh?
And then two huge girls sit next to me and eat hamburgers with their mouth open 
If god didn't want me drinking soda, why did he make it so delicious  like an orgasm in my mouth
I don't know why I'm putting this in my mouth.  There's a reason why I never order mabo tofu and this is it.  
@ccthedj shush ur mouth woman!!! 
I can't stop thinking the worst possible news about this job... Stressin so bad I got the sores in my mouth... It hurts to eat 
i burned the top of my mouth ouchies 
@cesarnoel yap i should do have that 
The scariest sound I have ever heard is that of a power tool inside my mouth. I hate going to the dentist. 
thinks the elbow to my mouth as delivered by @tangieb has made me hideous. No more dancing for us 
@connscious I have penis envy. 
@RimaDarling i hope i didnt make u sick. i covered my mouth everytime i coughed, wallah i did, you saw me. 
My mouth tastes funny 
can hardly breath, can hardly swallow, cant breathe at all through my mouth, my ear hurts like hell... imma go cry now 
@understandblue I'm sticking my tongue out @ u! I guess if I can tweet, I can roll outta bed 
Calling myself daddy just made me throw up in my mouth a little. 
@tequilakitty i think i just puked in my mouth a little 
i have an ulcer in my mouth  it is annoying me greatly
sometimes....I need to learn to keep my mouth shut 
I burnt the roof of my mouth on my pizza today and i really hurts 
feeling sick, sweaty, dry mouth, tired 
my mouth feels numb. too much candy i guess. 
I just burnt my mouth with tea 
mom's jaw still hurting.. can't even open her mouth by an inch! poor mommy.. 
Oh my god, I can neither breathe trough my mouth or nose 
Oh my god, I can neither breathe through my nose or mouth 
has a sore mouth 
laughing too much hurts the mouth 
my mouth hurttttts  at the dentisit getting xrays
 Just had my penis shortened
Also, my nipple flaps arnt stitched down 
@lilyroseallen i had two inside a 1664 can, stung my tongue, pas bon 
Aching gums 
Is having teeth forcibly taken out of her mouth. 
I bit my tongue so hard it woke me up! Owwww 
Massive ulcer in my mouth, made it difficult to eat and talk, if you know me, then that is like reay tragic 
ouch.....my tongue still seems to be suffering from when I burnt it making drinking tea painful...  
My mouth is all numb as just been to the dentist  it feels weird
@Nixster27 my mouth, justy had 2 teeth pulled and its all sore and bruised 
sleeping  i had a operation in my mouth - very unpleasant
back from dentist. mouth hurts more than before I went there, meh. 
Awww damn it. I burned the roof of my mouth on hot pizza again 
Why do my lips keep getting dry 
My lips might fall off 
@onelifetaketwo Yes, well, too bad I didn't have enough liquid courage to ask him if he was seeing anybody or stick my tongue in his ear. 
dying.  mouth surgery tomorrow.  
@TylerBrown7 is not excited about getting surgery tomorrow    jacked up mouth 
Ugh I just bit my tongue. 
You are saved but can you say the same for your mouth 
Ouch...sunburnt lips.  
My tongue still hurts.  I need to sleep!!!
facebook quizzes are one cure of boredom haha, my teeth/mouth hurts 
@antwanduncan ew, tongue kiss 
ucler!!! I got 2 big ones in my mouth 
Mouth hurts 
ive very picky about what i put in my mouth. i hate onions. they make me cry  )
Just burned my tongue!! 
My mouth hurts from this stupid retainer!! 
i burned my tongue!  @ workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk,
four shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numb, booo.
just went to the dentist my mouth hurts and I can't eat until 8 
i'm sunburnt on my arms, and i have burnt my mouth, and some skin is coming off 
I got overexcited about pizza and burned my mouth. 
In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long 
I'm so freaking afraid that once again I've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . . 
Ouchhhhhh I burnt my frkn tongue 
@risforkickin just touched my penis 
@Ravenari  OHNOZ mouth ulcers are 100 kinds of wicked 
has a sore mouth 
keeping my mouth shut is hard 
My braces are cutttting my mouth  I need my wires cut.
I got hit in the mouth though 
i think i have a wide tongue. everytime i sneeze it gets hurt 
her lips are covered in blisters. it's disgusting! and now my cat might be sick 
I've had so many cough drops in the last few days I've lost all taste in my mouth 
says sayang ung tongue's workshop  huhuhuhu. http://plurk.com/p/x7azr
Maybe i shouldn't drink anymore. It makes me wake up thinking about him...and missing his lips 
Not feeling well think i have a fever  hopefully i'm feeling better later so i can get my tongue pierced!
My lips so so chapped  whomever too my carmex (both of them) is so wrong and will be going to hell.
@marcszablewski well, i dunno. i haven't heard from him. (the spider) hahahaha so maybe...unless he crawled into my mouth 
my gums are itchy 
i hate chapped lips 
Ulcers all over my mouth... :@ 
watching taken anyone seen it? Just burnt my mouth on coffee 
why is it that grapes dry out your mouth?  x
Wishing i didn't get dry mouth from my new meds.  
my tongue is burnt  ouch!!
Ouch burnt my tongue 
Biting my tongue. 
@raylinenicole @DelilahILWU13    I'm going to bed. I'll get this foot out of my mouth tomorrow.  
so i have to put this tray in mouth for 5 minutes each night, and it's really starting to irritate my gum 
And to top it all off, my lips are sooo chapped their starting to split. Even with the use of chap stick 
@corsakti I think it more uncomfortable around the nipple 
I kinda miss my tongue ring . 
I have the most nastiest taste in my mouth and it won't go away. 
@dontforgetchaos eeeww abit of vomit came into my mouth at the very idea of that particular threesome - thanks for planting that thought 
Gahhhh. I think I should've kept my mouth shut! 
i should really only say about 1/3 of what comes out of my mouth 
I burnt my tongue. 
I burned my tongue 
@cdrmb700 yap.   (and it was quite expensive)
augh why ?!!! i think i have another tumor in my mouth. it's been almost 12 years since the last 
@Bewitched010 @sxyscorpio.  mouth infection...sigh, antibiotics
I bit my tounge while chewing gum. it's sore now. 
just opened my mouth and insert my foot and chewed really hard!    hoping I can make ammends
@Geocara But now my mouth doesn't feel glorious  I guess everything that tastes/feels good is a sin...
burnt my tongue on tea 
mouth ulcers suck 
I am a complete dumbass; just licked a knife and cut my tongue 
ouchhhhh... not good when you bite your tongue bar !!!!!! 
ouchhhhh... not good when you bite your tongue bar !!!!!!  (via @kat_n). Owwwwww I don't have one but tgat would hurt owwwwwwwww
my tongue is burny... 
keeps stuffing plum tablet candy in my mouth bcos my mouth taste like nth but desert. dry &amp; tasteless! 
@mforbeck I know. It wasn't even a bad hit. Just a broken jaw. But the nerve damage meant he couldn't open and close his mouth. 
open mouth, insert foot. 
@ameonna10 huhuh  my precious chocolate. ive been waiting ages for it to jump off its wrapper and fall unto my mouth!
Just got back from the orthodontist, now my mouth is sore 
My mouth tastes like pennies 
ugh. i cant breath out of my nostrils 
loose lips sink ships 
I don't think my little rat (Haploid) can figure out how to get the water dispenser to work...his little tongue isn't strong enough. 
Has a really bad mouth ulser on his bottom lip and it's really getting me down!  
ow. my mouth was NOT healed enough to take on gobstoppers 
I should never ever smile while food is in my mouth. 
oh my, just took paracetomol and as i was taking the last one, i couldn't swallow it and it pure melted in my mouth, yuckkk 
@muSicFienDkiCks my mouth is hurting for u 
@kidKINO FINEEE. i'll just keep pretending i have a penis. 
My mouth is numb 
I burnt my tounge 
@drhogie shut your whore mouth 
i just burned my tongue 
have a mouth ulcer AND a sore back - what did I do to deserve this?! 
Goshh I hate when I put chapstick in the washer by accident  my lips are not dingling...
@Jollyeo lol.. my tongue felt weird after eating there.. 
i hate it when my lips is dry. it hurts 
@syairah pimpleites is my word for a massive pimple. I have one on my chin 
just had my first filling my mouth is so numb little miss chatterbox cant speak  so much spit
Just but my tongue 
My jaw is on fire... I guess that is what happens when they drill holes in your mouth. 
I burnt my tongue 
I think I've had too many....my tongue is sore :\ 
My dog is in so much trouble! She ate my $300 mouth guard!  Now I'm guard-less...
My tongue ulcer is getting biiiiiiiggerrrrr! I swear. It's effing painful. 
eating salt and vineger chips that are really vinergary its burning my mouth! 
still waiting, ergh. mouth is sore 
my gums are throbbing 
huge lump on forehead. walked into door. sounds ridiculous but it's true. 
has woken up with unbelievably bad hayfever this morning . itchy mouth , itchy eyes , runny nose  , blocked ears .. yuckety yuk yuk yuk 
never just put a berocca in your mouth withoit the water. owww 
My mouth is sore.. is seems the skin is tearing cuz I accidentally placed something hot into my mouth.. 
@Robbstar normal food...except I might have to spend more time trying to open my mouth to put food inside..somehow my jaw is affected 
fucking hay fever makes my lips go dry. 
I have an ulcer at the back of my mouth. It hurts 
Ugh ugh ugh ugh cider mouth! 
mouth sore is killing me 
i realised that the one tonsil that keeps swellin up is cos of a new back tooth having no space, so it fights the rest of my mouth   
@chermayneugenia it hurts really bad. like a swell on my tongue now. and can see the cut there, bout 1.5cm  i have phobia of suga d 
@priscx ouch. and i've got a pimple thingie on my tongue 
jus leaving the orthodontics getting more spacers put in the back of my mouth 
Haha so I just had dish soap in my mouth  don't even ask long story short some how some soap ended at rim of my cup
Mouth won't stop fucking bleeding. 
I burnt my tongue on some lava 
i always wake up with random cuts/worn down spots in my mouth. i can't finish my subway sandwich cuhs it hurts 
my tongue is really sore 
@galindafied he had to get a few teeth pulled &amp; had to be sedated during the procedure. Now he's drugged out and his mouth is sore 
i just burnt my mouth on chinese food 
on no!!  i've cut the roof of my mouth....
oh no!!  i've cut the roof of my mouth....
I wish my mouth would stop bleeding. I need food 
 i burn my tounge
my lips are chapped 
I'm going to have a very numb mouth at mater dei's confirmation. I hate cavities 
pampering my lips. so red and chapped 
Ahhh.. It's disappeared... But i'm shattered    I'll just make sure my mouth is closed. Nightz.
I stick out my lips when i dance.. 
@henzz0521 thank you for all the support! my larynoscopy was ok, they put the camera thru my mouth and not my nose. still can't sing. 
@MacyCan i dont have a green penis 
chapped lips are the worst. 
ouch i have a cut in my mouth 
@sanasaleem mouth waters @ 3.1 mb per second but ppl say its only half that speed in actual testing 
my mouth is like ulcer city 
eeeeeeeewwww! all i can taste in my mouth is hospital; i'm almost puking! 
has been shoppin ... mouth really aches still 
A teddy bear hit my mouth 
Braces suck; they cut up your tongue. 
My lips hurt 
I really need to stop sneezing out my mouth- my throat is on fire 
My mouth is watering I'm so thirsty and the yankees lost 
ive burnt my tongue 
My tounge's blue 
The gum that I'm chewing is too juicy. I can't even sing without worrying bout whether or not it's going to fall out of my mouth. 
My mouth is so sore  ouch ouch ouch.
 Maybe I should just keep my mouth shut cause afterall I am second.
ughh i scratched the roof of myy mouth &amp;&amp; it hurts.  watchingg enough again lol.
why did I just eat a red pepper for fun. no more dares please. mouth is still burning 
i have my tongue pierced? but there wayy common nowadays 
@ckapo I want something sweet in my mouth 
My ear hurts along with my mouth now. 
i burnt my tongue. 
@drcharlii hey dr. charli can i make an appointment on um monday, i have a uh flesh eating bacteria disease  *has thermomture in mouth*
@drcharlii hey dr. charli can i make an appointment on um monday, i have a uh flesh eating bacteria disease  *has thermomture in mouth*
burnt my tongue 
just bit my tongue 
glarghle i bit my tongue 
Me and my big mouth! 
chewing on some hard gumball. mai jaw hurtz 
@DivineUnbroken walkers were tryin that ... really... was very eeww.. left a weird aftertaste in your mouth too 
ulcer on tongue. sore throat. cant speak properly bcos it's painful 
i have a mouth ulcer 
i just bit my tongue 
just burnt my tongue, ouch 
My mouth is 1 hour early 
Still sick though, my mouth and throat is torturing me!!! hmmp i cant even have gd meal, always hungry and i lost 4kg due 2 tis 
is dying of bad mouth ulcers... 
@juhidee119 i'm just tryin to eat less..not that i eat much..i just gain weight with every bit of food i get into my mouth 
i burnt my tounge 
@IVIXIX I'm not emo  my mouth is just out of order!
I just tweezed a large pebble out of my goldfish's mouth/throat. I know he's a little vacuum but I don't know how he got that in there... 
my lips are so chapped they're bleeding 
If I keep my tongue in my mouth might as well go ahead and get me to the convent 
my lips are chapped right now 
My mouth is bleeding  ouch
it's a torture eating with a swollen ulcer on tongue. 
Trying to heal a big sore in my tongue 
my eyes keep having this burning sensation but each time i pop the thermometer into my mouth, its normal. am i falling sick? 
feels a lil sucky. Mouth hurts, ear hurts. now brain hurts...  sighs
burnt my tongue  paiiinnnful.
i am sick of that stupid penis in mouth following me 
I've pretty much come to the conclusion that this cut on the side of my mouth will never heal unless I can stop talking and eating. 
Mouth is killing  cant even think bout working missin benjii 
burnt my tongue 
hate going to the dentist... i cant feel half of my mouth, and i keep biting my tongue 
mouth ulcers... due to change of sleeping cycle 
@SilverSquare I chew gum too vigorously. It makes my mouth tired so  I must refrain. 
mouth is no longer frozen!!but my jaw hurts real bad still  and the dentists cut my gums!!! OWIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mouth hurts more then ever 
i hav a fat toungue 
ouch    trying to recover from a tooth filling. my mouth feels huge and droopy and i cant feel my lips. i am such a wuss. but it hurts 2!
cut the top of her mouth.. trying not to cry 
Just got stitches in my mouth. I'm in so much pain 
sand from my bag on my redbull can  ergh i dont want sand in my mouth.
Ahhh my mouth kills, dont make me get my widsom teeth out 
@alphabitch Ugh... I think I threw up a little in my mouth... 
my mouth is wanting to turn down  . . . discovered i have another paper due tomorrowwww, that makes 2 now ughhh &amp; i failed 2 quizzes.
awake but have 'orrible taste in mouth + hedache  -I'll grab something for that in a mo
says it's raining hard. I'm afraid that I may get disconnected  http://plurk.com/p/11burr
Ugh, what's wrong with my lips? 
@HeatherDancer I've had sore gums lately because of the nightnurse 
@LondonEater I think it makes good toast but you need to eat it carefully because it can rip your mouth apart otherwise 
I have a red dot on the side of my mouth 
my crisps are too crunchy, my office is too quite. What do I do with the one in my mouth  BUGGER!
this bloody ulcer on my tongue is killing me  I think I need to have a week off....
blew up 4 mini balloons and my cheeks hurt!!!!! hurts to talk. cant. open. mouth. 
My Mouth hurts from getting my braces tightened  painful experience !!! 
I burnt my tongue 
my mouth is so painful 
Ahh someone told me I had a dirty mouth, I shall resist! 
missed mouth whilst drinking-now need to change pjs-all wet 
@natalieeeg actually, i did! i dont think they sell the gum or dunkaroos anymore  and as for the leak... i'm still working on it ;)
Too many shots in my mouth this morning. Four is too much too handle once the numbness goes away. 
@stephiepooh Yay!! I'm down, but after my mouth is heeled. Hurts if I jump or walk too fast, my cheeks jiggle 
Ugh, it was just nasty. WAAAAYYYYY too much tongue!! 
My wela punched me in the mouth  why wela why
I just scorched my tongue biting into a spam sandwich 
Mouth &amp; nose still hurt 
My tongue needs to defrost 
I shouldn't have opened my big fat mouth. Now he's mad at me 
Wow, I went to take a sip of water and completely missed my mouth...now my organic chemistry book is all wet 
My lips really, really hurt right now.  Apparently nectarines have an even stronger effect than apples. 
@MzDeDaze Aww that sucks  And damn... it's like his lips were permanently attached to souls lips O.o
My mouth hurts...stupid mouth-guard! 
@basherlock I burnt my lip on a pizza hot pocket today .. It left a bad taste  in my mouth and a bad owie on my mouth !! 
@screamr really, really dry mouth 
I have too many lips and i'm chewing on them all. 
aww my phone buzzed and my stomach flew out of my mouth. it was just a message 
burnt my tongue 
i have a mouth ulcer that's spread to my tongue, can barely talk, feel like crying its so sore 
just left the doc.. I've hand foot mouth disease! 
my gums are bleeding. 
@shannonzhang no lar! don't put words into my mouth hor~ is my bloated tummy, pimples etc. that are making me unhappy! &gt; 
@AndreaExMarie haha yup!  I would die without lip injections, I've got baby lips natrually  it's $600 every 4 months.. do it!!
Mouth is still numb from having ANOTHER filling 
feeling like a monkey, big lips  a mosquito bite me in the superior lip   
The blood blister thing in my mouth is killing me 
got my root canal! the laughing gas didnt make me laugh  now the right side of my mouth and nose is numb. it sounds funny when i talk haha
burnt the roof of my mouth 
Has got a bad tongue. 
@thefatrat i have been snacking on pretzels, now my mouth is dry 
I need to grow my penis out 
my lips are so dry, need a good lip balm.. any suggestions? 
I MUST learn how to hold my tongue. I speak to freely. Its  gift and a curse 
@KillerKara ouch! hope You didn't hurt Your precious mouth or tongue. 
fuck, im stupid. i has a safty pin in my mouth.. and it stabbed into the roof of my mouth. 
.. the hot choco burnt my tongue. too late when i realized that it really was hot 
Seriously....can you PLEASE spit your gum in the trashcan????  This time I stepped in gum on the train and it is stuck to my high heel. 
samson has been licking so much that one side of his tongue is bright red 
got fucked in the mouth X.x $40 parking ticket 
I totally burned the roof of my mouth on my dinner 
I hate burning the roof of my mouth on pizza.  It's totally worth it though!
So irritated by that trashy mouth! 
My mouth is sore  stupid braces!
sore mouth  haha
@kriskendal  it's so confusing for your mouth 
i have a burnt tounge. 
Going to see skin specialist on my cracked lips 
Not doing well this morning  face swollen. Mouth really hurts   
I'm upset because I have two of the worst ulcers ever in my mouth and all of the frosted flakes are gone  how disappointing.
crying.... Because my mouth is hurting from having mi wisdom teeth removed n being stitched up in my mouth 
I think I have an ulcer thingy in my mouth  bring on the bonjela !
Mouth being numbed, but still not looking forward to my filling  left side of my face is drifting off.
my teeth are sore...cant eat without feeling like i got punched in the mouth 
no solids diet for a bit. my poor mouth 
@KcNays haha shut your dirt nasty mouth! LOL i'm so clever! I would go but i can't afford it....boo 
She does eat with her mouth open though   Lonelyandroid ):
Just got back from the dentist....my mouth is still numb! 
why is it that when i bite my tongue it is never okay. Its always violent and bloody.. ouch 
At the dentist with numbing cream in my mouth. I hate needles 
I think a homeless person took a bath in my mouth while I was sleeping 
my mouth hurts so bad from the dentist 
I just burnt my tongue on pizza and now I have a massive roof-of-mouth blister 
(925): I think a homeless person took a bath in my mouth while I was sleeping 
i have a potty mouth 
i hate when my lips chap up! 
I miss his lips,I miss his kiss ...damn I miss **** ,  y is he so far away 
burnt my tongue 
@gayrei was expecting pix of disabled tongue. 
my lips are chapped 
ack! chapped lips are so unattractive 
i'm hungry, but i'm too tired and my mouth is too sore anyway. fail. 
what a bad taste in mouth..my shipping of 400d delayed 
I burnt the top of my mouth and it really hurts 
mum just told me to taste her cooking and promptly stuck a burning chopstick in my mouth  not cool mother.
have a hair trapped in the back of my mouth that I can't reach 
i just can't believe joe saids that  i know i know, it was obvious. But It hurts more it to listen to his own mouth.
@natybaby and I'm staying with mom dukes still and its hard to sneak out dancing without hearing her mouth 
@amfergie cause my lips hurt 
Just licked an envelop and gave my tongue a paper-cut! 
I bit my tongue yesterday... I can feel a pice of it hanging loose.... ewwww and it hurts! 
owww i just burnt tounge 
Just had catonese chicken and my mouths on fire 
pollen tastes better from the mouth of a bee shame i hav hay fever 
Has a nasty taste in my mouth. 
just bit her tounge 
@reHAB_ I need penis I know 
I have a supermalt like taste in my mouth 
my mouth feels like i just got my braces on 
Goodness with the mouth surgery I already have to have in two weeks they just found a tumor in my mouth 
I always burn my tongue when I eat soup. 
@swear_bot omg  I'm sorry I know its a bad habit and unlady like ... I promise I'm going to try my hardest to stop having a potty mouth
Just burned my tongue on my green team 
@skyllo lol bb i love your lips  I am jealous
I really have a potty mouth 
@RentalSpotDog you made me eat with a toothpick.  no fork for you!
@nekronurse nurS lauren I have body aches, I'm hot &amp; have cotton mouth 
Fml I have coffee boobs  why do I always miss my mouth?
I just been dentist and had a flamin drill stuck in my mouth i cant flamin taste anything he didnt even give me an anostestic 
now my mouth tastes really bad 
My mouth is cut up from my braces. I can't wait to get this metal out of my mouth. 
I just yawned, and my gum fell out of my mouth. I should still be sleeping    #fb
now I have weird gums 
ouch! I cut the top of my mouth 
waiting for this torture in my mouth to be over .. cant even eat toast 
has an extremely sore mouth ! 
@MobiMom I don't know if the sodium will do your tummy or possible cotton mouth any good 
ulcer on tongue sucks ttm &gt; 
dang it i didnt put my bands in   now my mouth is goin to hurt..
@DavidBedwell yes there cutting into my lips 
My gums hurt! 
i am suffering from mouth ulcers 
vagina..i have vagina..pretty one too..yess yess vagina..come over how long it take for you to get here i have to work 
i burned the roof of my mouth 
not to mention my mouth.. This new thing on my brace really kills my mouth/lips. And dropping a lamp on it didnt help.. 
i have hurt my tongue 
@pcowles sorry about my dirty mouth 
i burnt my tounge on cheese. 
My gums hurt. 
@MsAnnMarieRios did you ever find out what putting your tongue on the back of your mouth does, I know what it does for me, but not sexual 
why is bacon soo salty?? my gums are hurting 
@bradhfh you suck penis!!!! 
I burnt my tongue on popcorn 
Ulcer in my mouth 
my mouth is so cut up.  i fucking hate braces. cant wait til i get them off! gahh! it really hurts.
just bit my tongue. it hurts 
has a mouth ulcer and is feeling very grumpy today 
I have a bad tongue! It's aching 
WahHHhH I burnt my tongue    It feels like a rugg
I bit my tongue  ow, it hurts!
my tongues sore 
now the left side of my mouth is burning 
@PKDequalslegend my vagina is bleeding i think i'm having a period 
I just accidentaly elbowed andrew in the mouth 
omgosh, i have the most painful mouth ulcer ever 
@Allieandra sorry  must sleep before foot permanently lodges in mouth 
i cut the top of my mouth 
just decided that i'm going to work on my potty-mouth. it's unattractive. my phone's being silly. sorry if i don't answer if you call! 
I dont care anymore. It wasnt my fault. He should have kept his mouth shut 
My mouth still hurts 
Sitting here. Just got 3 fillings in my mouth 
@JaymeROXann @danwickline I didn't get any teeth at all till I was one. I didn't get any cavaties till my mid-20s. Mouth is a mess now. 
i can feel the stitches in my mouth - yucky 
I have one of those cuts in my mouth I cant stop rubbing my tongue against 
My mouth is offically numb haha ehh 
opening up starburst with ur mouth- tired tounge 
I burnt my mouth on pizza!! 
@BurpieJ why do u hv such a potty mouth- so unattractive. 
And my tongue is burnt too, and my lips  use sunscreen guys!
i bit my tongue trying to get my pj's on.. 
has a really sore ulcer in my mouth  hopefully tomoz will bring happiness
drinking water with lemon burns my poor chapped lips  lol how poetic!
@RachelOaktree your boifriend said he had a vagina and a penis 
Eugh. I got gum on my boot 
Oh no my jaw is cracking. This is going to make for awkard hotdog eating. 
I got to see my girl for 3 seconds today  YES!!!!!! (as sarcasm leaks from the corners of my mouth) 
my lips are chapped! 
So my OMFS doc is making me wear a mouth splint. I look like a total idiot. 
holyshit! so bored!! and have a major numbed mouth 
has suchhh a sore mouth 
@knitwits1 in pain  swilling my mouth out in salt water, ewwwwwwwwww
 i just sneezed with a strepsil in my mouth and nearly choked (n)
eurgh i feel sooooooo rough :| and my mouth's dead sore 
Numbing has gone, feel really sore now, when i open my mouth i can feel my stitches tug 
http://twitpic.com/8de4k - we had a contest to see who could hold water in their mouth the longest lol...i miss them 
@ashesturner  I kept my mouth shut.  I dont need another bad review. 
I have a big ulcer on my tongue  not happy!
i aimed the hairspray wrong and it went in my mouth and now i feel sick 
@olivosartstudio I think the chapped lips were more bothersome than the nosebleeds 
@colorofviolence yay  i'm happy for you guys....now hurry up and spit out the next one 
my cat is happy so she's drooling from 3 places of her mouth. I love felix 
@CityMommySLC I *heart* the boob tube 
i wish i could shut my playboy mouth 
@craigy1 dirty mind, dirty mouth. You'll realize this at the tweetup 
@SaphInfection Wait, that didn't come out right either. I'm going to blame it on the giggles, and blush, and shut my mouth. 
2 hands and 1 mouth - now thts a real DRINKING PROBLEM  
@annie_silly :O *takes soap and washes out silly's mouth* now we're equal 
@SheepishSam Yes, my tongue was firmly in my cheek when I linked to that... 
@aahshulee not too sad...i have coffee  and i realized two bites into my pizza that the mysterious stuff was eggplant...my mouth is itchy
@LiZAmtl I have some sort of facination with his mouth too 
@nikhilnarayanan biz feeds the mouth, politics feeds the mind! 
@ReSonProduction shut ya bloodclot mouth lol  @PsycheTorres  i know....sad
@juliaflint Absolutely - but if your lips glow in the dark, cut back a little.. 
@JaylaStarr my mouth is desiring your wetness now baby. (LOTION!!!!) 
i have a cut mouth because of my lovely stepbrother 
@MariechenxD yap WE are great 
IYou can win more friends w/ your ears than w/ your mouth...so..how's thigns going for you?  
@akaredz you got nice lips 
@dougedey yep... close your mouth 
@AHughess Your mouth is full of shit though. 
@RhianCFord swine won't touch these lips of mine 
@pinche_eric wish u werre here to stuff ur fist in my mouth so i can throw up 
@mantia a mouth for sure 
@mike9r I like the green in mentions tav better than the blue  #beak
@travelling_wolf good morning potty mouth 
@myinkyfingersAU he is! and he has an adorable potty mouth too. 
forms nearlly done and the lolly in my mouth is defently helping 
@kittie86 *pinches cheeks* that'll plump it back up  hehe
@hankrearden73 she is really a joke to me...and I have read about her and nothing of substance comes out of her mouth..conservative pal 
I hate not being able to breathe through my nose!! Mouth breathing like someone hahaha 
@hellsquookie Awwww Quookkkkieeeeee! (((huggggsss))) So glad I can bring a little grin to those lips . 
@tsarnick seriously dad..you have a potty mouth!   *laughs*
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/5d2qj - is harry aware that the microphone should be pointing to his mouth? 
@tomirdenton Maybe you should keep your mouth closed. 
appendectomies through the mouth 
@DitaVonTeese For your sake, I hope not...remember: &quot;one minute on your lips...forever on your hips&quot;   haha 
@jpmizdelicious http://twitpic.com/5esmm - makes mouth happy 
@TheKyleWest there is a built-in ladder jerk. I hope small insect crawl into your mouth when you sleep. 
@malinthe yap... still it seems like twitterfox is the one for me!  @kalinga @wmharshana @samurailk
@davenavarro6767 cozy and cute.  i feel like there should be embroidered blood drooling from the bunny mouth 
@KiwiiKink But she seems to have his mouth, hehe 
@ashaysmilies my lips are zipped shut 
I got this giant thing on the inside of my mouth. If I didn't know better, I'd think a pimple was growing inside my lips. 
@markdurling only my penis 
mouth is so sore from laughing while watching intimate notes 
@johnhood Don't they just .... Mouth watering has commenced ... 
@JulienCoquet Are you questioning my awesomeness?  The cheek! 
@VanDiemensLand_ I think i just vomited in my mouth a little bit.... 
