Most common words for this cluster:
[('movie', 1041), ('movies', 382), ('film', 156), ('lol', 60), ('hollywood', 49), ('http', 43), ('night', 39), ('na', 37), ('horror', 36), ('films', 34), ('u', 34), ('amp', 33)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'movie', 0.9267586469650269), (u'movies', 0.8369352221488953), (u'film', 0.8065435290336609), (u'films', 0.7531893253326416), (u'moive', 0.7153649926185608), (u'Woody_Allen_steamiest', 0.6993646025657654), (u'Guy_Ritchie_Revolver', 0.699043333530426), (u'MediaBlvd_How', 0.685177206993103), (u'MovieRetriever', 0.6822474002838135), (u'Masand_Verdict', 0.6818843483924866)]





stupid movies we watched... mirrors ugggggh... stooopeeed!!! rip off! 
is at Beso in Hollywood... so tired 
@crummyasshole i don't like that they only had him in the first movie  cillian murphy is hot 
I hate converting movies just to put em on my itouch 
why won't anyone enjoy pretty films with me 
@mokshjuneja  A good movie (premier) would cheer me up!
rented 4 movies, gotz popcorn...now have to work then watch them later 
@tommcfly i have to still read eclipse as well! don't watch twilight the movie though if you want to keep liking the books. movie's bad 
is sitting at home, copying presentation notes onto index cards. would rather be eating movie popcorn and ogling zefron. 
just watched marley and me...such a sad movie! 
did not enjoy his movie. 2 thumbs down 
@ianozsvald ageed but tarnished slightly with the sequels 
Just watched Seven Pounds...How sad is that film 
@TheMandyMoore I want to watch dedication! but can't find it in stores  great movie by the way!
@sorcha69 I liked the idea behind it but yeah it wasn't well done but think that about most horror movies 
is sad she can't go to the movie's with her bff 
Getting ready to leave the studio. Probably watch a movie or something. No car tonight 
Just watched Changeling.. amazing but incredibly sad film 
just got back from the movies! i need to go to allisons but she wont call me 
@SelenaFans its over now  but i watched it. its one of my favorite movies
@lovemarguerite oh i saw a preview for the movie that's being made from that book! so sad 
awe i have never seen my dad cry at a movie before. that movie was a killer. i would die if i had to do that to one of my dogs. 
No good movies 
@reedes - yes, but it was better than the 2008 Australian film I just watched then. :/ And less than 1/12 the length. I is depressed. 
I do not do well with horror films 
IF the reports are correct..that father of the Slumdog actor trying to sell his daughter...good grief. 
went through the script many times. Wish I was young enough to pass for 16, its a great script 
twilight movie is shit! 
@MrBenzedrine i saw that trailer a few days ago. i think ill be let down by this film  read the synopsis on wiki &amp; theyve changed looooads
hope the sun holds out till tomorrow cos I'm stuck in the IMAX all day 
@graceburton in the loop looks excellent sadly not out on our cinema  crank 2 is alright for mindless cinema
watched fantastic four film earlier with kids, was rubbish 
sick  in bed. working on my film project.
So I went to the mall yesterday.But we just watched a movie.I wished we stayed longer.It wasn't that much fun. 
I'm not going to see mom it was cancel  Anyways I'm watching a really great movie, haha...
'theres no hogwarts without you hargrid.' make me cry,oh geez  i love these movies!
@selenagomez I really wanna see that movie!!!  I hope I do!! Is it good?!
@tishh not ok. i dont usually cry in movies. 
Watching a scary movie with my parents was NOT a good idea..idk if I'm gonna be able to sleep now 
@mrskutcher I watched a three hour movie on sex slavery on the hallmark channel. It was horrible 
@anoah33 there's a rumor that there will be a new live action movie based on the cowboy bebop anime series, starring keanu in the lead. 
@OfficialAshleyG I dont like horror movies, cause I am too much frightened after it  yes, yes I am a big yellow-belly 
watching my favorite movie prince of egypt 
watching my favorite movie, the prince of egypt   and studying microbio 
watching my favorite movie- the prince of egypt  and studying microbio 
@banditray great movie, huh?  made me cry 
chillin in my bed watching thin line between love and hate ..... one of the bestest movies in lowkey pain 
I was really lovin that movie soo much... Then he died! 
I need to quit drinking....I got caught on film doing some sketchy shit... 
http://tinyurl.com/cvoufd Slumdog Millionaire Oscar child allegedly put up for adoption 
Movie scripts are too long and complicated. I think I'd rather write a web miniseries, but I have to write a movie for class. 
@23graeme23 I havent seen that...I need too me thinks! I heard a rumour that they were making Anchorman two, but I guess not 
@erikflyboy u suck suck suck!!! And if this new straight girl kisses sean..  Or u .. Or Brando.. I'm gonna cry 
misses the movie The little vampire  used to love it wen i was little 
@mikebnelson I'm loving the rain but it just stopped. and as for me , I'm eating pizza and watching movies. I don't feel good ! 
Watching 7 Pounds...this movie is so sad...     
@ili_fm let me know if the movie is as good as the book! (i have a feeling that it will be disappointing) 
you know.. i was kinda dissapointed in the wolverine movie  lol
@LarryOji painful to watch whether u like x-men or just good movies in general. Bad story/cgi/everything  sorely disappointed.
When I finally feel tired enough 2go2 sleep, I look up at the TV and see scenes from a horror movie... Looks like i'm not going to sleep 
movie-ing it tonight! :] looks like i have to go docs for my foot now 
@winstew i'm fairly indifferent towards the movie as a whole prob b/c i haven't loved any of the xmen movies. all disappointing 
boreeeed! want to go see a movie but everyones out 
Just worked out why boots slide film is so unbelievably expensive. It includes processing!  I want it xpro 
@richyomony that speech is amazing i wish i had oil slick shoes  lol best movie!
not well at all  staying in and watching movies tonight.
@christownsend you saw another movie without me!?  cry cry...hehe
Off to see Coraline  at a Cineworld   hey ho, once you're inside it's less horrible.
it took $7,500,000 it make the titanic, 20,000,000 tons of ice to sink it and $200,000,000 to make a movie about it. well how fun! 
watchin a walk to remember, this movie makes me sad 
going to rent a movie...to yucky to be outside! 
@JoshuaRitmeijer you never watch kung-fu movies do you 
@czarthp My dvd was stolen...along with the majority of the rest of my movies in 2006. 
@agdtinman the movie IS a letdown.... sadface 
we lost the film festival 
@ashleykins01:  no. I only steals boyfriends because i want a bromance like they do in the movies..
I cried with a nickelodeon movie -.- but it was so ... idk... pretty 
And to make it worse, grease 2 is starting now. i hate this movie 
dammit hd adapter just blew up. no new movie night for me 
So yeah just watched twilight  I thought it was a good movie... :'-( my manhood weeps for what could have been...
@lmmenge yeah I agree! I was so excited to see the movie and I'm really dissapointed 
wtf this movie was so good until 2 seconds ago. so let down 
now editing juniors film, dvd menue is broken and needs to be rebuild completely 
just watched the saddest movie ever... defiance ... so good but sad 
Finished my short film, feels a little wrong, but it's 15 seconds over... 
i missed the start of Borat!!!! dammitttttt  lol
@cameronreilly I wanted to see that movie, but the very day I went to see it they took it out of theaters 
@noxertg I saw the wolverine workprint and thought the movie in general sucked. 
@DebbieFletcher how do you like the twilight books? i can't wait for the second film, but its loads later out in germany 
I really wanna see a 3D movie...never been 
I miss my nerd movie watching buddy 
Maybe make some new music today,but Hollywood is quite uninspirational.........and no C-bumps today either 
@WhipSmartBanky drinking alone an watching movies alone pathetic?  
The more days that pass since I saw wolverine and the more I think about it, the more I think it was a shittier movie 
@jewphish aww  i watched the film a few times before i read the book, and read so many things that i wish they wouldve put it the film!
@trekkerguy perfect example of why the studio system is gearing film towards the teenage demographic...low standards &amp; easily satiated 
@nicolerichie the boy in the stripped pijamas. that movies really good but sad 
high def was just not made for shitty low quality versions of movies. 
ugh maynn  if i wasn't working this saturday, i would SO be doing the 48hr film fest..
@katofawesome i dont have those movies 
I watched the movie 2121 on dvd the other day  and it was the worst movie have seen ever.
just got home from daynas dinner+movie, quarantine is awful...and terrifying, i hate scary movies 
@socko83 love you, brother!  miss you.  i texted you, but you didn't answer.  
@zak218 lol its cause i lost it and then found it again in another movie case. remind me and u can borrow it. &amp; no i dont know the dance 
@mrmwrites saturday movie  sunday classes 
@MarcusWa To be honest, I can't remember a thing about the movie. I was too preoccupied with the impossibly perfect lead actor 
naww that movie is actually kinda sad 
catwoman is not a good flick 
is packing for the movie - nightmare 
@Brando2890 you sure about that one brandon? cause im kinda retarded... miss you val 
My brain was so stucked i dont know what to write on this hell script of drama 
i waited 2 years for that movie 
why go to a  theater and spend almost  $10 to view a possibly good movie after a 1/2 hour of previews, commercials, + the cell phones 
@viridescent_  i died on a litle on the inside when i saw that movie.
Why is it that watching steamy love scenes in movies makes me feel so lonely 
@YungCed packing bout to go to movies n  asec, i jsut got a migraine 
just got home from the movies....feeling kinda abandoned 
@ebl42262 yeah i didn't have a dress so i couldn't be in the movie 
So now the silky is back in full effect, too bad none of my girls are picking up the phone to go out tonight.  Movie night it is.  
the movie earth is so sad 
movie night by myself. I just stepped on my cat 
@db0y8199 the same lookin @ movies by myself 
@WhereisKevinn a very sad movie  haha, I'm a baby
@milesjl85 No Imax, it is too far away for today. 
@Dropsofreign ohhhh LoL closest I'll get to the movie is wallpapers tho 
what? a seth rogan movie that sucks? horrifying 
@sendchocolate you are right, it is.. ,i love horror movies and have probably seen it.. wifey on the other hand has banned scifi  channel 
@NewSugar wtf?! there goes my childhood favourite film... 
ready to rumble, the movie not the action.. actually.. both, you're so mad same tweet different movie..lost at uno  pathetic
my classmate betrayed me. she said she doesn't love the movie angels and demons.. she doesn't love the trailer.. 
I lost my 'burn after reading' dvd  and i havent see that movie yet
1133 words so far on literature and film essay. booya. i haven't even started talking about the films yet... i do enjoy english 
buh movie be all sappy now  #BringTaraBack
@sarahsar I thought you were going to see it with me next week on the IMAX 
@movies_ie I'm looking forward to seeing it but can't make it tonight. 
god, it's just so much shit at the end of this movie. (i don't mean the quality.) 
@me1000 I'm jealous.  We have no IMAX here.  
@AdrienneSimone hell yea true dat. cuz now we gotta go back to Hollywood. 
watching movies bored 
@jcOMFG i really dont  ahahaha. no i do, i dont want to see that movie cause i know id cry, those movies are too depressing 
@sillyhead I can't see movies in theaters alone, personally, but that's because I'm paranoid.  &lt;3 hope it gets betters
just cried like no other watching the movie seven pounds... ahh so sad 
god i hate scary movies 
@greengirlblinks i was like noo i don't want twilight movie yet! 
@ashleeadams i watch lame movies by myself 
@shawn360 girl i didn't laugh at that movie once! that OR bride wars. and i love corny movies normally 
@matro But it leaves the IMAX on the 21st  (But you should still come and we will see it... just on a smallerlike screen.)
@32Hollywood32 well at least u can admit it.... nothin i'm just chillin at home, by myself 
wtf, ben stiller, don't plug your movie during your conan testimonial 
sooo upset I missed little rascals on tv today  I love that movie.
@stuti_ I used to watch cartoon network, when things were in english , .. then it went to hindi , ... and now cartoons in telugu , .. sad 
i thought duplicity was a really bad movie, almost fell asleep 
marley&amp;me=saddest movie ever 
No Cannes this year for me...  Though many friends are there and soo many nice photos 2 do !! But &quot;crisis&quot; = no budget for Cannes !
is not feeling well....where is my doc... 
when am i going to get the time to watch all the movies on my movie list??   (yes i have a list with the movies i really want to watch)
@AliceinParis I really want to check it out in IMAX but I'm afraid the timing may not work out. 
@matty1987 I loved the book.  A very &quot;fast&quot; read.  I hope the movie isn't a letdown 
Is downstairs watching a movie. I'm not telling you which one it is. It's proper geeky  but I love it!
grey's anatomy makes me cry  i want movie nights with jordan to come already!
@CarinaK At least you have that option!! We don't know if they'll bring it here in Imax 
@ddlovato oh that is such a sad movie! 
why he have more than 25 movie channels and more than 70 regular channels if we don't have ANY good movie for a saturday night at home? 
watchin movies and relaxin at kristinas townhouse.. tired 
the secret life of bees is such a good movie..definitely a tear jerker 
this movie makes me want to hug my dad  -sniffle-
@Redjester91  i want to be cute, too. now i'm just pathetic and watching disney movies all alone wishing i was in love.
@AshySwiftnas I tried but youtube doesn't accept windows movie maker either  It sucks..
@vanessll i know right. its so cutee i cant believe i didnt watch it at the movies. freaken arlainio 
@swai0515 asked to do paperwork just before about to see a movie?! that's cruel... 
omg that movie was soo creepy and gory 
just watched marley and me, sweetest movie 
@ashleyluvsjoej i cant go to the cinema 
 escape from new york remake 'looking doubtful'
I just bawled my eyes out watching marley and me  sad movie!! I love my puppy!!!
watching films not feeling to good 
haven't seen movies in theatre for years laew wa. 
i saw a movie... and i take no pride or glory in saying so... 
@abbyrusnica you still havent messaged me about the movies abby 
I burnt my roast carrots  hitting the blues antidote, Superbad!
@vickytkd I cant watch it on tv, everyone else is watching some rubbish film 
@allconsoffun sorry u didnt make it 2 the movie 
worst movie ever award goes to: grimm love 
@cherms I wish I could go to the movies. 
Just got done watching the movie passengers. It made me cry like a big ol sissy.  
@TriggerStreet I read that cinemas may be taxed for the films they show, may shut down some smaller non multiplex theatres. 
I'm actually going to Cannes with friends, but it's in 2 weeks  bad timing
umm. ok wow, that was a sad movie.    i loved it, though! and i'm still not tired...
Screening some films for a film festival preview I'm writing soon...fun! 
Still coughing so much  i feel like a nerd in a movie that brings an inhaler around, cause thats what i have to do. Lol
i hear ya @fuelbot, i just don't know if my psyche can handle the misogyny and violence the film is sure to subject me to 
I just realized that I haven't even watched 4 seconds of the #Cannes festival for being too busy  I love the Cannes festival! fuck it.
@_sarahsteel ooooh what film? @LONGAIR_ physics is baws.. i dont think ive learnt ANYTHING this year! theres so much to know 
@homework8589 lol i don't ask ppl for movies i get what i want myself but i just love this movie  it makes me cry kel marah ashofah ;'(
I think I need to go to the doc 
they're making atlas shrugged into a movie! no!! there's another glorious thing that will be ruined by hollywood 
@Cpopulus I'm not  I hate scary movies but I'm too stubborn to turn it off
i want to make an indie film, good story, blood everywhere.. if only i had the budget &amp; time to do it.. *sigh* 
@destroytheearth I'd love a tea boy!!  Sadly I fear you may be paid in buttons and old movie posters 
@Werecat1 I do too - but when I know the scene is a dud as I'm writing it, it's disheartening. 
Just watched big daddy! I love that movie so much! now off to bed! have to wake up before noon!!  LOL!
actually i might do it tommorow coz i dont feel like movies now....  ;/
ohkkk not going movies no more or hangin out with the brothers. they ditched me  so now im home watching movies.
Trying to decide on a movie ugh.. or video games.. oh noes what to do?!  
@Jemskii get well soon jemski! at least you have the sun, its like a summer blockbuster horror movie here, weather wise. 
Watching Atonement on HBO. It's so sad.  Keira Knightly is stunning.
will watch a feel good movie.  I'm depressed (tears) http://plurk.com/p/vg2sz
@verseandy having good taste? A very good movie! What are you waiting for in your hot car? HAve you broken down?  traffic? 
@Sonisphere the story of anvil! I didnt get to see it at the cinema 
@SunshineeKiid Aww  what movie LOL i mean Aww  crys
@VVbrown ahhh man i thought that film was gonna be good... 
up, not very awake. . . listening to @jowhiley and writing my documentary script which is harder than i thought  xx
@lilmissjanisha Slumdog was awesome. I enjoyed it. Not doing much tonight - have work early tomorrow morning so will head to bed soon 
bloody hell! left 20 minutes! plus, it was the climax of the movie. not satisfied 
@doodles15 I love the a&amp;d book too, but the movie just tore the story apart. Even the acting was bad bar tom hanks. 
@RobertKazinsky unless its a TV series? IMDB doesn't say 
@jennyGOLD I loveeee the wedding date!! You're a lucky girrrrl haha watching that movie and on your way to disney  loll have fun!!
I have to watch some stupid film in english  better then working thou ;)
@mandy_payne @eedawson i loved it. will you guys come to cali to watch the next movie with me? 
@jessereed bc we're watching a scary movie and i miss you and i wish you had of been online 
Superbad just got sad when it turns out that one girl doesn't drink 
Wishing I could have made it to the rally in Hollywood tonight 
@AmberlinaM he was such a nerd in this movie 
i hate when i'm just trying to look something up online &amp; a scary horror movie trailer comes up out of nowhere &amp; my speakers are on blast 
I would rather sit and watch a movie than do all this stupid homework..  xxx
watching a movie alone...I miss my honey 
@Hollywood3115 although u dont love me no mo 
@Kaatje_68 lol i just laugh cause its so cheezay!! I haven't seen a good horror flick in ages 
Watching a Movie at home.  Wondering what Megs in doing.  I miss her.  lol. Where are ya Megsie?
@inmattyspants loved the movie =] it's so touching. you're right, it's one of his best movies. i was sad seeing the gravity part.. 
@Hollywood1727 awww I'm sorry.. I'm definately gonna miss u 
I HATE rob zombie movies. &amp; the smell of weed. Vommmm. 
Fuuudge. Movie store is closed 
Wishes you had teased me with movie night 
Wishes you hadn't teased me with movie night 
missed all the awesome weather, because she was in a movie! 
I'm frightened that zombies are going to attack me.  i don't like scary movies.
@Smileyquanta oh, is it good? I've been wanting to watch that movie but nooobody would watch it w/me 
aww twiter i miss you.. today i'll post a little more.. i mea, after the movie theater..ahah soo coold here 
@jerwjr Yes.  Me too. I can't understand why they have to do that. I mean, I know it's all about Hollywood, but this thing is called love.
@russfischer man i wish i still lived near a drive in  perfect movie experience
does anyone know where I can watch the prison break tv movie? It's not on itunes 
moving offices  I'm going to miss you Hollywood.
I am like 20 feet from @aplusk (ashton kutcher)'s movie set &amp; trailers... but he is nowhere in sight! 
@JhonenV I need horror to be lovecraftian actually, not enough weird horror movies. 
@3RDegree09 man i still haven't seen that movie...too bad i'm at work 
@jeremycowart I love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore 
maybe going to the movies later? ik gay 
I don't remember the last movie I saw in the theatre, and that makes me really sad 
I wish I could just go for a drive..or a movie or the store..I just wanna be alone 
@gracieh89 can you get catacombs ffrom the cinemas? i tried to get it from my local one a little while ago and theyh didn't have it. 
@coffeeplus Last two and know they are going to be weepies 
i feel like watching a disney movie...too bad we dont have a vcr anymore 
just watched terminator 2 and i cried, Its the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!  im lame!
is watching &quot;Sicko&quot; and is utterly digusted with this country... 
isnt going to the movies!! i got grounded 
watching a film, recovering from my operation 
would some one plese suggest me a great thriller movie 
already crying and the movie only started like 15mins ago 
i love me some americana- but no movies to see 
very much disappointed with the angels and demons movie  shame, it was a great book
I regret not going to the Movie audition today  Seems like my neighbors are gonna get a call back .  http://myloc.me/21RK
U know I didn't care for that wolverine movie and I'm a xmen fanatic. That joint sucked to me. 
@helena_horror I know how you feel 
I think I am going to go see a movie by myself. I'm not sure if I am cool enough to get away with it though 
i have no one to go to the movies with 
watching a weird movie, doomsday, not sure if i'm giving it the thumbs down yet pretty violent 
just finished watching les miserables it was such a good movie! i almost cried 
@Seanpaffair let us know if the movie is any good!  i haven't been to the movies in forever 
@Burnettly I know! I'm so pissed that the movie theater within walking distance from me went out. I can't go see it w/o taking a bus. 
I hate scary movies 
@scrubbybubbles I can't watch movies like that because I'm already an over parnoid mom and those type of movies just make me more so 
@laceystone 7 lbs? Like the movie? I loved it!! so terribly sad though! 
wow, I can't believe a kitty just got killed in this movie 
was going to see a movie.....damn friends. 
Laying in bed watching a movie.... 
@dossy i saw it today, too. but some of the stuff in the trailer wasn't in the movie  i hateee that!
@neilhimself congratulations! hope that coraline musical reaches asia. the movie hasn't even been shown yet 
Movies. Too hungry. 
Wish I could make it through ONE movie without falling asleep.  I'm a old lady...
@DannyTRS you have bad taste in films 
had fun at alex's... even though i didnt get to finish the movie 
@MalDuhDee wish i was watching a nice horror movie instead of working 
watching the most scariest movie, all by myself. need a hug 
just watched a really depressing movie about ghosts 
@lucasss how can you watch movies like that this late?!! I get nightmares 
@SalioElSol08 omg... why did you post that  i loved that movie
@alexov17 I havent saw the movie yet. my mom say we saw ant very shortly. 
aw 'American Beauty' is on TV...oh this movie brings back memories 
@StaceyWoodward There are tons of those movies  the only problem is that they are not in the mainstream 
@FlyLikeDove ya the ending royally sucked because in my opinion the movie was just starting and then it was over 
Movies!!  
After some research, found a wicked movie to go to tonight... started 20mins ago. No more screenings till tomorrow 
That film at sam's was so scary 
@amandaaaplease haha was the movie thaat good? ugh i have to pay for my classes soon too  lol
Wants to go to movies. Not too sure what tho 
singapore movies are getting more and more....not so nice.  
iTunes store, don't tease me!  I wanna buy a movie, &quot;unknown errors&quot; aren't helpful! 
@jmlane Fanboys was viewed, and an attempt to view JCVD was made, however it was in French without subtitles 
i think I am getting a zit so big it could star in a horror flick 
@grayle this is true the cinema is expensive as well! 
So jessie is making his movie and i wont be in it cuz i moved 
i hate how we go the 3d movie so late, it's just old. aka i'm wishing paranoid was in it and it was more LVATT than ALBL, yknow ? 
They don't really make horror films for kids anymore!! 
@JadeJonas92 noo i cant  my cinema isnt showing it and the nearest cinema is an hour away my mum wnt take me 
work @ Hollywood Video 12 -4  i hate black and khaki!
fuck ! read a movie's plot, turnout to be a full story  dammes spoiler did it without warning ...
watching ginger snaps, ugh I hate this film sfm 
my sister is watching a really gay movie and i have nothing better to do 
i hate watching movies where animals are getting hurt! 
Home Bored watching a movie lil sad 
@srslyliz omg that movie was so good!!! i cried so hard 
Watching a movie with ALL my favorite danish actors.. But I hate it.. The script is so bad that I think I'll find something else to watch 
Home alone tonight.   Any movie ideas?
@buffyTVSrox @othertv.compeople I never know the movies you guys talk about. 
i don't like this movie   its freaky! watching it anyways
I should never rent movies. I never return them 
Messed up the 120 developing a bit - the film split  There are images though, more than I thought there'd be!
@laurelbruening that movie was sooo good! But sad news..i'm not going to the game anymore 
And now I noticed that all the movies I filmed at the park turned out hideous and very pixellated. 
I aint going to the movies no more 
Just about to watch up! Missed the toy story trailer though. 
@emboosh i dont even like the movie :L the evil fish person or w/e it is scared me 
just watched bride wars! i cried  i think i cry in like nearly every film
scared myself watching the 2 movies on bbc1. scary movies NEVER a good idea why did i let katie talk me into it  
Wathing a very creepy final destination like movie :s HEELP 
awesome movie! made me cry 
with energies to make a movie 
just got home from the movie it was great altough it made me sad that rexy didnt appear much  but oh well it was cooooooooooool
@erichalvorsen One of my favourite films, I always get upset when he goes back to the castle. 
I wish they would tell u if the movie ur going 2 C is on a small screen or not.  - http://bnup2.com/p/569938
aw babe! I miss you to!!  I'm in Hollywood atm, but i'll deffo come and see you next week, and take you shopping ;)
@StellaOfficial aw babe! I miss you to!!  I'm in Hollywood atm, but i'll deffo come and see you next week, and take you shopping ;)
@albynomonk I am ok, but so bored. I've watched 2 movies already... I don't know what to do online. It is raining so I can't go out. 
Just got back from walking the dog. She was petrified the whole time.  She'll get used to it. I&lt;3DominosPizza.  Movies later?
@JoshuaMenendez unfortunately i cant watch 3D movies thanks to chronic migraines 
dance flick: not as great of a movie that you would think...all of the funny parts were in the commercials. 
Watched Enchanted...ummm went in woth low expectations...the movie didn't even meet those 
i want chinese!!! husband doesnt want it  watching a movie
omg this movie is sad  &amp; creepy :/
is done with the summary of her movie review, ughh, 3 more to go 
So tired. I want to rent a movie but I can't 
Lol I just cried twice in this movie 
At my first drive-in movie, where's my honey 
all i wanted to do was go to bed and read. i stayed up and watched a horrid movie and had smart food with my sisterwiththeperfectbody.  
Movie night was lame. The movie was awesome (the worst movie ever, but HILARIOUS), but everyone went left early 
@leewaters it was either a free movie or a soda and a popcorn...i used it today   i wasn't thinking
is looking for movie soundtrack composers on twitter........ but with no luck 
@babymakinmachin doc thought i had miscarried @ first, &amp;its possible that there were two to start w/  but E is all good. 
In Hollywood, trying to not get jumped by some creepy, weird (sorta stalker-ish) swingers... 
Wow I hate crying over lifetime movies. 
seems like twitterverse went to sleep while i tortured myself with a bad movie 
@Kaibaby I'm mad your watching the movies without me!! LOL I asked if we could have a movie night! 
@ddlovato I heard is was a great film but I did a deep study on the making of the movie that I may just see it in a  technical way... 
the beginning of this movie makes me want to cry 
@ddlovato hi demi, you've seen Changeling? I like it too, I was hoping she found her son though 
@lastsummerhero hahahaha, i saw it in theaters, but i was kinda forced to because the movie i wanted to see was sold out. 
Doesn't look like I'm getting Hollywood tonight 
@mangopickle i like stab movies.... idk  im scared of paranormal shit
@ddlovato i hate the ending of that movie whenever I think about it I get really sad 
@urboysikora that movie was madd good nigga! i needed to be longer 
Eating chips i feel huge, watching another movie. 
@ddlovato aww i hate sad movies, have you seen marley and me? my sisters and i cryed for like half an hour after that movie.. so sad  xo
@ddlovato I almost started crying when I watched it. I was soo bummed. I was hoping it would be one of those really happy movies. Haha. 
@aristeia p.s. i miss the hell out of you   when transformers comes out in theaters we should totally see it together!
my cake is slowly caving in  it never happened to me before. it is like watching a disaster movie :/ i feel so helpless and afraid.
Is watching a movie with the guys. And thinking about her 
watching Changeling and its so sad 
@bsquared86 Its on Cinemax and I don't have it  I've been thinking about this movie a lot lately because I haven't seen it in my adult ...
@ImJustJazzy I wanna watch that movie with you. I am kinda lonely 
At party of wind surfers, talk is of wind surfing.  Then talk turns to topic of movies, yes!  Windsurfing documentaries. 
Movie makes me cry.  loveee
@whotook shld go to see doc with that 
@glttrgrrl @bellez78 you gals saw up?!  i soooo wanted to see that movie!  it's not here in polska 
Rumours SUCK! gett me out of Hollywood! 
no movie this weekend..... waaa..... 
listening to short stack (always listening to it) watching a movie (4got the title  )
Just ended up surfing the net for games and movies...couldn't find anything interesting 
@slurredspeech ooo, i wanna see that movie, isn't some of the ones that were in skins in that movie? As for me...revising, bad times 
the toy story 3 trailer has made me really want to crack out the toy story DVDS 
hamptons coming home todayy excited for mtv movie awardss.. finalss less than a weeek 
watched a movie and had awesome sushi with @itsmajin and @liy. i miss my silly guy 
I'm waiting for my mom to get up.   What movie did u see?
@thereren horror movie fact ep 2 released. download~ they haven't upload on youtube! 
@mileycyrus I have voted a lot for you in mtv movie but now your categories have closed      Really hope you'll win
@ddlovato I love the movie Nights in Rodanthe...  sad.. but good!!
@ddlovato ahh that movie is soo sad. i cried my eyes out  but its still one of my favorites
my new haircut makes me look like a man.  drag me to hell was the worst movie ever!!!
@mileycyrus I'm having trouble with the voting pages...the vote buttons only show up for the Best Movie... 
@pinkestluv ohhhhhh surround sound make any movie worth watchin  I'm jealous http://myloc.me/2c8C
@pinkestluv ohhhhhh surround sound make any movie worth watchin  I'm jealous http://myloc.me/2cbw
I got half way through the movie and then it was unable to read the disc 
@thescreaming omg, that scene  I know I've seen the movie too many times when I can hear that in my head xD
@tabbylagoo  and he doesn't have an album. a new movie tho ~santi~
yeah i'm excited about tonight... but then I think we have this new moon trailer but still have to wait 6 months till the movie   
yesterday i went to the movies to watch night at the museum  and i told a joke during the movie and one old lady laughed 
Just left the movies and I was cryin , I hate these movies that make u think about urself !!! 
just saw the movie paul blart mall cop.. i thought it would be funnier 
@if_i_fell omfg i would be to, id probably have to go on my own to see the films or wait until the dvd is released  bad times
i want to go home   cause i give up music, movies and you can go in the pile of trash as well
movies do not look so interesting 
MTV Movie awards tonight. . . too bad ill be watching through this box i like to call a tv. . . 
Watching click....this movie makes me cry everytime 
@WonderJulie I'm jealous, I want to go to the cinema too  I need a break.
@helenthornber Not that I can find  It is just a format that works well on stage; is hard to express that much personal emotion on film
@kimaglick  yeh...i'm still here petrifying...are you ready for the trailer tonight? remember...we have a date for that movie ;) also...
Movie theatres these days really disguist me.... 
@taylorswift13 really want to watch the special, but i have two kids that want to watch a movie on disney   i'm sure ur's will be great!!!
Finally home...movies were very very good.  molly and I had fun.  i now understand about the crying at the animated film...was  at 1st
laying down watching some sick horror movies...don't feel too good 
I miss those nights when could just rent movies and buy a box of pizza and be happy...  
watch Changeling,this movie is soo sad 
@mneylon not really sorted. DiCaprio, WInslet and the director were shamed into donating $10K each. barely pocket change for them. 
How long is this movie? I'm getting sleepy 
there are like 6 movies in theaters that I really want to see.....  when shall I see them all???
about to go see a scary movie! dang i hate scary movies 
@spooons I only found out yesterday that IMAX licenses its name for theaters with sub-IMAX setups.. I miss what it used to mean 
I am about to cry at this movie and it isn't at a sad part. 
Ever go to movies alone? Uuhhh me neither 
the new movie up is not as cool as the balloons made it look on the commercial 
crying  the boy in the striped pyjamas, don't see that movie  omj i'm so sad u.u
@eroonrae I've heard good stuff but it looks like it is out of IMAX. 
is it sad that i'm excited for the new harry potter movie? 
@bckystrt no like i was in the movie surrounded by couples and i was just like aww 
decode didn't win best song from a movie 
but in the new moon movie she knows that the werewolve is jacob  that's a huge mistake an i don't like it..
Seeing screencaps from sad scenes of movies makes me sad 
@twcrytzer watching a lifetime movie without you just isn't the same 
@Superbad24 dude will u tell me or not? 
Movie awards ended soooo fast hah now they're all at the after parties while I'm in bed 
My Avatar is fixed lols, the simple things in life and now my feeds gone funny  not got timke to sort it out now off to work i go......
@ameliaroses it is a total tease. the new pixar film, 'up', doesn't come out until september here. 
whyyyyyyyyyyyy?! why decode didn't win best song from movie!?!?!?!? 
new moon looks like shit ....they completely distroyed the book by making the movie 
all this talk of up being The best movie of the year upsets me so much - though poster's already up, dunno when the film itself's coming 
Wow pearl harbor is the saddest movie 
Really want to go to the cinema...there are sooooo many films I want to see 
I want to watch angels and demons on big screen...  when will this damn movie strike end???
today i'm going to see hannah montana the movie for the third time at the cinema xD i miss my frank  &lt;3
@HypnoticYogi didn't think too much of the third resi film. None of them a patch on the games 
@TomFelton awhz  but you look sexy with the white hair :/ can't wait to see the new movie. x
@alina_p stupid scary movies 
@JennaIsWriting It sounds like something out of a movie 
gay, theyre not having a muggle prime minister in the film, or billl and fleur. 
after writing teacher aids for three sis programs, i need a break with a movie! only two more redbox free movie codes this summer 
SFF site down. argh need to get my film fest hit 
@Superbad24 not in the us yet 
not feeling too good.  making soup and laying down. I want to watch a movie. here we go with this dilemma again...
@Turkish_Goddess well then we should hit miyayo sooon! i need 2 get up outta here as well. Hollywood is pretty tiring 
Last night new moon trailer just makes want to watch the movie now!!! I can't wait 
im writing a script for a comedy film but running out of ideas 
Doesn't look like drake is in the degrassi movie on the n 
was watching the movie the ex until all the sudden the power went off in the apt 
@andywomyn I saw it in non-3D  I bet it would freak out the 6yo still. There's lots of wildlife in the movie.
also, I hate seeing movies alone.  It makes me sad.  
My ridiculously old dvd player finally died. It used to make scary monster noises, stop, and play the movie. Now it just makes noises. 
I really want to go to the movies but I'm too cheap to spend $10 on a two hour movie 
stomach hurts  and i desperatly want to go shopping! hey @lisaaGillis lets do the mall and a movie this week! the movie's on me ;)
@lashlady yeah the obsession with it all is a bit sad...i read twilight long before the movie and i think the fangirls are ruining it 
@xjolien i should be studying for my advertising exam but instead i was watching a movie. yay. im screwed 
@DavidArchie lucky!!!!my dad thinks im too old to watch pixar movies.     im happy for you though!
@Geekwife I guessed going in what the end of that movie would be but my 7yo insisted on seeing it. 
Watching more bones.. this one is similar to the blair witch project. that movie made me want to cry.  ....true story
@capitaln Ah! I almost went  awesome movie... even awesomer when it's so cheap!
@hellosarahh They best do, full frontal nudity would be nice too. 178 seems like to much 
ugh new moon and twilight and all that is so corny. i saw the movie  it was decent but not enough to have a cult following xD
Is waiting in a freakin long line at the redbox at walgeeens  darn those dollar movies! I wish I was the only one who knew about them hehe
I'm so sleepy. but I don't have a movie to watch in bed    suggestions?
abpout to watch anastasia... one of the best non disney animated movies :-D my wrist hurts 
this movie makes me cry..  here comes the tears...
Movie was really good but sad 
this movie is so sad  it's so good, but so sad. i don't understand why it matters if your gay or not... black or white, who cares....
another movie disappointment.... 
My husband didn't let me watch my movie  I'm sad I really wanted to watch it :'(
Even as an adult, watching scary movies before bed is not a good idea 
Working on my english horror story! 
#angelsanddemons if you like the book, avoid the movie...entire major characters are missing! disappointed 
@litterthisheart that hint doesn't help me. still (!!) haven't seen the movie and none of the tv series either 
@jephcinemas My cinema. Where did you go  ?
@graceobrien  aww. if it makes you feel any better you can now see 15+ movies legally. yay 
What film are we talking about? I forgot.  @ggw_bach
@AyBuey i have no porn 
Doesn't know why she goes to see this stupid yet scary movies! Nightmares here I come! 
@MrTHill well depending if it has anything to do with movie subscription services like netflix...if it does then No 
Going to uncle doc... 
Updating the new freeroll script 
Momm when i go to kellys we wanted to go see this good movie that came out can i go? 
Only 3 pictures left on my last polaroid film 
A friend's film had over 7000 downloads last month. And he just received his royalty cheque... for $39  #somethingsbroken
Going to watch startrek... I realized how nerdy this movie was when a full grown man walked passed me and opened his velcrow wallet... 
Just finished the flashgame, finishing the websites and the movie now ... I'm so fed up with this schoolstuff allready 
@beboop112 you're rereading the twilight series for the new movie, aren't you? i'm rereading harry potter... 
@heather_cooper suckkkssss... she's too busy to come see @thejonasbrothers movie with me  stupid exams
Watching across the universe. Right now the movie is sad and I'm sad 
@Ypre dude, onion movie was unbearable  how'd u make it thru ?
@knellr I'm practically grieving for you over here   (About the films. Not the cool points.)
yoooo, watching movies. i miss my ipod  i left it at allies. boo.
Movie day with @stevenalmanza... No popcorn 
@headfirstfor i was taking a shower.  now i'll watch a movie, i guess. HAHAH
@ddlovato i feel u demi.i hate watching scary movies witout my fave cuz! 
@bowwow614 http://twitpic.com/6i0er - lol.. aww bow you cry in this movie 
home from baseball game... left in the middle of the 8th... our team down by 5  ... now... back to Changeling 
@SongzYuuup i cant watch dat movie its 2 sad 
ugh my feed does not pop when by bottom twitches are in the movies 
I wanted to go out and watch a movie tonight but all the movies will be started by the time I get there 
W. is a fucking awful movie. How sad... 
Loves watching romance/romantic comedies but now she wants to cuddle and be held... 
@This1GoesTo8 I don't care  It was never meant to be a comedy    #pleasepissonmychildhood
@s_dont We've been wanting to watch that, but I can't find any IMAX theaters showing it 
@geegilee I think slumdog just wasn't my style of movie. 
Movie just ended, such a sad ending 
@Ally_Bitches haha yeaa. so sad tho  best movie but
Why am I so emotional when I watch movies? I'm sitting here tearing over this series 
why does the jb movie have to be more expensive?! 
watching a certain indonesian horror film (again) 
@Hitman1971 I have been watching Christian Bale in Movies for years and had NO idea he was British. 
is back in the studios!! feeling really ill though 
almost time to go and feed the horses. No good movies for the instant in theaters 
watching a movie in class... kinda werid, i cant follow cause all i want to do it read new moon... 
@MonaSmith awww  we were recording again today which is always nice, and I was making jokes about it being like the plot of a teen romcom
Closing shift, movie after, and opening again...6 hours is just not enough sleep, and it's far too early for popcorn 
Signing year books and watching a war movie. Wish i was with my baby davey. 
@adrianspencer I notice @Hedgewytch didn't invite us to IMAX star trek 
@conallmurtagh nuts ... not sure how I missed it then  will have to be get the dvd was looking forward to it in the cinema though
 I wanted to go cinema......
@rockgrrl He has 222 movies/shows to his credit. I am a sad that it looks like suicide 
@stoner_stuff it's a shame that that movie was so bad. by the end it was a total trainwreck. lots of stoner movies are bad. 
back frm watchin the new star trek movie. niiiice ... except released so late here i already knew everythin  damn all spoilers n mktin 
Watching Slumdog &amp; hopig this headache goes - thoughI doubt it will - feels like it's going to be a migraine... 
@bofranklin original comics were based in 2000, but movie-wise, they flung it way out in the future 
@NolaLadyLove u aimt invite me to da movies 
@Hollywood3115 he called b4 u 
I used my evil card again  bought Anchorman dvd haha! I love that film!&lt;3 it was less than 15$
I'm probably in the minority here, I really wish Ghostbusters had never been made. One of the worst big budget films ever. 
@zeqox I dnt think i can  got appointments with a martial arts dude tmro at 11...dnt think i can make.can you record the movie on mob? 
@byepolaroid no away we go in theaters here for us 
@ValerieDior looked it up, It's no longer showing movies  just special events &amp; swap meets
@AlyssaCasertano really good movie i saw it it was kind of sad tho 
ugh, i hate renting kids movies - the dvds are always messed up these days 
@danwrobbel i wanna see the haunting in connecticut.. even though its at macomb mall now.  noone ever wants to see horror movies with me 
Watched the first half hour of Slumdog and had to turn it off. It's nothing but violence and killing. 
@xjillianx awh that sucks  but I'm gonna hunt out movies for out movie night while I'm here 
I find it so hard to watch sub-titled movies nowadays. Am I getting dumber?? 
getting ready to watch some movies.... all by my lonesome  
..... Watching some lame movie with my friend gosh!!! The movie is soo borin. Some1 save me from dis boredom 
fuckinq freezinq   no clubbing today movie niting it with the hubbersz
Just going to bed..too tired for movies 
No more movies tonight... 
The movies were good but i miss her so much 
I am watching a james bond movie   boo.
#flyaldy dh just put in terminator movie, not sure which one, just know I don't want to watch it 
Oh the movie was sad, never read the book, but there were funny parts to make up for trying to breathe for air at the end. 
@iamrobinsmom I'm surviving the third day of no sugar, went to the movies with my kids, a movie without red vines is just not the same 
@Dragonsally I went to see it at the cinema. I kept waiting for the punchline, for the 'nyah! just kidding!' But no.  
I was REALLY looking forward to seeing Lymelife tomorrow night and apparently I waited too long and its no longer playing in the city 
I'm at the movies with tonya who said twitter is gay 
I don't want to go see a movie... 
is watchin a movie all by my lonesome 
@LuvD143 yeahh! i cried in that movie  it was so sad. hah
Both movies tonight were pretty bad  lol they were the two I said I wasnt going to watch too.
movie was a bust, cause we wanted to see it in 3d or what's the point. 
Movie was sad, I cried 
@realwillhalcomb Angels and Demons is the best book ever. I haven't been able to see the movie yet though 
@katiebeth the movie actually caused a stir because in the opening scene it shows a black diamond buckle failing  They didn't like that
Movie fail: theatre closed due explosion in sewer 
 waiting for claire to leave to glendale for the movie tonight then exploring
Wtf, cop texting while driving, and dumbass watching a movie while driving *sigh*... 
@ladylani23 soooo the movie was okae lol not one of my favorite disney movies.. and i love disney movies 
I don't like watching sad movies!! makes me cry! 
i'm very upset that john krasinski's new movie is rated R. poop 
Should have went to the movies tonight. 
i hate the itunes store. i've been trying to download the same movie for 2 days.... i'm getting very frustrated...very very frustreated 
I just felt an overwhelming urge to watch 'Doc Hollywood' again. Too bad it's not on @hulu. 
The movie was sold out  but watched mall cops.. It was good!!
@mdotperiod LOL I feel u that's wat I'm doing movie nite by me lonesum  LOL
@swaggercheckMDK lol! For real. I been watchin movies thinkin i'd fall asleep.  not workin lol
My xbox is sooo loud i can't even hear my movie 
Movie done, but now I don't want to go to sleep. I hate being the last one awake in my house  I want hugs and kisses goodnight 
@georgie_carroll it's such a sad movie 
Changeling- Such a powerful film, makes me wanna cry but think i used them all up on thursday  x
Once were warriors is NOT a nice movie 
boreddd |-) toy story 3 in cinemas in 2010. ill have to pay the 15+ price by then  haha.
@morgane_d oh you MUST see the movie!unfortunately the concert in dublin is sold out  but i will see him...
The film The Hqngover looks crap, new xmen wolverine was too 
@jemillahayne boys have gone.  well... i might watch a movie now. not sure though. :/
ye i am watching changling i like this film it is sad 
Oh, poop, it's not IMAX 
This movie is a constant punch in the gut 
@Gillxox mines goin well until yd when de weather went crap!  n still havent seen de jobro 3d movie yet! i know im like hooked on it now!
 i wasted more than a roll of film.
my windows movie maker is an asshole. 
@panacea81 It says these movies are private...so I can't watch 
aww what a brill film but so sad!! 
Stepmom is a chaty cathy. Wakes me up from my sleeping. 
this movie is reminding me of all the things i dnt want to be reminded of 
@newsychick1 its the raw emotion. I'm wellin up thinkin bout that scene- so jealous I dnt have sky movies nemore  .....
I think I may have to call the doc 
@BollyKnickers_x ohh no, don't tell me you liked that movie? she killed her cat! I gasped so loud I got laughed at. 
there are 5 film festivals due next week...all totaling in cost about $500... I dont think I can do this anymore 
Seven pounds was such a good movie, made me cry  
@mjbucky I love the angry cloud in the little movie before up...he was just misunderstood 
@Sinknitty It wasn't renewed...   There is talk of a full-length movie though.
KISS movie was crap 
@marcftsk; chillin inside, watching movies. it rainy todayy 
@allison__ yeah sadly  well the movie was in our cinemas in january and yours earlier. i guess its because of all the synchronization
@louiiseeeeee thats what the director of the film said  hopefully it will, but it kinda' is better in 3D
@purplefangs imagen me at the movies crying , I was where's my tissue 
I heard that the movie the hangover is really good. Out of every fucking movie that is out I'm at star trek.  http://myloc.me/2Pxy
the boy in the striped pajamaas is actually the saddest film...i just weeped so much!! 
@bettyy23 aw i love that movie, i watched it online 'cause in argentina it comes out next month 
this film is pure sad 
@tommcfly the movie is almost oveeeer  you should've turned the tv on earlier 
ugh!! my brother and his friends are going to a movie... no fair, I haven't been to a movie in sooo long! 
@Zaidah1 I was disappointed as well.  I had high expectations and left the movies saddened.
So bored in my bed watching a movie coughing up my lungs practically 
proper sobbed to that film seven pounds  too sad!
@KoolGeekz @KoolGeekz watching this asian horror movie.... alone 
Aww! Movie plans seem ruined!  Karmas a bitch! ;p
i think i'm gonna watch some disney movie... i'm sooo bored 
Just watched &quot;Seven Pounds&quot; (a will smith movie) &amp; now I feel like the most evil person on earth  #fb
I wish i could have went to the movie. No lols. Just sads. 
viendo slumdog millionaire... movie night just 4 me ... my baby is working 
still watching movies! tonight conair and gone in 60 seconds. Missing my gordo 
watchin titanic . damn movie always make me tear up 
@laurieann_ I dunno..you don't wanna have blu ray porn movie night with me... soo sad 
its still like almost the middle of the movie and its sad already..  hahaa..
UP was liek, the saddest movie ever. twas bawling behind my 3D glasses 
Saw no celebs while I was in Hollywood.   Halle maybe next time.
grave of the fireflies again, i love this movie, so sad  studio ghibli is the AWESOMEST
@aschnebe just finished marley and me, cute sad movie 
@ashleyfairnie it seems everyone knows that apart from me...I either need to watch this film or just pretend I'm clued up frm now on! 
@joev182 I hate when you watch movies without me. 
This dumb movie is giving me a headache 
watching a scary movie with cuba gooding jr.  i don't like scary movies.  
@cysuzanne turner classic movies #40 almost over 
this is definitely the best part of the movie. the sinking of the ship  the titanic song always makes me cry!!
The Goonies is playing at midnight at the movie tavern.  I wants to go...
marley and me was a great movie, but the ending was very sad 
watching titanic...i hate watching this movie because its just so depressing 
...almost had a near death experience while lizzie drove out of the movie theater parking lot 
@karlcandido ive watched too many movies  i wont be able to focus on it...what are you watching?
can get the stupid horror movie out of my mind 
in need of a chic flick 
I still dont own the prequal movies. 
Such a sad, sad movie. 
N dee movies....tho I have bootlegs  nigga cnt settle for bootlegs always gotta go to the movies, I cnt mess. 3 for 10 is my calling.
@owlcity awe man that movie is sooo sad! but so good 
@netteluong aww meyn that movie hella dissapointed me  it wasn't that great
it was a nice movie but she cryed alil during the movie i had to cuddle her more i dont like seeing my baby cry 
gna have nitemares  I better dream of angels and not ghost RAAZ was a good movie-india is it true threre are ghost hidden in ur  boddies
@fuegos same  tbh, the whole film makes me cry, all 23094823 hours of it
is sad shane is not coming to the movies.... 
@koutetsuhime it was amazingly good, cruise is such a good actor! guuhhh saaad 
watching a late nite movie ....with friends lmao....talking so much losing the story of the movie.....          
@cherylho no way!!! I really wanna see that movie 
I'm watching an uber scary movie! 
Wow... what a night.  ALLL the crazies attacking the poor Hollywood Video employees tonight... 
I just wanna watch a movie. 
@asholiee watchin sum pimpin movie. havent seen u since i been here 
still up..and im watching the saddest movie ever. i want to sleep 
awwwwww i want to give nixon a hug  another amaaaazing movie
fuck you dvd player..you wont let me watch my movie 
yahoooo....for a change goin to see a movie in cinemas...but the sad part is missing fedex match 
Fuckers  I hate living by myself. I'm so paranoid by all these movies we're watching!!!!
I guess tour flick is over ooo well nice knowing you 
I guess our flick is over ooo well nice knowing you bye forever 
watching a horrible film called madhouse.... im actually quite frightened 
watching a film called madhouse... and im scared shitless...  
@ gbfilms OMG! vista crashed and I have to edit the movie all over again 
Still watching august rush  lovely film I bit sad tho   x
Crying from the movie, its so sad cause it actually happens  Now I never wana go on a plane aha
@ditty1013 I didn't know when I agreed to go to the movie. 
is going to watch 'the notebook' on youtube...wherelese cud I watch a movie these days!?!hv no companion to go to a theatre 
i painted my toenails red, and now they kind of look like props for some low budget horror movie 
eff plans cancelled not going to mall or movies. 
@comedy_dave 
Watching ps i love you...this movie is so sad 
@breezygoodman come see a movie with meee. 
@comedy_dave I agree 
I really want to see this movie,  http://bit.ly/akXrh but it's  limited release and I don't think it's coming here 
I think I'll go to the movie so I don't have to see the depressing results of the elections 
@lesliewaltzes hey I feel like I need a shrink too. And I'm still scared of scary movies 
@newyork808 the movie disappointed me to be honest, slow and it had no real ending... it just kinda died out 
Crying my eyes out, the movie was so sad 
tears  this movie may have had cast changes and annoyances but damn its moving 
watching a movie.. by myself 
I love movies... especially on rainy days. Wish I was watching movies with my boo tho... 
@AngieEdery sorry but i can't go to the movies later 
i'm gonna watch a movie  this is sad and not good
So, depending on what the diagnosis is, we may not go to the movies after all.  But she needs to feel better. Bawww, mommy. 
@twinmama  have to say the only exposure to G&amp;S has been through this movie
This movie is so sad  jk its night @ the museum!
@the_dartez lmao I would love some but already went see that movie 
i am sooo sad I have just watched 7 pounds and that is the saddest film i have EVER seen!! I can not stop crying and im not joking 
@thomasjayr looks delicious! i want some   and btw, netflix has failed me. i put your movie as #1 and they sent my #2 
@lovehasnologic ughhhhhhhhh .....yes! and the movie curtains, and the movie popcorn. and the movie popcorn flavored sprinkles.  *yumcry*
UP was so sad  best movie ever! i also saw terminator salvation which was really good! my eyes r tired from staring at the big screen 2day
The mist worst movie very. 
Due to damage on the disk a 15 minute chunk of the movie isn't watchable. It's a very, very good movie too 
The hangover= best movie I've ever seen! Makes me miss vegas tho 
i wish i had the movie pineapple express. 
@Hollywood505 my dad wont let me drive it yet 
Photovia call-me-steen) sadd movie  http://tumblr.com/xec1z91mh
I get scared when the door is open at night i always have a horror movie scene going through my head 
Watching a movie... By myself 
@cassSandy I desperately need to go to the movies.  It's depressing, really.
I saw a movie on TV long ago, just a little indie thing, one of the actresses was amazing but at the end she was the 'In memory of...' 
A little tormented from the movie drag me to hell 
i wanted to go to the movies. 
Second scary movie of the day :/ I'm turning into a scaredy cat 
its too hot. also the strangers is a really scary movie 
Is watching titanic again....W/ peter....This movie is so sad 
have 2 get off now  so tht me &amp; the boo can watch a movie
awww,movie watching postponed to later afternoon 
Watched titanic love that movie lolo but its really long and now goin to bed long week ahead 
Just finished the book my sisters keeper  can't wait for the movie tho!
@karenisready awhno. It said it sent and everything    movie finished yeeeet? &lt;3
Up is a funny but sad movie  and wow lakers riot
Slumdog  is gross...when thes turn them into men...ewwww! 
eating popcorn n watchin a movie..    yes!!      ALL BYMESELFF!!! 
damn that movie &quot;Slumdog MIllioniare&quot; was really sad  but i guess it was a happy ending.
hates all cinemas playing &quot;cheesy&quot; movies today! i missed great movies lately 
Just finished reading marley &amp; me(ive seen the movie) i had to get out of public and sit in my little corner to cry. Its so sad but funny 
@sir__william it is the one I meant. They have the film I want, but by the packaging, only with French subtitles.. 
Stressing about exams  listening to an awsum remix. new film in production  haha when i finally upload all my stuff u can all watch!
good movie :\ wish she was watching it 
found an online version of one of my favorite movies from when i was like 6 or 7.. was watching it but like half the movie is missing 
@kloza I saw it a month or so ago! I loved it. Hollywood re-make is in the pipeline  boo
oooooh.. my bluray of 'the fall' (movie, not band) has arrived... shame i have to wait three weeks to watch it 
@Brantanamo i watched terminator too! I'm a huge fan of the films but, i thought it was going to be better than it was 
@SophieBeard can i complain  haha, i have 2hr-film + 1.30 film re sit and theatre; 2hr 30mins. kill me :/ xo
In class... Talking about classical Hollywood Cinema transitions. It would be interesting if I didn't already know all of this stuff. 
Trying to get the film processor fixed. We are dead in the water.... 
I had some weird-ass twilight themed dreams last night. I've never read the books, and seen the movie 1ce 
Fml! I went out to im buy film but they were all expired 
trying to edit a video but Movie maker is not being very cooperative...it keeps shutting down on me 
watching my dog skip! such a sad movie 
@odymon btw I didn't see Superbad. 
@sophiemcflyx I love horror films, but it totally takes the fun out of it when i crack jokes... 
Here's a shot from the indie movie I'm doing from yestersay. No time for band practice right now  http://twitpic.com/7h7bg
making videos on windows movie maker - 
Doesnt enjoy horror films 
@HAROLDandZOOEY me too  i'm hoping lollapalooza makes up for it
@SexyMency lets go i been puttin that movie off for a week 
I hate horror movies, why is that what all the previews are for when I'm seeing a comedy 
They asked me to stop filming 
no car. so looks like deadwood and a movie for me tonight  hope the movie is good
made a post about what makes good characters in a movie. i should be able to make a script outline soon, i just have a huge writers block 
I invited the enemy to watch a movie....shut down 
@taeheckard stop showing the flicks??? Y? 
@TheDannyNoriega i loved that movie.i love movies that can make me jump&amp;laugh lol.the goat made me lmao.i felt bad for the kitty though 
@MeganArielFL: noo wayyy!! Its by far my favorite movie! It makes me miss dance though 
I needa be watching this movie with my duck. 
This is hard, he makes me sit through a movie i hate and then is angry that im grumpy! Really... What does he expect? 
omg the movie drag me to hell was SO retarded!!!  Its really stupid &amp; boringgg!!! I was so disappointed!
@teresanguyen omg that movie is sooo sad 
We are so gonna get bad seats at this movie. It started 4 min ago 
Bout to tak a walk now that my movie is over 
@dac720 I still havnt seen that movie 
well, its not movie time, i went to the wrong theater 
snuggled up in the basement watching a movie, i need a cuddle budy 
snuggled up in the basement watching a movie, i need a cuddle buddy 
i have no desire to compose 6 essays over the next three days. i feel like staying in my jammies with chinese food &amp; some good movies. 
@mrs_snell oh me too!!! That movie looks good..but I'm pretty sure it won't come to victoria 
do you remember how much better disney channel was back in the day? i miss shows like so weird and all their old movies 
@atrevore i thought she wasn't offered it yet because the screenplay isnt finished!? 
marley and me is the saddest movie i've ever seen 
I just came back from a screenings, missed five short films  but the last one I watched was really good :O
i so don't want this guy to die in this movie but i know he's going to cause the only part i've seen before is when he does. lame 
Last time at the dollar fifty movie theater 
@LuxuryBoy good movie!!! and u didnt invite me?!?! 
i missed monday movie madness 
just watched the notebook,that movie never makes me cry. why can't i ever cry? is that bad,my parents say i need counseling cause of it. 
so full from movie popcorn..without the movie  got kicked out of the theater because I didnt have my id!? since when?? bs right there!
@blangley87  do you know if they plan on making 4 movies?
so movie or gym? SHIT. any ideas guys? 
@tracy_detlor I saw that movie.. Its really a good one. And its even more sad to know its a real story.. 
How dare you trick me into watching scary movies! I am so not prepared for this. I need my teddy 
my sisters watching some american history movie and this guy got curb stomped. yuck, i couldnt even watch, it made me feel sick! 
The film was sucks... 
Last Night we went to cinema and at 90mph on the highway a tire bursts. That was crasy but we`re doing well. BUT we have missed the movie 
awh the dog in this movie just died. that makes me soo sad. 
is not going to the movies anymore 
Its raining and i want to be home curled up watching a movie 
I'm not watching enough porn 
And here I was thinking psycho was on, turns out it's a bloody remake 
It's been lovely having a lively debate but I off to work  later digital friends! @destroytheearth @channel4film @buffysquirrel
@MissTMotional its really just 4 internal mkt purposes   sorry! But if u want 2 learn more about movie visit www.mamaiwanttosingmovie.com
@s4nh4 ohhh! We finally saw that movie! Loove it, I think clints acting is great too, jeff says it sucks  remember seeing him around mntry
for english i have to do a two minute monologue as a character! arghh, i can't act, if i wanted to do that i'd be in drama! 
@maddisondesigns We're not twins then!  good news .. it was getting a bit scary   Movie - did not like it much at all  .. just ok
@RegiSor it might still go on, using movie maker, but the new movie maker beta sucks though 
I had 2 nightmares last night.  I totally know better than watching scary movies I hate scary movies
Just got &quot;Ghostbusters: the video game!&quot; Now I want a third movie... 
@LauraRIOT  i'm super impatient. i heard they were making a film. as long as it's not a whole new cast, i'll be happy.
Watching 'we are marshall' in marketing its actually a good movie. But it makes me wanna cry. 
@DonGFlY haha, bad boss    ..No, I have not seen the movie. But I'm gonna see the movie next week in the cinema.
Its rainingg, and im sick  Movie day.
@gone2dmb @dreamgir1 @Peeks after that movie, I dont think I'll think orgasm ever again. 
I hate sad movies 
@musicman128 Youre weird is why? I got the mountian man look right now for a small indie movie role. I look like a hobo 
@JBluver4ever95 aw, that sucks! They brought the movie in march! It was amazing. But they didn't bring 17again 
@katiepennington I have only seen 2 of those 4 movies 
Why doesn't anyone wanna watch a movie. I need to find someone who enjoys 4 dollar tuesdays movies at woodbine. 
@therealmegg no, sadly all the torrents for little ashes are fake. untill the film comes out on dvd - if it ever will - there wont be any 
@partrachel i know.  taking her to the doc at 3:45.
@ACMcWhale dont remember much of it now  another movie to add to the list!
Movie was sold out an hour early  Going to get some ice cream instead!
Missed monday night movie at bryant park.    what a cool grass lawn for the movies.
@XChadballX ...joel's right... epic fail of a movie  sryyy  
I seem to be losing my faith in knowing I'll get a job before I leave for my Eurotrip. 
anime studio is hard to use 
@serenaalfaro seriously that movie was so sad....with that girl getting raped 
The break up... That movie depresses me everytime 
@kennywormald r u quoting movies again? Or did u lose somethin' 
Just rented eagle eye and bride wars ... No sean faris movies at the redbox 
want to watch a movie and i have no idea where kelena left the control for the tv 
I haven't had tv in like 6 days not joking  I am missing all my shows I'm watching the latest james bond movie So good!! next is mall cop!
Movie messed up off to bed now 
@eleo_blue The love gur ...IMDB rating 3.9 
@ddlovato I cried like a baby watching that movie 
IMDb makes me really dislike actors / actresses that I actually like because I see their bitchy quotes and bitchy trivia. 
@laenij fuck i think i have seen the movie  ohh the shame lol
thank god for brick breaker &amp; the movie hairspray!   very stressed!  
Just watched a horror movie, and outside my house I heard something squeaking/squealing  I want to call the cops!
@jakXcore how do i say quotes from that movie when i've still yet to see it 
Is watching a movie all by her lonesome  Lol
Is a little dissappointed that he might not get to direct the script that he wants!!! 
@TrailerAddict I hope that comes to theaters soon 
@rahulvarshneya You make it sound like I can walk out right now  But soon.. and I'll send for you. haha like the immigration movies. haha
Just bought and watched hes just not that into u. I love this movie but it makes me want what i dont have.  lol
had to cancel planshh  couch + duna + old movies + me = sick. meow
Serenity is such a great movie... but sad. Why'd they kill him?! He's such a great character 
@musicfanatic012 I was kinda dissapointed w/ that movie... Could of been so bettr 
i should go to cinema today to see JCVD, but it's raining here... 
i have a.d.d. so bad. i can't pay attention to the movie at aaaaaaaaall. 
The guy in the paparazzi film clip making out with gaga is the lukiest man in the world... I'm soooo jelous 
@mindofchester I couldn't get thru 10min of that piece of shit movie 
 finding out the Hollywood Video i frequent, is not re-model-ing, and is in fact, closed  *cancels account* so much 4 super cheap DVDs
@Andrewbsims the movie didn't work out. we WERE going to see a sneak preview of the proposal, but it was oversold 
anyone know a cure for writers block?? ive tried games, film, documentaries and focusing. why cant i freestyle film/games like i used to 
I want to see a movie  But that is the one thing I refuse to do alone.
Not going to the movies 
@ree1123 did u just tell the movie 
watching how she move , i have a thing for dance films , i wish i still did dancing 
22:15 and still no script 
Listening to rocky horror picture show soundtrack. I'm gonna miss lunch.  but schools almost out. 
@mockingbird_ it may be .. hopefully fo u ! movies are never released in tunisia !! unlucky me ! i usually have to wait for the dvd !! 
@Brolin yes i know. 
ugh!now i can't go shopping -.-' it's night,and the shoops are closed...   mom went to the movies with dad.(the hotel's cinema)hahaha
anyone else watching the movie on e? wtf is going on there - I am soooo flipping lost!  #timecode
. @geektyrant I love your site. I really do. Yet all these remake announcements are breaking my heart.Why not just watch the older films? 
@wickedlibrarian I don't get any of the subtle movie reference t-shirts. I'm feeling left out. 
watchin a scary movie....  ...not fun at all...lol...mayby i should find somethin else to do....yup yup...
I want to see hes just not that into you I missed it at movies! 
omg i hate this movie it sucks 
@leafsweetie I don't that movie is my style 
So tired... but we're still at the imax  yawn... I already watched this movie and its nowjere near done...
@ohtaraa lol that movie is gonna scare me 
the movie was cancelled  still had some fun!
Just saw confessions of a schopaholic. It was a great commercial movie that kept me entertained. If only journalism was portrayed better 
Argggg movies take way too long to download from limewire 
Movie time maybe? Idk if it's gonna happen tonight 
clearance puppy  i'm such a sucker for sad movies.
Watching the notebook great movie 
just realized that i need to go movie shopping, watching movies over and over again 
@hurricanediana just started the movie they keep covering my eyes for the non lg-suitable parts 
just watched street fighter: chun li awesome movie. critics dont know shit bed. early am 
hates scary movies 
movie then bed. cant believe he's still mad at me 
@MGiraudOfficial i watched that movie on a plane...cried really hard 
I forgot how good the movie pearl harbor is. It makes me want to cry  D.
ugh! my stupid windows movie maker isnt lettin me view my movies!! so annoying  i'm sad
@angelgregzion I've never seen it.  I am not much of a movie buff.
renting a movie on itunes is taking waaaay too long to download 
FINISHED!!!!!! haha except for some major film editing.. 
@kogibbq Do you guys ever come to Hollywood area?  lol
Fark! Basically *all* IMAX Transformers tix are sold out next week. A few left for 11pm sessions.  Time for a rethink...
@Megillo I just couldn't find a good medium to keep the volume on throughout the movie. 
@MGiraudOfficial I've wanted to see that movie! I went to the video store today to rent it and it was gone 
watching a movie by myself.. thanks @MarielleLoreto..  just kidding, ily.
@gLProductions lol...it's like bad porn but without sex 
i'm trying to watch an old lifetime movie but my internet is going too slow...and youtube isnt helping! &gt; 
Having a movie night, good sleep. Then, a stack of work to do tomoz. Just wish my serial killer movies had arrived 
ahh can't sleep  going thing the movie airplane is on to keep me entertained
ahh can't sleep  good thing the movie airplane is on to keep me entertained
@AdeelED i mean, why do hollywood blockbusters have to have such unnatural acting? devoid of human emotion. that's not acting man! 
want elle to go to da movies 
@jamestubb did you like the film? i really want to see it but everyone tells me everyone else says it's terrible 
Trying to find a movie to watch..its really hard tp pick 
home. didn't enjoy the movie. actor's acting sucks! 
@thecraigmorris Hollywood you say? Hollywood?! You PROMISED I could come  (ur mean)
so many good movies and i had to watch the scary one 
i hate horror movies, and i hate dedication, 
@Princesshalana glad you like it too! i just miss her doing comedy. 
I don't think I was fully ready for the vhs to dvd switch, because all of my fave disney movies are still on vhs 
http://twitpic.com/54gtw - and all her lives are up..R.I.P.mew!!!!..the last pic i took with her!!! 
welp the movie is over...  it was really good tho
Agh I love Hollywood. I don't want to leave 
woo! the dance was amazing! promotion was so sad thoo  going to the movies nowww
@NorCalChika haha i would say let's catch a movie or somethin but i'm in vegas 
in soo muchh pain  goinn to get icecream &amp; a movie
@tothewestside i love that movie &amp; i think my kid would too. i wanted to get it for him for his b'day tomorrow but couldn't find a copy. 
and i feel like crying when i see demi (rosie) crying in the movie  haha, i might cry like a baby right now xD
@truffle_shuffle He was really hot in the movie. But when I see pics of him...I feel nothing 
@artlinkgallery it upsets me seeing how kewl soldiers &amp; secret agents r in movies &amp; how easy they kill jerks like him, but it's all false 
I miss being able to see movies that only open in ny and la. Seriously a lot of great movies don't make it to the flyover states 
watching the tinkerbell movie  i feel gayyyyy
@ChieriNagase, I know what you mean!  So what if he's just &quot;playing himself&quot; in movies? At least his real self is interesting enough!
is sad that she cant go to the movies cuz everyones busy. 
i dont really like watching scary movies by myself 
@dbest1a I had wanted to see that but its on showtime or something and I don't have any movie channels 
End up with pasta... so easy to do lol Think I'll go rent a movie. Nothing good on TV tonight... 
stupid movie i hate choo rogers!  it stopped in the exciting part!!!! booooooo!
GALLAGHER is goig to be at the bar next to Hollywood video next friday.  $20.  i have to stupid work, and matt will be in stupid boston. 
I want to watch a scary movie but I'm afraid to watch one by myself 
So...going upstairs and watching a movie by myself... 
@helena_horror It sounds amazing!  But I got a 404. 
@Bytor2112 I need to go read the synopsis of that movie. I never saw it.   I'm sure your joke is hysterical though.
@FelicityGilbert hey, Imax Transformers wed/thurs next week instead of tues? It's not out tues 
@flick_k too mean 
@jaffizzle aww  haha. ew it was a boring movie!
@vytnguyen wine and a movie by yourself 
i just watched the scariest movie  i need my soldier im so freaked out!! 
im watching meet the robinsons! this movies so sad! 
missing ny..watching a movie that takes place in the uppereastside 
yay for bootleg movies boo for no more wine 
@nickrampage did you hear they're making a new buffy movie....without the buffy cast. 
@sabinwonderland my continuous love for paramore should remain a secret. i wish you were here and not in a wheel chair for it  what movie?
Okaaaay.... what else is on? Deniro just shot Pacino 
@FashionGuru nooooooooooooo! I wanted to see that movie I can't believe you just did that without a spoiler alert! 
What to do? *bored*  I feel like watching a movie or something...
movie stopped and wont play. 
*the cartoon show not the movie 
The @netflix website is down for schedule maintenance. I wanted to watch a movie now 
@Montelimart63 I can't. My parents are watching a movie. 
@jelleybean13 omg me too.. she died that same day she saw the movie 
@KarizmatkStalyn I don't have the dough for all these lovely movies though 
failed to pirate some movies from sir esty. 
watching another movie all by my lonesome little self  
new moon the movie isnt coming out until november. thats tooo far away.  is paramore going to be in the new moon soundtrack???
@mandiiurie haha ive never seen the whole movie i always get distracted.....english 
wants a good movie to come on tv 
@Arcysparky I havent seen a decent movie in years! They all seem to be remakes &amp; standard hollywood vomit 
working 9-4:30 movie gallery and 5-10 photolaabb 
The movies suck right now... 
@xcocochanel i know  ahah comedy xD
you know what, I miss @52flicks 
can't sleep so is watching a risque foreign film alone in bed. 
@filmfare aww! I love that movie and it is a very emotional scene, I cry every time I watch it  poor vivek though I feel sorry for him...
fucking underworld movie. i am sick of you not working of my playstation. i just don't want to admit the damn thing is dying on me 
@melissareich i feel so stupid.. i upgraded the script but was too lazy to see if it was still working right.. 
i am a movie neard so going to the movies alone because my boyfriend don't want to spend time with me other than when we are home... 
Watching click! god this movies sad 
@octoberxswimmer xtina ricci is my absolute fave actress, but i heard that movie was horrid  is it true?!
@Tayzor Haha congrats, I was sad to hear you were laid off  I need my Hollywood connection
@notperfectisgud long story..didn't get to go to the movies 
ooohh somebody help meeee! proposal jogja indie movie fest!! 
I should be going to the movies with the swimteam 
aww demis crying  @ddlovato @selenagomez this movies good already
@brainstuck damn i am watching paying guest another senseless comedy. Frnds refused for a sci fi action movie 
in other news...i'm loving the hangover soundtrack and movie! sad the whole thing's not on itunes 
Working..  but then to the movies with a cute boy!
film festival was good today kinda, minus the migrane 
@timothydanger i like to eat chinese food by myself and watch some old kung fu or drama movies. lol i'm lame 
not going to the movies... 
Really wishes her and the hubby could have a dinner/movie date. 
omg i saw the princess protection programme today best movie EVER!! i cried waching some of it though 
Amazing movie. Just so sad  dogs are really amazing.
Wants to see a movie but doesnt want to go alone 
@pop_noir_porn I didnt research it! lol! I just eat enough of them to know  lol
@jennettemccurdy aww thats sad. i love michael cera; he shouldnt be put in a bad movie 
uhh no movies tonight  instead just picking up @meliamiller &amp; getting pizza &amp; renting movies.
@jameskysonlee  Where I can watch your movie officially online? b/c scifi.com doesn't seem to have it readily available. 
Is home from the @the script and is not amused that they abandoned their fans 
@TOFeeny sorry dude just wrapping Q&amp;A with filmmakers now  you missed it
@acryfromthesoul I mean, they were considered guilty, but of a minor offense. There are many movies about it... it's not a legend. 
Terestrial tv doesn't cater for those awake&amp; ill at 2am! Picks of 2 horror films &amp; big brother 
@TinaTwinkleToes yeah  one of the very few movies I don't mind crying
can't go to the movies because the power's out   guess we'll have to rent one!!
The things I miss with the fam is movie/sitcom nights  everyones too busy now and getting older
Superbad is over! 
No vampire movie for us. I'm not taking these brats anywhere tonight. 
But I don't have a movie partner 
Even the &quot;normal&quot; Hollywood couples can't stay together these days  http://bit.ly/e1TT4
@lisarinna I have never laughed so hard in my life as I did at that movie.  Definitely a good ab workout! 
in bed bc I have not slept since yesterday...besides in the movie theatre just now  Really wanted to see that movie too...
i miss drive-in movies 
@fmraydeeoh why didnt u leave the movie 
i really want to go to the movies with my frendz but i cant 
watchin some boring movie on tv should be out somewhere...not feelin good though 
@Hollywood3115 i wrote you all day! you wrote me 0 times! 
sooo im watching a movie ive watched a millionnn times and i lovee loveee lovee it but i dont know what its called 
I am such a lame-o. At home watching movies, by myself... 
is sick watching the jacksons movie on a friday 
I hate movies on mtv. 
i want my cousin's hannah montanna movie dvd.  ))
Movie was sold out, plans for tonight are no more... Bummmmer 
@jtrobins LMAO I loved that movie! making me so hungry for a damn burger 
@2legittooquit i dont know! this movie is insane  im goodish, how are you?
 if you liked the buffy the vampire slayer! well then listen in theres going to be a new movie but it might not have the same actors! 
@ThriftStoreGirl both great movies but ive seen em already 
@wardere aww, i wanted to see that movie!! sorry about that... too bad! 
Just got back from the movies &amp; my body still aches from baseball 
@CrissyVilla10 aww that movie makes me cry..  reminds me of some speacial ppl I know
I just finished watching a movie called 'shuttle'. It was pretty sick &amp; I dont know how anyone could film that. 
@dhewlett it was a definite fail... and there's talk of a 5th movie 
@luisa_gomez awww we were still in the movie when you called 
didn't watch a movie....  but ate at barona buffet! with fam + boy! sokay, i'll have my movie marathon!
now its raining. this is a horror movie waiting to happened!! 
No interestin movie releases ths week 
 MTV isnt showing music videos this morning b/c of the new summer movie friday whateverrrr crap. SO now i need to find something else =p
up watchin a movie....he sleep 
forrest gump is a sad sad movie 
@jesseruben what?! i havent seen that movie since i was a kid   i am atreyu! hahaha....great movie
ordering Chinese for dinner and watching Ratatouille, having sat in an under construction cafe all day typing in results... yay weekend?? 
@cheesescorn it ain't plAying at the doc 
@meaghanellenxo omg ! that movie  its so sad and so beautiful!!
movies was hell. amd i didnt get much sleep 
@gemery8 only seen the film, really really good but yeah, pretty sad 
Watching the parent trap!!! (my fav movie ever!) then...-sigh- more studying science 
Right, the lascars' film ain't that great floppy script and flat narration after 45min. 
@ReBeLR it was cool, chilled out and watched a movie that had me scared and caused me bad dreams 
been in senci, now in ps, they ran out good spots in cinema 
I'm quite disappointed on the twilight movie. They cut out alot of scenes  I hope they wont do that on the up-coming movie new moon
bored  .....thinking of watching some movies....
bored bored bored... lets watch a movie?? but homework 
@DiscoNap omfg that movie is sad! 
The hangover is probably the BEST movie. I lost my bberry  
@skatergator777 :O woow that movie was on fx. I dvred it but the last 5 mins if the movie got cut off after the timer 
Wow I'm watching the best short films on logo right now, some are making me sad 
Why do movies always kill off the dogs? 
somebody is out for movie n has nt even asked me 
No good movie releases this weekend 
I thought to watch a movie tonight, but no, it's sports on the screen again 
Hollywood museum closed 
The only truly noble character in the novel, really.  Makes for good drama, but it's like drowning one of my own children.  
ai what a movie  http://myloc.me/4Hdc
i miss seeing wolverine lol...i loved that movie 
ooppsss,tatort tonite. i missed the film. too bad 
@OMGitsNoelle nope! I was proper disappointed! It's on the soundtrack, but isn't actually featured in the movie. 
@lostinnorfolk Looks like a good film but I've got no chance of hubby watching it with me 
watching golf w/the parents. now off to some movie I don't want to see - too bad they don't want to see The Hamgover 
watchin mary pickford doc. cinespia is playin the graduate tonight. such a good movie. my throat and ribs still hurt. ugh 
@greekdud really?! I think so.. I wanna watch it once again  it's a great film! I like all the childrens characters!
just watched the saddest movie ever  hotel for dogs
Yesterday in the film program, we started filming with the exterior scenes.  I got a sunburn 
marley &amp; me is a sad movie 
these mixed reviews on year one are discouraging me. i've been looking forward to this movie for sooo long 
Oops i was reading the Trannies 2 movie adaption comic lol. (It's the actual movie in comic form) I saw how it ends ugh 
Whenever I watch a specific period movie I always cry a little bit because I'm not there anymore. 
Just got back from cinema...now i'm going to have nightmares 
The korean drama movie store is closed down 
Easily the most horrific film I  ever seen  by quite a distance + I seen a few-bloody hell-brutal
@Hedder37 not when she's eating a bone while you're trying to watch a movie and playing and growling 
 i could be at a movie right now with someone...
I'm missing my kiki-kinz... our movie is on and I'm watching it alone 
@youcollme Are we speaking across the ocean or are you here right now? I don't like going to the movies alone 
@JaylaStarr that movie sucks! i saw it in theaters 
watching a movie, and missing her best friendd thats in north carolinaa 
@xclusivebby omg .. that movie is the truth .. u might cry 
no movies..... 
just saw &quot;the hangover&quot; w/jimmy...it was hilarious but the movie theater air made my cough &amp; cough &amp; cough 
No the four dollar movie theatre is closed 
just finished watching selena the movie so sad   
Ive watched 5 films, i thought that would do the trick but they just made me think about him more 
watching a movie to fall asleep never works for me...  i end up getting into the movie and watching the whole damn thing 
so far, paul blart mall cop is one of the worst movies i've ever seen. i was super stoked for it. 
@ALLTHEWEIGH loved the movie sad ending 
marley and me  sucha sad movie.
That movie made me cry like a baby! 
woo, got 2 rolls of film back from walgreens. i wish it wasnt so dang expensive. almost $30 
pursuit of happyness is a sad movie  will smith at his best.
marley and me wasn't a good movie choice  i miss my dog.
Movie with mary and truly! Now im going home wishing josh was back 
I want to see beauty and the beast or aladdin. Or another old disney cartoon movie. I want a magic carpet. 
Just woke up on the couch after sleeping thru sat nite. Even missed the end of funny movie I was watching. 
@CristinaPuentes the movie theater lol. i didn't ever find a second job tho 
watching movies alone 
so now we're stuck here for the night in a motel that looks like it came straight out of a horror movie #pleasesendhelp 
Yay for watching movies in my pjs. Not so yay for missing you 
just watched like a three hour movie arizona iced tea reminds me im leaving soon 
is only 4 way from owning 200 movies! so close! 
And they also have pursuit of happyness on tv  that movie makes me cry an to think it was based on a true story 
i want to watch the new movie the ugly truth... can't wait any more 
the christian the lion documentary was so sweet. 
Why are korean movies so heartwrenchingly depressing? 
yay finished my essay! thank god! thats 3 down 4 to go! freakin hell  tomoro Eurotrip meeting yay!!! i get excited ova the dam meetings!
Reading: http://bit.ly/5HW7u  Movie industry stinks! 
@littlefurybug I feel so sorry for you love.  really, I do. (btw, if this was a movie, we'd make MILLIONS!)  &lt;3 x
That movie 2012 scares the hell out of me. 
Aly just put on some scary horror film!  think I might take his fathers day present back if it's really scary
@LRHeinrich i wanted to skype but didn't see you guys.......i was so depressed i went to the movies...... 
The Hangover was such a funny movie. i really wanna go see transformers 2 but im gonna be gone for the next 10 days 
@sheeva_c i doubt it. They r both busy with their movie .ouch !i m broken hearted 
no new movies in arena 
I did.  we can still see it. Lets just hope its in theaters when i come back.
Is missing Angels and Demons  kinda wish they had skipped the entire ceremony and just shown the film
is bummed street dreams movie isnt playing here. 
I slept absolutely horrible.I blame that damn &quot;black dahlia&quot; movie.I think of messed with my psyche 
ok so i want some studio ghibli film stills/art to give someone as a birthday present but can't find any 
@lauraLOVESmcfly dunno == , we're not going to the cinema anymore 
watching marley and me i luv the movie but it is rlly sad 
I will miss going to movies with my mom when I move. 
Osian cinefan film fest to be held in october from this year!! long wait now 
is sad because @INVADERashley isn't comiong to the movie wednesday!! 
@colbyrne hey!  TS is a great film! awesome screenplay just like the original
I give this movie two thumbs down 
my fone is being estoopida!!! i wannna go c a movie but no1 else wants to go   booo
@nextread Those film covers libraries use R made esp. 4 libraries. I once asked a librarian where I can get'em. I so want'em. 
Just watched the trailer for my sisters keeper, think that will be a film that i'll have to wear waterproof mascara to the cinema 
@npilon I borrowed the first dvd from a friend in high school and own the movie. That's all I've seen of it. 
I'm trying to convince @MissJess that she wants to see Transformers but it's not working very well.  I need a boy to go to movies with.
@nova9 Hangover was funny, but it was much too hyped it. argh. i hate when movies are super hyped up. ruins my expectation 
@hawknelson Wish they had what? It trails off...  I loved the movie. There were a few moments that didn't make sense,
At the movies watching YEAR ONE. Its not such a great movie. 
is wondering why she is watching scary movies alone. 
http://tinyurl.com/nbt8qp (via @Superbad24) nooooooo I love them tho they have 8 kids  I thought they'd work it out :'(  I'm gonna go cry
@courtneyneyjean It's so depressing!  I need to watch a comedy after this, I think!
paying bills while my roomates are at the movie...i hate growing up 
@appelezmoiGaby I was able to save some of the doc...it was silly...made me grumpy 
@hannah092 that films cool so why didnt you make it last night 
Just got home from practice. Where's my sunshine?  Ratatouille, then sleep!
Watching the free movie for free-no popcorn or drinks. @bobbyreed will be so proud! Last week it cost us $18.50. 
@SimsGalore me too but my city doesn't have a movie theater 
just watched dragonball evolution with 2 of my friends. such a bad movie  but i bett the second one will be much better.
@toky - I was the product director for that film once  
everyones seen it apart from me  my cinemas is too far away
@Superbad24 yeah I just noticed... 
@ajrafael first goku now aang!!! my little heart can't take much more, if they did a movie it should be a full legnth animated geeze. 
@Fearless_xo That film is the scariest thing ever 
I wanna cuddle on a couch and watch disney movies. 
marly and me was such a sad movie  left me feeling shit
I need more polaroid 600 film but all the packs on ebay expire soon  that's the suck part about digital
@ch0colatechip I need to go to the movies!!  where is that from? lol
@S____ yall going to the movies 
@KGraceLive I don't remember the swamp thing movie 
@fantasticfest  Airbender: except for the stunning lack of Asians in the cast http://tinyurl.com/qlfd5w  
I have my movie downloaded, ugh now to put it on a disk. So far no luck 
Transformers 2 = sold out  oh well, movie night at my house sounds good too.
 movie theater here isnt doing midnight showings. wearing my starscream t-shirt. feels good
@derekhelmer you are just making me miss the IMAX even more 
is sad that she doesn't have Monet to see Transformers when it goes into theaters tonight at midnight 
@katementon  should i move? i can't watch a movie with no sound!!  
Nobody does bad reviews like Ebert - Transformers 2 get the one-star treatment. http://digg.com/d1ueXK (via @gavinpurcell) bummer 
@mrdirector09 the fact that youre going to see the movie w/o moi... 
now we continue with Atonement  bahahaha omg its still really really hot  suuucks!!!
almost halfway through twilight now, its like that harry potter feeling when i think of the movie, they left so much out 
ahhh photos for alice and wonderland...can't wait to the movie...can't believe it isn't until 2010 
Bdubs then Transformers 2 at 12:01 in IMAX. What a perfect way to end the day. work at 7am tomorrow though... 
@kneeeeecole awe I wanted to watch it in IMAX. 
Looks like I'm hitting the movies alone 2nite...12:15 Transformers...no one wants to go with me 
I'm having trouble DLing the transformers movie 
While I was typing that last tweet, the power went out in our theater. I'm sorry Kubrick, bad movies are bad movies. 
wishes it wouldn't take weeks for Transformers 2 to come to theaters here 
Watching a movie, ugh I hate being sick. 
My dvd player isn't working properly so no movie. 
@CristinaTamargo to ur new spot?! I'll hit u! The movie doesn't start til 10:40 tho 
@itslikesovonni it was in the movies  I tried to catch em he had on a 05 fubu jersey
getting bummed......cant find the movie 
@comeagainjen I hope ur in the wizards movie. I didn't c u in the trailer!  r u gonna b in the movie???
i want to see transformers movie so bad but i couldnt 2day. 
Just got a horrible call about a missing pet...enjoyment of movie now gone 
The movie; Year one sucks 
@jasonkrodriguez We didn't get any movie trailer previews! 
@idrtakeover man that is so disappointing i was really looking forward to seeing it  its sad that ppl put so much junk in movies 
Ugh full, I wish I could watch movies with hubbie right now 
I watch the movie 17 again is so cool zac is great actor jaja but i bored in the final . 
so i went to the movies today, it was a total chaos, everyone got crazy about the transformers movie, i got no tix   bah! I'll wait...
@FerdinandFelix  it was niceee i think? i wasnt feeling well kasi thats why i ended up sleeping!  when i woke up the movie was done! haha
Almost one year to watch &quot;The Last Airbender&quot;  http://bit.ly/X2sfF
just watched Slumdog Millionaire !! and Valkyrie umm both were good, but I really didn't understand Valkyrie 
@simikn  yuck don't bum me down I'm watching shahrukh movie
@twiobsession btw they didn't leave emily outta the movie. You dont see much of the whole pack in pix either  role play?
transformers 2 =21% on rottentomatoes.  Much as I hate critics I've never seen a movie that low end up good.  watch anyway or... 
@kihnfolk i think i started the movie too late. hahah 
I just realized I sprained my finger. I was sitting here watching an instant movie on netflix.  I'm falling apart!!
Just saw the transformers movie. I don't think I liked it. 
@jessicaweis NOOO!  ps, nice sound effects from the  movie in your tweets. ;)
The tickets issueing is still not functioning http://www.ticketslk.com/  #fail and sltickets.com doesn't have the movies.. 
This movie blows - marge fell sound asleep 
got her polaroid today! yipee! but why are the films so expensive 
Yeuuuch! I'm being forced to watch a chick flik Nights In Rodanthe. Pauvre moi.  chik flix make me cry
@selenagomez i havent watched the movie. damn 
@lucituttle  about the year without sex movie.
once again, people! don't be spoilers. i still havent seen the transformers sequel so don't tell me the story, the movie, the effects etc 
I will never again go to see a movie without first reading matt mungle's review. Transformers... 
@darkhorizons All the guys who saw the movies in theaters are old now 
@CullenHouse me too...I've seen 2 movies there this week and no trailer at either 
Still no topic boards on my IMDB 
@jyeags Just saw this reply. $3.50 is a hell of a deal. The cheapest you can get a ticket here for a normal movie theater is around $9. 
is bored at home  mmm what movie do i watch??
jason sorry you couldnt see the movie last night  i got my tickes for tomorrow since last thu..... in IMAX
a walk to remember always makes me teary eyed.  i love that film.
@Alexandracopley hum...I must change film. 
http://twitpic.com/8ddwj - I know it's blurry but this is my first sighting of a Junebug this year 
@itsakx I want tooo as well. But I am scared that it'll be another movie with all the hype and no matter 
i could have been a extra in michael seater's new movie 
Last full day here.  Hopefully I'll see Tranformers today.
@atomictiki Listened yesterday. Hollywood-tone aside, when it comes to the business of the big two, there is some truth in what he says. 
Transformers 2- frantic goofballism for first 20 min does not bode well for rest of movie  
mock + documentary=mockumentary  
@citrusandcandy because of the movie or the person asking you out? 
@MrPeterAndre 7 pounds is an awesome film 
I wanna get stonded and watch this movie again 
@MiltyKiss sadness! but they are credited in the movie! 
at all: what are your favorite cinema film aktually? i have no answer until yet...that's no help for me 
@JaylaStarr &quot;drinking the drugs&quot; is a line from a movie I was just kiddin with yah girl!   http://bit.ly/kyDjD watch @ 2:20 u'll get it ;)
watchin movies... chillin 
@nmogha9 I've never seen that movie, but I like the quote 
@sarallenconsult habe not tried that - I love watching movies and I get to watch 5 or 6 back to back !!! How cool is that 
Is watching a zombie movie with paul, her random late night visitor. 
@LisaMurray i want to see that film so bad. glad you got to see it and enjoyed it. 
i can't wait for the hannah movie!!!!! 
@film24 as long as it's not hot dogs... 
@MattBovell I never want to know that horror 
is indeed going offline and watching this movie. 
@ARIZZLE718 no it's not. flim is the jafaking version of film but it has extra ladies so the L goes first 
@brendonuriesays http://twitpic.com/2y9sg - love that movie. and song that is playing at this scene. 
@RayDillon I heard that movie was good . I gotta watch it 
@sftbllstar16 love the movie! but considering your fb status, i love that song too  
Watching a movie with mom and dad 
At the movies 
Just getting back from watching a movie at Sharons with her gazillion doggies. 
@dirkjohnson its not quite one...im watching a movie  *snuggles*
Thinks 17 Again is the best movie ever! 
I highly recommend 'the boat that rocked' fking awesome film 
@vindiekins Of course not.  And I'd be sunk if I could only watch DVDs in company - I'd have watched a fifth of the films I've covered.
the boat that rocked is a good film 
is watching movies in bed 
@theendtime lmao i love me a good comedy 
@BlakeFox nope - but I did manage to scoop up some tickets for the first weekend at the IMAX - wish you and drew could join us 
going to watch a movie this afternoon  
Has added an unreleased movie into my ipod... not bad quality, actually really good... 
@AngelWeber sorry I did not view your answering. i don't know the film. amazon vote 5 stars. sounds good  so i am hungry. see you. bye
@LondonDiva still hard to tell the sex. they're all beautiful though!  we'll be posting pics sometime today. goin to get a movie now.ttyl!
@Borat on what irc server aer those channels?? maybe i can join hehe 
best movie I've seen for a long long time, really good I'm in love with it so far 
stuffed. working out, shower,movie night, thn sleeeeeep 
is off to cheesecake factory and movies 
@KyleGallner i voted for you and got a few others to vote too i've seen all those movies and honestly thought yours was the best 
@markhoppus i just saw a commercial for 'seventeen again', that movie with zac efron, and in the background i heard 'what's my age again' 
Watching 102 dalmations lol. Movie date with sky soon 
@nhmacomber its comin on sky movies! 
@FoskettPhoto thanks!  wanna come over and keep my company while i finish torturing myself by watching this movie? 
aww.. the holiday... probably one of my favorite modern romance movies 
@rob_caporetto we are so *TOTALLY* gonna @MINM that!  IMAX if poss...
slumdog millionaire was a really good movie. too sad though, i wont be watching it again for some time  but very nice ending 
back from movies 
shelb and i shall have a movie fest 
@matthewgood oh it's great! we love that movie 
@WarrenMoney its is a damn good movie 
@michellegreer I empathize with the going home to see a movie, but few art shows would get me off the couch  
is watching a movie with the baby 
gone to see a movie 
@zublime75 I was addicted to that movie for about a week. What can I say? I got kids. 
Just at home watching Disturbia  loveeeeeeeeed this movie its awesome 
Movie night.  yes at work! better than nothing!
yay its raining  !! ! raining = movies ! movies = food !!  
Splif &amp; Changeling (w/ angelina jolie) heard it was a good movie 
@danecook my fav u movie is my best friends girl....nevermind the badly done poster.lol 
about to watch hella new movies ill give some reviews later! 
Is having spaghetti with wine and studied a little Italian and is watching the movie Seven Pounds. 
@tiffunnyfranco i'm watching that too! i love the old disney channel original movies 
Reading a jemi movie on youtube this story is saaaaad but i like it 
watching movies on austar, loveeeeeeeeeeeeee austar 
@IAmGareth I hope the best bits are not in the advert!! This is my favorite of the books so I have my fingers crossed for a good film 
is going to the cinema later 
that was a good movie. enjoy 
watching a movie called daddy daycare 
movies movies movies!!!! i love the movies 
watching spiderman 2. good movie 
watching eagle eye!  mmm for shia labeouf in this movie.
converting my fave movie to mp4...i can now watch my baby wherever I go!! 
talking to mamzie and making movies 
getting ready to take jaxson to the the movies 
watching the new shippuuden movie &lt;3 awesome. that's all i could say. but i don't understand a word without subtitles 
getting readyy to go to the movies to see adventureland 
@selenagomez that film is so good, i could see it a million times 
I love popcorn movie nights 
recovering my movies 
watching the fifth element. god i love this movie. milla jojovitch is insanely talented. mooolteeepass 
watching twilight  ilove this movie hehe
the brooke eLLis0n story.. fave movie of aLL time.. truLy inspiring..  
3 days then I'm off to Tribeca Film festival 
@MariahCarey its great!  i think you'll appreciate that movie especially when you'll watch it with kids 
@shortword myself and @lkutner have the kinda same, I don't mind chick flicks, she grin and bares some tech movies 
watching my favorite movie- the prince of egypt  and studying microbio 
@nufenwen I We don't have exams this year, but we need to make a making-off. Movie's going alright. 
@moviegeeks My brother loves that movie... I took him to a press screening and it was the only movie he saw that year 
@bilblogz Really? That's one of my favorite movies. 
@oliviafloats me and tori want to go see that earth movie if you want to go with us 
@mannyg7 my boss just told me he loved twilight the movie  all my raving convinced him to rent it! LOL
is away to the germany film festival 2 nite  xoxoxox
Really wants to see the hannah montana movie! The cowboy is super cute 
back from the movies.  What's twitter up to?
I'm not too concerned. She thinks I've got crap taste in movies so, if she hated it, I'll probably love it! 
@jake_gyll why not twitter some movie reccomendations? i'd dig that 
smoking hookah &amp; watching movies 
going to the movies tonight with my dad yay 
@AndreeaBerghea ce film? 
@RealAlyStoner who is your favorite actor ? 
watched movies all wk/e lol 
http://www.babelgum.com - A link to said film festival if anyone's interested in 'The Linguists' or any other film on there #linguistics 
@gnomeangel O.o i watched that yesterday hehe, its a good girly film 
the duchess is such a good movie  you should allll see it
@SickPuppyDawg the movie that is.. not the pants 
and i think its brilliant that i get followed by H2 the Movie without mentioning Halloween 
downloading movies 
@babychoops apsh yes I read it  and dyou watch the movie ?
Watching 'TAKEN' with my hubby at the dollar movies! 
just got done watching step up 2  love that movie!! hahaha.
ohai. getting ready to watch inuyasha movies. lmao. I feel lameee. 
AMAZING movie. I swear. my favorite thing is when an audience claps at the end of a movie. 
just got done swimming with hannah, now we're watching movies! 
@websmith1 You find interesting movies. Sounds like a good one...  
just finished watching twiligh  watching some movie called misery
@empiremagazine -btw Hollywood's considering movie option 4 Secret of the Sands b/c it has Blockbuster potential -hope 2b in ur mag 1day! 
Oh by the way its dodgeball.  i heart this movie
@ioda006  well, how can you complain about any movie you get to see for free, eh? 
@RobPattinson_ Heyyy, i cant wait for the new film! ...I have to say I was impressed to see that your a musician, amazing voice on you 
just saw wolverine the origin and taken. they are amazing. two of the best movies ive ever seen... 
just came back from hollywood, after being lost and taking the metro running after it. What an adventure...lol...   
lol, the tagline of the new seagal movie : 'they took his daughter. so he's taking them down' are they even trying to come original?? 
back from the movies and now time to sleep 
clueless is such a great movie  i love itttttt!  ~m
loves watching movies  http://plurk.com/p/rbqn1
@RealHughJackman I loved you in all your movies and wolverine is no exception! 
i am fan of brit movies 
@tonysloan is that a movie or are you obsessed with something? lol. 
grease is one of the best movies ever  
@crunchyapples short films.. 
Unproductive day. Except for pilates. Now a scary movie! 
@neety_7 i love that film , even preeti too 
not watching the movie i told you i was. lol it looked kinda boring 
yesssss spy kids is on  haha used to love that movie
Me and ali have been together for 2 years today. Out shopping just now then for some tapas and a movie 
Shopping, pizza, then lots of movies!! 
@mileycyrus i saw the hannah montana movie last night and i just wanted to say i thought it was really good!! so congrats on the movie 
just watched the movie &quot;Fanboys&quot;  amazing, just simply damn great  // cool http://gykd.net
i was just watching i now pronounce you chuck and larry. its a good movie 
drop dead fred is the best movie ever!! 'and they lived happily ever after... thats bullshit!' 
is letting creativity sink in. filmy film. 
Watching a movie laterrr!   // cool http://gykd.net
@kimi84 you can still catch on the movie 
Off to see Coraline  at a Cineworld   hey ho, once you're inside it's less horrible.
movies.shopping. &amp; who knows  
I've been sleeping during this whole thing...biggest waste of time. Hollywood later 
role models, rachel getting married, seven pounds, and the changeling...should be a good weekend for movies I haven't seen. 
@lisa_s25 that movie scared me! 
At the cinema waiting for wolverine to start     
Getting ready for the Hollywood tour 
@HaticeMG omg that would be amazing! a @Jonasbrothers 3D movie every year! haha  they should make them last longer though
@themeekshall I think i already saw the movie, I was talking about the fisheye pix!  hehe! We've already signed for the Photomarathon!
frustration at it's finest. But I am excited for epic movie monday! 6 movies of straight stellar-ness. 
i am worken on my new movie new moon it fun 
Movie for tonight: It's a wonderful life 
Movie change; blair witch project, olivia is gonna freak!! 
watching the new wolverine movie then obsessed...yay 
@ClaireEYoung haha lol. thats because men dont like movies like that  
@cinemacities  i'm not surprised. shame he didn't keep his scottish accent in the movie though.
home from dha movies; beyonceeee is beyond it!  lmao0
watching old alfred hitchcock movies with @mikesterG 
i love how disney channel plays their old movies at night  their a lottt better than the shiiit they have now.
leevn the movies with he   
waiting to go to the movies 
Listening to @mileycyrus 'Butterfly fly away'. I seriously cried when this played in the movie. One of my favorite songs ever 
@RealHughJackman my friend your movie was extremely epic! I'm an aspirig actor so maybe we can do a movie one day 
look a film with my brother 
Movie freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek is synonymous to sowmiya 
@weirdstuffhere watch into the wild or shawshank redemption or the jacket or wild child  a variety of films (types) there for you!
About to see king kong the movie on tnt 
This is one of my favorite movie scene ever  http://bit.ly/waJv5
@RealHughJackman i haven't seen it yet but i know it is a great movie. me and my brother want to watch it here in the Philippines. 
Watching about last night, then huckabees...  Movie day with isa   // cool http://gykd.net
@MissxMarisa haha yeah i've seen a live film clip of that!!! i'm drinking beer and southern comfort 
I just can't wait for the next harry potter movie and twilight saga movie   // cool http://gykd.net
@problogger LOL! indeed its a funny movie. I've seen that movie twice myself 
it's an awesome movie 
Late night movie and cuddling with the husband.   // cool http://gykd.net
bordem as usual.. i want to see hannah montana the movie 
@treyirby It wasn't that bad of a movie... but yeah, that title is pretty appropriate. 
ah, so. going to fishkill around 11, i think. then getting stuff. getting movie tickets, off to applebees w/ frans! then xmen! 
@MikeLyrik hiii...i agree both wolverine and obsessed were really great movies 
Watching Movies 
@djmarc I got this one at amazon.com: http://is.gd/wmQN ... I like it that it's relatively small, easy to use, film is a little cheaper. 
im borrowing this movie.i appriciate it tiffany 
@christroodle i love that movie  was it your play?!
Some movie is on tv now 
edward norton movie marathon yay 
@nydia_nicole Ahhh man I hate that too.  That's why when I go to the movie theater I make sure to sit in the back row, so noone can kick 
@helen_bop sorry, i like to watch movies with explooosions!!! in them on a big screen. 
@Corsette: I miss you too!  I'll be home relaxing &amp; watching movies.  
haha! how was da movie..or did u end up not seein it at all? 
@b33lz3bub  lol i miss that movie! i have it around here somewhere. i gotta watch it 
@OfficialAshleyG I totally understand. I hope to one day be in film and television. 
is going to the cinema soon with her fy ffrindiau to see the wolverine movie.   // cool http://gykd.net
@mileycyrus hey just watched hannah montana the movie! it was great!!!  i loved the songs, i'm going around singing them to myself now =P
@Shiantology you should make a film about shiantology. I can't wait for your sundance film to be released to the masses. 
@peaches_g the best anime movie ive seen is kiki's delivery service, check it out you'll love it! 
@mklopez Sounds like you had an awesome weekend: comic books, movie and cupcake. 
Nothing like watching a movie with the kids.     
Movie time with the fam 
movies with mara 
Watching caramel... we love foreign movies 
bubba's, campisi's, tiff's treats and a movie 
@joyv I can't believe you're twittering while we double dip at the movies. Although 2nd movie wasn't as yummy as 1st one. 
watching a movie with alex 
just got home from watching wolverine. awesome movie. now i need some more taylor kitsch he is a hottie 
finally the kids are in bed with their dad  hmmm..i can just watch a movie in peace
@THEChesterDEAN Disturbia = awesome. 
@fannyruden i told u so! I LOVED groovy movies 
My spouse and I just went2see the new #wolverine movie http://www.x-menorigins.com/ Basically another frivolous fun action movie LOL 
i reckon another star wars movie should come out 
@reesnicole suggest any good dramas tho if u think of sum. I been in a tear jerker movie kinda mood 
jacuzzi,popcorn,movies=awesome going to bed soon i think 
is watching katharine hepburn movies.  
@facinta but at least u have iphone  hehe..eh so when's the planned FRIENDS catch up movie dinner date eh
@alicedric can't wait for it. i love your scripts. honestly, you should have a future career as a script writer  - Stock Twits
@MissxMarisa Borat is just so damn quotable.   ++ do you want the link to it?
going to the movies with clancy 
just bought 6 new movies 
the dutchess - such a sad film but still a fave... 
finished watching the movie 'mirrors'. I liked it but it really didnt do anything for me  5 out of ten i give it   // cool http://g ...
I am now following @TherealWill - One of my favourite actors! 
i just looove my bf  u are awesoome!!!! [hannah montana the movie was amazing  best movie ever!!]  // cool http://gykd.net
check out this funny movie  http://tinyurl.com/d3qwar
One liner movie reviews  http://bit.ly/18zd0k - can you add more? 
Off today! No wonder I love Mondays!  Movie theatre....here I come. 
@LaurenDayMakeup good morning hun! i loved the movie what happens in vegas~ it is such a good movie 
@LittleFletcher i LOVE lion knig ....it was my fav movie when i was a kid...i love it till now 
@jenndillingham  still need to see that movie ! I am all about vampires 
Today I plan on taking my music history final, then catching up on some movies at my movie theatre. 
in 8th grade yearbook: for narnia movie release blurb, pic of aslan and my skandar! 
baked a cake &amp; watching a movie. 
@twistedraisin and movies too!!! 
eating nothing, drinking water, about to watch a movie, join me? 
now watching kill bill vol. 1  i love movies so much.
Home from Ghosts of Girlfriends past with my lovely luddite  Not exactly high theatre, but a good date movie!
watching jurassic park.  i havent seen this movie in years.
ahhh ... i don't care, i love this movie in all it's cheesy-ness 
Watching boxing and waiting to go out to Hollywood tonight 
singing songs and filming movies  what i do best
@maryjanewatson I'm trying my dang hardest to not watch the movie again until I finish the book, again. 
pretty tired.. was going to the movies but decided against it.. im pooped 
bye! off to the movies with jake 
&quot;She threatened me, I patronized her, we didn't have anything to eat, but I thought there was a connection.&quot;    Movie night.
whoohoo! just went to get movies and junk food  its a womens night mwahaha &gt;
Watching a movie with sam 
Watch movie must 
My my I have never watched so many movies in one night with my mommy 
@tidewaterknits Definitely! I have usually found that critics know virtually nothing of what constitutes a good movie. Rarely am I wrong. 
is watching movies 
@lwcavallucci No... we didn't *like* it, we LOVED it!  The tone, the story, the chemistry between the actors/characters, all was perfect.
best part of that movie was that kirk was a total babe 
@vanessavaldeezy i'll go to the movies with you 
@jpblogger Nothing like &quot;RocknRolla&quot; which is another good film with rock in the title 
Just got home from dinner with my mommy and my new grandma. I'd rather be in Hollywood right now 
Movie night with kate 
@giannicash i saw a piece of that movie...loved it 
@sydeni_f_babei best two seconds of the movie 
@everhines http://bit.ly/QQe7B  heres the link  i'll be talking to you on hereeeeee about it during the movie (x
made $30 tonight watching 2 little kids swim and watch a movie!!! haha i love babysitting haha 
Bwahah I love the jackass movies!  I have chocolateeee!
Watching jackass the movie  http://twitpic.com/4wlgi
Borat was so less gay  http://bit.ly/iZkab
editing and watching movies tonight 
@vampire_peter let's smoke and watched dazed and confused. that's a perfect pizza movie too 
@loa_ricardo road movies indies rule  haha
watching the original sabrina the teenage witch movie. so different from the series but so rad 
Movie and popcorn time 
@MarshaCollier It was indeed, an excellent movie.  
@avgs I like only the james bond series. Thats what a spy movie is! 
@gulpanag watching dor on utv movies again great performance 
this is my movie weekend!! i've watched 5 movies so far 
mothers day..didnt do anything exciting...saw a movie 
Send Movie recommendations my way please anyone 
@OhaiGabriella O: aw, frank  i like that movie, it's cool. i don't fully understand, but i think that's cool (:
@sentimentalizzy lady in the water is pure bs, but i remember enjoying his other films. 
@mellalicious fey slays it in #30rock but title of that film sounds bad  #Inbruges is a funny indie little euro city hitman gone bad tale!
http://ping.fm/2UrGP (MPAA shows how to videorecord a TV)    via @Despil
meet the robbinsons! best movie ever 
On way to the wimbledon with @sweezle to watch star trek, IMAX baby 
is watching the jonas brothers special on sky movies 
if your into anything to do with motion graphics, 3D or film its an interesting watch 
listening to movie soundtracks is as good as watching the film. i loves them 
My dignity is intact ......... now if i'd spent 3 weeks on a film with him it would've been a different story 
hmmm.... i love movie the secret life of bees 
weird people. weird movie 
@karisalundberg  how about the rest of casino? or maybe somet a tad more upbeat...simpsons movie  
@SwagnerDesigns well, you guys do have an awesome movie theater up in the 'couve 
@dani6661 i love that film 
@mileycyrus hey miley, i'm excited to see your movie ,i bet its amazing !  i'm just always lstening to your music ,its amaze 
@tsag86  So did u enjoy the movies?
going to watch a gay movie 
going to dah movies 
@brookieballet wow! i'm jealous you got to see it! i'm glad it was really good  i got the movie for my bday ;)
watched the curious case of benjamin button. such a strange, yet beautiful film  well done.
movies with my momma  
@sabby33 ttyt  enjoy the movie
@triplep220 you are good. i should go to the gym. instead, i'm about to wind down and watch TV/movie 
What do you do if your stuck in a movie theater with a baby that won't go to sleep or keep quiet...wait in the lobby and twitter 
@melonphobia seeing that it is a cartoon, i  hope that it is much less sexy  i feel the need to waste 3 hours of life on that movie again
bride wars is a sucha good movie, aw 
@JJeventvibe seen all jay! They r awesome. One fav series of movies   http://myloc.me/I4t
watching a movie with the fam 
I can't wait for this movie to come out!  http://bit.ly/O7IiX
getting ready to watch Fireproof..working on a project..fun stuff! 
slumdog millionaire suuuuuuuuuch an amazing movie. i cant believe how much i love it!! gonna watch stardust soon after i eat my kfc 
im done reading angels &amp; demons and im so excited to watch the movie. 
@jessstroup  you are my idol. I have seen all your movies and definatly excited for tomatrow night  ahhh!
@katyperry one of the best movies EVER!!! 
watching gone in 60 seconds, i love this movie 
@curtsmith y'all got some great taste in fine film 
has just found out they sell pola film up the road! 
I give the movie my two thumbs up 
is watching a movie (momento), winding down, and painting my nails  &lt;3 #fb
watched 'Coraline' in 3D last night - my first 3D movie - was very good and the quality of 3D was facinating 
@biz ...that's the best movie in the world! be ready to be blown away! 
@PrincessVickie thats good you enjoyed the film 
finished my script 
just finished watching the rich man's wife..cool movie filled with thriller 
Hey people! :-D good morning, going to see star trek later on this evening at the IMAX  x
@andyroddick yesss! it's going to be an epic movie! 
@RhiannonKCTV5 ha guilty  can't WAIT for the new movie!
@snakebytestv ooo what kind of movie ? 
@MondoDan Who needs Cinemaslave when we have Mondo Movie and the Hollywood Saloon?  
@ddlovato Hollywood is like a business. It's annoying. This is the same everywhere. 
R 18+ movie on world movies.  you intrigue me. xD
bfast with david, working out/dogpark/movie/sleepover with sunmi 
@jakeisonline I studied film there and a few films turned out like that   (last tweet from wrong account)
ha! @jennbelle he's acting on film - he's himself here! glad you gave it a listen 
@jun6lee I'm very optimistic for the sequels, they should give both the characters and the story more room to breathe... also Klingons! 
cookout &amp;&amp; movie nite with the besttieee yayyy. 
@sarahjoybrown I was just lurking on your website and it reminded me that I saw your lifetime movie and loved it much. 
movies and wine 
i watched the wolvering movie on sunday it ws sooo good 
@ddlovato is tht a good movie??? never had the chance to watch it! hahahah  love u demi!!
watching the simpsons, the movie 
@imalexevans thats such a good movie (: enjoy. 
So I had a great movie night with my mom tonight.  I love romantic comedies! This movie was just laugh-out-loud-absurdly-over-the-top-fun!
corpse bride  love that movie !
@raderin delish.  was film fest good?
just got back from a movie w. my love  obsessed was an awesome movie! you must go watch it!
I've been cleaning and watering and weeding... and now i'm taking an ice ceam break and watching a movie with my favorite guy 
Movies with mommy! 
@antoniospinto It was amazing! I've never found an interest in those movies. But it was awesome 
mmmm I LOVE the movie taken.  I loved it at the cineemaa and I loooove it at home too 
i love to watch movies 
ha watchin scary movie true classic 
armageddon is the best movie ever!  simply love it
@SteffNasty ok then i expect to see a movie or something in film from you in the years to come 
angels and demon was a twisted book       and i really wanna frigN see the movie 
is wacthing lots of movies  
Angels and Demons: 50% faithful to the book, but a great movie nonetheless 
Trying to make hurricane popcorn and then a movie 
That was quite an excellent movie. 
just finished slumdog millionaire. crazy good movie. i can see how it won oscars. the dance scene at the end is fun too. 
Me and Marley is a sad movie... Slumdog Millionaire... love the ending 
http://twitpic.com/5cm28 - Ageliki's puppy Pacino, splayed out 
is about to watch disaster movie 
... there was no joke in there btw... There is a movie in it and it's not just a plastic disc I can see through 
@Broooooke_ lol, my fave movie  x
@_harold_ you couldn't pay me enough to watch that movie! well, maybe a million dollars 
Movie night with a box of munchkins,yeh! 
@sepiaverse  I thought those was the cutest lines in the movie..
Ironing whilst watching Atonement and drinking cider - life isn't so bad 
@robsteadman lol  i like them films
@gauravity hopefully one day it may be showed at a sci-fi film festival - I can only hope 
Going to the movies in a few. Angels and Demons, here I come. 
watching dude wheres my car, on star movies 
def going to the movies tonite 
@Nivzbaby the movies 
@noellex3 loveee @mitchelmusso in that movie. Hes superrr cute 
Getting ready to go to the movies !! 
eeek jonas brother 3d movie advert 
watching x-men origins at a cinema right now! 
@ShimTheDream I already loved the actor who played spok in heroes anyway which made the film so much better lol 
I am going to watch some movies 
@stourvalewalker lol don't know what happened probably wrong settings on the movie maker 
watching movies now 
trying to pick a movie to watch. anyone have suggeations? 
@OHMYDAYSitsHayz  i think south well a little town called redhill so im probss gunna watch the movie in crawley cinema lol  x
off to get some movies...be back soon!  love ya.
I guess he's the only person I can watch scary movies with lol 
Is @ Hollywood 
waiting for prince charming to come over after the movie  ?
 @ricandhislife haha did you. she went blockbuster.
@princessa79 I SO wanna see that movie!!! 
@theOlsens  that would be so nice if ur doing a movie together for us 
@allievictoria They gots good movies though!  I got a couple cutee VHSs
@anniedaum i have seen it too  the last film i have watched was &quot;slumdog millionaire&quot;
is still watchin movies  
@jaredmaine it was amazing. its a 'must-see' movie. 
just dyed my hair darker  and watchin garfield haha such a sweet movie 
going to ashley's for challenge me movie thingy 
Is piging out on movie food waiting 4 the movie 2 start! I love girls day! 
i just saw how movie kingdom was made.. kinda old but one of my favorite next to hannah montana  fan of the climb
Going to watch a movie with my mom 
going to see my first IMAX movie with nic. so excited. 
Movie time!!  'Not another teen movie' 
@KellykelKool Unfortunately I'm not a gamer.  I prefer to watch movies though!
My movie not working hate you internet 
disney movie marathon all night 
@jayant7k  its definitely a decent timepass movie... specially if u like light comedies, it could be a decent experience 
Has just finished the recordings and the pics of the rome movie...now need to edit it 
drinking some tea and watching a movie before I go to bed 
Movie I really want to see...The Hangover  lol
@joeslaughter  Wow you're old! (kidding!) I remember $1 movies as a teen...didn't see many movies as a little person...thx 4 the follow 
@hrag i feel like a total nerd for watching that movie, but i liked it!!!! 
the script are madd 
@ozsultan I believe he used some scripts. 
@chrisrunoff exactly what's happening to me now, its comedy 
just coming back from having a good time: shooting, and watching a movie with my bf 
@MkSurf8 enjoy the movie date! 
Screening some films for a film festival preview I'm writing soon! 
 well i think i should become an actor! that was rather convicing 
awwww rob on his way to Cannes, still miles away but a little bit closer  X
@Lily_scandalous ahh, wish I could be in Cannes right now, instead I'm in the office working my ass off,.. and well, twittering 
@Lily_scandalous the perks of your job are running around in a bikini in Cannes? awesome job 
@mikeyway thank you, movie review A++ 
Passed out watching a movie. Now I'm havin a bowl of fruity pebbles then back to bed. 
watching slumdog millionaire  i LOVE that movie
typing my script up 
i was going to bed and i had to watch the cage video 3 million more times...i recognize a place from his movie holes...lol 
is watching movies!! 
@iammyy im actually forward to night at the museum 2. the actor has gone from silly funny movies to good funny movies. 
@kellysparrow btw i was quite surprised about no relationship robert/vittoria. i mean no love\sex scenes in a hollywood film=weird 
really enjoyed the first god father movie, I am looking forward to watch the second part  my only complain is that they rushed the ending
@mpesce can i be in the studio audience- promise to behave! 
says yehey!! I'm done downloading a 900mb documentary movie! gtg... I'll watch this na!  http://plurk.com/p/uiu3u
i need a cup of hot choocolate with good movies 
@DJBhiphop **waits patiently**  you watched johnny's flick yet?
the new cinema bizarre song is so awesome!!! &lt;3 
Watching the holiday ! love this movie 
@Kevthejedi i enjoy watching it  its like a horror movie and i panic when the tank comes LOL
is back from the movies !  http://plurk.com/p/uj66s
finished my script 
Just finished my sociology exam...in my eyes, it went pretty good.  I've decided to chill out with a good movie (kingdom of heaven)!!
Is off to the cinema laters! 
thanks to all that came to the movie premiere lastnight! 
had fun watching trop fest films with 2nd year chicks  .
movies toniiiight 
@radilicious yes ! He's her father and is in the film. You're just not up to speed on your teen programming 
Movies! 
wants to watch twilight  &lt;3 that movie 
voting and mtv.com for the best movie ever....twilight 
i am well on my way to the hills called Hollywood 
@croutonff5 theres always time for a movie 
@pghjen @pgha perhaps some non-monday? i think other new movies are coming out in the upcoming mondays that have preference 
I thought this terminator movie would end the story...come on guys, i love it but lets put it to rest 
just finished watching the movie pretty good typical guy movie but not boring i jumped on some parts drove home 
@mariedigby : anvil :about two 50 year old rockers wants to take a shot at fame once again. I think its a nice movie 
I wuv the serires movies 
Even porn stars can have class - http://tinyurl.com/q3442h - specifically film number 5! 
i chose to go to the nearest movie theater according to our gps! plus tickets were super cheap.  terminator was gooood.
mum + I bargained on fish + chips and chocolate tonight plus rent a movie AND she'll give me money for movies tomorrow.+ maybe piercings 
@micamonkey there's storyline in porn?  that's a first! 
@ellyasabdullah dude... Izit one of the scenes in your new drama? 
@bradiewebbstack what movie, coz it has to be a good one 
@FunnyJoker most Chinese movies are, why? 
@Trigeia I think it's true, of course, that's why I was quoting it. it was funny to find such plain wisdom in a comedy movie 
sitting down to hannah montana the movie at pics with my little girlie 
Sitting in the cinema waiting for some lesbian zombies!!!  This is going to be sweet!
@rachelmcadams &amp; @itslindsaylohan hi! huge fan..  what are movies/ shows are you up to now? hope you'll tweetback.
@pointlesswords Let me know what you think of the movie. I liked it considering that movies always lose something in translation. 
@HexagonStar hehe Looks like required research for any movie-watching outing 
LOL, you dont need to see the entire film, but this scene is so brilliant, that it is selfish to keep it to one self 
@ksybell It's from a film that I linked to in my reply to your film entry. 
@the_rockshow pahaha were sitting in the cinema waiting to watch 17 again 
@shaundiviney ayyyyye i wanna see the sway sway baby film clip. judez said it was good fliming it. 
@yuwanto indian director + indian actor = indian movie? 
At the movies 
thinking of some new movie ideas because i havent made one in a long time then for once i am going to write a script 
heath ledgers last film is supposed to be amazing i can't wait to see it 
@PamelaGlasner but the long time it takes to develop scripts is worth it if you want a great film 
@surrender4love im going to the movies with some friendsss 
top banana  @_davelee what's battle royale? anything like the film?
Up and awake at last.. been watching movies with my sis with one eye open.. 
I'm pickin out my dress cos we is in the roscars. Both films yay! 
http://bit.ly/16liSh  SQUEEEEEEEEE!  although I'm pretty sure I can piece the movie together now with all the clips..
i'm excited to spend the day watching movies with my beau 
Superbad in the car. 
is reading angels and demons.. trying to finish so i can watch the movie 
Watch hot movies now  Its free http://yourvideohouse.com
watchng the new terminator...  at the movies
movies rescheduled for 2morrow! 
pitchin' movies 
lol i'm watching a movie and they mentioned bowlegged men....hehe thoughts went straight to jensen. 
Is enjoying classic childhood movie soundtracks 
Movie time with the boy 
just watched step brothers with jordan it was a pretty funny movie 
Gokusen S1 and S2 cast are coming back for the movie..hmm..can't wait to see 
@RachelMcAdams_ LOL...the lack of oxygen in Hollywood finally got to you? j/k 
going to sleep after finding a bunch of movies to watch through netflix 
@mileycyrus nice and funny movie!!! 
@MallikaLA Hisss trailer on your website is awesome!!! awaiting for the movie now 
i get to see it for free astir the theater i work at.. yay.. thats one of the things i like being a manager at a movie theater 
@mileycyrus nice  i love that movie!
'Youre gone but yet your mine'.......the romance of that movie  &lt;3
@Djalfy oh,i love that song...and that movie too! 
@overgrownbat you would like your cult movies wouldn't you~ Watch this instead http://bit.ly/UrBoj  
Right, going to watch a chick lit film. 
@kellybonnez spellbound is one of my favorite movies! i'm glad someone else appreciates its adorableness 
Seeing up with @nickporterfield! Yayyy a disney movie! 
@ItsJustDi what?? hahahaha. fast times... good movie 
Off  to the movies tonight 
@lindzay316 yeah I'm still at that point in the movie 
@shelliecharlton yay for movie  nights &amp; boyfriends! 
boating with 4 girls was amazing!! beautiful sunset!! now for some music stuff and maybe a movie 
Movie time with my baby 
Watching greece [: such a good movie! 
so valkyrie was a good movie 
getting ready to go see a movie with the girls 
Why are disney movies so good?  haha
@shawnemerriman Such a gooooood movie...I think you'd like it. It had me jumping in my seat from the action 
Movie night. The b bugg is knocked out for the night. Breakin out a nice glass of wine  http://myloc.me/1Xwp
Home from dinner and the movies. I think this thing will be workin out.   I had fun.
when the final book gets made into a movie i will be very happy. that will be dope. it best be four hours long  &lt;3...x
@Zurph yeah! I haven't seen that movie in ages..  
@princess_die good movie pick. ttyl  nite
Yet another pixar movie that hits close to home 
soooooo i finally joined twitter... what do you know. and terminator was freaking awesome!!!!! christian totally made that movie 
I want to go see drag me to hell. That seems like a good movie. I love scary movies 
@recamel 10 types of cheeses? Looooove that. I want!!!   And I am watching that movie right now 
.@MoocherGirl one is a film clip to a song i wrote the lyrics for, and the other is a proper sort of short film about 2 guys... 
@billcrystal hey! you said said that you tweeted on leno and here you are! When harry met sally is and always will be the best movie ever 
is watching one of the funniest movies ever....Superbad.....lol 
any advice on a good movie...? 
@ShootDiva you are most welcome!! coming up with more short films i hope? 
@kamelperez mmmm. same. its my favorite disney movie. good to know someone else still watches child cartoons 
and we all know horror sequals bomb 
Bakgat Boererate - http://bit.ly/11DaJe  #watkykjy #southafrica #afrikaans
@gypsyjenn  if u can sing...you can usually sing any genre  ...whether people will ACCEPT you in that genre... remains to be seen 
@rymus LOL, at least your getting through hat film of yours. 
@jessstroup i love grease 2 it's the best movie 
@emokidsloveme oh, i thought it was hysterical. of course, you could be in a women-in-jail lifetime movie, too 
with shaun  3d movie later!
Going to the mall + movie with good friends. 
@aubreyoday almost famous is one of my fav's too .. i see u got quotes up from the movie  oxox
