Most common words for this cluster:
[('mtv', 471), ('awards', 345), ('movie', 232), ('na', 44), ('cmt', 40), ('tomorrow', 28), ('muchmusic', 28), ('music', 26), ('show', 26), ('i', 26), ('night', 26), ('bet', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'MTV', 0.9330370426177979), (u'Mtv', 0.7693171501159668), (u'VH1', 0.7427409291267395), (u'Vh1', 0.6757979393005371), (u'MuchMusic', 0.6648147702217102), (u'Teen_Choice', 0.6574555039405823), (u'reporter_Tabitha_Soren', 0.6548272967338562), (u'funnyman_Aziz_Ansari', 0.6523333191871643), (u'correspondent_Kurt_Loder', 0.6508884429931641), (u'NewNowNext_Awards', 0.6494686603546143)]





Hw cm MTV duznt show music anymore? all v c is a bunch of guys n grls arguing n bitching abt 1anothr. where has d music gone? 
I cant get on CMT to vote for the CMT AWARDS 
@Only1Glam  I've made mistakes, but I don't regret them bc they potentially make me a better person. Never showed you that though   lol
@amieewhitney Oh, but on the Telly, apart from VMA/EMA - I have EuroNews on in a kind of sad vain hope they might pop up lol 
Watching MTV, &amp; wishing I didn`t have school tomorrow 
@heidimontag i had to work! miss it  ill catch up with it on MTV.com
Watching aMtv it's the only time they actually give music videos MTV ain't wat it used to be not enuff music 
The Logies... the only thing lower are the Australian MTV Awards... It's so rare to be embarrassed of being Australian. 
She's getting lonely in her Hollywood apartment. [http://tinyurl.com/c6h3ho] Why did they stop airing that show on MTV? 
wants to go to MTV movie awards night 
@PinkAngel_0704 lol!! Well I'm watching Juvies on MTV and all I have to say is DAM!.  Young girls locked up ain't cool, Lord have Mercy
LaRico on that MTV show &quot;Juvies&quot; just changed me. 
Watching rap battles on Mtv 2.....work in 2hrs 
@chrisbrogan I will see you at Fuse but I'm working tomorrow  sad to miss all the fun
Very Dissapointed 2009 MTV Movie awards isnt on Australian Television,checked guide and its not there 
I told andrew that JT is going to cameo @ MTV movie awards. He said, &quot;he's pissing me off.&quot; guess they're in a fight 
can't figure out at what time(french hour) the new moon trailer will be up since I can't watch the MTV movie Awards from Paris... ? 
Meeting went well last night.They shot promo to air this weekend on MTV. i tried to hide but I was too close, I think they caught me. 
@Mileycyrus I can't Vote 4 u a the MTV movie awards. There is no vote button. Is it cause i live in sweden? I wanna vote 4 u 2  u rock xo
@MuchMusic i saw the new cities last tuesday, amazing show! and won tickets for tomorrow's show, but might not be able to make it 
@sexidance I saw slater on some MTV show, So you think you wanna dance with slater or some crap like that. Where's Kelly Kapowski 
I don't have MTV,@mtschopp. What am I going to DO?!! fmlllll 
@shwayze why was your show Buzzin taking off of Mtv 
@Zac_Efron I really want to see u on the MTV Movie Awards on sunday but I'm from Chile and it showns here on thursday so I have to wait.. 
needs to vote for the MTV movie awards before it's too late  at least Ashton replied XD
I want to go to the MTV Movie awards 
Mtv 2009 Movie Awards is tomorrow! i'm soooooooooo nervous 
is watching The Game on BET still pissed it was cancelled. 
@fakerpattz I heard STD Paris is sitting next to you in the MTV awards. I'm sorry 
Oh,man.MTV movie awards is this sunday 9.00pm.No news from MTV Asia to be air here. 
@dolcevita10 im so sad im not gonna be able to watch it..i dont have MTV..you guys gotta be twitering what's going on... 
@Bleakey at that BET awards performance of deja vu. my lil curly fro is little it won't be huge by october. 
Gonna watch Little Ashes tomorrow in Irvine. Looks like it's the closest place. 4:40 pm show, so I will miss the MTV Movie Awards. 
@feiticeira *gasp* you're going to miss the MTV Movie Awards with us?  Have fun at Little Ashes, let me know how it is!
Oh no ! The MTV Movie Awards is on thursday in Denmark !  I wanna see it tonight, but I can't ... /:
I'm not going to be able to see the MTV movie awards tonight because I have to work. 
16 hours to go.... NM Trailer on MTV Movie Awards... but unfortunately will have to wait another 2hrs to watch online...  Breakfast time!
MTV Movie Awards!!!! it's the saddest thing not having MTV to watch 
MTV movie awards are tonight. And I don't have cable 
going out to a dinner party the exact same time MTV awards start... well this just pees me off 
@mileycyrus mileeey. Mtv won't let me vote for you. how come? 
looks like I'm gonna miss MTV Movie Award today, my dad rules the TV for some soccer match  I'll see the re-broadcast 2morrow!
Go Twilight in MTV Movie Awards tonight! Poor me can't see the show live. Buuuu Sweden! 
Wish I was Going to the MTV MOVIE AWARDS tonight! 
jel tko za kavu, piwu or smtng? dosadio mi je The Killers weekend na MTV 
I can't watch the MTV movie awards tonight because I gotta go to work tomorrow  the awards starts at like 3 or 4 AM here...
Grrrr, i wish they would show the MTV Movie Awards tonight instead of tomorrow, stupid Time Zones  xoxo
Can't wait for the MTV Movie Awards tomorrow!!!...and also the class sections...bummer  hehe...
saw the ad for the MTV Movie Awards, and thought maybe I'd watch it, but then remembered that I don't have cable. 
don't have cable so I cant watch the MTV Movie Awards.  PISSED!
Yay its that time again MTV Movie Awards, looks like some great entrys ! Somone link me to more info on it, cant find much 
missing the MTV Movies Awards &amp; The Hills finale tonight  ..but its the best friends birthday today so whateverrr..were gettin' buckwild!!
I sooooooo wish I didn't have to wait till tomorrow night to watch the MTV Movie Awards!!!!   Can't wait for New Moon trailer!! 
@siaz hi mitzi! MTV movie awards won't be shown until june 14th here kainis  excited pa naman ako to see both KOL &amp; the Best Kiss award!
going to work soon...will be there til 10:15 tonight...I get to miss the MTV movie awards...tear 
GRRR!! I will not be able to watch MTV MA live  MTV Philippines sucks!!
Shit, I just remembered The Hills &amp; MTV Movie Awards are tonight... hmwrk time 
We dont get the MTV Movie Awards intill tomorrow 
I hope I will be able to watch MTV Movie Awards! I hope it willhave some live stream somewhere. They are not showing it in my country 
I want to see the MTV movie awards..  to bad it isn't on tv in The Netherlands.. ughh!
This is one of those rare occasions I wish I had cable tee vees. MTV Movie Awards tonight, and I'm not going to be able to see it. 
Taylor leeefftt.  Soooo sadddd. Gahhh! What time does the MTV Movie Awards come on toniiiight??!!
Lazy Sunday, wishing i was in Los Angeles attending the MTV Movie Awards in Studio City 
@chelovechki - Yes but I have four exams to condense into 2 dats...failure. + I want to watch MTV MA's 
Sorry people but I don't know if JB will be at the MTV Movie Awards!! I don't think so!! Unfortunately 
Wants Biology and Theatre to be over now  Am missing KOL on the MTV awards for revision, how unjust!!
I wish i could live in LA  I wanna watch the MTV Movie Awards but i can't coz i live in fuckin boringg Hungary it's not faair!
@Jessica_Hearts I have MTV but it's not on until tomorrow  so i 2nd the thanking god 4 youtube lol
I hope i don't forget to watch the MTV Movie Awards tonight 
@yelyahwilliams    are paramore going to the MTV awards? i tryed voting for decode, but it wouldnt let me vote  not cool
Nah, I am in Los Angeles now... MTV Movie awards tonight!! (though sadly my tickets seemed to have been given away...  lol oh well.
Ugh. As if I cannot see MTV Movie Awards  Sux to be in UK.
can't wait to watch the MTV Movie Awards. a shame that it isn't on UK tv until tomoz night. 
@stephmccall What a shame that is  but theyre showin it tomorrow at 9 on MTV!!!!
Oh damn I was I had MTV! 
OMG I'm trying to find where I can watch the MTV awards online but I can't find it anywhere 
Oh crap! Totally forgot the MTV Movie Awards are tonight and I've got to help with youth group tonight! 
I forgot the MTV Movie Awards were tonight! Kings of Leon performing! Might have to miss though since today is @bethalina's last day. 
i wish i had MTV so i could watch the awards tonight 
I want to watch the movie awards :O But It's not shown on the MTV we have 
Mtv movie awards today!!!! And the hills..last episode for lauren conrad...it wont be the same without her 
Wants to go to the MTV Movie Awards  But instead will have to go to sleep in like 2 hours then get up for exams.
Lit and Spanish final tomorrow  Not sure if i'm gonna watch the MTV Movie Awards now :|
Still sick  Iook horrible right now. Gonna watch the MTV Awards. Cough drops are my best friend right now lolz
NOOOOO. MTV movie awards is tomorrow night at 9 
I realllllllllllllllly wanna watch the MTV Movie Awards tonight but i have to get up @ like 5:00 in the morning to go to Boston. 
is sick...  MTV Movie Awards tonight/this night/tomorrow morning- don't miss it!
@bexgirl  Ohh right, I'm in the uk so i have to wait till tomorrow night for MTV to show it. 
Hopin I get home in time for the MTV movie awards  http://myloc.me/2d9K
got a effn headache  ughhh tired and waitin for the hills to come on and then watch the MTV music awards!!!
MTV awardsssss!  It's a pity that I won't be able to see it 
can you guys keep giving me the updates on the MTV movie awards pls!i can't watch it .. i have to study 
wish I could stay up to watch the MTV Movie Awards lol .. got to get up way too early.. 
Wow here is now 11 pm. so I must wait a whole night to see the MTV awards 
ANYONE HAVE MTV ? I NEED TO WATCH MTV MOVIE AWARDS 
Excited for Hills finale and MTV awards, going to be in front of the tv all night! where's my money....? 
I miss you   - Mtv Movie Award tonight  ,  Gonna go out and buy shit to fix up mah shoess  ; stupid mudd puddles :/
watching &quot;The Hills&quot; Marathon on MTV .. Can't wait for the finale, and then the MTV Movie Awards!  Too many things to watch  Go Detroit!
Excited about tonight! The Hills finale and MTV Movie Awards! Wish I could be there 
i wanna watch the MTV Awards NOW  dont hav the patience 2 wait till 2morrow! xox
 sad because MTV music awards isn't being aired in this country..so now i'm uber sad tonight
@Sophiee88  LOL I want to be on Robs arm walking him into the MTV awards  #robgasm
@mexiana_76 Even here.. we can watch it live on MTV Adria.. 
gah!  wishing I had cable, and therefore, MTV  
I still want to watch the MTV Awards LIVE here in the Philippines!  I've voted... Read More: http://is.gd/KUCK
Mtv com sinal ruim 
@BellasGuardian That is the most annoying crap. Why so you suck, MTV?!?!? I can still do it for you, but it won't be as pretty. 
i want to watch the MTV movie awards 
Man! Won't be able to see Samberg on MTV Awards. 
Getting ready 4 the MTV Movie Awards!!!... nervous that Rob P. won't be as sexy as everybody says 
I don't feel like going to back to church tonight.  If I do then I'll have to leave early to catch the MTV Movie Awards!! 
I wanna watch the MTV Movie Awards!!!!  stupid, mexican mtv....
@KezzieN you're not the only one.Here my MTV doesn't broadcast the show  and the USA MTV don't have it anymore.Fuckin' cable 
I think I may just watch the MTV Movie Awards afterall 
last night at home  going to watch taylor swift special and MTV movie awards!
wanna see the MTV awards now!! have to wait untill tomorrow 
can't wait to watch the MTV awards tonight! i just wish there were some performances actually worth something. 
wants to be going to the MTV movie awards 
Hmm, MTV Movie Awards are not on MTVNHD. Not good enough MTV Europe, not good enough! 
its not fair. i have to wait until tomorrow nite to c MTV movie awards, living in england tonite sucks, i want to see it live 
Guess I have to wait for the Mtv VMA to be aired where i'm from 
Going to school  I want to watch MTV. Awards! Aarrghh!
@EllabellCullen3 (no  I don't get MTV on my tv)
It's tomorrow already.  Getting hair and make-up done for the MTV Movie Awards.
I wish I could be at the MTV Movie Awards  haha someday people . . . ha! I wis!
@stephaniepratt I don't have MTV in my apartment  will the show be online later?
I want to watch the MTV Awards SOOOO BAD!!!!!  But my cable company don't offer mtv   
has a headache.    MTV Movie Awards tonight. :]
@ShaheeraMohamad Is there any way I can stream them? They'te not on until 2mrw here and I dnt have MTV 
@ShaheeraMohamad Is there any way I can stream them? They're not on until 2mrw here and I dnt have MTV at my flat anyway 
Can't watch the MTV Movie Awards because were moving  Tell me when it plays again!
Can the MTV Awards get here any slower grrr 
I want to watch MTV Movie Awards  But we don't get it till tomorrow 9pm.. How retarded!
I'm missing the MTV Movie Awards 
Mtv &lt;3 but ugh..is working fri, sat, and sun next week 
i wanna go to the MTV Awards  so badly @mileycyrus take me with you!
Got some sun today! I've been thinking and I miss Tori and Sarha Testa!  About to watch The Hills FInale and MTV Movie Awards!
@confessing7girl That MTV link doesnt work -copyright reasons  I found a pg on justin.tv that looks like it'll stream, fingers crossed
I'd be watching @taylorswift13 right now if it wasn't for post game coverage on NBC  MTV Movie Awards soon, I can't wait!!
Why oh why aren't the MTV movie awards being played on my channels? 
feeling quite sick &amp; goin to work,6th day in a row.. MOVIES 2night yay! id rather be watching MTV movie awards though  sum1 tape it 4 me!
I wanna watch MTV movie awards  well, I guess I'll see if 2morrow
watching the Hills season finale  sad gonna miss LAUREN CONRAD! but excited to watch the MTV Movie Awards ANDY SAMBERG&lt;3
MTV Movie Awards Eminem performs!   Lauren says good bye on THE HILLS   
OMG ! I cannot more attend MTV movie awards ! nooooooooooo ! 
Can't wait for the VMA's on MTV tonight! Looking forward to them, but no Daisy of Love! 
hmmm. should i take a nap and then watch the MTV movie awards?? ... dont think sooo  way too tired. its 1:27am
Working on my homework.. I am missing all the MTV movie awards.. this sucks 
Awwww mannnn. I'm mad now. The MTV Movie Awards are coming on...  Decisions, decisions...
The MTV awards are the only time I think about watching MTV 
Adam is supposed to be in attendance at the MTV Movie Awards! Watch out for him! No word on Kris yet. 
anyone know what channel the MTV music awards is on.. canadian tv? 
trying to watch the MTV movie awards, but internet is so slow .. I can't stand waiting until thursday to see it ! 
iwant to be at the MTV Awards. 
@Kirmit DUDE! we don't have MTV 
Gaaaaa stupid MTV... its on MTV One at 9pm Monday.... POO!!! I don't have MTV and will know all the winners by then anyway! 
wishing i was at the MTV movie awards! 
Watching season finale of The Hills bye bye Lauren  won't be watchin anymore...MTV Movie Awards after my night is set...
I want to see the MTV music awards ! but unfortunately I must wait 'till thursday 
Why must MTV air the MTV movie awards so late at night? I have school tomorrow and I can't watch them! 
MTV movie awards! Wish I could be there. 
I want to see the MTV music awards right now ! but unfortunately I must wait 'till thursday 
Watching hills season finale, LC's finale!  oh yea, and I am on the red carpet at the MTV movie awards!
hills finale  bye bye LC! then MTV Movie Awards
Laurena last episode on the hills.  MTV movie awards!!! TWILIGHT!!!
I want to see the MTV awards right now ! but unfortunately I must wait 'till thursday 
wish I can watch MTV 
waiting for MTV awards to come on  I think I have poisen ivy 
@yose_m87 Oh!, meee too, im watching the Red Carpet of MTV Movie Awards, peroo no reconozcoo a nadieeee 
too tired to watch the MTV Movie Awards..  thank heavens for that pvr!
Wooo 30 minutes to go until MTV Movie Awards..ahhh!! couldnt here Jacob talk about New Moon stupid audio cut them off!! So not fair! 
Going to eat at McAllister's so i'll have to wait until 10:30 to see the MTV Awards  but I won't die. I don't think 
wish i was at the MTV movie awards 
I want to watch the MTV movie awards! Why don't we get to watch it? 
The hills finale  MTV movie awards then work @ 11...
Just met LC on the red carpet of the MTV movie awards!!! So excited!!! Ouupps that's just a dream 
sooo bored. cant watch MTV movie awards cause my sister blocked MTV on me 
() Watching MTV Award. See u guys tomorrow 
can't watch MTV awards... don't get the channel in Canada 
Nooooooooo..... MTV Movie awards are not live on the web    and canadian television don't show it...  (in quebec) ... life is boooring. 
gonna watch the MTV awards, too bad I'm not there! 
ugh so I haven't really missed having a TV until tonight...  MTV MOVIE AWARDS (((
@ordinary__ I missed Taylor Lautner on MTV 
Going to sleep even tho I know that some people are lucky enough to watch the MTV Video Music Awards 
The Hills finale! I miss Lauren already  MTV Movie awards then Dateline just for my daily dose of Taylor.
Wishing I could watch the MTV Movie Awards  Maan, I wish I had cable. Or satellite. Either one. Rather than nothing. Siiiigh.
Omgoodness I wish I was at the MTV awards 
Getting ready to go to a bridal shower. Yay! Food D Lol. But man Ima miss the MTV Movie Awards 
ARGH why does ustream not work whyyyy I want to watch MTV awards twilight thingie jigger  
I wish I could watch the MTV Movie Awards tonight...but MTV is a bad thing in my aunt and uncle's house  so I'll have to wait for reruns.
I'm missing the MTV awards 
Closin dwn shop 2 watch MTV Movie Awards &amp;catch the trailer 4 &quot;New Moon&quot; can't wait. I hear it comes out in November!! 
@ninapolitan Can you keep me updated with the winners? I'm in Aust and we don't get MTV awards here  No Robgasm from me *cries*
I hope I can stay awake for the MTV Movie Awards...I'm really going to try but I'm already tired 
Ah I wish I was at the MTV Movie Awards... 
i really want to watch MTV Movie Awards, but it's gonna end up late and i'm so tired 
iZ s0o maD iMma miSs th3 MTV awaRds... 
Wishes we were famous  We could o to the MTV Music Awards 
I wish I was at the MTV movie awards  So no fair!
@NegativeNatalie  Mtv is having some audio problems!!! it comes and goes! lol you should tell them that! LOL :p
what a bittersweet ending but WTF wit @MTV i cant even here the previews wit Kristin....bye @LaurenConrad 
I can't hear shit MTV 
The sounds problems on MTV are making me mad 
No more Lauren  Watching The MTV Movie Awards !
is sad that she doesn't have a laptop so she can do stuff while watching the MTV movie awards 
I want to watch the MTV Movie Awards. Wish I had cable TV... 
The channel is MTV ? because I look at MTV on my computer but there is not MTV MOVIE AWARDS   HELP ME PLEAAASE
Definitely sad to not be able to watch the MTV awards tonight 
finished watching the Hills finale;the last episode with Lauren  and now watching MTV Movie Awards!  finalyyy!
I just realized that I'm missing the MTV movie awards.but I have to sleep to get up early tomorrow.erghh fml 
I wish I could be at the MTV Movie Awards and sit next to RP 
OMG The Hills is over! My manager Ricky Romance @ the MTV Awards w/out me &amp; im stuck in DC packing for my next trip  yo this sucks!!! lol
missed the hills finale! AGGHHH    now im watching the MTV movie awards.
OMG! I can't believe Miley lost for &quot;Breakthrough Star&quot; on the MTV Awards!!!  -Congrats Ashley!-
wants to watch the hills and MTV awards 
My TV sucks!!! I can't watch the MTV awards... 
I wanna see MTV movie awards! 
@ddlovato That sounds awesome! I thought that youd be at the MTV music awaards 
that intro was EPIC! great way to start out the MTV Movie Awards. highlights so far: keyboard cat. andy's intro&amp;rap. lowlight: miley lost 
I wish I was at the MTV awards 
watching the MTV awards wishing i was cool enough to be there!! 
@MTV i missedd the opening! 
@ddlovato are you watching the MTV movie awards? milez just lost her fist award to ashley tisdale 
my dumb brother is watching dam soccer and I wanna see MTV movie awards gosh this is the tyme when I wish I was the only child 
OMG rob and cam for best fight? wtf I love them but that's just wrong... well, that's the MTV Movie Awards, but still... 
Twitted reminds me that I'm the only person that actively boycotts MTV, BET and VH1. 
is watching the awards on MTV! Wish I was there 
Dangit the MTV Movie Award post is moving too fast for me  and keeps killing LJ.
Mtv Movie Awards, please? I still don't know when to watch it 
Watching MTV awards. But I'm damn tired and have to get up early tomorrow... 
i am kinda disappointed by the MTV Movie Awards right now... 
WISH I was watching the MTV Movie Awards right now. I want to see Andy hosting. D: But I am home now and I don't have a free TV here. 
Not enough Andy on the MTV Movie Awards 
Ahh I want to watch the MTV movie awards! But I don't have tv 
@amywhatup @GOMAYA @Queen_Karen None of you guys are online anymore  I'm watching the MTV Movie Awards for a bit, then sleeping.
Watching MTV movie awards... Eminems performance not that amazing  I'm a lil disappointed..
i want to watch MTV movie award but i dont have MTV  i'm missing out 
GOD TWILIGHT STOP!!!! The MTV Movie Awards r so gonna suck if they win everything!  Slumdog Millionaire was amazing! Stop snuffin 'em!
@DougEFreshbk he he heey ... how are you? watching MTV... aren't they going bankrupt? at least vh1 still going... &lt;-bored as u can see. 
Why am I watching the MTV Movie Awards? 
i'm missing my wife at the MTV Movie Awards!!  Megan i love you, even though i'm not watching youu.
watching MTV Movie Awards. i really wanted the kid from Role Models to win that last award but the guy from Twilight won. 
was that supposed to happen? MTV?! eminem looks pissed. 
missing the MTV music awards, i didn't know they were on tonight 
Did MTV just turn Disney?? wtf MTV Movie Awards, you sold out to tweens 
I'm not watching the VMAs because I don't get it in my room anymore and my dad is watching some stupid ass show in here. 
I graduated!!! Im soo excited yet sad  Watching the MTV Movie Awards. Vote Twilight for movie of the year!!!!!!!!!!
@RyanSeacrest Why aren't you telling us abt MTV awards 
SO MAD that cablevision took away MTV.  now im missing the movie awards 
the fuckin' MTV Movie Avwards suck...I want the 90s back 
I was watching the MTV Awards and suddenly got disguisted..  I catch the rerun if I'm feeling it then.. the scripts are not cool at all 
what just happened on MTV....why would they do that 2 eminem....? That was dead wrong!   
does anyone know the website to watch the MTV Movie Awards online??? i dont have a tv at the moment. 
reading everyones tweets about the hills and MTV movie awards and i'm really disappointed i don't get MTV here!  i'll have to watch online
I wanna be watching the MTV Movie awards but someone is monopolizing the remote 
the fuckin' MTV Movie Awards suck...I want the 90s back 
The MTV Award is a lil explicit. Sorry, I had to turn my kids are watching... 
does anyone know the website to watch the MTV Movie Awards online??? i dont have a tv at the moment. 
Living in a hotel for the next 4 nights.  And the hotel does not have MTV.  No Movie Awards for me tonight.  
Doing homework is hard when the MTV movie awards is on. It's actually hilarious, should've watched from the start 
im not watchin MTV movie awards  im soo saaaaaaad!!!
I wish I was at the MTV movie awards 
@selenagomez Why arent you at the MTV movie awards?! 
so much MTV MA tweeting 
Missed the first hour or so of MTV movie awards!  but still, watching it as of this moment!
Mtv movie awards are awesome ! aw miley didn't win ! 
My family and me are going out to a movie during the MTV movie awards!   i have to record it. Argg.
could the MTV awards get any more cornier + distasteful? I wish I had Showtime so I could watch the Dexter marathon! 
I'm missing the. MTV awards  oh well the festivities with my hubby should prove to be way more entertaining!
Upset that i can't watchthe MTV Movie Awards. 
@jasminemoses I don't think I've watched an MTV Awards show since the '90s 
@MTV it suck I cant see the show! 
I'm missin the MTV awards 
Oh I wish I could see the MTV movie award 
I'm a little disappointed with the outfits at the MTV Movie Awards 
Can't watch MTV movie awards because it's Game 2 of NHL finals. Getting lectured about my useless knowledge of pop culture. Chagrined 
I can't BELIEVE I have to miss the MTV Movie awards because we don't have cable yet! I'm dying here! That's like my life. 
Grrr MTV awards not on 4 an hour and 40 minuites here 
I am SO disapointed i didnt get to watch the MTV Movie Awards Live 
Crap.. what is this regarding Eminem at Mtv Awards??? Totally missed it and the the show   Wanna watch from begining? Any ideas where?
I wanna watch the MTV Movie Awards now, please? 
&quot;The Hills&quot; season finale: Lauren's last episode  Then MTV Movie Awards with Andy Sambergggg!
Bed!  UGH! I wants to watch the awards !!! hope another channel plays the show, i dont have MTV 
I'm not watching the MTV Movie Awards because I don't need to see a bunch of Twatlight shit. But I'm missing Andy. 
Watching Mtv movie awards.. i missed the transformers clip! 
@MsKimberhaze all your tweets about the MTV Movie awards are making me laugh. I agree. Gone are the good ol days of MTV 
Omg I wish I was at the MTV awards  taylors there
I think its safe to say MTV's original generation and the second generation have been completley alienated. MTV caters only to tweens 
enjoyed the MTV awards, and really wishing i wasn't sick 
MTV Awards 
@1lovelaura remember that one time my mom decided to cancel my cable ? Yeahhh no MTV  lol
was watching MTV Awards and was horrible !!! So  disappointed 
@greek85goddess OMG! I want to see it too!! Did you watch the MTV movie awards? We don't get MTV here 
Didn't see the MTV movie awards, I'm gutted twilight did amazingly well and miley Cyrus got best song! I missed new moon trailer tho 
Eminem on MTV  - if it was planed, the camera guy wouldn't have been running to get the shot.  Still don't think it was nice  but FUNNY!!
hmmmm don't support the Bruno act on MTV awards.  A bit crass.  
i want to watch MTV Movie Awards 2009 really badly 
so very dissapointed in the MTV movie awards...maybe i'm getting too old for this 
@kate38381849 hi! again.. LOL can i ask a favor? can u gve me a site where i can watch the MTV movie awards? i cant find it anywhere.. 
MTV awards I over 
I missed the MTV awards  so I'm watching it at 7:30 -sogg
@ddlovato how cum u werent at the MTV awards?? 
dammit barely found out about the MTV awards after party @ the Roosevelt Hotel..i can only imagine all the celebs i could of saw, bummed 
Watching jonas brothers on MTV, missed the 3d concert at GSC 
@erinnnb ahhh everyone kept writing on twitter today about MTV awards and we cant even watch it 
all i want to do is watch the 2009 MTV Movie Awards but its revision all the way....hope im remembering the stuff 
I want to go see MGMT for my birthday. Did anyone see the MTV Movie Awards? No love for Slumdog 
I am a bit upset with the MTV Movie Awards, although im glad Twilight won its awards the Eminem stunt wasnt funny i dislike that the most 
I'm really disappointed by the MTV Movie Awards 
The MTV Movie Awards ROCKED last night!!! Anyways, heading off to school 
@selenagomez Were you at the MTV Movie Awards?  I only watched cause I thought I was gonna see you.
I'm dissapointd in the MTV awards best movie last night.  how in the world did twilight beat batman?!!!
Where can we watched the MTV Music Awards? 
just woke up... watching live stream from MTV MA till almost 5 am was fun! now it's study time  (and the trailer ROCKS!)
@LaurenConrad just remind fans they can watch it again at MTV.ca and MTV.com  im in Toronto and we had some audio issues 
@KristinCav did not like the promo introduction headline to your comeback  you should be pissed at MTV!
Insane! Check out results of MTV Movie Awards  http://bit.ly/uuZIO
Didn't catch the Mtv Music Awards  I heard Twilight won 5 awards, seriously?
i slept about 4hours..oh man, that's not much. i'm really really tired, but i just can't sleep  MTV Movie Awards = awesome!
@SofieKB where did you watch MTV movie awards?? I so wanted to see it 
I wish I would've seen the MTV Movie Awards 
@yelyahwilliams underworld trilogy great choice! love those movies. love all your music voice is amazing. acoustic &lt;3. should of won MTV 
the concert was amazing, i missed the MTV Awards and New Moon trailer  Thank God for Tivo!
3 more days and im outta RamaY! watched the hillz finally omg no more laureN!  MTV awardz were crazy! HollA!
@jemelehill apparently Borat teabagged him or something @ the MTV Movie Awards 
checking on updates of the MTV movie awards. wasn't able to watch  we don't have MTV at home
missed the MTV movie awards last night 
checking on updates of the MTV movie awards. wasn't able to watch, we don't have MTV at home  pft.
TiVoed the MTV Movie Awards, but given the Twihard turnout, not sure how much I want to watch it now 
Watching the MTV Movie Awards on YouTube since they didn't show it Live here in the Philippines.. still airing on June 14. :| Sucky 
i'm not satisfied with my internship at MTV, because i think it's not enough to suffice my need for 75k points 
I have the sudden urge to punch a baby after seeing the MTV Movie Awards winners list 
@mileycyrus awwww poor you miley  hope u get better soon! and btw congrates for ur MTV award, u deserve it! &lt;3
@mileycyrus not cool  I love you loads and congrats on the MTV awards, i voted like 50 times, the phone bill wont be cool lol
@tommcfly we asked them to put the MTV awards yesterday at the bar but they didnt have MTV. 
OMG I can't believe how MTV violated Eminem...it was disgusting and hilarious!!!!! I feel bad 4 him  It was funny though
@MuchMusic what about simple plan? 
@JewelStaite It happened when MTV stopped playing music and became a reality TV network 
Goodmorn! I just realized I missed the MTV Movie Awards!!Aaaaarrrrggghhh, it was my 3rd year anniversary yesterday,I didnt know it was on 
Mannn, Barack interrupted the View right when they were talking about the MTV awards....But that sucks that GM had to file bankruptcy 
@JayLauretta - I'm someone who enjoyed Twilight for what it was, but it winning Best Movie over The Dark Knight is down right sad. MTV 
FAIL #2 of the day: YouTube soo sloww at loading today  This does NOT help! I need to catch up on MTV Movie Awards...
I keep accidently reading MTV Movie Rewards results. STOP IT! It's not on here until tonight kay?! 
@DNiCESEOUL man i really miss american tv.. all i got is international channles.. and the AFN network no BET, MTV of VH1.. 
@GianniDee Yes silly!! I hope you have some great pics from MTV Movie Awards. So sad I missed it 
I can't believe all the clips from MTV Awards were taken off YouTube for copyright infringement 
Was babysitting today for avril!! it was such a nice day thank god!! not doing anythng tonight though  MTV movie awards ;)
@divanyva Enjoy your front row seat! You're right, decided to watch MTV Awards online as the Hills finale get posted online in 10 
@MuchMusic aww man lol I don't have people who would retweet it :p 
Sittin here tryin to watch the MTV movie awards but *someone* {@AntwanB83} wont leave me the hell alone!  ugh that butt
Am watching MTV Movie Awards but no Nutella 
I didn't watch MTV MA  sucks..
@Chet_Cannon i was looking for you while i was at the MTV movie awards but i couldnt find you 
crap ! i missed the MTV movie awards  !   ah well thats what repeats are for !
feels so bad for Eminem! That was terrible what MTV did to him! 
Marley is almost over       Hey tweeter!!! I'm tweeting from my iPod so cool. I tivo-ed the. MTV Movie Awards from last nite.
I think im about the only teenage girl on earth who didn't watch the MTV movie awards last night... lol i meant to dvr it! 
What channel is BET on 
Chillin at home wit my man ima watch da MTV movie awards at 8 cuz I messed it last night was at da movies 
I wish I could've watched the MTV Movie awards  but it was my best friend's birthday tbh!
watching the MTV movie awards online that i missed last night, and doing pyschology outlines  can't wait for my test to be over with wed.!
Unf...Mel didn't twit today!  Watchin' some TV (MTV),taking a look at the forum,listening to some music! Yeay,I'm a multiple tasks person!
@LovelyLady weird... Fuse workin up here 
I forgot to see the MTV awards....damn so frustrated...___    :l    
Watchin this Diplomats mix on MTV JAMS, can't change the channel cuz I lost the battery to the remote and I'm getting my hair done 
Watching the MTV Movie Awards since i missed it last night...&amp;plus nothing else to do..im sooo bored @ home 
Watching the lame-o MTV awards. 
no WAY!!! in all of the craziness of today i forgot that my song &quot;people&quot; was played on MTV's &quot;college life&quot; tonight!  noooooooo 
@stephentotilo Also (sorry for 2!) will it be on NOT terrible Canada banned MTV video this time? I couldn't watch last battle... 
....had a really bad night.. Couldn't sleep  couldn't believe when eminem walked out of MTV awards!! ....spose he did have ass in his face
@babygirlparis U look absoultely stunning sweet! I'm sure u both had a wicked time...not got MTV  Won't BBF be on ITV2 like the 1st one? x
annoyed cos I missed the MTV 2009 Movie Awards, now I have to watch it on Youtube and I already know all the awards 'Twilight' won. 
Watching outtakes from the MTV Movie Awards. POOR EMINEM!!! 
@Heathernews I don't think so, but you can see tons of it on MTV, just ask Emenim 
Is there some place where I can watch both the stars on the red carpet &amp; the entire MTV Movie Awards??! I missed it sadly 
i want a wristband.... and go to the MMVA's.  @muchmusic...  LOL.
@no1twilightfann omg taylor lautner looked soo damned hot in the MTV movie awards! But i can't fancy him cz hes yours 
@vanessaahudgens http://twitpic.com/6hezl - KOOL i did watch the MTV awards but not all of it as i went 2 get an ice cream. 
Ireland is so far behind......I'm only able to watch the MTV Movie Awards now even though it was live in America on Sunday night  Weird...
listening to CMT trying to pretend that @flamenkers is sitting next to me 
waiting for @tccrt3r to finish eating so i can watch the MTV movie awards because i forgot to record them 
@mileycyrus I was at the red carpet at the MTV music awards and tried to talk to you but you just walked past me. 
wow i just watched the MTV movie awards on there website. poor Rob during the kiss i hope that was all intentional   
Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh X( . I've missed the MTV MOVie Awards  ( . too bad mah Slumdog didn't win  !
Gr... come on already. I wanna watch the Mtv movie awards clearly on the tv here... online ones are cut short... 
hate it when internet ussage is all up.... i used the last bit of it wathcing MTV Awards online on Monday  Now i gotta waaaait
watching MTV movie awards.. again just so I can fangirl/squee/melt when KB appears in the audience.  [/obsession]
@MuchMusic I can't camp out because I am out of town that weekend  Now I am trying to win wristbands ;) I want to go so badly!!
@MuchMusic aww really!?!? so we cant meet anyone then!!?! 
Thanks Canal Digital. I had to find the MTV MA by flipping through every channel. Fail 
They're canceling Nickelodeon Magazine?  http://bit.ly/wdowH
wants to know why Nikki Reed wasn't at the MTV Movie Awards, I missed her 
@Hurrigirl Awww, sad about teh deletion  But yeah, CMT reruns (only the new season tho, so I has a sad myself) like crazy (like VH1 &amp; MTV)
@absbia777 You're old enough to drive...we have to be older over here...it sucks!!  btw just updated my Quizilla! 
It's a sad day when MTV2 plays more innovative music than Kerrang  Damnit Virgin, give us Scuzz!
Watching the World's Strictest Parents on MTV...this show is interesting. Rain 
Watched a show called Charm School on MTV last night. Unfortunately can't get it out of my head! Now want to bang my head against a wall 
@mileycyrus I'ts kinda bummer here at indonesia coz the MTV music Awards haven't been premiered yet here &gt;.&lt; what a bummer 
992... The MTV Movie Awards for 2009 were funny, but now I understood why Eminem walked out 
My picture still won't load so I give up.  I'm taking a break and chillin. Bout to watch the MTV movie awards again. I luv DVR. :-D
shopping online for the BET awards weekend,  i cant go to the actual awards bummer!
World Stage  Metallica en MTV  wowwwwwwww me gustaria estar en su concierto 
@MuchMusic whoops i didnt mean to send so many my computer is really so and wasnt registering  sorry
Why do people insist on shaking badly dressed booty on MTV/BET instead of doing some real dancing requiring skill and improvmusicality 
Oh yeah, the MTV Movie Awards will show here on MTV!!! in June 14 (before school  ) 8:00 pm (
Watching Taina on YouTube. I forgot how amazing that show was. Come back old Nickelodeon. 
@davesi Aaw that sucks. Crappy shows like the MTV Movie Awards get streamed and torrented. 
@EskimoJoelted yeah  and LOL at what that borat dude did to him at ze MTV awards, HAHAHAHAHAHHA so crurel
@eskimojoelted yeah  and LOL at what that borat dude did to him at ze MTV awards, HAHAHAHA so cruel.
I don't think my CMT award tickets are coming! I think I just got screwed out of money! 
Watching a movie - Finished watching the edited version of MTV Music Awards and didnt like it!! Wanted to watch the whole thing! 
watching sum wack ass BET movie smh wish I was wit my sis 
First it was MTV, not showing much music and now Cartoon Network is showing non cartoon movies and making non cartoon shows. 
@MuchMusic any other way to get wrist bands? the 'rents wouldnt let me do that the night before my exam 
@LucasLowe MTV is never kidding 
The MTV movie awards sucked this year 
since then the morning mcfly not in MTV anymore and i do not know why 
@rayvanderfort i think so too....i had to watch the MTV movie awards 4 times this weekend 
just found out my sister is goin to the CMT awards without me!  busy day today! really busy, actually
Pretty sad im not attending the CMT awards with my sister! 
Pretty sad im not attending the CMT awards with my sister! 
@cunderwood83 the CMT awards are not going to be the same without you  but have fun!
@MuchMusic you used to be so cool. now your schedule is dominated by MTV original programming. WHAT HAPPENED?  http://is.gd/12zHF
@ronniejyoung umm ONE way! if you dont have one  lol invite me to ur patio and to be ur guest at the MMVA's! hehehe
@IceAngel34 Exactly, bb. They didnt count on X17 being on their doorstep the morning after MTV MA. 
I hate it when BET shows good movies ...b/c by the time its over(while on BET)....it makes you not like the movie anymore...smh 
@darthstorm528 Omg I love Daria but its only on the spanish MTV now! 
Currently emailing BET execs to pick up my fav show &quot;The Game&quot;. I'm gonna b so depressed if it stays cancelled 
.. I HATE when I lose the remote I've been watching BET all damn day!!! .. 
@sarahlovesmicky YOU BET. i wanna be sophomore... sounds so cool  (technically we are because theyre counting in grades so we're grade 10)
@viviendimova I wish I could go to the MMVA's 
There are too many annoying commercials on MTV Jams..... Ruins my morning groove... 
Did I just see Jack Barakat on MTV attempting to sing? Then did I see a commercial playing Hit The Lights in the background. I hate MTV. 
is going to miss the CMT music awards tonight.  someone record it for me?
no MMVA wristbands from this weekend  but I'm still going maybe I'll get lucky and end up back stage! XD
I think someone should keep me updated on the CMT awards since I won't be home 
this sucks, apparently my cable packages doesnt have CMT... lame... 
Still bitter I can't watch the CMT awards 
i'm going to cry i don't get CMT. 
@taylorswift13 i just found out that they got rid of CMT on my TV so i can't watch the show  but good luck!!
@taylorswift13 ..im watching CMT and theres no sound  but your rap was cool..althoughi couldnt hear it  ...sounds back!
I am sitting in my bedroom watching 2009 CMT Music Awards right now..I miss Kenny Chesney 
damn wishing i could watch the CMT awards, but they dont have it in china  and i cant watch it on youtube becausue its blocked ;/
watching the CMT Music Awards online before I head to the airport.  Unfortunately, not gonna be able to see it all. 
i can't find CMT awards!! i want to see taylor performing!! 
i wish i could watch the CMT awards. this is so sad 
@MuchMusic i wish i were lucky enough to even live 10000 miles within the MMVAs 
Watching CMT awards live online!!!! OOHHHH how I love technology. P.S. I am in desperate need of extended cable. 
@mgmnstr87 i couldnt figure out what channel the CMT awards were on 
@crazedgirly Carrie isn't in the CMT Music Awards 
what channel are the CMT awards on? 
could someone please fill me in on the CMT awards?i missed it. 
watching the CMT awards, bummed miranda lambert didn't win 
@JoeNichols we missed you tonight on CMT awards 
@teributcher I want to watch the CMT awards...noone will let me. 
wondering why carrie underwood isn't performing at the CMT awards 
I'm so mad. I totally forgot all about the CMT awards. 
@tryshhill hey - i'm not at the CMT's tonight either 
damnittt i missed the CMT awards 
all time low just popped up on MTV. i hate how there so popular now, ugh 
thinks the MTV show 16 and pregnant is a sad show.  why do the dads always leave after the baby is born... jerks!
lovin summer break !! the CMT awards were kinda boring last night 
i missed the CMT awards i heard that it was good 
Kickin myself in the butt for not watching the CMT Awards 
@MuchMusic I wanna be at the MMVAs on Sunday because I am a huge Jonas Brothers fan, but I've never seen them before 
EW history exam tomorrow morning, math on friday morning anf english on monday. i had to pass up an MMVA wristbad for it! 
my tummy hurts  and i still have to do my h.w. katy perry waking up in vegas is on MTV hitlist :O
didn't win the conest to go to the MMVAs 
@Mclady12 i know that...but its a good chance bullshit ass BET gone pick it up..i hope they do 
awww. gotta go off the internet.  i'll check up on Mnet 2mrw. 
@gilbirmingham None of the &quot;humans&quot; are on the MTV New Moon cast list.  MTV needs to fix that. The &quot;humans&quot; need love too. ;)
Ya mamma so fat told her i was watching MTV she said how u gonna watch meatloaf turkey and vegetables and not eat it.. 
@muchmusic i wanna be at the MMVAs on sunday cuz i might be paranoid that im not gona c my future hubbies @jonasbrothers! 
The trending topics have shown to me that Bebe's Kids is on BET right now.  ...I wish I was at home so I could watch it. 
@MuchMusic I wanna be at the MMVAs on Sunday because I have never had that experience and I am always stuck at home wish I was there 
im so pissed. I jus saw in trending topics that #&quot;Bebe's Kids is on BET. ahhh i wanna go home 
@MuchMusic i wanna be at the mmvas on sunday because my work didnt let me line up for wristbands  and i want to go SO BADLY...jerks.
@MuchMusic I'm trying so hard to get wristbands to the MMVA's  I missed out help me please......
@MuchMusic I wanna be at the MMVAs on Sunday because I never did end up seeing Kelly Clarkson live after she cancelled her june '07 show 
Yay, for getting invited to the MuchMusic Video Awards!! Boo, for not being able to go!!! 
@ShuuTech I hate that I do not get Much Music.    MTV and Fuse is all
Watching 16&amp;Pregnant on MTV. I'm kind of sad right now... I am deathly afraid of pregnancy. I fear I will never have my own baby. 
@Jonasbrothers Everytime i see the commercial about you guys hosting the MMVA's my heart breaks a little each time.Because i have to work 
@AinsleyKerr what? didn't catch MTV live, what did she say? 
I am only up to see ATL on MTV but they havent played yet  I need something to do!
wtf, both fresh princes suck tonight  &amp; BET isn't showing it right now?! ludicrous!
@MTVindia I wonder why MTV doesn't shows music videos these days, it has become a reality TV instead of music television 
@Shanedawson I hope everything goes well w/ MTV. But I'm scared if it happens you'll get way famous &amp; not do like youtube &amp; blogtv stuff 
@MuchMusic considering you didnt see my tweets, now im worried u didnt get my entries into the wristband contests 
#dontyouhate how ugly T.i.'s wife is? &amp; how the fk did she get a show? that's BET for ya 
i guess i wasnt meant to go to the #mmva's @MuchMusic this year 
Sitting at a restaurant across from MuchMusic and am absolutely blinded by the MMVA lights  My only reprieve is when streetcars go by..
@MuchMusic aahhh rub it in that you get to go  kidding, but I'm sooo sad!
@MuchMusic is that really necessary for you to make me so jealous 
wants to go to the MMVA's red carpet on sunday 
lying in bed listening 2 CMT. trying to fall back asleep. this sucks on a sat beening up @ 6.  
After trying to persuade some Bellmorons to attend, it appears I won't be watching MTV shoot their Emerson quidditch promo today 
@ROBsessedBlog Wish we could watch the MTV videos in the UK 
@MuchMusic , i hate this  im 13  &amp; i cant go i wish i could . my sister isgoing omg ! im so sad!
i wanna go to the MMVAs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
watching the MTV awards again -.- soooo bored 
@MuchMusic aww man  .. why not this year? 
@TiaMowry i love the game  BET needs to pick it up i heard that was in the process of being arranged but who knows [ sighs ]
gahh, i wish that i was in the city tomorrow for the MMVAs!!! so many celebrities are in town 
Wish I could see @lightsnoise at @MuchMusic's MMVAs tomorrow...sometimes it sucks living in the US... 
@MuchMusic be there  but ill be watching on tv  even though im like.. in toronto. haha
the MMVA's are tomorrow!! omg i wanna go  tila tequila is gonna be there T.T
@MuchMusic pft, nickleback is the bomb (: just like much music ^^ , how are you doinggg ? its raining , iknoe it sucks  wat u doing ?
I  can't go to the MMVAs tomorrow...a few reasons that twitter will not let me explain...hopefully by some miracle I'll be able to go 
MMVA's Tomorro!!! ---too bad i cant go  owell. good thing for teleevisionnn
The cable guy came and put a trap or something on my cable cord and know i can only see channels 1-36 how lame!! :p no MTV or VH1! 
is watchin The Crow on MTV...kinda stupid. leavin the beach in the morning 
What would happened if everyone banded together and tried to get MTV to play more videos? IDK they should but we can't make them! 
MMVA's wish I could go 
watching the rerun of the MMVA's because i missed it last night 
@nickjonas you were really great at the MMVA's.you inspire me so much and teach me lots of lessons.i wish you a good tour MyTicket=stolen 
@MuchMusic too bad I don't get Muchmusic anymore 
@MuchMusic booo!!! i was lookin forward to seeing him!!!  
So freaking mad that this hotel has 15 espn channels and no MTV! What kind of crap is that?! I can't see runs house 
if only the MMVA's were a week later... than I would have been able to go.  @OfficialTL
@xPowxBangxBoomx dammiitt!! i wish i had MTV 
@solangeknowles no solange @ BET awards   i enjoyed year b4 last when u danced.da best part was when u rep.Htine at da end.ya i seendatlol
Man, I'm gonna miss the BET Awards 
@lishlove I might just do that. Nickelodeon doesn't seem to show any of those shows anymore. I must be getting old 
what a catch donnie live is on mtvU! my fav songgggg. gabe sang his bit sounded like a creepy person though. didnt have the other bits 
@mileycyrus why were you not on the MMVA ... i wich you weree 
MTV2 legit is legit but anna doesn't think so 
iNeed someonne to update me on The Real World cuz iDont qot MTV! 
@surgeAA we went to the MTVs this year I think it was.and no one screamed for them when they arrived  SO we did tehehee!yeah that was it!
@aileenabigail i hope its true about they coming here ;) sooo wanna go.last time when they here for MTV i have an exam 
This latest episode of NewNowNext is like full of awesome! 
@curlyxfries Hey T. HUFBB! iloveloveloveloveyouuu.  YOU BET life is joyful. (:
@Jonasbrothers i cant wait until you guys come for the MMVA's ANNND, the world tour, i cant wait to give you guys my letter  &lt;3
@gfalcone601 I know! But there's a sweet 16 show on MTV where they take it all away from them for a week and make them work for it all! 
@Keels_90 rolling stones and MTV all the way 
Listening to CMT and trying to get motivated to do my housework 
@porschaparker They'll all wanna be your friend when you get your MTV award porscha! lol..BTW, you have agreat voice! 
i hope Twilight will be nominated for all the categories it was eligible for in the 2009 MTV Movies Awards. 
At work...watching the latest Hills due to our American IP address! MTV you cannot stop me ..haha! 
@iloomis Yep, that's my baby bro. Now that he's done some work for PBS in addition to MTV, he's a documentarian (fka reality TV producer) 
there's like a SlipKnot video marathon on MTV2! 
finally saw @trohman on MTV Cribs 
finished. now watcin tv then off to start cars in old lyme with dad. lovin each and every one.. TAYLORS ON CMT!!!!!! i love herrrr!!!! &lt;3 
voted for @taylorswift13 on CMT.com 
voyed on MTV Movie Awards  Mostly on TWILIGHT and SLUMDOG   http://is.gd/wBt6
@UrbanLegend215 I'm watchin re-runs on dvr. I luv it. Thanks BET for playing it 10 times a day  ok well only 8 times a day.
Scarred is on tonight  10-11pm MTV R, watch if you wanna see a sexy guy!
@mattfollowill Good luck on Leno &amp; the MTV Movie Awards - make sure u country-punk-garage their LA asses &amp; stay pure - Kings we love u 
taylor swift's teardrops on my guitar just played in Mtv!!! i'm luvin it!!! 
My new Twitter followers, please join FOTP http://flopofthepops.proboards.com/ - The ULTIMATE Pop Music/Entertainment forum. Lots of fun! 
I love it when people update thier stories on Quizilla  , maybe I will update one of my stories before I got to work 
@peaches_allday hmm why don't u and ur friends who feel the same petition BET and demand a spin off? I'd totally do it w @CeeGeeEff 
http://tinyurl.com/ckbr3s - MTV Movie Awards 09. make sure your vote counts... 
Watching MTV boxset featuring PCD .. they will have a concert here in Philippines. They're great dancer ... and singer lolx! peace 
Viendo el concierto de The Cure  en Mtv.
My new Twitter followers, please join FOTP http://flopofthepops.proboards.com/ - The ULTIMATE Pop Music/Entertainment forum. Lots of fun! 
This is so funny: http://FunnyOrDie.com/videos/5d5afcd5d7 - you don't mess with a MTV Movie Awards Best Fight Nominee 
Top 5: Eminem today on MTV2. Yeaaah!  I've watched almost 2 hours the music channels just to see him somewhere... And when i couldnt hope
@MTV so stoked for their new album 
@theOlsens hey! will you go to the MTV movie awards? i want to see you there 
@NiggalessCage he's on MTV2 right now turn it on 
