Most common words for this cluster:
[('must', 235), ('today', 14), ('work', 14), ('day', 14), ('get', 14), ('time', 14), ('days', 9), ('try', 7), ('tomorrow', 7), ('find', 6), ('night', 6), ('twitter', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Must', 0.9999308586120605), (u'Needed', 0.59123295545578), (u'Can', 0.5830352902412415), (u'Requires', 0.576354444026947), (u'Prefer', 0.5433226227760315), (u'Could', 0.5361853241920471), (u'Should', 0.5287665724754333), (u'must', 0.5287256836891174), (u'Maintain', 0.5286164283752441), (u'Want', 0.5267447829246521)]





I am hunting for my adios tablets and cant find them anywhere. Must go out, but cant be arsed. 
What a day!! But winter is coming  Must fix the bath lol
Must continue the never-ending cycle of creating food for consumption. Getting up to go towards that room - the kitchen. I hate cooking 
Must be at least half vampire...70 degrees today, bright sunshine...barely tolerable 
Feeling left out 'cos I'm not doing the readathon.  Must be more organised next time. #readathon
@neuroaxon I have a crazy migraine too! Must be the weather. 
Why did I stay up so late? Must wake early 
Must start studying so freakin behind 
Not feeling good. Must have caught something from somebody! 
What an awful night - but what a glorious day today, total blue sky.  Must enjoy tonday - back to work tomorrow 
feels stir-crazy today.  Must be the gloomy weather.   Hopefully getting the tomatoes and peppers seeded will make me feel more &quot;springy&quot;.
Finally recovered after yesterday's drinking session. I seem to have become something of a lightweight. Must be my age 
The weather forecast says it's going to be sunny for the next five days.  Must be time to go to work 
Just got home. Shoes were actually killing my feet full on blister style!. Really angry at shoes right now!  Must put them on ebay
Must've slept funny last night - ouchies! 
Must get outta my pj's and get ready for work 
is exploring twitter - and partied too much last night!  Must get back to work!
Must have mug tattooed on his forehead  for fuck sake.....
Where is she twitter?! I have no-one to talk to. Must be too windy for my bus stop friend 
Must remember not to talk to poodle out loud in public places. He cannot help read maps but surely i'm not the only lost person 
Folks coming. Must clean. 
Must stop watching the snooker and get on with her essay 
Must stay motivated. do not flake on friend   u can do it. go linda go
Ugh. So tired. But I can't sleep yet! Must stay awake till atleast 1am... This sucks 
@cragnet I'm dreaming of an E90 replacement too ... N97 looks like just an enhanced 5800  - Must confess I'm happy with a lighter and ...
@iEllie Aw!  I never saw you!    Must meet up sometime!
holy fuck. I had another homebrew explode on me. But this time my Skullsplitter clone, not the dopplebock. Must be the air pressure. 
So tired. Must take a nap and then resume hardcore studying 
Third time lucky on the last update  Must need more coffee. Apologies.
Must...get...up...painful. I don't like early mornings  At least I have an interesting day ahead of me!
Pleased with the Dodgers win tonight. Must sleep now 
@lmpotter Oic. Must be a bummer to have loads of work just before summer 
Must I get up? I never get sleep-ins anymore  uggggggggh!
Just woke up. Must get to the gym and then do my uni presentation for thursday 
Just cleaned my balcony for the summer... wow, it's much better now, but where have all the flowers gone?  Must get new ones...
Must be possum season or something I saw three dead possums on the road this morning 
@Sparkly82 Aw huggles, babe. I'm sorry you're tired  Must pay you a visit soon. I miss you insanely. &lt;3
goodnite tweeple! Must get rest...long day tomorrow 
Must get up.....too damn comfy tho 
@hobbs Oh well, thanks anyway.  Must have left it on the train - crap 
@hellonhairylegs  I'm sorry to hear that. Must be hard to negotiate
Must do math revision ... but failing 
@wordspit yup ... Must be the recession. It's like they stole a vital organ, i cant live without my baby. It's been like 2 months 
Tired this morning  Must go to bed earlier...
Must be a European thing. I want bank holiday too!  dammit.
We are now blocking wikispaces. Must send links to your specific wiki for it to become unblocked 
@EleanorCollins the chairs are fabulous although the hubbub has subsided. Must celebrate his great day! also knackered 
Must... stop... procrastinating... bad twitter 
Raaaaaaaaaaagh early morning  and its not even early!! Must leave for work in 6 minutes...
Must. get. up. 
Must head back to the office 
@LMStellaPR Must have been the night for it. We had a nightmare evening too. You still sick too? Never gonna get well w/out sleep! 
Wowwww. Must be the liquor talking, cuz its so difffff when ur sober!!! 
Only came on to gush about my shirt. Must clean house now.  *wishing I was still 15 and could yell at my mom to do it herself*
My penance for 5.5 days + 2 weekends off: 2 days of work on a sunny weekend.  Must get stuck in now 
Must...stop..watching netflix on demand..must get out of..bed.... help 
Must be a hard life to buy all your subs with free stuff 
It is really hot here  No joke. Must.. not.. get.. baked.. alive!... resist... the.. overbearing.. heat!.........
Ouch! Just checked the credit card balance - not good. Must slow down on the shopping! 
Must to to work 
Must go to work 
@BulldogRescueNJ we've been super busy; lots of new #bulldogs in our care. Must be the season.  how's it going up by you?
Right,showered.fake tanned and dressed. Must go revise outside now. 
@Orchidflower I have loads of foxgloves - been in years and not a flower spike in sight   Must try harder (me, not them!!)
What did I do for such a long time? I could finish that work a month ago... but doing it right now. Must finish till tomorrow... 
Suunto..why won't your software update my watch rather than try to update the software where all my data is   Must be user error by me
My couch is attempting to hold me hostage...  Must resist. Must go to work. 
The marlins are up. Must be time for the wave...   #idiots
Only 4 hours? Really?  so tired.  Must go back to sleep -.-zzzZZZ
@krissi55 You deffo should see the doctor then.  Must be very uncomfortable.  
Must get low C's up to at least low B's before friday! 
@amiestuart   I'm so excited!  Must check to see if they're showing reruns of the AW finale, since  I somehow missed it 
really weird they have absolutely no news whatsoever. Must be terrible for the family and friends waiting 
Must cut spending to a minimum 
Pity my cat. It's too warm for him. He keeps hiding in the shade.  Must suck to have fur on a day like this.
@cupcakemafia At least you get 2 days in a row, then. Must make it hard to plan climbing weekends, though. 
The hell, firefox keeps crashing on me.  Must be a sign that I need to go fold laundry. 
Must...workout...soon...   
Tired and sore today from the weekend, and sadly headachey again  . Must be the air in the office.
was not able to attend training because of hives. Must be the weather.  http://plurk.com/p/xpy6w
currently at 3/7 interviews to applications.  Must... stay... positive! 
@imneverfull I passed that madness on my way. Must have just missed it.  
@mouthsex bahahaha i know! i know!  Must kill zombies every day!
Having total allergy attack. Must find meds. 
Sometimes running a business sucks. Must sell a horse 
Must go to sleeeep!! 6 am comes Wayy to early   #goodnight
can't wait to ditch her internet connection. Must change it! 
@karuna_ramesh Must be the rains..! Most of us got drenched in the rains last week! 
Must go now 
Must start my cafs assignment 
@overlordtrainee @ayoslang @rcdiugun Thanks. Must remind the world that since I have not been clone, I can only serve one god at a time 
@BerryVEE won't let other ppl enjoy it when I can't anymore LOL. Must suffer together 
@iowakathy I have to say no too. Must be on yarn buying hiatus for a little while. I think the weather is going to work against us today 
@Candylatte Must be a U.S. thing 
Sweating on the train. Must remember to sit on the side NOT in the sun. 
I feel really sick  Must remember to eat well before and after especially when I take those nasty iron pills.
Must go unpack from this weekend's trip so I have room to sleep on my bed 
Also its 130am &amp; I have the munchies. Must resist food! 
Running against a deadline in bio. Must find out about plants. I've just started wondering why I singed up for this and geography 
work work work. Must I really walk an hour and take a 20 minute subte just to get to work?! 
The last day of freedom before classes start... this is so sad.  Must buy books....
@krismac702 Barfy...not well. Must postpone.  
@drchino arg! Must send that!!  oops!
Must be off to get ready for work 
Gottttta wake up @ 645. Must go to sleeeeeeeeeeeep. 
Cracking lips! Must be the 18degree air con ystd 
has found out that I was snoring loudly. Must have been sleeping on my back 
@fashionesedaily I just left grand indo mal. Must pick up my car from bengkel..hihihihih...agak nyesel gue gak beli sour sally 
Just realised it's over two years since I've seen my youngest sister   Must try to reconnect today at lunch. Doesn't time fly by quickly?
Must do some practice for the gig tonight. Can barely remember which way round to hold the bass 
I have heartburn  Must have eaten too much chili earlier...
So bored with this. Must keep going 
Must not be my day 
Must go back too work, they are starting to come in again 
@adodds Oh, that's really sad  Must be some nice people down there.
@Ashtarte sorry to hear that. Must be very disappointing 
It's so hard not to go into the mac store... Must save money for vegas 
I am using twitter as a tool for procrastination. Must leave you all to concentrate on report writing. I bid you farewell for now 
My stupid phone. Must buy memory card tomorrow..keep losing texts etc!   gnite all so sleepy!!
Must learning now   for the french test next week!!!Nnnnoooo
Must tidy room 
Must learn that i react badly to certain antihistamines.  *sigh* I have no energy at all, just really drowsy. Why do I keep taking them?
Must use facilities but may mean we are late for the opening. 
another late night. I have been soo busy today I was not online to twitter much  I miss twittering! Must try harder to get on tomorrow~
It's 10:43 my cat is not home yet   Must stay up, it's going to be a long day tomorrow
Listenin 2 my own speech on the previous #toastmaster meeting. It was a bad delivery 4 a good speech script i made  Must try harder ltr on
Oops. Ignore last tweet. Must get better hang of keyboard shortcuts 
killing time while waiting 4 the bus. Must take little one 2 docs 2day, need 2 inspect tick bite site.  Not a happy camper!
Must go to gym, must go to gym, don't want toooooo, whine 
Must get ready for work  I wonder if they would mind me taking in the laptop and writing all evening? hmm
Must be getting old. It now takes weeks for a pulled muscle to stop hurting.  And it seems to hurt a heck of a lot more than it use to.
Fading fast after worst night's sleep ever. Must rely on caffeine and loud music to make it until 5:30. 
Must i always be waiting on you? Must i always be playing your fool? 
Helping to move a heavy metal cupboard while chest muscles were already badly inflammed was really stupid of me. Must think beforehand. 
@Qierann Must i really get it? 
Must go vegetarian. I must. But its so haaaaard  http://plurk.com/p/11cmah
Morning! I had the second worse nightmare ever... Must of been the teriyaki sauce but I was soooo scared! It seemed so real 
really must stop looking at cupcake recipes on the web  Must revise...can't be bothered though :/
Finally got tied up again. That was a long break!    Must find a way to keep family drama from interfering with my private life schedule.
Trying to get used to getting home later with new job.By time home i have no energy for gym.Must seriously rectify as feeling podgy 
Must do chem homework 
I must finally admit that I can no longer keep up with all my online social networking and have any kind of real life. Must trim it down. 
Cleaning aquarium. Must repopulate due to recent fatalities.  I miss all the bright colors!!
Homeeee an man it feels good it's a little warm today. Must get ready to go running cause I was told I eat to much 
wtf somehow i got a flat tire yesterday on my bicycle.  Must go by new one i guess. 
Just woken up from a horrid dream. Must talk to my dad for reassurance immediately... But it's so early. 
wow... just looked at my fridge and I have nothing to eat  Must go grocery shopping... the bane of my existance
Morning! Must have slept funny, got a very stiff neck... 
Testing so far today = 0. Being back in the office means more &quot;where are we now&quot; meetings and less real progress  Must be done though.
uh oh. I lost one of the candles I bought. Must have fallen out on the bus 
Must play catch up at work since I took yesterday off. No fun! 
Must wait a bit longer for 3.0 
Must get dressed and walk the dog. It is looking more ominous out there.... 
@TehDonDitty I know.  I was going to wait for it to break everyone else's phones first then install it later but I cannot wait! Must have!
There are some very obnoxiously drunk cub fans on the train... Must be drinking away their sorrows 
Missing clt boo.  Must snap out of it 
@MissLea3 ah sleep!! Must be nice. I forgot what that was. 
Must get up and do something productive, but that's far too much effort 
@ReneeBarber I don't have it either  Must get 'cause the kids haven't seen it. If I spot on blueray will let you know
is prawn prawn pant. Must finish that pre-production work tonite yet. 
O its raining  Must go working now, the joys of it....
My vertigo is playing up. Must get off the computer 
Must something bigger - there are more than 2 firetrucks outside - maybe an accident on the motorway once again 
That last tweet was sooo grammatically incorrect. Must be a sign! I'm going to sleep 
@dtissagirl So it's already online, then. Must download. Though, dude. No more! 
My house smells... Not sure like what, but I don't like it. Must find the source of that smell tomorrow. 
Should have been studying these days... but the days are going wasted  Must be getting serious by now..
@rsrecidoro *sigh* Must tell the ex to switch from aero to heli instead 
@bill_slawski Really - that far back? I've only noticed this significantly, very recently. Must not have been paying attention... 
Must get back to my desk 
My stomach feels funny.  Must be all the antibiotics still roaming around in there.
wishes she had a reason to cry. So so sad all the sudden. Must be overworked/lack of sleep...Who knows. 
Must clean my rooooom    prepare for a giant bag of crap to be thrown out; I don't put it there, rubbish seems to breed in my room
Is SO so sad  I have to get rid of my dog. This is so hard for me to do. It breaks my heart. Must find a good home for her.
woke up with aching and sore arms   Must have overdone things yesterday  *sigh*
Must go to work now. 
@KayCeeStroh What is killshot? Must not be very pleasant. 
Demuu? Must meet us again.... ii miss you the last time 
Bummin today  Must be the rain........
Must clean house  Klaxons to the rescue!
totally sad  Must I always be alone?
was craving a nice rib eye! felt good when i had it. now i feel disgusting    Must go to pilates, 1st thing in am!!!!
Must get out of bed, but its so warm and nice 
Giving up on the wget manpage - scrolling several minutes and still haven't found options for recursive and &quot;download all&quot;. Must google 
Going to spend a bit of time with someone who no longer has a father to spend the day with. Must be one of the worst days of the year 
is frustrated,   he can't find any of his friends - even though they are twitter users.  Must be a glitch in the system.  
Must attempt to rest before I start cleaning the apartment again 
Packing today. Must remember to pack an extra box of tissues for at the airport.  
My wife's A/C started working on the way to the shop. Must be a switch or sensor issue. No car shopping this weekend. 
Must resist elizabeth &amp; james sale on hautelook.... 
@SarahInTheSkyy:read your blog Must be torture to go through that I would love to go into acting and performing but nothing at my school 
Ungh 17/20 for my first statistics quiz.  Must study stratified sampling with proportional allocation 
Ugh..very tired &amp; running on empty. Must sleeeeep! I need to get at least 1 hour before work.  
Two ads out the door... two more to go, but out of time for today.  Must be bad juju in the creative world... five ads DLing over 3 days 
@darnellwright   i feel like such a punk..im drwain blanks here..*old wise chinese man * Must not dishonor the trending topics
@sexpensive doc said that? I knew they were all bad! Must have sucked really bad to have to go back to it 
@JonathanRKnight how does it feel to have thousands of girls anwering ur every twitter? Must be cool 
I feel all weird and grown up-ish after getting my ... Engagament ring.  It's beautiful. And shiny. Must state at the shiny ...
o.O hughesy live!!  Must investigate - at least i wouldn't be causing car accidents from radio laughter  *reminder set
is overtired... Must get more sleep tonight.  Only two more days 
Gorgeous day outside! Must take a stroll and get a green tea frap before hitting up the biblioteca 
@kcarruthers indeed! it was an absolute delight. Must do the #ggds thing again i think 
Never woken up so hungry before! Must head into town and eat, before going shopping, else I'll end up with too much junk 
@Coffeerama Must mean they're better by now then! 
@littlefoxy Your 'husband-bike-open windows-response' only just appeared in twitter search. Must have been lingering... 
Up way past the usual bedtime ... nap was worth it though ... drawback to being up late - hungry! Must ignore ... and go to bed. 
@_kelli That would be fun! I will keep it safe and sound for you until we're able to meet up. Must get some shut-eye now... 
Must be time for lunch now. No idea what to have so I'm off home to see what's in the fridge. 
@weblivz Even better, the ones that say &quot;Must have at least 10 years .NET experience&quot;, and it's 2004 
Must finish sermon up today before I go outside to play.  Actually its work in the yard, but we won't make the kids work too hard. 
Editing an interview I recorded weeks ago, been procrastinating it for too long. Must get on 
Must go meet a couple about a wedding now. bubye 
@princess_charl Must be 
had two beautiful skydives this afternoon, both two-way with people just met  Must pop back to Redlands!
#Canucks seem to be falling a lot. Must mean they're skating extra hard tonight. 
sooo bored!! cant stop yawning! Must take buddy to puppy school tonight 
@fridley of you have a new profile picture.  Must be getting to the end of random images form images.google.com now? 
Must come to client office more often - in the time i've been here I been given chocs and warm cookies - someone obviously likes me! 
@SarahWV Must be an easy commute 
@littlebrownpen hey, you took your hat off! Must be spring. 
@TorreviejaVilla Must admit they do seem to have hit the right note with it, you could almost imagine a mini series  
@AaronWoolala : aww.. alright then.. try not to stay sad too long yea. It's not good for the health! Must cheer up! 
@j0annepsi  thanksj000  Must get book to kaz now
@inf0rmer Must confess I was expecting a blue screen at the very end 
@d_n_t Ah, a nice herd/flock pun to start the day ;) Must try out several browsers, it's my job 
@verbomania I'm just stuck in the 90's. Must be the shell suit I'm wearing today     
Must be lunchtime soon surely 
Must go and write my chinese oral... just don't have the motivation right now 
Must admit I love this peace I have in life. Its amazing how awesome it is when you remove those negative things or in sum  cases ppl 
@steamcrow hmm, we need some moncom gear! Must shop! 
The academy is tour ah! Must find money i know im gonna start selling stuff i dont want anymore 
@Skullwalker  I know my browser is a mess right now. Must be catching!!
@gigglesmile What is a good colour for a dining room wall? Must go with white and greys 
