Most common words for this cluster:
[('must', 270), ('day', 30), ('today', 28), ('work', 22), ('get', 22), ('tomorrow', 16), ('night', 16), ('amp', 13), ('http', 12), ('time', 12), ('quot', 11), ('ve', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Must', 0.9689965844154358), (u'Can', 0.6389315128326416), (u'Needed', 0.6215581893920898), (u'Want', 0.5910474061965942), (u'Could', 0.590880274772644), (u'Prove_Itself', 0.5897745490074158), (u'Requires', 0.5836961269378662), (u'Prove_Themselves', 0.5792980790138245), (u'Might', 0.5791602730751038), (u'customer_servi_MORE', 0.5785120725631714)]





Must stay of Etch shop, Must stay of Etch shop, Must stay of Etch shop, Must stay of Etch shop . . . dammit 
@JoAnneJoyM http://twitpic.com/3hopj - Ive seen worse...Must agree though...An Ugly big kitty cat 
My body is giving in to the being sick urge. Must resist. Do not want 
Accidentally hacked into @ReBinder's online store and created a 10% auto discount. CEO is      Must make up for it by increasing sales 10%
@RiskyBusinessMB Must you gents always drive right through the OC without stopping for a visit? Makes me feel like you don't love us. 
tired after watching #f1. Exciting stuff. Must resist falling to sleep now  Cup of tea will do the trick nicely
has  faced the fact that his &quot;machine-washed&quot;  I-Pod cannot be revived   Must turn loose of false hope and and discard ..whaaa..
Kids back in school.   Must...have...coffee.  Hoping hubby brings me back some Timmy Horton's.  Mmmmm....double double!
Don't wanna go to work.  Why wasn't I born independently wealthy? Must take this up with parents.
@Ibenn If I paint? Will have to set up studio...clonazepm  I have oil pastels &quot;calling me&quot;.  Must get drop cloth.
Feeling particularly large today  Anyway Basketball this evening, swimming tomorrow afore pub quiz and gym on friday. Must make it a w ...
Bummer 1 of my followers ditched me  Mustn't be that exciting! such a lovely day in melbourne today, makes you feel happy to be alive
CAN'T GET TO WOLVERHAMPTON TONIGHT!   UGGHH. Must find way &gt;.&lt;
Slight toothache. Must get to dentist before it worsens 
Must learn music for a test. Blues is not very interesting. and i don't understand it  HELP...
New motherboard ordered. Must wait 4 tues. 
Must get some sleep! Must get some sleep! No more twitter ville tonight   Good night all!
Must learn History.......I hate history...  
I forgot to watch Masterchef.  Must watch catch up tomorrow.
Must go to sleep. I have to take my mom to the airport at 5:30 am  Cry for me.
@mcantor Crap, how did I do that?  I totally thought Blink was first.  Must have messed up the pub dates in my brain 
Must go to bed soon....630am comes WAAAAY to fast 
I spoke too soon. Have stopped moving on the Bruce Highway. Must be a prang ahead 
Must remember to take the Hayfever tablets before I leave the house in future... achoo! 
Bored.. no one around to chat..   Must be out spending time with the Mom's.. some of us gotta work.. ok ... sit here and be bored at work.
(Gulp and Sigh) Calling Mother - Must pretend to be strong. 
K'Jon - On The Ocean... aaand I'm already missing the Chi  Must. return. asap. :| as in possibly late 2G9 *crosses fingers*
Internet connection going bonkers.  Must tweet before it goes out again.  I'm just speechless about Lost.  We must wait until next year. 
It's not even 6am and I'm up. Grr. Slight headache &amp; stressing abt needing to finish defensive driving today. Must sleep more. 
@JeffParsons Now I am ashamed I bought the cheap knock-off.  Must get an Slanket for myself now in apricot to match my living room.
@cal46 priming the deck. Problem - pups can't play out back. Must walk pups on leash for next 24 hours 
I'm taking my sore back to bed  Must work allll day tomorrow and not sure how it's gonna work with my back. Boooo.. Nite.
@RandomRambling Holidays? The only holidays we'll have here, in Israel, are far away into September. Must.Get.Rest.Too.Tired 
@XAprilZX oh crap I forgot it!! Must remember next Mon 
Sold my Whitney Headband:  http://ow.ly/7y35.  Must make another... I'm so behind! 
Still waiting for my new pc to arrive   2fps in Dalaran is giving my headaches. Must get Netherwing rep... extreme yawn!
What a weekend ... Must study study now!  Boo!
Why?!? My neighbor put a password on the wireless connection! Must learn how to make Crackberry a modem! 
Alright. I can barely keep  my eyes open  Must sleep.
@ladymaryann @Mia_R can't stand reading anoop-caw-caw... Must decide whether I like truth that hurts or living in lie 
Aww, last day of tennis tomorrow  Must get pictures of new Milo friends! :&gt;
Must work out! Way to many beers lately! 
@melissabeck Aww poor Shalom, let me know how it goes, I expect a full report...it is so cruel indeed.  Must be done however...
Tomorrow morning is going to hurt.  Must go to sleep.  Only have about 1 cup of coffee left.  That's CUP not pot.  Ugh!  
Cannot get up this morn. Must be the thought of an 8am-6pm day and 2 peoples jobs in one today 
@aneffie53  thx, I was aware,  2 day festival -multi bands - but GA I can't do any more.  Must wait for a sit down concert 
Just rang the irish one. Drunk. Must confiscate phone.  hate him lots.
Dear god I'm so sleepy, and it's only 6:30. Must be sleep deprived. I even fell asleep sitting up. *groans* I'm I really that old? 
Didn't get done what I planned to accomplish today. Must have been all those naps. So tired all day   now gotta get up early tomorrow
Must be lake day... Lots of boats and jet skis at the gas station. Peeps... Take me with you 
@apetrigs Mmm that's the billionth time you've mentioned it! Must try Marble Slab... but there's nobody to go with me today 
Must say that &quot;Are they playing Volleyball on a table tennis court?&quot; is no longer quite as funny as it used to be... 
Must say good night. Will check for Asylm updates in the morn before work. Knew I should have jacked in work to go 
Oh no...my lab is limping. Something wrong w/ her front rt paw. Must've hurt it on the long run today 
I have the most terrible bags under my eyes. Must rectify that before I go to work. Looks like cute boy's not working today 
Gotta get another wisdom tooth extracted tomorrow morning. Must mope around for the rest of the day. 
Must ignore the sunshine. Essay to finish... Harumph 
Small puncture attack by sofa staple has resulted on quite a big purple bruise on my elbow. Must've hit a vein or something 
Watching Romeo Must Die...makes me miss Aaliyah  she was so beautiful
Must work on my london bridge project at some point today for my 3d class  *plays more WoW* ... I said SOME POINT today ;)
@shanedawson aww that really sucks!  Must be very hard. I can't imagine a life without my dad. Your idea is very sweet!
Took lots of picks today of upcoming items. All in the blue family. Must be missing my blue car from yesterday 
Phone is going to die and no can find charger    Must be back in Indiana...
@PaulaCoMayo Mines out of date!!  Must get more organised!
Gaah! Must have inadvertently deleted my sister's email containing the picture, can't find it at the moment  Will ask her to send it again
@holmestrip Sorry...   Must be a bright side somewhere...
@TheWineVault Bedrooms ok with heaters.Lounge not so good this morning.Must get more wood.Oh to be prepared.3 degrees tues apparently 
got sunburnt today  Have a weird line down my right arm. Must have missed that bit with the sun cream. Hope the nice wether continues.....
So I think I just got hired from Express? Must stop by Verizon and request a new phone. Keep having problems with msg/network deliveries 
Must admit Zac handled it well!!! 
Shorts.. And it's not raining.. Must be physio time.. And see what she thinks about me heading to Germany.. 
@Shady76  @pauleyperrette seems to have been suspended also. Must have also been a fake.  
@jachee Same here.  Must have been something at  McAlister's.  I was up all night 
@jaay89 A few guests for lunch but nobody staying - yet. Must be a bugger for Shaun stuck inside on a day like this 
OMG!! I feel like crap right now!! Must have food &amp; medicine then sleep 
how is it 12:30 already!?! Must go have some lunch &amp; pack up for work. Got no knitting done this morning - bah! 
is sad    Found out last night that my old trainer in SoCal (who lives in WA now) is dying of cancer.  Must go visit while I can!
Bed ridden with headache  Rubbish. Must be more productive tomorrow. The sun makes me want to sleep!
@KimJKgal Must be soo sore ,get loadsa cream on it  ....Ima good,was @ work but well quiet so had a lazy easy day lol xx
Bah! I forgot to get shower supplies during my latest Schucks outing. Must go now, or continue being smelly. 
Too worked up and excited. Must focus on a theoretical proposal on a stem-cell based pancreatic cancer therapy. Pancreatic cancer sucks 
Just lost Internet due to bad splitter?If your in the neighborhood.  Must.....Get.....connected 
@RikRay OW! Glad your shoulder is better. Must have taken a long time to heal, though. 
@imaginefx OOoooooh, now you're just teasing-been out to WHSmiths and they still have the old issue  Must get a subscription going!
Actually breathing this morning. Must be that the rain washed all the pollen out of the air.  Will soon be killed by the resulting mold.  
Must stop exploring new phone and sleep. Exhausted. Want to read sooo bad. 
GAH! 1095 new emails! NOT cool. Note to self: Must check hotmail MORE often.  sooo much deleting its not even funny.
Must.resist.urge.to.buy.Diamon.package.for.Asylum2010 *clenches teeth* But but... I WANTZ! 
hahaha gud 2 knw miley cyrus iz gud 4 ONE thing!! Hahaha. Ag nothng much hey just everythng!! Must b a bad day ??  Hw was ur day?? @Kirhay
@anna_christine Arghhhh I am tempted to look it up on wiki now. Must not. I hope Chris is ok. 
Must go to the train station  Fun times. x
@machinegunhand Fer sure. Must be a bug going around, everyone is getting sick 
I think Coal has a serious skin disease..  Must visit a vet this weekend.
@Thairose: Don't sound so miserable. If lunch wasn't normal, you still got dinner ; )     : |    Must Have ID
Must've jinx'd it.  After tweet about busy &amp; fun chat ref this morn, not a single chat session 
Haven't heard anything from hubby. Must mean he's had a really bad pain day. I don't even know if the surgery is going forward. No info. 
@keeda Oh completely forgot about that. Must make a plan soon. Stuck in office right now though 
Must remember to go on Active Sports this weekend. Was all g'd up for the 30 day challenge when I got it but only been on it once since. 
Installed activ expression on my samsung nc20 to have a play... Must say the jury is still out 
Sad day when you realize that no one participated in free giveaway on your blog. Must be people's way of telling me to get a new hobby 
awful. Must go now. Family trip, I DIEEEEEE 
Must seek rides with at least a thrill factor of 3 - Ari actually wants to go in the upside down one, but she's not tall enough yet  #fb
@mrsdibiase I can't wait for that!  Must share with me now, even if u have to like..email! LOL! I never withhold Teddy goodness from you!
Must stop falling asleep on the couch. Now I'll be up until 3 or 4. 
Must sleeeeepppp.  A crappy day of golf out in Brentwood today.  I shot a freaking 95!  I should have been at least 7 or 8 shots lower. 
Lunch afternoon &amp; dinner with friends. Awesome time. Having trouble winding down to go to sleep. Must get up early 
Must buy Sims 3, but I have no money  I have to wait about month, noooo!
No rain here this morning. Think it went over on the night. Must do some work today 
My tweets from the Meadows Festival have arrived - late! Must have got stuck somewhere. So much for real-time 
@benrlr I finish at 5. . . 3 more hours  want to go home. . Must. . . Revise . . And sleep! Ha, how are ya Mr b? x
Must be tick season in Florida. . . . just found third tick in two days . . . all in the bedroom 
I'm weary now. Long day at work. Beer and scampi on the way. Must do some work before staff meeting in the morning! 
http://bit.ly/GzCLD   Must Watch..Poor situation of the Tamils 
Ahh! Got to get to the video rental store. Must make it before 9 or they'll charge me a late fee. 
Is upset that her Megaupload Preminium account finishes in an hour and a half   Must get Ghost Hunters done before it finishes
The weekend is over. Tear  Must be motivated to take care of myself throughout the week. Running and some yoga, for sure.
Home now, car still @ train station. Must be the battery but I left nothing on. I hate cars sometimes!  Esp @ midnight on a work night!!!
Drained and annoyed, exhausted and irritated. Must think of my happy place. 
@karpsy They spammed me too. Must've read about my Brit-pod 
Must finish blitzing the bathroom before I can get back to work. Awful job. So dull and damp. 
No storm  Must've just passed by.
Must be a friggin miracle. I was up before 6 a.m. to workout. Gotta boost that metabolism! Now off to work 
Grr, I have something stuck in my throat and it hurts to cough. Must. Get. Waaaater 
New job is a bummer.  Must keep looking 
I hate mosquito bites  plus stuy time now. Must do well on my soial diploma to redeem myself. Rawr
I miss seeing my Sims vomit into the toilet bowl after theyve eaten the bad food in the fridge.  Must.. play...
Practice = pain. A good pain, but pain nonetheless. Must rest shoulders.. 
Weird how the new Safari 4 refuse to launch or/and scroll down pages today... Working fine at home though. Must be my system at work 
Home from work at midight. Back by 830am. Must truly be insane. If was sane. Would call in sick tommorrow 
Awww.. I always miss out on the final episode of Naturally, Sadie. Must watch the full episode! Sigh.. I miss the show! 
@Scriblit  ... sorry to hear that. Must have been awful. Take heart - milk teeth not, but kids are v resilient... *hug*
Wait wait wait... this is myh first tweet of the day?! Amazing! Must be the weather... but I have work until 5am tomorrow 
Must sleep!  I was up all night talking to Dillon! Also have to study. 
Help'm totally tense.Have real pain.Must be today but from 4:00pm-8:00pm work.Just see that I have somehow come to the doctor the day. 
I'm a wee bit bitter today. Must be the fact that I have a nail in my tire YET again and had to swap cars + the insane amts of traffic! 
Placed too much sesame seed oil on the noodles.  Must cook better food tomorrow.
Headed home for lunch.  Must abandon my Tweet Deck momentarily.  
Swivel chair acting very strange. I get up, it pops way up; sit &amp; it sinks all the way down. Must be valve. Had lots of problems w/chairs 
@rickmur Must be nice!  I wish we could do that... I even had a Juniper reseller tell me he could get me EX4200s for cheaper than 3560s 
Must go say night night to my daughter - she's reading in bed right now - not a @maureenjohnson book though - Amazon hold on to them 
its raining. Hard. And i'm not feeling spectacular. Must go to work anywy 
OH THE SADNESS!~ PORQUE?! Must stalk Zero at her house today...  well if she lets me... T-T
feels really mean today and I don't like it!  Left 2 negatives on ebay AND reported mailman to usps. Must do random act of kindness...
@julieitis I'm sad Facebook won't just let me have kate.southern.    Must come up with new name.
Must be quite gloomy outside, Ihad to switch-on the office lights. Think we're supposed to be having a rainy day today anyway, so... 
Omg headache! Must be due to the ubin sun  - http://tweet.sg
Unable to sleep . . . even though it is almost 5AM.  Must be all the excitement over the prospective road trip. Believe it when I see it.
Must head out into the horrible weather again for a bit  Boooooo.
Throat is burning! Must get out of he'd and go to school though. 
LBJ is a total loser, douchebag! Look at this douchebaggery! Must be a sore loser.  I used to respect him  http://bit.ly/mAyG4
@Fozziedog Fine thanks.Trying to play some music on Blip.fm but it keeps cutting out all the time. Most frustrating. Must be my broadband 
@trishussey I doubt it's css as the plugin doesn't do anything to that. Must be headers conflicting with something. Dunno what. 
@brenda_song Must be just you. Hahahaha it was cold where I live today. 
I am seriously addicted to National Geographic website.  Must sleep....5am wake-up tomorrow. 
Journalism class drained my happy and awake cells-- now am dead sleepy.. Must keep eyes wide open 
Must edit wedding photos. Pulling an all nighter. Double tomorrow.  no chalk art festival. :*(
@peichyi Seriously?? DArn it!! Must be Streamyx then! I would if it's my acct. Checking inward funds for co's acct. Boss chasing me 
Got to work on most evilous project  Must concentrate, do it as fast as possible and get rid of it at least for now.
Hmm. I've got cut copy &amp; paste but I don't know what to do it for. Must be useful for something 
@karlman01 I didn't do anything.   Must be a low pressure system or something.  It feels really weird and I want it to go away.  Grrr
@SquishR afraid not  Must save up for Dublin!
I dumped a bottle of stinky formula all down my legs and into my shoes. Must be over worked! Oh well I will just have wet socks &amp; shoes 
Unbelieveable, I haven't Twittered all day. Must be the novocaine and 1 hours dental drilling  Sympathy accepted.
@clarabela Oh bummer  I'm on a low fat &amp; sugar diet, so bread is ok. I ate cake last night though :o. Must exercise.
@JonathanRKnight *note to self* Must find a Habitat Store, but I don't think we have any around here. 
@sparklegem CUTE! Did you sneak into the @PRSACentralOhio luncheon today? Must have missed you. 
Must go to bed early!! Have to wake up at 7:50am 
Headache! Must be the unbearable heat! 
@abhiram Yeah, I had also pinged. But my net connection made sure that more than 20 minutes was not possible  Must fix it...
@KittBo I've only ever had it from frozen  Jamie O says it should be tender once simmered 20 minutes. Must try with fresh!
Failed medical again  Must get thinner.
I used the card last night to deposit a check in the ATM. I have the receipt. Must've left the card in the machine. 
@brianwelburn Thank you for that.  Must be this browser at work. 
Morning tweeters. Sad day today......it's home time. Must get up &amp; finish packing 
@rollabarnessa Yeah it's mine  Must just have been a mindless drunk as they didn't attempt to get into the car or take anything.
I dont do jet fighter impersonations anymore. Must've bn pretty miffed w/ life those days 
@Shortpacked Or crossing his arms, even. Must be tough being an mecha-styled Transformer 
@Swizzlesqueak Seems like everyone has something atm.    Must just be the sudden cold weather?  Poor kiddos!
That's enough.  Must go to BED.  Notice how I didn't say:  Go to SLEEP.  Sigh.  
Crap. I got a B.  Wanted Min B+. Must b them 7 mistakes.
Game awards 2009 Nominee, hell yea, and now back to c++   Must win first place !
Ugh been up for almost an hr now - it's early! Must wake up. Ohh and we are out of cereal  booo - must find donuts on the way to interview
Must I really choose between overnite stay in Rochester w/friends vs finishing story edits for a deadline? *sigh* 
Ok no more twitter for me today. I've snuck off with my phone long enough. Must put it up now 
Ready for bed.  Must be old.  
Well its not the p/s. Must be the mobo   And its raining 
Must go to Pets At Home today, or the ferrets will go hungry 
No cards, no kisses! Made myself 3 coffee's, drove my daughter to work! Now havin to make own toast? Must be a bloody big prezy later? 
Oh dear. Just wasted entire morning watching late friend on you tube. Must stop. Can't bring him back no matter how hard I try. So sad. 
Now I'm ok but Ruby's tummy hurts.  I tried to rub it for her but she didn't want me to. We're both so tired. Must sleep.
@JonathanRKnight Enjoy your day ! Must be kind of difficult for you  But I'm sure you'll get a lot of attention from your nieces/nephews!
Almost 3a.m. Must stop trying. Costing, oh costing. I give up on you 
@patrickboegel @TheRopolitans MRI = Must Resist Irrelevance. We can't give up yet!  Or can we? I'm kind of done, actually... 
It has officially been almost 2 months since my last trip to NYC.    More than 3-4 weeks feels incredibly wrong. Must fix ASAP.
Geocaching and Rome don't go together well. Must be all that marble. 300+ foot accuracy does not lend itself to find micros 
Slightly unexpectedly, I have to go into hospital tomorrow, for some tests. Must call Ollie and tell him I won't be looking at smocks. 
Must sleeeeeeeeep now please! Need work brain cogs to stop spinning 
@RealBillBailey I could use a Guinness now, and it's only natural for ironing boards to defend against intruders! Must've scared him. 
Must... finish... English... homework. But I don't want to! I have a Trig test to study for plus Health homework on the agenda! 
R curing the concrete. Must use chemical agent or water cure the concrete's surface. Otherwise surface dries &amp; loose durability  @LammyL
Oh man, loving TweetDeck at first glance. Must leave for work, though. 
@Jazzled4life Must've been. I'm clearly living in the wrong state/area/location, though. 
@lovemydox thanks for the suggestion! You and Kristen suggested the same thing. Must be good! 
I am loving this guitar.  Must go to sleep now.  My wife is being so supportive.  More recording to happen tomorrow 
@apolloschild Your cover of Must Be Dreaming is simply stunning. You're so talented - your voice is mesmerising. 
Jujubes sugar crash. Must sleep. Night, all - sweet dreams 
WHole family up and dressed before 9am on a SUNDAY! What's happening? Must be good weather and car boot sale time again... 
@Collette87 Must be a good omen then 
@Jennifalconer crikey, that soon?! Good luck when it comes! Must get up and watch 
Who start the flamewar? Another Must see on CH  http://tinyurl.com/c976s7 http://ff.im/2drr7
Must get my ass into gear today! Tweet later! 
A big thanks to @gert_railo for pointing me in the right direction. Must remember to use the Railo domain web admin  D'oh!
@eBeth welcome back! Must do some writing before any twittering. Glad you're back 
Namaste! Video shoot today! Must find the balance between &quot;shakin' one's money-maker&quot; and focusing on &quot;the breath&quot;. Coffee is integral. 
Not even 10 &amp; I am groggy silly. . Must be all the bruschetta I ODd on  LOL. Moaaaa Tweeters!
@drchriswolff where are you guys at? Oh no... she's droppin' it? Must be a good night but be careful !  Girl can dance, trouble!
Up early, anxious as all hell...  Must start OCD packing everything in the world for the first tri evar...  
@josianna Lol I can imagine! Must've been quite a sight!  Also read about the book(s) you're writing. They sound intriguing! x
Must go to bed. There's a flight leaving tomorrow for Lanzarote in the Canary Islands and it has my name on it. Three days of sun and fun 
says Bye muna! Must grab pictures from Barbie's night!  http://plurk.com/p/riaeb
Coffee in one hand, iron in the other ... Sundays are sooo good   Must stop tweeting before I burn a shirt!
@beezan Oddly, no thanks  I've lost my taste for Choc lately. Haven't had any in three weeks. Must be a record for me
Tadaaa!!! Must've been one hell of a lucky day  http://twitpic.com/4h7ck
@EternalEsme Hello darling. How are you after that party I keep hearing about? Must have been a lot of fun 
@lee634 Damn it! Must be Morrisons then 
@BruceOCz Thanks for the advice! Went to the doctor's and slept a lot yesterday  Must be the meds.
@siriuslyheather I love chocolate. Must be PMS 
This is the earliest I've been up for ages! Body is crying to go back to sleep... Must resist! A shower should do the trick 
@natsnapper haha. Booked my lie in last night. Just woke up. Must have needed it!! 
@nikhilnarayanan Had not noticed. Must be leading to some inventory tracking issues too, if the s/ws only support standard SKUs 
OMGosh I just saw Hattie wake up! Must be summer when your garden hedgehog comes out of hibernation 
@BlokesLib i look forward to that. if u ever write 5 Things a Misanthrope Must Do to be at Peace w Humanity i'm up for that as well 
@docbaty Cheers mate!   Must get coffee; how are things coming along for UX Australia http://www.uxaustralia.com.au?
Must to go. Come here again on 4 pm 
@greatAni  ya ya! Must Must to watch those cute Mas Mas! *Slurp 
Who wants to talk? Must have pic and be under 17. Be interesting  http://tinyurl.com/pb4a4a
@katiemiddleton Good morning! Must write that Media essay, instead just blogged  xxx
http://tinyurl.com/ozcerh - Posted a cakespam at my LJ! Must have me friended to view. 
Baby is kicking.  Must be bedtime. 
Video chatting with my brother for the first time. I feel like performing. Must resist breaking out into song &amp; dance, playing guitar. 
@LeoLaporte Would that be your pool? I didn't get my invite. Must be stuck in the mail office. 
Must admit, &quot;2 men kidnapped by rebel MILF group&quot; does sound a bit funny if you don't know any better. 
@akriozere Ability to control flight represents personal sense of power. So that's a good dream 
Must remember to put new skill on CV = Twitter, eat &amp; watch TV all at the same time. Potential employees -watch out - look sharp! 
Wish I could go to Open Video Conference http://openvideoconference.org/ lots and lots of interesting speakers! Must move to NYC!! 
Must confess that I fell out of love with running last month &amp; started having an affair with KFC. Feeling the love again today tho 
@welshcollector on XP I had no trouble with it, but on Win 7 it simply does not work. Must investigate further 
If U Must know... I'm having a Girl... 
Fave tweet of the day: @breakingnewz &quot;Spain's Franco 'had one testicle', new book claims.&quot; Must be a slow news day 
Must be absurd, out of my mind. But looking at Electromagnetics 
@jkeyes Cunt overload? Must remember that phrase 
Must sleep at least a few hours, up at 7.   Will be back to work tomorrow, 1p PST
You're their biggest fan, @jennysunphoto! Must get you commissions for it.  I trust you over @P1canornot &amp; @P1Media :p
Gosh I had a life before twitter LOL. Must go do some shopping. Tweet later. Enjoy your day whatever you're doing. 
@jayarehan Evil 3!! The zoo was fun, although the British weather wasn't so much fun! Must text you &amp; see how you're doing!  *hugs*
@celestemm lol, I know. When I saw who Anton was playing it made me laugh.  I still haven't rewatched 1-3! Must do that before I see #4.
@definethis  Thanks for the win! And for daily reminder none of us can claim plenary word knowledge  Must keep playing @definethis...
@Mennard Thank you, likewise. Must try harder 
Must make the most of this long bank-holiday weekend, I have excuse...Who's up for the Fair? 
@Victorio_M Must be, good thing this candidate was qualified 
It's Friday... 3 day weekend Yippy - 4 day weekend for me hooray!   Must resist Twit or fb... Must work, before play!  TGIF all
feels like having an impending &quot;Exploding Head Syndrome.&quot; Must rest and relieve self from dizziness. Good night! 
http://rosalarian.com/yume/ AWESOME lesbian comic. Must read. 
Must sleeppppp, but im still having dinner with my friends  sunday is THE day. huh
@joedecker *puts arms out in front of her in best zzombie mode* must. Have. Carrot. Tofu. Must. Die. 
