Most common words for this cluster:
[('my', 1330), ('day', 115), ('today', 111), ('hurts', 84), ('quot', 81), ('home', 79), ('mom', 76), ('night', 69), ('time', 68), ('na', 66), ('http', 65), ('phone', 52)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'My', 0.9998427033424377), (u'my', 0.7757253050804138), (u'Her', 0.7026739120483398), (u'His', 0.6896073818206787), (u'Your', 0.683221697807312), (u'Our', 0.6709349155426025), (u'Their', 0.5920660495758057), (u'\xe2_\u20ac_\u0153My', 0.5506972074508667), (u'your', 0.5417373776435852), (u'Whose', 0.5371909737586975)]





I am in pain. My back and sides hurt. Not to mention crying is made of fail. 
why to we, the only school in the world, be in this week.My school is silly  anyway... look on the bright side. When i'm off, u will be in
@Flawless326 Why did my baby have to eat 3 prunes today and now he finally went ! My poor baby 
Finds her mom rly annoying. I need to detox and do an H2O day. My skin is shitting. 
I accidentally put sugar in my food instead of salt, so now I'm eating sweet fried rice  My clumsiness astounds me sometimes!!
Finally wrapped.  My body has literally broken down this evening.  In bed, return of super fever 
@eBeth have installed the much talked about tweetdeck... My hubby does most of the geek stuff in our house so am a little bemused 
@coffeemaverick I have a brick... err... laptop that did the same thing.  My condolences.  
It's one thing to hear yourself sing. It's another to hear yourself read a passage from a book. My life is now changed forever. 
@kennyburns say something profound  I'm having a bad day. My college is trying to f me over. 
I believe I'm being attacked by allergies. I sneezed twice while outside this morning.  My nose got runny...and my eyes are itchy. 
@kirsty_lee My battery life is about two hours; if I'm doing internets or have 2+ programs open, it'll die even faster! 
@Rockers_Delight I have very nearly snapped my 3rd bass pedal. The cracks are beginning to appear. My red drum pad is cracked too 
I feel so swollen  waiting for the movers to show up and still clearing things up. My dad woke up upset at our progress. We slept 5 hours
My uncle and grandma were in a car crash. My uncle is going 2 jail 4 dui hit and run. 
@kissability alarm... hmm. They usually put the playlists up on rage's website at the end anyway, right? My TV's busted 
going to make dinner  to my mom and sisters.. My dad isn't home (again) another weekend without him 
@donotgiveup Yes I am.  My grandchildren (2 boys and 1 girl) are spending the weekend.  It's raining.  We're inside 
I need to clean my room at some point today  booo! My neighbor has tag sales every week,.. kinda weird
I drove through slush and snow and this sucky winter weather and found out there was no work. My boss didn't call to tell me 
Ever have a bike tire with 65 pounds of air pressure explode right next to your ear? My ear is still ringing. 
@danielle_willis haha yeahh we should go together. My poor little sick car 
I have had literally the best easter ever! My brother is going back to uni tomorrow which is not good at all .. I guess I will miss hom 
And I need someone to come give me a back massage. My neck and shoulder are still hurting and its starting to go down my back. 
The drive in the convertible was great! My freckles came out a bit   oh and my roses r blooming in the backyard!  http://twitpic.com/3k8m0
As another fyi, my blackberry has decided to make it difficult for the &quot;r&quot; key to work. My spelling is bad enough as it is, this makes it 
 we just drove all day. My neck hurts. . . Whats new people?
I nd a deeeeeeeep tissue massage when I get home!! My feet hurt soooo bad. 
@thekiddaytona All good! My aunt ran me around the world on the tourist tip. So I went home exhausted 
@AnnieD1 morning annie,u ok hun? My bberry crashd last nite so couldn't see any tweets. They're alive...wish I was there 
@ElleSergi My memory is taking a kicking today.  looked like a milk carton. Not the rhino, the er, thing
worst thing about nice weather: ALLERGIES! My eyes are killing me 
I've slept more than 14 hours last night... My flu's gettin' pretty serious obviously... 
Oh my, this is not good. My mom is back in bed after being up all of an hour and 15 minutes.   *tears welling up in eyes*
one should never watch a soccer match and cut your nails at the same time. My finger's bleeding 
http://twitpic.com/3lomy - My &quot;I'm writing an essay&quot; mess. Yes, i use my shoes as paper weights....don't judge 
@h2omask I'm just saying from a mans perspective I would do that. I would never think of it for myself. My bf is gonna hate my short hair 
@TheLadyJane I always wanted to be tall! My sister is like 5'8&quot;, and one of my brothers is 6'3&quot;, so I've always felt like a freak 
@roaritsallie yup... kill me. My life is no longer fair in anyway. 
I think I have bronchitis. I can't breathe very well and this keeps happening. I feel miserable. My chests hurts from gasping for air. 
Sickness is getting worse! My throat feels like it's closing in/tightening  definitely skipping chapel &amp; anatomy lecture
@stephenfry You're so brave! x My poor mum had a crown break at the front yesterday.  She won't open her mouth to speak to anyone 
Hot cocoa, meds, sleep. My bed's missing your presence, i miss almost falling asleep with you. I hope you're ok.  sigh.
@DelphaForce I got a taxi to pick it up!? Bageeezus. Hence going to the cash machine. My mac is misbehaving 
I woke up sick this morning! And bright red blood was in it! My vomit tore my esophagus. It's gross and hurts wen I breath. 
good morning... feel pretty good despite having 4 hour of sleep... My stomach Hurts 
@pavithri Aww thanks hun *hugs back*.Just another one of those days when mood swings really low, My bi polar kicking in at the wrong time 
I should go to bed but now that I've got my paper done, I just want to stay up all night. My brain is on vacation 
At the gym. I haven't been here in over a week. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow. 
http://twitpic.com/3pd3x - My dog  I hope he's at the shelter tomorrow.
@PinkyYum not yet. U will have it in the morn. My phone sucks with writing emails 
so it's almost 4am &amp; i'm still up doing homework for my freakin entrepreneurship &amp; applied management class. My hardest quarter yet 
My son has a mad stomach virus  I feel so bad for him. My poor baby.
just ate 3 slices of pizza and a huge bowl of cereal with 2 brownies crushed on it. My tummy don't feel to hot. 
@TimothyH2O My cell phone is my boyfriend!I lost my ipod charger,so I haven't been able to use that  But I use the mp3 player on my phone!
@gthgrl happy birthday! My total apologies for last night, had to write  do you have wheels yet?
oh man my brother is so devo that the blues lost! I wanted them to win. My team got thumped last night 
@tinyraisins There was a little bit of dancing. Lots of standing/walking. My feet hurt, but not too badly.  I almost bit it in a pothole 
@BBWPornAwards i am still figuring this whole thig out to be honest!  My cell provided won;t let me do stuff with phone 
Coming home today!! Yes! My eyes are glued together. 
Another hour of pain done. My heart has been in the wrong place for awhile. Another hour coming with pantera. I need this I have slacked 
@missmei ooh sounds pretty bloody fab though. My stupid landlord is coming at three though 
@bobbie_lou I've been working doubles since I got back. I don't know when my next day is off. My suitcase is still packed in the corner 
@ChristieB13 it's a great day for some chillaxin... My happy ass has to go to school and finish labs though 
20 mintues late for my meeting starting @ 8  how'd I know I was going 2 be late anyway. My family.... got 2 love them
@marmitemania damn! u must have alot!!... ive won nothing  My mum or dad havent won anything this month either.. 1 always usually does!
I had the urge to eat a banana. That's why I'm eating one right now, *chews* *swallows* My teeth hurt like crazy, and my gums... 
Really wishing I was in the midwest today. My lovelies are having fun concert weekend without me 
Why am I taking up more than 2 hours just to draw something simple like this!? My concentration level is so bad, man. 
http://twitpic.com/4ewtl - My shell ferrari collection.i have all but now waiting for the garage.damn all out of stock.  and also wait ...
Still panicking tbh. Why does my extreme dorkiness about this not surprise me? My demo sucks 
My pup passed tonight. We had to put her to sleep as she was suffering so much. My heart is broken but I know she's out of pain now. 
How come I'm not happy after a night like tonight? My buddys batchlor party, I'm the best man, and I'm not happy.  what is wrong with me?
@ChrisAxe I am home, just too lazy to get out of bed haha. My tooth is feeling a little better at the moment thanks, hurts more at night. 
@wee_em My head's messed up, it was what was in the Tweets that made the dream weird-ass 
@TiffLacey I'm so sorry to hear this Tiff  My condolences. My thoughts are with you 
@janeslee Yes keep them hungry then pour their food. My cat likes to bite you when shes hungry...worried one day she'll eat me 
@Lianhui Haha eh funny la you, let's just update your stuffs here. Don't forget to finish your coursework! My head pening already 
Missing church today.  My 6 yr old son has a fever. #flylady #lds
Walking to work at church. In the rain. My ride didn't show. Yay. I hate having a broken down car 
Just pulled a @MikeyWay and stuck a fork in the toaster. My poptart almost got stuck 
Just pulled a @MikeyWay and stuck a fork in the toaster. My poptart almost got stuck 
@StickFigureMan You're lucky it only has a taste for clothespins.  My walking void eats *anything* craft related. 
@danypepin Sounds cool. Sadly, won't be able to record anything. My laptop is busted, &amp; the old desktop I'm on has busted sound card. 
@sarah_friend My bike buzz is wearing off 
Nearly took my eye out on corner of box. Glasses were almost a goner. My eyelid is now protesting against the pain  I hate my klutziness
as pathetic as it sounds,ive never taken the trash out before. how the fuck do garbage men do this shit?! My maid isnt home damnitt 
Why can't people stop causing problems and get a life? Serioously, it's not that hard! My life is a mess 
I can't end my twitter experience with an @ tweet. Does this mean I have a problem? My therapist won't like this. 
Wow. My computer is really hurting my eyes right now. This is the first time I've been online all day! 
I'm simply here at the hotel room. Pretty bored. My best friend just left with her new boyfriend. I won't lie...being alone kinda sucks 
@SethBuzzard My high school english teacher never made me read it. Does this mean I'll never be ready? &lt; 
Aww man! My backup girlfriend broke my heart! 
My right upper-back is soooo sore. If I take a deep breath it hurts. My right shoulder and arm are sore too.   I need a back rub.
Ugh, this week is looking incredibly busy!! My work load for today is making me want to run away, screaming like a little school girl 
Just made some chammomile tea with honey and lemon. My throat hurts 
@JohannaBD it sure is! This is for ms 33's bday. Lol. My best friend who's been going thru a really hard time lately 
@AussieKatieKat but it's such a pretty getup! did you enjoy the #pawparty? My people were doing people stuff... 
The bed is so empty with my hubby gone  My poor baby needs to feel better!
good bank holiday morning and in typical fashion its peeing down! My throat aches too 
Its freaking cold in my room! My toes are gonna drop off 
Up and out an hour early today to go to school. My teacher asst. is out sick and I'll be going it alone so no prep to work on assessment. 
I feel so sick. Though I have chills, I'm burning up. My head feels like its on fire. Everything on my head hurts. Too painful to sleep. 
Who reckons I can wake up @ 545am to to to the gym??? My bro gives me no chance, I think I may have to agree 
@mrskutcher -the worst thing ever is when my kids get sick!My daughter passed away-heart/lung diseaseNo child should ever suffer 
I've been thinking of dying my hair either or black. My friends promise to revoke my dyeing privileges if I try it. 
 my grandmother decided to pick me up with my mom. My car reeks.
Waiting for this long ass work day to be over... My little boy is sick. 
@sahm411 We need to for the sake of the kids! My son's school music program are getting slashed, and now the principal too! 
Spending tomorrow alone! My mom lives so far away 
@jp198d oh lovely thats really nice! My sis got back from working abroad on tues, she is off on holiday today! 
I give up, I'm going to bed.. I wonder if someone'll carry me to my room... My legs hurts 
Its only 8:30pm but it feels like 10pm.. My baby just left my house so back to boredom again.. I really don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@Tommypoo I'm very tired at the moment, didn't sleep so well last night  My sister talks in her sleep, sooo annoying! ;)
@ndaustralia thats awesome! My stupid job &amp; its shitty pay  havent bought any L.A.M.B in almost a year!
Making breakfast!My mommy had work 2day. :-P I officially have a facebook but no friends. 
I have the hangover cold  just want bed and a pot noodle.   My legs are so sore from dancing like a stripper last nite 
is excited to spend some time with the most amazing mom in the world; my mom! My bestest will be here soon &amp; I cant wait! No golf though! 
good morning. My mommy has work on mothers day 
@ashleegaston today yes. but, not as much as i should have up until today.  i'll pass but yeah. My good studying thing has gone this week.
#wheniwerealad i played this game. My chosen topic was always trending topic number1 but no replies on my dragon 32! billy no mates  lol
@NHLBlackhawks Forget a contest, just give the tix to me. My cable went out and i missed gm4 &amp; had to go to a friend's to watch gm5. 
@crystalnilsson hahaha go after finals! My hols ending d, tmrw classes start. 
L ran over to her parents' house for a few minutes. My mom is 2,000 miles away  When L gets back we will probably continue to be lazy.
@Babybahamut Haha, no. My luck wasn't quite that bad, although our 2:00 lunch turned into a 5:30 dinner thanks to the stupid tire. 
A viral bug has rendered me temporarily unable to hear out of my left ear. My little girl seems to have the same bug too. 
Its true. ima fat ass. My favorite skinny jeans ripped. There's a hole where my ass and crotch meet. 
@SouthernBets Little-A. My life lacks excitement. She was sad I had to go to work today  We had cereal for dinner. *snicker*
@omgzttynjess I don't like my dad ethier. But I live with him. My mom moved away with my step dad and I hardly see her anymore 
No cookies. My annoying cousin called and cut off my conversation with nana.  she is so so so annoying.
worried about my baby  he got kicked out and got clorox sprayed in his eyes! wtf?? My eyes are gonna be red and puffy in the morning 
@politikitty nice !  My twitter porn name is crap. It's very masculine. 
@bsquared86 ever considered getting a reduction. My bestfriend has a lot of the same issues &amp; she's trying 2 get 1. Breaks my heart tho 
Just hit a pole with my car. My head really slammed the steering wheel. I have a massive headache and my neck hurts really badly. 
Playing guitar. Just took down all of my posters. My dorm looks like a jail cell now.  No color. 2 more days, and it's summertime.
@PreciousParcels so that took a whole day to sort out.  My right leg keeps giving way 
I miss my walk in closet, my big room, my own bathroom, my own garage spot... My old apartment... My old life 
@jesse_la she's upset that I came home and didn't clean. My head was pounding! I couldn't do anything like that! 
@xxsara Ahh I can't remember how to say &quot;My name is..&quot; in italiano.. oh my good! 
wonders how the hell people in freaking flip flops can scamper down a wet, rocky dirt trail. With luggage! My ninja skills are not L33T 
@ashlovessmosh you suck. I need to print homework. Is there ink in the printer? My throat hurts so I dont wanna yell 
Off to the doctor! I did something to my knee...bad part is I don't know how. My knee is the size of a volleyball and really hurts.  
@nick_carter My stomach was hurting too last night.   But I feel better now!  It probably is the tea, 'cause I had 4 cups of it yesterday.
Finally finished that puzzle. My tummy feels weird. Only had 4 hours of sleep. 
@josianna where the tendons join the heel is inflammed and bruised apparently. My own silly fault for trying 2 marathons in a month. 
@faffypants sorry to hear that  thats really horrible. My boyfriends situation is a little different. He wants nothing more than to be in
Uugghh vans with no socks was thw worse idea ever! My feet hurt and my heels agre bruised 
@JohnInGZ The bride was v calm &amp; radiant! It was a beautiful wedding. My aches &amp; pains are the usual occupational hazards. 
Today was a hot, hot, hot day.  My strength is drained...oh..*#@$ ...I must complete my psychology essay and then study for final. &gt;.&lt;
@Tyrese4ReaL But I don't want u to go to sleep on me...My man needs to stay awake! U cant ask to be my b/f then leave. 
@mszjoycii lol nice. My days has been ok. Just got home from the movies, now trying 2work out wat 2do now i hav no internet lol 
I am the birthday princess. My bday wish was to talk to @spencerpratt but didn't get through 
AHHH!!!!!! The computer shut off in the middle of a session!!!! My music is gone  not in da mood anymore...
@MarcusEaton My sister called me about a fledgling robin in her grass..I tho't of you and your bird. I'm sorry she didn't make it. 
I know how to jerk! I'm gonna jerk the night away. It's fun. My brother can't do it. He almost fell on his face. But he didn't, dang it 
Still here at school, in our temporary library tent thing. I'm sleepy, but it's too late to walk. My ride isn't leaving 'til 3 or 4 
@jadet6 haha i was cracking up. My mom just said that she thinks green day might be sold out cuz they went on sale this morning 
is dumb tite I can't fine my headscarf... I can't go to sleep w/out it! My hair is gonna look madd scruffy tomorrow 
gah! why did my internet have to eff up as soon as eurovision started so I couldn't join in with #twumpet  My fav... http://bit.ly/1JSvW
@SHAZOZ wish I was having your day. My lot are all deserting me today and it will be just me and a mountain of ironing! 
My mom just walked by my room... It's 4am. I must be missing something. My posters scare me 
Something has clearly got up my nose this morning!! Not good, need to stop sneezing! My patience is wearing very thin indeed... 
had a rough night. My baby fell out of my bed and whacked her head on my bureau!  She is ok today, aside from a small bruise on her cheek.
@pinkwater3 hahaha, I will steal one of your pairs, fo sho. My computer is dead, I'm using my dad's laptop. So uncool 
@rdelizo35 kinda grumpy! My hair looks awful today 
@aleeksandra118 @lothecongirl ahhh sorry guys! My sleep was more like a coma last night, nothing woke me up!  How was prom?
@vikusia The airport is a fun outing. My mum used to take us to there to watch the planes. I am stuck on my report too 
good morning tweeters.  I think i over did it yesterday.  My body is kicking my ass now 
.@FakerParis  and ya I got home at 1am and never made it to the second party  . My sister is going to kill me. LOL
This week always makes me sad. My babies leave for summer vacation. 
Flying home today. I miss the 80s weather. But I don't want to go yet!! My trip was waaay too short 
I learned the hard way last night that washing your hands after slicing jalapenos is NOT enough! My eye is still sore 
Carmz_mina: my mom just doesnt approve of anything i do. My parents hate me 
@TrudyG I'm sry. It's a very sad moment when that happens. My dog died in 2007, he was 15  But that's not gonna hapen 2 U dog, not now...
@peyton_scott ShamWows' dont work  My mom got one. I was dissappointed.
I just spent 8 hrs in the emergency room  My poor foot is fucked. I told the dr to fuck himself when he tried to give me crutches
Home getting ready for bed, but I'm not tired enough to sleep, even though I only got 3 hours of sleep before work. My ipod is dead 
is off work today with a throbbing headache. My whole head feels like its pulsating 
ok twittz...hunny boo's safe @ home in his bed...now I'm finna be hittin MY bed! My head hurts...pray fa me y'all!   Goodnite Twittland!
Ugh i woke up so late. My leg still hurts from that charlie horse saturday afternoon. Haha. I really want food, but im already late. 
Apologies for the bad spelling in my previous tweet   My fingers aren't working today!
Just two more days ;D My head hurts.   &amp; I'm so scared, because of tomorrow.
@mooseius we are the queens of one word tweets today! My day is dragging along 
@LiannaKnight I know!!!  My kiddos are going to go stir crazy!  And the hubs is out of the country for a few wks, I'm gonna lose my mind!
Just got home from work. My jacket is too warm!! 
Having serious bass issues. My line out is peaking no matter what volume. I love solid state amps, I swear to god. But they have problems 
Aww man!  i forgot.. My insta-mom is in vegas for the next 2 days..  so that means we have some stupid sub. :|
@jenash: Don't feel bad. My 6yo told me he feels guilty bc sometimes he wishes he had a different mom bc i yelled at him. 
Last day of school for seniors   Depressing! My best friends are LEAVING me!!
Ughhh...it's waaaay too early to be awake right now. I really don't wanna work today. My back is killing me  G'morning (I guess)tweeps
Backk at the dr. My poor little baby woke up with a pinkish eye. 
I'm gonna miss hearing about the boat. My escape from reality b/c right now my reality is sucking big time 
I'm desperate for a ragdoll kitten  My dog would make its life hell though!  xxxx
Everything isn't really in your hands. My pal is really going through his hard times I can't even accompany him 
@AlexFraiser Sucks, doesn't it?!  My old host would go down routinely at peak time...sooo annoying
@lexichow okay I'm on it, ima have to fuck wit it! Thanks! My slow ass 
@eileen5540 oh &amp; wasn't pink for long. My mum dragged me to Boots to buy dark red dye to cover it. 
3 things: my last 3 updates caused someone called &quot;My drunk Texts&quot; to follow me; I'm not drunk at all; my xbox is red ringing now 
wow. mercury in retrograde. effin sucks.. My mailbox stopped working for 4 days. 
@Rosipoo resetting deletes everything and tts not cool! the files are inside (cos I check thru My computer but itunes/ipod cant read it 
@DJGigiDred no really...I called the police. I got knocked dowwn in the fight. My knees hurt!  there goes my bday bash! Lol.
@thatkkbitch mine was very stupid but fun nevertheless. My mom hated it, though, she'd never want one again! 
just found that last fm is no longer free radio! My &quot;free trial has expired&quot;! shame 
Going to ride 2 horses. My friend can't ride her horse, cause she has breast cancer! 
Seven school days couldnt go faster. So tired, so done with being a stressed mess. My mind needs a damn vacation. 
@HannahZakari me too...  My neighbours are awful. They should get together with yours and have a noise party
With great power, comes greats responsibility. My name appearing on the office door was a bad omen, it seems 
@ilovemytroops OOPS that should have been an unhappy face!! My hubby interrupted me during the creation of my sad face..blame him!   LOL
@RibbonsofRed yay for new lease and wedding dress....so sorry about the funeral hun... My thoughts are with you guys 
I've said it before + I'll say it again: I totally hit the parent lottery. My dad is my best friend. My heart goes out to Mo today 
Some jerk in a truck cut me off this morning caused me to slam my brakes. My pretty cupcakes are not so pretty anymore 
@jessid33 yeah seriously! I got in the truck and was like, &quot;why in the world am I sore??!!&quot; My knees hurt too 
- well it finally happened. My body has revolted against 5 nights of good times. I guess that 4 is my limit in a 7 day span. 
 my sisters are heart broken and I can't even help cause I am too.. // My unfollow button is just ASKING to be hit..
@rokeyes My last day of summer school...for three of my classes. My info system class ends august 7  poo!
we have a new dog in my house, a boston terrier. My shih tzu is very afraid of this puppy. What am I to do? 
Ugh y do I feel sick to my stomache. My tummy hurts lot  I think something bad is gonna happen
This is the worst night ever. My cat got out, I've been looking for over an hour and no sign. I feel completely helpless   
Awww... My blow up mattress must have a leak... I fell asleep last night with it all blown up and woke up on the floor... 
I'm so tired and bored. I don't wanna write and nobody's online  My life sucks (?)
It's been over 24 hrs since I heard anything outta depressed friend. My heart is breaking and now I'm a lil worried 
@patrick_stump I am more than ready! My friend &amp; I were suppose 2 c yall n houston in april but it got cancelled 
called at 02:02 by the on call person as they couldn't fix an issue and been awake ever since . My alarm goes off in an hour. 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me! My mouth has never hurt so bad  This will be wisdom tooth #2.
@BillWixey My support goes out to you. My father died of hodgkin's. Get well soon 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me. My mouth has never hurt so bad!  This makes wisdom tooth #2.
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me  My mouth has never hurt so bad! This will make wisdom tooth #2.
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and I'm in so much pain   My mouth has never hurt so bad! This will make wisdom tooth #2.
Not in the mood for work. My arm hurts from shoulder presses! 
@AaL17 Aw, bummer! But at least you can re-watch it  My net disconnected 4 times  I got angry and swore 
back on muscle relaxers... oh the joys of playing hockey with a bum shoulder. My wing may have been clipped now...oh oh 
@MistaFuture I'm hella mad. My dad didn't wire the money like he said he was supposed to 
Just got back from the animal emergency room. My poor baby has colitis. He's on medication now, I hope he gets better 
I never knew how painful cutting a wisdom tooth could be. My entire mouth hurts and I have a killer headache! 
I never knew how painful cutting a wisdom tooth could be. My entire mouth hurts and I have a killer headache 
1:30 in the morning and still awake. My daughter is having a rough night with a stuffy nose 
I have crap to do, but I think I'll just go to bed. My sister, dad, brother and nephew are coming tomorrow! Which means cleaning, blegh. 
@lyn33 I'm still moving! My bed, some clothes, toiletries, Internets and cables &amp; some other stuff is in here. BUT no furniture yet... 
Decided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn I get from the curler! My hands covered  I suck at it!
I'm so unhappy being here. I hate it. It's affecting everything. My relationships with people, my personality, my attitude... 
I guess you didn't hear the grumbles when kindle came out with no cover. My purse +eink screen = shortcut to broken screen  @COOLERebook
@NerdAtCoolTable what's the name of the mixtape? My mixtape connect moved to texas so I gotta find a new guy 
I'm over @ringorang today.  3 wrong answers in a row.  My brain's not working today. 
@inlovewitharmy What timeeee? My mom says I have to do something daw tomorrow, eh. But we're never compelte! 
Allergies suck... My eyes r even mor red than they were b4.  I think I'll stay inside 2day
http://bit.ly/253ce  :: I got bit in the face by a doberman when I was four years old, I just wanted a kiss   My neighbor had about 13 ...
At home sick.. On a friday...studying is all im doing at this point.. My weekend is so ruined 
completely bummed.  I'm stuck in a ford focus for the weekend.  My car's in the shop.  
@War_Man im fully obsessed with their burritos enchilado style. My mom doesnt wanna go with me tho 
Not in a good mood.  My mama's away with my sis so can't talk to either of them and my boy can't see me this weekend as planned.  
Yay!! My computer came today. Too bad it's being held hostage at my parents' house until I can pick it up 
On the subject of frosty beer - My bloody fridge has conked and my beer is warm 
its friday &amp; every1 has plans but me..my mom is laser tagging w/ friends(haha)My brother is out..my sister and dad r working me-bf=alone 
@neoknits -- That's got to be hard. My parents have been apart most of their marriage  For 6 months this year t &amp;I will be 10K mi apart 
WOW. My teacher just called me a skunk cuz of my hair 
@3minds babe u aint been reading my tweets- my phone has fallen apart. My new on comes nxt wk. The track ball keeps fallin out my phone 
@LisaTayl My stay was great! BUT my mother gave me the cold/flu before I left and I still have a cough... 
YAY! My cousin is coming over. I am so stressed my big recital is tomorrow. I tried to practice it and cant remember it. 
Oh..I'm so borin'.. why not play the computer?? My mom's say: because your makin' task..!! 
@MarieC09 My right ear's been blocked up today  bit like when you've got water in it. Any idea's 2 clear it? don't like putting liquid in
tMeme&gt; My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If.. http://twitpic.com/67hac
Getting a pedicure. I love these. My massage did not include a leg/arm/foot massage today. 
Today was horrible. My sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day. 
I'm gonna cryyy!!! My car looked so good clean and its fuckin raining!?! I always do this...wash it right before it rains 
@HealthBeautyDr  btw ... my sister's all ready know this little fact.  My 2nd oldest sisters husband is a keeper, tho'.  Her, not so much 
Still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  My mom made things worse.  I don't even want her, but it's still odd 
I'm so glad my concert is still a week away...I'm getting so sick and I need the time to recover!! My lungs hurt so bad right now 
chick fil a for dinner. Hopefully I feel better. My head and eyes are killing me 
Finally a chance to show genuine love, not dependent selfish love, I hope I can do it. My heart goes out to you and I'm sorry 4 ur pain. 
A good thing tho, is that we have boobies to play with when ever we want.  My brain hurts, and I am starving.  We have no food 
I fell off my bike in front of a bunch of grad students. My ego hurts 
Today it was a busy day.  My husband is sick!
strawburry fez was a good time. i love my friends. this is truely the beginning mark of summer for us kids! yay! My neck has a kink! 
@carstoys I can't believe I'm going tobe out of town for this.  My son is going to be so disappointed no mood springs 
Talking With My girlfriend but have to go to bed  wish i could go to bed just a little bit later than usual tonight! 
@cwpeter how someone call themselves human  a child? My heart hurts knowing that i'm sitting at home a kid somewhere is getting hurt. 
@PrinceSammie strippers I wish I was there I haven't had a good time in a while .... My party days have died out !!!! 
@buzzbishop No direct experience w/a cracked iPhone screen. My guess tho? They're probably gonna make you buy a new one. 
 ok so I overreacted. My bad, I was in the wrong shit happens. Just wanna talk to you.
why do i hve a moon shaped cut!  My 1st real injury after wrkin in a restaurant 3 yrs (lol we dont count bread burns-those are ob brands)
Thanks all. My best friends mom died last December. My bf's sister is probably dying. They don't have a prog yet on the poor kid. 
@mileycyrus  that suxs.  My 11 year old said eat candy it's the best thing in the world when your .
it rained so hard again when I left the house then halfway to school the sun was up. My car's gonna look dirttttyyyyy 
I just had the most disgusting nose bleed ever. My hand smells like pennies 
@mandycp Me too! My dad brought one home recently and I'm pretty sure he's going to give it to my 14 year old brother 
@nicolemariebby hahha me too. My house don't have snack food tho 
@patriciaaro I have a similar symptom. My phone knockdown at least 30 times a day. 
Someone save me!!! The freakin dog won't stop farting!!! My poor room stinks 
Just woke up, still in my bed with my notebook. My lil cat is lost, can't find her anywere   
I couldn't sleep good last night and don't feel so great today.    My tummy hurts.  Off to go practice playing/singing for this funeral.
I have 15 mins. remaining on my laptop battery before it's bye bye until who knows when... My power adaptor is busted  Noooooooooooooooooo
I twinged my neck during an anxiety attack tonight. My knees hurt from dancing and I am bending with noises. I am an old lady 
@nicoletsang Truthfully, I feel like shit. My ears hurt because of my throat and it actually hurts to talk/listen to anyone 
Going to @matthewcoffill 's grad partay pretty soon. My tummy kind of hurts 
@kuhvet that's cool man. I am officially an xbox 360 fanboy. My ps3 has dust on it 
Aw man.. I don't feel good. My tummy hurts and my body feels weak 
No direct tv for me  curse trees and buildings! I'm cancelling stupid comcast too. @ My cribby crib http://loopt.us/9hdl8g.t
I did not get picked to compete.  &quot;My a gun in my mouth, pussy out&quot; na it's all good on our way to a-kon
Aaaahhh  Another birdie past away. My mom said that he was lonely without his soulmate but he was in a cage with like 25 other birds xD
Ah man, some critter ate the tomatoes plants that I grew from seeds  My guard dog is worthless.
My dad hates me, omg he hates that I use his creditcard for my shopping sprees. My stomach is in a knot..  
is having an allergic reaction to something.  My eye is swollen and my check is numb.  
@starrahlicious I can dig it. My head it much too big for short styles... plus my eyes r big... the combo is a noooo bueno 
@DaddyBird  . My incompetent boss gave me the wrong dates for work, and it turns out I work on the 1st not the 3rd 
@markhoppus I think the scalpers got to the tickets    My sister and I have been trying to get tickets since 10am
@dani_the1 My loveee. Not sure if I'm coming over yet cause its my aunt's 50th birthday party - 85 guests, catered, etc. I miss you!!! 
@josh_spencer My dad threw away the sticker on my mirror   apparently he did not find it as funny as we did...
I just want things to be back together already. I'm just...sad. My family is falling apart and I'm loosing the people closest to me. 
Just bought big boy rails for dom's bed. My baby is growing up. 
@heartandhome So sad... isn't it? My heart weeps when I see things like that, it's becoming the &quot;norm&quot; though. 
@SuFiSammy U got some good pics! My camera broked 5 min bfor the show strted!!! my cousin was siting abit far so his pics wasnt so good.. 
It's a sad day... My mom washed my favorite scarf and it got ruined. 
@debruyndesign Got a dance floor? My ribs almost don't hurt + I am in better shape then I was a week ago...just not as I was 4 years ago 
My mom didn't send me a card or gift in time for my birthday.   My dad did though!!  &lt;3 him!!
@SArmypez Yay number 60  I'm so confused about twitter! No clue what I'm doing! My pic is determined to stay as an anime smilie 
I slept from 4am until 7pm. I think I'm coming down with something. My throat is clogged and my ears are all gunked up 
I think my baby's sick  ....................... yeah. My dog.
@djtremble right? My mom is obsesseddddddd and I've heard enough of it every single day 
I recorded 10 songs n three days. My voice is :-/ so I'm on vocal rest  but yea the songs are bizzzzzomb! 
Its been very cold today. Nearly snowed at home. It did in other parts of town but not here. My girls were very disappointed 
Someone give me 50 dollars to get a new sidekick! My dad broke my screen on accident 
@Montelimart63 and what are you doing posting cuss words on my wall! My mom read it.... 
I sad I didn't get to go to the maker faire today. My plan to nap and then go got thwarted by neighbors building stairs next to my window 
has a rough time keeping up when there's so much going on... My mom stole my iron for my cuz's wedding and i needed it 2 finish her quilt 
 I couldn't eat my strawberry ice cream. My tummy hurts.
@mitchelmusso omg your music is so good but alot of your songs are sad . My mom wont let me get your album though 
@YankeeJosh I got coerced into singing last weekend at a party but I'm only up to about 2 1/2 octaves. My poor upper range.  (and thanks!)
Getting ready to watch some dvd's all by my lonesome... My boyfriend's sleepin (I think) 
@sherylpz nah , you're the bigger loser. and i've decided i dunch wanna dye anymore. My hair is freaking dry from dying !  bailer !
@brittdeezy LOL@neighorbornet man that unreliable shit, my signal stay goin out. My comcast won't be workin for 7days 
I am sooo not feelin going out 2 the next spot. My bed is calling me.... don't u hate when u didn't drive  some1 come give me a ride pls
Personal equipment failure  My maglight crapped out. On a night shift and everything
I need something that has good visibility in the window. My current camera is all dark and I have to guess where ppl r in dark settings 
EeeEEeeeep!! My preggo is in the hospital....I love you little twitter mama, lolz. I'll come home to you tmrw 
@mreatsmetal Gutted  wanna do anything toniht? My phone has died on me  bahh humbug. I like snails &lt;33xx
Just got home from the salon. My hair's back to dark brown... 
@Ethnicsupplies glad you liked the joyce grenfell. My fave is this one  http://is.gd/Kxur but it's not foun it's way into mp3 yet 
trying to finish 1 of my assignments today, it's very depressing. My other assignment will have to wait till tomorow after college. 
I got lost in a shopping centre today  My mother is so forgetful that she even forgets her own children!! (Nonoko)
The cold-bug hit me  My throat hurts like mad and my ears ache beyond belief *sob* show me the luv, I need some..!
Ugh i think that slice of everything pizza is catching up with me. My tummy hurts 
wired up on waffles, cake and coffee. now back to thesis writing. while it's sunny outside. My milky-white appearance in still intact. 
wired up on waffles, cake and coffee. now back to thesis writing. while it's sunny outside. My milky-white appearance is still intact. 
@jun6lee  oh 'm late, 'm sure nothing is left of it by now! My hard luck! 
I really can not stand up straight.My sun poison is real bad.How am I supposed to walk up the stairs at school?Or do gym class?This blows 
@o0kattiz0o saowy! My fault  hihi ..But we're gonna have lots and lots of movienights and days of chillin' in the park this summer, right?
@potentiate shit! I slept a ton yesterday bec of migraine. My meds flat knock me out for most of an entire day. 
i changed my desktop, in is now a butterfly on a flower. My previous one was a bunch of dark colors coming together in to a black hole!! 
@ravylesley aww it's nice that u think like that hun. My littleuns off on a school trip for a week tomorrow 
@erica_richard I was supposed to sing at a church. My boyfriend came to pick me up, and I answered the door in my pj's!! 
Damnit, I hope I'm not getting sick. My throats all sore and I feel like crap. 
Bout to go eat breakfast with the family! My tummy hurts though. 
At work  watching pizzas come out of the oven.... My eye is all puffy 
Lunch... I made a sweet salad. My ear really hurts still  I need a doctor's appointment desperately. http://tinyurl.com/okbzzd
&amp; pretending to not see me. My friend told me she guess he was embarrassed by the moment. I think he's dumb. But he's so hot &amp; sweet! 
I've had such a wonderful day today with some fabulous women and then time at the allotment. My poor hand are covered in blisters tho 
What to do with myself?   My wife is out of town.  It's tough to find things to do when your best friend is gone 
What finals are tomorrow? My internet is down  http://bit.ly/12cm8t
Ugh! Not again! My sister dropped my g1 in the pool. ahh... thats my 3rd phone,this month 
@FrickFrackGirl My favorite one were the sour cream and cheddar ones. But was made for a limited time. 
@AhhPhotography. My cooking skills are very limited.   good deli meat and pizza is what brings me there.
After 10am. Finally going to bed. My sleep schedule is nonexistent  http://tinyurl.com/ojbsfn
@sankofa1327 I want a kitty!!! And a puppy!!!! My parents won't let me though cause they say I won't clean up after it... 
@MissKatiePrice I read ur having quickie divorce  Is it true  pete come round! My sis use to bsit his cousins in croydon! V long ago! X
I still haven't eaten a substantial meal. My house mate isn't home yet. 
Ugh everything i can possibly try that doesn't cost money has failed. My laptop has forsaken me. I have no idea what to do next 
@supajulz omg!! you should see my face! My nose n head are proper bright red! And there's big gaps where I was wearing sunglasses!! Arghh 
Just got an ice cream cone. My smartest 3 dolar buy ever. Now it's gone  http://yfrog.com/5ejrwij
feels so poorly.  My throat is hurting worse than I've ever felt it and I ache like mad. 
Things I love (in order): 1. My wife 2. My cat 3. My girlfriend  Just kidding, but that sounded really funny! I don't even have a cat. 
We had a great time!!! Lunch and a movie.... My little girl is growing up wayyyy too fast!!! 
@brianarn Yes, it was pretty bad. My friend's parents actually ended up getting divorced over it. As for your cousin, all I can say is 
Man I feel like shit today. My voice keeps cracking and I feel like it's tryin to go out. 
So... BORED! My computer crashed, and i cant get on facebook, or myspace... So sad...  i hope my computer gets fixed soon...
Oh man.. My stomach is giving me a hard time right now.   :the-bends:_//
Walking around my empty apt  My very 1st place. I'm a bit sad now.. it's bittersweet.
Blargh. My stupid remote desktop still won't work no matter what crazy things I try. 
Nothing like doing chest compressions on a 524 lb patient to top off the work weekend. My back hurts 
@TwoSteppinAnt I don't like ab either. My effing hubby keeps changing the channel. The fire may come out of me soon!  wish him luck!
So tired and sick. My throat is killing me. How could I possibly be sick again. Just waiting at settlement and my other party is late 
My cousin crashed his motorcycle. I'm going to the hospital. My family is always in the hospital. 
I think i shut my finger in a door or something. My finger has been infected for a couple days, and now the infection's under my nail! 
I had a plan to start working out tomorrow but i'm feeling sick. My head hurts, joints ache, back pain, and I can't stop coughing. NO 
My poor baby kitty fell off the balcony yesterday : My poor baby kitty fell off the balcony yesterday 
Just came home from the movies. My stomache hurts, I think I ate to much popcorn! 
has no voice.  My workmates think its great cos the store is quiet now. But little do they know I've got a cordless phone with loudspeaker
Our cats apparantly catched a white rabbit,they have eaten it, and the remains are scattered through the house  My cats are murdermachines
My last tweet was not wanting to go to work. I didn't ask to be unable to get outta the bathroom! So ill! My tummy is in knots 
Dammit, recent experimental results not as good as hoped. My plans of zoo visiting squashed, day in front of terminal beckons 
@sniz When did you leave? So ragin getting the bus home last night. I wanted to stay!  My voice is fucked! 
At school for 5th grade son's grad ceremony and honor roll awards! My baby......   
@TheiPodKid oh man. My last day is in a week. 
Such a busy day, so exhausted. My arms are painful, but i have no idea 
home sick today. My first sick day in years  ahhhchoo!
@daddyclaxton I'd really like to get one but budget is kinda tight. My mom has wii fit at her place but lives hours away 
This is not a good way to start the week [http://bit.ly/m2WNf] My thoughts go out to all of these families 
It's gonna storm and I'm about to go to work.  My kitty is gonna be scared.   She hates storms.
@Cazeliah My nanny/maid is on a vacation  she sure picked the perfect time eh?
I think I pulled a muscle in my arm during my workout this morning. My arm hurts 
I'm feeling tomato-ish  I'm burned :'{  and it hurts a little bit. My back is completely red XD hahaha it looks silly
Allergies have been super mild all season until yesterday. My nose hurts. 
Finished reading My sister's keeper....it was 10 times sadder then i thought it was gonna be 
one of my brother-in-laws was shot.  rip. My parents are flying tonight to his funeral. I'm really sad.
Guess what twitter? My body ache came back. 
Oh no.... My fav pair of carhatts has a huge hole in the crotch seam...  a sad day indeed
this is lame. My lover broke his phone so now i cant text him all day  WahHAHaHa
@metroid0714 A tenant who lives at the house my dad is renting. My dad's out of the country and so he delegated me to do it 
Why do people leave objects in the middle of the floor juss waiting for me to trip over them? My knee hurts. 
@clarkey1992 http://www.justin.tv/g4tv_e3 My internet is going way too slow for this...  #xboxe3
@SiedVanRiel start producing in a tub filled with icecubes - like im doing here. My bath duck is freezing tho, and complaining 
@chayce Those are pretty groovy. But they're 2 door  My lil' divas would kick the seat something awful causing me major whiplash... daily.
How does one stop the anxious feelings when creating cover letters for job apps? My brain keeps going fuzzy every time I start a new one 
@aims_me2x My dad was telling me that on our way home earlier... 228 passengers? 
I have a big old, back in the day monitor that makes everything look small, monitor :S. My regular one is messed 
Hanging around the house today, because my little one's allergies are acting up.  My poor baby. 
rt @iChelz omg.I need a massage.times like this I realize I need a man...just times like this tho!. lOl. &lt;-- right.My back be killin me. 
http://twitpic.com/6fb3v - My right hand after an afternoon cleaning aquaculture tanks -- they look like burns! 
My head hurts. My throat hurts. I think im getting sick, perfect timing! 
My right hand at work is leaving for a much better job. My heart is slightly breaking into a thousand pieces. 
off to bed now. English in the morning, oh joy! My favourtie subject NOT!  night x
So far I am happy with all the #e3 stuff. My wallet is going to be hurting near the end of the year 
@JasonBradbury aaaargh!!!!...My sky hd box decided not to record the show tonight, and it's not on five on demand yet  Just my luck 
@ChrisReinhard oh shit. I don't keep up much with the news. It messes with my mood. That sucks. My jokes are inappropriate and not funny. 
i can't believe my sister turns 13 today... I am sad  My little girlie is growing up 
it's so sad hear about this big plane tragedy..  My prayers and thoughts for the family and victims of flight 447!
@Casalie77 My dad is rearranging furniture or something.  I came downstairs with every intention of throwing myself face-first on it.  
@renickulousfeet I feel ya. My wish list is much greater than my bank account. 
@eysofcarolnablu I love you like a fat kid loves cake, too. My mom threw away all the congratulations cake. No more cake for me 
OK so what do you guys think, My b/f has been finding a new reason every other night to stay out,....now he is not answering my calls,   
I love my son, but he slightly sucks right now. She taking his lucky ass to the game. My baby's been to 4 games already. It hurts 
Heading home to eat. My poor boyfriend is in too much pain 
Oh no. My cat's going haywire. She just scratched mom's leg. Now the leg's bleeding, a lot of blood  - http://tweet.sg
You actually have the power to make me feel scared in my own fucking house. I hate you, dumb fucking bastard. My mommy needs to come home 
I'm convinced that tap water is giving me chemical burns. My face hurts soooo bad. 
I really enjoyed getting tucked in last night by my snuggle muffin, I need it again. My right nostril is clogged and my throat hurts 
@kbarbaretta oh damn    My night time ritual is gonna have to be replaced for now... Thanks for letting me know!
@ravenalexis is your ringer on silence? My blackberry is an ass and not giving me text messages today 
@douginhonolulu Serves me right for going into the store, grab something my size w/o trying it on. My lazy shortcut backfired 
@SCIZZORWIZARD I agree with u man. Its very sad. My prayers go out to the victims of the airplane disaster 
I hate eatting sometimes! My head hurts and my stomache hurts! It might be from cookies idk.... 
So uh, setting up my phone to know me again  My old phone knew my typing so well... time to retrain, haha.
I painfully miss @sirgrant618  My string of crazy life events begins tomorrow.
I think I need to go on a serious detox. My body feels like shit due to me loading it with end-of-semester comfort food 
In love... My day was okay but I'm so obsessed with a guy that I can't have... sigh 
did ALL our work in one day and now im paying for it with one hellofa headache  My man went to get McDonalds for dinner so i dont cook xxo
planned to sleep til noon today,instead i'm up at 9. My body no longer accepts sleep 
@DataGoddess I can't stand anything hot at the moment - drank some ice water and did a salt water gargle.  My ears are plugged, too.  
Sitting in the library&amp;outside the weather is sooo nice.  The only positiv aspect is that I have to learn family-law.My favourite course.
is saddened by the tragedy on Bellisland yesterday(my hometown) 2 young men died...My thoughts and prayers are with the families 
On my way 2 work ugggh. My chest hurts already 
Why is my nose still running?! Where does this all come from??  And the sneezing! My customers will think I have swine flu tomorrow. :/
@ahj Is it the real fake jo, or the fake real jo...? My brain hurts  lol x
Too many Koreans in the dorm. My last pot-luck party in the dorm 
@DJPAULETTE My prayers to those people they have lost their lives in that horrible plane crash.  
The shoe is now on the other foot. My poor husband - I accidentally gave him my germs. 
@McCartneyLauren all my work days have been that long lately. My days off involve sleeping all day just so I can recover from the week. 
Ah some old friends are back in the 'shire for one night only so I'm going out tonight. My plan to do work thwarted again 
@LoraDeeds They are impressive, though my kiddos are not happy 'bout them. My poor 5 year old fell asleep with his blanket over his head. 
@riweasel awww r.i.p. lil buddy. I remember when my  hamster died. My first pet. That's when I got the &quot;things die&quot; talk. I was so sad 
I am sooo anxious!!!  My cat is getting his teeth cleaned at the vet's office and the thought of him being sedated really puts me on edge 
well, after 3 hours of changing stuff NOW it's finally done, so I'll make a video of new (improved?) orion. My neck hurts like hell 
@jmellc I feel alot better today. I still got cold in me but at least my body isn't aching like yesterday. My youngest is sick now 
I have spent the last hour watching the whitest kids you know. My life is a little sad right now 
I left my primary water bottle at a friends house over the weekend. My back up is a much wider mouth and I keep spilling water on myself 
So appaerntly if you use the microwave and the toaster oven at the same time at my house, you blow a fuse ?!!  My leftovers are luke warm 
@wadeborges Me 'cept for two things: 1) I don't play tennis. 2) My wrist on my right hand is busted. 
@FatDaddySweets Such a shame...  My hubby's grandparents home had extensive damage and their neighbors home destroyed..   scary.
@ the mall... its raining outside and I parked hella far. My hair 
I wish I was siting in here yesterday n the day b4 I was melting in this Hawaiian heat  My poor brain was trippin http://myloc.me/2ozR
@QueenRanda lol I no... My daughter father is on his way 2 bring me my key  but hey at least its nice out
@compmouse yeah its awesome!  My laptop finally died (  ) so this is a good living room replacement.
At the grocery store. My mom won't let me ride in the cart 
@gabsterr23 oh man!!!  how come?! My average is a 95
A twitter bot hit me for using the word c*uddle in a tweet. My list of bot-safe twitter vocab is fast diminishing. 
I wish there was something to do besides this. My room consists of a bed and a dresser.  im gonna go.
@BaileyBoo93 this weekend? My friend took her webcam back D: lol. But I'll try this weekend i miss you 
Man I never read books anymore  I read a SHITLOAD when I was younger though. My ass stayed in da library &lt;3
What do you do when someone you love disappoints you? My brother is throwing away an opportunity I KNOW he'll regret. 
@AmberClare Evntually hair ws dwn midle of bck.My granny sd I look like girl.While sleep she took scissors cut, put n sndwch bag by bed! 
I am PISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSED!!! My fridge was open all night and now I has no milk for my brekkie 
Sorting old baby clothes to hand down... My baby is growing up 
I can't sleep and im still stressed out. My pay check this week is gonna be like 14 bucks 
@EdRoberts catching up on tweets, just saw yours from earlier today. My condolences on the loss of your grandfather 
On the train for school. On my larry. My teeth hurt. 
Just bit my other slaves leg, she didn't stand a chance! No... She's getting the squirt bottle... Not again... My beautiful fur 
@lesley007 there's no room for spray stuff. My nostrils are choc full of snot and pollen and evil  xx
@CabinetSupply I tend to want to buy at the weekend, when I have time to do that sort of thing. My local supplier isn't open at weekends. 
is just getting startet and wonders where to find the next physician. My ear is kinda closed up   Tooo much swimming on monday
I had 14hours of sleep last night. Thats how tired I am. My legs hurt so much after walking so much yesterday 
@tenbears I hope my love &amp;prayers will help ease all this pain.My coworker talked about losin her mom in days after leukemia hit her mom 
can't stand this whole sweating simply because I'm doing nothing thing. My window screen is torn 
About to embark on another lonely night @ casa de mindee. My roomie has a new love interest so no cuddling for me 
all of a sudden im craving an egg mcmuffin and a large coffee! My 9 year old sleeps for another couple of hours... 
On the way to the airport... My girls are off for the summer...so sad  I can't do the leaving part of being a mom(((
Still got sand in my hair after showering twice. That's one thing I hate about lakes. And I gtg to the vet in a moment. My Finja is ill 
@DamianGrounds Will do! My husband's a photographer, I'll get him to take some bumble bee shots! (lots in the garden but no real big ones 
is not feeling well. My nose is so clogged, everything I blurt out sounds like a snort. :@) oinkoink. 
up again, it was a long weekend.  My lil sister got married. I spent 2 days resting now I'm wide awake 
@tylerreardon i cant.  its a 2 hour drive. U should do a show in newburyport! My friend made $200 just playing on the boardwalk 1 time.
@ness_sp oh daymn dont u just hate that?! My awesomeness (like me. Lol) ones died-they had epic bass  now im stuck with shitty ipod ones.
Just back from a 2hr visit to the dentist, rootcanal + other stuff. My entire mouth feels numb now 
It's austin's last day of kindergarten! My baby is growing up 
Another busy day, running around. My feet hurt 
@EktorOni My internet sucks! I'm loosing all that real time E3 info! 
Morning.. On my way to school then hospital.. My bff is having surgery.. 
My wedding shoes came today and I got so excited until I opened the box and saw two pairs of shoes I did not order.  My heart sank.  
Clouds look crazy out today! My poor 14 yr old chihuahua is panting so hard from the thunder. 
@SmooVeShaBazz I have that for my phone.... My lil ball on my phone wont go down 
&quot;They're gonna make a movie about you..the broke &amp; homeless law student wears gucci&quot;~My momma 
@SRoadley bless... poor lad   My sister used to swaddle her little ones to prevent flailing arms getting in the way, might be worth a go??
@tarynromanowich oh... I'm sorry. My retweeting is meant to inspire, not make someone live a not so good memory   Can I make it up to you
A sad day today.  My niece's grocery went bankrupt, today is the last day. I hope she will get a job.
@MrAshDarksideTM My mom sent in the form and crap. But she works so....no ride 
@LindseyVarney had a hankering after reading your tweet so had to go &amp; grab myself a plain sugar donut! My bad! 
@b_club. Its friday and still no shirt!  My concert is on sunday and I won't have my shirt to wear 
@sexyolivia That's nuts  My friend's dad says it's a ghost town at his construction site. They even sent senior welders and stuff home. 
Oh no! My second joes crab shack dream of the summer!! 
just found a hole in my shirt.  That's the 3rd one this week!  My small wardrobe keeps shrinking 
http://twitpic.com/6om4c - My laptop screen today. The perils of drinking and leaving computers in places 
@ShannonMorgan hahaha! I'm laughing with you, not at you. My hair is looking poodleish today too. The weather is ruining my life lately. 
 none of the girls I know at Halmark are working. My poor lunch will be warm by the time I eat it, its gonna be warm 
Home now...phone died. My mom and I are stuck looking for a summer dress. Sizes are too big! I had to look in the kids section  It failed.
What's the point of having pace in football when as soon as you go past someone they push you into a fence? My arm hurts. 
This sucks.  I am at my hot-mess-to-the-max level.  @aphalloides, I promise I am not white trash.  My apartment just sorta looks like it. 
@alltimelolo: it all went downhill from there. My brother fought with my mom tooth and nail. Then it all rubbed off me and i flipped. 
http://twitpic.com/6p5ke - My poor sick baby  #fb
ouch ouch ouch. github fail. My bucketwise repo is gone. I have my local clone, but github isn't letting me push to it.  help?
@AriSin I know. We can hang out tomorrow, I promise. My parents just planned a barbeque thing, and they won't drive me anywhere. 
Just saw dutches at the damn cvs. My stupid ass has been going to planet k every time 
Y can't I enjoy 2 B a teenager? My bro is younger than me and they let him do what he wants, I guess there is a &quot;favorite.&quot; 
@suzanne_young I'm so sorry   My golden (12 yrs) is a seizure dog too.  It's so scary.
@Foomin231 oh speaking of cookies.... My birthday is tomorrow and u dont have my address 
What a rough week. My honey had it even harder...and we both work this wknd 
i got a shocking news in early morning. My beby got heart atack.. 
I wish I could audition for American idol. But there is no way that I can get to the audition. My dreams are slowly fading away 
My 02 cost way too much to fix  My credit card bill is sky high again  It never ends
Out to dinner with mom n dad. My dad tried to order me a glass of wine, but lady carded me  hahaahha
On my way to senior party. I think I ate too much.  My dad is driving like a maniac.
@richardtsang I was outside on the field of grass. My sis was dragging me around to take pictures of her and every bloody classmate! 
I might have 2 switch my blackberry 4 a new phone. My tracker ball keeps sticking &amp; its getting annoying 
@DukeStJournal @abba_ks My husband is old school: if you can't carry your clubs 18 holes, get off the course. He hates carts. 
@pam_franco: lol the only downside is mosquitoes.   My legs look like the proactive miracle's face *before!* T.T
I need to start working out more or something. I did some gay-rave dancing last night. My body sore and i didn't eat very well today. 
@EugeneSt I know! My sleep schedule was all out of wack last night. Not cool! AND then I worked 12 hours today  wtf is that! How r u?
I just realised I'm not really the writing type (kinda). My brother was a journalist and sis is gonna write a book.. wth what about me?! 
@sahmed93 happy birthday!!! My voicemail message is incomplete bcz my tupid service hung up 
@delamarRX931 hey sorry. I didn't have time to stop by. My trip wasn't planned at all. 'Twas a 911 
@DjEaseback The same &amp; weird dreams that are coming real!AARGH!!My ex(scorpio boy) buried his lil girl  last week which was an awful day 
@blindcripple tequila hangover eh? My sympathies.  it makes me puke the next day usually. uck.
I'm sick  I was supposed to go out with the family today, havent done that in forever and now i'm stuck in bed. My life sucks!
good thoughts and feelings about my birthday have gone away. My sister wont stop going on about her car. my mum is in a piss. its raining 
24hr comic page 4 http://twitpic.com/6qnai  and half of page 5  http://twitpic.com/6qng4 . My hand is sooo sore. cant do anymore tonight 
&lt;--- crazy duck lady just went to walgreens to get film developed.  My duck eggs are gone.    no shells nothing.
&lt;sniff&gt; where does the time go?  My youngest is graduating tonite   all you dads out there enjoy the time with the kids before you know it
@dibbiedibbie ugh sorry to hear that dude  My weekend is a quarrantined write-off.
Just had dinner . My mum burnt the pizza 
Just now waking up. My phone died last night  party time again tonight sheesh! I don't think I can handle it lol
@kaylaoh oh dear  im sorry boo. My dad didthat last night too 
I feel bad.  My wife wanted to go shopping tomorrow and I said I7d stay home alone because I wanted to rest...so she cancelled.  
It's normal cause she wants to celebrate her birthday with her besties. My heart now feels so sorry about what happened to her 
my brother has 2 games! My mom's at work but she said I can miss the first one, But I have to go to the other one 
My date just canceled for tonight. My birthday party and I'll be the only single one there. That sucks 
Aww. My friend got an infected mosquito bite and had surgery and now he'll be in the hospital for a while.  Mosquitoes = scary shit.
@ChrisWUHU oops sorry...did it twice. My twitter app is messing up 
@mommydada I'll start hunting a job on monday tita.. My visa is still on process.. 
@jlaubaugh The swine flu is still on the go! My younger brothers nursary has been closed as some of the kids have caught it  xx
They're 12 and gonna be 15.. Where in da world does da time go? My niece too.. She was just a butterball ystrdy n ma nephew 4mos already 
Ouch! My Travian capital was attacked this morning and I lost nearly all my troops. My fault for sleeping. 
needs support for his back on this damn bed. My spine is gonna end up in a weird shape. 
@Pinkis4gangstas its gangster, like pink. But I'm not even getting it lol went with franco to get his tho. My upgrade not till sept. 
Haha!  I am having a blast at the ool all by my lonesome!  My other two mermaid friends left me out here...alone and thirsty.  
How long does everyone usually spend on the computer?? My mom is telling me I spend way to much time on the computer 
@SteveHealy I don't even have transport do to that! My car is having some work done  I wouldn't go 2d cinema alone anyway-screams WEIRDO!
@ArunGeoJohn you still get last.fm ? My account expired last month or something  #lastfm #love
Twitterfon hates me... My limit has been exceted ... Whatever that means... 
just had a car accident!   My car is 1,5 years old and its my 3rd one. (and the first 2 were real bad but not my fault at all.. )  
@liamlager i don't have my 360 tonight. My brother is borrowing it for one of his 'overnight party things'..so not tonight i'm afraid. 
I can't believe that I have lost yet another pair of sunglasses!  I always lose my sunglasses this is ridiculous  My day is horrible!
@lala022 I wont be at the game.    My daughter is playing a dbl hdr for championship!  I'm bummed abot the game but wouldn't miss my  ...
@innuendogirl I know. I never have anything to do, so I create arguments over nothing. My life sucks. 
@icklesal  mmm I may be the same...but it's worth a go. My bro always made the planes etc wen we were little but would never let me help! 
6 miles @ 9 min pace. Not bad, but would like to run faster. My 3 1/2 year vacation from running left me older, fatter, and out of shape. 
@paraparasailing oh no! I spent 100 at visible changes! My haircut took like 10 minutes! They sucked me into buying hair products oh Fml 
Its quarter to 7 and I wanna go to bed... My life is kinda sad... 
On my way home. I got a free mocha at petes. My grandparents are coming over for dinner. My gma got a perm lol. Grandpa still really sick 
I'm home, and I feel like crap. My stomach's been hurting all day. 
I knew I was going to get hit with a ball at some point today  My neck hurts now.
@BunniesNBuggies The one I want right now I can't afford   My kids think stuff like vacation, electricity and breakfast are more important
lovin' life!!  My hubby goes back to work tomorrow and will be back Wed.  
I'm pretending to be a drunk fan at this game I'm watching. My brother asked for another seat. 
@Jonasbrothers lolll.  My bestie and I wanted u guys 2 know..We use 2 comment u guys all the time with funny stuff..We never got replys 
 i havent actually seen my bestfriend in maybe a month... My fault, i been so busy... And i miss her!
@BOREDmommy It's so depressing. My husband insisted on taking out all of our college albums too. 15 years takes a toll on you. 
We're doing personality tests on the G today. My boyfriend is an ESFJ. My friend is an INTP. I, however, seem to defy classification 
@justin_pitts My dream didnt come true tonight  better luck next time i guess!
Emily put her purse on my cookie.  My fortune cookie was in crumbs.
@moirgirl dah, they aren't on mine either. My twitpic isn't working so I tried sending it to the thing it says to from the site. Wtf?! 
Listening to death metal and being hungover. Another farewell today. My poor liver  Who has tumblr? anyone? http://gigz666.tumblr.com
@JupitaUpcycled  I cannot imagine. There can be nothing worse than outliving a child. My thoughts with u....
@peterfacinelli I think that's wonderful. My dad has always been a very busy guy so we never had father/daughter time until I was like 20 
Trying to come up with words to describe today are not possible. Lets just leave it at -it wasn't good.  My boys are wonderful though 
So hard to go back to sleep when the gum in your mouth has induced aches in your head. My addiction don caught up with me 
Just got back from fishing. I didnt catch anything. My dad caught a 1/2 pound catfish. Pretty sad.  It was really windy &amp; tough to fish.
Man I left bfd half way thru crystal castles set. My ride was leaving  shit was sick! They're insane!!
Having afro hair &amp; a skinny face is a curse. My head looks like it's being swallowed 
@PrimaDiego My parentz picked the wrong place to birth me lol  I wish I was therr' I just signed my lease to live herr'1mo yr 
http://twitpic.com/6tc2w - My friends &amp; I.. moments before we all got busted for having a camera at school 
I feel ill. My nephews have a virus or something and it's working its way around the house; my number has been called. 
@SaintLellis My bff can't come to my 11h birhday party along win everyone else 
So frustrated w my skin rt now.  My face actually hurts. I'm peeling, yet oily &amp; super broken out. And I take pretty good care of my skin 
@TamzyTheWeresol My internet grind to a halt whenever I try to upload something. My speeds are terrible 
Just had my first shave for a week and a half. This means two things. a) My face feels weird, and b) I have to go back to work tomorrow 
today is a very sad day. My trusty blue Skechers may have to be retired for they are leaking *sobs* I have lived in them for 7 years! 
@cait hey wow! You are! And just in time for my temperary exit. My ipod of 4 or so years took a terminal turn yesterday  #DeathInTheFamily
Here's a small note i wrote to my santu.. My car that was sold last week  http://bit.ly/ECKiY
Hahahaa apparently I fell asleep about 15 minutes and it felt like hours to me. My neck hurts! I shud have took a pillow before I slept 
I cried with dinara last night  you guys thanks for watching showbiz central I look forward to your tweets! My Fulhaus baby is so cute
@shablack ha! I guess it will be in here forever then!  check ur bbm... My psychic prediction sooo came true!!
@rachelk94 I totally agree. My day has gone into learning theorems ans maths formulas....... 
@megaman51 That's good. My throat hurts and my voice got worse. 
Failure. *sobs* My mom is against buying stuff online. 
@ivypayne How R ur shins doing?  My knee is bugging me a lot  Going to have to take it a lil easy but still running today.
@amandahasbeen No, not going today. My parents' next-door neighbor (since 1972) passed away this week and his funeral is today at 3. 
I had a mini-meltdown at work today, burst into tears in front of my manager. My uncle's injury has hit me harder than I realised...pfft 
@nukirk Just woke up...got your voicemail from last night. My phone didn't even ring  I was still up when you called...
@addeyrene The kite scene kills me  That, and the library scene. My 19 year old brother cried while watching it :|
reading some of the notes people wrote in my yearbook. My last name is misspelled six times 
Really sad mood now... My dad heard that song in those days and he passed away in the same year. 
Oh my god. My life is in boxes and my house is in shambles. I don't even have my puppy here 
@xoAlexHeartsxo I love da whole damn album lol..My sister's saw her last week tuesday...they didn't take me  caught up 2 eastenders 2day!
If I ever have kids, I swear I'm gonna start them in track &amp; field when they're 5. My mom had me in bball, vball, soccer, tennis, etc 
staring out my window at the sunny day. My mom is sick again 
I am at a furniture mall in hickory sitting in a recliner chair and can't move! My parents made me come to get out of the house  I'm o ...
@ChairmanGoa It broke apart.  I didn't have time to snap a picture. My baby died. 120th eh? *looks out her window*
O my god im so hungry... My stomache is twisting and turning worst than manta and kracken combined 
One of these days... I'm gonna find a motorcycle. I got so close... My dad made an offer and then we never got a response. 
@sexykristenxoxo sounds fun. My car just got stolen this morning.  from my own parking space
@ddlovato please could u help me?  My mother ruined her life because I didn't liked the guy she was dating, What should I do now? 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/6uv4f - hahaha that's so awesome! wish I coulda made it. My mom didn't want to drive an hour. 
ANNOUNCEMENT: I cannot receive phone calls or texts. &quot;My phone are suck.&quot; I am pretty much off the grid. And very sad  you can email me?
I am sure I won't be able to fall asleep tonight because of this coughing. My throat hurts so badly! 
I hate bathing suit shopping. My twins on my upper body don't fit into anything  lol
XDILLIGAFX13X: My car wont start, this sucks i dont have the money to get it fixed 
I hate being allergic to cats. My brother has the cutest little kitty, but I'm now extremely miserable. My Claritin-D didnt even help. 
Third night in a row I can't sleep  My entire body hurts.
@ExtraordMommy My 13 yo hurt my 4 yo because he's jealous of her (pushed her down) and can't accept change.  
I need a new phone. My ok button is broken and i cant really text people back 
http://twitpic.com/6vrq5 - My dad's dog is still in the cone of shame 
Wow, what a day. 2&quot; round hail, funnel clouds and tornadoes. My little piece of heaven, Southlands, got hammered. 
My allergies have been *killing* me all weekend. My head feels fit to explode. This is why I have a love-hate relationship with summer. 
Ah! My dogs were loose inside my house for a good hr or two!  my rm is a mess!
My dad texted my mom saing &quot;it's a full moon!&quot; My mom texts back asking &quot;oh are you keeping rj outside the house?&quot; Hahahhah 
I hate being awake at this time. My poor legs are hurting, too. 
http://twitpic.com/7g641 - My puppy max. But he isnt a puppy anym0re. 
I got caught givin a dude my blackberry to put his #. My life is over.  goodnite!
ill, ill, ill...  That's nearly a week now.  My own stupid fault for burning the candle at both ends, am not as young as I used to be! 
Fucking shit. I'm inabled to have kids. Hollly fucking shit. My vagina bone hurts. 
bed finally! My baby had the best birthday! can't believe he's 3 already! where does the time go?!   good day... now good night xo
Oops! This twitter crap is so bleh. My goodness!!  twitter users, i'm so confused.
I am thinking the lord that this dreadful night is over..  I have had a terrible wkend... My tummy hates me! 
one bad thing came out of my weekend in belgium. My fingers got slammed in the door and I can only use my left hand for things 
Ahhh I just got a very short hair cut! My hair has neva been short before  But it looks ok i guess..
Morning :/ nt doing so good today, not had nuff sleep. My mte got beat up randomly by 6 guys coming off the tube in london last nite... 
It rained today... I left my window open... My computer sits under my window... I'm on my way home to check out the damage... 
So tonight was alot of fun, good to chill with all my friends, before this next week starts and vocals are recorded  My throats gonna die!
buttoning up everything before I fly off. My youngest son is with me today, he doesn't feel well 
Another day of school and tuition class.My life is pathetic.    On the other hand, 5 more tweet to my 100th tweet!!   
R.I.p My One-nd-Only Pendrive  how could you left me without notice me
@arctic_penguin I'm not having fun  My other teammember is half an hour late so I'm working on a research on my own.
Eating salad and quorn chicken. My mom loves plying me with fake meat 
K, so the wings didn't make it,   There's always next year.  My honey's first day back at college, I'm with a college boy, nice!
there is no point in going home sick today since i have to babysit after school anyways. Ugh. My throat hurts. 
OK, now it's not awesome anymore. My forehead is really burning...skin+acid= 
Balls to the wall. My stomach hurts. I dont like today already. 
Not a good way to start my day.... My favorite aviators just broke! 
@EsmaaSelf  You live in an area of the country that I love to death. My wife and I try to get there every year, not this year though 
A crack of thunder @3am scared me so bad i thought it was a war attack. My heart was racing. It just did not sound right 
Meeting my parents shortly. I'm nervous. My apt. is a wreck because I just got back from being gone four days &amp; they've never seen it. 
no way! My tooth hurts  But I have braceees! If my tooth decayed or it's decaying, then my whole life is ruined!!
lost my leopard gecko. somehow is crawled out of it's cage. I can't find it and I ready to cry. My morning just isn't going well. 
Feels SO lost! My life line is gone for a couple of days 
@MaykunMilla I'll arrive at 11.30 kay? My mom's really angry at hai... she thinks it's his own fault. they have taken his pc with them 
My dad and brother are taking the piss out of my sunburn. It's not even funny. My face hurts so much, from it. 
home from dentist. My face is numb, but I still have pain  Dosed myself with a lot of drugs, gonna have some soup, brush then lie down.
@mellicherry omg!realy?then have u go to the clinic? My day was kinda ok. Didnt go for jogging  ilyt!!
@catwhisperer17 ouch, that's no fun  My thyme is not that big, but I've had it for a long time. hmm, maybe bigger pot is needed?
How sudden... My family is going to Stockholm to visit my sister for three days. My current projects will be delayed until Saturday. 
Working from home isn't easy.  My children are so demanding!  How many tasks have I completed..1, 2, 3 out of 100!  A very productive day 
@thody I know. My doc is convinced I've developed some sorta allergy since moving downtown. Sucks 
You know, this is really depressing. My sister now has more unique visitors on her blog in a day than I have in a month... 
One day in the office and all the good thoughts are gone... at least my collegues kept their humor ;-) My plants suffered quite a bit 
the weather was well bad today, i aint seen anythin like it ! oh well. My knee and ankles hurt  xx
Just found out I have pool-sitting duty (8 yr old) right after work. My slow cooked roast will have to wait. 
@EricNorthman So mad they had you getting highlights done last night. My vision of you is much more manly than that. 
@LunaticShimmy And yikes about your mom, I know that feeling.  My mom had a stroke the same week I got promoted. @_@;;
Settling into my new cubicle...  My shit's on the walls, but it's not quite &quot;home&quot; without @forthsmithsa across the aisle... 
Just came from the doc. &amp; I'm sicky. &amp; no work for at least four days. My body ia ching &amp; I'm so uncomfortable 
I'm starving. My sandwich and apple at lunch sure didn't fill me up. 
arghh, I am total rage-faced now. My mother was like &quot;what's wrong with your face?!&quot;    
@rachbills  I know how you feel, Hopefully, My ditzy godfather will pull through and get me tickets, backstage passes and merch! =D
@lindentreephoto slow &amp; no rest for the weary over here!  My students R going into their finals &amp; I am in grading lock down -   long days
wut is going on with all these shootings this month? My block last night, 3 in harlem, 1 in da bronx? it's gonna be a crazy summer 
@amandapalmer will WKAP book be on sale at your ed fringe show? My mum wont preorder me it   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
@ellisaitken What ye up to? My dad is snoring something awfyyyyyyyyyyy 
Just realised I'm gonna have to go to sleep at like...6:30 am as much! O_O My sister's arriving at 8 sth, so family will be up early. 
@charmedimsure I think my posts are decent and no one reads my blog either. My own family doesn't even take the time to read it. 
http://twitpic.com/7ie6y - My family...inlaws leave tomorrow  We're taking the kids to see them soon
@GADBaby My lil girl used to massage my face when she nursed... booooy do I miss that 
I really wish my roommate would get over herself and let me use my crockpot! My stew tonight would have been better if cooked all day. 
Bulldogs won(my softball team), i scored the winning run. My phone is broken...fuck back pockets and toilets.  damn...
Contrary to the rumors, my lack of updates today did not indicate my untimely demise or hospitalization. My twitterific's broke. 
I want to have a birthday drink. I have no one to have a drink with. I am sad.  My lips is stuck so far out a pigeon could land on it. 
I want to have a birthday drink. I have no one to have a drink with. I am sad.  My lip is stuck so far out a pigeon could land on it. 
http://twitpic.com/7in8k - My baby girl  and my boys.
After 10am. Finally going to bed. My sleep schedule is nonexistent  http://tinyurl.com/ojbsfn
Drinking tea &amp; tryin to study.. Why am I getting sick now?! Why?!  My throat is killing me &amp; I can't sneezing. 
@ThisIsJuice have funnnnn! My ass is sick as a dog &amp; can`t even move out this bed 
so exhausted. My knees are skinned, i have bruises from my shin pads and i have to wake up early for work  when do i get a day off?
I wanna read ya'll updates so bad lol...but I'm so tired, My eyes ache from lack of sleep 
I'm sad. My 2 best friends aren't answering my calls and all I wanna do is set up something fun with them for my bday tomorrow! 
Wearing a stupid neck brace thing is annoying!!! My brother keeps laughing at me 
Car accidents are no fun! My effen neck and head hurt.. I need a massage! 
Ants invaded my bed. My room is on the ground floor, 2 walls on the outside. 
Aw man! My grandpa might have colon cancer  keeping him in my prayers! This stinks 
@t_isfortammy I dunno, sounds like you've got a booty call today! Much better than my day. My butt has gone to sleep in this chair 
Today is day 7. I'm still not feeling 100% myself - more like 40%. My usual confidence and belief in myself is greatly diminished. 
@jamieed where in wales u from? U r soo lucky u saw jb last night. My parents wont drive me to england! 
Ouch ouch ouch ouch! My eye is swollen up again n i cant get back to sleep. It hurts so bad. 
Naaaw. My &quot;She falls asleep&quot; music is dodgy! Looks like i'm changing the song 
@Nosemonkey hmm good luck with that. My neighbour has clearly taken a walk through the obnoxious wood &amp; hit every branch on the way 
Oh people need to learn we don't ALL like to get up at obscene hours of the morning, and it's okay to ring later in the day. My poor head 
Just had a 2 and a half hour exam on statistics!! My head hurts now!! 
Going to the doctors tomorrow!! My knee hurts so much!!  I hope I don't have to have surgery!!! That would SUCK!!! Harmonys b-day soon!!!!
think some sod is having a bonfire  My washing is out on the line too - boo hiss!
@MsBrooks2U I'm very sorry to hear that  You're right, life is too short. My thoughts and prayers are with the family and their friends.
Up and at em! My kiddos are sick and I can feel the little scratch in the back of my throat again! 
YAY! My package arrived. The sexy boy who delivered it was wearing shorts. I sometimes buy stuff just to see him.... He's so cute. 
's legs look like spotted cheetahs. Fuuck, I'm going to need a transfusion soon.  My streak of one year since my last is coming to an end.
http://twitpic.com/7jhsa - My football team (well ex) we have played for going on six years and its time to stop  but we are still goi ...
@Momspective  it's not an easy thing to deal with, esp if it's been in the family. My prayers are with all of you! (((hugs)))
On the way home, heavy rain had come. My pants and shirt were terribly wet 
@Orchidflower My arms tan, my face tans, my neck tans. The rest of me ends up looking like I've bathed in a nuclear reactor 
Goood morning. My stomach feels weird...noo bueno 
@briant1701 Me too, My mind is not here at all, wanna go home 
@ckey5570 How was the show?  My hubby and I were set to go, but our babysitter bailed at the last minute 
Ouch, pulled a glut on the leg press today  My butt hurts!!!
70 mph wind and 2 inch hail heading our way.  My poor plants 
No getting out early. My mentor snuck in briefly at lunch and gave me a bazillion things to do. 
@MsBreeBree Whats that cupcake place name?? My phone is sick in case you been textin me 
#haveyouever wondered how the heck your dog/ cat really feels about you? If you could only imagine! My cat packed her litter &amp; left me! 
I feel like such a traitor- just bought ready made hummus.. My mom would be highly disappointed  some armenian I'am..
@DonnieWahlberg I waited for you as long as I could...too bad I'm married now  My husband reminds me of you though *wink *wink
@lil_punkess will get it sorted in the morning. My bloody phone died earlier 
@ColbyLauren omg I totally feel for you.mine got stolen but its just as bad. My contract wasnt up for a while so I had to buy a used treo 
@pinedaferet We have to leave soon after my panel  My son turns 1 tomorrow, so I need to get home tonight. I'm dying to meet @sashacagen
Aw man! My laptop battery died on me. I look in my bag only to find out i forgot my power cord at home 
No more chicken salads from the halal truck...what was in that chicken? My tummy hurts 
Yay! My creepy stalker guy is here looking at porn on the public computers. 
So I wonder if I'll be able to get a new iPhone tomorrow? Probably not   My phone looks like a southside windshield.
Moms car: fixed. My car: went in for a smog and apparently needs serious tune ups.  why veronica?! Why?!
http://twitpic.com/7kzor - My view for the past hour glad we are flying the day before ........ 
Fucking cunt dick. &gt; My latest adventure to make something working &quot;better&quot; turned into me breaking it. Now I cant cool down cos... 
@cara_hamilton  My parents have decided to make it family movie night. I would though, any other day! I'm sorry!
@kryz omg im sorry to hear that  My friend has that too and needs surgery to remove it
&quot;I know where I'm at but that doesn't mean I know how to get home!&quot; My brother driving us home from dinner 
Just got done eating pizza with the guys... My tummy hurts  I am running tomorrow triple time!!
Oops, that last was via @matthelms.  My computer here at work is so slow it takes too long to go back and check my spelling.
Hrm. Seems like my wireless router is on the fritz. My internet only stays connected properly when its directly plugged into the line. 
I just busted the bbq lighter with my fat ass...On a different note... My size 30s keep falling off 
@cutegingerbread But, yeah I'm ok. My car is just sad....  I'm pissed off to the max!
Ugh I don't think it's allergies.... I think I'm getting sick  My head feels like it's gonna explode
@amber13skye girl you know I did... Even when they call dipped out to go get beer  My efforts even went unnoticed.
Just got done downloading music &amp; My jonas brother cd that I just burned just got stuck in the cd part &amp; won't come out  tinas trying to
@musicthelev iya nih sama bgt, feeling so bad like I'm getting sick soon! My body udah not delicious.. Meriang2 flu gimanaaa gt.. 
I'm so sad... My tvs no longer get @wis10 but they do get everything else...I guess I wasn't ready for the big switch after all 
Oh my gosh! My house almost start to fire  thanks god the help was so fast
@TigerGoesRoar hahahaha.. thats great.. My family doesn't play video games 
Just got done playing 6 songs on guitar hero metallica nonstop. My legs hurt, 
I am either hearing a bunch of muffled whispers or my ears are playing tricks on me. My house is scary 
In bed this wisdom tooth shit is killing me. My gums are even bleeding gotta make an appointment to get them removed 
I watched my friend bury his daughter today. My heart, my prayers and my love fly out to him and the family.  
@c21sftu My mind is all twittered out but my brain is still buzzing and not wanting to sleep...it's just on auto-pilot in the awake mode 
Should I go? My school's 2hours away from home, so I'll probably stay at our condo. But there's absolutely no place like home. 
just got home from school..aww.so tired. My feet hurts! 
came over and after looking at me puzzled then told me to click on a button. My face got a beat down by the egg mob 
@bayanijovan hey, any chance i could hitch a ride to sta. elena? My running partner got sick on me today. 
I left my car windows open last night and it rained; My suit is all wet from the ride to work. 
Today - I'm giving up the privilege of my cubicle and moving to a bull pun  ... My company is still cutting costs!!
Going to school ion about an hour to do a science final exam..My friends said it was easy, but you can never be to sure.. 
Depression is so horrible. I just want my little sister to not suffer anymore   My step bro has it too at the moment, it's just awful 
@zoesilkyterrier  hope u r nt so sickly nw. My precious dog is dwn wif demodex  n gotta b on medication for dunno hw long.
Leisurely getting ready 2 go 2  the airport. My hubby isn't going with me 2 my reunion   He knows just as many people as I do maybe more
Thinking my son is having an allergic reaction to bleach. My poor baby is so uncomfortable, and his eyes are so swollen. 
I'm back for a little while. My body hurts... I slept on my arm wrong and my back hurts near my shoulderblade 
@texasmommy77 still trying to get my eyes open.  I am looking forward to a good day.  My son has a sleep study tonight though 
ugh.  I'm getting the bad part of laying out in the sun this past weekend today.  My face is peeling  gross.
@missdevon nice, I'm happy for you. My mommy left me sunday 
I stepped on a shower hook last night. It went through and now My heel really hurts. I also cannot remember my last tetanus shot..    ...
Unfortunately, I seem to be really painfully allergic to at least one of the new kids. My eyes were swollen half shut this morning.  
So my initial alarm was for 27 minutes ago. My second one is for 20 minutes from now. I don't like being awake for both. 
Now that school's out, I can get dressed with the window open without potentially scarring a child. It's liberating. My foot looks gross 
I'm so sore from dance last night! My hips like pop everytime I move! Holy crap!!!! 
@emily0_0 My great aunty died this morning. My nan was so upset and when shes upset it makes me upset  
Waiting in the waiting room. I see 30 magazines in here. My left leg hurts so badly, I feel like crying. 
*So bummed* My teen scene was downgraded to a milf scene.  I'm not old. I've never been pregnant! This blows, and not in the good way 
Not cool, my car was broken into and all my cables and capos etc for my guitar were stolen. My ipod dock was too 
I lied. FIVE hours. My next flight is at 4pm. And there aren't even any couches or armchairs around here to flop on. 
Finally free from college work! Not gonna miss the work, but I'm gonna miss everyone!  My mates and especially my other half  lol
@chrisrobertson how is it? My new phone doesn't get here until friday  but oh well..  its worth the wait!
i am super pissed that paramore isnt gonna be playin any music for twilight! My favorite band should play for my favorite movie! 
any suggestions on how to eliminate my hayfever welcome. My nose is bright red and my throat is sore and 3  antihistamines haven't helped 
Just said goodbye to my family on the subway. My cousin was trying not to cry  i hope i can go visit in september
At home with the grandmother, really bored. My sister and her friend are just hanging out while I stay home, in trouble 
No lightening  this is getting really dissapointing.  My dog is really scared of thunder, so she wont leave my side
The only thing thaty could ruin new taco place in town? My stupid ec  bf working there. 
And my heart really goes out to the poor animals (especially the dogs) that have 2 stay outside  My pups are livin in luxury I guess! lol
I still haven't seen my report card!  My dad finally paid the stuff I haven't even go to get it yet! I'm so angry right+sad right now! 
Wow not tweeted atall today :O! My legs hurt from the wee fit  hopefully it means that im actually doin it right!
My lap top was cake. My school sent back the left over pell grant money so no lap top for me 
http://twitpic.com/7nqdx - Things to note, don't kick the dam furniture! My toe is weaker than the futon 
And I'm going mad. My gym shoes are in storage. I planned to get back into my running routine tonite, so much for that 
My arm hurts from using a mouse all day for 2 days straight. My mouth hurts cuz of the new bands on my braces. I wanna just go to sleep 
I didn't get my morning phone call from my baby. My day doesn't feel right 
wishes that it would just rain already.  My kitties are melting into fur puddles from the heat and I only have so many popcicles!  
I suck at playing guitar. My finger hurt, and it sounds like someone's killing a cat whenever I try to play. 
I suck at playing guitar. My fingers hurt, and it sounds like someone's killing a cat whenever I try to play. 
Home now wearing bunny ears?My leg hurts and so does my wrist 
Scratch that. My lil sis got me in a bad mood! She killed my waking up to a good nap. 
Holy shit theres way too many great video games coming out soon. My wallet is going to take a major beating 
@zennish OH - sorry on my phone it looked like it was a tweet LOLOLOL. My bad. 
@tonitoni23 I wandered around town looking for take out. I ended up at grocery store buying fruit &amp; lots of junk.  My tummy hurts 
SO bummed out! My purse was stolen at the store and n it was my brother's car key which costs $600 to replace because of some micro chip 
@colesmcgee oh   whatever! My ass didn't want you either!
wants a new phone! My phone keeps randomly turning off, piece of crap! And my E65 has run out of warranty, can't repair it!  Bahh
@szafryk  I bought 1 for my bedroom toilet thinking it would keep it cleaner. My bedroom smelled like an arena bathroom for over a month. 
@robbid I was walking home the other day and I tripped and fell in the middle of route 60. My leg broke my fall 
Sometimes i think friends who've only known me for a couple years know me better than my going on 15 years best friend. My tummy hurts 
This child that is writing here is gonna die of starvation  My mum thought I wouldn't be up till late afternoon thus, no sandwich for me.
Man was it brutal out there!! 15-20mph wind, and not in its usual direction.  My ball was at the mercy of the gods!  74 with only 1 bird 
I just thought I'd share my sorrow with the twitterverse.  I have a cavity.  My first in my permanent teeth.  annie am cry. 
@trvsbrkr . . Wish more guys were like u! My sons (5 1/2yo) father has neva even met him  xo
@ericdlux Felt like doing an entire workout in the studio today. My head hurts now. 
So I once won this award for a picture I'd done, the trophy was ceramic. My naughty dog just did some redecoration &amp; destroyed it 
Oh the delightful morning garlic breath on train! My sensitive nose is both a blessing and a curse! 
Little man seems to be having a rough nite.... perhaps a bug?  Doesn't look like mama will get much sleep *sigh* My poor little baby 
Anyone got problems using twibble in e90/symbian phones?? My friend is having trouble with his phone 
Total black out today... My laptop can take only 2 hours.... so see you later.... 
Finally watching &quot;drag me to hell&quot; with my lil' sist(poor me! My lil' sist even has watch it twice!!) 
http://twitpic.com/7p172 - My poor cat  The last 3 days I've been having to give him bath's &amp; flea treatments. One minute he was fine  ...
@1sabeau I'm so sorry to hear that.. My thoughts are with you and your friend  * sending love and hugs to you both *
@nikkigrieve I do not know this band, does that make me uncool, if so am I cool because uncool is the new cool? My head hurts  xxx
Has just woke up from a nap. My head hurts so badddd 
@YaggaYow My vacations are not until november.These five year olds are kicking the hell out of me. I am sooo tired 
I feel  sick. My stomach hurts. I  got a pounding headach i cant breath i feel cold yet i feel like i have  a fever 
It's raining again this morning. My sister wake me up at this time, but I'm still sleepy 
It's raining again this morning. My sister wake me up at this time. But actually, I'm still sleepy 
Before you do anything rash, get it through your head that there really are no greener pastures. My astroslam for the day.. 
Everybody talkin bout how they the best rapper, even this girl.. My dead friend says hi to me and i snub her cuz she dead and i wake up 
I just called my grandma. it's her birthday today, she's 83. My other grandma died several years ago 
Really need to get a pair replacement earphones. My ears are hurting from the loud chatter coming from the passengers seated behind me. 
Hating the ex today (more than usual).  My ONE night a week I get to myself and he has to rob me of it.  He's so lucky I am not vengeful  
is back home after passing time at office!! My office su**s 
Ps: I'm gonna need some major therapy that may need to start asap. My parents never had a wedding cake 
I forget how much static electricity there is out west. My bangs are standing up!! I really wish my phone wouldve upgraded yesterday. 
Starting a crazy day of errands with a pedi... My preferred girl is working on someone two chairs away 
Misunderstandings during a bikini wax totally suck!  My poor cooter looks so stupid now.  True story 
UGH! I rolled out of bed this morning and kelp rolling til i hit the wall!My head still hurt  Then i got water to drank and missed my face
@styleit Not yet. My trailer is a comfy 75, but as soon as I open the door it's like a faceblast from the oven door. 
Is home today with a very badly sprained ankle!  My nephew and his gf came over to help with things
My baby bolster cover went missing! My mum took it out to wash, and it disappeared! It has been with me for so many years 
@Isagra thanks so much. I appreciate your kindness &amp; warmth.  My mom's sister is dying of breast cancer (on the cancer's timeline).  
Watching my dad do something to my car's oil that closely resembles someone bleeding out from the jugular. My baby! I can't look 
Put my sports bra on and the pain was excruciating... My sunburn hurtsss.  guess I'm not working out today
@dougiemcfly Theres a really sad film out .. dont think it wil be your kind of thing tho?? My sisters keeper .. its sad ..  
Selling my boy yorkie.. My son is allergic to dogs.. 
It's about 3:30am and I'm still wide awake... My hot water bottle is going cold. 
http://twitpic.com/7qa0y - My puppy didn't get any sleep last night. 
Dreading having to work @ rainforest tonight. My friend jus told me were on summer hours as of tmw! So ill be gettn out @ 2 am!!!  
Says subway cookies r delish! I wish I cld have a whole bag of those!!! My face is sadly payin 4 it tho!  o well! I gta man! He loves it!
@TVAmy I think it's really sad what the show has become.  My 5 year old girl loves to watch it.  Now we can't let her watch it anymore.  
Oops! I was in the business class. My seat's still long  way to go 
Just spent an hour at the dentist. My whole right side of my mouth is numb and im drowling. I offically have 2 holes in my mouth  tiff ...
this day is never ending  My head doesn't want to stay up and my eyes dont want to stay open...soo sleepy!
@rudedoodle i are watching your hubby make sounds. My first question was, is claire here 
My little girls aren't so little anymore  My baby boy amazes me with each passing day. I'm so blessed.
Bleaching my hair again. My nana hurt me so bad, she has to be the roughest person I know. 
@kickingcouture 1 am bed time would be amazing. My sleep pattern in awful, I cannot fall asleep until 2/3 am 
Some super drunk bitch and her friends asked my coworker and me to make out. My coworker is a guy. They thought i was gay 
More sleep!  wow account runs out tomorrow. My bank account is empty while moms care cup is empty.
#inaperfectworld there would be no such thing as the flu! My friend is too sick to come see me tomorrow 
@peteakalad yeah, I guess. My devotion to shiny apple products means I think I have to try to buy it tomorrow, though 
I need practice in this feminine thing.... My nailpolish is chipping already!! And its only been one day! 
Oh my god! My grandma just pulled out the most embarassing child hood photos... I need to find a way to destroy the evidence 
After 10am. Finally going to bed. My sleep schedule is nonexistent  http://tinyurl.com/ojbsfn
Taking an embroidery break to make some 00g plugs and eat a waffle. My silicon eyelet tore! 
@T_isForLysellah: My mom said I won't be able to go to that party tmrw night, b'cos we'll get home I'll get home too late 
The basement cleanup has stopped for the night. My eyes are burning from the bleach vapors. More of the same tomorrow night 
Just got home from 3 soccer games. My son is playing up an age level 3 v3 soccer. They lost all 3 games.  But he had fun playing.
Just finished the first sitting of my memorial tat of my dog.  My heart still hurts worse having lost her 
I'm back from a long day at work. My knees are f*cking killing me. I don't wanna work anymore 
@keytar lol. My sister is deathly scared of the shell type thing they leave behind. I am just so not an outdoors person. 
Chillen at the house celebrating my moms bday. Everyones here. My throat is freaken killing me. I feel like crying frm the pain 
My damn feet hurt, and that never happens. My poor Chanels 
@hef_a_roni I know right! I could lease one... But eh I want to own. My dream car priced at 26k lol not bad but still! A lot for me 
Finally on my way home. My ears are popping like crazy. 
Is watched snapped these bitches krazy. My kinda show. But I'm pissed I lost my sonic boom nail polish 
man, my tooth hurts so bad! it's like throbbing pain. My cavity was filled last week... this shouldn't be happening 
@tayne_gheel omgosh 6 months??  this is honestly my 1st full month of 'trying' :/ and I'm hating the mental endurance issue. My brain!! 
Morning. Why the hell do I keep waking up at silly o'clock in the morning?! My alarm doesn't go off for another hour 
@Sion71 I hope all is ok so so busy this end  My thoughts are with you all the way (hug)
@jrk_cochina40 My mom saw me have one for the first time a couple of months ago. I've had them for years. 
Finally done with my hair. My arms always get sore from straightenin hair...wish there was an easier way to flat iron 
OmgOmgOmgOmg. My parents were asleep when i got home!    i have a feeling that i might be getting &quot;a talking to&quot; later  ***Zachdj***
@mjacobson yup.  My damn weather radio has been chirping all night 
 Another day. What a crap life. My nefews father is trying to get back on the scene but hes a wanker. not good. court says he can c nefew
@meganpazz fuck. My mom just woke up again and yelled at me for still being up haha. She doesn.t get why i am. But no more computer 
@lameymacdonald Thats really awesome about your mom. My mom got old so fast it seems like. 
heading to work.. My twit pic wont work 
Goodness. I just crashed into the tyres during go kart.My breaks didn't work  vibrates like mad!
Has woken up grouchy! My kid came to my room crying really early so I got very little sleep moving around away from kicking all night 
Yurgh. My code smells really badly today. Definitely need less shoehorns and more time 
@sybylla84 oh crap, you did tweetback. My bad  sorry!
Aaaaaa, the high school graduation result has been released!! My brother's got 41.5/60 
@brlittle aww  I fell asleep on the couch at 12:30, went to bed and woke up at 5. My bus is late tho
Another boring day I think. My neck/throat hurts today  Too many cigarettes methinks. Need to cut down. But so goooood lmfao
is looking for someone to go out for sushi tonight.My usual victims aren't here... 
@SwtLissa I hope so too...he's a drama queen but usually is back to acting normal overnight, but not today;   My poor little man!
@sorchamorrigan hey there! My little cat was ill &amp; turned out to be massive lymphoma. She was getting worse thru day so was put to sleep 
I wish I wasn't at work. An I wish I could change things.  so many things I want to change. My life is... ugh.
So my phone case messed my my phone so i can't use the case anymore...  My phone is naked...
@KaNdEeBx i think everyone would dream of that perfect world ;). My bad I didn't do a followfriday for ya 
happy midsummer everyone! My little brother has a bd today and here are few relatives having a dinner.. not so sure is it very nice. 
@UberDorkGirlie they do get pushy. My friends had em at their ranch to keep the horses company but mountain lions kept getting 'em.  #bait
omg, all the cookies are gone!1! *alligator tears of sadness* I only got one this time    My life sucks, i want a refund or a lizard!
Just had blood drawn. Apparently I have bad veins. My Dr. is a bitch. My arm hurts 
@Brandonroberts1 aww rob-lin  sorry to hear about ur granny. My condolences to u and ur family!
@HolleyMonelle me too!! When I say I wanna go to the movies by myself.. My friends look at me weird  is something wrong with that?
@Phenomejon lol.  I have all the golf gear, even have a big bertha.  But I suck.  I did place 2nd in a longest drive.  My mom won 
@nae_trews My mom barely remembers what I look like 
Realized I hear a lot about #fairtrade coffee, but not so much #fairtrade tea.  My guess is #DavidsTea isn't tho 
The good cook returns. My room is cleaned, bedsheets are changed and the weather turns nice - All this when I am I leaving 
Sorting through baby clothes and mom just made lunch . My house is a mess 
If anyone wants to hang out with me today, they'll have to pick me up. My car has NO gas. 
@MartinMMC My mom feels the same way..She lost her dad almost 3 years ago..We all miss him,including me 
I'm taking care of 6 people in the house. My sister, nieces, nephew, and mom since I'm the only one who isn't sick. 
@Seanakin ty, bro. My short-lived days with Kramerica are over 
 super super upset. My fone broke....((( ugh....
@Firstladie07 lol, hell no to the six kids.lol...what are the festivities?... My ankle just been swollen 
going to the hospital...My auntie deneice's son is in the er.... 
On my way to graduation. I am really nervous for some reason. My tummy hurts 
Finally some sunshine, won't last though. My pool pump broke  ...ah, the joys of owning a home.
Just got called off of work.. fuck the rain. My bank account is slowly diminishing into nothing. 
Just got home from cheer and lunch with mommy. Its so hot outside however. My tummy hurts 
Working my way through http://tinyurl.com/2bl9q7 My brute force solutions look so crappy next to people's elegantly mathematical ones. 
In bed now need some sleep out again 2moro night. My elbow and nose r swollen  and I don't know y?! Or how damn drink!
home sick with a bladder infection  so im getting sushi for takeout. My weekend is shot nowthanks to this infectiion, im miserable
http://twitpic.com/7uj1x - My lil girl is sick. 
Just woke up, worst night sleep ever!. My head hurts  but yeah.. off to go shower, i smelly.
just found out my scion is a &quot;total loss vehicle&quot; from the last hail storm last week. My poor scion  #fb http://bit.ly/4ZPb9
Friend of mines sisters stomped her 3 month old son.  He is brain dead  My thoughts and prayers are with the family.
outgrew her bike  My legs hit my arms when I ride, and the seat wont go any lower...
I'm a question mark.  I don't wanna be a question mark. My pretty picture doesn't want to show...
2day I stayed under the radar. I think a have a cold. My daughter started sniffing 2 days ago (summer camp) I woke up w congested sinus 
Just got home..haven't seen my bunnies in a month, and my baby bunny dies in my arms. My car died this morning, my bunny died tonight wow 
http://twitpic.com/7v0t9 - My poor baby car and her jacked up butt - it sux to be rear-ended 
What are the odds. My last two boyfriends were complete douche bags. I finally find a nice boy, and his roommate hates me. I can't win 
I'm frustrated.  My passport arrived in massachusetts today at my parents house.. Sucks cuz I wanted to go to montreal tomorrow. 
I have a feeling I won't be sleeping very much tonight.  My cake's not even part way done. 
Ugh i shouldn't have drank that sbux double shot drink. My tummy hates me right now. 
It is sooo hot tonight. I wish I had my pool up, I'd be outside skinny dipping..lol My husband has to work tomorrow.. so no car hunting 
http://twitpic.com/7v9ns Givng jah his breathing treatment... My wawa baby 
After sufficient heating &amp; icing of my calf, I am still walking on my tippy toes. My calf is saying &quot;screw you&quot;  no running 4 me :sigh:
Thinking about gay pride and the fact I can't go  My #samesexsunday pick is my new friend @commandoboy.
I'm sad... My dog jus bit ma mom n she told me I have to give him away  crying
My friend was just here crying. Her boyfriend is cheating w/someone she thought was friend. My oldest son show up acting very strange wtf 
I just predicted my phone ringing weirddd...   My throat hurts  my moms gonna be a cleaning nazi tomorroww fml
I won't lie. I do kinda miss the game. I don't like how much time gets sucked into playing. My death knight and druid miss me. 
Heading off to get drinks. My house better not end up being a mess     -henryvutran
&quot;I give it my heart. My determination, and my courage. And its all pushed away because it was at the wrong time.  so it feels&quot;
@t2therell  I know its so weird...My nose is achey like I just lightly bumped my nose on something (LoL) and am starting to sneeze alot 
*loser*...not! My bestie is just out of town  might be able to find someone else,b/c I feel acward..oh well!
She's conscious now but her words are garbled. My poor Dadi 
@dork4life My mom would totally say yes but my dad no  so if my mom says yes i can go but we would need a ride
I hate my hair.  How the heck do people keep their hair so healthy?  My hair's always been nappy 
@elitaste I'm all over it once I get back from work. My internet was down this morning  wanted to listen on my bus journey.
In the words of the song, 'there may be trouble ahead'. My employer is being broken-up and sold in bits. Dissapointed as I love my job 
@rushtonaiter Gutted when I found out you were doing disney gigs. My family fly out tomorrow but I can't go coz waiting on uni results 
Feeling unwell   My friend is going to pick me up a bit later and look after me...
@DirtyAngel arrrr babe - sending you hugs and kisses xxx My bloody hayfever kept me awake from 3 this morning so feeling pretty groggy 
I'm glad I'm home safely, what a fucked up night. Both good on bad, mostly bad at the end, but now it's good. My feet hurt though! 
darg namit. My neighbour's just been round to say the drains are blocked. Means I can't shower until the water company come and sort it 
@davideaikin the man! No worries. I'd probably have done the same lol. My coffee with a friend cancelled on me yesterday  lol
@JadeeJonasss yeah i watched it this morning, but it cut the end off, because it was recorded last night  My dad was all sarcastic and...
Just drove over my puppy...  took him to the vet, it's a sprain and a ripped open paw pad. My poor pup - I'm sorry!
Totally up driving in the van at 7:09am. My head hurts and my eyes feel dry! 
I'm having a hard time sleeping these days. My body won't seem to let me sleep for more than 6 hours 
WOMPPPP WOMPPP My websites javascript wont be fixed till monday  (its being gayer than wanda sykes vagina 
Just waking up. My dog kept me up all night because it was storming all night 
Only 2 miles   My boys came down with a time check then asked me why I was watching sports center i'm a girl WTF  http://twitpic.com/7w7u5
People, I need food poisoning remedies asap please! My man isn't well at all... 
@bruetz Something like that.  My friend's dog has a habit of sitting on people &amp; leaving a mark--he came up w/ &quot;choc star stamp&quot; name.
We live separate lives... Its sad really... My kids are learning everything so wrong bcus he doesn't wanna be here 
Iranian students shot by riot police...    My heart goes out to them: http://bit.ly/kGib3 (youtube vid)
Wow that was good sleep !! My love goes back 2 work 2day 
Arg. My fitness level isn't what it was a few years ago. My legs said stop at mile 60  bike time needs to a priority too
My day:portabello road to paddington to oxford street to carnaby street to bond street to marble arch.My legs hurt now 
Heading to the mall and dinner. My babies left this morning  Sambush
@jillmonica Haha, nah! My dress waa way too long. I miss having you around! 
@burtreynolds so cute.  Thanks for calling!  My phone is dead tho  I'm doing ok.. trying to get ready for my trip.  How are you?
Has fallen down stairs twice today. My ass hurts 
Looking for a kinkos to print out my mets tix for tommorrow....I forgot   My lil bro is yap yap I knew you would forget...
@anton515 Did I leave the cell phone charger over there again? My phone died, and I can't find the charger. 
Man another vep performance  let's get it. My heart goes out to my crew sorry about the family issues I'll cover your work today stay up
I'm the worst mother in the whole world. My baby fell off the bed and he has a lump over his eyebrow    I hate myself.
@kristentanaka I got a litttlee bit tann! My shoulders got worse so my back tan is hideousss 
Yay.. My boss wants me to work 8pm to 4am tonight instead of 10pm to 6am... this is going to be f-ed up. 
Pretty much slept all day, don't know that i'm THAT tired. My baker's man says I should be a professional sleeper.  and i'm still tired.
@mikoyreyes really? My v.card looks fine. I thought it was my ram. I'll be bringing it to the service station next week. 
@tommcfly tom why dont you reply me??  My hands are hurting and I'm tired...spent the whole day trying to see you tell me a simple 'hi' 
@ShantiSaha u have time in 2yrs ill be 27   I wanna retired by 35 too but I also wnt babies &amp; a husby. My nxt 10yrs is gnna b busy! I hope
@GADBaby I missed both games last time!    My son is sleeping a little better, so maybe I will get to play monday.
My day was ok.. My computer crashed. or the hard drive did.. So doing my computer. so might now be on for a couple of days.. 
@Julirose it was meant as a glorious reprieve from the mundane weather! My poem writing leaves a lot to be desired! 
 europe cruise mite be cancelled; there was a fire that happened on our ship..... My summer is officialy ruined. 
My feet hate me and refuse to stop releasing pain throughout my body  @ My apartamento!! http://loopt.us/MgQG4Q.t
@Julirose it was meant as a glorious reprieve from the mundane weather! My poetic writing leaves a lot to be desired! 
@ScottRhodie I hope your &quot;exciting news&quot; for me comes soon. My girlfriend just broke up with me. I'm going to go try and fix it. 
@kirstiealley  two WOULD be a bonus!  My mom was my life...my dad...not so much. 
@glenn_hughes I don't have too much luck at the game.  My score is 5,260 right now.  LOL 
Staying home tonight. Too tired. My feet kill me right now! 
hey!! T.T !! My mom's phone was stolen!! the keychain my best friend choose 4 me was there ( !! sorry nix 
I'm like diobok&quot;. My uncle is a bad driver and I just relized it. I sit at the back 
Going to go play beer pong with @AlexNGO, something finally fun- thank fucking god. My contacts are hella annoying though 
Finally finished with the wedding. My body is gonna hurt tomorrow  At least I got to eat yummy food!
@WJFuoco well the fun is over and now I  starting to smoke a 20 lb tukey for tomorrow.... My b-day way too short 
Ugh I'm so freakin sore from that damn digger I took the other day. My wrist is killin me and my hip is buggin. 
Oh yea!! So who in the atlanta area wants to burn me a copy of back to the feature. My damn comp dont wanna download it 
Just chilling at home. Going to pick up my friend from work in a little bit. Sucks that I work tomorrow night  My weekend is almost over.
@jonaskevin I'm so sad I'm not gonna go to ur concert in fresno. My sister is going with her friends and couldn't get me a ticket 
@Ottergirl02 My apartment is still leaking water and I'm still bummed about missing out on a day of house hunting because of my tire. 
@marissadebiase someone better! Or at least theybetter reblog it. My internet crapped so I can't even hear it 
I am so sad! My pearl fell of my ring! Its like finding a needle un the hay stack  http://myloc.me/4OFt
@renmiu I think it's my diet. Only started eating fruit &amp; veg recently. My food groups were sweet, salty, chocolatey, fizzy and crunchy. 
So hungry.. My dad won't get off the phone to ring pizza 
So boring  My parents are gonna out for a party and they let me and my brother be at home
I wish the world was simpler than it is. My tiny brain cant handle the madness. 
My boobs have ballooned, and my hips have as well...  I don't know how this is so, I seem to be growing.  My waist is the same tho, wtf!! 
@Zeroblade long time since you cleaned it? My sense of smell is ruined thanks to allergy so I can almost sense nothing now 
Ugh! I just broke 65 dollars worth of glass jars right in front of my boss! My badness... 
don't wanna go back to work tomorrow. My early summer vacay is over 
One bird dead, another starting to think about going on a trip to Hades. My sample size! My poor power... 
My sister flipping an attitude. My sister and husband yelling at each other. What a great way to end a vacation. 
@handandface  LAME. We all need to hang out together soon.  My birthday a week tomorrow. We need to do something fun.
Ouuhh.. My foot got stiff after wearing black pumps.. ow ow 
@SilkexX @Janaaahaa My father isn't at home!  He is cycling with my mum, from this morning 10o'clock. I didn't even give his presents! 
My car has a dent in it.  My car was STATIONARY &amp; you left white paint on it! My neighbours need to go back to driving school *angry face*
@jonasbrothers but that's not really food. I had vegemite before on bread but it tasted like nutella. My brother's fault! 
Seeing a homeless people looking for cigarette butts makes me feel really bad. My uncle just gave the homeless guy a few dollars. Awwwh 
Just woke up. My aunt and grandma left last night 
I heard plants can twitter, too. My little acorn-tree &quot;yusuf&quot; would cough if he could. He's really ill. 
Feeling lonely coz I'm alone now. The whole house seem empty, nobody.  My work also din do...Haiz...
@strebel So sorry.   We just had to put our 21 year old cat to sleep yesterday.   My wife's a vet, if you need advice, etc..
Oh, no.  I hear thunder.  My flowers love the rain, but that means I have to shut down the computer.  
@SoftwareGoddess talkin about baristas. The best. My morning cup buddies. 
Having a late lunch today! I also really need to finally get my glasses. My eyes hurt from squinting all the time! 
oh dear... my plan to make the pineapple lumps last at least a week failed outrageously! My bad  but oh so yummmmmmmmy!!
OH NO! My computer won't start, has all these weird errors  don't know how long I'll be offline, need computer man now!
what the heck!? My brother ate my whole block of spam by itself! 
@blububl you're doing twit pics now too? You're officially a twitter whore. My phone has no camera. 
@FIDELITY2021 LOL @ ur mom having a facebook acct. My mom made 1 yesterday! Now if only I could get her to text... She's still anti text. 
I got some bad news today  My car insurance isn't gonna renew my ish. this makes me sad cuz their ish was hella low...
@Dilpickle1 My fiance+son+job = more important than a shoutbox or forum, sorry 
@wearredtonight aww  sorry about your hampster. My long time doggie friend died a month ago =/
@mujahideenryder Thats sad  My heart goes out to the ppl and familes involved in the crash
Plant:   My soil is dry, its only 8% wet!  I was watered for 33 sec. My soil is now at 77%. I'm good 
@Sarahhhmaccc My daddy isn't home.  So there's no way for me to get into your place duuude.
@iChelz lmfao! omg. I wish like shyt. That would make my day. My crush is fading away, only cuz I know it has to. 
Oh no... My laptops battery is dying  the only thing that was keeping me sane on this trip back home
At @ddlovato 's concert. My camera just died. Thanks a lot camera. 
@livenoutlouder im not sure what happened. My phone was not in my possession. sorry  I wish it had been my butt, i love that commercial!
Lmaoo they do the darnest things on this show .... My kit kat bar is melting 
Unintentionally hurt someone very close to me.  My day-to-day life seems bleak.
Awww... My favorite wedges are seeing their last days   I believe this summer they will be laid to rest 
Someone help... My phone hid the ubertwitter app but when I put show all, it doesn't show 
Wanting to buy a new betsey necklace on fri pay day. My other fav necklace broke 
@MsAngelicEyez hey u. Just wakin up here. With the kids not having school I am able to sleep in yay. My line with west ends on the 2nd 
Long mornin! My bike's too cool to fit it's old school tires on the bus rack. hadda leave it locked up  http://i41.tinypic.com/2r7mqzd.jpg
@starsparkle thats an amazing cage! My hamster needs a bigger cage.. she gets bored 
Long mornin! My bike's too cool to fit it's old school tires on the bus rack.  hadda leave it locked up http://i41.tinypic.com/2r7mqzd.jpg
It is 6 o'clock in the evening. My children come directly home for dinner-hope they are hungry. It still rains 
And the kids are still in school. Its been like a month since I've been out. My eyebrows itch and i'm terribly home sick. 
If I want to be part of the boxing it'll be $74 a month with a one year contract. My broke ass can't do it. 
@writertina This is where the boys bought my bike, look on here!  http://bit.ly/14t6T1 My tire is flat again though! 
I had my first singing lesson today in a ladies gargage!! My thoart hurts  I'm gonna have to get used to singing for hours at a time.
@x3Nannax3 I'm back. But I can't call ya. My whole family is angry about me because I always had the phone 
Getting ready to go eat. Then going back to the hospital. My 2nd home right now even though it doesn't feel like home. 
I keep walking into things. My legs and feet will be covered in bruises tomorrow 
@ItzYung  I didn't get ur text I was like this nigga ignored me for 2 days. My phone memory was full, it deleted pples text B4 I c it smh
I just got my wisdom teeth pulled out. My face is numb, Im bleeding, and I'm walking all crazy from effects of analgesia. My mouth hurts 
51 hours so far. My check is gonna be a flop 
Feeling a lil ill, went to taco bell and I don't think my stomach was ready for it. My poor tummy 
How 2 beat the summer heat. 1cat+1ice cold washcloth=cool kitty. My poor baby doesn't like the heat.  http://twitpic.com/884dh
@FlatFootFox I've heard that getting major work done like that never lasts long.  My dad's knee is the same way.
@onegirlinmelb me too! I've already been at work for 2 hours! My pants seem to be 2 sizes to big and everything is going wrong! 
At @Joenid's parents' house, waiting for her dad to bring her cel charger. Then, dinner with friends. My last night with her for a while. 
@nemone1 hoped to learn writing tips from 1 of the few lady writers in the biz. My buds never told me you came back to chat that night. 
@VivaGlam1387 hmm i dunno. My sister has decided to get married on the 9th so now i gotta fly there. And u know i'm broke 
@icequeen_11 Aw, that's sad   My sister's dad never really treated her well, so when my mom married my dad, he basically took that role.
Why cant money grow on trees? My car isnt getting fixed...Transformers was worth the $22 just not worth me driving a decrepit car 
I wish i could rewind time and go back to red lobster! My shirmp linguini alfredo pasta is gone 
@KimBerry29 special K sounds great right about now! My last meal was at lunch with you @ open sesame! 
Haha 5 more mins to trng. My gosh!  - http://tweet.sg
@I_am_JFo My phone has been in my car all night I'm too lazy to go get it!!! I kno just awful dnt nobody call me but u , don and tj 
layin in bed with cohen, he ova here justa coughin. . . My poor baby dont feel good 
@LucyWestie hope yr mom got rid of yr fleas. My frontline doesn't protect me from ticks either. So hard to find cos I'm black   woof!
I yawn when im cold. My fingers are freezing.  - http://tweet.sg
@salandpepper Congestion, headache, runny nose and sneezing - not a good look for me  My family is currently boosting the tissue industry
@HayleyWick well maybe I do like pizza! I wish they had pizza on tonights menu how cool! My art skills are not very good though 
My daughter is real sick...        i can't sleep cuz i'm so worried.... My poor baby.
Heading out of town today.  My mom is in the hospital.  
the broken blinking light in the men's toilet at work has finally been replaced with a new one! My disco-wonderland is no more! sad times 
How nice. My cat left a dead bird in the living room for me to find this morning. 
I have yet to get my iphone! I am sooo behind in the times! My kids have better phones than me! That's just sad! 
Seriously, I don't want my dog anymore. He takes longer pisses and girls like him way more than they like me  My ego is sore..
@gfalcone601 sounds like your having a fab day! My eyes wont stop streaming either, stupid hayfever  xx
Ugh I'm soooo sick from allergies today. My head hurts, have a fever, can't stop sneezing, etc. I hope I feel better soon 
Is there a cat whisperer in the house?  My cat has me at my wits end 
I'm one unhappy chappy today. My head feels like it's going to explode, so no town time for me tonight 
Double today!! My second job talking about taking them too the pool smh damn I dnt want toooo 
@babyloiysta oo yeah i cant go out this friday  My sister is sleeping over
@laurenemilyy 1) Your background pic is CRAZZYYYY.  2) My friend is amazing at color and she said my hair is too dark for any blonde. 
At the hospital. My grandpa doesn't look good.  sad day
Whoops, sorry to anyone trying to email me earlier today. My inbox was full but should now be empty 
@rhifreakx yes yes!  btw, when r u at the airport on friday? My plane's like at 5:00
@katied09 I sold it to a mad on cycling 15 year old little girl  warmed  My cockles it did =-)
I would twitpic it but my attackers are in the near vicinity. My view from the inside it's a bit dark  http://twitpic.com/2y72v
@mikeewth gaahaha (: around my house. My neighbors are nederlands and from germany and america! All bbules. She met a new &quot;guy&quot; dog 
@Schofe I know! My friend told me about this. Rather cool, thoughtful, and a very fun idea! 
@gailporter lol fab pressie. My little girl thinks they're hilarious 
I've been sneezing for 5 minutes straight! And not those wussy sneezes either. My whole face hurts. 
@DDrDark There: http://idzr.org/hzz4 stfu nao and buy me a mouse bish! My icawns on trackpad rawck! 
Heyyyy What's sup my Tweeples.... I hope all is well. My day started off rocky, but I feeling better by the minute... 
My father is visiting. He's got a new laptop now. My father's becoming a nerd. The world never stops surprising me 
Nothing like blueberry pancakes and sausage... My wife is awesome 
We won!! My brother has been busting some sweet shots. And his teammates totally pone too. 
Ugh, my eye is twitching. My muse is bringing me to write hopefully a beautiful romance novel between a man and a woman  What else?
@christinemv Too funny! My sons think I'm bonkers, but I get happy and kick up my heels. They really are use to my  painting antics! 
@studiorhoad No problem - I learned that lesson the hard way! My new motto: backup early, backup often, backup everything. 
Maybe I should be sleeping now.. My eyes are getting really tired.. I hope all of you are having a great day/night/evening/morning 
@Realvindiesel My friend jess had an idea that you should make a god of war movie based off the video game, and you play kratos 
I end up &quot;dog dialing&quot; sumtimes. What's dog dialing, u ask?My dogs will walk across my phone &amp; end up calling someone. aka &quot;dog dialing&quot;! 
is going to sleep, long day tomorrow. My son's 13th b-day!!!   football game, party, and grocery shopping!
What the....?!?!?  My road is steaming!  Wow...I really didn't know it had gotten THAT warm today!!!  whooo!!  
@pittkethley I love &quot;dropping acid&quot;  It makes the minerals look so nice with little effort. My Hanksite has to be scrubbed in brine=hassle
Unfortunately that 100 miles probably equals my total for 2009.  My advice to anyone out there: don't tear your calf.  
@MichelleKwong My kind opinion is: Better than the previous one. My honest opinion is: It still doesn't do justice to your profile. 
What a workout. I have to be careful as an inactive person getting back to fitness routine. My joints ain't what they used to be! 
Last rotation starts tomorrow: zoo and exotic animal medicine. My fave!  Should have exciting tales to tell of parrots, snakes, tigers...
Lol me and my brother are both banging to be ok on our i pods and didnt even know it  ! My bro loves cm but still not as much as me  !
@mirantsoa I can't live chat but I could email you? is that cool?  My mom's not really into the live thing. Just in case, ya know 
@anndouglas @yummymummyclub @fathomco re: fake tweets My enthusiasm isn't for sale + I only use exclamation marks when I really mean it! 
@mercurialblonde more great words for a song.next line. My hair is too long, my heart is too hurt, and I dont give a fuck about my health 
@mileycyrus same ! My mum gone on holiday with my brother and his wife , but I'm at college so I'm ok for now  , how are you doing? X
Sadness is looming... I wish this weekend never came to an end. My favorite #coachella ever 
@ForeverDwarf Yes, it's lovely! I love those on other people, but don't tend to wear them myself. My perfume smells of chocolate cake 
@MmmBaileys What, he didn't even say &quot;Tace!&quot; - latin folk ain't what they use to be. (yes I googled it! My latin is lousy!!  )
@brenda_song My older cousin loves you so much. Specially in suite life. 
Heading to has's place for homecooked dinner with the babes.. My monday shall end well afterall! 
http://twitpic.com/3ni1a - My hamster and rabbit playing out together in the sun 
I understand  You just gotta work on it! haha. chew gum when you feel like smoking. My dad was a big smoker so I know these things. lol.
@paigeiam OK, I just wasn't ready to show everybody yet! My hormone pills, really do seem to be doing the trick though! 
thinks that everything comes from inside. Reality is just consequence of interaction with external world. My allergy is proof 
@DeviKeshab Also place to meet hot flexible loving healthy women. My motions have been the silent fart and bite your tongue if hear fart 
http://twitpic.com/3pgix - summer summer loves summer. My butt is the corona 
http://twitpic.com/3pgiy - summer summer loves summer. My butt is the corona 
@veganboy I am partial to the wild mushroom with extra mushrooms.  My mouth waters just thinking about it. That thin crust is delicious.
I forgot to mention that seven of those goblins got caught in my cage traps.  My dwarves dealt with them by throwing them in a deep pit. 
- Anyone else on Dropshots? My id is katjrobertson  It's password protected tho, so u'll have 2 ask me. http://dropshots.com/katjrobertson
@BebeZed You still on the radio? I did community radio for a stint eons ago - was fun.  My mother thought I was certifiable though!
It was a beautiful day today, I love me some vitamin D baby. My mid-term went ok I think so that's good 
@rhea_ann I've actually done that before...lol. My hair looked like a sunburst guitar finish almost, except for the trashy blonde roots! 
@ingridmusic I'm a holder. My wife, unfortunately is an indie sleeper too. So I find myself holding my cat most nights. 
http://twitpic.com/4f1mf - My best friend and I before our soccer game 
@HoptonHouseBnB I don't know, posting food p0rn so early in the day! My mouth's watering.... 
We're not going by bus in the end. My aunt lends us her car 
I just got in not too long ago. I'm tired as all get out! My whole body aches so damn bad! Owwwie! 
I guess I'm not a young'un anymore. My lower back and right neck/shoulder hurt after having too much fun at a britney dress-up party 
@ABVan I tweeted that yesterday. My hear almost &quot;burnt&quot; from her hotness. 
@drewgetsitin ps not my man my man Lol.. My friend.. 
just got my computer table and set it up!!! looks sleek now B-) My home-office is ready and in action!!! now for a bath! 
4 hours of sleep and I'm ready to get movin again! hahaha My sleep schedule is already parallel to a celebs 
http://twitpic.com/4h3f1 - preparing snacks for my birthday paty. My wife sure knows I'm a linux type 
Sitting in a smallholding covered in dogs, drinking porter. My parents' hairy friend has just handed me a rune-carved anglosaxon axe. 
@DetroitSkye My son is 5 - It's weird to go from a 5 yr old to baby.  It's certainly a change!  All worth it though. 
alright, we're going to this bookstore  better than to be bored the whole day. My purse will cry, I feel it ;-)
@staycelina How was your night? My nose was stuck in my twilight  lol
It is such a great feeling to be truly loved! My little boy fell asleep in my arms last night as I read to him. It's been a good weekend 
@SteveSaenz oh, I'm doing fine, thx for asking. My tweets would consist of turned to my left, turned to my right - I'm missing work! You? 
@mstvfan Thanks, you too! The doing of chores is never as bad as the worry about not doing. My mind thinks well in the background too. 
I hate my job. My feet hurt, a lot of people don't know English, and my hair is nappy. I think I'm going to off myself 
http://twitpic.com/4ilhi - My baby cousin loves me 
http://tinyurl.com/cep3gh ~ My newest wallpaper. Just look at my twitter account for preview 
@Killaya My simplest one is a small flower, but it means so much because my daughter got the same one at the same time on her bday. 
@MisuzT I grew up with a mini long haired dachshund who had to be put down last yr ! My other dog is part dachshund. I love wiener dogs! 
@Beckycochrane @rendiru My gran used to wear lots because that was the only way she could smell it, and she loved her violets.  We dealt
@Roqayah My mom had my youngest brother when I was 15, my other brother was 11, sometimes life has other plans. 
LOL, girl just asked me how many &quot;number one&quot; girls I have. My answer was &quot;...&quot;Of course I only have one, right? I'm in good spirits 
at home ... chilling with my family.  My baby is teething so we are having fun with that 
10h of sleep and I still wanna crawl back to bed and dream on ;) My flowers are growing outside, I should relly go and water em too.. 
I skinned a cat today. My cat has a name. 
Getting my hair cut tomorrow or later today I should say...   excited. My swag is already on, jus turning it up!!
I sure do wish my mind could enter that box called &quot;nothing&quot; that men have.  My brain just won't go there... and it's exhausting.  
I wasn't sore yesterday. But i'm definitely feeling those hills now! My legs hurt all the way up to my booty. Its a good hurt 
Waking up after talking on the phone to my amazing friend all night long. My eyes and stomach are the only ones complaining. I love boy. 
I'm glad someone slept with me last night. My doggy  I would take a picture but I don't see my laptop.
is thinking about &quot;magnetism and spiritual equilibrium.&quot; My do you alcoholics have a way with words! 
@elliottng congrats! My wife would oppose live tweeting birth too I'm sure 
Just got home from a day of pampering and shopping!!!! My white outfit is now totally complete 
@Coodieranks Thats nice. My cousin just left my house. He has daughter's their all daddy's girls. So sweet 
@ReBeLR My day was cool, a lil twisted...  I won't spam twitter like I did last week tho.
I went to prom tonight.  My hair was cooler this time around...and I did it myself for free. 
http://twitpic.com/4wh0o - My mommys gummy mothers day posterrr! 
YAY! My temperature went down!  I can have dinner with the family tonight.
@kyan_onefm on air celebrating? ur mum is there? Not working la. Starbucks alone. My mum is in hometown. So had a delay till next week 
@TraciKnoppe I certainly hope the ear ache clears up soon. I hate ear aches. My mom's 15 hours away, so she will get a call after church. 
Watching man utd play city - currently reds are 1-0 up  . My wife (city fan) now watching it in the other room
(*deep breath*) ok, up n atom!!! 1/3 bottle if port left, cats fussed, hubby dozing n tweeps happy wif life. My deed is done, n now, bed 
It's mothers day and I am not one.  My birthday is tomorrow LOL 
@nastrus Was it a good birthday for you?  My mom seemed to have a good time.
@SaschaIllyvich  I responded to you. My view of the mess is a mixed bag. Lots of regrets and generally pissiness. 
Pretty uneventful day. Although I like my sundays to be lazy  My throat hurts a bit though... blech!
@EssenceATL My weekend just tecnically started this morning at 7am when i got off work. 
I want a new book to read. My son's teacher says I should check on books about how to raise a gifted child. but will it entertain? 
All is fine down here @sudhamshu. My day totally seems incomplete without Tweets these days. 
@BobbyBroad I introduced myself to someone like that today  I got a chuckle out of it. My boss looked horrified.
http://twitpic.com/55g35 My other life as a burlesque show stage hand 
had a rough day today. My violin teacher actually pissed with my playing today. I think she'll go crazy anytime. lol. let her. 
had my first guitar lesson today. My teacher is Amerian - i love his accent! My fingers hurt but it was fun 
@nuyorican718 yes mama do that. My best friend's 21st is next week 
@MSaraaa My son is having 2 slices of organic salt-free sprouted whole wheat bread with raspberry spread and he is drinking goat's milk.  
So. I just got back from the hospital! My uncle's doing a LOT better!! Now. Getting ready to go to an event!!! woohoo!! 
@misscalico industry gloves $10 at a thrief. My favorite find to date. They scare the shit out of people 
@wyclef &quot;My swag&quot;  and a glass of wine please 
@jpcloninger Thanks a lot for spreading the word. My coworker @jroseo has been very kind to house them in her bathroom in the meanwhile. 
@PatrickTulskie LOL just remembered. My niece(3yrs old) calls orange &quot;NUMM!&quot; LOL 
WOW! What a night of douches. My own prince charming made it better with his secret tho 
@unaffected lol! nice recovery.  My formula obviously isn't working for me so I'm done with it. It's time for me to expand my horizons.
ups. Am scris articol ce va fi publicat intr-o revista si scrisesem ca vreau link pe &quot;bookblog.ro&quot; ) My bad 
watching movie deep impact , downloading  &quot;My super ex girlfriend&quot; 
@carman63 LOL, none. My dad doesn't send those. They're all short, one or two liners. If he were a texter, he'd text them. 
Just took a nice but short walk around the hood. My bf is not the biggest fan of working out. I will fix that 
A little bit better. My sister went home happier then she came   I really hope she is going to be okay.. I'm praying for her
In a non-violent manner of course.  My dad could've solved this days ago since we have the artillery to do so.
I've been far away When I see your face My hearts burst into fire! Hearts burst into fire!  i like this song  bullet for my valentine 
@darrynstorm deviantart.   My day was not too bad though i had work and uni work to do but oh well. yours?
@takgoti Me, me! My place is barren! I will pay you in hot pot dinner and drinks from my home bar? 
http://twitpic.com/5di22 - My new shoes. So lovely &amp; comfy!  It was a tough decision between these and the brown, aqua and white ones. ...
Finally home, catchin up on stuff and organizing my new apartment. My parents are going to meet my new boyfriend tonight. 
@Sharontweet My husband was in the blues and royals and my son the coldstream guards.It's great to see them at trooping the colour 
@dannygokey have a great day too!! My husband and I think you are a great dancer and are looking forward to seeing you again this week! 
@RockNJava My daughter's mother in law attends Alive. My granddaughter was a sunday school today. 
@wloveaffection lol...good luck.  My little guy stresses me out...but I wouldn't change it for anything 
I am so happy that I took the &quot;plunge&quot; and made the move!  My new place is so much better 
It's 1:39 am and I'm home. My changed the kitchen around, I hope I'm in the right apartment. 
I am tired as hell! My family wore me out, but I could not have asked for a better day. 
We just had a nice family dinner  It is my mums birthday today! I love her. My grandparents are coming over later for cake and presents 
ahh, the bus station. My second home...  i'm happy today, dunno why, this is unusual. X
Oh ya, yesterday was Yuffi's birthday.  My lil' brother turned 3. 
@khrisu hahaha ... am i? My mind is rolling, thankfully gathering no moss 
@heididarling lol. My phone was off... A girl has to get sleep before a work day  So what did I miss? #lostarg
Aaaaahhhh   My spacebar is very silly and is stuck. Spanish lessons are very nice. Lol. What a cool post. I'm gonna use all 140. 9 7 5 3 !
@prateek_agwl haaa...! My soul was too busy then to come up with something stupid to say. 
Working, It is wayyy too early in the morning! haha My love returns today! Yayy  haha
@DianeDaughtry I had a very good night. My neighbors are quiet  you'll have to make a trip down here one day this summer!
@VedasBeads, awww, that's adorable! My husband I do that too (also with TV quotes), it helps to create that special &quot;family&quot; language 
@MarkHeartofBiz Wow--amazing to think your boys are mobile! My oldest began climbing everything in sight almost as soon as he could crawl 
@_beck_ I love it! My current favourite  You get the chewiness of tapioca pearls, with the kick of coffee 
@zoenavarre Something like that.  My brother used to have Chameleons, which is kinda the same thing except they would disappear a lot. 
@jtimberlake hi, apparently we're sorta related. My dad's cousin's daughter is married to your dad's cousin .... so g'day cuz   lol
@type247 so true. My boss lets me wear writing pants and sheep slippers! 
I need 2 go now. My best friend is having a little baby. And the brother is crazy. aaah :O But I love him anyway. That little monster  xox
::does epic dance of happy:: My time for the 10K last night was 00:56:03 beating my previous personal best by 3 minutes and 15 seconds 
@TheBigSwitchIRL My guess is 23 but there's overlap in the last two shots in the ad so it's kinda hard. 
That was the most awesome pie I've ever eaten. My mother is a genius. 
Yay! My blog is one year old! Special birthday edition is up: http://tinyurl.com/olvs97 
I'm up and ready for my day! The suns out and my smile is shining  My favz @ForeverKeesh n @FeFeBel are on their way to thee 617, finally
Last night I cut myself being a good guy and picking up a broken bottle. My favorite ladies came to my aid 
@angeleyes4914 you're right. I'm working to post a video that shows some of the shoes. My fingers are crossed I get to take a pair home 
@DJIronik My sisters going up to see you with her mates - shes a great fan as i am 
It's gonna be a good day! My hair looks sweet and I'm going to teach the class about the sharks so that they'll want to save them too! 
My friend is currently watching owl city. My life sucks. At least i got a picture. 
http://twitpic.com/61djw - If this isn't the cutest thing every then I don't know what is! My dog sound asleep on his bed 
@queenbmakeup That's freaking gorgeous!  My favorite of yours- simple but elegant  lovin' the liner on bottom
@RealVidaGuerra hey!!  My bday is coming up and it would be a pleasure to have you as a guest...support a fellow cuban!
@may_gun Yay! My plans for world domination (b thro z) are safe! Thanks for the link - I'm glad they took precautions 2 protect the noobs 
Never found a better way to dodge a cold than a super-hit of ginger, chili and garlic. Works every time. My nose feels like a highway 
Trueblood tonight. My favourite. All these morbid vampire bloody murderous, insane plots. My kinda messed up thing 
@AaL17 Aw, bummer! But at least you can re-watch it  My net disconnected 4 times  I got angry and swore 
@ashleyxtellez  what is it? My phone just asked me if I wanted to use it and I was like &quot;ummmmm..... Yes&quot; haha
I got my makeups, yaaaaay! My package wasn't supposed to be here until tomorrow, good thing I checked... it was sitting on the porch! 
@foogirl  have a good time with non-cranky hubby!!  My hubby would have yanked my crackberry away by now! 
@loganzweb seeing you are in dundonald anyway how about a twitter freebie? My back garden is a freaking disgrace 
@misspearlygates Sailormoon is seriously amazing! &lt;3 My friends and I are thinking of re-watching the Japanese live action one soon. 
BONES &lt;3 My heart beats for you  What an awesome show what would i do without it!
@darrylwg My name stirs up homophobia, which is a losing issue for the #gop. My attitude stirs up other things that also hurt  #tcot
@iamedic80 I think of it as having many life times other wise My life might not look that great to most ppl  To me I'm blessed
Morning all! My #ff's won't be up to scratch today cos on hols with just my iPhone. Apols in advance, promise to make up for it nxt week 
