Most common words for this cluster:
[('my', 3499), ('today', 233), ('day', 225), ('quot', 196), ('http', 167), ('hurts', 164), ('time', 151), ('com', 138), ('home', 133), ('mom', 130), ('amp', 129), ('i', 128)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'My', 0.9294403791427612), (u'my', 0.7336361408233643), (u'Your', 0.7263947129249573), (u'Her', 0.6322110295295715), (u'Username_Password_Remember', 0.6293715834617615), (u'Whose', 0.6256421804428101), (u'Alright_alright', 0.6170997023582458), (u'His', 0.6076828241348267), (u'become_SURROGATE_MOTHER', 0.6067273020744324), (u'Our', 0.6060371398925781)]





@januarycrimson Sorry, babe!!  My fam annoys me too. Thankfully, they're asleep right now. Muahaha. *evil laugh*
I miss you twitter. My phone broke, now I'm using a stupid Nokia phone. Ughhh, I miss my advance phone. 
@labelsnotlove   my home town. My mammy called all depressd.  Pls explain y a parent let their 8yr old child walk alone? Hello? Its 2009!
@Jeffree_Star Jeffree! How do you keep your hair one color? My PERMANENT dye fades within the week 
I am officially banning godaddy.com from my comp. My head hurts from the small print AND I wasted $10 that could've happily gone to Boba 
@M4RKM  You stuck in traffic then? My journey was traffic free this morning, if it's any help.
@SimoneKali Get me an autograph and shout out! You have to record it though. My computer is dead so I can't listen. 
My compassion to the people in italy! My mother is calling with our relatives in Italy right now  
@LRon_Jaii LMAOOO mornin baybeeee. Don't lie?! A peaceful journey?! My train is straight boring  not even a hooded teef in sight.
Longing to own a sewing machine! My Birthday is too far away! 
Arghh! My hands are itchy!! Could it be that on top of my 'alergy' to beef, I also cannot eat chicken no more?? 
Guess what? My Dad is PREGNANT!!! lol nah, the doctor does have to give him an epidural for his chronic back pain, though. 
Gawd! My laptop is fucked up now! System Error?! Just using my Lil brother's laptop. 
wakey Wakey, I'm bored '.' My dog is annoying  He weights 20 pounds and doesn't want to come off of my knees
Ewww cookies and cola dont mix well together...My tummy hurts now 
@KankzXD My headphones died  I miss them. Earphones are just not good enough!
Who gets up at 6am?!  My teacher wife   And me apparently to work on StatEasy's AlphaLabs application!  Woot!
I feel like DEATH.  My throat hurts.
@DG_MMK - When would he have rolled me? My Twitter was seriously fucked up last night 
Okay, Mother Nature, you win. My winter jacket is back on today. 
@Myd myschooolfthought - no work  My browser says something in Arabic thats waaaayyyy beyond me. Ah well! You still with Google?
@lhirlimann yeah, I know... but I've also been put on a &quot;make this guy suffer&quot; list my Google. My web access is also painfully slow 
Not impressed with my banana! My plant that is. Put it out for the nice weather only to see it wilt  
Baby girl fed, breakfast done, now working on coffee for 2nd day back-to-work. My muscles are very achy 
@michaelgrainger lol. poor thing. I'm ok. On the phone at the mo. My best friends mum is in hospital  Just found out. She's stable now
Ow.  My leg hurts today.  
is sick. Bring him soup. And hugs please  My man cold is extreme!
Laundry. Lonely. Very bruised up from My drunken week. In a gloomy mood. 
I still have major belly itch. Bummer. Dagger is getting a haircut tomorrow. It's cold in my apartyment. My toilet won't stop running 
Fuck. My capo is gone. 
Pray for my family in Minnesota. My uncle is not doing well and will be passing soon. 
I'm dyingggg. My kid has a taser inside of my uterus or something!! Ouchie.  I now understand what most mommas call &quot;Lightening Crotch&quot;...
beddies now. Nighty night. My head hurts 
I must be feeling a bit better today! My sense of humour is in full on &quot;strange&quot; mode. Energy still low, but I'm trying! Wife is now sick 
Do you want your possessions identified? No I'm still only on Level 1!!???! My Nethack Mojo has well and truly gone missing 
@hhertzof Ah. Ick. My sympathies. 
Awake. Feeling a little bleh. My head is very stuffed from this head cold 
@PaulaBrett LMAO did you learn that the hard way? My pig cant sing very well 
Uhm i feel so akward. My fatty arms are out 
WOW! My poor dog is covered in fleas, &amp; I even found a tick on her  Why did my mom have to take her to my grampa's infested house?!!
@azuretan Aye it did. My arms still hurt when I put on my shoes or backpack. I still can't fully stretch/bend my arms. 
ate two masala dosas back-to-back..My tongue cant resist another but my Tummy cant persist another 
@Tifferz1517 My mom is making me go because my Brother wants to see his grandma. I dont even like her than much 
@MissSididdy Great Answer!!! No E-Cheating 2night okay babe? ;) My heart can't handle u making another man hard on twitter  LOL!
It's Sat.. My day off. And I don't know what I want to do.. I'm so board! 
Bitter sweet milestone: My son's 9th birthday today!...And the first time I didn't get to invite my friends. 
&quot;@wondertwin -  Well if you get one before Saturday you should go. My roundtrip tickets were less than $100
@dirkjohnson Heh. My most exciting assignment, currently, is a twenty minute presentation about monism in Hinduism. The rest are tests. 
my house! Yey! My bed! Yey! My laundry! not so happy about that 
sat at my PC now. Wondering what to do, Any ideas. My eyes are stinging 
@danahasojd yay im part of the internet sensation!---My eye is very Pink 
Argh! As a geek this makes me cry inside - My uncle runs Windows 98 and whenever his camera card is full he buys another. 
Worst day EVER!!! My legs hurt. I shouldve work those insoles when I was a kidd. now its too late and I have penguin feet 
 cant come. My jet  not available on  THURSDAY.
Sad. My sister's dog Roscoe died.  i loved that guy...
I just wish i was with kate and nea.   Fuck. My eyes are so red i look high.
@davedays Absolutly nothing! My last night bascially of Spring Break 
Well, damn...  What a disappointing fight.  My Ice Man lost.  
Happy to be back in Orlando. My head hurts from falling off a horse 
Cell phone is dead! My life is so hard. 
@SashaKane Hi Honey!  Your tomato plant died?  wah! LOL That's why I love organic produce at Whole Foods LOL
@vickycornell I had tix to both Ny shows but had to miss them. My daughter was just diag w/ Hodgkins. 95% curable, still sucks tho 
I cannot believe, after six years, Wilmington still feels like home to me. My family there agrees. They didn't want me to leave 
Wish I hadn't missed Since You Walked into My Life earlier   Kicks myself
@jannarden damn those TIAs. My Gramps had them for years. I hope your dad is okay. 
Doctor said I'll fee like shit for 4 more weeks. I'm tired of this crap! My throat hurts so bad!   Someone make me feel better. Pllleaase?
@Yummy_Flaquito that's awesome! My dad sent manuel n teresa to buy him a dq ice cream cake as I was leaving so I missed it 
@tallin32 We just finished SP2 for XP rollout within the last year or so. My company is *so* slow to adopt new software. 
Cleaning my room/packing but UGG! My ankle is KILLING me 
Uggh, i feel like i&quot;m getting sick. My throat feel soar.... 
http://twitpic.com/3l3m2 - My Bruised Arm 
@Gabitron91 My partner bought it and he told me that it was more full on than Meet Your Meat and Chew On This...so I haven't watched it. 
Met my brother's family at the airport earlier. My niece is as cute as ever. Only she was tired and cranky from the flight. 
Hurray! My first porn actress follower! Bonus! Although somehow I don't think she was interested in friendship. /block 
Can't seem to sleep....  My bed is big and empty MOTHER FUCKER
@wendyorr Peanut Butter and Honey sandwhiches are quite good. My youngest son loves them! My oldest however is allergic to peanuts 
@WAHMBizbuilder Um. My car alarm broke. On the ferry on a river. At 11 pm. I couldn't get the car started and now have to get it towed. 
@KimKardashian Poor Kim!  My advice for you: Use cooled Aloe vera creme, it helps against the pain.
Really like the new Mercedes E-class. My new dream car!  Really miss my old C-class.. 
In Hawaii. \o/. My YM wont sign in /o\ @LITTLEWINDMILL , can i get the misfits shirt?  I kinda want it.
To quote The Chemical Brothers. &quot;The time has come to push the button. My finger is on the button.&quot; Of the heater that is 
Trying to trade my laptop for the TV. My son and Cbeebies win. Have to watch #f1 online then 
Up and starting the final day of school vacation week. My To Do list is still HUGE 
sun at last - decking is cleaned! Must go out &amp; plant more plants that will be slug fodder. My little baby cosmos succumbed to evil slugs 
is thinking yet another gp marred by heavy rain  Whose daft idea was it to have races in malaysia and shanghai at this time of year?
Neurofen.......i will do anything for neurofen right now. My head is guna fall of my shoulders. Reminder to myself: no more drinking 
@LITTLEWINDMILL Whose funeral? 
Argh. School is starting. My holidays only just started!!! 
@laurzzzz Well. I had to get up at 12. My mumma woke me up. 
Why is it that Virgin Mobile don't have more appealing handsets? My contract is almost up and i want a sexy phone 
Gotta love working 7 days a week..... Bright side..... At least I have a job.. My favorite morning show doesn't. 
yeah okay it's been like 10 years since i've been on here... getting ready to move to SC! My txt setup doesn't work 
@jtrumpio JEALOUS!  My coffee maker was dirty from yesterday...so I didn't get my fix. 
Grr. My hair is too short 
We bought Wii Fit today. My wii age is 8 yes less than real! Not so complementary about my bmi though 
Wondering why I didn't buy a netbook for my 2 week road trip.     My 17 inch Compaq is somewhat unwieldy ....hoping for in-flight WiFi!
DANG. My battery died so we had to move inside, and I lost what I'd been working on. Failure 
Home sweet home... Thank God. My brother picked me up this morning to go to Groningen, we ended up next to the highway with 160 km/h. :S 
@heatherbookman haha My mom never had that stuff when I was little and then I just never tried it. If it has HFCS I will have to pass. 
@savorsoap Omg I couldn't click fast enough.  My cart became empty when I checked out. 
@jAzMiNeReNee I miss u love-no homo!!! man we r missing all the ATL fun!!!  i can't wait to get back. Ru having fun&gt;? My trip has been a
Sad. My handphone is dying soon. I need a new phone badly! 
A light breakfast before I head to the gym... My lovely camera no longer works - upsetting both professional and HNT plans 
today is the same like the days before. Tired and all sleepy! My best friend still do not call. I miss her but she too busy to bore her 
Also... Any suggestions on a well priced, good quality hair straightener? My old VS is dying 
FUCK!!! My I-pod doesn't work anymore!!! fuck fuck fuck!!! i feel like crying now 
Trying to fight off my support bandage so I can shower. My fankle is hurties. Ow 
My throat is killing me. My meeting is dragging. My colleague told me HFM is around. Am i a carrier? Hope not. Else my poor kids 
Iam Sad I ForGot My PassWold For My Other Account 
@enki09 My iPhone pulled me out of the muck.  My Tomtom is in another state 
New Koss headphones make my ears hurt   My ears aren't shaped the way Koss would like it seems and I can't get a good fit
12:20. Online at school. My classmate is a creepy fucking stalker, I hate him 
Hopefully Ra will convince Nut to make it stop raining.  My backyard is a mud pit and I have to park in a lake 
Damn...can't get on the community, My sis is still logged in!  x
I wanna put their song on here but I cant!  Scary 80's rock music! My uncles old band!
Owww. My tongue hurts 
@JGaribaldi My phone can't take or send SMS apparently, I have to get it checked soon 
home again today and stuck in my zero gravity chair. Sciatica is the worst pain EVER! My back and leg is killing me 
@mordecai My first camera was #Lomo! My li'l bro spoiled it - still nostalgic 
Gah. My testing centre have gone out of business so now I've had to reschedule my exam. Wasted study leave 
Morning all! My MD fam we see rain yet again 
On the way to Uni to do a v last minute experiment. My dissertation is going to be terrible 
at school.. very sick today!!! Damn!!!! My nose is running like a tap 
@failurebydsgn Ok.  My bad. 
@Stxrbright WHOA girl! My collection totally fails compared to that.  I have like 9...
So DUMB! My hotel room faces the Clift Hotel and didn't know there was a flippin #adtech party! 
@dajve Hehe hey hey! This is far too early.. and I don't like it!  My eyes are malfunctioning haha *waves back* xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Damn man. I don't take bad news well at all, and the shit wasn't even that bad. But my dog is like my best friend yall. I &lt;3 My Snoop. 
@NoSlickRemarks I just listen to My Life is Like A movie.  I think jimmy had that dude killed 
@nick_carter Oh I missed it!! My workings of the time zones failed me 
Help!! My heAdache is so bad I want to cry. I think it's from cleaning n breathing in all that cleaning product fume..  urghhhhhh
@CannonGod My Hay Fever is awful already. Nipping into the village later and get myself some Piriton. 
@LadyCruella Oh dear, poor you  My mummy has trouble with spinning rooms too. She nearly fell on me at the weekend!
Urg. Bored. My poor computer froze 
@slideshare it is weird that you change your user's display name in Title Case on the profile page  My Co name gets all spoiled...
Awake.  Getting ready for work and being tired.  My stomach is feeling a bit better, but it still hurts quite a bit.  
Just got off of a hard days work. My feet hurt so bad from standing all day! Oh well, i have 2 do the exact same thing 2morrow 
Tired now.  My heart hurts.    Lord be with the broken hearted and give them hope for tomorrow.
Ummmmm....waiting on a phone call! Still nothing...don't know what's going on? My mom and sis dont want to talk to me! 
Oh no! My battery is dying. No more twitting.  Just kidding. Too bad, so sad.
Just flashed my torch under my desk to try and find this damn mozzie, only to find whirlpools of hair! Gross. My legs are itchy. 
Spent most of the day in bed. My back feels better, but Ive been super tired from the meds 
@PIKASTARRR Naw but I want a nice one. My sister fucked hers up.  unfit whore photographer.
Handicap was incredibly hard.  100km.  My group stayed away from the chasers for 2.5 of 3 laps but then got swallowed.  Cramped again 
@janine_j9 @abigaeLettuce @mia_queen  My Myspace is very lonely. It's about to cry  see for yourself...lol
dang niblets!  My nose is sore from all that sneezing and blowing.  And it still ain't over with!  Enough already! 
@poponthepop Girl, you may need to reset your feed. My idiot feed went down for a week before I noticed, I logged in and reset everything 
Oh that reminds me I had a weird dream last night! My Mom had to wake me up though  lol well goodnight!
@pizzametsalami warm Bavaria  The fridge couldnt keep up. Great evening but shitty beer. My head says 'round, round, baby round round' atm
@AerithG7 My World of Warcraft guild is a low-med Rping, Instance, and leveling guild. Its still a small guild. 
Dealt with email that had me frustrated yesterday. My mistake, but caused trouble with customer...  I hope they hire me again...
Um k.. this is NOT Close My Eyes.. this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but I &lt;3 it anyway.. 
Even better news to hear after working a 15 hour day... My hot water heater peaced it... Cold showers for me in the morning 
My little china duckie dish that I've had since I was a baby just fell off the shelf and smashed  Woe.: My little china duckie dish tha..
Oh crap I feel so sick  My throat is killing me.. and the kids said &quot;Mom, you sound like dad&quot; ...
Argh so bored! My Internet has been really bad recently!   Anyone think of what I could do today? xo
tony we had on here in Istanbul yesterday too My wife felt it but I didn't  strange but I miss them @tonyhawk earthquake!
@SuperwomanAK Dang AK! Guess my 3 ?s wasn't good enuf  Going bk 2 sleep. My eyes are mad they're open, LOL! I'll try again next time.
@SineadGrainger yup, fill me in later. Yeah, sore tummyy  I ache too, it think it was all that shaking haha. My feet feel SO weird :|
Am not having a good day so far  My almost 3 yr old is in a real whingy mood really need some time on my own but have noone to help 
Just reinstalled OS X. My lappy didn't need it, but I did. I just can't bring myself to delete anything 
@yxy876 Sigh... i really, really hate putting cream on my ulcer  My dad used to want me to brush my ulcer with the toothbrush &amp; some salt
@MrPointyHead Unlucky on the back injury  For irony: My Mum damaged her knee on a health and safety training course! Had to laugh :p
@JuliaRosien Hey you!! You were not alone!! I was so out the loop  ... My peeps were here holding it down though!!! Love em!
Ran 3 miles in 51 mins and felt injured. My back!    I ran 2 miles with 2 very short walk-breaks.... and I mean short.  By the end of  ...
Hurt My finger at netball today. now its really big and sore... i think its turning purple 
@crispredtan Um k.. this is NOT Close My Eyes.. this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but I &lt;3 it anyway.. 
Home alone on a Sat night. My sister is out drinking and I'm at home  I'm a loser
waiting for NRMA......My car won't start 
NBKinesiology: waiting for NRMA......My car won't start 
Good morning, tweeters. My laptop is back @ the apple store. Hopeully I can go get it today. I miss it... 
@Prinia  &gt; not good about yr phone  My Aunty's fave flower is lilac &gt; she would be jealous!!!! Sounds beautiful. Get pics!!!!!!
feels like that work wasn't good.  Cardio + abs as per week two.. but it just felt wrong.  My limbs were so heavy by the third set. 
Eaten at mcdonald's ! My tummy is full of calories! 
@acidflask @dorothyho My registered address is in Tanjong Pagar constituency so still unable to vote!  Have NEVER voted in SG, only in HK
@SexilousSher I'm like cosonya let's go by the pool and swim...today is nice. My gurl is like HELL NAWW 
I'm EXHAUSTED...It's weird because I finally fell asleep last night and slept but I feel sooo tired. My eyes feel heavy and I feel dizzy 
@missmotorcade He's attending w/client. My twitter life may be severely cut off next week bc of new listings.  The surge is here. How RU?
NO WATER! AGAIN!  My dad is too stubborn to call a plumber, wants to fix himself...which didn't work last time.  I'm gonna die!
http://twitpic.com/4erax - My baby G-Class 320 is for sale 
Leaving for bowling. Busy day Jacobs going to prom 2day. My babies are all growing up. 
Been shopping in Preston all day! My dad won't let me have any wedges  ! My brother is away on camp! YAY!!
Nooooo! My fav celeb couple may be donezo. I heart Kelis so this makes me sad...  
Nooooooooo! My iPhone's screen won't turn on. Sounds like I'm receiving text messages, but nothing's working 
My husband &amp; I noticed that the fortune cookies at Lotus Vegetarian are not vegan.  My husband is rather upset over this 
@ML4NKOTB That's interesting. My allergies seem to be fine when it's hot/humid.  There are times when I don't have a sense of smell.
Sigh.  My morning started out just perfect, with a long email from the arsehole I've replaced, calling me an incompetant fraud.  
@IAMRIKO Awww how sweet... And Aye, wait a min now! Men are not spic and span now either! Lol! My flaw: I'm a spoiled brat 
@MattWRoberts I had a photoshoot today. My flight back home is tomorrow morning though  Not enough time here at all 
Ow. Have just done an hour of full on pointe work. My big toes are raw. 
no Budget Boutique today   My Caturday ritual has been disrupted...but some good advances on the fixing up of the bedroom so kewl
I'm on my way home my sweet @vickycornell. My battery is almost dead. Are you twittering away? No email from you? 
Ahhhhh! My throat is on fire and my body is a little sore... Guess I should go to the doctor soon 
@oddball_bt possibly the most surprising tweet ever - thanks! Its BT broadband, could you? My profile hasn't been changed - 
Have a whopping cold sore on my top lip  and it is sore. My lips feel like they are on fire....
@NathanaelB They do look like fun drives. At least a MINI wasn't blown up in the movie. My Subaru heart was sobbing 
@sandrahbee did u save the cute cartoon-ey versions of the My Favorite Barbie banners they had @ bc.com? Can't find 'em anymore! 
Finally homeski. My throat is sore from screaming at the TVs 
Booooo! My burn on my hand is hurting right now 
@Gersing Hydroxycut.... My friend was really worrying about it.. 
Allergy season sucks!!!!!!! My nose is swelling up like a balloon 
Sorting Out My Room 
What a day for rain! My son's family flying in from Vegas @ noon. Not good when the mother is scared of flying.  
I'm so cold. Possibly have a fever. My heart hurts. 
Happy sunday! I'm heading to work... My bus is jam packed  where the hell these ppl going today?
Worked till too late, up again to pack and go bowl more. My left shoulder hurts, this makes no sense.  Forgot our chargers, phones dead. 
@peterjohnston - Done that, haha. I smell of holiday! My skin, however, is not so happy and has an angry shade of pink/red to it 
Sad news, our baby bird died this morning.  My son is heartbroken.  
Hm, I have been banned due to infractions at Digital Point Forum. My first ban ever  However I think I hadn't do anything bad 
@offmessage GeekDad question: can you fit 3 isofixen seats across your car? Just been trying to cram 3x in a saab. My bus is knackered 
I don't feel like doing hw.... It's Ickyyyy!  On the bright side, I finally learn My Heart! Yaya!
eurgh its already half 4 and 1) I'm really tired 2) I havent done an ounce of work. STILL. 3) I'm freezing and 4) My brain is going nuts 
@glitterpants Yeah I know, it's just awful...  My heart aches for him.
@JasmynElizabeth My phone was dead after 10 pm. Did you try calling? I don't have your new number. 
Ok, nevemind. My computer is far too old to support L4D. 
@emzyjonas Snuggles aww thats so cute xDD. yea same. My cat pesters me to get it food then it never eats it all  .
Urgh. My crane 'project' has been put on hold for now. Won't have the time to finish them until later. I haven't even finished half it. 
@S_Dierwechter Have a great weekend!  My weekend is over, roll call at 2300.  
SO sick today..  I have the flu..  not the swine variety, just the regular PITA variety..    My G/F is coming to take care of me!
picked a fight with my mom at breakfast. *sigh* See? My parents don't listen..  My life is a mess. FML. http://plurk.com/p/rmbde
@dogandmusicluvr that sucks!  None of the streets we've been on are but most of the fields are. My backyard is. 
@anyamarina Saw you at U of I last night. My northface got stolen last night along with my camera with videos or you and jason... 
OH: picked a fight with my mom at breakfast. *sigh* See? My parents don't listen..  My life is a mess. FML... http://tinyurl.com/ca8b86
@RoOnDemand My cousin has been working for the Globe for over 18 years!!! Don't know what he's gonna do!!! 
BLah! I want school to be over and summer to come! Ugh, off to do some stupid math homework! My life freaking sucks without love! 
@eeshkapeesh oh. :/ well... Crap. My sympathetic ear is lame again. 
OMFG I keep biting my cheek or scratching my gums. My mouth is so messed up and it hurts to eat 
@janeson59 Sorry to hear that.  My condolences.
Played a concert this afternoon. My allergy meds made my mouth all dry. 
http://twitpic.com/4j2kf - My C playin drums to &quot;Hunger Strike&quot; sorry its a little blurry  but he's the cutest thing ever!
Hello twitterworld, im back! My phone was dead  fucking amazing day &lt;3 shower &amp; then sleep. pictures &amp; info tomorrow!!
@dinomite Rhapsody doesn't have this yet. My love for rhapsody drops every time it fails to have music that I want 
@sloanb all's fine in Dotsisx-land  Lab, lab, lab. Some blogging, some sleep, some food. My ankle is hurting though now 
@AdrianneCurry My friend got a house from Extreme Makeover...ever since then I am jaded...the show isn't what it appears to be 
Strawberry breakfast was interesting. I'm wide awake at one am, which is good I guess because I should be reading. My knee hurts, though. 
Trying to sing Someday by Nickleback good song My birthday is Saturday ill be 19 say good bye to 18  my age was becoming my best friend !
Gosh, I can never imagine losing part of my family. My heart goes out to the Cook family right now 
Carriage D6109 from city to Bondi, really annoying high pitch noise. #cityrail is that a &quot;feature&quot; of the new trains? My head hurts 
Yuh-uhluh! I kept yawning and just dropped my head and sleep for like 3 seconds. My jaw is painful too  I want my @maharis !
Lame. My mom is watching her korean dramas. 
@Jewelsmyfav it was good as usual @chillspotatl Chef is a great guy . Yea sleep pattern messed up baddddd . My body hurtin already 
Hi all! My bro decided to clean the computer while I was at work. Mouse and keyboard not working. Might be out of the 'office' for a bit. 
Don't really wanna go home yet, but only 19 days left.. My baby @carnesen will be all alone for over a month 
Low carb diet is a go. Hopefully that means about 6 weeks till surgery if all goes well. My tummy isn't too thrilled tho 
Typical bank holiday weather: Rainy and cool. My planned motorcycle ride will have to be substituted with pulling up weeds in the garden 
Typical bank holiday weather: Rainy and cool. My planned motorcycle ride will have to be substituted for pulling up weeds in the garden 
@Gaz50 - been a while since I heard this one. My recordplayer is so dead  ? http://blip.fm/~5jg54
@onlyobsessed Well, maybe. I wouldn't know. My computer is dead, therefore i can't read #picturesforsadchildren  now i am a sad child.
Oww! My sister kicked me in the nose 
@LizUK Nope.  My ancestors are from Brazil.  But I will get there, come hell or global warming! 
Got To Tidy My Room First Though 
SOOOOO BORED!!!!  Waiting for my sister and niece to come to my house. My mum is also ill so im even more bored!!!  I need Cheering up.xxx
im bored and ill  but i was planning on staying in all day  My Next door neighbor is listening to N'Dubz. I hate them too!!
Just Got My Hair Cut 
Damn! My heavy hands broke my mini tripod.  argghh  http://twitpic.com/4jiom
@tommytrc I don't think I can be a travel guide.  But, it was all good! Sat outside for lunch yesterday. My nieces love it there...
An hour and a half into the corporate conference call. . . My brain is OFFICIALLY numb now. 
Saddened that a Cowboys staffer now faces life paralyzed. My prayers go out to that man and his family 
Bummed out... My sweetie informed me that this weeks road trip had to be rescheduled  
I installed Win 7 RC 64-bit last night. My comp doesn't like it.  I think it's the processor. I'll be installing the 32-bit vers instead. 
morning! i wanna watch My Bloody Valentine! But, it's 3D, means ticket's price is expensive 
Did y'all hear bout Yao?!? My heart is breaking!!! 
Omg...I think my eyes r goin 2 burst from there sockets n my head split in 2!!! My head hurts so bad im nauseated  I hope sleep helps!!!
@lauren_rawr It's 65   My subscription ends May 15th. Noooooo! I need money :'(
@esoterismo Oooh...I need a big favor. Can you point me to some hot Brazilian music for my DJ set on Thursdays. My library is a lil thin 
Manual labor is not for me. My hands have blisters on them from shoveling in the yard 
I'm going to be at work for another hour. A nearly fifteen hour work day. My piece of Shit boss let an 8 top in at five after close.  
I have sore eyes.  My eyes are all red and icky. Bleh. :|
has just been to Melbourne Museum.  My old dinosaur exhibition's gone, but my evolution gallery is still there, just hidden away 
Going to sleep fo realz this time.  Goodnight.  My side hurts  i was just laying all twisted weird. Ouch
@hersheykiss_14 got a tune up on the car. And then nothing. I been chillin. My mom went home to Houston without me 
Owww. My shoulders hurt from working 
I hurt my shoulder in a Rugby match and now my back really hurts.  AND I'm getting toe surgery soon. My body takes a lot of abuse. lol
Damn. My q,a, and alt button aren't working too hotly on my freshly replaced BB 
@edenriegel No.  My cousin graduated from college. We ended up going &amp; eating w/ the fam. Definitely this week. It's all good though.
@mommyinpink oh, I love babies ;-)  My youngest is 11 months.  Bummer you are still sore though 
Random fact about me: my outfits cost more than my car. My watch costs more than my car. That's sad. 
OH NO! =O My MP3 is about to die.  And I still have like a 30 minute ride. -.- Drats. xP
Ahhh My Neck Hurts 
Saw the end of SNL with @jtimberlake. He's just amazing. My nephew is sick. 
OH NO! ! Just Dropped My phone In The S!Nk!  NOOO!
@shaktijs @renu19 QUIET the two of you  My cupcake tins won't even fit in the oven, the darned tray is too big  *sobs inconsolably*
@OliviaBeee h8 h8 h8 u. My mom Makes shit like that but she lives in Minnesota 
Today is just awful  My Skin was Un-Featured  I am so depressed, I really want to go out and do something fun 
Damn. My hair is ridiculously bad  time for a change I think..
Leavin da club! My feet hurt  lol
Being good on a Saturday night-just reporting, not out partying and what do I get? My window to my room smashed, my house broken into FML 
@zinziii join the club. My back's still in spasm and dunno how I did it. Waiting for painkillers to kick in before I start moving round 
Ack. My throat feels awful, like I've been force-fed a grater. 
Omg. My roof is leaking! Means my beds in the middle of my room. 
Tripped twice at work today, the second time with a food cart carrier landing on me. My lower back and side are sore 
So Sick  My Head hurts.. and my throat... and.. well, just everything. :'(
Just watched the last ever episode of Scrubs. My eyes were teary and my heart was broken. One of the best things ever came to an end! 
At home!! Yeah its 6:18am! My dad will b mad at me 4 take the party to long!!  bit ot was awesome! Lol
Have bad conscience. My gift for my mom wasn't terrific. 
So what does everyone  have planned for today? i am gearing up for a long car ride to my husbands family. My Mommy is in Greece 
Just got home. My head hurts. Owah! So dehydrated.  Don't know where my mommy is, she's not home. Happy Mother's day mom wherever you are!
Fuck!!! My pink laptop is trippin'!!! 
Happy mothers day! My mom's in Greece 
@loveivy a DSLR is cool. My friend is selling his since he wants to buy a new one, but he won't sell it to me 
I am on my dad's macbook. My god, do I want a mac.  Someday.
Sooo bored on this ride! My ipod died 
Just got bad news! My neighbors are puttin their dog 2sleep! He wont be in pain anymore but soooo sad!!   R.I.P. Kasier!! 
@lessia_ann they hurt like a BITCH ! My face is the size of a watermelon..like litterally no joke. 
OMG the world is OVERRRR!!! My bberry is dying...aaahhhh! And I'm @ the movies. Hopefully Next Day Air will keep me entertained. Brb yall 
Delima. My dad hates when I open my window cause the air is on but I can't help it, 
@laynemontgomery As always, they were. Sorry I missed your set  My friend's had conflicts so wecould come no earlier. I'm sure you killed!
Wisdom tooth is being an evil son of a bitch. My cheek is swollen &amp; parts of it are numb, but of cooourse the bits that hurt aren't numb! 
Lost My Phone 
Damn. My phone died early. I'm sad. 
@ScarlettCrow *hugs back* Thanx for the hug man. I needed that. My back has been aching for days now. I think the hug helped. F'kin Yoga. 
Can someone please check out my website and tell me if they can see my AdSense ads? My bf says they aren't there, but they are when I go! 
Super pissed. My pedal and pedal board won't be here til next week. Fucking bullshit! my guitar came in 2 days. 
frase del dia de ayer  domingo )  My mouth is dry ....Forgot how to cry
@stanFUCK yours isn't the only one. 
@Kemari mad isn't the word... disappointed I have to wait. My imagination is running crazy circles; I can't wait until the next season 
Locked outside my house. My F***ing key isn't working  waiting for mummy to get home.
I need new tire recommendations for 18&quot; 225/40 92Y?  My speed demon ways have already burned out my OEM's on the GTI.   AT 14K!!!
@petitealamode Boobs should always outweigh the button-pushing desire. My heart weeps. 
Omg. My stomach hurts so bad I can hardly move. Feels like I have a side-stitch, too.  I HATE being sick. 
Hmm... Home alone, I kinda like it.. The apartment all for myself.. Just not going to like it when the girls are really gone  My Girls!
@maryjei Nope, Still doing geometry. Haha. And my teacher is going here tody at 4 to 5. Gurl I miss yuh, My phone is still not fix 
@tacopockets They taped some plastic over where my PICC line is. My inner-elbow's all red from when they took the tape off. 
Oh, they didn't do My Lovely Horse. 
@danecook wish I could go to the KC show! My bf was going to get me tickets as a surprise but then he lost his job 
@warningmark and i upgraded to leopard so why does yours look so sophisticated  i am jealous.
Alive &amp; Kicking! My iPhone is back! Worst thing updating apps, reinstalling jailbroken apps and re-enter passwords, some missing contacts 
@LJsBaby My problem was that by the time I figured out I didn't enjoy audiology, I was already hallfway to an MA. Waste of time and money 
I'm off today. Would luv to be going to Anfield tonight,but have no ticket  My mum is going to watch my 9 yr old cousin play in interval
I wanna watch a movie called my bloody valentine 3D at blitz... But, no one can go with me... Sucks! My bro dun let me go by myself.. 
@gobo2905 Niente. The only cycling friends i have are online ones (gotta love internet)  My parents like it but only casual.
Ich habe ein cold or something  My nose is all blocked and throat is hurty.
@dark_fairydust  That makes me feel like stupid,SL.I just i'm here for MCR  Somehow they don't reply.My nerves get twisted-hun 
@lmacvittie What is &quot;so early&quot; for you? My two little ones get up at 6AM sharp every day 
@temposhark  Oh that's just down right brilliant right on! Aww I know about the hayfever. My eyes are puffy.. well you know.. lol but 
http://twitpic.com/55box - My colleague got one of those Google Markers from the event! #mymap Wish I was there 
Bedtime. If I can sleep. My wrist huuuuuurts. I forgot how much fresh tattoos sting. 
I had a huge growth spurt in Year 7 but stopped once I hit 5'6. By Year 12 I was the shortest guy in school.  My ego compensated for that.
Damn.... My I-phone just died!! For no reason. I was watching X-men and then check my phone and it was DEAD!!!! Only had it for 5 months 
Good morning, twitterbugs! Had a nice sleep. My arm is killing me, though.  Darn those shots!
Must've been the day for retail therapy @bnurmi. My 24&quot; LED Cinema has not shipped yet tho 
Going to the Docs and then nothing! My family canceled today because they're all sick 
Ok. My friend DIDNT buy our Coldplay tix cuz she's cheap and now I REALLY wanna go. 
Great success! My powers of persuasion know no bounds. But my tuxedo is in Heathrow Airport... What to do... I think I'll have to skip it 
@Reivanna Ours did too! My delightful star of persia is normally so nice  Have you ever tried adagio?
Might have to go back to the doctors. My leg that has SOMETHING wrong with it is killing me. AHHH 
D: My Dad just caught me up &quot;late&quot;, now I have to sleep  G'night Twitter, g'night LUVR xP
That's a SIX! My API usage is only 28 tweets left now 
@Fatal45 My sympathies man.. 
@kevinmarks The problem is with the music that I use... YouTube remove all sound  My fault I know, but still...
@sketchd @hellyboomcelly Lol  You know me too well. My bf said the same things!
Song of the day: &quot;I Left My Walkman in Altadena&quot; 
Ughh !!!!! My stomach hurts  and I feel blahhh. &lt;/3
Sob. My throat feels like it's on fire. I really don't wanna get sick right now 
Is lost without Greys. My mother doesn't have tivo or the internet. 
I am  watching Cheaters,  waiting for Five Hearbeats to be put in Dvd player, cant watch it in my room, My tv was made in 70's no plug 
Party?? Hahah. My sis wont shut up 
(@AMissle) Party?? Hahah. My sis wont shut up 
@his_budget Thank You Angel'...Our other lil doggie is running around in and outside 'Looking' for Her   Peace and Love ponks
@richardwatkinsj I Would Cry Sooo Much If My Mom Got Alzimers 
watching television, i dont like corey in the house...its stupid. My back is SOO burnt, its gonna kill to lay down 
Star Trek was awesome! My boyfriends are tired, so I guess I'll be heading home. Sorry INSPIRED and CS posse! 
@DATCHiCMiMi No  My phone crashed so I lost ALL of my #s Facbook it to me
Winding Down after a busy day. My feet hurt 
@tbthorpe its gotten much worse!  My stomach is a shade of red that skin should not be.  Was practically drinking SPF30 today and still! 
ok so sam is way bigger and better than billy that just makes me miss him even more  ~HeRe My HeArt~
Bedtime. My tummy is sore. 
@Sum1sStar My prayers are with you  &lt;3
What's goin' on? My followers are decreasing. God! 
@DRadcliffFan My, my. Is this article for real? 
Dinner soon. My eyes are really sore 
But on the way my camera's touch screen broke  anyone know anything about that? My external hard drive also crashed! Argh!! #FML
I still remember late night make me sit back and think about the friends and family I've lost. My heart beats for you. RIP JonJon 
well it looks like 5 hours of sleep is just my body's limit!!  My internal clock just goes off after 5 hours and says &quot;OK that's enough!&quot;
Today is 'Walk the Wight' raising money for the hospice every year. Very close to my heart &amp; I can't do it today  My 7 year old is though!
It is COLD outside 345am! Like 37 and frost warning! My flowers 
@AlexisMarie23 Aww man. That's bunk!  My cousin has the DVD of every season so i borrowed it from her. god, i love this show. lol.
Random or Fucked up? My family teases me about drinking goat's blood and sacrificing my friends to satan. 
also, I just ripped a HUGE chunk of toenail off... like... 9/10 of My big toe. 
Take Care of My Cat is such a sad movie. Why do I do this to myself?  http://bit.ly/NNTXb
@johncmayer Ooo... ouch. My sincere condolences 
Bah! My net connection's down &amp; I had a load of blogging I wanted to do 
Lost futsal 7-5 tonight  now at the pub watching everyone else drink, haha. My fitness kick is on fire!
Cant be bothered to revise for maths exams in 2 weeks but have to  My degree depends on it. Back in three hours on my next break!
@MickyFin Think yourself lucky Micky. My whole o/s just crashed. Reinstalling as I type 
Was does God hate me? My xbox just E74'd about a week after getting it fixed 
@bloodyhurricane ms state. Ill be done in august. My gpa blows though, no grad school for me. 
On the way to LAX! My throat is itchy and I'm losing my voice! Either I overcheered, or kuya Joben kept coughing on me 
@haxorize Dude, if I have the money and the time, I'd love to stop up there. My dad is coming with me though, so it's not likely 
Sociology revision &amp; maths Revision have been done - going to do more later! My head hurts im so nervous 
Noooooo - My copy of Futures is scratched.  http://tumblr.com/x311sxaew
Just got back from a Storytelling workshop. My craft needs some work. 
@alexbilbie Just arrived back now. Urgh My rooms a sty! 
Maymester starts tomorrow.  My life's going to suck for the next three weeks. 
Just remembered how crappy of a movie Just My Luck is. Haha 
go to the beach with my puppy  My last day in California 
@Jonasbrothers OH My gooooood!!!!!!! I'm die!!!  I will be so sad!! oh my good I don't believe, You here in CHILE and I can't going to see
Aww My Girl is on! I always cry at the bit when the home alone kid dies 
http://twitpic.com/5dduj - My diet food. How sad is that?! I ate it in 3 bites. Oh and its smaller than it looks. 
gutted i missed My Girl 
@JENNY_WiN me too! My ipod touch got stolen a month ago 
full on waterworks! Gosh My Girl is such a sad film 
@rhettroberts I can't DM u frm Snaptu...  Anyhow, gud 2 hear that ur taking things easy 2day! My day's been alright thnx, haven't been ...
Just cried my eyes out watching My Girl.  Its soooo sad. Good film though.
@sampan22 I just been watchin My Girl  no I haven't heard from gill.
I've just watched My Girl and it gets to me everytime 
 This day is not shaping up nicely. My dad wants me to take pics of family looking admiringly at him in his cap and gown. Grr.
been cryin my eyes out watchin &quot;My Girl&quot;. gr8 film but its well sad 
http://bit.ly/13Tdis  &lt;--- Oh lawd. My NIPPON. 
Noooooooo. My Bro hasn't got cable or Internet. 4 channels on a dodgy arial. 
Oh my gosh..8 days since i've been on here! Sweden is beautifully SUNNY. My knitting is looking amazing. Dog has been ill with fits again 
Omg!!! My parents cut off the internet on my phone 
@JeanneoBeano Yes, I always leave my Build A Bear boxes lying around for you. My dad yelled at me for going there. He said it's stupid. 
Noooo! My crayons ran away. I wanna color. 
http://twitpic.com/5es3q - My PC doesn't even meet the minimum requirements for Left 4 Dead. 
Editor's Note: My first earthquake - a 5.0. 
@TinaS71 lol! Funny it was like flash ba do to my past life... I miss it!  on a side note... My phone was blowing up today! ;$
Go O MAGIC!!! My team was playing like them the 1st game (we kicked butt!!) Now, the 2nd game and 3rd..we looked like the B Celtics   LOL
@Brieality Hellooo, and no, I don't believe I have. I'm lame like that, though. My one stop light town has me imprisoned. 
Ah!!! My phone is being stupid. Shut off one day, all faggish the next  I tried charging it and now the menu's stuck. Metro PCS = Fail!!!
I think i'm getting sick. Fab. So i'm going to sleep. My ears hurt.  goodnight! Goodluck to my kittycatgf! ;) meow.
Good morning..! My morning is terrible, full of sadness, and no energy at all..  damn depression!!!  also I'm late to school 
Heading home. Food then bed. My sister leaves in a.m. 
Off to bed. My Shakespeare final is tomorrow and I so don't feel ready for it. 
Hmm, I think I should stop drinking milk. My poor stomach. 
Orange girl on the bus has seemingly bathed in the kind of perfume that gives me headaches. My head hurt already. 
Wow. My computer screen keeps flickering, and still won't let me print. Must I really consider tossing it out the window? Halp! 
@shawnieora I think you're LOVING this... My friend just confirmed: that if YOU are not following ME... I can NOT reply back to YOU 
OMG! I will die... My terrible headache... 
Sad day.  My shows didn't record.
@anacom yeah it's the weather for sure! My oh my! this is my 2nd time of being sick in a span of 3 weeks! NOT COOL! not cool at all! 
Fuck! My pics are too big to send via Twitpic. 
@PushPlayCJ I saw you guys at the Glasshouse tonight but when I turned around to go say hi you had disappeared. My heart is broken 
@Posh_Totty No he was my friends, this was a long time ago and he is now no more  My horse is a bit more steady on his feet
Plusnet have got authentication problems. My home web sites are down 
How does Ambien wear off or not take effect? I took it over an hour ago.. WTF? I want sleep NOW! My brain hurts 
Glad I remembered my Intuos2 tablet has a serial connection instead of a USB before digging it out of storage. My laptop doesn't. 
I sure hope my voice recovers in time for the 29th! My throat is fooked after Castaway Cuties on saturday 
@Tamm My feet are like blocks of ice 
Afternoon everyone, how are we all? My head hurts a little!  lol
I was nice &amp; let Whiskers stay out last night. My reward: 530AM wakeup call! 
Yeah! My hubby is going to drive me to work this morn! But,that's only cuz he has to take the car in 
@raider360 VW Fox. My mums likes it though. 
@ukwriter Freebies? or Bought? My eldest has been asking me to take her to see them - but all sold out 
Urgh...yummy hurts. My body hates me today 
Major problem this morning!  My washing machine is broke!!  Won't spin or drain.  Water still in it.  What am I going to do? 
@yoko71 yeah I'm surprised too  @Tisyonk I would love to have the punishment. Ok, back to rehab. My neck hurts so bad 
Morning everyone!! My head hurts from coughing  Oh well at least I can breathe.
@SumbodyTrippin Oh lawd, U know I say &quot;girl&quot; out of habit, i'm sorry  But mannnnnnnn u know! His ass be stanking!
@Kallesto   My Reagan leaving me  NO!!! /wail. You will loose your moon tan and and and I won't never get to see you! /stomps foot!
I am going to be the one-sided wonder 2day. My left shoulder/neck=shooting PAIN! I wanna go back 2 bed. 
TRAGEDY!!!! My company just made @SingleBlackMale a forbidden site!! Guess I need to subscribe by email... can you comment from email??? 
Placebo - Running up that hill.  Incredible hurtful. My heart breaks..
Crappy day  My DVD didn't arrive and the bookstore Eclipse in stock. How am I supposed to survive?!
Crappy day  My DVD didn't arrive and then the bookstore didn't have Eclipse in stock. How am I supposed to survive?!
Placebo - Running up that hill.  Incredible hurtful. My heart breaks..
...Wondering why I'm awake. My dream scared me so badd. i started laughin in my sleep.  womp womp. Going bcq 2 bed! Grr!
@Nziokxs U guy am tired of Windows!! Looks like it has won day one....My .pst file has refused all my back up attempts 
Another exam down.  My hand seriously aches.  Doing a very necessary afternoon of housework then physics revision time 
Am in bed and shud b long asleep but am wide awake!  My kittie is also upset i locked her out...sory my sweet! Ahh..wat 2 do...
@mescobe awww what a game yesterday ! My Rockets and Celtics are out 
is sad n worried. My aunt is fighting for her life in ICU now... 
@lilyroseallen Yes all the time! My mum drank a bottle of Coke, and didn't realise there was a wasp in there and it stung her lip 
Ok..I'm officially ill/sick &amp; it sucks!!! My throat is sooooo sore 
@LyndsayMitchell Lmao. Those jags hurt so much! My dentist always lies to me  lol
@durangodawg13 Did you see it? Did you like it? My mom said they could've used more Ewan! 
Sixth grade today! Normally I would be hesitant with this grade but it's a good class. My job for tomorrow canceled though 
@trendscaping I heard Prune was great. So glad you liked it.  My pork bun (IPhone) photo is blurry 
:O FINALLY!!!! My twitter is back  i missed you  in tour bus. need to catch up on fics now!!!
@suedahlgren Just looked at it from a Dad's point of view. My kids are grown and I don't get to take walks with them like that anymore 
At school. It's not even 8 and i'm super hot in my jeans. My r:A DVD has yet to come, but I have to wait longer cos of the picnic today. 
Darn! Procrastinated too long! My pretty wallpaper is sold out! 
is waiting in the doctors office. My throat is KILLING me 
first time I've sat down - and Peed, after about three cups of coffee - all day. My back is murdering me slowly and painfully. 
Um.....Twittering? Right? My first time on here. But also, I can't sleep like usual 
Argh! Being sick sucks! My head hurts, my throat hurts, and i feel like throwing up 
Centurion is now Pheonix!  My PC has come back to life! Shame as I had picked out some cool stuff to replace it's innards. 
OMG mum got me up to Look after siblings and take them to school....So thats gives me even less time to prepare for My Date!  xx
@Michlerish Yay!... :-D Finally something in a language I can understand!... LOL!... My Japanese truely sucks I'm afraid..  hehe...
@Boo_vicky pls don't make me go in. My bed is too comfy. I may cry if I have to leave it!!!  x
@younggeoffrion Ooo, I love Tsingtao! My fave chinese restaurant served it, but they have closed now 
@peachlucienne Really? My globe bill kasi skyrocketed these past few months  Easy ba to get a signal? Kahit for text lang.
Tennis forehand improving again!! My sister just walked in on me naked... Not so good, I covered up fairly quickly, scarful occurance tho 
@rinism : &quot;My life's gonna be more complicated than it used to be my dear  exam's coming! Kamu kamu?&quot;
@StreetSavv iKnow. i will work on it.  My appetite is wack now... and i only crave cheese and sugar. 
@addisonkowalski - I Want To Particpate!!!  My iPhone won't let me 
Devastated!! My favorite blouse has disappeared from the clothes line, gone for ever 
@WillKnott  I love those sport posters ! (trivia - My club are running the horsey course in Greenwich (on foot) tmw - park closed 2012 
The more applications adapts to Windows &quot;My Documents&quot; etc, the less I find stuff! :| A bit here a bit there ... bah ! 
@ntheowl meh. My ticket doesn't allow for stopovers at the Wolery 
4:30....  Ummm what?  My stomach hurts. I want to run, workout, and eat a buffet. Can't do it 
@Richiebear mmm... My Emperor impression doesn't come across well on twitter 
@Richiebear mmm... My Emperor impression doesn't come across well on twitter  http://bit.ly/11n2uf
In Taipei, thinking about what to have for dinner. My stomach doesn't feel right today!  
off to bed upset after a long night !  @ My Place http://loopt.us/x4L68g.t
Where is the sun at today??? My plan to wear a nice little summerdress on the streets of Stockholm is not gonna work! 
Note to fellow E71 owners. Do not ask your wife to plug in your E71 at night with no lights on. My poor speaker grill... 
6 days...6 days until I turn 23. Celebrate or not? Not sure yet.  My lovely @XXCymbalXX won't be able to come anyway...*cries*
I'm sick..... My friend jinxed me....Damn you 
&quot;All birds will be on a wire if you don't stop being one&quot;, doesnt make sense? You are not the only only one. My CD agrees with you.   
But On My Way To Skool... 
Lost facebook again..this time not by hackers. My account has been Disabled 
@belolats Oww remember Jang? My guy friend who I was w/ in Inferno last month? It's his birthday! Food sounds good but he feeds me better 
@TessdeJong Cool ! My weekend begins in 2 hours 1/2... hard with the sun outside 
Still an hour to go... watched the rest of My Fair Lady which I started watching last night and now I have nothing to do 
@iterations no way! What a complete bummer! Ipod-service.nl is your new best friend. My condolances 
To all who might try to reach me: My phone has decided to take vacay. Stopped working late last night. I feel naked without it. 
Geography hike today in 2nd, 3rd, and 4th... My feet are gonna hurt!! 
Okay 10 more mins of rest b4 I have 2 put my contacts in. My eyelids still feel like its lined with sand paper 
@neurosceptic Oi! Mister! I had to unfollow you 'cause you were going mental with the suggestions. My laptop screen is only small  
Back from the printer. Now at my mother's. My father took forever to find wi-fi WEP key... 
@Orchidflower Nah. My son was apparently in tears last night when I was out. He was begging my OH to get me to stop. Feel bad 
@BT Man would you please retweet this stolen kit list? My whole studio has just been robbed  - http://bit.ly/lzVB7
Eep! My virus software has deleted spotify 
@BellaLyra poor you  I only ended up with 6 hours last night but 4! Woah! My shoulder is at your service should you require it as a pillow
Birthday tomorrow. Expo tomorrow. My friends will be having much fun without me.  At least I'll be in Chester having some fun...
is considering a set of electric drums for home. My Pearls are at the church &amp; I have nothing to throw beats on at home.  BOO!
God I Hate My English Teacher. She Is Such A Bitch!! 
Heading to an all day work retreat at the State Park  Why? My boss is crazy, no one wants to sit in the sun all day w/ their co-workers
@dochowser Nice. I like the finger control, but voice is even better. My Pioneer Z3 Nav System was stolen out my coupe... 
If it was easy, it wouldn't be called Love. My poor baby girl is hurtin. 
@TomFelton You are so lucky, I wish I had some in the house. My day has been terrible. 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hey! My heart will go on... I cant upload more pics here for some reason  Tell me more about you. I can send ...
just came across horrific pictures of China's cruelty to animals. My God, how can you torture and destory those beautiful creatures?! 
@robcouk Inspiron batteries are known to be flakely. My battery now failed,middle led and two outer ones light when press button=dead 
Soooo just got word... Finna hit the streets. Headn 2 alabama 2day... My auntie mildred is sick! 
Which Shampoo is the best to control dropping of hair? My hair dropped like free, when i washed them. 
@OMGTHISISTINA Same  I wanna sleep. My mom gave me $10 that i will NOT spend
I suffer from upload and drabble-writing fail. I actually haven't written since Sat.My legs and shoulders hurt from exercising yesterday 
@NaiveLondonGirl My post has just been delivered... WTF.. !!! Surely they should reduce the price of stamps as my post arrives off-peak. 
Epic fail of the week? My cervix. &quot;Failure to progress,&quot; they call it. Ugh. 
@JosephPiearson My all time favorite place to run. I wish I could run there today  Have fun!!
Oops... I showed up at 8 for a 730 PT appt. My bad 
Headed to Old Gravy. My day is absolutely jam packed full of, well, NOTHING! 
Bah. My bread dough isn't rising very well   Doesn't it know that there's an over-excited toddler who wants to play with it??
Justvwatched Marley and me - My sister told me I'd cry... and I did. Ahaha, so sad  I'm going to go home and hug my doggieees loool
@GinaATL Generally phones and water don't get on well together. My phone didn't like the washing machine much either. Never spoke again 
Ughh N It StartS oFf WitH a BanG My PhOne FaLl in WatEr!!! 
Why don't I have a &quot;Black Like My President&quot; mug??  Someone make that purchase for me and make me a happy girl?
I am a failure. I couldn't get thru and ACDC Ottawa sold out. Who do I blame? My dialup Internet or cellphone provider? 
@fsez nak rasa pasta sikit pun tak dapat. My last job had better food perks  haha.. Next time must remember to bring Tupperware everywhere
Yo! My glasses r falling apart! But I swear I'm holdin on to these Dolce &amp; Gabannas! What if they broke while I wa drvn lmbooo 
tough day.  My dogs leg is not longer attached to his hip   Trying to figure out when the time is right.
Bummer. My longtime video camera/companion looks like it's on its last leg. I don't know if this one's coming back from the dead. 
FUCK. My dad turned the radio on and my headphones are upstairs.  Boo.
Holy Shit! Just woke up gasping for air. Most realistic nightmare in a while. My heart is pounding out of my chest; I may just cry 
Prayers, please. My stepbrother is in ICU on a respirator. 
Shirt vs Blouses never gets old.. My fave &quot;shoot the j... Shooot it&quot; ..I wish we can get new episodes  http://twitpic.com/61cl9
@stokedd Sorry to offend you.  My third oldest sis also says that she hates math. When i say math in front of her, she goes &quot;Ugggh!&quot;
@eunice007 I'm ok...havin tummyache  My weekend was GREAT!!! it's so nice to be him again. How are you?
In the ER... My mom was having some concerning chest pains.... 
@zazz_com_au My Spy Pen is borked! It was ok then it just stopped working.  No lights, nuffin. PC can't even read it. HRELP!
@jeffgerstmann how many xbox's have failed on you? My third crapped out today. All three times diiferent - RRoD, E74, now two red rings. 
My bed attacked me, as well as every other object in my room! My knee is huge!!! Rearranging is way more painful then it needs to be!!! 
Thinking that @AndrewHansen1 is going to be conned into giving me a back rub tonight! My neck is MEGA sore 
Ok maybe not all N's fault...I feel a cold coming on   My immune system picked a bad time to let me down
http://twitpic.com/61flo - My next tat Im getting in SoBe. Have to wait for the winter.  The pic doesnt do it justice.
#3wordsaftersex : Delete My  Number !!!    Aouch   #3stalkerwords
finished most of her exams. Two to go. My stressing days won't be over for long though. Too many exams. 
@KaleiLuvsHawaii  Just the ArchuVato concert in Seattle.  My work schedule will make it hard to attend any others 
I Miss My Snuggles 
@LizandLisa My Girl has one of those, would welcome any tips!! Making it passable involves tears, complete taming just never happens 
@IrishMel21 re:clowns...that's awful...3x's!!! My God   We just found out a few wks ago that E is afraid of them, 1 came to a bday party
Ugh. Off to the Doctors now. My mom said that they might scan my stomach with this machine! aaahh! 
I miss being skinny and stylish. I'm all fat and frumpy now. My clothes are just wasting away in my closet   Goal weight, hurry up!!!!
So angry! Just wrote an extra credit paper for history. My computer froze before I could save it 
@TamilDiaspora I'll tell it to anyone who will listen. Your posts don't mention dissent in Diaspora. Perhaps LTTE has murdered them all? 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and I'm in so much pain  My mouth has never hurt so bad! It's also giving me a killer headache. Ugh!
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and I'm in so much pain  My mouth has never hurt so bad! It's also giving me a killer headache. UGH!
A case of mistaken identity or plagerism... My Design: http://yfrog.com/0econcepthomej prospects new website http://tinyurl.com/mwur8t 
Is SAD My mom is leaving for 10 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!          
A case of mistaken identity or plagiarism?... My Design: http://yfrog.com/0econcepth prospects new website http://tinyurl.com/mwur8t 
Wow, Pocahontas is a terrible movie. I'm feeling really guilty for watching it over and over when I was a kid. My poor mom. 
My eyes are closing.  Fucking weekend bby.  My gf doesn't talk to me 
I think I'm allergic to la.. My eyes have been itching/ watering alll day  just watched a scaary but great flick- &quot;Taken&quot;
Agh. My thumb hurts. 
have had a really great few days off! but I go back to work tomorrow!  I ? My Girls!!
What am I doing? Nothing! I can barely move.The very little muscle I have in my body kills! My knees are all cut up and bruised too.Gah! 
Shitty... My boyfriend got laid off from work today 
I never knew how painful cutting a wisdom tooth could be. My entire mouth hurts and I have a killer headache going on. Not fun! 
Just ate another chocolate-dipped cone from McD... My newly-found vice 
Landed in Riydah last night, very hot here. Loving it so far hope to recover after my amazing journey to Meccah &amp; Medina. My feet hurt 
Just received my package from gmarket. My gosh. Wrong shoes and wrong bags.  oh well. I did take risks
I'm annoyed. Sleepy, hungry, gassy and I need something hot to drink. My throat is burning.... And I'm in brooklyn. Far from my bed... 
@vmrob Hey. I might need some help.....  My iPhone is a shiny paperweight now..... 
@RPreston05 what am I gonna do without my Backy for 4 whole days?! My partner in crime is gone  have fun at home and relax! Love you!
Yesterday I watched the #Terminator3 #movie. My conclusion: Part 2 is the best film. Can part IV compete with the former parts? No Arnie 
I can't believe it's fucking working! First try, too! My new computer looks so fucking sweet. Too bad I'm failing the exam tomorrow. 
@CellPhoneRepair My blackberry would not wake up this morning  Stupid thing! I know you get it
Frick... My niece poked my eye... And it hurts like hell cuz she got nails. And I can't see out of my right eye 
no transport for church  wont be making it, im crushed. Oh well, more time for assignments I suppose. My throat really hurts ...
friends from Traveller's Tales held a farewell party for me but I kinda disappointed them that I would still be here until Sep. My fault. 
NO FREE WIFI!?!? My vacay is ruined!!!! 
Um k.. this is NOT Close My Eyes.. this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but I &lt;3 it anyway.. 
Memphis just can't catch a break these days. My poor Tigers 
@TheeRealFDHC Sorry to hear that man  He is were the bullshit cant reach him now. My heart goes out to you and your family.
This place blows! My UberTwitter isn't functioning here! Had to switch to TB 
@MadamSalami pmsl @poo... We had crap everywhere too. But NO More. Love it. My wool stash today though 
I don't want to work tomorrow. I don't feel good. Haven't felt good in 4 days =/ My body needs rest but my mind won't slow down! 
Bug in damn cod4 system link. My map pack isnt working 
@kekeinaction Thats ok...ur a good person + My Idol soo good people deserve sum good comments..hows the weather ova der --London is cold 
@AnikoHeartsJon I am a little bit sick  (voice, nose and head). My brother has shared his microbes with me *sigh* See you later !
Off to work. My last day. Get to walk around and out-process. I am very happy to be one step closer to what I really want to do, but  2.
@blankdeluxe  no i havent got mine yet, did u get yours?
Fuck. My arms feel like really sore jell-o 
Booo. Finally I could get back on here. My Internet went out 
@Yampolito That will make things fair. My poor Tiger has no claws or nutz 
I'm really bored! My brother went to get his permit! Stay off the roads! Jk lol! It feels like all my friends have abandoned me! Except 1 
@Sak_Pase I guess u ain like me den.. My hair cut short..  lol
Ohhhh man  My mom got a bag of these caramel candy things, they're soooo good. I'm going to get so fat off of them ;__;
Im going to go to bed again, ear (both) infection, I am completely dizzy, yyyyuck! My stomach is hurting too  Peace-out loves
Evermore &amp; End of Fashion rocks! My poor foot though! oww! injured my foot. not good. will be sore tomorrow.  details to follow  later
Blah. So i registered to coach this summer and eh the tourney starts July 6th. My vacation 7/15-28th. Fk my life, haha 
http://twitpic.com/66uor - went on a really long cycle ride with my mum, brothers and my BFF Han today. My bum aches now!! 
@aranarose Murphy's Law?  Sorry that your computer is not cooperating when you have lots of work. My kids are .. http://tinyurl.com/km235x
Ahhh My Satz blend didn't save 
@Madrox My condolences. 
@P33ZY  My Power was cut off  thats where i went
Jus got back from a run up sunset blvd! My cuzin tried to kill me my legs are still movin and I'm sittin down!! 
I spent an hour this morning going through yearbooks to see when each senior started to Harleton. My speech will be so boring. 
Having Problems With My BlackBerry UGH I need another charged Battery! (@ least 4 now)  @sexyhunnybunny
@ShaniquaDenise You are sooo lucky. My fiance is away w/the Marine Corps...haven't even seen him yet! 
@AnonymousNY My closet situation is close to the same.  Except it's not closet located near NYC. 
Aaggh!! My blackberry curve took a gash in the screen the day AFTER we get invisible shields in stock. Well it'll be a good advertisement 
Hangin with the fam! My head is hurtin 
@davidlem Re: meetings, you were right.  My afternoon has started to fill up 
@devon_leigh u know wut devy dev it sure does suck havin no ID!! My weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!! 
@ladyvee SO DO I!!   My jet is in the repair shop...lol
Already know I'm gonna miss josh next week.. My mom needs more surgery.. Work sucks.. Not a good day. Oh and my tum tum hurts 
Ow... My shoulder muscle (I can't remember the name :p) hurts... What did I do?  I don't even know
@1jaredPADALECKI 5 seasons that's it? Sorry just noticed in ur previous update. My sis isn't gonna be happy 
@markhoppus Think about adding Apple Shampoo.  100% My fav blink tune, and in the 3 times I've seen you guys, never heard it live. 
@Jonasbrothers It Was The Best Evar &amp; My First,, You Didnt Awnser Any Of My Questions  xoxo
Fever of 103. Awesome. My tonsils are so swollen I can't even eat solid food. Still on location  the pictures rule though
@SassyLassie3 My #followillfriday sucks because while I was teaching people how to be nice, you fuckers were drooling over Notion 
Aw crap! My iPod has a thin, gray line across the screen! Didn't drop it - I take good care of it. How long before it dies? 
Pouring outside.. Cleaning out my locker.. My bookbag is heavy and my back and arms are killing me 
Damn, I Burned My legs  !x
Umm after schooL , at subway w. My mom ; nothing to do planss are ruined 
Help. My computer has a virus. I had to place my Etsy shop into vacation mode until I can sort this out. I don't know WHAT to do! 
Picked up Luna from the vet. She looks like she's been crying  I'm not kidding. Her lashes are wet and she has tear trails. My poor bebe!
Had a little fight with My Best Friend   What should I Do?!?
Took a short nap now Im ready for work. My sun burn hurts 
Ummm. My kid just said &quot;fucker&quot; .. Like minutes before his gparents are due to show. Everyone knows it's his mom with the potty mouth 
@randiellen03 Nofair! My BK only had Uhura and Nero left. 
I am sucking with the abbreviation today. Sorry  My sentences look like my eight year old is typing them. lol
Grrr! My internet will be up and running next Wed  at least now I have a def. Answer!
Hmmm.... My whole body feels sore! 
@JennaVonTweet Ohhh french tip! My fave, my nails aren't long enough yet tho  Ill ask the manicurist
Har vondt i ryggen My back hurts 
I have the biggest headache ever. My photosensitivity is getting OUT OF CONTROL!! Help. 
@BitchNotAPerson Actually, I'm supposed to do that w/ my dad + cousin, My cousin is in trouble though, so we never get together 
Took a kind-of nap, too. My tummy hurts. 
Today officialy fucking sucks. My mom is the biggest bitch ever. Text me 
@TheMrsH I saw an all red Audi on the highway. I sped uo to it hoping it was you. My loss 
@Christe1 So sad. Your mom must be very shaken up. Peace and strength to her and the dear family that lost their little girl 
Having one of my bad days....Migraine today. My 1st since my neck surgery about 2 1/2 months 
I hate different referenced assemblies. My FNH goes against castle 1.1, Caliburn against 1.03 .. not to mention dynamicproxy in NH 
My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlovato .. http://twitpic.com/67hac
Omg! My dad called me a johny come lately haha because I'm slow  haha
@hughsbeautiful Is beastypops tired? I wish i was. My tablets are just making me want to throw up! 
@JennycLiu Oh yah! My dad does that. But I don't have a landline. 
7pm and I'm just now leaving my desk.  And just last week I was on a safari. My how time flies.  What's good for the weekend? JBII
can't find my trusty hair tie  My hair will spill all over the place when I run!Mom's bands doesn't work for me,normal ones hurt.(((
It's a really warm day in Seattle! My reeses chocolate is melting!!! 
* My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlova.. http://twitpic.com/67hac
Things that happened today:  My younger brother ran over one of our dogs. Yeah. I know.  She's going to have surgery this weekend.  
@MathieuTO My neighbour is fond of loud Nickelback. 
Im Slowing on My Tweets..Cuase I Lost My Phone 
Dang! My voice wont came out! And my snots is covering all my tissues... DANGIT! I hate FLU! 
Currently at my cousin's house. My two aunts from Canada will be going home later. I am so going to miss them... 
@sfoxx Nope, it's the name of our condo here in SLO. My roommates are all sick.  I'm trying not to catch it.
I MiSS My EmPeroR!! HMPH!  N He Dnt EveN Kno Or CaRe!
My Panda Express fortune cookie today said &quot;work on improving your exercise routine.&quot; My fortune cookie called me fat. FML 
anyone care to watch that 70s show with me? My bestfirends in Mexico 
Its nearly half two in the morning. My mind is telling me I'm not tired. Its lying. I'm Shattered. But I can't fall asleep! Damn 
Ouch ouch ouch!! Ahhhhh!! My sinus is aching.. Hu hu hu 
Oh crap.... My billiards mouse is broken.... I can't use my mighty mouse for games.... Sigh. 
@ashleyyosaurus Hosanna... My fave 
Fckn Hell it is freezing.  My internet is stuffing up too, yet again 
@BergeSimonian we played some tf2 and some l4d. Apparently we are about to play combat arms. I'm a bit bored though. My Attention span 
@laurenpetrow Oh. My. God. That sounds amazing! I wanna do the same! But I don't have a snuggie 
Bored out of my mind. My plans for the evening fell through. 
@Edy7 My sources say no 
#TWRF My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://ping.fm/NZfUT - My besties. If only.. http://ping.fm/OiLdZ
Dude just aim'd me and said &quot;when we fuckin again?&quot; The shyts crazy cuz we never fuckd... WronG damn person... My Feelins a lil shot 
Is kinda bored at home right now. My BF at work 
Owww! My hand just got stuck in the car window! 
@Mowgli3  My dog named Puppy died 4 months ago after 16 years with us. A day doesn't go by that I don't think of him but it gets easier.
So tired! Physical therapy is hell. My knee hurts and it is not getting any better.  dont think i can play at regionals.  this sucks
@epiphanygirl I thought I was ur fav...  My bad u talkin bout ballas. I'm ur fav twiend... : D YES! Self-proclaimed lol
@stephen_kelley I would love to go back to States. My husband is not Americans, so we can't live there.  Boo-hoo. 
My husband moved out. He left. My heart is breaking for our kids. I have to be strong. For My True Loves. I want my family back. 
@TheMightyFoz My kitty SPG was a tuxedo cat 
Forgot to disarm the alarm when i got back form lunch.. My ears hurt 
@redzukee @BerryVEE  Whoaa, I just got all your tweets. My twitterberry is not working well in Java I guess  I'll share some pics later on
@peelingpaper Oh, no! My sympathy. 
Quarter to one. Okay I guess it's time for bed! My goodness, I need sleep! Really baaaad! 
I Miss My Family 
oh no! My baby kitten has puss coming out of his left eye. Help! 
Just got the worst news... My bro in law got laid off today. Any prayers would be appreciated! Goodness these are hard times! 
hope to get some wood work done this weekend.  next week is Lasagna!!!!  My friends will be off to Lillies without me. 
@melaniemagic Bedazzled. LOL Hot!!! My bro found someone for me today, but he's taken 
little abang Rykal has got high fever.. My poor baby boy.. He's so miserable.. 
So damn stressed!!! My laptop's hard drive conked out. Praying to God that my data doesn't get erased! MY PICTURESSSSSSS! 
Disaster!! My muffins completely disintergrated when I tried to get them out of the tin  It was a packet mix too - very disappointing!
@SaintBastard dude. I'm a Caps fan at heart. 0 cups. Many a heartbreaking loss. My #2 is the Bruins.. so.. yeah. 
Good morning! My eye has gotten worse 
@drsigne LOL! He uslly looks @ me like I'm nuts. My dancin' isn't quite what it uslly is w/this bum ft. TRYIN 2 B patient w/the healing. 
@jellybear89 That's OK I completely understand! My weekends include family hangs what has my life come to? No one likes to do what I like 
Good morning. My brother's First Holy Communion today. Probably be online very little 
@trixxaayyy Yes. B-) Waiting for my dad to go online though.  My mom is excited to see the pasalubong he bought for her eh. :| )
My chocolate pudding didn't work out.. Is there something abt dairy that makes it thicken? My rice milk didn't do the trick! 
Inside at the gym even though the sunis shining for the first time in weeks    SSHL graduated yesterday, CONGRATS! My turn soon.. 12 days!
House marathon, minus me. Photoshopping invites for cousin's christening.  My PS skillz aren't that mad!!!
Headache  My fault I suppose. Oh well going to park for a picnic.
Just woke up. My throat hurts and I got a blocked nose. Stupid hay fever 
@twilightfairy and yet it attracts so many types of birds. Must be one hell of a spot. My appartment has a garden which has 0 birds 
Don't text me neither of my phones (@TelecomNZ Mobile + XT Mobile) are working. My @vodafoneNZ has no credit, so texting is off the menu. 
Nooooo! My Xbox has finally had it. No return from the red ring of death this time 
@only1lucylocket My &quot;culls&quot; have resulted in a Net 20. ish.  Pity no celebs wanna follow me... Unless one porn star and schofe count!
Got up at 10:30am=6h15mins of sleep.My dad left my top window open the 1 tht i cant reach so from 1am onwards i could hear birds all nite 
I can never think of good headlines anymore  My best was &quot;Russian Bear Craps in Woods&quot; when Medvedev was 'elected'.
http://twitpic.com/68yj7 - Piha Burnout  = My freshly mounted picture of this shot just fell from my desk and got damaged darn 
Nobody who's around wants to come to the funfair with me  sod this, going back to bed. My back hurts anyway.
Damn it! I am awake...  I am so freakin' tired! My boys 4 whatever reason woke up last nite/this morning &amp; decided 2 fight...@ 2 n the
Good night twitter ;).  Aww... My baby is sick   oh.. Noo... I must save her
@felicityfuller Kind of makes me not want to leave him  My daughters coming home at 2pm so should be ok
Awww!! My leg hurts,, i twisted it yesterday,,  Got a big bandage on!! :O
@andrew_rickmann Oh! My FF started crashing yesterday on WP ajax popup on various sites and I need to start it in Safe Mode to avoid that 
just went on a shopping spree and got many shirts. My gf is gonna kill me cause I already have so many. Have to throw some old ones out 
Day 2 of trying to get to Cape Cod, my mom keeps yelling at people. It makes me want to hurl on the sidewalk. My foot is HUGE! haha 
For fuck's sake. My bus just broke down. Being late to work for the lose. Ugh. I wish I were at home playing farm town 
I'm wearing trousers that are getting really hot in the sun!! My legs are burning!! Ouch!! 
On drive to Nottingham. My bum is numb. Not good. 
I spent half of my day watching my cousins play Halo. ) My life sucks. =((( I must IMPROOOVE! 
I am flup after a Boots Meal Deal for lunch. My carrot cake icing melted off... 
I think i was sodomized in my sleep. My butt hurts. Worst part is they didnt yell surprise. 
My parents sold my old Woody doll.  It was worn out, one of his hands were busted.. BUT WHY??  My dad said he went to toy heaven.. lol
@theroxburygrl Oh no  My period just ended thank God.
Tis a sad day in the Walshy household.  My dearest hoover (Dyson) has decided to give up the ghost 
Was great to get out for a walk, but a BIG mistake. My head is completely congested now  How can I NOT be out on a day like this???
Tink!  My week off is over.    Must go back to work this morning.  Catch y'all later tweeps!
Movers are here. My apt is already looking weird and sad  goodbye Meltise Place.
Almost back from Triple A. Saw my life flash before my eyes. My hearts in my stomach! Get me outta this car!   lol
HOLY CRAP! My alarm to get up for work goes off in just over 5 hours... 
Ack. My phone still won't work with twitter. 
Movers are here. My apt is already looking weird and sad  goodbye Melrose Place.
@Celebutante924     @Cztron My swag stays OFF. Lol. @DAMITRIC lskfjlds ! @xiCandix Oh no! That sucks. I'm okay. A little blah.
@n_dawg My Telus bill was the same...dooo dooo dooo...it was double 
Ugh. Getting sick! My voice is fading 
Just leavin the dr. My Cat scan results were crazyy! They wanna do surgery. 
Horny. Just woke up. My back hurt. Today seems like it going to suck. Didnt run wit nicole. 
This is Wha't being responsible does to me. Ugh! My voice is gone. 
Remember the upstairs neighbor? He ran bathwater and fell asleep. My bathroom is covered in water and plaster. Still dripping 
Feeling a bit empty. My mom left and went back to Riyadh today  *sniff
@BlinkinCard41 That sucks  My friend has a giant attic that has a pool table, a 52&quot; HDTV, a Foosball table and a mini-fridge 
Lazy afternoon. My computer won't connect to the internet. 
@mckinseyann Ha yup it's been ages  Quick question. My sister follows you and thinks you are a different mckinsey. The one i'm related to.
Ooooh... My head. 
Good grief... I just walked through the house... My maid is definitely AWOL!!!   
I'm sooo bored. This weekend feels differnt. Not normal. IDK how to explain. My tummy hurtz too. 
Damn it. My email keeps getting listed as spam 
Blessed be your day, my twiggaz. My knee is killin me oh so bad!!  I wana cry.haha g2 G up! Double C's in the AIR tonight!!
Owwww. My feet hurt from walking across the Humber Bridge  
@erisedro Mii de scuze, am scris pe blog aici http://bit.ly/zZu3Z , am crezut ca ai citit. My bad 
I'm sooo sleepy at work !!!  F My LIFE !!!
@liberalchik Sorry. My kids wanted pajama day also, &amp; I foiled them. Maintenance people from the building were coming. Needed clothes on. 
*Sigh* My mom is always sick on the weekends. I never get to go anywhere with her. 
I have just had a nap. My mouth tastes strange.  urghhh! Disgusting.
has accidentally said 'no' to someone adding me as a friend of Facebook. If you know who it was get them to add me again. My Bad. 
AHHHH o_O My thumb hurts so much  I even have an ice pack, i didn't even do anything! :S
Sad news today. My sister-in-law (hubby's sis) lost her baby this morning. My nephew was stillborn, weighed 2lbs &amp; was due in August. 
Got to tweet at last. My phone sucks, it takes forever to do anyhing. I need a new one. I miss my Blackberry 
So far Mafia Wars for the iPhone is a #fail. No bank. My mafia is growing without my input. No integration with fbook either.  &lt;sigh&gt;
OH NO!  Totally Gutted! My camera is officially broken, no more videos from me until god knows when! *cry*
Hey, I'm waiting for my flight!  My mom cried harder than usual this time    Chicago. . .I'll be home around 7   *S. I. S.*
http://matsj.net - 2 new photos.. My camera don't work.. Err 99  #canonfail
My Goodies My Goodies My Goodies YES My Goodies lmao ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAAAAAY FOR A BEAUTIFUL BIIIIIIITCH! I wish I was in Chicago though 
@MissJizzle Pretty good. My foot hurts, though.  How are you?
NOOOooooooo!!! My MacBook has suddenly died. Hard Drive just seems to be empty or dead. I can't believe it 
@Ampdecay Morrowind? I just downloaded and installed the game of the year edition on my laptop yesterday. My mouse is screwed up tho 
Dood. I rly think i gawht teh swyne floo. My lungs burn and my throat feels like death... wtf... 
LOL. Takin a break. Like my 10 break already. Lol so bored.  Not gonna b a good couple of weeks. My beezy drea is in Mexico for a month 
NOO! My poor horsie got hurt! She somehow got a stick up her nose so that she started to bleed.. 
Ok i shall do one math paper per day. My math is really lousy! And tuition isn't helping!   - http://tweet.sg
Smh... My poor freshly pressed roots  the sun is not my friend right now!
Relaxing after a semi-long day at work. My cell phone is dead and my charger is 150 miles away  Oh well, such is life. Lol!
I LOVE pollen - My eyes feel like I rubbed Ajax in them.  
@MidWestGame I Can't From My Phone.... 
Ouch. I am in so much pain. Too much clubbing. My back hurts, my head, my legs, everything. 
Ready to go party! My boxer is not too happy about it since she can't come  http://twitpic.com/6abj2
Annoyed that stainless steel fridges can't hold magnets. My ceramic one from Istanbul has broken. 
GAH ! My phone is dying !  Who else with a bb clicks 'emergency call' just to restore their connections for one last tweet/bbm/txt ?! Haha
Help....My picture has gone poof !!!!  
Does anyone have a Motorola phone charger? My battery is almost completely dead  #barcampnyc4
Accident 2day (no injuries, her fault)  My pretty black Mazd3 has a big dent/scratch running front to back down the driver's side. *cries*
@Meshelleelaine My phone is SOOOO dead. As usual. 
I left my Lakers cufflinks at home  along with my gold cumberbund and purple bowtie. Memory fail. My penguin suit is boring.
@jtone33 Mannnn, ciroc and goose all night. My girl had a gallon of each on the party bus! Kept refilling my cup without adding juice! 
@mfeige I left my Lakers cufflinks at home  along with my gold cumberbund and purple bowtie. Memory fail. My penguin suit is boring.
At LAMAS listening to Forgive Durden. My iPod is on shuffle and I can't turn it off. Can't see my screen. 
Oh no! My iPhone is dying! Random shutdowns 
@clairecmc Ouch! Hopefully she'll feel better in a day.My wisdom extraction went well but I know some who got swollen &amp; in pain for days 
People always judge a book by its cover i wish they would at least read the 1 page before. My BF dumped me 
@DomHancock Worse. My greatest asset has been punctured.  I have a brace and a pump. It's gonna take weeks of work to build it back up 
Had about 1,000 calories yesterday. My goal was 300  Today, goal is 400, current is 300 (orange, part of a muffin, sharp cheddar cheese)
Damn. My mood ring is getting that browny-hue in the middle again. Ahh! 
I just threw up in my mouth while I'm eating.  Watching Chyna Kardashian on E! posing for an anti-fur ad.  My eyes are burning.  
Couldn't find any Gameboy Advance games  My daughter must play the same for the next 2 weeks.
Just watched Scrubs, &quot;My Finale&quot;.  &quot;You smell like a fatherfigure&quot;
@jimmski that's awful. Is he very old? My mums having tests for bowel cancer and abdominal aortic anerysm 
Ok, taking laptop upstairs to read fanfic in bed.  My back is just killing me. 
My friend said, &quot;Eh, it was okay........&quot; about My Lovely.  That makes me feel good!
Think I'm gonna get off of here now.  My alone time is over, everyone is here.  
not folding clothes right out of the dryer = no bueno. My hanes white Vs are hellllla wrinkly.  I wish Kirkland made V necks.
@bigjsl I fully expected the #nbn fibre to go above ground here, right next to my existing power and phone... My suburb has no non-TW DSL 
How am I tired already and I haven't even hit the streets yet!  My friends are right... I am a grandma  #FB
Went shopping with mommy today My hands hurt from the bags  I'm sooo laughy right now
Walking instead of waiting  4 bus. My right foot has been hurting today when I walk and my back right back/hip  MS sure SUX =P
OMG! My internet hasn't been working for the past... Three hours! 
Ah well . . . It's time for me to shut down the computer. My precious music which I don't have a CD for, will have to stop for the night 
ARGH! My internets are being squeezed... Not cool when shaping makes you talk in kbps again. 
@lartist Bad news Lar. My Origami USA trip has been cancelled 
Mom just called. My brother's dog died while they were dogsitting. 
Damn - My check in at 5:45PM didn't go through.  - http://bkite.com/081mw
@reason70630 Hater. My baby is going home early  But no worries, by other Baby is going ALL the way! Kobe in '09
@chicrunner haha! Shopping was with my cousin! My bf wouldn't do that either  good luck on the race!
Thank goodness I only have 2 more hrs of work left tonight. My back is spazzing again  hasn't for a good month too. Grr.
Woohoo! My first Tweet!  I really need to get an iphone 
Whiskey shots with the roomies then heading to a party on Congress. My phone exists no more, so don't even try 
I just ruined my @beck poster from the Sea Change tour in 2003      My heart is breaking.
Chillin w/ kemie watching movies!!!!!!!!!! My manz went on a mission 2night 
Runny nose. My nose is sooo red. Continuous sneezing. Can`t. Stop. 
twitter is wack. Anywho I am at The Reserve with my besties then headed downtown...My myspace page is phishlocked so I cant log on 
@_Cube_ Ouch. Yes you have been a naughty, naughty boy!!! I cant seem to manually unfollow anyone at the moment. My twitter is broken 
Late night at the 24 hour Walmart wearing an obnoxious amount of pink. Getting munchies. My head feels like it's bleeding on the inside 
@jcordelia GAH! Dust should be illegal. I feel like stealing a leaf blower and just blowing it all out the window! My poor nose 
OMG, My sisters friend is over and he is so boring and he is pissing me off 
http://twitpic.com/6bitq - My Faaaaaavorite shirt   Gone!
Death Angel &quot;Bored&quot; My sis was going out with the cousin of these guys and she broke up with him  ? http://blip.fm/~7d3ly
@Rosymeg - hey you! heard your cold isn't gettting better! oh dear  .  My sister just said that she is down @ the beach in Surfers...
@kelleyella KTVA just said it was one house. My neighbor said it was an elderly couple in their 80s 
Searching Craigslist for countertop microwave oven and toaster oven. My microwave died tonight. 
Uggh. My tummy hurts. 
@reneenay http://twitpic.com/6bjlw - Oooh, Weimaraner? They are soo pretty.  My poor little dog has to have surgery next week. 
Good wknd! Beyonce was.. pretty damn good. My baby is gone tho 
@GCUnderhill My pleasure Thank you am losing 5 people an hour, guess they don't love me  I did remove allot they didn't have their DM on
@LadyG007 I'm sorry.  My condolences and prayers. He's with the Father of us all.
Was woken by smashing and crashing in the kitchen this morning. My draining board fell taking 3 plates, 2 mugs and 2 glasses as victims. 
Ready to sleep!!! My eyes burn 
MOVING  Picking up a U-haul in, like, 7 hours. And: that stupid &quot;halle berry&quot; song is stuck in my head. My mantra: &quot;this, too, shall pass&quot;
@jaws_1 Ours are never very impressive, but yours are 
That was actually one single loooong run. I lost GPS halfway through and had to restart. My back ached the whole way. 
@xcarliex woah crazy! My train was at 11:30 lol. How did you miss him?  Was he getting swamped? aha.
Eeee broken hair straigtner. My baby! 
I wasn't even in WeHo for 5 min and some guy smacked me in the face...I was on my cell and it few out of my hand and split. My poor nose. 
Yuck. I'm sick.  My throat hurts like slicing your leg open, sticking it in a tub of salt and barbed wire and then burning it on the oven.
Oww. My eye stings. 
I'm going out on my bike again with my Dad.  My legs still hurt from last time 
Hit and run is no fun   My car got hit so badly it went 20 meters after the hit, and the stupid ##$@ other car simply ran away.
I Stubbed My Tow Three Times Today Already.  N I Tripped And Pulled My Akeleez Tenden Muscle in My Ankle, N Fell On My Arm. (N)
@PantsforCameron it was on Fox ;)  My wireless isn't working 
:  I will be in Paducah tonight. My blackberry is still broken though   And the Longhorns won in extra innings without cheating. Congrats.
So I finally signed up to twitter! My MSN isn't working though.. 
CoD4: Having a terrible time this morning. My hard drive is so full the lagg I'm shooting where people WERE and not where they are! 
I hate printing things &gt; Got to print 2 copies of a maths test. My ink iwll get wasted 
Tragic news. My neighbor lost her home  this morning was like a movie. I can't believe the way things happened.
@TreeinCally Our days are warm, nights cold, mid-winter here. My electric blanket stopped working last night.. i am ADDICTED to the thing 
Hmm, summer really is here.  My hayfever is kicking in!  
Time for a break. Lunch, a cuppa and catch some rays. My brain's aching from sitting at PC for hours doing Uni work 
I'm making coffee. Hah! My lungs hurt. 
Well, I don't have apendicitis, but I do have work related stress illness. My stomach has too much acid.  they're running more tests.
@MissJia Chile, I am done! Between you and @juiceegapeach ... My eyeballs are going to deteriorate because of these two videos!  
@DarkPiano LOREN, emergency, this is lizrose. My account has been suspended- I dont know what to do! 
Ewwww!! My girl dog just farted really loud  smelly ass
Ate too much yesterday. My tummy hurts! 
Finally on here! My twitter page has been broken   HOT day 2day!! Been to the beach and now sunbathing out back with Dewi. School 2moz !
Rockfest over few bruises. Hubby's coming home. My party is over  Ola
@dangerxriot haha yeah. My iPhone = my life. Crazy. I get annoyed of myself at times. Why'd you get your phone taken away? 
Six Flags was beast!! My camera doesnt work anymore though  Makes me sad. But it was fun anyway(:
@TweetDeck My tweetdeck isn't even working. 
Argh, screw you Henderson.  My essay isn't enough about Aboriginal languages, so much as bilingual education ;_;
Took some excedrin, but it's not working yet.   My skin hurts.  Waaaaaah.
I thnk i shuld go talk 2 ppl but im kinda shy. UHG. My stomache hurts.   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
Hmm, clearing cache and cookies fixed it.  Bizarre.  My cookies 
Oh and now Sizemore is on the DL. My poor Cleveland sports teams 
OH GOD Lilac Fest started with a marching band. My poor head 
Final day to the weekend, all the fam has headed back home.  My cousins wedding was beautiful!! Bring on Thanksgiving!!
Cavs are done.  My free time just increased.....  
@JennaMadison sorry didn't tweet back. just got tired and went to bed. Dropped the ball on that one. My bad sorry 
I think my pre-exam panic is setting in. Oh. My. God I hope I don't fail tomorrow  (fyi it's commercial law tomorrow afternoon).
Oh gosh. My battery in my cellphone is dead  Couldn't update.
I wasn't even in WeHo 5 min and some guy came up and smacked me in the face... I was on my cell and it flew out of my hand. My poor nose. 
Gosh, My Shoulders Hurt ... 
@AnnaDeStefano My oldest drove back to school today. Won't see her for 2 1/2 months!   But I can store stuff in her room again. 
0mG! My St0mAcH hUrTs S0 bAd 
fell down running to her room singing My LIps Like Sugar.  Owww. 
@_Quil_Ateara Grrr!  You ated My S'morez.
Just woke up! My poor Ash couldn't sleep 
http://twitpic.com/6cku7 - My Burn... Darn that kettle  IT STINGSSS!!
has anyone ever been to MedExpress? My doctors office is closed and I don't know if think can wait until tomorrow. 
is wincing with her sunburn. Husband had giggling fits to see chesticles half red raw, half milky-white. My shower tonite was a pain fest 
Well.....he's gone. My biggest crush ever..is gone. he moved away  I hate this, I had so much faith in him. We had so much potential.
@ijustine Oh, that cant be good! poor GPS... My GPS lady gets angry 
I pray to be only yours, I pray to be only yours, I know that tou're my only hope... 
I pray to be only yours, I pray to be only yours, I know that you're my only hope... 
Loving the sun and BBQ wether. My feet hurt from all the walking though. 
Loving the sun and BBQ weather. My feet hurt from all the walking though 
@LornaRamsey I'm gonna dress like that from now on! My money's on one of the boring clay court specialist ppl, Verdasco or someone 
Woke up. All my medicine is worn off and i'm out of more. My mom doesn't come home for a few more hours. Momma why? 
@ZackRabbit Sorry, buddy. My computer crashed yesterday  Your music video is awesome! When I sign up for YouTube I'm gonna subscribe 2 u!
@PiLaRnOvA Thank you..it was very nice!! My phone died was not able to twitpic 
Omg I've been sitting here too long. My butt hurts 
I felt like I just hit the sack then after a few seconds, Ate Juliet was waking me already. My head hurts. 
Life sucks balls. My brother ran away last night. Nobody knows where he is  fuck this.
http://twitpic.com/6csi0 - My baby is in jail!!  FREE HERO! x
Bored out of My Head: Comfort eating right now! i will pay hard street running in the morning!! 
Running now up to 5 miles.I really enjoy it.Watched Giro recorded yesterday,I'm going to miss it,1 day left.My pet Parsley died today 
@JoelMadden So scary!!! My heart stoped few second 
Awesome. My car wont start again. Stranded at kenmore 
Hurt my leg (the one that was least hurt last time) on my bike AGAIN today. WTF, self? My love affair with my bike is clearly  one-sided 
Eek. My tummy hurts. 
@ordinary__ no  unless it's a free preview weekend or something. My mother loves it but she won't buy it! CRAZY!
Ack! My phone's ear piece isn't working. Looks like It's speaker or text for me for now 
Sorry I can't update that much! My computer isn't at my house anymore. 
@taeisme I really hate the south for that bit of tradition. My folks are in NC so I'm very familiar with that &quot;law&quot; 
@hello_jodie I bought a magic diet potion... Hopefully that will help!  My diet has started... no good food again EVER.  
Ok that didn't go t plan. My mommy fell asleep 15 mins befour the end 
@renny_ma I Dont KNo WHats WROng Wit My PIc   
@unahealyfan Seriously?! My God wow! Devoted! :-D  I wanted to go but can't; rehearsals - booo! 
@iLoveNickJ4LIFE  Mine too. My mom bought me her necklace for my 17th birthday &amp; i think i lost it. 
Hmm. My experiment phailed. 
Omg I cleaned this house from top to bottom with bleach! My nose is burning everytime I inhale I still smell the bleach.. 
@djdimepiece I'm mad! My lil sis kicked my ass in Wii Tennis 
@RachelMcFly what? Where? Leme seeeeeee!!! My DVD still hasn't come actually! 
@JerZmusic WTF! My sisters &amp; I JUST left there! 
Fried Macaroni at Picasso's... My parents want me to be fat  http://twitpic.com/6ddv9
@jamie_sterling  My life has been empty for awhile, but I still remain happy. Most of the time.
@KimKardashian Noooo  My fav show to watch on Sundays!
@TAFF_UPTOP Lmao...i figured that. My phone is dead, charging it now. What's your #....I know!!! I should know it by heart  LOL.
Brian Stole My ice cream 
Damn, fuck it .. I hate the game! My friends are doing Spirituality .. I'm afraid! 
I love Dominican house parties!!!! We know how to throw a party  btw.. My arm hurts  lmfaooo
So psyched!!! My lost/stolen phone was turned in to a Verizon store up here! Minus the pics + contacts of course 
@synshibby Rooting for Detroit but don't care that much. My Caps are out 
@Mynameisagus Where are you at? My BFF in England can't see it till tomorrow. 
Just painted my nails. Now what? My nose itches, I'm hungry and I'm inspired to write. I;m stuck - Crap just messed up my thumb 
@thehannabeth http://twitpic.com/6dl4g - Sorry... wrong pic. My bad 
Just got to Diamond Bar. My big toe hurts 
@jeanniefeed I wanna watch it but I have an issue.. my hubby is watching American Dad in the room I am in.. My comp isnt a laptop either 
Just ordered this touchscreen phone from LG! The &quot;Cookie&quot;. http://tinyurl.com/cn7to3 My BlackBerry was broken by a girl at school... 
@StacyDerosby I know   lol  My fault...DEW was on the brain...I think I got more pix with him than I did anyone all weekend!! haahah
@Jensonb My ISP caps my connection now from 6pm-12am everyday. Perfect timing for when the live shows start streaming 
C.H.A.D Children having a dream. E.V.A.N Everyone Violated A Nudist. My abbriviation sucks. 
Oh ho ho! I just finished my essay! Gosh. My neck is still killing me 
@vgcarlos yeah I guess!.. Wow yours was cooler!!  lol
@MaggieDammit Oh I'm so sorry! My thoughts are with you! What a beautiful dog, I'll hug my lab tight for you tonight. 
Awwwwww. My little Epsilon is scared of the thunder  I feel bad for him. He's crying...
Also, @hulu interface needs serious UX/UI attention. Is there a 3rd party tool to clean up subscriptions? My unsubs won't go off queue! 
Just got home. TTA was amazingg, best show they've played. My back hurts. 
Sigh. I don't know why a friend would deliberately try to &quot;push my buttons&quot; to make me upset.  My life sucks enough already, thanks.
@iluvTERRICKA Morning! I'm still trying to find the end of the final show. My DVR cut it off! 
My Nike+ wristband seems to have died - or at least the screen. My MBP recognises it, but nothing showing on screen. 
@danceamydance Well, both of them. My bro with dreads has cut his dreads off. Bad times. 
Just woke up....that last tweet was from 3 hours ago.  My temp was 99.5 then, now it is 103.    how long til I need to go to the ER?????
@DJYoungSamm Yea! But I Can't DM Frm My Phone  But If Yu Around Wodie Txt Me He Got My Number!
Working on a new website today ' MBKphotos .co.uk' .My next plan.... Problem with ' Adobe Contribute' connecting to server at the moment 
Ha. Peeked over at my FB, and it looks like a status message 'splosion. My bad - more time on my hands than usual. 
Got motion sickness on mini cruise to belgium. My Deep Sea cocktail ended up in the mini bar for the maid!!! So unfair!  
http://twitpic.com/6e4m6 - My newborn nephew in PI. his right eye is seriously damaged. please pray for him! 
First day of june... HOORAY! My abs hurt. 
@alanjporter Nice! My mom, pilot wannabe, had clippings from Earhart's entire journey &amp; disappearance. Mom's mom threw all out after row. 
Waxing Appt., Cleaning w/ Mary, AND premiere of The Hangover. My day is suppose to start @ 7 &amp; Im not even prepared .. No sleep for me 
I just drank a glass of water that had saw dust in it. Damn construction in my kitchen. My throat is buggin now!! 
@nandini_bando (GROAN) My day won't be over until the dinner I HAVE to attend at night. I hate going out on Mondays   and not have fun.
@morningreverie OMG bet u can't wait!!! My cousion has seen the show like 4 times! I've never seen it 
@Axelsrose: ooc My (Canadian) phone fails because it is locked, I cannot have the sound of drums as my ringtone. And it's not unlockable. 
@Orchidflower aaashr, I should go &amp; lie down again. My brains not working  Yeah, had my rear end rearranged in the ice by a Merc!
@Dfunktxpression And I'm sick right now. So...yeah. My body hates the milk of cows. Goddamn 
Stuck inside learnin stuff!? My head hurts 
@LuukChristiaens Worn out maybe but not negatively atmosphere....you are too severe   My intentions missed the point then 
@JimAyson Cool. My big issue is that I can't bring those stats to client when the site explicitly says US consumers. 
says I'm back to my Nokia Phone.  My SE is acting up again. Damn seawater! [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xlvu7
Not in a real good  mood. My grandma died.  I miss her so much. *Sigh* School, ew. Bye.
Event in office.. Music quiz.. My partner didn't show up so Im the audience now 
My arms hurt from that stupid barrier. My neck hurts cause it does. I have no voice &amp; my feet are just ouchhhhhh! Oh well, work time 
Good morning. I woke up a couple of minutes ago. My phone was almost destroyed last night. I went to sleep at 2. And I'm exhausted. 
@RocknRollForeva Kinda...My chemistry tutor is giving me a test tomorrow...    But I'm gonna have to study sooner or later 
@gssq Combining leh. My friend was telling me can ship 30 for USD 33, then @iro_ny said 20 for USD 45. You have any idea? 
@NEWS25jchrisos You're not alone in being sick after vacation. My wife and oldest daughter are BOTH under the weather today. 
Argh. My feet &amp; my back hurts! 
@XLoubyX Can you do that??!! My dad is bare stingy too I shouldhave watched it last night 
@susestudio Hmm - My userid has stopped working 
Off to vball camp! Omg! My stomach hurts! 
Really tired this afternoon &amp; I have the beginnings of a cold. My throat is killing me. Grrrr  Better be gone before my holiday next wk!
@3Steez aaahhh. i know. but i just don't have time, i really dont   My eye is all swollen lmao.. not a good look
@meatsticks just validated my cloud of sadness. My new name is Zoloft 
Just woke up from a wee nap. Feeling like crap today and left work early. My wrist is getting increasingly sore and I might head to A&amp;E. 
Got no sleep. My son was up sick all night  Now I need to get ready for work!
Didn't get any sleep last night. My nephew slept very wild and kept waking me up. Now I'm sore and tired 
@LornaRamsey Deffo no for tonight I'm afraid  My cold/hayfever thing is still here big time, going to a gig wouldn't be good. Sorry 
@Sin31415 Ahhh hello. My exam went ok, as well as can be expected yay. Fishie is losing his scales  but he seems perky so fingers crossed!
@monnie @tuttle88 @ChanelZampogna My day was fail. Pretty sure tomorrow will be fail too. Poop 
The whole left side of my head hurts. My throat, my ear, the outside of my neck... Feels all swollen and uncomfortable. 
@Frak_Attack My coffee tastes funny. I can't finish it. 
@Elb306 it was so good!! how was yours? i haven't seen you in yeeeeears!  
I have a sick baby.  Doctor appointment at 2:10. My poor boo!
@ARo17 My dad works for GM  say a prayer!
@stujmiller Poor little mite  Well, at least it's over with at this age. My uncle's never had it and gets very paranoid about it now!
@heatherbrewer I is gonna cry. My computer/camera hate me. I've been trying to upload my pic for the contest since yesterday morning.  Ugh
Is feeling like shit.... My life is going upside down.... Idk wut to do 
Gotta pay rent, cable, car insurance, renew registration, buy a place ticket, and get my car door fixed.  My walet is scared.  
@TomFelton That must be one of the most awesome feelings ever. My Ipod's songs got deleted though. The syncing went horribly wrong. 
@fossiloflife Oh, I didn't read your tweet. My humor detector is broken 
@pez_gurl Ewww.  Are at the dentist? My sympathies! &lt;3
: : uqhh I qot to send My phone off . Packaqe just came today .  Its qonna be a WHOLE week until The new one comes 
I wont be Tweeting much , My phone was sent away for repairs 
@buffywoo ty  My dad gave me the most gentle patty hug before he went to work. Was hilarious.
Celebrated my sons 10th bday @ putt putt. It was a success. My lil mans all grown up 
Vanishing plane. Jesus. They say there's a baby on board.  My thoughts to all the families.
I feel chatty today. Too bad I don't have a phone.  I am going to leave for lunch soon. My car needs a state inspection. Weee!
http://twitpic.com/6emx5 - Stupid allgery testing!! My arm hurts pretty bad. 
I'm so sunburnt. My legs are agony, I feel like I'm on fire! Sun lotion didnt work 
@hookedonwinter Not enough of them, though   My ideal world would have a Breakfast King on every corner. And it would rain beer and chile.
is trying to pick out homeowners insurance... Ahhhhh! My brain hurts 
@hip_hip_jorge My thoughts are with those families, too. Air disasters are incomprehensible, they're so awful.Frightening to think about 
@TBNewsMinute Yes....you are right. My condolences 
@KaseyHilton I'm jealous. My Mondays always stink 
Number of viewers is going up (Thanks out there!), but no sales.  My Etsy store: http://bit.ly/OVVbv
Numbers of viewers are going up (Thanks out there!), but no sales.  My Etsy store: http://bit.ly/OVVbv
Agh, I didn't get any sleep last night! My poor voice 
I need to buy new trainers for badminton. My current ones hurt my big toe  They're running shoes too. I need proper badminton shoes. NEED!
Not a good day  My dog is not with me anymore, I will miss you dear Tango 
@xLucyloox My Dog, wont be back from the vets until tonight  then he might need another operation 2moro :'(
Waiting to board the plane. Frustrated that Safari on my iphone not picking up the wifi providers home page   My ASAS eee works fine
Oh whoops! Make that 6 days before. My vacation starts. 
@erin_bury Can't make it to your b-day parteh. My sister got me tickets to the TFC game that day and we're making a night of it. Sorry 
Intel Core i5 should be announced  My Q6600 feels old 
Rite now, I'm @ da mall. Gettn my hair done! It so needs it!!! My hair is SOOOO lifeless!!   Seriously!!!
Long and hot weekend! Watched Rang de Basanti with my parents in german! What a torture for me!  My Dad liked the movie!
I'm getting closer and closer to being done with packing everything up!!! My time in Knox is running out...  
Omg! My back hurts sooo bad! I think i slept wrong 
@MauricioCBB ARGH, don't talk about Blackberries.  My dad won one, and i want it to me so much.
Going to bed. My alarm goes off at 6:45 AM.. 
Spending My last full day in My hood with all Mi loves.. &lt;3. Don't wanna go back yet 
Gah! My eyes are getting swimmy! &gt; Better go see if I can head this off at the pass before it turns into a migraine 
RY res mortgage rate up Markets still on Cialis. All my stocks in the green finally, yay! A rally that shall Never end My YRI + G hurting 
My Birthday party was sad. My little friends didn't show up  I got presents anyway, so that was good. CAKE!!
Just back from computer support visit to neighbour. Their 8Mb broadband is actually delivering 135k. Oh dear 
@TinyTwitter how do I get to the Menu? My menu button on the Bb is not working 
@BrumGPA They came on at 20 past last week in Manc. My last train was at 11:10 aswell, was sooo worried 
@bencullimore - Geography  I revise, but nothing appears to be sinking in. My brain has turned in to mushhh
Ian left The Cab? My life suddenly has less meaning. I love that kid. 
@kyleboon pretty sweet.  My keg is sad at the moment with a clogged line.  Likely won't be able to fix it until I get back from COS.  
Dont think the mp3 player is coming today  My neighbor is so loud &amp; annoying.
Uggg - BF made me sick! My throat hurts. 
@Lapp what is this? My husband got laid off 
@stuartkp Sorry, I just realized you tweeted me. My day was okay. I'm glad you liked my blog! How was your day? I know it's late there! 
God I feel like I'm 80 yrs old  My body is so sore. It's time for a nice hot shower! Tweet you later. bahahaha
@fountain1987 Oh My God...Loved Hollyoaks, Defo Very Emotional! Shame Your Leaving!  xx
devasting news about the French Airliner. My prayers go out to all the families 
Watched McLeod's daughters at my sisters place; trying to sleep! It isn't really working. My alarm will go of 6:30 tommorow! Noooo! 
@bearbutt sorry you have alergies!  That's a huge drag! My Dad has them real bad too, I lucked out &amp; didn't ge that gene thank goodness!
@BetterisLittle Um, pretty much that's the only kind. I've tried tons and tons of brands. My favorite kind they don't sell anymore. 
When I say its hot at this golf course, I mean its HOT!  My tan gonna be crazy this summer!!  Oops my agency doesn't want me to tan 
Urgh. My phone is gay. It took me like 5 minutes to get a connection to the internet. 
@Jarrelgotswaq My Everything By Mila J almost got it ri buh its too complicated 
Cheer practice. My neck is so bruised from forward rolling and my head is pounding from tumbling  oh well...only 15 more minutes!
Wow I just ahd an amazing COLD shower  My sunburn hurts 
PROCRASTINATION! &gt;.&gt; Don't wanna do my English work. Grrrrrr. My zune broke today; fml. No more music. 
Ugh...WTH my phone been trippin ever sine that damn update came! My lil sister just text me &amp; said she got her update &amp; her phone is fine 
oh my God! My dad just called from JamDown. I miss him soooooo much. 
@JCINISTA My poor, little hometown does  Vallejo. You prolly haven't heard of it.
I'm super sad face at the moment. Everything, my life during my hs years, are all the memories are GONE. My laptop officially broke .. 
Noooo! My Horde  button is missing off my bag! 
@guille171170 Bwah, me, too!  I don't like summers down here cause the weather's so wonky...and humid.  My curly hair hates it.  
When your floor-to-ceiling vertical blinds come crashing down, you WISH you had a man. My arms hurt 
The guy Who claims to be my father is nothing but a figure who looks like me and shares my DNA from this point on. My father is gone. 
@Pink hm maybe I should give the vb a chance.  Massive thunderstorm happening in Perth right now. My puppy is such a scaredy cat 
http://twitpic.com/6fook - My first tessellation done from Gerde's book. Sorry the picture is a bit blurry 
@annebendixen i can't go to ATL  My sons second birthday party is that weekend.
Cell phone temporarily out of commission while I deal with Verizon.  My phone is awful 
O. M. G. Just saw such a brilliant flash of lightning, wish I could've caught it on camera. My timing is horrible with that kind of thing 
Im starting to feel better. My fever broke so.. that makes all the difference. Sure am bored of just being home in bed though 
@CosmicArtz Again, I am so so sorry this has happened. My heart is with you.  feel free to share thoughts to me if you like...
@trini1 : Is there any good soul food spots in NYC. My mind is going blank, only popeyes and KFC comes to mind 
@arthabaska Thanks for the tip about removing all those fonts, too, BTW. Very helpful! My Ubuntu box's in storage cuz I'm moving, tho 
Office is over-full today. 2 new short-term contractors. 1 new work exp student. 2 back from leave. My foot-resting chair's been stolen 
Just got back from Cold Stone. Eating ice cream when you are lactose intolerant isn't a good idea. My poor tummy. 
@laauuren I miss The King and I!!! My first Thai food and still the best  Rochester had awesome food
I miss hanging diapers on a line.  My youngest is 4 so I don't get to use CD's anymore... #clothdiapers
My heart goes out to the endless families about to get hit with the effects of GM going bankrupt. My home state bleeds. 
@magichat wacko is okay. My complaint is that its only a little flat tasting. Bring back hocus pocus 
I have a car &amp; Im now cross trained as a server = YAY!  My Dad just got laid off from his job of like, 20 years = no words can express 
@kikimarie593 Oh that sucks.. sorry  My battery is giving me problems today but its new so I hope it stops. How old is your brother?
Oww. My elbow just cracked. Ouch. 
Aaaaahhhhhh...I Just Broke My Phone. 
Just may have killed his Linux partition T_T ...stupid faulty electrical outlet. My root.disk is corrupted 
Holy shit... Washing machine repair man fucked up and now half our house is flooded with 2inches of water. My shoes are soaked.. 
@uhmandaburns Awesome! My mother refuses to let us play the Sims because she's convinced the first version killed our computer years ago 
Ima get ready for tomorrow.  Wooh school -__- My tummy hurts 
@Ms_Nicholson man!! My boy actually got word he got tix right as he was gonna call to see if he could get some! He only had 2 tho 
Stupid chapstick. Turns out I must have been allergic to something in it. My lip has broken out in hives or something, it's all irritated 
@Selfish_Meme the risks are not so small unfortunally, watch the video in that article. My dd2 was injured w vax 
Sitting at Home Sad,My grandpa just died today 
@jennchambless We are driving through the night to Arkansas and I am navigating. My phones almost dead. 
@lamere Wait until solids! My 25-mo-old just weaned herself this week, kind of sad about it  #clothdiapers
@krist0ph3r w00t! Congrats man. Wait, when did you buy Xperia X1? :-O My bad for not keeping track of it. 
Bummer.. My parents said no  well, cuz we can't have pets in our apartment anymore so bahhhh lamesauce !!
@JosephGerman Oh goodness, that songs annoys me! My friends love to jam to it, but it doesn't make sense at all! 
@JONGIRL79 Well. I don't know. My friends who&quot;d been on the London concerts told me they feel that was the last chance... and it seems 
OWW My measuring tape just snapped back against my upper arm  LOL
@BeckyBuckwild Ah u just brought tears 2 my eyes. She Believes In Me. My parents wedding song n dad recently passed  The song is good tho
http://twitpic.com/6ga15 - My bento box. Late lunch... So hungry 
@miranda_jane Funny that. My umbrella just went missing. I don't like your umbrella thieving workmate 
Alright! So. Good news and bad news! My glasses are for sure broken.  I'm getting contacts tomorrow!  My head hurts though. /tf2on
FCK! My phone is dying  like dying as in breaking. Fcking shitt!!!  I need a new phone.
Good m0nting! 2 day I have 2 do a lot!! My last intervieuw is 2 day and then a lot of paper work yay can't wait  what r u guys doing 2 day
Ugg. My dMb package is shipping US mail?!? It will be forever til I get it 
@Zuzumoo OOOoo*~*~ WANT. My green ones look scary 
Just maxing out. Done cleaning for the night. I wonder if my mom could buy me an SD card for my birthday. My phone is fucked without one. 
Gah, couldn't sleep. My brain just refused and I told my brain to shut it and it didn't. Going to be a long day 
Playing elephant polo today at Lord Snooty's. My mallet's not long enough though. I've been mostly hanging off Jumbo's ear when scoring. 
Darn! Who in the world uses Konquerer as development browser and codes in DHTML! My client 
Stayed up insanely late, ended up watching Chronicles of Narnia 2. My tummy's upset from staying up all night 
Going 2 the ER. My hubby don't feel good  
@urbansmiler KFC is so addictive! Fighting the urge 2 jump in my car.. My sisters tweet is egging me on.. 
All my stuff is moved.... My room looks so empty.  Oh... The memories.
@hannahurquhart7 Haha, sorry!!! My bad  But, it'll be up on Youtube again like last time, so don't worry about missing it!
Jungle Jims was awesome last night!! My bestie leaves today 
@luisaramirez It'll probably get put on the FB group. Nooo I haven't  My exams start tomorrow so I've been pretty much locked up recently
Argh. My stupid alarm clock doesn't work right and I keep waking up late 
I gots me a new harmonica   My lips are numb    Fun though!
Hate bringing books back at the end of the year. My bag is heavy 
@mschantebaby I don't know!  I want to go so badly. My friend @Majiesto is there covering the expo for @PS3Attitude
i meant Analysis. My brain is scrambled 
F.u. Youtube. My new video hasnt been appearing in peoples subscriptions list  http://bit.ly/19fjSH
@RoxanneZYG My thoughts EXACTLY   got to excited and did not run down by the dyes and grab it.
Called in. My stomach is kicking my ass right now 
Remember those allergies I had yesterday? They weren't allergies, I'm sick. &amp; I have a 99.8 fever. My life keeps getting better &amp; better 
ARGH! My leg is still hurting. Hopefully Advil works today 
is back in her own bed. Alone. Looking to the stars. My new place won't have stars 
@InterCall  My company must enjoy torturing us! I'm afraid to say that it's the same old hold music.   but thank you for checking!*sob*
I didnt mean to make you worry my My Queen Muneca ....but i was truly sick when i got off the Plane 
&quot;Cool!&quot; My mobile phone is broken &amp; now i temporarily have to use my dad's old nokia 3310 
@zalpz   No se.  My Gmail isn't acting up.  Sorry hon!
Spilled coffee all over my desk. My Etch-a-Sketch is mortally wounded. 
@davidcoallier I go to short.ie, I am recognised as a user, I click on &quot;Analytics&quot;, requires login, type, login, I'm sent to &quot;My account&quot; 
Our little dog just chewed up my Mom's 3 day old shoes. My fault, I thought she would be fine for 15 min while I took a shower. Wrong! 
Wow. My money gone. I'm going for a movie nxt week. I need to buy Sims 3 and pay my share of new hp. 
Watching the last ever ER. My fave show ever has come to an end 
OMG.  My ovaries feel like they're being ripped out and chewed.  
@rorowe Awww I missed my chance to discuss the serial comma  My opinion:  Use it.
transferring my bib for the My First Tri -  I'm not going to be ready for it....
note to self : check for types you twat! My big tough Pitbull hid under the blankets in bed with me today - Its storm season !! yay!! 
Can't sleep. Swear the clock stayed 12:59 for an hour. My brother and @shaunjumpnow passed out to my right ages ago... I'm boredddd 
Gold at 984 and climbing. My reaction is simultaneously &quot;yikes&quot; and &quot;yay&quot;. Hello inflation, goodbye dollar 
Home from Melbourne, what a great weekend. My ear is STILL blocked up, it's so crappy. 
@brianhogg We didn't win the bid for the big client job  My freelance plate which was promising only last week is now empty again. Booo.
@XDKirsty no it's changed to the engine rooms.. Free butt cancelled My show 
Awake can't fall back asleep. Thunder woke me up. My throat is way too dry and hurting. Ugh. Mullet doesn't like to poop in the rain. 
Muse on tour... O_O *cries* My moneys gone 
It's such a sad fate for that France plane.   My thoughts &amp; prayers goes out to all the loved ones of those passengers. 
@needsredbull Sounds familiar. My digital camera was stolen when I was in Spain 75% of the way into the trip. 300 photos lost  Sorry.
Yep. My brother @beachjd agrees. Dang it...more cleaning must be done 
@joebendesigns I absolutely HATE when they do that...esp when it has to do with my kids. My doctor does that a LOT. 
@benyyz oh ya, it was great...not so much.  left me with an icky feeling all over.  My poor Jeep 
@Brandolina5 I replied to it on nadine's phone but never saw another one. Whoops lol. My house is on a flood line so it's not applicable 
@RichOink No Fair My Twitters Worth $11 
@starlessdesigns My uncle actually chastised one of my 39 year old friends for his language on my page. My family has killed FB for me 
Goin to lay down... My head hurts 
Any Flash experts out there? I need help.  My swf plays fine on the computer, but only goes for 2 seconds when put onto the kiosk. #qqlf?
@Anoopdoggdesai You mean you will be in DC three weekends after I visited there?! My heart is breaking right now lol 
Damn hot guy behind me and no coy way to take his pic  My old phone you could take a pic w/the lid closed.
@Pepsimo Aw that's awful...id be lost without her! My Dad passed away 9 yrs ago and i still miss him terribly!! 
@ashleaJONAS My body is set to wake up in the mornings  Tis a good thing, but it's bad for today. Blah...
So sick... Probably shouldn't have gone to work. My body hates me 
Finally back online.  My IP profile is stuck at 2000 at the moment though 
On the bus &amp; this lady's tiddies r SSSSSAAaaagggggiiiiiiing OUCH. My heart goes out to her  That's gravity fo yo ASS!
http://twitpic.com/6i1gw - Can anybody tell that I'm bored. I'm uploading picture of stupid stuff. My fat self. agh. 
Movin My BFF To Queens... 
What's been your experience with NO? Is it worth it?  My copy of Brink's BBR got lost in my other comp  #bodybuilding #fitness #p90x
@virtudude I feel like crying! I'm so disappointed! My mom has a super old PC (XP) but I don't think it will work on that either. 
Was really hoping for sushi for dinner, but we waited and now all is closed  My soul hurts.
Catastrophe! My favourite coffee roast doesn't taste as good as it used to 
working @ home, playing catch up at work sucks! My office has no A/C  Why did it have to have a warranty? they will never come to fix it
even now I know there are more things I have not remembered DAMN    My college file storage is gone also I feel like cryin :'( .'.'.'
@spwhitmer I miss yours, too 
@GGGKeri Yup. My body is all out of whack still  Took me off end of Feb. It sucks!!!
To be able to do some climbing this summer, I embarked on my fit plan w/ wii My Fitness Coach, how hard could that be? limping for 3 days 
AW, MAN. My dad got me Sims 3 for my birthday but it won't work on any of the computers. Major sadface 
Just got into a fight with a shelf. The shelf won. My arm's all scraped up. Boo 
@brittanhere Argh! My 360 is RROD &amp; out of warranty.  Dagger in my heart. 
So pruney... My Hands.... 
@CherylH77 You don't have to tell me that twice!! My local IGA sells them, at the counter, and it's so hard to walk past them.. 
Going to school later cause I have to wait for Comcast technician between 8am-10am. My sheets are still in the wash  How am I sleeping?
@BELiiEVEinMagic helloooo! My brother may have Swine flu 
I haven't been able to rewatch yet.  There's only one DVR in this house. I can't even go to sleep. My mind is running wild. Need 2 watch!
Tried doing push-ups and it hurt. My body is so cramped up, it's not even funny anymore. 
I'm watching &quot;Whose wedding is it anyway&quot; and I'm getting a little depressed. 
My iTunes is being stupid. I HATE when it creates multiple albums out of only one album. My cover flow is all messed up. 
@turtonica Ive used neti twice but can't get it to my forehead sinuses. Any special techniques? My forehead hurts when I cough 
Woke up with a headache... My head feels like it'll burst 
Woah I'm watching earth year2100 and woah that so sad! My gradkids! 
Woah I'm watching earth year2100 and woah that so sad! My grandkids! 
@michaelkreagan @lolasmom Oh, I am so sorry to hear of your loss. *hugs* My heart is breaking for you 
Just off to FOWA.  My day off seems to have started earlier than a work day 
I cheated. My boo took me to In-n-out.  dammmit. Guilt-ridden lookin' stomach. Burger was fucken great tho!
@cariquinn That's a lotta words missy! Sheesh! I don't envy you the 4 hours of sleep.  My whole day's off if I don't get at least 7
Have now read the same stroke awareness sign about a kajillion times! My battery is going aswell 
Concert went well. My wrist is hurting really badly all of a sudden. 
Haven't twittered in 2 days... My internet is down and now Im here in my aunt's house... 
@manicsocratic no! My comp crashed only 2 songs are on it!  Ive been listening to the radio and your CD!
I'm tired with the multiplex-producer strike... Damn, I need my movies! My movies blog died in infancy 
Oh my gosh! HUGE thunder storm! My house is shaking! I'm so scared i'm like hiding under my bed! The thunder woke me up! 
@icsuf28 OMG !!!! You got the sims 3??? Is it amazing?? My comp is broken so I can't play 
@jacobturner  I can't sleep either. Let's talk on AIM. My screen name is: m0lly all 0v3r
@xroseangelx I wouldn't have a way there tho.  My mom is gonna drop me off like 11am. but I don't have class on Fridays. Idk if that helps
Ahhhhhhhh why cant i fall back to sleep. My mind always has to be racing with though  Ill trying counting sheep. 1.. 2.. 3.. 4....
Sad.... My Bff is leaving Me for the whole summer PUNK!! She won't even be here for my Bday 
Urgh! My allergy is NOT nice to me today, and the day has just begun 
I'm watching My Bloody Valentine and its really creeping me out 
It was raining today  My hair unstraightened itself! I know Australia needs rain, but that doesn't mean I can't hate and curse it! &gt;
Urg, that's frustrating. My iPod won't sync this morning's run with the Nike website. I want to see the graph  Try again later I guess.
Loud thud outside - I thought a baseball hit the wall below the window.   But I wasn't sure.  My skin's still burning 
Fuck My Life: @TimothyH2O and now im mad  lol. last years AI, my friend was offering me backstage.. http://bit.ly/13bAc3
OMG!!! It's only the 3rd of June and winter is very definitely here!!  My feet are icicles!  Have to go ugg boot shopping tomorrow... 
Honesty is apparently NOT the best policy. Fuck My Life 
@jontracey Yes, that's the limited to 30 range. It's simply not possible to mass-convert at that price. My DIY conversion cost over that. 
Its raining back home? Ahhhh. My coffee season s'posed to start. 
Well thats a shitty start. My dad wont let me stay in travel lodge with @shannyrpi after lostprophets on my birthday 
Worked my booty off all night. I'm tired, stressed out and emotionally/physically drained. My head, heart and feet need a break. 
Where is my Graze box?!! Bloody Postroom! My fruit will be mouldy by the time I get it!! 
Well my day started off bad. Locked my keys in my car at the gas station.  My spare? Home.
@xyling @xyling   Ulcers are horrible.  That sounds like a particularly bad one!  Bonjella?  My Dad gets a lot and swears by Oraldine...
Think I am allergic to salt water. My face is all red and pimple-ly now. It was bad enough, now it is worse! 
Damn ... My great hack idea isnt going to work   unless i want to learn LUA byte code.
@5ummer Congratulations! :-D You did a great job! My problem is: I've no time 'til friday afternoon for working behind my desk! 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hi! My heart will go on... I cant upload more pics here for some reason  I will send you my pictures... Can  ...
Couldn't search my own mailbox! My Neurotransmitters are slowing down 
Is Happy I Got Over My Cold..Swear I Was On My DEATH BED! lol  Gonna Miss My Bae When He Leaves For His Cruise...*tear* =[
@tylermassey most of those look like evil My Little Ponies... regrets in the near future, I fear 
Getting a little sad soon I won't see my highschool friends anymore. My good friends, yeah, but the others, probably not.  Weird.
Goshhhh. I'm tired of school. Kill me people. My plans are all ruined. 
Just had 2 chemistry exams. Brutal. My life is ruined. there is go way I got higher than a D 
http://twitpic.com/6iwvz - My Mum's Cuisine - Service was really bad  too long a waiting time for bill, food n attention!
Well... bollocksed that exam up. My class now rests entirely on my disseratation mark, and I really, really don't want a 2.2. 
@aliceylhu Ive seen the first episode too many times  My msn is being totally homo.
Its mathematic test tomorrow. My mom keep tellin me to study and told me to turn off the computer. Ow not now mom 
my hayfever has gone  My stomach bug has gone  my stomach still hurts  Banana Phone reversed will be up very soon 
@TheMogulMom must be in the air! My blackberry lost ALL it's info yesterday! (thank God it backed itself on my laptop) good luck 
Balls. My ipod must've gotten turned on in my bag, cause it is DEAD. My metro ride is going to be hard. 
Im not doing much today. My Pirates game has stopped working  Ill Test it on my other XBOX later Also looking for a laptop drive
@krapposelli I get ya.  What a bummer.   My hubby can only argue the $ issue, I spend PLENTY of family time these days.
Back to work w/ a lot to do   I also have a lot of Tweets to go through from when I was away. My Twitter may be a little neglected today.
@mtvnhollywest23 you forget to mention me! damn   Hey u wana go on the boat 2mw nite. My direct deposit kick in @ midnite.lol
GoodMorning Tweeple! I missed u so much. My new place doesnt have wireless.  I shld be getting some this week. No twitter rehab was .
@ojini She was the best  My dad was crying over the phone when he told me, and now I can't stop. She meant a lot to us. Sweet dog...
I look too crazy right now. My hair is a mess.  Too bad I'm too broke to get it cut.
Woah. I'm having a rough evening. err. My mom and I had some disagreements  tsk. I wish we weren't mad at each other anymore :'[
@cescavizconde I mishyu.. When can you come back to the Tower? I'm sad without my &quot;twinny&quot;! My bathroom breaks suck without you! 
@matthewsapien i wish i would have  what does yours look like?
Hello @percythepigeon. Feel very down today. My boss is being a meanie 
@Haunted_Girl I'm sorry your kitty is missing..  My kitty is getting ready to move away this coming weekend.
@kellysue - And, I just had to put up with lightining and thunder last night. Glad everyone is okay. My sympathies for the tree. 
@LeslieRoark That's the worst!  My oldest son used to get them all the time and he'd be miserable.    Feeling bad for you...
Damn vending machine. My skittles got stuck and i cant get them out  can this day get any worse?
@thatswhack74 Oh, I'm so sorry.  My heart goes out to you.
Omg, just over slept three hours.  My alarm did not to off. 
@Jordan_doll Send some of the hype this way. My Favorite Girl is ever so down and I can't seem to make it better 
@mileycyrus awww, your not coming to Canada...how come?  My daughter is going to be soooo sad, not to mention a lot of other fans. 
Laguna cancelled. My last chance to enjoy summer.. canceled.  Oh and btw canceled and cancelled technically the same thing. Nard alert.
Revising For My English And Maths Tests For Tomorrow 
@Judyh6346  i am jealous that u r at beach. My vacation is still Block work. 
Cleaning my room and working at my thesis. Not very interesting stuff.... but this is: Got my new #GTD book! Yeah! (My back still hurts  )
Happy hump day y'all! My allergies are attacking me this morning 
@DrewCommins how often do you plug your Kindle in? My Gen1 has horrid battery life. 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck  My eye hurts.
Home alone AGAIN. My dad just left. I don't have my phone or his # handy, so I can't ask him to buy me a breakfast burrito and horchata. 
I am feeling so ill today  My throat is swollen and I just feel ugh. Bad times.
@kabobbins nope, everybody. It's outside in the pavilion. My bldg. is the DC Visitor Center 
@sparkyjoe that is REALLY SAD.  Can you have alternate crusts made with rice flour and such? My Mums has that sometimes. (wheat allergy)
@TheBeerWench Anytime!  My pleasure... I think you are really cool!  BTW, sorry I missed last Sat's tweetup!  
I Love U My Tweeties but I must go 4 now have work 2 do in Yard,gonna have lots o' ppl congragatin in both Yards I feel...Such a SAD time 
Damn! The old pc died.. Waiting for my actual pc to came from &quot;review/repair&quot;. My desk now --&gt; http://twitpic.com/6lrq0 
Sat looking gormless at my Russian notes... it . just.  will . not . go . in! My brain is like concrete, it refuses to absorb anything 
@cheesesandwich Yeah.. Same here. My internet is down too. 
Last night I was tricked into watching &quot;One Guy, One Jar&quot;. Oh. My. God. I vomited.  #fb
Hello summer pollen! My right eyeball feels slimy and I am not pleased 
@chilinatlbch Too much money on Elite hockey this year again. My RV is out.  I might need help hoisting the tent. ( wink )
@SharonChandler Jumper. My jumper was in my bag - gone forever  xx
Half day at school today and tomorrow. Home early. Tomorrow last day  My friends are getting so many hugs.
Last night I was tricked into watching &quot;One Guy, One Jar&quot;. Oh. My. God. I vomited.  #fb
Goood morning tweeties up early gettin My hair done! Ugghhh such a gloomy day in the bay  hates it!! Wat r yoooou doin today?!
@Hollishter My pool has some kind of film on the top. Icky 
@JessicaPinup Broken rib - yikes!!!  My mom had one of those - so frustrating since there's nothing you can do but try not to move. 
Twello Foodie Tweets @justjake My phone juice died  I was at your house while you were at .. http://tinyurl.com/qln4qo
Got rear ended at a stoplight today.  My poor car 
I hate how I can`t pull off plaid. why oh whyyy. Cramps. My head hurts like hell too.  I'm dying. I want Zagu. Weird tweet. :-j
@GabeGoldsby Ah, I knew there was a connection there.  Guess I just assumed... My bad. 
i am actually depressed ; My Sims 3 didnt come, i cried 
Ahhhhhh My Head Hurts  Well u guess thats what happends when you bang it off a wall :S My Bad haahaa Check out ep 1 of IYOK 
@DesiLynnsmom Ugh...neverending problems here, too. My thermostat's broke. 
@jeffonplj argh..I wish I could call but it won't work..   Plse could  play Heart on My Sleeve
COLD! so cold! This is like PA weather. At least I'll be acclimated for the funeral  My dress is sleeveless...
I l00k and feel gr0ss... I can tell im g0nna hav a bad day.  But my makeup is rly g00d. My eyes l00k HUGE. l3 l^ ! T l\l 3 Y   F @ l\l
@BlueLint Good point .  My Nihongo is very rusty and I must miss this years' visit to inlaws when I would practice. 
@ElyssaD Yes it sure does! My internet keeps getting disconnected so the uploading gets cut off and I have to start again 
Well actually I haven't now XD haha see you all at night maybe!! My girls I really really miss u  I hope your ok now honey! @TheWayIRoll
Clinic confirmed ... I have the flu.  My scalp hurts.
@jkenneth I'm sure Maxis loves it too.  My bank account doesn't, though.  It's so sad and lonely with only the cobwebs to keep it warm.  
Going to My little brothers graduation and It is hot. I am so tired and tired. Ummm, kind of excited, don't know why 
Off to school. My last actual day of the term! Then finals 
is never buying black umbrellas again. My nice one got stolen at St. Andrews. 
Why doesnt itunes work on a Zen MP3 player?! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR My son got a gift card and it wont work 
Can anyone recommend a really good facial moisturizer for very, veryyyy dry skin? My face is peeling in certain sections... 
I really shouldve done ALL my warm ups yesterday before work. My arm is killing me!!  excited for Sunday tho!!
@Knottienature Um...I'm not really sure either! My grandson says that to me now and then and it seemed to fit here! I'm so square! 
If you were thinking rollerskating on Jarun is safe, you thought wrong.. My leg proving opposite   Watch out the cars!!!
I'm sad... My BFF argue with me 
@aravindkumar I thought it was a convo between you and @msnarain till I got to the &quot;WHO CARES&quot; part. My C&amp;H is a little rusty 
 @Tellman says, &quot;Crush the Commies&quot; = sad. My grandfather, RIP, was a Commie @Tellman
Ohhh shit noooo!!! My throat is starting to hurt badly  I cant get sick damit!
Cant Wait For Summerr , Gonna Miss All My Friends  &amp; My Teacherss Lol not Really Just Mrs.Morales  haha (:
@nickylovesetf rawr  today is supposed to be family day. My parents wanna go see that new will ferrell movie &amp; dinner. Damn I'm sorry =[
@bellayada Ahhhh, po baby, what's wrong?  Don't be sad be glad! ; ) &lt;&lt;&lt;I am winking @ u!  My day is ok.
@BadPony Hai. My balls are sweaty. 
Watchin 'full house.' I love this show.Makes me miss the 90s tho.My bro n me used to watch it together all the time, now I barely see him 
Dude reading makes me tired...... My cat totally just scratched my head  ...
http://twitpic.com/6ou3m - My sunburn!! Painful! 
This day is going by so slow. Maybe its cause ive been up since 4 am. And in the hospital since noon. My truck is no more 
I Acutally Feel Like Shit  I Misss My Awesomeface 
So Jealous My Boss is Going to Miami. 
Poop. My sweater lost a button. 
I'm crying cause he's goooooneee.  I'm never gona c him again ( besdies Facebook ) :[ My life is gona SUCCKKK now!!! (
Whose idea was it to go to the soccer game   http://pikchur.com/aVd
Damn. Pulled over by cops en route to gallery. My fault. 
@andrewschof Forever Autumn is my favourite. My mum says my 'record album' is still with her. From 30 yrs  ago 
@joshx413 Won't let me chat. My BTV account is effed up 
Selling my My Chem shirts in packs of two. I hope they go for some money. 
Sale of Chrysler has been approved...My bid on ebay did not win out 
Puppy sitting my Boss's pup. My dog isn't happy about it. Broke a nail in the process 
Feelin alil betta but not 100% yet.. My poor cars hungry and I can't find anywhere to take it right now for an oil change 
@PeteCarroll You know what's sad? My wife, a U of Illinois graduate, has never been to a collegiate football game in her life! 
Just saw a show by Quinn's 1st grade class. It was great! So adorable! My video camera crapped out after 10 minutes (and it was charged) 
Ok, I was wrong My #Fibromyalgia blog(http://www.fibenymph.blogspot.com) WASN'T ready by this week  It WILL be ready next week though 
@JULIEOH hahah. My friend go me that book for Xmas. And I know, even the best coconut is still brown outside. 
Gunna have a busy weekend! My great grandma's 90th tmora bless then luke's party, then lots of science revision!  Pffffft!! 2 exams to go!
@gunandagirl oh my goodness. I'm kinda slow sometimes. My Apt. Number is 109. My OLD apt. Was 4. Wow. I'm sorry about that! :S :S 
Well. My swing set is gone. 
@bitofmomsense  Good luck!  My hub hits the sack at 8:30, so we haven't seen a movie in ages.  
On second thought, think I'ma change my background again. My eyes are going all wiggity whack  Also, hey new ONTD twitterers!
Uploading bday pics on My Space finally! Taking forever though.  So I'm counting on my fellow twitterers to entertain me in the meanitme.
@nurseloopy No  My tech guy's still in Cali. Sucks.  http://myloc.me/2JOT
@TheMadModel His brother only dates white girls  Oh well, there's someone out there for you. We all run into our match at some point.
Protip: Firefox 3 eats about 500mb less RAM after clearing 3 months of history. My location bar is much less useful now though 
Was walking then stepped on glass. My foot hurts! 
Anyone have a tie-dye volleyball I can have? My dog keeps attacking mine  BTW I just finished getting the last coat of paint on my walls!
My iphone is at the bottom of the Puget Sound  I feel empty inside. My next one will be my third, lol. Can you say bad luck? Ugh!
Screamo show tonight at the lifehouse!! Yep.. My first screamo show and.. I forgot ear plugs 
Looks like a big exciting evening in. Time for Greek takeout and maybe My Big Fat Greek Wedding to go along w/ it? My life is sad 
@bellegabrielle That's... My... Hammock...  ;)
Morning vryonee! My eyes r still very heavy. I want to sleep more mum  http://myloc.me/2Ke4
@ThriftyChicMom it reallllyyyy needed it. My dh would, but he's working on his Midterm. 
@camiknickers I didn't think of that. Is that true? It isn't. Oh no.  My poor innocent cake.
@nerdyboytko Lmao. On My Blackberry No?!  lol.
@ahockley Good luck with the allergies. My husband has been mildly anaphalactic since the storm yesterday. 
@mikaylaax3 Awwwww...Thats nice...My bf was out from school today cuz he was sick so I didnt have any1 to cuddle with as it was raining. 
@allahpundit Oops! My bad! Sorry about that @dahlhalla. Apologies to @Thatcher as well. 
@jackalert that's cool. My back is just not holding up today. Mind is willing body is weak. 
Lunch break... I really don't want to return back to work. My moms back at home n LA cooking my FAV meal... I miss home 
Yargh. My back is peeling.  GRRR. At least, it's only where I PUT the aloe, so everything else is FINE.
I feel sick.  @JoelMadden My mom quit after two weeks of taking Chantix and she smoked for twenty-some years.
is thoroughly in love with the Canon 40D. My 10D feels so inadequate now 
http://twitpic.com/6q2az - Here is my real bad pic of Arj &amp; me! My friend sux at taking pictures!! 
Hey all. Anything interesting going on out there? My neck and back are acting up and all I can do is lay in bed. Waiting for epidural. 
Got a sun burn from earlier. My fault for falling asleep!  I need some aloe vera *ahem @jayrawrme, lol.
Nighty-night, everyone! My 2 days off went by waaayyy too fast! 
@blak4ever My friend posted it on Polyvore, too, and nothing. 
Ok, fixing 2 go into twit-drawals. My phone is charging. 
@joepemberton how much? My Comcast is over $60 p/month 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hi! I cant upload more pics here for some reason  I like traveling. My heart will go on... I can email you s ...
Done decorating! So many balloons. My finger is PURPLE from tying them. I HATE tying. It's so hard! Now I'm tired and I still need food. 
@michaelkiggins yours too? 
Last day of the TDC intensive.  Exhausted and very, very sore. I'm getting a massage tomorrow, thank GOD!! My body hates me right now.
Just saw on the news about the preschool fire in Mexico.     My thoughts go out to everyone there, so tragic.
For some reason my phone alarm didn't go off to wake me up. My Crackberry is busted. 
Ewww for eye drops and 3 pills a day... No bueno... My eyes are too sensitive, I hate eyedrops 
@LaceeBrianne I'm soooo sorry. My mom is making a house call atm cause her friend is going to the philippenes. UGH. I am soo sorry! 
Its been a long night!  My mom and bro both was shot 2night. Thank GOd there home and recovering!
@freddietastic Sorry.. that's no infinite symbol.  My number 8 fell down. 
Ah. My cell phone is disconnected yet! Tomorrow I'm gonna reconnected it. I don't know why they burn SIM cards 
@DjInfamous804 just cuz I'm eating and I'm not using my phone. My lil sis is... Hers is off! 
http://twitpic.com/6qbhz - My arm with all we the kings song all over it! Loved it buy now it's gone! 
@nickolaswriter LOL. My canine buddy likes carrots, chips, popcorn. Wont touch some stuff but will eat ANYTHING off the sidewalk  Grrr.
&quot;You look so good! So much skinnier! I can see it in your face!&quot; My face was fat? Fat face fail. 
Whose awake.  talk time?
Omg!! I wish I knew what was going on out there! I think they're gettin arrested! My lil @leximarieest88 
I am so livid! My car got towed. &quot;Dude where's my car?&quot; For real! 
Coming home from the clubbb!!!! My feet hurt!  bfd tomorrow!!! Whoop!
Only two shows of My Fair Lady to go. Standing ovation again last night again. Really going to miss it, been an amazing week 
Think the server is down. My webby is inacessible  Sorry folks, if you are trying to access my webby.Trying to get it fixed
http://tinyurl.com/pta8wk  Taco Zone Arson. My heart weighs heavy tonight. 
Fell asleep on the couch. Ahhh! My neck hurts! 
All of you Cincinnati people should go see Repo shadowcast today 11:55pm @ the esquire. My fried @khrodez directs it. Possibly last show 
Owww! My arms and legs are killing from yesterday 
Went to hidden house w/ @freshfiends... Now silver with @joeyboy1 . My tooothy stilll bothers me booo 
Saw this on tv. http://bit.ly/Lh6lM  Reminds me of gym in high school, &quot;I can't run today.  My uterus is shedding!!&quot;
@PrateekSharma23 Oh I share the feeling! My maid quit!   
Jesus. The time. My trackball &amp; menu buttons won't work in some areas of my phone  Tonight sucks, all told. I guess this is where I sleep
Cracking up at this movie. My throught hurts. Imma screw up. 
@turt13 Drank too much the other day. My lungs are killing me. 
@izzobel ah! Pink! My eyes 
@missgreens The funny thing is, i lose my bday in time differences. Leave new york on aug 7th, back in aus aug 9th. My bday 8th   fail
Its so crap. My day off and I was rudely awaken by a team of builders, plumbers, electircians at 6.30AM! I've spent all day unpacking 
Neighbor is on her deck sipping coffee and enjoying the tranquility of early morning. I just farted VERY loudly. My window is open 
Agh!!!!!!!!! My friend on Facebook told me what happened on Eastenders, why oh why??!!! 
Currently reading My Sister's Keeper... Hoping it'd get better fast enough. The first chapter was a snoozefest 
http://twitpic.com/6qmji - Gosh! My car needs a paint  job 
Disappointed that My Living Desktop does not show video background on both monitors at the same time. 
Ugh. Slept 'til now. My cold hath blossomed during the night. 
Watching D-Day 65th anniversary coverage on CNN. Leaving for hospital soon. My ear has been bugging me since yesterday. 
Good morning FB and Tweeps, on my way to the gym, I have lots of cardio to do. My Wii age is 47 and I was told that I'm obese. Gggrrr 
@ Everyone.... I can't send you a DM if you are NOT following me....that hurts....sad faced ME....  (Do I smell? ) My  Arrid is working!!!
Oh, my luck.  My name is the cut-off line, meaning No Pre for me but I'm waiting here in case someone leaves. #prelaunch #sadness
Time to pack my bags. My one week break is over.... Pfffft. Just like that. I was just getting warmed up too 
I have reverse Spidey-sense. My head tells me &quot;Hey, that guy with the eye patch looks legit&quot; or &quot;That dark alley looks exciting.&quot;  WHY.
I'm going to lay down for a bit. My arms hurt soooooo bad. Damn growing pains 
Just Lost My Phone 
@cabezudo2093: Lucky. My store is already super busy.. And I'm still not even awake yet haha.. 
beach with the vanessy! YAY! My boy leaves for AT in the mountains... 17 days until I talk to him again. 
@BreBaby143 @lushcious My b-day was Thurs. I wanted 2 do 5* this weekend for my b-day but I guess close enough next weekend.Going alone 
Last night was interesting.  Went out with Meghans dance teacher and some of the dance moms.  My head hurts 
@iamktk THANK YOU! My phone suck for getting your tweets.  Sometimes I do... sometimes I don't. I have a &quot;dumb&quot; phone. LOL
Ah Crap! My Coffee got cold!!! 
@Bethaneystone Nope!  My mates were revising like me.. so we decided to change the date to either tomorrow, or wait till after the exam.xo
@edgyscissors At least you can score goals! I can't even do that... My CV is shameful  Perhaps we can invent things?
Crap! Our classes will starts on tomorrow I don't want to....  Aha! I have a solution..  Tweetmobile. haha
Thank you AmericanWomann....don't know what is going on today.  My need to switch over to twitter the old way for today. 
@Ownerofmars thank you! 4 tweet went great she had so much fun! I cooked 2 much but that's me LOL I can't believe yours is 21 it's fast 
Getting my roof fixed today. Noticed it leaking this winter after a really bad rain storm. My home warranty expired days before the leak 
Hey hey. I'm cleaning boo lol but I'm almost done. My back is KILLING me today...I think I pulled something  mopping doesn't help that ha.
OMG! What a horrible night?! My sinuses were kicking my ass &amp; I barely got any sleep 
Obama's commercial for National Service came on TV- My mom says &quot;HE DOESN'T MEAN YOU! You need to STOP volunteering!&quot; 
@11chiqa11 huhuu  miamiii.. My-a-my.. Supposed to be my o my lol rawwrrr!!
Well I am sore today.My nephew is here &amp; I can't seem to not play with him!I adore him sooo much!But instead I am couchridden 
I reaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaally want Sims 3. My best friend was on it all night while I wasn't because my laptop isn't compatible 
@CarCarXD SHIIIIT I'm so sorry i've been asleep since half 1!  Don't think i can make it.. My Mam's gone cinema now with Maria...
More rain!!.Itching to get out of house.Forced to watch Charm School by @staci_withani.My intelligence is dwindling due to reality shows 
Another senseless act triggered by alcohol.. My Mojito bottle shattered my ice tea pitcher.  No sun tea for me today 
I was supposed to go see My Life in Ruins this morning, but I slept too late  Did u all know that Nia Vardalos is on Twitter? @niavardalos
PAIN!! My head hurts so bad... 
Dude. Contacts. They hurt like a bitchface when you put one in inside out. My eye is stinging now, even though the contact is in properly 
Fuck Apple. My phone was bugging out so I restored it, and now all my cracked IPAs won't sync 
All of you Cincinnati people should go see Repo shadowcast today 11:55pm @ the esquire. My fried @krhodez directs it. Possibly last show 
@crdlovesyou Atleast u had the paperbacks to give. I had to give the hardcover  But after NM she's on her(My godmother) own.Target, any1?
@mandlecreed Sounds nice. My garlic TTD ciabatta I had was delicious but Sainsbury's raised the price by 10p 
@DixonAKADude  Sun just came out in WV.  My mom took me onto the deck and gave me a crew cut with her new clippers.  Look metrosexual now 
Rode alpine loop 4 the first time. It was colder than I thought.  My lips turned blue. 
Dropped Iolaus off to get checked out. My laptop bag feels sad and empty without him. 
@joe2cool55 I saw that.  My Mom ended up booking the cruise already...
@DonnieWahlberg My friend and I are going to take the day off and see if we can come and find you. We couldn't afford the 5 star  HUGS
@MadJulia Oh nooo! My poor dear! :'( I'm so sorry.  Love you! &lt;3 Go gonna make it through!
Clearly the internet lords heard my discontent with today's fixtures. My internet has been out for the longest. I was gonna watch Zlatan 
Ughh, don't wanna have this slumber party anymore! My friends are sucking!   So pissed!
@rockinrose lol, wait add who? :S Sorry I got confused.  And Good luck with your exams!!!!  My exams don't start 'till after 2 weeks. 
Boo. My parents never pay library fines so I cant ever go to the library 
Damn. My fish and chips, and shuffle board have been ruined by a damn movie filming.   in Jacksonville, FL http://loopt.us/kUFUQQ.t
@MariaDaines Oh My God that is absolutely awful i want to cry! That poor elephant, is this still happening? is the elephant still there? 
Printing photos: My printer is just not up to the job as it prints my pictures too dark  Can anyone advise me w http://tinyurl.com/qnuvwe
@loserluigi Sadness   My favorite part is how it CONSUMED my entire weekends Finances. But you'll be fiiiiiine.
Needs bangs, badly. My hair looks horrible w/o them. But Id rather not do thm myself if my mom promised me a haircut, but I need it today 
Really not up for making conversation atm. My mum is coming home from holiday in half an hour?!! LOTS OF TALKING 
I'm so upset. My sim just died... After all we've been through! 
I missed two texts and a phone call...when my phone was next to me. Oops. My brother is sad he can't come with me to Disney. sad too 
Just finished doin hair. I'm bouta go bak to my room shower nd try to take a mila sec nap B4 more Partyn! My las nite in da Ville! 
About to walk across the Brooklyn Bridge. Then pizza afterwords. My legs hurt from walking too much. 
Sigh. My grandmas not getting better. The two days are up. Shes probably going to the hospice 
Oh it's a WRAP on dem earrings, ya'll! My gurl just said she shits on clip ons!  Oh well, I guess she'll be gettin dat Flowerbomb frag ...
@LuluGodiva Who, me? \O/ @axm9237  My feet got 'et up by skeeters last week and they're still driving me bonkers... damn skeeters! ::-&lt;
@maddow  This prblm is bigger thn a few nuts.  My wife's down in Wichita for wrk and tells me its scary how many agree w the killing. 
@crushedupcookie Your welcome... Well, I'll talk more later, gotta get back to work. My break is almost over 
Booo! My horse is off to the glue factory 
Just woke up. I am freeeeezing! I can't take it any more.. My hands and feet are numb  Guess i should've just slept with no aircon. -_-
Ate some candy that sucked a filling right out of my tooth. Could my day get any worse? My poor phone 
@laurtje No, just the 1-Disc version  My bro's going back in 2 weeks I can ask him to bring 1 4 u. Can u play US dvds on ur dvd player?
@superpuppy @shultzys I can't make it to night.  My kids have me locked in the house. Drink a beer for me. Send pix.
@JWAYPROMOTIONS Yeah he was 2! I didn't git 2 stay 4 his whole set!  My dude was ret 2 go!  No where 2 sit! Got tired. lol Not  me tho!lol
@FB_Mook downtown chill!! I'm not even suppose to be here!! My family don't love me! 
@Aidaa_ okay. Scratch what I said abt UknowWho. Her name began with an 'A'.  NEXT! Him. He is BRILLIANT! U will never guess!
@MomTalkRadio WHAT!!! My mouth is hanging open. How rude 
....woke up 7 30 to get to church by 8 30 am. Then continue studying oral pathology..... My life pretty boring 
Watching season 4 of Supernatural. My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick and I think I have an ear infection 
@symphnysldr I Missed My Party 
God dammit!!! My ting tings cd is scratched!!! 
Omg miley cyrus was here today?! Wtf. My heart is broken. 
WOW! My font just got huge. Anyone else's? Do that have anything to do with those dolls? Ahhhh, spooking own self now. 
Bye To All My Plans For Tonight!!! 
@wikkiwild1 I'm right there with ya. My 2nd box dies 2 days ago. Video failure, not covered under warranty. 
 My feet hurt so bad. And My legs.... and ankles. Fuck!
@literockkiss  I love Heart On My Sleeve!!!..I follow u on twitter but can't tune in to ur live stream...wrong country 
@Seventhree Yeah, that's really scary.  My dad just called and told me about the storm down there like a half hour ago.
Fuck. We definitely need a new bed. My back and neck are killing me. 
@inkt_angel Wanna tell me the stats sometime around the top of the eighth? My cables fucking around. 
I am hoping that My friend feels better. She's not feeling well.  I'm hoping the best for you. Get well soon.
Thanks @krnadik I'm getting a little better now. My BP's back to normal. I'm missing our sessions.. 
Rode a moderate/intense 30 miles today. Felt great until 1 min before home...I eat pavement! First time in 4 yrs. My shoulder hurts 
@AngelAmyRF Thanks sweetie. My wife finished 19th, I finished 34th, no trip to Vegas for us. 
@carrielinn83 I could never get into My Morning Jacket.  I fail.
@Bojanamcr My friend sent me videos of the gig. IT LOOKED SO GOOD. 
@bogart17: I can't go to Saudi.  My family has plans for today. :|
@sedancer101 ya   My brother and Dad r in the hospital with her and they probaly wont get bak til like midnight.
Home depressed  ... My date Canceled on me tonite..
@xDebCeex They're in NJ but its like 6 hrs away &amp; My hubby would have killed me if I was away for 2 weekends in a row 
@DineandDish Hanging in there!  I've not done well in my adopt a blogger duties.  My adoptee has not written back 
I hate ''Dark Circles Under  My Eyes'' 
I Miss My White Boy 
Fan fair was a total bummer. We waited in lines all day, and did't get any big name autographs.  My son was so bummed 
@pibby ofc bb. Willow too! But massages first! My lower back is crampy 
Yay for twins and speed scrabble. Fun night. Now time to get ready for bed. My lonely empty bed 
@Jeremyg423 i kno!  My daddys bday is 2morrow n he wants me go to Colombia sooooo bad i might say fuck it n plan a trip for next month!
@tommcfly I can take you to Star Wars conventions too  My dad takes me to some! I have a pic with darth vader! hahaha LOL
@Look4acure excellent! My girlfriend bought 25 chickens this week and there were NONE left tonight   That is what I get for waiting.
@carnagefairy oshit. My washing's out on the line  hopefully get home before hits Kew!
is eating way too many Brownies and Wasabi Pistachios. Sighh. My tummy 
Ughh taking a long shower and passing out. My life is so boring 
The show was pretty awesome.  My camera ran out of batteries right as WPF started though 
@mlewns Well, I'm still way trashed from tonight and hooked up with two guys and another one's coming. My day rocked. FYL. 
Headin to south Carolina. My upper back  tooth hurts 
My cousin leaves tomorow. NOOOOO!!!!!!!!  My life goes lame again.
@jordanknight Yeah we missed Sexify My Love 
My feet hurt SO BAD!!!  My heels.  
@sprittibee I think you tweeted your illness to me. My head feels all spinny.   I've  been using Firefox for a couple of years, btw.
@monifa09 1st and last time! My roommate was celebrating her birthday so I had to stop by to see her first. Took longer than expected 
@rooox3 Hahaha awww I keep losing and gaining followers.  My fans dont love me hahaha
@_JamieLeeCurtis I always do.My kids are teenagers and Iam always hugging them!They are only mine for so long .. *tear* 
Eff! My performance sucks! Sorry Kak Nana  - http://tweet.sg
@sfpaulina I CAN'T HANG IT!  My folks won't let me put thumbtacks in the walls.  
@Mamandesfilles  I'm sorry and I understand. My friends and I had wine wednesdays each week. Cheap wine for intoxication rather than taste
Stayed home tonight since I'm going to be out of town all next week. My chulo looks tired and out of it still. 
G0iNG T0 BEEDD..  My liFE iS DUll.
Well me and My Ego are gonna hit the sheets..... ALONE&gt;&gt;&gt;    lol
@LaAb Moo?  I messaged you. Then tried calling you; both numbers. My next step is messenger pigeons. Save me the cost of bread crumbs...
@LorettaK - too bad... they've been 'Always on My Mind' recently... i guess they'll be other 'Opportunities' 
Been awake for a while. My 4 month old is not well. It breaks my heart  She is so brave though, still smiling for mummy 
@shauninman Funny. My neighbors have the same opinion, except in an empty backyard. And it's all home made drunk keyboard/guitar/singing. 
I miss My Wife... alot more than normal tonight.  I am so tired but I can't sleep, the bed is so empty without her 
I miss you my bunnyduck, please come home  My family always ask you where. http://myloc.me/2TA8
I don't feel really well. My blood pressure is kinda high and my throat hurts. PLUS I didn't get my sleep. 
I'm sorry I haven't twittered in a while...My Grandma just past away, I haven't felt much like doing anything really 
I feel so weird, I'm crying now while hearing Touch My Hand. I guess I just miss @DavidArchie so much when he was in Malaysia.. 
I really don't wanna go to work today. My back hurts and Im not off again until Saturday 
Argh... My tooth is so painful 
is on Mcdo for Wi-fi. My DSL is not working AGAIN. 
Had one of those nights where I see who really gives a shit about me. Didn't go so well. My right hand's all messed up. My trigger hand 
WTF! no hangover after that! Wouldn't want to be stu this morning tho. My clothes smell like Reading festival 
WTF! no hangover after that! Wouldn't want to be stu this morning tho. My clothes smell like Reading festival 
@shivz_x me too.  How bad are yours?
@SirGarde I just left tha airport. My Mom's flying back to P.O. 
Have just collapsed on the flr after doing the 2nd day of the wii sport active 30 day challenge! My legs are killing me 
I'm headed to church.... My Pastor won't be at church today 
Are we sure this is the summer?! My back garden is starting to flood 
Hungry...  My dad says that tomorrow, I have to be in my &quot;school mode&quot; already. 
Did I say I was sleeping? My 4 year old says different. 
Birthday yesterday was awesome. Massively hung over   My head hurts, ah well, a can of mother and a bounty should do the trick..
I'm sick.....a red thing spread at my neck..  My neck tickles slightly. Tomorrow I will go samsung hospital.
And I need to get bin bags. Ok. My head hurts, all the way down the left side of my head to my elbow.  Slept odd last night.
Uh oh. The Lioness just woke up with a cough! Seems fine, but I'm new to the sick thing. My Bestie is visiting Wednesday too 
Very sore today  My 2legs uncle got me doggy treats from some place called Florida while he was on holiday, I'm lucky 
At work until 430 or so. My neck hurts. Booo 
Dear Atlanta airport, Your 3hr layovers are the opposite of the bizness. Once again, I loathe you  That is all. XO, Mimi
Hate my PC! My brand new Sims 3 wont' play properly  Ahhhhh
Last night was so fun. Too bad I'm still feeling sicky. My other eye now matches the scary one. No church today 
Vip barcelets are so uncomfortable! My wrist hurts   http://twitpic.com/6tr5f
@mariakitano: Wow. That hit. My BFF of 20+ yrs is moving 1000 miles away tomorrow. I haven't been able to see him due to med side effects 
God I hate night-time  My stupid ass brain never stops thinking. *sighs*. And when I think, everything feels...... wrong... and broken.
@Beaniebanks Me too!... so dangerous.. My local news agents asked me if i wanted a Whole box from cash &amp; carry cheap.. I had to say no! 
Can anyone do me a quick recolour of 4 graphics pls? My graphics prog playing up and it's urgent  nikki@nikkipilkington.com 2 second job
Is working till 12 today! My little Dunks is sick and we may be going to the ER after work. Says prayers that he gets better please 
Hungry this morning ~ There's no cream cheese in the fridge ~ My bagel is sad  #haiku
i had 7 followers   but who cares... My baby kitten is dying!   He was so sweet... Well what else to say..?
Ahnh! So tired! My Mommy's coming to get me at 12. 
Today I had a taste of rainwater for lunch   My food got all wet at the poorly sheltered  hawker centre at Bedok.
Workkk. My boy is leaving to go back to MTL today. I miss him already 
Damn it!!! Satellite radio coverage of the #frenchopen cut out after the 1st set! My Sunday drive sucks now 
Hey @MicheleNorthrup !! How's my saucy gal!!!? Thank you for noticing! My heart truly did radiate there.. I cried when we left! 
@paige1315 Sorry we didn't get to talk yesterday. My sister was being an intense phone hog. 
*yawns* I am so freakin tired. Wamt Sims3 sooo bad I only have Sims complete collection. My fone died bette charge th batteru! Gona rain 
@LaLa_is_BACK I didn't see your message until later about the BMM and my pin #. I'll give it to u when I get a new phone. My trackball is 
@Shireenx My previous girlfriend could not fathom the inner workings of BitTorrent either. 
My knees are cold. I'm just sat here tweeting and shivering in my oh-so-warm TCF hoodie. My knees however are open to the elements 
It's just me and my boy this morning. My girl is spending the day with her best friend who moves away tomorrow morning.  Ugh, it's so sad.
#Firefox My firefox is again typing stupidly. Typing goes all over the place!! 
NOO I COULD HAVE VOTED! My pollcard just got lost in the post  stupid arsey post.
Mom is grocery shopping for me &amp; I'm up enjoying a morning chat w/granny. My two favorite women are leaving today 
still sore  My parents are venturing me out to harris teeter. Haha. What an adventure this should be. Grilling a banana for my dinner  ...
@ChellePaperie I wish.  My HP CM1015 can't handle texture.  One more added expense for off-site printing 
@Sarahhh007 I'm sorry pinkz! My PC was already about to shut down  Xxx
@rennmausis Good job.  My mum didn't vote for them. 
Fucking Chi's. My straightner's broken 
@PatrickJrPoet Booooo!!! Now i'm sad   My phone is acting brand new.
So I'm officially alone now.  My best friend and manfriend have all decided to go out of town for the week.  Boooooo    
@billtvshow i know! Sorry! My plane got delayed in salt lake and i didn't make it in time.  wish i could meet you and lee before you leave
Woke up about an hour ago. My stomach hurts so bad 
Finally! Deutsch final went well. My next final is next week...finance!! I cant wait for the summer! 
I Just Scraped My Knee DUe To A Race Between Me And My Mom To The Bathroom  Ouwie!
I am in full panic mode right now.... My math tutor might not make it tonight and I have a huge math exam tomorrow  God help me 
Woke up about an hour ago. My nose is so damn stuffy that it's hard to breathe  I even blew into 4 tissues and I HATE blowing my nose 
Good morning. My mom and dad should get here around 4 today. I'll be teaching when they get here 
@Pink You are a lucky girl to be over there! My next gig with you is so long. 
Its all about that splashberry from Ihop! My strawberries are already gone though 
@BreanicPanic  My little cat does that sometimes. I'm getting them fixed July 16. Im kinda nervous. They're my babies
Off work...sun is shining, birds are singing, but my heart is sad! My bubbs is mad w/ me! Idk y, but 4give me my bubbs! 
2 days. 2 more days. Then you're a free man  Until a week on tuesday anyway  My brain always looks too far ahead for it's own good. Bah.
Stupid motherfucking piece of fucking god damn fucking shit!!!! Ughh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My whole com. Is wrecked and i had to restart it 
Oh,and was so heat!My God,use quit rhett is heck!hurts, i knew?That mess,and those difficult, and the scent.This makes me sick! 
@or_sh That was after the hairdressers lol  Oh well. My world doesn't revolve around my hair looking good, I'll get by without it.
Don't wanna go to work today....my uncle died after being in the hospital for 2 months   My feelings are unexplainable....
@EnterPeace Bummer.  My sis is doing RSJ, it seems to be working good for her.
Um this is lame. My mom said i need to wear different kinds of glasses. 
Great show Guys! Although I am really tired and ready for bed! lol...My feet are hurting 
Just got some really bad news. My friend got hit by a car and they are not sure if he is going to make it. Pray for him. 
Ack! I used the wrong codec for the wedding tapes. My clipping software can't read them. Take it back, do it again, same thing 
@francesxo FRANCESSSS!!My internet cut off!Sheesh we were going so strong!4 hours straight on msn!Lol !Miss You already  xoxo
#EU My candidate did not make it to the parliament  I hate losing!
Sooo can't wait for my TOMS to get here !!! My current shoes are killing my feet 
@Karilo13 Hey @peterfacinelli didn't @reply you or me. I think he thinks we're annoying. My poor lil heart! 
@thechico1979 Hey! Thanks for gettin in touch! Hotter is on itunes but no Espanol  My spanish song on itunes is Ilusion. Check it out 
@PammaApple Sorry I'm not replying as fast, My tweetdeck is down. 
@orgjunkie How do you get kids to help? I have 3 -2 can help. But they refuse to clean.   My house is the aftermath of a tornado.Help?
Btw, My friends house burnt down this morning, due to a stupid chip pan. She now has no home, no stuff. All she has is a pair of PJ's 
@sgltrak http://twitpic.com/6uotk - Glad I didn't ride today!  My neighbors were riding to estes and back in this 
@jenn85 not intentionally... Sorry babe! When I'm back on a real computer instead of twitterberry i'll fix it.  u did nothing.. My bad!
http://twitpic.com/6urhs - Old times... I miss to My old friends  No way!
So romero is back today. My car is still smashed. Damn 
Do they have Battenberg Cake in America? My canadian lover, @penguinkisses, didn't seem to know what i meant 
@benlately I missed Smallville too. My computer died before I even got to Mena. 
So romero is back today. My car is still smashed. Damn 
Damn! My head STILL hurts!  Drinking is just wrongggggg! LoLz.
I just uploaded pictures of my bedroom redo on Rate My Space and YIKES... people are very mean!!!  
Nooooo! My summer vacation is officially over! T_T It's the first day of school today. Bummer 
@WOAHAmber My accent's HORRIBLE 
Just woke up. Pink diamonds from 1-4 then birthday sex from 5-9. My head is killin me  but it was so worth it!!!
Waking up at 5 pm feels so nasty. hahaha My ankle hurts.  Damn Donato. haha
OMG. My allergies are reeeaaallly bad today.  I guess no recording today
Anyone have an extra DSL modem laying around??? My broke and the warrenty is up 
Anyone know a way to make marking Math romantic? Or at least interesting? My brain has turned to mush.  Hmmm... maybe time for a nap.
This is the worst neck cramp EVA! My spine hates me. 
@TheLastDoctor Am I bothering you? Am I being annoying?  My therapist says sometimes I don't know when to stop. I have no boundaries.
Please tell me I'm not the only one who uses cream cheese as a dip for Doritos. My brother was making fun of me earlier. 
@devilwoman007 I don't need to even ask how yours has been-I feel bad that you're  sick 
@Sweetpea4kids My work for the night.. now i've got 3 wash loads to compete before i can go to bed  Thank god for the 30min cycle! LOL
@officialjobros http://twitpic.com/4v5pb - My DORK of a computer won't let me see it 
@TxSkirt Thanks. Sadly, he passed away last year. My grandfather (who was a gunner on the USS Alabama) 3 years before that. 
Gaaaaaaaaaaahhh. Sims 3 fail  My laptop doesn't have enough GHz or summat. Pff.
I'm bleeding. My industrial that I've had for almost 3 years now decided to crust over and bleed like a bitch today. Blood in my ear 
http://twitpic.com/6v4zt - Wearing these today. They're almost 18 years old. My aunt went home. Now I have to do the dishes 
Back at home. My kids were more excited about the &quot;super prise!&quot; (surprise) that I brought.  Oh well.
@teo__ DEATH! that reminds me of when I was little. My mom MADE me wear my helmet &amp; I was the only 1 wearing one n the neighborhood 
I can't imagine the suffering experienced by the families of the children killed in the Mexican daycare fire. My heart goes out to them. 
*Sad face* My ear is still pouring blood 
ROFL. XD My whole family does, except for my little brother. I think that's even lamer that we resort to internet shopping than RL. 
OMG. My blackberry is so shady. For it to just cut off like this. 
@jeff_lamarche if you see me running out, cause a diversion! My MBP would be way too jealous though 
@LanceTamashiro which squeeze page dude ??  My Starting with marketing one ?? Whats up with it bro ?   lol
http://twitpic.com/6vckd - OHMY! My ring is now a Split-Ring !!    ughh
God. My g1 battery again. Somethings got to give in this bittersweet relationship. Maybe I should a got an iphone. *sigh* 
@MoTancharoen My friend has desperately been trying to even GET any food from Kogi. Last time, she made it there, but failed to get food. 
Omg .... My iPhone keeps crapping out..  turned it's self off and I slept in.. @Alissha is going to kill me..
My phones dead. My DS is dying. I have nothing left to do here 
@DLisaD OOOOHH! Let me know how you liked it. My sis said it was hilarious! We were going to c it today too but didn't 
There're things I'll never see again. My 90's ICQ UIN is one of them  . I feel so bad right now I'm going to drown in vodka and sleep.
@joeymcintyre can't wait to see u on 7/7. Woot woot My sis has beena fan since wayback we finally got tickets2 bad they arnt good tickets 
@Skarn0 Hah! NICE. But please don't take it out on poor Bambi. His mom's not gonna be there much longer. 
Now Bow's Outta My System....awwww 
@dymonds  Really? My diary said it was Queens Bday all over Australia. Bummer. (not that it makes much diff for me! LOL)
beware of the Furminator. My human bought one at a pet store for $55, than saw the same thing on Amazon for $22 and Freeship, buy amazon 
Home, text me! My ankles are still swollen from the Cyclone YESTERDAY! 
@Trishw5  My Mom has that too.  I often wonder if I do as well.  I'm sorry you're hurting.    Will keep you in my prayers.
@petsittingbysas putting some weight on it so I think it is a pulled muscle in her back like the last time.  My big fear is ACL 
Im so sad!! My baby left to go back to school for football camp  Do ur thing boo, just come back home to me once business is took care of.
Wordpress and PHPBAY Pro working together is a powerful online money making machine http://bit.ly/uSWWk pls disregard other link. My Bad 
@sunspot_mike Good luck on going lucid tonight! What technique are you using? My LED mask is dead.  
@BehkhaBee Just working &amp; stuff.  My car quit life.  
Do you know how to take care a puppy?? My puppy is sick and she doesn't want to eat 
WOW! My internet is acting screwing!  Took me FOREVER to send that last tweet
WTF?!?!? My computer just fin crashed! Blue screen of death &amp; all! I need a mac. 
@The2ndAct Goo luck dude! My team pulled out of running so I won't see at the screening. 
@patrickrajczak YOU WISH BEOTCH. My back hurts 
Tons of pics up on facebook from #bonnaroo ... Way too much fun! Sucks to be home. My best friend leaves in 2 days, sad drive to airport 
@NKOTB Plz to reconsider the Aussie decision. My girlie @Phee78 deserves to see u as much as US fans did! 
I know, I know. My last tweet was way TMI... LOL! But I'm in pain so I don't really care right now! Sorry. 
Grrr. My internet is like uber-slow.  
wow.  instead of my celebrating with my fellow laker fans, i'm stuck here doing a 4pg essay - perfect timing. Lakers' Finals. My Finals.
Good afternoon.. have a grt day  My India is out of T20 
Except For My Mom iWill c Her Soon 
Going through tissues like whoa. I hate being sick! Was in bed a long time... maybe had a wink of sleep and got up. My nose is so stuffy. 
@stakerized Dangit! My market is blown! That's a super small market. 
Almost.... Finished...... Decorating,.... My....... Rooooomm.... Shit I'm tired. Got work in 4 hours!!! 
ARGH! My sister &amp; co are overplaying Don't Trust Me. It will never be my jam again 
Watched the hulk. Associate him too much w/ My bff bc watching that fight scene was like watchin eddie get beat up  no bueno hahahah
Spent weekend being plagued by Hayfever. My sides actually ache from coughing and sneezing. No outside lunches for me 
@spookysally Aww, I'm sorry your body is being uncooperative. My right hamstring is sore from too much Wii fit. 
Pulled out my oboe after a full year, &amp; definitely no longer at symphony level. I must remedy this at once! ...ow. My lips hurt now 
Omg.. I bin up for lyk 2hrs nw jus blowing my nose!!!! My hayfever is at its worst...  not a gd strt 2 the day! Pray for me plz xx
planing to get TWO shoes, sighhh i love them both and where is my heels!  Looks like i have to give it up, but..  My boots ain't avail.
@DavidArchie My old cat Smokey got in a fight once with another cat and came home all bloody and hurt, I was so scared.  But he was OK!
Counting the Hours, My dear Atena leaving today  will miss her so much :'(
Blimey. I've had that @lovefilm disc since September. My credits have expired 
@panda951 OMG. I'm wearing a pair of those right now. My glasses and I will pour out a little liquor for your dearly departed. 
Agree with you there, @the_eggwhite. My hayfever is bad today. Not using prescription stuff but 1 pill &amp; spray's have not banished pollen 
Slept on my side last night and now my left ear is back to normal but my right ear is worse! My balance is wayyy off now 
I can't believe that season 4 is the last season of HM.My life would suck without this series!!  That's the best series I've ever seen (
Good morning ppl. I  have nothing to eat, damn it. My mum still sleeping, i can't wake her just to say &quot;i'm hungry&quot;, poor mom 
Im watchin My laptop screen  Really sick Waiting for erin to work out her twitter account!!
Bug eyes  and braces :| .......what more? Then, My face looks like what? God! Help me! Aaaaaaargh.
Feeling bad   My stomach hurts. Going to have lunch and watch Oprah at 3 o'clock - that will make me feel better
@NahSoR Dud i din wanna join da !! My parenz made me join ! 
Fuck! My phone just shat itself 
Ah. Shit. My hair look like the haircut I had when I was 10 years old. My father will be jumping for joy  - http://tweet.sg #fb
Have to try and make it through a shift at work then go to the hospital. My knee is so fucked 
Went to see doctor earlier. My throat still hurts and got mild fever. 
Lame. My xbox crashed while playing Assassin's Creed. Since when do consoles crash? damn this new generation 
Good morning everyone! My 5 y/o is home sick (fever) poor sweetie.  I hate it when my babies are sick.
GM - we'll see how over this cold really is. I'm back under my A/C Vent from Hell at work. My ears are already plugged 
@seqalab: I can't believe Sweetwater's gone  My condolances
@sitepointdotcom &quot;My Account&quot; link in the SP Marketplace going to an error page, I wanted to relist one of my expiring classifieds 
@elvisduran I totally missed it  My hubbys father in SC was about 56 and his girl is younger than me, I am 28 and they have 2 kids!!!
Tummy ache! My stomach hurts soooo bad 
My stomach hurts  well, anyways I'm talking with My Grandma before she leaves to go to work.
My heart just cried. My stepmom just texted me and told me they were at the emergency room last night because Han had an asthma attack 
Hail like none other yesterday. My plants are in shreds on the ground. Lots of $$ down the drain. 
Jus pickd up my prescription. My neck feels like its about to give  First for a spot of lunch wiv @IreneAgbontaen befr I start popin pills
Trying to stream this on MySpace, but that's not working currently  My file hosting site is still having issues.  Thankfully it's free. ;)
Awww god, , my gadgets were broken,, My pc, my mp4 player, my alfalink.. Ow, poor me 
Was feeling really down yesterday. My son is a little miffed at me and cooling off at a friends, doesn't want to talk to me, hurts a lot 
@Fonz0 say hi to the monkeys. My crew are on their way to the grand canyon. They have better vacas then me 
@ShizukaWright i slept thru most of it.  how was yours?
@AmberCadabra My travel fun from the past week was having my bags lost TWICE during the same trip... 
Crap. My mom is giving me a really difficult time about taking a year off school. Oh well. I don't want my sister's education fund. 
6 months old, nearly 15 lbs, and two teeth.  My Little Bit is trying her darndest to grow up! 
@Mitholas I really hope not! My patience was on the edge for Aug. 4th! I don't think my heart can take another 21 days of waiting! 
I am sad. My Twitterific on my iBoo is not working. 
Not sure how I'm going to dance today with a sore knee  My students are Dmacking as a warm up..FUNNY...I love it!
My new bff.. My ice pack  http://mypict.me/3UW1
@djcool_m  Yea... My friend got lay off today.... 
Yea would like to go home now! My Mouth is really painful 
http://twitpic.com/7guuv - My dog Pope is confined 
I was testing TwitPic! WTF. I have to put the tweet in the subject box. My phone only allows like 30 characters in Subject box. 
Dang! My new laptop doesn't fit the briefcase bag!! Gotta buy a new one 
Havn't Tweeted in 6 days :O! My computer is all dogdy 
Ermmmm.. Ouchh!!  My Eye Hurts 
@xLucyloox My Head Hurts 
Well, today is a day of firsts. My first xc conditioning of the summer... as a captain! (ow but yay!). And my first wake  God Bless my fam
GAH! My day off and im doing laundry, no fun at all 
@mz_tworkalot If only you knew... My PS3 is the only thing in life that doesnt disappoint me... &amp; For the moment is broke  I hate life...
Oh boy,  My back is about to go.  Yeah this is going to be a great week 
Didn't you just know the rain would start at 5pm on the dot? My poor hair 
@TheEllenShow wish I could watch your show. My friend's tv is dead.  
Oh *ish. My Kobe hate is getting me followers... lol I'll do a follow friday if I get to 100... not likely 
@whiteribbon I would like to talk to you about White Ribbon for a mag article I'm working on. Follow, then DM me. My deadline is today. 
@reprobayt Bad timing all around.  My thoughts are with you.
At Disneyland, but not going in. My heart hurts. 
OMG! My little cousin addison got three shots less tha an hour ago!!! 
Damn! I miss My aggravating ass Mama 
Hot but windy in Lost Pines TX. My beer just got blown over  good news, I have more 
@MailOurMilitary  My name is wrong on your list, because I changed it awhile back. It's only one J now instead of 2. Sorry, my fault. 
Today is not fun for me. My mommy has to work till 9 and she's been gone since 1030! Sucks! 
Better go! My times UP!  X
Just landed back in Bucharest. My street looks like it's been bombed! Again! Those fucking idiots destroyed part of the my house facade! 
@SonoranDragon My battery died yesterday. Within two hours the replacement battery died. I went 24 hours with no phone; it was tragic 
@mounibec : Im already at Portugal.My mobile was stolled in Rabat 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7grmx - I can't go to your concert in the UK. My parents won't let me   BTW Trace you're married to th ...
I have to use a pen to get the microSD in and out of my enV2's card slot. My fingers are too big. 
Poolside. My favorite place to be. Only missing one thing, @steppysisteryerkes 
i am gonna have FUN this summer!!!! My tummy hurts! 
Almost doneee.... My bum hurts SOO much from sitting for so long! 
@GH_Unleashed looking forward to your tweets today, as always! My satellite is down 
just received DEVASTATING news that my groom for this weekend's wedding passed away over the weekend   My heart is breaking!
@xxbandgroupiexx I know. My partner in crime will be out of town.  They are also playing TLA at a 11:00 pm show as well.
Got awful awful awful news!! I'm so sad! My heart is broken! 
Two more friends passed away w pulmonary hypertension. God, I can't stand it. My &lt;3 = breaking. One was 20 years old.  http://bit.ly/3gHEM
I wish I could sleep ! My goodness, it's 2.15 AM &amp; I really have to wake up earlier this morning  one thing, goodnight sweethearts.
Zombie doctors harvested my blood and gave me a tetanus shot. My arm hurts 
@PXNDXGRRRL My beautiful girl, I need ya 2day I can't be ONLINE at msn  only remenber that i love iu we're forever love
Good thing I don't have to survive on my gardening skills. My watermelons never got out of the gate 
I thought I'd made my mind up but what happened earlier made me exxxtraaa sure. My retainers digging into my gum. Ow 
@YoungMommy Feel better! My babies are sick too 
OMG! My photos on my Camera just got wiped!  
Oh Nooo! America lost the game 1-3 I so wanted *My* Beasley to win 
Just spent an hour fighting a bug in Suteki Shop that was causing the checkout process to fail. My FAIL for not testing properly 
@MySpyderWeb My son used to be on facebook all the time. Then I joined, friended him, and he says its not fun anymore  oh well, his loss.
I tried to do this in yoga just now. http://is.gd/12KMu but fell out of the pose and bashed my leg on on a cabinet. My leg REALLY hurts 
Iv been in my bed for like 5hrs and nothing happened! My eyes were just close and I cant fall to sleep 
@FrugalNYC My WP posts w/ tables w/ images w/ captions. The entire post vanishes. Was hoping upgrade would take care of. But it didn't. 
Exhausted! My mid-afternoon nap did nothing for me! 
@jasonsechrest Wouldn't that be a California law?  My hunch is all these companies would rather move to another state than slap one on 
HOLY SHIT!!!!!!  subways jalapenos are effin HOT!!!!!    My nose is running and im sweating!  i think i burned a hole in my tongue!  :'(
@xxdopeshawtiixx Cuz my dad just brought it for me. My chocolate charger thingie broke 
FUCKING AHHHH! My parents know i smoke now  these are gunna be the shittest couple of weeks ever...
I just found out that I might not be able to buy anything  My funds are on hold. Sadness.  (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
Cardiff: I don't like my food.   My food is yucky. I want falafel.
Why do all antacids taste like minty dust &amp; chalk mixed with manure?  My mouth tastes like a stable floor in a spearmint field  Bleah.
Pride was cool. Sore from walking so much yesterday. My stomach has been turning all morning. Think its the teriyaki place from pride 
Lying On My Bed Tired x 
BP Only half over&lt;3 My throat hurts  Who cares!
Wishing I felt better   Ugh!!! My Body is fighting some type of flu virus or something. I'm taking it easy today.
OWW! My feet are in some pain from new flipflops. Ouchies 
I'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyy! Get in my belly... My bf just told me he thinks its mad lame I'm on twitter  http://myloc.me/3XHe
Ahhhh!!! My mp3 ( aka the soundtrack to my LIFE!) is on the fritz! I dont know whats wrong with it! 
@WoWDawgs Blargh, I always miss you!  My characters are either Chimalis (druid) or Toffee (priest). Will try to catch you some other time~
Dodge charger;; chevy camaro = two things I need out of life eventually. Or maybe... My dude next to me.  
@surewhynot Bummer   Coffee helps! /passes a steaming hot Latte.  My day is ok I guess, but typically, could be better!
I don't know what to do! My 16mos. old climbs over every baby gate, crib, playpen we put him in and has fallen down the stairs TWICE! 
Tweeting because i have nothing else better to do!! Getting a heaeache. My ipod died too  guess i gotta charge it when i get home
@terpROC i don't even see any of yours cept that one 
@onthajon i Totally Have, My Cameo was 1/2 a second    [ T _ T ]
@onthajon i Totally Have, My Cameo is 1/2 a second  [ T _ T ]
@Shash Ooooooh! My last two houses had garden tubs-this is my childhood home. Water wouldn't even cover half of my thighs here. 
Cedar point is over  it was awesome though. My stalker glasses cracked though...
Has Rockers Wear closed in SL? My landmark takes me to a private island    #secondlife
@amyty Teehee. My cats almost never sit on me 
@jordanknight NOOOOOO! My son was playing with my camera and erased all 467 pics from the shows I went to. I think I'm gonna die 
@bubblesgalorecw  people need that 4 sure. My background in Financial  &amp; people need to save for the future... statistics are very SAD 
is waiting to see what @Magnet4Awesome is bringing back from Whole Foods! My tummy hurts and I need some ginger! 
Damn! My eye hurts! I think it's from rubbing it. 
got everything back. Three kids broke in, one was my neighbor.  My 28&quot; LCD now has two big scratches on it 
Kinda Upset That My MoM Aint Get My Roller Coaster Tycoon Game ! 
Urgh, im super duper late for radio meeting! My eye is a tad swollen.  - http://tweet.sg
@kritty you found me on the intraneats?!?!?! but i've forgotten yours. 
@nickybelly ope! My b I jumped the gun, that's a DQ 
Boooo. My mom took away all my jonas brothers and green day cds  really unhappy now.
I feel like crying because I killed a poor dragon fly, because I was scared  R.I.P My Dragon fly friend 
@cchill09 Good luck man. Im there with you. My finals are tomorrow. 
Ok going to stay home tomorrow. My back is one giant knot of owchie. I feel horrible as my boss is the one who is covering my shift 
Dunzo! Ran about three miles and lifted a little. My shoulder is hurting and so are my knees. I'm getting old  hahaa.
but i dont get them anymore.  his hands are lazy! Ugh ugh ugh. My back hurts!
Gosh dang it. My mom read my text messages. Now shes asking me questions. 
Sorry for not tweeting today. My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer this morning. 
I can't go to sleep. My sister insisted that we watch Passion of the Christ. I'm scared 
Lost my ipod. If music= life, My life is over.  fml x1000000000000000000000000
Secret...I'm sooo scared of lightning! My mom just punked me dwn and ran out in a storm to let the truck windows up. Said I was stalling! 
Eeew I feel icky. My head hurts and I couldn't eat more than a few bites of my dinner  someone should smoke me out and rub my head &amp; back
What a day! School, 3 hour nap, &amp; now spongebob eating BIG cheetoh balls. My cut on my lip hurts  it keeps bleeding.
so so so so so so tired. Momentarily forgot that I hate cable, and now remember why-my brain is FRIED! My IQ has definitely dropped 
my thumb burnsss... My finger nail is so lose, but the acylic is still attach so I cant pull it off   THE PAIN !!
@VenessaHunt Ahh! Don't.. say.. it.. My faves. 
Heard &quot;My how time flies&quot; 4 the 1M'th time 2day. Makes 1 seriously think of how they should spend their time if it flies away so easily 
I started feeling sick earlier   Took some medicine... That nightime effect is about to kick in.. My everything is feeling heavy, LOL
Just finished watching My Bloody Valentine 3D...... yeah no!!!! Not worth watching... 
@highdigi @Nuff55 Your all bringing me down man  How come you've got Sun ?
@TheBon My hydrangea died/didn't come back this yr   Do they need sun? It was in a really shady spot.
HAHA! My Dad wanted to learn fFench so he bought a GPS and set the language to French... We got lost... 
@mysensation My mistake on my Blackberry you pic looks like a girl I graduated with. My screen is too small 
I'm going to bed now. My puppy won't sleep though!! Ahhhhhhh 
Another casualty of the lightning strike on my house? My PS2.  Luckily I was able to pry it open to retrieve my copy of Final Fantasy X.
Toe still hurts a bit from being fumikomi'd on in Kendo today. Translation: My big toe got stomped on. Hard. 
Going to bed... I don't feel too good  Stupid mother nature coming back for her monthy present... My legs hurt like crud too... I hurt...
Okay. My stomach hates me this morning. I'm not sure what I did, but I'm sorry. 
I can't See My Followers!!!!   
I wanna go to sleep  tired&amp; I need to work out again tomorrow. I need Baby Wolfy for support. My bestest buddy!
Boo. My phlebotomy license is still pending.  How long is this going to take?! I want to apply for jobs!
Ughh.. My head still hurtsss!  And my life is a mess =\ x
God. My phone delayed sending of my sms tweets, then sent them out of order 
@the_trini_bajan No not to stay Lol just for a week but its basically my 1st trip without them and my 1st leaving them.. Esp. My Lil' man 
Another pic. I work down the docks in Dublin now. My car got clamped yesterday  http://twitpic.com/7j459
My friend was singing eminem songs and almost fell off da seat on the bus! my bestfriend is LEAVING  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!: My friend was s..
CRAZY thunderstorm here in Charleston. My girl and I can't sleep 
@Epiphora Yeah, I thought it was sad too. That there needed to be a quiz. My heart goes out to all the sad, joyless pussies out there. 
@FreeMoAlmond lol so true!!  My house will do that to you! I love Entourage! I don't have hbo though lol so not lately   I need 2 get it!
OMG! I think I slept funny last night. My neck is in excruciating(sp?) pain 
Aloha! My throat is sore  I should have a drink, but that'd mean getting out of bed. Tough decision.
Wah wah wah I'm gonna have to walk to kings center. My life, so hard 
Bah humbug  My anti-congestion tablets are not anti-congestioning me 
@may_rosales No Turandot? Fudge. Dammit. And I wanted to see it pa naman. My fallback is Fete, and it doesn't even come close 
The sun is out.  Time for a run, methinks.   My new noel is coming along nicely but I don't think it's going to be very long. Maybe 80k.
Yay! My phone goes &quot;Inactive SIM&quot; --- boooooo 
http://twitpic.com/7j855 - My world is shattered to see #apple using apostrophes improperly in Mail.app 
@GKFennell 2 hours?! My faulllt!  Ye be a genius no matter how many hours hehe&lt;3
I'm sad  My friend and her BF broke up after nine months because somesaid she was cheating on him =/
Finally awake. Put some things for the office hour together... My knee is hurting  &gt;.&lt;
I got attacked by a door and a wall. Rawr. My face hurts. 
@farihaak This bus wali aunty dropped Fanta all over me  My shirt is so orange now lol
Dentist gave me a local anaesthetic! My lip's gone to sleep! 
@Julehh Tell me about it. My hand cramped up SO bad today after three straight hours of writing. Bloody Law. And it's not even over yet 
Making my blasted chem essay. My voice isn't coming back. Haven't had dinner yet. :/ I'm not in a really good mood. 
@asianchoi Don't kill me. I'll bring your gauges tomorrow. My mom was like... Watching me get ready. I couldn't grab them. 
For anyone that needs me while I'm in by email me. My phone decided to stay in Florida. 
Damn! My tumblarity s really decreasing! Don't know how to make it higher! 
What a rubbish day. My xbox has decided to die on me, just broke my rear wiper motor &amp; have to move back to mums... Am not a happy bunny. 
@LeMass Sure is! I'm all exam-stressed lately. Well actually I hvn't studied tonight at all for exam tmrw =X My attitude's chgd so much 
I just got back frm lunch n dinner  1 Malay 1 indian restaurant. Now I have to pack my bag for school 2mrw n then... Shit! My art project!
@Redbookmag has announced a new HOT Husband for 2009!  My husband's title is officially over! 
Detoured traffic causing backups on smith road.  My drive to work will be longer for a while 
Morning twitterville.... Still battling a sinus headache  its tryna take ya girl DOWN man smh.. My HIM is comin 2 make me feel betta :-D
My 10mth old is on her 3rd outfit due to the inordinate amount of drool her teeth are making. Teething is awful. My poor baby girl 
Write invitations for my birthday.Oh no! My teacher invited my class for a garden party at the same time 
@Nivekeryas I want one of them too!  My Attempt was futile!
@ohmell I don't have yo number  My cell deleted ALL my contcts and I lost it do you have mine?? It's the same!!
Skate boards are not my friend! Snap My ankle hurts!!! 
Hi there folks, hope you're having a great day &amp; not suffering with hayfever as much as me. My tablets don't seem to work anymore 
I haven't tweeted yet today? Seriously? My game is OFF today 
Just finished swimming and my gulay! My left leg's soooo sore! Dunno how I did it  i'm just going to chill for now before the fashion show
Oh Noes! My darling lappy is very, very ill. I had to buy a new one just to get through the week. It's the ugly step-child I never wanted 
@DiSCOLENA argh it just ended. Of course did My computer decide to Spasm  But I guess you would have been able to listen to it
Goodmorning twitts. My lungs hurt this morning  Shouldna stayed up so late. Oh well
Checking in for a second. School is out. I have to get off the computer. My son wants it. Wonder if I will get anything done this summer 
Bout to take Sarge back to the vet to get more meds. I hate seeing him so depressed and in so much pain. My poor puppy 
Wakey y'all! My stomach is killing my body 
Woke up with the news that a family member died. My family needs me n I need them, and Im on the other side of the island..  b home soon!
@katebevan Quite - I'm a &quot;senior&quot; next year   I am convinced I'm still 25. (My wife says she has two children a 10yr old and a 49yr old).
OMG My Lil cousin is sooooo pretty (crossing my fingers) but she don't like me  http://mypict.me/41RB
Yuck. My friend tore her calf muscle 
Bout to strangle a child! 3.5 hour drive back home from Mobile  My sun burn is slightly better today though!!
Damnit, @Jamesbesmith. Here I was, ready to go to Brooklyn for some Cake Man, and now it's not happening.  My day, she is ruined. #sulking
Had another Stupid test 2day   I hate them it was writing omg!!!! i wrote 3pages 1 about Eve(My mate u rock!) and other about sweets....
FUCK i missed school! My mom is going to piss on me 
MU Reseating tonight.  My current seats are already gone   I loved those seats!  Hopefully my next choice is still there at 4:17!!!!
HOLY CRAP!!! 1 poster is $15!! WTH!!! aaahHH!!My dad will kill me if I even think about buying it   Help 
The 3 is no longer in school Miss My Friends  Of 3 waaa
@CamiRaeRae It was such short notice! My bad!  Next time fo sho
Just got my new 20 Kg kettlebell in the mail last night. My entire body is sore today 
Vaat hai! Public paisa mang rahi hai and i cant even say know. My salary goes down by 10 k 
@natalyvaldes Okay, now I hate you even more. My pregnant ass is stuck here for another 5.5 hours. Wahhhhhhhh! 
I'm yours 
@MisterSnoop My family is going out to Busch Gardens today for da little kids' summer holiday. It looks like fun, but I gots to stay home 
Fuck the vet. My dog feels helpless. 
@ThomasHensel  Mmm. Mine's stress related, I'm sure. So much drama in this house lately.   My main escape is my writing, and I'm glad  ...
@LorraineStanick I'm sad I missed yours 
@JosephRanseth Cool, I'll try to be there tonight.  My week is already hectic. 
@Pookthy You poor thing  But isn't this your 2nd baby? Mom should know better ..) My MIL was vacationing in Hawaii when I had my 1st.
@VanSunNews 30 days?! the INJUSTICE system has ceased to amaze me! My friend killed no one and ended up with 7 life sentences!!! 
@MichelleDK Yea :S My poor small car is now like a teenager with pimples 
My eyeball just karate kicked my contact. My eyelid tried to stop it... But was unsuccessful in its attempt. Eyeball wins. 
Disturbed, i had $1700.00  in my purse and it was stolen from my car at a gas station. My trip to vegas , have to start over 
Nibbler ran away... My heart hurts 
I bloddy hate summer sandals!! Killing my feet  But, WOOP!! My LAST exam was today!! 
Cyber slappin @see_mona and @sonyateclai for not calling me back yet. smh.My hands are ready to choke biatches.hahaha.LUV U 
@mulho2mj place that used to be called red hots/Has some route 66 feel to it/Off apline past 4 mile.The station? My lunch wasn't so good 
Ow! My back is not happy... I think it's the bed's fault.  At least 60%, anyway.
Rumor has it! My families house is being painted from lemon to taupe! I know we don't own it anymore but somebody should have called 
@takingnames Any changes N ur home? My cat has done the same thing when I had guests or even moved the furniture around. Theyre sensitive 
Don't u hate when appointments got all mixed up....can't be in two different places at the same time. My bad 
@ARmedia1 storm 3? Wow...damn touch screen!!! My personal deal is #ineedat physical keyboard rt now Sprint only bb world phone no cam 
@classicsole LOL, I was on cam with it last night. My boyfriend said I look like Sho Nuff. 
@MuStAnG_sk0m Green day... Mas n tou a ver kual a musica... My bad 
@xoxclaw awwww SEX-AY! I'm at mi casa. My friend, I havn't seen yo ass in too long  porque?
@_sharonn Yeah. My whole backyard is flooded now 
@Grimwell Did you run away? My 1:1 time has come and gone.   Abandonator.
@ChantiParnell Yes... My passionate night with john barrowman... Was dissapointed 
So tired. Got to get hyper before practice but how? My mom still hasn't taken me to get pixi sticks. 
Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad 
Gotta get ready for work... My poor little man still doesn't feel good 
AND FOOD. Thats what i also want. My stomach is eating itself. 
@DonnieWahlberg omg yes My friend and I was talking about that (Saratoga) the other day ddub that is such a sad thought of you being gone 
Grrrr....everything I want for dinner has pasta. My ass is objecting. 
Off work! Sittin at my mother's house. My grandma is sick again 
Doin the ironin. My back is so sore 
Irish feast FAIL!!! My mom forgot and made Mexican food. I am really sad. 
Got the hair chopped off- I like the fact its more stylish....My hubby is pretty upset.  He got a haircut today as well...He hated his 
@tonyrobbins Sorry to hear about your father in law.  Very scary.   I hope he will be well!  My thoughts and prayers are with your family.
Well... My break @ work is over...  3 &amp; 1/2 hours to go!
@EloraLunasea i guess so  So sorry Elora. My thoughts are with you.
@Garythetwit we get her on sun/mon. Wetting myself!!! My results come on the 30th.  life is not as important as twitter.
@Fiona_of_Toorak Well it does kinda,... but I can't compete with them.  My manbits are small, pale and unthreatening.  
@gennaaaaay Really? Your teeth still look nice though! Yeah it sucks for me  We're even tho! U reminded me about community service -_____-
So sad. My coworker is goin to Alaska for business. He just got back from another business trip! I miss him 
OMG! Has it happened? The world has gone to hell! My neighbor was robbed, home invasion style today!      I need a gun!
Ok I was out &amp; abt for at least 45mins today &amp; I got sun burned on my face! My head hurts &amp; so does my face   why so hot baby jesus??
Gunna go try and take an ice cold shower,even tho i hate cold showers. My whole body is on fire 
I may have set a Guiness record for most # of consecutive sneezes.  My body will be aching tomorrow.  
@whiteley yeah! My mom told me to get out of the car. I hadn't even shifted gears yet! She's incredibly patient you know. Never learned 
Crap! My nap ran away with me again! Alarms don't do shit when you keep hitting the snooze button  That's it, no nap tomorrow.
Working on bringing down the GM of my store... worst manager I've had in my life.   My goodness, I need a new job 
Drive safe! My truck is slow but.... Well its just slow 
@momexperience Gosh. What's up? My uncle is dying right now and I just read someone else's aunt died today. 
i just realized i've missed an hour and 17 minutes of the CMT awards.  My dvr has is scheduled to record tomorrow night - not tonight.  
My little brother and my dad went to Hawaii to take care of family business. My mom and other brother went out now i'm home alone 
Sunny afternoon..::.. My eyes are hurting 
@vella_amor_dm My phone is evil  Must've heard about my looking at the LG Viewty. Now to save money for it *sigh*
I'm taking sleeping pills tonight. Noo way am I going to sleep at 7AM again!  ! My goal for this summer is to have a healthy amt of sleep.
@psychazndood ofc you too!! Come on down son!! My leg still hurts  haha I need mad help!!
@alabear I hope I can come! My mom is like no going out, you need to study. Your only going out to work. PFT 
bumbed out that im not going out to Halo   My friend kept my debit card and I dont have $$$. Punk! u shall pay for this!
Thunder Mountain!!!!!! My feet hurt REALLY bad! 
Kind of not feeling good.  My tummy feels upset. I think I need a break from the house. &gt;&lt;
Deng. My teeth hurt. 
@palmbeachsoaps I'm sorry.   My Dad will be gone 6 years in Sept..it doesn't get easier.
@kcsulliv Lucky you! I drive here every week. Does the BF want a part time job? My Dad is a pilot too, but he won't fly me 
Missin tha lil bro..   goodnite http://sml.vg/MY6He6
@theLABELwhore My banana pudding was definitely GOOD!!!! and I made it from scratch!!!! But I'm back in VA 
@carriedittemore Sorry about that... My stomach is really upset... 
Watching the office. My Weekend is over 
Went 2 court 4 bullsh*t traffic offense. Dude behind smelled of clams &amp; smacked me in the face w/his sweaty,hairy belly. My cheek was wet 
@SirBarley I'm doing good, Barley! How are u? My Tuesday has bn a little boring, bol. Mom wasn't home 4 most of the day  how was us?
@chatterboxcgc Just remembered to check and I do NOT think our Pokens connected. Bummer! My Poken remains friendless. 
Eff you twitter! My other @jacobmengelkoch tweet wont send 
@lindsayccw Aww. Boo Tampa. My heart hurts with you. 
Just woke up/ Yawn. Wanna see the doc after this. My hand is in pain. 
http://tinyurl.com/mau7ne My new video. I hope to get the MGO 1 done soon. I'm quite proud of this 1 but YT managed to desync some parts. 
Played Catz on the DS. My arm hurts  i'm such a child with games i love it!
@marbethh Damn I still need to learn how to drive. My mom's getting pissed at me. 
Ate too much tonight.  My belly hurts 
@jASH_mjBs you seem smart, you should pick up on html in a breeze!  My job is asking me to design sites with Flash&amp; that mug is a bitch 
@mikeyway Dude, Ecto Coolers were the BEST. My friends and I tried to remake them once with various mixtures. It was never the same 
I'm so dumb, i know i'm allergic and i put on latex gloves! My fingers are all FAT now 
Madd specifix: My kidneyzzz hurt! 
Fuck I wish I hadn't seen her today.  she completely put me back down just by seeing her. My heart is shattered
heart attack! My heart is still rushing. I couldn't turn it off, so I had put it in the loading dock to silence it. Think it's broken. 
Currently stunned. My phone fell from the top of the front desk. It has dents on all corners now. Good feeling gone too soon. 
r @5tu My brother used to own an 85 toyota that had similar shape (and instrumentation) to a deLorean. Tried to get him to BTTF it but no 
@bubblesparaiso hey.  Last week you were having colds, right?  Now it's me who's having that same problem.  My throat hurts.  
Listening to BTBAM colors album , this album is a master fucking piece!!! My only regret is I didn't get to see it live 
Sleepy time? I guess. My tummy hurts.. 
I am getting my second tooth and I feel very crabby. I didn't sleep all day. Mommy is so tired and I am too. My gums are hurting 
Woke up. My back hurts 
It's been 24 hrs. My imagination is getting the best of me. Please call or get online, Love 
Is waiting For someone to come open the door. So I can actually do the job. Fun times. My hairs getting wet  twill get all curly in a bit.
@MsBourgeoisie LOL... My bad! Blame it on the goose and @ErikasNstyle &amp; @yhunt03. Too bad I have a meeting at 930am. 
Good morning Seagyn, weekend was fantastic thanks...yours? The pics are going to be delayed a bit  My friend deleted them by mistake
man, found a small dent, and scuffs on my car  I think the car wash did it, cuz that's about all I've gone to. My poor green Element.
Grr...My tweetdeck (iPhone) has been crashing on me 
@moose73 Wasn't the sky stunning! I was standing in my front yard near Mitcham, wantint to take a shot! My good camera is sick, though! 
I think my external HDD is dead  My star gate, gone!!!
@InKatlinsPahnts hmmm well i guess we already found out i could forget yours O.o 
can't find her pots and pans and forks and spoons! My, oh, my! Eating's not gonna be very easy until they appear. 
Ahhhh.. My desktop PC isn't booting any more. Either it's the gfx card or my mainboard.  Pc was almost new ...
Precisely nothing to do. Mummy frying fish. My hair smells! 
@brenyeo @suitecherryl Dammit! My colleague gets to go Southbridge office next week. I won't be able to have lunch with you. 
The sun has gone away today  My sparkly mood has gone with it. Ohhh 
@Imaged I had 1 purchase from FP, they shipped 4 days later than claimed, still did not get it  My be I am out of luck, get more info.
Argh! No ice cream anymore. My mum's picking me up 
@katie_fruitcake My PC broke down so badly, that I can't even turn it on ;( So I won't be online for a while  Love you so much &lt;3
@superwife Oh no! My condolences to you and your mom. 
Auwshhh! My back hurts really really bad  From my left shoulder bone, all the way to the right one. Can someone feel sorry please? Thanks.
Booked Suri for his op tomorrow morning. My poor baby 
@Malunis My Prowl /wants/ to interact with the cannon prowler[for the lulz XD] but  I dont think that players that active? 
@junlo Yeah apparently. He let us practice writing strokes for 3 hours. My hands are so tired 
Fucked up a bit the german final test. It's ok. My bf doesn!t pass this year. She came crying to me 
Finger update: its my right hand. My mates know what this means to me! Hahaha :') that's tonights plans fucked 
http://twitpic.com/7m016 - My brother totally left me and fell asleep  thats my Pokemon blanket from when I was his age, no laughing.
Ow. My butt hurts. Just jumped into the back seat of the jeep  bleh. OUCH! http://myloc.me/484O
Good morning Florida.  My geeks and I got up early to watch the Space Shuttle launch only to find it postponed 
#masterchef This sucks. My two fave competitors are head-to-head!  Switching to #spicksandspecks
Ohhhh my goodness I'm so tired. Less than 3 hours of sleep and working all day. My kitten had a rough first night. I think she hates me 
Ghostbusters game still not on torrents.  My hand is cramped from using WASD for PROTOTYPE.  Fuck video games 
@KenLeopard My work pc doesn't have sound.  Sorry, just feeling really mis at the moment.
Good morning! My last day of senior year! It's kinda sad 
Hmmm... My twitted client seems all aflutter... Not getting updates 
Working late yesterday... forgot USB... can't work today!!!  My point: it's not worth it to work hard.
Another f ing day of work, when can I retire? Oh yes, about 40 years  @ My cribby crib http://loopt.us/iBXeuw.t
@raina_roo Ooooo they are so cute!  My mommy wants to get me a sibling but daddy says not now.   A sibling would be fun!
Just got My Tiger Woods 10 from ebay =D  Shame I have 6 hours before I get home 
This migraine is kickin my ass. Definitely not gonna be able to do the work thing today. My head will stay attached to my pillow 
OW.  My head is killing me.  I've come over all shakey and almost fell over when carrying the tea 
@kirstykay Mee too  My sister and I have to cook dinner/dessert every weekend. It's good experience but we're so not master chefs haha.
@alroker Kind of a sad day for me. My mom passed away 4 years ago today. 
@momadvice Agreed!! Productivity in the summer is tough with little ones around. My nightmare will start next week, school will be over 
OMG! My uni has just REJECTED my application for accommodation  It'll take me an hour and a half to get into town every day for it 
Sigh. My friends bury their five-year old son today. Such tragedy 
cant wait till i go home and get the new iphone OS 3.0 . My comp at work wont let me get itunes 
is off to the hospital in half an hour, FINALLY! Bloody NHS waiting lists. My poorly knee 
Well this sucks. My first and favorite fish, a betta, died last night.  I got him 2 months ago on my birthday.
@julesepoo I can't remember that episode  lol. Have fun at work. =P My work day ends in 1 hour =P
F-WORD.  My vacation hours suck  how the hell do ppl take 2 weeks off when I don't even have enough for 1 week and my vacation was in NOV?
@trixie360 I like it, but it's missing &quot;My Favorite Games&quot; and &quot;Systems Owned&quot; sections 
@robmuch Lies! My iTunes tell's me otherwise 
@sage_in_spain Oh I'm so happy to hear that! My car  It was sent to the crusher yesterday - beyond repair...
Good morning everyone.. My allergies are attacking me today 
was in chennai b4 a week. it was so hot-- My bottom got baked while sitting &amp; traveling in the trusted TN buses.   @nadhiyamali
@rhidown Oh such a Wonderful family. My cab is only 29 a month, and i can use 150 but no interent 
Aww My Cousin Is Crying 
@chaundra_rae whats ur number again? lol.. Man. Tmobile sux. My phone isnt working right now 
My earphones!  something's wrong with my earphones!  happy jerje??! &gt;:|  :O oh My god!O no he di'int!He woudnt dare! bferji! Oh it's on!
6:30am, up. Probably gonna hop in the shower. My stomach hurts!  Seriously thinkin I have the flu.
Rainy day.  My oldest leaves for the summer in 3 days    Gonna miss him
Playing guitar and chatting on MSN. My fingertips are very sore from doing both of these...  But it's fun XD
Would any of my SF friends like to join me for the Coldplay concert next month?? My original date doesn't think she can go 
FB: Also ow. Was I freaking punching the wall in my sleep or something? My middle/ring knuckles on my right hand are cut up. 
I am so tired! My dad's home cuz he's been coughing a lot too.  I'm not alone anymore. Boo. I might be having a Last-Minute Party today!
@soapboxdave Hmm.. apple is having all kinds of problems. My 3GS (which I pre-ordered on the 8th) still hasn't shipped  #iphone #fail
Yep. Worst morning in a long time. If you see my wife, be sweet to her. Her morning was no better. 
@kaffy Those hurt A LOT!  If u think u r, go to doc. My BIL almost died from stone leaving gallbladder &amp; go into pancreas. Go to doc NOW.
Britney @ the MEN tonight and I'm not even going  Cunt @ My life 
@TheLASIKDoc My eyes are just bad candidates  Some medical issues with them that aren't going away anytime soon.  Oh well.
@dantemusic4ever @SirOpulence http://bit.ly/nwWWH  Sooo tacky...My poor black women....SAD 
needs a massage! My QL's &amp; Erectors are TIIIIIIGGGGGGHHHHTTTTTTTT! 
Well went for blood work and passed out! My boyfriends grandfather passed away yesterday. Now I am doing hair for them  pray for the fam.
But on to other things. My son and his girlfriend broke up last night. They are 10 and 11. Young love is so fickle. He's really torn up 
I might take a short little nap right now... Like half an hour... My head hurts from not sleeping... 
@Bail88ge   My boat was the Titanic and it sunk. 
had a good morning! Kick boxing, strength training, and a short run...but now I'm sad! My baby is sick and I had to leave him at the vet 
Anybody wanna go in 2 work 4 me tonite? I'll let u borrow ma chevrons and u just run shift for me. My head is bangin man 
@CherryPoint49 I feel like I am getting Bronchitis. My chest has been so heavy 
Are the comments not workin on YouTube? My friend is trying 2 add 1 but it wont work  http://bit.ly/PyZ5W
Enterprise people are dropping like flies.... My generation is almost all gone! 
Om nom nom. Pizza &lt;3 .. My teeth hurt though  .. you shouldn't be in pain while eating.
We are going out of town this weekend and the thought of boarding Brutus scares me to death. My little special needs buddy. 
@TwittsMcGhee Omg. My heart. Beachh 
Sittin in class bored. My leg hurts SO much, and I can't wear shorts in this hot weather cuz it's an UGLY bruise  FML!!!
Working today. This office= freezing. My toes= cold. Cardigan= at home. 
Hates humity .... My hair ... Omg 
On our way to LAX. My sis is going home.  
What's up #FireFox you failed @springanew this morning. How can #IE have outperformed you? My existence is now in question. 
@tuxradar Any more content coming soon? My iGoogle is looking sad with an un-updated feed 
Stuck at the Airport. My day in Vegas (with a customer) just got cut by a few hours 
@firestarter_it Yup! My phone is still saying 2.2.1 is the latest. Bummer  waiting, waiting......
 ... UghH... Anybody wanna come to my house and cook? My mom is leavin for work and aint cook me shit !... Can't trust dem hoes!!!
Uhmmm #squarespace I need an iPhone please &amp; #trackle I could also use your help! Please help!! My wife won't let me buy one 
Nobody feels more sorry for them selves when sick than men. My 3rd day going, - crap this just ain't no fun at all... 
Read some interesting info about Sundowner's Syndrome and Hospital Psychosis.  My poor daddy...I just want him home.  
Alas i have no headbands nor do i have a car to go buy some. My pretty will just have to wait to get his kitty ears.   sorry Rayne...
@CalorieGirl Yes they're state of the art. My dr, she rocks. I'm away from pre-Diabetis now but insulin bad so back on metformin again 
Bittersweet moment right now. My baby is finally getting the chance to immortalize her pops on her arm but im not even there 2 c it..sad 
@jsayreallen I gave Decemberists a shot after I saw a bumper sticker for them, once. My conclusion: Neat band name, lame music. 
@iam_joybryant  You Jus broke My Heart http://bit.ly/R7Cuz   
@richardnolan bah  My download was quick - am all installed and up &amp; running, just waiting for o2 to get in gear and activate MMS. Sigh.
Freedom til tomorrow! My last day in the pharmacy 
I'm fine everyone. Thank you for caring. My car is pretty effed tho 
Ok I don't feel very well and have a big pain in my belly  My mom and dad are at the pub and keys not here. What shall I do? ... Tweeeeeet
@tastypopsicle oh yea!  My dragon pic i made is on that site.  Silly me 
@SLessard My wife had to get rid of Twitterific because of an error. She ended up dl'ing TwitterPhon which she doesn't really like. 
http://twitpic.com/7nln6 - My daughter teaching Elmo to potty 
Saw old faces tonight, it was nice. My heart hurts  I think it was the chips and cheese i had on the way home.
Hi twitter-mates! Just installed a twitter app on my new blackberry. Haven't tweeted in ages! My service doesn't do iphone. 
@Seanthings Yup. My download of the first epi this season took forever, so I was a bit behind 
Sad my nephews left today.  My house is quiet and there is nothing to pick up off the floor   Wish they could of stayed longer.
getting worried that my iPhone may not actually arrive on Friday.  My order status still says &quot;Prepared for Shipment&quot;. #iphone
@xCarCrashHearts Yeah they hurt a while after. Your mouth feels on fire and it like tears the shit outta the insides of your cheeks  s ...
I wish I could curl up in the fetal position and pass out. My head hurts, my chest feels like a massive weight is on it. Yeah... I'm sick 
OMG! My dog is blind in one eye! I have a real bad attitude...don't want to be spoken to for the rest of the day 
Updating iTunes for the upgrade to Os 3.0. My computer is super slow 
Dang! My put-down skills must seriously be weak. How come @lisahi gets harassed by the crazy Glambert fans for her tweets and I don't? 
@MarsVA Alas, no more cookies until next January.   My hips are thankful though!
I can't hear shit! My ears are Fucked up and everyone is being loud and i'm being quite! I just wanna go home 
needs a drink... of MonaVie Pulse! My blood pressure is through the roof right now. 
@Stephbkrr @irajellybean My Mom is furious at me for telling her that I'm not going. She basically shunned me and she stormed off. 
Doh! My dad jumped into the ocean with his camera in his pocket! 
I lost my &quot;Dion Bracelet&quot; at work!! My everyday accessory. I'm really sad 
Grrrr! Youtube has been really slow and most videos I go to watch won't load. My internet is PERFECT but youtube isn't  Anyone else same?
@Go_Girls I've entered every contest I can... but to no avail... My DH lost his job 6 months ago and I can't make it to #blogher 
@PantsPartay Yeah it was really sad. My nephew went to school with her sons.   You can see the whole story here: http://tinyurl.com/ql39zv
Up at stupid o'clock in the morning thanks to My update for iPhone going splat  Had to do a full restore and sync 2,000 tracks back on 
Eff. My phone was dead. 
@bluelittlegirl:  My inner fangirl can't handle it if the follow up news is bad, too. My meltdown will be legendary. Epic even. *sniffles*
Sad. My neighbor is moving in a week  I'm hella gonna miss him.
Band practice. My ears are ringing 
I meant to put hate, not have. Haha. Finallllyyyy here. Traffic makes me all tense. My cousins puppy is sick so I'm rubbing his tummy 
Uh, no. My flu got worse. . 
@TheMisster yeah My co-worker and I were looking for a Sushi place in the area for our once a week lunch outing. We found nothing new. 
I'm at My Sister Graduation. I am hungry. This is so boring 
@Stimey   My son is headed in that direction. I found a soapy sink full of wires, screws and AA batteries last week.
Soooo very sad!  My heart aches 
@aznJaime Yes! My mom is still gone 
Still doing homework... BTW My mouth hurts so bad!!!! I've bitten myself!!! 
Noo.. My DA my subscription is over 
@grneyedyella yeah well kinda... My homeboy works for AT&amp;T n he said the mms won't b on until end if summer 
@goodtimenation Sometimes we do! My early childhood probably conditioned me to not fear earthquakes.  Tornadoes came later. Dun dun DUN.
Too. Much. Cream soda. My stomach hurts now. 
GAH! My game is glitching out and I can't get out of this level 
Watching the My Blood Valentine remake.  What the fuck is this crap?  Who the fuck thought this was a good idea?
@wabbits we live in NC, do u? selling my bun Cinderella want her 2 have a lovin home like urs. My son is allergic 2 hay in her litter box 
Took them contacts out.  My eyes were getting dry. 
Wow...I spelt cigarettes wrong. Christ I've always thought it was 2 g's. My spelling skills are usually decent. 
Looks like Find My Phone does not use the skyhook WIFI DB for location   #iphone30
@_Mom24 My baby is 3.5 months old and I have bald patches at each temple. Had them with my first too. 
okay @beamagpie , it's NOT the twitter API that's got the problem  My stuff shows up, your site keeps turning my account off  OUCH
(@eleven_extra) My arm still hurts.  Ow, shots. ;-; I need a hug.
Just got back from Borders...eating a late dinner. @NnamdiNwoke wasn't too happy  My babe was kinda hungry...he's good now though ;)
Kway teow tng, liang teh, a lot of Strepsils...and dont make me talk, prease. My throat feels like sandpaper! 
oh.my.gosh. that is all i can say about My Sister's Keeper. So so sad, but so amazing 
Need a good, easy photo editing program that is compatible with Vista. My Picture It will not work! 
@jdeverter thoughts for your grandmother... 91 years well lived. My grandmother is 96 &amp; has deteriorated much over years.  Live the moment
@MandyyJirouxx &quot;Bad things happen when we rehearse at night and when my car's not there nothing feels right&quot;  My car was towed!
@jennifaohjennie @Pinkeee: My Daily Twittascope is on crack! havnt gotten mine today  feel so left out.
@danecook I know! It's one of the most intelligent sci-fi shows in a very long time. My wife and I are hooked. Oh-missed you in Edmonton 
@IronmanBobby Yea, I just started ep. 976 today   Thanks for cracking me up today btw. Your trainer complaints did me in!
It's 10 pm and i'm still working on job apps. My hand hurts from typing and writing. Someone text meee! 
Super Memory Match My daughter's favorite Iphone game, http://tr.im/oq9R I haven't found a game for me yet 
I had the worst Fucking night sleep ever, My eyes sting My neck hurts and i keep yawning  *cries*
Morning everyone. Haven't slept much. My legs are still itching. Bloody insects did a good job on them 
Sleepless once again. My bad knee is killing me. The joint feels completely out of whack &amp; nicely swollen. Hasn't felt this way ever 
Got a bit rained on on the way home  My new coat did a good job of keeping me dry though!
My hard work SO paid off! Taking a break 4 the night. My baby turns 6 tomorrow, or today actually.  Where has the time gone? 
Total WTF moment: Lady Gaga is younger than me. My god, when did I become OLD??? 
Damn. My tummy has cramps 
A friend jumped on my back today, 3 times! Twice 4 a piigy-back, once when I was at my locker for a 'hello for today!' My back hurts! 
@_nolyn  Sorry I had to let u down for 2 days... My head is still painful I dunno why! But I'l be there tomorrow, 8:30 sharp!
http://twitpic.com/7oxz0 - My friend Sierra wh doesnt want her pic taken and she is moving away 
Wonderful. My bank is completely fucking my account right now. I'm $240 overdrawn because of idiotic holds they've put on the account. 
Eeek.  one thing i hate about being home. My brothers creeper of a friend. Sexual harrassment.
In trouble Can anyone recommend me  a architecture diagram for Social CRM pls.....My boss is behind my life!!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/7oyws - My friend Sierra who doesnt want her pic taken and she i moving away 
http://twitpic.com/7oyz8 - My friend Sierra wh doesnt want her pic taken and she is moving away 
http://twitpic.com/7oz8p - My friend Sierra who doesnt want her pic taken and she is moving away 
Just finished reading &quot;My Sisters Keeper&quot; I've never been so sad to finish a book in my life!  -- Awesome book can't wait to see the movie
@rahulsah Quite possible. My office internet sucks neway... The thing is that im sooo used to Gmail that i cant bear that it doesnt work 
I cant sleep! My legs hurt so bad  yes, my legs... Strange..am i getting old? Damn, 21 and already ruined! Haha wanna be 17 again...
Ahhhhhh...I never want to tag this many pictures on Facebook again!  My pointer finger hurts 
Ohh My God  I can't believe this happened. Is it weird to feel empty when I don't know if anything was there in the first place? UGHHH
@DAZ081068 nah. My mum ( @ericafluffy ) instilled a catholic guilt complex in me as a child. I feel so guilty about having any time off 
@otisframpton Oh I'm so sorry   My condolences.
Ok, maybe there is the reply button there--cause I see none here!  My lesson is over!
OMG, My followers rapidly decreased over night 
Eye exam!! My eyes are too small got contacts  looks like I'm blind for snow again lol
Awww. My step granny is busy getting ready to pass away. Renal failure  I miss my family.
Sleepy. My feet hurts need a massage! (olds fractures...) 
Because 4 kids caught swine flu. My school (SIS) is closed. GREAT! now I'm gonna get fined for textbooks that are not returned. 
@sexydatatango Nooooo ring me again! My phone was off and I did a 1471 and I just missed you 
@mwtsnx Hi! My names jake, i would love to just talk sometime , im not some crazy fan just would like to talk..doubt that will happen 
Welp, the rain is taking care of the smoke.  Laundry is done and I'm in my PJs.  My tennis shoes didn't leave the shelf.  
Poh is gone. My life is over 
Headache! PLEASE go away!  My dad wanna bring me to the clinic but I said NO! :/
@KABZA  EISH! OK! My machine would explode if i used tweetDeck LOL
Is killing it again today! My feet kill though!  post work pints tonight! Woop!
@AnnCurry Whoa. I hope Hillary Clinton will be okay. My little brother fractured his elbow once, quite painful, from his description. 
Two more people moved into our room. My cool foldy table has kind of been rendered obsolete. Sad.  I loved that thing!
OMG,My teeth hurts! 2 of them 2 b precise!  I have no idea what I've been puttin in my mouth for this 2 happen! *sigh*
@kiki_the_blub My AIS friends can't graduate now 
Good morning twitterbugs!! My tummy hurts 
trying to line up a lunch date My FAVORITE Man has to work 
Anyone tried Excellent Analytics and succeeded in getting data into an excel sheet? My sheet stays empty after a performing a query  #ga
Ew, I have to go to the orthodontist today. My wire snapped. 
@cc_monkey I eat Avo. My weakness is chocolate. 
has become accustomed to the milk that she uses in her drink... (My Fair Lady imitation fail) I has no milk for mah tea. 
I'm barely breathin' ... My tears R chokin' ... Life's strangling me ... Dreams R fading ... Simply ... I'm 100% dead 
Feelin really sad today.. My bike's engine got seized... No oil..  So gotta wait til Sat to get my bike ! DAM !
@HigashiTSM Eww. My poor sister in law. 
@jesrose Cleaning off your hard drive? Me too! My computer is running SUPER slow 
@divinjohn I am ready to play. My internet keeps stabbing though  I have one close NITK friend (@abhiram), in my same college clan.
Ahhhh! My alarm did may go off this morning 
@JupitaUpcycled well I have never ever ever been sick in JUNE before. My eyes itch, my nose if stuffy, and my throat (aka shroat) is sore 
@kookycanuck I am BUMMED I missed the Kooky bday party! I was stranded. My truck is allergic to transmissions. 
@kbayybayy we are hanging out asap! I miss you!!!! My phone was dead all day and night....saw ur angry twits   I'll Kung fu anyone for ya
Homeward bound. My feet ache.  Long day.
@merrypranxter Sorry to hear that dear. My sympathies 
Sorry everyone. My account was hacked 
Preparing For My Midterm Exam 
@SackPackies Goooood XD  Pia lay off the coke! xP  My days been fine thanks, no we haven't talked properly in a few days  ly Piaaa xox
@purpleconverse well... I dont like yours either 
@natiebaby Trying to replace my lost/stolen license. Someone at My House got me! 
@danielayala  Thanks for the encouraging words. All better today! Sorry about your car getting hit.   My house was hit by a car once.
@howie9416  I am not sure the time.  My local paper has no NHL talk whatsoever.   #nhlwithdrawal
@Sugarlandmusic Someone got them! My mom just checked! Darn! 
This is some bitchassness!! My laptop crashed and now I have no music and I lost all my wk. Damn, I'm pissed 
@macsbabygurl Sorry I probably cant come over.  My dad wot answer his phone! &gt;&gt;&gt;::(( GOD! He left us and now I cant do anything!!! &gt;
I'm happy and sad. My Ks are moving on to 1st grade. But I wont be with them. 
Hi ellen. I have been trying to get tixs for ur show in L.A w/ no success   Any other tricks to get tixs?  My bro in law was here vis ...
@nickhesson who's yer host? My Dreamhost has been yoyoing the last 2 days AGAIN 
@unrealmusik *anxiety* My Firebox soundcard is broken, I need to buy a new one.  What do you use and are you happy with it?
I'm sooooooo stupid!!!!!! My sister doesn't come home till tommorow...not today!!!!!!!!! lol! Bummer 
This means that I will have to rewatch Just My Luck tonight. We're currently borrowing it from someone, so it'll happen. 
** Aww My baby's Walking around the house Saying &quot; Mommy It's my birthday I'm 2.. ** Aww Shes So Big...  **
@tinkerbell_pt Tell me about it. My Freeview box overheated the other day 
Asian pageant.. Epic fail. My mic was barelyy working 
I ate too much at the office Ice Cream Social! My stomach = 
@eliteprince Same here...My creative juices are drained in fact 
Boo!  My iPhone mileage app isn't 3.0 compatible.  
Arghh! Forget a nice weekend - My pets are going to drive me up the wall! I need a pillow and earplugs! 
@lifeonmyside better yours than mine  ugh I would hate that! Lol
@vodkatrina hahahahaah OMG I swear to gawd I did too a month ago! My friends said not to tell anyone 
Too crazy!  My space not bad 10 new friend requests.  Omg live is nuts !   1000 + neglected 
@deanoshoes OH is a teacher? My mum was a teacher, very admirable job! Bit of a gutter tho' if she won't come to Glasto 
Whoo-hoo! Finished! It's very hot under those lights. My question wasn't asked and I never got to comment boo! 
Going to dance .. My last night at Carpelz ever .. This is so sad .. I hope I don't cry . Rehearsal for the show tonight .. Ah  &lt;3
Its so  fucking hotttttttt OMG My 09 Is Overheating 
Nah, I just don't have anything worth tweeting about. My life's pretty dead at the moment 
@Roseblue Hmph. My younger gdaughter, the one screen left, has a busted lip from learning to walk. 
@StacieLane me too BFF.My tummy acting like a bitch today. 
@YoungMClayton Yes u do. he looks so sweet. I want2 bite his cheeks off &amp; give him hugs and kisses. My son is not having that these days 
@Superlambanana ahh thanku !! My parents don't anymore ! There still having counseling after 20 yrs 
Lasagne for dinner and then have to get to my daughter's fifth grade graduation ceremony.  My legs are shaky from being sick. 
@arsenal_fann My sister accidentally took my Sims 3 disk with her and now I am sims-free until the mail comes in tomorrow 
I'm going home and taking a nice warm relaxing bath. My back is killing me. From my shoulders to my tailbone. 
Last night of Bible School.   Possible breaking news could be coming out soon about me and a new room mate!  My boi from dat Ville!
Ok-made it to the end of the day with out falling on these high heels. Never again! My feet hurt 
Crazy Family ! My cousin is so Foolish ... I wanna kill him 
I want to play The Sims 3 now  Have to wait 10 days though... My boyfriend got it today, yay 
@Dewyleaf Nornmally I would but it's been pouring ALL day!  My basement is flooding too! Wahhh!
@casualperfect I think you're right. My tweets aren't showing up on FB either.  Double-duty texting today!
@afreshmusic hey D! My bad, I just saw your message. I'm trying to get to London, but I'm grounded due to weather. Ugh!! 
@willsm23 - Hey hun, what ya doin now? My tummy hurts, I guess anxiety from making sure my renewals get done 
In Dallas for an hour layover. My favorite city and I dont get to fully enjoy it 
@ZeppelinDW  I'm good thanks!! Sorry it took so long to get back to you babe.. My phone die 
Boooo! My dr was closed! 
@Zevia My local store only carries a couple of the flavors  Hopefully they'll carry more of them soon! I'll tell the manager to get on it.
Some women should not be allowed to drive SUVs ... or even drive ... period!  My poor car 
I have to go to the Clinic.. My sister is sick   - In spanish: Porcina O: xdd parece :L
Ughh. My head hurts 
!!#%!#%!^ I just dropped my metal measuring spoons into rotating garbage disposal.Wah. My fave set of ms poons! 
@TyTV_Live hey. I decided not to go. My head hurt and I'm in a fucked up mood. 
@tammytibbetts LOVE the tee's! My fav is the Beatles one..wish it wasn't ridiculously overpriced. 
cooking... I do it all the time! Ugh... My left middle finger is swollen cause the shrimp skin thingy got Stuck under my nail in my skin 
Man, it's bloody hot down here in soIL! No shorts packed either. My Milky Way melted.  So much for a pick-me-up near the end of drive.
Mtg running late. My show will be a little late 
@hyomini @bkzzang I've never had mac before so never tried that! My experience only lies within Windows   
Gotta practice bowling tonight! My average is dropping rapidly. 
@Jessicaveronica haha what a dumbass.... People lie about the stupidest shit!! My fam lives in Houston but I'm not there, sorry! 
Yeah i'm refering to my stupid tweet happy sister. Her tweets make no sense what so ever and they mess up my texts. 
listening to My Chemical Romance with my dad... (my bracelet got wet  #iranelection)
Watching SYTYCD - It sucks that My Three Fav Couples are in the bottom 3 
Jk, i wouldn't trade my little man for anything  My men are fartin' men. someone get me a noseplug  My poor nose will be dead soon. 
@ChrisIsSoGreat I know  I totally hogged yours too lol
It sure is a shame..Took me 25 minutes to cook something I could have already eaten 22 minutes ago! My poor microwave. 
@micromim @rochester_crime My NIH grant got 37 percentile- I'm getting weary getting those kind of scores  no dancing for me
@elainea haha!  My sis had a c-section, Bella was breach 
Oh my God fuck having a life. My friends stole me away and I want to watch 16 and Pregnant. 
@caituhhthedino Sometime next week? My mom's probably won't let me do anything sat or sunday 
finally going to read! My hands are throbbing so bad!  Night night tweets!!
Hey guess what comes via FedEx early tomorrow? My iPhone 3G S! Hey guess who's going on a road trip even earlier for 4 days? ME! 
@ash_wash I'm mega-peeved.  My  phone is going wacko! It works randomly, and then stops. Gahhh. But I learned Turn Right on guitar DD
@Jemfyr Oh my goodness!! My little green flower tonight! I tried to turn green but my wings just won't soak it up for some reason. 
Okay, finally got my &quot;My Little Django&quot; looking almost how I wanted him/her/it looking. PNG overlay got a li'l fudged.  http://is.gd/15Shw
@BrokePimpStyles Yeah  And now I might have 2 battle w/Best Buy over no op sys on my &quot;repaired&quot; PC. My oh my... LOL
Who told me to buy mini flan from the fridge section at Target for $1.37? My tummy hurts now 
Ah. My birthday is almost over. Boo.  FINALLY 16  Yay!
I may to go to bed soon. My stress level just hit a high note! I think I saw a rodent in my beautiful &amp; ultra clean apartment! How? Why? 
Does anyone remember Zotz candy? My family doesn't. Makes me feel old.  http://www.oldtimecandy.com/zotz.htm
@BlackSymbiote I know!!! Damn  My phone needs to be plugged in to work now tho. So I need to change NOW. I feel like all plans went up tho
@diamondkim guh I ca barely understand that. My Japanese sucks. 
Ya man MC Shan is in the building... His new song goes &quot;My swagger make my chain swang&quot; 
@SandyHopkins too short  but good....how was yours love?
My XBOX is broken. Won't get an IP addy from the router. My neighbor's tree got hit by lightning the other night. Coincidence? 
Can't sleep again. Wishing I was in san antonio. My friends need me. 
@Kimberlyrunner what I miss most about my previous iPhone 2G was how well it was made. Sturdy, reliable, and felt right. My 3G is plastic 
@v_rey My friend TRIED to take a picture of us, but it didn't turn out 
Stoppin in riverside for the night. My ass hurts so bad from walking up and down hills in san fran today...and then drivin all day. 
Erm, this is an odd tweet... any of u have a homemade bug spray recipe? My indoor chilli plant has a tiny bug infestation. 
@ChelzzRawr Okayy. My toe's injured. Idk if i can playy. 
@caffeinebomb I just wish I didn't need Windows around to play games  My conversion would otherwise be complete.
Ughh. My twitter app won't let me upload anymore.  guess that's a sign to really go to bed. Night guys!
Omg. I didn't know it was supposed to storm. My window was wide open. Water all over my floor and bed. Crap. 
@Amandatanney Way to go you!! My god! I'm soooo jelly!! 
Amaya has the hipcups again! My poor baby, she's moving like crazy don't think she likes having them 
is soo tired from a LONG day...  My feet hurt too!!!     Nighty Nighty for ME!!!
Upset : Just weighed myself and I stayed the same  I'm not going to hit my target at the rate i'm going   My weight http://url4.eu/Tw7
Time for me to go to sleep- My sleep schedule is ALL messed up so I'm going to be tired all day tomorrow 
Oh. My. God. My back is killing me. I can barely move 
in mac again, Kana buying food. My hair is messy! All full of sweat!  - http://tweet.sg
@Christyxcore I got my Pre &amp; a My-Fi Data card today! Not activated yet, LNP issues. 7:30AM tomorrow 
@FCTS Whose flower? 
@vnoutsourcing @bm_ Oh yes it does, I guess :-s My safari is doing fine but firefox suddenly turned dumb  Who to blame??
FCUK! My bad  Also read the freaking date wrong. It's only next week  Sorry for spamming you, peeps! http://twitpic.com/7m8kt
Tomorrow is the 34th Ruby Kansai Meeting in Kyoto. My slides are still not ready...  http://ff.im/4anCX
Off to the hospital!! My godfather was admited to it a few days ago and he will be there at least for a month. Sad 
My beautiful car has been sold.  My new one shall be a Murcielago! http://bit.ly/14X46s
Fixin' soup for yo'self while you're sick jst isn't the same as some1 getn it for u. My head is throbbin w/congestion. Make it go away! 
@JasonBradbury I've gotta ask, how did you manage to get the new 3GS. My local O2 shop wouldn't let me upgrade 
@OldmonkMGM True. I shouldn't have got my hopes high!  My mistake!
@StumpItUp  My Parents can't take me oh no I can't bus either my mum doesn't trust me to go on a bus by myself oh well nevermind
Packed 46 of discs one by one . My palm hurts  - http://tweet.sg
@domness &amp; @aweekes y'all are heartless!! Twitterena 2.4 on a 3gS... My dream!! Not happening for me til Nov.26!  only $199 4 me though!
Break time, not needed until 2pm! My legs hurt 
@FionaK My family has gone through the flu - tried to avoid getting it, but its hit really bad. Don't think I could get Tamiflu 
3:30 am, this has been a really bad couple of days. I got a 700 Volt shock from an amplifier today, it really hurt! My heart is broken 
Hurt My Bak &amp; In Bed 
Last night. After 3 years and many miles. My kurama tengu keychain took his freedom. Like a thief in the night. 
@saritaonline talaga where was i? when how what who where?My God!!im like resident evil2..world has turned into zombie and i had no idea. 
@jasminlovesyou sure! we can be friends... what's stupid? Friendster? B'cuz of HCG! My app won't work... 
Fudge!!!!!!!! Fp2 was a stupid paper!!!! My nose bled half way through the paper  that sucks.
just gettin in from work as usual &amp; gotta be back at 6! My phone is mesed up...anyone know who's selling an Alltel phone? 
http://twitpic.com/7skhx - My N. Tampa AT&amp;T line - Last year I camped 2nd in line for my 3G. No upgrade for me 
I saw the day, all the night and the day again... My eyes are telling me &quot;sleeeeep&quot; but my brain said &quot;NOT YET&quot; to them... 
Bugger. My freelance job looks like it may be ending, work has dried up. Not news you want to hear on first day of vacation. 
Worked at a fashion show at Pentridge Prison today...creepy...was for such a good cause though. My heart goes out to the Balfour family 
@GarethOShea No it wasn't aimed at u, only learning myself Gar! Stood up eh, joys! My poor tiles 2 after u called, they're upset 
sitting in the Minot airport! My plane doesnt leave for three hours 
@fake_vyvyan I can't look it up at the moment. My HOD is hovering... 
@stylesteel Hi, My Daughter wanted to be one of those people riding a bike around the Bonaroo show!`  Of Course she couldn't go 
4:22 am My neice is in labor, My neice is in labor, My.... 7:54 am Nevermind. False alarm 
never be sad for what is over, just be glad that it was once yours. 
@AlexanderNixon always friendly ;-) Late answer but no more computer   My mac died... Trying to fix it
@NaisHaniEyedGel and savannah probably hates me now because I had to snitch on her. My life is just plain OVER. 
@rubyphoenix Hey! Answer the temptations reply! My curiousity is killing me now 
@SquidyUK  My job is easy and boring. Personal use of the internet keeps me awake between 8.30am and 5.30pm
@chrismb Ah, I'm so jealous! @iGuido85 I'm in the same boat as you. My contract doesn't end until Feb. so I might just skip this model 
@lawschoolninja booo   My mom's is also enroute to Useless town and she ordered hers before I ordered mine, so weird.
T-minus 45 min until we have to vacate the premises. My whiteboard stickers are gonna be casualties.  Anyone have extra RB2 stickers?
http://twitpic.com/7swc5 - My last day ever with Scooby. 
Woke up Late  My hair isnt going to dry in time. Last Day, Thank god.
Up with my little girls..just gave jes her medicine. She STILL isnt feeling any better. My poor baby. 
@WayMoreHomemade Yes it does  Not liking that part. My OB said after 37 wks &amp; the hospital said after 38 wks. I'm hoping for my due date.
Storms, Storms and more Storms!! My grass will be 4 ft tall before I get a chance to mow it! UGH! 
@AmberHarmon My need for the latest &amp; greatest gadget is now jealous of you &amp; your 3GS. I have to wait until 9/1/2010 for an upgrade.  
@HeyChinaski My Japanese ain't quite good enough yet 
Holy smokes! My Wii Fit age is 54! 
Just finished a service call at a house infested with roaches! They were EVERYWHERE! People are just fucking nasty! My skin is crawling. 
@katiemw I've been to Tibet as well, My fave place in the world. I was meant to be going back there in Aug but they have it on lock down 
@LatinNKlover Aww Sorry latin  they're detailing my cadi as we speak. I'm packed. My dogs&amp;house r bein watched. Its turnin out 2 b a
@MANGOMIGHTYWOO I can't come seeee yoouu today. My Mom is being bitchy because she has to work at 12 and shes making me to chores. 
@AlexaRPD My brother and I miss you over at Facebook.  
Well that was a real eye opener.  My oldest is a spoiled rotten brat 
Not feeling too great. Haven't eatem all day? My lip is still kinda hurty. 
When is this black cloud going to leave over Philly?? My tan is fading and I am getting soo sad 
Omg bunny where r u??? My day off is becoming pretty awful bunny text me back 
My Legs My legs...i cannot feel my legs! Lunges suck!!!  really people..
@a_fisher he tried to invite me to lunch and beer tomorrow. My response, &quot;And that's fun for me how?&quot;   Watching guys drink beer  no fun.
Argh... My head is reall hurting 
@bogusky Looking forward to the 17k Brammo campaign. My friend has one and calls it his 'electric crotch-rocket' 
Just got home!!! My car ran out of gas so I had to walk the rest of the way :/ Damn broken gas gage 
@peachdoll Reminds me of when I first installed WoW.  Problems.   My computer exploded.  Well, more like sparked, but still scary!
Someone just walked into my office and I barked &quot;Don't have time&quot;. My God, was I raised in a barn? 
OMG.... I am so about to dramatically pass the fuck out! My body is oh so weak 
@mileycyrus The Last Song you are in, My g-parents carnival is in it! i was going to be an extra, but it is too late now  i wish i could!!
They're called STOP signs for a reason you dumb bitch! My poor car 
@mTnsmith My last employer laid me off after I opened our production facility in Mexico 3 yrs ago, I use to be the 1 doing all the firing 
Elevation:400 ft. My ears hurt!!!! And its sooo hot  listenin to Scars - Papa Roach with erin
Arg. They only take high school graduates. My letter got a typo. 
@KyleSC I'm jealous. My bike is going to shop. Gunky carbs du to rusty tank, we think.  I luv my 84 Honda Magna.
@KellyShibari nope! Tis another cousin. The baby is soooo cute and healthy! My niece sent me a pic. I'm not sure if I can make it. 
Hmph. My hair removal stuff usually works.Today it just failed epically. Now I just look stupid &amp; now I have to wait 24hrs to try again 
@shinyobject No kidding! My friend is going to the Zoo concert to see the B-52's. 
Argh Crap. My Mac Power supply started smoking and burning. Luckily hasn't damaged the mac, but i've got 3 hours of life left 
Uhh blue screens of death suck! My computer is getting to that point where it might be kinder to take it out back and shoot it. 
Oh my lord. My power just went out. and its summer time in Arizona, 
@charlesnla I couldn't escape.    Glad you got to go.  My trips to the lot are getting farther between.
@Nicolesaid You haven't interneeeet? My god, I need to talk with yoou !  xd
@localjerk Hook up the link to this scholar of an iPhone case. My case is worn down already 
@blueyedgirl78 NO NO NO! I can only handle one teen! LOL My husband even acts like one most times!  My son isn't into girls  yet...I hope 
Here's me on CNBC [VIDEO] (part1 http://bit.ly/pm3Yq (part2  http://bit.ly/uYgDY   ) My favorite part of the interview was cut 
@LayDlineUP i DoNt THink So.My Mom WaNts Me to Go WiTh Her 2 P.A  
Britters was deadly!  My Hag couldnt go .
@AnaCristina78 I love those!! My sis makes one that tastes exactly like Skittles... she won't tell me what's in it 
@phatmomma Hey. I'm home. My grapes died 
@laurz_is_evil Yeah.. took a while though  My internet keeps having panic attacks when it has to do anything 
@)(*&amp;)!*%&amp;!)#&amp;*$)!@#&amp;)*&amp;#$% = My frustration at this work PC... The little reply arrows are missing.  No me gusta stupido PCs
@ThatGeigerGirl Yea... I realized that after the fact.  My tweetpic thing didn't work correctly!
@lepas Even after Googling, I still don't get it. My geek card has been revoked. 
@Smelleykins Haha, you make me feel really embarrassed! My mum told my college tutor that I was listen to Steps in my car once haha! 
Okay my twitterena is acting up! My mom left for the week! I'm Going to miss my other half!! That's who I'm co-dependent on! 
@PrincePippin Ugh the dreaded kennel. My mommy stopped putting me in there when I turned one and a half. I feel your pain 
I'm Being Tempted to Hide My sisters Boring FB updates But That would Just Be MEAN 
Gah, Web stuff frustrates me, I need to mesh my client site with my Studio site. My head is going to explode 
http://twitpic.com/7ukhp - My black cat is CRAZY!  She is always bothering me when I'm on the computer &amp; she's a licker   It drives me ...
Worse day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My Blazer broke down  ...
Today is going by so slow. My TweetDeck won't work  grrrrrr.
@ohai_makayla Who's makayla Williams? My best friend! It used to be a statement, now it's a question that only you can only answer&lt;3 
arrived safe, but soaked in Parkman.  Soaked, I said.  relentless rain.  My computer needed 4 tries to boot up. 
http://twitpic.com/7us8z - Last picture for today. My daughter concentrating hard. And yes, she is wearing my Twilight shirt! 
Stupid rain. My hair looked great until i left the house. 
Molly Makeout=No. Absolutly not. How could anyone think that was good music? Yucky. My ears turned inside out.  Not cool.
@gatita43 Um...to where my love? My phone is dead  I'm buying a new one tomorrow. &lt;3
@iluvcuppycakes I need to work on my technique though. My cupcakes kept falling off around the edge   Do you have a secret you can share?
@DevonZimny My DD never noticed TV in the background, so we didn't worry. DS is glued - so any TV is screen time.  #theonlinemom
Ow.  I need a twug.  My arm hurts. 
3. I randomly got a job today. Went in at 6, just back now. My feet are in pain. I don't like work much 
Technical Problems On GotSaga MM?? @PatriciaVance  My Saga have to wait .......
@SiKiv Well you have to take the bears out first, it's a pre-emptive strike. Also, sorry to hear about your ankle! My god that sucks 
Just finished visiting some old coworkers. My truck won't go in reverse. Call outlaw and she said she was gonna bring kids home anyway. 
Sick  My whole body hurts!
Hit my hand too hard on the table playing a card game. My thumb is purple... 
-en to Marias then to My house and we played guiter hero.. By then it was seven.  another summer day well spent.
OMG!! I've got a little bird! My cat want to ate it... : / Bad cat!! The bird has broken his leg... 
Just arrived home, I was on the #Church. My router is acting weird so I can't use my iPod Touch to tweet 
Can anyone help me contact NETGEAR? My router will not allow more than one additional computer to be added to my wireless network 
@maddyeKILLS  Woot Woot! I miss you  We need to hang out soon. My birthday was amazing thanks to all of you 3 
Duh!  My hard drive has just failed 
@HamptonStevens Yeah, sorry about column  Your sn revisions always make me think &quot;What will Vanna wear tonight?&quot; Now your avy will, too 
Feel like hell, dizzy, loopy, nauceous... My head is pounding, from the Meds. I'm going to bed soon.  I'm no fun tonight.
Fuck! My mom accidently smashed my middle finger with a huge rock, lol. I can't type or play any type of games right now. 
Tryin 2 cope wit this father's day . My first 1 without my daddy 
I miss my &quot;girls.&quot;  (my lovely bovine mamas) Darn if the isn't something beautiful about a pregnant Holstein. Their eyes get so soft.
Saw my first 3G S #iPhone tonight. I now have iPhone envy. My 1st Gen seems real slow and jerky since Pwning it this morning. Harumph! 
Dream come true. My texts don't workkkk. 
@Smoph Sorry smoph  My sympathy in spades.
tHe FeNsS is RuBbIsH. a hYoOge SkRuFfEe bLaKk KaTt JuSt JuMpT oVuR iT aNd KaYm iN aNd AyT My BiSkItTs. 
OMG-BBQed rib rack last night. Went to icebox 2 heat me up a plate &amp; GONE!My knucklehead boy ate ALL of them!?! Like a dozen f'in ribs?!? 
Going to Malaysia. My last tweet for awhile. 
Nooo!! My mp3 player just died! Guess i wont b here for as long as i thought 
There's a centipede in the house. Bugs freak me out. My mom told me I was acting like a girl. Just because my instinct was to scream? 
Where's My Baby Father OMG I miss me so him 
CONT - Piece of cake or sumthn! Our house dont got NUTHN sweet rite now!  Lol Ima try lookn thru our cabinets
@LadyDiamondblue Go ahead &amp;&amp; tell me. My feelings can't be hurt anymore than they already have been anyway. 
Is so sad! My favorite hangout in Athens is in ruins! Oh, the good times in the balcony with my friends and some brew 
@sultryminxzoe what time do you think I should get there Saturday night? Turns out, I'm coming alone  My bf &amp; friend bailed. Epic fail.
Uhhhh i hate throwin up. My tummy hurts 
I just wanna go home and get n my BED!!! My sheets r calling meeeee   I'm sooooo sleepy I'm thinking about really turning it in
Ugh. I didn't lock the front door or close the sliding door before i left. My house is spooky and empty now. Hooray for being home alone. 
@TiffanyLD  Aww  My sis saw the first episode and she liked it, funny cuz shes not into the whole &quot;vampire&quot; thing hahaha. Grownup twilght!
New iPhone is sweet. My family is against them. 
Damn! My car is f*cked up... 
good morning tweets! for someone good night/afternoon! a've got news! ( I think bad news). My grandmom'll come to Prague, today! 
@destinyjoyful mmm yum!  My dinner was nada. Still working through my stomach issues from China 
Just went to the store for soda. BAD mistake. Saw a sixty year old man with daisy dukes and everything. Total flaming fag. My eyes   
@Crafty_mama You're so lucky! My hubby have never done the dishes, manually or using the dishwasher. Not once. 
@YoungKingz12 Yesssuh! My overall GPA is 3.61 
Ow! My armpits hurt.  razorburn or something. But Pedro is being a bit obnoxious...I wish he would just leave.
@ranalynn true... But I can't wait.  lmao. My bday is coming soon and I wanted to treat myself! Ugh. I might just wait then. Or not lol
What the shit!! My nail polish is already starting to look jacked up. Well, only if you look real close. But still 
@LoveAllCureAll ME too I was so waiting for Sexify My Love 
Ah, oh. My Firefox crashed while I'm writing an email 
@brittianyerin I agree. My WHOLE family has one except my dad. I can't even swear, 
WEIRD. My photoshop was just working and now it's not. 
i need to get up in 6 hours to take Captain to my sisters.  I am doing laundy.  My outfit for the day is next in line to be washed 
I wish I had a place to park up my Lexus. I don't want to leave it just in front of my house. My poor baby. I'm going to miss my car!!!! 
Ohh Fudge! My hair is so short already  Waahaa I feel like I look old :| (
@sanasaleem oops! Thought I saw someone wishing u on ur page! My bad 
I wish I could get the whole DVD set of How I Met Your Mother. I'm still in season 2 and cannot wait for each episode to download. 
 sorry couldn't party with my Freelon Fam 2nite. My lil boss is home. So I prioritized. Ahh, the joys of parenting.  See you guys soon.
@MarandaWilliams awww no. My camera was in my bag behind her stank ass. Sorry. I only have pics from kittys 
Well,My father went swimming with my cousin.I wanted to go,but I had to go to my cram school 
Good morning. My throat hurts. 
@skooo Oooooh, shiny. My home internet is so slow! It's like being on your steam powered interwebs! 
@nicolle77 ha ha no, they are not big at all. My belly is where all my weight gain is. Hate it! I need to lose some. I hate you mr.food 
@jakeychan I'm bored too. My official jake in fs is not answering my comments.  Pssh.
my blog that is  all in english : http://dellabella.kazeo.com/  My blog in French  quite the same ) :http://sweetdel.kazeo.com/
...on date. Boy doesn want a gf, girl wonders if she should say anythin or admire from afar. My love life is like a crappy teen movie 
Curry good. Cider bad. My head hurts 
I'm sick  I've got a cold and it ain't so fun. My nose keep dripping   Make me feel better you guys (AA) Love you all &lt;3;*
@Kainz_UK The 3gs on 18month contract! My n95 slider is mucked up after i dropped it last week 
I look like Cinderella's ugly step sister...My eye became swollen 
Lawd. My friend had panic attack on plane and had to be removed  Talking him through his post-attack.
Mad I aint fall back asleep.. Smh up talkin 2 my sis @ChiChiGlacierz.. My nephew is there and I'm mad about it lol.. Missmy gizmo 
Anyone know how to pull TweetDeck down to the bottom? My one doesn't show up there and it's annoying to keep it up all the time 
Baby N was in special care for 2 days for dehydration   My cousin says he's ok now bc, in her words, she has &quot;tit milk&quot; LMAO
got to work an hour ago. My co worker got bitten by a dog. In the face. Ouchies. I ate Einsteins for breakfast instead of my groceries 
@cescadr DAMN. My parents wont let me 
Lost my website in a hosting change. My web developer is on vacation till Tues 
I seriously need to stop going out so much. My body's tired! Don't wanna work today.  Hiccups!
@ChristianLous I became mad busy as usual  captivated by the Dream vs Mystics ha.. My first wmba game, wut it do!
Crud. My iPhone iDied again. 
I'm so nervous for all of the brave protesters in Tehran right now. My heart is so there.  #IranElection
He was really ill today! Non of the neighbours got letters.  The hair is back to its natural colour.My boyfriend did not see a diffrence 
Am cold and grumpy! My nailclippers are missing, my pc won't print and i don't have a mountain of chocolate 
awesome time in Birmz last night, Gatecrasher is a bit of a maze lol! My feet are killing from walking home off the 900 though, ouuuch! 
Sunny and warm this morning followed by wet and yucky later... My poor lawn  too wet to mow and no real chance to dry out.
Crap. My mom just had her wallet pick-pocketed from her purse. 
To bed at 2, awake at 7  My head hurts from sleep deprivation. Well to me it is sleep deprivation &lt;sticks tongue out&gt;
On the Glacier Express, just said good-bye to my sister. My dad is always the first to start crying and now we're all sad. 
In Hammond for the day.. My bug bites hurt!! 
shares http://tinyurl.com/n7wueg My new enemy. Don't be deceived by the teddy bear.  http://plurk.com/p/12h2nz
Good morning. I should still be sleeping in, but I feel like crap and can't get back to sleep...My throat is killing me 
@lady_midnite Oh jeez! Your own mom forgot your birthday?  Only my dad pulls shitfuckery like that. And infrequently at that.
Don't feel so good.. My tummy hurts, comes &amp; goes, migraines, panas dalem hiks.. Not so sexy weekend 
Have the absolute hump! My huge 2 bed flat is being converted into a 3 bed  Thanks a lot! #wankers
@thefakemandyv I'm grounded! My mother saw me jerkin' off in her favorite Persian rug. 
Woke up with a headache... My head feels heavy,  what the heck is it... I think I slept TOO much. I'm going back to bed, fukk itttt
Wah! I missed my hair appointment! My hair looks terrible. 
@piggysmalls I gotta get in touch with famo. My brother is driving from Jerz there next week to get them &amp; I wanna go, but IDK. 
Looking at clouds outside my window.   Just bought tickets online for movie tonight--Coppola's &quot;TETRO&quot;.  My review later...
Goodbye! My family is gone!  Jajaja my little sister was today called waki! =D
I am sick of rain! My Graduation Party is today and its raining. . .Boo 
is meant to be going out but is poor  Dilemma! My party ethos says I must, my comfort zone says no? xoxo
Getting ready for the day.  Bored enough with the same ol routine. What to do? My summers used to center on beach  I miss it.
At work. Yay. My throat still feels weird. Ugh. I don't want to get sick. 
Just got fucking ROBBED!!!  They stole my clothes!  My fucking clothes!  INCLUDING: Armani and Varvatos...my favorite pants.....weep weep 
Damn! My pirate costume dosnt have any pockets!  Ah well, no drunken tweets this time.
Argh. My new Moto Razr v3xx_j's camera can't focus on anything work a crap. Old v3 did better macro photos than my full camera. 
@lizzydear me too! My poor blk Lincoln is telling me to stop the abuse 
Showerr then grocery shopping. @thisissuperk Still jealous you're playing Majora's Mask  My brother has mine...I want it back now.
@TheManaPool Tell me about it.  My friend and I were going to try to get some 2HG game with fame action.  But they're full.    Oh well.
@dmwrights I love those days! My hair gets real big and I feel the heat in my bones...sigh. The heat never makes it to my bones in OR. 
This is probably one of the reasons why I don't log into FB. My college mate is asking me when is coll reopening 
@AngelNatalia I have a perfectly good explanation. Promise. My aplogies tho. 
Aaaah! My iPod touch completely screwed up!!!!!!!!! It's off to the Mapple store to get it fixed... 
On my way home! My Grandad doesn't look like he used too! He looks really frail!  but he was still cracking jokes so it's not all bad!
@ Work. Definitely lost my voice  My sexy voice is baaaack!
@ddlovato Noooo! My friends and I wanted to do a hardcore version of one of your songs! But it'll be in garage band and amature 
@thatlass Oh...you poor baby!  My heart goes out to you... 
@1045CHUMFM Ok...its past 3.  My phone didn't ring.  Who's the lucky blockhead?!
I need a digital camera suggestion. My Canon sd600 died. 
Manual laundry time. EXHAUSTING! (And a sister who doesn't care) Washing machine? Later. -_-lll My hands are hurting 
@ClevelandChick My Ukrainian Baba and her friends were pierogi-making machines for the bars + churches. Now she's too old, friends gone. 
Christ! My balls hang to my knees its hot in this bitch! I miss my villa 
Well that answers that question.  My poor man has had such a bad week. 
Good...afternoon? Why didn't I wake up today?! My mind playing tricks on me 
@nayes1982 Here I am!!!... *realisation dawns*.. No wait... Sorry... Already taken... My bad  *grumbles to self and wanders off*
@CHactingNYC Haha I have always preferred dogs, but my mum doesn't like them   My fave is German Shepards 
It's so ridiculously hot.  My sunburn is definitely getting worse. Sigh.
My 2 female green terrors (fish) just laid a few hundred eggs! My male green terror got the job DONE...before he died 
So much for that.... Horrible run. My legs and joints feel like brittle pieces of wood that are on the verge of splintering. Pain... 
Uhhh uhhh fathers day gift?!! My dad is picky 
Recital ova!  My little darling too cute!  Saw my friend's new little baby girl..adorable, visited my dad for father's day.  miss him  
@Aussie_MateLC My sources say no 
I am do bummed out... My Internet on my laptop is not working. Idk what I am going to do! 
How Does It Liqhter ? Uqh Rain ... Its Not My Day 
Bummer. My favorite pen just ran out of ink 
@BeckyC3 My parents aer shouting at me to go to bed.  I will speak to you 2moro. I'm home all day. Make sure you look at the link i sent
Wow... My mom is being a bitch right now. Fuck me. 
Blog won't be updated for a little while. My compy crashed 
My 2 female fish just had BABIES!! Cheaaa..Well...eggs technically. My male fish got it popping!! Too bad he died just before fathers day 
I lost my wallet yesterday in Westwood. My booty feels empty. 
Sorry guys. My master has been keeping me off the computer lately.  When I kill him for his insurance money I can buy my own.
@yourfirsttry Awesome! My purple is already fading  but im gonna touch it up soon hannah{&lt;3}
Where oh Where is My Sunshine?? 
@TheDisneyBlog My family is starting to really love DHS and we are always sad when we see that   http://twitpic.com/7xys9
Ok so I'm alone again tonight. I really wish I still had you close! My dream, my life, my love...all gone! 
Lady Gaga TTR is sooo much fun. My thumbs Hurt now 
@Theys_Furtado My sources say no 
Dileme over.... kinda. My sister just told me her friend won 2.5 million on wednesdays lottery. Shame they aren't BFF's.  Jealous tho.
Ewww. I wish I fackin' drove.  My mama is sucha bitch!
Well, I feel a little bit better today, but not great! My pc broke down last night! I put it in the shop today, so I have wait until mon! 
Watching Real Housewives of NJ. Ugh. My brain cells are dying. I think I'll crochet a slouchy hat to keep my sanity. Home alone tonight. 
@ask_tuaw My 3G S displays a &quot;Cannot Charge&quot; warning charge when plugged in my Scion but my Original iPhone charged and played music fine 
What the freak. My parents are going back to mpk tonight! And Theyre not taking me with them 
@Seaicilin Looks like @kenny_wallace started tweeting a week after the fan club dinner So slack! My Fan Club membership should be revoked 
@farisss again?! I tried to make it but it wasn't like yours 
@PatriciaKaulitz I'd be your new hostee but i got no money at the moment  My current host has WAY too much downtime x
Aw, a race car driver just died. My dads working a race. Picked up the phone and he was crying. RIP 
Home! My brother is being the lamest guy ever and not letting me on the computer of his laptop! My iPods gonna die soon! 
just got news that my cousins wont be making the trip to Phoenix  My oldest cousin got sick &amp; shes at home recovering
Nooooo!! My favorite shirt, white with dark blue stripes, now have pink spots after being washed! I could cry  My life will now suck...
@unegami @amyhahm My laptop refused to start up so I took it to the Apple store &amp; apparently my hard drive just decided to stop working. 
@MuchMusic  Hey, what time does it start at? My mom wants to take me but we dont know the time 
@tashrenay That touched my heart. Thx.My friend @KeithDriscoll helped me. Spread the word. Let's hope 1 day peace prevails. So sad today 
Getting 1263 kbps down / 354 kbps up / 362 ms ping with 3G. My WiFi at home is 304/315/303. 
I Lost My Phone Last Night At My Aunt's.  It Could Be Anywhere!  My Bby!  
Ahhh!!! My tummy hurts! All these food in my tum tum!!  Daddy can u rub my belly pls *pout*
I'm going home. Tear  My house is so home-like. Huuuhh(that was a big sigh)
Getting ready for bed. 6 people in our house tonight. OMG I'm nervous for camp. And life is sucking/confusing, yuck. My brain hurts kinda 
Argh! My phone is a jerk 
@SicknastyKaryn come pick me up n take me to Wichita falls lol. My bro is really sick apparently 
@Java4Two Oh wow I am sorry to hear that   My prayers are with you ...
Fuck. My cup is empty.  No more frosty.
@perfectragedy haha. My social studies(History) teacher is like 24, very hard to fool 
@erniehalter As Napoleon Dynamite would say &quot;luuuuuucky!!&quot; My office has four walls and no windows. 
@DalkullanJewel My father passed away during my senior year in College 
So much for my career, my life and my dreams. My whole life will be completely different as of NOW!!!!   
@grenamier No.  My mom is superstitious, so I have I wait until they get home. Did you get to see the baby?
Fk! My gauges are gonna close. I lost them  
@KepisMubx It was a good match...I wanted Guida to win tho  My hubby got me hooked on it...lol
Would have been happy to see Transformers, but IT'S NOT OUT YET! June 24 for us.  My giant transforming robot joy will have to wait.
Oww I think I am gonna sit regular now. My head is starting hurt...   
Can't sleep! My arm, hand, &amp; back r killin me! Grrrr 
Went to Starbucks yesterday and was disappointed to discover that my favorite barista has a tattoo on her leg. My crush is over 
OMG came home to a house smelling of GAS! My 2 year old must have left the stove on before we left for 4 1/2 hours! My 2 cats came 2 mind 
OMG came home to a house smelling of GAS! My 2 year old must have left the stove on before we left for 4 1/2 hours! My 2 cats came 2 mind 
I NEEEEEED to lay down, ASAP! My stomach feels like tagvhjdsgsafgvhbkdldh 
Watchin &quot;americas sweethearts&quot; My stomach is twisting into knots.... 
Fathers day!!! My daddys in north Carolina  but I love and miss him!!
Yessssss!!! My Auntie DeAndre Just Walked In With &quot;Drugs&quot;... Cmon Lines! Its My Life. Missing My Bestie Tutts   
Damn...updating iPhone 3.0 update is so slow... My laptop is dying 
@HelloRina  Sorry, it'll get better. My garage is flooded and I have millipedes fighting for my attention...
Huft, shit huwa . . My money are lost... Shit, shit, and shit. .  ! ! ! !
I just typed 103 peoples' contact info into my Address Book. My fingers hurt.  
@MonyMon My step dad decided to Bury my pool. It was Beautiful. but now its full of trash and dirt. Grass is actually starting to grow?? 
@Dminorseventh Oh goodness!  I'm so sorry.    My condolences to you, honey.  ((hugs))
@Its_roXXX I feels ya. Im on this XBOX 360 puttin boxers up in the hospital! LOL! I missed My Tweetheart @Its_roXXX today. 
Filipino food, mangoes, ice cream cake, texas hold 'em. My stomach hurts. 
@RACHEL_BIRDSALL My phone took a ride on Indiana Jones today. But they had found it later. Sorry it didn't work that way for you 
Dude no! My parents will never let me sleep over pftt 
@itz_cookie My day was okay. Hung with my bruzzo @STtheGreat and had a cookout. I wish My Tweetnesses @Its_roXXX &amp; @Itz_cookie was there. 
http://tinyurl.com/nay9kr (This Is How My Brain Works)  http://plurk.com/p/12lxxt
Awakened by a berry mass convo with 123456 random people complaining!!!! My precious sleep  noooo
Finally home, apparently the upstairs AC unit died while I was gone. My bedroom was 101 degrees at midnight. Got it down to 98 
ok im bac. My Car is tripping on me  I can't loose my baby
Akagi ep2: My head hurts. I don't get all this Mahjong shit. 
Fuck. My. Brain. I'm getting an extra five minutes on my break because I had a very visible panic attack on the gaming floor. 
 I Shouldn't Have Came! Its Not The Same Without My Best Friend @TootsiiePop ...  I'm 4Real Y'all, I Miss My Sista.! I'm Bouta Cry 
@shamhardy Yup, bought them while visiting Florida back in 1998. My son basically thrashed all those original DVDs! So sad. 
@ J.CO now...huh! My download file isn't loading fastly.. 
is in mourning.  My Cell phone went for an unplanned swim tonight!  Ahhh!!  I now have it buried in uncooked rice.  I hear that helps.  
@Rockjaw:How are you playing the old stuff? My vista laptop doesn't wanna play anything from DOS days.Tried to run dark forces and no joy 
Our time in Miami is almost over   Din @ Prime One 12 tonight...so GOOD. My friends are the BEST. We just get each other, u know?
@almightykey I don't know that place (can't read Chinese &gt;&lt;&quot;) but that's so slack. D:  My friends call me CNN coz it's my initials. 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck! My iPhone has gone mute. Handling the G1 has cost me dearly. My iPhone committed suicide 
RIP Neda The world cries with you. Your death shall not be in vain. 
My friends make me soo happy!! &amp;&amp; My Slater too!! He's tkin steps!!! Soon he will be too heavy for the helicopter  then what do i do? :/
Just got to the hotel room after being out. My feet hurt  but had Hella fun :-D
http://twitpic.com/7zue7 - My MAC fluidline is running out   any advice on other creamy liner??
Bought teethers for my children to chew on. My son took it right away but my daughter doesn't seem to like the texture 
Woke up from a nap and wondering y the hell am i still so tired. My Love still need to work lor.  dunno how to tahan if its me 
Not going so well! My foot hurts and @scottmoyers forgot his YPR so had to buy more tickets 
Okay, it's official! My laptop can no longer connect to the internet using a browser. This will delay the work i had to do this weekend. 
@ThelifeofCat huh? Like when!? My phone doesn't say anything :s I promise! It's kinda broken anyway 
It skipped my mind that today IS father's day! Oh gosh. My poor dad. He had to remind me to wish him.  I'm feeling guilty.
@five2cute I'm trying  ... My eyes keep closing on me... Happy fathers day 2 @eightyocho
Watching Dead Presidents w/ everyone else finish gettin' ready. My breakfast = cold pizza My fam's= Peruvian Breakfast  ughhh
Chillin on my lunch break. My desk looks empty without my MacBook 
@Theys_Furtado My sources say no 
Twice my starter has blown out the top of the flask. My precious yeast 
@MCTroy not yet   he he he he he xx hows yours?
I'm limping from Suntec to the mrt at city hall. My right foot hurts like hell. 
I apologize 2 my sons today. 2 regrets-U missed time w/my dad to know what a REAL dad is. My poor choice left U with selfish pig 4 'dad' 
Happy fathers day! My dad aint home yet  He's gone to work
Smh @ me for going to bed after 4am and being up now. My eyes r burning 
So depressed! My computer died a horrible death just before raid tonight &amp; I missed our guild first Yogg-Saron kill 
@brightgreenbbz Oh i'm glad you've started. My essay is 1660 words - i rambled. :L And i'm well jealous of your waffles btw 
Bummer. My fave hooded sweatshirt made its way to the dryer and shrank. Sleeves are 3&quot; too short. 
I feel rough as! Quiz night was explosive! Literally! My head is now explosive too  Fizzy wine is the work of the devil!
http://twitpic.com/8068s - My Pops. Hurts so much. 
@PotterEntourage  I need a guy that has platinum blond hair. My friend's son has platinum blond hair and blue eyes! He's a mini Draco!
http://twitpic.com/806aj - @_Plum_ -- Embarressing In My Part 
Happy fathers day!!!!! My uncle just died this morning  R.I.P
@ThatAprilGirl Exactly! Pano pa next week? Next next week? My Goid. Walang tulugan na talaga 'to! 
just woke up, wasnt a special night at all. Wise lesson for next saturday eve's. My internet aint working 
Spent the weekend with parents. My dad is going back in the hospital on the 29th. 
lmao your kids sound sooo Cute !! My sister never said anything that funny !!  lol @Peterfacinelli
can anyone supply me with a direct link to the #tweetdeck .AIR file.. My #flash wont upgrade and the download link doesnt work 
Think I'm getting sick! My throat is burning 
@DrE_McFLY I feel you! Def do!! My sister wedding next friday, its supposed to rain 
@zameerella I just want to sleep. My cough got worse today. Idk how it's gonna be tomorrow 
 I seem to have found a bug in HotSpot. My GLL combinators test suite stack overflows under &gt;=1.6.0_10, but not on other versions.
@6stitch re: the cat/kitten thing. LOL True. My husband won't object to kittens/cats, he has one already. He's not a doggie person 
@Spawn1963 I hate fathers day. My dad is a dead beat 
@MizzB83 Yep! My last day 
Gr. My sister's thinking of selling the Wii. 
Why is Find My iPhone not available with '15 minutes fetch', but only with PUSH (drains battery!)?    #iphone #iphoneos30
@queen_sunshine I miss u 2, dear!  My father is in NYC for the weekend, so I'm kinda stuch up with him. Sorry dear! 
What am I going to do? My ipod is DYING!  ..Nowhere near a charger
@mightymegs2000 must be nice to get along w/your in laws! My SIL is bitter and nasty to me  I'll trade you!!!
Have been invited to another house party tonight &amp; cant decide wether or not to go. My throat is still hurting real bad 
@KimKardashian Yes, you are correct!!  My Dad us not here too.  
@blasha no  , so i can buy yours
@Oprah I really enjoy you. I too have a messy home but 2 scared.  My kids (7&amp;9) thinks that a clean path is a clean room.    Pray for me.
Funny... My eyes are open and I'm standing up but for some reason I'm not awake 
My house is so quiet now. My family from Hawaii just left. I'll miss the lil kiddies 
Happy father's day!  My daddy is in Michigan 
Starbucks for a triple Americano w/wife then back home to my two newly adopted furry sons. My little Cluie (12 yo) is feeling left out 
@dgou Nope, I meant &quot;out of town for other reasons and thus unable to attend.&quot;  My english skills are lacking today!
Soooooo bored.... My aunt has to work tonight so I can't go over there today  But my dad and me are gonna do the JrNYLC application 2day
Tweeting from my iPhone! My mummy feels Ill 
O wow...more rain...what a surprise...not like it hasn't rained EVERYDAY in Knoxville - geez! My poor basement 
Flight of the Conchords! My tv broke  #squarespace
@HeyACupcake 50 BUCKS! Oh. My. Soul... that is beyond outrageous! 
@JewelryL8dy I heard it was really good! My boyfriend went without me  but he said he wants to take me and see it! Let me know!
@SteveHealy Lol, we cant have my beer fee going down! This will be the 3rd coat, &amp; it's expensive paint - Crown! My arms r hurtin today 
So it appears as if my days of an easy summer with a lighter work load are OVER!!!  My summer work load is something SERIOUS!!
@gina_Is_My_Name LoL ^^ sims 3 is cool, hm? But i don't have it too 
In the WORST mood ever - My room is making me sneeze and cough and i'm feeling very fat  Need to find something to cheer me up...
@gina_Is_My_Name hmm...of course, but i'm not sure if i can buy it 
@DavidArchie Just wanted to say have fun tonight! My friends are going to see you later on in concert, but unfortunately I cant. 
Offer a chiropractor... My tailbone somehow managed to slip to the right side.  i'm just falling apart over here.  haha.
@thepioneerwoman ugh...at last a quiz I can accomplish...and I am 6 HRS LATE! I even read your tweet last ngt. My house needed cleaning. 
http://twitpic.com/84t6r - My MacBook is falling apart. 
@xkylet Oh buggar  My fave coffee shop is boston tea party on park street. I always come out with the shakes though!
Got 2 fillings today. They had to give me 5 shots so i was numb.  My face is numb now
@EchoGideon Hiya Echo .. haven't seen you much the last few days!  My laptop had a meltdown so I'm not online as much right now.  
ahhhhhhhhh I'm so jealous for watching Mnet Scandal... HOngki oppa....  My heart is breaking~~~ (
I'm so exhausted this heat really does it to you. My car was an Oven 
Fucking god fucking damn mother fucking piece of shit. My computer just randomly turned off, can't find a reason for why. Lost work 
OWIE! My stupid lower retainer hurts like heck.  I can only take it out when I'm eating though. *sigh* I'm gonna get some Hot Cheetos.
Haha! My battery is low  I think I've been Twittering for too long 
Well that's depressing. My grandpa is going to die in a week.  That will be both of them gone.
Thank you to everyone who sent tweets of support. My mom, roomie &amp; the 2 friends I was wondering about are all okay. News on TV is bad. 
@lbandy14 Ack. Get better soon! I hate feeling sick. My chest hurts because I tried to do a front flip on a trampoline... need an x-ray. 
frOm tOday...I wOn't eaT afteR 6pm! gotta keep fit! and no MoRE yOgurt ~  ... Ummm! thats just a joke cos Yogurt is My 3rd half* 
OMG...the metro crash is absolutely horrific  My thoughts and prayers are with everyone who is involved.
Why didn't I turn on the ac this am? My apt current temp is set to drag me to hell. Hot! 
Plant:   My soil is dry, its only 18% wet!  I can't be watered for 9261 sec.  (
Ahh i just realized i got sun burned from yesterday! My arms &amp; chest BURN! Where's my aloe? 
Tonight: 40 mph in the dark, on my bike, behind the gates of PV.  My parents might not let  me though. 
No more sunny days or green Summers.  My Nikon will be so lonely  http://is.gd/19Eh9  RIP Kodachrome film
@blue_puyo Been there tried that. My laptop runs vista 
Near death weekend. My mom apparently almost choked on a Brat (Heimliched), Bro-in-Laws G.F. almost drowned. My Boss's dad...not so lucky 
That is extremely tragic @Cleveland_Diva . My prayers go out to that whole family 
@joliOwave find me a niqqa like yours 
@SprtsGrl04 @BrandiLin1202 @di181 Not much girls, just bored here,LOL  My computer is running super duper SLOW!!!  Sorry for delays 
is praising the Lord...her brother almost got on the train that collided  My prayers go out to all the family's affected...
Omg! :| My cat got out  Didnt think i would get him back.. Not feeling good! 
@TBMassacre Gah! Poor Chibi! My dentist is pure evil! He's never there and the assistants always stab my gums with their hook things 
No $$$ was made today.   Got yelled at by a grown man's mom!  My ex has a sugarmomma.  What else can go wrong?
Watching One Tree Hill! My poor kitten has to get surgery 
22th of June 09 - My badluck day. Everything that could go wrong today, actually went wrong! Im supersad 
Ready for bed early...My neck hurts so bad.. 
Dear internet: please come back. My thumbs hurt on the berry 
@RipthaDanceflo hell...take me in yours!!! You're the one leaving extremely soon! 
@nikitaturino Didn't get to see it! It was sold out! Figures.  My dad is just being difficult and putting unreasonable expectations on me.
@siempredescalzo You = My Hero of the day  sorry about the you-know-what bots  (send me H/D? I &lt;3 parseltongue fics)
Brian's beloved MINI Cooper was in a wreck in Athens this morning.  My recent streak of bad luck continues....
It's WTF cold today! My cheeks feel frozen  grabbing tostado and OJ
More jury duty. My goal for the week: not using the courthouse elevators. The point is to exercise. Real result -- always out of breath. 
Gona b a longg day. My back hurts n I'm at work. Get off at 1 then back to work in the garage.  u gona come down to help? @cuhdizzle
Caught a rat the size of a small rabbit. My suggestion of setting it on fire was vetoed by family in favour of burying it alive. 
@MusiqSoulchild How about ISHKABIBBLES(Gremlin:My favorite), I moved to Miami 1 1/2 ago, i miss my northern roots! 
Anybody have a car for sale? My old Taurus is about to croak 
Grr. My phone's broken. So i can't make or take calls and texts until I get it fixed. I'm on my mom's phone now. Perfect timing. 
@raulsail Nahi yaar. My source is quite active on twitter and is looking over my shoulder ;-)...my keyboard is tied 
I hate hayfever  My eyes! Zey are buuuuuuurning!!
I Miss My Phone Sooooooooooo Badly 
Awesome! My Wordpress blog was hacked - fun evening ahead! 
Really needs to start tanning the RIGHT arm ONLY from now on!!! Ugh! My left arm is SO dark from driving 
Just finished a bag of Fritos. My head hurts 
Oopsy.  The person whose photos I tagged doesn't want people to tag her photos. D:  My bad! 
@oliviamunn Congrats on your Playboy issue, hope it's very successful! My girlfriend doesn't want me to buy it... 
@learningtower @justdoingmybest @pinky415 @MaryeAudet @April1p @scoringdeals  Ok, thanks. My grocery bills is suffering! 
Finally summer is here...90 degrees and sunny-where am I? Inside. My laptop battery is dying *sob* so I have to plug in 
@annette414 Aw.  My condolences to your Mommy.
Este tratamiento me pone un poco de mal humor! My hormones are doing their thing! I Hate it so bad! 
Oh Noooo!!! My face become more pale since i suffer from this illness 
is playing guitar hero on DS! My wrist wrecks though 
Has a bad feeling about tonight. Her MOTHER probably coming for a visit.. Shit.. 
RIP My 360 
Sitting in IPAC and hating life. My license got suspended. 
@aimstah Same here. My husband's in school during the year but can't find a job this summer. Sucks. I'm the breadwinner. 
@agathaxx Caffe Nero keeping u fed homie. My Dads in Dubai for em...lost my darts bud for a week 
Damn it!! My brother is watching the football!! 
@mediocre_mum i tried that trick putting an ocean between us and inlaws but in the end we are on the same island  My MIL is a bat!
&quot;Louky's watching over you.&quot; - My mom.  &quot;Thank you mommy.&quot; - Me  Talking about my doggie who died in December   I miss him.
@RogersHelp @RogersKeith Help! My order is in limbo and 3 reps can't tell me if it shipped or even processed! 
Fuck. My Cure hoodie is too obvious. 
Damn. Im Sick  it really suks. Losing My voice. This Is ridicuolous!
Still watching PPP. Almost done. It's got a good message, but the acting's not so hot. My tummy hurts  Think I need to eat something...
@gigglesalot It's OK. Tomorrow is going to be the worst day ever for me. My GF is now leaving for Vegas...for good. 
Just had lunch and was hanging out with my daughter. My XBOX 360 has 3 red lights and it's not working so I am not happy right now 
@philkirby Sorry  My boyfriend bought it for me
@MCbutterflyfan Ditto  LMAOO! My mum loves MCC now +some of my mates, I get bullied for it  LYM xxx
@LTCB Not much free time these days...My son is home from schhol til July 6 and daughters will be done for the summer in a couple of days 
Sad day. My car cd player has crapped out on me! 
@secondpower you passed, heading to Milwaukee, won't be the same without you! My first WWE Event and you're not there 
I hate having a new toy that I cant even mess with. My GPS re-order wont be here until next month. 
Laundry &amp; cleaning.  My sis &amp; mom stopped by on their way to Barona...wish I could go 
@sarahditum Homeopathy makes me incredibly angry. My sister is really into it with her kids 
I can't sleep 'cause of my freaking cough. Aaah. My throat hurts so bad! 
I aqm having a bad Couch, My sore throat won't go away.... 
I am having a bad Couch, My sore throat won't go away.... 
Shonen Knife in Brighton. First show here in 16 years. Do these ladies never get old? BTW, anyone got bolt cutters? My bike lock broke 
@nbenecki hmm, well my new lndlady pays for the cable/net, she has FiOs. My current lndlrd has Cablevision, just trying to compare the 2 
@goldentouch4 I tried to do that... Didn't work. My heart isn't that touch. 
@ricksammon you always say Raw Rules!, but why? My jpegs are sharper than my raw files even after lightroom 
Make me a copy doug! My utorrent doesnt work 
@JoshAberson  you are so LUCKY!  My son is marching with PR, and I am stuck down here in Texas     Enjoy!
This is not funny at all! My left ear is locked  Probably a start to an ear infection, not what I need right now.. Damnit!
Might have to move, the economy sucks. My dad might lose his job and my moms got cut to part time no bennifits  it's been rough latly
Going to 7-Eleven and then I don't know where. My GF told me to stop twittering 
@dexter_the_lab Lucky you. My human won't lemme have the chicken bones he didn't eat at dinner... 
Home from work and I feel like I burning from the inside out. My face was red all day. Body is fighting something 
Took out his beloved tongue ring.  My tongue is swollen and the tongue ring was just causing more pain.
@Edwardnet My internet is down  Should be up tomorrow *fingers crossed*
The haze in KL is really irritating the hell out of me.  My throat is uncomfy  And I'm going for teambuilding tomorrow for 3 days! G ...
@FloralFawn Oh no that's horrible!  I'm so sorry to hear that. My niece's rottie is really old and sick as well.
Crap. My car is done but they close at nine and I don't have a ride until after 
Anyone know where I can borrow Chbosky's The Perks of Being a Wallflower? My local library doesn't stock it 
@KenPickard Some accounts have not been able to follow anybody, and some profiles are not appearing, etc. My account is one of them 
Now what? My best friend isn't coming with me to Warped. 
@ggypsy Man, I wish I saw your tweet earlier! My roomie and I made plans to go to a dance class together tmrw. 
Okay so the whole workingout thing was a bad idea. My appendix hurts. 
OMG- if ur chatting w/ me on fb I am SO sorry!! My computer is f-ing up!!! So much that its delaying responses!! Again so sorry 
@cigolio Not likely. My wife &amp; I are going to Europe for a month shortly after the date, so we're going to limit our travel 'til then. 
Oh, no! My church won't host a VBS this summer due to lack of budget... 
Freaking dangit! My logic pro just froze right in the middle of me workin on an instrumental &amp; I just lost it. Guess it wasn't meant 2 b 
Just spoke to a lady whose husband has Stage 4 cancer. Docs are giving him 6 months. My day just got darker. 
Went to the gym.  My sis called about her wedding plans.  by the time I got off the phone I was TIRED! I came home 
@earthmom22 I've been thinking about making one of those too! Bummer it didn't work.  My evap. cooler doesn't work that well either.
i just hit my fo'head on the windowsill while trying to reach for my My Little Pony shoes.OOOOW 
Home from church. Haha, finally attended my 1st Binhi meeting. My nose still burns- damn allergie$.  Fone's back in service tho! &gt;;)
Home from church- haha, I finally attended my 1st Binhi meeting. My nose still burns- damn allergie$.  Fone's back in service tho! &gt;;)
Home from church- haha, finally attended my 1st Binhi meeting. My is nose still burning- damn allergie$.  Fone's back in service tho! ;)
What the hell happen to My firefox...after few minuted it freeze. turn into Dark... 
What the hell happen to My firefox...after few minute it freeze. turn into Dark... 
Ow! My wrist hurt 
Got my Multimedia Collage printed out today it went pixelated  I called it, My collage of photos of when we grew an extra head =D
@tongarityphoon: That sucks  Good luck. My sleeping patterns are like... 6am to 2am. Gah no wonder I'm so cranky at night...
Watching a movie on LMN my faaave! My allegies are killing me  ima take some medicine and probably knock out...sweet dreams &lt;3
Singing all day today Listen to my music My friends smile with me strange to my friends .. I do not want to go .. 
Cold feet &amp; cold hands... My heart is also not so warm  #BSB
Operation: &quot;destroy the club&quot; .. Completed !!!!  ... My next mission -, Race home to try and get 3-4 hours sleeps before heading to work 
@officespacejk  Hello!  I is ill   My parents leave the country for the first time since I was 15, and I immediately catch a cold. Heh.
In a hospital, vomitted three times this morning. My stomach's empty as I haven't eaten all day.  Feel very weak right now.....
There is a counselor's meeting for me tomorrow.  And I am derpressed.  Again.  Why am I depressed.  My pchat is funny. 
Just finished my workout... Feel great!! Now I have Baby duty tonight, My wifey is not feeling good  I think I can handle it for 1 night.
@datdudepooch O so ya'll are really gonna be at Area.......didnt think so at first, My homeboy is promoting that party but I cant go 
feels like shes going to Vom, seriously...  My tummy hurts :'( x
on tube, starving, hoping another argument with the fire alarm people will not be necessary. My Zen is out of battery 
Morning all. Feel better this morning. My left eye is quite sore though 
finally....i did it - wolfed down a DOUBLE quarter pounder with cheese! My, it was soooooooo goooood!! -  just ignore the calories 
@njsykora Nope -- the toys weren't mine. My mom got rid of all my stuff 
is craving for Speghetti Warehouse in Dallas.   My tumtum misses the nomnoms that is speghetti.
It's My Birthday today! I am no more a teenager now 
It's My Birthday today! I am no more a teenager now 
Just Woken Up And Ive Pulled A Muscle In My Neck 
Arse! My 360 is fubared! It switched itself off with 2 flashing red lights so probably not covered under warranty 
Grrrr I can't effin sleep too much running through My head... Wished I had sum money to make life better 
@Owly yep! My RSS feeds are indeed on, but only the image in the &quot;Comics&quot; category appears to not show up in the feed. Very strange 
@officialmgnfox Oh god, that is... SO not cool. You poor poor thing  Anything we can do? My condoleances 
@_ChaceCrawford Hey, i'd like to add you on My Space but i can't do it because i don't know your email address 
Nooo!! My ridiculous 10-hour sleep made me miss the postman and delivery of my new lens 
Sori 'Bout My Pic Guys xx 
Scores being added. Winners announced shortly. My average was 109 tonight. Bit lower then usual 
Believe me . My phone is run out of money . No money for update on twitter .  im so sad
My worst dream ever  Oh My gosh....
Good morning my love. My mouth is throbing. 
No Prada for me  oh no, I get stuck with denim shorts ... Oh the horror. My lady says I'm I'm heat...WTH  does that mean I get PMS too?
Damn it, finally! My internet effed up yesterday...  I blame twitter! haha 
Cillit Bang does not get spilt coffee of freshly hung wallpaper   My first bollock dropped today
Dear twitter, sorry if i haven't been updating you recently. My thesis class is killing me. 
Dad beats his son brain dead. How freaking sad:  http://bit.ly/Ltp6Q  My prayers are with his family 
How am I supposed to sleep with this loud thunder?  My sleeping schedule is so fucked up... I had a very good night though. Thank you =]
@jennzahling I miss ya, too! My net connection sucked  DM me the # so I can txt ya! Sorry about earlier
Good morning. My rash is down to a category 3. So, we're making progress. It's going to be pretty hot today. I hate wearing sun screen. 
@ionickeith my skype: james.elford . My dad managed to break a shitload of plates and things (including one of Iona's 
@StarrGazr Finally! My parents visited me in NH for a week and the sun came out for about 27 minutes the whole time 
@LawrenceGichigi Yup ur 'Nu-Skool' long term... Lewis, Ziggy &amp; YOU. All 3 of u are pretty reclusive right now. My homeboys forgot bout me 
My heart just broke a little. My all time favorite toilet at FAOG is &quot;Out Of Order&quot; 
This is how tired I am. Its 3pm &amp; I've only just woken up. Shock, horror! My throat is sore &amp; my nose is blocked 
@calvinography Whose playing atm? I'm on a train and no tv 
Wet Backs and Soaking Sheets, Oh My! http://a2a.me/NvA My new blog post about my repelling #clothdiapers 
Call when you get here. My sense of time is messed.... 
@sarahhuska Oh my god, I'd love to!  But I'm actually moving out this weekend   My room is FILLED with boxes at the moment
@kendravvv Nooo, it doesn't work whether I have it or not. My mom forgot to pay my phone bill again and she can't pay it from work 
It's so cold in my room. I want food. My sister finished my Sour Patch Kids and sunflower seeds. 
@insearchofnkotb FYI - &quot;My Sister's Keeper&quot; = not a great movie.  I saw it on Tue and it was &quot;just ok&quot; ...
@reboot95 @gregdelima Figured out why Skype stopped working. My company blocked it because it takes up too much bandwidth. 
Walked into a pole last night in the city. My shoulder is now very sore 
I'm going to KILL him.                My candy 
At DFW airport. I wonder which DGs will be on my flight. My parents are here at D terminal - going to Canada. Won't see them. 
Today was very exciting! Erm.. My chipped Xperia still downs my mood though. 
Brownie Batter Blizzard strikes back. My back/neck are really sore as well, and today hasn't started out well 
BKethan: My car wont start again I jumped it last night and I went to move it this morning and it did not wor again! Sad day! 
Feel like a failure being a mother! My son wants to sleep with the maid! 
Hey Annex, if you see a handsome black &amp; white cat frightened in the thunderstorm, love him and then send him home. My cat got outside 
@GLCCJL  I hate that . . . My thoughts and prayers are for Farrah and her family.  
I have a premonition.. My plan 2 go 2 Bandung this weekend with my friends will stay as a plan.. There's no chance 4 us to make it real.. 
*Sighs.* My &quot;communication&quot; card isn't working today.  
@Tasharri @BBKwieen @SexyBeach , I WILL learn. She's a convienence at times. My smoking,clubbing and NYC buddy! 
Wordpressing through cellphone = NOT FUN. My fingures hurt..   why GP why? :'(
@mimidancer  Yeah i have odd moments too... My parents are psychologists 
Spent 4 hours untangling a light today. My mind hurts from the concentration 
@kyuhyunnie I heard a sound...like a person kick the chair nearby.Nobody around.My stomach shrinked.So scared,oppa! 
@AmandaNicole Hey, you're lucky. My husband doesn't drink coffee so I can't make him go get it for me. 
Uggghhhhh. My wrists hurt SOOOO BADDDD today!!! Can I go home now????? 
Done with school. My head hurt. 
R.I.P. Farrah God bless My prayers and love go's out to Her family and friends so sad 
@Eeoor - My pleasure! Let me know if you end up subbing, and what 
Good morning my little lovely fairy  My lovely fairy who is flying above goddess of love! Hey goddess watch out!
I'm gonna try and sleep now  it's 3:07, and i'm kinda tired this time. My wonderful bed is waiting for me. Sick, strep throat :/. Night&lt;3
@MissGC : Hahaha. Unfortunately not. My lesbian crush is ... Leighton Meester! XD You? 
@iWebrarian Omgili = Oh My God I Love It. The G sounds like the G in God, the ili sounds like the &quot;eally&quot; in really 
@brettgrace I will loom into it  Ive never been to NZ, I want to go though. My friend lives there. What city did you go to?
@danielhilton I know that's real. My bf fell asleep &amp; I'm editing video...  XO
If any of you are having a boring Easter, then send me a note on msn  I love to chat with people. My msn is ninaalbertsen@gmail.com
@philthatremains totally jst started blasting ATR at 10am dude. My mom is gonna kill me. BUT WHO CARES! 
@LittleFletcher Ohh! It's brilliant. Odd, but still amazing! His performance is great. I really hope you like it 
Music stimulates my mind. My interface designs get better the moment I listen to music 
@oliyoung Keeping up appearances really  My interaction with FF is far higher, mostly because it's all about conversation.
@Faiqa My fave Arabic name for a boy is 'Umar, followed by Ibrahim, but I am going to wrack my brain for some that are more unique! 
Yes! Just got the highest score on the Wii Fit. My sister will not be pleased. 
@megkautz I was having a bad hair day yesterday ha. My sister bought it at Forever 21 in Bahrain. Might be online somewhere 
@jamesbainbridge I knew it was for the girl  My advice: Reward &amp; praise taking chances as much as, if not more, than her success.
Whew! My day is ovahh! Hopefully the house is quiet so I can get some zZzZz's 
@nikhilnarayanan No, no. You are mistaken. My uncle is the PM of Angamali. Any of these anTWIcs there, and you are gone case!  #shavam
@gufobardo Thank you!  My secret?  Hard work, patience, and good pictures!  
@HollyPocketIero Dude, nothing much. My cousin's birthday is today so I'm going to his party tonight. He's 3!  What's up wit chu? 
Excited! Tomorrow I get to make one of these http://bit.ly/ckadX at @reuseum's workshop. My work has buckets of AA batteries I could use 
Britney is following me!!! My life is complete!!! 
http://twitpic.com/3isc8 - My dog...Peanut 
Didn't sleep very well last night. My schnoodle actually kicked me right in the eye-socket. Pretty sure she'll be in her kennel tonight! 
@maryheston Thx for sharing.  We volunteer at Childrens' Hospital.  My daughter had a brain tumor - they treat her like royalty 
Oh no! My voice is missing. hopefully I'll find it before my aunts bday celebration. Happy birthday 
@Wossy I used to work for EA.  My soul is ruined.  But sounds good so maybe I'll check it out 
Whoa, look what I have here, I take a sec to look at the room i'm in and I have my 1st follower  My very 1st personal stalker...
@RaiscaraAvalon Thanks!  My English is not that bad, but I am a perfeccionist! don't like to make mistakes especially being a journalist.
enjoying my clean home on this beautiful Sat morning! My backyard is the best, relaxing and beautiful. reading and good friends today 
Slept in  My dad's house is so much calmer than mine.
@dlloydthemlmpro You bet Lloyd. Friends call me Dub.   My biz partner's in Atlanta today. How far R U from there? Enjoy da wkend!
@Supermodel4real My sissy poo!! 
@couponprincess Thanks  My domain expires in 3 days so I need to get this taken care of fast! Way to wait til the last minute, right? ;)
@WendyMerritt My day is great! I'm in lazy mode &amp; loving it... but only for today.  Enjoy your glorious day!
Painted me nails. My fav color. It looks natural  loves itt http://short.to/502w
Tough watchin my girls play volleyball against each other...My sons basketball game should end with a win then it's College Banquet time 
@MortgageGirl Yumm!  I just ate a hersheys bar, too.  My daughter bought it for me--almonds would have made it more perfect.  
Just finished the shoot. My hair is now a completely different shape than it was when I started. Don't know why work always changes it.  
Home again.  Had an amazing time at Tango last night. My mistress smiled apon me, and a beautiful man smiled with me.
Grrr... My black berry keeps messing up! I am gonna have to call my carrier to send me a new one 
Ahaha. My dads giving my mommy a piggy back ride.  why is it called piggy back? .. Pigs don't walk on their legs.
@timtam9 Guess what?    i COOKED my peoples lunch and i gave it too there partly raw &quot; ops My Bad 
UFC 97 is over, now a snack and wait for the F1 race. Watched a couple of hockey games too. My three favorite sports on one night. 
Eating Thai food. My favorite. 
http://twitpic.com/3gv7u - My Juicy Bag pwetty! 
They Call Me BLACK JaGGA! My new handle 
hhaha I'm going to be photographed naked    ahha My Birthday suit
So my cuddle bug is full of lovin to give...hehe love My Princess 
Going to bed. Shopping in the morning. My fav 
@kelseyelewis haha...would be sweet.  My brother is a Flyers fan and would love to be able to rub it in his face! LOL 
Breakfast break. My essay writing is actually going well 
shares http://tinyurl.com/d3sl2a I Give My All - Hillsong  http://plurk.com/p/oyge2
@suziperry well done on ur team.  My 2nd fave team Leicester also promoted .. 
Yay cant wait 4 the Bay next wknd... @MannyS7 @HeidiOrtiz @MiizGemiinii @ohellno @J_Espinosa @JoeyBoy1 @JScratch @HoodratMiguel N My Fam 
@joeymcintyre @jordanknight @DonnieWahlberg Sorry didn't make it to HOB and missed Sexify My Love please sing in summer tour 
@PamDH My husband won't watch Grey's either, and he's not even a doctor! 
@MariahCarey  My favourite of all time - Underneath the Stars 
Damn @krystynchong this is a hot photo of you  My pick for hottest chick @twitter (via @zaibatsu)
Ah yes!! Mustard Dogs!! My favorite cooking daily. That'll be a sure +2 dalaran cooking awards  Welp, time to head back into the shadows.
@ddlovato Have fun Demi! My sister\s been to Barcelona and she said the food in Spain is good. Haha. 
@JimAlger We could do a &quot;Pimp My Tweeples&quot; segment for ya, but it sounds rather, um...racy...   Not sure it would fly!
@boknowsshoes Doing wonderful  Thank you. Barbers is always great. My barber is hilarious, and philosophical lol
@Victoriakessonx yess she's awesome! My fave of her's is Oxygen 
Still trying to get use to the taste of oatmeal!!! Yuck! My trainer would be so proud!    Its worth it for a bangin body!
Edinburgh in spring: Sun, freshly cut grass, a venti skinny latte &amp; a view of the castle. My life is complete 
@JamesSchramko Yes - an absolutely magnificent Petrov 5' black grand (hand-made chekoslovakian) . I LOVED playing it. My ultimate dream! 
@pannaadrianna laura Marling has a lot of good ones, My Manic and I, Ghosts, and a bunch more, hope you like some of'em 
Jesus said, &quot;My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.&quot; He is just wonderful! 
Mom knows more than the title of &quot;coincidence&quot; allows. We shall see. My facial structure is changing cause he makes me smile so much.  
@jessewilkins Happy for you! My princess is still asleep ... it's 9:30!!! Boy are those babies different! 
@JaxLicurse My day is Fantabulous LOL Yours? 
@ohktherine Hey cut me some slack mannn. My computer is slow, and I had been up since like 4am. Iiiggght.  Ilyt.
shower or nap? Ok, ok, ok. I already know the answer to that one   My hair is giving me a cookie monster type look right now.
Stinkin' poopy cold weather... My photo shoot cancelled.  Well, laundry and hanging with the family for me today.. a good trade 
just woke up. My grandma is fixing oatmeal. Yummy 
Watching Hitman with my parents! My parents rock 
It's a Maroon 5 morning @ my house to get me up and going!  song of the day: &quot;Losing My Mind.&quot;
@_xotashhh lol. My brother is a huge supporter of United - Me, Couldn't care less who effing wins 
@anggieholics: hahaha. Dont worry. My friends &amp; I are so expert on it. 
@ShelliMayfield  My pleasure. Having a quiet twittery weekend here - a lot of sport on TV (Formula 1, football, snooker), distracting me!
http://twitpic.com/3lmy7 - My cat Spikey enjoying the sun. Picture taken just now. 
@serrebi Your #ASOT400 recording is great.  LIstening now.  My funeral is not scheduled as of yet, if you catch my drift. lol . 
@JustJuanne Vrrrrrrrrrrrroooooomm! LMAO. My new saying... 
@Jonasbrothers three of your shows!  I can't wait for your new CD to be released! My birthday is in one week and it would mean
Good afternoon! My brother just made my brunch  bon apetite!
Finished the delicious breakfast/brunch.  My son is getting tired.  Almost time for his nap. 
@bilerico Thanks for the credit @pmeanwellralph but I just linked to that post, it's not mine. My (NSFW) blog is http://www.yaoi911.com 
Ok so the funeral went well. My counsin was laid to rest. Rest in peace Diraz!  God bless
trying to get a My Phone account 
@faketragedy Oh well  His rates are very reasonable.
@sugarray11226 whats good bro?  My time in Iraq is almost over.  
@uNCLEsAM098 Aahahahha   Hey you can email her anytime   She's uber friendly but so help me don't stalk her :p  Her email is on her page
oh ya.  i'm watching a few right now.  donnie and joey falling into the crowd, Full Service, Sexify My Love....worth the lack of sleep 
@mister_rei sup yrself ?! U a dj? My boyfriend is too in Auckland 
@junko67 I like to write all kind's of stories, except horror. lol My favorite anime would be Eureka Seven. 
http://twitpic.com/3nawi - My little harelipped girl turns 4 today.   Er... okay... so she's not exactly mine...
SWEET! My tax refund showed up in my checking account today. 
http://twitpic.com/3nb9r - My new Ateneo id! 
@mileycyrus Hang in there and have a great journey.  My girls adore you.  Thanks for all you give, Miley 
@judez_xo haha cool  My friend backed out on coming overr. =( Said something about homework. bleh. So. I went shopping! 
Feeling tired. My voice is gone - sounding hoarse - but sold lots of CD's!  www.myspace.com/deepimpakt - gonna recover today!
Thanks God for such a wonderful husband! I love him more than he will ever know! He is such an incredible daddy too! My dream come true! 
My mom's making coffee. My kitchen smells like Starbucks. 
@thereasonileft sankya  yours too! rrrowr.
Back at work, it seems I will never be free of XDoclet. My advice to everyone: Don't learn anything you don't want to do 
@marcusjroberts Lol, my whole flat is powered by apple - Quite literally. My home automation system runs on my iMac. have 3 macs in total 
@katarinahj Good!The weather here's pretty gray and cloudy,and I'm nearly falling asleep.My nose is running,but other than that,it's good 
Day 585: My God! What a beautiful day. I spoke to some friends in America yesterday which always makes me extremely happy! Today I study. 
northing to add...  Tenacious D - Fuck Her Gently ? http://blip.fm/~4mol0
@venture37: Yeah. My macbook is 2.5 yrs old now. Still going strong. As is my G4 mini. Your making me doubt now  
@PierreTran I do try. My Father learned French during WWII. Would teach me a little. I've been hooked ever since. J'adore Francaise! 
Quiet in the office today. Too quiet. My daisies are still lovely and the trees on the hill are getting greener every day. Groovy 
Staying home from school today !!   But I won't get to see my boyfreind (N) ...now with black hair. My plans today ; SLEEP !
The Beatitudes - My Shopping List  http://bit.ly/14xgJr
@HODES No. My boss saw a great presentation and wants us to emulate it...but we've never seen it and he can't tell us what it is.  
@GaleneYPP I for one would be proud to have a Galene Egg aboard a sloop as my mascot!  I have two sloops graced wit OM egg  My Companions.
woke up to the power being out. My MOM'S school is closed, but not mine. I'm staying home anyway. 
Sorry for that last post. My boyfriend is a nerd. 
@MirandaBuzz &quot;Stay My Baby&quot; just came up on my iPod. 
Watching the McFly motion in the ocean dvd.. You gotta fight! For your right! To party! ? My fave peformance is the next one  Xx
Watching the McFly motion in the ocean dvd.. You gotta fight! For your right! To party! ? My fave peformance is the next one after that  X
@EmoLaurie LOL!!! That sounds JUST like my lil niece!!! She LOVESSSS Dora!!! But &quot;My Little Pony&quot; is her Ish now 
@livinglegends Whose advice on what? 
Todayyy!  With My Sweety Lovebugueuz! (L)
I found myself saying &quot;B Ditto C&quot; this past weekend. My goodness my wife looked lost 
@hamjam01 Already found bunches from that link. Thank you!  My friend has never blogged before, doesn't know that world yet. She will now!
Today is one of those days where I'm thinking: OMG! My business plan is actually happening! The LOA strikes again. 
NOTE: My mails and messages have been swamped  which is a good thing, i do apologize if my replies are a tad slower than usual.
Who else loves Shinedown uh???? My favourite band at the moment \m/ \m/ \m/ What a singer! 
NOTE: My mails and messages have been swamped  which is a very good thing, i do apologize if my replies are a tad slower than usual. #fb
I'm eating chocolate brownie Ice Cream... soooo good! And after going to the gym no less. My life makes no sense and I like it 
@PollyBart Oh but I am in Mongolia, Erdenet to be precise. My virtual self just seems to roam a bit  
Saw My Present wearing THE fireflies necklace.  I'm happy!
@lynnmosher Only since January. I've wanted to learn guitar for years. My husband surprised me with one for my b-day.  I'm LOVING it!!
Juhu!! My mac is back!!! 
@atanori512 LOL! No loca.   chillin with the girls about to eat some pizza. My ass is tired. Heels-not so smart. Fashion is pain.
Mocha latte type shit, I dig it like My women. 
OHMAHGAH. My korean best friend that is an exchange student just got Skype. 
I'm so sleepy right now. My body hurts. Good night Twinklers. 
@HawaiiAloha  Mahalo! to you, as well.   My mother &amp; myself &amp; my 2 sisters just Loved that special trip to beautiful Hawaii. We Loved it.
@Debbas LOL ~ That cracks me up!  Glad things are looking better. I'll keep praying. Your Dad sounds like an awesome guy 
Lmao. My sister made me quesadillas... Now everytime i eat something with * i'll be reminded of @iamthecommodore and of course ALO 
@theogeo P.S. My brother saw you coming out of the Wall of Death earlier and laughed at you. He was too nice to say that to your face. 
GOOOOOSH!  Look at this! XD My twitter is full of Blink 182 songs aehaeuhaeuheuaheauhea!  No matter, just LOVE it ?
@CarnivalOfSquid I really like this initiative of yours  #squidoo
But debate like this is what heats me up!  My view can be summarize as follows: Science is NOT settled. (Yet?)
Loves loves lovesssss the White Sox!!! &lt;3 My parent's are taking me to a game for my 21st birthday!!! 
Mmmmm wine and cheese with @dwbuck!  My 3 favorite things 
@IAmTam ha ha! I am the same way! My Anoop fan friends call me a vampire cause I stay up all night and sleep half the day! 
@Dina357 i Wish, i Went on My Dad's iPhone.  He Just Got one, Even though he kept on saying iPhones were Rubbish a few months ago...
@JonathanRKnight I'm going out with My Kids this afternoon. It's a lovely sunny day,The countryside on My doorstep  Hope You're asleep? xx
@twostoreys I quote @growlybear: &quot;My Vulcan logic has determined that you are a moron&quot;  And that's what that guy is.
@SelenlovesMcfly Morning Sunshine!  What about your ex best friend??  We're going to land soon. My uncle is turning 60. SO much fun xD
@DrRus  Yep! Going fishin in a few.  My son's alarm just went off and were heading to the lake to hunt for lunkers  How bout U?
Soooo glad I can sleep in this morning! My body hurts; it sure could use the extra rest. 
is feeding the kids.  Weetabix....  My 4 year old prince is trying to relate to me the importance of Cookies in the morning 
@xxEmoKid Yes I did  My shoulder did, especially. Did you manage to close your mouth yet?
Around With My Baby 
@stacyr520 Well hello My Future, nice to meet you!  glad you got a spot. At least it was worth it.
@Flowersophy Ohhhh, not for l-o-n-g! I'm going to be asleep soon. My body is tiring. Greatly. And, it's getting harder to think clearly. 
Helloooooo twittertwits!    I am feeling Soooo much better today. My nose is still stuffed-ded-ded but oh well! I'm ready for a great Sat
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/4ed3x - *Stupid! I mean stupid! My god... 
@Madril Problem solved (I think). My father told me that it could be air in the radiator and it is. I must start to care about my car  Thx
@mcflyharry Hey... My sister is at your Southend gig tonight. She asked me to send pictures of their banner. http://twitpic.com/4egs9 
@simonw grats! Welcome to the #kiva club. My goal is eventually serve 1000 loans. 974 to go! 
http://twitpic.com/4eq3g - My zine is coming along, will be avaliable in ltd quantity, SOON! 
@LJinWA My run wasn't great but I did it right? A for effort hehehe. Meet the girls for coffee after so all good 
@d33pak Whooo! My first retweet! Much love 
@hugh_jackman Thank GOD! And X-Men rocked, seriously; we all loved it. My son wants to go see it again 
@BloggingBob Thank you so much!  My mom and I are also working together as PAWSitive Strides. 
Aha  My retard brother just stuck sissors in a plug because he didn't think it would shock him. It did! It was really funny!
@TheDelicious True...I grew up in SoCal but in a white suburb.  My wife is from Hawaii and couldn't relate to my identity crisis.
They just started to play it's always sunny in Philadelphia right now. My day has improved significantly!! 
@xpoc @obnoxiousacorns I have to agree - the Teletubby look is NOT the way to go. Now, My Favorite Martian is a whole different story, 
Good Day My Friends!  Our website is finally OPEN!  Please check it out and shoot me off your feedback. Thanks!  www.theRIGHTmovement.com
@Sirvinya I sure will! .. My BF treated me, I am soooo chuffed! 
Lari just told me &quot;I'm sick like mommy. My head hurts.&quot; 
Donating a bottle of 2005 Gravity to WineQuest fund raiser auction tonight. Should bring in at least $75 or more. My supreme sacrifice! 
Im getting ready to go up to LA. My lil sisters 18th birthday party is today. Big family party. Bringing the family along. 
@declutteryou Commerical breaks are good too! My friend is feeling defeated by her house, so I'm trying to motivate 
http://twitpic.com/4gpl5 - My Family 
@sohyunna: LOL oh no! Aahh thank you so much! My weekend has been really fun so far  How's yours?
Yay, My brother brought me home Free Comics cause he knew i was to lazy to go pick them up today 
@csstroehmer I'm SO sorry. My phone batter died, so depleted it won't even make a call while plugged in! You were so sweet to call 
Mothers and daughters can have such a beautiful relationship. My daughter and I are closer now that she's grown up. Therapy helps 
Diva is a female version of a hustla... My anthem yall 
@Mr_UNZ Thanks My Friend.   My Grandpa left us to go home at 11:45 pm. In peace and with no pain, just as I promissed him.  
is home and still laughing at swamp for not knowing why She's My Mat beat He's My Mate 
@LittleJohanna Hej hej, I'm back again (bothering you XD) My vacation was amazing, Mon&amp;tuesday off as well ^^ It's cool. I &lt;3 candy 2 
TheRealIngrosso: Hey there !  When are you going to Ibiza? My parents are thinking about it.. 
@hot30 Aah yes, the best bogan attire has sequins - My 'good thongs' (footwear kind!) have sequins 
@Morrica that's good to hear! My john Cusack movie was pretty good as well. 
Who needs a gym? My body aches (including my fingers) today from the afternoon of yard work. More today. Fun, fun, fun!! 
@BisFitty awww... Am I your favorite? My head is swelling 
Yay! My laptop is running SO much faster with FireFox! 
Just landed in Miami!! My phone still works! Yayuhhhhh ahah 
http://twitpic.com/4h5mc - My babies  Yes a lesbian with Children... Shocking!
@RadioAmy Ha! My hubby doesn't trust it either, always wants 2 go another way...y use it then?!?!  Ugh... 
@BeckyDMBR You are most kind, sweets ... looking forward to your tweetage  My girlie-bob twinners are 3, btw.
@Caseyelan Kids rocks.  My wife is taking our daughters out back right now to enjoy the weather.  
@LisiHarrison Heyyyyyy  Lisi! My birthdays May 7th, right after Blah-G day! Can I get a shout-out? Its my 12th bday 
@taujb Yep!!! My friend just finished watching Firefly and Serenity, and expressed love! 
We tried to set up an inflatable pool, but it turned out to be a HUGE pain. My daughter tries to help with stuff and the baby. 
@Sn0wrose My pleasure 4 sure! 
@TWalk Funny... I love to quote that movie.  My wife jokes my impressions are the worst imaginable, but I keep bringing them. 
good afternoon! My left foot..my ankle actually is still painful, weirdness :s anyhow, I think I''m gonna play The Sims 2 now! 
Waking up, bleeeeeh. My tummy hurts every morning now. Idk if it's the cold morning or gas 
trying out new Margaritas. My wife starts liking all of them 
today is a My Favorite Highway kinda day. I found out that they're from my hometown! I'm gonna have them on repeat all day long. whoot! 
@the_zac_efron FYI My sister in law cough57cough liked  &quot;17 Again&quot; &amp; said you were &quot;easy on the eye&quot; not sure which eye... Congrats! 
@naomi_mcrmy LOL Scaried girl. It was a joke. My telepatic powers don`t reach California. 
@_Flik_ hehe not too bad. Spent a lot of it typing. My fingers are hurting now lol gonna have some peanut crisps to cheer me up 
Yeeeew **I'm yours**just came on. 
Hello! I'm awake at last. Coffee a.k.a. Activator Fluid is at hand. My day begins! 
At the office. My voice is gone &amp; I stink. I was pouring sweat while preaching today so I stink now. Yes, that is gross but oh well. 
@Shash My husband keeps offering to puree stuff for me.  I've voted &quot;no&quot; thus far. Hopefully, I'll get the &quot;all clear&quot; tomorrow.
@MeredthSalenger Don't settle. There is no perfect. But there is &quot;perfect&quot;. My wife is my &quot;perfect&quot;. It'll happen. 
@illBLvnDW4Evr32 hooray!! Ya gotta let me know how it goes  My first 5* is on June 13.
@mismile I dont usually beleive gossip.. Btw love your movie, think it's awesome! My dad loved it too 
@hantenhobbit ahhaha!! My dog* does that to me all the time, that is her way of tellng me she has to go outside.  Not dad, that was wrong!
I'm overwhelmed by all I need to do in preparation for the move! My goal is to spend 1 hr/day going thru things! Completed that hr today! 
Watching Busta's &quot;Respect My Conglomerate&quot; video. I see you @DebbyCoda!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/4iwpf - My son - the (Lego) cell phone designer! 
@Strabismus  My parents disowned me... Now the dog is #1! 
@otisatthestate Awesome. That's great news! Can't wait. My favorite is the Fiske fries. 
Alright! My favorite time of day, my Dad's leaving for work leaving the house all to myself! 
Study Period is here. My favorite time of the year 
Woo! My twitter account is worth $13 
THEY BOUGHT IT! Incredible. My worst performance 
@sloanb all's fine in Dotsisx-land  Lab, lab, lab. Some blogging, some sleep, some food. My ankle is hurting though now 
@ozcmom ~ Yup!!    My thoughts exactly when I saw it the other night! 
@MariahCarey You are very special to me and I'm sure all Lambs think like me. My admiration for you is eternal (Lamb forever &amp; ever &amp;ever 
@Taytum09 aaaaaaahahahahahaha. My silly little bird.  How are you? Are you coming down for your berrday?
@taohuang Thank you! My father taught Chinese literature for decades, can you tell? 
@JoyAndLife hey joy, im good. My twitter says it all.  howz u been? Headed to bangalore any time?
HaHa Doing My Wii Fit O.o     .. Yay im getting My Stitches Out Tomorro   
@Tittch Good morning to you too, sweetness. My day has just taken a turn for the better... x x x 
Sorta like my new sleep schedule. The nights off are quiet and I get creative or even me time.  ahhh. My anti drug.
Lookin for work via online, watchin ShayCarl's latest vlog entry on youtube and textin a lady friend.  My beds calling my name though..  
Doing some test shooting later this afternoon.  Did I mention being in Holland for an indie wine festival this week? My tongue is red. 
@lauramorris1983 good luck with it..Do well!! My best wishes are with you! 
@rahulgoyal1986 Thank you.  I love my tattoos they are all very special to me xx My feet ones are beautiful  xx
Jammin To Capital In My Garde  xx
Jammin To Capital In My Garden  xx
@Chaos33176 What Makes Me Happy? My Daughter, My Family &amp; Their Support, Money, Shopping, &amp; Restaurants 
Do you know what's my best tactic? My best tactic is to just go with the flow. And you don't care. 
Yeah yesterday I turned 16. My parents rented me out a hummer limo. It was pretty cool 
@andymooseman Yeah. About damn time. My film SLR just sits there quietly being ignored. It's time to step up! 
@Nnascenzi but cover your sneezes with a tissue for love of God! My germaphobe-ness has significantly increased since joining healthcare 
@beetee Love that book! My VW I'm about to turn in is named Scout. 
@ScaryMommy   Sure!  My entire blogroll is terribly updated, but this could motivate me to update and redo it!  
@madamecomedy IKR?! My mom got it for me a birthday a few years ago. Tis the best 
&quot;Puke In My Mouth&quot; the brilliant response to Jizz In My Pants  http://tinyurl.com/cy8z7y  Over the top wrong 
just bought a good chocolate and a magazine... Later I'll play comanche 4... My good saturday 
@coreymekell not a lot!! im bored! My names Crissy BTW lol How u doinnnn??? 
http://twitpic.com/4w3zh - My son, Finley.  
Nooo, I'm not in love.  I'm just developing a crush. A small one. Heehee.  My second one. Shadduppp.
@Shaunie_O Awesome! My family owns it...The Flowers.. and we love having your kids there! They seem to have lots of fun!! 
Watching TV with the best people in the whole world !!!!! My Mum and My Sis Agus (: Love you all ! Twitter you later ha 
Bottle of reisling this time... My favorite! 
@Tyrese4ReaL hi (My Man) lOl I love you too... The song was clearer just had to turn my phone down 
@ninjen Really enjoying Drown in My Own Tears 
@JoeyyJ thats cool. My mom is a teacher in Burbank so we're always like right there. XP ahww i wanna go to the Bahamas! 
@discombob Yeah, she's done it several times. My Dumerils boa did it a few times w/ no prob. Just wonder if my hognose needs bigger food. 
Thank you OpenDNS for saving me from Comcast's crappy DNS server. My internet is back up to par finally. 
http://twitpic.com/4wp8s - My ear hurts, and THIS is my medicine. GUM 
@KerriAnson  My day was good!  Spent the day catching up on sleep, relaxing.. kind of a lazy day! hehe. oooo shopping! How did you resist?
@kerri_louise Sweet.  My mum wanted to go see that. Then she didn't but I did :L IN the end, we never went to see it. :/ The film is great
@Tinkersdamn ah yours is better! enjoy 
Number 999. My next tweet must be something really special. 
@rebeccamezzino It's a great movie - My best is the Welsh flatmate 
@Misstaken77 did you go out last night???? My Girls' Night In was fab, everyone made an effort dressing up   
@marysarahmusic Hey Mary! This Is My Twitter  (Karishmaa1) Luvv Youu ?
@Juniesgurl WOOHOO!!!  My broom isnt up to standards....there is no seatbelt on mine....*whispers*  I like the Swiffer... 
@craigyd I broke My MacBook but I got it fixed for free 
Me: &quot;What was that noise this morning? Did you kick the wall?&quot; Bubba: &quot;Not me. My animals were making noise. Pig is in trouble.&quot; 
@bexiclepop It's your biiiiiiirthday tomorrow! Excited? My original present idea backfired, but I have an even better one. 
@NunoLucena My first impression is yes. It's the first Myst game. I don't remember the solution, so I can play it all over again... 
http://twitpic.com/4wyp4 - My Track - Benwaa - VST is featured on this fine release 
@dirty_saint Hee hee thank you   My monkeys would be all over smoochin him 
Happy mothers day!!! My little boy made me two picture frames and gave me a starbucks card. Now that's what I call a good mothers day! 
@Fuzzy2230 Haha! That's so funny! My friends think I'm the weirdest person, but I don't care 
@QueenRania Pardon me Your Majesty, but can you share some photos of the site? It'll be great to be shared, thanks 
@Caffeinified Yeah. My Family runs a &quot;pick-ur-own&quot; patch. 4,000 Strawberry plants. LOTS Of strawberries! 
@jbmcdlts OMG, I KNOW  remember the place they ate &quot;Village Idiot&quot;? My best friends sister works their but was away in NYC at the time!!!!
@docbaty I am.  My dad came up to visit last night, left this morning.  Taking a day off for a change; pizza and beer in my near future 
@danatreat and I've wished for cute curly hair like yours 
@madmax69  It was really good.  My friend, @MorganH03 and I went dirt-roadin'.  Good times.    Sounds like you had fun, too?
Make that forecast soundings.  My brain is going faster than my fingers.  
Going To Brunch With My Mommy And My Grandma 
@CFJamesAllen My blogging engine is a scientifically designed combination of ColdFusion, ducttape, rubber bands, and luck 
@uppity12 Haha!! Thats too funny  I could See My Friend doing that .. lol
@Alpha_and_Omega - whatever...as long as you aren't bashing me or my mother.  My mother is wonderful.  
@ehasselbeck Been 2 4 stores looking 4 ur bk - noone has it, UGH! My kids r mad! Ha!  Just ordered online on my phone, going home now!! 
After a lot of hard work, and editing etc. My &quot;secret&quot; app should be launched in Cydia tomorrow (if all goes well) so not 100% just yet 
@Jamesonwa It is seriously delicious.  I can't tell you what the marinade is about.  My wife is Korean and she takes care of that part. 
I don't think I slept last night at all! For the last time I woke up at 4 a.m. My work doesn't start until 7 a.m. Anxious enough!? 
I hit the gym and now I'm going for a LONG soak in the hot tub.  My son is walking the dogs.  Life is GREAT!!!  
@DonnieWahlberg Celtics all the way!!! My heart was beating so fast, I wish I was there with you. I love you with all my heart, your boy 
@Strabismus My mom won $600 last weekend  Bingo is my thing.
@Safety012 Thank you. My grandfather actually helped found the local fire dept, too. 
@spifko -- Your family does Star Trek. My family does Rainbow Cones. Both pretty old school. Your fam and my fam should hang out. 
@atslopes my grandfather washed out around 60 I think and moved to Florida. My mother plans to work till she's dead 
@DavidArchie My home  Too bad I'll be here
http://bit.ly/8uUJS   My Dad Double-Eagled and ended up in the local FL newspaper 
http://twitpic.com/4yq80 - Ahah! My plan to seduce hawt girlz is working!  *sexes Twiggs*
Ran 5 kilometers in 35 mins and felt great. My first outdoor 5k in 2 and a half months. The sun was shining, and I'm bronze. Woohoo! 
OH MY GOSH! My daughter Gracie just smiled (for real) at me twice- I am undone forever- whatever she wants up to half my kingdom! 
Omg! My mad money purchase for april and  may got here today... Super gals and case closed season five! 
@MsBassett OOOOOOOOOO... I'm Your First 
My very first twit? Tweet?  My darling is so sweet &amp; addicted I must say!
I don't think you ever really forget your first love. My ex just came through to say hey and I'm still on Cloud 9 
@ClayPierce Thx 4 the invite Clay, your song was beautiful, &amp; your son very handsome. My heart is sad 4 u. Wish I could give u a big hug. 
@Robbieland My BF and your BFF is gonna be home in less than 1 week!! Wooooo! Get excited 
@bronwen Oooh. Noice. Our summer is looking very busy too.  If there is free time (and if my visa gets sorted) we should meet up...
GoodMorning!!!!!!  Singing InTo My Hairbrush..
sweet sixteen teen marathon on My MTV 
@RaceSpeed Seriously?? Mine? They're just... editorials of my life, I guess.  Nothing like yours. Your photos are... art!
Yeah baby! My nuggets are going to the third round! Chyea! 
@jichellemybelle AHO! I had so much fun tonight! My face still hurts from all the smiles &amp; laughter! Starbucks was the perfect touch! 
@teejay30 Estancia ftw!!!  My very favorite.    *raises her glass* Have a good one!
http://twitpic.com/550bg - My darling baby boy when he was about 2. Seems like only yesterday. Today he turns 19! How time flies.  
Oh well, Seeing as I've been (5,4,3,2,1...finger click!) wide awake since 5:21am...My squoval nails are perfectly manicured. Bonus time 
@DawnofOURnight Yeah, I saw it. Your awesome photographs never cease to amaze me.  
@aimeeleelucas han river is the best place to JOG. My personal Sanctuary 
@dicklet Oh yes a lovely sleep, thankyou My dicklet. Good morning to you. Off to the gym, then onto my kinky palace afterwards 
@jolicloud Does it means we're close to get our hands on it? My eeePC 901 needs it! 
@Bradzo3000  My 1/4 Cable broke recently so I can't do radio show (can't plug mixer into line) But I can still get my guirars workin 
Just got home from work, super tired -_- My love and a bunch of friends came to see me at work today, awww  well ima eat.. Ciao!
@2arrs2ells My thoughts EXACTLY on the article, thanks for articulating so I don't have to 
To get yours, go to www.AnnualCreditReport.com  
@Jassielmah Lucky... My mum would give them cake. 
Morning all. Tired today, work all piled up (again) but the guests arrive tonight. My little bit of home comes to Dublin for the weekend 
@LittleFletcher I'll listen  My German is boring, this must be better 
shares http://tinyurl.com/r6a3p9 (My new Kicking Pinay blog post)  http://plurk.com/p/tqk8y
@CourtneySit so what do they say? My little cousin calls me Dorky because she can't pronounce it, now everyone calls me that 
@Rock_My_Soles Very cool! Thank you! I love working with athletes - they make good homework students. 
I better eat dinner. My tummy's rumbling.. Moaning for food 
Agh. My tooth still hurts. I got like 16 hours of sleep tho. 
@karinejoly Re photo, the original is one of my favs, includes my partner Voltaire. My wife loved the photo of me, we cropped him out. 
Hah! My kids enjoy a good tickkle!! I'm happy  sure tonight cannot sleep hehehehehe
http://twitpic.com/55gdp - My mother brought me a very nice Lakshmi present this afternoon. Thank you  X
@stevekashmir that they do! also sang a splendid rendition of Beatles tune, With a Little Help from My Friends. 
@TonyTanCH Retail therapy is a wonderful and magical thing~~  My dad's in his mid 50s... I think he's playing Beyond!
@wildhoneypie_  I already have a Nike Dunk. My boyfriend gave me one for my birthday. 
@Danwarp Amazingly awesome episode! My second favorite ever, after iKiss 
@iamgaberosales i edited yours na 
@joythebaker Cool! My parents' 30th is in 2 weeks. Congrats to them all. 
http://twitpic.com/5ccz3 - My beautiful friend @kamstam this evening at her prom. (Before it got rained out...) 
Have to download ALL new music for my PC &amp; My ipod. Any good new music anyone? I'm up for anything  
@afeceo Hahaha...My battery died a few days ago and I hadn't signed in since. I will do so now dear... 
Tonight was grand.  My boyfriend? Yeah,he's basically awesome.
@jeremycowart Wasn't the photography just gorgeous in that?! My favorite part too. Seen it twice now. 
@marcelo_schmitt That's good  My life's fine. Repetetive, but getting better and gradually more exciting. Do you play guitar?
@goaliemom31 Yes but it was the favorite ;) My horse was a long shot in Kentucky and today. Finished third in both races 
I'm having the time of my life. Funny how I c hella  My friends from japan. Time to get loose holla at cha girl 
Omg just remembered a bit of my dream. My Ds had both of it's screens smashed! :O *Looks* Phew, Its in one piece. 
On a positive note, my new 22-inch 1920x1080 Dell monitors are pretty awesome. My desk is now full. 
@tomlenk YOU ROCK!! My whole Family loves you!!!!!! 
I know am the owner of the ultimate iPod thanks to @grantcrusor... My music collection is quite serious. That is all. Good night folks 
Hi  My first visiting here  Looking for some interesting 
http://twitpic.com/5cnwp - My landscape paint for art lesson.  It looks better in life. ._. Eiffel tower.
@OfficialJonah a sign that size saying 'Jonah is BOSS' would over power a premier. My sign would make headlines..front page headlines 
Me And My Brother Goin 2 A Christenin  Love You xxx
@Charmainewai Yep, good reason there  My family call my style *dad dancing*. Really I'm just too cool for them. LOL
Helped a friend move yesterday. She moved to a 3rd floor apt. My calves are killing me this morning. Should help mu muscle mass though. 
OH MY GOSH ... Be My Valentine is one of my top 3 Eurovision songs for 09  ... the dancers are hot also #eurovision
@CarlynnCarnage One of the Asian Horror discs I just pickes up had the trailer. It looked great. Your new avatar looks great, BTW! 
Sixteenth post: My followers must be having fun receiving spams from me  I am having fun spamming too 
@HAMMER32 @androidtomato i know what the hell was I Thinking!!  LOL to put my sister over YOU guys. My American Bros/SIS
Off to lunch .Night was perfect. Byeee  omg.. My sister has just throw up. Buhaha. Think that someone is drunk.. Kriss u r not only one;)
100th Update!  My clock has taken to giving me TWO minstrels every hour 
Lots of last minute stuff to do b4 I leave for Illinois 2morrow. My son graduates in 2 days!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5cxpx - My little Cinnamon!!   Now she is on the bigger side of things!!!  
http://twitpic.com/5cyhd - My baby cousin, Sydney. Shes soo cute 
@sparklinks thanks for the retweet... Lol. Wasn't for My entertainment  lol
@tg123 Oh, well that makes sense. I grew up in Houston too. My parents had season tickets to the first Texans season.  Ready for the game?
Goodmorning tweeters. My mom and them went to the Aids walk. 
Sick for 3 days now. My butt feels like toast. This is so boring 
God bless firefox's 'restore previous session' button. My tabs!!  is there anything I won't do to put off doing work?
Im home. Nap time  just ate chicken cutlet and house special. My leftovers hehe, fr the mexi-chi food place.. No racial.
http://twitpic.com/5d4ak - My Fav. GB Packer, what a HOTTIE 
Yessss! My mommy got me an itunes gift card..for the report card i never gave her 
@AnniJB Oh yes, he is handsome  His name is Artur  But... He has a girlfriend... So sad 
6 hours of drum lessons today!  Woooo!!!  My head's gonna explode!  
@SirJolt Do it. My bed is comfy.  al you need to have for your exam is your student card, know where its on?? and when??
@andrewghayes like your blog post on Amsterdam too! http://andyhayes.com/i-am-amsterdam/ My place of birth! 
@kaycakes2 Yeah, it's was great. My parents took all my friends and me out for a meal and that. It's was lovely 
@trevward LOL .... There wicked,,, would love 2 see u wheelie the beast  ... My Grans got 1,, she calls it KITT 
Watching &quot;My Wife and Kids&quot;. 
@iphigenie Um... sure  And you're welcome. My gushing was somewhat hampered by the 140 char limit, but maybe that's just as well...!
@jazzwerewolf Well done. 4th sounds pretty good. My only exercise today was cleaning the decking in the back yard 
&quot;Leave Her to Heaven&quot; and &quot;My Man Godfrey&quot; - two very different takes on whirlwind marriages 
@anz_rocks My tweets are sealed. So there is a new Terminator movie coming out. See that guy...??  
@cole_mc Working away...My job sucks lol...the restaurant is always SO DEAD!!! Other than that I'm great! How are you? 
@malfie1 Frances books are still my all time favorites! My daughters bought me Bread and Jam for Frances out of the blue a few years ago 
@HeidiHey Happy birthday!!! My sweet friend u r adult now!  
Going to church and todai for my Mom's bday  tweet me!! My phone is fully charged haha
Taking a half an hour break. My brain is only re at the moment. Math next though until ten - then desperate housewives 
@ajvelasquez Yes u can!  ahahah but chinga has to make it for u!... My fish/Chicken was really good 
http://twitpic.com/5dhz8 - FWD:My cake 
OH WAIT! Now i get it. My iPod says it's X-MEN 2 but it's two of the same movie. Actually, it should be named X2. Silly me. 
http://twitpic.com/5ditr - My nephew chose wisely for his tie.  go KU!
@Loeuvrette Thank you! My curiousity is satisfied! 
Two Days Old - Cash Cash  My new favorite song. 
Going downstairs for hot chocolate and oreos  I have the falling in love video on my ipod touch(L) My next tweet will be off Tweetie, funx
@Delboy7  ... My friend you keep promoting a link that does not work 
@vanderwal drinking red wine and writing code up here in Muskoka. My debugging skills get better with a glass or two! 
*cradles new bottles of Nyquil* My babies! Mommy needs you. It's like xmas for my immune system! 
&quot;that kind of noise should be illegal!&quot; -My mom referring to someone's blaring bass in traffic behind us. Gotta love her! 
@ChaiBella We are good!  Just a little PTSD  that's all, My Torsten 14 yrs old Thought it was &quot;Awesome&quot;, he was born 1995
Day uno on twitter! Pretty cool. I hope your weekend is turning out well. We had a strong jolt here in L.A. My dog and family are fine 
@carocat G'Day to you and yours 
@davidhasselhoff glad u had a good time at the party. Glad that u support out troops. My cousin is with the 101st airborne 
@DDubsTweetheart LMFAOOOOO! Doubt he'll get me on there! ....Oh wait! Your 5* is coming up so, you could ask him there! 
@alsilverfang Yes!My husband and I, Married 20yrs and no kids, just got our first foster child, and she is 4 yrs old. 
Blackberry Storm out! Hello Curve! My new best friend! This phone rocks so far!!!!!  http://myloc.me/15hA
@milagro88 Ohh! You meant the original ones! My buddy wore the Voyager version (not TNG, my bad) http://bit.ly/tc76U Bit more practical 
A great day @ RBC as well. I was in nursery this a.m. - very exciting.  My husband preached tonight &amp; God really used the message.
@buildsixpacknow  I live in a Gourmet savvy country and you are suggesting I live on salads? My souls revolting 
@mrjack92 New everything   My last couple purchases were laptops.  Havent had a new desktop in ages
Thinking about My Boys...  Being a stay at home mom is hard work.... But I love taking care of my Bebes 
@magdalune  love long weekends  My husband and I enjoy the fireworks   Memorial day long weekend is coming  
@RCandCess I dont get your portion though  Malalim eeh! Hehe! My BFF prunes &amp; I love all access!
@YellowLlama Haha! My sisters and I used to do it too.  Am off to go forage in the kitchen. Sure there's a can of the stuff somewhere.
@libbyoliver awww! Do not fret. I will still be tweeting. My fingers are fine 
@grork Seattle was great actually. My selective memory has nearly erased the rain, so it was a really good day. And GREAT coffee 
@DNTBH8N I did hit you back....check ya mail  My day was GREAT, watched the game and had a few martini's LOL
@isla_fisher Nope!! Your hair coler is different from her!! And style is different from her!! 
http://twitpic.com/5f28p - My Cookie baby is all dressed up 
@felicityfuller Fairly quiet weekend here. My son and his friend are both interested in the Skydiving 
&quot;ohh my goodness, my heart, it almost stopped!&quot; My awesome reaction because I thoguth I missed HIMYM 
@hall_jason start with mine (henri.tel), I'm even number 21/67MM on a search for &quot;henri&quot;  My .tel domain beats my fb, twitter, blog urls
Random: My aunt's water broke like an hour ago in England 
I'm spending time with the sweetest man in the world...My Hunny Bear (him and my couch are best friends 
Me and My Friends were supposed to pull an all nighter they all fell asleep not cool !!! Ive been up since 7 almost 24 hours  im skilled&lt;3
@muchloveanna Yeah, I never went  It's been 5 years now. My brother has gone pretty much every year, though! For more than 10 years!
says Thank GOD! My photoshoot's over and it was successful!  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/uimfi
I'm back. My bed feels oh so wonderful after a nice shower. Sac was hot as hell but I love my extended fam so it was worth it. TV time 
@BostinBloke Eurovision was great. Did you enjoy it? @wrinklydragon 3x solitaires? That's amazing. My win rate at the mo is 5%! Bah! 
Tons of red poppy wildflowers all along the train ride! My favorite... Thanks God! 
@MURS ? Road is My Religion ? 
@heidivanhorne psssha, aw cmon, you know you wanna!  My bad about the site being screwed but hey Im workin on it!  Send em in again!!  
Cleaning my closet and sing-a-long to McFly songs, from the greatest hits Dvd..  My closet is too small! Or do I have too much clothes?
@thevoyager Damn, straight into the pacific. My hole would be flooded! 
Good Morning peeps! Getting Dressed for School Right now. Maybe I'll Tweet when I'm in the Car on My phone on My way to School 
kudos my hero.  [My hero - Paramore] g'evening
@Bronzethumb I choose &quot;Renegade.&quot; My favorite Styx song. 
Yeah! My first update 
Good morning! My birthday is over but tomorrow i get my license! 
Home at last!  The test was AWFUL - I didn't know some of the Qs and it was noisy! Gym was OK - did weights, YEYYY!  My nails are great.
@JeanetteMcLeod My dog likes to wipe his face on the furniture. Don't have a cat 
@tiffanyplurk hey if you like joe brooks you'll enjoy My songs  www.Myspace.com/mikedignamuk
@GenMom My son thought it was SO cool y'all got to go to the Survivor finale; he was happy with the winner 
@yoko71 yeah I'm surprised too  @Tisyonk I would love to have the punishment. Ok, back to rehab. My neck hurts so bad 
@nevershoutamy yay! And i have yours! 
Goodmorning world  Mmmm, cupcake and vitamin water for breakfast! My favorite.
is going to &quot;the school dance&quot; with Phoebe  Oh! My! God!
Super sleepy and in spanish :-/ .. Worst way to start your day. Oo! That rhymes. My quotes should be on milk cartons. Gosh I'm amazing. 
@miracle21 @melbgirl @alphastudio Thank you  @keesplattel My own custom designed typeface for the logo @danielpinkney Complex into simplex
Well I'm off to work,My intention is to deal with all the different work energies in a positive way,HELP  Pray for me, send your love.
@Bass_ haha yeah we're lucky with that really! My sisters in Perth too 
@PearlyM I'm off to my confessionbooth: My mind is perverted, skank that I am LOL Yet I am loved by Pearl! I'm going all mushy right now 
@alisonpace @househomeauthor Thank you, thank you for the kind words about Time of My Life! (It never gets old.) 
@highstorrs rubbing it in? My daughter failed the audition, now sit next to 'Dorothy' in Maths 
@dinglesurf Nope, but I'm amused by how much you're loving it. How does it work anyway? My stn would prob be just endless minimal techno 
@philkirby hello dear!  My rampant rabbit's batteries are exhausted. :-P  I've been waiting for you all night. You liar!
I'm tired. Time to go see my boyfriend!  Graduation, My birthday, My family, Warped Tour, Cruise, College, Rhode Island, all so soon!
.@dawn_armfield I guess it is just a fun toy for now. My favourite book when I was a kid was an old Atlas, so this site is awesome 
is at HK Intl Airport, waiting to board. My feet are killing me. Heh. But it was a fun weekend 
Well I'm off to work,My intention is to deal with all the different work energies in a positive way,HELP  Pray f... http://bit.ly/x7tGZ
Off to the first grade awards ceremony. My son left a note in my purse.  &quot;Dear Mom, Don't forget the camera.  I love you.&quot; How sweet 
got an 80% in Corporate Finance ... My 1st 1st 
@diegoandres  Hey, got a stock tip for you   My coworker &amp; I bought a few 1000 shares of GNBT - it's below $.40 now but could go to $6-10
@Ryanesque RE: Teething: My mom always used rum for our teeting.  If you're drunk enough the screaming doesn't matter so much. 
Back home  My R.S test was meh. Damn you Religion -_-
Good workout. Now time for real work. My first day out with bernadette 
@etis they're supposed to deliver a fixed phone to my house any minute! My blood is ALREADY boiling 
@LiaSong My bad. I forgot you were on the DL. I hope paparazzi  don't see my tweet. i wont say it again. I'll just think it 
@olore Well you are not alone... My fingers are skinny and strong though... 
I am so anxious to leave for our road trip! My heart is like *boom boom boom lets go*. Wait, is that being anxious or a heart attack? idk 
Except my followers, of course.  My followers all have BRILLIANT taste in music.  They are also all thin, beautiful and geniuses. 
@JasonSprenger Think how my mom feels.  My sister is worse - she used a table top as a toboggan down the apt. stairs this wknd.
@noxhanti Thx... gotta have something to offset the realism. lol. My survival is predicated upon finding the beauty in everything. 
@OtakUniverse Moshi, Moshi!  My Brute is getting stronger, ready to do some damage, lol!  Look out now 
Started my week with a work-out at Rhino Fitness.  My muscles are buzzing from exertion 
@maynaseric Wanting to get to Singapore for a long time, maybe you'll help make it sooner.  My face is all over the web. Looked lately? 
@celcrisanto Cool! If you get it before I do, will you promise to let me play wit it?  My dad's I'll-think-abt-it wasn't as convincing.
my  study of #Lost continues, watched 4 more episodes of the first season. My goal is to watch all 5 seasons by the start of the 6th.  
the count down begins 3 day until My 21st Birthday 
@LTAjoints i can't wait! &quot;Look At My Twitter&quot; will definitely be another hit for sure! 
Ouvindo KROQ - What's My Age Again?  x X
I Chose My Outfit Weehhooo Im All Ready   ToodlePip Peoples   xxx
*cough* *cough* Owww. My chest hurts, I hate being ill, i'm too much of a wuss to cope well. Yellow day in work today, I hate yellow. 
@erin_gee My licensing exam. Far less exciting than salsa! I'm def going to have to try that soon. PS Book a trip somewhere, silly girl! 
@Cuchulain Enjoy!  My Puggle woudn't make it on a trip! 
Gonna head canteen for Lunch.. My nose n throat are givin me trouble... ya u guessed it rite.. HardRock cafe effect 
@Therealcolby I'm listening to Ooh Aah right now! My fav song at the mo forsure 
A great good morning to you from Oslo! My legs are in good shape today  office day, paperwork. Will make it trainifique, tho!
@Gecy I have sun poisoning on my arms from when I was a child, so I understand.  My blisters are starting to go away, so I'm not worried. 
@shereemcfly09 i couldnt get on yesterday! My day was good  And you? Awh cool i dont know how many i have haha! LoveYouJonesy &lt;3 XxxX
@DeepXP Vital info! My case is even more spicy  - Guess I got some letter writing to do .. thx n cheers
@daverage thanks for the offer. My gaming is pretty limited to GH though but I'll def have a look at your site. 
@sweetkisses277 Aww well I know how you feel, believe me. My insecurities and flaws are many.  Good thing friends don't care about them!
Throiugh security. My cowboy hat set off the WTMD. 
V. Excited, packing for Hay festival. My inner nerd is sated 
@BinkleyOnStyle 55+ - No Problem! My battle axe is a boomer older than my mom! Hey, I love 'em aged like a French cheese or fine wine 
@nocas Seems like you're having a hard time with BA. My idea of BA is that it's probably the best airline in the world 
@mathewsanders I went to Chow a couple times last time I was in Wellington... I LOVED it!!  My favourite dish was... &quot;banana leaf fish&quot; 
#followfriday rec. 4 all u Celeb Watchers: My friend @sillybeggar is an up-&amp;-coming celeb &amp; v funny guy! Check him out &amp; buy his book! 
#followfriday @danclements is this guy; Nerd and techie. That he has a better camera than I. His gf is cute; 4 a girl. Fungi. 
Thank the gods! My internet's back  Twice in 2 days it's cut out now
@coolashaker Lol! Yes u can! My bro has lived in Edinburgh for years and still does a terrible fake scots accent! 
Hoorray! My &quot;Cogito Ergo Nom&quot; T-shirt has arrived 
This morning's been good! Finished all the work I needed to, My little boy's feeling better , free as a birdie now, till 2 anyway! 
The sun woke me up. My laptop was beside me so now I'm on twitter. Then I looked outside. I said it was nice. Its going to be a good day. 
@spalongal I can imagine!  My mother centered around her Westie terrier too, doggie gets anything she wants. But gives lots of love back. 
Wouh! My Vacation was so tiring but still i enjoyed hanging out with my cousin 
@Piewacket1 Guess who has a BlackBerry?  My number is 07960011705
@JeffTracey Yeah, I know...just hassling! My Year 3s should be awesome at packing away on the 2012 Band Tour 
So happy ! My picture appears now!!!  Anyway...I'm off to take a shower now that I'm up !!! 
http://twitpic.com/5op1a - My Pet on pet society (facebook) the pink one 
Morning. Check out who I'm following for #followfriday   My follow friday suggestions are done.  
goodmorning twitter. :] 10 Days until My Birthday! 
@shintinmicz You're wrong. My computer doesn't like your face, that's all. Hahaha. 
@allenmireles I know.  Same here.  My dogs are scared to go out there! 
Mhmm... My scientific method is not working as I expected.  OK! improvisation again! 
@ThisIsRobThomas So, I switch VH1 on just now, and they are playing your video - Her Diamonds.  Sa-weet!  
@LaEstrellaBella My bad! Well u have all day to get all prettied up! 
@TinyKsass @Gbyxo Haha Oh My Gosh  I Love This.
@debaucheddiva that is a GORGEOUS pic! Made My morning, thanks! 
@ultra_violet77 My dear ! You have heard all the songs before !!!!   Yes I know, having the CD is different.
@NOTCOT Mathnet &amp; Square One!! Brings back some good memories  My favorite part was Mathman
http://twitpic.com/5otuj - My baby cousin christina. Found her pic in my phone! 
@lynzi682 Good thanks  My cold is gone, how about you?
Camera Obscura's My Maudlin Career is pretty ace. Today is state the obvious day 
@richcruse Hey pal!  My Bib # for the LA Marathon is 853 
@Writerbabe My plans involve a Barbecue-lol 
http://twitpic.com/5ovb0 - My wife being &quot;besna&quot; at me because I am Twittering 
#followfriday - @southerngfx @krea8tiv @cali3d - My main Art related guys...worth a follow 
@LadyLindsay yours too - we will be here 
@MyHopeSpace Thank you  My baby is growing up so fast!!
@zacislost Awesome to hear!! My own business of late has meant that bwym this week hasn't been so 'weekly' - so tomorrow I shall be busy! 
@itsLissa Thank u! My daughter says she's antisocial, I say she's mama's girl, 2 shy! 
@Siouxsinner Rotten driver for not pulling over. My drivers always know there WILL be stopping for all photo ops. 
@Kjersti99  So go to diff auditions MY goal is singer/actress/model. My mom only wants me to be a model becaue she hates my voice- i think
Morning Twitterbugs!! I woke wit a &quot;CirOc&quot; headache. But I'm  SUPER HAPPY!! I Love Life  My Chickies my trife ass Niggas My $$$...
@SparkPeople My name explanation is pretty boring; where I live and what I do. 
Omg! My dad is hilarious!!!  ilh &lt;3
@nikicheong Look familiar? which picture,on twitter? I didn't even know about the Ruumz thing yet at that point.My pleasure 
I get off work at one run errands then home to Garden with My Fiance! 
is watching Obama speak again. My goodness, this man can talk! Does he memorize his speeches? He NEVER looks down or uses a TelePrompTer! 
O. Its ok. Im ok. My car is ok. Its ok. Wheww- false alarm. Children, this is why u shouldnt txt ? Drive @ the same time. Its ok 
@ypatten @ktsummer Hands off My Man girls!!!! I laid claim to Jordan 23 years ago!!!!! HE'S MINE!!! 
@Christiegarcia Ur avatar, silly. I dont know what's in your closet... anymore. Since U changed the locks  BTW Your dog's hungry. LOL
@VixOrien Ohh, that explains it. My bad. I don't have the insight you're allowed by teaching the youth of America 
@twinyk Yes!  You are coming to Chile in 6 weeks! *does a dance*  My throat is alright. I feel SO amazingly well... strange since I just
http://twitpic.com/61cex - My Puggy looking grand... one of my faves! 
@TheRealDiCaprio You are truly one of the most talented actors out there!!! My fav to be exact! All of my favourite movies, your in them 
Starting to organize and pack for Israel. My husband left me home alone tonight with my spreadsheets  brings joy to my heart.
@rubymoonstruck Very cool, I have long lost relatives there. My Gr Gr Grandmother lived there. 
@ArzNova My quality of life improved after I unfollowed Diddy. 
The UFC video game is ridiculously addictive. My hands are so sore and cramped from playing. I'm the submission queen 
@TheGreenZebra Wear sunscreen!  My neck got burnt.    Oh, and be sure to have change handy ahead of time.
by big day i didnt mean My Wedding, i meant graduation for all u silly little twitter-ers out there!! 
Haha you changed it twice? At least they both have my bestfrahnn's FACE in them.  I'm trying to change mine. My Wenises get old!
I've prepared My School Thingy. 
@faithgoddess7 Yvw! My friend!! God Bless You! 
Mm.. My bed is feeling hellaaa nice right now  .. Can I just put it out there that it feels crazyyy good to be back ?! Niiight 
@mrskutcher I like that photo of yours 
More tye-dyeing. My friends are amazing. Be jealous 
http://twitpic.com/61g8a - My front yard. Panoramic shot. Love my camera for this! 
OMGosh Free class..again..it's about to be boring...My bag is about to rip off  after school goin to nanny..no net connection, I'll die...
Morning everyone! I like Wednesdays. My film class is possibly my favourite of the week, we all duzen one another 
What a great day!!! My portfolio is up 66% with in the first hour!!! BEHL, what a catch! 
ah spotted it.... My 100th Tweet.. so proud 
Dude, I love My Chemical Romance. 
@NeeCee75 Hey I gotta! My aunt had a lumpectomy a few yrs ago! And since NKs shirts don't quite fit, I got those at Torrid! 
OOO! My 2nd Phineas sketch looks WAY better!  i'm getting so much better at this! 
@joeymcintyre Is he eating a chicken nugget?? My son loves em too! SO Cute 
@BeShirtHappy  My pleasure! Anytime! 
@The_Reaper My girl is so talented :'D *proud smile* @ImGaySoWhat 
@nehsai I'm really glad for you!!! My babe still at home, but he is absolutely OK now  Thank you, hunn!
@Yahtzee27 My sister's husband looks alittle like him, in the face. Oh, and he is tall like him too! 
Don't  forget to join My Cum Eaters Twibe.  It's just for cream pie eaters and cum slurpers.   via http://twib.es/7V1
@Diabeticizme Hehe! My crazy mind (with diabetes) sometimes. I figured it would be better than cussing... 
@jordanknight Some girls do have all the luck............Well    June 26th, Tinley Park......My turn baby......I'm actin a goddamn fool!!!
@ElkaBr My day was ok,little boring but ok.Yeah,twitter had some problems the last days.It sucks!Ops 
Annnnnnd Prince is on Leno, haha! My mom's freakin out right now 
@Tigressdaemon Went for a run, unpacked some more, got my phone fixed and hung out with a friend. My job starts next week 
http://twitpic.com/65z2j - My Dad is in the new T-Mobile commercial... he's the one wielding the hose. 
In need of comforting words of wisdom... Whose willing to share??? 
@ddtdc wait! I just realized you said artomatic! Do u mean the art show near where the Nats play? My friend is showing there! 
@textualoffender Yes! The man of my dreams, on the white horse! Alas! he met me an year too late!! My bad luck!! 
I want a drum set for Christmas.  My parents better say yeah! HAHA.  Needa soundproof the garage though, we have shitty insulation.
@AlexisMarie23 haha it so was. My friend&amp;I looked up chemistry pick up lines as well. Let's just say these nerds get a little durrtay! 
She said I Can Have My Cake and Eat It Too  I Think I Like Her Lol
@Dr_DinaSadik My Mom lived in Pune half the year for 15yrs or so. Just curious if you are on that side of the planet? Our days crossed? 
@faahz @djswivll thx 4 the laughs. I'm going to sleep. My head hurts &amp; my scan is butt crack early. Have fun @championphts 
I'm laying down chewing bubble gum watching Dude Wheres My Car haha 
Oh! It's My HB-Day!!!, Thanks coushi @gabisanchez ! ...i love u so much 
yeppy Egg with me!!  My lovely soft egg is going to stay n my desk and make me company 
@svetz that is probably true. My mom does my laundry and doesn't look at my Flickr account. 
Woohoo! My Hubby is home early today 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm standing in My half demolished Kitchen, Listening to 'Keep on Smilin' and well...Smiling LOL  xx
we arrived in Vancouver! My feline did arrive in one piece lol now I just have to make sure he doesn't eat everything in the motor home 
@Boneezy My pops is in town. Been gone for a year, visiting from Japan for two weeks... Tryna spend time so we can wild n' out Saturday! 
Oh what a day filled with fun! Ill remember to get to a concert early next time! Haha shopping tomorrow! Woot! My day is over  good night.
Ehh? My pictures are in the 'About' section in the Lumen website. Ahaha 
@SaulaSmurf got ur message on utube, added!   My name's Malu  Welcome 2 my twitter  hugs
Decieded To Straighten My Hair 
@hestia_berna !!!!!!!!! Arrrgh! My reputation!! lol!!   
@rogue_code My bad! Sorry 
@laura_murph Your a sickooo! Aha.. But i watch SATC re-runs all the time!  xx
Okay now lets try a twit pic  Will it work??.................My Office garden : http://twitpic.com/669f5
@paulocoelho Nice to know you, Sir. My friends are admiring you and your works. 
