Most common words for this cluster:
[('na', 3546), ('gon', 2179), ('im', 624), ('u', 331), ('miss', 319), ('ta', 311), ('lol', 305), ('get', 198), ('work', 133), ('tomorrow', 132), ('oh', 130), ('haha', 108)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'ya', 0.8030993938446045), (u'cyaan', 0.7880454659461975), (u'imma', 0.7853839993476868), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.7759265899658203), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.7707418203353882), (u'yuu', 0.7553293108940125), (u'wid_dem', 0.7533842921257019), (u'wut', 0.7519888877868652), (u'Mi_nuh', 0.7493406534194946), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7490452527999878)]





omg i've an economics test. and i dont know all the things i have to know and omg im gonna fail 
@greggrunberg hey you said matt was gonna go all ballistic... i was disappointed  good ep tho mostly
@moony394 yeah  is it bcoz kal penn is a visiting lecturer somewhere n cant be on the show anymore? im gonna miss him 
@dra6on now I am sad cos u r sad 
is listening to an awesome song but i dnt no the name but i wanna upload it on limewire!!!!! 
on the coach  gonna be fun!
@j_xx is the white guy manager there? the one that shouts when you walk in?  I wanna go back and feast!
@moony394 it must be because i slash their characters  sighhh gonna go sleep and dream happy things about kutner
dropped one of the earbuds of my sennheiser in my tea  i really hope its gonna work again :'(
@triplejsr the new eminem single, &quot;we made you&quot; it's got zero plays on aftermath's myspace,  i wanna hear it soo bad
@NuJurzyBoricua I wanna go back home and go to bed.  lol whatcha workin out today?
its morning. way too early. way too little sleep. really dragging myself to the gym, and I don't have my mp3 player. this is gonna suck. 
i'm at work... and i'm sad cause it's gonna rain when i take off... 
finished ma pasta  gotta get on and do my homework now..grrr
@chandarenee yo,yo.... hope your well, haven't seen ya'll in a minute 
I'm so bored  But its sunny for once but i can tell its gonna rain 
i need a pick me up. probably should be tackling cardio right now. like that's gonna happen... 
just gotten out of bed, I hope I start feeling some life in the old girl soon, gonna go and tackle my 16 year olds bedroom in a mo  smell
@OdaRygh *nodnod*   It really boggles my  mind. As Rydra says, most folks this is designed to catch aren't gonna be caught.
@ddlovato hey demi, wen are you and selena gonna do another video? i miss them 
@apriloj oh no! is there any way of getting them after they sell out?! we're only gonna be able yo afford regular tickets 
@nina_oliver lol yea. i really hated that episode last night. and i hated the fake obit online even more. im gonna miss him. 
http://twitpic.com/3i3cv - r yall gonna h8 me 4 this?  
i wanna sleep but dont think its gonna happen so soon with all the loudness of relay 
@redalert0302 thanks...u too....but my friends are taking forever...if they take too long im gonna go to sleep 
I have a competition  I'm gonna look like crap
I hate myself for not doing my homework now!  oh ya, had a pedi today LOL. I want a blackberry!!! (to tweet) ok, I'm not gonna tweet again
I wanna go to the beach, but the rain starts  shit!
now im gonna wait till the jonas brothers update!!...but since they r in the bahamas...they may not update.  
I love you wife gotta hang out soon  wub you
@mrswatts not drunk at all  gonna try again tonight!
he's so sweet. not going out with his friends to sort out things with me. I don't think it's gonna work out though. Too much has happened 
gonna go read out in the sun for a bit  then work at 4:30 
so nervous i think im gonna crap my pants 
hmm, i wonder when my friends are gonna get back... i'm starting to feel lonely 
Oh-uh... my phone gonna ran out of battery soon...  I wanna go home...
@saucepancakes ok listen here!! leave me alone! nobody told me  gosh, i can still laugh. i'm gonna revoke ur brain status u keep bein mean
Ugh. I look like a mental patient. Now my grandma is gonna find out that I'm in the play 
I'm starving. I'm sure dad's gonna come with my dinner only after the match is over. 
@stephsmith I was tearing up, I gotta admit. 
gonna go now feel like shit  bye tweeple
My head is throbbing. Looks like I won't make it out to improv tonight, no ride home. wah wah wah. 
@shinobistalin so snakes are incognito!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that niggah is gonna bite coco 
@drewryanscott lol the 1st one is hilarious..yeah but anyway, enjoy yourself..I'm jealous of all those ppl who are gonna see you guys  lol
i confess. i am never gonna be thin again if keep consuming crap. there i said it. 
is doing journal work  there's no way im gonna have it done for monday &gt;_&gt;
I wanna be at coachella so bad. fuck you: people at coachies. 
mii m0ni I have huge headache!!! 
on my way out with @dollabill07 gonna miss @TheRealMayaJ 
I have so much work to do. its unbeleivable  i feel like am gonna die
Its gonna be a horrible sunday i think,i hate to to think 
@mikasounds  im gonna miss you &lt;3
wanting 2 b with the babe but he's working   he gotta make that paper 4 us tho!
@JBFutureboy when your album is gonna be released? sorry for the bad english  
@tayfan2 when was it on b4? gah. and hey sci fi was low this week on tv.  only chuck and heroes and medium. everything else was mia
@PriscillaJonas http://twitpic.com/3krq4 - yabut then everyones gonna see it . and talk to him  and then he won't reply to me anymore 
@mileycyrus .......i know wat it's like leavin' 'em but yuh don't wanna leave 
my phone is gonna die... no fair 
i really wish i had more alcohol but i dont, so im gonna have to go with water 
@jmewithachance cause i woke up early and i have nothing to do  im watching gay twilight and now im gonna watch xmen 2 ahaha
If only she knew....Thats all I'm gonna say 
@darthcena I'll have to write a tutorial, hee!  I'm sad that it isn't being developed anymore. 
I wanna do some sudoku. shit! 
@ktcabral cause it's hecka moolaa  i hecka wanna to it duuude. what should i say to my mom?
gonna miss aids walk again....boo 
@ryan_andrew haha yesss! i wanna see you tomorrow 
@Triplebeamsheme oh now u wanna tweet with me, 
to @minette95 yes, mayb u'r right, but im 15 and like a 15 yr old girl i really wanna be inlove again, so i wanna find him right now! 
@KeelaLaniece lmao, yeah they are. I need to go to bed too. I gotta be up in 5 hrs 
ohhhh shittttttt please dont say kimis car's gonna go bang 
gonna finally go to sleep--hello almost 4am! 
wer gonna miss you guys when this ends  #asot400
@jessicastrust no problemo, u might wanna tell @PembrokeDave u said I'm nice, He's horrid 2 me, &amp; @dean_cummings who I'm ALWAYS nice 2! 
finaly done and showered. gonna go to sleep. my bro's home, might me fired  im saddened by this fact
i wanna work there 2 but they say there not hiering  .. well im goin 2 bed now
@webbie wat typ of fights my xams r near so i can come onl9 2 much  so wanna knw..!
@figgybean yeah it concerned me a little cause as you say he seems annoyed - i've gotta go out too but don't wanna leave twitter 
i wanna be in U.S.A   it's sooo wunderful, germany is boring  dont cha?   work on my own song and i hope i'll get it to become fameous
@JacobLovie haha same  i gotta whole assessment to do   how gay is that?
lol. i got the bg from createblog.com. i was gonna make a victorian lay to match the georgia font but i can't find any 
@tiaralynn lol. i got the bg from createblog.com. i was gonna make a victorian lay to match the georgia font but i can't find any 
typical sun gonna come out now i`m going to work....bah 
ohh and hell begins tomorrow... again. i dont wanna goooo 
god i'm tired  really fed up too, theres nothing to do back to school on tuesday really dont wanna go back but then again its boring here
Getting ready to go into work  Imma miss that place!
@MidnightHare yeh thats a recurring suggestion  lol but i wanna play!
@cafflo You know what to do when you feel sleepy. But you're gonna need your sleep today tho, so dont do that. 
@TysonJayRitter dunno wats time it is for u but hope ya hadda gewd day, hhmm can u say somefin random ta  cheer me up wen ya tweet nxt ? 
eer... so much stuff to do and I just wanna sleep the whole freakin day and forget all about it 
gonna have to study for some upcoming tests  see you guys later!!
@figgybean @Karabella74 I wanna party with her too!  sucks to live so far...
Is sad her laptop got stepped on... now it's gonna take a bajillion dollars to fix 
My stomach keeps doing some sort of cha-cha-cha dance. I miss you so much already 
have to have my laptop all cleaned and shit coz the viruses  dno how long its gonna take
@simoncurtis  i wanna be there so bad! I love that place even tho ive nvr been! Ive been to san diego &amp; i luvd it. So warm &amp; eventful!
im already starting to get a bit sad that its all gonna be over in a couple of hours  #asot400
@SelectedTweets it's gonna take more then me to find him...I need help  I'm leaving the blog up..but I need to figure out how to spread it
new episode of hannah montana tonight and im gonna watch it yayy, cant wait!!! but still wish i could hang out with my friends 
im thinkin tht i dont  wanna go back to school 
ok  this laptop is gonna diee on mee  I need to save it!!
i just wanna sleep in like tommy--- ugh, too bad! 
Family in texas and missin the kiddies!!  working 7days gonna keep me busy then friday put cowboy hat and shoes (j/k) in san antonio
@hutchy11 pub work  lol please go yu no yu want to really haha
@musicality89 I KNOWWWWW!! Imma buy another one though 
back from church. having to memorize this creed is gonna killl me   wanna be shopping with tay and her momma
@therealsavannah I think ur amazing i watch all your you tube videos, shame i am never gonna meet you, cuz i likr in da uk  soundddx ly
has a headache and is gonna try to get some sleep 
@selenagomez i wanna see it! but i have to wait till it comes out in argentina  xoxo seel!
@voodoo35 I don't think he's gonna do a chat  it's gettin too late now
@RocWithFort I think ima let him take his time. cuz soon he gonna be walkin on his own...and walkin to skool  I'm not ready yet
ohhh myyy goodness i wanna cut my toe off. i donno why it hurts so bad 
When is this sore throat gonna go away 
@scottrmcgrew i know  im gonna go cry myself to sleep now 
well im gonna go to sleep now cuz my head hella hurts 
is sick of the monotany of life!!!! theres gotta be more 
@MariahCarey v proud of u! gotta keep in shape ey? it hurts but DAYEM is it worth it! i have wog genes so i have 2 gym a lot 2  waaa!!
Waiting for daddy o at lin contro in the cold 
gonna go offline soon.and frens!y dun i ever catch u guys online?? 
@ponyy nah, i think you better come kill them for me, they arn't here yet, i don't even know if they are coming baha i hope not !? 
gonna do coursework now 
I know im gonna end up regretting going to school feeling this terrible. 
haha lol actually i gotta go down the village 2 buy a prezzie 4 liz!! lol nd i also gotta clean me rabbit out!! god we got skl 2moz!! 
feelin alil sicky   gonna relax a bit then hit the gymmmm!
@Jakishoegirl yeahh i really want a donnie one he is by far my fave,your friend is soooooo lucky..i really wanna meet them! 
@mileycyrus your coming to london wednesday YAY im coming thee to and really wanna meet you and demi so much i didnt get tickets  xx
My phone keeps turning off randomly... I'm scared its gonna stop working 
just woke up, gunna have to go soon  i dun wanna get to school
bought a dress, no shoes though  gonna hang out in the sun now, hoping to get a bit tan!
@thelostdot i stuck it into the freezer before i last left town so it's gonna hafta be in some non-fresh form- so salad isnt possible 
Going for a run without my ipod... i cant believe i lost it! This is gonna be the worst run ever! 
i've been to the doctor's and now i have to study maths  later im gonna go to the doctor's again, damn -.-
boohooooo.. i have a test 2moro..got to read biology. idk anything about birds  .. so.gotta.go.now. bye.  &lt;3
i gotta off now. saddening i tell ya.  i miss onlining sooo bad!!
@dharshana it has to be okies else my manager is gonna kick me.. 
ma phone is no sendin ta twitter?!  it makes for some very sad
@nicholasbraun that's so cool! but i doubt it's gonna air here in the Philippines. 
@MTVindia na na, hez gonna become nxt uday chopra..............err whateva he becomes bhugatna to hume hi padega  
@tai927 can you please send us the link over for the video of rove on youtube i wanna show my mum lmao, and i cant find it 
@TerrenceJ106 lol i was just gonna say you shouldnt have mentioned it now someone is gonna tell you who won. lol 
stop using twitter cus shadi dont wanna respond to me 
@crystalrosales true .. but man.. (almost pouting) i dont wanna deal with that ish no mo crys!  i jus want a cool baby boo thats bout it
is cheesed off with computer's cpu running @  100% all the time   me feels a reinstaalltion is gonna be needed - PANTS
@Jonasbrothers Hey How are you guys can get tickets to see you in london but no-one will come with me  and i really wanna come msg back xx
@marlakalaw i'm srsly gonna cry though.  um, not too late.. i have until.. like.. 7:30, 8 max. i kinda feel bad for my mum.
@chadominic hey fool. don't you ever miss me anymore?  miss you forrest. yabang ka na. *sniff*
@heysophhay i havent dared check my bankaccount yet. its gonna be horrid i know it. @rachaelcrowe i cant believe you cant make it...noooo 
hahaha if i'm not working i'll def be there!  if i'm working late i'm gonna have to pass. 
@NKOTBLVR its gonna depend on how i am feeling.. i think i may have an ear infection now 
texting. u wanna txt. hit me up on dierect message(get the digitz) going to sleep soon. thinking wat else to write. missing gabbi n kathy 
@MandyyJirouxx nice (: im not gonna be there though 
@LouFCD http://twitpic.com/4bxrx - hey...i know that garden!!! gonna miss it too 
otay twitloves i must go  &amp; i probly wont be back on til later tomorrow D: im gonna miss so much  *long sighh* have a good saturday!&lt;3
@iloveyou45 I forgot my camera  faillll. gonna rely on flickr and youtube to relive it (:
Oh how I lovely boyfriend to bad he's gone  Imma get some chocolate chapstick then go he.
@steffy213 taylor's a hottie.. i met him in 6thgrade LOL. ahhh i reallyreallyreally wanna go tomorrow 
@EssenceATL dang dont nobody wanna c movies w/ ya  lol..
shattered!!! sway sway in melbourne sold out!! im gonna cry... people take forever to 'want' to go then its too late 
@Shaantastic its ugly outside tmrw.. raining.. it was like this last yr, we thought it was gonna rain 
@groton hahah maybe... i really wanna see them 
@steffy213 for suree. ah its already like..almost 12. gotta get up at 6  so i think ima sleep. GOODNIGHT! hopefully see u tomorrow! &lt;3
bored out of my fucking gourd. im gonna be a geek and say &quot;i miss school&quot; ! 
@BQBrat What am I gonna do without my onehitterrrr??  hows a sista pposed to smoke all sly wit it?
hurry up bitches!! Its 12:45, I wanna go home 
gonna watch the man u match and gna laze abwt soo triedd relee hurt my leg at futy last nitee 
miss joey  i think im gonna go watch get smart now. my mom wants me to watch it really bad, hopefully i dont fall asleep.
is still wondering what to wear tomorrow. going to study japanese soon coz yea wanna get my grades up plzzz  ehhh to 50%....
wondering what the hell is gonna happen next???!!! 
i'm gonna do da end-test semester &gt;&quot;&lt; da longest week i'll pass ...omg, damn it...i totally tired ( imu mb  wanna go wt ya 
all of m songs have been removed from my windows media player! :| its gonna take YEARS for it to put em back on :| all my play counts 
im gonna bounce cause i have no one to talk to  have a nice night. xx
need to revise like a motherbitch til 2.30 wen i have to go to town then work 
finally home buh gotta go ta werk at 8  damn
@MirkleyJo  i cant make it to the tour   they wont send the tickets on short notice cos they might not arrive on time  so im gonna have
@TrueLive keepin me awake...that ur not gonna hit port macquarie (but you will do coffs?) on found lost tour  will have 2 trek 2 newcastle
@DkW_2023 just tell me if ur gonna play. 
sweet. bosses boss is checking our shit  im gonna be a nervous wreck!
gonna have to start labelling my food so that dad doesn't eat it. thief 
gonna start some c/w now 
I'm just gonna lie in bed all day and be miserable cos the audizzle are in newcastle and I'm not haha 
@Galiiit haha. alrighty. i wanna go spectrum now!  sad i dont have my ps.
gonna be old on monday. 
my tummy is saying RAWR but i don't wanna roll outta bed 
In bed DREADING goin up to the school for my last final!!! this shit is gonna b hard tho 
@KeepinUpWKris  love watchin you on the shwo... and super jealous of the derby,,i wanna wear a big hat 
2 saturdays in a row too..that majorly sucks  but I'm determined so..gotta get ta feelin better!
I still want to know how people who r laid off w no insurance is gonna pay for treatment if necessary   #swineflu
@tommertron Seriously! I've already read about seven articles saying it's gonna get the chop... 
@thehoosiersuk i miss you guys  when are you gonna`come back up to newcastle to see good old me? i'll bring cakes again lol love, lor xxxx
@AnnaStarship i know!  thats why i wanna see you a lot before i leave. and amethyst
Enjoying an iced coffee... gonna have to start drinking less of them though 
I want to come back up for your graduation and aarons party but i dont think its gonna happen. I have to find a second job asap 
omg i love himm&lt; 3 but now he's gone and i'm all alonee  anyone knows a sad song? i wanna be emo for a week  please? 
@forkynikki pero hassle eh. kramming everything, due na sa monday. ugh. 
the dance was so fun! im gonna miss sarah 
today is gonna suck. 
I miss prom  W/bubba though, cozy at home and gonna eat breakfast.
@ClaireRx me too  claire we gotta do something..im sick of this..its becomin routine sitting in on a saturday ha
@JessMcFlyxxx i know, sat night tv is crap, wish I could see mcfly tonight, its all gonna be over so quickly  I get distracted easily :s x
@ShantiSaha ugh now I feel retarted, and jayz is gonna be at tao and diddy is gona be vegas too fight nights are so fun  oh well
yo its amd nice out and i gotta stay in the house 
tireddd as fuck. full of crappy junk food.  thankfully gonna spend the night with the bestieee.
@tommcfly i just wanna say that you were such an idiot when you didnt say a word about the fletcher day! i still love you, but im sad 
@sdc_2006 girl, i know! we're gonna miss u 
This is gonna be a long nite...wish I was in pr with my family  rip giovanni....
bussyy doing ma science thingo ughh 
hai evewyone, mama had to kick me off for a bit but now she say i gotta log off and come get in da bed   #pawpawty
Just hot hit in the head with a battery may be goin to the hospital this is ooodeee trash  niggas wanna throw  shit out windows use trash
says i kinda miss my old schoolmates   http://plurk.com/p/ri0ok
@pauliniunia kay,i poseted it.i cant post any news now because in 10 minuts im gonna have to get off the cumputer 
daym...for the past few days I can't go to sleep for some reason...feels like I'm on some good shyt..blah! I wanna sleep 
im bored.. just watched gossip girl. the ep where they're gonna bury bart.. etc... nd i cried when blair told chuck that she loves him... 
@marialola85 I miss T.O too  im gonna eat all the twizzlers..... :S
@maryvangils  i can't sleep augh. gonna try now.
@Laurenandhearts @nieshaaa getting 2 more teeth taken out....no idea how im gonna eat 2morrow... 
@staa_  No prooblem.  . I have also to stdy a lot, this is gonna be a mounth with exams to study for,  for mee 2. 
@TheFirstSight We're gonna miss you moree!! 
@brent007 yeah I know and the carpet and bed is soaked. This has used a tone of electricity already, gonna chew it more with the heater 
the vid is gonna be like 6 minutes long   sry about the length
bugger! Have to stay and do some extra work, so gonna miss wolverine complytely. 
@chi_bui awww chi b yay but no matty!  hope gig is awesome such a shame i'm not there, missing out!
@KristenjStewart @RobPattinson_hey rob y kris! i just wanna say that youre the most important to me in the world. i love you so much!!! 
@KristenjStewart @RobPattinson_ hey rob y kris! i just wanna say that youre the most important to me in the world. i love you so much!!! 
@KristenjStewart @RobPattinson_ hey rob y kris! i just wanna say that youre the most important to me in the world. i love you so much!!! 
feels like I'm being tested...and I really want to pass the test  I want things back to the way they were and I wanna know its gonna be ok
@thet1m  i dont ever wanna see that. hopefully peanut eats them all lol
have to say goodbye to my dog now. I wish he had died normally and peacefully, instead of slowly suffocating. gonna miss him so much 
gotta work on hw. 
@mallorygallery im soo tired but couldn't sleep late  do you wanna study for me??
yeah I hate getting up but we gotta help move 
@LukeBroadlick yeah!!!! the first leg is almost over!!!!  bu,bu,bu
lol i didn't realize that game was gonna fuck me over like that. lol.  scaryyyy berryyyyy.
Now I only have a tv  and im gonna be taking  That down soon
im gonna miss the bikes being in trees, going out every weekend, being with my sisters, my best friend being so close  im gonna miss p ...
@Spitphyre @shaktijs atleast kal tak ruko yaar, am too tired today 
@whodatbe I feel ya   This is gonna be a nasty week.  But after this, it will be overrrr! 
@bex85 whooaa... i want star too.. do you have facebook?i really wanna see  i really wanna get some tatoo since 5year ago lol
@megannmaccx33 im gonna be away for warped  lol
@taffylonglegs Imma be late too 
@WeeStuff_xo aye you do talk about it a lot lol think im gonna go to sleep soon since ive actually got uni 
@mrs_boyce no  i think im gonna have to contact twitter about it
just coughed up some swine flu... gonna go quarentine myself 
@jfinik fabulous. ahh i just realized ur not gonna be in astro tomorrow  boooo! how is/was the lawgov studying?
@KimKardashian im at work and im gonna miss it 
still studying lines  goodnight all you tweeters out there&lt;3 gonna be a great weekkk!
body sore, tummy full, soooo sleeepy....dont wanna drop him off &amp; go to bed alone 
im gonna go2 bed as soon as t is show goes off im sooo tried  gotta make the donuts n tha morning
gonna try to study for my finals..again..and I've enlisted the help of my lil sis to shame me into studying..this is the only way I can 
My battery Is gonna croak and I domt have my charger with me 
im just gonna cry now 
my eyes hurt from reading  gonna watch tv and resume.
still sick as shit, but im downloading a shit load of music and gonna watch star wars. hopefully that cures me 
@kidnoble uh-huh. NOW you wanna show me some love. 
@ensetsu im crushed  lol, im probably gonna be busy  these next couple weeks, just wanted to cause &quot;drama&quot;
fcuk the hw..more homies just came over. bouta rewatch the fight. ughhh, I don't wanna leave!!   
@d0opeb0ii kinda sortaaa.. its gonna bee like this until thursday tho,  im so ready for it to be ovaaaa!
@yomcat gonna have to be a no from me sorry - i dont have the cash atm. 
i have no idea how im gonna stay up to study for this  so tired!
if i dont get out this car &amp; walk upstair im def. gonna be sleepin the parking lot! 
Still awake!!!  work's gonna suck tomorroww
dont wanna play netball 
@bill_archie  Haha yeah! aww the next part's gonna be pretty sad 
im gonna be up allll night  damn my procrastination!
no hospital is gonna save you from a broken heart 
I have so many song ideas that I feel like my mind is gonna explode!.. I can't even write a song! There's just 2 much going on 
yeeaaaa typical bank holiday monday in blighty - it's a gonna rain! for a change...still gonna get me treader out and get wet whoop whoop 
@makauk bugger.  well let me know as soon as you find out, otherwise im gonna be on a big mission to find someone else. :s
@kim_halliday ima record it. I have tons of work 
just strained my back taking my shoes off.  How is that even possible? *grimaces* ow ow ow ow ow 
having dinner. ga eul's so pretty  they should have gave gaeul and yijung a happier ending. like getting engaged or stuff haha
On my way 2 pick da car up, this shit gon cost me  , but its all good, been designing since da early morning ! Its baking!
tweettweet morning twitters fell out my bed I ant gonna say y right now gettin ready and bumping jayz -dead presidents y?? ..ha  rain
underbelly final, should b good, gonna go watch it then sleep ready for skool 2morrow 
@dark_jayy aww yuck  well im gonna hit the sack now. happy assignmenting (: see you tomorrow?
im sik of stupid skool n the stupid bloddy people especially the people who supposely r spose 2 b mi frendz  i wanna cry
@ManOhhhMan well we don't have live anymore  we're stealing internet cuz we don't wanna pay for it. before we moved we played L4D online
think im having cramps  its gonna b a long week
ahh im gonna go to bed and sleep wats left of star wars day  sigh
My head is hurting. It seems that my brain has throbbed to a ginormous size and is gonna explode. 
going to bed minimual work completed this wkend .. gonna be a long wk  .. still sick
feelin booored........i m missin a celebz!!!! i wanna meet them any way\!!!! 
@lynseybutterfly yeh it was the factn that she couldnt get me there  she said im gonna get something Taylorfied tho hehe
@deejaykue   u get a promo of eminem or wht ? lol... i thought the release date was 5/19/2009... i wanna hear 
idk what to write. i wanna post something on my blog 
@jimijamz hmm.. so what you gonna do? aaaaa i have no idea 
@ram0na lmao, welcome to &quot;the hop&quot; 
so it looks like its gonna be me and my kleenex box tonight...still sick 
Going on in 5 min not a whole lot of peeps here  oh well still gonna rock it
@NEEFFRESH damn it u always gotta rock the most  expensive shoes neef i hate u!! what are me and @CHIOMA_  gonna do now 
Oh no my cell is about to die! Imma die when it does 
@flickinASHES me &amp; crys headed to strikez tonight to drink. :-| too bad u ain't comin 
i'm starved in the co and nothin is open that will deliver to me... i don wanna cook.. this sucks  someone bring me food plz
@planet_mars94 I don't know.  I don't wanna be, but at the same time, I really don't give a damn, ya know?
owwie. why the hell is my head hurting  gonna work out a 9.30/10 and then go shower. heh heh.
@stephenluver13 ya but im tired so im gonna get off soon 
Alarm didnt go off.. gonna have to taxi it to work now  hate taxis
I have no idea how to comfort mi abuela 
juz wanna say..say..happy mother's day! to my mom.. she's in toronto,canada right now.. 
 this key board doesnt have keys for volume D: im gonna have to use the mouse and do it the hard way! lmfao.
ughh o my dang i feel like im gonna throw up! 
@jpdabest i remember them days. but i gotta quit cause im gonna be goin to job corp 
guess im not gonna be able to make to make anybody a mother tonight. 
never realized how much mango juice I dropped onto the newspaper. pop is gonna have a fit when he gets home! 
i gotta somehow make 31 dollars last me for the rest of the month...    not sure how im gonna do that exactly...
i think im gonna be sick,,, GGRROOOOAAAANNNNNNNnnnnnnnn   D: \
@_dappy_ i aint goin  bt i bet ur act wil b da one evri1 goes home singin and sayin its ace! x
i have to do myy maths hw  screw commerce lol then im gonna watch master chef
@purplepups idk it's 3rd quarter, but by the looks of it i really don't think we're gonna win 
@jesszlatos oh. thats great! im gonna go to paris next week. hehe. oh...thats sad.  try to cheer in cruise. lol
back from rye  now skool tomz..gonna b a crap week :Z
gonna go do my history essay. im screwwwwwed 
since i am up already, gonna get some shit done around the house. I have fast food hangover. 
ohh sleeping in 1 hour gotta stay up 
@simppu 2 hours ago  hey I found some good movies ! when we're gonna watch them ? pirates of the caribbean 2 I wanna see the ending toooo.
 I wanna get crunk with randoms again. Just not as bad. Lol
@robsteadman aww sorry to hear that hun  aww wat a good age x
@jason_mraz now that the tours done are you guys gonna be tweeting less? 
massa gotta settle for 5th now or else gonna loose more points 
@shawnee_dj yeh  bad times 
5 followers  i wanna be a singer thats my dream
Heeeeeeeey! I'm doing homeworks and later i'm gonna study  .   bye twitterss!
Leaving huntsville    gonna miss my best friend but proud of her for graduating    -J-
 im gonna miss all of the peeps in the play smgt!!!
@miamii i wear mine to bed though hah, i don't wanna look like a proper bristolian man wearing it out 
sooo yeah... g2g 4 a little while! gonna play some games &amp; then do a ton of homework! 
 dont wanna go to school, even though i've had a week off, i have my french module 2 which ima fail.
: awww i sleep na! kasi i cant upload my camp pixies i left my camera downstairs aww  http://plurk.com/p/sy7m6
I guess I need to start gettin ready...  But I don't wanna... -sniff-
sry. for mi out burst..i wish jeydon was younger 
 darn i just found out im getting one of my tooth pulled out tomorrow, its gonna hurt so bad im guessing.((
@Artistjgray eh that food was ok, im gonna miss cheese doodles 
Just to let you guys know im gonna be like jennie red tomorrow 
@lyssen you see where yo mind is! wanna help a elderly lady 
my biggest fear is the doctors,ever since being in hospital for 2 weeks im scared im gonna be in there again :/ uggh i dnt wanna go 
Night all gonna go to bed and watch a movie missin my fiance 
@alexxpiinksz demi's coming to nokie theater and im gonna be out of town, well its sad 
@KComer why right wen I was gonna retweet mah twitter said I was tweeting 2 often 
sooo im up and out! out with my peeps. i can tell its gonna be a early night. wishing i was caked up instead 
goodnight&amp;goodbyee ;D see ya tomorrow,,I don't wanna go to school  ,,I don't have other option u.U
i still wanna watch spacejam why dont i have it on dvd 
gonna grab a snack then go to sleep, im going to need all the energy i can muster up to fight off the mondays 
@k_zulu maybe, but i don't think anybody's gonna give me a dollar lol sounds fun, but nobody really cares about my laptop woes 
@kandi3gurl05 better, but I cant go back to school for a while, so im gonna miss the trip 
tired n cranky aka bratty but gotta wait for two loads of laundry to be dried.  i juss wanna snuggle n ko alreg ughhh
@elainexin oh. i kinda cried too! i want to know if shes gonna be okayy! 
people are soo mean. i mean if your gonna talk about me dont look at me to make it obvious 
what happened to my ringtone! i gotta make it tomarroow then i guess 
gonna try to get some shut eye! hopefully my throat gets better! 
I just killed wilbert  were gonna bury him next to sushi
@rillamrilla mmm, ill have a look. i dont wanna have to wait for it to accumulate on ebay..i want it now! 
Imma miss my buddy luke 
I wanna hear I need love by ll cool j because I need love 
Going to bed gotta wrk early 
tomorrows my last soc lecture im gonna miss that class 
@DancerAsh It REALLY is! It's doing too much and if this wind doesn't calm down, my big ass umbrella is gonna embarrass me tomorrow 
gonna fail this geol exam 
@DavidArchie hey,, i wanna watch youre concert..,but tickets are not available anymore.. 
@endsiny  dont think im gonna make it
I don't want anyone to go home!!! This is gonna be sooooo sad! 
Oh hellllll naw! How the power gonna cut back on then cut right back off! I just got played! Lol 
hi  ta3bana i have a stomach ache
Boredd @ mi casa..   couldn't go to  college night wed at tha clubb  damnit....
@brookehaskins notts is cold,wet &amp; dull... Hopfully gonna book a holiday soon,wanna go back 2 vegas but it's too long flight 4 hemi 
found dana's gi! but now i have to wash two complete ones  drying is gonna be a pain in the ass.  thats what i get for being forgetful
@alithered77 well when you put it that way.... That's gonna be hard to do!!! 
@justESMEE omg did you get it back??? what did you get? i dont wanna get mine back  im so scared.
@antonymcfeat that's what I'm worried about  I don't think ill be walking home either now pml haha gonna try n it get it done as soon asxx
@xbllygbsn health kick, an im never gonna put on weight again! hate it &gt; &lt;. oooh you do ? :$ how come 
Now I can't sleep and the messed up part is I'm prob gonna wake up at 9 like I always do 
mmmmm im enjoying this drink so much!! but im gonna waste it and go to bed 
hates it that i miss the sis episode knina. nagguest  pa man din si archu ko.  http://plurk.com/p/tqe11
confused abt a lot of stuff rite nw but gonna go 2 skool anyways an try 2 have a good day 
listening to placebo always makes me realise how much i miss my ashtray girl. gonna listen to asteroids galaxy tour instead 
spain is cool i goin there in september but the only thing is i am gonna miss your bithday sam 
My shoe broke. I don't know what to do... I want ma mamma 
@dirtyrottengoss haha well mel's wrkn all day 2moro so no  oh well hav fun ay lol n yeah rub it in lol
gettin ready for work, don't really wanna go 
as today off and is home alone  coz gary is a gay boi and didnt wanna come to colchester!
is today off and is home alone  coz gary is a gay boi and didnt wanna come to colchester!
hopes everything will be fine  .. sana ok lang xa .. (goodluck) http://plurk.com/p/trtwp
It's gonna thunder storm on me. 
feeling like shit, i wanna be in his arms again 
@faroo7ixoxo Awww my bibi :***** I'm gonna miss you like hell 
is jealous kim gets to see aerosmith! 
depressed. have to tidy my room  gonna take ages x
got them crispy dogs for lunch =D tha later tha lunch tha faster tha day goes by...wish i was layin next to my love right now 
thinks its gonna be a long ass weekend and it hasn't even started yet. 
@Lovinmindy yah gonna have to cause my battery is dying 
ok parents bac from wedding &amp; of course instant fighting  i want it 2 stop. gonna listen 2 my ipod &amp; wait 4 majo 2 come on... i NEED her!
@terrellowens81 u r so silly - 81 is the lucky number - guess im never gonna get my autograph  &quot;sad face&quot;) in your book - mayb one day
Ugh, I gotta finish packin! 
@Mickystarship rofl you're so random. [borat] ye but i wanna go but idk.  not bothered any more.
you'll never know what you got till it's gone.  &lt;/3 i'm signing off, gonna text my updates. later guys!
I feel that the deja vu is gonna present itself soon enough 
@azrillunatic: @xmellyssax ooo tu bkn problem tweetdeck, tu sbb internet connection u slow, i dok kerap jadik.. : ye ke? ok. now i know 
@RiskyBusinessMB wish u guys were gonna be in vegas next weekend 
@yaykimo awh, im sorry  now its gonna be like that for us!
damn, i was gonna do a video tonite...but my camera is in the car  lol yes, i was gonna make a vid at 10:30 xD
I got yelled at today by ehh hem the jooce man because I stopped tweeting  I have a major headache omjesus gonna eat a knock outttt
@CristinaStJohn so tru!! not even frank or lutz  sad times maybe tina is gonna surprise us nxt season?
@licokitty ugh gonna be long nite  he cant get mad @ me...he lost $500 ***** tears.
great. 29th bday is gonna suck. 
@Rectah i am a fan! dont make me feel so bad!  i made a promise and i gotta keep it! AND its not gonna be the last game of the season!
@charlessuarez whaaaat? frat party ba ung in-organize mo? 
yey finally my teeth was pull out but it's gonna be hurt for three days 
@tazblue yeaaah,im gonna miss you too taz 
gonna have to do it 2moz. i have to write a resume 1st and finish my science thingo 
Sqished in the back of the car wit 2 kids so worried bout the dress and gonna be watchin madagasga 2 woo not 
so i didnt really go to sleep  was really insomniac and now i have to go to college :s very tireeeeeed dunno how am gonna drive
aaaaaaaaaa si sipit manghilang entah kemana dan tak ada kabar beritanya  its heart sick yeah
says , &quot;having him half-way (actually wala pang half) is worse than not having him at all...&quot;  *sigh* http://plurk.com/p/uassv
Wow finally found free wifi. Currently in tsim sa chui. Everythings so expensive. 
Oh yeah its becoz I'm sick and I really can't think well  oh I wanna go home
i am jealous of @micahyourface right now. she`s gonna meet the djs of magic !  mojo flirted with her bro. )))))))))))))))))))))
Still infected and this finger feels like its gonna fall off real talk 
@TravisKing it kills you  which i don't wanna think about. what happens if you die from smoking? I go all emo-depressed kid.
@burntfilm but, I was gonna say it was a cool stage    OK, I was gonna say wtf is up with the balklands ... but, eh
want to calm down but cant! omg! dont wanna write bio abi tomorrow 
beaten by the skybox again! gonna have to call engineer! 
Does it wanna piss it down ne harder?!  x
In paddington on the train waiting for it to move back to bristol  gonna b packed by the looks of things glad I got here 1st lol
@chibi_danideath helloo wuu2 i have to finfish my short story today  i cant be bothered writing :L but its gonna be awesomee xoxo
@wideeyedbrowns aw your leaving soon  what am I gonna do with out ya.
prison break ended (( posible for season 5? im gonna missed it  im so heartsadness now (
ah, lin dan vs park sung hwan game is too predictable... no fun watching it 
alas buri bala hai, sunday wasted coz of aalas, now i can't go anywhere out of town 
Imma miss my bby dho 
@Sethhs23 - ooooh its so exciting you make me wanna watch it but we dont get it here 
yo ho yo ho... i'm tiiiiiiiiiireeed... 
@SarahCyrus im gonna take a nap now i think..i have a headaache 
goin to costco soon&lt;3 then gotta work on stupid hw  text me please!
studying for my gov't final!!! it's gonna be hell to pass that class 
I have thee worst hangover ever..... gonna go for a dip in the pool see if I can shake it off 
has hanami with japanese class today  is said because maia's not gonna be there 
mmm shower felt so good... but i still dont wanna go to work 
@zainz um sama leish il procrastination? :p miss you terribly 
gonna have to find a church in walking distance since @MissBisonette09 is gone 
@misskpey awwww dnt dis brng bak memoriessss,  I thnk I'm sad. LoL
@alekxtoyhacao i think i'll stick blogger muna, matagal mag-load ng tumblr sa'kin eh  probably when i got faster internet speed
@i_rock_it  im gonna miss all you guys 
@sukino yeah, I'm sure it will be lol.. gonna be hard aswell (no pun intended) but I won't have any food in my fridge/freezer then either 
I didn't wanna wake up from my bed  but I must read this fucking book!
@mizzsilk he always sleeps on my side  I'm just so sad cuz I kno the vet is gonna tell me 2 put him 2 sleep..but he fightin it..
@sarahehall that's the saddest tweet ever  im gonna miss u guys so much!
@dawnieb0 ayt. i won't do this season tho  kaya let me know if you're watching so i can come and we can see each other naman!
brixton boosh seems to have dissapeared, i cant find the tickets or anything  im gonna have to search more.
@officialnjonas sooooooooo exited gotta follow u everywhere wanna backstage passes 
@stevenporto AHHH are you gonna be around tomorrow cause im movin out for good 
 gonna miss jesse mccartney's live stream from kiss concert cuz i have to babysit. figures they dont have internet klfjhadsklfhk fml
is wondering wen this rain is gonna stop 
just woke up. gonna start studying soon 
been out so much...recession can kiss my ass...be workin all summer soon enough, gonna miss limerick and i ws jus settlin bk in 
ahhh critical thinking tomorrow im gonna die.!!! i know nothing 
im horny for caramelised red onion and balsamic vinegar crisps!!! .. but dont wanna get dressed and go to tesco 
@smilne21 hmmmm  lol.. somehow i dont think next weekend is gonna be fun for me! falkirk or ict to get relegated  gers to win  x
@vinalex its shitty when all my gfs are skinnier than me  plus i wanna fit into my size 1 jeans
@opensrcsociety http://writersmarket.com puts together updated info for thousands of sources. No one's gonna do that for free. 
@BrydieW I wanna go out so badly, but I feel so unbelievably crap  (got a damn cold)
Just realized I'm not ready to be outta the house. I wanna go back to bed. 
@XxRochellexX  but ur gonna miss Britneyyyy...ah im sure that will be fun for u tho....hes gonna love ya aint he lol!x
watching zathura  then gonna do some math homework 
Is going to bed, my throat is still on fire  .....No rehearsal 2ma nite
never mind, I'm sad again  this is gonna suckk
I wanna sleep but i cant cuz i have to go to school 
gonna go struggle to fall asleep so that other ppl can sleep 
..shit.. MS is like doubling over with horrible tooth ache!!! I wanna take care of her..   
@linaBOFA mmm! Fck ur life! I was gonna say let's go tmrw 
@yeahitsmewhat yea imma workout to. N then I wanna tan but my meds say I can't b in da sun lik imma a retarded child!!  lol. I need a  ...
ah my beejive free trial license is gonna expire tomm 
This is gonna bring me to my knees... I just want to hold you close to me.... 
is finally all moved to utah.. im gonna miss listenin to mix 93 at work  i'll listen online as much as possible tho!
On my 2 to work....huuuh I thnk I'm gonna hav 2 quit but first I think I need 2 gt my house in order....so 2 speak 
On my way 2 to work....huuuh I thnk I'm gonna hav 2 quit but first I think I need 2 gt my house in order....so 2 speak 
@Moriqua143 had a chik try &amp; sex me real gud like i was gonna change my mind 4 real. i had fun tho lol. then i cut her from the squad 
off to learn some more, i dont wanna learn anymore  oh well, bye!
@Chipmunkartist good luck wiv ur exam hun ur gonna do amazing i follwed the fake u i feel well bad sorry  love from sophie xxx
so i misjudged how big the roundabout was...shame my error of judgement is gonna cost me a new tyre. ouch 
@CabreraNina imyy. youre grounded kasi eh. 
all i really wanna do is just sleep but damn i have to prepare for physics exam tomorrow geez poor me 
i need to get a sticker for my car..gotta replace a few things tho..gonna have to go to the county...   
@VanessaLBH I do but.. wafi's gonna be off somewhere and im gonna be alone  oh poo. and im gonna have to do the housework. dangg
doin wrk i dnt even knw wat 2 doso dead wen da dead line hits man gona kill me.get ready naz..oh and pcd big mistake leaving na man 
theres a hole in ma straw n all the drink jus went over ma laptop - grrreat!! 
Everything hurts  school's gonna be hell.
@kylieeann my ass really hurts its gonna bruised, im gonna have a bruised ass! 
@musicjunkie11 pa help beh. tell people to follow me. luoy ko 
gonna watch texas chainsaw massacre the beginning - i wish i had poporn 
im working with a colleague this afternoon, a bit older than me, hypochondriac, quite moany, easily stressed .  gonna b long afternoon 
ugh i hate letting go its the worst thing ever.i ddnt go to skl im feeling soo ill i feel like im gonna die  argh going to have a yogurt x
awwww..i miss flakes,,,  that was my dog...he crapped n my room whenever he was pissed @ me..lol, yea ,he had ta go! now i wanna walk him 
gonna start job hunting 2day.. iv literally got naff all 2do now im dun wiv uni  gonna b rather bored this wk lol
2nd year of uni over with a shocking essay to top it off! also found out im gonna be an uncle again! and its due near my birthday! 
back @ work  gonna get that money!!!!
@Claireeee09 i am so ill as well. im dying  im gonna finish these rivers by 2, even if that means just scanning the pages. i hate this.
@k4ge good, eurovision 
@xbllygbsn sowwy :$  aye was alright :$ was texting ma auntie which made me cry again :$. william! eaaat ;) lol. ayee am fine, you alright
@nyc_specialist oh, ok well they wanna do it a weekend I'm working so we'll see will have to switch with someone 
mi bf n mi jus broke up so im feelin real down 
ew. school. its waaaaaay too early! i wanna go back to bed. 
hate revision, and stats exam at 5  gonna need all the luck I can possibly get
About to get ready for work  oh well, I think it's gonna go by quick!
heading to take this spanish final... im gonna cheat my ass off!!! if i can...  wish me luck!!
dont wanna learn french but tomorrow is the test! its too difficult anyway... 
i gotta figure out what i need. but we know that we gotta go. say goodbye. 
im gonna have to get up early tomorrow. the thought of that isn't too delightful. 
Fucken stupid teacher wont hand out the finals already! Imma forget everything  ah ah ah
@jmiAudreyHep so much fun with you tonight...gonna miss ur face...  cant wait for ur bday @ciorii duhhh yes please
Next thing you know it's gonna be 2010. 
cruisin on E  gonna learn how to make my own gas soon
i wana cry! dat wuman jst said i luk lyke ma mum wid da spots 
thinkz itz gonna b a looonnnggg 5 days....   @ tHa fiGHt or fliGht staGe... http://loopt.us/8D8H6Q.t
cut my bangs too short!!!  gonna have to pull off a slight side bang look....
@TootsiiePop....so not fair I been askin for a movie date gurl..nobody wanna take me..  guess im washed up..lol
@WinInTheEnd yes..i wanna stop thinkin about it but i cant 
Shit I feel not well cos of this sorethroat  I wanna lay back and drink something cold
@jakeashley i was gonna come see you tonight! can't anymore  devo! xo
@MrSoulja oh so u gonna try and blow me up? 
@drunkenlovee lol she made me do what was done to me oh so long ago  now my karma's gonna be fucked up. FACK!
@gulpanag lucky u maann..my boss has cald me to work even tomoro...n me had made elaborate plans for da weekend bak hom in pune 
The inspirational convo with uncle made me wanna weep weep. ???????. 
@hannah_obrien I only wanna be onit so I can go to L.A and stay there till sound and fury 
what a rubbish day, want to take the wee man out but it looks like its gonna pee down   think we need to go out and hope its ok
@Elliethinks cheers man i hope i do well, and im gonna be all alone till 4 
I really am sad about everyone that is leaving.. im gonna miss them all 
@j0ei oh no. and it's the day before your bday pa  get well soon.
i wanna die (: i hurt like woah! and no meds have worked. 
@FONEJACKER12009 yeah im goood! still in bed like haha, wanna do something fun!, need to start revising for exam in thursday 
@Jackkk_D gonna miss the blazers also  no pockets 
@bkmacdaddy ohh 1 of those days that dnt quite flow as it shld have, got held up, dnt get 2 giv blood  but now its wknd cha cha cha
will ya go pick the papers up for me ? jus dnt have the energy at the mo  ha @mmbopidy
i really wanna get her that ring  why couldnt i be rich
gonna miss the nonchalance of the drum tower quarter 
OUCHH1 yeah..im def gonna have a bruise on my butt now. 
Just woke up, gonna eat pizza for breakfast. Also, i have a dentist appointment so im gonna get checked out early. illl miss band though. 
@ashleigh92 aww baby  im just gonna go make some eggy bread, mmm, haha, i love you xxx
@Satise01 dunno if im gonna go now, cba LOL gonna be another boring weekend. 
So kings has been cancelled  someones gonna burn for that one.....lol
@syamira723  i really wanna watch that, but my dad is watching oprah! 
@ramielemalubay you didnt reply back  well ok ingat po keep safe always...
@DiiLee el shar ma eyeech, wala felling better than theis morning, stell I can't eat any thing I feel like am gonna throw up 
can't revise , whyyy is it raining?, and i miss zii,heathh,raya,rachelle and oh fo fizzle 
the babies are finally asleep! phew!  - well madinah's up but silent so i dont mind ;) urgh! im gonna be a terrible mother!
@DiiLee hahaha, thnk u &amp; ur friends, and am trying to driink and eat now ;D oo I wanna kick u but I can't jsmy mt5adr 
Is reali bumbed dat he aint got no block!!! 
@anthonyshaw1 i watch everything on the net. ive finished every season now.  what am i gonna do with my life! all going down @ bens 2moro?
@OfficialTL hey tay..just wanna ask u...did u delete ur facebook account? 
I am working on a purely fundamental based system just for kicks.Lochcha yeh hai ki, I cant backtest it.  ,and min 5 years of commitment
@sugarghc im gonna miss u so much  its gonna b so boring now..school - study - sleep and little time  pc 
right im gonna go brave the rain ( my poor hair  .... ) to go shoppping =D
gonna clean my house, pray i dont get lost in the playroom!!!!!!! then gonna start workin on nae's party! my baby is gonna be 5 tomorrow 
nothing much just got a twitter~yay~watching t.v but nothing is on  but im gonna watch a movie now  love ua life from me_maddi
my last day @ greece dibz.  im gonna miss my kids so much! im gonna cry. 
its too hot for these Uggs, i'm tired as shit, i'm starvingg, i wanna be napping in my bed. 
Eating an apple, then gonna try to find something else to snack on, I hate being a vegan sometimes  I crave meeeaat.
umm hummm! lol.... I'm exhausted I'm pissed its gonna rain in the south all weekend. everybody decided 2 cancel 
gonna miss my very quiet and ever absent neighbours 
@nikfourpeace ur gonna go?? I was thinking about it n it looks like ile end up going bc I don't have not one party lined up 
bored lookin at picture from the play kinda gonna miss meredith 
just burning stupid windows seven to a dvd, gonna try and install it on my old pc, cos it won't let me use aero on my virtual machine! 
cant believe school is over. it was sad. im gonna miss you all, but bring on the summer [after exams  ]
@ImInLoveWithMJ yeah I'm gonna need it lol, I feel like changing my icon now! 
i am bored as hell.  tmra it is the survival final, Mirit is gonna win anyway :@
am bored as hell.  tmra there is the survival final, Mirit is gonna win anyway :@
ohhh dammnn, i gotta big ketchup stain on my top.. gotta go change now 
omg im soooooo upset wanna go to school 2moz so i can have a hug of ***** he has just left and i already miss him  keep txtin hun miss u
im gonna miss my parents here,because im gonna be traveling next week,ill have to wait till christmas vacation to see them again here.    
Please have mercy on me- I have to do laundry!! I'm pretty sure it's gonna be about 12 loads- and I have a large washing machine 
Why did I buy all this chips n candy from the gas station?? Imma me sick 
@abiFACE aw  im gonna miss ya.. and i won even be home this summer to see u 
@fwmj @disko_d @forever12 oh NOW y'all gonna get together and have brunch 
its so dark i think its gonna rain 
goin to bed. so tired. fun, long day. tomorrow's gonna be so stressful. ugh. im not happy. the ppl off from school already are so lucky! 
I wanna sayyy somethin but I can't bc someones watching me......buttt I feel like this right now ---&gt; 
doesn't wanna go to sleep, cuz then tomorrow will come...and that means work... 
@PanBishop wwoorrdd!!!!! like wtf!!! ugh...i gotta change it den...bbbrrrbbb 
just cleaned ma rumz. got new teefs today and the numbing has JUST worn off. gotta clean mr fish's tank 
..gonna eat at denny's after my bro gets off work =] yay.. haha. i'm sucha fatty 
fuck, just remembered that i would rather stay at school cause im gonna have to study allllllllll night tonight 
says it's s hard where we are  http://plurk.com/p/wha2v
10 o'clock alreggie?  dont wanna go 2 school tmrw but i must. gotta turn in that history paper!! wonder what i missed in biochem today &gt;:o
@naya_sarah r u kidding? thsi heapppps good! ur gonna win! i wana be in the picture 
gonna watch jimmy fallon then go to sleeeeeep...work in the morning 
I gotta finish this egyptian trading card, but its really simple. i wanna go to bed early though...boo hoo for me 
@irrationallogic ohh ok hehe, yikes andito na sya? waaah  me cure ba yun?
@madeofhoney1 i didnt hear wut u said at the end but i dont even wanna ask cuz im just annoying you 
i feel ill  i dont want to go to work and i know we're gonna end up doing stuff tonight when im just gonna wanna sleep!
 we still havent paid may rent=/ we finally got the $$ order tgthr just have 2 send it out. but ive no clue wtf we R gonna do 4 june=/
@queenpooh21 we hittN sumbody klub as soon as u get dat head done even if it gotta b yo spot  lol i needZ dat n ma life rite now
@kellbell68 i hear ya.. i dont wanna work tomorrow, but meh 
@ddlovato demi!!! NOOOOOOOO. how long is the suspense gonna go?! i don't think i can take it... 
ohh how cool hahaha I wanna go 
@heyfranhey aww mann  but about that u walked 2 like the otherside of the world lmao. i was gonna get up &amp; say hi but my ft wdnt let me
is gonna cost $550 to get my lil doggy desexed and have a lump removed from her leg. eeek. where on earth am I gonna find that kind of $? 
@JessicaBobby what? hahaha i just wanna hang out with you guys again.. 
listening to bad habit  im really gonna miss tom
4got fav part of yestrday- meeting the hottest most nicest guy ever...i wanna c him again sooo badly!! least fav- when i had to leave 
I have a funny feeling airport security is gonna f*ck with me! 
our last days of being together as 8th graders  so sad.. but im gonna go eat now, twiiit to you later alligator ! bye xoxo, nicole
@Taigur kai is 100 times worse.i use to talk to a girl in the 909 name kai  and naw ur not as evil as u use 2 be lol. jk
I'm beat i wanna read all the posts from ppl but I'm just really spent  dis is it twittah l8ttah! ;)
kay.  ihave to save the rest of my insence to send to jonfan.  but its so good
wants to take photos.. haaay.. when can i do that kaya??  http://plurk.com/p/wx6zf
@varicool Wish it was a bit earlier. . .im gonna miss it. . . got work tmw 
@shamrox ugh! @harlem_nocturne said you weren't coming or some biz! i gotta work! 
forgot to put the blister plasters on my feet this morning . . . walking goes ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow 
happy its the weekend, but sad coz its gonna be a shit one 
i feel like im gonna haev a baby but i just have to break the seal. it hurts 
@DavidArchie &lt;3 your gonna be the first  twitter ;) cause your amazing lol. come to canada  would do anything to see you perform
@brettyrocks thats what i was thinking but the only time it's gonna be on is 1 am! 
i have a really bad head ache  gonna go to bed i might be back maybe not bye bye
@imjustlalayone  I'm so sorry .. ya gotta let me know! I've been booked all week!
ohh shit i just realized she still not talking to me  it b like dat some times..
my throat hurts  gonna go read and go to bed. text mee!
gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn.. http://tinyurl.com/lk9ag8
gonna dream about my prince charming tonight, n see if everything goes back to normal. I really hope so   &lt;3
I feel sick..like don't wanna get out of bed, be bothered, don't go 2 work, turn da light off, pull da shades n tv off type of sick 
also i hit my chin on something when i fell down and it hurts  ugh... work is gonna suck
@thatlass yeah, it's gonna be rubbish! 
@JBFutureboy lucky kid...i so wanna see loserville  pity im in oz....
i'm so worn out, this week has sped by soo fast. gonna ask mum if we can go to the movies. i'm desperate 
@justin_roe oh well.  I've never seen him do anything before so I'm not gonna say anything.
fo shizzle. . . i'm bored and wanna go do something.  wish i went to pisay today. oh wellz. wonder who were there.
@mikebthatsme ugggh idk how to do that  but i only wanna stop getting texts from twitterr  -ilsE*
@thomasfiss ur gonna be missed you know  but i hope things will be better for you
My paradise fly catchers abandoned their nest....  they are starting again... but it's gonna b tough
yay cheerleading when im sick. its gonna be a fun  night peoples 
@blue_cupcakes that busy wowsa .. okay my pizzas gonna be a while  sorry..
About to go to my last theater lunch  im gonna cry.
@chevale my internet is being a ***** again!!! wtf. i think im gonna sleep afterward. internet is driving me crazyyy! 
is tanning with emily! too bad its prob gonna rain 
pengen nonton Friens of mine comeback show di prost beer house kemang besok.. tapi ga bisaaaaaaaaaa..  
 i'm soooo tired i have to study for all of my subjects ..... history is gonna be SO hard!!!! &gt;.&lt; help me!
gosh im bored. its early..n i wanna go..to sleeeepp why am i at work?  *kay&lt;3*
just got back from my exam... im surely gonna fail...now trying 2 get tickets 4 il divo! someone doesnt want us 2b there!!! 
i think my ipod is sick  it doesn't want to connect to any wi-fi . . .
waiting to go to 4th period to get the final over with. omgg im sooo gonna fail 
@francecino its alright babes &gt;&lt; boo. im gonna leave agaiiiiin 
@AmyMonzon LOL freakinggg I worse a lookse shirt and shorts and sandals and it looks like its gonna rain outside  boo yahoo wearther
gonna have to eat something, I feel so horrid.  I need a hug!
is back from the park and is very sunburnt  cant wait 4 @totallywiredm 2night,and is gonna get smashed..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
ok...so i'm Twittin from my computer...its gonna be bad when i get on my phone.. cause ima be lost like shit 
@AbeerAK woooooow I wanna join the maseera, but on bed rest can't drive  R thy going crazy or its the boring type?
@lauryqui  we're gonna miss you. dont worry, there will be more for sure!
@Lidybeth inooo arent they just  i wanna just go down there now an meet kyle again.. im too obsessed its not fair!
cant decide on wht i wanna do with the rest of my day...i think i may go bk 2 sleep  woe is me! uugghh! lol
@viveknshah kandivali  @100rabh my girls r gonna kill u for that answer! @shaaqt @limeice @unitechy @spitphyre
Going to the courthouse to pay for tags &amp; taxes on all our cars...this is gonna be expensive. 
omg, my right hear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?   not gonna lie, i'm so scared
Thinks its gonna rain 
@davegiumara yeah the weather ruined my plans too  i was gonna beach it up as well
 y must i hve graduation practice...all im gonna is walk
Molly keeps punching me cuz she sees yellow cars. I'm gonna be covered in bruises. I don't like this game 
@NormaBecerra the washer se chingo  ha  ha!! I'm busting my grandma lucia waaaaay back in the early 90's lol
It's gonna suck being the only sober one tonight 
@theNetImp yeah... it's gonna be a long while for me. 
@StylistaMunchee I lluuvv u too..  ahhh im gonna miss u evenn moreee! lol
is actual gonna need a new job and not just want 
@geektoad   Woot! lol  It's gonna be hard to send this one back  
@DavidArchie Haha same!!! But its gonna be awhile til it comes to sweden i think... 
@youulovemee she is good! so gor-juz yea i kno i asked her yesterday when we were at tha hospital if she talked to u and she said no 
i dont wanna do this anymore! but the couch is jus sittin in the middle of the floor. do i really HAVE to finish? 
Going back to my house to pick up some dvds for bapang and pick dito's up but forgot to pick up other dvds for dito, so I have to go back 
@lozzy hahah I wish that was true. This is really really bad  just gonna stay home and chill tonight. And as usual I REALLY wanted to go.
@bardicus i gotta say, i'm a little jealous 
just played like, 5 games of dota hahaha. I wanna go home 
If something doesnt happen around here im gonna fall asleep 
@nzinghashakur for...the...loss. dumbface  ...him, not u. what u up to on the wknd? i wanna seeeeeee ya!
Speedbumps suck when u gotta piss!! 
gonna do laundry....never did laundry @ a hotel before.....I miss you R.....even though you ignore me and don even check on me.... 
yea i'm gonna need to put the blunt down 
@myfabolouslife y u gotta say all that 
@dmbdork had to give him an ultimatum... don't think it's gonna go the way I want, but I had to do it 
@emzyjonas im probs gonna have to wait until it comes out on dvd  x
aw that wee lassie made me cry  tears streamin doon ma face lol thats a wee shame x
ashley tisdale , i mean . cuz shes in berlin on 6th june and i'm not gonna be there . i wanna start cryin right now :/ ashley pick me up 
dont wanna work tonight 
@EmeraldAshlee yea he said brooke's gonna come over to record today!  @CHANiCEDEVONNE!
@harrisonjsmith i need to get tickets though  idk how that is gonna happen
@roxxy89 nah is next week honey ma fault for confusin u 
is off 2 bed. gon force the sandman 2 com do wot he do since it dont look like there's gon be any partyin 2nyt 
sam and sean are teasing me saying they are gonna get wings without me 
@loveeamber @item84jeremy it sucks no matter where you are! I'm gonna freakin be late for work! 
&amp;not gonna lie. it's 60 degrees in here. thanks for leavin me your sweater molly. brrrrr 
OMggg. i just heard someone is gonna die on the new season of the secret life of the american teenager  noooo.
i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!
@marijo008 no he sabido nada de ti, this is making me a bit sad I must say! 
@MalcolmMillion nah i understand you cant cancel i just wanted you to come 
@xxJordanx just stop talking if ur gonna be that mean 
prom's today... i bought a ticket but im not going  cause i dont have a dress, my hairs not done, ect. sucks cause its gonna be awesome..
@jayc1980 @bopsicle called the venue and someone else called - said no tailgating  but we're gonna picnic anyway LOL
@simoncowelI got really sad wen holly started crying   awwww bless
okie gonna tweet more because i am loosing you guys or girls 
@sanchaaaa im sadd sancha  june 18 for me is a fail  its gonna be you and chini ((((((
im really sleepy and i want to go to bed...but its upstairs and its a mess and i know im gonna have to clean it  nooooo
grandma mode I dnt anything I just wanna lay here and watch tv 
@Spidersamm ohh yeahh (: i'm probs gonna be a loner to start with, thanks to the person i was gonna go with be a bitch 
... looks like it's gonna rain 
getting ready to see my cousins graduate.  gonna miss em.
@cyan1234 I gotta leave early again, like 7:20 
@HughHefnerJr uh oh u gonna fire somebody?? 
@PENLDN just got in, gonna go upto bed in a sec, not drunk! I'm disgusted with myself  haha
My saying now  http://bctiny.com/po4me
@selenagomez AWWWW  we're gonna miss you!
at my lil sis 8th grade graduation....i already kno dis is gonna last all my life 
dont wanna cry  but the seniors are out there graduating&amp;its breakin my heart;but im home 
to save my heart I think Imma let go! I can see myself getting hurt with you! 
@FenterZ hahaha your gonna beat me again  LOL at james sahal and his &quot;stunnerbum&quot;
@trellthms what r u doing tonight bro?I wanna go out 
@tobefreeisme I would be scratching ma head toooo 
im missing my love soooo much.. sometimes i just dont wanna let her leave 
@ShaChouu  AND yo im mad i missed the launch party   dnt 4get june 14th tho now that we in contact again, its gonna be funn
ugh nearly 2am  chelsea gonna get battered by everton 2moro  hopefully lol
YES  and remeber me of the novel :'( im gonna cry. 
am atrociously late for training. floorball captain's gonna hate me even more 
finished college forever  gonna miss everyone, depression kicking in  
@kay2seksi nothin much just tryin to plan a trip 2 cali but dont nobody wanna go  hows summer goin so far ?
Malllllllll... its gonna suck 
UGH!! im scared for monday...my parents are probably gonna take my laptop because of my math test they're gonna see... 
@NolaChiChi yeah well the boo saw that on bootleg. i wanna see it too 
anddddd today's gonna be my last fill of protein drink  im going to miss  it 8D
@nathantamayo WTF u gonna do? I'm so sorry. I'm crying. I made a commitment and have to break it. 
@lauraserrato hey tell julez...its only gonna be me and her for the spin class...lena has to work 
damn migraine came back. gonna lay down for a lil while.  
Desicion made. I'm not ging  *weeps*. but I'm gonna work on the new vids (whatever they may be) in halifax *sly grin crosses face*
gotta get up early 2morrow 4 wrk ughh!!!!! 
i gotta go play zomg with my daughter ..  i don't wanna ... see yas later
@SupBreaux meh, headed home now.. gonna rock some tacos with a coworker.  @quahog_convo - not sure if i'll make it out  long day
I wanted to go out so bad, but looks like im gonna be stuck at home 
so glad i'm a crybaby. never gonna see half of you again, ever. 
@KhloeKardashian will it live on website or something??? I wanna listen but I'm in boston 
ughh!!! i just lost a pair of DnG glasses, im gonna cry!!!! 
@allisonweiss duuude  *huggles* haters gonna hate, they suck
phone is fucked. its on crack. gonna send it in for repairs on monday. sooo lame 
i have no wine  and no other liquor and amanda isnt here nor beth...this isnt gonna be very exciting! #LOFNOTC
Nvm  shes sleeping lol. hmm porbly just gonna watch it by myself...
Has people over I very much dislike grrr go away there gonna b here 4ever not cool 
@B_Smeezy aww smeezy its raining out and its gonna rain 2mrw 
@KhloeKardashian I'm trying to listen to it on Y100.com but only music is playing  I really wanna listen
@selenagomez when does your album come out seriously im gonna die if it doesnt! 
and harley lol wilders tonite wanna goto getaway plan 
@say2vj hv a good time bud...i m gonna miss it..no registration 
@kay_pee mine tooooooooo 
chillin with aaaaaaAAARIEL  leaves tomorrow  gonna need a hug
@johnlegend UGH. if u tweet that one mo' gin I may have to boycott you. Its gonna hurt me tho 
As it's gonna start raining again, bummer 
eek. stickam is not letting me chat with mi amigas 
oh man... im going to sleep soon... its only 9:22! i guess im gonna be an old person again this summer  bleh!
Awww I just remembered i'm missing sierra's 21st  I wanna go drunk camping with everyone but too bad I live in ef... http://bit.ly/1aaqRI
I wanna see a good horror movie. tryna find a good one is like tryna find ur phone wen it's on silent. 
Heading to twins right now its gonna be crazyyyy ( I wish smh  )
graduation tommorrow and i don't know why they grad song is &quot;i'm not gonna cry&quot; because i know everyone is going to cry including me 
bout to head out on d town n charlotte. gonna be a lonely nite yall 
im actually gonna miss sarah 
seriously breaking out like fuck now  i don't wanna face the world
@ddlovato i'm so happy 4 u &amp; sel!! i can't wait 4 both of ur albums they r gonna be beyond amazing!!  if only my dreams would come true 
gonna have a long day 2moro dealin with my father in laws wife 
valley fair tomorrow!!!!! last parade/ concert for ms marching band... im gonna miss that...  a lot 
gonna go to bed, feel really sick 
@clowe_121889 Thats wats up, I wanna go so bad, someone lied to me n told me they got me tickets, got me all hyped up fa nothing 
Lalee is going crazy... She simply doesn't want to go to sleep. I think it's gonna be a long Night... 
Arite ppl goodnite! gonna try and digest that Nuggets loss 
leaving the casa for the weekend woooo! im gonna miss my crazy family 
need to save up for this sexaii $70 dress... gosh! like im ever gonna get that money, with grace's farewell coming up 
gonna be tired for work...boo 
@RodTasco LOL its a plan then!!! i got lazy gonna go ahead and cop my tix on the net 
@ShiYonShi uhh   i dont wanna..  im watching movies and eating chips and dip... its the weekend
damn i have to go to bed so im gonna have to catch up on your silly saturday pics tommorow 
@infamousink its looking good. I'm taking her to the tat conv. next week cus porks not gonna make it 
Its just that i'm scared in whatever's gonna happen. 
I know this is gonna sound bad but I have rug burns on my knees from work 
ok actually I don't wanna work in the garden, but if I don't my dad's gonna kill me.. idk what to do 
 dancin todayyy , dont wanna , and its lush weather in flippin wales, and im spending it inside :'(
feeling really sick like ugh I feel like im gonna die..  this suxz!!
crap.. im gonna be friggin roating today :/ not very cool i think !  there BETTER NOT be any wasps ANYWHERE ! 
i feel you. oh god im gonna be in zombie mode in the morning! 
@chicagos_threat i feel you. oh god im gonna be in zombie mode in the morning! 
im worrying, i need to do so much revision  its gonna have to be done tomorrow i reckon :|
totally luvin the sun1  gonna miss the final 2nite 
morningg! its gorgeous outside, gonna learn some history essays 
@twilightfairy ohh... can i plzzzz... come over?? i also wanna shoot badly.. 
my battery is gonna die!! noooo!! *cries* 
saying goodbye is bittersweet im gonna miss my big sis for the summer 
I'm tired as hell...I just wanna crawl back 2 my bed 
@dannygokey i wanna know what airline ur taking bc i dont want to use them. so sry they lost ur stuff again 
just woke up feeling sooo ill  want to make a video to replace last nights one, but dont now if im gonna now  
sooo gutted im not gonna be on twitter for the bgt hype  works a let down.. jordan gina lo and lauren r gonna have to live without me haha
i ate too much chilli food... feel like im gonna puke ........... 
on utube again hehe! im lookin forward 2 bali in july... but at the same time i REALLY dont wanna go coz of swine flu! 
i'm so sad  i'm going to miss these people .. this is gonna be the last tim he gets me a donut .. love u Tes
@kx3u awww i wish i can cook for you  i gotta talk to ya
omg i know aye sam, unbelieveable, how am i gonna study for my geo test 
@sugarghc haha xD aa imlookin at them too ^^ waaaaaaaaaaa ..new moon's gonna be rly sad  i cant bear watching them break up! :'(
@ddlovato eww my nose is so stuffed that ecerythome my head is like upsidedown it feels like it's gonna explode 
@ddlovato eww my nose is so stuffed that everytime my head is like upside down it feels like it's gonna explode 
fuck! I dont wanna work 
Canadian relatives....thats all I'm gonna say.  
found long lost paddling pool !!! gonna pump up noww  why it just do itslelf oh well ... huh poo huh ppo. huh pooo LOL ( breathing )
@BakaDaruku get peeps to vote it up, it's still really quite underscored  dunno if it's gonna be printeed yet man!
talkin to peeps but dont wanna got to bed cos im not tired but i have to work tomorrow   
Is very deep and hurt i told a friend about something i hated and yet they continued to do it i think im gonna go and cry myself to sleep 
tweety bird needs to shut the fuck up or Imma go out there and smack the shit outta it! 
(@youdontknowmel) tweety bird needs to shut the fuck up or Imma go out there and smack the shit outta it! 
@seaquest18 its jus' bday party nga tonight eh.. dad wont even drop me off 
@thrixzie_08 hey bunso. give me updates dun sa guy mo ah. ;p haha. i hope payagan ako tomorrow! 
45 mins to cook and eat steak and get to work...hmmm not gonna happen. 
everton (yn) gonna miss bgt (n) and dreading german speaking 
need. sleep. not gonna get any for at least another 15 hrs 
@tommcfly Why do u just reply when ppl say bad things to u?  I just wanna know if u received my present.. http://twitpic.com/5v1sq *cry*
i will try to be careful but im a lil nervous..im gonna miss u tonight dani dj...first weekend i 3 months that we wont be together 
omg im gonna be sick i just sprayed a load of perfume in my mouth eeeww 
@ktsummer where u goin??? I wanna go on a plane somewhere 
@caidalica that would be cool. haha. i don't think mama g is gonna come this time 
so gonna have a major spn marathon today... to make up for the fact that im poor and will never afford a convention pass for j2! 
ugh I lost ALL my wigits on my blog  gonna take a while to update it
@christianaty i know it sucks  ... whats up u gon party with us wen i get back from chicago?
ok, seriously, sooo tired! wish my bloody foot would stop hurting!  gonna try n sleep again.... wish me luck.  xx
@AnjelusX don't kick, your gonna make twitter cry 
last show tonite boo hoo  me sad  am gonna miss my fellow cast mates so much 
@bmdakin warwick uni. got my hardest exam on wed.  im gonna fail
wondering whether the heat is gonna dry up or stay humid cos its ****ing up my hair 
Bitch lol i wanna see a shit load of movies with you two 
@petewentz i wanna get an octodrive like crazy!!!! but you know what, i can't. 
@Snakob21 yup work on weekends are always a bummer!!!  u gonna kick some ass in bowling tonite??
lmao....power rangers though...still as fake as ever!...i dont wanna go to work   its too nice out
gonna be all alone tonite   I want my girl to come by
so hot outside im getting burnt  damn me for not tanning sucks but hey wat ya gonna do x
goodbye sims2. im gonna miss you 
learned labour essay, well most of it! i just cant get the first paragraph in my head =/ gonna move onto suffragettes 
...last night was legendary! im gonna miss kailee sooo much 
@KimilovesJB  tiredd  and u ? and wha's your favourite song of the new record?
I think the little bastards got me sic...I am gonna try to  walk it off  
@chi_yeah  hope your gonna be ok!!!! xxxxxxxxxxx
@mitchelmusso i wanna come see you today but i cant  fuck. i love you &lt;33333
@jazazmine omgg yess(: im gonna miss jason wimp and all the other seniors to dance with tho 
gonna eat my favorite!! maui chicken!! yay!! missing rach already too 
gonna turn my laptop off. it's screaming in anger at me 
@iViva im gonna change to endearing- and makes me miss my nan 
@topa hee hee, I knew it but I always had &quot;hope&quot;. But I hate the fact that every phone in locked 
@typicaldoll what do u think about me? i just cant live without you in friday ,and in the phone talkss everyday !  i thinhk im gonna cry
#bgt their ok but their not gonna win 
pool party??? not sure yet... mom where r u????? i need my clothes now!!!! or thy r gonna leave me 
@LaurennTaylorr awww i wish you were going tooo  but your still gonna have an awesome high school with annie!!!
gonna miss my girl sarah  ....but im stoked for gabby's party! woop woop!
Oooowweee* weather is undecided wearing a dress I know its gonna rain on my hand painted victorias from spain 
On way bak 2 atl. I wanna do eros tonight but imma b tired 
@raavenpando yeah I'm in san diego now. I wanna go back. I've called like 8 times. I'll go bk on monday I guess  I'm sooo angry.
@mechazoidal yay/darn. All the season ticket holders are coming along so I'm just gonna have to find you afore and after the bout. 
@cookiestars i had a bag of chips my mum bought me, i wasnt gonna eat 'em but i couldnt resist  im so weak hahaha
i wanna watch ur vid but i cant now. im tweeting from the phone &amp; i t doesn't let  me  @HerLadyRavenSky
the was not there..wtf..wanna see her on friday..but it'll cost so much..just 4 an autog. mhh dont know what 2 do 
miss T. was not there..wtf..wanna see her on friday..but it'll cost so much..just 4 an autog. mhh dont know what 2 do 
@J1000000 oh god you're gonna have so much wine there. They will give you pitchers of the stuff. I wanna go back 
@jdotill haha yah I do .. 4 to 11 .. gonna go in a lil early to return stuff. yessss I need medddds! I'm so sick 
@tommcfly Why do u just reply when ppl say bad things to u?  I just wanna know if u received my present.. http://twitpic.com/5v1sq *cry*
@infectedsoul and gained 0 xp    Now I wanna start playin WoW again and ruin my life.
is thiking this work aint gonna doo itself  xx
@ginny9577 it was worth the try...the family isn't letting me have ANY chocolate  gonna rebel
@mummytips i left my keys in the front door and someone swiped them  I've got a reference # from police now! gonna ring back monday!
police have given me a criime ref number, gonna ring back monday if keys still missing and they'll report it as theft!  joy oh joys!!
omg i woke up &amp; felt like i was gonna pass out in tha shower...&amp; to top it off my hands feel like i have a serious case of arthritis WTF? 
@titalacuabnita what wha wha wha wha? :'( boohoooooooo. I'm so jealous. what did he say to her?  cryingg
twitter is makin' me mad now! it won't delete my current pic because I wanna replace it w/ a new 1. 
@amethystgurl07 and iam sure she's gonna regret it someday.. And it's gonna be too late because nick is gonna find someone's else  too sad
@cooper1226: i was gonna come back but then i changed my mind! I'm sorry  ily
At mates wedding party got me wondering when im gonna meet my future husband.some people have all the luck 
Hey I'm just gonna find another ride there because I'm running crazy late. 
@ the mall shopping for my outfit 2nite...I really need a nap, but doesn't look like that's gonna happen 
leavin work to take rome to the airport, cant believe hes not gonna be here all summer 
nxt week is gonna be all big bro chatter.  can't wait.
@tommcfly Why do u just reply when ppl say bad things to u?  I just wanna know if u received my present.. http://twitpic.com/5v1sq *cry*
I wanna watch hairspray... Havta do a guard of honor wit d scouts tomorrow its gunna b so sad  i feel so sorry for orlaith and ellen
@amymisabella it aint gonna happen  send everyone my loveeee! Ahh jesussss!
I wanna go to fort wayne next weekend and stalk taylor swift. Too bad the concerts sold out 
gonna snuggle up and watch live at the apollo. but it's too warrrrrrrrrm 
i actually feel like im gonna die from this heat 
Thinks that he is unreal but has no chance  I wanna go out but i feel like crap so im gonna rest and get better for next saturday Wooop!!
just left downtownn! the fieldtrip was sooo fun! last one of the yearr ): i'm sure gonna miss PALs! 
And I hate when I really wanna talk to somebody and can't...little ol me gets sad 
as bad as i wanna go, im not bout to play $200 and im not even gon be able to see her good... guess ill catch the next one. 
So I have a feeling the end of this night is gonna suck 3 people at lagoon is bound to mean riding shit alone again 
is gonna get into bed and read a bit of breaking dawn, then fall asleep - why don't guys like edward cullen really excist? it's not fair 
@JLSOfficial aww bless n aww i wanna c da pic 
@herlilblackbook yeah u can but it's gonna be more expensive if you do! 
gonna miss britains got talent  so want julian smiths album
@eXquireNukkah i wanna put a pic in the back tho, its not lettin me 
@MrsMcflyGrimmy il try hun..just for you! I wont be on this tomorow  X
@followpeterpan yup buuut I live in cowtown so unless u wanna drive 2 ft worth...we won't b watchin tha game 2gether again 
@Dinowells aw I have already beem in one. I'm really upset I can't go to this 1 bc its gonna be on mtv2 
@selenagomez Awww  you're gonna be fine. sel, i love you hope this makes u feel a lill better,! (:
I left my cell charger at home  gonna have to turn it off when we get there
@meldraythecool  thats sick bout ur course and good u know where u wanna go .... uum two yrs til i can be a full teacher  hows your w.e.?
i want my baby here  i miss him soo much, im gonna cry.
I wish I was coldhearted and emotionless cuz this is really painful. I wanna go home 
It looks like cavs gonna get blown out too 
im gonna watch a movie with @nikki1282 and @brianfischer i missed hanging with them so much 
wanna donate to the katrina's conference fund: 100 people;$3 each. please =\ LOL. *wah im going crazy.. desperatee modee 
@emmarossx aye n am pure dyin the noo  ma eyes are sore n a keep sneezi n
@Buttahbrown I'm still authentic lol Heyyyy bff... umm u r gonna kill me but your # disappeared from my phone 
@NILANTI I'm never gonna meet you! This must be a sign   btw holla if u need some couseling
holidaaayy is coming..niaa, felii..gonna miss you guys 
merlin is a funny show...i have maths exam this week  gay gay gay must studdy gonna fail D:
yo guys im gonna be offline until i can fix my router.  ttyl
im sorry cavs...but its gonna be lakers vs magic  give up now!!
 i wish i didnt eat my icccecream soo fast 
:: not gonna let tha cavs ruin my nite  but I'm def not watchin tha finals this year! ::.
I need a hug  I wish somehow someone could let me know that everything is gonna be alright
I'm about to go out to a party. It sucks cuz I'm really sleepy and hungry. I don't wanna go 
I can't sleep... I think I should stop twittering... I hate when I can't sleep because tomorrow im gonna be sad... And i won't.. 
i hate finals so much, im gonna explode. i hate studying and i did so bad for this last quarter 
@Kurtles21 I miss you  love your @kelseycarbones and @dressedtok1ll's
 I don't think my frenchie is gonna win!
http://twitpic.com/6b9ph - waaah, me gonna miss you this summer my best friendddddddd 
just woke up... yeah i did wake up but i wanna go back to bed.. but it's like 12 noon, my mom wont allow me.. 
So changin mi cell phone means that it wont let me twitter from my fone oMG wat m i gonna do now 
mmm... to tired to have fun tonight   I thing I gonna go to my bed...nite everyone peace
feels rly sick. gonna lay down for a while  http://plurk.com/p/xb2uz
@annaWHY Imma bout to be out   gotta get some ZZzzzz....
The dogs destroyed my ottoman, now all I have left is the chair, it's gonna be pretty bare in my new place for a while 
@2juiiced but we went to hookah last thursday. guess we're not gonna be seeing you much anymore 
@softenthesmoke whoa whats going on? you know my email if you wanna talk 
i think im gonna cry, where is the love? 
i hope its gonna make U notice someone lime ME  :'(
@lana_leigh i miss kaylah and chrissssy  it's just kinda hitting me where not gonna see them again untill were like old.
maybe if i say my prayers and pray to god to that everything will go great tomorrow because im scared  now im gonna try and get sleep
@mangopickle good. here at my mothers. shes watching some ghost shit and im clutching my pearls. my neice baby stig doesnt wanna sreep 
@selenagomez do u noe da release date 4 ur album or ne single yet?? plz respond... im so eager 4 ur album! so sad its pushed back 
...cooked all the way. &quot;hope you don't get sick,&quot; says mom. ha ha ha ha fkej;w whatever. 
feelin like im gonna die. That probably wouldnt be half bad right now actually...   ~*~meg~*~
yu havent met ne1 that misses their bae til yu've met me!! because i really miss my bae.. 
@VanessaZavala thats cool but wait were gonna miss my birthday thing? 
i'm so pooped. work sucked  &amp;my feet hurrrrrt! im gonna shower and knock the fuck out, hahaha.
dammit music died!  i wanna jerk! haha
excited about vegas....but i'm getting sick  hope i get better real soon! gonna hit the hay early...zzzz
@rosaliiinda I ain't been up to much, working on a mixtape...gonna need somewhere to record, but my pc is down so I can't send any beats 
back from church and lunch, tired now, gonna lay in my bed, that guitar sale was a croc, i was so stoked about it at first but shit! 
my son's frog got outta the tank &amp; jumped in the pool 2day... we got him out, but i dont think the lil dude'z gonna make it. 
I hate to think what my health care is gonna cost me when it is free 
sleeping. tomorrow im gonna be at a baby birthday party.. i forgot all about it 
I'm tired .. going to bed .. church tomorrow  .. gonna be weird though .. without all these peeps including him .. 
@mel1ssar0se good night M... i miss you! 
@abcdefglynis  ya tmr gotta return to shithole again. lol
im thinking this guy is gonna get irritated with me quickly ...   
@poetic_violence I dnt wanna touch him  he's yuccy n he smells bad... lmao
On my way to go camping...its gonna be a long ass drive and i had no naps to boost me up 
hay!so many parties to attend.anu beh?!i cant multitask.afraid im gonna miss the church service today.  http://plurk.com/p/xciaj
@stephtheripper im gonna fail for sure! lol i know nothing 
got an exam tomorrow  my last one........ im gonna do so bad!
@mac_chic sooooo scary!!!! I wish I didn't read this cause now I'm gonna be scared going home 
@jab_baller wala ngang proven these past few days eh 
@saabmagalona I can't make it, doll, I have a family thing, we're gonna bring our dog na to be put to sleep 
@ruchirfalodiya lunch was ok  and studies.. i dont understand where i mised my efforts.. wen i revise its like ye to aata hai  :S
gonna leave this place -- iiith --  
gonna change my clothes now xD and I have to study a lot for school 
@johnnyjacob awesome.. thanks a lot dude!! You rock ;) But you gotta tell me how you did it. I don't wanna get stuck at that stage again 
ow, i rolled of ma parents bed yesterday and landed on ma hip and i now have a huge bruse n i cnt touch it cause it hurts heaps  
@B0NiiTA aww looks like ya gon miss it 
@bglodde be careful, the po-po is out with a vengeance. I got my ticket already for the year.... 
Would like to enjoy the sunshine, but cant cos i've gotta go to work 
@staaceeyy nah cos thatl be rude as.  &amp; i gotta get from zee airport and then to the airport when i leave.. and i wort beable to, hahah
@staaceeyy nah cos thatl be rude as.  &amp; i gotta get from zee airport and then to the airport when i leave.. and i won beable to, hahah
watchin tele in her new bedroom on er new bed happy as a clam i surpose bt am in ouse on ma own all day  x
oh I'm gonna kill that guy for making me sad 
@anythingpotato crappy love thingy... sumasabay pa sa ulan! di ba lalung nakaka-depress?  will make kwento tomorrow! i need a power hug!!
@vickymoontree i haven't got a glass big enough anyway    fuck knows what i'm gonna do!
@rvosial 300gb of pics?! Wow that's gonna take a loooong time 
feels like im gonna throw up  that part food was evil &gt;=[
this is it....its gonna be a while 'til my next tweet..goodbye. *sob* 
finally at my hotel! 2 hrs of sleep and on my way to the set  grr im gonna be exhausted!
Just dropped da kids off to go to camp....im gonna miss my lil micah 
back home  and very tired. gonna go sleep for a bit.. in my own little bed.. oh how i've missed you..
will be kinda busy na becoz  schools back!!!! http://plurk.com/p/xeb4u
gonna read magazines &amp;&amp; ice my ankle todayy 
@LRon_Jaii nothin planned, aint sittin in the sun don't feel like ja  wanna watch a movie jus duno which one. what you doin?
@dingbatrk okay I'm changing. I'm gonna wear all black ya3ny I'm mourning. 
has gotta do the garden  hate gardenin, Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
still feeling  ...i think im gonna have to go back to the pre-uni me!
is tired...zzzzzzzzzzzzz i wanna be in the sun sooo much 
@iamsuperclaire yeah  gonna be a busy week..claireeeee i just wana whine until i feel shuang lol.
Beach sounds kinda fun but it's gonna rain later.  
@hothusband_01 hahahahah really?thats too bad  next time u gonna relax and win LOL
@SHEz0so0FFiCiAL what tha hell yu had for dinner ? i had leftover panormous 
mama he made it!!! I'm gonna be a blubbery fool all day... :-D... 
My friend added what she called pure caffieene to mu coffee thats not gonna help me sleep  lol
My hand coordination damn bad. omg I'm gonna kill myself now 
waitin for jay to get here then gonna lounge in the sun...until work at 5:30 
@sweetemmaxxx nah,im not going on hol,which is y i wantd 2 do a road trip, but i dont think its gonna happen.no the days stalkin in devon 
@officialnjonas hey nick! what's up? i just wanna know how can i buy a dog tag? cuz i'm from argentina  just that! love u!
Putting together my memory books for my students. Imma miss em! Due to economy I can't be there next year 
still havent got the puppy  didnt sleep well.. gonna go lay back down!
@paku568 omgg i have to tetsuya like every night man  hontoni i have to study. i think im gonna pass away
omg still havent got the puppy  didnt sleep well.. gonna go lay back down!
@astridaml iya nih. Kayaknya ketularan dari anakku.. She's already better than yesterday. N her father's nose still running  thx anyway..
maybe a shower will make me not feel like im gonna die..... 2 shows again 
im so tired i want wanna go to sleep so bad    i wanna be off work so i can sleep before  i move more stuff
@chevale u wanna sleep?  hahahah 'the fats' rock!!!! u know, today, a lil girl showed ugly face to me when we're at the traffic light WTH?
@staciehays i'll catch u later if ur online...gotta start gettin ready 4 work 
Just woke up...what to do?what to do?...oh yea  gotta go to work!!!!eh...
gonna take a walk soon and work on some musicccc. i miss kirby/marley already. 
Couldn't be more upset about nadal. i'm gonna cry  time to pick someone new to go for...
praying that no gonna fail tomorow....  
@LaurissaWilson they are testicles!! haha thats so state!!!! lol i miss u so much!!! next years state is gonna b no fun 
im so tired of being in the army....i wanna go home got damnit 
didnt go 2 church this morning...dnt feel 2 good  but im up studying 4 finals 2moro latin is gonna b hard..&amp; theology  is gonna b ez
How many times is this thing gonna ask me to update.. I don't want to update my g1. 
@MatthewBryan oh, okay.... I dont even wanna use my other account.  idk if i'm gonna be on twitter anymore
i really dont think im gonna get my shirt today 
- dark angel is so cool. its unfair. i'm gonna go cut myself now 
I remember I could not wait for my bday when I was younger....but now that I'm older....I don't want that shit....I wanna be a kid again 
feels like october outside, guess my bucket of frozen margaritas is gonna have to wait 
@youngQ im on a cell phone and don't think I can go to a chat room yall all gonna leave me 
@ola9733 he he, im good thanx ola, cant wait until tomorrow to see what the surprise thingy was, but i still dont wanna go back 
@youngQ u gonna leave me bc I can't chat on my phone I don't think waaaaaaa 
@BabeNatasha im good im good just really hungry  wat u gonna make me?
@monkeyjawell Probably not v.1. Apparently it doesn't behave quite well.  By the way things are going, gonna wait 2010 to buy an ereader.
@1800KatieCat r u still sick, cuz i wanna watch mtv awards with u tonight! plz it dosent air on mah tv! 
@ciaranmoore ima try come in at 9 coz i dont wanna be in all day and mss the sun 
&quot;I'm gonna go to women now, just cuz they help out women now.&quot; Haha, watching juno &amp; coding hw 
its so sad about his bro....................... he has cancer  my &lt;3 goes out to him! this song is gonna make me cry...
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! 5-4 the yankees lost omg im gonna cry! one freakin point 
@coastalcity omg chunderella and ye jin is leaving family outing. 
@officialBN ohh that sucks...it's nice here to but I'm stuck in da house... 
just found out im prolly gonna miss game 1 and 2 of the finals .... 
im gonna go for a bath. i bet my sunburn is gonna sting like a bitch 
@ChiefHava that place looks awesome. If I wanna smoke, gotta hit the porch. 90 degrees right now 
Watching tattoo hwy right now on cable, its soooo sad right now I wanna cry 
okay have to go now. and im gonna see the trailer 2morrow instead... 
@beilaq_sodmq wha happened ? 
burnt my tighs and knees  tomorrow im gonna burn all my maths stuff XD
i wanna see the 'new moon' trailer!  why can't i live in america? lol guess i'll have to youtube it (y) x
I once took this sexy pic of me in the shower. LOL I wanna see it again now but I can't 
Going to bed now i have 3 exams 2moz  wish me luck im gonna need it nite nite x
@tommcfly Why do u just reply when ppl say bad things to u?  I just wanna know if u received my present.. http://twitpic.com/5v1sq *cry*
@unityy oh god, they've changed the control panel along the bottom, and now im gonna have to get used to the new control panel 
Also he bought me a very expensive concert tee I never would have let myself buy. He always knows how to make me smile. gonna miss him 
 i wanna recieve his messages 2 do it for me get on mine bed him and chit and put that i can get his shit you know my email and the pa ...
have my permit test in the morning im so scared that im gonna fail 
thinking if i have to have that lung surgery i'm gonna freak cuz i'm not as brave as i pretend to be. 
@AdrianKNeal wish it was me lol I gotta gym in my apt lmao  ..but hey you gotta stay ripped so you can leak more pics !!!
gonna make cake with @likalisa. i want @AshleeKayy to come and make it with us too but she won't answer our texts 
http://twitpic.com/6d8lo - and this. i could live on that river. oh wait,i kind of did. i lived a block away. haha. i wanna move back 
Imma going bed got school in the morning 
@ifuqinh8pe0ple the stitchin in the strap is comin out....its gonna pop soon 
stupid english homework!  im gonna be up all nigh!! 
&quot;f u just giv me a chanc.1 lst chanc, il prove na ur very special 2me n that i lov u more dan anythin els in ds world&quot; 
s missing his sweet wife... gonna be a lonely week!!   #fb
@madeofhoney1 where going to dinner. i love you. i didnt like how u were mean. bye. if ur gonna be mean then 
@omgrmg i wish my group cared bout r lip sync video  o well im gonna fail lol
awwwww. i wanna go to the mtv awards. im jealous of everyone who gets to go.  it sounds lik sooo much fun !!!
@_SittinqPretti awww  , feel MUCH betta ; buh if yu come to harlem hit me !
and no, i haven't forgotten i need to take my weekly meds  it's gonna be a bit exciting tonight and tomorrow. oh well. cest la vie! bleh..
Sarahs getting a hair cut and its so funny there converation is so funny hahaha and I wanna see mine tomorrow 
@liana_b_nana that wld b so lovely! but i dont have fixins for grilling  im gonna prep early stages for my dishes &amp; cook later in wk.
@shoptilludrop95 im gonna miss you soooooooooooo much too 
@beingnobody gotta be on at least 3 days innit 
@KimKardashian i know i miss itt  is there gonna be another season?
awwww man my sissy @msbellabee gon back home  well she will b back for tha 350picnic
ifeel like im gonna cry . . its all over - everything  im gonna miss O9
WTF??? x17 is off air come ooooooooooooooooon im gonna cry 
its gonna start to rain no more skating for me 
happy note: lauryn hill makes me cream!!! sad note: im so mad dat da game has ended...it's ova...dun...&amp; no new episodes r bein made ahh 
Graduation    but im gonna miss the peeps i wont see next year 
hello! still doing homework.  it looks like its gonna rain. G2G. ; )
 the mtv music awards are live now in the U.S and i wanna watch it  i cant wait till tomorow as its taped live cus it will be edited 
@jordanknight can I join in ur world, if even for 15 minutes... I know my chance and gone.... but why'd cha gotta forget for me?  is2luvu
aww  lauren's last episode of the hills. wonder what it's gonna be like with kristin...wait, i know: chaos. gotta say though, i can't wait
doesn't think before i act, and now i gotta suffer! 
I really need to study im gonna fail!  i cant focus though
when are the beat freaks gonna be in guam? just curious.. it's not like im gonna go.. i cantt 
@KashmereNBT o wow. We gotta talk to them 
I just wanna find a girl thats right for me 
gonna have some sopas. we Portuguese people can cook. well not me so much. 
i feel like my head is gonna burst open and explode.  actually i wish it would....it'd prob feel better 
My lil man and I sharing ear buds bobbing our heads over here, prob gonna have to watch breaking bad when it repeats. 
is really really excited for we love sounds on saturday, but really doesnt want my little bro to go tomorrow morning, im gonna miss him 
Just got done talkin to mi amiga mari on the phone. Tears are still coming i'm really gonna miss her! 
haha saturday wasnt as bad as i thout it was gonna b, but i still dnt hav any clear answers 
@ddlovato im sad!!! i REALLY wanna c 1 of ur concert's when i go 2 nyc, but u arent gonna b there! i live all the way in juneau, ak! 
gonna go to sleep. but my stomach hurts 
@tiffanieANN e3! I don't have a dvr! I'm gonna miss it. D: i don't even have a damn tv! Wtf am i talking about. 
gonna have a nap, then homework  
dang i gotta work at 9 in the morn 
@Rockzilla tee hee can u bring me some??? cannot make any... tis my problem 
@ddlovato im sad!!! i REALLY wanna c 1 of ur concert's when i go 2 nyc, but u arent gonna b there! i live all the way in alaska! 
@NILANTI lol glad ta hear it... wish i coulda been there 
@nakiasmile  whos gonna stay up with me
Luckily i still hv other options  Ahhh gonna work harder since I moved out from family, I'm now living in mk, with my corgi puppy 
@arabsodmg  im in love with that baby ill be home tonite i bet tha guys lik it too they jus don wanna sound homo hahhaa
my ethnography is gonna suck so hard. it's worth 50% of my entire grade. fml 
who's next? im gonna miss my dear fren.. 
aww we're gonna miss you lauren 
@sid88 alrite...i dnt think i'll go 4 the concert....transportation prob too is der...but i wanna go too... 
@dhondhoOni i wanna.. but dnt think my mom wud send mee.. 
@LaurenConrad the very last part the sound was going in and out  gonna miss u lauren!! the show won't be the same w/o you
gotta say loving this weather im all burnt  hate being at work when its so nice out wanna bne in the back garden chilling x
Going to school.... what a hell,I don't wanna wake up 5 o'clock anymore! 
the sun is out and its gonna be hot hot hot....... shame i'm in work 
@CassySong watch it online..its gonna be a good next season..so much drama but sad no lauren 
@gorkilicious don't thank me when we're apart baby... cuz i desperately wanna come over there and drown you in me whenever you do this... 
@lizziebright hahahaa yeah im in the most excited mood coz of it! lol. watching it ova n ova! dont wanna wait 6months for the movie 
@Graciouskisay snake no invite  what u doing dis sunday I wanna go to kojo's ting
gonna go make myself watch tennis now.  i miss you, rafalet
oh god. my head still hurts...i wanna cry 
Byye, now I gotta go hehe 
pretty bored as h*ll. u is not onlinez  http://plurk.com/p/xloid
gotta wake up @ 6 tomoz for xcountry  but i get to do it with the foxy ladies of stc 
gonna head out to the garden soon, for a bit of well earned... revision? 
is sick of bein ill  ..scan tomoro, finally gonna know whats wrong with me!
@JessicaPinup JESSSiCA  i feel so sorry for u and i hope u get better all the best hun stay strongg x love u , tara
dancin shows were so good! gonna miss emma n lauren tho 
@pompeygal No no you've done it now it would need a full scale tropical storm to get you out of his one that aint gonna happen  xx
@kabercrombie  ugh that is so not good, on both counts. im moving house today, dont want to in this bloody heat  gonna be a sweaty betty
@deidrefunk i didnt finish studying for my exam when i get it back and see my mark ur gonna lol also D: 
@carmabella oh no! that's so upsetting! have you told jess yet? *gasp* but but... does that mean you're not gonna be doing it next sem?? 
rafa lost!  feeling sad. gonna miss the pink + yellow clothes terribly.
chating with my friend shes not gonna study in dwcv anymore  im gonna miss her so much
so for some reason im really really super stressed n shit and i dont know why... i just wanna move  mainland somewhere, grrrr
@tmill205 getting ready to meet with attorney  legal probs....but god has full control so its all gonna work out. What cha got planned?
@amandajoyevans UnseenTV. it would've been an awesome gig but i can barely speak chinese so i'm screwed. i wanna do the english part 
@rainyparade omg i know so excited midnight show again im gonna be bummed when edward isnt in most of the movie  but i heard that the
My lil bro is going home today, and i just find out  I'm gonna miss him..
@_amberlovely if only  I really wanna come to see people haha xxxxxxxxx
this migraine just doesn't want to go away...i wanna go home now  plz mr fyfe plz
my sister is gonna watch the hannah montana movie but i cant join her 
Up pretty early , gonna try to sleep but chances r that won't happen 
Now it's gonna get wet &amp; dirty 
nighty night peeps...actually im gonna go watch the hills finale and then sleep so i can get up and do it all again tomorrow 
doin ma coursewrk  which is givin me a headache 
well it's time to go back and study  i hate studying for exams...well wish me luck! gonna tweet on my next break..love ya all! &lt;3
so i guess he jus thought this was suppose to be jus a fling   wish i woulda known it was gonna be like that b4 we started goin together!
@spiller2 nopeeeee. effort of goin sumwhere. its so easy in cork wen u can just get da bus to town! i hate depending on lifts 
@honeythunder  I hope the kitteh is gonna be ok
super boring... gonna find some stuffs to do 
gonna go get ready for college. I have cramps, I really don't wanna go 
Just ordered my desk...it's gonna take 3 WEEKS! AHHH 
I wanted to take my bike to work, but it looks like its gonna rain.. 
@hannahbastow seriouslyyyyyyyyy! omg moonpig.com! her card is gonna suck 
my babys in town but i gotta pull a twelver 
@leesa_up  but it is...I'm gonna find a hot momma out there...it could happen...right? (you know me...yep)
on the way back to dc, wanna see u this week but dnt knw if it will happen 
arghhhh revising but nothing seems to be going into my head  god I hate it !!!! am so gonna fail :'(
@LoneCyruse haha wtf! So u high? Haha jk! Aayy ayy haha I gotta go to work 
@joshuanafi kebaca-baca di laptop aku!!  sorry!! i was THIS close to uploading it just now!!! 
@ashleigh92 same baby  im gonna meet you after school wed ;o i love you xxx
@mileycyrus and we're gonna miss  you guys so muchh.  go make some awesome tv magic for us now &lt;3
Bring my loose change to chase for bills...the banker is gonna hate me. 
omg...i can't believe about to sell my car  ...i'm gonna miss ol'shaquanda :'(...damn...moving across da country is a bitch :-/ :-/
ok peoples its official im gonna go cut my hair now 
My little old lady is gonna be homeless  
@dopestdope my cell phone fell in the drinks bin at the party...  haha, uncle boy said it's gonna be alright tho
@LucasCruikshank ughhh, I wanna go to that signing sooo bad! We're gonna try to go, but it might be sold out already  we have to call haha
@Michey_D i thought it looked kinda...ehhh. prolly gonna be a huge disappointment  I hate her too!!!
gonna go now and do some homework  see ya everyone!
 my lapop is broken gonna have to go on a laptop hunt LOL xxx
@Auchentrae ohhh get u, lady of leisure - u gonna be a lady that lunches - i'm back to work tomoz 
@wtfsteve some hoe called shut up meg just told me to shut up  i'm gonna die now.
in 4th period with my art buddies.gonna miss these suckers so much they don't even know 
this being home alone stuff has gotta stop. soo bored &amp; lonely 
@MrsGrrrg lol i just asked you the same question ;) im gonna fail it, i got like 5 marks in my coursework 
@dianilu whaaaaa?! im sure its gonna get like that here soon 
dude, I don't wanna go back to class 
@Juneya ahhhhhhhhhahahahahah if u do that bruh....its a wrap...ima be n da game all alone 
im gonna miss that halo-halo man in my old school.  the ube on top.yum.
why do i have a sore throat  saturday is gonna be radd  @jazperabellera @stormvincent @abhorredlife @monicatvu @trracy
good day. gonna miss phoebe and rachel so much  just leaving dublin now. deli was closed, intensely hungry. as emmet says, fuck my life :F
@symphnysldr awww man dude we're all gonna miss him, this leaves all your big fans pretty empty we all love ian  &lt;3333
sadface if anything. said two of the worst goodbyes ever today - both ellie and rachel are moving from paris. i'm gonna be so alone now 
urgh dont wanna go to work today  i feel like crap and had a shit night sleep
gettin ma tooth pulled 2morrow ugh it's gonna hurt so bad 
yay chelles updated &quot;and they lived happily&quot; gonna read it before bed...gotta get up at 5am and its almost 12.30am 
ok joke of da day! I have NO voice but I'm singing along to @rontigga cuz I'm tuned in.. close ur ears if u dnt wanna hear lol.....sorry 
@jennaq right?! hella mean how u gonna shoot me and not give me a lollipop  
@tfooq @emmdub @willfrechette You're all gonna hate me, but I can't do that - so f'in much to do with the new place. 
hannah we gotta film da ginger twins but dnt get ko'd lmao bored hannah aint online 
dax (austin's friend) just left.. I swear I feel like I just lost a son  gonna miss the boy..
@janelleee_xoxo i'm gonna miss the next one  i'm sad. oh, and do you watch hannah montana?
wow got a price quote on a kit and its gonna be almost 3k for it inlcuding shipping :S thats too much for a kit 
i feel like im gonna throw up 
@orangy68 i like to be striking!! lol I'm ok...a bit hot.....feels like its gonna be yet another uncomfortable night! 
@nightboyz7 u gonna go to math tmr? probability!! lol i so need help on that 
I just wanna burst out into tears cuz dis shit hurts rele bad 
ya still on the plane they arent gonna let us off anytime soon looks like 
I gotta run up da road real quick but I dunno what to put on 
@kat_brown !!!!!!     lol im gonna die when that movie comes out... i was dying just waiting for the trailer
oh, and this: http://tinyurl.com/lryzlk makes me soo sad  i'm gonna miss ian being in the cab 
Oh man this mtg is gonna run longer then i thought 
i am having a blast at kent! i never wanna come home. but i do miss corey 
i feel pretty ill  think i'm just gonna go 2 bed so, nitey nitezzz! &lt;3
@PourinOutSwaver I don't think ima be able to make it now  I gotta work and I don't have no money lol
@meaganjulie i know tell me about it. its gonna be like 12 before we get back then we have to come home. 
@amsterdamallday ps. I'm a little sad I never gotta see you rock it 
@Dannymcfly i really love ya  i just wanna hold you, and say how much i love you, but i did the best to see you, but its ok ;)
@monica_16 dude my mom made me  cuse she has to go to a feild trip with lizzie I wanna go home tho
nite nite and sweet dreams to all...im gonna go see if i can sleep with sunburn 
tried to do laundry but cant got no soap..... now im nervous my kid is gonna move far far away from me.  lol
laptop died.    nick is gonna try and fix.  I really need to bring my desktop over here.
oh what a shame  but don't worry, i'm sure you're gonna see them soon ;) we are gonna watch them together.. hehe i'm such a dreamer lol
@801chan oh what a shame  but don't worry, i'm sure you're gonna see them! we are gonna watch them together.. hehe i'm such a dreamer lol
Looks like youre gonna be going to sleep early tonight....wish I could make u feel better.....    @Dannigyrl
finals start thursday. ugh! im gonna faaaail! 
@kirstiecat perhaps that explains stadium love  woot uploading shots now, bet flickr uploadr is gonna mess with my upload orders 
@adaggio1 I was over hackney sides earlier but no battery  ... madness im gonna come run up on you with the mpc at some point this week
just arrived @ &quot;inlaws&quot; feel like shit, don't wanna be here 
gonna study one last time the go to sleep. i hate test anxiety  'just dance,gonna be ok'
@UNiQUeLyUNiQU3 naw I'm tired of cutn mi hair I miss mi ponitail 
cant believe my car is gonna end up costing me more than i paid for it if it keeps breaking down like this.. 
i have to study for tomorrow's tests. this is gonna suck... 
@JerZDre , aw poor baby..i see twitter fuckin up on u......we jus gonna hav to live off a memory for now 
@lawreca i went by there but im still sick  i got worster on sunday... my mom didnt wanna drop me off cause i had a fever and a tummy ace
@kylehuff haha sweet deal. im gonna miss you guys though. i wont have a car by the time you leave 
@Jspringer23 aw we all do  smh but wat ya gonna get n2
@spanito i know i miss them tooo  i wanna go swimming,  im dieing of heat stroke
@jessifbaby oh i know right? I'm just gonna go cut myself to some gorillafight now.  \m/
I just wanna give dave a cough drop and let him rest   this is an amazing fucking show though! Wow
@littlegirlwondr did u hit me? my phone was off! damn  battery went dead on mi ta bloooodclot
@globalmdeuce he would sound ruthless fo sho ;) he always kept it real but ya we will never know  he left us too soon
@sceneryispoetry yeah im gonna I just haven't been on the comp just yet and if there is no spots left  sad
I think I will be in cali for july &amp; maybe longer... Depends on the $$..  not that I really wanna be there but I might have to.. Lol
just moved my sister out of the house, im gonna miss my nephew so much, he cried and wanted to go to unthle daves house 
I am outskees gonna catch as many zzzzz's I can before 530am  goodnight beautiful people!! Smooches!!!!
needs to stop loafin &amp; cook this food for mi tia, pero...i don't feel like moving 
mm have a headache..  so shitty. gonna try and sleep now facebook and msn have finally made me tired enough to try and sleep
@k_rockNsoul - I haven't been able to load them up yet because my laptop is busted ...  it's gonna take a while.
@daNanner awww, now im gonna feel weird being dirty with you. 
@JonathanRKnight don't say that jon, gonna make me tear up  but I'm happy &amp; truly feel blessed that I was able to exp...
Planing on sleeping tonight...but i lost my teddy bear so i don't know how well thats gonna turn out..we'll see i guess. 
gonna ask out a girl tomorrow, im so nervous  
@melledesma12 heeey mels! did you watch the mtvma??? its still gonna air june 14 here  but based on who won i think its awesome!!! ;D
@tommcfly Why do u just reply when ppl say bad things to u?  I just wanna know if u received my present.. http://twitpic.com/5v1sq *cry*
But I do get to bunk work on medical grounds - but a fat lot thats gonna do me... I can only lie on bed and stare at the ceiling! 
@CERobinson :-P... yup... sorry  im gonna take a break though for a while... it was a great concert... sorry if it annoyed you
@halamazin 7ayaaati laish ma nimtayyy hahaha you freakin insomniacs!!  I wanna be jobless and sleeping LOL mwwwwwah thanks 7ubbi
@mikig2 It becomes tremendously borrrrring after a while cuz u gotta cook ur own food! Aarrrgh!  (ab theek hai naa! ) =]
uncle bobbys funeral in the am. gonna suuuuuuuuuuuuck. 
@julielinh haha yea me too... im probly gonna end up reading everything in a day tho. im gonna have to sadly 
eww......theres a huge hairy brown spider on the floor of my moms room...i dnt wanna kill it but i dnt wanna leave it there..... 
@johnsonCAB im gonna miss him toooooo  but goodnighttt
idk how to help anymore. maybe youll just have to learn the hard way?... whatever im going 2 bed. drivers ed is gonna be hell tomorrow 
@riffy So u just gon abandon us?? 
@rudystar kay thanks I JUST got home...gonna shower then start the projectoo. @KAYLEEVZ I didn't study english  imma fail! (
Kk hehe...ur I think I'm gonna go 2 bed but I've benn havin a hard time sleepin so I might txt u soonb  
anyone wanna do grocery shopping for me? cuz im sick  and lazy to walk 15min to coles in the rain  
--lol, u ever wanted to write somebody on twitter but u aint wanna seem thirsty then if they dont @reply u gon feel madd driddy  smhhh.
@musewire pity there isn't czech republic...  anyway, gonna see you in germany definitely! &lt;3
@GyrlGoneBAD love you too nelly boo! and im mad i didnt get to see you when u were here  and why u gonna get me? i been good! what i do?
@beccaaa94 baha thanx lol. im gonna die of dehydration now 
Looks like it's gonna be another late-nighter 
@Spidersamm AH yeah , its cold as here  and looks like its gonna rain .. gay as aidss im over winter already
I really need to get my hair cut and dyed. But I'm a cheap asian so I'm gonna cut it myself 
wants to know when @ashsimpsonwentz is gonna start touring 
@jennilind jimmy fallon took over conan's old show, stupid jay leno is gonna have a show on at 10:00pm... 
@jjbaby85 Yay ma jj...i miss u  wen r we gonna hang out? &gt;:o
@maryelleuh aww bb ty  &lt;3 i called but i guess their customer service is closed already so im gonna go to the store tomorrow  i know it
yay aus top model tonight  awww poor shaun madi went last week so he wont wanna watch anymore  hehe
feelin a lil sick  but i know my honey is gonna help me feel better! ;)
well. im gonna go to bed. the ill wake up and say : hey sun, hello..and finally ill study uhmm for my exam ooh 
well. im gonna go to bed. then ill wake up and say : hey sun, hello..and finally ill study uhmm for my exam ooh 
are facebook and friendster blocked in the office???  kanina pa ayaw. ok lang i-block friendster, pero facebook? oh nooooo 
@EmmaEclipse i know its probs gonna be the last season  but it is getting a bit silly in it's old age lol its still the best show ever!
@justerzz AWWWWH. i guess. everyone is gonna think i'm fake tho, now. 
cant log in its mucked up,gonna sit in garden &amp; twit from there,didnt want to wast this week but it looks like it is going to be 
@xLakeEffectKid  what ya gonna do hun?
is going home... I feel weak...  http://plurk.com/p/xu5ma
@download2009 whens the webcam gonna go live ??? just showing a broken image on my pc 
@danielakrocks im gonna be singing , im ok today...really sunburnt tho  not good, u enjoying the sun??
I don't wanna be sick anymore this sucks...  come on i have a holiday!
just woke up starving  ... gonna go downstairs for some grub in a minute :p
doesnt think its gonna happen anymore 
@hamfruitcake  revision sucks :S I'm gonna hate tomorrow :S
ok... it's seriously past my bedtime... finally gonna go hug my pillow for the night... i need a man.    jk
i'm so tired.  this is gonna be so hard w/o you. please dont go.  
noooo, im tired.. i don't wanna go to stoopid ass school 
@rolyseal na nt yet im in skl 2moz il drop it off on way home! Ws gna go yest bt dint hav my card on me  x
@NaomiShadow Haha, great. It's gonna rain when we're there! 
@Bebsterr seriously?! I was just thinking of asking you to bring it tomorrow so I can hijack your music hahaha too bad beh 
off to work. ugh im getting sick  and i have a dentist appointment tomorrow. its gonna suck.
is gettin ready 4 skool!!!!!!!!!!! i really dont wanna go!!!!!! skool need 2 b ovr already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wont b here after skool gonna drop off my bff 2 the airport! shes going away 4 the summer 
@SeriouslyHannah I'll seriously miss you too oh my gosh i want to get more followers and i really still wanna talk to you 
@swfmaster I know man that is the sad part  .... and im not sure if another story gonna be as fun as the old one .
@MattManM7 got to fit some pine doors for me stepdoughter,in this sun,it's gonna kill me 
@johnsonCAB im gonna miss him too!!!  i love u though
not going into work.im sick.like i wanna barf sick.steve's gonna pick me up.oh shit i think the toilet called.it did.i threw up. 
made myself a pancake, wasn't that great  gonna try watch 90210 since i missed all the tv episodes
@jonathan_cruz hwahahah joke lang. don't frown 
can't believe that xbox is gonna get metal gear solid  there goes one of sony's top games only for the playstation
@mrgenius23 I never go raw hun. But the only way to be 100% sure iz to not do it at all...  
@axalis its kind of cloudy and rainy  but it should stop soon, then we're gonna go pairasailing (when ur in the air)
The pussycat dolls is in the zone!!but im not in it -.- gosh!i wanna go to their concerts!!  too late
uppy uppy!!gonna get rdy to take mom to doc...remind me to buy chicken broth! i 4got it yest 
@cakiiebakiie my ethics personal studyy  it's gonna be evilll.
@DaMatrixDWI people are more angry &amp; don't always wanna hear about love &amp; being in luv, sad 
how do u feel if ur bf will go far away but he acts like nothing's gonna happen? don't tell me,cuz' i know the answer.. 
@harsha . . Do u ve any idea when its gonna roll out? I've heard many bad things abt it. 
@marciahoeck sorry, my mom says i can't       she thinks some guy is gonna stalk me or something
really trying to figure out why i dont ha a pic anymore 
hmmmm its gonna be nice out and im going to be at work 
Looks like it's gonna rain 
is extremely sad that shes not gonna see ppl from star anymore or next year. 
In the subway... Where are the real guyz pleaaaz?!They are so slimmyskinnyhairbrushygay. I'm gonna cry 
goodmorning! just took a shower. now gonna have breakfast and some coffee. my cold needs to go away right nowwwww! 
@KimKardashian so was drag me to hell really so bad that u walked out? i was gonna take my girl 
@gpgirl i think that thanks to the sony press conference im gonna buy a psp  assassins creed and gran tourismo come out this year
@DebbieFletcher help us debbie!! we're number 4!#brazillovesmcfly we r gonna miss them loads 
on my way to the eye doctor..not gonna lie im scaredd 
@voolerie i know  its so annoying. i have a feeling im gonna be stuck here all summerr agaiinnnn.
@epiphanygirl 11 more days, sadly, idk if im gonna be able to come see you guys tho, as much as i want to 
it looks like its gonna rain outside 
@maamamisssmiaa I know  I wanted 2 go! but I'm juss gonna use sometime to relax n focus
so f****** bored donno wat ta do 
http://twitpic.com/6hxvx - gonna miss this 
@workoutmommy nope &amp; i didn't hear you call me either   I was actually get GAUC, what have you started, tee hee?
@mrfresh_2def noo oi want one!!! ma old friend use to! n we use to do it every weekend!! uhh i want 1 
Ughhhh I hate that its gonna rain tomorrow cuz I really want to wash my hair  but it doesn't do well in incliment (sp) weather
@alexaherrera haha...i get it!! well w.e remeber u were gonna get married with my eraser!! and thnx for robarmelo! 
waaah i wanna go see the lakers game thursday! 
@nkotb  man im gonna have to wait til tomorrow my computers messed up and i cant see those vid on my phone 
&quot;you just don't know it - jonas brothers&quot; makes me nostalgic. i wanna cry.  fml. missin you already.... &lt;3
Between brimley and accident on frwy getting nowhere fast..sigh...gonna be late to see @ninjabetic 
i feel really very tired and weary... think im gonna be sick 
awwwwwwwwwwwww poor kay i kno how she feelz...i'm goin thru dat ryght now 
@nicolineee hahah i know but i'm gonna miss them 
I'm crazy for u!but u can't see...plz give me a reason for believe in my dream!ok u never gonna understand me... 
no one's gonna cook my food. 
@ColorblindFish I wanna see the new show so bad..so sad im gonna miss it 
#ythefuck i like dem sorty thick girls but neva got one.  ima change dat one day lol
monday night.. nothing to do.. ok...  i think im gonna make more boxes 
@smiffanysmurf i know and pushes the baby head down to be less painful  but he's not ima gonna hve to deal with the pain and punchin him
fucking internet is so slow! i got shit to do! i wanna go to bed 
@lavidp  yea i think i'm only gonna win seattle, losing dodgers 
@ImaMonsta lol nos a bai wak angels and demons ...pero e tawata sold out  ..like ela get sold out with a few poeple in front of us 
&amp;i dont like sad stories so its depressing  haha. anyways so grateful to be alive.!!! gaahh full &amp; relaxxxing. gonna practice 4 audition!
dont wanna go to class on monday. 
what was the point of returning my wallet to the police station if ur gonna take all the shit tat was in there... 
my stomach is gonna burst...bloated + and full  but! was right about the bruno&amp;eminem thing..i knew eminem was just kidding(:
goodnite tweetz! gotta get up at 430 for werk!  
gonna have to leave in a while 
i miss my bff @j0sie911  im gonna meet her at the airport on saturday!
on the bus to mpls... going to costa rica! gonna miss everyone 
@TagAlongTess oh and it's hot well read doctor this time, it's gonna be so much fun talking about my bowel movements with him! 
@niksydbinkeesam- hey i cant believe its almost school  im gonna miss summer
@spencerpratt SPencer why dont u ans ur phone nemore  U said u r gonna keep the no forever 
@jordansgirl81 not yet, you were suppposed to invite them, i have a feeling we're gonna get stood up 
@annanzx oooh yeah! just look at chikay's! ) aww i wanna go back! 
@Ans3k1 amorsito ur sleepin so angelically as ud say right now. my nose is buggin so i cant sleep. i dont wanna wake u 4work in a few  lol
just threw up  gonna be a great exam...
@wintersplash dunno yet chessica. baka pmunta ako ng binondo eh, dentist shit.  will text you though. hw bout u?
20 mins  i really wanna see my mates !
gonna have a shower. i want more texts, still have just 1 left  hot? looks okay.
looks like im gonna have to pull an all nighter 
oh wait gonna get a haircut guess i'll have to watch later 
I have a massive headache but im gonna make the effort and go up to uni, dont know how long ill last though 
@FrankyChaira  im gonna sue you for defamation against my good name. Wow you feel that strongly about that subject :O!
school just finished, at nikkkis. she's leaving for broome tomo lucky she comes home sundaay. gonna miss da bitchhh 
cant decide if im gonna call in sick or drag myself out of bed and go to work... 
still pssd off at ma sky plus... it wis like a virus... first the history channel, noo about half eh ma channels... 
@candydoodles hi laics, sorry wala ko ka chat sa imo.  sorry sorry sorry.  next time nalang. hope ur not mad. D:  bye! tc. ily. (;
@brentisbored aww, brenton! It's gonna be so weird not hearing celeb updates from you at school.  laaaame.
cant be bothered to do my english assignment but have to cause its due tomorrow....its gonna have fail written all over it.... 
@LimeIce i think that might be it...  i cant feel them going...ha- now ur gonna b sick...muhahaahhahaa....in my stomach... 
@msbaraja yea I did today but I haven't listened to it yet  lol r u gonna see them again?
I'm sick  and hungry ;) gonna eat somthing now ;)
gonna do some uni work 
gonna go shower &amp; get dressed now... then revisione! ! ! funnn.. 
ahh ma boss said , u gotta work this weekend 
@vinny_vegas dude, i love you, stealing oneal and syg. I dont wanna wait 4 days to see you guys. 
@melissalouiseee yup sooooon, will pick u up for a change cept you will need double seat-belts..i don't wanna kill you   xx
shit i have to go 2 work soon  don't wanna work in this heat. spesh wen its like 80deg in ma work.
apparently it's gonna rain... will it hurry up.. i'm bloody hot atm.. and i'm in the shade 
@samjmoody ooh we got pe next  gonna sunbathe me thinks lol n were deffo not coming the sats on 24th cos i got no1 to go with or lift  x
hungry......and it's f%%^^%* rainin' here!!!!awww!i wanna go 2 the beach!!!! 
tired tired tired! I donno why I stay up so late whenever I gotta be up at 530!!  lols.
@MollieOfficial ooh i'm jealous! i wanna see you live on tour too  i hope i can watch some videos on youtube soon!! xx
@japhun so sad i'm gonna miss you.my coolest teacher ever 
OH NO, my cousin gets home from puerto rico today! Which means hes gonna be home when i get home   i liked not having aroundd!
shit i better go....i don't wanna go 2 work 
@NicolePaige oooh  it will get better, I will talk to you tomorrow in thai chi ...what a joke it is, but we shall make it fun
@hannahmahony i dont know  im gonna sit down with my parents tonight and discuss it. i think i made a mistake coming back here...
@QueenBxoxo aye a heard that some guy from aberdeen was on it :$ &gt;.&lt;  im actually terrified now  dont wanna go on a plane :$
IS thinking hell yes my last exam today shame im gonna fail 
never again will i wear those shoes  ... work today... then appt w/ jason @ 4... gonna help me get on a program
@IWouldSayCathal i have no money  but that sounds like the craic. wanna go to marys? :S and take all her stuff and gossip!?
farrrk, trains arent running to melbourne on saturday  gonna have to hit up the ol' bus-ity bus, or else no all time low :O
@ItsNeet oh  and then? What else?is the interview recordable?  I wanna hear/see it 
@aleximariz are you gonna be wearing a dress on saturday? i really have no idea on what to wear 
@ekaa17 @Mawiyel319 @heyyitskate sorry I left you sa confe guys. ginagamit kasi ung comp.  sorry again 
 this violence gotta stop
what a crap.ahm goin back to school again.i'm gonna miss my 24-hour ritual with the net....  
@d3signar ja tell me about it, i came in early &amp; it looks like im gonna go home late  at least i'll miss the traffic
@CaityPineapple omg I knw n he didn't think 2 wash it? uh duh! neways I think trevor is gonna go cos he chose 2 use it 
@alick36 Yaaahh  ok deh, nxt time kay..
@cessyyy I'm excited too!! but I think it's gonna take a while before it's out. 
@justinetalag Mawnin friend!it's raining in hayward?Ahhh noo!it's gonna be hard driving then  are you feeling much better now?
it's gonna be so hard catching up with school work. boo 
slept like a baby but not for long enough :/ soooo sore...and physics is gonna kick my ass 
@jessnextdoor yea... sad noh... when I heard about the missing air france I prayed na sana the plane just landed somewhere safe... 
bless little kyle  i hope he's gonna be okay. x
ugh dont wanna get readi for skool 
i'm at wrk and damn I'm tired.....I gotta lay it dwn earlier 2nite.....I was up till 3am  &lt;EnufCed
shit...gas cylinder just finished  gonna have to eat outside
@tommcfly byee we're gonna miss u so much! you're welcome to come back whenever you want! And thank you for everithing! 
My foot hurts like shit, I don't wanna go run today 
@ShystieUK i want them trainers and were u seeling the song still no offical date 4 dpd3  jeez lol its gonna b amazing though ahhh lol xx
i know what the people think of meeeeeee i am not sow populair sow kim leve  and..just gow away 
just drove my car to work with the 'check oil' light on...  im gonna explode!
@jo_lie when? 
i watched the finale of life with derek. i feel like crying  haha. im gonna miss watching @michaelseater 
gonna try to cut the junk food out, man i'm goin to miss icecream 
dammit im gonna be busy at work today. 
my snuggle bear @erik_jamaal just left  now im gonna spend some time with my rebel sibling @iamshantel (2 sad lil momma faces)
got home now gonna eat have to shower sooo itchy sunburn 
@rskrista hahaha ugh. im gonna be so sad when they tour and i dont see his fun bouncy hair. 
@tayldufrene yeah i know what you mean!  i just wanna play it so badly 
procrastinating getting ready to go to the shop..really really dont wanna go  whats everbody else doing today?
@DollFace520 from H&amp;M! do u know it? u r sooo luckyyy! i wanna go to swim too!!!!!!!  im hungry and its too hot!
well it looks like it's gonna rain. no screen on the green.  dinner with the besties instead!
@prunz ha ha ha no-.- ti piacerebbe!! im sorry but you're so damn right i have to open my fucking book right now 
@tommcfly xool you gonna miss big brother !!  get yo ass back here dude ! Xxxxxx
hanging with my besite &lt;3 gonna miss this dude much when i leave 
ok im seriously gonna try to go to sleep now. no matter how hard that may b. 2m has to b a better day 
And then I paid my tuition...on top of rent on the first...ow ow ow 
tired have to work tomorrow and shit like that im gonna miss carrie while she's gone 
I should take a before pic, cuz my after pic is gonna be bangin! hopefully it doesn't take long though..it's tougher with age 
@Peeps3030 stupid internet acting retarded, Wiipals aint responding. so im gonna go to sleep . 
Imma get ready for a big sermon tomorrow.. I'm sure it's gonna be a harsh day. 
@DivaLaDamz yea i was gonna but its rainin now 
@griffintech is it all gonna be of messy desk pics? 
@donniewahlberg i wanna goooo!!  shudve told me yesterday! not nice to leave tutu hanging babe! see u @ jones beach!
@eKvin69 yo yo yo. hes not gonna go  thats good
Ugh gotta mow the yard 
@dopes omg please don't remind me!!!  I'm gonna run tonight when the sun sets!!
@knowsnotmuch oh okay.. D90 is gonna work out quite expensive for me  I would have loved to buy that..
@boogui ma frend  miss ur phonecalls! hope u recover ur nextel soon! have a great day!
gonna write some more. im really hungry... &amp; it smells like burning .... i dont like it that my dinners sposed to be cooking down there 
@PandaMayhem hahahah srsly!!! Imma make a tshirt.. &quot;If u grab a crotch, you'll answer to me!&quot; Rofl I'm not too intimidating tho..  ahahaha
I just realized how much im gonna miss everybody. 
@fallfromgrace so i heard via btown's facebook status that you r gonna be sharing a stage w/motley!&amp;im gonna miss it!  have fun! miss you!
@jennac0re im gonna go i promisseeeeeeeee. just need to actually start moving. plus it is raining out and i have to walk 
@serenetan @maynaseric @simontay78 nolar..hehe no sunken treasure ler.. gonna be quite horrifying.. possible lots of missing bodies too.. 
In town today and i see this.. http://www.twitpic.com/6oib0 then find out its not for sale! wahh  but im gonna get it tho somehow i will..
On the jurassic park ride, think its gonna rain. Dnw to be on the edge  second row. Fml I just started to dry off
Now im gonna look ugly at the dance! 
@juliajayy hahaha, i wanna see yoooou  k well, if you can call me when you get home from school. okay?! 
Nevah mind l0ll da rain seems peacful.... dat is until I qeh off da bus nd walk hme 
Making pozole (Is that how u spell that?) Just finished cleaning my house, gonna sit down &amp; relax, sad theres no sun outside to tan 
very dark outside here in barranquilla  is gonna rain!!
crying my eyes out! neva will be loved! considering a home bleach job to turn myself blonde. bo hoo.  
@KathieMiller no, andrew was listening to rush loudly, and it's gonna be really sad leaving you!!! 
dont wanna clean my room. but i def need to.  work soon too! 
@kokas26 i like those 2.. but, the l word was the best tv show ever. i mean, it should continue! wtf im gonna do without my alice? 
@prettyodd89 i love you too baby. But im in traffic  im scared its gonna die again.
I'm all dirty  ... who's gonna suck me clean 
@5windows sniffle. im stuck with my family who are visiting. need to save up my partyin' i guess.  i wanna make out drunkenly at the club!
@Davidismyangel be embarassing at he doctors  but i mean if u think about it, its nothing to be embarassed for, its genetic! And ur ri ...
@ddlovato That is a more powerful statement, and I'd like to see that to, but sadly it probably wont happen  theres always gonna be haters
@cattle_oh awhh booo  you deff should come but july 1st is def gonna be the best and i cant waitt(:
i wanna hang out with someone tonight          grrs... this is buggin me
@shoe_gal81 ano!  gonna be blood swear and tears! gonna be hard work and fears!
Not knowing how long ur gonna have to wait 
@darknightiso did u see the palm pre on the tt's? It looks like its gonna be even longer before it gets to my service. 
at elizabeth's graduation! This is gonna be so sad 
gonna watch a movie wiwth mom, clare and daniel!! exciting...   daddy's in toronto   
@nolaladylove No i dont wanna be alone I will be alone my bf left me!!  What ya'll doing tonight?
@ tha barbershop hungry as hellllll..sumbody shud bring me sum10 2 eat 
what does micheal jackson do after he eats mcdicks.... surgery!! xD gonna miss socials class.. 
@dannywood are the tanktops gonna be sold on the website too? no shows for me  unless ya'll re add the florida dates  !!!!!
Whoz gonna help me feel better 4 2morrow?  im over here dying
It looks like it's gonna rain, and it's gonna be chilly, especially w/ only one shoe on, i don't know if i want to go out tonight 
So Imma a little hurt right now  One of my patients just asked me if I was pregnant *sigh* maam I'm sorry but I'm just extra small and my
whoops.. i broke it.    hes gonna be mad. good thing i got super glue!  lol  good as new. 
@JazzyFiierce yes I'm postive my mom jus called  I'm very upset I wanna tear
@angie6913 trying to win with the infamous &quot;  &quot; that aint gonna work!!lmao!!
gonna head out of here.... my head is gonna assplode 
she is probably doing her husband cus she didnt answer  guess i wont talk to her today  hey @julianantonio wanna talk to me?
@FTSKBrittanyy im gonna sign up i think. haha. yeah, i posted a few pretty quickly together, because i was on a roll. but no more 
cant stop coughing. i feel like i'm gonna throw up. 
@danzare i think im gonna try to get it to look wavy for vacation. 
@beethequeenbee LOL, its gonna have to be a lil warmer for that, its still in the 60's 
Wow, we were busy today! We met all of our deadline, yeah! But we missed #followfriday  Now we're gonna catch up, yeah!
...I think I'm gonna be sick.....           some shit went down. I'll be back later...
@cali_hypocrisy i know!!  but u know u gotta do what u gotta do when u run a street team.. Lol major dedication right there!
@MercyStreetTeam aww  lol what movies u gonna watchh
@stephenjeean damn i wanna watch it 
@earlsatan come back to me  im gonna miss you too much
sooooo tired now can't do any more work  but it's cool . . . 2mo is another day u memba dat song sweets @in2mee lol
gotta stop thinking that they're watching me. its getting on kinda annoying. i dont no how i will stop thinking it though 
gotta stop thinking they're watching me. its getting kinda annoying. i dont no how i will stop it though 
talking to kat im gonna miss her so much 
@mixxotrophic yeah visit me na kasi here or at shang. you're not texting me naman eh 
I'm all alone in my mum and dad's house  gonna be no fun when I wake up to NO ONE.
@mstrpiccolo sheesh! I really hope the're not gonna make u open tomorow 
Me and my lil brah have xbox and we playin the same game but he dont wanna play online w/ me 
@xomendi22 ahh idk wat ima do when i leave..its gonna b sad 
@FritsyB am i the only 1 tha didn c it gosh 
Imma miss ya'll twitters ! An hour is sooo long 
Whyy?? Whyyy do desks come in like a billion pieces??!! It's gonna take 3hrs for me and dad to make this desk  fml!! Lol. I'll post pics :
the promotion was awesome!!!!!!!!i loved it.but now i hear ringing in my ear.yikes.im gonna miss all my friends not going to rb 
so i guess im goin 2 sleep. my phone dont wanna wrk 
I'm gonna cry... my other besties wrk hard like me&amp; we all b on som other shit but me &amp; ny was on our on shit lol. ny com bac home 
@1stladyRetroKid Yooo, the flyer is dope! Wish I was in town to attend ya party!  I know it's gonna be crazy t.. http://tinyurl.com/n2j23b
fuuuck. my friends went parting without me  gaay I wanna be out man imma go get a cigg.
gonna call @licokitty later and talk for 10 mins to test if its still taking mins frm my acct to talk to her. it shouldnt!!! but it will. 
im so nervous for my race tomorrow. i have the shakes and i feel like im gonna throw up 
http://twitpic.com/6q8ho - me and danny  i think we look good together. and that's pathetic, i know.
@ReignBow85 girl I'm never gonna get the bish me a la 
 It seems to get harder everyday with yu so far away &lt;3
I guess @joeymcintyre isnt gonna come play with us ladies  thats alright...there's always tomorrow ;)
I was gonna camp for the yeezys but by wensday there was already like 15 ppl infront of each store that's releasing them 
@JonathanRKnight I can't believe u like dat show. Its my favorite show! I hate dat its on so late on sunday, gotta work da next day 
said bye to my deadly bitch nasty girl nade  gonna miss her but she's working at myer here!  so still see her heaps!
i dont kno why i keep refreshing like ur gonna start caring  when ur with someone now.. sorry for bugging u
@cdnsma + the concert is soon, i' going to try hella tho I know there are still tickets to it  i wanna go so bad they barely come to can
at a 40th bday... but I wanna escape. its boring. 
ent been on for a while. rain :@ paul dislicated his shoulder aagen  nan stil on holidai and thts abwt it i wil tap bak l8z
Wishing I was gonna see kenny tomorrowww.   
@T_Collinss u never gonna let me live that down  lol
 Imma just twitter away at 4am in the morning!lol
just sad... when love takes over you know u cant deny when love takes over cuz somethings here tonight... wanna party w/my friends 
Since the bf are not coming, I'm just gonna watch the new gossipgirl, the hills, 24 and he's just not that into you the whole nite 
just sad... ~ When love takes over you know you can't deny when love takes over cuz somethings here tonight ~... wanna party w/my friends 
im so tired  gonna ready in half an hour then go see the matticus!
@ronanofficial gutted im gonna miss it   joys of parent hood i guess x
:\ sigh. you really let me down today  oh well.. gonna try and sleep it off.
isn't a fan of the hot hot weather.  about to gym and gonna catch a movie later!
gonna be a lazy day. bit of a waste of a sat. but no wonga! 
@xCJM no.  i think im gonna cry.
@lizfaxe nikka. haha. i thought magkita ta? awww. ma miss namo imo kabuang! hapit na skool. ana ka. breaking our hearts. hahaha. 
Finished my break  i dun wanna continue this sheet  But It's nessecary cuz my exam is tom! :/
church person just came to my door. fit as.. LOL i feel bad now for telling him i didnt wanna kno 
oooh i wanna be in demi's new music video 
doesn't think it's gonna last 'til a year.  http://plurk.com/p/yt2sw
@sheeeby yea. They already got their report since, well, idk haha. I really wanna go thar, too bad I didn't knw where he'd stay at bali 
@jennyjardine i dnt hnk so, cs sme i dnt either  am excited bt like dnt wanna at the sme time ken wit a mean jean?  
..... aaawwww i hate it i twisted ma ancle n now i cnt go out in the weekend or go to the hen party  dis is soo unfair aaaa
@x33ieroNINJA ohhh, that makes sense. :] ah i wanna get their album signed buttt there's only 500 and you have to live in the us. 
has nothing to do at this moment..  http://plurk.com/p/yu7ki
heyaaa kindaa new ta this lol ent gt a cluee wat im supposed ta b doin bt oh well haha not lukin 4ward ta work l8aa  x
aw finally ma mum gt me strepsils god ma throat reali hurtin 2day  !!!!
@BFHeroes Why did you skipped step 2  now its gonna take longer that expectet .
@ParamoreInOz yeah i check daily! It sucks i really wanna see them! 
@voxiferaa ay 'rents that one gotta either stuck to your dates or suck thumb 
asks you guys to say a lil prayer for me... not feeling well na.. hmmm.. it's because i got soaked in the rain yesterday... 
i jus drank this coffee and now i feel like im gonna puke...we are so parked until further notice 
is missing everyone right now... i can't believe its gonna be 3months until everyones back together... 
@leannenufc Not yet  Probably stuck in traffic, hee! Aw yay, I'm glad they were good! When's your next gig now?
really tired after karate  damn my legs wanna die....
my brother and sister are being so noisy! i need to revise for history on monday  ugh. it's gonna kill me.
@kayematabang im jealous. ure always out of town.  haha and yes, i transfered na. ( it's sad, but.......... you know. i have to 
@moiswashere awh .. why did yu delete the tweet yu tweeted me  i was SO happy yu replied to me .
@dorritos is this rain gonna ruin your yard sale again?  
gonna miss christine, isabel and jaime  have fun at your french immersion trip! :* au revoir @devibabyy @agudsdudes @spideywebfucker
gonna miss christine, isabel and jaime  have fun at your french immersion trip! :* au revoir @devibabyy @agudsdudes @spideywebfucker
gonna run some errands in washington then heading back to columbia. classes start monday 
@jerrybrightlife DUDE have a banginnn graddy.. sorry I'm not there dude!  I'll see ya later fo sho baby boiii &lt;3
@waiee @jillianjtl : everyone's overreacting.  i just wanna go to the bahamas and sip pina coladas.
itz so nice out...but gotta go 2 work 
Is gonna go on a cleaning spree today&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;hmmm I wonder how long its gonna stay clean, me thinks not very long 
borin i feel like 2 mo0ro0w i have scl i dont feel like i started ma summer holidayz weird first time i feel like dat  miss scl already 
@rws381 im gonna have to get the updates on my phone... if i was at oak tree tonight id be able to watch but aero has no tv 
@mileycyrus i dont think my mam is gonna let me go to your concert in dublin.. this is so unfair!! 
@gdarklighter last    I have to admit I'm a bit worried, but I think the mgr's gonna take care of me.  #prelaunch
@bernyavadz I don't know too  I was checking people I follow tapos wala cya  when I checked wala he deleted it 
throat is still killing  gonna go on the tredmill for a while i think, take my mind off things
hehe my pizza is huuuuge  gonna be so good ^__^ wish i had the munchies right now 
looks likes like its gonna rain 
actually cancel that. Its gonna charge a bomb for it 
@PinkLightning_ I really just wanna punch her in the face but I'm not a girl basher  I'd easily do it to declan tho xD
Wow, so this is gonna turn out to be the crappiest weekened ever. I'm sick so I can't go to bread and honey, AND i smell. 
is at work uggh gonna be here til 10  some one save meeeeeeee!
@therealtammylee u gonna have better luck finding some dunks..rather than J's in those colors  i cant rem the last time i got womens js 
@andeinerseite http://twitpic.com/6qqn6 - dude thats awesome! bloody h&amp;m....wanna bloody shoot cambridge 
@Vinsanity1505 good luck brah! That house pretty much means ur never gonna be an el pasoan again.  its ok I'll be a san diegoan in 2 yrs
youre always gonna be inside my head  sad.
I think im gonna get poison ivy....  but its worth it 2 see my dad smile
@mrolip the crazy part is jay aint gonna throw out an actual album til 4th quarter anyways...he just teasing us 
@bethbabezz lmao beth, nope  , well not yet.. my mum said she is gonna think about it! they are adorable! 
@dougiemcfly don't dry for me HAHA brazil cried for you  we miss ya &lt;3 it'd be awesome if you reply me,but it's not gonna happen :/
want myself a new mac but i dunno when the next time im gonna be able to afford one is 
In his sleep, adlan gigit nenen mama till it's bleed. Ouch!! The worst one so far. Ingat ni puting plastik ka apa?! 
@alicebeesley mwahahaaa, i miss you alreadyy!  and im gonna call you in a bit, neeeeeed somebody sane to talk to!
i wanna watch brit brit live in concert 
Damnit...i really wanna be there   http://bit.ly/FYtu4
@TheRealJordin my moms still thinking about it if i can go or not  i wanna go and c u soo bad!! thanks jordin! ill hopefully c u 2nite lol
I just saw a huge turtle about to cross the freeway. I'm afraid its gonna get hit.  I'm sad now.
@sammib1990 yea me either i think i'm just gonna wear my black and white american eagle tube top... i don't have anything special 
 were not bffs anymore o well it happens im gonna stay upset for a while but im gonna get over it i think its time 4 bed lol nite nite ev
Oh! Really wanna see taking back sunday with @joanners 
ow ow ow ow ow... press ups hurt more than sit ups 
work at three, gonna miss game 5  but maybe hanging out after words.
oh god, gettin excited about brokencyde concert. looks like its gonna rain agen tonight 
My throat hurts  im just gonna stay inside and play sims 3 forever
i wanna go downtown or to south street to find a outfit for beyonce  .. but i dont have any one to go wit 
 sad...found da perfect shoe fada perfect price...but ov course dey dun got ma size
1 HOUR..until i go to work. oh fun.  I dont wanna go.
 I feel like my ipod is gonna die on me today. (The apple of my eye-double pun)
@allheartalways please dont cry...if you do you will probably gonna make me cry 
really wanna watch tinselworm tonight, unfortunatley it was sold out at xmas. probs be in bed by then, still ill 
@LaDiEBoSSRaNnA lmao @ da jam! lol i miss u more! wtf we slippin!! nah i was gonna go but i didnt see my boo's name so i decided not to! 
hatin on my moms new fone  ..buts it all good cause I'm gonna be alright lol
 today is gonna suck.
@howlertwit Ooops.....    I'm never gonna win, am I ?  lol
@MizZLina0 awwwww mannn!!! That's gonna deter me from my grown up thing!!!  I'm totally blaming you!!! ;)
feeling really sick i need mi mommy 
feels so bad  can't sleep... hopefully tomorrow's gonna be a good one... http://plurk.com/p/yy2vv
stepped in a hole and fell to my knees, wow its gonna hurt later 
shit! fuckin fever, fuckin body ..think im gonna die if my head starts hurtin as yesterday 
@neekbreek gonna miss tommy  and zeke too! so stupid. at least i have my lions still..
@KimKardashian i have! and then i was tottaly regreted  hope you're not gonna do that, your hair is gorgeous!
@KimKardashian i have! and then i was totally regretted  hope you're not gonna do that, your hair is gorgeous!
@julieleak aw naw!  I was looking forward to the pic...do you like it? Is it big change?
@mikexmistake you should tell him I love him and am gonna miss him   sad face.
I really gotta take sum ppl off my mobile alerts I got 1051! How am I ever gonna clear those, ya'll know this phone slow 
hanging out with shay shay they let me out of rehab for a few hours.. but i have to go back and i really dont want to 
@TheGodmutha mmmmmmmmmm danny naked would be even better lol but not gonna happen 
arrgh! I can't switch the bloody thing off! gonna have to reboot! 
Jst got off da phone wit mi boo nene she so cool damn is da goombay still goin on mi may go ugh wait mi hair nt done man 
@temptalia LOL I think ok gonna get a orange bike too bad I can't find one 
@irishjonasfan like you said its never gonna be the same dude. :\ 
@mialuna1 AWW!! LOL i wanna play in the rain with jess 
@AilsaTemple  Awww that is the sweetest thing ever im so gonna miss you guys  X
@MileyFanFeed hey hey thanks 4 followin lol yeh i do luv miley 2. totally want her life! 
@ImBryan ohh gotcha gotcha the #bfd after party is gonna be held at popscene tonight with steve aoki &amp; dj am spinning. i wanna go so bad 
gonna go see dance flick haha hope its good  still no phone 
@Meezyy you still gotta send that song 
@sweetflor  aww nooo!! that sux!! u gotta tell me all about them being there tho! tell me about the concert and meeting them!!
damn its raining and gloomy here  i hope it clears up before tonight cuz im wearing a bra and underwear and dont wanna get wet
I don't wanna do work the stupid of maps conceptual!!!!  ok.. I will try
gonna study for french soon. im gonna fail that exammmm 
@LockwoodKatie yeh true,if it ever turn's up that is ? 
@GsoHandsome I invited u brotha.. U turned me down..  lol naa find that 10 n I need 2 c her 1st
@june1124 its beyond that @ this point  but thanx hun
gonna leave real soon.. mehh. i dont want to go anymore after something that just happened. 
I wanna go meet jason earles tomorrow 
Hangovers suck!    gonna go shower
@laurieann_ yeah I know.. but ju don't wanna have redtube movie night with me 
@HonorSociety no cuz ur not gonna party with us after jb  but cant wait to meet you boys
ughhh i wanna invite uncle troy to my grad party but dad will cause a fuss 
i can't wait wanna see it but my fiance wont go 
@PussyPrevails hEY dont cry  your gonna make me sad dont cry over nuttin espacilly if its over ne nigga &lt;&lt;never kry keep ya head up
@Jonasbrothers before the storm is gonna be a disaster  sorry guys, i love you so much, but that's my opinion, she ruins the song
@Jonasbrothers before the storm is gonna be a disaster  sorry guys, i love you so much, but that's my opinion, she ruins the song
@greasyfungus well im feeling down in the dumps too, cryin and all, so im gonna get off twitter  bye bye for now friends.
@xTattooedQueenx I want u to be here asap, baby what if I can't come up there?  u gonna fly here? I think u should if I cant
gonna miss you my love 
ah, beer and crab legs, oh man tomorrow is gonna suck 
@mz_newsome I don't get off until 11pm...So Imma miss you... 
my legs hurt boo i wanna dance but i cant even stand up  god i'm a party pooper
@mz_rattana aww f'reaaals? im sorry tooo hear thaat.  are you gonna be ohkk??!?!
leaving for graduation. gonna miss all these guys. 
@MiriamCheah ohhh im gonna cry now 
I'm gonna go clap my ass while I do the dishes . . . .ahhhh misty watercolored memories 
@MzNitra haahhaa imma have to snatch mine out the fridge too! Imma be turnt, inside tonight tho  - i wanted 2 b out w/ ya'll hookers 2nite
@FireForce A lot which sucks cause my phone looks like it's gonna die 
Everyone keeps texting me to go out for drinks..but ama pass on dat for a couple of weeks...sooo gonna miss my beers &amp; goose.. 
@marshaambrosius When you gonna stop teasing me n put out ya album? 
ta, eu to com sono ok 
@scoobydoo6369 7.5hrs ....i jus started!  gonna be a looooooooonnnnnnggg shift!
@strawBREE im gonna miss you too! 
ugh i didnt get to tan today  im gonna get pasty.lol
i hope penguins win the series but i dont know if thats gonna happen 
ah my sholder hurts.   goin to miqs house next weekend...woohoo we gonna partay!!!!!!!
so drunk it fucking hurts.  she;s coming home to me.  i lov things. why deos she wanna go america for four months  criessss!
Nothing else to do  can't sleep, may i gonna watch some movie
I wanna go 2 the &quot;black lingerie&quot; party throwin 2night! Bigup poetry, but no1 I know wanna go or they cant 
And I hope she bring him to her room or something cause I gotta pee!! I don't wanna get fully dressed to pee... 
 why you gotta say thigns like thattt
Still didn't even drink da shot yet 
@theinkling i just need to use my head. lock doors. check twice idk. i wanna go die now 
is prob gonna delete this i guess 
Watching titanic with the family makes me miss my ricky ho. 
gotta wake up early and do some SERIOUS clothes washing!!!! 
gotta get the room together...hope the hair comes out deso or else im doooomed  ne wayz peace out!
i was gonna stay up a lil' but longer till amanda comes on but i'll fall asleep. i miss my manda!  anyhoo, night! &lt;3 :]
bout to come off dis since certain ppl ahh run mi... 
@MiSz_KaYla1025 hha damn right i ain't. i'm gonna feel like shit tomorrow. 
this is gonna be a long ass summer.... 
teals about to come over know yah and soon im going to kilsyth club for jemmas bday   dont wanna go but im gonna ask to sleep at teals ily
i just watched titanic and now crying  gonna listen to @jonasbrothers to cheer up
@wackyjacky85 haha im gonna grab some shoes and ill be readdddddy haha. if only it was not 1 in the morning right now. 
@macayli_noelle Aww, i feel ya! I want to go to sleep soon, but i dont know how thats gonna work out with that thing living in my closet  
@LoonIEs_world  ur pic won't show, I really wanna see
totally FAILED . I can't make them interest with me  . ah it's ok . gotta study hard for tomorrow . booo!
chillin @ tha buzzin house i gotta go home  bout tah get n da cab  aww i wanted 2 do tha water fight
@mari_possa i wana c it nobody wil go with me 
@joeymcintyre how bout a shout to blovkheads in indonesia?so envy cus i aint gotta chance to c u this year 
@sigurosstopher mm nah gna try and finish assignment 
@maribelaperez arlene wont be done though.   she wont like us having fun without her she'll stress hee hee
 So so sick..gonna get wrapped up warm and watch some movies
2 many ppl here. I wanna go homeeeeeeeee!!  I also need a shower. (4 more reasons than 1 obviously)
@ShystieUK pahhhhh matching underwear lmao ohh shysite u do make my day !! ty 4 cheerin me up im gonna miss chattin 2 u  x
@sarahteaa aww that sounds so nice. nahh my dad won't let me come, we're probably just gonna meet up with fam friends 
@taylorswift13 ohh sounds fun! i wanna come lol. this makes me jealous of everyone who gets to see you! i wish you came to northern cali 
cutting ma hurr tmrw... should i be a copykat and chop it all off or grow it out? can't decide 
trying to go to bed up early...its gonna be hard to sleep because i feel guilty about being a bitch  im sorry i can't help it tho
going to the waffle house on a one eyed steed ! pray for me the po po zow is gonna get me! seriously 
 i'm gonna watch horton again with mum &amp; clo for some laughs.
Why are bitches riverdancing? I'm gonna throw up my krystals if they don't stop. 
sam totally forgot my ice cream. gonna go cry myself to sleep now.  haha.
Just woke up. I want more sleep!! But that's not gonna work cuz I ain't sleeping in my own bed  I'm still at my sis in laws
Just added @jcarterslife on myspace  lol gonna turn in  night twitbitchez!
i am missing my aaron so much dont know when im gonna see him next 
UUUGGHH cnt sleep n gotta werk in the am ill be dragggin azz at werk 
.Shalalalala my oh my looks like the boy's too shy, ain't gonna kiss the girl..  &lt;3
Talking to class mates...everyone is saying m gonna miss u ppl....me too yaar m gonna miss u all too..luv ya 
In bed &amp; under the covers coz I couldn't find that damn mosquito. Imma wake up w/ a million bites 
i'm extremely bored, i think i might just go to bed. sleeping is gonna suck tonight 
on call!wag sana ko tawagan,im not in the mood mag work! 
@hartluck wooo ur in my hood ! i wanna meet u and mrs pink  ! x
my fish is doin fyn....m soo happy bt i hav a stupid silly sleeping disorder....wat shud i do??? 
@rosannasuppa i wanna ask, since i live in america, what is a wellie. i have no knowledge of this term  lol. belgium sounds exciting! 
@solm8 shieeet i sold that joint to ceefor.. i gotta hit you up with joints that are being used and what not.. my bad 
@ro0yaaaa study hard...its torture, but its gotta be done 
back hurts  gonna go have shower then go chatting agen lol  xxxo
@sianee_ aw that sucks  u better now? mhm im not...but @chersie was here and she helped me..she went back to bris tonight but shes gonna
im  bored   going to ma nans house soon  im gonna be evan more bored! 
Waaaaahh!! i wanna go on msn to talk to someone, but i cant cuz they dnt have it installed 
my sore gums are making me so miserable, gonna have to see the dentist 
so bummed shes gonna have to spend most of her birthday alone in college. lammmee 
history is gonna kick my ass 
should be seeing katy perry tonight... i don't wanna wait until august 
verry tired   im gonna send the winner a personal msg now.
@w3ndee noo! as in tweeting the same thing twice in a row  im never gonna catch up to you if you do that 
@Tiggythepiggy was gonna make em with jam 
Imma have my dinner now. But, aww.. no lemon chicken and no mango pang!  But imma indulge myself with some ice cream after that! 
gonna go smoke breakfeast sine the roomies are all my freaking cereal! 
@aliceiscwl im alright, bad belly tho  haha, and why are u even gonna give me a hug? you loser haha x
fuck it ...i wanna do somethin   not getting to say goodbye properly  to ppl who matter ...
bball 2morrow  finally gonna shoot some hoops but I hope randoms won't hog the court 
This rain better not be here in 2 weeks my bbq's gonna suck otherwise 
@shaundiviney wanna come with us to manly tomoz? or r ya busy  x
@iamaniela i want toooo (( but bubba's gonna scratch my face. 
i'm so tensed....dunno wen will i b able 2 complete all my projects....!! 
i has a sweeth tooth or sensitive im like sensitive to room tempurute/ coldish mandarins  gonna go watch gg now
gonna miss my fam.. especially the grandparents... 
i am missing my aaron so much dont know when im gonna see him next 
FINALLY did my 5 pages of vocab...now onto ee...gonna have to miss out on stylista  
well its chucking it down here thunder and lightning  chun up tho gonna beat davids ass at pool later 
hmmm - now she's got him watching the notebook  ahhhhwell ;) anddd im annoyed at the weatherr! wanna play football in the cage maaan  x
Everybody wanna fly hiiiiiigh, but they're fallin down. The rain gon trickle down sugar, all over you, heeeey 
@rebelchicnyc debating on if imma' go to the track meet  wanna go but feeling lazy, but need to shake this lazy shit!!...
I MISS YOU!  @roch_3ll3
@BenjaminHouston oh I wish you guys were coming here  I wanna see savvy!!! ( and you guys of course) ha
have a sore head  gonna lay up on the couch and watch a dvd...
@thisgoeshere im gonna miss you back 
is hungry - gonna take ages to cook a roast 
@missLDN I was gonna say to take me with to get one on friday but  nope, I gotta work.  like wtf?
@Bebequeen255 I'm on the bus..!! imma miss yu!!! 
sitting talkin to my boy... he is going to the movies with his friends tho so i am gonna miss him  but i gotta study anyway
@pshah_its_amy haha yep! i wanna to see if i could talk to people in french but its english only 
mfffmm,im awake-ish. oh boy, it's gonna be a long day 
*(^#*^*($^)*&amp;&amp;((@&amp;&amp;^&amp; Car broke down... just got towed to garage... this is gonna be an expensive one 
at work, i feel like im gonna pass out 
ok im up... want 2 go back 2 bed... have to eat.. and go vote.. dont wanna 
@sorabu http://twitpic.com/6tpq5 - we're gonna miss you too galletita 
No streaming gospel, wi-fi still retarded &amp; everyone is still sleeping!!  iLonely
oh tomorrow is gonna hurt. . .oh well, nice knowing ye! 
why am i awake so early?  damn projects. super nervous for the science one. mines gunna be so lame i dont wanna fail 
aahh!! i got no followers  i hope my firend has one i think im gonna ask her
dey came home now  i was enjoying da peace
@MrsMerrygoldx3 7??? we're gonna have to listen to music from now until 7!!! no summeritme ball??  loooooool
@OfficialAkaye  makes me sad to think its over, gonna miss it! x
Oh its raining, joy work is gonna be fun 
gonna have a shower.. then continue wrking.. hope i'm nt forced to go their.. i luv my elders @metro_life .. but i knw they'll annoy me.. 
@outednarnian sa midsection? hirap matanggal nung tiyan waa  also i need someone to help me with my bench presses.  i must crank my chest
is up. throat hurtin from fa Ciggy smoke but il b ok. headed to work n a min 
@Hcroww and im gonna miss u bc when i move dowm for good u my only good/close friend leaves. 
@reemerband i saw you and nearly had a heart attack but i think i coverd it pretty well lol, i was gonna say hi, but i was dead scared  x
ok twitter family im gonna fly out and bury my little babe spotty 
imm so excited!!! youre gonna get it!!! I wish you the best!!! love uu popoo hahhahaha im doing homework   summer hah is coming very soon
@cremeoreo yeahh!! cant wait till the cd comes out! 16 june! im gonna mark it on my calendar lol. do u wanna buy it? i was so sad btw 
When security doesn't check me I think someones gonna be able to bring a gun into the park and shoot me 
@KillKerDead: awh, thats terrible :/ ! how did that happen? i think fox is gonna go home next time 
gotta go to work at 2....no bueno.... 
skipped the pictures. on my way there. its gonna suck without my phone. 
@ash_kay its ok mamas, we jus gotta chill again  i missed you guys! like almost 2am
my jaw is makeing my head hurt so much i feel like im gonna pass out  pray for me
@CarmaDee . no i dont wanna go see dr. phil . what type of doctor is he anyway  hes gonna say im crazy ? lol
@MsRae04  awww man u comin out here wed?! I'm leavn tue nite  u gonna try again I see lol
is wondering when this is all gonna stop!! hopefully soon tho, its killing me 
@sanamalik1992 sub pata hai...lol em jealous... u njoying holidays like anything.. n me 
@ThisIsRickC now u know he aint gonna cook nothin! and I dont feel like cookin! 
@MiriamCheah i wanna stop watching the video but i CANT its so good. cant stand jess crying though. so sad 
I though there was gonna be real food at this tea party  im so disapointed
grrr  heads all mashed up, still wanna raid the chat logs, what would yu do?
woke up late  now i gotta do a full length test startin at 11:30 grrr
Last night i did pop-ju again! (pop-ju = vomiting, teh hoomins say i make a popping noise when i frow up!) 
im up and I dont wanna be cuz I gotta go clean my room. 
i really badly wanna go to new york city!  america in general actually!
I though there was gonna be real food at this tea party  im so disapointed http://ow.ly/cLd1
gonna go eat dinner &amp; think of a name 4 my blog!! pls ppl help me pick a good name 4 my blog cuz all the good one are takin  lol
boring sunday, i wanna read or watch something 
@lizzy1e lol alright, i suppose. and by &quot;alright&quot; i mean i know im gonna have a lot of things to do las tminute 
@smudge372 noo im too drunk honey! ate stacks at this party!  no bronzed goddess im gonna be  x
Studying sucks  i just wanna take a nap!!
@LottieB oh no!  i'm sorry!!  LOL! i was gonna write more but got lazy!  now i regret it!!  i love your fake tan post, v.helpful!!xx
@TawagPromotions weekend was fun filled..now i gotta chill out and get back to work 
Its raining  I think im gonna go eat some cearal (is that how it is spelt?)
@czwink yeh for cleaning sundays 
@summerx19 im gonna miss you so much tooo! 
Why aint my lil sister answerin da fone? I wanna c my gizmo dagnabbit! Adaaaaammmmmm wan my gizmo 
back from the mall.. didn't find like anything i liked  ..only got 1 shirt  .. gonna start drawing/painting now
@AndrewDearling I gotta watch it later when my mom's back  I wanna watch it now! x
@KyraAngela oh fuck you. you AND missy wont be at school. what am i gonna do 
Its raining   gonna get a couple of movies and plant myself on tha couch for  a while !
So bored and sleepy. On my way to houston gonna miss him 
@ChristineCx well...i can't stay on  my dad's gonna kill me if i do, hah.
@MRSTARCITY dam das ............hot  dnt knw how hot wolf twat is but I dnt wanna find out lol
very upset wiff my laptop  it doesn't wanna start up, and i have a collateral due tomorrow! D: !!
@kchasesimmons Oh yeah I read about that.. hitting the jackpot is not even a good thing cuz they wanna keep most of ur money so I heard 
@snw that means i've gotta go into TS3 and change the top  nah Plumbbob will do 
ahhhh. back to school tommorow!!! i dont wanna gooooo. 
sam doesnt have a favorite song 
@redsexydevil he's in hosp hun, they're doing tests on him  worrying his auntie...
@corngriffin @littlesealgrl if u 2 dont pick a time and place im gonna be smoking alone 
not felling so swell...throat is sore as all heck...i can barely eat any thing  gonna try and sleep it off!!!
mee..  im lonely and in a bad mood stilll :/ derek you wanna? 
I say: o no, dese old things... Sumtinmes I like 2 b vintage... I jus copped durin da sale earlier dis wk  gotta get my $$ rite
Oh the joys of being a woman -_- my uterus feels like its gonna explode 
heading off to church in a bit...gonna miss the game tonight  oh well
@megaancloughx if i could be bothered to move &amp; knew the laptop wasn't gonna die as soon as i unplugged it, i'd be seeing chris in trunks 
@SaviP you didnt guess  , so im just gonna tell you. i am slowly and horribly learning how to play the guitar ha
im bored, and no one is wanting to chill so im going downtown and gonna do an open mic comedy, yup random moment stand up! wish me luck! 
ugh. I'm up. gonna try &amp; leave in 10mins coz the 2hr drive home is NOT appealing right now. back is still owwies. 
all the grads are off to project grad...no idea what in gonna do w myself when they all leave for good... 
I gotta say I'm not enjoying this wind very much. 
my mom is gonna spank me 
has ice cream in her hair  don't even ask how.... gonna take a shower to get it out now.........
lazy as shiiiiit!!!!!! soooo don't wanna work tomorrow 
can't remember what its like to wake up early...and im gonna have to clean again! and help mum with cooking and stuff...ahhh man!!! 
Omgg i dont wanna believe it!!! If id tell u guys u eud also be soo SHOCKED! 
@mollyissogyo yeah i was gonna trasfer but i guess not anymore 
Working hard on my fitness, need too increase calories to increase my muscle, it's gonna take a while, my metablism Is working overdrive 
somebody plz save me! im doing homework and i think im gonna die from boredom 
@BillieJArmstrng loving the new album!!!! are you still gonna play !viva la gloria! on the tour though? cause I saw your recent set lists 
getting a very bad headache i know something i wish i didnt know and im really upset about what im gonna hear about my dad  tomorrow 
any of my schoolfriends know about twitter so i cant found them here   im gonna take them out of caves and tell them about twitter
go orlando but its gonna be lakers,,,,, sweep!!!!! 
not in the mood for anything...! cant wait til tmrw. At least its gonna be much better then these two days. 
gonna get my ass to bed &amp; sleep off this hangover. tis very concerning that i'm still feelin th effects almost 24hrs l8r! 
This is just a story I've heard before. This is gonna end up so bad. 
@ihsanamin @Katchin05   i don't wanna go.  i'm hardheaded.  I was hoping it would improve, but yeah, i can't keep feelin like that
heading off to school i dont wanna go  im still sick and my foot is killing me &gt;(
I give in. There's gonna be like a million ppl at the library, but I can't study at home anymore. I already fell asleep twice!  
@dumis nu te am fasit nici dupa id  dar ti am dat add me mess
selena jst told me she doesnt wanna leave yet..ugh i jst ruined my girlfriends fun 
just watched twilight. officially love that movie. i dont feel good tho, im gonna go eat....i wiah i never had to say goodbye to himm &lt;/3 
just watched twilight. officially love that movie. i dont feel good tho, im gonna go eat....i wish i never had to say goodbye to himm &lt;/3 
i dont feel like cooking but if not my salmon is gonna go bad 
uhh gotta headache 
I hate riding behind vehicles that has cargo. I be scared everything's gonna fall off. 
I am so very tired yet can't/don't wanna go to bed cuz when i wake up it will be monday 
i have NO co-ordination ! i can't even do tha swag surfin dance  oh well ! i'll stick tu tha google wave ---&gt; ~ ~ ~ &lt;--- pass it back nah
my cousin is at#summerjam &amp;she text me sayin jayz is abt to perform  i wanna go :\
Wish I'd remembered to grab my I wanna meet joe mac shirt for my sign 
okay soo... i wanna sk my mom somehting...but shes on the phone  i dont wanna ....intrude...haha might ahve thee best friend go to hutto
ugh finals tomorrow.  ahh. gonna have a sore ass.
@skaght noooo  i don't wanna!   let's just make everyone else suck it, whilst being productive draughtspersons...
 I wanna go home :0 fuck myself
@christinky thanks mama. I'm sure things will? I'm terrified of option 2 though. that's gonna suck so hard. 
sittin at home watchin tv dont really want to go to deleware for a whole month im gonna miss mah babe 
@ll2014 he's pretty funny but we're not getting to see too much of him 
yay tomarrow he gets ungrounded bby ilu than camp next monday i wanna leave  david ilusm
Sensitive stomach kicks in again  bleah ... gonna try sleepin off nausea and wretching
omg, some people never learn :/ ME!! haha :| blackmoocow ur gonna kill me 
gonna pixel for a big .. gotta mega headache  think its my allergies or something .........
eddies not calling back  hes gonna watch a movie with his mommy
dang it, i thought holiday start hari jumaat, rupanya hari ahad 
I hate dry patches...  it makes you over react! How long is this patch gonna last cause im anxious to c wat on the otherside!
All I gotta say is &quot;fat jesus&quot;. lool thx now I wanna head to vegas!  http://myloc.me/2ZRK
@grantswilson awww im gonna miss ur twitters 
gonna have to give up on the old navy coupons and get some sleep.  
@JennysMyName ugh im gonna miss allstar! guess what ? 
can't sleep .. im gonna be beat in the morn 
this is gonna take a while.  
@aquarianways  You making me want to put 1 or 2 in da air...  I gotta make a call....lol
my last tweet for a while  my phone is all i have nd its gonna go bye bye
watching oprah. it's sad.  i'll have to work with them when i'm a nurse and it's gonna be sad. 
back from disneyland. sooooo screwed for my final tomorrow. and i didnt do any hw. damnnnn gonna fail! 
my rabbit is gonna probably die 
@MissSydneyJ ahhhghhh..  they dont dance no mo all they do is dis.
idk what do ne more :/ i feel like my happiness is just going down the drain 
@neethonk ur gonna be helping the world im jus gonna be designing buildings 
Yes. Like 30 times. And don't say fuck you. I don't wanna talk to you now.  I'm gonna go cry.
@DJHiiDef lol ii dnt know how to wrk this shit and nobody wanna get on the show with me 
having trouble falling asleep and its almost 3am and i wake up at 6 to get ready for work  im gonna be tired as hell tomorrow,
@gary_singh yeah like that's gonna happen anytime soon. 
my dog is gonna be 7... he's getting old  he has grey hairs on his little face
there was a lil mouse in mi room..n he ran into the kitchen n got caught on da trap...he's small..n kinda cute..but now he is gonna die 
is home.., gonna shave my goatee now..  NO MORE GOATEE anymore. huhuhu
tomorrow im gonna wake up from this wonderful paradise 
@acc1987fans was gonna earlier but my mom was with me and i  didnt want her to know 
@snufsnuf: My eyes berair...  sore eyes ke?? waahhhhhh [Jgn biar.. go seek medical attention immediately.. takut kena flu ba alif ba ya]
@lamabean hey i was gonna start one   caught me #itsoverforthat
pc's repairedbut needs to be reformatted... gonna take it home tomorrow.  I miss my PC!
@do0dlebugdebz oh i c...wish i cud still delay my trip nxt month too,bt i cant...it's gonna be more costly if i do...aahh damn virus.. 
gonna miss my senior year in 8 highschool  http://plurk.com/p/110ux7
why do i have a feeling this song wont be played this summer?!  i'm gonna cry if its not! ha i neeeed to hear it.
changed jobs today kinda gonna miss workin with me boys 
Gnite. I don't wanna work on my essay again tmrw  fuck sociology. Dmchnchffvnmv watev. At least I have my cousin helping me. Lol. 0_0
@shaundiviney AWESUM!!! xD. i really hope its gonna be all ages though coz otherwise i cant go 
@Macfack  ok well i guess we can pressgang in our parents to play, would have been cool to see you though. Cristmas fo' sho'
oh crap... i burnt the milk again.. mom's gonna throw a fit 
@smisher_goob ahaha that is exciting. im really sick  that's bad karma :| lol, im gonna try and come tomorrow but I feel a'scusting. ily x
feels like im gonna get sick soon. having sore throat now  and oh, i havent blogged
@BeerLuver oh shit yes it did...lmao...im gonna cry  what level are you?
@Miyuko lol epiccccal. ok bit bored  I'm over compensating with tae bo,jogging and the wii. how does you?
@Clarebrendon i feel so bad eating it. im gonna get fat.  okei. msg me. dont prank!
Still feeling verry sick, gonna take a shower and go to work @ 17.15! 
just sore ma car can't have da f*ckin thing till wednesday now how mean 
cant really be bothered with this stats exam tomorrow  i wanna go transformers premiere!!!! 
Today was Really exhausting ..im gonna take an overdose of sleep 
HAHA jus found da picture of wen we all went to thorpe park as a school treat .. buh cant put it up 
@randomblonde nope  been to college now nothing gonna go buy red hairdye i think! i hope the boat isn't needed by the time you go home! xx
@filmnoirgirl yeah! i wanna see my 2 girls and have a good catch up with you both. I miss yous!  xxx
gonna go for a shower before amy comes round for me to fix vista yeahhhh vista 
i wanna call j but he's probably in class and i dont wanna disturb him.. i miss him.  ooops. my dad jst signed in.. hahah.
have to give my car back to holden tomorrow im gonna miss it 
okay serious powershower rain outside...with thunder and lightening! so reminds me of america  wanna go bk
@ecstaticboy nice noh? It's gonna air pa in the fall though... 
tsk,tsk,tsk, mapua (the makati branch) has joined the different schools that have (A)H1N1 victims... lapit pa naman ang hell week 
away out with kiwi now.gonna spend the last of my money, yikes 
@Helium_128 What's up bb?  I'm gonna come over and beat everyone up who's making you so upset! -__-#
sigh, oh well. i'm starving. gonna eat the butter chicken (yay!) and get back to studying. 
oh noooo the dark clouds have dispersd doesnt look like we're gonna have rain 
gonna watch the last prisonbreak now  i might be crying at the end.. will tweet later! byeeeeeee
says waah. dnt knw qng paano co ipprint ung list ng wisdom! wla kme ink!  http://plurk.com/p/11417n
@nirty Warm, cloudy, think it's gonna rain 
still revising  Lufbra experience awards tonight !   gonna be good fun ,but as of now more monster and revision
egypt vs brazil , , dammit why do i have to study , i wanna watch 
gonna fail my spanish final first block then gotta write a stupid in class essay!  this day is gonna suck..!
@JoiningTheWar i'm gonna try and go to the london one, even though they're not gonna be there  but cant wait till the album comes out!! x
@lolo_rox_baby Can you get on fb chat? I wanna talk to you  xx
Sitin in the house thinkin of what to do today. I really duno what to do.  ani 1 no ani thin to do?? (:
@plasmatron ha ha ha I stll have my play offs bottle ahhh fuck she's gonna live forever 
@aliciaspaling fail. your just gonna let me starve ? 
is downloading sims 3...even if it is only on 1.8% haha yey. i have a feeling i'm gonna cry when i see my car 
@J_xox im already missing it on thursday!! ohh i really wanna do it!!!! 
@_savannahXo haha sucks taht im off, but ur not  im gonna come kidnap u and we'll do sumthing todayy!  &lt;3
@tocupidwithlove beh hari tu aku dah calar camera die, that's why die tanak lend. now everyone in the house thinks my hands are cursed. 
gonna try and have a bath  #multiple sclerosis
oh my goshhhhhhh, counting back just 7 days, im gonna misssss you soooooo badddddd sweetie 
I just slept 3 hours and i'm still tired. and it's rainin' again  || gotta study french now...
Feels like poo.  i think my brain is gonna come out my eye balls
what am i gonna do tonight? hockeys over, texas rangers have an offday, no shows are on, and noone to hangout with. boring 
gonna go play on gh 3, haven't played that one in ages. i will own bulls on parade. wanna play ghwt but bro lost the sticks  bad times D:
oh god ! got occupied with orkut... i forgot had to go down for dinner... mom is calling me... tonyt gonna be bad ! 
@sjm28 thats true, royal wingedness roflmao yeah he does dunno what im gonna do after next sunday no cas till next year 
gonna practice... still no kids 
it's friggen warm outside, i was gonna stay out there until nikki's but it's just too warm. 
I wanna leave class cuz I really dont feel great 
singin thi song about you!! 
awai will finish werk ard 730am and by den ill be at werk already.  if everythin goes well later tdy i'll rush hm n play with dian.
I have to get up and clean soon  @feybee But after I'm done gonna curl up on the couch w/ a good book....... What are you gonna do??
schools so shit!  stats exam tomorrow + art :'( gonna fail stats so bad, i wish i could have swine fleu just for the 2 and half hours xD
cant stop coughing, its 2.30am and i had to get up cause i cant sleep,can hardly breath  feels like im gonna die or stop breathing ahhh 
@Daviesgravey not happy sad cuz its gonna hurt 
i feel like im gonna pass out. i as just sleepwalking. 
this mix i gotta say is one of the best ugh....i gotta find a cd burner sumwhere 
i sleep, i take pills, and i just lay off my computer not watching tv or anything and my head feels like its gonna bust out of my skull 
im gonna miss mosa and max and kyla and ap music theory 
just proper laughed at coach trip and come dine with me, i honestly dont know what im gonna do when paul o grady comes back 
just wanna say goood luck to thee jonas brothers for their concert in london tonight! i'm sooooo upset i can't go    
@daxholt i feel ya'. it's like they are everywhere. and they were even on the view today  i just wanna smack them both&amp;they shut the f up.
eh gonna start on my huntington reading today 
i get to see my cousin tonight, he just got out of jail its gonna be weird but exciting! still depressed bout orlando 
ok i'm awake  gonna take a shower...who knows wat'll happen today cause i'm 18!!!
@kendra_ftw i know  its gonna be torture
@anniemou yay! you're on twitter! have fun in vegas! im gonna miss you 
oh damn i wanna go to seatle...or sacramento...or atlanta again..oorrr i don't know just wanne be in the states again 
@DenzelBurks no i dont  i think im gonna make one tho when i get home i would make one now but its blocked at my skool
@l0zza where fromm? :o we're gonna get swine flu 
@stephenhinkle no  but my sister is gonna be support staff and I told her you were at first camp, she got excited and hoped u were at 2nd!
finna head 2 dha shower... itz been a slow day... 
ok, I'm out  I'm gonna cheer up myself with Japanese peanut!! nom nom!
missing people...goodbye league..im gonna miss u ppl!! 
omg my seniors are gonna graduate today  im gonna miss them so so sooo much
So I juss got mii ticket number at the dmv...mii nbumber is e753 nd e isn't evn on the effin board...this is gonna take 4eva 
@thereasonwhy hope your car gets fixed soon! i gotta drag my mom and sis tonight and they dont wanna go 
at the doctors and i have to get a shooot!!!  im gonna cry
en la casa d titi jenniii =]....can't wait to see him again...i miss u mucho...nachocheese lENE...lENE im gonna miss u next week end 
en la casa d titi jenniii =]....can't wait to see him again...i miss u mucho...nachocheese lENE...lENE im gonna miss u next weekend 
aww i just realized that bcuz of tonite im gonna miss the bachelorette  can someone could plz direct message me who goes home??
tired.... gotto go to work tomorrow  gonna crash now... gud nite everyone....
worried about doin this color, i think its gonna look like a basketball but thats what she wants  oh wells!
gonna miss my brother. fuck 
Just found out it's gonna cost $400 to fix my car. 
@jdee313 @heartbreakv i guess no one has it  sigh sad face im crying now guys! jdee u gonna let me cry!
sucks soooooooooooooooooooo bad wat my babyy is going through i just wanna be with her already so that i can hold her 
sigh. and with luca toni in its gonna be brutal. onyewu was going to put a foot on it, but didnt at the last minute. poor howard 
@JayChiLLL lmao miss u too!! When r u gonna hang out with us  !!!
#Amazeballs i have the worst spots at the mo 
@robinista dude there's a chick-fil-a on every corner in oklahoma.  i'm gonna have to do some research.
gonna go to sleep now. feel a little dizzy and sick. 
@ModelBri: okay I feel better, I just wanna be included with my lil sis and her adult decisions  is that's so bad???
@caro_hanspach oh no, i'm not gonna see you today! now i'll have to wait for harry potter ultil wednesday 
@MissMoGreen na shit aint open yet! 
@erin_amour when i get out to highland we gotta do somethin for your birthday since im not gonna be there 
oh man! I don't wanna go to work 
@gabboucla that there's gonna be a tour.  You just make an educated guess.  I feel bad for the Aussies. 
I don't wanna leave vegas  but looking foward to sleeping...got sick yesterday...boo stupid sickies
juggernautssss(l) hmmm, early start tomorrow. so im gonna gooooo 
I might as well print all the shoes off viva la diva cut them out and put them in my wardrobe because thats the nearest I is gonna get 
@DAniellababiex3 but u know if u come now yur gonna be waitinq in the rain 
@austincarlile good lord, outta control. i wanna see your boys before they go home!  i like them lol
@djsourmilk i was gonna follow him til i saw that orlando sucks he got as his pic. sorry  
@oh_babydoll that song makes me cry so much  i wanna ride a train up my lover's arm...
@tommcfly is running away from me [?] just because i tweeted him, he went to @mcflymusic  LOL! a dreamer n unlucky girl, gonna cry  -n
really tired, think im gonna be sick... 
@theeAdversary Ta, I'll contact them in the morning, really going to have to change them. 
i wanna be your girlfriend, but you're gay oh no  @miguelstdancer
Still feeling like shit. Not how I wanna feel after such an amazing weekend 
Lightning is flashing. gonna rain. sky is cryin 4 me.. 
i think ima just go to summer school  and get my shit done cuz i dont wanna gap my education what cha think?
off to bed gotta work early 2mora! hope it wont rain ohh pls dont  .. nite twittersssss...
$#^#@^$#&amp;$#^&amp;#@^#@ i think im gonna fucking cry. blink-182 sold out. omg. fuck my life  im sad now.
still doing the article  gonna die soon...
omg. the little girl is gonna get hit 
@nando623 im gonna roll up the corner and cry for 90 mins 
i think im gonna cry  6 PAGES! i hat my teacher SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much
my head is hurting  im gonna pop two excedrines and drink a red bull)
i think im gonna cry  6 PAGES! i hate my teacher SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much
im gonna miss my niggas jacob &amp; julius next year  they should go to bernal too!
promotion was pretty boring. im gonna miss some people.. im so fuckin sick.my head hurts and i gt a fever 
sorry, no internet right now so i really cant get on like i used to tweets!  Imma try to get on as much as i can but for now thats that!
Feels so sickie and is about to get so many needles in my face  I just wanna watch the oc
@JasmineRaeMarie ohhh.... but im gonna miss it!!  we'll chill fosho.
jus got home wit ma sis lolz 2 much effin homework  i luv ma chocolates&lt;33333
@coreyhathorn asjkdf, way to be a bro.  I wanna see it.
I have to work without my belt on  my pants r gonna fall!
i have a wedding saturday how am i suppossed to be tan by then?! haha ah studying for spanish... nothings helping im gonna fail 
i just wanna kno my grades...  i check every 5 mins.. like there gonna b there and i kno there not...lol
my head feels like it's gonna esplode 
@KCaulfield naw dude. i'm at a conference in north carolina. i'm not gonna make it chicago. 
This is gonna be a loooong weeek.  http://ff.im/41nuh
Tonights shift is gonna be a shitty one 
@wildfirefitness girl I need to have a dinner party! lots of healthy food,I gonna do it before we have to leave pdx  ur invited!4sho!
@songbirdb82 ugh talkin about draining but u gotta make that $$$ he goin to new mexico this weekend 
this summer is gonna suck. who am i gonna go dumb with if its not my twin? 
@inElRitmo YOU NEED TO !!!! youre gonna regret it if you dont. i dont wanna say &quot;I told you so&quot; if you fail your exams  lol
hated this weekend  i want a new one  i wanna be happy {that sounds way too emo u.u not cool hahaha}
@Vince216 Haha yup its cool. I don't wanna be attacked by mosquitos  lol
gonna join despair faction soon i dont know how to join the MCRmy  i want to
f-ing flight delayed. dammit...gonna b really tight trying 2 get car b4 dey close. can always count on united 2 get u der l8...no plan b 
@selenagomez hey there's someone on myspace saying there u and u wanna goin the kkk u should check it out cuz it's just so mean 
@iamjuice what up!!! man, I wanna go 2 phx! I heard ya'll went out 
@AllyBingham haah yeh it was good gotta love a bit of hm next season is going to be the last  aha
what the shit? how did i get so sick? all i wanna do is sleep 
@steelerzgirl07 when r u gunna have another live chat? i wanna pop in!! i miss u all  @dance_angel @leenuhvfc @dessy_14
Gagh, I dread to think what this elbow is gonna look or feel like when I wake tomorrow  Shows tonight weren't too bad tho.
@Stephgivelas  im going into panic mode already! gonna go eat dinner
f that, #squarespace, im never gonna win the iphone 
hope i get this job! ughhh...my summer is gonna suck ass! 
  idk wat 2 do who can i trust me im sorry 4 all da pain i have caused nebody ima take dis time out 2 straighten myself out i luv yall
watching the series finale of pushing daisies. i think im gonna cry...... 
i wanna join. really bad. but imma be a senior. but especially cus imma be a senior. 
@kittun i'm dying cause my unemployment check hasn't come in the mail yet  i wanna go to that one over the 17th so bad. frick.
I dont wanna fall asleep, cuz i dont know if i ll get up 
im at work, my feet hurt and im gonna be home in bed alone tonight 
@RihBread pheww ok , i almost had a panic attack  how long ru gonna stay @ mt sac? i dnt wnna stay 2 yrssss ugh
@BiancaCrazyBull my life without hanging out with you is SO boring!! im gonna miss you 
@HILHolla somebody is gonna get murked again 
i cried a LOT today..    gonna miiss yaa girls
zomg! when I woke up, i swear that I gonna tell my interesting dream to my bro, but now i can't tink of it anymore   I bet it's interestin
ki gotta go to the dentist again....   
Oh fuck me. I don't even wanna think about saying goodbye. 
well getting ready 2 go back 2 floride 2moro...im gonna miss my family though 
@teebabay89 y aint yu call me @ReBirthOfFAME  pple that don't text me! 
@BritTopModel   im gonna go check out the kitchen; bbl
@shanlovesannick hahaha no shittt ;) last lesson  im gonna miss youu
gonna sleep now my stomach hurts way too much now 
@ rissamazing hahaha truee blaaahhh im tired and i have so much crap to do tomorrow ): i wanna do something fun though 
it's only a few days left  i think @peterfacinelli's gonna lose.but still go team carlisle -slash- peter! xD
why make lip-gloss that's gonna be sticky so you can't, like, kiss people, or drink out of glasses? At least no animal suffered for this 
i dont thim its gonna work ugggghhh so dissapointed 
isnt goin 2 the mall anymore  but is still gonna have fun 2morrow
@Enamoredsoul ive also gotta figure out what loans of my defaulted. this is just getting bigger and bigger.  lol.
@IAMDiggitydawG  me too!!!  i loooooooove twitter. dude, busy mo nmn jan sa red cross thing mo!!! 
@BabyMaqui why u gotta hate on my giants? 
Ugh! I can't find any jammie pants &amp; my wash is still damp  gonna freeze my buns off in the am!!!
i have never felt so bad in my life, i hurt tha one person that means tha most to me. nd i dont know why i did. gahd, i love him so much. 
I'm not gonna lie, movie was creepy as heck. I hate to know that I'm going to sleep alone 
Aww im gonna miss u sarah  hopefully ill see u when u get back
Over working myself. I can't handle this, but I gotta force myself to. 
why is your arm gonna dissappear?! 
finds the storms relaxing after the long and crazy nite I had...gotta lotta studyin to do tomoro 
@JamaicanSlimz25 jus mek mi say night in peace nuh without u try to distroy it 
Feels like I'm gonna puke  I eat too much barf
Just tel me y ur gonna cry in a direct message please 
today gonna suck, my eyes keep watering coz i miss him so much 
gonna watch some t.v before going to bed, need to wake up early tm thou 
@Nidiamazing I am sorry i didnt think u were gonna get on 
dance again tomorrow! i'm gonna be so sore  haha AND i have to dance on a sprained ankle. ha fuck this sucks big time.
@maridomin not unless i wanna fail, gotta finish this work, and then sleep if theres time left and then review again!! 
so so so nervous about tomorrow...gah gah  Hopefully tonight proves more successful
@yoadriii my phones charging  if not its gonna die. &amp;adams talking lol
going tutor in 5 --   gonna have this song in my head'! 
@siobhanyy that was so wrong when he said &quot;why do the extra effort when they're gonna die anyway&quot; ahh I feel horrible now 
@bonjour_zach LOL it is! ! glad that's over and done with :3 have to go now  sister's gonna use the laptop adios! 
missing out on grad night is gonna suck. 
...just wanted to ask about that st johns thing i have to do for hallam. u knw, going there every 2nd monday to cook.  i dont wanna go !!!
gonna take a shower, then off to the course 
Goodmorning world!been up 40mins and hav managed2hurt myself twice,u can tell what kind of say it's gonna be!!i wish we didnt hav toes  !
@SwanLin i have class  i really wanna go though. oh well. i think i'm just gonna regular gym it or do pure strength at 6:35 ?? dunno..
jeez, nothing gonna do  so bored!
Looks like I'm never gonna win #spacesquare but I really don't want to do homework or tests anymore  French will suck so bad on jeudi
flight leaves in 2 hrs. hopefully i can get some sleep. im gonna miss belly. 
ugh im gonna go to eat medicine again 
Oh nooo please dont send me anything regarding messaging format, I dunn wanna know or involve in that    #imnotITgirl
Morning what I suprise I have another headache  it's getting beyond a joke now!! Wish I could have Been there last note gonna watch vids
gonna go fitting baju soon. hope it wont upset me again 
is sad that the karma gain is so little.  http://plurk.com/p/11ay7l
I just dont know what to do anymore? i wanna see my mammy 
just made a twitter, gonna see what the fuss is all about  will be a change from facebook! although i really should be revising 
@ixn lets go to the flo 2nite! yahh kais udh ke bali? we sud meet today!  yea, u're damright. lol gonna miss the dumbass hauhau
@lolmonsters um i dont think we can do ours tomorrow- laura aint gonna be there+marisa has the stuff and dont have a phone number 
@obaadepoju Awww man that's no fun cause that's just what I was gonna do 
@sweet19 hahah it was ok i got sent home becoz i am reali sik hha might have to go to hospital !  but yeha wat did you do at skul ?
With li-anne and farah in the bus now, looks like its gonna rain 
@MarahEuqor im gonna destroy the engine of the plane ur into so that ur flight will be posponed! ha! lol! xD dont leave us yet 
gonna go to my night class nw!  i dnt wanna go...
@ShanteCurtis LOL sorry, i just had to tell her that. LOL love youu!! gotta go back to work in a sec 
they added a new zodiac sign. i wanna be a scorpio forever! 
@brummy_dan  whoops..... not gonna ask....u'll be warm then.... 
feel like absoloute poopy today! wanna go for a walk but dont know if ash will have time! 
quick pit stop then out. @psibreaker i wanna look like im in the matrix  oh, and make an important political statement definatly ;-)
back from college, watching my vid's back. i dont wanna face it that its over  bring on november!
@numberSEVENfrak me too  i feel like my head's gonna explode 
@Kraftmatiks me? fite with u?with d way u dance? lai lai...i can NEVER fight with u...u dnt share d moni with me...not fair 
awww sucks! swine flu is gonna stop alloquan (have no clue how to spell his name) from meeting us all, speshly when he dsnt even have it 
a camera crew tried to interview me today as i was crossing PKiN.  all i could say was przepraszam nie rozumiem po polsku 
ahhhh, im bored and tired... but i dont wanna go to sleep 
im actually gonna miss my hott history teacher 
@twit_julie thanks! im gonna need it so bad. 
is sick  All I wanna do is lay in bed with hot tea but gotta work..atleast got my hot tea...
goin 4 d chem class..gonna get screwed 
@jynxypanda not really dear... at least not yet. hahaha. hey what time do you get off tth? im looking for a ta cha buddy. 
god knows when im gonna see their gorgeous faces again  hopefully won't need to wait long...
im gonna leave this land below da wind tomorrow...so em sek tak... 
body shop u suck  still no oui oui oui lip stuff...just gonna give up me thinks 
gonna go grab some breafast. somthing tha doesnt involve chewin casue my teeth are starting to hurt today  !
@jonotan wha-wha-what about people WITHOUT ipods.. 
....Just got myself ANOTHER ticket....next time I think dey ass just gonna take my license away... 
buh-bye! bro is gonna use the laptop  tah-tah for now ;)
@ade_shayne I'm goin to have to go to the shop.,' I think there're a lot there O_o so no wi fi for me fonr 
gotta run down the street in my pyjamas with a toothbrush in my pocket  embarrasing.
working on my pictures for college. not too sure how everything is gonna turn out.. 
This is gonna b da longest, most tirin 7 wks eva...  twitter will b my life support...
no xbox live for 24 hours i think im  gonna go insane. 
@linrose we're gonna miss you 
is suffering,bcos of her stomachache.. 
It's gonna rain in the mountains...haven't seen a bear....and I have 120 pages of script to write 
i dont wanna get my teeth out  im nervous!
is eating a cheese and ham omelette that i made  and gonna learn chemistry now 
@jeja6 @sashababy22 nah but this violence though?? P.S. I miss my crazy ls #6 
Taking down my ish is nowhere near as fun as putting it up...where is all this gonna go?!??!  dumpster time.
Omw to work and I'm gonna be late smh  @PopularP so far I'm having one of your mornings. Lol
gonna go fix my things and go to sleep  i hate weekdays :|
@azizijones dang.. ur gettin off cheap! cuz I still have my adult tooth stuck up there.. its gonna cost me mor like 6 g in the end... 
ahhhh i have cheer and track practices today...  im gonna be sooo sore not even damn funny
@GhanaDivaNY  i gotta keep the sext figure
@PoloBandit lmao, ah man, im gonna need whipped cream to enjoy these properly when they're done, boo  well, baking iAm lol
ok officaly love the saying&quot;ino right:L:L&quot; xD got a huge problem on the glen front  dnt no wa 2 wear:L
@cupidshotme the message for the titans? hahaha okay but I wanna go that  I extinguished the fire too hehe
@MsJerzi  you are only as old as you fel.. U aint gotta ignore me, I can just leave you alone.. geez... 
@Ninalicia omg im gonna cry i just got a call sayin that i cant go 2 the pool party in south beach cuz i went 2 the underground...wtf 
Hey sweets! @spontane No  I've been lazy but I think Imma go see them tonite
kevin is gonna be gone pretty much the whole summer   
On ma way to el casa!! Hopefully ma day doesn't just consist of sleepin and being bored 
@LinZeeStarr  you don't wuv me any mo? hope ur being a star, where ever u are lol
@ninjaavie89 that's goood that someones in the same situation, haha...boohoo, really wanna meet them 
when is the sun gonna blow me a kiss??? 
U should just let me blow u a kiss ;-) @KComer when is the sun gonna blow me a kiss??? 
Just woke and realized i am not gonna get the cd till 5 bc thats when my sister is  coming  home 
@damodagr8 are we not friends anymore ..cuz u never wanna go to lunch with me 
Ahh!  I hate bein in pain i think im gonna cryy
In tha mood 4 some chocolate...who wants 2 help me wit ma craving?  
I can't sleep thinkin that LVATT isn't here yet  I can't sleep because i wanna hear and sing their new songs (the ones that i have)  bye
Maaaan, skype is not working. damn annoying. really wanna talk to her too.. 
oh no i think he is mad at me.... wat am i gonna do!  if i ask him will that be showing that i am guilty of sumthing? or shud i just ask?
@WillSmith95 agreed! gonna miss everyone so much!!  x
@rpena1975 I wanna go to the laker parade sooo bad!  but I go in tomorrow!!
Ugh today is gonna suck so hard. 
its mah birrthdayyy tomorrow. ahhhh, studying for mah permit, then for finals  fml
@JessicaLaforest ooo ur so rt ima keep a journal and take pics whenever I can..I'm gonna be gone for a whole week  but its all goodie!
Hanging out with amanda and doug is gonna make me lose weight from the lack of food going into my system. 
No more hbo  I feel like im gonna crrrrry
@Martno1 omg what woman want is the best film ever!!!!!  i loves it lots hee hee  wish i had known it was on!!! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - i want 2 go buy it!!!...im gonna cry if i don't!!!!!!! 
 i dont feel all that great. my head is gonna explode
@kaymiah wen will u pt ur pic up mr kay and u didnt play my song 
@qzia Holy shit!...... But I gotta wait for the 3.0 jailbreak....  I gotta backup my themes and whatnot...
@extralife crap! I wanna help y'all out  but I has ulduar tonight
@greekshow nooooooooooooo! she can't dump poor max  &amp; noooooo! cappie can't deny his feelings for her! don't wanna wait for season 3 
@tootise86 Not yet he doesn't &amp;&amp; I don't want him to do it at all cuz it's gonna mess his career up. 
http://twitpic.com/7ki51 - the least of the mess i have to clean 
@piebell522 that bed is on its last leg..it will break. Aww u gonna miss ur sister 
@Ayyashe can't do it,cuz every thing is so m3affin w akeed kl 7ad yt7ar6am fa '3em'6oni 
So fucking pissed off ; having a shit evening &gt; am gonna end up taking it out on jordan when i speak 2 him  then i'll cry &amp; feel bad &lt;/3
I gotta sleep, but I'm not seriously tired at all  fuck that. I don't wanna sleep till noon tomorrow, cos I never get myself out of bed!
gonna watch revolutionary road...hope its actually good. everytime i look 4ward 2 a movie, it disappoints me 
 meh. gonna disappear into duvets and dreams now.
@QueenBitch93 well yeah aha xD but my dad won't wake up  but i'm so gonna get it!!!
We gotta find you  
i hope my little boy is ok.  he's gonna have to have that wound glued again 
dude i feel like im living in a tyranny. i wanna go home. 
@yung_b  dayum we was supposed to go in on dat 2getha.. u forgot bout me 
@NBducksgal i have the same thing too! omg never?  you gotta get yourself to one. no way?! you likebruins?! ive never met ne1 outside of
so i gotta flat this mornin...sucks! gotta get a new tire 
I feel bad, someone is gonna twitter tonight because I forced them to 
My laptop keeps switching off due to overheating. I think im gonna have to send it back, but that means no net or podcasts! 
@GoodiesbyShane good luck with that...never seems to work for me...gonna try tonight, though, gotta leave for airport at 3:30 
my laptop got stolen right out of my place wtf am i going to do now!! this is B.S.     my mom is gonna kill me
Not sure how much more I can say coz I don't wanna get in trouble. Only been working here for 5 weeks and her label are too strict 
Sitting in the trailer being bored its gonna rain later 
@electric969, ahw sadness im just gonna b a junior 
@Heyyjamieheyy idk somewhere north las vegas. im soo gonna miss being a california girl 
#Lauriol #margs with besties! Imma aging  @johnmwilburn
i hate watching romantic comedies by myself   when's my romantic comedy gonna start??
still working. its 3am and i'm soooo tired  gonna watch some big bang theory episodes and drink some vanillia tea
@vfclovexoxo LOL spy kids 3D?!! and Imma go off in 5 mins  I need my beauty sleep lol
oh space jam. &quot;but mommy i dont wanna go to school today...i wanna stay home and make cookies with youuu.&quot; lmao. i wish i could play sims 
so I fell off the roof, bruised every inch of me...tomorrow is gonna suck 
at home again.. still sick. fml. also im gonna cry if @jaimeeashley doesn't come to gc for crunktymz 
Off to a softball game soon. Its gonna Be soo cold 
My sleep pattern was so nearly fixed, then I decided to play multiplayer OpenTTD with @vibroaxe &amp; now it's gonna be broken again 
@yanniestar im thinking about it!! cus i sure do wanna come...imma miss u 
@alyciameeker y everybody gotta b so hard on jada 
@hernandez524  shit i guess im gonna miss the parade...i will just settle to see it from t.v 
@mcyrus1fan lucky i saw them in the bahamas too they were awsome (jonas bros) wanna see them again 
@nicolegraziano . Ayy lovie, my procastinatin ass hasn't got my tikk for electricdaisy* yet .. They gonna sell outt ??  I better do it ...
@sweetteasc just sent you a dm. And yes these kids are crazy too. This final episode is gonna be good. I missed the whole season. 
ricky is so gay he is gonna move!! fuck you asshole!! 
i cant stop listening to coffee break..  im gonna miss farmingdale so much.
@coldsubject ya man, i got internet on my phone but it costs money. I wanna find why this happened 
Y is my room so fing hotttttt  this ac is gonna make me sick 
at school now  and starting work tonight  ahhh im gonna have no life anymore
lol i wanna but gotta work sat n sunday  did john bonner switch classes?
@VernaeWilliams good good good... i'm gonna look... 
err..tomorrow is gonna suck...makes me not want to go to bed 
@misscaseyfaust well i think we're gonna leave on saturday but my dad said the flight might be booked  but we should do somethin b4 then
Just went swimming lawl. I wanna talk to my boy  ! About to watch never been kissed with my sister  and sommer. I love daisy of lo ...
@Jayneemurray wrong! your life is not complete bcuz you no longer are seeing me tomorrow!  im gonna go cry in the corner.
how much longer is xbox live gonna be off. 
@meg_ay somebody broke into it 
got back from the boy's grad party  omg it's gonna be hella weird not seeing him and other people around next year :/  i miss them already
&lt;3broken, just on myspace. @thereallfo isnt coming to vegas or anywhere close. im gonna cry me a river now.  no fair!
I'm gonna need a buttload of tylonol to get me out of this one 
@RobMode  We're gonna miss you!!! Be safe !!!
@NYCStyleGal even more sad panda! I'm gonna miss kevin smith at carnagie hall!!! I'll never fulfill my dream of meeting him 
@nyramohamad grades ku teruk teruk ah. thats bad. after cuti lagi second assessment  yooooou?
looking for a job.... might be movin to sacramento... dont wanna leave my bf behind tho.. 
@karenyalize omg, u guys are crazy, I don't have the kids today... But I feel sad, so I'm just gonna go to bed 
@jonathanrknight wanna hear something gross! after the m &amp; g in pittsburgh, i threw up outside the m and g! my nerves got to my belly 
@MissMillions well rite now I'm rappin but I wanna do more pop and rock. I just dnt have the means or backin 2 do so 
@BeezarreCardoza baby.....I feel so sick, ugh carlie doesn't understand. I wish you were here, I wanna cuddle  and carlies an ass.
gonna do some some jogging, i have cramps 
@musiiicbox yup! me too. anyway, gotta go to bed. got off at 1130 working late planning an event and gonna go in at 7am.  cya!
its gonna be 1 A.M till xbox live comes back on. @EthanGroves 
darn these silly boys. i wanna go to sleep  my eyes are starting to get heavy but nooo gotta wait for them. *shakes fist @ derek &amp; casey*
@Chelss182 yeah i checked didnt get one  fucckkk wat im gonna do  
Finally home jus left my boo and I miss him already  off to bed gotta work 2morrow twits goodnight
Uggghhhhhhhh wtf!!!!!! Last fucken cup!!!! I can't believe how many times we hit the rim, they just dint wanna fall, I lost 
Feeling more at home now then ever...too bad it's gonna be so short lived 
@a94mae oh watever i bet you do have one you just dont wanna put one up 
@oliviaftw http://twitpic.com/7iy70 - haha that'd be awesome. arggg i wanna go to warped sooo badlyyyy! 
I will b there friday, I wont b contagious anymore but how in the hell I'm gonna not drink 
okayyyy I'm the bitch so I gotta find him and apologize 
@poshpantspaddy I reckon it's gonna be 8 am 
R.I.P for my my grandmother, born: may 2009, died: june -09.   -I'm gonna miss you &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
ok yall, i thnk im gonna go to bed. cant keep my eyes open anymore. still gotta finish this milkshake...wtf?  lol o well. nite.love u all!
@NiNJAHATE no  I haven't had time yet. Imma try to watch it when I get off work tomorrow
@sbtm77 oh well... now i really dunno what am gonna do with the cover i have 
@emmysays its gonna be rainy tomorrow  boooo
@PrettiCh0ColatE mah treat? lol. yu silly girl. yu mah girl for life but ummmmmm yu took me off yo top 
This heat is unbearable. And with the monsoons nowhere in sight, I dunno what's gonna happen. 
@JannioGuzman pa dnd rayos tu vas? que your gonna miss everyone but me? 
@JannioGuzman pa dnd rayos tu vas? que your gonna miss everyone but me? 
@aidaa_ doesn't work. gotta w8 til I get my computr again. 
ok thats it!! i'm bored i dont wanna study  *sigh*
i think were gonna be okay. . . 09.26.08 &lt;--after 9 months thats what it came down too 
going to disneyland in a few hours with brother and dix! yay! but im gonna be missing the parade 
@chrisMibacache yeh ive got an assignment to do. lol i didnt sleep till 1 or 2am  yep tomorrows gonna be boring as. whatchu doing tonight?
gonna try fallout...but not enough space 
' gonna go to school now too  blegh.. hate it
@gatedialer huh :| do u have any idea when they gonna release it?  can't wait anymore...
@tofuatomic yah not looking forward to that too much...prolly gonna have to veer off and do my own thing 
Trying to sleep but I keep getting the feeling someone is gonna break into my house and murder me 
@DAMAYAxGABAR aww thats so sad when she doesn't come that one night  haha such a good movie i wanna watch it now too !! lol
My boy is really ill. I hope he's gonna be ok 
interviewing a playmate tmr. this is gonna do a whole lot of good to my self-esteem. 
http://twitpic.com/7lytp - Last tweet before flying  gonna miss you internet xxx
@lorihooood aw beautiful abbs, i am too  think im gonna get a shower after jeremy. Its gonna rain when were in town and its been sunny
gonna do the rest of my homework now! 
on my way to the gym I go I'm llike late &amp; my trainer is gonna kill me for it  
just had my last ever exam  lastday ofschool. im gonna cry. im gonna miss this place so much (L)
@yeowhuei wanna kno how it feels to be celebratin almost last 30somethin birthday??? think of me &amp; u ll probably feel better!!! 
@FFFmUse what is the feature called...I don't have imovie..as I don't have a mac  ....gonna get @samcarew on the case
uh uh having computer time...ahh i wanna go home so bad  but: last wednesday in school ever :O reading the new slam zine &lt;3
cant believe i stayed up till 2am took a nap and now its 615 and still no 3.0  gonna try for a few more zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
@vishwaskasat cool ya.. have a nice time... I went to trek some 4 yrs back  ab meri bari hain jalne ki
grrr banks are too stupid!!!!!!!!! omg is aaaanything gonna go right ever?! miss you daddy   xxxxxx
has no idea what to base his third trailer on Imma cry 
@KapFire gud gud have ma examz goin on..  
@mindcircus lol nope! just more work usually!  but this year, i'm going to turkey with a friend, gonna be totally awesome!
missing tai chi tonight  - sadness  
aaaahhhh my bb's battery is almost 0% ! Arghh! But I still wanna chat on msn by using my bb to kill my boredomm while I'm on my way home! 
@AbbiDawson my mm says I'm gonna have to go see uf the class is on 
on bus now, bus driver totally overcharged me and its pouring down, gonna have to stand at oasis in the rain, nice 
aww... my typing speed decreased...  gonna work on my moomoolahs!
@Braders007 yeah hci doesn't seem that bad, cs and cm is gonna  take up the rest of my time!! 
Morning! Todays gonna be boring. No doubt. I'll end up watching millions of movies like I did yesterday. Yes I am that boring. 
@Rkoluvsdiana ahh aweesome! where ya gonna see them too? .. wish they were coming near me  xx
@ilinajoy aren't you coming too?  ah hm the movie i'm seriously gonna cry .. a lot!
@CasperStorm yeah...and im at band practice  its gonna be a long one
eww now i gotta do history 
@KritiA ohh check that on godaddy.com...abdc.com available hai ki nahi...btw did u make it to the twtup yest?? I was at fault yet again 
hmmm...taking my time, just slowly packing up for my holiday. am so excited! but am gonna miss my baby brin so much! 
Its still raining and i've to go to another office  gonna end up looking like drowned rat...again
hahahahaha im soo tired but i wanna stay on cas of my friends  well gn to you all
@FABOLOUS09 sooooooo when u gonna come over 
@porkyosogorjus aww poor baby no u dont because then a fuccin iron bar gonna fuccin fall on u nd imma b 
@imashkaarto18 iya shk me too  shk ternyata kita udh harus standby jam 7! Goshh what time do I hv to wake up! I live in cinere btw d'oohh
@_Tanyya go for a walk then haha i usually do. I keep goin really dizzy as if im gonna faint  i duno what it is ..
@amieewhitney i don't wanna work. hmm. i'll see if i can find diff. videos. if not, no can do, sunshine 
grrr i really wanna go to taylor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@jspotnigarma it's kinda awkward and shit kasi wala akong kasama humirit  boooooooo! i want my old classmates back X(
popping to sutton at half 3, wanna get some stuff from topshop but im owed loads of money by people 
OH: mornin all... idk y but i couldnt sleep last night and i was wide awake at 8  gonna need a nap later http://tinyurl.com/m3l2dd
fuck school and work...i don't wanna go today  ohh welll
@jamesonb4400 u farming??? It's gonna get hot. 
@_Daniellaaa, summer with you is going to be amazing, but im gonna miss you if you are in greece! 
I'm REALLY leaving.. bro's gonna use the laptop  buh-bye!
@_hayles im ok hun.. awww youl be knackerd now   bed early tonight,,,lol. xx
@stuygurl no wonder, I was like oh she don't wanna talk to me hmph  lol wa u doing tonight?
gonna get ready for work 
@EvilSurfer awww  shortty gonna miss ya
When am I goin 2 drive ma dad 2 da airport  I shoulda shame. bout I cant drive, look from wen I learnin. dad sey I drive like im in a game
@evyevol im going to your house on friday vi @KarolinaPutri im gonna miss you poe 
CONFUSED! gotta think right 
gonna go to school... byeee.  i love beat freaksssssss.
gonna move out soon...which means nomore living of my parents money 
 im really gonna miss talking to all my tweeps. But, im gonna keep a pen and paper blog, and post it after tour and i should have pics too
...hals tut weh.krank 
having a cough.. i think i'm gonna be sick soon  nights people! i gotta go to bed now.
@ninamorena nina morena mo mooooo....when imma see yall again? i havent even been to the new house... 
supposed to leave to la, sick lagging it. i think we're gonna miss the parade 
@robsmada LOL!! I know, gotta let the mussels go, don't want to, but i have to 
tell you what people, we're gonna be hard pushed to get #peterfacinelli to trend  #peterfacinelli #peterfacinelli #peterfacinelli
@nickjonas i so wish i could watch american tv..  i love you guys.. can't wait till manchester 22nd nov  gonna be amazing. loveyounickxx
They are together  I gotta get overhim sooon Or im gonna hate life
@LauRenxExCarter lol thnk qod I'm not there anymoree;; now I'm fienin for tha rest of ma foood 
@warrenaissance i love virgin  .... im gonna miss it :*(
anyone wanna be my twitter fren. i doh have any 
@AshleyLeimer  only place i havent been yet - always a long line and i have a feeling its gonna be just as expensive  but i will try soon!
My girl left me, I'm lonelyzz   gonna relax b4 I get all housewife w/ my cleanin n laundry n what not.
oh my gah is harry potter really comin out on the 15th?! suckk my diick im gonna be in europe  totally grinding my gears
Were in windsor and gonna run out of money.  Laaame. 
Just got home from school (: hopefully brittany will come overr cause im gonna be boredd! And my computer wont turn on 
just got home..gonna work again for almost 12 hours tmr... Lemah nak kene bangon pagi2... 
@ChocolateeChip- no fair, I wanna go to the interview with the jonas brothers  I adore those boys :/ hahaha. it sucks. lets sneak away!!
i dont wanna studyy ... uqhh    hatee reqentss.! cant wait till theyre over!  (listeninq to &quot;solution&quot;-hillsong united!!  )
@ChrissieZito we're gonna miss you!!!! 
off to the movies with my tia josie.....gonna read about my love later on.... 
@prometheusbrown man we will be at the BKHHF  where yall gonna be later?!?! man we gotta link!
it took dem abou 2 nd a half hours 2 walk it bu it was mad craic hahaha nd dey robd all my clothes 
@ShainaP  I wanna come out with yall tonight but I gotta get up hella early 2morrow
im so stupid!why do i like a guy that doesnt even know i exist?i mean seriously im never gonna meet him.thinking of him is just a waste! 
@MissAshley07 ewww yes dat is gross!! LOL But my trackball had fell out like 2x's &amp; it looks like its gonna come out again 
grrr, child development homework plus a whole load of coursework  i just wanna scream!!
@conswell ok missy! im gonna need you to turn that  upside down!  now doesnt that feel better?!
@mictoaad ino same im just gonna heavy bung of my parents then pay them bak..or not !!awh i wish i went man naaa im not   no festivals!
I'm so high..dont wanna come downnnnn -luvvv this trey songz joint woulda been my summer anthem if we had a summer 
My ipod jus died out on me   wut am I gonna do for an hour and a half....
@hweedon ohhh bad times  u gonna come to my pub crawl 2moro to make you feel better? x
#squarespace sigh we all know it's impossible to win  just give up ppl it aint gonna happen!
 iPhone activation server not available. gonna give it a few... my friend had the problem then it started working... argh...
i have purple bangs and im feelingggg it !! but of course my tiwtpic isnt working soo u guyz r gonna have to wait till i get back 
@partywithgmack i can't be there  wish i could. I know its gonna be crrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzzzzy
::work:: gonna be here for a while 
gonna get some real life right now. bye bye love you all, love you so much @SaraUnderwood, you are my favorite for everrrrrr 
em tedio city ja 
fuck i missed my 1500th tweet! and i was gonna dedicate it to @HerrCykelpump and all 
@EmilyMarieox hahahaha i know, bad times  but you're never gonna let me live it down! xxxx
got the book for ap lang gonna start 2night after my homework  i dont want to &amp; im sooo full i cant even think about food till 2morow
@rebeksy haha i'll probably end up getting it..its gonna be a pain getting used to a screen keyboard though  at least its sideways now
@tidesandclouds  I'm gonna come out there for that or some shit. have to.
@maggdre i have to be in san jose tonight 
gonna miss them 
@ChelleyJ what status update?? o yeah, i gotta close friday... no &quot;year one&quot; unless u wanna go late 
gonna get im the shower just got back from kickboxing (: but im tired my leg hurts from running 
im sooo tired  im gonna hit the sack gd followers .. sweet dreams .. xoxo
I don't want to b at work till 10...yo kiero una margarita and some snugglies!! 
finals start tomorow. grr.. gotta do good to graduate. hardly studied 
Ugh. 'Three point oh-no' seems to get bored of using wi-fi and switch back to 3G without so much as a by your leave 
Other wise you gotta come out the pocket 
@dori23 aww i miss @DonnieWahlberg  I need more facetime! im prob gonna wind up in texas in july
grrrr i dont wanna do this anymore! its taking tomuch outta me 
Feeling super insecure with ma new dress. It's shifting all tha time and makin me uncomfortable 
Whats the point of having wisdom teeth when theyre gonna have to get pulled out anyway 
@KhloeKardashian I wanna go! please can I? 
Doing homework about Budgets... it's gonna be difficult... 
@supermac18 yeah mac, i cant play the video...  i wanna see it. it looks great by the title!
@ddlovato awwh. im gonna miss out on not seeing you. 
@jimjonescapo just gonna throw the twitter jump off in my face...   http://myloc.me/4dJj
looking for new pumas, a car and a longboard (skate). yeah this is gonna take a while 
@gimonastero i was just listening that song hahaha creepy! weird but i like to feel sad and blue, think i'm emo  brb, gonna cut my wrist
@JeSS_141 hahahahha dont you worry babyy you'll learn soon enough!!! its gonna be days &amp; ul be hookdd...ps love ya pic! miss you babe! 
@bradiewebbstack lol gotta hate those deadlines 
even tho 4 some reason its not showing up that im following @shakefire &amp; @peteroberth...hope my entry still counts i wanna go 2 hawaii 
nights like this is what im gonna miss...dont forget about me 
@i_am_dre brother my dad jus told me he needs me bible study tonite... So im not gonna make it 
I should go to bed early cuz my head hurts but i dont wanna! 
@YungHov i wanna hear it.  Why dont you send me music anymore? 
@NotoriousKutty lies?  yea ill get on in a few, gonna sign of twitter soonish to try &amp; get productive
doing laundry...mom n dad gonna arrive today...too bad sis couldnt come 
I'm not gonna be able to see my cousins tomorrow  This sucks...
@n_mcgorman I wanna know who doesnt! Ps your twit pics aren't showing up 
@corcarrasco oooh he he idk omg im gonna end up going to britney alone 
Oh no don't start with intermittent connection. Tgh smangat buat kejer neh 
@KhloeKardashian I wanna come to your party. I'm 25 and never been to vegas. I know I'm sad 
yi gong gong gave us some durians yesterday but i could not eat much cos got abit of sore throat.... sianzzz  the durians were nice though
oh mah goddd  my head is gonna fall off. @patrickaxe is being sweet &amp; taking care of me.
&quot;im gonna find another you&quot;....  
driving a pedo van. LOL moving back to sydney for 6 months while ethans working in qld...wooh..hoo. im gonna miss our house 
dun feel like doing anything..haiz wat to do..werk is werk.. 
watchin this new beyonce dvd a lil dissapointed  i guess i expected it was gonna have more on it
@Steffelz thanks, i'm super excited!  It's gonna take 2 years though... 
@webcrush @legalcookie I'm still too chicken to mess with my phone. Not gonna upgrade after all. I'm a weenie. 
@jonaskevin ok gettin really sad at no resonses  gonna give up now.... love you guys still ps kevin you should sing more i love your voice
@CarroHombres hehe deans quotes r epic oiii its gonna be a while till i get to ep 10 
[not gonna b hea fu 2 days......goin outta town....juss a heads up ;)] ima miss yall 
ihate when ur at the gym and the machine u wanna use is being used by someone else and they keep looking at u like ur stupd for waiting 
@snxy damnit! you beat me to it! I was just gonna post that! 
i dont think ima gonna say anymore... 
ohhhh.....lordie....i would love to hang out again...but it seems that its not gonna happen. 
alcohol is apparently not sitting in my stomach yet  prob gonna vom again tonight
@ska_o_licious I was on that shit for a whole year, I know how hard it can be  Seriously if you wanna talk I'm here
just woke up...been sleepin off this migraine headache since i got done work @ 5...now im gonna be up all nite 
Ugh I think I'm gonna puke.. I feel so sick right now and idk why  I'm like shaking? Gahh
@pat_mann noo why not winston lol. yu didn een say bye  buhh its ok.. why is it bettah?
damn. i see ppl tweetin lol. wanna talk but im only tweetin to say goodnight  
im gonna go to bed to now have to get up early 
gah its raining!  i dnt wanna wait 4 the bus.
@EricMasiello your right. this 3.0 update actually kinda sucks.  makes wanna jailbreak this bitch.
#iremember havin 2 get under my kar yesterday all coogi'd up 
just getting in. found a dress. yay. ummm gonna txt @alicewonder3 and snuggle mady (her last nght in tn for 2 wks  )
missn ma life... especially the part tht ur in... 
@thej1nx dont cry  everything's gonna be okay.
@violentblues e ok mai pe seara? I gots lots to do today 
@MrsDazzle so sad that with all the aaron stuff going on on ontd i thought it was gonna be aaron carter. 
mmmmmm..........toooo confused bout ma future!!!... 
@imunpredictable well I wanna know y u didn't reserve ma hotel 4 N.O...lol...u dnt want me 2 go 
@francoescalona yup. bukas.  kagabi lang nag-sink in.
@zawfi does dat mean im gonna be dropped off your list 
aaah! i'm gonna miss weezy concert 
fuckkk idk if i wanna do football anymore...mo's done and idk if john is able to do it.. 
Its gonna suck not getting free apps for the next few days... 
blleeehhhhh! one final down one to go :/ then DONNEE!!! but i still gotta pack,oohh gawdd 
ahhhhhaaaaaaahhhh! the dentist is gonna hurt my teeth! 
its gonna be a boring weekend  no movie to watch #fb
Imma miss @shelyndsey... 
oh  well if you really dont wanna go, dont. its not up to me lol
hmmm wanna go shoppin again 
Ugh I wanna finish Ghostbusters but dont see having any time to play until sunday 
@emsdemello i think theres gonna be a party on the 26th  lets ditch and watch ppp together.
I think im gonna have to go to the hospital tomm &amp; hey it surgically removed  im seriously freaking out
@cikasugeng iya neh.   gitu deh ciiikkk... lot problems in my life. but hey, that's life toh.
@tobynonline and no school monday but im so gonna fail all my exams 
@ericaddy vans tan and a shorts tan  its gonna get worse on friday
Looks like it's gonna be one of those nights...  
Why do I feel like the night of my bday is gonna suck? No one is excited 
@daysoftheold ballz I don't wanna go to that shit hole again 
gonna work on letting go although i dont think its gonna happen  night peoples
going to sleep soon. im gonna cry tomorrow.  im going to miss ALL of you. come to our reunion that no one knows of thats on 2012
@jAyIzMeE I aint got nan!  Imma have to go buy something when i go shopping for the club later today 
I dont wanna get out of bed  #fb
my cousin is going back to india.. gonna miss her so much.. 
@dsthestar1121 somethings up cuz i cant see ya updates  im gonna remove u and follow u again and see if it works
just had a really emotional talk with my family  gonna go to bed
@CalEvans ohh why not  could be useful, gonna start on the certification soon.
i wanna change this blue background.... but somehow cant 
@imakathefuture im taking tenn to the vet.  i'm gonna cry 
ugh i feel like crap,my whole body hurts  today's gonna suck.
@cisforcupcakes we couldnt go to the pool  but if u want to go I think we r gonna try again today hahahaha or workout instead.
@MargauxAlcid kidding i got your fb. go to school na!  world his :&gt;
@KaterinaBee egw oute mpanio den tha prolabw na kanw!!  thank god for the aircon!!!
awh, this isnt gonna work out is it 
Removing dead links to closed shops in squidoo lenses...   This is gonna take awhile.
@djredz I jus got to the parkin lot and jus missed the bus..he prolly gonna make it b4 me 
@doombox yeah  but the pro is were gonna be sorta prepared for hs. pero parang nabigla kami :|
I really just wanna lay back down.  im so tired didn't sleep till 2
I am so frustrated that the damn robot keeps fucking reply. fuck I just swore again. his gonna keep fucking around with me 
moi missin' ma mariaz d' camotez [nanie, basion &amp; bot].. f only angels cud read ma totz.. i nid miracle @ diz effing moment.. 
@fingwindmills I feel for you. I have less than two months...I know it's gonna get worse. &amp; sorry your little one had a bad dream! 
@lilaznangel16 hey if it makes it any better i jus looked out the window and its pissing down now  gotta love it here -.-
feels relireli sick so gonna get dressed and go in the toilet n try be sick wiv dignitey (cnt speel but u no wot i mean lol) 
Man can't believe we're gonna be laid off 
dang that ortho....my teeth are gonna kill me in approximately 45 minutes 
i leave on saturday  imma miss mi computer
ahh! im running late, gonna shove my hair in a beanie! ahhaha..... not seeing brian anymore 
@danikkstar i said i miss u n u bring up charizard tear  hahah he dont wanna talk 2 u lol j/k
when's my new iphone gonna get here. le sigh 
@favier oh well it's kinda boring haha ! i wish i could have some fresh air outside. wanna go out with friends  how's ur thursday so far?
thinls she should get outta bed......but..she doesnt wanna 
you wanna know what stinks more than anything?? waking up thinking its friday and then realizing it's not.  
i reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally wanna see jb on 21st too. 
is it true the world is gonna end in 2011? 
i dun feel gd nw. it's all abt me. i feel soo unlucky. idk y n wat. i dun wanna  grow up. 
Days like this u just wanna stay in and cuddle...but I gotta bring my ass to work  how disappointed am I?
So tired and now frustrated and confused that I totally am just gonna cry... 
@sunnykins love @ yr dream. gonna cop @khingz cd asap but looks like i cant make it on sat, no sitter 
uugghhh i gotta clean  BUT we got sidewalk @ 3 so woohoo
Everything I've ever had on my computer is deleted. I legit think I'm gonna cry     omg all my picturessss  
Feeling kinda sad at the moment.    gonna do some revision for physics soon :/
hOw dO yOu get the strength ta let sOmeOne yOu lOve gO cuz i hOnestly dOnt knOw 
im gonna miss the script playing in london TONIGHT!  &lt;/3 (U) :'(
@boocharles this one got stolen at outback  i left it there so... my bad. but then someone camnapped it.  fml. gonna velcro it 2 my face
i cried while signing yearbooks...i cried while saying goodbye....now im gonna cry while seeing you go 
talkin 2 my friends......skool is ova  im gonna miss my friends....but i had my first kiss 2day lol
does not know what to do tbh !shes offfline .. i dnt wanna fight .. i dont wnat joel .. or adi... i want her to accept my apology  love u
waw , the watter was great , too bad that it will rain tomorrow  yeah the sky is going to show my feelings - csause I'm gonna write 2tests
@infinitecrimson Gotta get into that ain't even kno he had new one out slackin on my musiq 
so...def skippin class tonite  i'm never gonna make it 
i wanna see taylor swift in concert so bad but we cant afford them 
cant believe the end of 2nd term is upon us, im gonna miss my little snot noses next year 
gonna go eat!! have to find something we dont have much good stuff right now!! 
i've just realised how much im gonna miss phil the biology teacher, awww he's lovely bless him!! 
@jordanknight I wanna vote for u but theres no plus sign and I cant vote. Pls help 
im stressed bc all I think about is dance all I wanna do is dance my soul crys out for dance what should I do??? 
I hope i pass the permit test...gonna suck if i dont 
it's gonna be a great bbq 2morrow! but i think also kind of sad 
oh jesus i think i taught myself how to belly dance.. i'm that bored  when the hell is summer gonna come?
gonna pick up my bernal uniforms later.. eww uniforms next yearr 
No fair. I wanna be in a hammer pants flash mob 
@ChynaJ they just wanna make O man look bad..but it aint workin lol..yoooo its supposed to rain on saturday now 
really like picasa more than iphoto...gonna take a long time to transfer though 
@jay_curtis I'm never gonna win anything from #squarespace 
@NikkiTaylormade working  ....im gonna try to switch that one class to online
@teampeach  awwww poor peach   are u still gonna get the liquid out of ur hip? Is that right or did I change it haha. Ok I can't wait for
Why u telling tht nigga for?? N y u gonna stop talking to me??  @1SmooveCriminal
omg before i watching tv, i just see a coooooooooooool bikinni  gosh i wanna have it
@AyeTy nah seriously wha happened? 
Furiouspuppet that is extreme.   you gonna be okay, babes?
@GirlSixx you're gonna hate my guts for the email I'm about to send you.. haha 
@alexsmithtellem hahaha i was gonna pick the 2 or under but i picked cubs... 
@pissedoffoldguy man that sucks! whatcha gonna eat now? 
@amanda_mcpanda seriously i wanna buy someone one cos i aint just orderin mine 
@RobbXD i would but i do not have the dollar  im gonna apply at maccies again now lol
jessie and angel are gone.. they went to mexico for hell knows how long!!   im gonna miss them...
have a meeting at 6:30...don't wanna go bc they ALWAYS start late &amp; ALWAYS end late 
Sadness!!! My most fav store is gonna close  I gotta get to a city 2 buy up stuff quik!
baskets lost  nevermind... gonna win it anyways.. gonna go to bed now.. gn8 tweeps
All this is stressin me rite out =( i have a bad feelin that im gonna 4gotten about. You'v all annoyed me  i have lyk 2 proper friends x
@auntie_seh i want a pzone AND a slush 
I went to wamu with my bro and left my purse and now I wanna go shoppin'! 
This thing is stressing me out!!!!! I'm gonna try to sleep now! shhtupid macbook! 
now im gonna put my honda up for sale, then my nissan... 
Last day of school  Imma miss you guys....K.I.T &lt;3ya!!!
gonna miss the seniors 
I'm gonna miss south downs college  this autumn everythings going to change - it's gonna be so hard saying bye to everyone as they leave
@amulsp lmao ur gonna be missed, ill have 2 find another prick to torture. But they never give it back like u. 
@19fischi75 me also like u as u r sweetheart! tha only harm is that u r so far away! 
@msdrama They the homies, I was gonna hit that event too!   damn priorities!
i lost a follower  im gonna go cry now
0kay. Imma stop tweeting these celebs. They be hurting my feelings! They never respond! 
@xxRoxy damn!! I was hopin u were gonna persuade me to get out.. I better get heating that milk up!! 
gonna miss the party cuz of basketball 
eww...it's rainin outside &amp; i wanna go out 2nite 
@ChrisTeddyP nah I gotta work 
@CaraeH i gotta wake up at 6  so wat time do u have to?
thinking most def gonna retire the twitter 
i wonder who it is that keeps calling me private and hangin up. i be real anxious to talk too  i wanna kno the suspense is killing me!
@DoodlebugFtDOR *stomach growls* *mouth salivating* ur gonna have me feening that goodness and i have 5 more months of no bread to go 
Trying to take a nap but I can't damn energy pill  haha my mama is gonna kill me maybe....
Just popped a tylenol pm bcuz I'm tired of feelin like this. I just wanna sleep it off. 
gonna throw up, come 5pm I'll be one happy chicky...till then 
hey its l!! chillen with C. today was my last finals!!! faild  yay. wut evr. gonna make a video soon just needing some ideas
@marcmywrds i knowwww! idk how im gonna live without it   what kind of antics have you been getting into since youve been back lover?
mann ma stomach hurt . baaaaad . and i still got another 30 mins for i go bck homee 
super sick bleh doesnt feel like im gonna get better any time soon 
doin a system update on my ps3... ugh didnt realize 2.76 was gonna take so long 
@phantom_rose oh ya.. Lol totally.. I wanna go to twicon already 
tired  gonna relax with some good old supernatural &lt;3
Everyone else at work is gonna be in vegas... Imma be at home... allll by my self 
$450 to pay out my phone  its gonna take me foreverss
kind of sad my friend is gonna pop the question  damn military
tired as all get out..its gonna storm  i hate storms
im reallyyyy gonna miss you 
@shayycotts birthdays suck i know mine did well sort of and its gonna suck this year even more 
@skoosie dude that sucks. i gotta go next tues. 
just ate aparugus and didnt even  know it. made me not wanna eat anymore...and it was in the best tasting one too.  still bomb as fuck 
@ShhSandy  waa no no no i'm gonna miss ya a lot girl!! whit who i'm gonna talk about the jo.bros? or miley?taylor? with who? just with u
...gonna read again the cases assigned by our law professors 
@xxTylerxoxo ugh. idk if I'm posting tonight. I'm soooooooooooooooooo hungry I don't even wanna type. 
Looks like its gonna be a crappy bday weekend 
the po-po shot my friend's dog! r.i.p gotti! 
@iamFrankBlack I gotta come smoke with my bro at least once  its long overdue!
@christyseals I fear that it's gonna go above that price again 
probably getting my new pc 'till my bday, that's gonna take forever  I must make love to photoshop asap!
Probabley gonna fail this exam  even though I know alot I don't want gonna happen will see
i messed up my own plan by spending an hour read kimi ga suki 
gonna go lay down and try to sleep. gotta get up at 6:30  blahh! goodnight all my tweethearts!!! tweet dreams xoxoxo
@ALESHABELL yea i go 2 la fitness in buckhead..i tend to slack off alot..help me  but whnever u wanna go lemme know!
thinkin about whats gonna happen monday cause ima gonna die without them!!!! 
I'm gonna have to pull an all nighter to finish all this shit!! 
off to california in the morning with shelby!! im gonna miss sofi though 
going home.   im gonna miss my lover baby. 
thinks im gonna give up loving sports...i cant do it anymore 
This is gonna suck 
@sweeetnspicy really??? lucky  i wanna see jonathon in person lol i don't even know his last name hahaha
i dont wanna take her back to daycare  but gotta make this money.....she will be ok tho i knw her
Watching the boy in the striped pajamas. Its crazy sad.  im gonna cry.
@ITs_JaiAsh oooooooo ur gonna block me?   i was jokin about being a doc  not about using the noxzem
tear im gonna miss chlo and aaaaacattyisamazing when u guys leave.... 
happy birthday to me!! if anyones gonna be around tomorrow I wanna go for dinner at nakashimas. call me! working tom 7-330 
bah, fly in my kitchen. its gonna land on the counter and then we cant make food on it anymore. 
gonna go and eat some raspberries and then go to bed 
wont see my baby till monday or tuesday...im gonna miss him 
 The Aquabats are still without a label and so can not release their new album. Why cant anyone see that this one ios gonna be huge!
I feel like ranting...but I'm just gonna stick in my ipod on go on... 
@subjectpredicat when is there gonna be another nerd party? I'm hella bored 
omg when's this gonna end!?  eat and sleep later. I'm out. Latee.
Totally don't wanna leave my little rock peeps! Just weird to think ill never be back....  http://myloc.me/4pj6
@NikkiNick ooh ok.. well im gonna hop in bed.. and watch some tv.. text me whenever.. im sorry.. 
Going to bedd soon. I am sooooooo tired  gonna fall asleep to the sound of &quot;You're the one that I want the one that I want ooh ooh ooh ya&quot;
finally done with work... gonna hang with hubby and go to bed.. really tired.. no warhammer for me tonight 
The studio gotta smokein section....  I wanna smoke guess not ...just vibein though
its 601amn i cant sleep!!!!actually i wanna sleep but im soooo f* bored 2 move from my chair!!!im gonna sleep on my laptop..... 
@lusiine gaaah!  we gotta plan somethin' !
I really don't wanna go sleep but there's nothin else to do that's fun!  I'm goin to sleep 
Just had a heart 2 heart w/ bestie. I kno dat eventually i'll move on, learn &amp; grow 4rm this... But its gonna take time 
@juneashleyyy aw maaan, I wanna be w/ ya guuuys 
Just watched major league w/@spookysaint121 i think we're gonna watch this more than x2(gotta love art class).  I'm not really tired 
I can't find my straightener  I'm gonna look like shit tomorrow...
@roxycottontail why philly???? Why????  lol  babyrox is gonna hold it down I'm sure
feels like goin to do grocery now..but meeting starting at 2:30pm, and then there is a 4:30pmhow lah..sunday gotta work 
I Won't ever gonna see someone like her again 
@mi_nai_nai missing you and the rest of ma gurls and guys 
@judez_xo oh   why would u wanna live in melb its freezing D:
still awake...sometimes being single sucks...u no sometimes u jus wanna cuddle 
gonna watch a lil TV then call it a nite..no school tomorrow, what a bummer 
@sWEETs41 i kno its hella hot and its jus gonna be worse 2mrw 
eating some really good chinese food! my bung hole is gonna get it tonight!  feel it gurgling!
@shook_kuan har sure ah? shit thought wanna go watch tonight.... 
@marco_cali  ya. The rugby is in dbn. And I'm in @capetown  gonna go watch it at a pub with some mates #fanofrugby
@ummgeri i didnt even see you today  and you were all blah blah im gonna be out of school blah BAWL
why am i still awake?!?!?!?!  ... gonna start cryin soon...
im not gonna front these bitches about to get all my money 
working later. fucking fucking lazy!! i wanna go out &amp; meet my mates 
omg, #k-on ep.12 was good. I'm gonna miss it so much  #otaku #anime #azusa #yui #moe #pleasedon'tend
how the fuck is a 24 hour grocery store gonna be closed?    how am i gonna fix my watermelon craving?!
@RaYDiSNey      whaaaat theeee fawwwkkkkk i wanna meet jack and sally   when are they coming backk oh em geee
@wxman88 ohhh, booo! I was gonna talk wx w/ya if you were still up!  lol, sleep is good though, esp. w/a busy day ahead! hopefully ttys?
oh no... sullys not gonna  have sticky up ears 
Is now sittin here feelin like im gonna fall apart..but gonna try and hold this smile on my face to make believe i am strong..  .. yeh . .
@RaYDiSNey  maaan you gotta tell me if they come back cuz i wanna meet him... was hee supperr tall or did he jst have a big ass head?
@opheliac14 yeah, that would be the one. and i wanna go with her sooo bad. 
ugh stupid time change, all my tweeps r sleep.  who am I gonna tlk 2 now. lol. where my la folk at??
gonna go and prepare to go out..still have to find the keys from my motorbike anyway!already checked the fridge..not there 
not allowed 2 go 2 movies cuz iv gotta babysit little brother 
 the thinggy short stack r gonna be on isnt working its not letting me say shiz!!!
@MuzicChiq yea were gonna hella suffer 
im gonna miss him soo much! tennesse then the grand canyon... 
Lol try wat?? U gotta be specific I be forgetting wt I tweet  @jcstud_28
So sad proms over  gonna miss everyone!!!!
i miss kuya and papa.  they're leaving bangkok tom. i can't wait to see them!  okay, im so hungry. gonna order food now! \/
someday somehow we're gonna make it alright but not right now  - fathers day sunday (N)
@GiGuialaSajorda twitter hanggang sa bahay?!? Inggit ako sau, cant tweet in the office anymore 
its SUMMMMMER ! im gonna misss you 10a  xxxxxxxx
i dont wanna sleep... but theres no one to stay up with me... 
I wanna steal mr tays hat. @itsJessicax3 wont let me yell at him and ask through the window 
Proposal was hella good... I wanna fall in love. 
im feeling so mentel la lately.. all to thanks to my baby zidan. GERAM jek.   mati larh.. next week gonna miss baby zidan badly!! 
Just arrived at ef, waiting for the rest. I got sore throat  oh god, i dont wanna be sicccck!
Heading into work, gonna bet Sfo is on another program 
last london trip, how sad  gonna be grand though
@MrKhaotik ima have a much tamer weekend than yu lls*...I haven't been with sorors and frat since I left school 
Today feels like its gonna be bad. 
heard that @AtomicOutlaws are playing malarkeys on saturday....without me!!! im bummed that im gonna miss an outlaws show 
gonna miss the jonas bro's on the today show@al roker 
@javs52 - like i said bro , forget abt gears , ms aint gonna fix it, like it or not , there will always be host advantage in gears 2 ,sad 
im leaving today and im gonna miss my best friend ever soooo much! 
@Trayzz omgg T.. how is espana? and the chicos? wezz was amazing. ur gonna miss it next week aswell! 
cant wait for tommorrow, it'll be fun... just gotta find a way to get there and back...  dont wanna rely on anyone...
it's gonna be another short weekend...sna nmn mejo matagal p ung pahinga :o tinatamad p aq weh 
gonna make food yaay...well not for me, for some people 
i have not bloghop for awhile. idk what they wrote on their blog. gonna read soon. but i have no time 
i just wanna see miley in concert.  
gonna go now. sandy's not online anymore anyway.  gotta hit the hay. =P~
@discomaulvi hayela.. aap shadi shuda ho  zongchick ko young generation (like me) kelye choar do please :p
@amirahamir maybe during transformers?  but gotta confirm with jess if its gonna happen right? what happened to your feet? 
@30SECONDSTOMARS it looks pink with lightning and theres gonna be a tornado... 
ok so like were  having some drama with the show i guess so now we don't know if theres gonna be one i fuckin hate life sometime.... 
hmmm... i think im gonna sleep early tonight... i feel so tired... 
@kk021 i'm thinkin we should be at gypsy by 930, so come by at 9? also clau said she cant come  jo is gonna come i think, and i asked mich
@ika524 not fair it's 18'deg here it may top 21'deg over the weekend but that's it  can u send some heat this way ha ha !!
Ugh. It's gonna get muggy out. It better friggin' rain. 
i think im gonna get sick 
@5METERS  well, crap. You wanna come over this weekend, tho? I can pick you up. If you don't mind my piece of crap ride.
wah twitter firefox killed my tabs!  I don't remember what they all were... now it's gonna bug me all night.
just woke up..ughh packing my stuff to go back to chicago  dont wanna go i lve being home
stressing has everyone got exam results and im stil waitin on mine, i dont wanna fail first year so worried 
my eyes hurt, my throat hurts, i wanna cry  // gonna lay down for a bit // born for this - paramore
noooo my momsz tawkin bout us movin!!!...i onn wanna leave my baby... he da 1st thing dat came 2 mind wen she 1st gave me da newsz... 
Woman hope u enjoyed urself today syg kita tak shopping  next round whn i can afford to splurge double spudbar and berrybliss okay
im so down right now ....dont wanna do anything but talking to u  but the question is where`d u go?
cleaning my room out; this is gonna be joyfull 
i miss my friends. sis sucks  but i love being at home, dont wanna go back to prison...
@songzyuuup u slippin on yo twitt! I would have liked to know u were in my city today!! Now Imma miss u!! 
@amberrrniiicole yeah! i know!  i'm gonna try and get out of it. i really want to see blg/nsn. ughh i'm dying without my phone. haha
damn, i gotta wait around aon a friggin ride home.. 
@beat_ ay, quiereme 
@JTaddeiFlix I miss U S ma! *sniff sniff, tear* I'll b in city 2nite for a happy hr, wanna hang after? gotta go to f*kn mississippi 2moro 
@2thfairy76 ha ha sorry    I just wanna make sure you know what I'm doing
soo excited i cant wait!! gonna miss marc soo muchy 
Awaaaakkkeee. And fuckin tired still. I wanna go back to sleeep.  damn this body for not letting me!
yeah, i was right, there is now sand in my yard. joy  it's gonna kill the grass again.
ok so walang sumapi sakin na marunong mag capoeira.. boo! i have no idea how weird my performance looked.  but o well!
@memerylane ow ow ow ow!!! It hurts just to look at that!  this is gonna sound nasty but putting milk or cold oatmeal on it really helps
i just realised that my high school education is officially over!  gonna miss it! 
failed history, mom gonna kill me, dad too 
@maddoxhardcore nuh forgot to apply 
Aww t0days thee last dayy 0ff sk0ol  iim g0iing t0 miss myy LiiL MunchkiinS &lt;3 w0rk is actuallyy g0na be missed 
aint got nuttin ta do rites now  lol
So... I have to get my tonsels removed  its gonna suck ass but hopefully I won't get sick anymore after that.
gonna rain tomro and its edgefest!!! 
Looks like it gonna thunder  I don't like thunder  I scared of it 
I'm gonna miss kezia, tijey, irene, acha, lucky, brian, sammy 
@ missymissymissy im not!  ill be at work, &amp; its gonna be scaryyyyy!  &lt;celiaelise. &gt;
REALLY tired - wish I had the energy to go out tonight, but just don't know if that's gonna happen... 
@kim_flores oh and auntie irene is taking chan and them to the city today freaking lame huh? I hella wanna go but I gotta work, 
gonna be twitterless during the daytime  bt tweeets i shall b back at nite..im a freakin twitter vampire!!
oh no im gonna be late to my first meeting  ...
@CorinaMarlene lol nice i need one too....and um don't think i am gonna goooooo 
@GDGOfficial why are u always in columbus oh when I'm in la..so sad another show I'm gonna miss 
is gonna chill tonight, shame theres no jool holland on later 
@mgogel oh great..now everyone's gonna steal my nickname for you!!  http://myloc.me/4vwL
its official im bored, i wanna go out and find some cute musicians but i got no money 
I'm gonna miss my lil bugger all weekend 
i think im gonna go sell some clothes at crossroads and buffalo exchange 
sitting outside and as usual it looks like its gonna rain!  
@faithvoid i've jumped around so much i hardly remember and didn't save them all  der. hold on i'll give ya the two i most remember
Such a nice paycheck and it's all gonna be gone trying to fix this 
i dont wanna cause a scene but yeah... im diying without your love 
Starting at hollywood 20 on thursday...im gonna miss bonita 
@TheSonOfHarlem i'ight back n da chi fenna hit up the puerto rican fest n parade this weekend los my i.d @ body 
i wanted to wear my cute white shirt tonight at the meeting b/c it makes my ladies look scrumptuous lol but its gonna be too cold. boo. 
@arch_angel19 i wanna get my swag on but i dnt wanna drink alone whats the fun in that 
not feelin very good... had a fight w/ meh friendz 2dai.... not talkin 2 each other now... in a bad mood... 
my tail light its out  gonna attempt to fix it now, or just watch lucas do it idk :o
@LuvinMeSomeD that's the prob .... &amp; why it's gonna be so tuff....it's my last one 
gonna have to wait 25 minutes at bustop cos missed the last bus home from the last busstop 
Off to work. Fml  im gonna have hat hair for the party 
@fuller811 I'm not gonna wish you luck...just don't die...I don't know what I would do without you in my life  lmao!!
well no se right now in the dieg s house spent my time bueno quisiera conocer gente  jijii see ya
@HayleyyFitch lmfao i know i wanna make minee, but my sister's still home!  and she's in my room, like always! erg i don't like herr hahah
@mcflyharry eu te amo, dear one...and good night  wanted to see ya sooner in here :/
Nect person that makes me go to the 99 cent store is gonna get punched in the liver 
@mylittleponys lol bless when r u gonna finally come see me? It's been like 4 years since school! 
@JamesUK2009 i dont have an irish accent..i have no accent Lol...yup..im never gonna get therethey keep unfollowing  Lol
feelin depressed...i wanna go n show support, but im so tired w/feelin hated and not havin nobody tru. 
@mcflyharry hey harry how r u?? well wanna come c u guys but not aloud  lol  love u write bk soon xxxxxxxxxxxxluv jess
@thacabrino yeah, but i don't wanna leave the ppl here 
@TeamKristen LOL. like niggas ain't abt to reimburse me for gas. but maybe i should go. i feel like i'm not gonna see the club all summer 
Oh my days, the guy next to me on the bus has the worst bo, I'm gonna be sick 
jfskfjkj im gonna miss everyone so fking much. I never want to leave stl. 
@zebr0 oh, yeah, okay... :] ahh, im gonna miss u!!  ...u can't text over there can u?
#iranelection If I see that mans gaping bum again I'm gonna be sick! 
Imma get a fever-i knw it cuz of wat hppnd on da beach lmao, im gttin shivers 
@omgitismanda it's gonna like down pour any minute tho... 
Things are NOT turning out good. Everyones together without me, this summer break is gonna suck and .. I'm gonna lost some friends 
All alone in my empty room. I miss my comp already.  gonna full up the car and leave it soon.
@dave020 but cause the excitement i cant record all i wanna do  no pude grabar todo! last year where did you see her??
@sway75 its in halifax, gonna be full of shitty bnp party chavs   x dntdiss hebden i work there moose x
#dontyouhate when goolish lookin females double take @ you???...that shit is madd scary son...like they wanna kidnap u or somethin 
@YaGirlDWoods hey d. woods have u ever felt like im neva gonna b able to live my dream cuz i feel like that i wanna b a model so bad 
@amandakirana huuu, mau padusssss  nynyi we're all in this together ya? sorry baru bls sekarang, internet error -__-
gonna miss mom til wednesday! 
They dont have my believe bracelet anymore! I wanna cry! 
my #backtothefeature is trippin  ill get it fixed yoo is there gonna be a stickam tonight tho?
@KayleenDuhh  darn. I was gonna screenshot it too :/
I have got the sorest back for some reason. about to take some painkiller. might have slept wrong?  gonna get some breakfast and play cod4
a few more days of boredem and im gonna find myself unhappy with things for no reason&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; eerrrggg..... i dont wanna be a bum...    
#dontyouhate when u hella juices to p90sex ur broad and she say &quot;nigga I just got done shittin, u might not wanna do that&quot; 
@Moniqueex33  guess we jus gonna have to reschedule then even tho it sucks lol that was a nice plan layed out i had
@AgentParrilla i use a program and loop random shit together until i come up with something that sounds good. i wanna lear piano though 
@brittsz lol only cool people sleep in that late tho..and yah me too cause I really wanna go, I wish the harajuku barbie was going tho 
@samueltwitt1 Following, but can't make the show   when ya gonna come see me?
yah im just gonna give up rite now. no famous person is ever going to talk to me 
thinks its gonna be hard to keep logging on and updating w/out a mobil. 
well i feel a little better but still kinda down  im gonna talk to yvonne tonight so thats somthing to look foward too
@speshtian this is why I follow @afterellen lol. .. nah I'm not watching, internet connection prohibts   When r u gonna watch?
ahh i broke my bros psp! hes gonna kill me even though he's 5... im scared! 
i hate crying  rip g-ma
@skyhawkmatthew aww no thats no good... I wanna download some stuff damn computer 
barely headed to corpus. gonna get home late 
I don't think it's gonna storm... 
#dontyouhate that, da shit you wanna say is longer then 140 characters 
@radpoptart  me 2 im sooooo scared i feel like theres gonna be a thunder storm 
@EvsAPrincess @therealjspace I know. Imma miss u guys. Wish I could be there 
@oceanUP is that link gonna be posted on the site?? i hope not. i dont want it to loser viewers 
no temecula for me tonighhht  gotta be at 2 places tonight.. off to numero uno.
#dontyouhate when u have an outfit in mind tht u wanna wear but @ the last min u realize its either dirty or u can't fit it anymore 
@kchangalang ahh come saave me banooshka, i feel like im gonna die  not good at all
gonna head back to sd tonight! i want some baked goods..wish someone would come with me to a bakery 
I have way to much files on my laptop ;( this is gonna take forever 
@amandamurphx imma miss chu too  when do you get back? we need to hang outttttz.
need to go home but dont want to! i dont wanna work tomorrow! gna miss my daughters bday party 
when i go to the Philippines im going to shop non stop!!!! tehe hahahaha but gonna miss everyone!!  but atleast i get to see my daddy!!!!!
That suxssss  nah iam good I cannt sleep without ma ac ;p
@coolkideric08 its ok. I think im gonna be black by the end of summer 
sorry, i missed the practice for the ssc.  i`m pretty busy kasi, eh. :|
@Rojjy thats crazy.. i feel like we gonna be in school forever 
@NeemWi don't try to play me...ugh @je_nicole nah ppl complicating my evening plans  but it's all goodie now I'm home
@cascandar man you had me all excited thinkin I was gonna hear some safety dance. 
not feeling so greatttt.. i didnt wanna stay in tonight .. blahhh  fml
@danalash... oh and wats plans for tonite? i dont know wat i wanna do!!! sigh  
Just got back from 8th grade grad.. at my chruch its gonna be sad 2 c them go!!!! 
I guess this gonna be an early night cause clearly nobody is in the ville 
gonna ATTEMPT to fall asleep..this shall be funnnn 
@agatorxxx dear allie, i love you! im leaving for camp next friday  on the 1st im gonna wake up and scream and cry. haha
 sorry baby....gonna go to sleep than wake up for work again.
My phone iz gonna be turned off@mdnight.....so sad. 
@rahwita nah girl i meant @khingz cd not tix. cant make it to the sho.  i'll get his &amp; shabazz cd from u if i can. &amp;where can i get a tat?
ok just watched et i want that twilight magazine!! awwe!! sum1 tell me where i'm gonna be able to get 1 in australia?? 
gotta get ready for fucking 'school' having like a concert there.dang I wanna sleep is that too much to ask for 
hmm. its raining againnn  i wanna play with fireworks.
@mysugarisraw nopeee  im gonna try downloading it because i'm slightly....really annoyed by this 140 character crapp; lol
@ohcheeyong download for meeee! get frm u when u come back :p hard to find old chi songs nowadaze  dui ni ai ai ai bu wan! :x
had a nice night chillen by himself!! Imma miss this. 
yo ma bff iis too fukn funny when she drunk... lol home early.. sad he'z gotta work niights.. 
gosh...ultrasn0w setback  i wanna use my iphone so bad...
ok, so i guess im gonna try to write since i cant play my sims 3.  we moved into our new apartment... http://tumblr.com/xn623iyrw
okay. i give up. im gonna eat. 
You've heard of yo-yo dieting? I yo-yo workout  need a good kick in the rear!
@uglybearbible awwww im gonna miss you too!  send a postcard k? LOL @juliantalented
@aariaanaa IMY &gt;&lt; as in excited ako noong thurs kasi i had the 'sorry sorry' and 'learn to dance hare hare yukai' vids for you 
@CzarinaBianca yup im still watching. This movie has the hottest leads ever! &amp; ya i wanna go so bad. I'm gonna go have a lunch by myself 
@dalecuntistrano i dont think so.  im moving to lake las vegas and im prolly gonna stay at coronado. hby? still goin to libertadodoo?
ur gonna make me cry!  how can u make me cry? I'LL SUE U! or however u spell it, lol, jk
@Jelly_ im not kissn ass  lets do somethn 4sure.im gonna turn my phone back on 2moro.gnight sis te quiero mucho
aw monica left  gonna watch harry potter with paula!
@gingerphoto haha I am still up...I am gonna be one zombie bridesmaid tomorrow or shld I say later 
@ndarie sam question here. I support iran election but... I don't wanna be an ogre forever 
wooohooooooo!!! really truly? I'm gonna get a 24mm?!?!?! dont burst my bubble, or else I'll despise u... 
@socalvixen sry to hear that hun 
@reeza01 punta ka dito house! im sooo bored! 
I wanna chris is being weird  and u drank my stuff
@emitinpink awwww ok do u wanna talk about it on myspace? or not talk about it at all? ive had those days  im sorry i love u though! &lt;3 
@curnew All this talk of wieners is making me hungry  gonna have a shower...you coming?
@dork4life Imma have 2 wait  2 hear it till monday 
@juelzdesignz LOL my bad dnt wanna blow ya spot  dammm LOL
god i just wanna scream my lungs out 
i gotta feelin, tht tonights gonna be a good nightttt..well..not reallyyy 
idk wtf is wrong with my insides, but i think im gonna diagnose myself with &quot;half the flu&quot;. Only ralphin' bile all day  i feel terrible
@iCherAnn you should at try dabbling in it again. ;) and @arz_bayani I KNOW!  too many aj vids!! hahaha
im hungry and i wanna eatttttt..but every stall has such long queues  - http://tweet.sg
bein a nigga ain't shit gonna kill me it might hurt for a second but im stayin alive BUT i love her so....thats that 
off to sherwood later. gonna get so wet and muddy 
@marty4484 ok gonna try 2 sleep im in pain bt ill try tho    luv u
wonders when will this gonna stop?!  http://plurk.com/p/12e5bi
wonders when will this heavy rain gonna stop?!  http://plurk.com/p/12e5og
@zoefairhurst same here  i've got to go shopping and pack and do homework .. it's gonna well suuuck .
It's damn near 6:00 n tha morning and I have yet 2 fall  asleep. I'm tired, I'm irritated, and a lil hungry. I jus wanna go 2 sleep! 
@YikesYahooYum I'm sorry, bb, but I gotta go. So tired, plus my daddy just yelled at me.  ily :K
@Rachiearoo wish you were  tonight is gonna suck...
hates the rain  why does it always have to rain in england..when  is summer gonna be here!!!!
I'm always single on my bday  who's gonna spend my real bday with me now?
BOOOOOOOOO !! ...my mr is working tonight .....what ma gona dooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ????!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oh i started crash deiting at the wrong time  ha, but ynot is only 40days away and i don't wanna be the whale of the group. ha. :')
didn't get tattooed today cause I was working  gonna hook up the lan cord and play left 4 dead with sharyn, brett and trinda 
feel like im gonna cry, tis possibly the longest i've spent apart from him since we've been together. miss him so much 
@jbr05ki oh the shop closes at 11pm 
@bigian1103 very nice, sat working at mo and it's raining here 
@goodtea hey there, can u give me the right link, can't get it working  thx in the mean time gonna make myself a delicious white tea!
ughhh i guess i should go to bed gotta be to work in like 8 hr 
listening to &quot;going crazy&quot; by natalie. paulit ulit lang. ugh, i miss him so much. really. 
@rayyp when r u comin back!!!!! u mai hen talk to me loiiiii 
@mcflymusic oooh and also my cousin was gonna come with me but she cant coz shes in hospital 
uh oh, it looks like it's gonna rain any minute, it better not  http://plurk.com/p/12fb2k
huhu..torn up..gotta be strong..gotta be back to kuching nex week 
huhu..torn up..gotta be strong..im gonna back to kuching nex week 
the sad bit is coming up  im gonna cry
these midgey bites r really gettin me down  i wanna wear a dress theday bt it looks like av got flees!
I think my breathing is getting worse. gonna call the doctor again. 
@DaniiLovesDiana aww how come?  miley was in paper yday i soo wanna go :'( sneak me in hehe x
work 11-8, it's gonna be a longggg assss dayyyyyy  but i gotta get that paper!
@paigey1624  hope u feel betta n dnt worry i had a 2 way with girlz on tha ph. tha otha day nt gud @ all win ur bak hurts n ur sleepy
@lilyroseallen oooh you are in luxembourg?? damn i wanna be there too 
wel it sucks ta be me ... wudn evn tke the chance  &lt;/3
@tweetnotpurge1 aw gosh i thought it would be better by now  whenit gonna be ok to run on?
Aww man i'm gonna have one dull saturday  i'm staying in, cause if I go out I will spend money lol
It's gonna be really hot today and I'm going to be outside...guess me color will change 
just woke up, looks not too shaby outside | too bad it's gonna rain 
damnit when can you buy tickets for au revoir simone's show at proud galleries, i wanna go 
She just wanted to know and i know @maria_anne it sucks for your party  im prolly gonna be there the whole time Haha
gonna go lay my head down and dwell... not even sure if dwell is a word right now @ThisIsRobThomas ur a big deal, i wanted to win 
arghhh our lovely dhira is not our leader anymore  padahal 1 minggu lagi brasiliansnya dateng :'(
fuck work. I wanna see my dog 
The last thing I wanna do right now is get up. I have a hair appt. But I am sooo tired 
@nadhiraameria IYAAAA! shit we're not gonna see each other for like 2 more weeks 
@collegiate84 well atleast ur gonna b in the inside n then get rite in the car.. i gota b out in the rain like a homeless person 
Ahhh.. wanna go back to sleep, but gotta head out soon 
And samatha is gonna get so busted for over spending dad's credit card 
its gonna be a hot one here..99, sun beaming, and toooo muggy  wish you were here @amarie022
feeling stupid at totally falling for an obvious prank    im gonna get you back, sucka!!!!
I had fun at the drive in i miss dustin like crazy im so glad i gotta c him before i have to go to florida im gonna miss him so much!!! 
gotta download another software using limewire iiish gonna take 4eva 
...awww its gonna rain on jaybanana7  here goes nothin with tent surfin'
just read the colby curtin story. i really wanna watch pixar's 'Up'. 
i just got home!! ahhh.... i really wanna relax with some pepsi max but i need to clean the whole lot. 
alex is on his way to work. so what does that leave me to do? unpack  I'm eventually gonna have to get out we have no food
going to bday party today + wanna get youtube partner 
@CaseyB86 aw that pic looks like home  I wanna go hooome lol This rain in nonsense!! xx
hmmm...if I wanna make a vid, looks like I hafta resort to using my camera 
my ear still hurtsss..  im gonna have to go to the doctors booo
hasn't had a good day with the kiddies  maybe they'll take on board what I said tho ??? ha ha ha
@nowafludd im gonna miss u 2  u should come when u get off.
@ryanferreira &lt;3 im really pissed though that youre gonna be in pa this whole weekend  my last weekend 
i have a feeling twitters gonna tell me i cant tweet no more 
sleepy.. gonna hit the sack soon!!! throat hurts frm all the singing.. lost my last lozenges cos i popped it frm the plastic and it flew 
ugggghhhh....the humidity is killin' my hair...it's gonna be a mini afro in a minute 
Working the show gonna be fun but i know its gonna be hot as hell outside  not gonna be fun im mixed already i DONT need to get any da ...
just saw claire off to houston  i won't see her for 2 weeks! now finishing getting packed, gotta be ready by 1 to leave at 2!
@michaelsarver1 i was gonna get one but dont want to pay for it LOL 
@superkappa LOL I really want to! It's super cheap to play - like 10 bucks for everything.  I just don't wanna go alone 
@lolankford oh no! I just left the trunk show...not gonna see you  it's still going til 3.
Taking doobie to the vet..gonna tell them about the weight he's lost and the attacks he had last week.. 
@loveannalisa omg tell me about it! It's so damn much and I can't focus! I have a feeling it's gonna be hard 
I dont wanna get up  bleh, gonna clean my room then gonna find someone to hang out with for a bit.
back in lansing. at my bro house again. i just wanna go to my apt! 
@keen_rover @sistertoldja  don't know if we r gonna make it. Just woke up &amp; it's rainy 
'And the black keys never loked so beautiful'  sooo wanna see miley cyrus at the O2 in december 
after I get tatted I wanna go out to eat but with whom? my boo and my ol lady both live in fl. 
-bored outta my mind, i wanna go see my besties 
@lutzkell i think new moon is gonna be way better than twilight- sad bc not much of the cullens 
@NishaJayy not cool  *2 points for you*  lucky you im gonna be starting my new job tomorrow i hope i dont gotta do alot of shit
today is gonna suck..its gonna be amillion degrees outside..  
Only a week left at apple  gonna miss ya allll!:0
stupid dick.  getting in the shower. then gonna get ready and do something.
getting ready for church...stalling tho. so wazz new with thu rest of ya's? too bad my dayz gonna be ruined cuz im going 2 wal-mart  waa
forr some reason all i've been able to thinkk boutt is wahh's gonna happen to him.. it's killinn mehh 
full...dunno what im gonna to do till 5 
my cousin is gonna leave soon im gonna miss her. and i just found out that my sissy is going to north carolina on thurs.  @k_trina why? 
having to endure mamma mia  I think im gonna read a book.
all right im done with basking in the sun....  looks like its gonna rain again 
i'm gonna need a lot of cookies tomorrow to get over the fact that my flat mate is leaving for good...i'm gonna miss her!! 
-I'm realizing that not doing laundry from camp is gonna hurt me. gotta find something clean to wear tonight.... 
kinda sick   really wanna go out tonight tho show my cuzin how tha 505 parties! lol
@ddlovato awee  hope you feel better! No matter what, your show is gonna be amazing 
@aroundtvl yeah i have to go to a friends but really don't wanna deal with the heat 
@michaelcarreon If I get mt tat today, im really gonna wish my best friend was with me 
@mmiller0702 just watched it from my blackberry.....I gotta say wow  I guess I didn't understand how bad it was till now
i guess no1 wants 2 go to roscoes wit me 2day and i was gonna pay too  fuck yall!!!lol
i dont get 2 c my baby 4 a week  fuck! idk wut im gonna do 4 a week O_o
i am absolutly doing nothing today!!  i think im gonna go and rent a dvd.
Shit I wanna move to states lol nothin' cool ain't happenin' here lol 
j is gonna be so lonely after tim leaves  and will miss fk terribly 
@voodooexp2009 when are y'all gonna announce the lineup... I can't wait anymore 
@fknpropa : i wanna go to passa passa lmao and it's too far from my house. i'm a country girl 
eeeeeeeeeek i think im gonna be sick!!!!!!!! 
I'm the american poet. Trying to put love into a sonnet. &lt;3 I'm gonna miss those smrl boys 
I have noone to hang with tonight.  because of @amypetersenb 's stupid mom haha hit me up if ya wanna chillax!
tree stubborn..... don't wanna go down....shame 
@MissBridge I'm gonna need u to get a counter on tweedeck ur tweets always cut off 
@mcflyharry looking forward to july 17th, gonna be amazing! please could you wish me luck for my ballet exam tomorrow, i'm so nervous  xx
@vie_elle awww I'm sorry hun  that's tough, keep ya head up
Its so hot outside I feel like an egg in a pan jus cuz I wanna tan 
im tired of these hussie (@BscoTT26, @LuvNless35) doing hoodrat things without me! when i come in town dont nobody wanna do anything. 
gonna miss my friends who are going to europee 
@ddlovato I want demi to tweet me  since im never gonna meet her cz i live in ireland 
finally just in the house but gotta get up at 7 and do it all again tomorow  hard work
uughieess @lmofuknc is taking forevvv  my poor lido eye lids r gonna give out haha
i dont wanna be here anymore  i'm tierd as shizz, my back &amp; legs hurt. parents are bugging the fuuuh outta me. gaahd. fml.
damn season 2 of gossip girl is ending in america and i havent seen the first one  why??? i wanna watch season 1+2 (
@whowatcheswho I wanna watch peter hay live at the bolton halls but I can't find it I suspect the massons may have it - balls 
love Amsterdammm..gonna miss this town soo muchh  fly back to reality..
@JessicAmber I wanna play laser quest...but I hated being at the mall cuz I was working 
@musicnerd9109  its gonna be okay!
@Alexemergency alex if your in detroit im gonna be mad! 
bah! on my way to a family reunion thing  gonna die of boredom and annoyance.
@dtown1218 ehmm.. ya i did  and like an internship or something fun.. aha. i wanna go into politics after uni
dont really wanna have a heart broken again 
juss found out dat my cuzzins 2 dogs are gonna be put to sleep 
back home  got a phone call that kill all da vybe **very sad** I really feel like drinkin but I kno better...gonna rest ma head
is at work...this gon b a looooong nite...i can tell...&amp; @MzDeeAnna is havn so much fun w/o me  i hope u get black as tar!!! lol
@RealBRITannica it's gonna rain here soon 
@ro_ultraviolet I hope thw do it 
@DanielSTREOS holy crap i was there an hour ago :O aww im gonna miss it 
#iconfess if you eat a bag of hull less cheese popcorn in less 60 secs ur gonna be sick 
@DanielSTEREOS holy crap i was there an hour ago ! :O aww im gonna miss it ! 
I seriously think he's gonna fuck her up. But I hope that doesn't happen..for her sake only 
amy i doubt it bbe, as if theyr gonna give their number out to us  i mean were nothing to them but i still love them
i have to really focus n get in the 'mode' ... its gonna b a loooong night ... blah my stomach aint feeln good either 
really sad just found the cast of mighty boosh is gonna be at comicon but its sold out already 
goin to bed... i hate goin asleep wen ders no1 else in the house 
@checkmarks refresh? you better come here cuz the game is gonna be sloow and boring 
i gotta cry... bby i love u... please talk to me... 
im dressed =D... to bad theres another hour to kill... probably none of my fun cousins are gonna be there... fml  maybe they'll have wi-fi
gettin out of my car my neighbor says gonna have a game night wanna come...oh can we have it @ ur house the air is not workin over here 
whats everyone gonna do for FathersDay tomorrow because im broke 
so... wuts u guys gonna do for fathersday 2morrow because im broke 
well, what are yall gonna do for your father 2morrow because im broke 
oh my gosh im seriously gonna die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!   
@sobomb we wanna see tha lingerie set 
ughh now all i wanna do is listen to techno and dance with the rising sun... is there a club three-lakes-wisconsin?  i should be in greece
@brynnlovesyou ohh brynn im gonna miss you  but when you get back we will go swimming at the gmas!!!
The girls come home cause were gonna go dancing BUT the thing is that i ame in a really BAD mood. 
@yoitsjo_____nah i know. bad day  injured pa ako. hehe. i can't even touch my back coz of the burn, iniisip ko panu ako mgshower neto. 
at cameron's house. im gonna miss him 
Spending time da wife in da hospital, dey took our princess back to nursery 
@mich1892 nooo byeee o sea la dumb girl perdio su beca ok? tons shes soo grounded 
Man its so freaking hot here and tomorow is gonna be worse gonna feel like 100 they say 
damn im a horrible girlfriend, i used to lie to this one dude i had about where i was going cause i didn't wanna be seen with him 
taylor lautner's gonna be at the mmva's...i really want to go 
@CoNvErSeGiRl365 u know what they are right? ahh this is so weird! she ain' t gonna remain a virgin for too long... 
@jo_jo_ba That is where most of my stuff is going now too. 
Wants to go see believe .. real bad .. but I guess some things weren't meant to be  anywyas I know it's gonna be great ..
lying in bed thinkin that im gonna have to go hospital tomorow 
@kpamintuan hi babe! How was last night? So sorry I couldnt make it...I was really excited to see you all pa naman 
ha... im gonna have a 16gb ipod. this makes me happy, as mine is only 4 and i keep having to delete stuff when i add more songs 
thought that I was avoiding a binge by having some soup, but it didn't work...gonna try to purge the crap that I shoved in my mouth 
@ProvehitoInLyca  dont get kidnapped i dunno when im gonna be home (((
I gotta leave, but I'll miss you 
i hit a pothole and got a flat tire and that isnt gonna be free 
jst ma last week in chandigarh.... 
@rafaelaventurim http://twitpic.com/7z04n - such good times hahahah i dont think it's gonna ever have anyone like that 
@salimi668 gonna be alone the ex is takin the kids to knotts berry farm......now isnt that nice of her 
@ss_slacker but...I wanna be the guy too 
jen shen refuses to be in my twitpic. 
@Mcflykick hey B.no I havnt heard frum u!I've ben twittn all day!I'm a feen!lmao I wanna watch kevinhart I wanna laugh!  lol
@carlylizzie22 shee just left  doeeee im gonna miss youuu lizzies on my facebook and omg this girl thinks were crazy
@PrincessTita sup cuzzo wat time u going to visit ya da 2morrow i wanna go 
gonna watch step brothers w/ my step brother ha ha . . . I wish I was seeing miley cyrus right now 
@chips99 @Shazification boo  im prolly gonna go to bed too haha
i missed rihanna and chris brown, not together, just their music. what's summer gonna be like without a hit like distrubia from her! ahh 
really ain't up for this shyt but hey I gotta advertise........  i'm so not in a good mood.......
@xoxoBear ur sis done wild out, blonde curly hair and all!! LOL... Imma tweet pic! wish u were here 
@marisobad that's crazy I was just gonna twitter your twat lol, next yr its gonna be emotional our last lunch days 
hmmmm nothing to do... so bored.. aaaaaaaaa I wanna  go somewhere... 
folk tired! uh oh...wanna leave &amp; r doing so. programming=not so good bday bash!! 
pretty tired gonna go to bed i think...missin someone special tho 
4 hour phone conversation with val&lt;3hah woow im gonna miss herr 
da chick on mama mi has a dream.... 
just looking in my room and realizing that im not gonna fit all this crap in my little compact car. Looks like I gotta let some things go 
@heyhaybay i was not  im &quot;dissin&quot; her man by saying lil waynes new album is gonna suck though...
@rana__xx :O how did you not like them! i wanna see them but i cant cos im going to pink, short stack, all american rejects and green day 
 i kinda wanna go back out. womp womp
canceling plans on account of a stomach flu  ter-ri-blah
oh no, i really hope i didn't do anything wrong. gahh, i feel lonely and i wanna cry. 
I rocked ma granny to sleep tnite .. she was feeling sad      she's ma baby ...
No phone till wednesday. Imma miss reading &quot;bogoh sheepdah babyboo &lt;3&quot; everyday 
@mightyvanessa I can't get on  I don't think any1 is gonna miss me :'( lol
@ghetto_sheek girl naw  I gotta get approved again cuz they moved him 2 a different place lastweek so we won't c him for another month 
_i was waiting up late for the mahal to get off work. but i guess im gonna go to sleep now. 
@kimdy yea...theres gonna be a wake daw. i saw in facebook. there gonna post the details on the dlsz website. 
@amalinaaa yay! im on my mobile phone. cant watch the video or else everyone in the room is gonna stare at me  is it good???
@can_i_eat_u_now yea u rite jus gotta find all friends on dis bitch thoe suxx. 
i was gonna make my lil sis go to derekfishers bball summercamp so i could possibly meet him! lol but then i saw how much it cost  nm! lol
aww arthur made fun of my picture  im gonna change it
wow... im ready to walk out of work. this place is ridicuous and the customers r gonna get punched. ready to go home  
 famliy  going bck homee and have too taKE sister hores riding oh no gonna be a boring day 
Its bout to go down. I'm exited but its gonna be a bitter sweet kinda deal 
@officialSPChuck  so not fair ! i wanna be at ur concert the only problem im miles miles away 
@RimaDarling what u gonna say tho he wont let u go. 
There's gonna be a movie on 2012?!  No!!! I can't see it, not even the trailers. I hate thinking about it as it is. I'll have a breakdown.
last day of school,oh im gonna miss my friends (and bf) 
@caige there's gonna be a movie on 2012?! No!!!  I hate that date. I have breakdowns just thinking about! It scares me to death... 
I don't think I'm gonna get my hair did today my appt is at 1 &amp; bb and husb are still snoring away  it's 1230p here...
yesss, man utd is gonna be thrashed next year, nice one fergie, who are planning to get rid of now? on the down side, no more setanta 
It's rainy here, seems like it's gonna last for long hours laters. A lil' bit sad, I can't go out 
@itsCEZZURRyo I wanna get drunk and go see britney with youuuu 
@beaniq ooohhh.. wag naman sana..  if you find time, read okay?  ingats!
Wished... but i gues it aint gonna happen. ily 
just got out of bed and off to help at the stables. its gonna be mega busy there 
@Saffiter  I wanna see pics of a cane fire.  Like in the let the cane fields burn song. ?
wht the hell is it? I wanna stay @ home pleaseee, dont force me2 join that activity 
is sad - gonna miss all his uk friends. 
feeling sleepy . gonna sleepo with this pain 
got guitar yesterday its not an electric!!!!  rlly wanna get david tennants letter bak
@bloobleebloo aww.  that's life. grr. kainis lang.
i'm having a hard time dealing with linear equations :l my brain is gonna explode.gosh 
I feel sick  im gonna go to sleep now well atleast try, nightynight
Hes playin dance with my father-luther vandross!  this song makes me wanna bawl
omg, gonna watch dadnapped. hope it will be nize. can't wait to club actually 
Feeling like shit, i just wanna curl up and forget the world 
Imma fail my exam tomorrow uh-oh :/ need to do revision 
george is performing at wembley tonight, i wanna gooooooo!!! 
Seriously upset with @itsbashy 's review on transformer doo doo ya kno got doo doo inna ur eyes matie  2 much action wah no pleasin sum ay
All the pepsi max is gone  but no need to worry, dad and I are gonna buy some more right now 
My last day at the beach house  so sad!! Imma miss it here!!
ahh I wanna do something  my dads house is boringg lmao
and ones again its sunday...only thing is im kinda glad that this wkend is over..not lukin 4ward 2 wrrk tho gonna miss linda so much  xxx
is losing all her energy.. and dont wanna fight nemore...  wheres the white towel :/ im throwing it in
i think im gonna cry...tell my why!!!! does it huuuurt so bad! i feel just like him right now..you know..the him who you love 
just started this storyboard thingy i have to do.. its gonna take forever, and i dont think ill see any money till its done 
I can't see the live stream of my church...  Imma miss my blessin... WAAAAAAAAAAH!
@XplicitLyric awwww  feel betta fast hun
Leavinq tuesday  Imma miss my baby &amp; everyone o'dee . HopefuLLy this 2 months fLy by
Thinks it's gonna rain!  NooooOOoooo!!
@gemmett Awww, man. So sorry to hear!  Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying you after all so you can afford a consolation ale?
mg good curling iron is broke hairs gonna look a lil flat 
ugh, fml.  my voice is gone.  as in, I can't talk above a whisper...gonna be very hard to sell mlps like this!
i wanna be downtown toronto right now.. the jonas brothers are here  !
got sunburned  im still gonna go swimming again tomorow though 
anyone fancy coming up to edinburgh with me on saturday? i wanna go to pride 
@KBreez yea 140 is NOT enough! lol and ahhhh i wanna go so bad  
@ShanteCurtis julie just told me kelly's not gonna perform at epsom  omg :'( we already booked!!  i hope he will. thanks youu angel!!
Just got back from my run. I've been runnin for almost 2 weeks and i'm still outta shape. This is gonna be harder than i thought. 
Awww suju's goodbye performance  gonna miss them
@SoOunTM haha true!! I was gonna say just sell ur old one, but then the upgrade problem if they r doing it yearly!  ya know thy wy u  ...
leaving.. gonna be passing by your house pretty much..  i'll talk to you later.. i love you
all ma frnz r goin ANGARESHWAR ,.,.,.,.,.  ,.,. n m  @ home ,.,.,. they all r gonna enjoy a lot ,.,.,.
@KiiroSora I guess no one can help me anymore *g* gonna ask him, but he's not home  let me know, if you hear anything about the appartment
no more college wat the heck am i gonna do,,,i'm realli lost i dnt even no 
i dont get it  if youre using me like i feel you may be, im gonna rip your cute lil fucking face off.
@islesrebelangel aww your daddy's gonna miss you!  
ugh. why did i twit that an hour ago? im asleep on the couch. last night was a fail.fuck.dont wanna be on the market.thought i was sold. 
revising for maths exam on tuesday which im gonna fail badly 
This little girl wont stop crying !!!!!!! im gonna shoot her; 
omg im gonna miss the internet so much 
Not really wanting to go back to vermont  gonna miss having 3g too
@staticxage its gonna miss you too 
feel like shit right now  just woken up. dont know wat im gonna wear to skool tomoz 
me gusta taco bell  pero, mi tummy hurts now 
just saw a facebook msg frm an 'ex-affair' that i rlly dun wanna get bak into... *shudder* can i just not reply? 
 cant wait till later!!!!!!!!!!! gonna sit here and play ps2 then prob watch the phillies then eat dinner then the best part of the day!
So tired, gonna sleep with my hair wet.  - http://tweet.sg
the higher is gonna be in tucson tomorrow. cool, im not there. 
have te wort headace at the moment  so im gonna stay in and play sims=]
@thephatkat I know im old  u dont have to rub it in hee hee
time to earn my piece of paper. gonna miss my ps3  ..........
@LANCEYPOOH yea man, i actually wanna play some more with you. tonight im busy though 
Ah, it's finally summer weather, but now i have a big headache  ..... im gonna go lay on the couch in pain ahh my head is killing me!
i. want. to. go. home. i. hate. it. here. aaand the doctor is gonna want to cut foot open and im gonna cry while listening to bryce avary 
his flight left at 7; the orginally time i woke up was 5;24; texted him until 6;50. im gonna miss him 
@kiddie_kouture lol yea sure! i dont wanna hear bout em since i didnt have any. 
i wanna go home...im so sad  n no joke 
@jordan_gi I don't know how this thing works 
i'm too sad to watch chunhee and yejin's last fo episode. i'm gonna boohoo like nuts. 
@ddlovato awww dont feel like that.  your voice is gonna come back believe me  just dont talk that much
I feel like my foot is gonna be swollen like this forever 
@POGIMH  thanks, hun. I think i'm just gonna rock out to emo screamo for this one, i can't do pop right now 
Just woke up, still don't feel good  gonna watch a movie
@MrsAminahaww ay que lindo tek is gonna cry wen u leave i'm allowed to i'm a lady 
feeling like im gonna die...had no time for a coffee today...sooooo deprived 
wish my upstairs neighbours would stop having such loud violent sounding sex, keep thinking their gonna come thro' the ceiling- tired 
@djphlava  i just saw this    was wondering myself...god bless...i know its gotta be bad with all those commuters out there...
Bringing hon keeee to my brother.gonna see my niece but I can't give her kisses 
@shezzalicious NOPE, u no me, simples! gonna be shit scared drivin that car again 
@cooley_cakes i think @zaceffron is the official one. But her hayfevers gonna kill me 
@arminejasmine don't have nuthin yet.  hopefully soon!    im sorry ur gonna be by ur self thats no fun you will have to come visit us!
im super sleepy but dnt wanna sleep yet cz i know ill jst wake up like 3 hours later 
i dont want to get up its soo cold  i wanna stay in mi warm cosy bed
im not sorry  i just got home from drivers ed and im gonna go sleep more i think
@roroizbuff ohhhh I was gonna say, that would have been awesome! now i'm sad 
im melting and cant sleep because of the heat   woooo shopping in newcastle tomorrow with mi hermana con mi padres dinero ;)
@killakamilah just had lunch with my mama now gonna take a power nap for 20mins only before practice 
@tokyodiamonds ur gonna grow it out? I just want to color mine 
jon &amp; kate can't get a divorce. my world is gonna come tumbling down if they do. only half kidding 
@jschweit no shit, i just wanna play racquetball 
@imnothatintoyou will u do mai laundry too? I has tew tonite  http://myloc.me/55rI
@Majestic76 lol im gonna sober up and make my lunch for work. i have to go back to the real world 
 i dont wanna do this im gunna cry
i actually really wanna seed miley cyrus when she comes to the uk  but shes sold out. maybe i should just grow up and forget about it...
@kjade07 sounds awesome. But I think I'm gonna stay home this wknd. 
I have no idea; very blonde moment actually mean wi fi   !!
@Shaynna2787 oh girl I'm sorry  R u gonna do your
in the car listening 2 babyface  now i wanna call betcha lol them slow jams always get u
I'm gonna miss Runs house again  attempting to shave my legs..that cut on my leg is gonna hurt 
@SongwriterTC I sooooo wanna hear this lol &quot;handz n feet&quot; I'm mad I can't hear it on my phn thow  gotta wait till tomorrow
is loving my new haircut!! and gosh, im gonna miss jacob when i go to arizona 
well super excited its summer but the weather sucks so no fire tonight  gonna see the hangover with nikki.
omg ..jon&amp;kate plus 8 was the sadess episode ever!  hope the kids are gonna be alright 
@peachifruit oh man it's gonna have spoilers isn't it 
its so sad how jon &amp; kate are separating. im gonna miss watching their show. 
@HollandMarielle I feel SO bad, cuz I know for some ppl even just a few days late id gonna mess them up &amp; there's nothing I can do 
Where is the world gonna go without ed mcmahon? 
Whoohoo now I have really holidayss.  But my stomach hurtss   I'm now gonna watch sonnywithachance/hannahmontana/jonas &amp; much more eps.
gonna miss spain (the food, the weather and evrything else!) and still really concerned over iran 
i just said bye to my dadddyzzz im gonna miss him ttmttcttl sadsquare x20000 
@ted_avery Something better is always just around the corner  I wonder if there's gonna be a 64gb model next year? I want!!! 128? 1tb? ha!
@joharayvette woohoo party girl kasi eh! haha i want to watch it toooooo. 
guess what @bryanchin87..im sick now lor  must be nitez after nitez of sisha haha..okok im gonna recover and back in action soon!
gonna hit up texas childrens after school today.. jr is still sick 
missing the melbourne folk  if i ever earn enough money, i'm definitely gonna buy my own jet.
@ kleigh when r u gonna get it?! Imma have to wait a second on this one 
So hot out here and its gonna be ninety tomorrow   I hate stupid, effing weeds.
@jennskii omg no! He's not gonna love me no more because I spoke poorly of my mama 
last day pf school soo happy/sad im gonna miss my best friend taylor 
@thekelliejane well atleast ur trying...  on all the disease gonna look em up and found out
@iloveyoux3_ i hope so! cause idk what im gonna do if she don't!  and why she isn't online? she is always online at this time! and
really feel awful  gonna dye!! I h8 it!! first time been ill this yr and i can't cope   cry cry lmao
I feel like cryin..  i wanna throw up. Huhuhu 
meetin 4 lunch w/mom b4 she goes. im gonna miss her 
thinkin bout wdh thiss is  lol Juiceerr gotta help me ..
ok getting out of bed and getting ready now blah ! when i get back later i wanna know where lygris is !  ...see u all later xoxo
@backstreetboys from the looks of it, it seems this tour is gonna be just as unorganized as the last... oh goody 
@annajaneb yeah the book is definitely better even though the movie was pretty good...im scared for the ending of the book...gonna be sad 
just bac from airport dropped my nanny out , shes goin to australia for 3 months im gonna miss her soooooo much !!! 
My bb masa7 kl shy 3nde. Klkum e3mlole add mara thanya plz 
just found out that we're gonna have vacation in bulgaria and in greece,,how cool is that,,but i have to wait til 16th august 
@tom_ra oh, soo sad  who come you couldn't go?
laying in bed cuz i dont wanna get up for chherr 
joe martinez is gonna be pitching in san jose this weekend...not gonna be able to make it 
@vanessaveasley I miss ur buns of steal as well  tell sean im workn hard &amp; then I wanna come out there 4 a month &amp; rape his fridge lol
Maldives tomorrow  gonna miss a certain someone so much :'( and the rest of u too obv love u xxx
gonna take a small nap. see my bestfraaan and chill.  something just bit me on my finger! grrr 
Last tuesday class with my lil girlies  gonna miss them
@jASH_mjBs dats right jyo, tell all them bogus muhfuckas to lay low...I gotta work on my chi-city lingo 
i wanna be curvy,skinny sucks 
@mejamassacre lmao i had to let @TRILLLANDO kno... i dont wanna be in trouble with @JujuB33 you kno how she gets 
got pretty burnt today.  but it's all good. gonna turn into a nice tan. wings at 6.
Sucks that I'm gonna have to drive in this crazy weather  http://myloc.me/5fS7
I have to go to garfield today  am a lil bord.....i have ti take the bus too...
@SeanFamoso i wanna be a lazy monster 
@ames23: We really wanna see Transformers 2, but I don't know if we'll be able 2. 
@UchihaSasuke696 i know its crazy lol your gonna be working when i'm at yours boo 
gonna play some games on facebook. i beat charlie (&lt;3) on crazy taxi earlier. but didnt publish it  so he couldn't see. LOL.
@Vincychick61 hey babe, i am rel tired ;-o din sleep since yesterday. so i gonna sleep n ill tty 2moro k? i miss u so much 
ay chu meagan dosent feel good 
@MattInDallas dang gina!!! this is gonna be a mission haha...mmm I wish I could get the player to work on my comp 
It's hard raining. I wanna stay at home. But I've gotta go for work 
There's a bee! Its gonna kill me. I don't like bees 
@XoDoRaABbYxO mannnn ...  ok ... not that i dont wanna chill w/ u guys but i wanna go to the movies toooo loll
damn i wanna see transformers 2 at midnite but my girl wont come wit me. and i cant see it when she wanna see cause i got a game. 
@BrittnaayB im sry hun  i would giv u a smoke if i was there
I don't wanna go school  hahaha I want vacations man! I need, xoxo ;*
finisat 4 rochii. vreau doar in pat, sa dorm.  pana scriu mailuri se face 3am din nou...
What happened 2 da party girl? I guess she jus came out 4 da winter...LOL she's sooooo not poppin right now 
I'm beginning to itch cause I see sooo much cute stuff and I have no cash on me... I'm gonna hurl 
the bee is dead  RIP. gonna go watch obsessed again &amp; figure out whats going on tonight!
All the equitment is covered so its gonna be awhile lol I am gettin sleepy 
@KaLiNc0 i wanna see Transformers at midnight!!!! ...dayum you   lol
more thinking over the bart fare hike... it's gonna mean i can't always waltz in a mar jacobs store and buy something 
im actually so depressed im gonna go jump of de A bridge tomo my laptop died 
gonna try sleep now. still to hot 
@HollywoodHames that reminds me :S i gotta do aaaall that 
@rockbynightdr  say hi to Edster and that im gonna miss him 
@pastuhsauce  its gonna be like starting high school all over again.
@MsBKB awwwwww now i gotta find a date if i wanna go  u suck....always boo'd up and ish (yeah i'm hatin lol)
@SamanthaFerri  I know!  I gotta see you guys a lot this summer... &lt;3 or else I'm gonna die :\
@tanJOReen ya our company is special like that..ps we on tha same boat..i wanna c transformers but cant 
6am in hamburg now.. boss gonna wake up and prob skype me soon. 
@MauraRoxanne im gonna needeth a ride!  taketh me. calleth me! loveth me!
i feel so sad  whats gonna happen next?
Ive never known real pain until now  I miss him so much. bad karma? oh well :'( im gonna try to force myself to sleep. night everyone
no work tomorrow! im gonna die at my swim meet tho 
wishing i had a phone still phoneless  prob gonna clean my room peace &lt;3
remember me and new moon is gonna break my little heart. seriously 
@PatriciaErin aw that sucks though   yeah thats what i think im gonna do! 
@Darforthewin i wanna cospaly as female ranma!!!!!!! dunno where to get ulta bagy pants tho 
Ugh gonna get home so late from the drama of the crazies, the kitties are going to be angry 
i am so tired of studying....is this ever gonna end? answer=no  fml
@akirehsiri ow fck! 22 effin k?! shet..  was gonna ask sana wat hppened pero kwento mo nlng nxt time we meet.. shet so sorry to heart this
@akirehsiri ow fck! 22 effin k?! shet..  was gonna ask sana wat hppened pero kwento mo nlng nxt time we meet.. shet so sorry to hear this.
Man I gotta losse my beer belly 
poor jamess, i think im gonna cry 
jfc. these hiccups wont go away. im gonna go to sleep. ewww hospital tomorrow  kill me!
@tinadivina nope, no evidence! and @tjarmour moscato for me please..its gonna be a long night    *does arm curls and lunges*
...and no music and no photos ..... i guess its gonna be quiet for a while 
i gotta finish that project i'm as tired as a ... idk what i'm just so tired 
Looks like it's gonna be another sleepless nite . . . . . .  
sleeping early cos I'm gonna head up north early. sorry @jashMENow &amp;@byeangelo  i'll try to talk to you guys tmo.
@Cheekie32 just showin some southern hospitality hun lol....you aint have eat em all though 
@itsTyraB sooo how about I aimed u wen u did finally come on which u kept yo word  u didn't reply hmms ? But I c how it is lol  :-*
gonna start doing my work na.  darn. bye twitter
bugs gross me out. ew. thinking im gonna do seneca idol (since i's too po for the trip to dallas 4real idol  sad times)
jon and kate from jon &amp; kate plus 8 are divorcing! so sad  expected, but sad. I wonder what's gonna happen with the kids...
okay, microsoft 1, liwen 0. gonna have to use trackpad now. 
@thomasfiss wjen is there gonna be the thomas fiss app? I cant wait, 
@positivespace your face warp is gonna give me nightmares! 
@retrochic20 same here. i wanna watch it but there's only one tv here and cesar rented valkyrie for tonight so that's what we're watching 
absolutely forgot i have work at 10 am! this is gonna be rough. 
omg i hope someone sees this and picks up my phone in the morning.   im gonna have to go home now so i wont even know if anyone did it :/
@ReginaPearl when u gonna do my hair 
@sachdevapankaj me tooo.... i cud nt sleep last night  .... yeh hai meri dilli...sob!! 
i wanna eat but im not hungry  omg. im gonna wake up all sore from practice. freak! 
Totally bored  gonna go swim later with tha brthrs&amp;F, can't believe its already 2. Hoooot
Guess whose gonna be working from home again tonight... 
@lauuur3n im gonna miss you  and you better me texting me the whole time, and keep me updated on your brudders friend. hahaha
I kno. Imma sleep now. I feel sick 
@ambluc thats ok mum is gonna be in hosital another night something happend not bad but can be bad  ill tell you why!!
@cheyennelaxa uh i dunno. ) i watched it na but not the whole thing.  i seriously wanna watch that ! )) loser moo.
g night I'm gonna try n sleep hope this shit is gone when I wake up 
ouchie. i gotta stop doing this. 
@FuchsiaStiletto shout u later hun gotta get on with some work  mwah xxx
just finished the second to last ep. of brotherly love &amp; it totally broke my heart. prob gonna be worse for me when it's over.  gnight.
@ShoesforGeorgia What's the matter, hun? 
have a feeling im gonna be waiting a loooong time for this phone to get delivered 
gonna lay down for a while - not feeling so good 
): wish we could understand each other cuz we use to be good friends before  we were even gonna kick it sometime when
just wakin my little sis up from a nap she should neva have had grr.. gonna be up all nite 
@FetusAtTheDisco watch transformers.. (sorry time diff.)  gonna seee it on friday..
Imma imma bout to fall asleep. 
still stuck in mexico.. going crazy!!! i wanna go homeeeeeeeee to my rooomie.. 
@19fischi75 hope everythings alright with u hun - saw it at tha telly - theres a lot of water in austria ta tha mom 
oh god i cant sleep im gonna miss my laptop for four days 
bored, it is so cold in my house,  ughh. tired but im not gonna sleep tonight.
@shozzyshozzy still sleepy, lol.  gonna get my butt in the shower tho.  hate having to be up so early 
really needs to pack 4 tmoro havent got a clue wot to take it gonna take me all day 
@jeramyer haha nope aint gonna work as we hav a bday list up so they no it aint my bday 
just been to the hospital  evrything gonna be oke yes yes yes
aww man alexa chung's show is only in america, i was so excited cobra starship were gonna be on uk tv 
@alexryans aww i wanna go back!  miss dobson as headteacher, waa! anyway i'm off to zante tonight! have a good summer!xx
I hate when I gotta leave him  http://myloc.me/5znP
@kattiev euuugh not when you can't afford to get drunk  im gonna sell my virginity on ebay
@hollaaluke yeh, i got really bad  you still goign to pupil suppost?
on my way to work. i feel like i'm gonna puke 
sittin in work is total poo..cant deny it..its probably d most sunshine ireland is gonna see all year and im missin it... 
@ajani_amare lol! I have a toddler who knows nothing about it being mommys day off! Imma do my thing but I work sat and sun 
@_stoicOne_ hello dearheat, gonna take a while 2 feel better, pretty sick  very helpful link, thx! surprised 2 learn of peeps unfollowing
the sun has gone away  and it looks like its gonna rain  oh well im inside anyways and i have no plans to go out
Headed to my sisters  .. I think am gonna take a nap as ssoon as I get there
wttu &lt;3 aghhh it was updated!! YAY aghhh  something gonna happen :|
@shar03 everyone's sick.. bummer.. it really really sucks.. i definitely wanna be healthy again.. 
quite tired , .... everything i've been doing 's just for killing the time .... don't know what should i do ? i wanna go bk to the uk 
i've been wondering how long its gonna take to make the bangs in my head to grow longer.. i hate seeing them on my face.. 
i miss karaoke and general singing.. @ja_bam need jamming bad.. Why can't janice be healthy 
@timeistheenemy aye but ma voice is almost completely gone  a gave a song by song review in a bulletin hahaha
@StylezXquisite I'm so tired  were still tryin to figure out what the fuck were gonna do! he wants to rent a car now! lol smh I need a bed
@shaundiviney aw babe i wanna join. i am soo devo right now. come save me?!  xox
@caryn69  i know i saw they are yay!!!... i did!!!  nice work babes!!! i wanna tweet britney  but rarley on bummer!!!
tired and possibly gonna be a lil hung over tomoz  had fun good night out thankyou luke/jay
@Zounja ka son! aku disuruh tidur kmrn. i was waiting for ur reply for several minutes but theres no answer  HAHA bikin rendang susah!
@saturrrday i think im gonna, it seems easier but i want a funky page, im not good at that html shit 
is so so tired...omg this day is gonna suck 
I wanna go to ibiza now... O cant wait to aug 
oi...this migraine i hav is gonna drive me nuts like 4 real. cant even go bac 2 sleep...n i hav to work till 11 2nite :/ i...need...sleep 
@Has_Bookpushers I should probably go through them. I ban the one with ho..y and ho..e ones but maybe I should look at all. 
@ms_senita lmao, but its gonna be hot today 
at work feeling a little down... @ohmygela nice! Imma visit your site again a little later... and oh, try to rest for a while... 
I wanna see transformers 2 but itshows @ 12 2nite and im goin 2 the airport at 1 
@miss_charmed ok lang yun. quartz and the bf can't make it though. tapos the rest didn't reply. 
@xxJONASaholicxx lmfao haha...no not 'dating' that sum1 special!!! yu miss jen...wt bout me?? hurt now!!! 
@UluvUY haha, k. but zef shoot! i feel like i haven't seen you guys in so long.  miss u na. oh! and, twins and i are in boosters! -lia
@conniekchun someone told me hes gonna get shell rot in the water that long  haha
@ossakummz yep she's in. eh tp nindy ga jadi ikut sa haha tai ya, nanti eyke cerita ke you kenapa kenapanya. twitter wont let me 
@freakypatty weh? :o 
gonna have a shot at editing my #xbmc video db at some point, moving to a new system a few months back means my watched are now unwatched 
@charlottierose dont worry char you'll be there in spirit!! gonna miss ya  xxx
3gs at lunch????I think so..time for that good old ole' ugrade..im gonna miss my aluminum baby though....we've been through alot...tear 
@jmbrawer well, looks like it's gonna cost about $300.  my dog has a continual stream of issues. &lt;sigh&gt;
@TeeDotReese yea, I've heard of ppl going 2 weeks! that's pushing it. Imma just take it day by day. ahh, that means no alcohol 
@Catarinem the aussie woooooooooon *yay* so happy! i ain't gonna watch for sure  that means i need someone to text me the results *brows*
is scared shes gonna lose a close friend 
gettin in the shower....it's early  I wanna go back to bed!
my booger's birthday is this weekend and im gonna miss it!  @princessmeliss
my booger's birthday is this weekend and im gonna miss it!  @princess_meliss
miss old frnds,teachers,skul  dont wanna give up on old stuff yet they fade..is this lyf?out wid d old,in wid d new?wat if i dunt lyk tht?
@HannahxCx you are going without me!  im gonna miss ya!
@EAJimmie dude, i was totally gonna go...but i thought it was tomorrow.  I guess we'll see in ohio? lol. cuz we have something cool 4 u!
how do you audition for shows on disney? ive been trying to find that out for forever. not like its gonna happen though 
@jusluvinlife lmao... u gotta wait for ma new phone.. LOL ma cam is cracked 
@playtimerx931 hm. 1,the notebook.2,titanic.3,a walk to remember.4,august rush.5,king kong. aw  i feel lyk i wanna watch'em again.nyaha!
@ejxi...oh no...ur not allowed to cry  ....just don't pay attention to him..ayyye don't be sad cause then were all gonna be sad with u 
its when you say 'eh' that i hate it the most cos that's when you gotta go. 
@WubsNet oh no... is rex gonna do it with stacey   I hate that witch!
@xClaire_Cullenx no i didnt dream at all =/ i hardley ever do :L yeah its soo hot at the moment, but its ment to rain 2moro  .xx
graduatiion is overrrr!!!  gonna miss my HOMIEs hehehe .but i will so keep in touch w/dem...ciaox3
listening to some music and just chilling....I'll probably regret not getting work done...but till then i'm just gonna kick back 
@corinmcblide oh ok then i am gonna go and buy one for when i come up there 
@KourtneyKardash i hate morn workouts bc i love to sleep late  ha have fun in mexico! love the show, is the trip gonna air on keeping up?
@Starrbby when u move back to jersey its gonna be better 
gonna help with kids outreach this friday! whee! 
@joannazuniga: oh i think you mentioned this cousin na before.  (i think).  anyway, let me know which scene so i can look for him too. 
gettin off the internet... gonna finish my hair 
@lilyroseallen i love your shh tattoo - did it hurt? i think i'm gonna get it 
gonna go cut up some chickeeeen 
vacancy starring kate beckinsale and luke wilson gonna watch it  fariah lynnnnnn rocks !
@erickaaa haha awww. i had amazing pizza 2day for much after my photoshoot =D i will take u out hehe..u gonna answer ur fone 2night?  xx
I'm going to take a shower.. I'm gonna try to wake up   http://twitpic.com/2y7wy
on the bus, going to see luke  &lt;3 im gonna know this bus route of by heart soon, lmao
@pammy_lane oh haha. You're gonna get addicted 
@_lilyxo hahahaha, i will i will  but how black am i gonna be when i get back true  and my hair is gonna be like blonde as! yipeeeee
gonna meet my previous officemates for our usual fishball/isaw foodtrip 
totally tired. a great feeling that today's gonna be amazing. with lot of laugh  luv u, yay ?
@aplusk i'm not well just wanna say hi!!!! 
@vicky31mom we're gonna talk about that during his next forecast - around 6:43 
i don't wanna sign off twitter but i have to. why are you so addictive... diva - beyonce is growing on me 
N-dubz na na naiii, in a sehr good mood  feelin good, lookin good, bellys rumblin though
gonna go to school. be back around 4 
is new to this whole twitter thing but thinks she's gonna like it 
@inque54 huy, matulog ka na. hahah. CBroom ain't done yet, but it's taking shape 
got an offer I can't refuse  this is gonna rock
after im gonna have a lok in d argos catalouge 4 summ bday pressies  or look online
@Clairebell clappity clap. that's gonna be one crazy system 
Family, you gotta love em... 
@cherine619 whoa, i wanna add this app! haha. &amp; i'm good!  been busy going out, that's all. you?
gonna go to sheridan.. last classs!!!! yess no more work and stress!!! muahahaha and then I can just draw 
Ang your'e off to spain... spoilt girl! 
@Carm823 sure if you wanna drop them off at georgia sure 
who wants to take me to chain may 2nd to see amber pacific, houston calls, and just surrender?  ha, not gonna happen, but one can dream.
wishes, one of an upcoming beautiful days, for me and the zorels, asma, mj and yan to watch movie together  and seludup masuk pringles!LOL
@bythekilowatt oooo i like that... im gonna be at the college sunday to work on the rest of my 3d as well as finish the editing! 
@nicksantino that's def impressive  is rocket to the moon gonna be at warped?
@akiki03 it is a new forensic files!!!!!!   so gotta watch. but yeh i know em all by heart. love em tho.
sleeptime. i wonder whose gonna guess right? i neeed a break from this fucking house. and someone cute to sleep next to 
@rainnwilson i just wanna say that i love you. for real. i have 2 of your bobbleheads lol 
@yayjen ya i noe.im gonna b in a coma sleep  haha but its gonna b hard cuz im just watching tv and i dont have my laptop
just read some twilight, gonna watch a movieeeee 
@miyukikawachi okay but i know i'm gonna win! ah. i wanna say a lot of things to you my friend. online ka dude. PUHLEASE 
We just got wi-fi at the resort so I will try and tweet more often! Now I shall go to the pool  yah man!
mo mam, this is the 2nd sat that i have off! 
@selenagomez  hello selena!! just wanna check if you're doin' fine.. 
@ThatGirlEmily lmao yeh im gonna watch it  i circled it in felt pen in the tele book  haa
I'm hungry...and I don't wanna get outta bed I just want to be lazy! 
@friidaah: my bike  monday's gonna be cold again (40 degrees ) so im gonna enjoy the beauty when i can! 
@TheDebster have a good time.  i haven't had japanese food since i left glasgow.  have some cha han for me!  
gettin ready for the beach!gonna go have fun with emily, jonathan, art, and maybe the bro's  even though i despise ALL things beach ;D
at my besties  we're gonna cook some mi goreng soon. she's watching the susan boyle thing on her laptop. weee!
@CrazyMangePR nah ok ill go &quot;solo&quot; then lol at least im going  wtf ni modo
gonna try littlesnapper for iphone then .. 
gonna watch scary movie one in a minute  uploading about 100 pictures of me an paige being nobs.
we should jam next time i'm near!nice harmonies girls!@lishuz thanx yes it me and ellieEDGE on guitar.were gonna do a chiodos cover soon! 
@hiabowman popping in disc 2, gonna start without you  #MadMen
@nick_carter nick when u finisg ur solo album did you gonna  have a solo tour? kisses from mexico 
i'm home at last and tired!!  i am gonna hit those of you up who wished me a happy birthday in a lil bit..  
gonna go for a nice warm bath now maybe with bubbles then watch a movie 
@PhillyGirl528 ya just gotta jump in   that's what i did... lol
@Veronron ive got a new one!!  btw, your gonna be jealous of the card i got your sis ;) alexdeleon http://i41.tinypic.com/nlwfb7.jpg
k my tooth feels better ima cancel my appointment  just gonna go get the fillings and cancel the tooth pull
@mileycyrus omg if you dont want a rumor to start then tell a pop that yur gonna take that thing or watever and yah 
@drumdog00 that's gonna be a lil dificult 1500ft off the ground 
just put some music on my psp   gonna eat now--peace
gonna get ready to go tot he gym! gotta look fly for tonight!  objective: find a cute boy! no not boy...MAN! LOL
@shandrab U are gonna get it!   I have to pace myself so I don't get put in twitter jail...LOL!
done but hey you gotta live alittle 
gonna go out i dont no where but there ar people down stairs that can drive and im bored 
on my way to race hector..hes gonna lose! and also going to the batting cages..im gonna lose! 
gotta do the nite nite thing.. 
@wizard04 sure did!  hee hee hee! we'll see if he says anything! 
Not happy but gonna try to sleep it off. 
@IamNuttZo you're makin me wanna read it with all your praise 
@RebeccaHasWrote I have to remember to be a literal w/ you idaho gals hee hee 
going home. gonna rent a movie and cuddle with myself 
gonna play again 
gonna go watch the wrestling. 
@beastface, im gonna need a link for itunes. 
wishes I could embrace exercise like these people on the biggest loser! But...gonna go to bed instead. It is 2 am!! 
This is gonna be our last race, need to eat something  #skeptwiit
ex, plaza indonesia. gonna watch race to witch mountain. 
@LEXYVEE uff I kno I went in at 11 blaaahh! I'm off tomorrow tho. So yaaay mee  well I'm glad your resting..
@JonathanRKnight me n my girl closed da bar down...reckin havoc in da bubbly as usual..glad da show went well! 
@snxy  can't believe ur still up! u gonna last till it ends? #asot400
gonna be out in the sun today and bbq some hot dawgs  can't wait!
@Jonasbrothers nick you are so cool  luv you guys all, and joseph when do you gonna do ur single ladys dance xD ?
is noww gonna pass out 
someone wanna donate $230 for my fusionbeads wishlist?  HAHA.. yea, right. i wish.
tht'll teach me 2 rearrange som stuff yesterday  dah  haha  
@KhloeKardashian  wanna have some fun 
gonna go find some food and contemplate revision, methinks  hit me up ppl... i like company.
&quot;I believe that my life's gonna see the love I give return to me.&quot; 
finished french course work;gonna paint my nails 
@calmtechcoach owww you are too bloody cute missy! just wanna high five ya right now..don't leave me hanging! 
gonna get out in the garden as the sun is shining 
is up and at'em gonna vacuum my pool it is no longer green 
@nick_carter i definitely wanna come 
mom's gonna shut off the interenet. oh well. we're awake now 
@Ezzii yeah our australian friends are having puppies so they are gonna give us one of them. 
yeh caitlyn prob doesnt wanna see this... sorry caitlyn. Also dexter knocks up rita anddddd they get married 
@rockbigdave yeh i'm planning on seeing fast n furious as well 
Getting dressed and gonna go feed the baby.  
is on the way home  gonna miss the cousins but i miss my mommy
gonna enjoy the super hot weather and go fishing...well just burn really 
It's sunny and I'm sat inside, gonna go in the back 
@janinecasas hey jan! school's ok lang. well just started so wa pa au stuff. hehe hope it'll be easy. hehehe 
gonna sleep now, just ordered one more bag online.. love yahoo support lines  #fb
soooo hungry. but i dont wanna eat cuz we are going out to eat (mexican) in a hour! 
just had a swim in my gorgeous new bikini!!!  gonna go have a shower! talk later! :]
@geraldtjy lol. dont sian lah. beats going to school to do project right. 
@bsbfreak n0o0o0o I dnt wanna wake up lol.....I misss y0uuuu t0  nd im awake....4 n0w lol
gonna do homework like @KathleenSayid  see you later.
no matter what films will always be cheesy whenever it was made.....and you've gotta love it! 
@adrir haha i do? i guess i do lol. well i wanna go too. wanna go to jones beach when the weather gets rly hot?? its so fun out there 
@anaREXIC 32509  so, for our 1 month. I'm gonna take u to miami &amp; throw u in the ocean so i can save u frm drowning. i wna be ur hero, bby
@RnRyorkiemom I gotta say, YOU have the sweetest puppies 
gonna catch a nap'o'clock and try to re-energize mi cuerpo... i cant wipe this smile off my face. 
 YES! This saturday we're gonna record! So excited.
Imma have a great day 2day...I'm not gon let no1 ruin this day like mine was ruined yesterday 
@qmuser I can't wait to see what the rates are. You get $ quarterly. I have a feeling my take is gonna be a fraction of a cent. 
ha this weather is so nice im gonna lay on my porch and tan 
the dog is sleeping and looks so incredibly cute!  gonna get some pictures of him + the sexy snake who is currently eating her dinner ;)
gonna go have lunch with grandma soon, i cant wait 
gonna go and read in bed in about 20 mins......need to relax as much as possible before school 2moz!! xx 
i dont wanna leave...waitin for then next set plz     asot400
Oh stfu. Imma start callin you yohn cause thats how i say it and i know how much you love it 
@mrtrev if ur thinking of changing ur pic again, might wanna use the blip fm one. Looks good. ur smiling 
@_WhittleS_ hey just wanna come through and show some love....you gotta real nice smile 
is gonna lay it down now, twittin in the a.m. good night yall 
@andoy thanks andoy  condolence nga lang sa new haircut. lol. yeah jango is a cool service. i should check out django as well
@dra6on my Barrista's attempt at a #sydneyswan  he was scalded cos its really a blue duck!
Off to school in like less time than i wish  ahh well its gonna be aa okaaayy. eating special K, it gives you supa powass. Byee xo
@jimmyfallon not supposed to but gonna drink an twitter anywho... 
@tannergaskkk haha.. jst wanna say hi, u see i dnt have alot of friends in twitter.. hahaha..  have u met demi?
PRSS chinese orchestra is gonna play in syf right now!  - http://tweet.sg
gonna watch gataca after i make some finishhing touches on my espan proyecto 
@lolomani1 hehehe happy 420. so am I gonna see u tmw? grand daddy then cupcake mission 
@Outsanity  I'm gonna catch up on ur vids now ;)
@mcvie and we're gonna be the bestest of friend. 
@LeipeLeon  yay, thanks! We're gonna rock!
@IndyAmanda Sounds possible  It even looks so confusing u dont wanna try! I have to use it at school and I always mess up everything
@gehan99 hehe erm...so this 'google' thing...it's pretty cool ;) :$ so so IS that gonna be the next cover? 
wants that dress i saw the other day! and im gonna get it tom! yay!!!! 
@xFrankieMonster  lol mannn i cant wait for the new record! its gonna be epic 
@qburns it's gonna take more than a video duder  although that was excellent!!!
@aplusk where and when will you be in georgia? me and my friend wanna come say hi and get a pic with you  i won't tell anyone!
facebook update; arriene rase's my friend na!  http://plurk.com/p/p5g7c
@dougiemcfly i wanna come on the bus with u guys! looks like so much fun  and has danny got a mo?
@drchino Put some stuff on youtube! I wanna see your new hi-tech-conservatory 
drchinoPut some stuff on youtube! I wanna see your new hi-tech-conservatory 
No lives needed saving, yay!...im sooo tired-gonna take a nap in my car before my 10am meeting 
working on my website, it's gonna look great 
gonna go take my dog for a nice walk    back in about an hour xo
@mahadewa saya share linknya ya pak? #caleg 
Skoolin it now...bout to go home n sleep..gotta L waitin for me 
@JOOQFone jamaican? wah u a do over deh so? 
@wildfire198 Its so useful for this painting  It's very tempting but i gotta find the right course if im gonna carry on studying lol
@twelvetwentyone dearie! drop by ako sa office mo thursday 6pm, will you be there that time? sorry super tagal ko kunin stuff ko 
@BabaMzungu i think they are called marabu or maribu or something with a -ma- and -bu- in it  ugly beasts they are..toxic puu! love 'em!
@MolcaMrt yok yok yok let's do something thaaa 
can't sleep.. icip pano pa kikita.. hey to all visit naman www.aboxoffun.multiply.com.. oist baditz17 musta mustasa 
@smokedrinkdrive yay! you can be someone completely new! are you gonna change your name?  jk. that's awesome though! hope its better
is soooo determined to get super tanned so i think..im gonna head to the beach once again! haha  i love the pacific coast!
@Flickie yeah think im gonna head into town v.soon 
@SARGE_PAULNE cool! thts fab then sweetie  \o/ gonna b gud xx
@shipintheblue yes, we're gonna have so much fun on the show 
@cupcake_nyc @Nellypt we're gonna have to take him out 
@danmilward When it's gonna release? 
fuck, my room is a mess! gonna turn off the computer and gonna take a shower 
@thegaydreamer I'm going to put a lot of thought into who I choose. I don't wanna fail my 1st #tickletuesday 
i think im gonna let pandora (on the bberry) take me to sleep. gnite twitterville 
@hilaryfavila  well if that's the case then it's cabin fever. punta ka dito cuz 
Sometihing's gotta give 
@barbiegirlamber omgs! I was gonna have like a heart attack today LOL when danger wrote back to me LOL jk 
@BirdyLay haa desperate for friends? i wanna verse you in mario kart! i play 24/7 when i go home... i've gotten so good 
@KyraLovesLife haha so true. i hate chemistryy. lol. so are you guys gonna go to the top of the world?? 
If i dont have enough for a lava lamp or i have too many, kelli is gonna get a teddy bear or some other fluffy thing 
i dont wanna stop.. dont wake me up! 
Ughm somone find me IT from il$ to follow ge is hilarious!  ubertwitter is killing twitterberry son!
well im gonna treat it like the morning, mmmm cereal 
@ecaps1 hehehee - ti think they are blissfully unaware of their fates 
@gelzie whoa! okay lang yan buddy. The view must have been great! 
@hannah_bo_banna  you did win the prize by the way-email me your address and I'll out it in the post ;) (I don't wanna oversell it though)
@princess_lia: i'm gonna make some extra money by working part time  gonna buy watches!
I gotta go to school..naah.i dont wanna.crap..have a great day people! 
ClASS..deff gonna take a nap when im out 
@zjelektra sorry i missed it.... i was at work till late......... but mi know seh u mash it up still... 
@thereallaur   just dance everything gonna be aiight 
working my.... off  U gotta do what U gotta do 
@charlii1 yeah i would love you to come over tmrw nite  we can just chill! i have the orthodontist at 5:00 so do u wanna come after? xx
hey hey! this weekend is gonna be superb  just finished watching twilight&lt;3 im so excited for the play on sunday i hope everyhting goes ok
@Kelly_StrayCat gotta think positive  you could crack 370
Not tping but gunna go 'jolly ranching' if it works i wanna suggest it as a hw assignment 
bout to run this quick radio session real fast....stop actin like yall dont wanna tune in 
 I'm tired...gonna go to bed most probably...hah gonna watch some TV and then hit the hay! 
trying to convince my boyfriend to take me to the cco for my bday  ive heard its really shitty but oh well i wanna goo
since we barely argue..iitz like the end of tha world wen we dew.. well iid rather spend the end of tha world w/ yew 
@kellytop22 sorry sis late reply! hehe. wow good luck dyan ah! kayang kaya mo yan ipass! hehe will pray for ya 
fucking cant wait for ripe festival tommrow  gonna be awesome and new nikes in da morning 
@beckyteee good for you.  we're gonna have a blast. aha. and ill tell you stuff tomorrow
on my new mac desktop. its fucking beautiful  still havent got my phone back too. gonna hit up featherdale and get it from bec ! ha
wondering if/when a fight's gonna break out. but excited + v proud, following the #awaresg feed 
dang its raining in columbia tomorrow... that throws off my outfit... you know what i don't care i'm gonna wear the shirt anyways! 
Man, now im wide awake but everyone is asleep so im just gonna...um...ill figure something out  lol who's up still?
@thepurplehawk  Debz~~ Imma usin ur icon 
Going down!  ( not gonna tell you where ) but imma bout to go down hahaha !! party over here  ~* MgoneWild *~
my intentions were to be an honest person. it ain't gonna kick my ass 
well..i gotta say i love twilight and have watched it 22 times 
@MRS_d0t  ur gonna like ur new follower @RashadHouston   hes a keeper 
@benhammersley nice  when is the issue gonna be delivered to subscribers?
had a looooooong day man... Imma get some sleep cuz this weekend is only gonna get better... I dont know how... but it will 
:o gotta leave for mahh plane in a lil, gonna get there early since idk wtf to do 
@twobeerqueers just an all-american club-hop   hehe.  im gonna be e.v.e.r.y.w.h.e.r.e  plus, my fun, party friend is coming with me  yay
@ZombieNicholas i wanna help! i'm all about promo hahah! i can't wait for knives 
gonna go sleep, alfred's gonna see my ugly side later on todayy. (: hopefully he'll still love me. 
@cbain84  heylooooooo. can u believe maries gonna be a mum!wot u doing today?x
@michaelgrainger Hugs  U speechless yeh I called you a fucker! Thats a very endearing term in the way I say it! hee hee xx
gonna get in bath, wash and style hair, go and meet pennie, off to tescos and then sleeping in sarah's garden  xx
going to salvation army. i heard they sell clothes and accessories there for cheap. gonna check it out. 
todays gonna be immense! finding ravo pond again(H) but with paige too this time, aswell as ben + su  x
@WatariGoro Na. I'd stay up if I were you. Then maybe you start sporting a deluded shirt B4 you know it. We will need that twitpiced. 
@Broooooke_ omg if it is i will like cry with happines  but ill have to get tix quickly ay  its gonna be 10:00 for me coz the time diff.
@KennyNo1 ow !  already 12.14pm rather ??! gonna eat ur lunch ??..
@Lindsayslifee not much. think im gonna take a shower  the weather is nice, i want an icecream. LOL. wbuu sweetie? &lt;3
@jennroo that's if u ever wanna hang out or sumthen...hehe...its ur call   u seem like a super koo and down 2 earth girl...I dig that 
yay according to facebook im gonna survive the swine flu 
before we go, my sis just wanna say hi  yeah, she's weird.
mm soup, now i think im gonna go die 
Dropping off dev in mass gonna convince keith to stop @ the north end for me 
blackjackvt is gonna be owned by affiliates  its all flash #aac
food, good! hee, they're playing all taylor swift songs 
finished cleaning   finished breakfast  gonna watch movies lol
last xam left... m gonna b free aftr monday... bolo yaeeeeeeeeee   
mmm.. im gonna go to sleep now bubs cause im going shopping tomorrow   see'yaah x loveyoou x
Is excited about this crazy run I'm about to do. This is gonna b fabulous 
@nicksantino im gonna be at the show tonight  cant wait to see you!!!!
@johndcook that doesnt help  not ready to confront my inner facist-republican, gonna punch myself in the face now ;)
@dommerghz &quot;ooh gurl, gonna club you like a bb seal~&quot; gabe said that 
cant wait for the blackout on the 16th gonna be awesome 
okie dokes, @sparklingshoes im gonna go watch davinci code on tellie, ill chat more later  although my last update said it all :| it sux!
@butterflyylost lenox mall is a maybe  i could use some new shades since my miami heat is on fire gonna need em for game 7!
@Bonelle :o ooo i no hu u mean now lolage 
@rachelrox97 - i'm gonna see aladdin @ 2pm! cya there! 
@2unique told ye mon the hoops 
makin myself some coffee and im gonna go sit on the deck and watch the fog rise off the lake..everyone is asleep..gotta enjoy the silence 
@claireyjones yayayayayyy. it's gonna be classs.   you sorted dalby/sherwood outtt? love youu xxxx
@Guineena hahaha..... ok lang yan. she's asking me to edit her profile page, til now di ko pa nagagawa  hahahaha
dearest @jordanknight are you ever gonna tell us what TINK means? pretty please w/a sexy new kid on top 
@davorg in that case im gonna start tweeting about nymphomanic pub owners who like to cook, well worth a shot, eh 
my bestie wanna chill today . so i might go out . think i have plans now .  she better be driving though . cuz i dont wanna . !
We only have part of the give away figured out but thats not gonna stop us from letting u collect ur tickets 
gonna have dinner @yats tonight!  wabash landing! here's hoping they have chili cheese  omnomnomnomnom
@knkartha  naah...smells of paint now, go in june. they gonna have 4d theater btw 
@neeshellmybell bayfair my dear...r u gonna come finally? Lol 
I Know this sounds crazy but....i so interested in trading stock right now. Imma read a couple books first though 
@fudgiespringer lol hell na but mi nah lie mi bounce 2 time cause of the riddim! 
gonna go have me some fun and get free shit 
just dropped off my sisters prom stuff she's gonna look amazing 
gonna drive threw sonic and get a slushy or something then go to work to do stupid computer classes then work later, at least i get paid 
gonna enjoy a little bit of sunshine 
gonna see hannah montana the movie today 
hey howz it going i just ate like sooooo many donuts i think im gonna explode :O but it was worth it lol 
@DavidArchie i've watched it (I wanna know you duet) in youtube 9x last night. hahaha  love it sooo much. 
gonna read like water for chocolate before i knock out 
@qingsy ehhh girl! demure leh u! how come got pui one! HAHA. 
wow im already feeling lazy and sunday just began! I'm gonna brush my teeth, then go off to bed! 
gonna hit the hay. tired. it was too much too handle 
@mileycyrus omggg miley atlantis is AWSOMEEEE  your gonna have soo much fun ! iluu &lt;3333
just joined twitter. gonna see what all the hype is about? 
@mysticalrose20 thats sexy...well it was nice talking to you but im gonna go to sleep  goodnight
im tired.. i think im gonna go 2 sleep now.. c ya tomorrow! yay! 
@gabanti haha i know! but it ain't gonna happen. same goes for the amount of peoples im following on twitter 
@hydrielalmeth cool, gotta listen to it soon 
its gonna b another long nite...I can already tell 
just got in from clubbin and I'm feeling way too awake. I wanna go another round dammit!!! 
won't it be fun drinkin from a magic teacup n it allows you to enter someone's dream????????   hee..hee....  
oh well... *dries tear* i now realize ive written alot of.. these thingys.. i should stop now. im gonna play something. i dont know what. 
@Svajen yeah  i love that pilow^^ i'm gonna move to england about 6 year 
gonna work on the movie again... 
The most updated twitter status of the day and the winner is @sillysushi lg ga ada kerjaan ya lo? 
@treeeuh LMFAOOO :L calm down with the pe. i mean its not that hard if you dont stress. like mee  hahahahaha ! love you &lt;3
says brb  ill eat muna (bye) http://plurk.com/p/rj106
gonna clean my room now while listeing to music  &lt;3
back from the beach, had dinner and now relaxing! sunday night and we're gonna boogie ppl!!! 
flipping out  with the mind boggling things that i see... yay! need to declutter soon... galaw galaw sa tag araw... hahaha!
Just woke up, gonna go out for a run in a little bit, after guests leave 
I just can't wait to know who's gonna be my 5*0 follower 
just woke up... gonna take puppy for a walk in a bit then waitin for my munchkin to come home  
@evansims all appears to be well - its quiet on the forums and stuff... gonna need to fire up the traffic driving when you get back 
gonna get me some cake or something nooow. 
back at mi casa. what a night, gooooood times 
gonna play some , sims now  : P ,
@clara018 yeah omg i do too!   so what are you gonna be up to today?  i have to work on an english fiction story.  gotta write the draft 2
@DDubLover   ohh yeah i don't need a seat lol i just wanna play 
think im gonna have a shower 
gonna go look at a house today just for fun! Then we are gonna head out to the park ... should be fun for sophia 
Yay  thx for those kind words...makes me banana's go all achy! ho ho
it'd be rainin'! gonna shoot 
will meme na.. nytienyt guyz!  switdweaMz.. (bye) http://plurk.com/p/rktao
@uyaerdna hahaha! platinum ak  kw? gotta be as near as possible! ok lg kng ubos na pera! worth it! hahaha! 1 hour of him singing? *dies*
gonna make pancakes  or try to at least.....ill tell you how it turns out....xD
finally decided what im gonna do about blogging  ;-)
im hungry but if i eat ill only eat a load of crap :| haha. mm 6 dayyyys. i reckon elli is gonna text me or tell everyday until saturday 
@pratama nope I'm prefer the 200...  I'm gonna try to save up some money to get it... 
sooo confused...gonna cal my best friend  hopefully that'll cheer me up
@Sowhatx3 i juss had it so ii cant xD but in 10 minutes is gonna start one of my fav program soo  uu so slow lauren conrad copier xD
can't wait till my vacation starts next week!!!  .. and uh yes, e-bo0gie yu have my attenton ..(^^,)
@GCODEGFB its gonna be tight... you should go ill send ya an evite on facebook  (if i already didnt)
about to watch the #simpsons! come on tweeps ya know ya wanna watch it tooooooo 
did some cleaning, worked on the site a little bit, now gonna watch tv &amp; eat some Chinese food 
gonna go get my hair trimmed. fun 
@rarejem  yeah he told me he was gonna talk to you 
brunch wit the fam was kooll..the marina wass soo pretty todayy gotta go bahk wit my babe to the aquarium to see the fishyy'ss!!! 
@DavidArchie duhhh i am! your in it! aha! when is your solo world tour gonna star; texas and me are begging! 
visitingg nicole and my niece breanna, gonna go get starbucks ryte nowww. mmm... 
onyx with the sam  happy birthday babe! [buffy the body's gonna be here tonight. score!]
well, im gonna start getting ready for bed. goodnight, everyone 
@tuckercolburn &quot;girl, I been watching you, think I wanna know ya...&quot; 
We're gonna kidnap the jonas brothers! 
my cousin esthers overr. yay  gonna go hang out with herr.
@roxannegregorio shofee yung nickname ni baby  we took it from the word siopao . haha ! musta ?
@sophiebaron umm pretty sure  now i wanna go to both shows though in case david's at the tuesday one too haha
@tiessaaudia waduh, get well soon! mungkin bisa ditolong teh anget gitu? 
i get sooo many tweets! so for now, i'm just gonna answer the first one, so if i don't get back to you, sorry! keep trying. love u. xoxo 
@misslaurie i dunno about your wed but im gon b rappin at sputnik LOL. i switched tho, workin a double on thurs if u wanna come thru then 
@DearYvette @vicequeenmaria It's somehow fitting that a sexbot just followed me. On that note, Imma goin to dreamland... 
Eating popcorn like a mo fo 
@phillyd im gonna have to disagree. respectfully of course 
@kristensaywhaa yea it does. awww well math 109 is easier than 108 for sure  LOL and to think i was gonna do nursing too =(
last class got cancelled! woo and is gonna play some sims 2 
@DarrenRoberts to put a tune to....but i know I can do it! Just gotta keep trying! 
@DaliLama13 - yeh i highly doubt u will have any dramas..... 
@YoungWoon damnnnn thats crazyy now i reallyyy wanna watch it! 
@maxz2040 yer well its a 6.45 game...but i gotta pik up mesh from the traino b4.  so...yer from 5pm should be fine! 
@mjollnir just yell out kia ora next time, and they will come running 
i'm gonna eat some chips??!! anybody, want some??? hahaha! 
ehh i need a break. gonna do 3pg essay 2m before work at 5. going to bed now. gym in the morning! nightttt 
@gi_ri_ja good morning, It's nice to see you!   
gonna get a tan. i am so white 
@kkkrista  anytime..  Why ya gonna be up so late?
@cece_newnew yea I saw the oil show u put on gotta I likes 
@noangelvfc lol  well im gonna totter off. my sister trashed my room coz i wouldn' tlet her on.. i need to go cut her guitar strings 
@brookehaskins 07 !!! It's bloody quick,, even my gran could drift it   http://twitpic.com/4ja93
@mswilliamsmusic awww shooks  now im gon be all overprotective just incase you start cybercheatin on me lol
my brain is gonna explode, a minute from now ) it is full of numbers @-) this should be the cliiimb. :-j i'm climbing the: mt. numbers. 
I've got great expectations of tomorrow  It's gonna be awesome!! ? http://blip.fm/~5jf53
@Emmmaa___ haha im gonna follow my dreams now  well...ur dream haha im still reading over it for the 90th time  :p
@underdog1979 Was gonna say, probably kill ya, serve the sentence and be living on the insurance cash by now.  You are insured right LOL 
@masterballerina yeah, I have revision to do, but gonna go starbucks instead 
@stephenfry gotta catch 'em all 
@joshtastic1 yea gonna make it for tea later.just need to get some naan bread  to go with it.lol 
@eugenechua oh, that's good. I might wanna fly there and shoot some photos. 
@j3nn1e ooh good!  im starting with the hardest one, gonna be at it all day. ive locked my door and im only leaving for food and toilet! x
is @ school, we're gonna learn how to use skype 
back from school  daily show was amazing  gonna watch it again later i think xD
gonna get out in the sunshine 
@THEREALNOM hehe  now im smiling... but u still gotta make it up to me
@daveredfly great thanks  looking for a client, maybe I can use this myself, gonna try it 
@dg4G ha! nice.    that's about all the german you're gonna get from me.  after that, it's just counting and jibberish.
@paultelner lol I really wanna go there!! Imma check the vid out rite now 
 @mrjoecool well praise the lord 4 gud moods i kno i need 2 b 1, im workn out ma thighs &amp; these dark clouds is scaring me
gonna eat pizza. what are you doing?? 
@YoshiTori Yeaup. I was gonna tell ya that 
havin friends over hangin out with christian tonight!!  gonna roast marshmellows and chocolate and cramcrackers.!?!?! 
@blindllama i can do all that  but wha would i be learning?
@perze my gut feel says its gonna be a boy ababa  
@Peacehippie04 is a loser;) baha, dude! i'm gonna come &amp; put those pictures on my myspace really quick! 
@SKORPIOLOVE  I know... just when I was starting to think this break-up was gonna have me up all night tossin and turnin.. no ma'am! 
@shufflebite im gunna juhs so its another way to talk ta yu  &lt;3
at homee..boring but its okiee gonna see the boyfriend and his momma tomorrow for momma dayy 
@FlyAArmy @aduvall818 @FlyingPhotog @FoxWhisperer - brief interruption- brb. goodnight if i don't catch u again later. gotta ck something 
@tcheella hahaha u can use my phone everywhere... just use a wi-fi 
Tired as hell...long ass weekend so far, chillin wit mi madre 2moro 
yeah.... and im gonna take ur picture off my ipod baby..  
@DanielAlxander I like that...gonna have to re-tell 
@GenesisFireMoon Ah sorry to hear that, just saw pic of chi. and looks cool  I got beagle and ori-pei
@madz_xx not as yet... i would just like to know if its okay for your mum before ask my mumm  hopefuly there gonna tell us soon!!!
awesomeness....she comes my way...lol..dun dun dun! 
@bella88love I was gonna go for aiden but I had a girl so I went with scarlet 
@cherrythegreat hay naku!!madaya ka talaga ah hehe ..hey happy mothers day to your mom nga pala  @baditz and to your mom also 
@r_u_b_y_l totes it's gonna be fun as bi-otch. yeah she'll do it... we'll make her!! 
@aerform I love you so much.  Just got into my hiding spot, gonna go check out datalounge
@divadivachrissy lol wat u making me come all da way overr there for?v 
@YoGottiKOM when u gonna come show minnesota some love though hun?! 
ok im about to passs out. tonight was lovely  buenas noches mi gente.. tomorrow we shall party it up again!
says np- Because of You -- Ne-Yo  (music) http://plurk.com/p/svm3r
@arlocordova yes super lakas ng ulan. buti nalang i have a red bandana, body ko lang ang wet look  hahah!
gonna go outside with my daddy... gonna take a ride with his new triumph! 
@hypnophil  oh hiya phil am well ta hope u are too  
watching click, they are talkin about twitter and celebrityTweet  im just gonna get ready for work
@hernameisnicki is it? :O im gonna get that 
think im gonna upload some pics 
Mcfly's new dvd is out tomoro  I'm so gonna make mi dad buy it for me(it luks awesome)
@brokeprooftone shut up!!!!! u aint gotta lie 2 kick it 
@azdog nighty ho!! 
so bored! gonna try and get my costume sorted today  honey bee it is!
@tommcfly heey tom, ansious for coming to brazil again? i cant wait for the gig, its gonna be awesome! 
@SARGE_PAULNE deffo wil  and im gonna buy u a prgramme as a pressi- no money needed, 4all ur hard work xx
@Londondress what im gonna do at the audtion? im gonna read a monologue! 
@guy no problemo you gonna need it 
@dianneunice ah okie. guee buh-bye. good night na rin. 
@charchaos haha thats awesome, i'm gonna watch the simpsons film now looks funny  x
@Apradita yes finally i know the lesson for tomorrow hehe just online and watched tv, dit i wanna see your blog doong 
I'm gonna try and make today special for mah momma 
@MossLover use your ipone there's gotta be an app for tha! 
happy mothers day! im gonna go play sims 2 
hug ur mom, and show her how important she is in ur life!! this is what im gonna do.. and spend the day with her!  happy sunday, see ya!
gonna dream a bit about my current reality. till then. xxx 
@dabrighterside it was okay naman eh.. 1st plang nman yan eh.. u still have more to go.. 
@EuforiworldN1 http://twitpic.com/4x9uz - ba-na-na monkey with peals &amp; the girl who keep(s) it all 2gether with a ring thing 
gonnaa goo curll my hair and gonna watch a moviee for a few hours(; i lovee youu guyysss &lt;3 andd himmm(; psshh you know whoo youu arre ! 
going home frm kemah  wid my parentss!! haddd fun wid da familia =D gayy skool tomorroe =/
gonna go paint my nails, do math hw, and watch a moviee; laterrrr twitter 
@LizJonasHQ theres a new interview from atlantis if you wanna post it  http://bit.ly/rTSLn
kinda not sure what i'm doing. but ok. gonna go take a shower. be right back 
your my cuppycake gumdrop snucklebunchbukems...your my sweetie pie. this song is gonna be stuck in my head foreverrrr. 
says eat nah lahat ng lunch ukie.. dont skip..  http://plurk.com/p/t0rxk
funny ass aqua teen  I'm gonna try apologizing to momma :/
@allenbenjamin it will be! you gonna be around this summer? i'll let ya try some 
@mckenziecoco friday sounds great  we'll hang with da gang it'll go down with a bang. maybe end with karaoke? girl wanna hear you saaaang
@DonnieWahlberg I'm just gonna miss you!! 
in the apple store &amp; now gonna go and catch a bus to adrienne's 
finally got home.. gonna change my clothes now 
@emma_licious na all my good shoes are in the boxes so I'll prob wear some of those  cuz those forces aren't white enuf lol..
cant wait for blink 182 to come back&lt;333 hungry for taco bell. chargin ipod. being inspired! wanna live my dreaaammmss  goodnight
@GGGKeri haha oh i've already found my picture for yours!! i feel sick now but if i'm better tomorrow, i'm just gonna do it then! 
gosh itshot...gonna go watch american idol its on in 26 minutes  (katy perry is performing on it which means i HAVE to watch it)
going wakeboarding on sunday hellz yea  finally! and gonna get some awesome pics
off in twitter. gonna go to the dentist. ooh. scary. ahaha. 
@SirEdwardCullen  K, just let me know when you want to...you got a long drive ahead of ya. 
bout half way done packing! gonna be a long ride! thanks for the sketch hanna! 
greys/private practice cross over! its gonna be epic 
@toppy84 cus you dont wanna be a hobo with no education  x
wow so danny's gone and its btwn kris and adam? adam's gonna win hands down fo shezzay 
@kikaycutie13 hahaha.. i don't even care about the song playing right now. lol  i jst wanna hear david xD
@cameronreilly someone's gotta do it 
the ting tings at max volume helps to speed up the marking 
oooo wats the surprise about sway sway gonna be?? will it be big?? idk haha 
new pictures on myspace  gonna go to bed, night ttyl.
having yummm dinners. can't wait for fallen sins in melbs, gonna rock. loves chats with ruby today, you're the greatest (y) 
is at @leahclaire 's lovely abode. gonna pass out and then head off to burbank to meet up with christine in vegas! 
ha ha he ha ha ho, I need breakfast, a shower and about a gallon of water to drink and I might, just might, get rid of this headache! 
getting excited about #downloadfestival again  me and @cfdotnet gonna rawk out - http://bit.ly/N0YsC
@jtculture sounds like a plan right there...gonna get it done 
off to a thai doc. oii. thats gonna be iiinteresting 
priya needs to take a nice long shower  gotta blow off some steam! 
ok i should not be up this late when i gotta work a double tommrrw! ugh!! goodnite! 
@selleXXmarie haha yea can't remember lol oh connecticut heard that state  yup! I did already may books na nga ee. hay! lol
On my way to niagara falls  haha its gonna be great!
@ccthepr aww ur welcome. Imma check out ur blog when I get home 
@DavidArchie hey do you have a girlfriend right now david?.. hehehe im just wanna know.. good evening!.. 
my five favourite words on twitter are: xxx, gonna, home, homework, bed. I never thought it's be bed! 
@LillyFilan yeh i will just listen to no si aqui no hay amor   haha anyway now i am just on facebook and stuff. how about you?
@MINDSTREAMRADIO hehe I think that's a great idea! People gonna call in wit ques, we gonna get the phone lines jumpin 
@jennybrooks BUT, of course I can't wait to get my people mag in the mail today  hee hee
@tristanx Getting back into the swing of things myself... getting ready to paint... gonna start playin' some tunes! 
@JuventusGirl BKfast is on the table darlin ya better hurry or your gonna miss out. 
im gonna nighty nite in beddy bye land  horse town 2morrow finally!!!
but, forever positive, something dumb to laugh at...what color is a burp?  BURPLE  hee hee im just the silliest...
just got home, gonna watch some tv, goodnight 
@lindahh yeah thats true... its gonna be awesome! see you there! 
gonna try a shout-out back to @barrysouthgate (brand new to this, so i may do something twittery   here goes....and click &gt;
finally home from checkin out da beach wea we goin camp nex month  so excited!
@MishB_ LOL noooo! Imma cum where u at!!! 
@BlueFruit888 umbrella=??=yu3 san3; hot=??=yan2 re4;  wish to know more Chinese? follow us! Nicemandarin.com
@minette95 im gonna go listen to it right now!  how amazing would it be if it's on the set list for the world tour. my life would be made!
bah eh i'm off gonna finish up till 717 around 6 or 7! 
at the rent with my girls. I'm feelin like havin some capt tonight. baby wanna spend the night??? 
@Jennybeeean yayyy!! goodnight! &lt;3 I'm gonna send you a pic of my dress on fb first tho haha 
just found out my great grandfather is gonna be on tv ine onf othe old classic malay shows, my granma gave a nice history lesson 
damn, im gonna be very sucessful with this motherfucking fictitious story im writing 
hey, tired. gonna watch tv nd muck around on the exercise ball. 
@Mimiluvsglitter awww ur the best, i wanna meet bay area peeps already 
@mimii23 i haven't listened to good girls go bad OR pete wentz is the only reason we're famous. im gonna wait for the album.. august 11th 
@felixwidjaja yeh same here. if you learn how to run magento locally please let me know  
The american idol finale is gonna be awesome!!! I cannot wait to see who wins! 
@erin82883 docks the brownie points but its nickelodean themed so yay spongebob. gonna try to go on a ride today. and get a funny cake 
great nite last nite, gonna have a nice relaxin sunday catchin up on one tree hill 
ok, y'all..gonna call it a night or morning..take care and thnx for following..luvs ya 
ohhh and I really wanna buy a sudoku book cuz @awnie keeps mentioning it and now I wanna do some too! 
@meemsta heck yea! skating was always cool haha. so yeah we gotta do a duet sometime! have a gnite mims 
just dropped a fkn taco on my bed, im gonna b sleeping in sourcream 2night kids 
missed se2ep22 and 23 of big bang theory ...downloading  
@VGQB ah yeah, people suck. I'm always here though if you wanna rant. 
just went for a run, now i'm eating an apple. gonna go cycling in a few mins - yes, i'm very active on weekends! 
@babycks i woul love to stay overr  and watchh a  movie and eat popcorn im gonna get some ice-crem too  x
@JackoBTC gonna be ok  da do do do just dance let the record play....  hahaha
@kathleensita kay, edit some of my pics pud ha.. hehehe. 
@hilary_dot_duff hey i heard you guys were meetin up in toronto let me know what day cos im gonna come i will need to try n switch work 
@fakermino i cant she says ac`s not there and they dont wanna play truth or dare but i told her when ac comes beg them they`ll say yes! 
just had a nice sunday dinner  now gonna chill frabit.
...hmmmmm...im hungry...i think im gonna go grab a slice of pizza......again 
@jonnyavbegood i can tell he wants to beat me !! ahha but i'm gonna win anyway  
@DavidArchie maraming salamat for sharing with us your music..  u come back ok? keep it up.. godspeed..
just watched paul ogrady and now im gonna download all the disney soundtracks! all the songs are soooo good! 
has hanami with japanese class today  is said because maia's not gonna be there 
getting ready, gonna go eat ice cream with a very good friend  gonna miss him when I move again...
assistance league fashion show today! mmm so exited! its gonna be fun and super dresssssy 
gonna make tour graphics.. 
my friend's watching iljimae w/ eng subs n says it has the crappiest english grammar! lol cuz it's true but it's hilarious w/ li jun ki 
gonna have a magners now (bulmers for my irish mates)  ttyl! 
riverfest later today !! xD  gonna hang with megan, maxine, and taylor . 
last nite was awesome.lets see there was:cafe tu tu,bellydancing,prom,bk, universal,home 
@jonaslover7143 heyyy im on now and gonna be here 4 a while in case u can get on 
sometimes you gotta be smart and go on break with the rich associates. they buy you lunch. lmfao. 
mmmmmmmmmmmmm i smell my tea  lack of latin revision worries me greatly! and don't even get me started on english! god! so gonna fail!
naaaaa not listening to mcfly on the radio, effort. gonna read my new book though! 
ok. i've finished my ga member. 
@typezero3 ohh noo its gonna be hot out there! hurry up!! 
@RiRiFenty popopopoker face ma ma ma ma  Like lady gaga, and also u riri   it would be fun a featuring of riri and ladyG 
just got ready and waiting to leave from my friends house i dont wanna be here anymore jk anna  i love you (kinda)
gonna go shoppin with mommy. maybe that will cheer me up 
@ShortyisaGenius shortiiortii mi mental fast budii!!!  i have juan.. rite!? lol
hey everyone !!!well im bak home !!! just puttin sum new songs on ma ipod  byeee xxx
done revising - gonna relax for the rest of my glorious sunday and think of the lovely portugese woman of my dreams - bye bye 
@crazy_soap em togava avec toi we r gonna rock the day!!! 
watched underworld: rise of the lycans...  good movie, lot's of action       gonna get some tea now:p
@megan92_ looks good, i really wanna start doing it! 
@hillary64 hey your gonna get it too so dnt even worry about me  im gonna win this
@bunnywunny hee hee - did you only just happen on it? It's deadly cute, yeah! 
@brokepimpstyles oooh i gotta put otis on the player now. these arms of mine my favorite. 
Also gonna wind up presenting something that's not actually checked in yet...livin' on the edge 
@mellowdi I would if you were local but gon enjoy for you. 
gonna go get some lunch with my best girlfriends 
hey folks imjust about to jump in my nice big bath, it has loads and loads of bubbles and is gonna be soooo relaxing...any 1 jealous? 
@VeexVenom yessssss  im gonna use this song in my fannyfic. hahahahaha xD bork!
mornin everyone  gonna head to kona later to drink and well drink...LOL... and watch the games!!
filipino folks are cool, mang! 
P: i cant wait untill we go on tour its gonna be sweet and meet all of our friends on twitter along the way 
@RobinPiggott thanks for the advice though. gonna try feeding regurgitated worms or something 
OMGitsalic: hey ali? you wanna come? iow wuv yu mower    &lt;3
@konst4nt1ne bev said you stole the show! yeah, it was really funtime 
@songbookbaby im gonna smoke some hookah later on tonight with my cousins i cant wait 
i think im gonna get her some O.U. baby socks 
@killerstatus and wait for ur receipt.  Then wala ur ticket 
its gonna be so hot in israel tomorrow.. i am so happy to be away 
it's warm in my apartment...gonna break out the sis-in-law's fan! *grins* gotta make sure it works for her visit, after all... 
gonna eat with the besties for dinner.  i'm a fattiee
watching zathura  then gonna do some math homework 
Imma go wash my face 
layin in bed wit nuthin but a white T 0n, suuuper baked like sum c00kies b0ut2cra$h. can't wait2wake up&amp;get ready4sch00l. 
@mel_b_angel I know. Just gonna wallow in a bottle of tequila tonight and tomorrow will be better. 
Watching leona lewis perform, 'not gonna write you a love song.' 
wanna watch new movies, but i'm broke because of college lol. and follow my long time, gonna make it big someday friend -&gt; @Conceptmusic 
@AlexLeyton kay, good. pinky promise! 
@kanamuramatsu got to, i wanna be @kanamuramatsu when i grow up, u're such an effin rockstar 
@bibs4drips You are welcome - I wasn't really gonna ruin it for ya... 
@JackAllTimeLow cant believe its endingg .. whens your next tour gonna be 
@DHughesy lol hahahahaha, thats funny  so what are you gonna do?? i would leave him if his happy and asleep )
@claudia10 yea i read your beats at the site. hehe  think im gonna lay low for awhile on this. doesnt help to hv too many apps.
gnite tweethearts! im gonna watch some H2H before beddiebye  hugs !
@ACY1 how did I know you were gonna say that!?!?! thats my fave....but w/berries 
@firstdogonmoon ty for lolz  beautiful - 'we're all gonna die!' the chinese security ducks - all of it 
i wonder how long its gonna take to get my iphone... i decided to get white  but tha itouch is gone now :/ back to usin tha psp at nights
@CarmenHayes you gotta take care of you...we all understand 
@ijustine @otherijustine  Finally a vid.. I had a feeling you were gonna load a vid due to the earthquake..  goodnite!
@pluto0932 we'll never know what's gonna happen. the only thing is to make the best of every moment 
@MileyCSupporter yeah .   u tries to get to talk to her as well ? :/ im tried so many times but nothin..i dont wanna be borring..:/
is gonna go lay the floor in his new bathroom today.   and  its pronounce baff not bath  so beef but im common 
@reidjjackson  can you vlog? what do you wanna do? chek out our site. (no ads nothing to buy) just saw your shout out about bein' bored! 
oh and.. i got a surprise for ya'll. from Wow  it isnt't huge or anything, but it'll be cute! not exactly sure when it's gonna happen,
@oceanUP  I just read it. What was with those people?? Imma kick them in the damn head! 
@tinkermebaby ha.i believe u reg..aye if u could dance on a track i would let u  .
@adriankenny lets see a screen grab ! gonna be doing some deskmodding myself, need ideas 
@prichmond14 if u want to join im gonna make you a mod for my forum  http://ILuvMyiPhone88.forums-free.com
@ddlovato omg r u in peru already? i used to live there before. ur gonna love it, have fun!! 
gonna catch the movie Angels &amp; Demons tonight, can't wait! 
@ at work from 6,30 tomorrow... ma per fortuna esco presto 
@TorchwoodCF I'm glad you have sun , here I dunno if it's gonna rain or be sunny!  I know which I want 
@geishabel jo jo jo, knockin' on heavens doors y sweet child o'mine...clasicazos 
@samarowais  got it! thanks kiddo   btw, i didnt open ur gift- it has a pretty bow on top &amp; i didnt wanna spoil it :-D
http://www.youtube.com/user/LOonah24 - if you wanna see &amp; hear david cook say salamat po click on my link.  sorry for the shaky recording
@missweird014 yep, 3 shirts tska isang set ng pins. bakit man? 
@karenkwok920 awwwe! i'm gonna be back probably some time in june, kinda gonna go wherever the wind blows me 
meh im at college cba =[=[ i cant wait to go meet adam on saturday gonna be an aceee day 
i slept 9pm then wake up 2 am! hahaha freakoo! im gonna sleep again 
@LaTtEX Sige, next time I'm stuck in Pasig, I'll just drop by and visit @melynnium and your little one 
@CherylH77 ah ok... ta 
@littleluigi ohhs icic. smallville is good but too long and i dont wanna catch up. i used to watch it!  csi online &lt;3
@ddlovato don't worry, everything's gonna be alright..well at least now u know who ur true friends are 
@comeagainjen im not sure that u realize how amazing and talented u are...so im gonna tell you  you are insanely inspiring and beautiful x
@Filmstalker read ur frost/nixon review deffo gonna get that soon 
@mamutopia Yes I am!  I'm gonna mail you about friday soon by the way! 
@Bethyb oooyeah! It is teh awesome  free wi-fi too
@AussieGal999 how come U have just hit 200, &amp; i'm alrdy 270? u were 1 of my 1st followers! Thats it...youre gonna b my 1st follow friday! 
@elenarr you can make me feel nice and warm ;) cause it's gonna be freezing here.z we're going to some tower placey 
@azimsafwan you've blogged? oh cool! gonna link you zim! awesome photographers. haha. 
gonna go read for a bit and then go pick up the soldiers 
bordd. again i want to do my english stuff even tho i dnt actually have any hw i wanna make that powerpoint   no idea how to use 'keynote'
yun oh! I'm freaking back! missed plurking non-stop!  http://plurk.com/p/uj1ye
shoopid security! its not like we're gonna kidnap the kid! lol. we're nice people 
got bored...im gonna play the piano 
Is at the interchange now gonna cut hair later.  - http://tweet.sg
@takkie13 too much fun  @Louisedevenish It's gonna be the trip of the year! @cc_monkey good idea
ok. this is it. the real twitterbreak. tweet you later @aiLu19  pahinga muna ako. ) i'll miss you bebe.  maya ulet. 
Last night i found a new music love, and i decided to grow up and make a decision! i know what i want now and how im gonna get it aswell 
If you wanna be seen, take a shit where you sleep and smile real wide...  \m/
waiting for the bus... im bored!! cant wait til wednesday... or thursday... both gonna be awesome 
ta ta then, hope your dreams do come true, well most of you atlease, 
@rnfjonasstack hahah, i think a magical fairy is gonna come along and go poof! and it will be like mad ass long! and then you wont (more) 
@wastedlittle_dj yer better getting it now rather than next week  cannae wait, gonna make ma pennies for ma tent on wed 
finally had my german exam, tomorrow it's gonna be english haha ... cheyenne, no you better watch. duh! 
@vanillasuicide omg, i'm so jealous... Looks so good  can tah pau for tomorrow's breakfast?
@5w Thanks, really nice to hear that.  The respond was pretty good, gonna inject more features soon.
@Nixster27 yay for dollhouse! and yay for sci fi channel cos they are gonna air the ep that didnt get aired in usa 
leavin ma office 
@jbenhartley I was wondering when it was gonna happen brother! congrats  thrilled for you both! did it go down like you wanted??
I love new friendss that take us out to canyon lake nd pretend like they're gonna kill us lol 
@angiedarintip i'm only gonna watch this cuz i read evan rachel wood's gonna be in sz 2 and i &lt;3 her  got so many sz finales to catch on!
wondering what this twitter is all about, but gonna give it a go 
@NelsonCOcampo tagal naman! if it's gonna take you that long, you'd better come home wit a baby! 
Starting wedding recaps on the blog today!!!  It's gonna take for-eva to get through all these lovely pictures! 
@mredemglover oh at least you don't have to worry about anything but your grades.  you wanna transfer to temple?
Imma be different....I love Mondays 
@mon_ell what about me? it isnt fair ive had enough now i want my share cunt u see i wanna be followed 
@AdrienneSimone i aint gotta holla i got u  lol *pulls up to the house*
@watoza why freak out? I'm just gonna follow you 
@adrianmuniz u gonna need more than a book to get that understood I assure u 
gonna load up on some orange juice.  maybe it'll help me feel better.  
@YankeeGirl20 LOL sorry you can use wi-fi in restruants and designated area otherwise you got pay  x
@alannamarrero i do too! i used to *love* twilight but now i think its ok. gonna see new moon though!  and i *LOVE* harry potter D
bought a miss selfridge dress at half price  but it doesnt look girly enough for wedding. ugh i am gonna be the 'bad' sister! haha yay!
@LexiStarGirl haha it's alright hun. good o hear she is back then  x
super happy... walang nihongo class bukas hehe.. must finish all the impt tasks 
gonna play virtual families~ by y'all 
@Azlen yup we're gonna run around the apartment naked! 
when is kansas city gonna get  a #lego store?  I want one!!!! 
mornin' tweeps... we bit pooched gonna go for a bike ride and a little sweat 
@dymples06 I sure will. I know we we discussed some projects of urs in the works right? So yeah, 4 show! I'll let ya know soon. 
@caaroliinaa92 LOL!!!! lets go!!!  hhahahaa, gonna replyyy to ur youtube mesage nowww  xx
Haha, whatever the case, mi piace twhirl molto 
gonna rock down to _____ avenue!! 
gonna get a package from the mail soon 
yeah its raining .. gonna be a good cycle in 
at work, 's gonna be a lazy hazy day. tonite out for partying at galerie loayl. gonna be fun 
@cordmontgomery i'm sorry.. i just get really jealous okay? i dont want bitches flirting with you.. i wanna keep you for myself 
@dizzyunplugged its cool mos gonna give us a lift, you are of course welcome to come into toon though 
@ikamini traffic I'm auckland is beyond bad. Yay can't wait for wednesday, gonna be a blast! 
@LeslieRosales hahahha yea u are fired!! It's gonna be fun tho 
@unbottledjeanie wa.....is damn &quot;shui&quot; ler....wish you have a nice day after this 
@amandabarry very true ... im gonna bank on it  
@pinkcranberri  baby your gonna be fine dont worry TWITTER SUCKS
@bman91 haha awww yu n tahlia are heaps cute together  *.*
@iLoveColbyO haha...his new album drops early 2010 btw i cant wait...gonna pre-order it 
oh yeh lol smile  life is great juz qet bak up wen it knockss u down
@changbekool shut up chang! go to sleep! lol. (sidebustin') haha.. jk chang, you're cool! 
@lidles awwww i wanna pair!!  hehe ur soo cutee ily and yes freeeeeeeezinggg
just go cast as an extra... cool... gonna take the learing opportunity experience 
is going out tonight to babyblu  ill come bk on wen i roll in at 7 in the mornin haha x
@richardquest aargh,,i gotta take mom with me !! don't wanna tell a lie after i steal,ya know,i got sum honor 
I'm definately gonna be offline these next two days..hmm..but it's ok because can catch up onTokusatsu show that I have downloaded 
oh, frank is nominated again too but i dont wanna vote for him again this year, thats why 
@ancaspitfire what up mamaz!! I'm gonna follow u...keep in touch  nice meeting ya!
@loz_xx nah i am  mum n i are gonna buy it tmoz or sunday  woooo
@BrianMcnugget now that is a smart idea loll there my 2 fav tw shows gonna bee hard lol and neighbours 
gonna see the pillar of autumn later lovelovelovelove made them a present  gonna give it to them when i see them
is loving the song &quot;Nothing's gonna stop us now&quot;..wow.I noticed that im quite addicted to oldies these days..haha 
ooh i looove derby. so glamorous. love u katha hun. now take a float 
its freeeezzzzing outside. had my guitar lesson and just got takeaway.. gonna go eat now.. 
@benbarnesonline daddddddyyyyyyyy! oh myyyy, uoale monga ya vof ata e nest vof! hee heee 
ok this is gonna be my last tweet 4 2nite!! its too cold in here!! going out to the heater!! mmm warm n cosy!! 
@yezir when i get my comp back, im gonna be making something and i hope you'll appreciate it  anyway now for real enjoy the weekend. ttyl
@joyce_ap aww. ur leaving by 2? hmm.. bahala na si batman! will text you na lang tomorrow. 
Goodmorning tweet buddys, and facebook, amigos! Imma make eats my eggs, and drink my tea, and then of to the studio! yeay!! 
gonna go out in the rain and ride my bike and listen to @taylorswift13 's old great songs. 
is feelin charged....im sooo gonna do this!!! 
@cathylando i thought adam was gonna win... but i was glad kris did though!  i loved both of the guys so it was ok with me haha
wow what a lovely day  gonna go hot man crusing with ma cuz with the roof down zoop zoop lol
gonna order a dress now, hopefully a bikini aswell. 
just got my new graphics card in the post, waiting for drivers to download 12mins to go  its gonna be awesome
gonna watch a movie with k8.  http://plurk.com/p/vggpe
@debonbon cheers!  i'm running ubuntu 8.10. gonna upgrade to 9.04 when i get my new card. tried it with current but it just wouldn't work.
 gonna volunteer at madres school again -still trying to calculate how many friends i really have.
candidate showed up, and she is  good!!  gonna introduce her to our supplier
is up early boutta plant grass with mah pops . . . hopefully we done by 11:30 cuz I gots someone I wanna see 
anybody in adelaide city tonight holla at me cos me and the (other) yank are gonna be hitting it up  woo
Leaving for school.........gonna comment some blogs when I get back 
gonna play some sims now. I love it!!! 
i'm gonna get that dvd no matter what. 
@ashleigh92 oh right haha  you gonna go baba ? i love you xxx
ome im a 9th grader! not lookin foward to the 4 years of dirty jokes the guys are gonna tell, but whatever 
bored out ma tree .. think ah might go play with ma guitar 
just woke up. gonna eat breakfast then pack some more. then walk down to the tanning salon 
@LiiLiii el shar ma yjech  , I feel better than theis morning,  but I stell feel deazy, it's nothing compared to the tommy pain.
@TylerFlorence it's gonna be a digital hi. because I'm more near the amsterdam area than the charlotte area 
math class. SO glad its friday, when i get home im gonna jump in the pool 
I have an idea, might not plan out, but it's something to focus on, gonna check it out later! 
@alishaannandale no not really, i have just gone to get some more water  lol. your very healthy my dear! im gonna go mke a cup of tea
@donnieklang going to logan huh?! thats gonna suck  be careful hun!
hmmm what to do tonight.. i wanna enjoy the nice weather 
@baditz17 yeah finished that too.  altair's not coming back for the 2nd one, its a different protagonist na.
having my first coffee in like a week (no exaggeration) fuck I've missed coffee...  (gonna go crazy in a min lol XD)
I juss wanna say thank you to allll my followers 
up @ 6:30 dirtaaayy wait.. does that rhyme? @Supernes510 YAYYYBABBYY how many mths we gotta waaait? pop the suckerr outt! 
@justinphillip justin  ur gonna be here for summer? //say yes\\ lol
I have a theory ?? that this weekends write chat is gonna be fabulous !!! 
@hanniee_e my sister loves me.. shes gonna see star trek with me 
@acquiredapathy lol well i just quit just now so im gonna be off for alot longer than i thought lol ... miss u 
@ayamami na its cool dude, i still get to jam out and work out and mellow.... just when i'm not i'm working mwahah  would have liked t ...
@vicentemendoza agree  am still on ep10. oh well, i've heard about that suicide thingy too. that's sad. well, i ? yi jung-ga eul tandem!
Playing tetris with christina cant wait for tonight its gonna be lots of fun 
Goooodnight twitter..i mean morning :p im gonna be stuffed 4 netball haha oh well  xx &lt;3
@knpeterson Bahahaha, awesome! Who ya gonna call? 
@Charliexoh also, forgot to ask, whats that movie called which you told me about with all the lions? wanna watch it 
@samclarke nooo dont be nervous  i'm gonna cook us dinner and it'll be lovely and relaxed i promise x
can't wait for this long weekend!!  im gettin' a pregnancy massage tomorrow!  it's gonna feel nice!  
Working on a massive article about while our education system is failing. It's gonna be great 
just took a shower. feel great now! listening to &quot;hello, goodbye&quot; by the beatles at the mo. gonna eat barbeque later on  xx
@nettekulet thanks mami nette!  me mum greeted me an hour ago, coz she's going to sleep na daw. Lol
@ladebelle awwwwww!!!!! we're gonna meet!!!!!  lol ur such a tweetheart...lol &lt;=====corny right
@AndrewSnedeker ... hmmm, we'll see. The only problem is that I don't wanna hafta switch my plan too much.  I'm broke.
@JUKiE_o8 way better! haha. parang ym lang to e. cool. 
@kellarenee We're gonna look so cute in my car 
well...gotta hit the sack..12:31am....adios!  
@TomFelton I'm gonna get mac today too coz its my birthday! 
@marsacademy I can't wait to see that movie. Looks like it's gonna be rather good. 
just bought a new book  i'm such a nerd...but i like it lmao =P kinda tired....gonna go to sleep now. nite peoples!!!!! (-_-)zZzZzZ
@thefirstletters why darling? we shall cha cha cha our way there 
@romanrijkers I hope I don't miss it, it's gonna be an awesome match! 
bro need to use com so ima go to sleep love you kim feel better kay &lt;3.come again tonight 
@RobirobC very cool...i gotta check it out 
so I'mn gonna stop panickin right this second and try to enjoy myself. 
@gaylejack what's your celebration song gonna be? 
I love her even more wen she acts like this  b quiet and mean all u want bae I'm gonna respond wit lots of love for ya!
fudge! tomorrow is gonna suck, gotta get up super early to make it to work-since I am riding and then I get the stitches out! 
june 8th needs to hurry the eff up 'cause i wanna cuddle. anyway, party party this weekend for gi's grad. it's gonna be ridic and silly 
unfortunately i gotta suffer daytime tv all mornin 
gonna go on the web to check other tweets. and i was so close to actually walking all the way home 
@karlmageddon hahaha yeah, you can't rock tsinelas in snow. unless you wanna give up a few toes 
@TrischzReeves ohh wait. gonna eat first. food always makes me feel better 
@yellowduckx I found out that there's gonna be 12 ep of atashinchi  im just like looking all over for ep 7
Imma send ya'll a new video everydayyyyy! 
inquiring minds wanna know  lol
@chescasanchez74  that is such a nice thought ... I hope to pass this on, yu got it right 
@queenofblending Just voted  i kno ur gonna win tho. lol
@CarloHilton bombshell  and blunt mag just posted about it on twitter its gonna be in august thats all i know so far 
....idk, i wanna do sumthin crazy, any ideas?? 
@kay_bu temporary paradise.. pakshet! haha  nice kay 
@Eltah thank u! and yess people always gonna talk.. but imma follow u cuz u seem cool 
@TweetyDeee lmaoooooo.. girl I've been doing this since I was 17, Imma be 30 this year. I taught myself 
@BlackaRicanMa as long as u gonna b my host...I'm down 
having fun huh. u thinking of me while u over there? lets see i wanna know wat we would be doing if i was there 
@ILUVNKOTB gotta luv those guns...thanx I'm gonna put that as my wallpaper..... 
ok. im gonna get off now. finally right? 
@andreaheine i wanna lay outside tomorrow and tan! ps i figured it out 
g with me!! try to contact nalang the other planeteers...kamu ni kim hahhahaha im excited na!!! come najud  do you know a place where we c
I'm closing lappy-top for a while...gonna eat and hang out wif @Lethaldread  maybeh steal some of his chzcake XD #ChubsUnite
Long time no tweet. Here's something for ya'll: im gonna get a hairrrrrcuuuuttt! 
Just gonna do some badass skipping with smash tomorrow 
@Stonekl yeah we are. And yeah we're gonna have a lot of fun. 
my friend and i have a debate.. our debate is about whether its gonna b ko-bron or k-wight. i say its kobron, she says its kwight. 
@BrittdixonPINK fa real. That makes me so mad. Imma change that when i make it. 
ta ta ta tired. reading for a bit then bedtime. 
@therealTiffany ok well miss tiff. i have school at 7 am. so im gonna go to bed.  thanks for the convo. your such a sweetheart 
see ya in august ka!! have fun at home 
wholy shit that was a good practice! yeah im gonna have some bruises on my ass, arm, and leg tomorrow...its all good. I luv derby! 
I'm gonna need a rake to get this fuck knot outta my hair 
@lyltea whoa!!! I missd all this stuff?? I dont undstd twitter ur gonna hav to show me!! 
(justin) so my body tells me its time to work out again, im gonna go running, 
ima awwaay..maybe theres wi-fi somewhere today 
@MikemanxMiguel haha yes! I'll text and tweet when I can  I'm totally gonna miss u tho! we deff need to do the sunsplash thing!
is gonna sleep goooood tonite lol lol . graduation tmrwwww 
@ddlovato now your really building up the suspense!!... come onnn.. spill the beans i really wanna noooo demiiii! 
@babyscratch ha ha fa realz...gotta meet up wit the homies in BEGAS real soon, so i def gotta go swoop up ma sis! 
gonna get ready for work so that when everyone else wakes up i can be sitting there like &quot;jesus christ your lazy..&quot; just to wind them up 
i just wanna sing arround cody sheldon inspire me :] i  wanna mix a songg cause @samantharonson inspire me 
Fact of the day: If I don't know you and you ask me for a drink, 95% chance your gonna get the &quot;fuck you bitch&quot; look. 
@milaaaaycyrusss well dont get it  its not gonna kill u  unless ur poor but ur not so ur fine
I'm sleepy....when I wake up, it's gonna be friday!  goodnight!
me and my brother rented singstar queen on the ps3, oh singstar how i have missed thee.. jake's coming over an we're gonna play tonight 
@xsHe_BaDDx ima come .. 4sho 4sho 
@Katibear ooh gonna have to remember that one 
By the way, to heck with the stalkers, I'm having fun, and I never twitpic til I'm on the fly ... haha ... tonight's gonna be a blast!! 
@DaveEmoney so difficult. But , ima count u as real kay? 
@fenaseniero ya, let me know if you wanna go. You'll feel rejuvenated and more fit! The steam is good for detox 
@iamcarlah yeh i no. i was guna say that i dnt think u wuld av just a nite thing. but yeh i was with codie nyeaaah 
@ehmperor &quot;uh? rockwell ba kamo? we know it like the back of our hands&quot; nyehehe...that or lets just ask dantes. 
@KICKFLIPTHIS well dude thats good yo you know? somehow i know this is all gonna work out for the best for you 
@taylorswift13 haha i just read it, and im still laughing just imagining that  are u gonna tour aus? please do!
just finished at the gym with claw! it was The best! feels so good! gonna join up! 
its so hard for me to sleep, im gonna start working out tomorrow 
is relaxing and gonna have a nice cold beer 
@peacelovetylr Can i just say i'm gonna try and be celibate too fuck dick... 
yeahh cuzzz mann you know to much spanish dawg andIneedhelp! hahaha...help negro on test  ha
i actually got abt 1 hr! so...good!  @SiaLikeWhoa@jen_fontaine so how'd the relaxing work out for ya?
gonna read my new book while listening to relaxing music 
Holy fuck anberlin and tai I think I'm gonna cry talk about fucking amazing show 
blogtv makes my eyes so tired! going to bed earlyy, i have a feeling im gonna wake up to hysteria on my video lol :X ah well. nighnight!! 
gonna re-do my nails, i think!  x
my eyes hurt. gonna lay down. tomorrow i should go get piercings 
probly bout call it a night.. gonna lay n my bed n talk 2 my sweet talkin buddy  @TheLDP b a gd boy now lol
that was fun  gonna put up my megamix for download now.
jus made plans for tonite. looks like its gonna be a short nite out 
@juless hahaha! jus now I went da bian I also used my phone to watch. lol 
@ROXEDUHHH ok i feel bad now so im gonna replyy hii ur entertaining meee  lolol
@JonasLover_01 idk, i dont have plans lol. im gonna call alex now n see what he wants to do 
wey party tonight after work..  gonna be lots of fun! I hope.. ;P
@jun6lee nah nah..dont worry..even if u eat penguins I wont kill u!!! no judgements passed no explanations demanded!!! 
@RobKardashian same here! sooo bored, tired...but not sleepy! kinda sucks lol gonna watch some south park 
@WETTKISSES u bogus! how u gon club witout me! lol j/p heyy mamaz 
was at ka bet's. now going to seria 
gonna say bye for a bit, tweet you all later peeps.   
@MollieOfficial lmao  glasgow is gonna be so good! only 4 days to wait!!
