Most common words for this cluster:
[('na', 1570), ('gon', 1030), ('day', 547), ('tomorrow', 262), ('today', 237), ('night', 121), ('week', 109), ('miss', 104), ('morning', 91), ('days', 84), ('weekend', 84), ('work', 83)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'na', 0.6899862885475159), (u'cyaan', 0.6898623108863831), (u'imma', 0.672532856464386), (u'gon', 0.6718067526817322), (u'ya', 0.6516553163528442), (u'Ding_dang', 0.6495762467384338), (u'haffi', 0.6432167291641235), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6413639783859253), (u'mi_neva', 0.6387597322463989), (u'wid_di', 0.6386760473251343)]





I'm gonna get up late tomorrow and it's 132am here. I gonna get tipsy by my lonesome. That's...that's just sad 
gonna try to get some sleep in this hotel room 
madre is grinding on me this is gonna be a long week 
gonna hit the sack. massive day of uni 
@alchops - and its gonna get worse. days are getting shorter and shorter.. 
gonna be a hard day... not sure about this exam 
i don't think it's gonna be a good day 
just woke up. It's gonna be a perfectly shitty day 
last day at work  im gonna miss it
Its gonna be a boring week cause everyone's on vacation 
gonna buy some books. tmrw is my bday and its snowing today. 
getting ready for bed. its gonna be an interesting night... 
Off to work I don't think its gonna be a good night 
I can already tell today is gonna be a bad day. 
not gonna get 8 hours sleep.  ITS 12:08am
i wanna go to park ave, i never get to participate in record store day. 
At ''school'' gonna be a long ass day 
studying for finals  good ol' stock valuation.. options &amp; futures.. and duration management... its gonna be a long day!
regulatin high school byrdz n delinquentz is not how i wanna spend dis beautiful day... 6.5 more hours 
I don't wanna work for 13 hours tonight 
has to work an overnight shift and has no idea how I 'm  gonna manage. 
at work. seems like it's gonna be a busy night 
awesomee nite yesterday tho todays not gonna be the same.....home alone 
had a good day... gonna be doing work tomorrow 
I had the most random day of fun. I can't believe its over already. Now I can't wait for tomorrow except its gonna rain...booooo 
Has nothing to do all day, gonna be a long one....   
Not feeling very well at all - think I'm gonna be spending a day in bed... 
@MariaCatanzaro if ur home wednesday, ill come, or this weekend, dude i really dont wanna go back to school tomorrow, 
temp = 42 deg c, expected to hit 46 on wednesday, around 50 by the end of may  i'm gonna have a horrible time here
@rcf89 we won??!!! yay it's been a while! gonna post some pictures now (didn't have internet while watching the race  )
woke up early today...dont wanna go to school tomorrow... 
eugh, school tomorrow!!! gonna miss the holidays 
wowww i'm bored. :') got maassive bbq around my house today, its gonna be manic 
@jaalz No worries. Just send me positive thoughts and wish me well. It's gonna be a rough week again 
Totally got shitted out of the good seat in the van. Its gonna be a long 8 hours.  oh well
@shaktigurl when you gonna send me some sun dammit, raining 2 days now 
amazingly fun night...I miss nights like that. now back to reality and lots of work. probably gonna be in the lib most of the day 
Really bent, just ate breakfast, gonna go back to sleep probably. cute boys come over and cuddlee 
maybe going to the french quarter fest today....but it looks like its gonna rain 
me and my hunny are gonna be fixing my car all day it looks like 
@crackberrywhore When are you off this week? i so wanted to go to the beach on mon since its gonna be nice weather but i work 
last day with my favourite uncle  gonna close up this bike deal TODAY
gonna be busy all day with papers 
@VoiceofCritics ok. gonna have to send it tomorrow. my comp went dead 
Ugh we have 3 hours an 40 min til we have to be at church...its gonna be a long afternoon 
really needs to get some shut-eye for tomorrow, it's gonna be a busy day  http://tinyurl.com/dhrarv
gonna put daisy to bed. last one of the weekend  x
Off to bed. Its gonna be a hectic day tomorrow 
This is gonna be a long sleepless night! 
I'm going to school in a minute.... It's gonna be a long day 
back home for once..in the last what 3 days..haha..gonna sleep and go to class on 420  but maybe ill hit some people up. *shrug*
gonna be sooo tired in the morning   i'm craycray
It's gonna be a loooooong day in the office if the weather is as good as yesterday 
french revision is eating me alive people  it's not good...i wanna play football like a lad should on a sunny day :@
says two days na akong may headache.  :'-(   http://plurk.com/p/p5e0o
@_ynnie36 good morning... happy holiday... the last place i wanna be is working, too 
sitting in 1st hour , this is gonna be a longgg day 
gonna go walk the dog, can't believe its school tomorow 
@tommcfly maby some day you will come to make show in israel ?  i sure you gonna enjoy in here to ! 
...Today is gonna be a longgg day  and I'm missing him most terribly 
aahhh i can just tell this day is gonna draaaaggggg oooonnnnn.... 
this week's not gonna be fun...esp starting it with rainy days 
@1Caliboy im so sad that you have duty tomorrow baby.. what am i gonna do all day..  your wifey is gonna miss you love!!!
@SirMikeyB yea  and i'm just now realizing how addicting skype is. i miss everyone and its only been one day. i'm gonna die.
You guys left lynns!   I wanna have fun day tomorrow... @v_simmons
So sleepy! It's gonna be a long day today aswell  oh well nearly the weekend 
unfortunately work rears it's ugly head again. looks like today is gonna be a mostly offline day 
woke up. listening to the radio... and I feel sick... I'm gonna spend the day in bed 
allergies are playing up, gonna have to take some more piriton, no college for me today then 
got such a busy week ahead of me  blahhh, this is gonna be fun :|
i stay up way too late. gonna pay for it tomorrow. 
Going to work sicker than a dog, then walking home from work. It's gonna be a great day. 
finnaly friday ! sucks i gotta work all weekend  but its all good bc its gonna rain all weekend so its what evr at home now chillin
lol i have some dick sucking to do if i wanna go tomorrow night 
Ouch my throat is crying right now! I'm gonna have no voice tomorrow! 
Is awake and out and about, but its gonna be a stuggle 2day 
its gonna be a sad summer here 
@andyandpals dammit I wanna come  I have to work at 8 tomorrow. 
Its 6:30am &amp; I'm getting ready for work! This is gonna be a long friggin day! 
You know your bored and up to early when you stare at you ceiling fan packing today.  gonna take forever!!
@VeeChiongbian haha! life isnt treating me well.  kapoi na kaayu waking up in the morning..hahahaha!
is at work...gonna be a long day,too much work pending 
@mrsmetaphor I hear it's gonna do this all day. 
I feel like a regular shower isnt gonna cut it...maybe i'll wash my hair too...i was entirely too gone last night 
@FernandaDePaula dont know too. its sad      well, its gonna be a boring day...
Something was wrong with the new motor, not gonna make the points meet tonight 
...really hoping I get to see my nephew play baseball today.  It's gonna be hard if I get carted off to jail...  
 this paper is gonna mak me suicidle before the day is out
gotta go camping today...its gonna rain 
i'm gonna go to barnes and noble this evening, as usual. except this time i'm broke so i can't buy myself some tay magazines. 
sadly not gonna get to see my sweetpea this weekend. 
@JoeysAngel thanks hun..i walk to work so do 3 miles walking a day, then gonna add the jogging cos the walking isnt workin for me!  grrr
*sigh* i have concert blues now after few hours i wanna go back and do it again 
@NSozio I am still awake..8 am!..i think im gonna have alot of troubling waking up later today. I hate not being able to sleep 
Today is jus gonna be a bad day, i can feel it...jus take a look at this miserable weather 
YESS!! done with exams...but when is summer vacay gonna come? 
up ad ready for church, gotta start packing today... really starting to think about how much i'm gonna miss ethan this summer. 
journey's backyard bbq yesterday was so much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now im gonna write a paper! ahhh 
ahh..lunck  and than...exclusion!!! i don't wanna work all day long!!! 
im outside of my door... without key.. its gonna be a long long day.. 
wanna go to the surf...its a great way to start the day but.....cant.  i really wanna practice on my board.
goodnight, there is gonna be a bad day tomorrow, because of kids in my class 
I feel like I look like a guy today...blah...I really, really don't wanna go to school tomorrow, it's gonna be sooo awkward 
this weeks gonna be sooo busy. 
school 2moro  i think im gonna cry. this was the shortest weekend in the world
Today is gonna give me bad dreams.  
I feel reeeeeeeeeallly lazy... all of this is gonna pile up on me tomorrow. I just know it 
@trishutup you call me! i dont wanna interrupt the last night with nilla 
So I guess instead it's gonna be full working day, grocery shopping and school work. Mmmhh... 
So tired but I can't sleep  gonna need coffee tomorrow
gonna be at school today.. ughh! 
Doesn't wanna go back tomorrow 
I don't wanna go to schoool  four more weeks
And so the day begins...i already broke my car key...its gonna be a long and unhappy day  wish me luck
Today is gonna be a booer day. 
@keza34  dont wanna go shopping cuz people go mad on bank holidays soo i guess im in 4 the day and no bbq  might do fish papiot for lunch
@fmlim i'm dreading it. it's gonna take up the rest of my summer 
@sshreyas but it's been a looong day  i am too tired. tonight is heroes though on tv. so something to look forward to. sad life i have na?
@blueeyedbanshee I can't *cries* hubby's still at work &amp; he's gotta go in early 2moro 4 mother's day so we're staying in 2nite 
I don't wanna wake up early tomorrow   Two days are needed to me to sleep all the sleepiness that I got.
1:30. meant to do math homework. i give up. i ain't gonna do it  too busy day dreaming.
agh! tomorrow is my last day of &quot;vacations&quot; i really dont wanna go to school! 
And if my time on earth were through.. And he must face this world without me  is the love i gave him in the past, gonna b enough to last?
for stupid church in the morning. dammit.  andnow its gonna take me another like, 2 or 3 hours to fall asleep. GREATTT.
I feel like this mothers day is gonna be a bad one  my husband just picked a fight with me 
I am so tired.  it's gonna be a long night of sleeping on the couch and not talking to my boy before bed like usual.  
stove not working again! if it not working in an hour im gonna have to buy dinner .. just like i had to buy lunch 
Another beautiful day and im gonna be stuck at work until 10pm 
gonna be a harddd week  cant wait for it to be over.
@tomomixprophet ????????????????i wanna see you all! tomorrow! so bad! 
i should probably go to bed. but i dont wanna  i wanna have an all nighter but then i wont be able to have the day off tomorrow 
gonna head to warm bed...early morning  oo and the freezing morning to help me get up! (sarcasim--&gt;just in case)
no five stones today  checking people into myers all day... it's gonna be great!!
Ugh, why didn't I take off from work today?!  It's gonna be hell on earth!  
gonna sleep now la. tmr school.  no off-in-lieu for sat's vesak day. not fair. tmr programming. deal with codes again. haiyah.
goin to sleep..sis is off to the uk tomorrow..one month of loneliness 
This is what I wanna do today  http://twitpic.com/4x952 right in my courtyard! I'm in some kinda mood 
no time to study for finals....def gonna fail it all! 
hummmmmm i thought this was gonna be my lucky day.... 
emceed a debut last night, it turned out well, but i now feel very old! gonna head back to sf in a few. yay 5 hours of driving 
@ThaQuintessence oh it's gonna happen I move at the end of this month 
tomorrow it's gonna be a day mmm.... a little a don't know 
Intresting day, I wanna go to the cup now  ugh
this math homework is extremely complex   its gonna be a long night
@usaflove08 hey.. i am sooo sleepy. I hate Mondays!  wanna sleep more.. how's weekend?
gonna watch some shoes...then bed; bringing my dad to the airport tomorrow .. sad day 
I so do not wanna go to skool tomorrow  the senioritis is kicking in but I must go cause I havent been there for a week.
@mgrandbois watching now, hoping it's gonna be good. I always hate when this show ends for the season 
Has to get his warts frozen again today  gonna need over 9000 nurofen
@dq9 Last &quot;bacon wednesday&quot; of the year for me tomorrow...it's gonna be a sad, sad day  lol
@yimmmy jimmayyyy!!! i think lakers gonna take it all the way this year mang 
I'm so tired I can't fall asleep...I hate that!  It's gonna be another looooong night 
@ashwinn gonna be on the road that day 
urgh..rain  ... gonna struggle through today lolol... 1 day to the weekendd -smilesss
today's gonna be a looong day 
@ibymbybmyl I know!  I'm waiting for news about it - but it should be done by next week. It's gonna be worth the wait though ;)
Its gonna be a lonnnng day at work tomorrow! 
failed to make the play last night  and all i want to do right now is sleep. gonna have it out with our building manager today. frick.
I've only been at work for an hour and I'm ready to go home. This is gonna be a loonng day 
its gonna be a loonngg day!!!! ugh 
its raining outside... I so wish I was at home right now... I still feel like crap and yes this is gonna be a slow day 
it's raining and i just wanna sleep ALL day, but i can't, cause i gots a job. 
@laishalee man sis I don't know if I'm gonna make it to ur b day   what r u planning on doing for the big 2-1?
it's gonna be one of the saddest day in my life. &lt;/3 
Who the hell am i gonna ring scottish folk songs with next year? 
off to the beach! haha gonna miss this weekend. hopefully something like that will happen again.  )) update soon in the beach if i can
sunburn from WOUstock  i think tonight's gonna be an early night to bed
it's gonna be a really nice day and i'll sleep him away... 
I'm gonna have a really long night! sleeping on a chair... 
ZzzZzz im gonna go hit the hay i have 2 wake up early tmmrw!  night every1!!!!!
Going hiking tommorow..gonna try to get some sleep...I doubt i will though..i never do 
 I don't think my dog is gonna make it past the night 
I don't wanna work tomorrow morning!  so depressing...I just wanna sleep innn!
It's gonna be a rainy day again  I'll just stay inside with a good book than...
@Rominha28 what are you gonna do? We have to go see loads of family ...gonna be a long day  I wanna be with friends
feels abit ill today  and the weather is rubbish, gonna be a lonnnng day
omg, no. gonna have to eat by myself all this week... i hate eating by myself 
Packing then waking up at 5 in the morning to get to boston... I don't even wanna think of having to leave maui again  I already miss her.
It's gonna take another 30-40 minutes to install/download myst. 
not feeling to well today. I think I got the kids' crud But gonna make the best of it. Then later going to a funeral! 
gonna turn off my computer... and prepare for test... 
TOTALLY thinking today is a sweats/t-shirt kinda day... *sigh* ne'er gonna happen, though 
Working at the toy store...gonna be a long day 
well today is gonna suck, working 2 till 10:30 thn have to be awake by 7 am the next day 
@rajskub Not only dig the show - already going through withdrawls and the finale hasn't even aired! It's gonna be a rough summer 
stuck at work on a nice day  gonna sneak out later ;p
I've just woken up w/a huge headache. gonna  be one of those days 
Omggg! the awards have been going on for everrr. this is a longg day. it ends at 11 tonight  im gonna be crabby tomm.
@JackAllTimeLow fuck you I wanna go.  I can't leave for another two hours.
At work..I can already tell how exciting my night is gonna be 
Still awake (obviously) studying pa rin. I think I'll sleep monday evening na lang  busy day ahead ...
haircut... not happy... gonna have to go back tomorrow 
@domflowers speaking of practice, ka emy's here today  &amp; you guys are practicing spanish with us muaahha. ima fall asleep.
Wow I'm actually sad I'm moving out in 2 days  its gonna be wierd not livng there anymore
gonna go to the beach tomorrow... hope it's a sunny day.. i need tan lines! they have disappeared! 
mmmm this week is gonna be shit.. 
work is gonna suck today... 
I think im gonna stay home today, i feel awful! 
just saw her friend brad off...  He is leaving for the Marines tomorrow!! see ya in 2 months buddy! love ya!
going home in less than an hour,don't wanna go 
its dark out.  like its gonna rain. :O i wont be able to swim today.
I'm gonna need the whole week to recover from this one... 
i think im gonna try to have a few hours sleep then wake up at 12! then bank and get on with stuff boo 
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
ouch  my back hurts from sitting so long. thesis refuses to do itself. sigh. this is gonna be a long night.
only 5 days of work left until my hol.  why do I have 5 weeks of stuff to get through first? looks like its gonna be 5 long days. 
@deabarnes dad didn't let me 'cause the nxt day I hv physics test  I friggin wanna watch it huhuhu
5 : 19 and i'm counting!wanna leave this place..today was flat. i'd rather be stay @ home !useless day! 
I'm leaving the day after tomorrow na 
ew it's gonna be a craptacular day 
at the rate the 2nd ave subway is moving; this is gonna be one noisy summer...jackhammers all morning.. 
had a rough weekend.. and is super tired and doesnt wanna go to work today..    http://www.myspace.com/sillychristie
My throat is sore this morning   I wanna go back to bed.
Just doing all the washing and tidying the entire house again! It's gonna be a long day 
Really don't wanna work this morning 
free dress today. but i don't wanna be at school. i'm due for at least a three day weekend... and im feeling like bella in new moon. 
Getting ready for work... gonna be 107 today.  
homeeeeeeee, i NEED to pack but i cbf. i dont wanna go now  melissa-im gunna text ya all the time. 5 hour train journey tomorrow xx
is gonna get through this day by day. like grandma said -you`re gonna have a million heartbreaks before you find that special one. 
@varcoleman heck yea man...i wanna go back home...it's going to be raining all day 
Ugh my nose is all stuffed and my throat hurts  and I have a lot of studying to do...today is gonna be a long day.
It's gonna be a long day at work    
@joeysikes meh.. We didn't have time to get to me. So im gonna go first thing tuesday.  But stretching is really nice. &lt;3
I'm so tired  I'm literally passing out! We gonna have to celebrate tomorrow
missing summer from last year. It's gonna be hard topping chicago summer with urbana. 
It's gonna be a loooong summer 
starting the day needing a giant bucket of coffee, it's gonna be good 
I have so much to do tomorrow that I don't wanna do. 
Rubbish, I'm not off today like the rest of the world seems to be  It's gonna be a long day!!
This summer is gonna go by so fast, I feel it in my bones. I want it to slow down.  
i can hear birds chirping outside, but i cant fall asleep  driving downtheshore w @melblanco early afternoon. gonna need a mocha rockstar.
Sedih  today is our last meeting at social two.and gonna miss you like hell.I love you guys ?thx for being my good friends!thankieeess ...
@mtrh better..gonna attempt a day of work.  
3am page last night - never really got back to sleep.  It's gonna be a long day 
my bbq is tomorrow i'm so excited but i have a feeling it's gonna be really lame dunno why so much thing to do so much time left 
tonight is gonna to be soooo great!!  we the kings and hey monday!! &lt;3 quite annoyed that i cant stay at rosies house after though 
gonna try to make it through work today....still not feeling too well 
Looks like im gonna have the cold for the holiday weekend 
summer term done. gonna miss the kids. 
@kathleenrachel no and i'm regretting it  it was even on trending topics aka the new watercooler last nite lol. gonna watch it online 2day
Today is the seniors' last day  i know i'm gonna cry.
This sore throat is gonna ruin my weekend.. 
Heading in to work, this is gonna be a crazy day! 3 people will be out 
year 11's at my school have officially left now, well about 1 or 2 minutes or so hah but omg jade and jayden  gonna miss them !
I feel like today is gonna be a bad day 
funeral today its gonna be a sad day 
i wanna have chocolate day too  xD
@NickyDiamonds you gonna be sore for days...thats the only thing that sucks 
Aww...the weather's not gonna be so good this weekend   I wanted to take the boys out, too :'(
Morning......tired.....gonna b a long day 
is at work until late...hoping this weekends gonna be a good one...roommate is gone until tuesday 
can't have any blood tests till thursday  wanna be better now so I can start my summer project!
I feel like its gonna be a strange week 
had a nice day/night with the girls. im gonna miss this 
i have @tracecyrus disorder. i can not sleep! i stay up all night and wanna snooze all day  grrr
good night ya'll. gotta be up in 4 hours. 
uploading photo... gonna be a long night 
Putting pants on tomorrow is gonna hurt really bad... 
gonna go start revising for a science test tomorrow  it's nearly 11pm. lovely.
don't wanna go teach today.. i just wanna stay home finish up my gossip girl season 2 
@mosapp MAN I wasn't gonna make that 830  so I turned around.... come tomorrow!
so im gonna go &amp; do my safe driving course online right now. i need to get it down before tomorrow morning  
i wanna go to prom one day 
Looks like it's gonna be a nice day today - shame I have to work 
i think it's gonna be a bored working day  it rains, it's cold, .... i need something fresh!
gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn't have to grow up!
@markbuchholz the non-Europers managed to dump the sun here! its gonna be a hot time now! 
@SamGrierson awwww....    , ah well at least I can sober up for a week or 2 and possibly get to the gym.....u gonna make music live? xx
It started out so lovely this morning, now looks like it's gonna chuck it down 
Finally gonna try and fall asleep goodnight.. More like morn... I sleeP 
Ugh, I feel like shit-- gonna call out of my classes today  hope it doesnt affect my grade
Is off to meet my folks after a while...gonna b a working weekend too 
i'm worried because something bad happened today and i don't know what's gonna happen next. 
is back home now      gonna miss every one
i could tell its gonna be an angry day... 
@30SECONDSTOMARS ohoh i missed all ur tweets  im gonna have to stay awake all night to see the announcement now, damn time difference
i don't wanna work over the weekend 
Urghh, I'm gonna do my project now  don't wanna waste valuable weekend time
I was gonna get off at 230 2day. Just found out I'm stayin til 630 
It's gonna be a super long day 
doesn't wanna get dressed up and be an adult today. 
i wanna see 'up' tonight, but no one will go with me. whhhyyy 
sitting at home doing nothing. gonna be like this all weekend 
@RetroRewind ive totally 4got the donation link  gonna double my donation this week ;) x
the classes with my students are over  gonna miss them...
I wanna go shopping!! I don't get paid till next week!! 
@smiley92 u have a lot  but the bad thing is we r gonna have finals all next week 
@apunbindaas ......when I find chays keys  im gonna clean my room up tomorrow. They'll pop up
sweaty and tired from the 6 lap run.  gonna do sun run next year no matter what.
going 2 bed.  its gonna be a looong day tomorrow with the sun shining and i'll be inside working like a (hot)dog! (who makes sandwiches) 
waiting for sleeping pills to kick in... gonna be so tired at work tomorrow 
Awww my baby is gonna be 9 tomorrow 
Peeling a bag of garlic now im gonna stink for like a week  they lucky i love them lol
fxck. why would everything n all plans just all of a sudden wanna go wrong a week before party. UGHH. omg. 
party tomorrow  last day of dance I'm gonna miss shannon and livie    
@Silbena I wanna be working this weekend! 
had a really good night in @totallywiredm,love 2 pull the randoms lol!bed time now,gonna feel rough in the morning 
my saturday is gone  i slept until 11.33 haha.... Now my weekend is gonna be gone, but i needed sleep  i'm still tired though 
cab's gonna be here to take me to the airport at 9am.  potential plans for waking up early - none 
i don't wanna go to sleep but i have to wake up early tomorrow  mmmmm one hour more ...lala
Feeling rather insecure about tomorrow. I have a bad feeling no one's gonna show. 
Off to bed soon..spent the day with mi madre and made dinner for my baby. I can feel the winds of change a'commin... 
phew!! long day     I'M TIRED... ni nite
i dont wanna unpack OR wake up early tomorrow 
gotta sleep waking up 4 in da morning  night ya.peace!
Leaves for florida tomorrow! but will be down there for 3 weeks  im gonna miss all my friends!
i wanna do something besdies chatting on my ym.. ... boring day... 
I wanna go out tonight... but I have to work early tomorrow... 
Heading to bed... don't wanna get up early tomorrow... 
gonna sleep on this day. gotta get new contacts tommorow. no insurance. 
i'm gonna finish this today. @jiniusatwork i got yr sms.financial constraint. 
Just woke up and i feel sick  it's gonna be a bad week.
Finally headed home to hit the sack...yay 8am is gonna come way 2 early 
It's gonna be a hot summer, I guarantee this. 
oooooo i really wanna be out in the sun  that shed is soooo hot &amp; iv never known someone to drink so much coffee - 4 in an hour :O
hangover again that now happened for 8 days  not even funny i really feel i may die, gonna have a little sleep then its sunshine time
man today is gonna be a crazy day  im beyond tired
is preparing to spend a very long time isolated far far away... And i'm gonna hold the candle 
totally bored, my teacher coming to my house in about 3 hours  cant be bothered with school today. gonna upload how I lost everything now.
@shennn buti pa sya  what would happen if i spend a day with him? (day ha, hindi night).
about 2 days is @katyperry coming to holland, to a festival; pinkpop. goddamnit, i wanna go  but it's fucking far and too expensive
camdenton tonight. joplin tomorrow. @egibson09 's last two shows. I'm soo gonna cry. 
camdenton tonight. joplin tomorrow. @egibson091 's last two shows. I'm soo gonna cry. 
ahh i wanna see green day in concert 
hungoverrrr. it's gonna be a long day at work 
@Sweetashoneey chilling, its a beautiful day out there today! gonna go enjoy it somehow, after laundry 
@bowwow614 shittt I really dont wanna miss u 2day  ughhhhh....u ready 4 ny tho? u gonna miss me n ur street team? we cant make it 
Its gonna snow in the morning  i wish i could be somewhere sunny..
Bad morning, I don't wanna wake up 
Today is gonna be a sad day for me  no way to prepare for that.....
Cleaning the house and hungover then work at 4...not gonna be such a good day 
@jumpman85 maybe not work is gonna get me again like it did last night 
I wanna go to vegas today but no one wants to go with me 
Bad day not to look at the forcast before dressed. It's gonna be 80 and I'm wearing long sleeves 
ugh. today is gonna be full of regretful-like things. i can see it now 
I tried to hold it in last night. But it was so late and mommy was sleeping so soundly.I didn't wanna wake her, so i had an accident. 
just finished making my lunch, gonna shower up and head to work. 
On my way to butter, I feel like a ba zhang  die die must start exercising next week (
really don't wanna go out tonight for meggie's birthday  its nothing personal to her or the group - i just wanna stay in tonight :/
Today is gonna be a long day...and not in a good way 
  cars being inspected today gonna cost me over 600 dollars 
Last day in vegas  I don't wanna go home tomorrow.
I'm tired.  it's gonna be a long day filled with dbl espresso's
i hate this  i'm just gonna be emo all day
has nothing planed for today!!! which means that hes gonna be board 
@Mattc0m you gonna be on tomorrow or what friend? I miss you 
It's gonna be a 30 hour day today. 
this is gonna be a lonely summer 
i've only got 5 days left to figure out how im gonna do it 
this is totes what my kids gonna look like one day. http://bit.ly/spo9y  idw do dishes 
it's so cold  i'm gonna stay in bed ALL day
is so not wanting to go to work... and wanna know whats going on tonight  it sucks i have to work in the morning as well 
OME got work tomorrow 10-6 don't want to do it  just got to best part of my twilight fan fict gonna be awesome!
@missxsarah im totally gonna see #up tonight too! i cant wait. it was sold out last night 
i dont wanna go home  but the bags are packed &amp; now i should go to sleep cos we have an early flight in the morning. gonna miss this place
definitely gonna have to start leg shaving for summer soon 
i cant find the shorts i wanna wear tomorrow! noooooo 
5 Weeks  and it's gonna be the end ...
my neighbours wanna keep their bloody voices down like! they're so loud! is there any need to shout at 1 in the morning? 
is back from the party, whew! gonna go to bed early, may have to work tomorrow 
Up was sold out  gonna have to go tomorrow
is not ready for tomorrow  it's gonna be sad.
we r gonna fight this summer. lolIowe u like 2yrs worth of punches since u left 
Urg. I smell like a campfire now. I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
it's a blah day today. cloudy and cool.  gonna play lazy and do as little as possible.
@stormingorman &quot;blackbird&quot; has been your ringtone since like the first week of school last year. im gonna miss my big 
i wanna go to the fontana days parade 
I think it's gonna be hot today. 
going to london aquarium today! gonna be so hot... 
It's gonna be even hotter today but I've got to be at work at 2...and those wards get soooo hot! 
I wanna go to the beach tomorrow, I wish I had a car 
@HOTTVampChick he is def. gonna regret that comment in teh morning 
gonna have to be another beach day! 5 hours of on/off sleep due to music next door. dont think today will be as good as yesterday 
I still hurt a little from that spill, am probably gonna really feel it in the morning.  It's been an all around crappy day. 
Maaan, the water in the house is gonna be freaking freezing this morning. 
2:30 i dont wanna go to bed cuz then i wake up and school is next day  i only have mon, tues, and half of wed. left then summerrr yay
daymeee don't wanna work today whilst it's nice &amp;sunny 
morning sore throat blahhh  not so good... wanna go out to beach, but really cba .. got exam tomorrow + not feeling too well anyways tweet
I can't sleep  . agh its gonna be a long and boring day.
I wonder when is this rain gonna stop? is there a low pressure somewhere?  
i am definetely going to be a wreck this friday night. i'm gonna miss it soo much   but.. next year, of course. goin' back ta b-wat 
gonna go to school tomorrow. feel a little  , cause it'll a be a boring day.
lying in the sun, studying english. . .curses on this week, its gonna be bad 
gonna try and get some sleep before i gotta head off to work. another long work week  ...can't wait til friday! karaoke and gyukaku 
@jimmysmithtrain wats d time der?? its morning?? lol its gonna be 6:30 pm here.. sundayz gonna b over 
This week is gonna be rough...the folks are going on a cruise for a week...what am I gonna do not being able to talk to my mom 
3 pages done, still 13 to go ... yeaaaah! It's gonna be a long day and nite for me 
sitting on the couch. gonna work today. missing the beautiful weather 
about to go to church then work a double header...its gonna be a long day! i miss my wesley 
My aunt passed away about a week ago  gonna go visit the family soon.
@rairaiaday looking for something 2 dooo 2day  i think its gonna be a boring dayyy 
Hoootttt and cranky  got up wayy 2 early this mornin I'm gonna need an afternoon nap soon
Rme exam tomorrow, gonna suck being stuck in a hall for 2 hours when i could be in the sun  better revise some more
work -10 hrs so far in 2 days i've been working, gonna be skint the week those wages go in 
@Joely_ oh  gonna be hard to sleep tonight
amazing day. gonna be depressed tomorrow though 
I can't stop eating but I wanna just like starve for the next week, ahahah. 
I don't wanna get ready for the week 
@Shelovescookies i have problems with the time difference too  but i'm def gonna watch it!
I wanna get back to the old days  I miss you
Today is gonna be long and tiring  i hate projects!
it's gonna be a loooooooooooooong wait till next thursday. 
It's been a wonderful 24 hrs with the family...gonna be extra hard to drive back after a weekend like this 
gonna do pancakes to brian! our last day together  im already crying
@MarijuanaTunes I wanna go to to E3, too. But, mid-week? 
@jools_dk aw longest 4 days ever 4 u then. im gonna be checking youtube 4 anything -and everything- tomorrow.that will have to do 
@KikoNightmare your phone's never gonna learn it  I had a pearl for a year, tried to teach it and never could make it the first t9 choice
gonna watch night at the museam .... got 2 wake up 4 skool 2moz 7 am yay me 
@pcdmelodyt. i really wanna watch pcd concert in jakarta. i wish i could go home tomorrow 
@tommcfly are u leaving to porto alegre today? :/ awn, i'm gonna miss this mcfly chaos in here 
Ugh I go home tomorrow! I don't wanna!!!! 
@RobKardashian hey rob i have to clean  what r u gonna do today?
@busch18baby Awww its just gonna be one of those days for you aint it.. 
colapse! x) ps: i wanna cloudy days!!!!!  lol
ahhh my head is about to explode!! gonna take a 1-hour break now. 7 hours of revision is too much! and i still haven't finished unit 2! 
its @dougiemcfly month starting tomorrow  gonna miss @Dannymcfly 
@gretchellsuarez it@ls my job to get on your nerves, I'm not gonna have anymore chances after wednesday 
Ugh, I'm just gonna tool around and be sad all day 
 gonna go home for summer I think, maybe longer.
Graduation today @ 5  its gonna be so weird to say goodbye to all the people that are leaving.
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow cos it means I'll miss beautiful weather 
I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow   gotta wait til july 27th for my next week off booooooooo!
Holy crap. I just realized that i'm gonna be around a bunch of southern baptists for 9 days. Without @ddud3. 
Its weekends like this one that I wish I was still a student...I don't wanna go wrk 2morrow if the weather is good 
wonders.. it's gonna be a long long night.. 
watchin lean on me. such a good movie. bored and probably gonna go chill with friends soon. finals next week  at least schools almost over
not ready for my weekend to end! Kids last week of school.... wow gonna have a 4th grader, sophmore &amp; yes, a senior 
@madeofhoney1 just for a day  ur gonna make me cry :'( i love you 
is missing his sweet wife... gonna be a lonely week!!  
done studying, waiting for the last episode of the hills with @laurenconrad .... gonna be a sad moment to see her last episode 
gonna meet up with the bestie tonight then home to watch the hills finale 
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
So psyched for E3 tomorrow. Its gonna be epic.  Wish I could be there 
babe left an hour ago  i wanna sleep for 2 weeks  
looking at my old year book is so saddening   gonna miss my school so much  only a month till its over! (yn) http://tinyurl.com/n39l9j
@saimin: o NO it ain't it can't die this summer is gonna off the chain 
 not feeling so hot........gonna take some medicine and head to bed...good night twitters!!!
this week is gonna go slowwww 
doesn't wanna go to work tomorrow 
sixteen days oh my, its gonna take forever  i need to have my lvtt
morning!... I wanna go to bed 
@johngrrr eeeee i miss you  and i need your help this week. If you still wanna come over
just got ready the weathers lovely and im gonna be sat inside all day doing exams 
still awake... i'm so gonna pay for this tomorrow. 
downloading game. i haven't expected that it's gonna take a long long time 
downloading game. i haven't expected that it's gonna take a long long time 
downloading game. i have never expected that it's gonna take a long long time 
Ughhh I hate having school the day after a show. I don't wanna go to bed and I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow 
UGH, I swear im gonna break this piece of fuck my the end of tomorrow. I lost my G7  %&amp;*(%$#$%^
@AlejandraDuhh are you serious? dang it im not gonna be home all day friday 
Its anova lovely day outside n am gonna b stuck in college till 1 boooooo wish i didn't need to go in  xx
just chillin in bed, gonna finish ipt assessment today... i hope 
Another lovely day, got to get the washing done so hubby has clothes to take away with him tomorrow  what are me and the kid gonna do!!!
is in the 1st lecture of the day i wanna be ouutside 
WOW!!! I didn't realize I posted that so long ago.... it's been a long night. It's gonna be a long day tomorrow working on 3 hrs sleep. 
We just got home  gonna take a 1.5hr nap b4 starting the day- yikes!
Not looking foward to class today... im probably gonna fall asleep since I barely got any sleep last night! 
working 7-4 on 2.5 hours of sleep. this is gonna suck 
@TomFelton my day is gonna be very boring, work, then going home to have sleep to be able to work tomorrow... deadly boring 
really don't wanna go to work today, still tired from the zoo 
My plans for the day got cancelled  But its still gonna happen on thursday. yay.
@Benniboy22 I was just gonna mention the fuel... very sad day indeed.    #447
Off to a full day of clinic....gonna be EXHAUSTED tonight 
time for work..i definitely dont wanna deal with 4th grade today 
This is gonna be the longest/slowest week ughhhh 
this line at the dmv is from here to hell!  I know im gonna be at least 2 hours late 4 work 
@carambelle: where the hell r u?? I haven't talked to u for days!! miss you terribly.  and I'm not gonna cheat on u. love you. &lt;3
I feel so out of it. I dunno why. We got training canceled again...we're gonna be back on the phones. It's gonna be one of those days!!! 
and i wanna get back to 2008 in this very same day!  
Seriously sick and im pissed, today is a horrible day to miss  its gonna be all finals review
its gonna be a long day 
@kymiess Its gonna be so weird to live somewhere else after 4 years...its really stressful 
@PantsPartay no ma'am.  hot damn u know we're gonna end up getting together in sorrow that day...we must! but another for this
is mowing.... It's gonna be really hot today! 
awtz. just found out mom's gonna be gone for a week. 
Now conducting spring cleaning of all mailboxes.  This is gonna take forever.  
meh i don't wanna go to work today, even if its only for 6 hours. 
Guys today starts the official first day of my spending freeze this is gonna be harrrrrdddddddd  maybe that's why I woke up grumpy
@nataliexanne I don't think we're gonna stay all day  we got here at like 8am, ha!
@lostinasuprmrkt But I've felt like I was gonna throw up ever since I ate it last night. 
Ah i just wanna read all day but i gotta work soon 
@JordanKlicious ive gotta do a 260 mile round trip drive tomorrow so may go to bed early so i can be up early enough - gonna miss twitter 
It's gonna be a busy week, finishing up highschool. 
fresh out of the shower, gonna make dinner soon, then it's off to a visitation, then off to work all night 
good night all. gonna go. history exam tomorrow 
me sad only 6 days left  I'm gonna miss my buddy so much and all my senior friends I'm gonna cry
@meerii haha, good lick in 'velotrip' gonna miss u!! we can't sms whole day 
About to turn in for the night. It's gonna hit 23 degrees tomorrow! But I'm in college so no sunbathing for me  sucks like woah!
after a long day, all i wanna do is sleep, but no.. i have homework  how depressing
My poor puppies probably think I hate them  I wanna spend time with them tomorrow
When is this boring night gonna end 
@IceBlueBev your welcome. the bad news is im not 21 til august so im gonna have to wait 
half an hour. getting hot outside. oh jeeeeeeeze.. gonna be around 80 F tomorrow. fail 
this is gonna one long week. tired of today already 
@AnnetteStatus  no, i've been working on it for 3 hours, gonna finish tomorrow, I'm tired 
i would buy her album any day...too bad she doesnt wanna be famous  oh well, i get the joy of reading her songs first! 
On my way to work  it's gonna be a long night !!!
Last meeting of the quarter! I'm gonna miss my alpha chi's so much this summer! 
My legs are gonna be sore tomorrow 
i have had this headache in my eye for 2 days now   O well, tomorrow is gonna be such a good day!
horrible headache. gonna lay down for a few minutes. 
I want to stay home tomorrow and get better but like that's gonna happen  try to sleep I guess.
I wanna see tomorrow's horoscopes now! 
lunch time twitterville...  my dad's gonna leave in a few hours.
Today is gonna be a big day..Lots of paperwork 
Going to bed soon I think. I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow 
Awww, I wanna talk to him but he has projects due tomorrow. 
@esiounis This is gonna be a bad week  deadlines deadlines deadlines!
is headed to bed... I so don't wanna get up in the morning. 
It's raining outside  I'm having a bad mood 2day, I just wanna fall asleep again.
This bed feels so dang good, really gonna hate leaving it in about 8 hours.  
I don't wanna take the skytrain tomorrow 
What amI gonna cuddle now  youowe me a pet AND something to cuddle at night 
@jessesolis aww jesse. *hugs* you wanna meet up tomorrow? first day of reg. ugh 
this is gonna be a bad week  i can feel it.....
i think im gonna lay down and try to sleep.  night shifts always mess up my sleeping 
We've had glorious weather for the past 4 days &amp; it ends tonight  gonna have to dig those winter clothes out, yet again..boooooo!!
I have a feeling it's not gonna be a great day 
too lazy to move...im sure gonna miss these moments when school starts next week... 
i wish i would have known i wasnt gonna have to tak emy dad to work this morning i could have gotten in extra sleep. 
still at work.....gonna be late for birthday dinner 
it's the last day i'm having off  gonna enjoy the weather and some studying! ha ha :-P
not gonna come to school tomorrow im way to sick  i dont wanna miss study but so im gonna do the work at home
Yet another nice day and I'm stick ondoors doing washing,gonna be home alone soon as well 
ahh school. poop. its gonna be a long day, i can just tell! 
 hates taking my babies for surgery  ugh gonna be a longggg day
 i'm bored ! w/e everything is gonna b fun later in da day ! bye bye world till later
it's gonna rain today... no biking 
Today is gonna be one of those long days  damn rain
@jenlohmar i know i'm so upset  i thought it was gonna be a beach day for sure! so now im bored haha
@ilikestars I've dropped mi ne three times in the past week, and now it's just ptooey-ing. Might have to spend grad money to replace 
god, i love the weather. it's sad that it's gonna be colder tomorrow 
don't feel very well so i'm just gonna rest  today was hilarious though 
@BROOKLYNROBOT na my love, I'm not back yet but I will be there this month but not 4 long, I'm moving to fl 
so tired! gonna go finish watching the 3rd season of heroes! 
Aw im taking my cousin to the airport 2maro morning..she's gonna be gone for 7 weeks  its gonna be sad w/ out her
We're never gonna make it  What a day...
Its so effing hot, how am gonna make it thru summer 
gonna be going to bed early tonight '   worrrrrrrrrkkkkkk in the morning .. blah lol
last two days of school....   but i get to visit him over the summer!!! gonna miss d per.
i feel sick  gonna go watch a movie, maybe. big brother's graduation tomorrow @ templeuniversity !
wish my voice was back to normal - the audition tomorrow is gonna suck big time.  
It's gonna be another super stressed day today 
i'm just gonna wing it tomorrow.. my stomach hurts too bad to study 
gonna spend some quality time with the Ohioans tmrw. They leave thursday 
today's high...as of now will 76 degrees.looks like it's gonna be rainy. 
wingin my lit exam tomorrow... It's gonna be death 
@danjello I'm gonna cry.  I've already looked it up...the day b4 I asked about the eyeliner 
good night im gonna have a rough morning i see it coming 
says pahinga muna this week... super nakakapagod na... next week naman.  http://plurk.com/p/y2jip
I can't believe it's all gonna be over in a week 
getting ready for work, it's gonna b a long day. 
my daily twit. . I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
I'm so tired of not being able to sleep and throwing up all night. I just wanna know what's wrong 
and the soreness is starting to kick in!  takes me like 3 seconds to sit down =[ gonna be walking around school tmr at a 2 mph pace
IT looked like it was gonna be really sunny again today.  So I out my skirt on and now that sun has gone!  come back!!!
You know it's gonna be a bad day when you wake up with a headache 
my last day with my best friend at school! im gonna miss him! 
awake.. gonna be a long day 
too early  today and tomorrow and then im done. its gonna be the longest two days of my life
last 2 days of high school!  gonna miss it!
just came to realization that today is the last day ill ever spend with the seniors that ive looked up to my whole life. gonna miss you 
Oops, my cut-off for eating before my appt was 3am... So looks like I'm gonna be hungry all day.  
has a feeling that this is gonna be a bad day 
we are supposed to march in a parade tonight with our playgroup, weather doesn't look like its gonna cooperate 
Planning for the weekend, it's gonna be amazing!I only wish I don't forget the f*ckin sun protection.I burned last weekend 
a couple hours of intense maths studying. now im gonna take a long break and then resum studying 
gonna eat grass for the whole of this month... 
morning early birds. on the way to work on an empty stomache. its gonna be a long say 
Installs all day. This is gonna suck 
but i'm gonna miss you, shawty.  see you in two months. 
Fml its gonna be cold and raining all day 
Working during the day is for old people. I don't wanna go 
Having one of those day I just wanna give up and cry. So tired....  
just went for a good morning to a miserable one... gonna go and chill for a bit 
startin work today at 3... gonna have to listen to the game 
@DZadriana lucky...i wanna watch tv during the day 
@drtydan I KNOW! Lol. I saw the picture you posted last night of them!  I don't wanna be sick anymore!
@Aly_J i just posted my sidebar, but i don't know who it's gonna work next week... i don't think it's gonna archive 
counting down the last minutes until my shift is over....     im gonna miss this job. on to better things now.
.. gonna have a lot of junk to work off tomorrow. 
i am soo bored. i cant take these days for another 3 days.. im gonna pass out 
good night world tomorrows gonna be a tuff day 
today is gonna be a long day. 2 tests and a presentation. on a friday? c'mon...  the end of the year is supose to slow down..not speed up!
4 days and i will be 28. this is a little scary for me. 27 has been soooo good to me. i dont wanna let it go 
Its gonna be a longggg day today. 
darn it! why did i even check that stupid website, now im gonna be sad all day... freaking certification tests 
i didnt tweet the whole day! tweet. gonna retire now. working whole day tmr 
Waking up isn't gonna help, @kyandee is no morning girl 
Waking up early isn't gonna help, @kyandee is no morning girl 
benito carried me like all day HAHA im gonna miss everyone so much  but YAY for summer
I don't wanna go back to work.  oh well. Only 4 more hours.
back at school this monday  summer holidays are in 3 weeks though, its gonna be a blast!
@PopsyLadyxxx The closest shes gonna b 2 me is boston but its during a school month so i cant go 
i look so gay on mhy last twitpic. i dont wanna get up at 7 and work all day 
probably gonna have 2 order in 4 ma b-day monday  *sigh*
ugh drama!  ......tomoros gonna be a good day.......
@HisNameKEEM I don't thnk I'm going boo might have to miss it  hella stuff is going on this weekend I'm not gonna be going out all all
Last time walking on the beach after work for a while  gonna miss that!
is not looking forward to having three more showings tomorrow! i just wanna be messy 
gonna have to have yet another early night, painkillers just not cutting it anymore  wish I liked vodka
@NewzHuddle  I'm not on the comp but I'm def gonna check you out when I get home. ur day went well??
i'm a nervous wreck   maybe not gonna to be able to sleep tonight
i'm a nervous wreck  maybe i'm not gonna to be able to sleep tonight
it's gonna be long rainy night 
stupid rain. it's gonna ruin all my plans today 
new bb gonna have to wait till tomorrow 
been tryna get ahold of u all day i guess u dnt wanna see me 
home in about 13 hours  gonna miss florida!
I forgot my jacket! I'm gonna be cold the whole night. 
I am feeling so sick right now.   gonna take some liquid tylenol and call it a night. Catch all you twitterbugs 2morrow!
So excited for tomorrow!! I'm going to go to my friends graduation! It's gonna be a very sad day! 
I don't wanna deal with econ homework at all this weekend 
dave leaves tomorrow for 3 weeks im gonna miss him.... this sucks... and he took all my money 
packing... ugh... i dont wanna get up in the morning... 
damn. okay going to bed now. it's 2:15 a.m. and I have to be up at 7.  doing my hair tomorrow. it's gonna take 4ever.
Just got up, it's raining  gonna spend the whole day in the library studying  xx
I wanna sleep in tomorrow but I can't 
@just_another_1 i know  i sorries. are we still gonna get it on one day?
off 2 bed..gonna chug some bottled water n pray i dont wake up with a hangover tomorrow as I have work in the morning 
is wondering when miami is gonna revamp its night life..it just aint the same 
At work  gonna be a sick night tonight!!!
soo bored on a saturday night!  gotta wake up at 6am for The food &amp; wine show. gonna be a long day and night, soo not excited anymore.
It rained all night, now it's gonna rain all day ... 
new school year, new section. im gonna miss you guys! 
today is the day...SATs..i wish i was taking it at my school  im gonna get lost
i had a great dream last night, i didn't wanna wake up  ohh well
OK, I'm gonna try to get back to sleep again. I may be back in 10 minutes. 
still k.o from yesterday, but we're gonna celebrate a friends birthday today, so no rest for me 
says axar ns.. ndeh mkpgdecide kung kelan first day  http://plurk.com/p/ysljj
guys i will gonna be a busy girl ( tomorrow and the next next next next day i will gonna be unactive bec. of my school 
http://twitpic.com/6qktd - cleaning up my room. gonna start with folding my clothes 
finally going to bed...i'm gonna hate myself tomorrow 
was plannin to shop 2day but gonna give it a miss  !!!
It's the weekend and I wanna be asleep right now.  ):
Looooong dam night, now I'm at work feeln n lookin like a zombie!  my attitude is gonna be craaazy today)
the weathers awful  its so dark that i have 2 turn on the light in my room!!!! i bet the whole summer is gonna be like this now 
Daaammmmnnnn its gonna be a long day 
just in from my morning walk..gonna get a swim in before the rain comes.  feeling a little sorry for myself that in only had 4 hrs. sleep 
almonds at 4am. i know im gonna pay for this in the morning..  took a 4hr nap and cant sleep.. gotta be up in less than 4 hrs. booooo work
Today look like a summer day and I have to work  hope tomorrow it's gonna be better!!!!
I'm having such a good time its gonna b hard 2 go back 
I feel weird. And as sad as it is, I really miss the boards after just one day! It's gonna be a long week 
is soo gonna have a well boring weekend 
seriously sf?  it's gonna be in the 50s all week?  
So I took leah 2 my dads &amp; step moms 4 the weekend, gonna b quiet around the house 
...gonna read this weekend...and...the bird didn't survive...  
it's gonna be a hot one today. it's barely 9 and it feels like it's already 85! wish i wasn't working 'til 7 boo 
its a nice day...but all I wanna do is sleep  I need motivation
@Lezliew where are you going to be this weekend?  thats fine im gonna call my mom... r u not going to be there this weekend?  
I reallllyy don't wanna go to work, I hope I dun gotta be on the register all day,  http://myloc.me/2NZq
This day is just NOT going well!  I wanna go back to bed and start over!
I feel the need to stay at home in my pjs the whole morning...unfortunately that isnt gonna happen! 
I'm so sick. I'm just gonna stay in my room all day, so much fun 
@smacula lol, but toms not gonna be there tomorrow 
split shift today...it was sunny and warm, but now I think it's gonna rain  
i  dont feel good  ha ha lol i woke up a five this morning.
@spazzyag lame!  I was gonna see if you wanted to get lunch after church tomorrow, but I guess that's not gonna happen   Next time tho!
@Zammie255 my cookleta weekend is gonna be without alex 
@jonasbrothers youtube account is suspended  single ladies was too popular &lt;/3 what am i gonna do all day ?!
freezing.. gonna curl up &amp; take a nap, then shower, then go to bed haha. work in th morning 
im up showered and now im gonna make breakfast! then working on research paper all day!  text me.
@AubreeStorm Haha,I wanna see it too. But its gonna be just after a week in my Country.  Aww. 
@SaraMcFlyx_x the closest to me is sherwood and it's like 4 hours D: i really wanna go!! i dont think they'll tour again this year  (n)
leaving sweden tomorrow, already  going to france for 3 days i think and then home again (i hope) ;) im gonna miss u @Tezzie92 &lt;3
@magentamuffin agreed! tonight's gonna be terrible 
all i wanted to do todayy was tan, and of course it was cloudy out all day.  gonna go bowling tonighht though.
so I did get my sleep...considering I just woke up!  ugh gonna be another sleepless night.
@ktjbpa2006 lol. jonas are gonna be 10 mins away from me next week and i cant go see them 
Sleepover with gabi ushida. @mariaclarace we're gonna miss u tonight 
waiting for my daddy... but he's taking forever. forever and a day. i wanna finish my room. 
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
long good day at work, i work tomorrow...gonna miss church 
leaving for graduation. gonna miss all of them!  gonna be weird next year without them.
@martinadas Me too.  But I hear its gonna rain tomorrow 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, i don't wanna think about niley! it sucks! it screwed my day 
I'm so so tired...don't think I'm gonna make it thru the night 
sad ako eh. i'm always like this for the past three days. that's because of school. 
My brother is graduating tomorrow! Its gonna be a pretty emotional day for me. and it'll be rainy. That won't help my mood any. 
I don't wanna work tomorrow... To bad i have to. 
@nnatty I wanna have a good weekend but finally I have to work 
@alejrocha ahhh I don't wanna work everyday to play kings alllllll night!!!! 
last season of millennium, gonna be sad when it's over 
My hair is gonna smell worse than yesterday 'cause of this nightmarkeet food 
I wanna go see hangover- dang    maybe tomorrow
I'm ready for sleepin'...I just wanna forget about today! 
Walking round to work! Such a nice morning don't wanna be going in   http://twitpic.com/6t8qm
feeling sick again..... im going to bed at 12:36 am...... thats like 3 hours earlier then usual.... i wanna party 
tired I wish i didnt have to work tomorrow  i wanna go to the beach with the guys.
I just remembered school tomorrow! I don't wanna go.... waaah. 
bout to go to bed... gonna miss my little man and my baby momma who is leaving town tomorrow 
gd morning everyone and the weather still doesnt look like its gonna be nice today 
Home..ugh i dont wanna work tmrw morning! 
man i'm so amped to make music. can't wait for sunday! it's gonna be a longgggggggggg week 
some dog just jumped up at me and broke my headphones  i have a feeling today's gonna be bad day...
@xxTaSh i'm already missing you  one week without my little bitch... that's gonna be horrible...
I'm gonna say goodbye to my colorful nail polish in just a few minutes.... 
This is it peoples.. in about a hour and a half we will be leaving eva at the airport... this is gonna be a hard day 
@kalpik sorry bro, couldn't make it. Seems like its gonna be a long day at work 
@deeenis http://twitpic.com/6tnd3 - oh my.. i don't think they'll open na this month.. 
you guys are gonna hate me but I'm gonna crash soon - soooo tired, was up every hour last night and maybe again tonight, hope not 
at work today until 7, gonna have to revise for my exam tomorow after 
 this is gonna be a long and hard day. I know it
doesnt want this day to begin...its gonna be a looooooooooonnnnnggggg one 
mornin twitterans.... 2day is gonna b a long day! work til 6 
@HoneyButterNuts I don't know  Later this afternoon.... don't really want to think about it. don't wanna go back to real life!
@strangetymes i forgot i had to go to emilys grad party today. so our tru blood watching is gonna have to be pushed back  sorry
Running on an hour's worth of sleep... Definitely gonna get a major headache later 
Sitting in a field with ma and pa, I already miss my holiday and it only ended 2 hours ago 
the weather is being good 2 me lol ......2morrow its gonna rain 
@JonathanAB how was your weekend, fatty? You said you were gonna call bak, but you didn't 
6th year is gonna be soooo shit...im dreading it 
i wanna go back to the lake but we're leaving today 
So the lastminute.com techniques didn't work today, gonna miss this capital ball...damn 
I'm at church...its gonna b boring today 
tonight's the last night with my bed mattress. gonna miss it real bad!!   
vacation is finally OVER.  can't believe that school's gonna start tomorrow. 
Last day at the beach!  wanna be on vacation forever!
@RobKardashian not all ladies these days are promiscuous..and they're getting persecuted for it  but I guess it's always gonna be a game..
haaaaiiii.. a few more days and i'm gonna miss u agen..and you're not even gonna be there for my natal day. 
ugly day... but i love it, i love cold and rainy, but it seems like my humor... i wanna go to see mcfly 
@_rachaelll neither  d'ya think we're gonna have to act all adulty and mature now we're in 5th year :|
wakey!! time to go home...im gonna miss the beach. 
Man I shouldn't took the morning shift..all I wanna do is sleep now 
Last recital today, It's gonna be sad  I love everyone in this show &lt;3
sleepy (:|  dont wanna go to bed yet.. although today was a very tired day 
Ah im so jealous, im gonna be stuck inside at work all day 
@JulieeM awh yeah i know.  today they are playing all the episodes that has came on. And there is gonna be a new one coming on tonight.
Just getting up wow its gonna be a nice day today too bad i have to study 
@qlotusboy lucky bitch! i wanna go  i havent been in like a year
here sitting in my computer room...sooo bored and it's a relatively nice day out but it's gonna rain  ahhh haha
my 2 weeks holiday is over...gotta go back to college 2moro 
i got a new roommate from J &amp; K whose gonna stay for a few days. Now he's coughing in sleep. I hope he's not carrying swine flu 
So just found out I have to drive over the tobin bridge today. I think I'm gonna hurl! 
*sobs* i can't believ only 5 days left of year 11, the group is splitting up.. gonna miss you guys so much 
The revision I was meant to start at 2pm is gonna start now. Why didn't I just start before. 
#holidays are over aww gonna have to go to #school tomorrow! 
i.am.so.tired. i shouldn't have stayed up for that silly short french open finals. bluegggh. now i.am.gonna suffer the whole day 
party last night was amazing!! gonna miss my cousin 
My 9 year old is now at church camp. He kept saying...this is gonna be fun... I'll miss you. What a good boy.  
i think im gonna be n bed allll day....i'm still tired from this wkend 
At work!  ...gonna miss the game 
just got back. illness  tomorrow is gonna be such a busy day OOOOOH but at least i'll see some friends that i havent seen in a while
do not want to go to work tomorrow... i wanna go back to the beach 
just had dinner, ate too much, i'm gonna blow up. ooh, i need to take a shower. i'm so lazy. shiiiit, tomorrow is monday! 
last night with @justmandel and @mistyano till hawaii  but me and @kuhn are gonna party
@belindaaaa getaway plan who I 've already seen. I goodled their tour but it doesn't mention stealing o'neal!  I'm just gonna take th....
omg 4 days left with all my friends im gonna cry the last day of skool 
@MattWRoberts  sad thing is we ALL knew punk was gonna cash in tonight.... we could see it coming
@lukeversalko the 26th! It's gonna be a long three weeks.. 
Awaaakee tweeetss ! this is gonna be the boringist day ever ! my whole family is going to a wedding except me and my brother .  erica  ...
i really want to see the one day in pompeii exhibition at the melbourne museum but i don't wanna go by myself 
needs so many days off of workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk my boss is gonna kill me 
can't sleep even though i've been sweating my ass off all day at recital. i'm gonna miss dance to much over the summer  and my dancers!
I wanna get outta town.  two weeks
you know what day its gonna be when you start it by hitting your visapincode wrong 3 times 
Just sad cuz my aunt has cancer and she is getting worse each day i think im gonna cry 
can't even last one day...this is gonna be hard 
so screwed  what a crappy day today is gonna be ...
It's gonna be al hard day at the office. 
tossing and turning in bed..can't sleep. im gonna be dead at work tomorrow. 
lost my voice (it's been missing for over a week now) called the doc, he said to keep quiet. It's gonna be a hard few days 4 me 
I'm about to go to sleep...got class and work 2moro... Its gonna b a loooong day 
@dannnnnniiiie i saw him the day  he left. i was hecka crying. no joke. hes gonna be like gone for a year.  yupp im definetly crying now.
can't sleep  I think I'm gonna pull an all-nighter and get to bed early tonight to fix my screwed up sleeping schedule.
I had the best weekend w/the fam. I don't wanna be @ work 
Praying really hard that I feel better in the morning. I wanna be able to go out to breakfast with my bestie! 
why did i just get home drunk as fuck when i have work in under 4 hrs... 8-5 tomorrow is gonna be hell. 
today is gonna be tough, my hearts beating so fast i feel really panicy, my next counter duty is gonna be hard 
Methinks this day is gonna drag 
oh no film studies revision  gonna be a long day
Has rugby tonight...it's gonna be effin freeeeeezing 
first week of the rest of my life, man its gonna be boring 
Workk  its gonna be a long day...
Graduation practice  I'm gonna upload a new vid when I get home like noon.
Urrgggh, rain again WTF it may run up until my bday @ this rate! Its gonna be a long first day back 2 work n a longer nite in class 
going to wanakita for 4 days, then to my cottage on the weekend so happy birthday now jordan cause ima gonna miss it  peace everybody
I am surely gonna cry today 
tired &amp; hungover  gonna be such a boring day 
today is gonna be the worst day ever  so many things to do ... so little time -.-
@BillieOBrien  hope you feel better! I'm gonna try to go the eff to sleep now. Gnite/morning!
my sister is leaving for cali a week from today,  im gonna be lonely again, ..... sucks
in class  Today is gonna be a loooong day after a sleep-less night...
is sooo sick  yuck... my job is gonna be mad when i call out today
It's moving day and I don't wanna! 
today is gonna be a looong day 
feels like today is gonna be a faba funk day! 
At work today and its gonna rain  I hope I dont have alot of clients coming in......
i don't think this is gonna be an exciting day again...wish i was with tommy  i miss him...and they're having fun!
is today is gonna stink  I already miss @amandiee
another doctor's appointment...when is this whirlwind gonna end 
I hate mondays ughhh its gonna b a really long day 
What a busy day it's gonna be!  I miss my baby already!!!!!
I don't wanna work 2day   I'm tired.... where's my coffee??
Going to biology and gonna be in there for 6 hours.  wish me luck.
@Ase_ my bad about last night I was in shock about how short my hair is now!  I'm gonna make it up to u this week love!
Its gonna b a lonnng day...job hunting 
had a long day with lots of walking today. its gonna be the same tomorrow. my poor feet hurt. 
@dark_fenix - presentation done, wala namang hitch. another one next week. 
 not gonna be a good week.
gonna miss my ams. won't see him for two weeks 
today should be a good lazy day, although i have a deep underlying sensation that i'll wanna workout later. dance 3-6 &amp; then family mtg? 
had a boiling day! aghhhh! i feel like im gonna dry out! 
can't wait till tomozz gonna c my cousions afta five years nd ive got too go to skool tomozz to finish I.C.T, i have 6 lessons  nt fair x
@paulabdulfan She just keeps nagging me &amp; saying tht she doesn't wanna do what I want &amp; wants to b lazy all day!  lol
Really notes just keeps signing me out!! I can't get into a game so I'm gonna have to have wasted my day and now go babysitting 
Its gonna be a looooooooooong summer 
tomorrow is the D-day ... hmm, shit, today is gonna be a long night ... 
Looks like the weather is gonna suck all week  midsummer indoors?
It's gonna be like 95 and no rain all week. 
3 done....7 to go...this is gonna be a loooooooong night 
what if i could turn back time tonight, and you could say its gonna be alright. now these days are gone, i'll never forget it. 
Today i say good bye to my cousin.......  its gonna be hard
Cars is so cool. Awww maaaaan the storms gone  gonna have a lovely relaxed evening!
2 days off now yay but gota go hospital 2mo 
have sooo much to do for school  it's gonna be a loong night -.-
gonna miss her for two whole weeks...waaaaah! 
gotta go back to work tonight, has enjoyed her time off for the past week and is gonna miss my Morgi when she goes back tomorrow 
loooool one percocet isn't enough. goddamn I'm gonna be high the next day or two 
@winnettXD being bored. summers rele boring so far.  so is stephania comin to yer house for the week?? cause i totally wanna meet her!
@rae_flo after ur comment i checked the weather n its gon rain tomo  luckily i didnt wash my car as planned 2day
NooOooOo  , channel 04 is stuck!! this cant be happening greek series finale is today..No0o0O!! haha gonna go take a shower.
its gonna be way too difficult  , but i can put up with it , can't i ? ..... i wish i could be in kindergarten again &lt;3 good old times!!!
Why does it feel like this summer's gonna be boring??  
@verymerryhappy I'm gonna know that feeling after tomorrow 
I'm seriously not gonna get any sleep tonight. 
Last day of med school sooo excited...waitin to find out where im gonna go for extern( no pay) 
It's gonna be a looooong day 
Trying to sleep but cant  gonna be soo tired tomorrow at school i'll keep on yawning
i want to sleep early today.  gonna go now, fake sick tmrw at school, i cant help it.  &gt;&lt;
is making braclets instead of studying her lines...she is gonna hate herself in the morning 
g'nite. finals start tomorrow. im gonna dieeee  have a good night everyyyone
im exhausted. my mini-meltdown &amp; studyin all day has just mentally exhausted me. ugh. gonna be a busy stressful week 
does not like the news she got today  It's gonna be a long 2 weeks
Doesn't want to go to bed this early and def doesn't wanna go to work in the morning 
rainy tuesday.... traffic's gonna be sooooo baaaaaaadddd! 
'Bout to go to bed. So far this is gonna be the worst B-day ever... 
is gonna cry tomorrow when  he gets him exam marks ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( im such a fail at life 
don't wanna go to booty camp tonight 
another day... without my run....  it aint gonna work this way.... sigh.... jasmine tea... lol how i long for some!!
'Edwardsville' doesn't sound like 'Kingston' at all. It's gonna be a long 2 years 
 grounded for a week. I'm not gonna let them win
off to school gonna be a long day till 4 pm  i hope its not going to rain
Just woke up. It's a gloomy day...gonna lie in bed all day long 
Feeling rough this morning, and it's gonna be a difficult day too I think - no computers for a bit 
I can't sleep without my boy wrapping his arms around me.....  it's gonna b a long night (sigh)
Corporate visit at the store is gonna suck in the morning 
time for bed... gonna be a lonely night with hubby at work 
got a feeling its gonna be a long day 
I wanna go shopping next weekend but idk if i can 
I don't wanna go to boot camp in the morning 
It's gonna be tomorrow. 
rubbish day today. really wishin i hadnt extended my contract!!  wanna go have fun!!
@snobscrilla p.s parklife aint gonna be the same without you this year 
Is headed to work, I really just wanna curl up and sleep all day. 
ugh gonna study for a test tomorrow 
last day of senior service  im gonna miss those kids so much!!
Really wish i was able 2 take off again 2 go 2 the museum wit the fam 2day  mmmmmm i wanna go
today is gonna suuuuuuck 
It's gonna be a rough shift. I think I had about 4 hours of sleep. 
is running on 3 hours of sleep.. its gonna be a long day 
@tyleRcoey right there with you.. went to bed at 2, got up at six, its gonna be a super long day 
Spend day cleaning apt...v exciting!back to work again tomoro  gonna relax and do some sketching this eve me hinks
i cant find a single hair do i like for the wedding  gonna be a long week in a half till this wedding business is over lol
what an absolute fu*cker of a day..already! 
just got up !  i got a feeling.. today is gonna be awesome!=D shower+ out with teina and stephen love u skankss ;D i missss u gorgeous 
completely bored ..gonna be like this for 12 weeks 
the bathroom has been busy for the past 13 minutes  im gonna burst
eekkkk 1 more day if work !!!!  gonna miss the students
i see 2day is gonna be a blah day 
off to paris on friday, gonna miss @endoers  ten days not seeing him. sigh
i dont like working everyday this week. i wanna go see the hangover with @lisacuttsurfa and leila 
Looks like it's gonna be a wet misserable day tomorrow 
@ImanSinnokrot ik, i wanna be back in chicago!!!  ooh but the good news is is that i get to see green day on july 3!
i am so so sick. my head has not stopped pounding for the whole day. gonna finish laying down &amp; possibly sleep some more 
its gonna be another long, boring day 
going to cry tomorrow  gonna miss everyone
My head is not my friend today, I really think its gonna explode 
@kayteeeleanor i'll write a letter of complaint ;] s'gonna be gooood tomorrow, but now isabelle has got sick and she's ladged me  foool!
gonna go to the signing party tonight and then geography 
i'm so tired i'm so tired i'm so tired i'm so tired. 7am now talking to joyi! She's coming back already  and im gonna go school now  bye
so cold this morning  I don't wanna get out of my house
rain delay  gonna go to the gym..come on sox you've got these 6 games!!!
lying on the couch resting mi foot its swollen  afta i injured it yesterday
don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
tomorrow is my last day of class with ms woo. im gonna miss it... 
@SousaIsMii lol i kno but @raven_elle told me i gotta fall back 
My baby is gonna be 13 next week 
Man.. it's gone 4am here and I'm still up working. This is gonna fuck my sleep pattern up for the rest of the week 
tomorrow is gonna suck! it's gonna be a day full of activities i don't wanna do 
good time tonight. gonna miss the chillin with the villain while at camp 
Face is sunburnt  gonna get extra sleep for boomerzz tomorroww x] night
i wanna go to the effin laker parade tomorrow but noo we got grad rehearsal! 
i ate too much today, that's what i do when i stay home  not gonna eat much tomorrow.
still sick for the first time in years...gonna try to sleep 
Waking up in 4 hours .... whoooo!! This is gonna be.... fun... 
Sports day today but it looks as if its gonna rain so it will be cancelled 
last minute revision now, not that it's gonna help me 
rest day, school again tomorrow. it's rainy outside. wanna go to the mall. 
morning all... looks like its gonna be a rainy day 
my eyes have been plastered to the screen since 8 this morning. my eyesight's gonna get worst!  potek manzxzx
is scared  i don't wanna be tomorrow !
I am in the office all on my own today  No banter, nothing! It's gonna be a long day!
doesn't feel good  ... it's gonna be a long day.
chose the wrong day to go to the theatre  gonna miss the game tonight..
i hate wakin up 30 mins before my alarm goes off.   ugh! its gonna be another long day!  
Definitley late this morning raining soooo bad when is summer gonna be here  
My mood has completely done a 180 for the worse today  It's gonna be difficult.
@GabrielSaporta i tried calling u one day but you never picked up  think ur gonna pich up some time soon?
thursday are always the worst day of my weeks  i hate piano lessoooooooooon  mama i wanna quit
mornin all... idk y but i couldnt sleep last night and i was wide awake at 8  gonna need a nap later
no more days off until monday. it's gonna be a long 5 days... 
Getting married in 3 days ... and looks like it's gonna rain 
up early today. gonna do some running  and some cardio.  get at me twitts.
this video is gonna be about an hour long! i'm gonna have to do some serious cuts 
i still miss my bestfriends so bad  its gonna be a great holiday i guess!kangen kangen parah
Doesn't really feel like it's gonna be a good day. I just feel kinda off this morning. Not liking it at all feel like somethings wrong... 
Apparently everything I've tried on 4 2night isnt gonna work 
@LadyOfDnB I hear people were lined up and campin out since midnite last night just to get a spot hahaha I wanna go  damn work 
i'm gonna head to work. then from there to work again. well wish i wasn't working  i want a lazy dvd day 
Aw we forgot our passports today and missed the flight! Now we don't know how we'r gonna get out now no flights tomaro 
On my way home, famished! But I dnt wanna snack  think I'm gonna have to have early dinner b4 my session?!
gonna sleep. training tomorrow  good luck to me.
@emehsee you and me both! my pool is warm and ready to use.. it's gonna miss me today though  too cold out.
My day just started 45 minutes ago.. It's gonna be a bad day I can tell already 
its gonna be a long afternoon 
Where is @samorajones  I wanna eat ihopppppp ppl ihop is open 24hrs on the weekend think bout it n possbilities
I am sorry  I wanna reach my 1000 in 3 weeks. That's possible, right?
@SaraKaulitz and u'r so lucky ... u'r going to pool with them tomorrow... and i'm just gonna be stuck in home like always bahh 
tomorrow is gonna be ggreeaat!! uhuu!.. but in the same time all school is gonna be cry!.. including me  i gonna miss everyone!
@Revisionista routine - hmm  but i did get in 3 hrs of study time. gonna work on my stmt of purpose some this evening too.
argh..! i've been sleepy all day. i just wanna cozy up and snuzzle with my hanni   hmf
@akaTrent don't you wanna know what i'm doing at every second of the day?  haha
to day was the last day of school  im gonna miss all my friends i love them to death!!!!!!
@DeniseVlogs lol that reminds me of every time ill say i gonna make a video tomorrow nd i dont 
It was my bday yesterday and haven't heard from my___...gotta move on 
@AngelaCYaws    he's gonna be on access again tomorrow, you need to find out when it'll be on for you  
gonna go take a shower and go to bed. long day tmm...no wrestling shows tonight.  watched monday night raw and it was amazing!!
i don't wanna go to cross country. i already ran for an hour today!! that should count 
a lido' tired -_- graduation tomorrow  yaay . im gonna' miss eighth grade 
doesnt wanna take the global final tomorrow. 
tomorrow's gonna be a veeeety long day 
going to go take a shower then go to &quot;bed&quot;, i graduate tomorrow XD YAY!!  gonna miss my old school so many great memories
@jaaayjaaay12 haha yaayy! i got some too! now it's gonna rain for the next 5 days 
I loved being off 5 days in a row. I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow. 
im sad that tomorrow is the last full day here  i dont wanna leave!
Long day tomorrow gotta be up by 6 &amp; gotta chill with dennis @  9 I miss sleep 
don't wanna work tomorrow 
i dont want to go to sleep, because then im gonna have to wake up and go to work til ten at night  and there goes my day.
oy. I feel like I am dying. How am I gonna teach tomorrow with no voice? 
@TheRealLeo yeahhhhhh... I think my muscle is gonna flake on me this weekend   figures. Y am I surprised?!
Going to bed to get some zzz's because I know tomorrow is gonna be a sad day with friends keaving 
ugh just started laundry. gonna be up for a while. class at 8 am. 
nevermind... not going shopping today...   tomorrow na daw.
Just woke up.. gonna be a very long day. 
tomorrow is the big day...graduation...i dont want it to come! i dont wanna say goodbye  -ForeverYoung&lt;3
Amazing day! I don't wanna graduate 
I'm soooo excited about my trip to visit my sister, its gonna be awesome! but also i'm a little sad about not seeing my man for 16 days 
...good morning ...buon giorno! .....I'm gonna have a really busy day 
Greaat. &quot;gonna be simmering today&quot; just what i wanted! 
gonna check out the hairdressers today, mum has to stay at home though 
@joegronlund much jealous !!! I was gonna be getting one tomorrow but being at the wrong end of the country makes it impossible. 
I just realized how short my summer is gonna be. 
@stephanie_x_x i wanna do the 40 hour famine this year...but I don't have anyone to sponsor me 
I'm really bored.Usually I wanna snooze all day but unusually not right now  It's annoying.
morning... i don't wanna get up and go to work  lol
so apparently I'm workin 2day, although its gonna be raining all day 
wants to take her puppies to the park tomorrow but its gonna rain 
tomorrow na ung start ng 3-day retreat sa Tgyty?! i think i'd rather like to stay home this weekend and sleep all i want. srsly.. 
waiting for the weekend is like waiting for christmas... it feels like its never gonna come and when it does it goes by too fast! 
Just waking up now gwtting ready to go out. still tired from work  but gonna make it a great day
now ive got a really tricky bit  i think this is gonna take at least another hour
Today is gonna be another loooonnggg day 
No classes or work for me today...of course it's gonna rain 
after a long school day i'm so tired and andry caus  i gonna write a test tomorrrow and i havent learned yet 
Ugh. I wont have my ipod all day long. I'm gonna be so bored 
beginning to feel really nervous!! in just one month I'll be on a plane flying to the states... oh god I'm gonna miss everyone soo much 
My first day without cigarettes! I wanna smoke one 
@UnPrEdIcTaBlE88 i knoooooooo its raining. im pissed because where im coming from its gonna be in the 90's for the next week 
@koreelove my bad, visa signature ''presale''.. I cant get mine til next pay day.  but im gonna make it happen!
Just did p90x for the first time and my whole body feels like jello this is gonna be a rough 90 days  &lt;E&gt;
It's gonna be another wet day!! 
it's gonna be a long day 
gonna work at 5pm tomorrow 
nahhh headache again! i don't wanna go to uni tomorrow 
@ofstephs How can this happen! That fair should have known this was gonna happen. They don't read the weather 
on my way home from last day of psych clinical...gonna miss my pt 
@ShaLiLi today is gonna be really borin' for me 
goodmorining/afternoon. well, not really. im still dead tired, looks like its gonna rain &amp; my mom is not home to make me food 
apparently the summer is really sad, because its gonna be crying all week 
@lisarokusek mine went on last night   prob will turn it off if its gonna drop this humidity and night time heat for a duration..
@akosijacke Mabagal din net ko eh. It's been raining for days. 
@Sugarcupstephh i wanna goooooooooo but i may not be here  you coming tomorrow?!
bad weather today. im staying home i guess. gonna try and find some food 
looks like its gonna rain today wft 
i can tell this is gonna b a long day  ughhhh not in the mood
it's raining  ...i'm gonna play zelda all day
sunday's fathers day. Its gonna be a hard one. the first one without my dad. He just passed april 27. I still havent accepted it.  
2day was ace. don't wanna leave my mates 
not looking forward to work 2mora, it's gonna be a looooooong day 
what is the difference between  mitosis and meiosis?! gonna fail tomorrow 
2 days til my sisters wedding... I don't wanna wear a tux 
@Audella ahh its gonna rain all week  but still I'm in new york so gonna make the best of it lol
next week's gonna be so busy! I think I'm gonna die during next week 
@mrsgangster i can't boo   gonna save myself for this weekend. Unless tori can watch the little at my house . . . .
I was supposed to be going out of town this weekend, but i don't think its gonna happen now 
I'm nervous bout the greek picnic this weekend. I don't thnk I wanna go  need encouragement please..
gutted in 2 days the series of supernatural finnishes  gonna cry.
idw what am i gonna do today, its going to the gym or going to the pool, but at the last one may be a person i dont wanna see 
don't wanna work tomorrow. 
omg! this day is never going to end!!! i'm soo tired!  gonna be a short nite of rest 2! 
@robromoni haha.. u might wanna with a day or two... I still have a cold. 
how many more days tul vacay? its gonna be a long summer if the weather keeps up this way 
i miss my tony.  i miss him sooooooo much. what am i gonna do next year? or when he graduates! WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
@GarageGlamorous hey there summerboy, how was work???gonna miss candyvision, i'll be away for the next two weeks 
@AFROdeesYAK YAY!!!!ur cumin on monday butonly 4 1 day  but we're gonna have alot of fun!
10:30 am, I probably only got 6 hours of sleep at most. And I'll be painting all day. This is gonna be rough 
 reached my 20gig broadband limit with 3 days to renew! waaah what am I gonna dooo
Its gonna be a long summer 
Getting ready to take a shower. i smell really bad and then im not gonna be making money tomorrow 
this week so busy, nxt week so free.. i'm gonna be so bored den  - http://tweet.sg
sitting here in my room not looking forward to tomorrow gonna be a long day with alot of tears 
I hate the doctors office  .. wait... then whats gonna happen when I become a doctor? am I gonna hate my job?
i have W orientation tomorrow. gonna be loads of fun. 
I don't think pepper's gonna stay, she's too rebel  wish I had more time for rebeldy
I really wanna see the morning light again. 
left the window open by accident.. getting bit everywhere by bugs.. im gonna wake up all itchy and red tomorrow 
summer! hell yeah! xD gonna miss some people though... 
@monikaTweet i was gonna get up early in the morning but i dont see it happening... i feel fucked now. its weird not having you here too 
This weekend's gonna be rainy and gross?  
I leave tomorrow to go camping  I don't wanna!!! ='[
had to cancel Dish today..  its gonna suck with two kids in the house and No TV, and the fact that I rely on it to sleep at night.
restless. mexico tomorrow! gonna miss my boyfriend for this long three weeks 
I've only been up an hour and already want to go back to sleep because I hate being alone  I guess I'm just gonna go lay down and read.
i really pray that this flu nonsense is over for everyone by tomorrow. its gonna be the weekend and i really dont wanna be sick 
I really need to learn to get more sleep! I'm gonna be a zombie all day 
The more I think about how terrible this trip is gonna be, I just don't wanna go anymore. Only one in my age group for a whole two weeks. 
@kylalipsmackk if the song halo comes on i'm gonna dieee. he's gonna be gone for two whole weeks   way to ruin a summer
wow...i knew this day would come i just didnt kno how i was gonna react...just so shocked and sad 
its so sad when u wake up and you already know its not gonna be a good day  have i ever mentioned i hate goodbyes?
tomorrow's weekend but for me i have to work and gonna be busy day,,hiks..hiks.. 
looks like wine-o'clock's gonna be no-wine-o'clock  
gonna have a boring second weekend alone! booooooooo  &lt;3 you karl xxx
it's gonna be a sneezy day 
@tommcfly ive left my ticket at home  gonna have to buy another one at the venue
@lisaajonas - I'll do hope your day is gonna be as great as mine. But it's raining though 
Is bored!! gonna go to bed early got work in the morning!! ahh cant be bothered 
I wanna sleep  or at least enjoy this beautiful day
@suirent wait, what time is @onicole gonna be done  I need to work tonight ...
don't wanna fall sick on this day. 
today's the last day of school  im gonna miss you guys&lt;3 . paramore concert later.
I can't believe i'm gonna miss metro station today.. 
is really gonna have a hard time staying awake today.. ohh boy. 
it's gonna be another cold rainy sad day 
@rehmxo ahhh i miss you havent spoken since yesterday  when will your parents forget about this whole grounded thing i wanna see you ilyxo
The baby woke up and she is worse today than yesterday  its gonna be a long day
@ryandavoll its gonna rain for the next two days 
Right i was supposed to do ma homework wat 4 hours ago so im gonna start now! No more tweeting 
@YuNoeGibbz lol yooo, my car gonna b in da shop tonight and tomorrow 
Itsss morning last day of mississppi trip  gonna make it the bestt possible any insprational qoutes anyonee???
goin to florida in a couple days...oddly not excited...gonna miss my girl  
@lalalaliv yeahh i really wanna see them this summer! i would go on my own but there all too far to go on my own  x
Its gonna be a long day at work  No fun for me today.
Overslept today. This friday workday is gonna be long 
i had a great last day  gonna miss everyone so much!!!
Heading to the actual gym now.. haven't been in about 6 weeks so I think it's gonna hurt 
its gonna be a long day...my lil monster is sick. 
its gonna be a long day at work  and vye's gonna be mad that my tardiness is becoming persistent. :/
One of those rainy days in chicago..I wanna stay in bed all day 
Ah, the cab is gonna be at chain tomorrow  no fair.
eating breakfast on my break... It's gonna be a really long day 
Shouldn'tve stayed up so late. I'm gonna be tired all day again 
I can't get to sleep  i'm like spamming twitter. I have to get t early tomorrow. I wanna  sleep 
@michellecpa I'm really gonna try to keep it in check...but it's gonna be hard...and I will ask him to see his eyes...one last time.. 
of course its gonna rain after i get my new bike. 
My computer is broken!!!  that's not fair my daddy took it to someone who can fix it!.. What am I gonna do now?!... A whole day without it
@dayrix me too! but i wanna to study all the weekend 
i don't wanna go to work 2night 
.another reason this weekend's gonna blow: iCan't blog. 
@joelmchale AND @nerdist are both gonna be in town tonight?! And performing? So unfair. 
bored, not working on my essay or my monologues. this is gonna be a very long weekend 
i've been in such a terrible mood all day i just wanna snap out of it!!! 
don't wanna go to that media festival tomorrow.... 
i wanna go out tonight!!!!!! but i can't  i'll have to wake too early tomorrow...
My phones not gonna make it all night!!!  it's at 20%
I wanna see year one tonight 
Just back from awards ceremony best one yet!!!! gonna miss everyone thts leavin  burf day next wednesday XDXDXD!!!!
hoping for a nice weekend, but pretty sure it's gonna rain 
i hate sodding goodbyes. tomorrow's gonna be hard. 
aaaaaaa! the foly jocking inc. has a non good day, this is the end for his workers? ...  we're gonna miss it 
gonna watch anchorman in honor of gary!! such a sad day 4philly news watchers. welcoming these ppl n our homes evryday they become family 
really crappy week...... i dont wanna say goodbye 
I wanna go on a date  nice friday evening.....don't wanna go out....but no boo  aww well...
No mario   weather is too bad...but its gon be beautiful tomorrow for these 8 miles..hmmm...
'cuz im gonna be a week out of the city  
gonna stay at home this weekend 
I wanna go to barts bday tomorrow but it's suppose to be horrible out 
okay ... prob the worst day of my life......  gonna stay in and go to sleep .. so i wake up and be positive...
sitting home with a sore throat...don't wanna work tomorrow 
Just see, I'm gonna frown all day today cuz I can't go to the game and it's not gonna be broadcast in tv 
It's gonna be my birthday tomorrow,  but I have no idea what to do 
I don't wanna do anything this weekend except see david.  too bad I'm not gonna get what I want.
puerto rican in tha chi this weekend!!  not goin damn!!
gonna get ready for bed..been a unproductive day  goodnight folks tweet u tomorrow &lt;3
is gonna have to skip knit group tomorrow due to lack of clean clothes  http://plurk.com/p/12c6ca
2 more hours. hurry up. i wanna goooooo 
i think i'm going to sleep. we're leaving at 5 in the morning...i'm gonna miss this place. 
gonna eat breakfast the hub is not happy because i didn't sleep ... 
@edsterzxx1308 @E_pinto i wanna hang out w/ you two together real bad one day!!! 
@kkblaze two more?  so sorry  have they scheduled the surgery yet? if you wanna talk, i can be around this weekend. thinking of you.
has a really sore throat which really sux  gonna go to bed soon....work tomorrow from 2:30-11
goodmorning ! soo it's weekend but i gotta learn for finals   but i'm gonna try cuzz i don't wanna have a bad summer
Ugh i wish i wouldnt of slept the day away  i think im gonna go for a drive just to get outta the house
@thesounds cant come to your show at the southside fest tonight. that makes me sad  im gonna listen to your music the whole day. love you
I wanna see him!   nighnights kinder ballet in the morning oh help me please!
sun is gonna rise in like about an hour and I haven't gone to sleep yet!! How am I gonna stay awake for the concert tomorrow? 
all my roomies are gone for a couple days, they left to their hometowns this morning  someone is gonna have to come over and stay with me.
I dont know what i'm gonna do on my b-day  I wanna have a fun party!  but I don't know where. 
Cycling for the whole afternoon....Tiredtiredtired!!!.I just wanna sleep now 
Pls oh pls let's go vivo for the father's day lunch tomorrow. I wanna get something there as well 
I know I will be able to make it through the work day, but doubt I will survive the concert tonight probably gonna sleep all day instead 
went to the market for the last time.  this is gonna be a sad change.
don't want to go to work...it's gonna be a long day 
hmm chocolate cake XD gonna pig out tonight to make up for not pigging out last night because there was no food 
off to bed now, yay sleep in the next two days, although I don't wanna speak too soon 
maybe i shudnt have say all those things to him yesterday...the point is i dun wanna lose him dats all 
Morning world! gonna get a morning run in before it starts raining all weekend 
@elligraz ah what! is that tonight?? gutted...gonna miss it 
i think i need to go  of course i wanna stay but i've been on since afternoon. which means i need to do hw now. i'll look for best friend
6 hours of sims today. i feel so un-simmed. time for bed. work tomorrow  dun wanna go but i get to see cuz 
I have a sore neck and a long weekend (not the good long) it's gonna be rough 
sitting at work phones are slow so its gonna be a long day.   
i guess i'm gonna go father's day shopping before work... this weekend is gonna suck 
@omjitsnicole we should go to pei wei before i leave  i'm planning stuff for next week that i'm not gonna tell you
Driving home.....another b. E. A. Utiful day im gonna miss for sleep 
It's gonna be a rough day as I was up at various times during the night w/ a coughing &amp; miserable baby. I'm exhausted 
I wanna see my baby.  few hours I can. And mike is being retarded.
This insomnia is killing me  working 2-8 tonight then gonna try and force myself to take a nap or go to bed
nite, i hope tomorrow is gonna be extremely fun! And i miss my boy.. 
trying so so hard to fast today...i feel like i'm gonna binge 
last supervisor day  gonna miss you guys
so last was pretty sad.. last day with the crew.. good times though good party.. gonna miss all my friends  the last call rocked!
@ChynaJ  its gonna rain all day isn't it??
@JulieeM i do feel like a bad babysitter  i stayed up til four in the morning scared he was gonna cry
gonna rain the whole day... blah 
Its gonna be a long night! 
gonna pass out after the meal .. Hff have 2 drive home 
Cleaning house today! It's gonna be a long day 
working 1-6pm.  Its gonna be a busy/crazy day.
just got home gonna spend the evening with my love gonna make him steak tonight..my monkey's had a long day!! 
gonna spend over $100 on presents today 
Jones Beach... getting major flashbacks to driving around the last week of school with @msilve  I literally am gonna cry.
had an awesome couple of days. first nasser's party, then bob sinclar AND then my prom! wanna do it all again 
ugh i wanna be in dallas 2night! its going to be ahmazing an dim not there 
i was planning to have a barbaque tonight but it looks like its gonna rain 
@Stizzz04 well I've neva met him  I wonder if he's as cute as he was bac n da day
L.A. w/my sis 2day I wish I was happy2Bgoing but@this point I don't wanna step foot outta this house it looks like I got beat up! I fell 
i will love this wednesday for the rest of my life! gonna miss you all 
OK, tired as all eff this morning but must tidy my room! gonna take like 5 hours  awwelllll ciao
its gonna be so weird not having any babies at home tonight 
@JessRIOT think its gonna be sleep. work tomorrow 
wow just slepted for 4 hours....now im probably not gonna sleep again 
I'm gonna have bruises tomorrow 
good morning here.. feeling so weird. lazy to study but will study after breakfast !  gonna twit tomorrow! goodbye twithearts!
I'm so worn out and my night is just starting.  This weekend is gonna be tiring. For reals.  &lt;&lt;3 always,  T&gt;
tired. don't wanna work tomorrow 
Ahhh trip to this wedding is gonna be boring now 
gonna be bored for the rest of the night, cause my brother will be gone. 
getting ready to leave.  gonna miss london town this summer. well mostly just the people in it.
@wayner24 hey what time are you gonna be in toronto at tomorrow? i'm gonna be at eaton centre all day! 
@travcope  . i hate widows tho . probably... i am gonna get a macbook next month ...
went to the beach today.... i love tampa i dnt wanna leave 
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow, that means the vacation is over 
here @ the doctor for an appointment. i have a feeling today's gonna suck 
Maaan, I dunno why but I've been dizzy the whole day *running into wall*  I really wanna make some music, but I don't think I can 
It's a sunny day! I don't wanna go out 
@LuckyRivera ur teasing me   we're gonna have to plan a time to meet up sometime...
they left. its gonna be years til I see them again 
tomorrows not gonna be a good day for me  xo pa
Maaaan I'm not gonna have a voice tomorrow! 
UGHHH i didn't bring a jacket to my dads house  it's gonna be cold tmr morning!!
If I could return to 24 hours ago, I would have not drank.  The hospital bill is gonna be huge.
i don't wanna gooo  i'm gonna miss you nicole ! 2 weeks with you 24/7 was SO much fun ! 2 weeks without, i don't know if i can make it 
first tweet of the day :O  im gonna take my dog out... its freezing outside though 
gonna be one of those days i think 
I'm gonna be all alone til like 6 tomorrow! 
http://bit.ly/102tAj  I wanna afford to loose a day or 2  pana arunci analiza economco-financiara. bleah
@rjramos Lol man now is time to download all the old aps I had on the old version 2.2.1  is gonna take a while
noooo! It's raining! I usually love rain but today I wanna go to the beach! nooo!why It's raining? 
already leaving london  gonna spend my next 3 weeks here in northampton. and no, its not hamptons hahaha
the vet said she has to stay at the hospital for 3 days or MORE! she didnt confirm that my dog is gonna be fine  it might die T_T
this hoodys almost too small now  i wanna watch bliss -takethat weekend, remote got taken from me, longgggg
heading out for lunch and wanting to go for a ride after but isn't sure the weather is gonna hold   
can't wait for tomorrows party even though it's gonna be canny sad 
Sure gonna miss my buddies when they leave tomorrow 
gonna update this, and my blog... before i sleep ;) aaahh!! school tomorrow.  haha.
i have to go and stay at my bosses house for 5 days to look after thier zoo, its not gonna be fun 
@NDubzlover19 I'm not gonna see him 2day  u gonna be with urs? (:
@Nayvan dont think jenson gonna do it today 
doesn't wanna close hairspray today 
well this is it im not gonna be home for a week talk to u guys l8ter.   :
goodnight to all.  i honestly don't want this day to end and begin the day tom., why? coz my mom's gonna leave and school starts again. 
Last day  sooo sad gonna miss this place....but ill be back again!!
just studied spanish for like 2 hours. prob still gonna do horrible 
It's gonna b a nice 94f here 2day but I'm only staying 1/2 the day 
@SarahLuvsArchie ahhh i didnt  my brother had his grad party allll day yesterday. how was it?! im gonna watch videos in a bit
gonna spend time with my daddy today, geez who knew living alone would make me miss him so much 
hopes she doesn't have to babysit today... it's gonna rain  booo
hubby is gonna be gone training this week  god bless our soldiers!
sorryyyyyyy...but me comp. was dead;-) yehaaaaa this weekend was great...too much alcohol  now i'm gonna make piiiizza!
why are we so busy at sbux this morning this is insane, I wanna sleep 
@mojito_lily I'd love too darling but I have absolutely no money and no job either  It's gonna be a long summer!
just finished top gear. We are off to a great season!! To bad it's gonna be just 7 episodes 
@davidhsieh sadd, but its true  sure you still wanna be my only friend next year? i miss keepin ya posted on the daily mishaps of my life
@RichYoungMogul fucckkkk!! im not gonna be able to get those days off!! another year..no atl 
wow stupid class is no joke! gonna run today  
@ssensibleheart I think it's gonna rain tomorrow! 
@annamoore3701 I know  me and jill just started cryinggg lol. It's gonna be a good season
don't wanna work tomorrow....... 
@snehnesne  gonna miss ya this year bud
@tipsykitty :o you broke 100000. I'd say yay but now you're gonna try do that every week - have to come back for more 
gonna miss placebo tonight 
and is gonna last so many hours 
TRANSFORMERS!!! i wanna watch it but the cinemas near my hse is fully booked until sat even though i wan tickets on wkday morning 
I know i didnt just see that its gonna hit 99 degrees today.  i know i didnt.   
Tired and feeling sick  gonna eat hot soup all day and nap.
@claudesullivan that's word I eD gonna do that this month! I'm sad now 
rs homework...sports day tomorrow ...btw...how the hell do u run relay?! i am gonna die..... 
Why does today feel like its gonna be a bad day... 
sky came round earlier to fix the satellite dish thing, now, like actual hours later, i turn the tv on and there's no signal. i wanna cry 
guess the beach trip isn't gonna work out  i still wanna roadtrip somewhere but i dont know where. it has to be closer than 10 hours
babys leaving today  I'm gonna miss him so much
@JohnnyRayge fucken bitch I wanna go but I work this weekend so bitter 
I wanna go to 6 flags. Some1 take me soonn, i needa get out of allentown even if its for just a day 
@lovekillslowly: iw as gonna surprise u I'm w stubbs in the city @ happy hour then coming to li I wanna see u 
Looking at the eagles outside, I don't wanna get attacked by them today 
is gonna be without her laptop/internet all day tomorrow 
@veeriwhoa i'll try but if I don't pass the exams she's gonna cut my head. I need to see youuu I wanna talk with you for hours and hours 
i have an entire draft of physics coursework due in for tomorrow. what have i done so far? nothing. its gonna be an allnighter 
tca is gonna be rough tonight 
can't wait to see transformers! but i'm gonna have to wait one more day, no midnight showing for me 
is home and back to life on a schedule-gonna miss sleeping till 10am!!  
i feel srry for the ppl going on bib track it is poring down with rain and is gonna be for the next 3 days  and it is freezing cold
@jonas_twilight3 hi!! today was like my last day at schooll  i wanna to leave it, but its hard, isnt it!?
Does anyone wanna wait ti'll tomorrow or thursday/friday during the day to see Transformers with me I can't go tonight 
@HeyJayne i can't this friday  i'm not gonna be here! i'm free next week though ;D
gonna be a boring day today 
@TROPIKANA good me too! im gonna call u tomorrow before i go to the dentist  so u can update me on ur 1st day back lol
sat down on my bed gonna get up for school in a minute 
@connievstack no not yet  they were supposed to be coming back  , like ther were rumours a few months back, but now its all gon e quiet ?
@WTFJAY lol hubby is gonna be starting a new job with early hours so these late nights are probably gonna be history 
wow i slept 4 hours and woke up  whay !!! ?? i'm gonna study now
woke up after cycling at 6 am... today's my relaxing day!! i think that tomorrow im gonna leaving for my grandma's house!!! i miss her 
I slept very very well.this day is gonna be very very...dont have the right word...  only learning learning,learning, when will this end!!
Twitterers, im gonna do something pretty drastic tomorrow. It's pretty heartbreaking actually. Wish me luck! 
Doesn't wanna leave her big tomorrow.  i hate new york so much
@_LFoF_   trust me though we're gonna be there till late!
i'm not feeling good today   on my way to cologne - hope it's gonna be as good as manchester!? going to twitter from the show ;-)
I'm so sleepppyyy gonna have a nap in the car. Its times like these where I really appreciate my own bed at home 
it's gonna be too hot today. heat plus clouds equals insane amounts of flies. 
@kjerstia I wanna do that but its rains every day 
Oh no, duaji &amp; dead kid won't be around next week  will miss the 2 si ginnahs - http://tweet.sg
Today's gonna be a busy day.  I feel so lazy...
Babysitting tomorrow  It's gonna be a longggggggg day!
Outside is so warm, so uncool is that, the weekend gonna be rainy, 
still at home... gonna go in 30 minutes... my heart is beating fast... 
@YANICAKES now youre gonna have to wait a couple more months to mater her 
printer is gone... for good  twitter is freaking slow... last day @skrine... gonna miss &quot;the company&quot;!
so, it's just taken me just over an hour to get up my stairs, wash myself and come back down. this is gonna be a long 3 weeks.  #fb
feeling tired.... i wanted to go surf... but waves are gone and i'm gonna be busy today 
Not gonna be a good day. 
should have slept in today...gonna be a long and rough day 
It's gonna be a long, miserable, frustrating, trying day. And i've still got 6.5 hours. 
I really wanna make this the best summer ever but its not working out. I'm actually having a boring one 
still trying to motivate and it's already 10:53....ughhhh!!  it's gonna be a long day 
Short Vacation is ending. work today  .  getting the bus soon. gonna miss my baby girl.
going to my gf's house sooon, last day im gonna see her for a long time 
today's gonna be a bad day.i can feel it 
Next week is gonna suck! 
have to go look for a job today... that's gonna be funn 
So busy today and not feeling the greatest ... gonna b a long day 
Shit! I don't wanna go to work tomorrow  at least I get to have lunch with @loriett in an hour
going to san jose tomorrow to see one of my old cold stoners before the sharks game. it's gonna be a good day 
@Artytypes No - I won't say what I was gonna say - morning 
Not even 9am and I'm already advanced with my today's plans. It's gonna be a productive day  I'll watch 24 during lunch...
today's gonna be gooooood 
@cloudsteph lmao - gonna be singing that all day now. brilliant 
back from jogging, took a shower and now going to cook lunch... gonna make some french fries and salad 
@cassie2112 I don't wanna! tis too annoying &amp; hard! ...doing it all day tomorrow 
@thatswhack74 @drish29 gonna go now girls. good night for you both 
had a wonderful dream about her future husband! cant remember it now...but i woke up with a smile on my face! its gonna be a good day! 
going to mgm! im gonna ride the rockin rollercoaster all day 
mmm...gonna have me a GOOOD lunch today 
is awake..gonna go make her self some tea.. I hope everyone has a great day!!!! 
@danuf text me when you wake up  i dont wanna accidentally disturb your slumber on your day off &lt;3 ahah
showers, goooood.... missing breakfast... not so much, but life goes on! it's gonna be a good day anyway  &lt;3 reggae roots.
gonna go run, then out and about, tonight should be fun 
My Starbucks was made perfectlty this morning...its gonna be a good day 
I don't know why I'm soo tierd, had a great day today though..  gonna stay home and maybe watch a movie ;)
This weekend, I'm just gonna chill at home cause the next few weekends will be nonstop. So, no photoshoots, no 'to do' lists... just me. 
And then it day 2. But we're gonna get crunk tonight 
I think im gonna go spend the day at the pool 
Next sunday is gonna be one of the greatest days ever. 
back into the city!  gonna go for a walk until keri gets out of work, then dessert date.   today is happiness.
@modernartrocks OK @moonflowerchild out the bath so I am gonna sign off, you have a great evening  bye
Just got home ugh long day gonna be sleepy sleepy  and i have a early day tomorrow
@WhtKnight85 lol hopefully.. and its getting hotter which is awesome. It won't be cloudy like last time. But its gonna be fun! 
woke up next to he boyfriend... I guess this means this is gonna be a awesome day 
i think im gonna open my widow, let the breeze blow in, and watch the sunrise while curled up in my blankets.  
can't wait til next week - gonna be fun at the beach 
??  nice weather but no time for enjoy !! it*s gonna be a stressful day!
the weather sucks...made plans for todays afternoon but as it seems, they're wanished...gonna dress up and get a coffe 
@hollieleanne and im gonna go sleepy time now. cya tomorrow     
There's a quiet drive ahead. It's gonna be beautiful today 
@x__dickhead Yeahhhhh sounds good! It's gonna be the best day since EVERRRRR  xoxo
morning everyone  still sun burnt... its gonna look so funny in my formal...
I think I need a day sans boyfriend or I'm gonna kill him. 
Relaxing on this sunday morning - gonna do arts and crafts today! Yippe! 
woke up at 7:00, gonna go to a party in a couple hours....hope i havfun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has had a great weekend at carlys ....sleepover , dance , swimming , barbeque , sunshine ! lets hope summer is gonna b sunnier !  xxx
@OsmentEmily soo what are youu gonna do tto day?? 
gonna hit up the t.o. mall in about an hour. anyone is welcome to go with me if you'd like 
seriously; work is gonna be a long drag tommorrow! happy 420  hopefully no vistors tommorrow!!
seriously; work is gonna be a long drag tommorrow! happy 420  hopefully no vistors tommorrow!!
@tommcfly just wondering do u know if your gonna be perfroming @ the ms universe pageant this year? i hope so! 
this lady is my favorite!!! this is gonna have to be my song of the week  http://tinyurl.com/9keg76
@mileycyrus this is gonna be 10 days of fun  enjoy it ;)
Some delay in the release of the new version of VIPeers, we hope it to be done for this week, it's gonna be big changes 
optimistic for the upcoming week - it's gonna be a great week!  (we'll see how long this lasts... probably only til tomorrow...)
is waking up..rain has held off for now...back to work...gotta feed them babies...wishing ya'll a great day! 
@questlove is ur theme for late night opening gonna be available as a download? 
beautiful sunshine inviting me out to play... gonna get ready to bring sound to your day! x 
It's gonna be a good week 
@htlnick im gonna miss coming out tongiht my dear  wishi could have seen you guys after the show sat night. ill see you next time around&lt;3
The sun is shining and it's gonna be a beautiful day. 
G'morning. It's gonna be another nice hot day  I am looooving this weather!
@cherieong next thursday  5days , wanna lunch with me soon? since we'r quite near 
@jennytiu ee! will go there tomorrow night na lang po. bed time for the baby! 
mornin world!!  new depeche mode's album is finaly avalaible!! gonna buy it this afternoon..
Oh noes, 420 is about to be over!!! =( haha, gonna actually sleep early tonight cos I need energy for tomorrow! &quot;Early&quot; means 1:30am. 
So sleepy! It's gonna be a long day today aswell  oh well nearly the weekend 
nitchola is going back to his mom today which means im all alone again here. we're gonna have breakfast in the nature reserve first tho 
ahhh  the sun is shining! it's gonna be a good day, gonna cut my hair later (Y)
@Acousticore though we're gonna see it tomorrow i guess - or are u going to wait till 3? 
gotta walk to the bus stop today  gonna go... If you only knew by savanah
is up and at 'em this morning... feeling great and gonna make this a great day 
souldstock tomorrow, lunch with lawren on sunday along with the church picnic. gonna be a fun weekend 
today was so cool. i went to outback with my sisters, bruno 'n rick. and i really had so much fun. tomorrow is gonna be so much better, 
@myBFFmichelle im gonna vote for you next year 
@westernmasskat @missflipflop gonna try to go back to bed again and not squish the kid  talk to you tomorrow!
to laisy for jogging... just gonna take the bike for a morning spin 
wuhuuuu. today's gonna be great. so excited 
going to see my friend today...gonna have fun outside  whatever xD
those situations are irrelevant now. doing nail can hill run tomorrow morning, can't really be stuffed though :| but im still gonna do it 
this weekend is gonna rock! family time, crankin some projects, and gonna tear into some rusty iron barbell complexes 
@Bholloman @mandaholloman you guys are gonna kill it today!  have fun.
i have a whole day of nothing planned. gonna be a good one 
is off to the gym.  I'm even gonna swim today!  Watch out now!  
@ratnaditya na...just a day out. 
debatin on goin to the gymmm...i just wanna be lazyy today 
gonna be a fun week starting monday 
Hanging out with alisa today XD gonna be fun 
I'm gonna try to sleep, had a long but awesome day 
@mileycyrus lucky!!! i wanna go there one day. hopw all is well 
i woke up an hour ago...damn was i really that tired? anyways..good afternoon to everyone  i miss her gonna try to see her today :p
today I'm gonna work on new music together with jc  so stay tuned!! 
@BeeColl i'm gonna sleep in tomorrow FINALLY!! yay... lol.. goodnight though 
expo in 20 days  im going to meet some people from deviantart...problem is where all gonna be cosplaying XD
took the widdle angel out for a walk and got subway... it's gonna be a nice day 
i ate maru-chan noodles   now i`m gonna take a shower and go to lake geneva for the rest off the day,not swimming too cold still
uh... mela and i... party 4-ever!!  we've rocked the house all day and night long!! wuhu!! never without ya again!! love ya!&lt;3
Just woke up .. gonna be a chill day .. hangin by myself 
last day of the weekend on a sunday gonna eat some lunch and continue watching my fav channel the weather channel!!! with TWCWeekends!! 
Just got done eating breakfast ; gonna go shower and get ready for the day ; going to the zoo 
Going to the biggest street fair of all time... gonna get me some fair food.  Yummo.
at church...my brother is gonna get confirmed today! 
gonna have sushie 4 lunch today 
gonna take a shower.. then off to bed  .. eww --a full week of school tomorrow! ughh
getting ready for bed  great day with the dance team. gonna miss my seniors!
@boshemia Got my fingers crossed that I can line up the days I want tomorrow without much hassle!!  This week's gonna drag lol
i confused the userpics of @WHOmagazine and @NWmag.... ya'll might wanna change that.  @FAMOUSweekly has won my heart this week!
I wish we could be right here right now always, touchin and loving you sooo right. Just wanna hold you tight, all day all night. 
@erickaxx it would hurt only when you touch it or when it gets hit. But when you don't, it won't  but after a month it wouldn't hurt na!
@imeldalaura it's a woodchipper &amp; it's gonna top off the weekend just nicely 
gonna have a lazy day today 
@hubermanuela  hey girl, what's up? what r u gonna do today? 
gonna be a longg day but fun - senior walk finally 
it's still the 4 am hour at home and my day has begun... gonna drink a lot of coffee today. 
60 days today  i can't believe it's been 2 months. i'm nervous about what i'm gonna say later. but i'm gonna keep comin back.
gonna go 2 bed now, night tweeters  , dont think about me when you sleep ;) hahah nite all
its gonna be a beautiful day! 
its gonna be a great week! dallas next weekend!!! 
totally forgot about pink radio being launched today; gonna listen to it when i finish my assignment 
back to school! feels like its gonna be a great day 
Is off today and gonna go shopping!! T-minus 22 days til CUUUBA!! 
tomorrow's mother's day  me n my sis gonna make an onigiri for our mom~!! its gonna be so kewl!! cant wait for tomorrow &gt;_&lt;
@amyxstftk bahaha i loook like kung fu panda when i wake up in the morning. 
happy mothers day to all..im gonna help mine right now.she deserves it..you guys should too.. 
good times haha ily christian and mo  gonna watch dazed and confused in a while ha also my first time watching it ha im so lame 
finally tommorow is monday.. and the last day of school.. gonna miss them all,  preparing for holiday. i prefer go to bali yeaaay 
gonna walk around for an hour now :I but I'm totally motivated! Wahahaha 
good morning folks!   what ya gonna do today? it's mothers day 
Law week is gonna go the fuck off  SO EXCITED
hmmmmm.. have exactly one hour to do three pieces of coursework. no motivation. just gonna watch mcfly.. then i'll do it.. 
P.S. I would not be able to check my acct. tomorrow coz I'm gonna go somewhere. So, jus follow me, and I'll follow back the followin day. 
up and at 'em! happy sunday.  maybe today is the day the room is finally liveable?!?! im gonna go make an omlette. 
26 days. and everything's gonna be okay with him.. 
yay the hell like exam period is gonna end in less than 2 days.  super happy!
@faithgoddess7  same to you. oh and the Lakers play today! it's gonna be a wonderful day, I think. 
can't wait to show my mom what i got her for mothers day shes gonna love it!!!!!  (finished twilight yesterday on new moon again!!) 
just relaxed today...gonna work on my blog later i think... take care all.. cya's tomorrow 
My voice is gonna be gone in the morning, totally worth it, insanely great game. Ps: you're cute 
we have computers and art tomorrow...this is gonna be fun 
The new members in the family  its gonna be a long ass night http://short.to/8ypa
just can't WAIT for tomorrow!! No reason, just know it's gonna be an incredible day! 
Only 26 days left and we are leaveing for the States.... 4 weeks of  vacation is gonna be awesome  Could life be any better.
work out time gonna rock it 
its gonna be an amazing night tonight! 
All I wanna do...is wake up refreshed. With a functioning voice. And a blessed day 
gonna have a family dinner today at fish and co, with my baby tooo.. 
@maver9999 perhaps I'll make one at the weekend but today i'm gonna make rice pudding. I love when the skin forms on top 
Doing some reaserch about my new short movie that I am gonna shoot starting this friday. 
imma go now. 2morrow's gonna be a new day.. gotta recharge 
@boiwonder can't complain, hating the rain!...but gonna enjoy my day off 
well gettin ready for work.  gonna be a late night again.  later 
this revision sandwhich is killing me tbh.... but saturday night is gonna be gooooood 
gonna catch sum sleep now, tomorrow's gonna be music practicuum, goodnight every one 
I am twitchy and I haven't even started on my coffee. It's gonna be a good day. 
@rubenj_sa and you are correct, it is a free mommy weekend again LOL 
waking up..gonna get ready to get pampered all day 
This day gonna take foreverrrrr!! 
deezy bout me jose its gonna be a tequilla night 
had a lond busy day today....gonna rest now  
SO sleepy right now!!!  REALLY late night last ni ght, but totally worth it 
gonna be on twitter hiatus for a week. 
@greggarbo it's gonna be the BEST summer camp, haha 
okay, done with @protagonize updates for the evening... gonna go chill and watch TV before I crash. 
@AmberRaynexxx lol aww pobre cita!! I will try my best..we can rotate days..tomorrow you sleep tonight I'll sleep babes! 
Just woke up in the niddle of the night with music on my mind! I gotta put it work if I'm gonna make it in this industry!  MusiiQueen
So far my day's been good, and it's gonna get better with tonight's MAHJONG session! Though it'd rock more if HE were there too. 
queensland here we come, i cant wait leaving tomorrow    gonna go watch a movie with mum, good night xx
doing my makeup and stuffs.  gonna be a good day !! 
enjoying a day all alone at home! gonna play guitar out loud for once! no headphones! 
Yesterday, as a day, is gonna be pretty damn hard to top 
going down to the track for a nice three-mile run...then gonna try to find a court that isn't too wet. last full day in massachusetts 
home.my best friend is gone for a week ! that's sad. but this weekend was fun ! gonna miss her 
On the bus listening to frank turner after an amazing night! I can sense today is gonna be a good day! 
Oh yeah it's a beautiful morning. I think it's gonna rain today 
yay. Today is gonna be a fun day.  I'm excitedd 
Heading to fisherman's wharf...its gonna be hot today 92 degress 
great day, had brunch /w friends and then soccer. gonna have pizza now and then we're off to the movies 
Today's gonna be a good day. I can feel it 
Off to my piano recital!!!! Then gonna hangout with a friend!! It shall be a good day!! 
What do you do the day after prom? I think im gonna eat top ramen and watch a tv movie 
last full week of school. i'm so excited. this weekend is gonna be the BEST. ftsk! on friday, and on saturday, my going away partayyyy. 
I am so gonna regret this in the morning  but I havta celebrate ;)
whoo 2 ours of lost 2night  shame its the last in the series though but ahhwell...gonna go watch  .maybe il figure out wats going on?? .xX
cannot wait to watch @danecook tonight on comedy central! its gonna be a family event 
home!  ohhh what a bombass weeekend! summer needs to HTFU already. lalal, i wanna go to yo cribbbb*
gonna have a looong soak in the bath then yoga time! woo! Hopefully be less stressed afterwards 
I'm back everyone! going to court next week! gonna clear one of these bogas allegations 
@BengeeB well sweetie,, i am tired from the travelling today   gonna head to bed.. sleep well. sweet dreams and safe tweets ;)
@sadekhm Everything is gonna be ok isa :-D and u'll sleep all the day 
mama said she's gonna connect my phone again  tomorrow, hopefully
@steffy213 no way steffy! youre gonna have to wait  its not a big deal or anythinggg, wait like about a week  eheh!
@chucktvdotnet yess.. congrats to team #savechuck. we're gonna see chuck 3rd season. this is just make my day 
Setting an alarm for morning time cause I know my ass is gonna wanna sleep in. 
twice oops...its gonna be a  good week then  
gonna set my alarm 4 11 o'clock. music time all day! 
good morning  feel like it's gonna be an awesome day.
goodmorning, i have no plans for today and it feels wonderful, this is gonna be one of those lazy days 
@jo_ee aww cheer up babe! maybe another day if you're home we can dinner at chompchomp 
review's done!  means school's gonna start soon. lol
is gonna do one more day of geography. then media 
@Kusmar07 i will do .saturday is gonna be fun but a long day.out all day.lol 
@HappyGoatee That's my daily routine.  And it's all sideshow exclusive this week. har har har
Another day, another dollar (already spent)... at least it's gonna be in the 80's in a couple days... makes getting up for work easier! 
gonna make this a short monday by going home and calling it a night! 
wondering that this week gonna be over and done succesfully and happilly. well you guys who support me till it's over. 
Going to the gym in a bit, &amp; gonna make this a better week than before 
gonna be a busy day! housework, then real work  listening to r. pattinson throughout.
is just gonna chill for all 4 days 
The sun is shining, its a beautiful day. . Its gonna be good!  Everyone having the same? 
This is gonna be a lonnnnngggggg night 
gonna go shower &amp; sleep  night lovess &lt;33
@SincereBC  really though cant be much longer cuz kelli home and then I have work tomorrow night, its gonna be crazy
Haha yeah sure  gonna party it up this weekend!?!
drinkin my morning coffee  Brigi do u wanna have one too?  where are u? still sleepin or what? :O
gonna miss my hubby  eventhough for a day!
I'm gonna have a nice day! I love him 
SO tired &amp; tomorrow's gonna be a busy day. I'm going to bed, good night. 
its gonna be a weekend full of rest 
@fiquesunny keyh..u too..takecare..~ gonna miss our chating for the whole weekend... 
gonna have dinner with the girls. chikka time! 
off to scotland tomorrow, can't wait  gonna be beautiful (L)
parents out, gonna watch meet the fockers. good night planned  netball tomorrow! xox
ugh. my eyes hurt, i think i've watched too many episodes today. haha! gonna rest for a while, try to be back later 
happy friday to all of my early morning tweetie pies .... today is gonna be a good day... I can feel it 
Going to the gym!  I'm gonna get at least 800 cal/hr today 
@_chandu haan .. 5 days .. waise ab to weekend class bhi hote hai .. so 7 days 
tonight is gonna to be soooo great!!  we the kings and hey monday!! &lt;3 quite annoyed that i cant stay at rosies house after though 
at work .....gonna have a good day  
gonna catch night at e museum later 
Its gonna be a nice day, again 
fun night!  it's gonna be a long day todayyyy
Switching to tmobile 2day prob not gonna get the phone i wanted but still itll be new! 
i'm off to cannes now. they wanna shoot there for like two hours.wtf?aha whatever. well atleast i'll be home at 7pm.  it's all good
has a cheese and pickle toastie  gonna update so much today!
Waking up on the first day of summer!  this is gonna be the shit... Lol
@Nadds so far it's awesometastic - gonna try and hold it there all day! 
gonna hit the sack. reading S&amp;E chap15 tomorrow. and maybe heading to yala in the afternoon. 
@markhoppus what day are you gonna be on kimmel?? 
its friday...alot to do but i have faith that its gonna be a good day.  i love him!!!
one more day! but i am not feeling well! noooooo! fill myself with drugs to get me feeling well na lang. 
&quot;there isn't even enough time for love, so what does that leave for hate?&quot; happeee friday!  it's gonna be a long buzzed weekend! 
@Midficial No plans as of yet.. Just gonna relax hopefully 
Graduation rehearsal - it's gonna be a long day 
eating lunch at home before heading out to lake...gonna ride bikes with bryan 
@thomasfiss well ur gonna be up all night. I suggest going to ur gate or front foor &amp; checking out what @TiffyNiffy left u! 
I really don't wanna go to work tomorrow, just in case you didn't know that already 
I think its gonna b a late night...I cant go to sleep   fuhub...only time will tell 
@NIYANA i miss you too! we're pissed that we're gonna miss the show! lol.. i'm coming to chicago in about 2 weeks! guess i'll see u then! 
@Zorlone so it only showed the visits from around 7:30 pm yesterday up to this morning.. my time, not yours..hehe haaay..hindi na masama 
Getting ready for work...gonna be another long day. 
@emmaisaninja I'm gonna do that tomorrow 
just got done doing my gay science project. now im gonna go take my sleepy time pills and go to bed. night 
Watching spencer baseball game online  gonna be a long night
had a perty good day... went to 2 graduations... they were both fun! &amp; tomorrow is gonna be great! text me! goodnight people! 
bout to go to bed,exams in the morning wich i know im gonna fail,then packin my stuff for the move 
I'm gonna dance the night away  who's innn?!
so i wanna shower but at the same time, i dont have school tomorrow so i wanna stay up today 
@Triplebeamsheme hey you! I wanna see those blazing beams shining through the evening sky! 
working......it's gonna be a sorcher today 
sigh.. I'm poop'd~ x0 its gonna be a very long but hopefully exciting weekend! 
it's friday  gonna go force myself to study homework for my test on monday. uggh! i just remembered the assignment. not cool. so not cool.
@Thaliaboo i'm hoping there's gonna be some meat tonight... 
HOPEFULLY my last SoundScape rehearsal is in 6 hours and 5 minutes. I'm sure gonna miss it.....minus the 6 in the morning part 
My class schedule next semester is gonna be ahhmazing! 
looks like it's gonna be a hot one this afternoon... glad I'm not working! 
Up was amazing.  I love my brothers.. This is gonna be a great summer. 
just got back from shopping. pretty good day. and toris party tonight. gonna get messy 
i know that da day which wake up da power in u will come 
Looks like it's gonna be a sunny weekend ! 
TGIF snitches!!....kids acting chill...its payday...keyshia/keri concert tonight..doubled up on excedrin. today is gonna be a good day! 
