Most common words for this cluster:
[('na', 631), ('gon', 628), ('miss', 95), ('today', 79), ('day', 79), ('tomorrow', 60), ('work', 54), ('night', 47), ('watch', 43), ('home', 39), ('get', 38), ('time', 36)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Gon', 0.9426214098930359), (u'Ya', 0.6101840734481812), (u'Domo_Arigato', 0.5946211814880371), (u'Dat', 0.5626457929611206), (u'uuu', 0.5569458603858948), (u'gon', 0.5559760928153992), (u'Yo', 0.5543735027313232), (u'Diddly', 0.5542565584182739), (u'leeze', 0.5528233647346497), (u'Paano', 0.5519237518310547)]





Got a really bad throat  Gonna see if we've got any yoghurt in.
Sick at work  took Monday off... Gonna take tomorrow off.
Up early because of school, only worked out for 35 minutes this morning... Gonna be in VNC all day until my evening class lets out. 
I was excited @ getting back nto the studio 2 record this weekend, but now I gotta check out a band instead. Gonna miss my Winna's sess 2 
My contacts have been bugging me all night. Ugh. Gonna watch csi. It's glasses day tomorrow. 
Gonna go make my sister eat. Had bad dreams about her, my nephew, and mom. Obviously stressed. 
@Adri_Gon miss you roomie 
Feels so right to be beside her. Wish I could hold her. Gonna have to leave soon 
Feel tired &amp; hopeless, wanna crawl back in2 bed &amp; sleep  ZzZzZ, Gonna finish up some homework first tho! haha, I hope this week goes fast!
Gonna sit outside &amp; read more of my book with some chocolate! Diet starts tomorrow though :S Killed a bumblebee by accident. I feel awful 
Well, that was 30 mins of solid work on my sewing machine!! Its a 1930's Singer so my arm is now hurting   Gonna watch Shipwrecked!
Down to the last few flakes of meds and 6 weeks to go till harvest.  Gonna be a LONG 6 weeks.
Gonna head out to eat some Korean BBQ... sucks some of my favorite peeps won't be able to make it. 
Stayed up all night trying to motivate myself to work and finally getting a few things done. Gonna catch a few Zzz before groups meetings 
Gonna be a great message at NorthPoint today but I couldn't find my journal this morning. 
Gonna clean up my studentroom. It's a mess! I already miss home... Don't wanna go back to school tomorrow 
Been stung  blah. Gonna watch a film or sumit tonight, cba with onlineness. Ciao
Gonna be another sleepless nite for me if @girisrini does not answer his phone. Am not comfortable at all......!!!!   @girisrini pls ans
Goin back to cali. Gonna miss the laker game 
Gonna be taking my hangover to The Office shortly. Ughhh 
Gonna try to fall asleep again. Can't imagine not sleeping tonight. 
Well good morning to all. Gonna tryout this thing called productivity today... I aplogize if you become ignorance deprived 
Gonna be on the road to Hull in a bit for Aquarium. I missed 2nd half of Traffic Cops 
It's another early night. Fefe crashed early, I got a good session in with GFII. Gonna read the Army of Two manual then call it a night. 
Gonna attempt to leave my phone in living room on charger and go to sleep alone.  wish me luck!! Night everybody and their momma!!
Gonna make some soup now and start homework! I feel like watching American Idol though...boohoo  its not on lol
Just realized Sara is flying back to Curacao today  Gonna miss her so badly! *Going Spoiler Free is freaking hard!*
Gonna miss out on some of the DC fun cause I'm leaving for the bday party 
Gonna go SHOPPING  the weather SUCKS today 
Bored, lonely, depressed, headachey, low energy today.  Gonna be hard to keep myself from quiting my workout early - again. 
Soo the movie chinatown was kinda boring. I'm disappointed.  now i'm just listening to music getting ready for bed. Gonna pray for mic ...
Just got home with Hay to a sleepy quiet house.. Gonna catch up on my Dodger highlights,  I missed tonights game 
haha, amazing last Saturday night in Monads. Gonna miss everyone so much 
Just got home from an eventful evening. Loaded with assessments.. Gonna be a busy week. Swim training commences tomorrow morning 
Goodmorning! It's Sundaymorning in Holland..and the weather is really bad.. its raining!!    Gonna make little chocolate cupcakes today!
http://tinyurl.com/c6d3mv :X Oh gosh  Gonna die because of this guy soon
Championship final day! Makes me remember football season's finishing.  Gonna try and finish my History today but such lovely weather!
@TheBingeroso Hi it's TheyRock ! Hope you're well. Go back to school tomorrow  Gonna miss my bed lol
Well babe just left for work  now at the hotel alone. Gonna get some more sleep now
Just waking up... Didn't sleep well  feeling mixed emotions today. Gonna start packing &amp; finish up my take home trig test~ so not excited
Fun times last nite, but payin 4 it 2day... Could barely stay awake in church.   Gonna clean up apt, work on a few projects, then chill.
Ugh, The Waltons disc is scratched &amp; won't play.  Gonna have to get a new copy from Netflix, so it'll be a few days before new JEH caps. 
Moved Kristinas belongings after work today... Gonna miss her  Already do.
Guess I'll finally go to bed.  Was suppose to do that a few hours ago   Gonna be tired tomorrow!
Gonna get ready for bed. Have a funeral to go to in the morning. 
Mornin. Last day of the long weekend  Gonna make the most of it.
Countng the days untill my departure.....Gonna miss the Roomie &amp; friends.....NC all together 
Counting down the days untill my departure.....Gonna miss the Roomie &amp; friends.....NC all together 
Ok, so I still haven't been 2 bed, so I'm obviously not finished my work here. Gonna have 2 take a later flight home 
@cimota ta very much. My hacked up phpbb2 install ain't fighting the spam any more  Gonna move it to phpbb3...
Sigh. Plane is packed with schoolkids. Gonna be a noisy flight &amp; couldn't get upgrade 
Headin to school. Gonna miss mah best friend today 
Going back to Sheffield today. Gonna miss family time but really need to get my study head on ready for exams  #fb
Gonna dye my hair plain blackk  Shit school U_U
Gonna go see the &quot; Family &quot; In Rome...man I hate goodbyes 
Gonna miss my dog so much,R.I.P Toby 
Gonna have lunch with my girls then review class after. Boo 
Sick to my stomach. Ewwwww. Gonna throw up.  &lt;|i &lt;3 my pimp||&gt;
Time for a shower then off to do battle on the M40. Gonna be another hectic day 
Signing off. Gonna watch EB then go down again 
OMFG Lost makes me think now. 2010 is next season of lost  FAWKKK. Gonna take awhile.
Uttered my 6th &quot;shut up&quot; for this year. Kids' behavior is getting worse these days. Gonna need patience for the end of the day. 
Went to the mall w/ judy. Gonna watch bride wars all by my lonesome self 
Had fun at the track and the party. I hate fighting  Gonna go to sleep.
internet going terribly slow today  Gonna read a bit Clive Cussler
Headin' back to Cali...Gonna miss NY 
Gotta go...Won't be able to log on 4 atleast a week...Gonna miss Twiter! 
Sprained my ankle playing footy  Gonna be getting my limp on tomorrow me thinks
Gettn ready to take Pooch to the airport in a few for his trip to NY for 106nPark and upfronts! Gonna miss U daddy   have fun @ BET luv u
Aw we're leaving disneyland.  but it was so fun! It was my first time theree. Aha. Gonna go eat and then v &amp; z's house, but then homeee.
Gonna read for a bit before i have to go to School 
Morning/evening all. Having to work in 2different schools today &amp; for whole day. Gonna be a bit grumpy when I get home 
Falling asleep as I write out a cheat card 4 Algebra... I'm on the verge of bein done... by &quot;done&quot;... I mean halfway there  I'm Gonna cry!
Just dropped Jerry off. Gonna miss him for the 10 days he's gone  but we had a blast golfing.... Except for the course Nazi, LOL!
Gonna have to do real life now  Damn it &gt;_&lt;
Shocked at how much Chicago weather has cooled down from 92 degrees this afternoon. Gonna be rain this weekend = muddy trails = no biking 
Morning Tweeps still feeling a little sick today  Gonna have a realxing day today I think.
I lied again.  I was talking about Adam again. Gonna check iTunes then am really out of here.
Omg! Gonna need a swim after this. Bloody hills 
Gonna go clean the shower soon!    Wish me luck! I HATE cleaning the shower! 
Dammit, went out to town and missed my mixing console being delivered  Gonna try to collect it later and get stuff setup. Still need a job
Last night was beyond epic. Just seriously amazing. Gonna miss everyone so much!  Wish we werent leaving now... love them hugely!
@Elena  I'm trying to make a slideshow editor with it. Gonna be though  Especially because I'm trying to use music with it as well :$
@sociaIIyawkward Just getting started. Gonna be doing a lot of running in and out today 
@Twigsta Gonna be a busy couple of weeks! Booo 
HI Clemmy   Gonna Hate Calling U Mr Gonzalez 
is driving around in a very new Alfa 159... &quot;very nice&quot;! I want one! Gonna head back onto the road now, gotta give it back this arvo 
Tomorrow is already wed!!! boy do i love 3 day weekends! Gonna be lonely with cherice and robby gone till fri tho 
Gonna do some reading, then hit the hay, back to work tomorrow! Boooo! 
Tomorrow: going to Salem to visit my bro. Gonna have to DVR the #lakers/#nuggets game.  saaaaad.
Chillin at beau's parents. Gonna miss her while she's gone. 
Homerun.    Bad start.  Gonna shake it off.  Next pitch:  fastball.
has a horrible stomach ache. Great Gonna be yet another horrible night. If only my baby were here to hold me. 
@megturney well I ran out of beer so I left. Not sure about the ETA. Waiting waiting waiting. Bleh  Gonna be a long nite methinks.
Gonna go watch Shorty Street &amp; then prison break marathon then bed maybe. Nobodies texting me! 
@brandillio that would be most ideal. However...now I dont see myself leaving before 3  Gonna have to take a rain check
Gonna go and see my sister at Mount Saini ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours.
Gonna go and see my sister at Mount Sinai ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours.
Gonna nap n chill then probably go to the movie later. Ugh i have a headache this sux ass. Cloudy day too 
@Don_J i soo dont wanna work tmrw!  ...only on a half day tho so hopefully the sun will stay out for me! Gonna go get showered, tweet l8rs
Back from the gym, just checkin' email. Gonna go watch an old movie or something. It's a little cool out to sit outside and read! 
In Yucaipa. Gonna watch the game alone or what 
so bored  Gonna go to the Carnival and get an all day pass tomorrow. Excited for that, but very bored today.
Going out to Miranda shopping centre to spend time with the family, before going away for 2 weeks to Malaysia. Gonna miss them! 
Missed the cutoff date 4 cheap tickets 2 Texas Hill Fest!  Didn't realize how expensive it was. Gonna have to do some serious budgetting!
Thought I had 2 suitcases, but alas, only 1  Gonna have to buy another before I leave. Boo~
Bored!! Nothing on TV, can't write on Melo bc its too much work with my poor finger.   I should clean but mehhh.  Gonna buy paint 2morrow!
Gonna try and get some sleep now. Got work in 5 hrs. 
Pinky Lee the puppy is now at his 4ever home. Gonna miss the little guy.  
Movie night in my living room with a &quot;blast from the past&quot; tonight. Gonna get into some trouble? Ut-oh. It would hurt my feelings... 
Neighbors across the street moved out  but they gave us an epic, like-new Char-Broil gas grill. Gonna miss u! http://bit.ly/11qNcc
A little sad over Jay Lenos last tonight show  Gonna stay in. No craziness or debauchery for me tonight. I feel empty for some reason
@eyewitnessnyc Cwap!  There goes Manhattan traffic.    Gonna have to turn down some work. Not torturing myself by driving through that.
Had a super long day. Gonna crash right now. Another long day tomorrow 
Working all bank holiday weekend. Best weather of the year. Gonna be sooooooooo quiet. 
@ladyloki all been taken care of. Gonna have sleep tho. Feel poo.Bloody summer heat dunt help either  Waah
I have exams all this week and next  Gonna go get some History revision done, 1900-1949 galore!! (this may kill me)
Morning y'all! Gonna send some old pics to a friend, then get ready to take the cars in for oil changes. Fun. 
On the treadmill! Woo hoo!! Gonna get skinny. But oh no, I'm now one of this people at the gym who must tweet while working out! 
Gonna be in the studio all day recording &quot;yell on every track&quot; style rap while you all enjoy 80 degrees. Bummed 
Soooo tired  on my way to work. Gonna be a long day of double shifts!!!
No is morning!  Time to head to work.  Gonna need loads of coffee today!
Partaaaaayyy 2nite!! 21st then headin to Smiths! (good times)                              Gonna miss britains got talent!!   (bad times)
Forgot my goodnight moon. Gonna say it now. These pills make me sick. 
Enjoying myself at home. BBQ with the bf's fam today! Gonna be sad to head home tomorrow 
Longest line at starbucks. Ugh. Gonna be late for work 
Champs in the sun,alwys fun! 1/2 the fam on a flight 2Milan, wana go bt can't  Drivin Benzino 4a wk tho ;-D Gonna hed out,go c wats gud x
@remodelthislife Good to know. Gonna start checking out all those areas later this summer.  Thx. 
Load of laundry... Gonna go to sleep then pack in the morning. 
What a great day. Great ppl. Gonna miss those not going to truman 
@Dj_Nina_Stakz  Dangit man! That is some bull! lol u gonna have 2 check out my show. Gonna do the best to my abilities. lol
Tay's got another swim meet. It's an all day affair! Gonna miss the sun! Boo hoo.... 
I'm bored  Gonna buy a dress after lunch and spend some time with emma before she goes to Cyprus tomorrow =( XX
NYC to move my Anna in for the Summer...Gonna miss herrrr 
Gonna go study biostatistics now!!!!  Got so many things not done yet!!
I have to work today... Gonna miss a great day at CT.. 
Gonna be another hot nasty day. Doing work in the yard today 
working 12-6:30. Gonna miss the Tigers game AND is getting sick 
Gonna sit in the sun and do homework. I feel lost without my ipod, Need to go get it today. 
The weather is SO nice out and I'm at the airport booooo  Had a great time in NY!! Gonna miss you all!!! And I miss him already ::cries::
The weather is SO nice out and I'm at the airport booooo  Had a great time in NY!! Gonna miss you all!!! But I shall see you VERY soon LOL
I blew up my CD/radio player today  There really are NO safe electronics around me, LOL. Gonna get another 1 today. This will be 15. ;-)
Gorgeous day in NYC! Gonna lay outside &amp; learn a script for short film audition 2mrw..but I'm scared! Not sure I'm ready for this one yet 
Wow Im so sunburnt it aint funny, I hardly slept last night. Gonna get to bed asap 2nite, catch up before the school run in the morning 
Half term over now  Gonna finish my homework then the rest of the night is mine to enjoy 
Goodmorning world! Gotta go home today  Gonna miss this weekend heaps!
Gonna have to go to bed. School tomorrow 
back yard mowed, trimmed, and aspens pruned for the season....Gonna go meet my brother for dinner before he heads to Baltimore.  
I have a headache  Gonna take a shower, pack my bag for the zoo tomorrow. ewww, I have practice tomorrow. Great.
Gonna watch Film and Go sleep- I am not well at all atm   Seeing doctor tomorrow. Until then, painkillers!!
Flight delayed 6 hours. Looking at a 530am Cleveland arrival. Gonna fry my day off tomorrow 
Finally watched the hills finale! Soooooo sad!!!!! Gonna miss Lauren, it's not going to be the same without her 
Ok done watching all my recordings. Gonna go fold and put up my last load of clothes &amp; then get ready for bed. Tomorrow is school. 
I didn't realize the time  still designing. Gonna call it a night sooooon. Got work!?!
Loved kristen at the MTV awards *-drops award- &quot;I was just about as awkward as you thought I was Gonna be. Bye&quot; poor thing  sill love her
3:53A.M.EST and I'm finally packing for my 6am train. Gonna miss Twittering... 
Gonna nap n dream of ways to make quick $$ legally so i can afford 2fly 2 Oz 4 @NKOTB concert.  any1 wanna donate?
Crap. Left the library book &amp; dvd sitting in the car. Gonna have to put on clothes to go get them. 
Gonna have a fag then gotta do some cleaning :/ didn't get away not cutting grass for long gotta do it today  or my iPod goes :@:@:@
LGA security is crazy busy this morning. Gonna be awhile here. 
@sampan22 I'm good hun!! U??? IVF is finished..It didn't work!!  It's all good though..Gonna go on my hols..Then get a job!! Cont:
Back from my walk.  It's a gorgeous morning, but I wore the wrong shoes.  Gonna have blisters.... 
Gonna shut down the PC nao. Be back tomorrow. Aww  Last week of summer. 
@islesrebelangel I think I may get one next paycheck...I miss my Wiz   Gonna get him and Eager...possibly Barker as well...
Gonna to buy books for class tomorrow then closing the Cheese... all alone 
@strawbrykiwi Can't use it for non-work purposes.  Gonna ask a coworker in a min.
Gonna watch a movie, dunno wich.. missing my BF again 
Making dinner with Wendy. Gonna miss her next week. 
Lil bit of good news, lil bit of bad news. Gonna have work together &amp; make some lemonade. Think we're gettin 7400 sq ft NOT 14000 sq ft 
About to board plane to SG.. thank goodness for lcct wifi! Gonna miss malaysia 
Im tired!! Gonna b another hot day tomorrow... Got the dentist though 
@ericssan I lost my ID card..Gonna have to go to MOM to re-issue it today  Wanted to spend the day playing SIms 3 T_T
In The Hague right now, going to apply for a job. Gonna stop at Central station on my way back though, haven't had coffee yet 
@tc2866 Youre right Tommy! We are bein fooled into thinking we actually live in a hot country! haha Gonna be gutted when rain comes back! 
@josette_dlc Read your YM status. I miss Gon too  Especially when I saw yours and Jess' display pics!
I can't imagine life without Battlestar.  Gonna have to savour those last three episodes. *sigh*
Heading to the 'Lou today for business. Gonna miss Momma and Emma. 
Awards ceremony today. Took home a big bundle. Gonna miss my friends. 
Omg that was exhausting. I need a nap &amp; silence. But i'll get neither: it's dismissal time. Gonna be a cranky afternoon 
Thought this winter would be quiet on gaming front. Doesn't look like that anymore with everything coming from E3 now. Gonna be broke 
Tonight is my son's football night.  First game of the summer league season.  Gonna be a late one.  Another no-RN night.  
Gonna leave blore in some hours. Not yet out of Kodagu hangover. Elephant chase @ nhole is still haunting.  
Toli movin out today  so sudden... Gonna miss her lots :'(
Gonna get out of bed and see da world... My ears are still sore from da plane vibes  tweet later @rhettroberts
Leaving King's X now... Gonna be a looooong ride 
Today is not my day. One of my beloved pets died last night.  Gonna miss you Nick.
@bluetooth13 Your grandma is not cool. She keeping them all.  Where's her twitter account? Gonna ask her for that.
 it's d-dayyy! Gonna be listening to  that head automatica song all dayyy. Too bad I'm still sick 
@theBsideOFme @LaBarceloneta @PsycheDiver Thanks.  Gonna be a hard day.  
Game 4th in my second touney after losing it on the flop  Gonna raise the stakes now in my 3rd tourney, 25k
Stayed home from work cause I was sick earlier. Gonna call teachers and ortho and switch stuff around now. I'm tired 
Can't get an A*  - Gonna try prove em wrong and work my butt off next year!
@nikki_lopez Shall have my phone with me so i'll be popping in at some point. Gonna be heavy rain 2moro so not impressed with that either 
rt @KaewGB: Disappointed with a low-performance me tonight.  Gonna work harder tomorrow.
Back to the hell hole on monday... Gonna be a big fith year... It really sucks 
It's raining outside    Gonna sit and watch TV for the whole night!! lol LAZY   Miss my babe sooo much!! LoveYou Kal!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
::sigh:: so many fun challenges at SUN and no time to scrap.    Gonna make time tonight whether it kills me!
@davynathan Hey Davy!  Gonna have to watch the archive of the live thing u just did. Work computer won't let me see it live..  
My Ipod isn't broken anymore&lt;3 I will now watch a movie. I dunno what to do tomorrow  Gonna stay up late, i guess :3
Gonna make some food, Don't know what to make 
Gonna miss the Hubby this weekend, he has military duty 
Finally home!!! Im super tired!!! Gonna watch a movie wit my lover (@neyda_88) hehe then sleep i gotta work tomorrow 
Life is boring tonight.  Gonna play ~fLaRe~ (my bass) and see what else happens. Maybe I could fly acrossed the moon???
Ahh, I didn't think I'd cry, but I did  Gonna miss ppl, even those I'll see in Sept! Not really in the mood to socialize w/others now.
Time for work not looking forward to it! Gonna be along day!  help!!!!
Gonna try 2 sleep. Damn GarageBand next to me won't let me tho 
It is way past my bedtime. Lily will be up at 5 AM ready for a bottle and attention. Gonna be tired in the morning 
@DevonIain Raining now      Gonna go to Totnes and do some shopping.
Lost the toss, we're fielding. Gonna be a long afternoon 
At work!! Gonna lay out today if it gets more sunny! Trying to carmelize... Cotton mouth anyone? Yes right here!! 
~ Bella decided this Saturday starts @ 730am   Gonna study to then head out w/the kiddos and enjoy this beautiful day. Still miss my hubby
Off to the Aardvark for the footie in a bit. Gonna have to jump on a bus cos of the rain. I hate catching buses 
How @SophiaF3F3 Gon Dip WeN I ScREaM @ Ha! U SuCk! 
back from the mall with @ZGarsidex and Diala. Gonna miss you so much Diala, cant believe your leaving me!! 
Rain in the forecast again  Where the hell is summer damn it ? Staying in 2 today  Gonna do ALL my laundry and it's  alot trust me ...
Well, my quick fix on the toilet tank wasn't a quick fix.  Gonna have to save a little while and call in a professional 
Gonna miss the JSC chili cookoff 
http://twitpic.com/6rwkh - Hubby all packed and ready for road trip to Montreal. Gonna miss him. 
Gonna get the shoes online. Didn't buy anything, thays a first 
@kikiloumer oh yeah, I never got tickets!  Gonna buy them from Ebay when I got the cash... Would you go see them again?
Klara is about to leave  gonna be so weird! Gonna be a tear jerker.
Might have a broken Elbow. Gonna be so mad if I have to wear a cast with my graduation dress! 
@Randolf18 Gonna have to get DvdFab from you again lmao. Got deleted from my comp 
Gonna watch I Am Legend, I heard it's excellent but I stayed away bc I know something happens to the dog   Here we go...
Was supposed to go Gardens' Fantasie today but Kekenut CMI  Gonna stay at home and work on my $600 project. Yay to portfolio and moolahs!
@C_Dunkley Right back at you babe. Gonna miss you tomorrow  Pour out some juice on the carpet in my name haha jks!!
At Roe.... Not feeling it  Gonna head over to Habanos!
Had a nice dinner at assaggio! Gonna miss jan n lu at wo next week 
Cant think of a better way to start my summer. @jessheartsmusic quince was priceless. Gonna miss those practices tho 
Gonna go horseridng now. Fabius is kinda ill though. 
Am waiting... Gonna miss the fun i had in bintulu 
@Patinyorks Gonna join you on the work front... no time left for procrastination. Time to pull my head out of the sand methinks? 
Gonna freshen up and hop online in a bit to video chat with family. Haven't seen em online in ages! Miss em all. 
O crap forgot the French Open was on! Gonna watch a bit of that but prob won't have time to watch all 
@rmking4  I can't get the fricking Joey video from Thurs to Load... I want you to see it... waaaaaa Gonna try something else. (and thx)
Gonna watch &quot;Yes Man&quot; with my family. They already started it so it's in the middle 
Not going to Pride today. Gonna miss all my gaymos 
Chris is gone  Gonna watch the Soup for some laughs.
Gonna get my hair washed n blown at noon for 2 castings. Hope they won't stop loving me cos my hair is short. 
Finished babysitting early. It's soo hot out  Gonna go home, get ready, and head down for some Marlins-Giants action!!
Omg, it's already twelve?! And I'm still sitting in my pjs  Gonna get ready and then make some food
The Fuel stream keeps freezing on me  Gonna restart &amp; hope that solves the problem! Can't be doing that during Jeremy Camp!!
 super worried. Gonna go visit Nick in the hospital soon.
Getting ready to head home to Hanford. Gonna be a long drive. 
BTW- I've managed to stick to my  &quot;no grocery shopping&quot; plan! but i haven't blogged as promised  Gonna fix that this week!
Didn't realize I'd be home this late. Cleaning and prepping for my last few weeks  Gonna miss ya kiddos!
FINISHED DANCE!!  Gonna miss everyone! BBQ tomorrow! &lt;3 exams tomorrow...
Heading out. Great show, liked JA even though I've never heard them before. NIN really delivered. Gonna miss Reznor 
@PoisonGirl10 Gonna go take a bath in a few minutes, and then i will get on AIM if you're still here, but I have to get up at 5am 
is going to bed.  Gotta be up early tomorrow.  Gonna be out until 8:30 PM 
@troykids Gonna have to sign off earlier than I wanted.  Bummer.
Gonna try to sleep now... Doubt it will happen   #squarespace
Goooooooooood morning world. Gonna meet up dearest Amy today and... revissssssseeeeeeee  ...meant to be leaving in 15, but i just woke...
Said goodbye to @nhrb. Gonna miss you  on the bus looking at manchester lovingly and saying my farewells in my head.
@LaniNicole Sadly, no...  I can't wait to get back though. Gonna tear it up and shut it down!
Got my pc back--everything is gone   Gonna be busy reloading it--ughh!!
Gonna go soon try out my new golf stuff!!^^ Poor dad... I cost him lots of money.. 
Gonna take a nap for a while. My brain is already tired.  lol
Gonna have an hour on the Sims 3 and then go to sleep - I'm actually exhausted 
@londonsays Was playin sf4. Gonna relax for a bit. Got work lata. U neva hit me on bbm 
Dang it... Monkey got Liger sick,,, Gonna be a long day. I should be broke by the end of it. Nice knowing you guys... 
Gonna take a short nap before the next game. Still can't get over the Egyptian loss 
Mmmm just ate amazing Mex food! Gonna walk around the crazy UFO areas!!! Miss my Zak baby!!! 
The day was srsly Tiring. it was TOO much  Gonna sleep now.
Gonna go to boot camp without Megan 
Gonna take a nap (if this *!&amp;# phone doesn't stops ringing)!  Have to work tonight.    Aww well.... gotta earn that money!  LOL
Gonna lay in bed til Chris gets home instead of cleaning. Feel like I'm gonna puke or have been. Hopefully it's a 24 hr thing only. 
Worked out hard today. Gonna be sore tomorrow 
Gonna go to bed now, all hungry  That sucks! Well anyways, hope I get up in time tomorrow. ILY!
@Gingernyc Hi! 3 at the moment I think, which isnt bad after -3 yester  Gonna get it to a 5 by working on the book I have already started!
Full steam ahead... After tonight. Gonna send adik home in a while. 
McDonald's left out my hashbrown this morning. Gonna be a bad day. 
Babysitting got cancelled cuz the youngest is sick  Moved to tomorrow if she's feeling better. Now that I'm awake and free... Gonna get a
Almost fell down the stairs haha! Gonna get a buspass, sucks to have lost my OV  oh well!
Cake and sweets in biology! Gonna miss it! 
Ergh.. Gonna be taking to english classes 
Gonna run home for lunch &amp; suffer through DOOL!! 
Morning my Twitt Peeps! Gonna gonna go take a nice shower. It's such a beautiful day out today. Still kinda sad though 
Gym 2day for boxing class!  Oh no, didn't drink my turbo tea first.. Gonna be tiiiiired! 
Slept in way too late! Gonna spend a good amount of time doing HW rite now and have a late night at work  But ill get to see @dominospete!
Woo! School's out! Gonna do some CP Mission guides soon. First, homework! 
Gonna venture downstairs to begin the sewing of B's Halloween costume. Boy, I hope I don't mess it up. I fear zippers though! 
Two weeks till take off to go to sunny Telford. Gonna miss all my buddys 
Vern's leaving for Chi-town fridayyayayay  Gonna be so bored!
Gonna miss Gerardo next week 
Damn. Gonna miss RRS by one day! 
Gonna start Manhunt 2. I hope this scares the crap out of me but it probably won't 
is tryin to prepare myself for 1 hard &quot;good-bye&quot;. Gonna miss my Bry!!  
@jordanknight Gonna be 10th row in tdot,no MG  I was really hoping u could give me my birthday spankings ;) wahooo,on stage if u have to!
Gonna study downstairs with no internet, tv or music today. Was just abt to turn on the tv lol. 8 hrs to go! Until sleep 
Ok folks...heading to bed. Tom morning my son goes to spend time with his dad for the summer. I Need to go snuggle him. Gonna miss him 
Reminiscing while watching Trace Adkins sing You're Gonna Miss This. 
@ThandzH Im severely jealous about the Loubs  checked out the artist you recommended, he's interesting! Gonna mail you tonight babe MWAH*
No, it's not true! ...  http://img.ly/Zy  Gonna have to wait 'til after work to get 3.0 now 
Boooo i hav to report tmrw. I was jst in the other side of town too. Blahs... Gonna sleep now gotta get up early. 
Going to bed with the most wonderful boyfriend ever. Gonna miss him when I leave for AZ this summer   nighty night!
Gonna take my ass to bed its gonna be a long and borin ass day miss my baby already and its only been one day           *Imma Sucka 4 Luv*
Gonna finish watchin Australia's NTM. then on to washing dishes  whos havin more fun than me today?fill me in xxx
Fell asleep studying last night.. Gonna fail this history exam 
Gonna leave home now. Loads to read for MBA exams 
God!! I met 2 weird strangers today. WTF. I miss baby..  Gonna cook maggie now. If only baby was hereee~ 
Gonna workout early, shower, Dr's appointment, then get ready for garage sale.   Not my favorite thing to do! But, my bride &quot;says so&quot;. lol
Got school tommorow  . .  Gonna sleep for the rest of the night
Got up at 5:45 to work out and all of the machines in the hotel are busy...   Gonna try again shortly...
2 more sleeps to the getaway plan! Omg. Gonna mis noki when she leaves for her sth american travel 
@partylizzard @kteacher_red love you both too.  So glad we found you guys! Gonna be hard ( and quiet) with everyone gone to Mexico.  
boringg dayyyyyy. Sweet 16 Tomorrow ;D lol not mine though  Gonna be amazinggggggg
Tomorrow's project: work with some ephedra powder. Yikes! Gonna have to wear a particulate mask. 
Gonna go to wizzork and close the store with just Brianne 
first day back to world after sick for 5 days. Can i go home yet? Gonna be lots of catchup to do. Yeck  
IS EXCITED..Gonna see the BF in 2 daaaaaays! I haven't seen him in 10 days 
My parade just got rained on. Gonna play some [PROTOTYPE] to get my mind off of things. 
Packing up stuff to go home !   Gonna miss CET !
@sweetu4ria Gonna b in Chicago all 3 days to see my favorite men! The weather has gotten warmer but its been raining 2 much. 
Gonna go....do something.  I dunno.  Life is boring, yo.  
So sleepy  up at 8 this morning, blah! Screw the noises from my bathroom! Gonna hit the mall today ayayayaayy finally ;D
On my way to Lincoln. Gonna miss @tinoforever so fucking much.. Tears already  &lt;33333333
Trying to hang my tv wall mount. Keyword: trying. Gonna be a long night.     No powertools. 
Gonna relax a bit. So hectic. So much for cleaning my room ughh 
Just said goodbye to one of my BEST Friends, she's leaving NZ for over 2 months. Gonna miss her BIGTIME, I hope time goes quickly ! 
Soo it's almost twelve thirty.. Gonna pull an all-nighter and finish the braids... Ugh my fingers hurt 
Cleaning my room ;-) Moving out today ;-) .. Gonna miss it  ..
@worldpartyday Okay! @worldpartyday gets 2 lick the cake batter bowl! Gonna have 2 make new cake batter tho cuz the old 1's n the sink! 
@Asgardian2 Yeah we're okay.  Just got home.  Totally lame.  Gonna have some fun pics to post later today of the crash.  Stupid cab. 
Oh Crap! Just realized that I don't have UTVi on the channel list either. Gonna miss the show at 10:30 today 
Gonna be an epic morning... @AndrewWK on The 404 and the 1000th Episode BOLnanza on BOL... Now if only I could wake up on time. 
Mom goes home today... boo!  Gonna be at least I year before I get to hang out with her again... more boo!  
Half a day at school. Gonna miss all of you. ily&lt;3 Also going 2 cry.... 
Ahh shit.. Gonna be late for work. Blew a flat half way across town  walking my bike home now..
Gonna do wine this evening or maybe even some Corona! Seriously need to just chill out and breathe! Stress tomorrow!! 
Crazy day ahead!! Gonna miss the sunshine 
I'm on my plane to India ! Gonna miss alot of people 
Last 2 hours have been FUCKING terrifying..  Gonna try and wind down now.
in boston on a bus in the middle of an intersection with lots of honking. Joy we just ran a red light! Gonna miss my train  stupid rain
@jjjulia haha i gotchu Manderz. You &amp; Branderz have hella fun too while I'm gone. Gonna miss you both 
On my way home from Grant. Gonna miss the softball game tonight. 
Gonna watch the last episode of Big Bang Theory season 2, damn I love that show. Wish it wasn't going 
Had a great lunch with my BFF. Gonna miss her when she leaves 
Gonna take Brooke to the DR for her lip now 
Wut da fug. Why is the weather so gross? Sister's leavin' to Chi-town tomahrow  Booo. Gonna be so bored for the next month. Nahtttt.
Have to now write a really nice thanks &amp; goodbye letter to my son's TA at school. Gonna cry  I don't want to do it...
Need to do work but i'm so effing tired.. We need our damn bed at the new place. Gonna nap on the closet floor..  sigh.
Gonna have to sacrifice something graphically so the gameplay isn't affected. Sorry guys 
Gonna have a hard time sleeping without the beau here.  He's in NC. Kitties are a decent but lacking replacement.
Gonna try to get some sleep. Have a feeling its gonna be a long nite the way my mind is racing...  
Just about ready to go work  Gonna work out how to send out TTR2 challenges when I get home (if i can work out my tapulous profile)
Gonna go to bed.  This is simply because I must get up at 8 tomorrow morning.  BAH.  It's already 2 AM.  &lt;3     &lt;---lol
Took one of the cats (Kipling) to the vet this morning to have a wobbly tooth removed. Gonna be worrying about him all morning. 
Mom said that i can suck cock and she won't give me money!  Money come money go.Gonna stay home and my g-friends don't call me.
Feeling horrid.  got no sleep. B didn't want to let me sleep. Staying home. Gonna check emails, send a couple and go to sleep
Omg just woke up and throat is killing me! Gonna yet to back to sleep 
No pbp for me today  Gonna check it out later though.. BTW I hate these stupid game shows on TV.. Does anyone even watch them?
Gonna try out for Baybeats Photographer thing, doubt I'll make it though 
Gonna try out for Baybeats Photographer thing, doubt I'll be cut out for it though 
Oh my the school is all changing :O How sad   Pahhh... Gonna do the washing up.
Gonna post my FF...can't remember who I posted last week though. 
Gonna go to bed, it's late. Work tomorrow plus sending girlfriend to campus. 
on my way home. Gonna p/u Gracie Lou &amp; take her 2 the vet 
Excited to fly home tn! Gonna miss my bebe bebe though 
Just got up! Gonna get fresh. Then read! 
@nanitan Gonna ask her or Tanja ! But they play a lot of songs that have never been on a album too 
IM+ is shit. Keeps losing my Tweets. Gonna stick w/ Tweetie 4 now. On the train to &amp;other boring Sat at work 
In line waiting for Metric part II!  Gonna be pretty far back tonight. Bummer after last night. I'm easily spoiled... 
Just leaving work. Got a txt re: tstorm warning as I got  in the car.  Gonna be a long ride. 
Gonna be some BIG people on this flight 
Gonna Nap from a long day of work!  ugh! I soo need to find a new Job!!!
Gonna look for an SLR later. I should've signed up for LabTech earlier. 
Going back home tomorrow   Gonna miss NY. Goodnight loves.
Cant seem to fall asleep. Been laying on the couch crying for 20mins and i dont know why  Gonna try to sleep again.
Hard drive backup 1/3rd done. Gonna be a long night. 
Train just set off, then stopped. Signalling problem, no trains can go forward this way  supposed to be 6 min journey! Gonna be late f ...
Just went to Safeway and the lady in front of me has the worst plastic surgery i've ever seen  Gonna go home now and cry myself to sleep.
Morning. Jus woke up. Had a rough night sleep-wise. Coughing n spluttering. Gonna stay in bed. 
@LyssaPearl THX. Sadly its the standard silver  Gonna change that in a few month ;)
Prom was the best night of my life! Gonna miss my year, it feels like someone's died 
Got goddamn snorers in my room tonight. Gonna be a long night  #nhc
Im Gonna leave TC alone 4 a couple of days 
Gonna try n fall back 2 sleep! Dream of my &quot;dude&quot;...wherever he may be 
@cleothecool Hahaha, I wish I could sleep. But I can't right now. Gonna try to see if my stomach gets any better. 
Gonna stay at home and rot. Not going anymore!!! Shucks. Dinner? 
is thinking of activities to do with Maddie.  Gonna search to tix to SOX tomorrow, but think that it will be way to expensive. 
Gonna have a second cup of coffee and then run to store to get Gatorade for hubby... it's not looking so great here today 
Sup 6:30 am? Ugh i wish i was still asleep. Gonna be a long day at work 
Hey fellow Tweeters. Hope you're all well! Gonna be a lack of tweets today..work at 4 til very late 
Work is Gonna sux Ass. Hardley anyones here. I have to do the pick up run. And I can't be on the phone that much cuz I 4got my charge 
Gonna have a little nap, exhausted from partying after show last night. Looking forward to tonight tho, just sad it is closing night 
Good times with good people last night. Gonna miss mah fran! 
Having the worst morning of my life. My tummy hurts like hell, like stomach flu bad. Gonna get ready for work soon 
@JohnusMaximus I now the feeling.  I keep my music on an external HD and its lost the link to all my music.  Gonna have to redo it all 
Woke up in some wacky, hungover stupor  Gonna head into town after brunch though 
Hot. Gonna have to give in to the AC tonight 
Aah, with al the cleaning up today I completely forgot to get a fathersday present. Gonna fix a macaroni painting now I guess.... 
Gonna be a long day. Working until 7.   
Gonna get up real early tomorrow   7:30 AM
Gonna be a lazy day! Chill with my lil man, finish university app, watch super hero movies, read a lil.wish I could add sex 2 that  lol
Fk! Middle seat! Gonna be a long flight to Beantown.   Leaving Screwston... One more prayer &amp; I'm there
Gonna Have to change out of my Jammies  not fair haha going to see a scary film :-s jeans n hoodie hear i come..xxx
@DuppyConquerah Gonna pass....First day of work on Mon. 
Gonna hit the sac. Little DK is pretty sick tonight 
My cat died. Gonna miss Guy. He was like a part of the family. 
Gonna sleep. Been a pretty boring day. Waste of a day really.  night twitter.
Awwww... Gonna miss Taste of Little Italy... 
Off to see UP with Joany!!! Gonna be 100 degrees tomorrow...I might melt 
Going to Baruch's party where my fav people @sigourney @itsimanirose @jdwaynejoseph will be! Gonna miss u Baruch 
Mi has the worst roads ever. Construction everywhere. Ugghhh. Gonna b late 2 kristina's bday 
I'm afraid I am suffering the effects of too much sun. Migraine, sun burn and wicked thirst. Gonna go lay down. 
@SHES_PROMISE thanks babe! Gonna follow u when I get to a computer! My phone won't let me 
Tiff's Gma has terminal cancer...  Gonna drop off Tiff so that she can be her CNA while she is on hospice (*sp)  
Being sad because my phone fell off the &quot;Ring O Fire&quot;. Gonna look for it tomorrow if one of the staff people haven't taken it 
omg great last night wit Jen.... Gonna miss u babe.... 
Saturday SUCKED. And now I only have 700 songs on my phone. What?!  Gonna try to sleep.
Too early :O Gonna sing at church today. Leaving by 8. Exhausted. Pray for strength 
Becky's gone....sad faces all round. Gonna miss watching all these bad movies and constantly taking the piss out of her accent.... 
Trying to get it moving...Daddy's out of town 2day  Gonna go chk out @courageous @ 10 &amp; make my way back home w/ a stop @DestinyMetro
Trying to get it moving...Daddy's out of town 2day  Gonna go chk out @courageous @ 10 &amp; make my way back home w/ a stop @DestinyMetro #fb
@Emuburger Oh, crap.  That starts today?  I thought it was next week.   Gonna have a lot of catching up to do when I get home.
dad's doing what he loves to do best on father's day. Playin golf. I got him some presents though. Gonna miss my dad when i leave 
Hurt my ankle last night. tis stiff now.  Gonna keep it on ice and elevated as much as possible. THough zoo was still fun.
Not goin to tha airshow this year  Gonna play me sum Corporate Warfare after I hop out tha shower
Bye kitty   Lounging in bed alone now. Gonna watch old episodes of SYTYCD
is under the weather. Too much smoke in the air last night; couldn't sleep, couldn't breathe.  Gonna miss church today. :`(
Dance recital was awesome!  Sad that its over     Gonna miss the seniors.
Gonna write in my diary then go to bed. God, I wish I had proper followers so that someone actually gives a shit about this stuff 
Gonna get something to eat and hit the bank. Found some expense reimbursements that I had not cashed.  
Gonna watch family guy and go to bed, I got nothing done today  tomorrow is a writing day no matter what &lt;3 Night.
@DeathStarKiller Likewise  Gonna rock straight into town asap, drop me a text when you're headin in yourself sure
@hotpinkmarker  LOVE that show!!!!!!!!  Really good, you should watch!  Gonna see if I can swing it..my flight   Mark W - exec prod...
I lost my papu yesterday  at least it was peaceful for him. Gonna go see my mom today for some cheering up. Szeretlek, Papu!
@catherinegee Yeah, mega-rubbish  That's all the family cats now gone to the big litter box in the sky  Gonna miss him.
Gonna watch a movie again tonight!!  Look forward to celebrate tomorrow with my lovely classmates.(: &lt;3 They will be so missed!! 
Gonna go drop off the animals at the vet  SHOTS! AAH!
I'm either holding Julia or she's screaming and crying so I'm going NUTS right about now  Gonna feed her and then bed see if it helps...
Retail therapy .... A &amp; F and Ruehl style. Gonna cry when Ruehl is gone @ they already took my buddie away 
Gonna head out in Levi's jeans and Nike dunks. Feel so plain jane..  But it's all for a cause. So it's okay. ^^
Gonna miss Billy  while hes in Galena... early bedd night!
just had tea party w BFF and Ffiona. Gonna watch 'fever pitch' since i'm out of books til library trip 2morrow.  book beats  movie any day
Feeling really sick. Gonna try to visit the DR tomorrow. 
Yay, pretty late entrance today. Forgot to order PIE yesterday  Gonna order some today for officially finishing my internship ^^
@natmins SHIT! They're out? Oh fuck, eep.. Gonna check them now 
Won't be twitting for 2weeks  Off to Bulgaria in the morning! Gonna be an amazing 2weeks! x
Ready to hop on tht bus and bail for atlanta!  YAY!  Gonna miss my folx tho.  
supposed to leave at 7am. They're still on the runway. Not leaving til 9:20. My poor daddy and his bad back   Gonna worry all day now.
Mmkay, mum's taking over the dang lappie.  Gonna go bang on the piano. Wee.
Gonna see the hangover today with zora. yay. Wish i had bought 311 tix 
Gonna be a long day of tattooing, St. Vincent show, and birthdays. Wish I felt better. 
My cold seems to be coming back.  Big nono! Slept long at least, just chilling today. Gonna read in the warm weather now and write later.
Gonna go swimming...well, more like sit on the steps of the pool and read. Still feeling too crappy for any phsyical activity 
Well, time to start prepping for work.   I will be done house sitting tomorrow &amp; back to the countryside / home. Gonna have to cut grass.
Gonna need company this weekend. My honey's going to vegas 
Gonna actually go work on my AP Bio stuff... 
Lost a great tech and a better friend today. Gonna miss you buddy. In a better place.  #fb
Almost to Cornelius Pass. Gonna lose reception soon. 
@jaredleto Gonna go for a jog with my dog, it looks beautiful outside... Gotta love spring 
Just woke up. Gonna be drinking from 2 o'clock today! PRODIGY TONIGHT OMGZORZROFLMAOMGLOL          
Gonna get a new business card as Eximion's Technology Ambassador! 
Gonna watch Twilight before bed  *miss ko si prinsipe simpatika.. haha* Good MorNight! &lt;3
On my way to school.  Gonna get Erica H. Suspended 
@pjgariel Yeah, still chilly here too but s'posed to return to normal temps this week.  Gonna spend some time with the girls this week! 
Had fun at the carnival with the bff  middle school jid are sluts these days! Gonna visit my husband..i miss him&lt;3
First mobile update! XD umm. . . I'm just watching TV. Gonna watch a movie tmaro with the Hensons! 
Had fun at the carnival with the bff  middle school jid are sluts these days! Gonna visit my husband..i miss him&lt;3
Gonna start to get ready for the concert tonight. You're gonna rule, Hammey!  Break a leg. ...Now, what am I gonna wear?
Gonna eat some yummy breakfast!  BRB!
Off to Sac-town with Erin to apartment hunt for her sister! Gonna be gone allll day! Should be fun 
Unpacked only about a third. Starving but too exhausted to care. Gonna sleep til summer. 
Beautiful day on the boat  Gonna motor out for a bit.... hopefully see some playful dolphins 
@NHLBlackhawks &quot;We Win&quot; lyrics: Gonna shout loud, loud until the walls come down/'cause we've already won and you don't have a chance 
is shooting all day tomorrow, then Nana is coming! Gonna have lots of post to do this week, glad I had a girls spa day today 
Pumped up my volley ball yesterday. It's lovely time outside to play it.  Gonna play today again
@foocode thanks man  Gonna implement logins soon saving API calls, allow sending statuses, following, viewing protected users blah blah.
Love this - Gonna see them at the O2 in July  ? http://blip.fm/~4kv26
Awake. Gotta get back to workin. Gonna make some biscuits first tho. 
Gonna watch the HM movie (bad quality - gag -) and 17 Again (better quality, hopefully) today.  
Watched I'm Gonna Git You Sucka as some mindless nonsense to enjoy while doing some cleaning. Extremely fun mindless nonsense. 
Gonna mow the grass. Excited for another cubs win today over the struggling cards. 
Gonna eat some Popeye's Chicken!  @jaywhs Jay, stop copying me.
@ijustine No, this is Spring.  Gonna be even hotter tomorrow.  Enjoy! 
Gonna hit the gym!Bikram yoga! Sweat it out!!! 
Bye guys. Gonna watch my show and do my school work at the same time! Multitasking! 
Starting new job today  Exciting! Gonna have 2 rethink my schedule though 2 work in some morning Twttr. Shorter commute, but earlier time.
Gonna go &amp; work on some &quot;pen assignment &quot; sheets for the Goat Show!  Tweet a little later!!  
Gonna get ready for school now, my eyes are hurting, still gotta get contact lenses in haha. NICE AND SUNNY  WOOOOHOOOOO
BTW; i need a Blackberry  Gonna watch it for soon.
Gonna upload britney pics then bed time!! Go comment. 
Gonna go have some honey loops I think. Then perhaps a shower, a game of scrabble (I'm addicted) &amp; then work. Plan! 
Can't wait for lunchtime. Gonna go meet my girls in the park. And then by the time I'm back, he should be in the office as well.... 
Its officially summer!!!! Gonna miss Clemson though...but NO work 
Gonna go walking with @Meghmik and our Moms. Yay. 
@vbright Too tired to work more on niche lens. Needed Tweet time. Was a tiresome day.  Still have two days left. Gonna need it!
Taken the Teutonic Princess out for a wee run to warm up the cockles of her heart. Gonna give her a tub while i'm at it 
Officially running on caffeine. .. Gonna finish the dress. I have to.. I like that she's watching Shaun of the Dead. 
I'm off. Gonna watch TV and munch on some nuts. And probably wake up my mom now. xD Tata, mates! 
So bored! Cant wait to get my ass out later. Ahh. Gonna iron the clothes and then a cold bath and out I go. Heeee. I know, redundant. 
Gonna play some WoW! Seeing as that is the only thing my computer is gonna let me do! Then sleep! 
@Igarka Haven't really figured out exactly where I am yet.   Just got installed at my hotel. Gonna hit town tonight.
@yolandagreene We Gonna Show That &quot;Homo Team&quot;  What Its About!!!!      
Half awake but awake. Gonna go into work for a bit. What's tonight? Watching the fight with everyone  ricky hatton vs manny paquiao!!!!
Gonna work on dance for a lil bit before lunch. It's SaTuRdAYYyyy!! I love the weekends &lt;3  Life is Wonderful 
Gonna go watch some Creighton softball today!  Can't wait to see my itzy bitzy 
At State Theatre in NB for FREE milk and cookies show. Gonna get some culture, dang it. 
Gonna go see Mikey, he gets out the 7th 
Can't wait for my walk today  Gonna be awesome
Gonna go SHOPPING  the weather SUCKS today 
Gonna go home and try and get the 5yr old to take a nap. He's a lil fussy. Its hard sometines, this Autism thing. 
I'm such a lazy cow, done nothing today! lol. Gonna watch Britain's got Talent later 
Bout to head back to the church (myriver.tv) for night with @JohnBevere!!!  6pm 2nite...Gonna be great!  Get ur butt here!  
Woot. James Marsters tomorrow! Gonna be totally kick ass 
Just got back home from an awesome day with my 12 year old son. Good to be back home behind the gates. Gonna put on a dvd, good night!   
Gonna go &amp; get ready for Church!  Tweet later!!  
Gonna do some tailgating then the Brewers game 
@AmyKachurak ooooh!  Great info!  Thanks so much!  I'm reading the tweet and @ojasil likey!  Gonna talk to my realtor about it yay!  
Almost to church. Gonna run M til she cries later. Woo! 
just played three hours of basketball. We won 5 out of 7 games. Kick Ass! Gonna wait for Humbies smart ass reply now! 
Got a fully belly of chico's tacos. Gonna sleep like a baby and probably wake up with a &quot;stomach ache&quot;  lol
Didn't get bitten by a rabies infested person last night  yay for me! Gonna scare Rachel with Quarantine tonight, this shall be fun 
Gonna try to get a couple hours of sleep. Love going to bed at 9 am. Later Twitter 
@dannywood HMM Gonna go with ran 4 miles and hit the gym... now time to wake the kids up 
My phone works! Its whack. Well good morning. Gonna go eat breakfast with neil before school starts 
Watching Ryann!!  Gonna be a grand day!!!
Just had the best shower ever  Still completely deaf in one ear but kinda getting used to it now!! Gonna watch 'the women' now!
Gonna go watch Jackson's band play and then going to the band after party 
Movie is pretty interesting actually. Gonna finish watching it.  probably seeing star trek tomorrow. &lt;3 ZQ. lol
Gonna go make my Meme's Mother's day card then go hop in the shower and hop to sleep!! 
Writing and researching. Tired of being foolish, so I'm educating myself &amp; moving forward. Gonna marry a white boy they do you right!!! 
Gonna celebrate Mothers Day with the family but gonna start the partying tonite 
Gonna read a story bout adam lambert online then bed. Nighty night 
Gonna give a guest lecture tomorrow @ PES Mandya on OpenGL 
(@MauiPixie) Gonna watch JT on SNL tonight - not a fan of his music but think he's hilarious! 'Jizz in my Pants' - WAY too funny  
has just finished ironing his clothes for #Church. Gonna walk the dog now then grab a shower/shave and be off  #jottonia looks good too
Good morning!! Gonna clean the house a bit, then maybe clean some more, then do nothing for the rest of the day 
Hoping this pain will magically vanish today! Alakazam! Gonna get some homework done &amp; hang with my mom...hopefully seeing Ny tonight 
Gonna go out for a ride! Anybody want to meetup just message me best way you can 
A little tired... Gonna update more tommorrow. And I just saw someone else is following me! WOOT! I love all my followers! 
Okay so going to sleep early was a no go! Gonna write! 
- Mmph. Gonna read for like half an hour.. prob 4 or so actually - xD - and go to bed. Night 
Dick in a box! Gonna DL lonely island! 
On way to Dorchester hospital for lucys foot. Gonna watch an X-ray 
Gonna watch Requiem For A Dream! Gonna marry Jared after.. 
@Poeticvisionary Amen and AMEN!!! Gon' bruh! *applause* 
I'll be djing at BETA tonight tearin shit down! Gonna be a great night 
Going to burque Yay! Gonna hang out with my BFF nicholas and his cousins 
Bolt came in with the Netflix today! Gonna go watch that with @Beeks13 and hopefully my bro too XD he's here for the weekend 
Gonna make it hot at ice tnight yo! Duck in the trunk three-peat! 
Everyday's a good day with my boo, and today was no exception  Gonna take it easy for the rest of the night, and get some much needed r&amp;r.
Tons of fun at prom tonight... Shit, I'm tired haha. Gonna go pass the fuck out, 'night world. 
Just bought my tickets to beyonces concert. Gon be off tha hook ! Cant wait 
Gonna Lay in Bed Staring out the window Listining to the early birds literally morning 
Gonna be a great day, gotta go spend some time with the Lord, the wife, Home Depot and then the yard 
Schools done. Summer is officially here. Gonna relax tonight with a chelada, work on a computer for a client, and watch live.twit.tv 
Gonna chill wit the family prolly play some cards.  Enjoying bein home but miss the college life 
Gonna own up some TF2 for a bit 
had a shower and now wearing the weirdest hairstyle ever  i look like a palm tree or an animal  (: Gonna watch a movie xXx Good night &lt;3
@jason_2008 Not much tonight..still tired after the party last night. Gonna eat and watch Lost later. How bout yourself..a quiet one? 
Gonna go get some laundry soap with Lance real quick. Be back soon! 
Redoing the hair eff the naptime! Gonna go party with Henny @ the shop  Class of 2009!!!
Papi flew into town. Gonna watch sports all day and eat good food with him. Dodger game tomorrow... Father daughter activities 
@DEW_me BAHAHAHA! Me too! Oh good!  Gonna do the same when I get on my computer.
Uber happpy  Gonna take a shower &amp; try to make my hair look good; Then hanging out w/ peoplee
Soo bored. Gonna read a book. Text mee 
Gonna watch the iCarly and JONAS episode I missed last night! 
Re-pinking my hair  Leaving the dye on for a few hours. Gonna stick rollers in before bed later .
@mkeagle ya. 5.5 yrs down the drain.  c'est la vie though. Gonna think positive. Good things will be in store for me from now on. 
Gonna finally go to bed after a long day. Goodnight world 
Sleep. - Gonna go to sleep now. Tired. Girlfriend just went to sleep. I hear her right now.  Ahh. I love... http://tumblr.com/xms1t4lg0
Gonna watch iCarly! 
@TheRaptorRocks I know right! Lol...its been fun tweeting w/ya about bedazzlers..puff paint..&amp; insomnia  Gonna sleep now. Ttyl. Goodnight
Gonna go. Stuf 2 do.I &lt;3 my background.Wut do you guys reckon bout purple chucks-ok?cya guys/twitterers. LUV @mileycyrus &amp; @Jonasbrothers 
@tracy_tp Yep I'm okay. Gonna go job hunting in a moment! 
@Jinx_ I still havent bouugghhtt it. I'm shit. Gonna grab one tomorrow 
@Hilikus_LnF thanks for that! No, I haven't got around to that in Drupal yet.. Gonna start exploring more today! 
Morning! I've just got half day off work, so i finish at 12.30, Yippee! Gonna hit shops for something nice to wear tonight 
my fkd up tattoo is FINALLY fixed! well sorta, few more days to tell  full of hope! Gonna do more blog editing.
just woke up. Lazy bum. Gonna get me some food and take a shower 
Gonna eat. Epic day. You know i'm a God of music guy 
Wee! Tomorrow's the last day of my mid-year-exams!   Gonna celebrate aft the papers 
@iFan76 Yo! Gonna see you on friday @ Sugar Factory I guess?! I'll be closing 
Gonna do some family tree stuff now. PS: Pete, stop talking about yourself like you're not there 
@brainychick25 woot wooot! haha! a lot! High, Nothing's Gonna Stop us now,.. whatever. and tell me where it hurts is still on process! 
A work, blah! Gonna chill with Jesse later down at the old port. Ice cram tme! 
Watched bobby flays cake off last night and wake up wonting a slice of moist choc cake w/ buttercream frosting. Mmmm. Gonna bake today 
Okay! I'm going to bed now.  Gonna wake up early tom. :|:|:-&lt;
@MSUSteve Sweet! Gonna have to have a QT3/twitter beerup someday. 
Definitely had a great weekend! Lys and I are about to head back to Jonesboro! Gonna try to get a little work in this afternoon. 
'I want to go to there' is the best line in history. Gonna use it from now on, even though I live in Norway, when the time approaches 
Gonna clean my room, and pimp it up!!! New shelf!!  
@cathjenkin I dunno. Gonna test out my GPS thinger on the bb. Hold thumbs 
Gonna watch some JONAS and then hit the hay. I going to get lunch with mah boy Jeremy tomorrow. 
Applying at GNC. Gonna get me a new cool job 
Gonna head to bed and dream of @ replies. G'night to all of my wonderful Twitter followers. I am grateful every day for all of you. 
Gonna tweet from my BB now. 
Awake  Gonna go in to college today, even though I don't have. Too boring stuck at home. Then lunch and coffee with Gerry. Sounds good 
@itriver hey Suze here. Gonna stream your twitter for updates  Good thinkin
Just woke up! Gonna spent my day shopping in Rotterdam!  xoxo
Having the day off!! Gonna spent my day shopping in Rotterdam  xoxo
Gonna get ready now! Wheeee 
Can not wait to be back here in 2 weeks for all time low. Gonna be the 2 best nights ever 
Gonna see The Ting Tings in Brixton tonight http://bit.ly/13a3TM @digitalmaverick are you going? 
*lookin at myself in the mirror* &quot;Dude!... It's 4:30 am! WTF!!&quot;  Gonna have to get to bed asap. ;)
Country music Friday.  Miranda lambert.. Kerosene.  Gonna be a good day. 
The Hunt For Gollum independent movie... Gonna check that one out  http://www.thehuntforgollum.com/
This weekend is jam packed with...fun? Should be a good time  Just something to do every day. Gonna be non-stop. No rain please.
9:38am: Gonna ask Taryn to rp! 
Today is a mental health day. School is exhausting, work is irritating, life is overwhelming. Gonna go home and just be. Be me! 
Gonna try to get some FF mentions out to some I missed last week. If I don't get everyone this week, catcha next time 
Well, I'll talk to you guys later! Gonna find something fun to do in this Cruise!  Bye!
Gonna be sleeping good tonight  Good night everyone.
Gonna chill  maybe i'll fall asleep. Man i miss him a lot
New to twitter! Gonna take the dog for a walk soon. I am also loving the iphone I just got. 
@xsparkage just saw and commented on your boob job tip. Gonna try it tomorrow and I'll tell ya how it goes!! Thanks Leesha!! 
Gonna relax in bed and tweet and talk. I'll let him play his game. Tomorrow should be quite nice. 
Its going  to be a HOT one!!! Gonna put the tent up down the field for the kiddies 
Alright, guys! Gonna write and compose songs.  BRB.
Gonna go learn how to ride a motorcycle all by myself. Pray i don't crash and die? 
Also: Gonna tell Belgin to get a twitter tomorrow so I can see her Chuck thoughts. They're rather entertaining 
short day. Glad i finally got sinus infection meds. All symptoms are clearing fast. Gonna get a good nights rest tonight 
Early start... In car already on way to Maidstone. Gonna get some great pics today.. I can feel it! 
@FairyForest Thanks, dear!  Very busy, but quite good. And yours? Gonna be warm today.....
- @ work.. || Only 5 hours of it today and then weeeekend!  Can't wait for the long weekend to begin! Gonna get some things done for sure!
Gonna be in the VPS webhosting services thingy. Invested $150/month for server along with 2 other friends 
I can barely talk, that's how loudly I sang karaoke last night. But come on - u can't nNOT shout when singing Jets' &quot;R U Gonna B My Girl&quot; 
Playin hookey!  Gonna get a jumpstart on my project for class though...
