Most common words for this cluster:
[('na', 431), ('gon', 422), ('day', 47), ('today', 44), ('miss', 44), ('get', 35), ('work', 32), ('tomorrow', 28), ('night', 26), ('try', 22), ('week', 18), ('time', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Gon', 0.9998393058776855), (u'Ya', 0.5257303714752197), (u'gon', 0.5159416794776917), (u'Ko', 0.514651358127594), (u'Shin_Jeong', 0.5056585073471069), (u'Dat', 0.5052205920219421), (u'Choe_Yong', 0.5046252608299255), (u'Ha', 0.5031989812850952), (u'ayan', 0.49597838521003723), (u'Nge', 0.4948805868625641)]





@danielhalpin Gonna try and find a sports bar to watch that at... not got a chance though I don't think 
Gonna be a great day: 4 of the 6 members of our team are off 
Gonna go to school in about 40min 
@eyesbehindshade yo homie!!! whats nyc saying??? Gonna miss you this weekend 
Gonna get my encased meat on @hotdougs this morning. Looks like no foi gras, though. 
Gonna go and sleep my hangover is really kicking in. 
I'm still tired  I was up til 5am. Gonna meet my friend at jumpin java in a lil while so I gotta up and at it!
Just got my laptop!  But I have to re-install EVERYTHING back  Gonna take a while.
Getting ready to fly home today! Gonna be a long one 
@pdost Gonna rain here too .. but not until later 
Feeling not so good today  Gonna stay in and get some rest!
i?C.B+T.H|| Gonna eat Brunch soon. So hungry  I have a habit of not eating on weekend mornings xD
is getting ready for his last show.  Gonna go out with a blast yo!
Off to work...  Gonna be a nasty weather week 
Unbelievable traffic on lewes road! Gonna be late for work 
Really fucked things up tonite. Gonna be alone for awhile. 
2am...awakened by a string of nightmares!  Gonna pray &amp; hope I get more sleep.
Gonna start my new design tomorrow, want to get money to get clothes printed  why do i have to be poor ! &gt;:[
Gonna check if there's anything good giving on tv... I need major distractions right now 
My mouth is all numb.... me no likey! Gonna be sore later. 
Gonna try to go to bed now...too much on my mind, no one to listen 
Gonna be a good day today, i can just feel it! If only the sun would come out and my finger would stop hurting (i played too much guitar) 
Gonna have to use my gas mower today if the grass doesn't dry out. I try to use the reel mower, but it doesn't quite work out every time. 
Off to phnom penh till wednesday. Gonna miss d kids badly 
@typhoidannie cutest one right now is the all black one. Gonna put them in the paper when they hit 8wks old. If i could get u one I would 
Gonna turn in for the night, got school tomorrow       
Gonna try to fall asleep..wakin up at 5, then off to malibu for a shoot day..prob no service there 
Gonna watch the wolverine movie. Hopefully it will be awesome.  if not.  .
Gonna head to bed !! school starts again tomorrow 
finally in bed. Gonna be tired as s tomorrow. 
@sophiafoots Ugh I know right?  I just like having it there in live view. RARRRR. Gonna do that from now on!
@arinaskandar Still coughing...still wheezing.  Gonna go doctors after work.
Gonna head back to work this week, after having surgery. Not really ready to go but you know how we all need the money 
Finally ready for bed.  I absolutely adore my family!  Gonna hate leaving in the morning 
Just woke up from a nap. Gonna start studying soon  studying is really boring...
spending the day with him... Gonna be a mess tonight 
Gonna pop some pics on here from last night. So gonna miss these people 
On my way to airport. Gonna miss my boo  pretty sure I packed my house tho.
Gonna be another hot day! We will have water shortage if it doesn't rain soon 
Gonna be a wet ride to work; putting the wet gear to the test 
well, im certainly off to a &quot;good&quot; start - just found a big splat of a toothpaste stain on my sweater  Gonna be one of those days...
Dreading a super long day today  Gonna be at school until at least 7
@bloodriot aww, pity.  Gonna be on tomorrow though?
@stepheneyre ahaha fair enough. I have no more #crumpets in my house.  Gonna have to go to tescos and get some more.
Gonna be heading to bed early.....that's wat happens when ur stuck at home and nothing to do 
Gonna miss game 7 tomorrow, youth night responsibilities thrown @ me (@ last minute) w/o as much as a &quot;thank you&quot; and no Roscoes 
Daughters 1st b/day party 2day. Gonna be a very unprimal day  serious carb crash tongiht.
Gonna miss this. 
1:11 am. Gonna have a hard time waking up for school 
Gonna read a bit , befor im forced to go to school 
Headed to work for the week! Gonna miss my girls 
Gonna take a nap before going to the doctor. I have to caffeine fast for tests and my head is killing me. 
One part of my sunburn still hurts.  Gonna be another beautiful day! ...too bad I have to work.
Getting ready to take my mom to the airport... Gonna miss her 
Gonna go put some water out for stray cats and dogs. I wish I could take them all in 
@sarasteinmd :: panicked :: Gonna miss those golden release dates! 
Gonna be hot today 
checking out everything i can find on american idol online. Gonna miss it so bad 
Gonna' throw up... but I got my paycheck. Not quite making up for it, but whatever. I'm gonna' rest now 
Gonna shower then continue my hw  lammme!
Fuuuuck, not a great effort on the assignment. Gonna have to go into overdrive for exams 
Going to sleep. Gonna fall asleep playing apps again. Tmrw is going to suck 
Gonna go get my teeth taken out. 
Now i cant find him  Gonna be a sleepless night tonight
Gonna have to have arthroscopy to repair my knee 
@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/6714p - I feel really emotional  Its been great seeing your pics and keeping up with you.  Gonna m ...
Gonna miss my gurl while shes on her honeymoon 
Gonna go round up some DVDs to sell...  I will miss them, but I need money!
Gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! Wish I wasn't going for 3 weeks! It's wayy to long 
ok, son in bath, so gonna see if I can find some quick quotes.  Gonna miss ya'll this weekend. I'm already gettin sad  
Gonna attempt to clean my computer with canned air.. That im allergic to 
No mowing now its off to the store. Gonna have to wait until it really warm 
@primaryposition very much so. Gonna have to stay indoors today 
Wow sick just woke up my flight leaves in an hour but if you know me I have to be there early haha... Gonna miss my bape so much 
Is movin to cedar falls today.  Gonna miss the 712 and all my family. I couldnt wait to get outta here, now I dont wanna leave! 
@marginatasnaily You know you want to give me a big cuddle anyway! I'll be right as rain soon enough! Gonna miss you tonight  you ok?xxxx
Marketing test this morning. Gonna need lots of prayer to pass this one, especially since I didn't study 
Algorithms is really hard, you guys. Gonna have to burn some V time on this course 
Hoping my headache doesn't come back...it's threatening to  Gonna take tonight to rest and snuggle with da pups!
 my girl cant come over today. Gonna have2 wait 2 see her until 2morrow. Hopefully shes not busy. Gonna get 2 hardly see her next week.
Eating chips. so thursty. We only have water and milk home..  Gonna look again.
Gonna get the link 2 my vid 4 u guys as soon as i figure out wuts wrong with my dang laptop 
feels like toilet this morning. Gonna need to dose myself up again, damn head, nose, throat and stiff neck thing going on again. 
Why does everyone mistake me for a school kid!  am in a bloody medical college! Gonna b a doc in a few years!
@gregzimmerman My new kitty is looking pretty sick. Gonna call humane society and see what they want to do. It makes me sad. 
Gonna turn off the laptop and revise  The hardest thing I will ever do   11 days left!!! 
Gonna go do yard work what fun that should be  its hot outside
awww @shannonpaul I had a great time. Gonna miss you alot, kid  #grungaoke
I miss my garden  Gonna tidy my room again, and possibly start packing
Darnit, ramen has milk in it! Gonna look for something else to eat. 
Gonna be lost without her for 6 weeks 
Things never go my way  Gonna lay in bed all day after work.
Up and ready for the day... Gonna go shopping then clean 
...and I quote: &quot;I got a lot of them&quot;  Gonna be a long day!
@ABIBAN nah. I could pull it off if I was about a stone and a half lighter, but I'm too double-chin'y  Gonna go choppy I think.
No cabs in site. Gonna fucking miss whole foods delivery window! I don't wanna schlep the groceries home 
Gonna watch 'Crash' in bed before a horrible day tommorow 
Gonna have to start this past paper before I fail the exam tomorrow. Last minute, I know. 
Gonna waste the rest of my day sleeping  till i fine something to do
http://twitpic.com/6dg1g - Twizz a shame I broke my new coffee cup..  Gonna try to fix it.
Just woke up. Gonna take a stupid 1 hour drive in 30 minutes 
@elliottcable 2 weeks*  And nu uh, but that's when my plane leaves.  Gonna be stayin' with my dad until then. 
I miss him, too. Gonna be a long 5 days. 
Gonna take my shower...and attempt to go to bed early (for me lol)...workin at 8 
Gonna lay down, cant stay up as late anymore 
Omw 2 my car. Gonna b late 4 work 
Gonna lie out in the sun 2day, back 2 work 2moro   x
Gonna sunbathe then I will eventually have to revise 
Too much water. Gonna be sick. ... But still thirsty. 
thinks the weather is making her feel &quot;draggy&quot; today!  Gonna ride with it, instead of fighting it! (annoyed... http://plurk.com/p/xngam
Totally jet-lagged - awake at 4:00 am this morning   Gonna attend the keynote session @ #communityone
Gonna have to watch the E3 conference once I get back from work  Wish i coulda been there this year.
Gonna take the lil bro to walmart...he moves to his dads sat...im sad 
Gonna take a nap wit my hubby b4 he goes 2 work! 
Gonna be gloomy all week  so deppressing
Gonna miss jazzercise class tonight 
Just found out there's a cap on the bandwidth... and that it was exceeded over the last 3 months. Gonna have to start tracking downloads 
Gonna go see up with katy and @jstamps76  hopefully the comedy cures me of all the sadness of ian 
@morganpressel HAAaa!!!! I really have no idea   Gonna bed good nite !!!
Gonna work on more of my life course  Nothing is on tv!
I am so not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow -- gotta get some cavities filled.   Gonna be numb for a bit.
I miss peggy  Gonna cut my wrists with a spoon :S
Chilling in the garden... Gonna revise soon methinks... I really wanna just sunbathe thoooough 
Whoops, have burnt the top of my forehead after all that time on the beach  Gonna purchase a fancy new black belt today :-D
DAMNNNN them burritos n beans from earlier r kicking in. Gonna make it hard for me to have #GoodSex tonight.. 
Gonna see a dentist today 
@amieewhitney Gonna go to bed soon  but if you want to vent I'm here &lt;3
Gonna do some stretching before the run, hopefully this cramp on the right will go away. It's a gloomy weather, I don't want cramps too! 
Gonna have to double up tomorrow though!  
Gonna discover the power of ableton,still need female vocalist 
Gonna shower, then use the foot bath. Hopefully my ankle will stop throbbing 
Gonna go work on some homework problems... 
falling asleep doing this lame vocab! Ah! Gonna be up for a looong time! 
Gonna take some medicinee.   *gags*
Any who working today until 12:30 then I get off.  Gonna come home and keep looking for a place to live.  No luck so far. 
Finished English paper 1. Gonna go back into school and do paper 2 round half 1. 
Gonna stay up all night wit sum of my friends crashed 
Gonna lay down on the heating pad for a bit....my ears are just horrible right now, &amp; this rain is friggen driving me nuts 
Gonna leave to pick up winston..poor baby lost his manhood today 
Gonna go to rehearsal dinner, then practice playing guitar... I'm not good 
Gonna go ride my bike to give my legs a break from running the entire week - it's still very hot though 
@Jigawatt Gonna guess another driver by the way you're describing it. 
@Belladawna I just realized this afternoon that I was going solo this time and was sad too.    Gonna miss you. But gonna try to leave w/
@djbam Gonna miss you and @nikkiceragioli tomorrow night 
Gonna go work the 11pm-2am bar security shift  pray for me
It's alright passed 4 hours and I'm still not done with one.  Gonna take a short break before continue...
alright, so my fan might be trying to kill me. Gonna be a long hot night. 
Having a nice lie in before a long day ahead. Gonna have to socialise with drinking 
M gettin all dolled up.. Gonna miss this so much!! 3 weeks from now! 
Gonna put a pizza on I think and settle down for the match, home alone  .... at least I can rant in peace I suppose!
Doing a nuring research essay is turning out to be very boring. Only started it today! Gonna be a long week 
My sons head is laced tho lmao... He's lookin more n more like a grown man.. *sigh* they grow up so fast.. Gonna be 15 already ... 
Gonna go eat some pancakes and drink me some coffee.....idk what to do todayyyyy 
Gonna climb into bed with my text book and guitar now... its cold and i miss my mommy's soup  its all gud tho! ;)
Supposed to rain tonight. Gonna be wet tigers game 
Just woke up. Gonna start studying soon. I miss having the time to be lazy 
Gonna play it a little bit as evil then take it back cause it's been 7 days 
Spending some quality time with @chrismmat and @roelmore. Gonna miss them this summer. 
Stomach feels a little off right now. Gonna go get a snack or something. I know what I want, but it isn't in the house 
OH NO! bff is leaving me forever in 3 days! Gonna miss her 
Just woke up &amp; now i'm soo sad cause i have to leave my family for a few days. Gonna miss them all. 
I'm laying in bed wondering why the heck my brain won't &quot;shut off&quot; so I can go to sleep? Gonna be a long day tomorrow!!! 
Success! 6  ppl showed, but my bag of bags and gloves (clearly labeled to be used for the trash pickup) was taken!  Gonna chill; come out!
Gonna have no pics for zoo today either. 
Off to bed!! Gonna try to sleep with this awful feeling...  This suxxxxx... G'nite
Gonna go see my kid capri (keith) w/ my mom n danny 
Geting ready to go white planes.. Gonna surf!! But i gotta rent a board  Mines has a big cut in it...
Gonna sleep now; have to get up at 6 tommorow 
Gonna feel really weird having to get up tomorrow morning 
Finally going to bed.  Gonna be a long nite at work 
can't believe that the weekend is over already!!! Gonna be busy too much work to do this week at work 
Leaving tomorow. Gonna be gone for 2 weeks. No phone or anything 
6.30 and I'm on my way to work with roughly about 50mins of sleep. Gonna be a long daay 
Gonna squeeze in some reading on my kindle app before sleeping then off to work as a zombie. I need master the art of time better 
Our last night in paradise  .  Gonna wake up at 6 tomorrow and cram as much as possible so we're beat on the plane.
Up in the middle of the night again  Gonna try for sleep
Gonna try to go back to sleep now, gotta be to work in 4 hrs...although i COULD workout...it's been like (sadly) 2 months  ... #insomnia
@tomgillett That's exactly what we're feeling too... Not a nice mixture of emotions  Gonna miss this place a lot!
HOly crap.  Gonna record this now.  Even if this sucks, I'm already loving it.  I miss acting.  
mmmmm   Gonna chill for abit then i have to go to workkk 
At home and working again. Gonna be a crazy busy week and a half before I go on holiday 
@jen1026 @yay4bnl I don't feel so alone now! I still wish I had good sleep last night  Gonna be a busy day here...
Gonna clean my ass off today...Mannn, pray for me!!!!!!!! 
Days like today I curse myself for not having a full length mirror... my dress is entirely too short for work. Gonna stay seated all day 
Gonna go clean my room 
@nzbeks  Nooooooooooooooooooooo i wanna go  lol. Gonna watch the news to see if i see you on the red carpet ;-)
Still in pain.  Gonna have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
Gonna be a bad one the electrics keep crapping out, not good in the middle of printing a book  so far its the lights only.
Gonna kill that stupid children. They drive my crazy! 
Gonna sleep in a few minutes, have to work @ 9 till 6  !
Gonna eat a whole pizza and take a nap. It's too late for retail therapy. I need some cuddle time 
Gonna take a nap...I'm tired and I have to be out late tonight and then wake up super early tomorrow 
oh! havin a headache all day, finally feelin a bit better. Gonna go to bed early, class in the morning&gt;miss fam already  we had fun tho.
Gonna end my night early, got a crazyy headache rite noww! 
Gonna miss the crazy shopping. 
Gonna be up late tonight  tomorrow I have a test in one class and a big homework assignment due for my other class. Raaahhhhh.
Extremely bad tummy ache. I hope it's not my stomach ulcer kicking back. Gonna try to sleep 
Not looking forward to being alone tonight, might have to invite some friends over to chill! Gonna miss my mom and dad 
Laying in bed, hungry. Gonna get a shot today 
Gonna miss megan when shes goes to germany  and conor over the summer cuz he goes wither  i go listen to the emo kid song
I'm too scared to tell my boss I need to leave! Gonna bite the bullett and do it now! 
Gonna be hard but Rpattz and I have to quit smoking.    http://bit.ly/90DqI =1
ad;fkljhasdf 91x's live stream isn't working online for me today. Gonna have to go sit in the truck to listen to the radio 
Gonna get a manicure tmr! FINALLY! Decided against gel extensions because it's too difficult to maintain! 
Gonna do some exercise  don't really feel like bit I guess I've got to
So freakin' tired!. Just one more work 4 school n out to summer vacations!. So excited but sad at the same time. Gonna miss my girls 
Yearbooks rock!! So sad for slideshow 2moro  Gonna miss so many ppl  
I draw the line at getting dizzy and nauseous.  I'm such a wuss. Gonna rest then maybe some wii fit.
smelling some good food, from across the street.  Gonna have to break in and steal their food!
Gonna miss out on the lakers parade tomorro 
Gonna go see my orthodontist now  I'm very scared.
Gonna call an ear doctor tomorrow. This ringing isn't going away.  Fucking knew that concerts and headphones would get me one day. 
Just finished writing. Gonna get in the shower and give me arguing parents some space...again. 
Gonna work out. 
Gonna make some herbal tea, maybe that will make me feel better...   
This is me now.  Gonna make teaching this online class quite a challenge.  http://mypict.me/47hR
Oh why do I do it to myself? A little too much to drink with the gals...so much fun though ...good times. Gonna miss my girls when I move 
At work.. Gonna be another shitty day 
Oh holiday from work for a week,&amp; it's raining!  nvr mind off on my travels tomorrow! Gonna have fun!
It's been raining for like 5 hours now  horrible day. Gonna get my creative skillz out laters for some for my fathers day present :]
@lowreyna ur post of course...too early for for that, I'm not that far yet. Gonna go fix somethin to eat 
Gonna get something to eat, and maybe try to find my boy i havent spoke to him yet today 
Gonna be alot of tears tomorrow. I really dont wanna graduate middle school! So gonna miss all my awesome classmates 
Gonna get roasted chicken...wanted the fettuccine but there's shrimps in it 
*sigh* My assignment is becoming uglier and uglier.  I should have done this in pencil after all. Gonna have to cancel handing this up
I couldnt get my hair done  soo i'm doing it myself.. Gonna b a loonngg nite
Gonna try to sleep. Hopefully I can sleep  The early bird catches the early worm right!? something like that :T
Gonna go to school 2morrow  i dont like the idea but i have 2 go so...
My babe iz hella sick wit pnemonia Gonna take care of him 
Going through a tough time right now. Gonna be up very late doing a whole bunch of work 
Gonna stay over at grandma's for a while. Possibility of having no network is high. 
@anekax me too. no job and fuck all to do. Gonna have to resort to volunteering 
sunburnt!  ow....Gonna lay in the sun again today though 
@adamriggins It does look cool. 10 bucks though. I'm not really a sports fan so doesn't seem worth it for me. Gonna get it? I want hulu 
Gonna be a long night 
Stressed out  Gonna play some sims 3 then maybe watch tv
Just dawned on me that this will be my last ever night's sleep at school. Gonna miss it. 
So ends another fun filled day   Gonna do my return trip &quot;count&quot;. Some don't care. But then some do.
Gonna go hang out w my nephews since theyre leaving today   i'm gonna miss them!
wat a sad day... Last day of work. So so sad. Gona miss those kids. Gonna miss my daughter 
I'm bored and i don't wanna stay home   Gonna take a long shower to kill time -_-
Ughhh have had a killer migrane for hours an hours! Gonna puke hurts SO much! I HATE these!! 
Wow, I am TIRED. Gonna be out w/in the hour I'm thinking. I still wish I had some vitamin c.  I have a feeling I'm going to want soup too!
Gonna go play dragonica while waiting for darling to finish tuition &amp; pick me up. The game is getting really tough to level 
Gonna take another pic that one was too blurry 
Gonna be a tough 6 days! I thought your last week of work was meant to be easy! I've been given more responsibility for my last week 
Finally able to fit all the wine bottles in the luggage. Gonna be hell of a haul back home tomorrow. 
Gonna lie down, the thoughts are coming back 
Gonna sleep for awhile, exhausted 
Because of peoples incompadence it'll be another hour before I get a tile on the wall. Gonna be a long day yet 
Gonna get ready for my ultrasound and then pick up my iPhone. I feel like death 
Still in office .. Gonna finish all his work before he head for dinner  hungry hungry .
Gonna miss my baby today, she is off to her dads. 
Gonna go work out with bro for the last time 
i finally unpacked.  Gonna get lots of cleaning and such done today, oh fun.
@greenova Gonna be out of town...sorry man 
sick in bed. Gonna have to cancel soccer this weekend.  
Gonna spend the night in the hospital with my mommy... nothing exciting! 
Gonna be a long day for sure! Going out tonight and i open tomorrow 
Gonna be carless for the weekend. Yippeee. 
Gonna go visit somebody in the hospital. 
Gonna try to enjoy the weekend. and not have dad drive me insane. I also broke my spot-bot carpet cleaner 
@curtsmith @RodneyRamsey  Gonna take a breath and try to shake that off   http://bit.ly/Slyl1 thx for the link guys.
Gonna try to go back to sleep. Hopefully I wont get the chills again 
Gonna start packing today only a week left in halls 
Going to a carwash all morning. Gonna be so sore after 
My nephew is the craziest little boy. He's faking sneezes and dancing in the car. Gonna miss him so much 
@tom_teel Not yet dude... Gonna have to buy a new one 
I packed poorly for this trip  Gonna head over to the mall and look for a sweatshirt.
Be back later guys. Gonna try and sleep off this headache. 
@87sal87 I've been so busy the last week I haven't been keeping up properly  Gonna try to catch up today cause I don't feel so great lol
On the phone...the bf got in a car accident!!!!!   Gonna bounce...lates twitter.
just spent a &quot;fortune&quot; on clothes today  ! LOL ! Gonna eat pasta all next week now  lol
Gonna spend a lot of the day in the pool tomorrow because of the horrible heat 
Gonna do closing today  &amp; i think I'll be late for work . - http://tweet.sg
Gonna go home soon, but I don't wanna 
Gonna try to go to bed 'early' unless someone calls me...but i think they forgot 
Driving to the train now! I'm going home now. Gonna miss my bestie 
had breakie now...off to finish mum's room.    Gonna give my cat a cuddle first cos she's on my laptop...big hint i am ignoring her.
Gonna play cod5 for a bit, back to work tomorrow 
Finished upload.....I feel I need more work at vlogging so I pulled it down   Gonna stick to making music for now.
My life is one big drama, but I love it. Gonna miss my girlies and lesbian kisses 
Gonna introduce @PrueCatley to 2010 the movie, sad that it's set only a year from now &amp; in reality we still haven't got past the moon 
Has one exam left!!! Gonna be a toughy 
My sunglasses broke  Gonna go meet up with the life coach and hang out FINALLY. I feel like we haven't done anything together in forever!
Just got home from the bf's. He's going away for the week.. Gonna miss him so much 
Going to the dentist.... Gonna get a filling  scareddd!
no food for 2 days?! just liquids?!  Gonna be a looong couple of days! LOL
Buhahah coming up with evil ideas with @KatxIllustrious. Gonna be so sad to leave tomorrow morning. 
really need to go to bed now..  Gonna get woken up very early tomorrow.   night all
Gonna go sort out the mess below my lip that is so gonna scar  Then im off to bed to get up to a 2moro of doing nothing! NIGHT!!
awwwww man. Gonna be a long night. 
Gonna work out with my boyfriend now. I hope he doesn't try to compete with me. Just to let yall know,he's twice my size.  tranDIAMONDS
Gonna go see if they have size nines in yet at sports direct....betting they don't though and I buy more lycra instead 
Next mtg is starting... Gonna be a long night. 
Gonna check out my yt on my sisters laptop and then showering .... 
Gonna call my bff to tell her about high heels! 
Is sick... Gonna lay in bed alllll day! 
Gonna eat lunch soon cuz I gotta eat early cuz i have a dentist appt. ugh 
Gonna go watch deal or no deal. don't feel very well today 
Watched deal or no deal, what a crap ending  Gonna start prepping tonights show! 11pm - www.offthechartradio.co.uk
last day of work before the passover vacation, can't wait! Gonna focus on my blog and improve it as much as possible 
Gonna make it a dress day 
Gonna go gift hunting for hubby's bday  I hope that wallet looks as good as it does online in rl!
Yay clarinet shopping with best friend and mentors. Gonna be an awesome day. 
I'm awake right now! Gonna travel a few hundred kilometres tomorrow! 
Gonna see if it's possible to get a coffee at this hour  After the coffee, I'm gonna work on some server provisioning tools, stoked!
Just woke up from the strangest dream ever. Gonna go clean up the bathroom and wait for michelle to call so we can hang 
Gonna make some brownies today 
Gonna take a nice hot shower! 
Heading out to a photo shoot today. Gonna be the face of trans women for pride week. 
@terryhowald @nvpfilms @jaaed01 Gonna go with the red. if they dont have a red I like, I'll go blue. 
Gonna open my windows today and enjoy the cool, fresh, rainy, air! 
Gonna go out for a drive and enjoy thisnice weather 
Just got done folding my dad's clothes.  Gonna put all of my clothes in my closet then take a nice and long shower 
@CoryKennedy Gonna make me feel guilty for loving that movie? 
Home for the night  Gonna go to stumble upon which is a great website! haha
Gonna go 2 bedd im sleepyy and i got the hickups hahaha it sounds funny when i hickup well nite nitee untill tomorroww  xoxoxo Ryleee
Gonna go to sleepytime beddybye now. Nightnight lickymonster, lolomonster and donkeykong 
Going to be at the @soundcloud office in about an hour for open breakfast. Gonna bring records and fingerfood 
Just got my laptop!  But I have to re-install EVERYTHING back  Gonna take a while.
Gonna do some sewing since its gtta be in by tuesday and its not even half done :| And then gonna go get me dad 
Gonna get ready and go for a walk in the sunshine 
Gonna sit in the garden and finish my book 
@aminorjourney That'd be ace! Gonna wait 'til I hear back from @PMStudioUK and have a date arranged  #TweetUpWest
Just got myself a new pair of headphones. Gonna try it on 
Gonna finish my art project off and then lie in the sun 
Gonna relax before the week comes 
@KennethCK I'm at work now bro.. Gonna see all the morning-syndrom bored faces going to work while I'm heading home 
Gonna have breakfast then get out of here 
@joshboles lol. Gonna go clutch my old-ass macbook and cry in the corner now. 
Oh what a bootiful mor-ning, oh what a bootiful daaaaaay. Gonna take my laptop and werk in garden again today, joy of joys 
Morning all .. feeling a bit better today. Gonna get some work done 
Gonna get an early beer 
Gonna have some sun on my skin and create a much needed tan  x
Gonna do some reading then going to be bed exciting day tomorrow 
Gonna go decorate my wall and maybe read... bye bye now 
Gonna try and get to 300 tweets byy the end of the day, 500 by Next friday 
Gonna watch some anime and then go to bed. ???????! 
Just finished facial is so fresh now! Gonna shop later on, currently having lunch now  - http://tweet.sg
Gonna go out for dinner. Yes, out, for dinner. D-I-N-N-E-R. Woooooooooooooots bye 
Gonna take a shower and have something to eat, then I'm off to shopping in the city  yay!
Gonna eat rice with beef  the perfect meal omg is beef from pigs ? What if I eat it and I get swine flu ? Lol
Gonna try to sleep now. Wish me luck. 
hopes tomorrow morning will have a clear skies  Gonna use shots 23 and 24 for it ) http://plurk.com/p/rdtlp
Gonna attempt to make rice crispies today 
Gonna go see a movie and have dinner with the kids and friends...and it's raining-again!!! 
@KLibby1 Gonna hang low today.  The cat says she wants company! 
Babysitting with a bottle of vodka. Gonna get my drank on by myself. 
Actually worked the whole morning without breaking focus - So proud!  Gonna get a lot of things out of the way!!
&quot;he's got the eye of the jew!&quot; bahahaha. Gonna finish beerfest then gonna sleep. 
The piggie I went visit on my bicycle ride said Gon, Gon.. Hi~ ?? to the world 
Its a beautiful day! Gonna finish the Sourvein poster and get some stuff done in my workshop 
Morning morning! It is another gorgeous day here! Gonna work on some homework for a bit, then off to the grandparents for lunch. 
Gonna call my daddy in a bit. 
Gonna go on a walk....as soon as they babe and baby wake up 
Gonna watch u2 live then hit the sack! 
Gonna see someone  I look shiteous.
Gonna call it a night 
Just had some strawberries for afternoon snack, I love strawberries!! Gonna make a strawberry smoothie tonight after the gym 
Gonna run to the gym to get my workout in before my really f'kin big pile of mulch arrives at around 8 or 9am! I'm excited about my mulch 
Gonna go to my aunts party. It's gonna be a late night thing so hopfully I can get up for school tomorrow! 
Gonna head into the shower now...  Going to a friend's birthday party =]
So im playing hooky from work and it feels good  Gonna go get ma hair did! .......i wonder how fitzsimmons is doing?
Gonna go to work with my honey today!!!! So exciting!!! 
Gonna go drop some logs in the pool  back in 15 min
Finally home  Gonna hit the hay n sleep till noon lol
@stuntazian I still have them!! Yay! Gonna eat some now 
Gonna have some brekkie get ready and then do it 
Up early- have to go shopping for mothers day. Gonna make her breakfast 
Going to the gym  Gonna get beastly ;D
@imjstsayin Gonna spend some time with mom. 
Gonna have leftover giordanos for lunch... yum! But first... lots of pan dulce con cafe  extra yummy!!
welp...nighty night folks. Gonna watch me some singin in the rain  I'm in the mood!! g'night!
@scarydan Snottyface!!! Gonna search for it now 
@WsupBee ; oh dang. Gonna be back in sac? 
Listening to my husband talk in his sleeping. Gonna try and strike up a convo  tee hee
Just doubled I'm the chip leader.... (just practicing  ) .... Gonna be a long 17 days
Gonna go get a midnight snack....goodnight everyone 
Gonna get that little picture today....ah 
Revising for English, oh joy. Gonna be ok though. 
Things have really slowed down here at work since I announced I'm leaving next month. Gonna be a nice easy couple of weeks. 
Continuing the pregaming with champagne then headin to the club. Gonna b a good night 
@theNetImp heh, and I'm just getting to my other project, so yours will be up next. Gonna be a little longer. 
I'm hungry. Gonna get something to eat soon 
Gonna grab a coffee (need something to keep myself awake!) and then continue studying the next 35 pages 
Gonna go for a walk in the rain 
Gonna be workin on new tune 'chaos' with @torodelfunk later...its comin together nicely..happy days 
Gonna get ready and then go help my mom with some things.    Trying to forget about that awful nightmare and focus on the day ahead!
On the way to a surprise birthday party!! Gonna be fun 
Gonna listen to greenday's new album again 
At the mall with the fam. Gonna eat some japanese 
Gonna go to the mall today with some friends. 
Gonna watch doubt on my cable,hope its good 
@girljournalist No damage, no vomiting, all's good. Gonna get up and put away clean warm clothes. 
Gonna spend the whole day at w/ nadine and igi tmrw, treating them to lunch and bringing them their gift 
Gonna be late getting to work but only because a woman was giving birth on the tube ahead  can't complain her day has started a lot worse!
Morning all....  Gonna get baby a full size trampoline for her first birthday,,,, yes yes I know it's more 4 me 
Gonna test our company food again....  nice knowing you all..... goodbye..
@mickeymonkeyy maumaumau!!! Gonna sleep at my house when ya get your butt here,ya? 
Oh and considering I didn't sleep last night and had a 3 hour exam today, I don't feel tired. Gonna try and nap after dinner mind 
@skovpape I have no idea. Gonna take it to photografica today to ask them to help me 
a girl can only take so much geography!! Gonna go a walk.  xx
Gonna rate my #followfriday recs til i get on the puter. It'll be all the usual suspects, plus one or two newbies  x
I am tired after all that tennis. Gonna play saturday and sunday aswell. // He makes me smile 
Gonna log onto my newer account on twitter web  #andyclemmensen #bradiewebb #shaundiviney #andyclemmensen #bradiewebb #shaundiviney
@juliusuk thank you! Gonna download when I get home 
Gonna be having rest for now, and do more reviews... Hoping to pass my exams... 
Gonna take a little break today &amp; go hiking in the mountains...it's so beautiful outside 
Gonna be at ktown tomo night to wine and dine, come join if u like 
@jbrowning2612 u go drama queen!!! Gonna be up for later that night? 
Gonna be turning in soon... busy day, busy day! 
Working on the business...day in, day out...Gonna pay off though!! 
Gonna watch some TV - I'm out maynee 
Gonna go to da shopz wif mah cuz. 
Gonna go get ma hair done today  ALSO gona go get LeeLees birthdays pressie (: its her birtday tomorow  yayayayayx
