Most common words for this cluster:
[('na', 710), ('wan', 667), ('dont', 87), ('u', 56), ('home', 50), ('anyone', 46), ('lol', 42), ('i', 39), ('work', 38), ('see', 38), ('school', 36), ('today', 34)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'na', 0.7920746207237244), (u'wan', 0.790408194065094), (u'cyaan', 0.6895462870597839), (u'tama_na', 0.6855010986328125), (u'ma', 0.6780446767807007), (u'pa_ako', 0.6775322556495667), (u'ta', 0.6765713691711426), (u'di_ba', 0.6738671660423279), (u'nao', 0.6725819110870361), (u'wid_di', 0.6719662547111511)]





last 2 days in my nice little office. dont wanna move 
i miss you girls a lot...wanna have u back 
finished....hehehe... yay... sleep is good... dont wanna get up early 
aahhh..dont wanna go to class 
@MacKenzieFox sun just doesnt wanna come out today.... 
sooo tired...dont wanna go to work 
about to go to a pary i dont wanna go to. 
wanna go 2 my dad's house 
am soooo tired!! wanna go to bed 
does not want to do her projects tomorrow at all  wanna help?
I'm drink wanna go home. 
@purplefl0wer I know.   I think natan and I are going to go get food, wanna come?
@brianangelday26 u don't like us??  u dont wanna be our friend??
@drekiad4l aww now i feel bad  but i didnt want to bother YOU were working lol. didnt wanna get the bitch u bothering me side eye lol
will have to pop into the newsagent on the way to work now, dont want to go in  wanna stay home and look after my little  man
wanna wear my new kate moss dress today but might be too cold. 
.. I miss washington!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  me wanna go back.
the weather is so nice outside. ok a little bit cold and windy but still pleasant. wanna play outside than 'forced' to be sat @ home 
is ready for bed...dont wanna work tomorrow 
Is revising  and doesnt wanna go back 2 skwl 2moz 
hoomee.. beuatiful day dont wanna go to work 
need to read school work - wanna tweet instead - sigh must go be responsible  -  
no more working from home for me, working from the boss's place from today  dont wanna   
got new boots todayy....wanna see short stack at astra awards but its not on 
is bored in college  wanna go home in till 5 
just woke up dont wanna work today 
Uggg this weather stinks  just makes u wanna stay in bed n hmmmm lol
im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb 
im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb 
im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb 
im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb 
im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb 
Loving the sunshine - wanna be outside, but a meeting beckons 
is annoyed at the lovely day outside but has work to do b4 she goes to work  any1 wanna go for me?
feeling sicksicksick in bed  wanna be at school with the princesses!
i really dont wanna go inside and work - waste of sunshine 
hanging in university  wanna enjoy the weather...
heading off to work  i really dont wanna go ='(
So bored wanna go out but has work in the mornin 
being home is sorta dull, but i don't wanna go to sleep. 
up at 3am to deliver papers w/ mom. feeling sick to my stomach. wanna go back to bed but cant. 
wanna hang out with her girlfriends 
I haven't watched the movie,,, wanna see it asap... 
does nooooot wanna do any more homework  kill me NOWww!
@cdhq no  its one of those day where u jus wanna sleep in
i want a makeover . . . anyone wanna play salon? lol so f'in bored. she's playing video games and wont let me play  (she dont wanna lose)
I need to sleep but dont wanna, long shift 2mrw 
I reeeeeeeeeeally dont wanna go to work 
really doesnt wanna go to school 
wanna watch prom night but dont have it 
Ugh, i really dont wanna leave florida  Its beautiful and the people i met are too- absolutely amazing.
Ugh i really dont wanna leave florida  its beautiful here and so are the people i met here too- absolutely amazing.
is lovin fiji..dont wanna go back home to melb tomorrow 
@_iDANCE19 doing nething lol thinking about watching a movie but I dont think i own ne i wanna c  lol
now, tiffany doesnt wanna take me to macdonalds cuz she says im disrespecting her on twitter  damn, i was really hungry! lol
@OliviaJanee y u wanna do that 
sleepytime nows. wanna wait for dad to come home though  mums driving me crazy as usual. nightnight! x
so tired and dont wanna move...but need to atleast start a new song 2day  aww maaan lol
sore tired and i REALLY dont wanna go 2 school 2day  ughh
wanna go out   
Just drank a redbull and wanna return it 
thankful that I didn't have to buy a part to fix my car...wish i could see the boo..wanna go back to the beach... 
mmm getting knda borreed  realllly dont wanna go back to school. imm annoyed at it 
blah blah blah  I'm up, I don't wanna eat and I may go down farm for abit...
dead night  ...guess ill watch 2001..anyone wanna join?? haha
gutted that shipwrecked is finished! aha.  need to do college work  wanna go out instead though! =/
@thekiidcassidy yea i really dont wanna go to work today.  ugh
wanna eat subway 
feels like watching a good movie online but doesnt wanna download and get a virus 
so dont wanna go back to work on tues! 
wanna see you tonight .. kinda late 
fuck, dont wanna go to soccer trainng 
i`m worrying for my first year because i might transfer, and my grades. their all vs  i don`t wanna fail  http://plurk.com/p/t9d6p
wanna go to the pixar exhibit 
Seriously dont wanna work in subway 
frustrated... sick... wanna go home 
so tired and sore. dont wanna work today. blah 
why do my g-ma wanna back out of comin to my graduation? whyy? it hurts when she says she might not come. 
I can barely keep my eyes open. and I no wanna take any icky yucky medicine. I feel fine just a little clogged now 
@Niitaboo heck no ...no1 wanna follow me 
feel a bit sick...sign of a good night!dont wanna go to work 
wanna take sick leave everyday.. 
@dassein: dowan that wan la. take mine 
wanna play SOCCER but its raining 
watching it again.. lol. very touching. wanna cry! he left already  http://bit.ly/mOCnY
Morning twitter. I soooo dont wanna get out of bed 
wanna go somewhere but noone has enough time 
Writing for my english projects, its horrible.  anybody wanna help write a poem for the book monster?
getting immensely bored and dont wanna work too.. 
@Dunncity city! Now y you wanna go and do that now luv...y u wanna go&amp;do dat  we go wayyy bak!shit like dis aint sposed 2 happen bruh
Sitting here stuck @ work wanna watch the game   'Shawn'
wanna listen to my audio book again but forgot to put the next chapters on my mp3 cellphone 
@VioletElectric why u wanna hurt me 
wanna get a pet, but its not the time yet 
On my way back home from vegas  I no wanna work tomorrow.
I'm up too early 2day  wanna go bk to bed
so tired... just worked a 10hr shift... garh! wanna go sleep but too awake 
@lilandtedsmum head ok as I started sleeping it off from about 5pm! But in a bad mood &amp; wanna go home already.  x
&quot;anyone wanna follow me out tonight? very very  depressed and lonely 
sitting in my room, ready for school. dont wanna go 
i hate chemistry  dont wanna go to that class tomorrow x[
@fallenstar_ hahahaha yessssssss! wanna say it (but don't want to be murdered by angry tweeters) 
baaaaaaaaaah.  tired and dont wanna be awake right now.....getting ready for work then sitting in the mall until 4pm 
Ugggg...I hate mondays..ion wanna get outta bed 
gettting ready for work.. dont wanna go.. eye is swollen and looks bad.. 
I SOO dont wanna go out for papers, my HEAD hurts  mehhhzz
bahahahhaha &quot;jackk . . .jackk!&quot; i love the disneyworld advert :'D i wanna go now 
@aprilgee123 im sorryyyy  wanna go to rhtc in tomorrow? what time do you have netball.
So my nose is stuffy  and i reeeally dont wanna go to school today!
about to go to schoo.  dont wanna go! but theres only one reason to go.
@androidtomato oh there you are  I cant decide if i wanna go out now....  its raining outside...dont wanna get in my car and drive 
so far im by myself for the forensic seminar  anyone wanna come with?lols
yay free weekend from soccer...wanna do something but have no money 
wanna go on holiday  have to wait til next year 
@seblefebvre was live? i wanna hear it 
@swwetbullshit i duno kinda wanna buys new stuffs but i don't really has the moneys 
@xbllygbsn noo  wanna get you it   i dunno lmao ;) http://bit.ly/7x8fT  ? ;)
fed up with school !!! can't stand it anymore  wanna be in holidays 8)
errr.... I have a lot of assignment... wanna help me? 
@jaaacckkkkk oohh. oh so you presented? i really dont wanna sit through all of them. its pretty boring isnt it. oh well. im tired already 
@JonteAmere i can't believe you put my disease on blast like that son!!! no one is gonna wanna hang out with me now 
i need help wit my pictureeee it doesnt wanna show 
@mileycyrus omg love that movie is soo funny!! aww wanna see it now! 
homee!! gosh, this trip was soooosososossosoos goood, wanna go back 
@RqStarStatuz yeah i know.. i was hoping to go but a certain someone dont wanna take me  !
hanging in my brother and girlfriends room, dont wanna go to work or school tomorrow 
is feeling so giddy and wanna go home. 
@MaritessDeLeon aww tessy wanna hug? 
oh men..not in the mood  I'll go home tomorrow..wanna be w/ my family..its my birthday 
@THE_WOCKEEZ I wanna go! But I won't be there  I'm sure that the show will be great!! 
wanna go on the new manta ride  wish i was in the states
@djknucklehead I want one  wanna give me one? ;)
 wanna do some sessions with ronnie he da bomb u know?
to the doctor  anyone wanna do somethin after for a bit?
It's 20:50 hs and i'm still at the office...really tired,wanna go home! 
@sunnyphoenix how am i suppose to do that with no phone and u dont wanna help me 
does anyone wanna hang out this weekend? its so boring at my house 
@Kelly208 ugh, home now, was at @see_ers for a bit, but now I may be retiring.... wanna go out though 
@e_lee2008 lets go swimming tomorrow..nobdy wanna hop they blk asses in the pool w/ me 
wanna hangout with someone this weekend or im gonna be boredd!!! i wanna hangout with ashley but shes gone to europe!!  
wanna watch gossip girl!! 
Really dont wanna go into work  want to go to hyde park and feed the duckies instead!!!!
natalia mentioned about the merlion park event. wanna go so bad  and i forgot to say goodbye to her! i will miss youuuuu!&lt;3
miss my boy. wanna snuggle  june 8th, hurry up please!
@AlexanderMcking @chrissyimmie dont know what happen  it just hurts. dont wanna go doc. haha.
wtf all ii wanna do is sleep and these stupid ass birds wont stop chirpin...luckii me 
don't have anything lined up today... wanna go out but it looks like rain... 
is bored aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, wanna have a nice saturday night please 
and now i'm sooooo missed my dad ! wanna have much time with u 
wanna do somethin but gotta do coursework :@ 
wanna go back to chafford and lakey 
@Frixii LOL wanna help me? im dying to finish with this studying 
english homework  anyone wanna save me?
wanna see Angels &amp; Demons...but with whom??? not getting anyone 
church tmr better get sleeping...wanna drink water for 3 hrs ago...lost the thirst 
wanna watch Angels &amp; Demons...but with whom??? not getting anyone 
wanna go to the beach badly 
wanna go to the beach 
wanna watch bgt but don't wanna miss the sunshinee 
@MeganArielFL  yaaaaaaaaaaay!! wanna drive tonight??? I'm afraid to drive mine  it's making weird noises
@ashleighinsane ahhhh. i get home tonight  wanna chill next weekend like we used to? waterfights&lt;333
@_rachaelll Sammee   wanna help me persuade the teachers to let me fly back :'( ?
@mileycyrus I at least wanna see you in concert! I've never seen you before! 
@NickSpov hollla to that! lol wanna buy me one?  PWEEEZ
back! bought my radio:active live at wembley yeeeeeeeey! wanna see them  now  wanna hold him  now 
with my bitches (L) wanna get drunk tonight 
Is at work and dont wanna be 
@paulinahearts  i texted her earlier and she said she was gonna tryy. hopefully she will. i wanna see her and get my sunglasses lol.....
You can be a sweet dream or beautiful nightmare... either way I DIDNT wanna wake up from you 
chilling...hmm...listening to music...downloading some music...wanna play SingStar, but no ones there 
@PassThePurple  u wanna tell me about it? =] -bats eye lashes- im a very good listener!
today's sunday....don wanna go eat in the mess...no other option... 
is going to finish up my chores n go to bed work in morning aahhh  so dont wanna go   ...
uggh i really don't feel like going to work  anybody wanna go for me?? lol
@killuhkayy u dont wanna kno 
@Bnice910 dont u wanna cuddle? 
back in germany.... italy was awesome.. wanna go back 
wanna see the hannah montana movie!! and missed the last prison break episode 
listen music,wanna talk whit somebody 
wanna watch what the buck live but I've got hw 
back to work tomorrow..dont wanna go... 
the day is going by slow!! i wanna go home 
wanna take a nap, but can't. 
why i can't go! jumm! i'm so sad and angry! i wanna go to the movies! i hate when my mom does it! ah! 
wanna go to london and met mcfly guys.since i'm not lucky as my friends 
ugh getting dressed...I really dont wanna work  but I need the money...
@franca_luccia hahahahahahah wanna see thatt! tomorrow babe i miss all of you 
I really really really really really REALLY dont wanna go home. 
i cant beleive that it is the end of half term already!!  dnt wanna go back 2 school + exams!    xxxx
Studying anatomy at starbucks  anyone wanna burn or drink tonight?
does nt wanna go to work tommorrow 
@aliciiajones_jk awwwwwwwwww ;(  im wanna cry  
I am the worst cook  Anyone wanna start cooking for me?! Haha.
im boredddddd wanna party  but ders no 1 round 
@celinieee mee wanna go there again 
So many wanna see films this week... and I'm flat broke... hahahay... 
Morning.   i hate myself atm :l lol so dont wanna go intop shop today 
's laptop keeps shutting off. anyone wanna help me? 
wanna spend more time but i need to go.. 
morningg tweeets! im tired and dont wanna go to school but i have to and im soooooo tired 
wanna go shopping 
On a stupid course, wanna go home 
wanna go to the amusement park but have no money.. 
wanna go back to sleep but I can't  why the hell am I up this early anyway...
Trying to do some researches and papers to college... I don`t wanna work today!!! 
I'm so tired and I hurt my leg and wanna vom 
hey guys! back from algarve  i wanna go to the beach
Still stuck at skl!  wanna go home!
uhh  dnt wanna take history finals or my spanish speakin oral final today 
anyone wanna go pick me up something to eat and deliver it? I'll pay ya when I get here, I just dont wanna get up 
I always think @KeepinUpWKris is drunk when she tweets. But june feels weird I feel like their a hole in my stomach and wanna throw up. 
@lilduval i jus dont wanna think about it. 
Ugh i really dont wanna go to soccer next period 
Eating lunch alone  someone wanna join??
i hate muse  no dates at newcastle  nearest is liverpool. wanna see them soooo bad  
@sharifedak aww im sure it looks cute! i wanna see it. and i wanna get my hair cut. its so long now 
higher history exam tomorrow, really dont wanna do it 
i wanna go to no doubt and paramore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!concert tomarow but no one wanna go with me 
This day is one of those were u feel so down that u wanna scram so so hard, and wish it ends as soon as possible .... gosh i feel SO down 
oh my.. feeling not well today.  wanna go home and sleep..
wanna answer. in a lot of pain right now 
@JonathanRKnight   NO! why u wanna say that jon?  I'm gonna cry  
i wish i could cheer my bf. wanna meet him. seriously! 
wanna lose down 4 kgs but i cant or to say it's impossible for me to weigh under 44 kg 
Ugh ... dont wanna get out of bed 
at work, but wanna be in bed 
english was booring and we have french and maths next :| reallly dont wanna go art twilight tonight! 
still can`t believe that summer break is almost over..i don`t wanna go to school 
wanna eat but doesn't wanna get fat 
still @the office.. wanna go home badly.. 
I seriously don`t wanna go to school yet. 
Eugh dint wanna have to nap but getting SO sleepy  grrr
knew someone's dirty secret. It may not be  that bad but he's feeling stress and wanna puke!!!  
@kai85 sad... wanna take a jog outside but its about to pouuurrrrrr  lol I guess I can wait until about 11am... how are you today?
I no wanna go to work today 
@LRon_Jaii that grass looks vile.... also...........  u conned me, i thought i was gonna be seeing some nips when i clicked the link..
@goodgirlcrystal some ppl wanna be pampered some ppl wanna do the pampering, nothing wrong with that. and i like my ego  its fun sometimes
@Dojie I'm so sasened by ur claim me no no wanna talk to u nemore 
wanna go to bed   i've been very sleepy all dayy..
@JohnLloydTaylor Duuuude. I wanna be youur friend too  &lt;333
@jevam are u sayin u dont wanna be my wifey no more? ....... 
wanna learn how to sing 
off to bed. wanna hug @Dannymcfly agaaaaaaaain! 
@xbllygbsnii ayee :$ jus wanna go hooooooooome  lol :$. you alright? a know, but keep doing TrendTopics ;p
@MonaDeFleur I really wanna see it too I heard it's good but again no one wanna see it with me 
4.00 in the mornin - yawn - cloudy an cold - wanna go back to bed! 
Tired  dont wanna go to school and class. I wish it was june 30 alreadyyyyyyyy
wanna be free. 
sooo tired, dont wanna go to class  but i gotta 
M0rning twitts.... I reallly d0nt wanna get 0ut 0f bed 
Is really sore today  dont wanna go sit at clinic for ten hrs!
i wanna run  i need the exercise... anybody wanna join me?
@RCKJx bexxyyyy  it gets really easy once you're used to it!! i am absolutely hooked haha! wanna see youuuu soon  x
is procrastinating. I'm in a &quot;don' wanna&quot; mood. 
im so freakin tired i really dont wanna be at work 
had lovely dinner up in the drummonds. wreaked, wanna go to bed but can't have to study for irish p2 &amp; geog. i hate the junior cert!  &gt;
@binghamwray damnit i would but i have to go to leahs graduation at like 6! and i still have to get ready  wanna come? one open seat!
I cant sleep  anyone in the twittersphere wanna talk?
Really dont wanna go to school today  begging mam not to let me go
awake domt wanna get  up pettyfer today  x
now awake... dont wanna go to work tonight. 
Coughing like crazy...wanna sleep...tired...but the cough is really annoying 
my legs hurt  dont wanna go to the gym today but i need to :s
@samjaay haha where were you ? yeah ano, monday  i really dont wanna go back, but hey not long till summer
[sigh] - spngbbndbynd:  im still upset. wanna take a road trip to atlanta? LETS DO IT!!!!!!! We already did... http://tumblr.com/x0z1ykdiy
@nadjademon  I can't believe anyone would walk on you...not even a little bit okay. wanna do dinner at south tonight? or anywhere?
@quikkstar yeah its heartwarming, but i really dont wanna visit tonight 
wanna be outside more than anything! but no one wants to be outside with me 
___omg!   i just found out i wont have a phone after the summer of `09. I am speechless &amp; wanna cry  
@yoimajunkie but then when they ask, ppl wanna start trippen 
sunburnt really really badly, dont seem to wanna stop peeling 
need a mani and pedi soo bad but dont wanna go alone  oh woooohhh is me haha
wishing i had ice cream  anyone wanna bring me some?
*sigh* i love hustlin. i want to go to ashby flea market tomorrow but no one wanna take me 
@karlajonasx i'm alright, just really bored  i wanna go shopping today, wanna come ;) hahaha lol !!! i wish !
My sis says she's fed up of 'I wanna wake up where you are' 
@opereightor u aint wanna drink wit me  dats cool sis lol
ew. over this. wanna be home. why didnt i bring my own car? 
robo's there too?    im goin back to bed....dont wanna b sleepy 4 2mrw....*sigh*
wanna see someone  also want a veggie wedgie from sully's
wanna stay out of there.. 
Totally missin florida  wanna go back right now!
@mikediddy tysons home made and the original wanna taste the rainbow? lol skittles is my weakness im eating a pack every other day 
@jnicks me too  where u wanna meet?
[...] wanna post it publicly. don't think i'm trying to be offensive, i just don't know what size to have! 
@lizfaxe ha,wanna talk? i'm bored. plus @musicjunkie11 is lost. i have no one to talk too. 
wanna go butter factory tonight~~~ But no1's going... 
@GHmltn I know......just dont wanna 
wants a car already  and can drive .. bloody hell! wanna finish school T_T&quot;
i have a problem with numbers i have to actually write them so i wont say it in hebrew. ive done eightttt text dont wanna do another one 
the rain is getting me downn mannn, im sooo bored &gt; wanna go greece again  xxx
I need a new phone so bad   anyone wanna buy me one!?
wanna sleep but my grandma is yelling at me to get up 
still feeling really bad...       wanna know what's JoeyPoey thinkin... I gotta be strong
@snookie @spunkeymama anybody wanna sing in my place today? 
i hate feeling like this. i hate feeling like nothing's gonna get better. i hate all of this. i wanna be happy again. 
wanna go out 
@katieanncurtis same.. i so dont wanna go to this party tonight 
@DavidArchie listening to your cd! wanna get it signed! 
awwh man, i really didnt wanna sick this weekend 
mah pool is fixed. wanna go swimming? i cant...I just got a shower. 
they just leave  omg wanna cry ..
@HOLLABACKBYCH y u wanna charge me twice  i need to come the week of 6/15  im out here referring u and u wanna treat me wrong *tear drop*
I guess ereybody wanna piss me off today ..smh 
@mystique413 i guess sooo  i just dnt wanna think about it :s
k im off 2 bed i think  dont wanna but soo tired ..still mite ....haha
@flynaj17 no more school so no  unless u wanna smoke tuesday lol
wooow , this is horrible i wanna cry 
@dantemarshall friends that dont include me since u didnt wanna come see me in the rain  tearsssss
time to go to bedd. yay dont wanna wake up cause that means exam studyinggg  hockeytomzz
@nikudonko the show was amazing! U shoulda gone...   we're going to hondaya in the old mitsuwa ctr if u wanna come out
soooo bored  anyone wanna talk?
wanna try #skyfire but they don't support on my device 
@kuhtwinkkie you're gonna get panda eyes if you stay up too late 
school 2morrow.. wanna throw up 
wanna rest on weekend but not able to 
@simikn nope...  wanna tho! x
all day long @ home..wanna go out, but don't know where..and with whoo 
I am sooo not liking today  wanna be in bed
really bored wanna meet up with someone but everyone is out 
@Ilkee evil school  dont wanna go back there yet
@emzyjonas just eating dinner at ma laptop watching scrubs lol x dont wanna go to skwl 2moz 
wanna meet @jonasbrothers &amp; @ddlovato so bad 
@JJhitz thanks to the idol poll showdown,i have been voting for adam until my arm wanna patah edi 
feeling a bit better.wanna go exmouth but no one will take me 
gahh every1 has left me now devooo lol..still dont wanna go to sleep 
is off to work very soon  really dont wanna go cba, but suspose better go and get it over with......
I love working on school projects all day when it's absolulety gorgeous out !! Nawt. Ughhh. I wanna go outsideee 
really cant wait for wednesday if a certain some one is on ! pleaseeeeeeee be on jane !!!! see you weds marissa, wanna see hudson so bad 
miley's concert is in december i wanna go!  is anyone else secretly a 12 year old girl and wanna come with me? @lil_miss_sneha?  c'mooon
my dad bought me the most disgusting ice pop ever i so dont wanna eat it but its a waste if i dont 
wanna go shopping 
i left my heart back in manipal....  ....i wanna go back....
 anywayz anyone wanna do anything with me and derek? D:
@PrettiNerdi had to buy it the other shit aint wanna work 
feeling sick &amp; really sleepy.. dont wanna go to school tomm. but i have to 
wanna have a puppy 
whooo, making a html page for my cousin's resume gonna go to sleep now  dont wanna but tango mucho sueno!
@lovepickles correct O_O *runs* dont wanna gooo  not cool
just woke upp .... wanna go back to sleeep 
wanna go to the beeeach 
@shaundiviney noo u wanna have mine 
wanna go home soon and take a rest!!! got headache 
Completely n utterly terrified 4 the chemistry final...i wanna cry 
@xbllygbsnii lmao ;) true ;). aaah i wanna go home  lol ;). wanna look for another job!
I have to go to the shop for presents but I don't wanna go alone and nobody's wanna go with me.. 
i just saw something that  really walla walla walla wanna mn 2l5a6er 
loving the sun! wanna leave work 
@pez275 U wanna try being at work!!! 
@AmandaMary1992 awww. I'm Sorryyy. I wanna help but I don't think I can.. 
wanna be in central right now 
finished with my work; catched cold;wanna go home, but its raining 
I have a terrible headache.....wanna go home! 
wanna go home, enough working 
It`s raining.And somehow I feel depressed,because I need sun  And I don`t wanna go to school tomorrow.But well, always think positive ^^
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7fbzf - wanna be there 
oh so wanna indulge in what i know i shouldnt...  discipline is the key... and i dont have it...
On lunch wanna go home but ipinklemonade won't let me 
talent show tomorrow... dont wanna do it 
@ddubsbostongirl U wanna share 
wanna go to sleep on my dreamland... but not really able to sleep 
bored outta ma mind! no one wanna call or text me! 
wow im really having trouble studing for american i dont wanna do it 
I miss my baby  wanna go home already  we're going out but idk to whereeee  saaaad face.
@arseniarawrr i can. i dont wanna have the sleepover . 
does anyone wanna tell me where my believe bracelet is? 
i am just listening to the movie from the other room and i am borde dnt wanna go to school 4 a while  it suks just playing games on cmpta
7:20 pm, still working... wanna go home.. 
at school.......dont wanna be thoung 
@spiderxbear lol wanna go pee for me im mad lazy...i have to take the bins down the driveway soon 
its 5 am, lying in bed, i really dont wanna get up. have to study today 
@controversie i tried the link, says private  i wanna read this wahhh!
i just dont wanna miss you tonight . 
going swimming for all by myself  anyone wanna join me?!
really doesnt wanna turn up to his 10hr slave labour work shift today 
@killaseze drink some tea or hot milk... why cant u sleep?? I so dont wanna go outside.. its chillyyyy 
bored with red hair..wanna go back blonde now! 
really full. watching neighbours. dont wanna go to dancing 
going home today  dont wanna. . school tom as well *sighs*
So sleepyyyyyy and tired but wanna do exercise , oh dear dear dear.. sigh 
back at work...  wanna go back to london.
ahhh..really dosent wanna fight with you!!!!!!! but it seems like we always just do 
so is in the mood to stalk sherrie in the cinema hehe but dont wanna myself  that would be weird haha
@simple_sy can't am sorry, really wanna come bt bhai is leaving tomorrow....so wanna spend time with him..  there is always a next time
So effing cold. dont wanna go schoool tmr if i cant get up 
boredddd sore lip  waiting for 3pm wanna talk to bradieeee&lt;3 ehe
@MykeMyke yes i have just to be nice. dont wanna hurt there feelings  have you?
is sooooooo bored at work, wanna be in the sun immediatly!!!! 
headache x_x' dont wanna go to school today 
@HazalSelena O.O I wanna come with you 
@pinktolove meh, if i could sleep early. i will! don't wanna have ugly panda eyes 
wanna buy the LVaTT! 
is feeling lazy and doesnt wanna do anything... 
owwww. arms hurt so much  anyone wanna help?
need 2 find a job guys  ...ne1 wanna hire me? lolz
wanna go to the german homeparty so bad 
morning twitter, i really dont wanna b up right now lol 
@ home, totally pissed off, don`t wanna hear or see anything more tonight 
no one wanna talk with me  i'm really bored and hungry.
I need a bf! LOL anyone wanna sign up haha. The guy I like just broke up with his gf too bad schools over I won't be able to talk to him 
@leonwolf i am not in your building!  wanna have lunch tomorrow?
wanna play my penny whistle now... but can't...  neighbors complain... ts...
I need a superman my superman doesnt wanna help me 
still feel like shite...bloody cold  wanna go back 2 bed but cant 
i'm not having a good day.. just wanna cry. 
i wanna see you. but i doubt youll wanna see me.. 
@RESTLESSKIDS I was hoping too but got sick @ lvl  everything was making me gag and wanna barf so we called it quits early. I was sooo sad
Depressed because i can't get into jeffs show  anyone under 21 wanna hang out?
sooo i dont know what is going on.. i'm gonna have my parentals call them, but it's looking ugly  im a little worried if ill be back!!
: wanna eat pancake. 
bored @ home , wanna go somewherrreeeeee 
got my college interview at 9am cba its tipping down with rain!  anyone wanna go for me? xx
wanna go on a holiday  blerrrghhhh
really really miss him and wanna hug him 
@amyshell lol.. why do all girls think that when i throw in a cheery heyho  ... no i didn... !!! but u can b if u wanna b ;)
yawn..boring.. wanna go out have fun 
Having the worst time of my life wanna come home 
Getting ready 4 scool. . . .sooooooo dont wanna work right now . . . .right now would be perfect shopping time . . . . 
is annoyed it's raining.....wanna get out of the house 
right here you can't get in direct sunlight without protection you'll be toasted.  wanna look at those pictures also, but no facebook
waaah!!naoi nd sefa at patti's!! demmet..  wanna be there
is tired. &amp; doesnt wanna do any more work.  x
rain is stupid....i wanna play outside 
i really dont wanna do my physical fitness test tomorrow. i have a fantasy of how i am still in shape and its about to be shattered..... 
@HONEYMATTHEWS i'm good hunny...well kinda...wanna be back on the beach  how r u?
really doesnt wanna be in class! =( soo boring! 
gonna go get dressed to go gorrecy shopping  anyone wanna go for me??
wish grays was back on ..wanna know bout george and izz... 
@xoteabellaxo everyone else chose hair  i wanna do makeup damnit! lol
@janeharrison8 was closin luv  going to see it 2moro morning at 10 with emma n purv, claire sed she might if she gets up. U wanna join?
@solangeknowles nah solo for reals when u being that talent 2 south africa??!!wanna c u kill the stage w/ a t.o.n.y performance 
feeling a little light headed...wanna go home 
N den on top of dat I still aint seen Hangova, so who wanna take me or @ least keep me company..  plz
is off to bed now but as to be up at 7:45 to go to his course in the library really dnt wanna get up wud raither hav a lie-in instead 
working alone at the office. ha-ha. wanna go home  or get drunk... aahahahahaah
 why does everyone wanna runaway?
wanna go to the ppp premire 
@deemarvolous165 lol wanna pay for my ticket. I WISH.  plus who would i go with?! my friends need jobs or need to be 21.
i hear firecrackers from hampstead... i wanna go see them 
wanna talk to me??? please do but not rite now im doin my hair (all dressed up with nowhere to go) 
@PaulaFanx13 Aww..  I wanna talk to you tho. ;]
@strawelle what interview? little liew i am so bored wanna go home dont wanna stay in school 
So, kinda bored, wanna drink, wanna smoke, nothing  I'm running outta cigs and money fast, i suck right?
so tired....really wanna see my sweetie soon....i miss him so much and really dont wanna work all fuckin weekend 
@valeriexo  LOL. wanna know what i dreamed about yesterday? xD i feel naughty just thinking about it. xD
bed. dont wanna wakey-wakey 
wanna go home.. but still can't... 
dammm as usual at werk...tired wanna go home 
@Pettles i soo dont wanna b here  i miss the states already!!
wanna watch the O.C, cant find the dvd case 
@ wrk n really dont wanna be here ssssssoooooooooo tied 
Someone plzzz bring me starbucks  anyone wanna meet me up in montrose for sushi lunch at 12:30?
strep, doesnt wanna go to speech tonight 
@ashleylastname what are you doing today? you're not answering your phone  wanna hang out???
learning a piano and guitar duet with sara! dont wanna go home 
wanna get a new phone 
this rain make a nigga wanna settle down  who knows
@ellenvmt it's a looong story I'll tell you when we hang  it's out on wednesday for some strange reason wanna see it then? I'll ask liz
wanna go a walk buh its raining 
why fred its so damn freacking funny?  i wanna be like him 
@tayallday of the 3 lineups, i can honestly say we're playing my least favorite. i wanna see radiohead! 
TIRED!  dont wanna be here anymore!  
ugh..dont wanna go to practice... 
@ameliuskate yehh bit its cosof mee she he got chinned Arghgh ima hide in a box , wanna join me  ly, x
@Reesecup23 great gggrreeat  what have I don't 2 u why u wanna treat me like a criminal ? Lol
@st3fft  sick la.! down with fever and viral infection....  wanna come visit me? lol.
wanna finish my food, but my tummy hurts 
#goodpussy make a nigga wanna kill the bitch if she try to leave 
   wanna go meet wifey but can't....  this sux   :'(
wanna enjoy the british F1 . .  but tickets too too expensive.
@slowdescent  psssh i wish there was...such an idiot, dont wanna send it off for service... i just cant part from it.
@janetwishart soo wanna come with u! 
I wish i could see my daily twittascope! But nooo my interweb is being a jerk and doesnt wanna work 
way exhausted. dont wanna go to summer school anymore 
My head's killing me and making me sick...wanna go home 
http://twitpic.com/7shiu - wanna go again    it was fabulous
wish me luck for sundayyyy  ahhh still dont wanna go.
@mattxmagnum u no wanna follow a cat? 
Looking at lenses online, kinda wanna buy one...not so smart about lenses 
wanna have sushi..&lt;3 but its to late now 
me no wanna go to work 
@bowwow614 awwww damn I feel for ya..wanna hug  just come home!
@BlacKnightBK I was anti music that day. didnt wanna deal with it all. wish i woulda went 
just got home from the movies no ones phone is oni wanna go out. 
just i luv u soulja boy....wanna see u  
I really dont wanna go to work tomorrow  loving the fact la la sparkes is on here now
#dontyouhate when its late and u need to go bed but really dont wanna? im experiencing that right now 
my stupid 19 year old sister doesnt wanna take me out tday w. her cos i got drunk last time 
i have ONE jo bros ticket! anyone wanna come? 
So u dnt wanna be my wifey no mo? @luxNLavi 
I really dont wanna move!!!!! 
mission &quot;do you like nfg/wanna toke&quot; FAILED?! but it's cool cuz @luishandshake is next. I've def overtweeted. I'm sorry. 
bored out of my mind  anyone wanna call and  talk for a while?
I soooooo dont wanna go to work in the morning 
@nicrush lol no, my sis came downstairs and was like, &quot;wanna go to video ezy?&quot; and there's no charlie  so might get juno LOL
Is really fighting her sleep right now  ... So tired but dnt wanna go grr
wanna go out soooooo bad, somebody please ask me out 
@itsAshleyOlsen im so curious why are u following just 7 people? dont u wanna know about ur friends?   ..
To much wanna go home 
wanna eat some ice cream 
im miss to be a student... wanna meet my friends 
I no wanna get up. Hmpf 
wanna be in the sun today 
just got $4200 estimate to fix leaky roof in condo. grown A* woman wid grown A* probs ... I no wanna grow up no more. 
wanna gain wt, plzz anyone show me how to gain wt 
Already up and s really dont wanna be 
So tired,wanna sleepyyyy...i want to forget sb in my mine although it realy hard but i have no choice. 
feeling hungry but cant really be bothered to go do food  so tired! wanna just sit and chill from now til bed time!
if ya wanna sponsor me tomorrow because I don't have any sponsors   http://bit.ly/Ylhjx
wanna go swimmin... cnt cause burnt rally bad.. 
trying to study..but cannott get focused wanna go out and shop till i drop but im broke  lol
@zulukcult jealous! i wanna hang too 
@lilyroseallen love ur backround - wanna go back to africa now! 
@peppercorncrisp this is the trouble that I fear I am going to have  Where d'ya wanna go girly? &lt;3
watching boxing - wanna see a knock out! I've never seen one so far 
@Rathlan #twitli doesnt wanna install on this phone  so good ol #slandr it is
@ work not one soul is in here....so sad  wanna dance to highway to the danger zone...hehe
@TheMnMshow ikr.. i'm so effin anxious    i wanna be there
@callunax nope. still at sister's but wanna be in bed 
aw so sweet froz yogey on a frozenass day. . .@Shaboobie &amp; @suupkamo, yall wanna get scooped up? bamfs minus you 2 righ now! 
i'm really tired and wanna go to bed, but dont wanna miss the rangers game  my luck ill miss wilson pitching.
@shalovesmoney dead dont wanna b my girl twitlerz smh 
hates life right now!  tired dont wanna work tomorrow! 
All a nigga wanna do is go home...ain't been home in 3days 
wanna take a nap but, i must wash my paspad's uniform fo 2moro awwrgh 
@Codenamekelsey2 if u wanna bring it here haha I REALLY need to work.  I've been slacking for a couple days 
at home bored.. wanna go out and drink... but has a stye eye 
@xxjaexx noooo we will just use hot water... ahhhhh dont wanna go to school 2moro 
ugh dont wanna work today 
wanna go for a walk with my son but looks like it starts raining soon 
me and @lolchick9  just went to six flags yesterday and she lost her phone @mzdrake_12 didnt wanna go  everythings cool tho
I just woke up with a 100.9 fever  staying in bed for awhile. Anyone wanna bring me some soup?
any elite high school wanna let me in?  i cant believe it my test result -.-&quot; it's v v bad!!! ahhh frustrated.
i really dont wanna go take that damn final tomorrow 
im so tired today , wanna sleep byebye 
@kaylaaaa_ muffin. if you're at work.. wanna do me a favor and text me my schedule for next week? 
I know after this lunch I am not gonna wanna go back to work 
any one wanna send me pokemon on gameboy?? preferably yellow. &lt;3 mum decided a few years ago to throw them out and i wanna play 
wanna fly to london again..sooon!  &lt;3
@Jinxx_ ... its going to be the only way i can talk to you for a while when i go to my sisters tomorrow  (dont wanna do it lol)
is too hot to sleep..dont wanna open the window..incase bugs come in 
@shurgs511 i know, i kinda dont wanna watch tonight's episode now 
laptop wont turn on  anyone wanna fix it so i can play on itunes?? im dyyyiiing !
just getting up, meeting with a daycare at 11....dont wanna go or send pais  hopefully finding a job after that!
@PaulGoss Thanks. I'm following @londoncp already, so I should have figured that one out. Aw, I wanna come but can't! 
@DjChloroform im jealous  i wanna go to sb...and party with you  i cant believe you just left me like that!  hahaa
so bored  wanna go back to cardiff.
off to the doctor to get my shots for college. **sniffle sniffle** i really dont wanna go 
feeling really nervous! This is something I really dont wanna do 
When does that bruno film come out? wanna see it, going out  to see termanator, doesn't have arnie in it  has christian bale in it (yay!)
Jeremys phone dont wanna work... Gayyy!!! 
@RockStarIllBill awwwwww that makes me sad  !!!! U wanna drink?!? LOL
i so0o0o0 wanna go to the movies tonight but imma be in training till 1:15 am 
I'm back! But only because I have to go to the dentist tomorrow  Anyone wanna hang after that?? 
Putting my swim suit on .. :/ blah i don't wanna go it's sooo freaking cold 
REEEEEEALLY wanna go to transformers midnight showing!!! can't find a ride  anyone wanna help a sista outt?
@iheartfez6 hey bud. sorry I got our twitter so late  wanna come running tomorrow though??
im bored... wanna go swimming so badly!!!!! 
good morning! =( wanna sleep but have to go 2 school ... 
Getting report card tmmr  sigh dun wanna face reality~
wanna go to the mall. 
wanna watch a scary movie but im too scared to watch them alone!  lol!
happy birthday to me.   i thought u are suppose to treat ppl how u wanna be treated???
feeling so sick  wanna get well before the weekend...
wanna eat frosties with nutella and of milk  love and miss it  because of school days http://plurk.com/p/13sa4q
In the bus on my way to the fucking library, wanna have vacation damn  http://mypict.me/5yA6
So wanna go home and curl on my bed now 
wanna download arashi's single &gt;.&lt; haven't found any place/site to download their song  uhh
wanna see @mileycyrus in concert... 
i'm starving, wanna eat cookies 
school in a bit....im sooo tired  and  wanna go back to sleep but can't. neeeed to get a job!
wanna start work on an artistic masterpiece ...any ideas ???   
really dont wanna leave my class  we have so much fun together!!
wanna go to the beach 
getting ready for work.. dont wanna go  just kill me now aha
wanna go to school tomorrow, but i can't 
wanna print the business plan, but the printer was exhausted 
No no no no no no no no no no no no  dont wanna be at work for three more hours. Its hot and i have to deal with annoying fucks 
@jshe lolz, i'm eating crackers now with tea  wanna c ?
wanna make a vidoe but not sure about wat yet! better wait for inspiration 
sitting on stickam, just got home, wanna go out! 
@docfreezy After your done wanna clean mine so I don't have too 
@hatticusrex heyy, wanna be friends (; + i'm sure your noooot the worst 
@ddlovato heyy!   im sofia martensson, and i have written a song !  its probably not soo  good needs some touches but if u wanna sing it
@ChristopherKohn nothing as of yet maybe a hot bath and pilates  wanna join me?
shopping  text moi!  i wonder how you say text in French; anybody wanna let me know? 
wanna help out with a rockin cause? @reply me and i'll tell you how 
Morningloves  a day of no plans ahead anyone wanna hang out?
is hereeeee.and is on youtube.anyone wanna chat? 
@ddlovato im sooooo jealous i wanna be anywhere but here right now haha, 
@mileycyrus  wow mileyy i live in germany ..   you were so neaar and know soo far .. do pics from you in twipic wanna see you in germany
@monalisa21 where eva u at... thas where ii wanna go lol 
WTH, everybody wanna be Italian 
@aplusk fantastic!i wanna be the record-woman in this game! 
hope we go see the boat that rocked tomorrow that is apparently a funnnnny movie wanna see it ..................  
@hiyakate i cba with it either...playing in the park sounds better... wanna be a kid agen 
me no wanna go to school ): MAN spring break was the most fun i could think of me wanna go ice skating again  
cannot focus on this french paper for the life of her.. and its due in about 2 hours.. anyone wanna get coffee?? 
@Garthcusters nxt one on 10 may. gimme a shout if u wanna catch a lift or need directions  hope u feelin better 
new to twitter anyone wanna talk?  
wanna join a twibe?:  http://twibes.com/OuterHebrides   gone all 'twibal' - hehe 
@rdanielmcpl i started a summer book club... wanna join? its on fb 
@z_solyomfalvi did u find the girl on here ?? sent me the link wanna see her 
i need some followers. . .anyone wanna help me out? 
sooo bored wanna eat some noodles.... think i will be doin that....  lol
@fragilecappy33 http://twitpic.com/4f0el - prettyyyy! wanna make one for me? daisy by the maine please 
home, bored....tired, any1 wanna keep me company 
@subtlehues yes yes. if u wanna help cheer me up, throw in cash for more cornettos!!  and pickfines!!
@loveablefreak all world wanna more jonas now? 
i gtg eat lunch, any1 wanna join me for some lion? 
@mmmjonas- i like it. david reminds me of a toddler. hes cute  i wanna pinch his cheekies
fml. fml. fml. wastttee. somone wanna talk? im pissy.    anyone wanna hear how i hate to world. step right up.
i need to wash my hair anyone wanna do it for me??? please!!! 
yummy, gunna make me some noodles  me goreng. did i spell it right ?=S anyone wanna help me with maths???
@MyMarvolousLife yup lolz lil one wanna play  lol
@DASEXYBKMA if u wanna talk bout it I'm here 
@andyclemmensen heyyy you ALWAYS look nice  wanna come to my friend's party? its june 8th long weekend in sydney 
doing nothing. wanna go out 
@amandawilk106 yes unfuzzy, i prefer the fuzzy me and clear caleb..  wanna turn back the clock!
wanna go to hav my beauty sleep  gdnite .. sweet dreams
milan is retardeddddddd, anyone wanna see my paint pic of him ??? 
@Lilayy hi.wanna see 17 again again with me ;) i'll fly to cali and see it with you 
eyes wide shut is one of the weirder movies ive seen. any1 wanna sell me their.45?  just so i can sleep in my apt by myself
nothing to do &gt;.&lt;..any1 wanna keep me company? 
@JustJazzo n e uterus u wanna rub??? lol its ok u can tell me 
@AmyAllTimeLow tomorrowwwww.     wanna cum?
anyone out there speak mandarin, wanna maybe converse with me to improve my zhongwen? let me know 
wanna sing all night long with my husssie 
@tmstanton what are we doing for brunch?! I am here  dont wanna miss mama stanton
P.S. I wanna see star trek again 
@joyofparadise oooh, who won? wait, maybe i don?t wanna know. no really, i do. no i don?t. ahh, just tell me already! 
@MarkusBereflod wtf! good thing it wasnt a restore day then...dont wanna know what would have happened with wednesdays then 
@EllaPaigeBabe no you are the sweetest and talented girl I've ever met! LoL wanna come so bad to see u! hopefully in summer 
wanna have fun 
@anotherpiece t-t-t tiki tiki wanna speaky spesky speaky 
@adamfletcher wanna see 
ya'll, i wanna make music. can i know i'll have your support? 
i wish upon a star , wanna be rigfht were you are  baby , i got a crush on youu ;D
How To Be is out tomorrow  wanna get it x
wanna try make choc mousse. . 
@mmcorley i feel you on that one!! wanna pay my bills too??? ill let you 
@shaunmichaelb good, cause i so dont wanna miss it! have you seen the trailer already?? 
@jayesh haha...dude it's not about the battery life, but my productivity! wanna stay away from unproductive diversions...I have an xperia 
surfing on mysoju.com, and found 'that guy was splendid' comic is already have live action movie..wanna hunting it then 
@KimmiMcFly heyy kimmi~kinz  tired! r u tired??? i've been up for like ten minutes :L lol... wanna hang out today? go shoppin or sumhin xx
mm soo hungary someone wanna bring some food round?? 
i'm booored... wanna do something crazy with the girls but they're far from me now... i miss you all &lt;3 
wanna go shopping... i really need new summer clothes... ooh and new shoes of coz 
@thatpatti let's get two others and play!! wanna? 
just woke up. not going to school today.  someone wanna hang out?
@SlainwithSatan thanks! your hair is blonde?! i wanna see 
nicole is ur still on i want to go to short stack but if u and gab wanna go by urselvs thats completely fine 
@JoeG17 LMAAAO I know I was as well  great mind think alike. wanna do something tomorow?
wanna help my fren but this just wat i can do 
@jautero no, a wanna-be bicycle pro this time 
Morning tourny today    wanna make some money!
@hottieann3376  add me at wanna_have.fun@hotmail.com  wink*
@emmacandlish haha did you? i dont remember  wanna come help me with my posters?? xx
@ladyltattoos aww man i quit u got me! but 4real hit me up l8r if u wanna come thru i'll put u on my list 
well, i'm trying to get the mobile thing to work, and i can't seem to get it D: anyone wanna help me?  &lt;3 goodnight!
@chellenorcal yoyoyo C$$ I gets paid tmw so I will get u bk for the shirt n u wanna get sonic youth tix tmw????  
@ikanbillie yeah. free wine  wanna join me? you and @gurlstrange ?
@mcrfash1 I'm on my iPoddd ) I wanna wait till I order it 
@hinamesmichelle @0mie ...if u wanna steal that's fine. I have a rep in this industry and I have to support these developers who sell it. 
@PeterJWestwick oooo wanna share with me?! 
is furious!!!! wanna hang tonight?! i don't care if you're famous or not 
wanna be famous...i want something to do when I'm bored!and have a lot of followers  i update too much..that's a problem u can't fix!
