Most common words for this cluster:
[('nadal', 247), ('wimbledon', 186), ('rafa', 150), ('open', 117), ('federer', 98), ('match', 45), ('year', 35), ('tennis', 32), ('djokovic', 29), ('i', 27), ('rafael', 25), ('roger', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Nadal', 0.9106677770614624), (u'Federer', 0.9021788239479065), (u'Roddick', 0.8797323107719421), (u'Safin', 0.8692851066589355), (u'Djokovic', 0.8654893636703491), (u'Del_Potro', 0.8512739539146423), (u'Henman', 0.8470327854156494), (u'Soderling', 0.8330270648002625), (u'Verdasco', 0.8263224959373474), (u'Ljubicic', 0.8128616809844971)]





@Venus00 at riot room waiting for the hot wife of fohp's guitar player 
The cheap ATP tickets sold out before I had a chance to get rich... 
Murray has lost the first set to Nadal. 
@serenajwilliams i give up on hoping for a response  i hope you have a great day Serena. I will always support you in all that you do
Ugh my life is ruined, Andy Roddick is now married  hahhaa
Ugh. Rafa hasn't dropped a set @ Monte Carlo since the final in 06 &amp; he does it 2day against Djokovic? Ugh again. 
@juliecolgan I had passes to the Masters this year and had to give them away due to a back injury...I know how you feel....   
@Joules_Clothing holey moley! another one! i've only just had the other one! disappointed at the amount of mens stuff at British Open 
Federer needs to fix his back hand 
Another loss to Djokovic makes me think that Roger's best days are well past him. Painful to see d master struggling agnst lesser mortals 
Rejoicing over Pacman's win, but oh no, why did you let Djokovic beat you, Roger? 
awaiting a Nadal victory to cheer me up after El Clasico last night  VAMOS RAFA !
King of clay reigns supreme, Djokovic left in the dust  ......it's ok Novak, you'll win next week at home!
so sad about Nole  Nut those Nadal impersonations at the ceremony were just amazing. Nole rules
End-of-marking-period blues  but only four more classes left in my Masters degree!
feels that the only place where Federer (&amp; co.) can defeat Nadal, on clay/grass/hard/synthetic - Virtua Tennis 3. &quot;easy&quot; mode. Pity! 
@I100 I'm not sure  I think so, but the ATP ranking system is so weird to me, that I'm really not sure!
@mycatranch Serena! ((hugs)) She looks sad. 
What a dismal day here for irish Open 
Final final is today.  Open book, open note, closed neighbor   Also, #supernatural toniht!
a huge zit grew on my chin  I hate what this desert is doing to my skin. Also it really sucks that Nole lost last nite; life's so unfair
Looks like they will be trying that new roof at Wimbledon today. Lots around with tickets except for me 
Roger and Rafa are playing now too at Madeid Open Final! Damn I want to see Graf too. 
Rafa is losing right now 
watching Nadal and Federer play and Roger is getting the best of Rafa today 
The dude always knows how to make an entrance. Congrats Feddy and FedKids. Ah, Nole.  and damn you, Rafa!
@pirateswoop Roger beats Rafa in the Madrid masters!! Did you watch the match? I totally missed it 
Rafael LOST!!  Congrats to Federer in ending his title drought, read more -  http://bit.ly/A6tR1
@girishmallya I so hope so. This happened a couple of years back too, just before the French Open. Things (on clay) didn't change then 
@smartfemme ya I couldn't see it! I saw the highlights tho, awesome! As I said, no station aired it  Go Federer!
I'm getting creeps from this Federer guy.First he wins over half dead Nadal and then he gives us advices about his crafty strategy phew 
@CeeGeeJewellery heaps better than mine, I don't think metal clay is for me 
Seeing the Celtics lose night made my weekend even better except for Rafa losing to Federer  He's still #1!
I feel as though I'm letting down the feminist side by being so focused on ATP and not nearly as much on WTA. =/ Sorry. 
I want to see Rafa. 
@nishitd don't write off Gillou. And you think Safin is a threat?????? I WISH he were 
Ana and Dinara in the same quarter of the draw?!      Someone tell Serena to watch out for Klara Zakopalova in the 1st round!
i miss seeing my friends everyday and i miss james  Slam dunk in 2 days XD
@roninreckless Peer pressure has nothing on me... but my empty wallet tells me that I cant have fun 
@jenheezy it's crazy! freakin spelling bee! awwwwww... poor semi-normal photo chick Serena! 
Watching French Open tennis - sad to see Venus make an early exit this morning! 
@scorpio1641 I have no idea  I'm watching Rafa too. Running to the comp ever to often to check live score. he's 3-2 down in the third. 
is surprised Lleyton isnt putting up much of a fight 
Venus is out at the French Open 
Wow that was fast...next up Soderling or Ferrer. Gilles Simon lost 
Venus Williams is having a horrible day at the office 
Holy crap...Sharapova is taking a beating from an unseeded qualifier...ok, o back to doubles! 
Sharapova loses 1st set 6-1 
Man, the French Open has been on for a week and I haven't had the opportunity to catch a single match 
Looks like it's going to be a upset for Venus 
@ZuZuBrandy wow Venus lost? dang who did she play? 
More Roland Garros!!!  Sad Venus is out   Andy and Serena are the only two Americans left!!!
What! No live coverage of the Andy Roddick match on the BBC? Boo! 
What! No live coverage of the Andy Roddick match on the BBC? Boo!  http://bit.ly/swm7k
What to do oldest has graduated    Will cheer on my favortie Roger Federer in the French Open
Running late for work, was keeping up with @justingimelstob updates on Roddick's match wooo...uh oh, gonna get in trouble today 
My favourite tennis player (after Tammy) is out of Roland Garros  Elena why? Only Ivanovic and Monaco of the Yonex staff players remain
however, Monfils provided incredible entertainment. I am missing Djokovic now tho - why are they showing boring women's? 
Djokovic &amp; Kohlscheiber make it a really nice match. The seed 4 may be lose and seed 29 wins  Federer is also in now
Really mad that Djokovic is losing!!!  It's prolly better that I can't watch it anywhere.
Watching the French Open. Djokovic is totally chocking 
And another BIG upset at Roland Garros Novak Djokovic is out 
Nooooooooooooo    Djokovic has lost noooooooo   
Oh my, Nole is out 
Djokovic is OUT.  I'll be rooting for Fed now.
@Juris Djokovic loses; he's not the only one upset. 
French Open is over for me  Novak 
@Dorv If u haven't started yet, you would need to start soon to make it. Federer won  so I will be on Buffy ep3 soon.
@I100  That sucks. And also today sucks even worse than yesterday tennis-wise, I didn't think that was even possible Nole and Janko
Watching the French Open, go Serena! I really wish it was tennis season now. 
oh BTW Federer won today @ #FrenchOpen. lost 1st set but won the next three. the way he is playing right now, will not be gud enuf 4 Rafa 
@noellita I was watching the Williams/Sanchez match, missed the Federer match earlier! 
Pity for Djokovic 
Is enjoying the French Open. Shame that Venus is out though. 
Djokovic 
First, Simon... now, Djokovic!  Nooo!!!
watching a dull match in the French Open. Still can't believe Djokovic crashed out of the tournament. 
My Murray v Cilic stream keep buffering, Dinara v Rezai perfectly clear. The only problem is I'm not at all intrigued by the latter. 
Woke up early for nothing! Nadal match is being held for NBC this afternoon  Watched Murray for nothing, thinking they would switch. UGH!
It's 2.48a.m. and I'm sitting here watching the Tennis! Go Rafa Nadal! I need sleep and a life! 
Rafa lost the third set 
@swayts01 Yikes! What's up w Rafa? Ivanovic getting butt kicked. 
Rafa in trouble 
Well screw that! Ana Ivanovic out of French Open  not surprised but still very disappointed
Not looking good for Nadal 
Nadal out of french open  ...may be a new guy going to emerge this time..
FUCK! Oh Rafa, both Nadal &amp; Ivanovic are out at the French, no defending Champions 
i can't believe it...Nadal lost 
Holy shit Nadal!!  this is the best chance Federer will ever have to win the French Open
Nadal lost  now it's all up to Fed!
Worst sunday EVER - Nadal knocked out of Roland Garros 
Nadal suffers shock defeat at Roland Garros 
I'm soo sad! Rafa is out. Soderling defeated Nadal 
What? Soderling l-a batut pe Nadal in 4 seturi si l-a eliminat de la Rolland Garros... 
Nadal just lost at the French Open for the first time in 4 years. 
I can't believe it. Rafa nadal lost the match - he's not going to win the french open this year. 
What the fuck ! Goodbye Nadal 
Raffa lost   Soderling was brilliant well deserved win * claps *
I'm stunned. Rafa's out of the French Open! Shocked and stunned.  hope it helps out Andy Murray tho.
bad day, Venus&amp;Serena lost their doubles match 6-8 in the tieb.of the3rd set, RAFA lost also 
Damn you soldering. Nadal loses 
Just seen how Rafa Nadal lost the Roland Garros Paris. 
Ivanovic, Djokovic, and Dementieva is off the Garros title track already??? sad  Go Roddick and Safina! http://plurk.com/p/xg3ip
Oh, Rafa  I guess yay for @kels450 though?!
Oops!!! I can't believe this, Nadal lost in French open.Its total waste of time watching the remaining matches without Rafa 
Ana Ivanovic and Rafael Nadal is out of French Open  
Well Roger better win this French Open now ....  *sigh* Rafa 
Sadly, Rafa Nadal was beaten in the fourth round of the French open.    I don't even watch #tennis and I'm sad.
Williams Sisters lost thier Doubles match at the French Open.  What is happening to them? Smh. Serena plays singles later!
is so bored of revision and annoyed Rafa Nadal lost! 
Sad to see Rafael Nadal out of the French Open...    but on the plus side, he's got more time to prepare for Wimbledon now
Sad to see Rafael Nadal out of the French Open.  but on the plus side, he's got more time to prepare for Wimbledon now
Nadal out of French Open 
HOLY COW! Nadal lost at the French Open  
okay. breathe. Verdasco for the win now. 
Nadal, defending champion for Roland Garros, just lost to Soderling! Undefeated for around 30+ matches in French Open  lost
Unbelievable french open action. Sharapova on now - wishing hantucova was on instead. Pity about ivanovic 
@LoreleiKing yes, sadly Rafa has been felled by the Swede, Soderling 
Rafael Nadal lost the game!  i feel bad for him!
am so upset for Nadal.......he's out of French Open. Lost to a 23-seed guy 
Another loser: Rafael Nadal lost the game!  i feel bad for him! http://tinyurl.com/lteyro
@sajib I agree about Nadal 
Davydenko-Verdasco 6-2 6-2, Li-Sharapova 4-4. Nadal seems very very sad, I'm hearing his interview  #tennis #frenchopen #rolandgarros
I can't believe Rafael Nadal lost.... 
Rafa Nadal is out of french open  *sniff sniff*
A day of defeat for my fav teams/players.. Kerala team lost in Santhosh Trophy, Rafa &amp; Ana lost in French Open.. 
  Nadal is out @ French Open ... now, to my back-up -- Go ANDY RODDICK!
Rafael Nadal is eliminated from the French Open 
Oh no! What happened to Nadal? He's OUT! The spice of French Open is out! Why does it have to be Soderling? No Fed-Nadal match 
Venus is out of the French Open  &amp; Nadal f-ing lost what the fis wrong with these people! play some tennis! and play it right! XD
Nadal losing in French Open is an absolute shocker. Bad I didn't see the match 
Venus is out of the French Open  &amp; Nadal f-ing lost what the f is wrong with these people! play some tennis! and play it right! XD
says i can't believe rafa nadal lost. i would've wanted him and federer in the finals..  http://plurk.com/p/xgmv5
Sharapova is getting pulverised in the 2nd set  #tennis
Nadal didn't play well today. Crashes out. Makes the French Open less interesting. No possibility of a Federer Nadal rematch 
I'm very sad that Nadal lost the game 
Nadal out of the French Open  ... Federrer would be relieved
Is still depressed that Nadal lost 
I think Nadal had sex last night...sab energy drain ho gaya and some stupid got lucky 
So sad for Nadal!   Hoping Federer brings it...
Nadal is out of French Open? Thats bad  #fb
@evilgumbo You must be so happy to see Nadal lost today then right? We're devastated 
No Roland Garros final for Nadal this year 
bad news  Nadal lost in 4th round at french open.It pained much more as it is to Soderling after the ill tempered match in wimbledon 2007.
omg my bb Rafa Nadal LOST at the French Open???? NOOOOESS   
Nadal knocked out. Bad ! I wanted a Nadal vs Federer final. Ivanovic knocked out . Worse ! Now who will smile at the clay courts 
Nadal out of French Open ......... yahoooooooo ...........  Hope Fed makes it this time now 
bad time goes on....nadal out of d French Open...n me still warming my ass on d bed 
@skyejaden cant believe that Rafa lost on RG!!! I was so sad.. i will miss his blogging from Paris 
Nadal and Ivanovic down!!  RG finales will be so boring.
Still can't belive that Rafa Nadal lost 
I can't believe Nadal lost on the French Open!!  Wth happened?!
are the colors green and blue good luck charms for Rafa?...4 French Open titles while donning those colors...this year, hot pink = lost? 
Rafa lost at French Open 
@skyejaden  Here- Rafa wants you to hug him: http://www.postimage.org/][img]http://www.postimage.org/Pq1igQS0.gif
Is upset that  Nadal is out of the French open! 
We are currently mourning Nadal's loss at the French 
Nadal out of Roland Garros  bad times Rafa.  its good news for Murray tho!!
I can't believe Rafa lost. 
Watching Roland Garros w @caitlinemery @crimsonalizarin @kteb @braydenainzuain @senorjuan can't believe Nadal lost!! 
@anjibee I'm weeping!!  BUT Federer will win this year! (Although the victory would be sweeter beating Nadal!)
Ana wil be 13 when the new WTA rankings come out. 
This is a bad weekend for me as a sports fan. Cavs broke my heart and Djokovic and Nadal and Ivanovic lost in tennis. NADAL, really?! 
@mistywabbit not been my happiest sporting week. Man Utd lose Champions League, Rafa &amp; Verdasco out of French Open 
Watching Nadal loose in the French open.  I was hoping to see his 5th straight win.
So upset...wtf...Rafa   Fuck Robin Soderling seriously...
I cannot believe Nadal lost 
Rafa - you break my heart. 
So sad that Rafa lost to Soderling 
Uhu, just watched as swedeSoderling took out Rafa Nadal at the French Open.   Crazy 3 and a half hour match.
Uhu, swede Soderling took out Nadal at the French Open.  Can't believe the three and a half hours that I just watched.
BIG Upset in French Open : Nadal is out in fourth Round 
Cant Believe Nadal out of French open  but I am happy - Federer its ur turn now
Nadal lost again....whyyyyy???? 
#621621621 times happy Nadal is out. I' ve found a new appreciation for the swedes. ;) but I want my Djokovic back 
@sanguinerose81 lol, yeah I was watching, hate that Nadal lost 
just saw Nadal's match  ok on to Wimbledon !!!!
Nadal, my love, what happened? 
whats up with all my boys losing this week? Ronaldo now Nadal 
Why did Rafael Nadal had to get out??  He is such an  amazing talent to watch!
Lake Geneva was NICE, but I came back &amp; Nadal lost   http://bit.ly/16qhwv
Nadal lost! It shouldn't be a surprise. How often have we seen the greats fall unexpectedly to less heralded players? But still... 
Nadal and Djokovic out of Roland Garros .. 
Also Ivanovic. She lost to Azarenka (sp?)  Did Sharapova win against Li?
i feel sad. Rafa Nadal lost his chances of winning the French Open title this year. 
@dootsiez btw I do believe the betting odds were 1.01 for Rafa and 15.00 for Soderling according to bet365. Oh god. 
no no no... Nadal out of French Open.. and I missed the match.. 
Bummed Nadal didn't win   Double-bummed I can't watch the French Open live  
can't believe Rafa Nadal lost against Soderling. I'm gutted 
seriously can't believe Rafa lost last night!!! 
devastated..how could Rafa afford to do this ! 
Can't take Nadal's loss at the Roland Garros 
Nadal Loses In French Open 2009: Defeated By Robin Soderling&gt; For 31 matches, this was his surface, his tournament, his time.. 
@Edisonneil aye, you still got my racquet right? ahhahaha 
Still upset that Nadal lost yesterday's match  Although Federer's still my fave! - http://tweet.sg
It's small consolation that even the greats have a bad day... Nadal loses to Soderling at French Open 
I still can't believe Rafa lost!!!!!!!!!!!  i'm so upset 
Federer's taking it too casually....looks like he's on his way out too...cant see him coming back from the 2 set deficit 
I really hope that Federer can pull himself together.  It seems the net is always in his way..
Couldn't help celebrating Nadal's defeat, but now Federer is two sets down 
Federer down two sets to nil against Tommy Haas      #french open
Talk about not taking advantage of opponent's loss. Nadal looses yesterday, Federer fast approaching a defeat today. I hate it 
@alchemistreader Wow! I wanted a Nadal-Federer championship.  Still, Federer allez!
@crazytwism Federer 2 set down, wins 3rd set..and omg!! has broken 1st game , leads 2 -0 
Bugger... no Nadal-Federer final at the French Open!  Nadal is out 
Federer 1 set away from getting sent home...  I was having a nap, I am unhappy with what I wake up to see http://tinyurl.com/ngo9oc
Darn, Federer goes through even after being 2 sets down.  Haas just died in the 4th and 5th.
@cataju :O:O wowww Roger!!! do you know A.Radwanska?? polish tenis player jeje but she lost  what about the plane??:O
Darn, Federer goes through even after being 2 sets down.  Haas just died in the 4th and 5th. http://bit.ly/t6Iyw
sad about Nadal's loss. 
I can't believe &quot;Tax Free&quot; Federer came back after losing 2 sets 
waiting for Serena to arrive...sigh time moves too slow  
Ugh. False alarm. Switched to Tsonga/Delpo match. 
I hate to see Tsonga frustrated like he is atm 
Tsonga definitely isn't playing his best match, poor guy 
@delie31  sorry about Tsonga - rooting for Monfils against Roddick
Tsonga lost  But, hey Fedex is still there!!
Tennis nerds like myself, @justingimelstob is live tweeting Roddick's match if you can't watch espn2 because you're at work like me 
sad Nadal lost  rooting for Roddick now but he's probably about to lose...   go federer?
What's happening Roddick my love? 
I am extra gutted Andy Roddick is out of the French Open. 
Gael Monfils has Beaten Andy Roddick Kinda Sad about that Rooting for  Roddick  Go Serena and Roger!
oh wait, can't believe Nadal is out of French!  I hope Fed does not win now!
@OanaBercea its already the French Open  wow where does time go?
not gonna see Tsonga on final 
Am I watching the real French Open? What's wrong with Federer? 
Two sad French Open days: Nadal and Roddick out 
Oh.. Nadal lost. ugh. Whats up? Its not been a good year for all my sports  i'm just gonna retire. MAN
@Snyper11 I love Nadal, thought he looked look kinda cool! I cried when he won at Wimbledon last year 
Watching Federer play, even though ESPN already told me who won before they played the stupid match!!!  
So now that Federer has advanced and Nadal has been eliminated  Federer has a big chance
 Roddick lost. I'm sad now.
Disappointed with Nadal's elimination in the French Open 
Federer made it to French Open quarterfinals but Roddick lost to Monfils.  http://viigo.im/Lcs
Reading bout yesterday's tragic news (no not that....altho that was tragic too); Jelena Jankovic getting beat at The French Open 
@bhangaleashish @thoughtspeaks Sania gone 
@ATPWorldTour ... my heartaches for you Rafa.. 
Is missing Ana Ivanovic 
Kolya was just broken.    Soderling is up 4-3 in the 2nd.
Is missing Ana Ivanovic from the French Open 
is so sad Rafa's not in the French open anymore.French Open's totally gonna suck without u, Rafa!!! 
Sharapova out of the French Open 
Sharapova's out of French Open! 
Just watched Murray get knocked out of the French Open. 
Nadal is out!!!!    It was a very tough match to watch. Happy news......roddick is still in.
Cibulkova wins over Sharapova. My girl lost  Eh at least they're both cute.
cntkvrRussian Beauty Maria Sharapova knocked out of French Open 
Russian Beauty Maria Sharapova knocked out of French Open 
MAria Sharapova is out of the French Open 
But for Federer not much interest left at the roland garros!  All guns gone with the wind!
Hey! Its Rafa's birthday today! haha! No birthday cakes from French Open for him this time... 
Ohhh so dissappointed Maria Sharapova out of the French Open! 
Murray out of the French Open yesterday ... boo ...   but at least he made it to the quarter finals ... Nadal didnt mange that ....!
Andy Murray out of the French Open   Roger Federer playing today - go Federer go Federer go 
Oh dear. Serena Williams appears to be still asleep  Kuznetsova is blowing her away atm
I'm glad i found ustream.tv, i can watch Cirstea vs Stosur live. Unfortunately  not a good start for Sorana 
Monfils - Federer within the hour it seems, and Cirstea out   #frenchopen #tennis
Tennis Roland Garros: Samantha Stosur - Sorana Carstea 6-3 (second set &amp; final) Stosur won!  Congratulations anyway Sorana Carstea...
I'm watching the French Open in the waiting room at the dentist, awaiting impending pain  at least the men are hot
@vc27 oops! i meant... I'm not even watching and I can tell you who it is!  haha Del Potro and Rebredo... My fave, Nadal was outsted tho 
Is there ANY hope of some grace returning to women's tennis? ... Steffi, Henin, where are thou successors 
On the road, can not watch Federer  What is the score? #federer
If Federer doesn't win this thing, I'm gonna cry really hard 
Nadal is no longer playing at Queens.  Gutted 
Open-air service cancelled because of rain, awwh 
oh no, federer broken back in the final set 3-3  #tennis #frenchopen #federer
I won't be able to see the final!  I will be travelling back from Mumbai. I hope Federer wins it and equals Sampras. He deserves it.
Federer will be too exhausted for the Final 
@princessgoleeta I'll look for it but I really doubt it  He was really emotional, said he was so close to the title &amp; that DelPo was sad.
Sundays French Open Final is not going to be the same without my favorite player Rafael Nadal - I will miss watching him in action 
@julesdc He made a fan out of me too. I just heard Rafa Is uncertain about Wimbledon. I'll look for confirmation when I get home. 
They blocked me at work &gt;__&lt;, i just wanted to be Serena vd Woodsen, my hair is serously as good as her! True! Byez for now 
Fucking tonsilitus ! Mardy bum now 
Open laps of race car driving school - I am 3rd slowest   http://yfrog.com/ea54984477j
Dinara just said &quot;I hate myself&quot;.. 
Last night was funnny...soo glad i am not tooo hungover...but gutted that Nadal is not playing at Queens 
Just watched #1 seeded Safina get beat by a poser 
Being a Serena fan I'm glad Safina lost, but being a human being my heart goes out to Dinara for her nightmare devastating lose.  
  really wanted Safina to pull out a win &amp; to lose like that...
Awww, I can't see Dinara cry. 
This one will hurt Dinara way more than the other two 
soo wishing I could be at the French Open....not this year 
I feel sorry for Safina now 
@ayliya Sveta is such a sweetheart-she really deserved another Slam.  I just wish the ending could have been better, for both of them 
@shinypinkdiamon sharapova got knocked out in the quarters too  all my fav's did LOL except Federer..he in the final tomorro 
Poor Safina  But Kuznetsova played really well...
aw man-chick won French Open instead of hot boy's sister  oh well
Writing interrupted by French Open tennis. 
@_hmj_ I wasn't watching  oh Safina. i've lost your number btw, text me?
Aaaw, Norman and Moodie lost  well they still did better than anyone expected..maybe Wimbeldon  will be theirs?
Rafa could miss Wimbledon.  Fed winning back to back slams would be unbearable.
Rafa could miss Wimbledon.   http://tinyurl.com/q436z3 Fed winning back to back slams would be unbearable
@babi_lira had no idea, don't read other boards, and knowing why Rafa has been  lately saved me some worries about even worse stuff.
NBC's coverage of the French Open men's semi was a joke. Has anyone seen the #Federer v Del Potro match?Not on #tennis channel either 
http://twitpic.com/6s59r - I'll spend the day tomorrow looking at happy!Rafa pics and at my RG books.  I'm still so gutted about this.
when is the Open Happiness video coming out??????????????? 
Still sad. Cause Dinara Safina lost. 
@gototennis This Nadal situation is bumming me out 
Rafa in doubt for Wimbledon. How very sad for him. 
i wish i was better at tennis  i wish i was like rafa nadal! whata hottie (:
I hope I dont sleep through the French Open... this isnt a good pace 
crap! Safina lost to Kuznetsova in the FO Women's finals  http://plurk.com/p/z0u4q
i can hear Rafa crying in the other room.  &quot;i don`t want school to start!!!&quot;
@ElToroDeRafa I hate slow internet! Nole lost on Sat and Rafa on Sun  It was heartbreaking (
Realizing I am not going to be able to watch the French Open final 
Uncle Tony says Rafa doubtful for Wimbledon!   Damn!
The French Open men's final is on. It's so depressing seeing Fed on there.. it was supposed to be Nole. Or Juan.  -sigh-
Power has not come back yet. Seems i'll miss the French Open Finals tonight.  Federer, pls win.
is sad that he has to go to work and will miss the Roland Garros men's final between Roger Federer and Robin Soderling 
slept in ('til 9) - watching the French Open - Mass - finish school work - workout.  baseball lost   at least we broke up the no-no
I wanted Nadal to win.. but he lose soO early.. 
@DillyeoSam Actually, it seems most of the people want Fed to win so he can tie Sampras 
French Open is on... But no Rafa 
wow jenson!!!just wow!!  and hoping federer loses...cant see him winning a career slam b4 nadal 
Rooting Roger Fed to his 1st French Open..Btw,i've got my head phones on..and i swear im hearing white noise 
jenson won so now switching over to tennis.. French open final &amp; looking like Federer is winning so far. How predictable.. 
much more conscious today, couldn't run the 5k this morning  but still raised money for cancer research so all is not lost. Go Federer!!!
I'm gonna miss the Wimbledon kids running out to cover the lawn. 
Federer wants it bad. kickin some ass @ the French Open. OH how I miss Paris. 
@rehabc he cries mostly when he looses to Nadal 
@shinexxon you dont like federer? 
well there you go....Federer the greatest tennis player ever blah dee blah dee blah 
@RUNNINGLOPRO He was facing Federer in the French Open finals and I wanted him to win, but he lost 
Et tu damned rain, couldn't watch #Federer win his career grand slam coz of power outage 
The ceremony is just not the same without Nadal 
Oh the match is clearly tilted Federer's way... darn it I miss Nadal  in that match 
So Roger Federer pretty much just cemented himself as the GOAT. Everything else after this is just cake. Sampras 
YES YES YES!!! Roger Federer won the French Open!!!!!    if only i was there to cheer for him. 
@UmEEE i wanted Nadal to win...he's my favourite...bat sadly he got out of the tournament 
I'm so happy that Federer won the french open!! He deserved to win it, I'm still gutted for Nadal though  Wimbledon in 2 weeks!! YAY
@never_jen_land bwarf XD this finale was... baaaad  not even 4 sets :/ I expected much more from Soderling. Should not :/
boring of this F1... I don't like it    Federer amazing, he's the best of the history!!!
I wanna have long, wavy hair kind of like Serena's. 
Rafa, please get well sooner than later. 
@RoyalBlueStuey Yeah, I heard, go for it. Do you know who else they've got? I'm at Queens again next week but there's no Nadal or Djok!! 
so Fed won the FO  what a different game from Soderling against RAFA &amp; Fed. Unbelievable! &amp; realizing Serena could have won the RG..sad 
i don't know how many feel the same but clay court seems so &quot;soona-soona&quot; and empty-like without Nadal there 
missed the federer vs soderling game  argh! oh well... way to go Federer!
Yays to Federer! Didnt get to watch the match 
Boooooo.  I was dreading the day Federer would tie Pete Sampras' record.    Pete Forever!
(heart-)breaking news : Nadal lost &amp;&amp; on my bday 
Roger Federer won his career grand slam today and i missed it 
Open bar doesn't start til 8. 
Is quite sad that Federer won; even though he deserves it I would really have preferred Nadal... Big sigh 
@tylerconium Oh yeah I heard about that guy getting to Federer...just friggin unbelievable  But at least Federer won!!
@KCChee777 Yay, Federer won! But I did not get to watch... 
So Andy Murray won Queens? ........ I miss Rafa 
Ivanovic losing 3-0 in the first set so far  I'm due on at 3:20
@ianmcquillan Journals really should be &quot;Open&quot;, but who would pay the editors &amp; fact checkers? 
I'm working a split shift tonight   Open and close!
@JenJeaHaly Slave labour seems to be the popular opinion of them. Just my luck to get it the week Wimbledon starts 
@tisha61 What do they have, Much Less? Fever? Rafa has diarrhea and a cold for the first time as well 
Rafa still being coy about Wimbledon: &quot;Will know at the end of this week. Hopefully, but still need to see if I am 100% fit.&quot; 
was rather narked today, as my daily dose of Diagnosis Murder wasn't on at lunch time because of stupid Ascot and then Wimbledon 
Argh! Wimbledon PDF draw list doesn't wanna' open up for me &amp; I wanted to see if there's any news on Rainer competing yet! :O 
@geek_rohit Nadal's carrying an injury, no? Won't be at his potent best, I fear! Title #15 beckons Fed 
Looking like it's going to be another late night working on #Sitecore for my pre- #Wimbledon holidays next week.  #fb
@BlueSpirit3 Hewitt unseeded 
@3nalicious WHAT??? Ok, lol, I do NOT look like Rafael Nadal!!!! Lol, more Tim Henman, well, thats what everyone says 
spent the day at the #USOpen, practice round. It was a gorgeous day and a lot of fun. No Tiger, though. 
2009 US Open the flood gates 
is a little worried as one of my oldest &amp; closest friends in going into hospital for Open heart surgery this afternoon,  x
is a little worried as one of my oldest &amp; closest friends who is going into hospital for Open heart surgery this afternoon,  x
is a little worried as one of my oldest &amp; closest friends is going into hospital for Open heart surgery this afternoon,  x
Ferrer lost  The only hope is Chardy!
@nathan2387 I'm excited about the U.S. Open too!  But I don't have cable  so at least I'll get to see some of the finals.
US Open rain delay 
3 hrs in and US Open already suspended for rain  #USOpen #PGA
US Open under rain delay.  Now I am not sure what I am supposed to distract myself with while I work??? Tiger drive # 1 Shank-o-potamus. 
Hewitt beats Rafa in exhibition, not looking good for  Rafa.   http://www.cbssports.com/tennis/story/11867794
Serena seeded #2 &amp; Venus #3  oh well
Nadal struggled in an exhibition match today - not yet healthy. Chances are he is not going to Wimbledon!  http://bit.ly/15kBPD
Brasil sem representantes em Wimbledon 
it seems like Rafa might not be up for Wimbledon this year  ...he lost to Lleyton in straights today in a exhibition...press con tomorrow
tennis is fun but backhands are hard 
no Nadal at Wimbledon  http://bit.ly/cD4bC
Nadal may pull out of wimbledon 
I hope Andy Murray gets a good draw - and I really hope Rafa plays but it's not looking too good for him just now 
@Wimbledon blessing for nadal,he looks not well.  
Wondering if #Nadal will play at #Wimbledon. We will find out today for sure. It wont be the same without him 
@Wimbledon Why isn't Wimbledon radio on? 
Looks like Rafa is out of Wimbledon.  Proper gutted 
@Wimbledon What! I'm confused 
Ana gets a hoorendous draw. Dokic in the 3rd round and Venus in the 4th. 
Ana gets a horrendous draw. Dokic in the 3rd round and Venus in the 4th. 
@ChampionsTennis Gulbis is a mess these days  all Murray has to do is push the ball and he'll be ok
@waybeesy Re Wimbledon - you just reminded me - I'm allergic to strawberries 
is worried about Rafa  I want him to defend his title. #wimbledon
Rafa will have a press conference to announce whether he'll play Wimbledon. Tbh, I think we all know what he'll say. 
Rafa likely to resign from defending his Wimb crown... 
Nadal not playing at wimbledon 
Rafa isn't playing Wimbledon this year 
Rafa out of wimbledon 
Awww Nadal is not playing Wimbledon 
@Wimbledon That's so disappointing for everyone - especially Rafa 
Aww, no Nadal at Wimbledon this year.  #tennis
Oh no! No Nadal at Wimbledon! 
Oh, no Rafa at Wimbledon then? What a shame 
Rafa will not play Wimbledon.  
Nasal withdraws from Wimbledon. I am devestated 
Rafael Nadal confirms withdrawal from Wimbledon  . On the bright side Andy Murray may just have a chance of reaching the final now.
@brianchappell - Yep... Monfils, another exciting player is missing out on Wimbledon, too... 
Nadal announced he is not playing Wimbledon... 
Nadal not playing Wimbledon 
Rafael Nadal: &quot;To not play Wimbledon is one of the toughest decisions of my career.&quot; No Federer VS Nadal @Wimbledon 09 
NOOOOOOOOOOOO Nadal withdrew from wimbledon! 
#inaperfectworld Nadal would be fit for Wimbledon   
 nadal's not playing #wimbledon.
wtf? Rafa won't play? this fuckin sucks! who'll stop Fed now?? 
@andy_murray good news about Nadal eh? This could be your year. Pity my mum won't be parted from her ticket for centre court 
I'm feel so sad for Rafael Nadal   No Wimbledon for him this year. But I prefer to see him at 100%
With a boy in a rock and roll band. @Wimbledon One man down.  I'd expected another Roger-Rafa. Looks like I'll have to wait for 2010
Crumbs! So sorry to see Rafael Nadal withdrawing from Wimbledon 
Rafael Nadal pulls out of Wimbledon 2009  Hope Murray or Federer don't win now.
Crumbs! So sorry to see Rafael Nadal withdrawing from Wimbledon  LOL http://tinyurl.com/m3sku3
 re: Rafeal Nadal pulling out of Wimbleton.
Rafa withdraws!!  Looks like Federer will be no. 1 again 
Nadal pulled out of Wimbledon 
Oh, Rafa.  Wimbledon won't be the same without you.
Wimbledon without Rafa Nadal will be boring.  As long as Fed doesn't win, I guess I'll deal with it.
Rafa is out with an injury and Ana gets a very tough draw.  Good news, I got my computer back just in time for Wimbledon. No more thingy!
No Nadal at Wimbledon! Won't be the same 
Nadal won't be on Wimbledon....NOOOO *bawlllll*   
@ManxieFi @thelane He has tendinitis and cannot play at Wimbledon as he says he is not 100 % fit.     sorry for late reply was watching EE
Nadal out of Wimbledon 
OMG!!  I&quot;m SO SAD that Rafa Nadal won't be playing in Wimbledon      
Nadal pulls out of Wimbledon... Wat a shock early morning 
Nadal not playing wimbeldon..ooh..thats saaad! 
NO!! Defending champ at the Wimbledon, Rafa Nadal will not participate the tournament! I feel bad for him, and myself  What a loss of show
Rafa's out of Wimbledon. Sad. I was so waiting for Fed to put him in his place. Well I guess we will hav to make do with Murray now 
No Rafa at this year's Wimbledon?  
Rafa pulled out of Wimbledon!   hope he feels better soon!
is very upset about and for Nadal 
bye bye Rafael Nadal, guess we won't see U at Wimbledon this year  get well soon with d knee injury
gutted that Nadal isn't playing Wimbledon this year 
Nadal Withdraws From Wimbledon.... 
Nadal out of Wimbledon 
I should follow Rafa and pull out of the QF on Tue instead of jeopardizing my tennis future. And BTB like Rafa I have a knee problem too 
No Nadal at this year's Wimbledon...sad.....was so looking forward to Roger beating him at the finals 
Can't believe Nadal's pull out of Wimbledon!!!  
Wimbledon won't be the same without Nadal 
No major reason to watch Wimbledon then except for when I catch it randomly on tv while flipping channels. No Rafa  sigh.
No Rafa @ Wimbeldon 
Rafa is out of Wimbledon... an extremely tragic day...  http://bit.ly/ZovA2
@justingimelstob it does suck and I knew his knees would eventually give out on him.. especially before Wimbledon 
oh no, I can't believe Rafa is not playing Wimbledon this year 
Nadal has pulled out of Wimbledon. Gutted 
Boooo  Nadal withdraws from Wimbledon thats a shame no chance of seeing him then  x
Wimbledon is gonna be so boring without Rafa!!  He's the best and always a fighter *__*
@indie_eire I'm gutted that Rafa won't be there.  Doesn't seem the same to me. 
gutted that Nadal pulled out of Wimbledon!   won't be the same without him! hes the best! 
Boo hoo, Nadal has pulled out of Wimbledon!.. It just won't be the same not being able watch him pull his pants out of his arse 
is sad Nadal won't be at Wimbledon this year. 
Nadal is withdrawing from wimbledon. 
is so depressed by the news that Rafa won't be able to defend his title at Wimbledon. Great start to the weekend. 
Wimbledon video countdown: http://tr.im/p70f Saddest news so far. Not actually Rafa's fan but without him, the Wimbledon would be boring. 
Is thinking no Nadal vs. Federer for this years Wimbledon final 
No Federer Nadal final at Wimbledon this year.  What's the point?  
@ssssssarah Monfils really shud stop diving so much if he wants to stay uninjured 
Absolutely devastated that Rafa had to withdraw from Wimbledon!  The heart and soul of Wimby is out   
is super sad about Rafa Nadal's withdrawal fr wimby!hope he recovers soon.. 
OMFG No Nadal at this years Wimbledon, I think I officially want to cry now. Whats normally the best time of year, ended before it began! 
is sorry for nadal, who is out of Wimbledon    tournament 's fun is halved ..
very sad to find out Rafa isn't playing at Wimbledon this year  now who'll stop Roger :p we need someone too!! looks like a boring 2 weeks
Oh well, I was expecting it  but a small part of me was still hoping ... oh Rafa, what will Wimbledon be without you?   
There's no point in watching Wimby anymore. Rafa pulled out 
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Rafa is out of Wimbledon  I'm soooooo gutted.
No Rafa at Wimbledon 
watching the epic wimbledon final match from last year...... sadly Nadal wont be in the running this year 
Had a pleasant evening with her besties. But bleeaak that Rafa is not able 2 play at Wimbledon 
is shocked that Rafa withdrew from Wimbledon!!! hope he recovers soon.  http://plurk.com/p/12ajq0
is sad that Rafa Nadal can't defend his Wimbledon title.  I was looking forward to another Rafa-Roger finals ( #wimbledon
Rafa withdrew from Wimbledon.  Oh well, that's the best for him. I don't want him making his injury 100 times worse. Get well soon, Rafa!
Breaks my heart to see Rafa announcing his withdrawal. This isn't fair. 
Is absolutely gutted by Nadals withdrawal from Wimby 
Boo! No Rafa in Wimbledon...sadness! 
rafa (sniff) is not playing at Wimbledon (tear) poor rafa 
I'm so sad Rafa Nadal won't be playing at Wimbledon this year  hopefully Roger won't win it!
@sherell I'm totally sad that Rafa is missing. 
Phew!!! Nadal Withdraws from Wimbledon....Seems like some good time for Federer...Pozhachu po..Vera Ennatha Solla... 
sad news about Nadal's decision 
tried to stay up to catch Nadal's presscon at 1900 BST but fell asleep. woke up to see the bad news flashed across BBC: Nadal withdraws 
Rafa out of Wimbledon  Love Drunk by BLG out September 8
Nadal pulled out of wimbledon!!! i wanted a show down between rafa and fed ! 
Nadal won't play in Wimbledon.  Sayang.
nadal ;~~; wimbledon won't be the same without you.  (that means no epic federer/nadal match yet again ;;)
Well, Nadal is out, 15th for Federer? *Crosses fingers*  Debating on seeing Chelsea or Coldplay...tough decision 
@andyroddick I'm upset Nadal withdrew!  But hey, I hope you do GREAT in Wimbledon! Best of luck! Can't wait to see you play.
Looking forward to Wimbledon but no Nadal this year !! 
Im also quite gutted Nadal pulled out of wimbledon. 
 BBC: Champion Nadal out of Wimbledon http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/tennis/8085394.stm
noooo!! Nadal has pulled out of Wimbledon 
Rafa pulls out of Wimbeldon this year..    
@stairsteps Yes  Search Rafael Nadal on google hahaha
Poor Rafa Nadal...can't play in Wimbledon! Well there is really no point in me watching it now he won't be there! 
Oops. Nadal is officially out of Wimbledon. Okay lang, although I really wanted another Rog-Rafa epic match. 
Rafa out of Wimbly: major sadness 
Nadal out of Wimbledon  
Super sad at the fact that Rafa will not be playing Wimbledon   
#Nadal must miss this #WIMBLEDON  http://bit.ly/wUq5r  &quot;I tried everything&quot;
Well clearly no point in watching Wimbledon this year as Nadal isn't playing 
gutted about Rafa being out of Wimbledon 
I can't believe Nadal is out of wimbledon.....feel so bad for him. 
watching the AEGON International final in Eastbourne. still cheering for Wozniacki but feel really down 
I wanted to see Nadal in the flesh! Even if I'm not front row 
is sad  Rafa pulled out of Wimbledondue to a knee injury... http://plurk.com/p/12fdeq
@mmj86  Wimby is gonna suck this year now!! Im hoping Murray gets it now... well ne1 but Roger!
My longshot tip to win a few games at SW19 next week Frank Dancevic has needlessly exposed himself by getting to the final at Eastbourne 
I think Fed will be playing first on Monday since Nadal is gone 
I'm sad. Nadal had to pull out of Wimbledon  I hope he's going to be okay. Supporting Djokovic now :0
Nadal withdraws from Wimbeldon 
Cant believe they've moved the wimbledon schedule around so that Federer's half is playing on monday ....I don't get to see Roddick now 
US Open--looks like only 1/2 day since the rains are on their way. That was to be my afternoon activity 
I can't believe that Nadal has pulled out of Wimbledon  I like him! But come on Murray! 
@nadalnews Is Rafa heading straight home? To rest now?!  poor thing!
Nadal isnt playing in the wimbledon. 
So sad...Rafael Nadal withdrew from Wimbledon just before it starts. 
Nadal pulls out of Wimbledon 2009 because of injured knees 
@tmsenn14 Because of the Rafa-less Wimbledon?  
I cant even begin to state how disappointed I am with Nadal withdrawing from Wimbeldon 
id like Nadal to be 100% so Federer could beat him 
Rafa out of Wimbledon thru injury. Cr*p! No washout this year with the new roof operating, shame I wasn't lucky in the tic ballot 
@ImNateArchibald and why do u wanna be with me? *crying* cus Serena doesnt want u? 
@curlylou87 awww hun!!! u boycottin the wombledon .... no nadal is so upsettin!!!! 
Listening to @4everBrandy 's &quot;Open&quot; this song takes me back.. In a sad way. 
Getting excited for Wimbledon! ...even sans Rafa. 
Monday mark the start of Wimbledon, fingers tingkling on the prospect of great tennis. Sad that Nadal is out, want the epic final again. 
Aw, Nadal out of Wimbledon? Shame  Ah well, night everyone o/
is so upset that Nadal pulled out of Wimbledon 
Boo!  No Rafa at Wimbledon 
is kind of disappointed Nadal won't play in Wimbledon. 
&quot;Roger Federer saddened that Nadal won't be at Wimbledon&quot; &lt;-- ME TOOOOOO 
Is not excited about Wimbledon as nadal is not playing 
what ???? no Nadal at whimby???? I kinda like him now!! just won't be the same 
Just watched an interview with Rafa, talking about Wimbledon. Says it's his favourite tournament. Poor nino 
My banty chick Serena died overnight 
Actually, US Open is my favorite golf major (British is 2nd), but too bad the rain simply destroyed it this year. 
Wimbledon without Rafael Nadal, such a great loss..  Hoping the young Scott, Andy Murray wins the grass!!
@lydiasui you still going to Wimbledon on Saturday? And I'm soooo gutted Rafa's not there 
No Nadal in Wimbledon!!  Federer #15 without effort I suppose.. 
I am cheering on Fernando Verdasco for Wimbledon! Though it's not the quite the same as cheering for Rafael Nadal 
I can't believe Nadal  is out of Wimbledon. 
very sad no nadal in wimbledon its not the same 
@Wimbledon is spamming my twitter  come on djokovic!
Glad Djokovic won but I feel horrible for Benneteau. He took a serious beating out there. 
The USOpen is over...I'm sad 
US Open  Mickelson...what happened?  I was counting on you! oh well.
@serenajwilliams The &quot;No Grunting&quot; rule is the dumbest rule of them all..But they should not mess with an athlete and their food either. 
Wimbledon: thank god bb Nole pulled through for me. 
so excited for Wimbledon opening day! so unexcited Nadal won't be there this year  if he loses his #1 ranking to Federer, I will be sad
Rafa's not playing Wimbledon? Meh don't think I'll bother with it this year 
The Championships, or any other Slam for that matter, ain't never the same without 'cha. We miss you, Rafa. 
they should be streaming Wimbledon for free online 
@Grake, ever since Miami, people have been whispering about the possibility of Rafa having personal problems. I hope he'll be ok. 
@Wimbledon what happend with Dimitrov? 
@Wimbledon come on guys, more tweets and news on the english hopes, you're severely lacking them (and now we've lost most  )
@Karen230683 I was watching @andyroddick on HD but they've gone off to watch some no hope Briton against Llodra 
oh, Chardy - hubba hubba! too bad he lost another set 
Watching Andy.. so happy he's playing so well! Unfortunately it's against Chardy 
oh, Chardy - hubba hubba! too bad he lost another set  #Wimbledon
I'm missing Roddick play at Wimbledon  anyone know how he is doing?
@Wimbledon it was horrible to watch, poor anne 
Ivanovic is about to take the court and I have to go to work 
 its okay Falla next year...
had last lesson of tennis today, now i feel like im ready to take on Wimbledon &amp; the world, but before must write history essay! 
@e_van_h_esq Wimbledon is great stuff but not as great with nadal 
Mauresmo won.  But it was nice game.
Looks like Safin will get rid of those ranking points sooner than I thought  he's down a break in the 4th #wimbledon
@Wimbledon Poor Marat, he's one of my favourites players 
I guess Marat is back to his grass is for cows theory. 
Just saw Safin lose most probably his last ever Wimbledon match...sad   
So sad Safin lost the third set due to a bad call. Threw off the rest of his game. It's too early for him to leave Wimbledon. 
@Rkoluvsdiana sadly I am at work when Sharapova is playing so will have to watch her on the highlights 
@Rkoluvsdiana sadly I am at work when Sharapova is playing tomorrow so will have to watch her on the highlights 
Marat Safin has lost his match 
Safin is out.  I can't believe it.  I love Safin.  So sad. 
@geminiawakening This happened within a week of my Venus return, but all the sweets I got was just sugar sweets 
@sararamli watching wimby? nadal not playing 
@Calethia gutted for your boy at Wimbledon  x
used to love watching @Wimbledon Now it makes me sad; I really miss  @Tim_Henman 
What a horrible day for my players at Wimbledon e.g Chakvetadze, Dimirtov, Bondarenko, Goerges    Sad Day.
work, check. shower, check. laundry, check. Federer win, check. Phillies win, not check.  sleep for a million years... working on it.
It's 6am and I am going to Wimbledon (this time, without a ticket  ) This is going to be a long day at the queues... Go Murray!
Wimbledon is not the same without Lindsay! 
Maria Sharapova is out.  but Elena Dementieva, Ana Ivanovic still in. I love tennis goddesses!
@feralpossum I'm so depressed that Rafa is out 
Sharapova out of Wimbledon.....so early 
@SLGneil it was awesome! We just got ground tickets and managed to see a good match between Spadea &amp; Andreev . No Murray though  
Federrer in third round but Maria out of Wimbledon 
@inorio So jealous...I'm desperate to watch Wimbledon but am still boycotting DTV. 
@dontcallmebones ha.that match was an epic. Sharapova (sadly) wasn't good enough 
Work here is sooooo boring!!! I wish I was back at Wimbledon...but I guess I gotta just deal with it  gonna be back at Wimbledon soon tho!
Wimbledon first week has been damn boring 
Hayfever is not good, but it will get alot worse if I have to go out to a grass fire  shame sharapova is out of Wimbledon !
watching the tennis - Sam Stosur is not playing too well today. 
Oh dear, my Devilder prediction wasn't the best....sorry Irena   I only saw the 3rd, Hanescu was pounding the ball and not missing.
Williams match over and @andyroddick is up next and I have to go out in a few  and the Del Potro Hewitt match looks to be a good one
When is Roddick playing @ Wimbledon? Does somebody know? Anyone? 
gutted that i have no telly to watch Wimbers... more gutted about the whole Rafa thing  who do i support now my boy's not playing???
@hank_honker Oops just picked up your message, busy with new i phone. Baltacha lost 1st set 5-7 after being 3-1 up. 
Watching Hewitt and Del Potro. It's a good match. Hope Lleyton can finish him off. Been a bad day for me so far 
Oh DelPo, not such a good day at the office for you. 
Not happy. 1st no Nadal, now no more Del Potro. To top it off I bet Murray wins 
Wimbledon is killing me. First Sharapova yesterday - Del Potro today.  Enough of this - gone to play my own tennis match. Haha.
WTA. Total screwup today, as Errani just surrendered in the second set. I am 1-9 in the last ten predictions 
Baltacha out in staight sets, shame 
Bah. I cannot get iplayer to work on the tv. I was hoping to see the Mauresmo match, but am now relegated to iplayer online 
I've got to be honest, i hate Wimbledon. With a passion. now its clogging all my twitter update  time for a twitter withdrawal i think.
Wimbledon again...whilst eating raspberries.  They were to be accompanied by blackberries but they'd grown fur 
Just found out Sharapova is out already  Will have to support Maria Kirilenko instead then. And whoever Andy Murray is playing obviously!
Hewitt smacked the crap out of Del Potro. I'm sad. 
4-4 second set...Wozniacki is shit atm 
Wimbledon app however is pretty good (needs wifi), Maria Sharapova is out though 
mhm up. ohh early for me!- &amp; i feel like whatching Open arms again  [by gary go] 
Having a nice cup of newly brewed Serena coffee 
doing homework and watching a tennis match. Goo Rafa 
is in love with Nadal 
@shaggieshapiro Peer pressure is a hell of a thing ) But in an interesting way it shows we are better than most of them 
from #F1 now onto Nadal versus Murray  hard work watching all those sports on sunday afternoon
@chhophyel Nadal  Haha , but Djokovic is leading in the second set . Nadal took the first set . Are you watching ? 
The big match at monte carlo tomorrow noon!  Djokovic!
After 41 consecutive sets won on clay, Rafael Nadal loses one. Will he lose another one, consecutively?  Go Djokovic!
Another great days diving, another Open Water student finished successfully 
@Sexyfrty2 Wish I saw the #Nadal vs #Djokovic match...Would've been awesome! Always a pleasure watching Nadal play 
Rafa won convincingly in the end  nearly finished this thematic thank god!
YES! Nadal won! Better for Andy!  Novak did well though
@JelenaJankovic aeropro drive w/ cortex! nadal's racket 
Happy to hear Kim Clijsters is coming out of retirement! and Monica Seles will be inducted into the Tennis Hall of Fame this July 
Open a window 
@arpit105 why arent you giving credit to TheMorningAfter theme in footer.. why nt support Open source 
awww jonathan clay 
YES!! Nole KICKED Fed's ass!! That SHOULD be enough for him to at least hold on to #3 and not have Murray leapfrog over him!! 
Gaudio is back to final, long live the cat 
@Paulston And I'll be the Swede in the middle drinking 
@justineville yeah. i just cross my fingers that it's not with Seve and I'll be fine.  Haha, what did they say?
&quot;Open the file in your favorite editor&quot; - ?????? ?? ??? ????? ?????? linux. 
@braveheartbri As much as I like to see Novak keeping the No.3 spot, I still want to see Nadal lifting the trophy at the end of the day 
@serenawet http://twitpic.com/4fm68 - LOL! I love it! I had so much fun with you Serena! 
watching tennis final Djokovic-Nadal 
Getting ready for church and bummed I cannot watch Rafa whoop Djokovic LIVE, I'll settle for DVR I suppose 
Watching the final... I think I know who the champion is. Rafa? 
#Nadal is doing it again. Novak is stuck making impression to collect the runner up check 
@langfordperry if Roddick, Nadal, Federer or Djokovic challenged you to a match, would you accept? maybe even taking on Rainn Wilson? 
@chuljung the moment I have time!  ... WOW Lucifron to win the Masters, really unexpected, that is good news!
@serenajwilliams Hi Serena just want to say good luck in Madrid and Paris this month 
@Wimbledon_Info I definitely think Rafa will make it to the finals.  I hope his body can keep it up 
Looking forward to seeing Agassi and Stefi play under the roof at Wimbeldon 
Looking forward to seeing Agassi and Stefi play under the roof at Wimbledon 
Lesson learned: Tennis, table tennis and badminton all uses different strokes!! Kudos to Rafael Nadal !! I'm a Rafael-wannabe! lol 
@serenajwilliams hey Serena,how are you?looove your twitter background..amazing pic  hope you had great weekand.
Nadal VS Federer on right now! VAMOS RAFA!!!!!!!!!! 
@Paisano No, Nadal will still WIN the French Open. 
@hkrohnert We saw the game! It was amazing! 6-4, 6-4. Federer was a true master today. In the Lions' den. Go Roger! 
Federer is serving for the match against Nadal 
Federer is so humble. I'm so happy he won 
@indigo777 Didn't see the final but Nadal didn't seem to be playing at 100% fitness yesterday. Perhaps that helped Federer too 
@pinpoint_uk Slam dunks going to be rad. come see me at the wato merch desk   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
@achenderson I'm pulling for Roger Federer  - and Who are u pulling for ?
@ptam512 on clay no less!  i didn't know fed had it in him still 
OK kids. Heading to bed. Open to suggestions on how to stop freaking out when I start writing tho 
@crustydolphin Bloody awesome effort mate.. for a sheila   Btw, looked for u in the crowd at Wimbledon in the news... didn't see you. 
@Wimbledon Couldnt watch most of it cuz of Madrid, but thought the twittage was gr8.  Tho something like that 4 every match might bit much
just completed skills check-off &amp;am recertified in CPR :* Open up 
Wimbledon has a New retractable roof on Center Court -  which was debuted by the great Steffi Graf and some guy she married named Andre  
French Open draw out in approximately 1 hour and 41 minutes. Feel like giving Roger Federer a golden ticket? 
@risha_ I shall try and follow Rafa's fine example! 
@otherbella can I just... have Serena? 
Open Happiness 
mails done, prepared for the trip to Rome - now time for a coffee in the Open Office in the sun 
4 hours of tennis playing today has slaughtered me! Still, I can only really serve from the left corner of the court. Not Nadal - yet... 
