Most common words for this cluster:
[('nails', 213), ('nail', 116), ('polish', 31), ('needles', 17), ('pins', 10), ('done', 9), ('com', 9), ('glue', 8), ('toenail', 7), ('manicure', 7), ('paint', 7), ('amp', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'nails', 0.9211105108261108), (u'nail', 0.7523523569107056), (u'coffin_Sosman', 0.6630651354789734), (u'fingernails', 0.6111844778060913), (u'toenails', 0.6053732633590698), (u'ingrown_toe', 0.6032071113586426), (u'spackling_compound', 0.6026425957679749), (u'Elbow_grease', 0.5907373428344727), (u'screwdriver_scissors', 0.5899292826652527), (u'acrylic_nails', 0.5883072018623352)]





all thats stapling chipped my nails 
ouch my toenail... aaaaaaaa 
glues not coming off. it is sooo irritating 
Wants to get her nails done 
and I broke a fucking nail. 
Is sad. she broke her nail bowling 
I'm super disappointed in myself  i bit off all my pretty nails
@janemcmurry too bad i don't have one of those fancy nail dryers. I messed them up a little 
urghhhh, all my glue is dried up. 
painting my nails...sick  [text meee]
@leocomerlato i should have followed you back and drove you to combs. 
urgh ive got paint all in my nails thanks to art :@, grr bloody sponges create a  nice effect if you paint with them, but ruin ur nails 
Painting your nails ten minutes before you're due to leave = messy hands/nails/clothes 
@xsparkage pretty! I wish I had nails that suit nailpolish. I hate wearing it 
@Neekatron I dropped it in a driveway  I've dropped it a couple of times before - I think this was the final nail in the coffin?
so the doc just wants 2 chat about investments &amp; property but eventually checks my bp &amp; says I might be allergic 2 my nail varnish 
is exceptionally bad at nail varnish application despite her gender 
my pinky acrylic just came off  fuckkkk my nails are gonna suckkkk once they come off (((
damn....why did i have to cut my nails.. now i cant replace the batteries in my mouse.. 
http://twitpic.com/4inq9 - braless with chipped nails 
stepped on a nail on the steps where my parents are tearing up carpet .. now my foot hurts 
i have like no brushes  need to buy more...
Cutting my nails. The one thing I don't like about piano.... 
I need to cut my nails 
cant stop chewing her nails off 
got new rubber for my braces! still heartbroken 'cause i have 100% cannot see the 2 davids here... wwaaaaaaaaahhhhh! 
MANNNNNN i messed my nails up 
@misshollister how cute! i never polish my nails 
@RealAudreyKitch aww that's too bad  but white nail polish pwns !
looking for a black nail polish 
damn! my black nail polish is practically finished, so it's looking really crap 
just broke my nail 
A hacksaw would have been nice.    This is so cool.
i want scissors 
@sammythe59sound tottaly agree- love the manics, cant believe they clash with nine inch nails at t in the park 
the nail polish on my pinky nail chipped... 
my nail cut came off  it was SO SO SO long *crys*
Ah shit I lost my good tweezers, 
has cut all her nails off 
@beebeesmaks I plastered the carpet, am covered in paint, have a burn on my thumb and stinging nettled knuckles 
just broke 3 sewing machine needles 
I have an ingrown toenail (gross, I know) &amp; it bloody hurts 
want to go home and paint my nails pretty colours 
i have successfully chewed off all of my nails. now i don't have anymore to bite 
Some voices first thing in the morning are like nails on a chalkboard. 
ouchhh no nail.. 
@SarahCyrus u made  because I would color my nail black? xD
trying 2 paint nails, decides to stalk amanda on twitter only to find she doesn't exist to her  dreams slowly die
back nearly broke from painting my nails 
What the hell! I have to cut my nails again? 
I just took my nails off  argg now all my fingers hurt 
My nails are ruined from prom 
i can't find my nail clippers. i need them! my fingernails are at a dangerous length. i keep scratching myself 
one of my thumb nails broke 
still atemping to get the paint off my nails. maybe I should start investing in *shudder* oil paints. 
@steve_caruso So I took the polish off of the nail of the finger the door handle murdered earlier, and well... it's not pretty.... 
perky purple nail polish isn't as perky when its chipped 
going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off 
i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little.. 
i hate when i paint my nails because then i cant suck my thumb because it tastes bad 
10) I'm allergic to hot wax 
Shiiit, I broke my prettiest nail. 
regretting the airbrush design on the nails...looks cheap 
@JarynLH I don't think those polishes are out yet, and if they are I don't have them 
i feel like i've had pieces of wood shoved under my fingernails....oh wait i have 
I took all my nail polish off my nails  I give up
is upset she couldnt get her nails done coz the nails parlour was full! 
@misterphipps I wish I were there myself, so I too could have a lick of it. 
i really suck @ doin my own nails &amp; i wish my niece was old enough to paint my nails for me but she cant even color in the lines yet 
@keyana_sodmq lmfao ! i have a habit of biting my nails  therefore, they don't grow that long ..
@librarygrrrl aww! i was always afraid of doing that when cutting my bunny's nails 
i had a dream that my lv nails fell off and i was so sad 
i had a dream that my lv nails fell off and i was so sad : i had a dream that my lv nails fell off and i was so sad 
well appearantly im not getting my nails done isnt that just freakin fantastic i was wanting to get them done really bad 
my nails broke!! Now i feel useless 
I broke my thumb nail yesterday and today I bent my pinky nail but it didn't break.  It just hurtssss. 
going to the mall with the grandkids and I clipped my nails... they are all jagged now. 
I am very bad at painting my nails...  http://tinyurl.com/o9bpap
ah, i have pins and needles 
R.I.P dearly beloved big toenail 
And also my nails are super sensitive cos i took my acrylic nails off to get them redone 
ouch to hang nails... 
My nails are short. 
I burned my forehead with my curling iron 
I broke my acrylic nails 
@whiteblouse I just got both &amp; I've already chipped a nail. It made me so mad.  http://myloc.me/2a2Q
i really must stop biting my nails 
just broke two nails  haha. Have to re-do them now.
I've given up on my nails. I manage to break non existent nails.  
Ouchies! Found that I have another infected toenail.  Probably the last one I'll have in a while 'cos I've stopped picking at my nails! &lt;D
@HeroesLegacy @missGEEvious ahhh! phil told me ... its what they do to clothesss and nails! I WANT ONE 
I miss my toenail. 
gahh ruined my nails trying to fix them...oh well 
bowling with fake nails = hurtful. 
Ouchhh, just caught my nail on the door handle 
fingers are hurting from playing the guitar - need to toughen up!! (and cut my nails     - not happy about that!)
Breaking a finger nail is a million times more unpleasent when your nails are real. 
@maxime68 no, i don't think so  . you might have the tools, but i will at least bring my own chisels and shavers and planer.
Fxck. I just cut off my nail, and it won't stop bleeding 
is so annoyed, she broke her nail right down to the nail bed 
I just spilled nail polish on my laptop 
Saying good bye to the high lighter yellow nail polish...my professors don't like it 
Needs good tips to stop biting my nails. So not very lady like... 
painting my nails. I hope not destroy it..... 
@g3mini521 ouch, hate paper cuts! especially if it's right under the nail, or where your finger bends 
@mollliemcfly i just put  ton of nail glue on and i have a headache noww 
Oh I managed to paint my nails while tipsy but I've just chipped them trying to get more ice out 
I got stingy needles on my knuckle 
I was shootin' hoops, and the ball hit the tip of my finger. It bent my nail back and pulled it away from the skin. It really hurts 
damn it.. one of my nails just ripped half off.. and i don't know why..  my nails never grow long..
@krissy90220 I have this nail strengther from them but nothing works for my  nails 
2 of my nails broke 
home from a walk with my babes... now relaxing.. I need to do my nails..  I need to go nail polish shopping...
just did my nails and am now doin the dishes 
isn't lady-like enough to manage acrylic nails 
@ChantiParnell I fancied scampie  it's so annoying in ways :/ but I guess it's her nail persons fault for being late... But still -.-
http://twitpic.com/6hzp4 - not black nails..dark red! but it's looking brown 
I need a plaster 
is doing homework and has pins and needles 
I want a tatto, but i'm really bad with needles!  annoying!
@wordybirdee awwww i'm sorry  didcha nail his ass to the wall last night?
@egregiouslypink ... it's wax 
ugh!! i didnt take my braces off all they did was take molds for a retainer 
ugh!! i didnt take my braces off all they did was take molds for a retainer 
pins and fuckin needles 
need to stop biting my nails. its a sicken habit 
:@ got pins and needles 
Just painted nails and then got ruin 
Gaaah I'd rather watch grass grow than wait for nail varnish to dry it keeps smudging 
@KikiDarling me too it feels like pins and needles 
ugh, i just licked my fingers after taking off my nail polish 
Dammit. I dont have any of my nail polish here except for purple. I need red! 
@achokshi I want you to paint my nails.....  
no more colored nails 
nails are still wet. no breakfast for me! 
I don't like having to take off all of my nail polish. 
why do finger nails grow so slow 
I hate my nails!! Are horrible!! 
NO! i just bit my nail off  i was trying so hard to grow them!
Why is it so pissing hard to hammer a nail in a wall!? I've ran out of nails, they're all bent 
@reamer77 it's never long enough though 
y cant we wear nail polish 2work?????????????????????? 
my nail polish drawer just completely fell out and one of the opi ones shattered and it's all over the floor 
@MyCheMicALmuse pleaseeee tell me? -bites nails- what happened? 
what happened to my nail care kit?! it driving me nuts!!! 
Bit my juciy thumb nail off. 
I have a sudden urge to go to the nail salon and get tips! I know I know I shldnt, but it looks cool on others...y don't my nails grow 
I just broke a nail bowling  can I b anymore gay lol
Just ripped my toenail off... 
I HATE to break a nail. the rest are so long. it looks odd. 
Bitng my nails off waiting to see if the Swifts won. They lost. 
Just painted my nails purple but it got destroyed 'cause I accidentally touch some papers before it dried. 
I accidentally scratched jeremie and she started bleeding.  note to self: clip nails...
I'm wearing nail polish that doesn't peal off, oh myyyyyy. This makes me very angry 
Oh and they also cut my nails with this giant steel cutter. I was really scared at first  But then I got the hang of it.
My nail polish fell and broke  now I have to go look for the same shade again
gettin' tired  ... i love my new nail color ! coral - just amazing!
so i hit myself in the face with my nail and i am now missing two pieces of skin... i look really stupid 
I nicked L's fingertip while cutting his nails.  Thankfully, he smiled and laughed instead of crying.
3 days since I had this manicure done and every single nail is chipped. Ffs 
not working the nine inch nails show boo! o well guess i'll have to make up my own work boring   !!!
i broke a nail 
yardwork is torture on my nails - goodbye nice manicure 
I need some poop-flavored nail poilsh, so I'll stop biting my nails. 
my pinky toe nails just feel off  do i paint the skin so no one notices?
@arianna1010 hahaha, i miss mcdo  and and and COKEFLOAT  haha, are you getting your nails done? :p
i have pins n needles 
no mre nail polish for now.. 
i wish i knew how to paint my nails 
my nails are .......... ugly 
is repairing the cracked pinkie nail, that caught the hair and was unpleasant 
my fingers hurt from biting my nails.  damn it.
*sigh* left my fav nail polish @ salon, not even worth me going to get it.. They  prolly mixed it by now 
we didn't have any cake  and my nails look terrible. not a good day for me.
My toenails hurt and I don't understand it! 
Sitting@ the vets office...waiting to have them look at a broken toe nail. 
@warlach woo hoo, now I just have to start cutting my nails so I can actually use an iphone 
I fail at doing my own nails. 
Just fucked up ma nail ugggh 
my nails are screaming for a manicure but i'm too broke. 
extremely ill. going to er.  i hate needles.
i keep breaking my nails 
hate acrylic nails, they decided to chip off. 
My nail colour is chipping!  spamming lots of top coat but looks like shit now :/
dont you hate when you cut your nails too short and they end up hurting 
@vanloove  hey its not funny,it really pains when they scratch you with their nails 
not so amused to have to fish him out - nails will never be the same again 
Just gettin my nails done,, auwww it hurts 
my nails need to stop breaking 
@emmao414 i'd def buy them again, i lost them  using a pair i got from posh nails in lisburn at min and they're also gorge. dnt know make!
i lose a nail whit a table 
I got nail glue on my tongue 
its hard to type with fake nails 
at the nail salon waiting for ariel i don't get to have my nails done 
I can't find any of my tweezers 
headache's are like splinters under my fingernails... at least to me they are 
The lady that did my nails hurt me so bad!  now i feel like tom from tom and jerry when his fingers get smashed with a hammer!
painting my nail 
painting my nails 
noooooooooooooooooooooooo I broke a nail  it was so long 
downfall of being a bassist... chipped my new manicure nails   downfall of being a lazy bassist... i have a blister... (
@leahbasskitten   not the pretty new nails
ack! my nails are too long... no good when you're on a computer all day long. cutting my beautiful nails. 
Playing around on Photoscape and nursing my scissor cut... 
took the biggest nail clippers i could find and chopped my acrylic nails off... my poor nails look like they got jack hammered 
@JennyJennJenn awww  i'll come over and we'll watch chick flicks and paint our nails and go shoppingx
has pins and needles in her tootsies 
sad because I cut my nails.. I never had short nails in so long! I feel like I have boy hands 
@shellki It is tempting, but with my nails I don't think it's a skill I can acquire... I'm text disabled. 
doing my nails and waiting for the plane 
jist finished my nails. now off to the dentist 
Wowww, I have nails in both of my back tires 
pins + needles 
i'm biting my nails again 
My nail came off 
All my nails are getting pampered... 
i will never go to tht nail salon again. i had an appt. at 3 but i didnt get to go until almost 4:30 and my nails dont even look tht good 
Everyone voted that this nail polish was barfy.  I liked it.  http://twitpic.com/7ohbq
ewww if i work at fazoli's i have to year a viser...and ugly shoes...and a pony tail...and no nail polish 
you can't go to an interview with purple nails. 
you cant go to an interview with purple nails. buh bye opi done out in deco 
Someone do my nails for me please! 
This job is hell on my hands. I can barely touch anything without splitting my fingertips open or breaking my nails out of the nail beds. 
I loathe filing my nails down 
I am awful at painting toe nails. It scares me too much 
@tooshbag but but but laurens hotttttt. Why didn't see wax it 
http://twitpic.com/7nzei - I hurt it on the curb when i was giving amanda her clothes and i broke my nail  and my little toes are brui ...
i want short nails!! fucking gel shit that cant be removed. 
don't know why, but i want grey nail polish. but  i can't find it anywhere. 
Going to get my nails done..they b actin up here @nishababyy u still b in crazynails?? I miss them 
lost my pink nail kit and I highly doubt there more at work 
my nails are a mess 
i chipped a nail!  gotta repaint them
so annoyed !! just got nail polish on my down comforter! trying to get the stain out..with no luck 
I need to cut my nails. Haha. I wish I could get a manicure  But alas, no nail polish is to be worn at work.
i just picked off all of my nail polish...now i have to re-do them  haha bad decision on my part
i need a manicure...im sorry nails ! 
Man i messed up my nail polish! 
go ez on my pic...i didn't have no makeup on &amp; all my nails is broke!  i need some calcium in my like
@wyclef go ez on my pic...i didn't have no makeup on &amp; all my nails is broke!  i need some calcium in my life
I completely forgot that I bit my nails off last night for softball as they were digging into my hands! they look horrid now 
http://twitpic.com/7snm9 - There are crackwhores with nicer nails than me 
I think my nails are beyond repair 
DAMNIT! I just broke a nail! 
I just broke a nail 
On a bed of nails he makes me wait....and I wait without you... 
my nails hurt 
I wish I could get my nails done like I used to. 
And i'm a dumbass and just spilled nail polish on myself 
blecch! my hands smell like nail polish remover 
It's so hot that the glue holding my fingerboard to my neck dissolved. The fingerboard then separated and fell off  just before our set! 
Just got my nails done today and I already chipped the polish on 2 nails!!! 
@AshleyDolltm I don't mind so much, it just makes my nails super ugly 
@STORYofFAME lmao no ! i only got to do my hair and nails....lolz i wanted to get my toes and nails done to 
all my nails are broken. 
http://twitpic.com/7vp0o - got my nails done did with @jessrioss but now i cant type or scratch 
upset how my nail polish got all messed up 
uh. i dont think my nail polish looks good. 
my false nail has just fallen off  looks silly now.. hah! xx
has just spilt pink nail varnish all over her new carpet 
@sabrina_uno go ghetto and get it. I want to get my nails did. 
I've broken my nail 
just buffered and painted my nails with silver sparkles.. i'm so gay. i have horrible womanly cramps right now! 
My blue nail polish is finally chipping.  At least it made it through the M&amp;G I guess!
F U nail for ruining my tire and making me have to replace u and you back brother!!! I seriously want to cry right now! 
@mrstessyman  Did you get your needles ordered?  I looked at the kits, but most of them don't go to small enough sizes for me  
my nails are so sore 
the wire on my braces is too long and is cutting through my cheek. farrrrrrrk it hurts 
has really hurt her nail! Ouuchhh 
I guess my nails are not made for nail polish 
urgh gotta take all my nail varnish off for work at hospital toz  this is not fair 
just cut my longest nail 
Bad pins and needles 
just done my nails and ive messed them up compleatly 
Getting my nails fixed.  @ me spending the rest of my money on my damn nails lolol gotta be careful!
has got pins &amp; needles and dizzy so going to lie down before I faint 
@AlexofLiveagl the glue is like krazy glue and i basically ripped half of my real lashes off trying to remove them 
I broke half of my toenail off 
Doing laundry. Probably going to get some ink done today... I misplaced my nail polish bag.  weak.
@leecarrlive u glue it back together with krazy glue 
i cant open it!!  and im scared of scissors okay
I broke my big toe nail and now its gushing blood everywhere. 
Going to sleep. And I'm upset that I broke my pencil sharpener 
@ruthiedot so aftr I took the nails off I had grown my own, polishing them etc, but then I took the polish off n I've been biting em off 
I wish i had a pretty nail polish colour 
neither acetone or hot water has worked im stuck with crappy nails 
I stink at painting my own nails 
Ugh, not looking forward to this, not at all. I hate needles, I HATE needles.  I'm going to hyperventilate or worse.... 
I suck in putting on nail polish by myself. It'll be super messy! 
i just finished doing my nails, they are electric blue 
going to paint my nails then get some foood 
@tangerinenights black nails?..that should look reaal good! 
waiting for dacie to get her nails did, then to big lots and arbys. 
In a mint clay mask, doing my nails and whatnot. Wooooot. 
I need black nail polish after working in garden 
Just painted my nails in peppermint patti!! off to bed now goodnight twitter people   http://twitpic.com/3kxb6
just did my nails 
waiting for my nails to dry so I can put a top clear coat on and btw they are black 
going to bed now.  my nails are neon pink 
waiting for the nail polish to dry. i can finally rock 'em sandals! this is my kind of weather 
Painting my nails 
Bringing in sandal season with black cherry nail varnish 
really likes her nails right now.. thanks ash 
doing my nails 
fixing to go get my nails done  texxxtt me.
re-teaching myself how to play guitar  step one: cut my nails
@MarkChing gettn nails done. 
@nikibrown but I always look for brushes 
goo baacck ;D doing my nails 
My nails match my shirt!! 
nail salonn with aunty!! 
back from new hampshire. actually really fun  i want these nail tips off nowwwww
Has just returned from shopping trip, wit lip gloss, eye shadow, nail file, nail polish, and many pairs of earings 
I just painted dice on my nails  I totally love how it looks.
@MariahCarey I feel sorry for your nails. lol... I feel fine thank you 
just finished painting my nails a nice coral colour... I'm feeling all summery 
@reverend_bunnie I guess the nail biting is fun though 
@flandersvision you're biting nails and my hubby is currently pacing the floors  #mavs
painting my nails 
love my purple nail polish, though... 
i'm doing my nails.  I'm going with yellow now.    hehehe.
is going to put fake nails on!! they r sooo pretty!! 
Just finished filling in my nails...I did better than I thought I could!  
cute purple nail polish thanks too @annnaabanana 
I's getting there, still 7 drawers to go, one small new wound, and 3 broken nails........but who is counting? 
http://twitpic.com/5crtl - isn't obvious that i really loved my new nail polish! haha  LOL o_0
painting my nails very very bright pink .. I &lt;3 it 
painting my nails  i'm so bored.
manicure done: today -&gt; black nails 
about to get my nails done 
What colour should I paint my nails? 
just painted my nails purple! 
i just got back from getting my nails done and i love them 
Just finished coloring my nails purple 
@alchemist05; cool tattoo! and i love your nails. 
Has finished her nails  and is now waiting for them too dryy
@massacregirl you're weird, like me. we should stick together  *glues*
just painted her toe nails blue.. 
painting my nails white. 
I now have blue nails  although I've got more nail polish on my fingers than I have on my nails :S
painting my nails again. 
getting my nails doneee. graduation later 
@ckellyireland7 how's the zebra nails? 
@brand89 really? i thot you'd do your nails. not like paint them but i do see guys getting manicures lol at least you understand. ily 
just finished polishing my nails...goodnite 
@comeagainjen your nails look awesome 
is being chopped up by 3 sets of front and back kitten nails. Its quite painful, but enjoyable at the same time because of their cuteness 
oh wells off to paint my nails, i'll be close if you need me! 
painting toe nails balck fort omorrow, finger nail l8er 
Just realized this O.P.I nail polish is poppin...toesies still looking rather dashing 
Painting my nails with my brand spankin new nail polish 
