Most common words for this cluster:
[('nap', 486), ('sleepy', 60), ('time', 34), ('hour', 20), ('naps', 19), ('sleep', 18), ('com', 17), ('bedtime', 16), ('lol', 15), ('na', 14), ('p', 13), ('hours', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'nap', 0.9662785530090332), (u'naps', 0.788837194442749), (u'snooze', 0.6934105157852173), (u'catnap', 0.6922490000724792), (u'catnaps', 0.6594650149345398), (u'sleep', 0.6586482524871826), (u'doze', 0.6303563714027405), (u'napping', 0.6279017925262451), (u'bedtime', 0.6277692317962646), (u'forty_winks', 0.6157529950141907)]





the 15 min nap at my desk din help 
would like a nap but can't 
I'm sick and taking a nap 
Sitting down relax I feel so sick 
That last tweet was meant to be sent before the nap I just woke up from. D'oh! 
My husband gets a nap.  I don't.  
new nap routine not going so well 
just woke up from a nap, am starving but not in the mood to cook. 
@SarahGrace1  You should take a good nap before you do
I woke up from nap and the #chickintrain is not here. Looks like short distance. Now wonder she din have bags i could help her with. 
wonders why am i still sleepy even after a 3 hours nap...?   http://plurk.com/p/p0eat
still feeling sick  2 hour nap with horhay and im still sleepy! wtf
it's raining  makes me want to go home that much more.. i need a nap!!!
@lilethiopian i wish we had nap time for classes longer than 90 minutes, pull out them blue mats ahh..so tired now 
says cold, headache, and tons of homeworks. oh well, shower, nap, and eat first.  http://plurk.com/p/pb3q1
my nap turned into.... oh well up now 
jst woke up from a very long nap... i feel sick.. 
has decided I need to make myself a bedtime. 
i need a nap. then going back to canadian lakes to work 
Wants a nap 
Still waiting for my nap 
Is taking a nap before more whomework.... 
@josephchristian haha after my nap! I got about 2 hours of sleep 
@a_broo that freaking nap lasted for 3 1/2 hours and I have finals 
tired. oh so tired. i even took a nap but  to no avail 
sad that my store manager just woke me up from my nap 
sleepy...not done editing...will annoy me if I don't finish...didn't do my homework...looks like I'm pulling an all nighter. 
shouldn't have taken a FOUR hr nap today..ahh I will never ever sleep tonight 
well I THOUGHT I was going to bed but I'm no longer sleepy. krud 
Turns out that lovely post-triathlon nap is not making for easy sleep tonite 
So sleepy but can't fall asleep. 
so sleepy.  does not want to work~~
7 hour nap making it impossible to go to bed now! 
Couldn't hang with the fam so I think ill take a nap or study. 
i just woke up. i only had 1 hour of sleep so it was just a nap 
I woke up from a long nap ... now I don't feel like going out.  
so much for taking a nap.....ugh....little kid staying with us is loud with high pitched voice 
my daughter took a nap this afternoon. she's still up. this is why we banned naps 
I was doing so well on just 4 hrs of sleep...but I'm starting to feel defeated  showered, fed (well a snack) and sleepy! time for a nap.
Eating ramen...gonna study for my nutrition final on tues.  I want a looong nap with blankie and toofers..
is 1:36 really that late? I'm getting sleepy already 
@wooops ahh i always seem to disturb your naps 
uggg...sleepy.....and have to go to brunch 
I took a long nap and now I can't go back to sleep! and I might not be able to pass english. 
thinks she'll take a nap now  http://plurk.com/p/tpivq
OH: A night full of bad dreams does not leave one rested. I think I need a nap.  http://tinyurl.com/p3mm8x
regurgitation is disgusting.  p.s i love you &amp; nap.
i'm hooooome..lol and thinking about having a nanna nap..work woke me up at 7.30 to make me come in early  lol
i got a nice nap again. dreamt of archey again  always. since after the 16 
Revision is killing me  time for a nap...
i need to get a nap! urgently. 
OH: i need to get a nap! urgently.  http://tinyurl.com/oovy7h
feeling sleepy, but can't actually sleep 
Going to go for a cat nap, back to work tonight 
Hey guys. I'm up. Not cool. I want to sleep.  i'm definitely looking forward to my nap...
got up from a nap. still sleepy. 
@JellieBraden i didnt either  i just woke up from a nap
works in 4 hours and can't sleep cuz i took a nap  freaking naps...
i need a nap but i have such weird dreams whenever i do and then whoever calls and wakes me up has to listen about them 
@Syberspace unfortunately I don't get a nap 
did not have a satisfying nap 
uhhh why did i have a nanna nap i would of been in bed by now  not happy
woke up from an unexpected nap  wish i'd slept thru, need it
not quite making it out of bed   drugged up and sleepy...
@hollandmarielle I want to but I took a serious nap earlier &amp; now I cant! 
ugh headache!  time for my lunchtime nap http://plurk.com/p/wwscp
So sleepy again and it's not even that late. I fail once again. 
Taking a nap after work=no sleep right now. The nap felt soooo good but now it seems like a bad idea 
This is slowly going to drive me crazy i hate leaky faucets they're frustrating! I'm ready for a nap but there's no naptime at work 
I wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/
I slept entirely too long on my nap, but not long enough at the same time. 
Guess I'll take a nap 
I need a nap, but I won't be getting one 
the plan was to take a nap (yea I'm still feeling last night) then go watch lakers game smwhere fun. looking like no nap 
I have to work tonight... Its going to be rough bc I am already super sleepy! No time for a nap 
disco nap so far has been a failure 
@sleeakgirl my bedtime is 9:30. i have to go rite now  bye
About to go home mad sleepy 
I'm so freaking sleepy. 
Oh hell no! I just took a nap n i wake up right now? 
so tired... i need a good nap 
OH: so tired... i need a good nap  http://tinyurl.com/lgrjmb
Just woke up from a good nap, but I always got migrain when I have nap 
Considering a nap but its just not the same without my ho 
Waiting for a miscal from her *yawn*  I'm getting sleepy now 
...wishing i could take a nap....and eat bbq 
I hate waking up so grouchy  *sleepy
I want someone to take a nap with. 
I was forced to get up from my nice nap. 
Tired nap time have a cold 
@wiskigirl I'm sorry you didnt get your nap. 
So excited for a nap right now. Never been excited for a nap, but I guess that is what happens when you only get two hours of sleep! 
I don't have any energy  I need another nap.
Is wondering if she should have a quick nap - ironing not going to do itself though  need to vacuum too 
Taking a nap not feeling well 
So tired. I miss taking my daily naps in 1300. 
@surrealexchange dude i feel you i took a massive nap! now i have 2 essays 
Overslept on nap... now can't go back to sleep eventhough I'm exhausted. 
feeling sleepy  i envy those who can sleep whenever they feel like it
I'm going for a nap. feeeeeel so sleepy and illl. 
just got up and I already need a nap 
going for a nap twitters, i have a bad hed 
Whatever happened to my lazy sundays? oh right i am spending them falling a sleep at this desk  i want a nap now, thanks.
i'm up from my nap- now i got work to do  and get some dinner... what shall a sista eat?
headache I give in to you, you have won..  I am going for a nap 
Clearly, this nap thing isn't going to happen now that it's almost 1:30pm 
just cooked a good meal...so full.  Wish I could take a nap but I have work to do 
just had the best nap ever!! too bad i have to go to work 
Finally a little sick  taking a nap.
Maybe i'll take a nap. I need to eat less bad food 
feeling awful. shower and nap. 
is sooo tireddd   I need a nap
.@robindeacle @drgngirl No nap for me! I was told I couldn't take a nap after 6pm. 
ah. good nap. do not want to go to work 
Trying to take a nap but my niece hasn't stopped yelling for the past hour 
woowee i just had a great 2 hour nap   now on to my hw 
@kanoodles lucky!!! I was sweating balls while I took a nap 
ooh i wish i hadn't taken that nap earlier 
i want to go home now - to sit in the jardin &amp; have a nap - 3 1/2 hours to go 
I need a nap, and I'm not going to get one.  
So so tired!!!! I just want a nap 
gotta change my habit of afternoon nap .. 
A good workout! Now I need a nap, too bad I have to work 
OH: A good workout! Now I need a nap, too bad I have to work  http://tinyurl.com/l8qc72
so full and i cant take a nap 
regrets not being able to take a nap 
@ciaobella6 im sleepy but i cant take a nap cause i have to be at work at 7 
I really need a nap too! But I am still working 
Going to take a nap... 
I could stand to go laze around some more 
nap for a lil bit then 6-7 hours of studying.....yay 
Home and not feeling well  going to take a nap !
i wnat to take a nap! 
e3 got boring  i think i'll take a nap on the couch after eating some fish.
i'm tired  its been a long day. thinking about taking a nap. right after i take out my dentures :]
@JamalLovesMJ I miss your relaxing poops too 
17 pages in and im falling asleep.  quick cat nap,then some more reading.
I should take a nap now so I don't see anything else. 
Eurgh sleepy and do not want to be working 
a quick siesta then more studyyyyyy 
a quick 2 hour nap before i gotta go to work....now if only i could fall asleep  stupid insomnia
@melissagrelo  Its only a nap if you tell yourself it is.
I already need a nap. 
have got nippy eyes, rather annoyingly. I think a nap is the only solution and the one not available to me right now. 
is taking a nap...goodnight tweeps...see u in 2 hours 
Taking a nap...I am so effing exhausted. 
@sarahjclark Aren't you just taking a nap at this point? Sucks!  I've had weeknights like that... #singmealullaby
omg i took a nap earlier n i had a nightmare 
Oh no. I did not just wake up from an accidental nap at almost midnight, did I? 
feeling sleepy... Not good since I have to go to work soon 
not sucha good nap after all 
I'm gonna take a nap now before I have to go to work 
@don_k_won this is what i get for taking a late nap 
@Erock808 do u ever sleep? lol.. i took a nap at like 7  i should know better...
oooh. i am so ready for a nap. did not sleep very well last night 
not feeling the best todayy!  gone to lay down and take a nap
I think I need a nap... 
well crap, i took a nap not on purpose 
Is tired but cant take a nap 
aint even been here for 5mins.. lmfao i need a nap. 
just woken up from a midday nap  not very well really!!!  http://twitpic.com/6ltnd
I need a nap. 
is so tired. even though i just woke up from a nap. 
She had a nap on the sofa and woke up throwing up again 
Falling asleep at nap time 
Just had a two hour nap and feel more tired 
:: Just kidding. No nap for me 
I think I might go play sims3? maybe take a nap? have to work at 4.. 
@FiFiG03 Haha, i'll try too!! The power nap i took wasn't long enough for me 
at geisel all by myself  bored and sleepy, don't want to study
I hate it when I realize I have started to fall into a nap and I decide to turn off stuff but then I can't get back there. 
my afternoon nap was too long, and i woke up with cramps  my uterus hates me
I just woke up... I don't like late naps... makes me not want to sleep later... 
I Love running in the morning... but i wanna take a nap now 
Over slept my nap 
sleepy, but i can't sleep.  why?!
need a nap.. bloody hot here @ sibu.. 
It's raining *sigh*  I really need a nap -___-
wishing i hadn't had a 'power nap' cuz now all i want to do is go back to bed 
OH: It's raining *sigh*  I really need a nap -___- http://tinyurl.com/qfrdml
@kortni_alys it scarcely counts as a nap 
just too my toothache pills, a 20 minutes hot hot shower, and a 30 minutes nap before work. do i have to go? 
I want to have a nap but I have alot of things to finish off 
@HelenDunne1 ugh me too! I've been up since 7 and I can't go back to sleep!  guess I'll take a nap under the sun later
I could go for a nap right now....  *yawn 'n' stretch*  but I need to start getting ready. 
tired and grumpy this afternoon, wish I could go for a power nap 
nap, then work 
is freakin' sleepy as, i don't twitter enough 
that was a pretty awful nap....but i just don't think i can attempt to sleep anymore 
I want to take a nap! 
That nap wasn't right. 
My nap def wasn't long enough and now it's raining, I def. don't feel like going to work now 
woke up early... i need a nap but i have to wait for ethan to go down for his nap first 
i wanna take a nap nap but i can't can't because of prom hair  sad
blehhh, i need a nap. i'm so friggin tired all the time. 
had lunch with my boyfriend, just woke up from my nap, and going to work at 4:30 
feel horrible  i need a short nap. byee
Mannn I need a nap 
I was just rudely awaken from my nap 
Off for a nap.. bad migraine 
Someone come nap with me 
I really didn't want to wake up from my nap. 
Doesn't feel so hot  I guess its nap time for me
@kloveleigh ahhh, i know. it took me a lil more than an hour. i can't take a nap anymore 
guess i will listening to chrisette cd since i cant nap.. 
@KendallFreund dude! I'm not even in the road yet!!!  and I haven't taken a nap yet tonight so lateron is going to be rough!!! LOL soon!!
I believe I need a nap 
Is in need of a nap! Shouldn't have eaten 
i awaketh from my nap! major headach 
I went for a nap like 8 hours again and it turned to a sleep again 
@uhmmkarina I wish I took a nap  I'm so pooped
i've fallen off the bedtime wagon 
So sleepy but cannot fall asleeeeep 
feeling sleepy this theatre really sucks 
Home. I wanna take a nap so bad but need to do homework 
It's only 10 and i'm ready for a nap. 
Just woke up from nap, had bball game got sick had to leave , 
there is no way i am sleeping more without amben  i definately need a nap before work, ambien it is, this nap just got 2x as long
I wish I had taken a nap.. I'm off to work now 
@kirstiealley what happened to the mochi?   haha, have a nice nap. I should take one too.
nap didn't happen that great... I would fall asleep and wake up and fall asleep and wake up 
my sleeping bag really puts a trance over me, when I lay in it time and responsibilities just vanish, I just took a 2 hour nap  yikes
Ugh a 30minute nap just makes me mean! Going to church and tired 
So much for that nap 
I broke down and ordered swiss chalet... after my one hour nap and attempts to fix my pulled muscle today. I can't walk. 
@tangelobaby i've been busy. maybe you needed the sleep sweetie! i know i tried to take a nap, but my brain would NOT stop thinking 
I don't feel very well so I'm going to try and take a nap 
I need a nap... But I have to finish this damn paper... 
bummed my day of relaxation didn't include a nap 
just woke up from a nap. feeling a little sinus-ey. 
so i finaly got in a lil cat nap; but i still don't feel well-rested 
I had a nice nap, too. 
...just took a 2hr nap. Now I'm never going to fall asleep tonight 
Seriously, time for a nap.... 
Just woke up from a nap. Missed the simpsons. Boourns 
Early evening nap=headache!  boooo!
bedtime!   @vosecurw why did u have to leave? 
: i didn't want to get off the bed. my mind is busy so i didn't get enough power nap. 
really wants to take a nap. gone are naps for david 
fighting a nap. need mtn dew 
I'm so ready for a nap !! but working 
I need a nap 
i don't feel good  wishing i could take a nap but have too much to do
@Whereisjrw I need a nap because of my pills and been up so long  please come home and cuddle
I need a nap 
too much on my mind to take a nap 
I seriously need a nap 
Ohhhk have nothing to tweet about  I want a nap
@jeffcrossphoto nap does sound great, but my naps are 3 hours long. lol. makes it hard to go to bed at a decent time when i get up early 
So sleepy &amp; it's only 5pm!! Ahhh 
Just woke up from a nap.  This ongoing fatigue is starting to worry me a little bit.   
Just made and ate dinner....bout tah nap off this headache 
taking a nap until i don't feel so lonely 
@hexenwulf aww  that stinks!! are they feeling better now that you had your nap &amp; pills?
Just woke up from like a 45 min nap....i guess...anyways, i should have stayed asleep because I do not feel good 
take a nap i'm sick 
nails done, went out to lunch, then snuggled up to my 2 yr old and took a nap.. now back to work 
feeling exhausted but not feeling sleepy 
Suuuuuper sleepy...but its too early for bedtime 
@MarysolM: I am.  Not even a nap helped.
grrr. i hate when i take a nap during the day and can't sleep.  not cool.
I need a nap. 
i just woke up from my nap... i don't feel any better... 
finished one nap... now i figured it out that if i stay in same position for long it will not recover... i have keep on moving 
So tired  back to new york. Taking a long nap
Sleepless night.  I'm sneaking in a nap as soon as I can today.
I need some relax 
@DeniceSy at least may time ka for a nap. 
Needs a nap in the boom boom room! working on 3.5 hrs of sleep is no bueno! 
Wants to take a nap. 
i woke up super sleepy ugh  dead
so sleepy, but i cant sleep now 
about to take my meds and then go take a nap. Not feeling good. 
getting ready to take a nap 3rd shift messes me up 
i couldnt take a nap 
Just took a three hour nap, and had the weirdest dream. Now my head is pounding and I'm still extremely tired 
I just finish my nap...watching bolt while doing all the homework from my ONE class   !
So sleepy...do I have to work out? 
still doesn't have time for a nap 
@itsLissa shoot I'm going straight to bed after I eat when I get home! No naps for me!!! 
so i didn't tweet at midnite  obviously i need to work on my napping skills.
@TracyKoeh no i took a nap now i won't be able to sleep 
Though its sleep I need a nap is all I get 
OH: Though its sleep I need a nap is all I get  http://tinyurl.com/mfvaaz
my naps need to be reduced 
@MelFresh27 that's just mean saying things like that... some of us cant have an afternoon nap 
o no! I missed nap time!!!! 
need a nap 
so i took this like 3hr nap right...was ko...missed his call. 
@Krissitron i know. So darn sleepy. 
sleepy. i so don't want to get up. 
going back to sleepy sleepy. I hurt 
I'm tired. I need a power nap! 
took a brief nap. back to the grind. i'm not sure i'm going to get this done 
Getting ready to take a nap. I have a cold 
Whoaa just woke up from an on and off nap..feeling drowsy 
stravingggg and needing a nap 
I cant fall asleep...so i guess no nap  i might bust out the guitar hero though!
it's only 6:30 and I feel like going to bed  sleepy...
accidental long nap . . . sorry, @clovepod, i didn't mean to sleep through our meeting. 
just woke up from my loooooong nap! ... now to study for math 
@CaylaCheri lol, oh myy i'm really tired too!  i already took a nap like 12:30 to 5!
i ate food that i couldn't taste  now i want to take a nap because my best friend came today.
still feeling shitty  study sesh then a nap &lt;3
jus wakin up from a much needed nap, still feelin quite heartbroken ..... 
@savannah_rene i just took a 3 hour nap, it was awesome, but i kind of have a headache now 
came fome from gainesville, took a nap, just now woke up. oh what a life. but now i'm wide awake 
doesnt want to hear about @tamiicash napping  haha
Four hour nap -__- looks like in not sleeping tonight 
I wanna reply to all you twitters so bad, but I woke up late from my nap and I'm now at rehearsal 
sleepy  haha...too lazy to go to bed! - learning about my styleezzzz ;) LOL
bedtime. not feeling so well 
arggh! headache strikes again!!  im taking a nap..
I should go to bed, but I'm not especially tired or sleepy.  This is somewhat problematic.
is realllllyyy sleepy! ... still 4 hours to go 
@BgirlShorty jealous, its bedtime for me 
ugh  lol. sleepy and annoyed.
I need a nap!  
i hate having naps. 
had wanted to take a nap before, but was unable to sleep 
I just wanna take a nap 
huhhhh nobody loves me  im takin a nap
ugghhh so tired jus ready 2 take a nap but i cant i hav so much wrk 2 do 
i need a nap sooo badly 
OH: i need a nap sooo badly  http://tinyurl.com/n5lowy
francheska wont let me take a nap 
@shesTHABABY  deep breaths and try to take a nap if you caannn &lt;3
Still applying for jobs. No bites  went to volente beach with lauren and david, that was fun. Then had a huge nap.
sleepy... i wish i could take a nap. 
Laying here talking with nuria. I need a nap. 
awake from my nap.brian's whackk. he didn't take his nap while i did. so now, i have no company 
at prac hope Katies having a good nap, I already miss her 
Just woke up from a four hour nap... Oops 
i need a nap. but i dont  like taking naps alone.  im tired. hungry and sad.
i need a nap ... but i cant 
OH: i need a nap ... but i cant  http://tinyurl.com/nmeapc
Going for a nap. This bed is missing suthin 
Couldn't even get up, I was that tired and that sleepy 
Just took a nap..hate it wen i wake up not able to move or breathe 
ooops, turned off alarm and half hour nap turned into two hour nap.  time to work on my prospectus due tomorrow 
So tired I can't fall asleep to take a nap  oh well, I want Teryaki Maddness &lt;3
Taking a nap on my tummy, my back is currently aloe-d 
cat nap didn't help 
nap was slightly unsuccessful... not going out tonight @stefanieelefane @juelzy15 
i shouldnt have taken a 4 hour nap! now im not tired &amp; i cant fall asleep 
I was lacking of sleep this morning and wanna take a nap now..... But I can't 
just came back.. tired and sleepy 
I went to bed too early. Now i can't go back to sleep. I can't exactly go for a jog. 
Sleeepy... but too late for a nap 
Nodding off so had to stop a rest area for a short nap  tired gila
I just had a small nap and a nightmare 
Off to work sleepy 
I am falling asleep ... I blame it on that extra hour sleep i didn't get this morning! .. I could do with a power nap right now I tell ya 
 still tired after nap
Going to  take a nap. This Benadril is taking me out... 
nap time for me  tired
@p1eacemaker I saw that  We came in just as it started to sprinkle, perfect timing! Hopefully thunder doesn't wake kiddo's from nap now!
I don't feel good  taking a nap.
if my work got any slower.. and i didnt need the money.. id take a nap here.. or leave and take a nap at home.. stupid tickets.. 
Taking a nap. I feel like poopyyy. 
Is ready for a nap 
I desperately need a warm bubble bath and a nice long nap!! 
I'm tired, but I have to get ready to go have dinner soon so no time for a nap. 
I wish i could take a nap  -nicole-
@TGolding And yeah, I ate. I just need a nap but I can't fall asleep. 
that nap was refreshing but i think i had a fever! i feel very ill right now! 
I cant sleep my nap 
i feel yuckie after my 4 hour nap.. tummy hurts 
All that nap did was make me even more cranky 
just woke up from a nap now I'm feelin groggy. not a pleasant feeling  i'm still insanely tired too! bummer man
hard morning  i need a nap before ben gets here!
i hate taking naps 
took a 2 hour nap. not so good a feeling, i tell you!! note to self: never wear a watchmen t-shirt while taking a nap in a very hot room. 
@farrier03 I never take naps either but that's what happens when you're sick 
sleepy sleepy sleepy. still need to shower. pack a little more. really starting to not want to leave anymore 
Y couldn't my nap last longer? 
I took a 2 hour nap today, so now I'm wide awake. 
this little brookelynn needs a nap but its so hot and humid shes really uncomfortable 
back from the horrid work. would nanna nap but the brother needs me to drive him around soon 
*sigh* I want to crawl into bed with @CynthiaBuroughs and hug her...I don't care that I'm wide awake from my nap, I miss holding her 
Too hot to have a short nap!!!!  The high  temperature here is killing us 
@siansburys not so much.  i might have a nap
Trying to take a nap ... but I can't. 
I mades it on time! And its too busy to take a nap... 
I need a nap 
has just woken up from a cat nap  seriously tired i cant function i need.......foooooooooooooooooooooooood 
nap time is over 
I also could really use a nap. 
@ekgekg Whenever I take a nap I always feel more tired than before. 
wishing i could take a nap...but must work instead. 
on break...wish there was a bed in the backroom so I can take a nap  so sleepy..
In chicago. I need a nap! 
Is feeling better than before after this nice nap, but I'm bored and the bugs here are starting to get to me 
Thinks her 4 hour unplanned nap this afternoon is keeping her wide awake still 
so tired after just going out 4 lunch...obviously still ill &amp; not 100% well  off 2 take nap, cant stay awake!
just woke up from a righteous nap. still tired, though 
I need a nap 
bedtime...still hungover 
Up from my nap i need to mow the back yard blah 
Pissed...I took a nap and missed dinner  wonder if I'm still good for it.
I wanna take a nap, hopefully this coffee will keep me up 
@AqeelAhmed I had a nap earlier and now I can't sleep.. 
Feeling sleepy .. but got to work....  
Natey took a late second nap today.  He's still up and playing in the dark 
I'm the only one sleepy since I'm sick 
could't nap 
So sleepy lately  why!?
Waking up from naps is the worst 
Going for a little nap, cause I'm absolutely....SHATTERED! 
I guess i dont get a nap 
@MattyLAH @paulcarrett I want a nap  I'd appreciate it if u didn't boast about ur napping activities!
my nap time made me cant sleep now 
Spammers on the prowl again    I think I'll go take a nap
damn tired, kids had a good afternoon nap, so did my wife while I was moving from telcon to telcon 
just woke up from the worst nap ever !   going out to get some shoes and smoothies
@aldrewi lol just woke up from like a 4hr nap, have a headache 
Getting off at 5, nap, trainer, movies ! Then doing it alll again tomorrow 
sleepy and waiting for disappointment. i wish patrick would come nap with me 
Not feeling good, taking a nap 
 im sleepy... about to go home and take a nap
@jojo_fab3 and you are so lucky you can take a nap 
Taking another nap, ultimate migrane 
Just woke up from my nap, I can't believe I missed jibbs on 106  lol
I'm so awake,  yet so so so sleepy!    
just noticed that he hasn't eaten anything since he took his nap...  http://plurk.com/p/139h55
really could do with a nap or some sunshiiine but im off to dancing now, owhhh  so sleepy
says I just woke up from a nap, and I had nightmares about war and thunderstorms. I'm still skurred.  http://plurk.com/p/13auvt
Probelm with nap: i'm not good at waking up. I JUST got up 
i'm so sleepy... i need a nap 
Seriously trying not to fall asleep at work. That would be bad. I need a nap. 
guilt: calling your pregnant best friend at 2:30 pm and waking her up from her nap 
i need another nap..i'm dragging over here 
I can't shake this sleepy feeling! ... must not be sleeping well 
Still sick as hell. I need a nap or ten. 
Going to take a really long nap.... 
i need something to do.  off work and in bed. lol up from my nap!!
I feeeeel pretty crappy  nap then work.
just woke up from a 2 hr nap wow oi was so tired eating chinese noww! i miss good stuff when i take a nap 
wow, i just woke-up from a long-ass nap. i fell asleep from 3-4:00 - 7:20 pm! 
It's so hot and humid in here, that I'm getting sleepy. 
@sunnymchao yum... chocolate pudding... you tease me with that, and the naps... I want a nap and pudding too 
just woke up from my nap... 
i'm cranky. i hate waking up mad from a nap 
I can't sleep...that damn nap screwed me up! 
I am ready for a nap... But I don't have time for one 
I can't seem to take a nap 
@msninacat  I didn't have a nap.  I'm just too involved in sporking this fic.  I'll pay for it later.  
My eyes are bleeding right now omg  I just woke up and I need  a nap 
I could really do with a siesta right about now  #fb
need a nap already and hungry 
failed on the nap front 
taking a lil nap nap  b4 i head off to wrk 
@mileycyrus now i think its definitely a nap 
Small nap before the festivities tonight 
just woke up from a nap and i smell lentils cooking 
Taking a nap coz i can 
@ryanr09  I will go take a nap, lest I appear drunk 
just woke up. can't remember the last time i took a nap. i feel amazing 
Just woke up from my nap. 
Just finished eatin tired and needs a nap 
just woke up from my nap... feel so refreshed! 
i think im going to have a nap now 
@QuiMo it totally rocked!!  We'll hafta hang out again soon. I think I/m heading to bed, starting to get sleepy! So sad its over!
It's definately time for a nap! 
@mailandrew haha,. what the hell?? I slept 9 hours and still feel like I can curl up for a nap. What vitamins are you on? 
Just woke up from the most relaxing nap ever 
@tamiko I think a 7 hour nap isn't a nap anymore. I think that's considered going to sleep. 
sore, and ready for a nap 
yay for naps! 
So busy. Wish I had time to take a nap 
The puppy is asking for a nap.  I must obey.  
overloaded  time for a quick nap
@imrananwar Did you  also make sure they are all dusted and clean before your nap? 
@socilover not me  and I already had a nap.. what you up to?
@curtmoss just relax! 
Home   it's nap time
@mileycyrus isn't it past your bedtime  just kidding!!!!!!
going to  take a nap  for now  ttyl 
@johncmayer Just have a short nap dude.. Then you'll be just fine... 
@bogwhoppit it is 2:45am. almost  my bedtime 
going for a nap, i'll be on laterr 
bedtime bedtime bedtime yay. 
Just woke up from a nice snooze 
took a nice long nap, now give dogs a bath and luadry... bigg day off 
just woke up from a wonderful nap. I feel better. 
Just woke up from a lovely nap 
I'm thinking I need a little nap. 
anyways, i guess i had a great nap too. 
just woke up from the best nap ever 
I'm in need of a nap. 
up from my mini nap... 
Making dinner. Just woke up from a nap. Now I'm hungry 
@tweeetermarie i see you haven't changed with your naps! 
Its bedtime!!! I love sleep 
english p1 done.  i refuse to countdown, it makes me sad. off to shower and take a nap...
Ive been up since 530,i hate wen i cant sleep. Garys takn a nap and i mite do the same 
just woke up from a delightful nap. I can't desribe how much success is involved in an 8am nap on sat night....need rhubarb now 
has had a nice long nap  http://plurk.com/p/stvqp
9 imperials later, I'm ready ready for a nap. 
Its like I had a power nap.   
just woke up from a nap... 
is gonna shower, and take a nap...very tired... 
@Shouq take a nap bedalii 
is having a post carvery nap 
@harrywilly: yes  it was a nice nap!
@MBerthelot relax 
@moby74 Have a nice nap, try not to snore too loud 
@MelanieFresh27 nothin' like a good ol' 'nana' nap 
@nothingbutsong I love epic naps. 
@Jintanut lol yeah, I just woke up from a long nap so very hungry 
woke up from nap and planning on starting assignment soon 
It is now 4 hours past my bedtime. I love getting lost in crochet, even if I did mess up and have to take it halfway apart to fix it. 
@breyten I'll need to up the daydreaming then! 
@kat_n Aww have a *cuddle*, get on the red bull! :p OR have a nap, like I did  xxx
Just had a wee nap in work 
I took a nap and I'm over it. It's done. And now back to sleeeeep. 
well...right after i take a nap. 
@MsV1959 I took an hour nap earlier..haha I don't need much sleep..plus I'll be taking it easy tomorrow..not running to &quot;race&quot; just 4 fun 
been a long few days. gonna take a nap to catch up on lost sleep  tweet later
is going to take a nap before she goes into the garden to eat. Parents make a barbeque as its really warm today 
@georgeelevate lol! I know.   morning to u too! And, now I'm gonna take a nap before I will see u!
is off for a nap  x
@paperships he needs a nap. 
http://twitpic.com/5ddhs - my mummy taking a nap on my couch!  LOL
so benadryl, rain, and over 27 hours without sleep don't mix  nap time!!!
fun night with @banpaige @ashleighdoyle and @ginaracculia . taking a nap 
so so so so SO tired. i need a nap 
nap time   i'm sooooo excited
@Rochellewiseman sounds like nap time 
At lindseys grannys. Just ate subway and fixing to take a cozy nap.  bethany. 
nap time. i love sunday afternoon naps!!  then to coffee grounds with the kids and pictures in the park.
Totally taking a wonerful nap 
just got back from siesta  who wants to drink or just chill? hit me up 920.5310
hey. i'm back from my nap! 
5 hour naps mean staying up late 
i will take a nap............... 
@qualeman dude! you too??? Long naps are totally sweet!!! 
@BellaBKNY took a long nap earlier, now I'm wide awake so it's movie time. 
@swingdag I'll be there for a little bit between 6 and 6:30ish.  If I have a nap, I might pop back for social. 
i think i'm going to take a nap. yay! haha 
so bored. nap time. 
DONE!!!! (after a little nap) 
I justhad a 45 minute power nap 
@BUGabundo going... sleepy    and you?
i got a nice nap again. dreamt of archey again  always. since after the 16 
i want to go home now. hungry and sleepy. 
getting ready for bedtime 
@gnimsh If you pencil me in for a nap, I'll prob go along w that schedule. 
nap time for the kids! 
@megook1019 you should take a nap!! 
@TheRealJordin seems you're that sleepy already... 
i'm really sleepy. i'm gonna take a nap first. 
I love the snooze button 
so happy that day is over - feet up on the sofa, a nap may occur 
Going for a nap I think, sooooo tired 
@DJMOFLAVA I be ur 62 follower  have a good nap
@rellacafa i'll rest vicariously through your nap, so have a good one 
sleepy but not sleepy... I think I'll read 
Going for a nap since didn't get any sleep tweet dreams American tweeters LOL 
my bedtime is coming up 
Also, I may have just had the worlds most satisfying nap 
@Boothism it's a disco nap without the disco  rest well
i think ima have a shower than have a nap and see how long i can stay up watching movies tonight  this week has gone so fast....
