Most common words for this cluster:
[('need', 686), ('day', 57), ('work', 47), ('today', 46), ('tomorrow', 43), ('time', 38), ('know', 37), ('night', 30), ('sleep', 29), ('home', 29), ('amp', 28), ('coffee', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Need', 0.9348253607749939), (u'Want', 0.7424948215484619), (u'Needs', 0.694118857383728), (u'Needed', 0.6872563362121582), (u'Got', 0.6757127046585083), (u'Needs_Fixing', 0.6720235347747803), (u'Harder_Than', 0.6705368161201477), (u'Cooler_Than', 0.6661849021911621), (u'Hate_Them', 0.6633586883544922), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.6629561185836792)]





tweetdeck seems to have died on me  Need to find a reliable twitter platform. Any ideas?
Went to see my doc today. Told me that things are worse than expected. Need some meds from the drugstore - some heavy stuff. 
@Sophiamar  espero que estejas bem. Need anything. lady? Kiss
Need my Claudia 
Really feeling broken SVN integration with IDEA.  Need new plugin that supports 1.6 now now now.
Another gorgeous day! Dry here. Need the four rain days coming up. Ct. wildfire. 
@Bicko hehe. Maybe. a load of it will certainly be going towards driving. Need to get a new driving license, I've lost mine 
Ok battery almost dead. Need to stop twittering and watching scores. 
Yea!! Time to go to Holt Renfrew!!  shopping!! Need to haul so badly. Havnt shopped for 15 days!! 
Need another hit of NKOTB..I'm starting to get depressed 
Rode so much today, I got blisters on my palms.  Need better gloves.
is going to take Mucinex NOW. Need to get over this cold pronto. 
@Lilylauren Been meaning to start up my website with recipes I've trialled and experimented with pics. Amongst other stuff. Need hosting. 
Do I have time for a pot of sencha before going to Mamas and Papas? Need to do the hoovering first 
@Kazzy1978 I didnt think I drank that much too. Need to stop drinking on an empty stomach 
Need some help Tweetdeck-wise. Does it delete all the tweets I've seen or even more so there are tweets I may never see? 
Awake. Needs more ammo to fight the zombies in my dreams! Everytime i get down to the last round i always miss the huge gnarly zombie!! 
Writing up stuff for hospital visit tomorrow. Need to finish some programming too. Feeling exhausted 
Need to go to bed now. Weekend is over 
@Future_Echoes No idea why, but I'd love a Drobo!  Need to sort out a proper backup solution for home. Business is covered, home is flaky 
Need to sleep, school tomorrow &gt;.&lt;&quot; Goodnight world.. even though most people mustn't see this. How sad of me to ramble on like so  &lt;3!x
Up early against my will  direct tv guy is here ugh. Need Coffee stat!!!!!
Good morning! We are all fighting colds here.  Need to get more oj fast!
Tennis Elbow operation = Ouuch.. Need Some sympathy please 
In my room. Bored. Need to go to sleep.. 
@SusieB123 no Susie unfortunately. Pretty much all work and no play for me  Need to find some balance I think!
Need to lose water weight? Watch &quot;The Locator&quot; and &quot;Extreme Home Makeover&quot; back to back. 
Help! Need to switch to cheery Neal! Shoulder aches, back at work, GORGEOUS day outside, I'm in office untill 5.30. 
@gcn1 No, I haven't. Running v.1.1.7, which was last stable version; hope they'll improve it further. Know v.1.1.12 still crashes  #nambu
Gutted! 1 Firefly Angling Diablo carbon rod blank just exploded in my hands! Need a new end build 
Going to give the twitter client Blu ( http://tr.im/jeay) a try as soon as I get home. Need .net3.5 and work PC doesn't have it. 
Have my German exam this weekend... Need to study 
Radio has shushed slowly into a whisper over the last week. Need batteries...yes, batteries, it's an old, old radio. Now just server-hum. 
Just created my first valid bit of JSON. Hurrah! Need tea now, but no milk 
Need to watch Heroes from last night. Never watched last weeks so I'm prob gonna be confused 
I've been working  all day longgggggg!  Need to take a break!Went to see fireworks but they canceled them   Time for ice cream, then work.
Need to start on Cel Lab Report today! 
@Sephikun Know the feeling, off to work too 
bloody chest infections...now I'm going to miss the biggest game of the season  Need some TLC 
@MistyMichelle  won't go see CRANK with me. Need a movie buddy 
It's 12:48 PM. Just woke up  Way behind in my work! Need caffeine now! :|
@valeriekhoo Agreed. But at the moment, I'd prefer to be out than in.  Need to widen circle of friends. Syd last week was good fun tho.
@hascake oh that's just evil. Need I remind you that I just bought a computer? Me = broke  Maybe next year...
Guitar's pickups stopped working. Opened it up to see what's up.. screwed it all up while putting it back together  Need an Ibanez Iceman!
Need to take some Tylenol  
Pouring rain. Need to run long this a.m. &amp; waiting for it to let up. Jen hosting a bridal shower today, now moved indoors   This sucks.
Wisdom tooth cutting again.. Need bonjela. 
I dont wanna go to work. I just want sleep. Early to bed today. Need to get back in routine of going to bed early on work nights. 
Tired. Need to learn script. Do this vid. And I have school tomoz 
It's sunday and the sun is shining.  Need to do some work today around other things  It was a good day yesterday. Bank Hol tomorrow too.
@joelmchale the Soup is never long enough   Need more!
I thought I had this bad habit of staying up late under control.  Upset that I am still up at 4:02 am. Need to put myself on a time out.  
Need to format my computer  I can handle the bugginess, but when it fucks with my games? Nah.
Need to to some serious ironing today if I'm going to get to Paris tomorrow with anything to wear. 
Three &amp; a half blissful hours of Maths. Feeling strangely empty now... and it's all returning.  Need to find more work to do. 
Might go to see that new X-Men film again.....Need to have a thesis in for Tuesday. Plus studying... 
No bagel ride today, too much going on.  Need a 3rd day in the weekend, one to run, one to bike and one to do chores   Solo ride later
Need more ideas, still 50% shy of the rent.     Might have to use nudie pix for incentive &quot;buy yarn or I'll make you look!&quot;  hahaha
Need to be more energetic and do something, but just want to hang out with my dog Sadie cuz I know I don't have much more time with her 
Been a long day already   On the train headed home. Need coffee now!
Okay, i gotta go now. Need to get some sleep. &amp; there's school later in the morning 
Been too long since I had an ab song. Need to start again, esp. since I have regained what I lost.  ? http://blip.fm/~5ijpx
Not sure if I like TweetDeck or not. I can't access all of my followees, for some reason.  Need to look up support...
@zachcaruso I'm up at 4:30 too tomorrow if it's any consolation   Need to get in extra time on Rowan days...I agree it sucks
Need to stop doodling lyrics all over my notes. Michele's ended her exams! I have no more study buddy 
Needs to soil and pots... But no $$. 
Needs to go shopping 
Going to bed finally. Long day. Good day tho. Need to get back on my BCP's so I can be more mellow. 
Need help with the swing UI............ Several look and feels dont work  guess have to create my own
@elDamo Thanks, mate. Need all the help I can get. Only had two successful volunteers so far! Seems to crash on 1/2 of machines. 
@diviani belay that !! Pandora is no longer available to users outside the US.  I hate. Need to get to the land of the plenty ASAP.
Wow,  this week is starting out super sucky. Need to shake it off. Calling on the powers of blackberry sage tea right now. 
&quot;You walk out that door, don't you EVER come back&quot; -- Dean. Sam walks out. What a cliffhanger! Need to watch the last episode pronto. 
Can't sleep. Mind racing! Need to get up at 6am. Not good.  
Ouch that hurts, iPod Touch decided to restore itself so I lost my progress in Need for Speed  Had completed 28/29 races
Posted an ad today for an Interior Decorator in Maryland. Need some help with the business...too many people....only One of me 
Need to hurry and get to the gym so I can get back in time for #SNL...something tells me it's not gonna happen 
Have had an epic day, nay! Eric weeks! Sniffling like crazy. Need to be let on plane and into various countries! 
What kind of company has a store meeting at 7am on a sunday morning?! Oh yea the one I work for. Blah! Need to be up in 4.5 hours 
Need a new battery for my MacBook pro  gonna go swimming to feel better 
Need to take a bath  hmm, school will start again tomorrow. My long holidays was done....
Woke up to a fire alarm... At 6am!!!  Need to get back to sleep!!! 
@WulanTheDragon now playing : Harder Than You Know - @EscapeTheFate 
Need to go to Saturn tomorrow to get my car fixed     Hopefully I won't have to pay anything as it wasn't even my fault....
Mother's day delayed my submission.   Need to update the database before I can submit to Apple.  Will try again tomorrow.
Urgh.. Need to sit in for a meeting since colleague has to go for a diff meeting. 
Ball of anxiety. Want some heart. Need someone available. Work comes soon 
@Livvy_Sivvy Really that's too bad because i'm allergic to maths!  Need to go do mathletics though! 
Need to improve my OSS contributions. Been sucking at that for like a month now 
Am soo sleepy this morning  Need to wake up!!
Crap. The cable to my Sennheisers finally stopped working completely.  Need to find a new one that fits the recessed jack they have.
@Laeryken Paying too much attention to my paper; the YT's just background noise at this point.  Need to listen to it for srs some time!
night all, bed early. Feeling sick  Need sleep.
Need Coffee 
okay Tweeple! Thats it! im off now.. Serious! Need to work! Don wana Thurday Work = #Fail !!  Miss moi!
@dannywood That's really sad  Know that those who have lost to cancer support what clearly is still a daily struggle for you! xo
My walls are naked  Need to take a break to buy garbage bags. And a 1/2 way report of 'In the Shadows': Very, very creepy.
@Sunshinepie143 I could absolutely see that happening, too.  Need to google to see if it's rumored TR Knight is leaving. He's sweet, too..
Need Food   
Need motivation to packing up my girls stuff!! I need help  Where are you honey when I need you? eh..Love you so much 4this! LOL
is doing Partnership &amp; Accounting project since 1pm just now. Need to search articles for Law later. Groupmates, you're not helping me. 
Argh 3hrs sleep again, feel physically sick with it today work tomorrow... Need to sleep tonight  http://bit.ly/vykXE
up. Not even remotely at 'em. Need coffee. Oh &amp; I'm singing this morning so I need to figure out how to get rid of this headache.  #fb
my MD is a butcher  I still can't wear high heels N no way I can go running, boohooo. Need some healing powers...
Exam week soon  Need to study :/
Just woke up. Need dt Pepsi and a cigarette.  And still need a coffee maker          #3hotwords - VENTI CARAMEL* FRAP
Other adults have returned from their NOLA breakfast excursion. Suddenly feeling like I didn't sleep last night. Tired. Need food. 
I'm feeling SUPER cranky!  Need some cheering up 
@shandrab Haha. Forgot about that =D Yeah, I know, only got myself to blame  Need longer days
@William_25 Need me to make you feel better? 
Need to start packing food for school. Looking for my Mr. Bento containers; missing 2 of 4!   #bentobox
Day off, resting after the race. Legs are battered. Need to go out though 
Argh. Need a shower, but woke up too late.  boooo
@jaybranch @onion2k Repair install worked after a fashion.  I can log on and save all my stuff.Need to do a full format and clean install 
@stevewhitaker I can't   Just moved to c-ville last week from a 700sf condo in Arlington to 1700sf here.  Need to fill up an empty house!
Need to change my Bio. To bad I cant do it via mobile  unless in full mode.
It's quiet in the house now that Simon's gone    Oh we have leaving drinks at 3 Weeds, 29th May. Need to send emails!
Been working on the site all day. glad it's almost 4:30 now. Need to get some medicine 
So sick it's ridiculous. Got little to no sleep last night. Need Sudafed. 
@sabret00the That sucks man  I just finished my last year of uni so I haven't been doing much work. Need a break :p
Need to get $250ihs USD raised quickly for a new MP3 Player 
@dN_redNests @SweatyBurd  @shell_beach @penguinista Have a nice day off you lot. I'm only in part of the day (Need the dosh  ) Enjoy!
@vgunvalson When are you headed to Australia? I'm in Insurance and would love to steal some of your wisdom and knowledge. Need a mentor 
Crappy start to the day. Need some cheering up music but the iPod isn't delivering 
Venesection completed at last.  Soon off home 2 relax 4 the rest of afternoon. Need a proper coffee - hospital wet stuff is NOT coffee 
Need to crawl home from office. Back hurts and feel like vomitting. 
Need to get a tan! Seriously too fair d.  I need timeeeee
Looks like another late day for Max ----      Need to send someone over there to pull off the covers and yank him outta bed!!!
@Motoko_K I soooo would. But I'm having a LAN in Leicester this weekend. Need to drive down and shop for b33r. 
Need idea for stopmotion/claymation/flash animation project. Will probably fail. 
@paulalbinson Kinda. After the poster/presentation is done with, yeah. Need to sort out somewhere to move in F'bro though. No money atm 
Replaced my @MelodyEhsani earrings &amp; bought a new pair... Need to get a flipcam... Also need to cure this hangover cuz I feel like cRaP 
Ugh. Need more sleep. Woke up during REM, dreaming of boats and my cousin. Ugh. Work. Kill me now please. 
is not going to the gym today  My shoulder hurts from getting banged up at the u/w hockey tournament last night. Need to rest it.
Trying to be okay. All I want to do is sleep tho. Goin crazy in my head missing her. Need to find a second job to fill the time 
Tsk. Need to download an anti virus software. 
Signed up for a @webfaction acct to be @TCWC's new host. Super excited but delay of welcome email is frustrating. Need to go to bed soon 
Need a temp car.  Anyone selling one? Cheap 
@Smile_ Need Heroes ones 
Just woke up. So much for the 6am start. Need to get sortedand get to uni ASAP. Exam starts 9:30. 
Know what would be great? For my shoulder to stop hurting so I can sleep normal again.  I just want/need a few solid hours of good sleep.
@gemmak500 Know exactly what you mean  I've lost too many friends. I do feel for you all
@benjamin_cook you make me sad. Why do I like in canada? I can never watch these things. I should move. Know anyone who needs a roommate? 
Loved the sun today. Did not love a black suit and black top plus 6 trains/tubes to get to my meeting and back  Need to shop for summer
Need something to do... AH! I'm gonna go have ice cream... then water the plants  then get ready for softball!!! I HAVE A PLAN!!!!!
Just home from work!!!!! Need to continue packing. Raerae is gone for the weekend.   Mya and I are hanging out
@Need4Sheed_com Ohhh got it. It's the 8830 I think  I miss the Pistons  I really hope Joe D cooks up something big!
I don't wanna be a fatass when I go to Europe. Need to eat right but it's so difficult 
Need some coffee... Getting serious withdrawal symptoms 
@SimpleMia Yes. Need to listen to sad SP-Songs 
Got home and found my Battery Backup (UPS) had failed. No battery power for me  Time for a new one. Need a new iPod too... 
getting lectured by my homegirls. I love em to death. Know they love me just the same but damn I HATE getting lectured... 
Feck don't think i'm able for golf at all. Need stronger pain-killers. 
Thinking about reviewing the cracking drupal book. Need to get a copy first but my CC is over its limit 
Still awake and with a puffy face. Need to find a different dentist today to get this toothache fixed. Vicodin (sp?) isn't even helping 
@gplama no chance  Need to cut it loose, with the dremel tomorrow. HR, Speed and RPE for me tomorrow.
Update to #Magento 1.3.2 crashed my whole installation! Need to do a complete new install - including database! 
Oh wow! Need some prayers big time for the back. Got the car back and it is still messed up , paid 300 bucks to still have no ride 
Laying down.. Need to sleep for a bit. Ouch my head is pounding  #jetlag
Need the air con unit as I've had to fire my Fan Girls. Bloody recession 
. Need to revise for chemisty, That will be fun. I feel like shit stirred thoroughly in a bucket. And Ive even let vamp. wars slip 
Came to Atlanta for the weekend. Heading out on the town tonight.  Need a good drunk for a change!  Missing the French Open. No cable 
@momof3crazykids I Know but it won't be the same 
Im about to go out with the fam and do what we do ! Need some new shit running out of the cool shit 
Sadly back in Facebook  Need to get in contact with someone and its the only way, makes me feel sick
Bugger, got rejected for Sainsburys  Need to go job hunting again...
Need to BBQ more often. Not only for the food, but it also looks like I'm starting to become a little rusty at it 
On the way back to the hotel. Boating and snorkeling was a blast. Sooo tired. Need a nap. Back to H-town tomorrow morning. Vacay over. 
Need a new lamp for my bedroom. Old one broke 
Off to the Apple. Need a drink. Getting fed up with revision. 
Came home: Dog out? Torn screen? Missing cat?! Check basement? Leaking antifreeze from furnace! Yep. Need new one. And still missing cat. 
Got a push mower from a yard sale as a helper for our cordless electric. Need to take it to http://reborntools.com for $45(!)  sharpening.
My wee break is over  Need 2 make icing, straighten my girls locks,help w make up &amp; get party stuff ready.A Mum's job never done,LUV IT!
@aj_wood say hey to my hubby @Spamboy. Know when the next psd photo retouch webinar is? I had to miss the last one 
Crash. Half the field landed on top of me. Need new front wheel 
Need to watch Game 6, live in the next half hour,  somewhere in London ... Don't know where to start 
Wild hair! Need to go out! but sadly no one to go out with  cousins gone, friend's w/ BF, ugh... need to get a life (like someone told me)
Need some help. How do you add a pix to a post using a BB with Twitterberry? For that matter how do you add a link? Cant figure at all. 
Need to rest my eyes!!  Seeing double 
Goodnite peeps. Need rest. Still in pain 
In Need of an Uncharted 2 beta code 
@ZackRabbit donuts was the only sweet stuff we had in the house  Preferred the cookies of course.Need that recipe.Your cookshow is big fun
Need some Oompa-Loompa's to clean the house &amp; sort out his paperwork if its going to be done in a day &amp; it's a sunny day too 
So it's useless to do that. At some point I need to get my passport renewed. Need photo probably. Got a zit at the tip of my nose. 
Need thera-flu  ..... Zzzz....need more sleep http://twitpic.com/6bwye
@iPhoneDocked I used it all the time just to manage apps. Don't need, delete. Need again, re-download. I'd never need multiple accounts 
@PiercedPanda_x Know how you feel, am stuck in doing work and all I want to do is go for a drive and enjoy the sun 
Mmmm tummy hurts  big day tomorrow! Need to get a good nights rest!
Need help with a cat that will no longer use her litterbox. Any suggestions welcome. Getting very frustrated... 
Need to go get some potting soil &amp; more flowers! Nice day to plant. Still have a sore throat tho 
Is oh fuck! Need twice as much as I thought in my medical physics exam!!! Woops!!!! 
Laundry day and such.    Need to find the boyfriend's phone charger...
Pink  Need to buy suncream.
Need to deal with this shoulder soon.  Timing's not great.  Guess I'll tough it out for...a few years. 
Sick in bed.       Need OJ.
Need to do revision but cba... oh well ill just do awfully. Damn no primeval so I have nothing to watch 
Need a job in London sharpish!! Bored of this job huntin now  x
Okaaay I think I'll go to bed now. Need early night for maths exam tomorrow  x
Need to homework ! Sckol 2moz  Urrgggg!!!!! Bike??? Cry (
Spent all day in the zoo with my gran, then went to see the carnival parade and my camera died  SO tired now! Need the speedy sleep.
Back 2work tomorrow  So much to do. Need to finalise list of specialist speakers (casting, producers, wardrobe etc)....
Turckle. Turckle! TUUUURCKLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want to be back in bed. Need to leave in 15 minutes, haven't gotten dressed yet. Early shift 
Sitting in the sun on our first afternoon in our new house in Oakland's Crocker Highlands neighborhood.  Need to go unpack. 
I have 40gig of music. Most is utter shite.  Need a big clear up.
@FlyingPhotog I've been looking for dispatch jobs until then, but it's tough...  Know of anyone hiring?
Just sang in karaoke. My hands are still shaking. Need a lot more practice. 
Have to go to work in a few hours.   Need more sleep.
So...Hot...Need...at least an opened window  did i mention that i felt a bit hot? british weather needs to make up it's mind x
Need to write an Essay!!!  #Battleground
Need to work on my fake laughter. Boss made crappy joke about my new haircut and I responded by saying &quot;LOL.&quot; 
@kravmascara It is hayfever!  I can't believe it!  Didn't think it was bc only effected one eye.  Need to rethink park sessions tonight 
Stupid laptop has started randomly crashing again  Need a new one!
Okay now I'm off to bed! Need sleeep b/c I have work at 10am 
Sitting the Airport lounge and realized I forgot my power adapter! Doh!! Need to buy another powerbook adapter again 
Something is on my mind &amp; now I can't sleep...actually several somethings. So much for 7:30am teleconf call w/ NYC team. Need off switch 
@gobansaor It's all the same SMTP - smtp.o2.ie  Need to use it via outlook as all my templates etc on it. Going to take some time out now 
@felicityfuller Sorry it wasn't ~ my machine is freezing and my tweets are getting mixed up.  Need to reboot 
cure for common cold: stay home, watch Food Network all day. Need Tivo - all of my fav shows are on while I'm usually at work 
@Leenygma hmmmmm not really got in to much this year. Bought orange box and enjoyed a bit of tf2 for a while. Need to get back into it 
Going crazy  Oldest daughter broke her arm last night, went to bone Dr. this morning not good news. Need to go to Childrens tomorrow morn.
It just hit me. Need TLC asap 
How the eff do you find library books- D: it was like 375.41359 CAR?!? I. Need. Help.  
Think I'm gonna have an early night. Need to shift this migraine 
Forgot my lunch at home.  Need to head down to Rookies to buy a Caesar Salad.
UGH! Curse social networking, text messaging, and boys!!  I just want to go to bed... Need to think of a way to use this negative energy..
Omg must place order for this stock on NYSE easy money!! Darn Credential is closed  Need password for my usd account  
The one thing I hate about Indian eats is that my nails turn yellow ! Need a mani 
Mass Effect 2, SW:TOR trailers look amazing, can't wait to play them.  Need to finish ME1 first  #e3 #masseffect #starwars #bioware
Hate my phone. + Need money for tattoos! Need to finish back piece 
Need to re-apply chapstick!! Lips getting dry 
@restey11 no problemo! Know how to fix my picture??? 
Layin in bed sore as fuck!!  Need a back rub!     if wanna talk send me a message!
Need to get to bed. As soon as my three year old does  She just woke up from a nap. WTF. That wasn't suppose to happen.
@mitchelmusso I can't buy the album. I'm sad.  Reason: Australia. Need I say more? Congrats tho and all the best of luck!! &lt;3
Ugh.  Three more pages to crank out before the deadline.  Need more coffee.  Drawing is hard. 
Need my eye drops!  eye is all sticky and hurty. Toothache seems ok now. This is so annoying! #getbettersoonkat
I hate wordpress  Lost my password and it's password reset feature is broken. Need to hack the database??
@paulie Me neither  Need a spot o'sea breeze. Plans for Paulie's day?
Today's horoscope (Aquarius) -- I am too tired from work today  Need some R&amp;R for a while. http://viigo.im/LfU
@ Work Want smoothie, too 'spensive  all I can think of is food *tummy rumble* oh lost 4lbs over the past 2 1/2 weeks. Need to keep it up!
Need to find a good home for 11 wk old black Doberman puppy  http://bit.ly/onGAs (othr dog broke his leg, and we can't take care of both 
I'm awake  But I love my best friend to no end so I won't complain... But I am SO not a morning person! Need... Coffee...
It's raining outside...  Brrrr...  Need to go out, but.. I don't want to... 
@changibedsheets I'm sorry. Know what you mean with the lashes 
@ianj46 I quite liked the aftershave...it just lingered!  At home with concussion after headbutt in TeamTeach hold. Ouch. Need chocolate 
@courtpassant I actually bought a Slingbox last week but don't think I'm going to keep it. Need too many other connectors, not worth it. 
Need a wireless card or USB hook up for my computer.... There's no cable jack in my room &amp; nor can they put one in. 
Another hot day in SC, my car said 95 outside! Just got home, fed dogs and gave them ice water, let them out to play.  Need to do chores 
Learning about pension accounting... Need some coffee 
I need dinner but I'm still waiting for a fax from work.  Also I have no food. Attn! Need partner who cooks. I am inept. lol
Gr, I got no outfit for my &quot;interview&quot; presentation. Need one 
@elsiitha_94 i Know!! if only we could buy it!!  damn! 
Need to sleep... gotta get up in 5hrs...  Good night everybody!!!
Okay...1 more smoke &amp; then off to bed...2morrow is going to be busy. Need to do some shopping (what a nightmare) !! 
Proud of Ethier for hitting a home run tonight! Need to win tho 
My toothbrush batteries died right when I turned it on. Ughhhh! I hate regular toothbrushes! I don't feel cleannnn.  Need 2 AA's.
Must quit working 4 2night. Need rest. Going 2 watch The Bachelorette &amp; eat peanut butter &amp; honey toast. Ps. I'm not a fan of healthy PB. 
CEO is on the floor today. Need to be careful while surfing today. It's all work and no play day. 
 oh no oh no oh no. Not ready for this. Need some foods or INQ will collapse, oh, That's a good excuse!
Drinking Vanilla Tea (as I do) and looking at rentals! Why is everything sooo expensive?  Need a room mate but woah-what a risk!
@Gel_6  Naww! Need a buck?
@Tori_Da Cruel - having said that I am stuck in an office anyway! Need to brave the chill to go get lunch though 
@djeglin I need more spymasters   Know anyone who can add me?
I'm so bored, hard hurts. Need to revise for french. Oh how I hate french atm !! 
Late night .. Early morning .. Need to sleep at wk 
In work!! Soo tired today honestly! Need my bed  x
Feeling rushed this morning...soooo sadi couldn't make the braid hair do work this morning  ah well! Commuting time. Need some good tunes
Need more moniez. Games are expensive 
Need to get to SF to watch friend baby being born. Injury accident on bridge. NOOO! I hope I don't miss it.  
I'm going to be super productive if the Reflective message board stays down all day  Need moar boards to lurk!
@Parquette1 Know what you mean.have been at work nearly an hr, aftr rolling out of bed &amp; drive the 40 minutes. &amp; I am not a coffee person 
Finally reached my 20 in Lone Wolves... damn I'm such a noob  Need more time to play videogames!!!!
Very  today. Need nap and real meal with actual veggies and stuff. #fb
Need to update my website &amp; blog. Must find the time. Off to beach. Too bad I don't have a laptop. Work n' play - found it but no luck 
Attempting to organize PC work area... Need a DESK. 
Need a new router  Fed up of having to reset it every time I want to go online.
is hoping my bb visits  Rob soon!!!  Need more pics!!
Playing Metallica Guitar Hero...Need Practice 
Mehn. Need someone to carry me on their Chariot. Damzel in distress in here on time. Sprained my leg badddd 
nobody to talk to except twitter. Fed up and lonely. Need a hug 
Need 2 find a gd rave 2 go...missed out bank holiday monday on Penthouse in ldn....pissed- herd it was live aswell 
Cash flow getting tight. Need to budget. May have to additional SEO tutoring classes  Need to find some free online tutorials and tips.
Cash flow getting tight. Need 2 budget. May have to cut additional SEO tutoring classes  Need to find some free online tutorials and tips
Got home from English class. Tons of homework to do this weekend. Need to study as well  poor me.
@mysterious_skin Yes had a really good day today...phew!!! Although I feel like i ain't seen anyone in AGES  Need to do something soon
Sprained left hamstring. Need to dial down the strenuous exercise 
Just got home, ready 2 crash, been to see my papaw, just found out he has cancer and lots of it   Need prayers!!  Ltr.
Need to go to sleep. It's going to be a LONG day tomorrow. 
Going to bed---long day...dead hamster &amp; more  Blame myself. Need to read and crash!!
Friend of mine in car accident... in ICU.  Need some prayers 
Just home from work (7pm) - long day - tired! Need to eat, then early night, not in twittering mood  Hassle the wife for a cuddle &amp; beer.
Installing a new mac for my friend Sabine and my graphic card is broken. Need a new mac aswell. 
Feel really fed up today  Need to shake myself out of it!
Right. Time to get up and moving. Serves me right for computeribg till 3  Need to get front tyre changed - been dodgy for a few weeks!!
I really want the Sims 3 but I don't think I have enough memory in my pooter.  Lame! Need to delete stuff~~~
Need. Earplugs. 
Ughhhh Its Raining AGAIN  I Need A Holiday!!
Needs a starbucks 
Need something 2 drink  http://myloc.me/2MLN
Need to shower and get ready to go to liverpool... Sooo tired 
Need new BNever Cocktail perfume. Only few drops left  #fb
Have not slept...Body too busy expelling everything I ever ate in my life. Need sleep! Feeling like death. 
Crap on a stick.  My friend bailed on me to go to the Toronto FC game.  Need to find a replacement.  
Stuck at the car dealership while they hopefully install the part. Please let it have been the problem. Need some special key todo brakes 
Laundry done, working on tan now. Cubs game at 6, game 2 after that. Might go run if I find time. Need to pay some bills too 
My leg hurts so bad I might cry... Need ibprofen... Mindy doesn't have any 
Afraid, very afraid. Need to know what is happening between you 
Need something to do. Burn Notice reruns are exciting the first time, not so much the fifth. I need a life. 
Need to stay away from the ice cream -i am bored and watching TV -bad combo   no extra snacking!!! Have to count everything!!
&quot;Baby go toilet all day.&quot; LMFAO! My baby cousin, I miss her.  Need to take a trip to SJ fast!
@Ambervisions Sorry to hear you're sad.  Need a chat? We can DM if necessary.
Need at least one story written, uh, now-ish. Have no ideas. 
Need to work today  Got a speech to write and material to prepare for an event we're having in a couple of weeks.
I'm at a party with one of my professors. Massive jones for him.  and none of my friends are here! Need. Company.
Need to do something with my hair . Its really dry ! Hair mask,treatment etc . But no cutting it short 
Needs Some lovin' 
Just took one of my mock ct registry exam. Don't feel good about it  but well see. Need to study harder.... Good night for now
I'm really tired and have a headache. Know what else? I'm dumb, because I should have went to bed over 2 hours ago. 
@Gailporter Know the feeling, been woke up by the rain  x
Started smoking again with all the moving crap! I'm so weak ;( Need to give em a miss! wont be able to run round the block at this rate 
Argh, had to bus it in and now have to wait 40 minutes for doors to open. Need to find cover, it's raining 
Need to go do dishes. Uh... I hate this job week! I perfer doing wood! 
Need iPhone help, connecting to new pc wont copy apps over will I have to pay for apps again if I wipe and re download them!? Please help 
@IlanBr  Not yet.  Need more traffic on the old blog methinks. How about u? #fotomoto
Need to help son revise something called Graphic Products 
I lost my Add. Math book  Need to rummage the house for it now that my room's upside down. :S
Need to go buy new Green Flash - right foot taking on water through hole in sole! 
@mcherrywv Groceries.   then work. Need that coffee IV. Lol
Didn't get the internship that I really wanted  Need. A. Job.
 @MaryVance is on her 2nd ZPack; I'm going to the Dr tommorow. Need to be well by moving weekend. Good news is the girls are doing well.
Need me a guitar with a skinnier neck, man. Got me kinda small hands. Can't reach the bass 
Okay folks .. Need to sleep ! Soo addict in everything  Peace
Want nap. Need nap. Can't have nap. No time for nap. Sad napless Drew. 
Bored! Argh i cant use mums phone to text @Pjaaaaay And she wasn't online  Need to get over my crush too - its easier than i thought x
 wishing it was 5!! Bored to death! Need a nap and some ice cream!!
Just finished prayer service wit the fam.  Praise the Lord. Need 2 get some work in and my laptop is freezing.  Big ups 2 Twitter Berry!
Getting ready for Fuze ... Need a nap though 
@singlegirlie  DITTO!!! Just what I'm fixin to start doin. Need a maid for this stuff 
Watching Big brother. Been proper bored today-nothing to do now finished schl  Need a job (Y)
We found two!! Need to decide which one since I can't have the one I LOVE. 
@Kelsie_love   Need me to come and kick some ass for ya?
Spilled coffee on myself. Waiting for sawa and going to elm. Need a lighter 
Going shopping! Bye Need to buy a box of mi-goreng yummy. Bad pancake day today 
Hokay. Now watching 30 Days of Night. Need someone to hold my hand, though.. 
Need Some Memory on my mac now 
@egorstandish Same here, unfortunately.  Read many more than several times.   Need more Ezra stories.  I wish I could help on Psych!
Need... soda. But no money.  Also, noodles plus butter and garlic salt = yum! Add a hot dog and it's fan-tab-oulous.
Bah. Need to work on note-taking methodologies... I can read what I'm writing. 
NKOTB concerts have been cancelled. Am quite disappointed  Need a new happiness goal now (how to top that?) Have to act my age again.
just got home. Need to think. My cramps hurt 
In School Feel Shit Need 2 Fucking Cry 
Tried &amp; working late shift until 8 at SLQ. Need real coffee but shop is closed. 
2 weeks, 2 weeks, 2 weeks!!! Webcam seems to be down though  Need to see the beautiful beach!
Have to go to school today  Need extra help in french. then exam tomorrow!
Need to make breakfast.  Cris works split shifts 2nt.  I go to work at 12pm to 9pm tonight   I'll check in later guys.  Have a great day.
No more diet cokes for me. Need to wean off coffee more too. Heartburn has been BAD lately. 
All of a sudden my #ubuntu partition stopped working. Need to fix it. Oh joy, another 3-4 hours well spent this week on fixing computer. 
Watching the last two episodes of season 4 of house. Need to pick up a new lizard soon. Yoshi will be lonely until then. 
Need a girlfriend, wife or housekeeper. No food in house. Can't be arsed to get any. Supper = toast + 2 half bowls of different cereal. 
Need more yarn... Ran out of my sweater yarn and probably won't get to the yarn store till tomorrow. 
Pokello was right... U cant put all ur eggs in one basket... Im bored now... Need someone to keep me company... 
About to play some WOW. Need to build my Alliance characters up on Gnomeregan.  I can't believe I have Alliance characters  LMAO  #BSB
is off work sick  Argh. Need the money.
Have fun with your nephew, KAT. And Goodnight to you all. Dentist in a few hours!!! Need to brace myself for the worst 
It's not just a bruised rib... pain across the chest now... can barely move w/o pain.  Need to fly back immediately to HK for hospital... 
We're going to CRASH!!! This is the last time I take my bike on the bus. Need more expendable bike. 
Back to the work week now.  Need to leave the house by 3:00 am so I guess I should go to bed. It's gonna be a 16 hour work day. 
@jenthegingerkid  I sawy. Know how you feel.
@DDubsTweetheart You can try that.  Just post it on the &quot;Need tickets?...&quot; section.
G'night!!  Back from the beach and feel whipped by the sun!!! Need rest before work tomorrow!!! 
@msmaisha I thought you were avoiding me today lol!!  Know twitter love until 8:30pm? 
Walk to weis, get ready, go see the riot at York galleria. Need tonight. Wish I was still going thursday. Leave it to a friend to ruin it 
Need too Shit so bad. 
Well im hella tired but im going out to watch a race I think!! Need2 hit d gym  before I crash  den wrk tomorrow mrning!!
Back from new Orleans  headed to work in a few hours. Need to get some sleep. Who all is from the Springfield area?
Breakfast w/ the CEO in the morning, then lunch w/ @cherrycolamaus &amp; @suffianr at Wendy's. I'm officially a glutton. Need to eat less 
@mandahoofs yeh but i need to drive from Parra to Airport everyday! Need car! 
Tired. Sleepy. Exhausted. Need my beauty sleep! 
Stayed up too late last night. Need to be on the road until at least 10pm tonight.  Flying from PVD to RDU today.
Need to go and find another pen seeing as though the one I used this morning has disappeared  Media fail, here I come.
Really feeling sick but if I call in after a 4 day weekend it'll  look like I'm faking. Hate feeling like this. Need crackers &amp; sleep. 
Work is Over Rated... Damn the Bills that Need to be Paid.. 
Still working on the assignment! Need to find a diagram of CPU with all sections labeled. 
Don't deserve any lah, sigh. Need someone t talk t now and i don't know how t reply you. No rights t. 
Need to go to the BMW but I have to wait for the dryer to finish...I have no clothes!  Maybe I'd get a discount like this though?
Im so tireddd of Workingggg I sooo Need vacations 
Finishing doing all this advertising for the @ashlynn_Brooke feature in southington. Need to finish my coffee 
Need orders faxed in from ATL. Fax is out of toner. Run to office depot. Ahhhhh. I dunno if we will make it to philosophy class today. 
I feel like an 80 year old woman. WTF is wrong with my body  Need a MASSIVE massage, then a hot tub..too bad I will get neither.
Premarital counseling was great yesterday!  I love my fiance!  Need to do homework now.  Reading assignments are not fun this week.  
@karleemay Too late.  Need to do something to calm down. Just pacing and waiting for my ride ain't helping...
looking forward to leaving work at 5:30pm.  Need a vacation! Tired of being sick! 
Need to get sleep, first test tomorrow  But still need to finish these English summaries! Bah.... well the night is stil young lol
Need to get sleep, first test tomorrow  But still need to finish these English summaries! Bah.... well the night is still young lol
@gerrymoth I bought it at that price, only to find out it does not support editing on 5th Edition yet. Need to wait now for release 
@EqualityAmerica Wow, I have seen that commercial several times, never noticed the polo until now.  thanx 4 tweeting about it. Now I Know!
@Need2Liv ....I actually had stalker guilt for having more that I was following than that was following me   
Dinner tonight is baked chicken with italian seasoning and light mayo. Not sure about this recipe.  Need more salad  frozen veggies it is
At Repo! rehearsal- sucking @ Chromaggia. Need to work on arms + movements + memorizing words. So, basically, everything. 
Need someone to talk too..Feeling kinda Lonely. 
@iandrea  nooooooooo! Know anyone who else is selling?
Relax day in Shanghai, Tians studying for TOFEL. Need to exchange more money  Mom says she misses me!
Need to get home before 12 haven't smoked all day! Oh no! 
Weird day.  Need cuddles and a shower.
Haha. I Know It! 
Out on home visits all day  looks like it goin 2 rain too. Need to crack on, taxi. Picking us up 4 airport @ 6pm
Woke up to stomach cramps. Need a hot water bottle. 
Need my brain to shut off.  Also, I miss TWoP of 2006.  
Having a very slow start to today. Need to speed things up. How do I go abt that? No Idea. Need help??? I think not... Hmm may be I do. 
Close to crying!! Being pulled in too many directions. Completely unappreciated. Need to get off my arse &amp; find something better. 
Traffic! Boring! Zzz.  Need to stretch my legs! And there's no one to talk to  i hate being alone in the car.
Whos good at translating Japanese? Need someone to translate a sentence for me, Google is doing fuck all for me 
Need colorful pumps for the Armani outfit show. HUFF! 
Up and getting ready to take my babies to a movie. Love a thunder storm! Need a kiss though 
Need massive vibes from you lovely people for a friend who is in intensive care after rotational fall XC yesterday 
Need someone to help me set up my pool. Supposed to be easy, but I am not talented that way... 
Its raining &amp; dull outside  So what to do? I know ill brew some beer! Need to clean everything and get some sugar.
Canceled my dear little colo of 2 years. *sniff*  Didn't notice the exchange rate started to suck so hard. Need job soon 
freezing colllldd  Should have ipod tomoz. woo! Need some skullcandy phones now.
My life is just plain boring right now. Ha, ha. Just kiddin'! Need make my homeworks 
Need help !!! My sisters birthday and I haven't got anything except for a card !!! 
Need to drag my lazy ass to the launderette... Got loooooads to wash! 
Sadly the thumbnail exif data in the RAW files doesn't have what I need. Need to try and delve deeper  No python module seems available
I feel like dumps and there are no updates today. Sorry  Need more submissions!!
Stuck on following 2000! Can you do me a favour and recommend me to a friend? Need 100+ followers before I can add any more friends 
Just got in at work. Need caffeine. Robot vs Monster -  http://twitpic.com/7mr66 - innocent wombat caught in the middle. 
Need A Job Badly 
Need Mister Linky help for a wordpress.com blog.    It's times like this I feel completely incompetent.
Need for Speed Underground is mean! They took my 'Cuda. 
@FireflyVodka We are having a blast on our staycation! Everywhere we go we ask @ FFV though and they don't carry it YET!   Need a rep here
Need to change my jeans. Dropped Salsa all over them 
Need To Start Revising Physics 
Need to go to Walmart.  
Going to have a clearout and stick a load of stuff on eBay. Need tuition money  I discovered 2 more DVDs I bought and haven't watched :/
Sick  sore throat. Need to rest up for the bachelor party on saturday though!
Need to sing along to things to keep from getting sleepy, but my voice has been shot since Austin and my throat hurts. 
I want to go to the gym.  Need to feel that muscle burn!!! Stuck behind a desk 
@devonmonique i am hitting you up!  call me, Im in sister mode! Need!
Need a book to get lost in my thoughts. I wish i hadn't read that. Damn Kevin. 
@CieraWilson  I am so so Ci.  Still sore  But at least not as queezy. Need a break already though and I JUST went back! lol
Dinner tonight was teriyaki pork tenderloin sliced onto an asian salad.. YUMMY!!! Need lunch options... lately not eating... not good 
Think it was 2 hot out today 2 bike ride. Really run down, going to bed early... I know I'm a bum  Need 2 make it 2 work tho!
Finished carving. Need to re-pour a little of the center with an eyedropper tomorrow. Used a cooler melting point and got holes up top 
Just upgraded to 3.0. Well, except for copy and paste, not much exciting stuff for 3G. Need 3.0S 
Sad now. Need comfort music. 
x_x So tired. Need me some caffeine, please? Why are there so many things to do?!  Also, I'll only get my MBP next week. D':
@EsmaaSelf Why thank.  Sadly the blog has not gotten the TLC it needs over the past week.    Need to get on that.
Off Everybody. Need to Prepare something for .... bye all 
@HurricaneSonia  Nooo!  Our usual guy is nowhere to be found.  Need to find a new teller!! 
I hate that I'm really bad at reading ppl over the net. My mind panics any time there is a pause or silence. Need more real interactions 
@klbeasley u mean they are only giving scholarships for last 2 yrs of school? Long way away! Need to win lotto for son's education fund! 
Watched first ep of #Leverage last night, seeing as @wilw is in 2nd series. Thought script and plot was weak to say least  Need new shows!
@joe_oliver No idea when i'll be back next  Prob busy/working most weekends this summer. Need to go to Dentist though so poss in July
Need a bigger battery for my JVC mini-DV camcorder, but it's 109 euro! That is almost half the price of the cam itself! Jeez.... 
My life is just a big misconception. Need some serious XSL to translate this one. Picked up a @lilblip apparently still sick. 
says Loong week at work and not over yet. Need to knit!!!  http://plurk.com/p/11vet6
Uuuugh. according to my host, my Wordpress broke.  Need to backup and reinstall today.
Ugh!! Too early for my wake up call and can barely keep my eyes open. Need caffeine asap 
Need to start packing. Gay 
Need a new job badly  ! Recession :L !
Lying in bed, in Hospital and watching a movie! Need a smoke but my neighbour's sleeping... 
argh - 1 phone call with all the right people or 32+/- emails with addional clarity and addional recipients each time.  Know my choice
@lllittlefield I know! I've been MIA  Need to fix this. What's going on?
@janl I've got a pair of Beyer DT 250 as well as the sonys, and they're pretty sweet too. Need a new cable though. 
@rose2784 Know that feeling, cept I still have a lot of work todo 
@suckerdiyev i think the Video function Need the autofocus...this only the new 3 GS has 
@otterale Not sure why I'm low. Nothing to complain about really. Just down. Looking to next challenge, don't have one  Need a mentor
@Wighty11 Not brilliant.  Need to speak with my super tomorrow.  
Need To Reevaluate My Friends  http://bit.ly/gnZDX
@kirkmartin looks like i missed the reading entries - only for bestival now  Need to see FNM somehow!!!
@Joespopsicle OK. I'll check there later. Need to go now...  Kisses and good luck and have much fun for all of us!
Am slacking at work.  Need to get motivated to get something constructive done around the office.
@andysowards cheers dude! Need to wait for the exam results though  ...just glad to get them out the way. 2 more weeks then it's SUMMER!
Tomorrow I'll update my iPhone 3G to 3.0. iPod already done. Need Jailbreak 
Naptime over... Punk a*s kids outside my window  grrrr. Need to cook dinner.
Lost all my Facebook data yesterday   Need to start rebuilding today.
Know any great sore throat remedies? I am dying 
@lostdogs10 I will do that right before I go to bed.  Need to be cool while I sleep! Don't want to toss and turn all night again 
Need some nice words  Feeling like a fatty
Need to get baby shower stuff for sat! Closing all weekend, gay 
Feeling too tired. Guess its lack of sleep. Need to study for exam next week. I really don't have an idea what should I do with the exam 
my 7 year old nephew is teaching me to play Need 4 Speed and I'm not doing well at it 
Loaded with heavy work. Need to complete by EOD/COB 
bad day. Need to study more. Taking a break. Eating stress food. Joy. 
@Aymes same here! Need the sleep, just can't seem to get it! 
Omg why I cannot sleep ?? I need some beauty sleep like asap ! I got a very busy day 2mrw and an early one too !! Need to be up by 6am 
Mornin' all. Lovely day here but a bit breezy. Had to bring a tomato plant back in coz it blew over.  Need to do some housework today 
@kavilan Aiya no la! Need to do something i've been putting off for way to long. Not really looking forward to it 
Just up. Should really get a shower. Need to get a 1320 bus to Edinburgh for work today 
wonders if she would get a Wedding dress before our presentation on monday!!! Need 1!!! (tears)  (unsure)... http://plurk.com/p/125gds
Need some Link Building done 
@CashVerde I know! I'm doing mad stuff that I was supposed to do last night . Need Starbucks but I'm in the hood 
Storms bad this morning. Hope I can make it to the post office. Don't have a car. Need to walk. 
@kplawver Know exactly what you mean.. 
@sianers I'm withvirgin media,they don't do cable in the part of the Ormeau road I'm moving to. Need to set up a phone line. I miss cable 
Really getting up. Need some serious caffeine today. Bewley's Tea not going to cut it  Have a wonderful day everyone!
@mikachu84 Ew, I hate eating antibiotics... Need to see my doctor on monday, my neck is killing me. I'm afraid that I have infection 
I DOnt Know what i am doing 
Need to talk Mariana immediate 
@burpcola it actually does translate! should be as sporty As you though  my Love handles Need to Hit the road, too!!!
Need to find Tums and/or Pepcid immediately.  
I'm now on day 3 of being home sick. Know what really sucks? I have to go to work tomorrow, no matter how I feel 
Ready to go home! Need to relax!! Have to work all weekend.. 
Stuck in trffic on rt 222 north of Reading Pa. Need hovercraft 
I've been spending way too much money on food, food and oh, food. There goes my allowance.  Need. To. Save. For. Urbanscapes! *determined
Need wakeup and start running. Too little time left. 
Need window screens. 530am now. Went to bed at 11pm. No sleep, itchy bug bite swelling allergy! Have to go to work in 4 hours! 
@toryjane Sorry! I thought I did...We got a little bit of water from the sewer again, but nothing catastrophic. Need to have it looked at 
anyone know of a local pizzeria besides Costco that sells HUGE pizzas?  Need to find some, pronto.  All the old shops are closed 
Need to work on my homework. Matthew will be in bed in an hour and a half, then its crunch time. I am home alone all weekend!!! 
Had a wonderful dinner with his cuz. Explored a little more of London. Need to pack for the trip back home tomorrow!!  Boohoo! 
The new iPhone is in my hands. FYI the  'Mophie juice pack air' has no iPod port for external connections. Need to return it. 
@katarinasmama fun!!!  ENT says DD prob has allergies. Need to get proper bedding and she'll prob need tubes for 3rd time too 
Polyvore.com is not working. I am not happy!  Need to cheer myself up.
Damn i swear these hatas be trippin.! Need ta get my music out now but aint got no one ta help this mescan out.! 
@C00L_BEANS training 3 hours. The chance 2 sleep is gone.I can hardly open my eyes I'm so tired I'm crying.dizzy. Need 2 wake up 
I'm feelin an inter-web overdose. Need to get up &amp; stretch those...what are they called? Oh yeah, muscles. Must prep for mowing tomorrow  
   No Sat off...Need to work 6 days a week 
Need your opinion. Iphone or crackberry?  i cant decide.
@deizu Yeah I know what you mean  Need more open-minded people in this world.
Got me some real nice hickory and pecan wood. Costs a fortune over here  Need to make something special to cook with it.
Sick and tired of working hard! Need a break!!! 
Sick ... Again. Need to stay in bed. How I hate such weekends 
Sager 5760 artifacting. Need to clean it out. Tempted to install a 500gb HD, as well. Not looking forward to the resulting XP reinstall 
Eurgh. Don't want to get up  Need to do the part of my OU assignment on 'wildness'.
Listening to the pouring rain. Need to start on my assignment like NOW. 
@milahtatgirl me 2 I jus got home My Head Is Pounding SMH I Need 2 Take Suttin 
Need's to go buy a PSP soon even though I don't want one. 
@Charonqc thought I was getting tooth as well, no! Only threaded titanium rod. Need to wait 3 months. fuckity 
Know anyone who could hook me up with a lick-n-stick inspection sticker? I'm desperate. 
@rneedel Yeah... no.  Need to figure out how to teach him to sleep in.   And, would love to go, but have errands that need doing. 
Need to practice phonetics for tomorrow's class... Don't feel like practicing it alone... 
Starting to pack for Mazatlan!!!-Need to clean too 
On my break. Bloody knackered. Need Jase hugs. 3 1/2 hours left 
Need to go downtown but don't wanna walk down there in the rain...   Will wait a bit and hope it lets up.
Sooo freakin tired cant believe it. Need to get a better sleeping pattern goin 
Hungry. Need to get groceries. AGAIN. Watching Barefoot Contessa doesn't help. 
Need to find a new job/volunteer opportunity now that the Tech no longer needs me.  826 Valencia? Jamba Juice?
Needs Her bed... And her pillow 
Need Matrix night. And also, a miracle? I miss him already. 
@Natbat No I'm afraid not! Need to keep adding flour and water for about the next week!  See recipe at http://icanhaz.com/sourdough
@Shannonbabeee Need to go into e.k to get a dress  I better go fetch the Flymo to shave my legs :L
Need to order my Wonder Year's ticket soon 
Need to buy clothing, a gift for my dad, and starbucks via ut first I need to eat! Soo hungry 
My girl's temp is up to 102 and staying.    Need to go to store for more Motrin and Tylenol.  Hate when she's sick!!
I'm so tried! Don't want to sleep though. Need a girlfriend 
Show tonight with @fidelcampbell debating on going. Need recovery but I won't see him again for a long time 
Jaja broke my effin pen.. I s-till dont feel good. Need sleep. 
My pedicure is chipped! Need to get another one this week before my party. Won't match Mom now. 
Need a Dr. Pepper 
@DrTread Dude i know  Need a secretary/house cleaner/pool lass?
Just had an awesome BBQ... Need to have fun this evening after an unsuccessful iPhone 3GS purchase 
Bedtime. So tired. Need someone to cuddle with. 
Is Discouraged. Thanks @Scottycurf . I'm gonna work at @Rue21 for the rest of my life. Dreams.. Crushhed. I Need 2 Stop sucking @ Life 
Need coffee.. @_@  Too many agenda.. student conference, small reunion of junior high, case reports.. I want an extended weekend 
Hanging out at the office with good friends. Do not what to work tomorrow. Ready for my day off on Monday! Need to clean and do dishes 
Do not dance on the balls of your feet in fishnets and platforms. Feet. Hurt. Need. Rest. 
Need to actually get stuff done.  Don't know if sleep is going to be one of them 
Need to re-start my com. Crap. 
Need to find a present for my Daddy!!! I dont know what he might want  Maybe I could color him a picture like old days...
I want my xbox back  #codwaw #mp1 #MP2 #xbox #WTF #Need
Ok off to the gym to burn off so cals before start work on this 500 sq ft deck. Need to get it stained for the summer months ahead.  **
Bored  Need talk with someone please  xD
Crunch time. 1 week till move time. Need to get boxes and such. Also, im sick. Boooooo 
Well the big flat TV fund is slowly growing.. Need more pennies though 
@stickerset it's a negativity spiral downwards once you're in it  Need 2 remind myself why Otalia=endgame, but it's hard with this sprack
Okay I'm not going ryhl this year.. Need to save 
Need to take a long vacation (Thailand) but can't afford that now as I would need a &quot;stimulus package&quot; first.  
how do you do the @ stuff?? Am I tweeting wrong. No more tweeting. Need to enter 430 charges 
Power cut at the office last night killed my simulations &amp; SVN. Need to go in tomorrow to get it working again &amp; attend a meeting. *sigh* 
Having an Off day today....  ...... Need Hugs ...... Lots of them .....   
Dang too hot in my room today. Need to petition for a/c in halls 
Yikes! MacBook Pro (core duo) battery just sort of popped and came apart! No leakage of any kind, but not cool! Need to replace that. 
@zumiprime LOL. I was way up on the 2nd floor lifiting weights. Need to lose ... dog &amp; me had goal to lose 20 by Jul. He did it, not me 
Need my wimbledon fix, but living in the West Coast means I have to wake up early 
Need to contemplate my graduate studies.  Got some bad news about reimbursement today.    Perhaps the beach retreat will shed some light.
Just off work and I am falling asleep. Need a lil nap so I can survive my LSAT class that starts tonight. 
I've been eating SO unhealthy lately! Need my motivation back 
Need a vacay tho...*someone* offered Vegas, but I don't think it'll be the same without my girls 
Heavy rain this mourning  Need some Metal raise my spirits... http://bit.ly/NkrrG
Starving, but no food here and I think Lee and I are gonna get chinese later. Need dinnerrrrrrrrr. 
Workkkk. Need to make that $$$. Lauren needs a car!!!!! 
Damnit, got my new AMD 6000+ processor in after the last one failed.  After 2 hours of troubleshooting, it is DOA.   Need it NOW! 
Morning guys-Good nite...Didnt sleep last night,just kept turning and tossing in bed.2day 2 sleepy to really work  Need coffee!!
Need sleeeeep  This whole week has me soooo frazzled and kerbobbled and kerplexed. Damn Dr. Seuss
Up bright and early- getting ready to leave for DC.  Traffic is always crazy   Have a great day!  Need coffee now...
Woke by @barbaravey 's birds at 4am   Bright note, going to see Jersey Boys t'nite.  Need a nap!
Exam results are up....failed 2 modules and passed 4! Need to some how pass one of the failed ones before next sept!!! 
Woke up with a headache today. Need more sleep 
Need to get out and catch the bus to go to Starbuck, then work crap. 
feeeeeeeling a bit bleh. Need my rest. Lovely sunshine to relax in... unfortunatley not with the fiance today 
Need to get outside today. Atmosphere's a bit rarified in the house... 
Need to go jobhunting tomorrow, which means I need to write a CV... boring 
My adapter won't fit on for my laptop. So now I am without computer. I fail  Need a Best Buy pronto!
I miss my phone sooo bad!! Need a job STAT!! Hmm... I hate babysitting 
Homeworkkkk. Ugh! Need to wake up early tmr to collect form from school. I wanna watch drag me to hell and transformers 2!! 
Ughh todays beach weather... But I have work. Need...midol 
Need to walk Blue, but i am so damn tired 
Goodmorning tweets. Sorta tired. Need my charger  prob gonna go back to sleep
Oh the job hunting is not going well!!!!!  Need to find something soon to help out with this mandatory Furlough!   Thanks Govenor!!!  
Need to be outside, but I am inside    So the UK has twitter pegged as a primary SN not an enabling technology. Cool?
@lapcat Need to send 'em to my accountant tomorrow. Oddly, I wasn't even referring to my taxes. Those are supporting evidence, though. 
I'm up. quite... err, early. My colleague &amp; i are off for outfit hunting. Need some new gowns. Gonna leave my 2 big babies sleeping. 
@yod9 Thanks tons man! Seems to b working  Now I must try it on my internet PC in the studio. Need to get u 2 work on my recording pc! ha!
@knitster totally need to be! Everything breaks or aches too much. Need a new body! 
It's a perfect day ... Need to find a nice bottle of champagne.  Going to let myself be enlightened by the caviste 
Needs starbucks 
@Destrin, Yep. Need to brush up on my formal normalisation theory for this interview 
Silent Witness tonight: ORSUM  but depressing. D: Need to cheer self up now. D:
First day out and about wore me out. Need some mango sorbet and a nap now. Got some beautiful beach glass beads and a sunburned nose. 
@KyleStyxx Bitchy is fun, too.  Need an excuse once in awhile to act crazy.
Ready to head to vegas! Need a new tat! 
Need me some sleep...Have some pretty bad handwriting cuz i'm so tired. Night all 
@SwayShay Think its GREAT... Need to get out more tho!! Trapped inside on this damn addicting twitter LOL 
Need coffee! Starbucks.  then I'll go home. Big day tomorrow. Fun in the sun then international festival. 
Threw an awesome half bday party! Was a success!  Need to sleep now 
Nap time! Need to wake up in an hour! Keys here we come 
Exhausted after long, fun day with SIFF and family. Need to sleep. Tomorrow brings laundry and grocery shopping. It's all very exciting. 
The mpx blizzard is a slippery beast, takes me a full field length to land! Need to counteract the Axi 2820/10 with some chutes 
@summer_glau     &quot;I Need A Reply&quot; or should it be &quot;We Need A Reply&quot; for we are few...  
@jeff_barnett Know that you are not alone.  Signed, fellow teeth gritter. lol...
Gotta clean house and three dogs today before our guests arrive. Need some good cleaning music on iPod and COFFEE 
@Nieves_Herrero Haha, theres no Need to Apoligise, 
@KGBWastelander if you don't compare it to #COD4 its a really well put together game! Need a Hand just holla 
Need a custom twitter background? I can help. Starts at $30. Tweet me for details 
META! working @locationscoutny playing w. @twitter, listening to @rejectstv. Need film/tv/music vid locations? http://bit.ly/debbieregan 
Need a custom twitter background? I can help. Starts at $30. Tweet me for details 
Need to talk to Soap suds. Let me know when you're online please?  xx
Ok, tweeps. Need to rest my eyes (away fm the computer screen) before studying. Back later! 
Vacation is over. Back at work. Need to get used to all this stuff again 
@goodonpaper looking forward to coming down! what time does David start at? Need to allow time to get home for dinner and back 
@alisejohnson Awesome! Mine was good, but way tired now  Need moar rest! 
Need prayers 4 my disfunctonal family. Ya'll have a good day 
@sparkles17 I'm about 1/2 way thru... Need to finish by 4/26...gonna see the DVD after 
And, save their clearcoat, they are done.  Will be in the mail Wed and off to Kids Need to Read to auctioned off to raise money. Woot!
Thanks to all for your nice thoughts. It was a lot of work and even more fun! Come diving with me sometime! Need lessons? 
Hey, are any of my twitter friends from Australia? Pls give me a shout out.. Need to ask something! 
Had a great presentation with @kahenya at the KTB. Good stuff. Need to get on my grind now and work smart. 
Crocheting with Noro yarn....I love it!  Need to spin some more chunky yarns tonight.  
Load her up on the antioxidants to maybe help with the cancer, couldn't hurt right. Need some shut eye now, have a great night twitterers 
Fccck the policee ruining the partying cus were to loud! Booo, Need some d kids I would be happpy as fck 
I'm still procrastinating from revising. Done a bit of Food Tech and RE. Need to do maths now. Gah. Cinema tonight with my girlies! 
Need to edit today, didn't get any done yesterday as Pat and Cameron showed up and stayed til 11  ah well.
Good morning. Need coffee. 
...really have to get myself moving. Need coffee! Helping a friend first and then I'll be heading to the store to work. 
Morning!  Nice rainy day in DC. Need to break out the umbrella...ella ella ...oops was I singing??? ;)
Seattle is sunny atm.   Need to go take advantage of it before it rains again.   I'm outta here for a bit..   
http://twitpic.com/4ixe0 - Just because it's already 11pm here and I'm still on PST. 8 Mile while grubbin'. Need to meet friends 
is heading out to the Santa Monica pier.  Need to breathe in some fresh air, or as mom say's &quot;maqoor oht&quot;.  Prescription for good health 
@Scath Need Australian host  I have business protection here, gov depts, etc. If Dryline screwed me there'd be nothing I could do.
People are really silly out here but it doesnt matter cuz you are really wasting ur time and energy trying to piss me off..  Know ur role
Aforementioned posts (x2) = metaphor for life right now? hmm. Need to get out of here, need that dirty water, oh Boston, you're my home 
Going to the gym early trying to get back in shape again. My husb got me a gift cert to swim w/ Dolphins for my BD.  Need muscles!
Anyone of you Indie heads know what Donie from The Hassle Merchants' surname is? @unarocks @nialler9 @karlusss Help. Need for copy. 
It's only 10:30 and I am going to BED! Brain can't focus at all.. Need a fresh new start. I pray that God grants me a fresh tomorrow. 
@Madinafire Buying my copy today, so excited! Need to learn it for friday  Good luck in sheffield
Want: Trip to Boston next month. Need: Addit'l motivation to save the $ to do so.  Beloved daughter wants to go with, which = 2x the $. 
Just Saw Confessions Of A Shopoholic...Totally fell in love with Hugh Dancy's accent!! :3 Need $20.00 for tomorrow, new top i want!! 
Sleep is not coming easy. Sleeping pills. Need them. Maybe this is why my mind is soo wild lately. No sleep=craziness. Proven fact! 
@MystaKool Haha  I'm also looking for a good E-series phone these days. Know any?
@alaricthegoth lots of room, but still never enough! Need to get beans in this week and plant up toms in ghouse. Good luck tomorrow 
Off to Ralphs. Need some chocolate milk. 
@TheAitch I KNOW!  Seriously, the toe polish was chipped since like forever ago. Ugh. Need to tweeze, and dye my hair, but progress!! 
My new RX-8 in Need for Speed: Underground for iPhone.  http://twitpic.com/4yquj
@DawnRichard jus downloaded trainwreck online. Need it on my iPod!!! Trust I would've paid 4 it if I could 
@MelissaMAGICx3 bored. Hungry. Gave up on printing. You? &amp; LOL at ur sistas text 
@acton Liked your bid over on smarta.com  We're having a tweetup tomorrow post somesso conf.  Fancy joining us? Need to find a venue 
Steff needs to calm down. Haha  AHH Need to do steff and tim show - going to do tomorroww.. 
Need some new music on my iPhone.. Got any? 
Wanna be featured on TV?  Need namin ng girl na may insomia  tell me kung interested kayo, this is for a s... http://plurk.com/p/tsdpw
@forestk I obviously Need. Moar. Coffee! Do you have any other nifty tools for me to URL-hack to? 
@MsKnitSox omg! Need to see that! Maybe he'd sing for my b-day- it's only 11 days away 
@gibberworld awful ride wasn't it, terrible race though! McCoy let me down with a terrible ride in the first! Need a winner! 
@ana2008 &quot;TOS&quot; sounds gr8!! Need to meet @travessia sometime!! Have fun!! 
I had so much fun last night! Need to go to Ray's more often...a lot more often lol. and I think Megatron agrees 
Arg! Need coffee. Someone &quot;please&quot; bring me a cup; I promise to be your best friend ever...or until someone brings me something better. 
Need a children's large Donald Brashear shirt. C'mon America, he's a FINE role model for the kids. 
@lov3lyd0rk one week left and Ty's gone. Need the monies. 
Enuff of working for now  Need to hit the bed. Good night folks!
Need a glass of wine now or I'll never get to sleep! Night all. Sleep tight 
@kalena Whats the prob? Know a thing or two about em 
Painting pretty much done. Insane. Straight 11 hours of working. Need posters. My body hurts. Bed soon. Mac and cheese first! 
 Need to be next to you Tucking u in and saying goodnight Smiles xxooxox
I just woke up and I feel like shit. Need Coffee. 
there) and also Need for Speed: Shift, probably. 
Using Mac Again  Need a new router tho :/
I felt this incredible need to play some music. So I did. Took my poor keyboard off its hiding place. Need to start playing again. 
Okay.. finally going to bed! Need to dream up lovely scenarios.  Later tweeters!
Back at the office! Need me?? Come see me or call me cause I fo sho can't leave  Wait how am I getting home?
PLEAAASE Could someone help me to send message with my mobile phone to twitter?!?!?!?!?! Need help. I'm to stupid. Fuck. 
Need web design? Then just do it... like in the Nike ad  Stop the ads please ;)
@disil429 Nothing much. Just watched a movie. Need to nip to docs later. Then chill out tonight i think 
Office is done and application made. Rest. Need to decide what book to read next 
@topdan Can't wait! Luv the workstation demand! Go Neville!!  Need some jamming happy Friday music. 
@mumbrella Premier's knew about it when it first launched, just took them ages to go onto it! Need I say anymore? 
Ugh! Need to go into one of the big towns today .,2 hour drive . Oh well soon weekend . wooohoo! 
@Snookss Can I be the treasurer instead?  Need to pay for this cheap wine somehow!  
Need to sort a few things this morning and clear emails - then bring on the Bank Holiday weekend 
Going to bed. Need to be at work in 6 hours. Hopefully I get some good sleep. Having awesome visitors visiting, so will need the energy! 
@threnn i'm grand thanks. Need a coffee or three and I'll be mega! If in town for Dublin Soul Festival, give me a shout 
Just became fan of #Razorlight, after hearing Wire to Wire song. Need to get my hands on their latest album. Hey, one's never too old... 
Need to go home!  My ride is already waiting!  Lots of writing to do when I get home! 
My hubby and son come back tomorrow after a week away. Yippee!!!!!! Need to get the place in order   Usually the other way around...
@BillHarper Green or maybe blue or maybe red. The red ones look like they want to be balloons  Need to get the UWA job to afford 1 tho :/
http://bit.ly/equal-pay So you think you're a victim of gender discrimination at work?  Know your rights 
Phew, finally Anjal is free of Evolution/EDS patches. Pushed all to 2.27.x. Need to push webkit patches upstream. I need a helping hand 
@GirlsWithWings Staying for as long as we can stand it  Good sugg. on bikes. Need to get a hitch for the car for the carrying rack.
#livechat now on! Need tips on PR or using twitter for your business? Hosted by @robshepherd http://tinyurl.com/qjwtzc 
@Jimena22 re:kristenstewart, got link  or mag that confirmed stewart doesn't twitter? Need it, thanks. 
 so b truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead, even tho u have 2 endure many trials 4 a lttle while. Know god is molding &amp;refining u. ...
Loving working with buyers! Need some listing...do you know anyone that needs to sell their home? Send them my way 
@wyldkyss TY! I had an awesome time meeting everybody!! Good times!  Need to do it again soon. 
Anybody have anything exciting for me to do over the bank holiday weekend, Need to avoid the internetless, lonely, boring room 
That Fool Episode 3 editing is done.  Need spot translations.
Ahhh , love .. Can someone tell me some signs when a boy likes you ? Need advices .   Thanks  (via #zenjar )
Ah! Just noticed the time! Where did my night go? Need to get things wrapped up so I can face last day of school tomorrow!  Night!
Need to write a finance article... Reply with ideas please 
Shall I try again??? :o) Need sleep, will try to read myself into a slumber. Goodnight. 
I was sleeping but thunder, lightning and hubby's surround sound woke me up. He's watching HULK haha! I'm going back to bed!! Need sleep! 
Need to pack, Dallas tomorrow, can't wait to get away for the weekend 
Pulled my back, not fun.. so off to my Osteopath this morning!! Need more Pilates 
Need sleep..going to put on some Lost ( yes, I stayed away from ALL the spoilers, score one for ILS!)..and hit the sheets.  Night y'all
@moggy99 PMSL  Need 2 Wii (God agrees it's good 4 me), then work be4 wkend starts 4 me. U have a good one &amp; savour some liquid nectar 4 me
@martijnbeijk Hehe, working on it, working on it! Need to process the piles, and then send out all the to-do's 
Just woke up. Now going to take a shower, and than off to work. I don't want to, but I'll have to. Need money for my vacation! 
Need to go to bed but flubbers on! Haven't seen this movie in ages 
Whoa, drugs are kicking in big time. Need fresh air &amp; exercise so I don't succumb to sleep too early. #notswineflu  
Is going to Stone featherbrook tonight  Tis me friends bifday  Need u funky tie though.... hmmm, lets call the brother 
