Most common words for this cluster:
[('need', 599), ('today', 32), ('tomorrow', 27), ('work', 25), ('sleep', 24), ('day', 23), ('home', 19), ('time', 19), ('lol', 15), ('job', 14), ('something', 13), ('coffee', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Need', 0.9999477863311768), (u'Want', 0.6947872042655945), (u'Needed', 0.6838448643684387), (u'Needs', 0.679482638835907), (u'Got', 0.5811503529548645), (u'Desperately_Need', 0.5538545846939087), (u'Deserve', 0.5525811910629272), (u'Harder_Than', 0.5508573651313782), (u'Can_Handle', 0.549513578414917), (u'Can', 0.5425145030021667)]





Need a hug 
wondering why I am so stupid  Need to eat more fish I guess *sigh*...
Need's help with this anxiety crap 
2morw  I get my blasted wisdom teeth pulled! Need sleep...cnt stop worryng, I hate needles 
Need to go and do some college work and then go to work having had no food  !
Working too  Need a break too!!!!
Just had myself as driving lesson, went pretty well.  Need to stop crossing my hands over on the wheel apparently though, bad times 
Need advice 
Really like my new phone! Need more sleep 
Need to arrange my car insurance 
Waiting for it to b 9am so I can go talk to the store manager at 75th and bell.. Need another job wis isnt gunna cut it.. 
I cant change my biog from my mobile  gutted! Need to change it, any ideas?
Need more tour 
@revees_please Need to be careful. That person could of been any1 
Need to summon the enthusiasm to clean the cupboard and put it all back though 
Need to place an ad to hire another loan signing agent, but totally procrastinating. I'm so picky &amp; dislike interviewing process! 
Need to go to tesco but can't be botherd getting taxi there and back and carying all my bags 
Huaaah fat fat... Need to stop munching 
Need ticketmaster to give me good news soon 
Need to get my ass moving 
Need to start all over cause all my test scripts are gone. 
@memith No recording what so ever...I did kinda figure out more of that song I was writting though.  Need a better melody 
has to clean her room for her party and still doesn't have a costume. Need help asap 
Need to revise :\ exams on thursday cba though  science + maths is a fail !!
thinks she might really be getting sick...feel awful today...even though i was in bed by 9.  Need rest.
Need to do english homework 
@eithrael   bouncing was good... :p  But those do look like a handful. Need some assistance holding them? lol
Need to catch up on some work... But it's so nice outside 
Need to weather-proof the garden furniture. OK, need to find the bottles of weather-proofing we bought last year  Need to empty garage (
Need to go and get some food shopping! No food in the house  but also need to start writing French essay 
@TiraFA Aww I can't join! Need to study 
So tired thats its not even funny. Need sleep &amp; rest, but on my way to a dinner 
Need a different antibiotic.  This one's making me sick.  
Need a strong cuppa coffee. Unfortunately, we don't get good strong coffee here. Its all milk 
Need to get ready n go home...   
has a hangover from hell! I'm never doing absinthe shots again! Need some painkillers. 
Need deez damn tickets 
Need to clean my desk. Papers have piled up to start blocking the lower edge of the screen... Literally drowning. 
Need to start exercising, but I hate running, and there's nowhere nice to walk even remotely near to me 
Eugh! Need to do some work/tidy room, but I just want to continue making my dance costume! 
Heading home following a very successful days shopping. Need to nurse my burnt head 
Just took my _last_ vicodin  i hope it works tonight. Need pans to go away so i can sleep.
Need some form of motivation to get my work done 
I miss couples trip  Need to find 2 other cute couples willing to go on an awsome trip in the future http://www.baanhin.com/yourhome.htm
@keza34 yup. Need good grades so need to revise 
Morning Tweets. Tooooo early. Need 2 more hours of sleep 
The baby rats are too cute!! Need to start revising but they're distracting me 
My bees swarmed sometime last week  Loads of queen cells. Need to work out what to do next.
Need to study bad 
My mood is as gray as the weather... Need help cheering up 
@jodi54 I understand....  Need to to type you tomorrow at some point.... 
Just read my phone bill. Need to sms less when away. 
Supppper tired. Need to get home to go to sleep and get ready for tomorrow. Another early day 
Need to go to bed so I can get up in time to finish some homework before work tomorrow. 
@h0ll0wd0ll They're a nuisance! I'm following almost 400 now. Need to lose some I never communicate with, they might be perfectly lovely! 
Brownout pa rin.  Need to watch tv na!!
@alexerific Need to start my modern, due tomorrow. 
Need to study today. 
Need........to.........finish........this.......song...................... 
@bass_face I know its shite  Need the dollar tho so its gotta be done I 'spose... booooooooooooooooo
@fiowantscoffee lol yuh, just unfortunate that hard drive died on me. Need to buy a new one now 
Need to study for my bio final...  But I'm so tired ugh 
I'm pretty ill today  It's not helping me focus! Need lots of dance music!!!!
Need 2 get outta bed...but I can't still drunk I guess,nite nite I guess 
Oh people. Thinking about the lack of sleep I'm about to get pains me. And no resting on the flight. Need to go to bed after landing. 
I cannot sleep and it's 5am already... Need to get up in a few hours 
Need to get up - waaah 
Working in office... Need to work on presentation too 
Need some one to smoke a bowl with 
So restless! Need 2 get some sleep, on a flippin double at work 2morrow 
Still feelin like shit  Need sum drugs 2 keep me goin or sumfin!
Need ( but don't want ) to get hair cut , my ends of hair so dry and don't looks healthy 
Computer has only been on an hour and it has switched off twice. Need to book an appointment 
Need a lie down - incident earlier taking its toll - but no matter how much I will it, dinner just won't cook itself 
Need to revise but can't seen to make myself ! 
anyone know anything about illustrator?  Need to invert the colours on a logo eps and my illustrator-fu is weak 
Later, Pals!  Need to do the dishes.  
Need to get to bed go to work at 7am 
Need to go to work in half an hour. I don't want to 
I just did something terrible. I got up and snacked on something spicy. Need to go to bed but if I lay down it will burrrrnnnn... 
Need studio lighting and a new lens but have no money. 
Need to go to school soon for maths revision! Not good 
Just get in my room... Need a big rest  http://myloc.me/12yH
Need a haircut..but I don't feel like cuttin it 
Nothing to read  Need to go to the book store soon.
woke up. Need to do some homework before school 
Need a haircut. The lady who cuts mine  is out until weds.   
My cat snuck out, and is stalking somewhere around here lol.  Need to go look for him now     jerk lol.
Need to study a bit today 
Need to go into town today to go to the library but i don't want to get wet 
Need tablets 
Morning.. Still full of snot.. niiiice. Need to listen to the rest of chart show later, then revise  badtimes.
Overslept!!! Need &quot;pick me ups&quot; 
Need motivation to do my homework thats due in like 2 hours  lol .
Feels Rough.  Need a weekend to get over the one just gone! Looking forward to a chilled night on the sofa tonight. Anything good on TV??
Need motivation to do my homework thats due in like 2 hours  lol .
Is soo hungry .. Need to go on a diet :/ wishes james was at skwl the little skiver 
4 hours sleep, not pretty....Need rocked back to sleep 
aaaggh gots 2 go 2 work  it's short and it's pointless! Need the moneys tho!
Today started off crazy enough and just got a little crazier.  Need to fit in an emergency dental appointment for the little man 
has been sent home from school.. ill   Need to chat! No-one's on msn! x
Why don't I have any food in the house that I actually want to eat?? Need to go shopping, but left the pram in the car. 
Need some honey and lemon, sore throat! 
Need to cut the grass today, but my dog is afraid of the lawnmower noise. 
Finished two more chapters. Out of ideas again  Need some red wine for inspiration!
says nitey nite twitterverse x! I'm going to stretch my limbs and then get some shuteye. Need to restore energies to tackle uni work tmrw 
Really bad headache  Need to shower and then off into town for lunch with @steve228uk.
Just finished an assignment... Now I have two more to write plus a speech... Need to finish one this weekend and I'm sick 
Need to do so much, but so little time 
I don't even have anything in my fridge to make lunch.  Need to go and buy some food.
Need to mow the lawn today, dog poo on it....  Might do it when sun is warmer
It is way too damn early!! Need sleep!  I'm gonna die.
Need to remember that I will NOT wake up prior to sleeping 6 hours each night. Not sure why.  2 alarm clocks didn't even wake me 
Why am I so not feeling well today :-/ ... I think my accounting professor gave me his germs  ... Need to find some meds
40 mins used of 600 min plan. How do I use up 560 mins in a wk? Need to rethink phone plan or get friends who actually like talking w me 
So sore ! Need a back rub. 
@cdhealy I might join u but right before the match. Need to sort a couple of things on that gap of time 
Need coffee, black... But only coffee mix around 
One of those rare moment when i wish i had a man. Need somebody to bring me some vick's vapo rub 
Need to write a reflection report for my coach. But it is hard to reflect on a session  that happened 3 weeks ago. 
Need to craigslist a new roommate asap. This sux. I like my soon-to-be ex roommate 
Need to come up with another blog post today. But for now, I AM SLEEEEEPPYYYYYY!!!!!!!! 
@nicolepenney That sucks! I'm going to be doing summer school.  Need to catch up on several units 
Need to buy a bluetooth device for machine 
Need a nap  but I have to take 4 trains now
Just got up. Need to leave for class in a hour. 
I think I juz missed my last bus  .. Need to walk home sia - http://tweet.sg
Migraining today--the naproxen sodium tablets I took are helping a little but my neck is now killing me.  Need my muscle relaxants 
Need to take my laptop to see a specialist... It keeps going off every now and then... thisk it's getting too hot... don't know 
Need to dye my hair, can see a slight hint of ginger 
Need to get an adjustment, neck is all out of whack 
woke up way later than I intended to today  Need to start getting to bed before 5 a.m. b/c this will be a bad habit to break later
Need to sleep but can't 
Starting to get annoyed with socialscope. Need an update 
Need dayquil 
Going to bed in a bit. Need to revise 2moro. 
no boyz n bullz...rain instead.    Need to find a cowboy some other way I s'pose
Need to cram on studying this weekend... 
don't you see me on the phone don't interrupt rude! se-curity, se-curity! Need 2 go, need 2 go. Wow I should go to bed! but i can't! 
Need yo do some shopping then need to do the huge amounts of work i've been asked to do over this weekend 
Where did everybody go ? Need to talk with someone now ! 
Need suttin to do afta work 
Not motivated to do the yard. Need to get it done tho 
What to do., what to do.  I wanna  figure out this &quot;blip&quot; function but I'm afraid it will get too addicting.  Need to hit the books. 
The sun is shining and I'm stuck indoors  I need to get a pedi and I'm thinking a mani is due. Need to see my stylist too. I need me time.
Need to get ready for work. It's too nice outside to go be in the bookstore all afternoon. 
Need my pliers so I can cut the ball ends of the strings, but they're hiding from me 
Need to relax but have to do my billy blanks tae bo workout dvd thingy 
Need to edit and upload some new videos... but my final cut isn't working right now...  sorry chaps.
Is there a way to find out who unfollows you???? Need to know 
Need a job only got enough doe to last me about 4 months 
Up, one hour later than I sat my alarm til  Now I don't have all the time I want. Need to do it all faster
Need to go to sleep...quite the interesting weekend! You know you're getting old when clubbin' isn't that fun anymore!  LOL
Always too early to be up!!! Need to get working on sewing projects!! But not happening today.. 
@decidophobic I need to go shopping too. Need shoes and stuff. Not much time to go expo though. 
Need the sleep. haven't had any sleep.. 
Totally slept funny and my shoulder/neck are killing me now (adding to the random pain from last week). Need a massage...! 
reading through the updates takes forever....thats what I am doing. Need to get off my computer and go to work 
No ice cream  stonehaven packed with twats today! Getting seriously too hot to be out anyway! Need to get groceries now... Boring! 
Need to re-new my passport but I'm so lazy to do so  but must do it by this week or else !
Up and starting the day.  No food for breakfast and batbat barked much of the night   Need snuggles @fezzi.
My pool is no good.  went to set it up and a mouse had chewed it up! Need a pool now.
Today, I was defeated by a 'small' mountain  Need to stuff my face to restore my glycogen levels. Now, that shouldn't be a problem!
Need an A for English 
@Ultimation No money otherwise a resounding yes  I can't afford to get down atm. Need a job! 
Starting to feel car sick now! Need to get home!  LOL
Need a new girlfriend now 
Money shortage again  any ideas for a party anyone. ? Need credit and the second twilight book and to pay kim back ARGHH
Need to get to bed, school in the morning, but cant sleep!!!   aaaaahhhhhh
Need hit again? Why do I bother saying anything? Just makes everything a mess or upsets people. Ugh 
Need to find a summer job so badly.  
Getting down at the rejections again  Need to rewrite the beginning I think.
Need a new lappy badly! 
http://twitpic.com/6e8cr - Need to do a few paint touchups on the bumper 
phwoah... Tuesdays gone is mega hard. Need double kick pedal 
Need to get some signs printed for  a telephone number to go on our 4 sale sign, printing shop this morning wasnt interested 
Need to do another ultra sonic again tomorrow! 
Need a break.  And cake 
Need jacket so cold. And i have cold gym all next class     -HopeKeepsUs-
Need to go to the gym....I feel madddd stuffy tho 
wondering if selling my old jewelery is a good idea.No job,yet.Need money 
Need to study  But i dont want to :/
Just got crapped out by an old client  Need to fix some old stuff now.....sigh!
Need to charge my phone 
Finally going home. Need to study fir finals 
Why do things ALWAYS happen on the same date/time... ugh! Need to clone self to attend all these great events 
@pugofwar I have a pair and they hurt my feet  Need them more for walking.
Need a back massage  All this sitting at a desk, not doing wonders for the old back..
Having problems reading because of pollen allergy hitting hard today  Need to postpone NERS email until tomorrow evening...
I'm so tired. I want this cold to go away! Need sleep but it's not night yet 
@annyo84 I can't  Too broke to get new router. Need to fix fridge and car first LOL
Need to sleep but have upset stomach! WTF is it with me? I eat rubbishy pizzas and burgers and I'm fine, I eat salads and I feel grotty! 
Off to bed. Need to ready to leave by 7:30am 
Need a bunny or something equally fuzzy to cuddle up with. 
Need to have a very important skype meeting with gonzo. Hurrrrryy. I need to sleep cuz I'm waking up at 530am tomorrow. 
Need to get some sleep, work tomorrow. Sucks. 
Need to get some rest -tomorrow will be a looooong &amp; grueling day   G'night!
@lisalent  I am thinking of putting together a package for couples to elope on the central coast. Need a few photographers, interested?
Need help with time zones!11!!! I should've listen to class in high school when this was discussed. 
Need papers 
@aidanhampson done all those and the last one isn't on spotify  Need more like mr scruff or g love esq??
Need to do the week's food shopping as the cupboards are bare  but don't want to be stuck indoor a supermarket for 2 hours . boo!
Need to go to toilet but i'm scared i will encounter a ghost.  sad face.
@mkayes ahha. But then you don't get paid holidays do you?!  Also I'm not sure I have the skills to work for myself. Need some development
Need sleep, off to work instead 
Need to start sleeping better here. Last night was a lil better, but I still look exhausted every morning 
Too many of my design clients are waiting for the stock market to turn around!   Need another source of income!
Need air conditioning 
Need to revise for chemisrty on thursday I know nothing  xox
is hating my foot right now...And is too hot! Need a nice cold drink but don't have one 
Need to find my xbox controller 
Need to get to bed, leaving napa tomorrow 
Need more than one bathroom, dammit!  Need to wash off the gym funk &amp; hubby keeps running in there!  
Need to get two new tyres fitted today at staggering expense 
Need to find my mp3 player, I'm back on the bus today. 
Need a plumber but didn't have time to call one, very sleepless night.  In hounslow already, who'd have thought there would be no traffic
Need to go get some soy sauce. But it's cold and wet outside. 
Morning!Although I feel realllllly tired  want to go back to bed! Need more sleep,but I have hatched up a plan to get this costume...hahah
Going to the doctors after school  Need to get some new clothes and need sims 3 
Eating is out of hand and I have no get up and go when it comes to scrapping   Need some kind words.........
Need to find all my application and re-install them again (my iphone has been restored  )
Trying to get some decent photo's out of 400 bad, dusty autocross photo's. Need to crop a lot... 
Need more coffee 
Need to do some homework tonight but i really can't be bothered! 
Everything hurts. Meds are helping.  refuse to take the hydrocodone. Need to be alert for baby.
Need to revise  don't have much motivation to though
@kaitoukage ugh I hate that. We always try to watch the food but we end going out etc.. Need to shop like everyday. 
Need a someone to hangout with today..everyone else is occupied 
Need to find someone to fix my laptop. 
Need to sit and unwind, I feel stressed out  - everything on my mind.
Wrkn w the momss.. About to go tan then gym later.. Need to meet up w/ potential business partners later.. I'm slackn right now  ugh!!!!
Need my bed 
@mystic23 No mac money.   Need 1, though.
Need to go bed but I can't sleep  another sleepless night yet again
Need to stop, fuel up and film for next weeks show. Looks like it might rain  http://twitpic.com/6pl9p
Need nicotine  boo
Need a life change 
Need money  - http://tweet.sg
@dmadness ur mix cd is dope. Need a 320 version of &quot;it can't work&quot; by t rebel my 45 snapped in half  hook a brudah up?
Need to get a new phone tmrw cause the stupid ok button is starting not to work! 
@jonoxer awesome... now I just need to sort out getting some equipment. Need a local supplier 
dying from ear pain. Need advice about what to do about ears and air planes before i leave on vacation.  nervous
Creative juices seem to have dried up.  Need a random topic to bust writers block!
Just realized that I havent played competitive basketball for more than a year now..  Need to check if I still have it..
I got 99 problems  I'm a lil down. Need 2 stop bein honest and start lying!
Need sleep n my back has been hurt all day... Not feeling this getting old 
Need to save sims 3 unlike jastine's mum who buys her games  - http://tweet.sg
dunno why I'm in a bad mood of it now, I hate how dreams affect you like that  Need to be non tired for later and non sad!
Need some followers 
Need 2 start gettin ready in 5 mins.... joy  x
Need followers 
Need more followers! I have like 10 
really&quot; boreddd, do the same thing everyday  Need new activity..
Need need need to pee. 
Jialat! Need something to get over my permenant grouchiness 
I need to rest a little... allergy is killing me  Need to recover soon... hope it'll pass soon. Take care...
Need to blog...Need the strength...Need to put V's tube back in...Need the heart. 
Need to buy a little girl a present..  how difficult. 
Raining here and the window aren't done yet  almost to wet and cold to work. Need to get some more wood cut.. then maybe go to mass
Need to get some pills to get better 
Probably  Its not  i codnt be bothered i feel horrible lol! Need to do sumit practical feel like iv wasted the day
Need a really good sleep to get rid of this headache I've had all day  looking forward to church tomorrow,hoping the rain stops tho!
Need to sleep now, up again in a couple of hours 
Need my own laptop.... 
@la_russo Need a charger .....battery low 
Amyone got a cure for hiccups? Am dying here.  Need a cure.
Need more advil.... 
After 2 hours of fine laundry, I remember that I set it to the wrong setting. Need to wash them again for 2 hours. 
@karlhedrick oh no! We jinxed you last night.  Need a flashlight?
party wasn't all that great tonight  bummer!!! Need more people to book parties!!! www.romanticrevival.com/mandee
Need to go out or get something to do, im well bored 
Special K red berries, you are amazing. Need something light so i wont be so hungry at lunch and pig out.  Also helps sop up the schloger 
Waking up to twitter email saying someone was following me. So funny he is. Need to get up but don't wanna!  
GUTS-events: working on guice injection of typed event channels providers. Tests are failing  Need further investigation.
Going to the doctors final! Need a new puffer i cant even get out of bed or breath rofl  this just sucks a lot .
I wish I was going to summer jam.  and I'm hungry as hell now. Need another cookout. I'm gonna have to hit up walmart in a min to cook.
I don't like my new playlist that I made. Need to keep working at it. 
Need to figure out why I cannot tweet from my celly...stopped working 
Need to be at the office b4 9am 
Need to sleep but I can't fall asleep....It is going to be a long night 
Anyone interested in a sweet little puppy. Its a boy. Need to find him a home 
Chilling in leanne's. Need to go home soon  I'm heartbroken.
at home after a 7 day work week (plus 5-6 more next week).  Need to clean but can't get motivated.  need clean clothes though 
Long race day, going to jump off here for a while. Need to do dishes.  and other stuff that is not getting done for me.
On the verge of a total meltdown again.  Need to breathe and pray.  
Need to go out and run some errands.  However, I am procrastinating. 
OMGosh. It's bright outside. Need to sleep! 
Watching a couple of shows with hubbie.  Need to get to sleep at reasonable hour to study ALL day tomorrow.  
Need coffee! So tired today. Couldn't sleep tonight 
Need... To get... Out of bed 
http://yfrog.com/5hcxfj (due to the twitpocalypse) apparently the premium fix will be out tomorrow. Need my #twitterrific. 
Need more patience... 
Need to relax.  http://twitpic.com/7gbjw
Need to get out of I.T....  pay good, work flexible, but no good for the soul. 
Need some help 
Morning all. Need more sleep but I can't have it.  I need breakfast too, but I can have that. =D
Need to finish a lot of things. 
Need to spell-check before posting 
Ugh. Need to come to grips w/the fact I can't go to the parade... 
Need to go back to sleep 
Need a job 
Ugh. So sick. Need to go home. 
Need camera advice on my blackberry. 
I don't have to play-and miss it terribly  Need to push for the website re-launching-then I'll take a break-yeah!
Going to bed. Need to be up by 5.30 
Need bed! But no bed at home 
@Graciouskisay what's so funny? @simonepowderly I need to see that film man!! Need a cinema buddy 
@mariap91 Aww poor back, poor you  I'm good, still at my art project. Need to get this done tonight...
I've got really sore feet today  Need to get new shoes I think and Stuarts text earlier didn't make me any better(bastard)
Extremely tired. Need sleep but also to do hw. 
&quot;Late&quot; start but hanging in there... wish I had the day off  Need the moneyz, tho!
So tired from all the crying. Need a nap and a hug 
Just finish the class fuck! I wana drop it  in starvation mood!! Need food!
Need to practice my poker skills - but still have some work to do... 
@sneekylinux electric bill -- time to break out the caulking gun. Need to do that myself. got window ac units 
is on edge......... havin a sucky day and I think my bestest just fell outta luv with moi! Could things get any worse.. Need a shot 
Need a new keyboard  logitech is killing vmware.
Need some friends  just joined (: x x
The mornings are gettin cold, the days are getting short!......WINTER IS CUMMIN!  Need a trip to the heat......
Need a hug and for my face ache to subside. Also need sleep... I hate this stinking cold! 
Need to wash clothes blah 
Need a new capo for my guitar! 
*sigh* boxstr.com is no longer on the web, &amp; I used that site for all my audio files as well as URLs fro blip.fm Need a new site 4 that 
Need a sholder 2 cry on 
Need 2 sort my shit out! 
I'm bored of my life. Need to gtfo on vacation 
My #socnoc story is fighting me  Need a whip to get it back into shape. Or perhaps something alcoholic.
@tophatdog Yes it is the hardest decision,but it's really abt what's best for them   wow,hpe it doesn't get too fierce!Need a pet sitter?!
@emmiri yep just created it this evening. Need diet bc I feel fat. 
So messed up... Need a coffee badly...if there was any good 
I'm going to sleep... Need to get up and study tomorrow 
My ears are so itchy! Need to remember to put sunscreen on them too 
No more math for now...Need to go to sleep ... I am hungry 
Need to get my lazy ass outta bed and start about 20 loads of washing 
Need new screws, not enough. 
Need new screws, not enough money. 
Need to get myself a new pair of glasses or I will go blind very soon if I continue reading like this. 
Such a sore throat! Need a good remedy to get rid 
Need holidays! I can't be in love with the kinky guitarist.  I won't see him for two months. I look forward to it. xD
At school and chilling. Need brain food. SO hungry. 
@LouiseMayes I'm shattered, have had so much on yesterday &amp; today  Need to open a bottle of wine but far too early
@WendiTV I'm at a 3. Need a root canal.  did you get my email?
is kind of sad shes 200lbs and her bf is 170!  Need to fix this, walking to work isnt helping!
Just bought a new dress. Need some place to wear it 
Need to look for my size 6 jeans. The 4's just can't do  so sad
I'm so tired. I can barely keep my eyes open! Need sleep and its only 1:38 
Need to find the right costume for tonight... and I have a ton to do before then, so much for days off 
@daniellexo I wish the room was bigger   Need more capacity in the VLs!
Need snack nowwwww  why am I soooo hungry...
I am all kinds of sore today and I don't know why    Need a massage and a couple aspirin lol
hmm can sleep... Need sum one 2 hugg me 
In Need of a good work out! 
Need to clean, need to get motivated...too tired.  listening to sad songs doesn't help either
Starting a new diet. Need to reduce my heart risk by reducing my big belly. Although when I laugh, it won't be like a bowl full of jelly. 
Need to get well really soon!! I wanna go to Bdg next weekend with a totally healthy condition.. 
Need to get over my fear 
Need to figure out how to work this web site 
Need new skinnies  I like my old ones
Working without my usually latte  Need to finish some stuff before I disappear into oblivion from the whole world  for rest of the week..
Need.... my.... glasses. 
Need to get started on plant simulation 
Need to redesign my room....need to think about cleeaning it first 
WAHEY finally have a watcher on my longboard. Need this monies for my ipod 
Wish this rain would go rock off. Need to get back home after lunchtime...and I'm on 2 wheels! 
Need over time 
Need coffee 
Need to finish the column article tonight; but no in the right mood 
Legs r breaking! Need a seat plz. Cldnt find anything nice at f21 
Just need some time to myself. I'm just not happy.I'm sad all the time. Need someone tp talk to 
I'm still in the hospital and feel like a hit-and-run victim today. Need more pain killers. 
I'm going to sleep... Need to get up and study tomorrow 
Need to go &amp; get ready for this walk!! Wellys out as its raining yet again 
Need a shower...Need to go to London to see the dinosplaurs at NHM  Danngg
When I get back home might try and fix a bug I was working on earlier. Need to re-code quite a bit though 
Need coffee.  3 hour art history lecture. 
It is super nice outside, but I cannot get my lazy tush away from the computer and out the door.   Need energy.
Need to go 2 me bed soon up at 6.30 inthe mornin  frickin rage hi  x0x
Need sleep... So tired... But at work, so napping will hav to wait til at least 2pm 
Need a car part and another new windshield . . .  *long sigh*
Just filled in job application form. Need job so bad! 
Not a very nice two days up ahead!  Need strength to get through them though...
I planned to do alot of things this summer. But so far it has been a complete waste! Need more $ to do more things 
Having lunch. Need a sleep 
Need to make a figure sale post, as well as my boy idols/magazine shits. Need monies 
Need a job, but hate applying.   why can't it be easier?
Need a backrub.  
Need to stop staying out late without coming home to turn on ac first. It's still too warm to fall asleep. 
Need to get out of this bed and get ready for work 
Need holidays, but have to wait another 3 weeks 
Need to do some work 
Need a massage over done it in the gym and the run home 
Need to skip my yoga class again.... 
Has shin splints owwwwww! Need help stretching it 
Need to decide if I take the appartment or if I don't until 7 p.m. I'm so not sure ...  hate making decisions under time-pressure
Even though I went college all day and gym in evening, still made time to get drunk  Need to push harder!?
@Mimiteh26  Need something this morning....I am a hurting unit!  
trying to fix the stupid plaster trap  and of course now I'm behind at work. Need to be done by 4pm.
@XLoubyX no idea love. Need to make myself presentable 
Also, why the hell can't I open the soda bottle this morning? Need caffeine 
@srose2go mine are dying...    And when I cleaned up garden the other day was sneezing like crazy. Need to clean the air with rain!
feeling like krap - going to the doctor in about an hour. Need rest so badly. 
Need to give presentation.. 
Need some rest...need a vacation... 
Ughhh. Need to go outside and finally finish my project 
Need to get my oil changed tomorrow. I'm already 1200 miles over. 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnn. I am soooo tired after a long day. Need to go revise now for my two maths exams 2moz.  bye guys.x.
Not feeling well.  Need a cigarette?
RS TYPE for my new downpipin'. Need new lights. No $$$ 
@PaulineCoxy yuck! I drive a lorry for a living. When I crawl out, I usually have my wife or daughter drive me about town. Need new job. 
Need to sort out my sleepin pattern :s and ive stopped receiving emails to my blkberry and wnt let me sign in! where does this leave me! 
@knitpurlgurl i need to kick the diet soda habit too. Need the caffeine though and i really love the taste!   #bookieb
I'm really poor!!!!! Need money now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
@nikkinana  Thanks! I am trying to decided if I can go.  Need to be back that night! 
Need to be cuddled..  Its storming bad here and im scared lol
is wide awake! 8) Need to pack! 
Need to work on my city skills, participated in locking brendans bike outside @maiab 's only to come back an hour later to it stolen. 
@krishnalus Shiiiit man! Need to get over there fast! HAHA. Perooo, I have this thing tomorrow. 
Really tired. Need some rest. 
voorhoofdholteonsteking  My head is killing me! Need.. pain.. killers.. NOW!
Need some cheering up 
Need coffee and such for my nervous system ^^ haha i miss you 
Need to go and find some lunch. Really do hate Fridays, it's just too damn busy 
Need to find lip rings.... these retainers are all uncomfy  feel like i only just got my lip piercing with these silly things in my face
Need to call mom - she is very discouraged after her knee surgery   I feel helpless &amp; frustrated being so far away 
@dindamukti where r u? Need ur goggling &amp; brain  http://myloc.me/4rAE
Need more hours in the days! So much to do sooo lil time 
Need to tidy my room but seriously cba 
Need 5 more followers for 100 
Need to get to library for books on cd to pass the time since my radio tv dont work anymore. 
I just drove 20 min to go pick something up, and realized i left my checkbook at home. Need it! 
Need to makes a doc appointment I found a lump In jaw/neck area and it hurts 
And I'm out! What a frustrating week. One stop to make before home. Need another wind. Would suck to feel too tired to do anything. 
At home now. Need to make my bed before I can sleep in it 
@Thereal_shaggie I know, baaaby-wasn't expecting her to be soooo young..I'm a baaad person   Need to stop cursing on here...
Tears ran dry... Need to find some other way to stress... 
Need to get out of the house but there's absolutely nothing to do tonight!  And I have to be up early tomorrow morning, so can't go far...
Night everyone. Need to be up silly early tomorrow 
Not enjoying my life right now  have fallem out with my parents, i cant seem to do much right at all. Need new york
@mugzy050 I'm working  then gonna chill and watch my new movie. Need a relaxing movie!
Need sleep but I'm still buzzed and hyper. 
No music for awhile still  Need more money for the preamp still 
Need to do more laundry but too tired 
Need to get gas but dont feel like paying  
Need to work out... 
Need to go clean 
Need to hold my appetite today! Or the sick xs dress won't fit in me  my oh my..
Need to sleep... have to work at 9am 
http://twitpic.com/7vp08 - Need to see you live at least once again. I really need to 
Sicky icky. Need someone to baby me. She's not here to do it. 
So sleepy! Need to wake up early tomorrow. 
Need to find a replacement for the windows zero wireless config, its gash. I hate wireless 
egg sandwich always makes you feel better. Need to iron my uniform ergh  x
Need to go back sooner,jakarta,damn missing my girls around  see u all sooneeeerrrrr yewwhh! http://myloc.me/4CtF
Need help with my homework 
Need some decent challengers for killzone one on one, most run away so far 
Ugh im so tired. Need mcdonalds coffee! The next stop isnt for a while 
@Gawge Ah damn. Need a reactivation one.  Thanks anyway
Need to ditch a load of old books/comics, dont want to bin them though 
Need to run a bath... and get in it... but i really cant be bothered 
@JerrikaTsai I'll buzz you.. hopefully tomorrow!!! Need it by monday 
It seems dumb to not have a 'concede' option in #dotp multiplayer yet to count wins.  Need 1 more win for achievement but opponent quit 
Need to drill some holes in a cabinet so I can raise the shelf. But the cabinet is too narrow for my drill. 
Totally exhausting day, my feet hurt!!! Need to have a work out now. 
@fiddlermikey I can't...  I still have entirely too much to do today and I'm TOTALLY wiped out. Need sleep early
Need new ipod. Mines full! 
@WithMe__ I miss you so much  Need you.
I have a really really bad stomach ache   eurghh. Need some paracetamol :'(
@gabrockin4him nothing. Need to get out the house and eat lol..u havent seen my tweets?? Lol all my friends callin me fat  lol
11:59pm lol just 1 more min to 12!! Need to sleep, gonna revise alll day tomorrow 
@jonmasters nice. Need to set up calendar sync too. Wish I could sync with google tasks 
Need breakfast, need bacon! Then, back to work  #fb
Getting a bit nervous about howm many bookings I have for next wedding season.  Need a studio and need it soon 
Need to fight off this cold til tomorrow! It's starting to really set in 
Need sleep but it won't come 
Going climb the bukit timah hill.. Need to get my butt off the chair for some serious workout. getting fatter is not helping me.  
Tired of dramatic, angry shit online. Need someone to take care of me for awhile. Of course, no one's ever there when I need them. 
Need to sleep. Need to wake up by 4am. It seems to soon 
Need more time with nucls fam.. 
I'm 18 years old !!! So what's next  not happy and drunk. Need sun love  like family love
On way home from sherwood now!  last night was amazing! Need to get my dad a fathers day card! :/
Need a new phone 
Need another 10k for my B18C block upgrade 
really down with fever  Need to get well before tomorrow, for my last exam.
I have a 1,500-word deadline in 2 days, stacks of research materials are surrounding me, and I don't have a clue how to start  Need coffee
My washing machine is broken  Need to call tomorrow the repairer..!!!
goodnight pretty ppl! Need to hit the sch tmr. But whr's the finance office?? I need the 39bucks badly! 
Need someone who can holding my hand and let me sleep 
How do we get ahead in our finances ... it's a forver battle. Need extra $$ but how 
Need my old guitar 
Need to sell it for financial reasons but it's been my little life-line 
Need to find a job for a couple of months over the summer 
The worst thing about working is your days are so short.  Need to have my brain clear for more writing work tomorrow so good-night!
Need to go shower i feel sticky 
In class...Just found out my homeboy has 25 yrs under his belt  Also I feel a bit miserable today..Need sum1 to take me outta this
I always resort to eating noodles when I make my own food. Need to remedy that before I become the size of a house 
Need to sink to press &quot;reset&quot; and restart all over again 
Need a cuddle 
Planning this 25th BDay party is proving more upsetting than planning my wedding. Need more money and suggestions to make this work. 
Now that I'm looking in brighter lighting, my hair really IS blonde. Wow! Need to send photo to my husband but can't get a good self-shot 
@geekyspaz Aww  Need a hug? *hugs*
feelin a little down this morning... Need cheering up 
Need a geometry set or gonna fail geography test  someone help me!!
@JaynesJewels Thank you for your direct message ! Why can't I get back at you though ?  Need to ask you some questions.
 Need $$$ - http://tweet.sg
Need to shed some kilos!!  - http://tweet.sg
Just got back to my office from a pretty gruelling meeting  Need valium or alcohol I think.....won't get either so may just eat my lunch!
Having a really crappy day today  Need cheering up
Tired... Need to unwind but not alone 
Need to stop pro-frickin-crastinating now. 
Part of me wants to go to the gym to blow off this steam before this big meeting but part of me is like f*** it. Need to talk to my mom! 
Need food at some point today. Nothing is appealing to me. 
@Spacefrog29  alright then, im clean i swear! Need to hunt/collect more freebies
Need to get better by tommorrow 
@spotzle @jstarrh check on sunscreen, snacks, towels, suits, kids  drinks, bags and tape for boys cast, camera.  Need toys, chairs ugh :-/
Need more friends 
Need to work on this. 
@2kutekreations That's not good! Need to get something in there for *YOU* so that you can get off that wheel!!! 
Seems that I'm having one of my &quot;kewl-mooded&quot; dayz somehow  Probably. Or I should drink less coffee?.. O_o argh. Need to buy coffee.
Need help: How do I find out which followers left, who is the most active tweeter, and other such interesting tidbits 
@crazydaizy9 good girl... I am going walking later....  Need to build up my endurance... lollll 
AFYCSO listening hour. Need patd love.  the moon's pretty tonight.
Headed out to look at accessories for the bike. Need a lock, some sort of lighting for evening riding and a horn or bell to warn people. 
Need followers anybody add me up...I follow back 
@EternalCow I get that way sometimes too. Need a break every now again. Just go with it &amp; play for awhile. 
@foliematt yeah life's bloody hilarious lol. Actually it ain't too bad  because it's a beautiful sunny day. Need to get out in it 
@SmashFit new baby is great!!! Need more sleep but she's happy! 
giving up on this essay....losing will to live. Need food...bid yee farewell twitter world 
sorting out morphing strategies from each building typology to the other. Need to have a working basis by tomorrow evening shall be fun 
@sanjive01 I'm sure they would but look at the menus. Usually there's a page or two for veg and the rest is for non-veg. Need I say more? 
Just a quick tweet to say good night...long day. Need sleep 
Shopping! Need to find THE dress 
think I want to shed a few kilos.  Need to run more and drink less 
@mahts Sounds great! Need to visit 
Need to practice guitar... so tired... maybe if I wear my new shoes while I play it'll be more fun. 
@alittler you're right, they will likely get made fun of either way  it is unfortunate, but true. Need to approach non theists carefully
@lars_crystal Need a photographer?? You tease!  
@nichellemicole chelle belle!! Need to do some lounge scouting for business *wink* say when 
At home after a very long week. Need a break from #chs social scene since this weekend is going to be hectic.can't wait to read my book 
Need someone who can draw and make our lame comic ideas funny: message me if interested: No pay 
@CreateandInvent I'm just making my third.  Need to fuel up for a busy day of filling orders! 
@kmillerheidke Loved you tonight! AWESOME! as always!!! Need to find that facebook song you did somwhere had me in hysterics! 
Need to crank out a couple of more pics for auction pics.  Suggestions?  And I mean suggestions that people would bid on. 
Morning tweet world. I get three more vacation days this week!  woohoo!  Need to write 
@sherrymain that is a freaky letter.  Need me to tell them to beat it again? 
Need to fold laundry and finish dishes... clean out the rabbit's cage too. That's about it that really needs to be done... doable 
Dragging myself to work, missed my fitness class this morn. Need one more weekend day 
Need a wordpress template designed? contact me and i can design a theme for you cheap 
@glossymom yeah i am getting to that point. Need a new phone anyway so its gonna happen real soon!! 
@visualheart another purse? Need to see photos. 
@TammyMunson I have a 2nd monitor I could use but not sure I'll be able to hook it up! Need to make sure I have the room, sure hope so! 
@mbrevoort Thanks - that works a treat  Need to post that xml really though - thinking about how to emulate rails' ActiveResource
Just woke up, cant sleep... Need to twit... 
@liakov i feel funny rubbing it. Need some help. 
Need to write a presentation on the adolescent leisure interest profile - looks fairly easy, the manual is available online 
And succesfully generated an idea for 2nd one.. Need to finish it on wednesday!!! Catastrofe.... 
Need a prosperity tweet - hmmm 'Live long and prosper.' 
Need some good nail arts... *thinking* 
The sun is shining again here! Not complaining  Need to take doggy for a walk soon!! xxxxxxxxx
where can i find a nice purse? theres nothing on the high street at the moment? Need something off the net i think 
@Mercedeslv ok I can't wait til next week for the diet! I'm doing biggest loser contest at work. Need to know now please. 
Need to figure out a way to pick up coffee on the bike on my way to work 
Need to go bikini shopping ooh and shoes and shorts and handbags and a slinky evening dress.... 
@UpWorks yay!  Noticed.  Need to wake up now 
Need to get the pool cleaned but don't really want to - need a cheap pool-boy 
I took the photo down because it was a moment in time i needed to share. Need to make sure it is okay with them to post it again. 
@andrewmilton ...not nearly long enough.  Need at least 20 hours! 
Dancing till my feet are burning.. Need to know how to do a foxtrot for the wedding..  no pain, no gain, isn't it?
Need to find things to do this upcoming week...must be relaxed but productive. 
@azamedia decided yesterday. Need to find a job, flat, everything. But regardless I'm going! 
has to go home early today. Need to catch up on some quality rest.  http://plurk.com/p/uixjn
@DonMcAllister thanks  what did you think of it? Need to shop around for one for my b'day
@bbc_hampshire That's ok not to worry. Need any more budding trainee reporters? I have someone in mind   kisses n all
Why me? but then again why not!  Need to do that with him tonite
Need to brush up on binary math 
Just finished breakfast and I'm off to the gym like soon. Need to get some working out done before it's half day of spa activity. 
@ingridfuller I hear that! I have to make time, there is always something to do, money to earn, life to live.  Need clone!
Need a job and credit and new shoes 
Need to eat something.. ahh... where is @LaiSan_C when I need her? She could advise me on proper food for a sleepy mind 
@axis155 Rome?! Wow! Need someone to carry your luggage? 
77 #followers to make 1000 ...Need help 
@andy_anderson Need a cover still? I was going to get on that today if you need 
Need to finish this report so I can be doneeeee for the long weekend 
Still feelin sickly but on my toes for the interveiw tmro. Need this job! I'm glad I'm an awesome friend too. Always makin' smiles happen 
@FaithfulChosen  Need to leave in 10 minutes myself... I hope @crystalchappell waits for me... 
gonna go swimming at fontana later. Need to train for triathlon 
Need advice on lifestyle marketing for your business and organization? You know how to reach me 
Today is going to be a scorcher. Need to get some work done before I head outside 
@arancinibaby yep. I shall be leaving early. Need some fresh guitar strings and those I'll string tonight 
@androidtomato @_supernatural_ @HAMMER32 @Meehra *waves energetic like always*  Need a break before lunch to say hello to you.
