Most common words for this cluster:
[('new', 1449), ('york', 338), ('moon', 227), ('http', 133), ('quot', 102), ('i', 90), ('com', 89), ('day', 87), ('zealand', 80), ('trailer', 72), ('today', 70), ('jersey', 61)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'New', 0.8945325016975403), (u'Scottish_Motion_Tabled', 0.6570624709129333), (u'PowerBook_accessories', 0.5821534395217896), (u'On_Petside', 0.564595103263855), (u'Criterion_Cinemas', 0.5615652799606323), (u'Resolution_Journals', 0.5558232665061951), (u'ticker_symbol_BNK', 0.5509084463119507), (u'Theatrical_Poster', 0.5502529740333557), (u'Gaining_Confidence', 0.5486969351768494), (u'Old_Found_Wandering', 0.548536479473114)]





New video card is DOA. 
New Testament Test at 9:30 am   
New Post!  http://tinyurl.com/cexkqy
I found my MADDEN '08!  in '09  ...oh well, I say Old is New Again!
New iphone, yay! Not restoring backup, no!  Stupid apple.
@bivancamp Did you update iTunes to the new version b4 you lost it? New software update killed my ipod. 
@JenMcJ will check it out. Just want a couple to read while away. New one at Liquid Silver. Just some GOOD reads-read some rubbish lately 
yay, I can txt to twitter but can't receive to my cell bcos im in New Zealand 
is back from New York, but wants to go back so badly 
New SATC movie coming out 2010! But Oz gets the premier last  All cast back and it's set in fabulous London...yay! http://tiny.cc/7zCnY
So what, all the new Canon SLR's record video now??   New Rebel T1i comes out in May:  12,800 iso, video, 15.5 mpx.... *sigh*
New boss looking agitated again today. Been keeping quiet... heard he's used the sword by his desk on new employees before 
New lost ep is awesome. Don't wanna stop watching and get back to work 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Ithaca - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New Haven - Connecticut
is actually not going to New Castle until the afternoon. Of what to do with myself? haha. Paper it is.  After curves and food!
We are off to New York. Left at about 5:30. This is so depressing.  How's the weather up there?
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New Orleans - Louisiana
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Ithaca - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Buffalo - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New York - New York
Spending this gorgeous day inside at the New Haven Pub. Library..gotta get paid.  Really slow today, everyone must be outside. not me 
New hair but all my pictures look horrible  Xx
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New Orleans - Louisiana
should have been leaving New York City today if only i hadnt fucked things up  miss him
Finally a warm &amp; sunny day! Apartment hunting  Reading New Moon, No clue what to do for fun tonight as usual
I miss New York! 
Needs a New Job  I hate stupid tim hortans!
Greese trucks.. I can't be eating this...  New Brunswick, NJ
Tightened up the chain.. New pedal chain... Broke the cable stop on the rear brake... 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Albany - New York
Bellys asploding.  had fun w/Patti 2nite. New verdict in my life.....&quot;I'm not gonna sit around &amp; wait 4 u anymore&quot; attachments fading...
I desperately want to finish New Moon, but it's stressful  WANT ECLIPSE!
Leaving New York 
New Fame teaser trailer looks like crap.  Nothing will ever compare to the brilliance of the original but prolly will see remake anyway. 
last day in New York 
I'm home and I miss New York already. 
@Klutz315 like all of them??which means you not gonna be much in New Moon?? 
Home now and miserable. New York was amazing! Back to work tomorrow 
New layout!  Sadly no flying tofu, Shanaia. I couldn't work them in.  Blogged @ E.D too. http://ephemeral-days.green-skies.net/
New Week and bad news... 
you are going to get soaked in New York City today... highs in the upper 40s and rain rain rain and some wind.... 
Mom is going of to New York without me  but she's going with her sister so im ok with that! home alone for a little bit
I wish I could watch the Boston Marathon online...but its only playing in New England  Poop
I went to Laos temple for our New Year's celebration.  I had so much fun, ate too much.  Now I'm back to work 
Going to New York on Thursday morning... gonna miss my babys howan this year  (not like he cares or anything but still lol)
@heidimontag I think in New Zealand we're a little bit behind  (in regards to The Hills) but will watch as soon as it airs here!
I want a subscription to New Scientist magazine. Too bad it costs $72 a year. 
doesnt want to leave New York tomorrow 
Off to New Orleans to see my grandmother one last time... 
Oh crap, boss has put New Years Eve staff photos on FB. I'm wearing a skintight jumpsuit. So tight I may as well be naked 
Brilliant sunny day and I'm stuck in doing work  Good news is that loan came today! New trainers and KFC methinks
New broadband gear arrived today. Stabbed my hand opening the box and it hasn't stopped bleeding yet 
New #photos - http://www.flickr.com/rohicks - Sorry for the multiple tweet on this 
Just worked my last night at the Oakland Children's and I'm sad.  That was my 2nd home for 4 years. New hospital tomorrow...woo
@akulbe Can't get that in New Delhi. All the cool tech is in Bangalore 
New Dollhouse episode in my line-up, I can't WAIT! I hope the show won't be cancelled... 
Just had a GREAT GF meal at Gallaghers steakhouse in the New York New York in Las Vegas. Forgot to take a pic for the blog 
@_robin_sharma I wish there was one in New York 
Gettin my buck on in a bit.. New levels but bad knee though.. 
@danecook I really wish I could come tonight! Of course when you're in New Jersey I can't go 
  I miss New Jersey
Currently in New Jersey. Wish I was going to bamboozle 
Talking about MGM is making me miss the New York Film Academy. 
New indie movie coming out about 10 &quot;ordinary&quot; women learning burlesque called &quot;A Wink and a Smile&quot;... Not playing anywhere near DC! 
ATTENTION! Had to drop off the Alkaline Trio show tonight in New Haven, CT @ Toads Place...sorry to all who planned on coming to see us! 
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/4eniz - the California lineup wasn't even half as good as the New Jersey one  but at least i got to s ...
New T-Mobile ad in Trafalgar Square, very disappointing 
was going to go visit New Moon set today but then it started raining 
New kitten jumped right into the toilet tonight......had his first bath.  He HATED it!  Poor little guy 
@ the movies with my boy New York.......lmao yes that's his nick name..... he low key cute but I still miss my baby 
Watching/listening to the live webcast of New Wave City from DNA Lounge in SF. Wish I was there. 
Ooooh looks like the sun is coming out again! New bird feeding station still unvisted though 
@LucasCruikshank i want to go to New York but i live all the way in Singapore. So far. Plus, i have no money. Sad 
New Tankard pics... nice, but none of Gerre 
@nogginblender Will do. New star trek movie coming out next week, I believe. The actors all look too young and buff. 
@emmaclairesmyth aww i'm sure your going to miss them  Good excuse for you to go on another holiday over to New York though 
New computer is not compatible with the download from work that allows me to access their server. I'm so upset. Going IN to work now 
Drivin To New York. (Long Drive) and My phone is dying 
Seven and a half hours of sleep. I dreamt about New York. I really miss it there 
i wish i was in New Jersey 
is reading New Moon. Can't wait to get to the happy part! It's so sad right now. 
Am I the only person who has to work tomorrow?! Still on New York time 
sorry that was a test that went wrong I apologize, disregard last entry of New Blog Post, sorry 
Just finished striking &quot;The Seagull!&quot;  But New Director's Workshop is a mere 4 days!
@marybeth1583 I've never been to New Hampshire 
@girlwithnoname I promise; will keep you apprised. It's been over 4 months (ice-fall injury New Year 's Eve). No improvement. Sad I am 
Another ungodly early morning: driving back into Charlotte to catch a plane back to New York. Stressed  I don't do mornings well.
is supposed to be in New York now...  damn it....
AHHH poowww Jedsi!  I;m not coming to school cause i have a noroligist opointment in New Jerey or something like that.  ?Frankie
New Testament. Bored.  Math class next w/arlenee
New machine ordered this morning. Hats off to Currys, service was excellent which surprised me. Thurs delivery.  
@jen_K  New Vic's = lame. I'll try 'em again for live music, but it's not the same. 
is lovin SNL... and is the only suitemate that stayed in New York today 
New favorite show: Whale Wars. It's so sad to see what whaling industries to do those poor creatures.  STOP WHALING!!!!!
Gettin ready to sleep. @Tifflicious y r u always with chrys? What about nat &amp;nic?!  I miss the whole GLG! New music soon , PLEASE! Haha
New fish couldn't stop excavating the aquarium. Stressed out the other fish too. All 3 swordtails dead on the same day 
is loving the fact that it is sunny in London, and still raining in New York. Glad to be home, but still sad to be gone 
@NobleSamurai New features?  No ...  I now only get no suggestions from the Google Synonym tool error.  I broke MS with another update 
Facebook won`t make me upload!  New album! http://bit.ly/p7Llj
@philarch1 I miss New York 
is in love with a New York Couture dress. but it's 120$ 
is sad that she may not be able to see Daniel Merriweather on 3rd June as thats the day i get back from New York 
@OfficialTL awwhhh bless  Can't wait for New Moon!!  .oxox
Enroute back to New York. I love you Btown 
Wat a gorgeous day 2day, shld b out, but been doing hse wrk  txt my sis in New York 2 wish her Happy Mothers day! X
Adjudicating New Releases at Dance Place... and the first audition was a no-show 
@JimBob30 i would love it! get a bit of a nice tan and stuff!! I was actually supposed to have been in New Jersey last weekend... 
Rain canceled trip to the temples  guess we'll have to try next trip @ New Delhi, India
@KathElizW What did New Jersey ever do to you? 
Listening to the new JB song! Paranoid = a time. New sound for sure, still miss their old sound. Mandy, Year 3000, underdog, etc. 
@dxarchxbarriers I live in upstate New York and he's not coming to NY except the city, which is 6 hours away from my house. 
It's nice to be home, but I'm missing the weather in Pullman - 75 &amp; clear. And Matt is headed back to New Haven in a few hours 
New post: http://twitpic.com/4yo0h - @accidentaldiva See... I had to put mac lustre on over it  ... (http://cli.gs/su6zeG)
@_RobPattinson_ Re New Moon: I wish   I live in Australia, but would give just about anything to attend.
Rough Night.  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/3iw0zA.t
it totes blows that Times New Viking@BellHouse is the same night as KurtVile/BluesControl/Woods @theShank 
@trent_reznor the sunrise and set are some of our greatest assets here in New Mexico. Wish I could get off work to see your show. 
Have to give up my New York Drivers license.   http://twitpic.com/55frr
cant believe we have to wait til Nov 09 for New Moon! Sadness! 
New modem arrived. Thank goodness. I felt so disconnected 
@MitchBenn New rule is stupid. Found half the people I follow from replies 
I miss New York. And Texas. 
New York City said &quot;cat got your tongue?&quot; among squealing Arizona! 
Continually screwed by the TV: we can't catch New York Undercover. Is there ANY reason to leave the TV  on at this point? 
Is terribly sick with a cold from New Zealand 
5am. New Orleans. - Forgot that toothpaste was too big to carry on. TSA threw away my toothpaste.  http://tumblr.com/x681svqhp
New York bound without coffee.... American airlines is a pain when you have three bags 
@s0nerdy Graphics resit  New plan: I'll get a regular ice pole and cover it in WKD - same taste!
New baby elephant born at Antwerp zoo...and I missed it 
I have to leave New Orleans 
Stressed out the game my range rover  lookin bad right now!!   I need a vacation biig time I thiink miami..... New york!!!! Harlem maybe
Good Bye New York!  NYC was amazing!
@PIGEH I saw it as an improvement, I hated the book as well. The New Moon movie will also be crap. And I have to cosplay when seing it 
New Primeval episode rocked last night!!!  Although it's strange not seeing Stephen 
Still in bed watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey for the 15th time. Lol. Back still hurts and the pain just keeps coming 
Why is it so cold! I was just Delaware yesterday and it was beautiful!  Boo New York!
The New Firefox logo looks like the fox has a fish tail. I don't like it.  http://bit.ly/mfFoS
http://twitpic.com/5di6e - New Stitch show at MK 
Procrastinating by looking through pictures from New York...I so want to be back there 
Going to say bye to Dave he's headed back to New zeland tmw. 
New record, i drove 180 miles in a weekend, and didnt go more than 20 miles from home, SAD   Back to work too, more sad.
@samuraikitten i live too far away from most of my friends.  *pouts* you can has New Kirk and i can has New Spock, Y/Y?  
On our way to the airport... then to New York. 
I am exhausted, going to relax and watch some tv.  Still can not believe I missed the New Kids cruise  
???  Vegas? New York? Hawaii? Niagra Falls? Boston? Carribean? Italy?  where to on my next trip... that I can afford..lol  ???
I wanna be a real housewife of New Jersey 
New passport has just come through  Dont like the photo though, not got my glasses on to hide bags under my eyes, I look really bad 
New multi-million pound offices feels more like an office and less like a student dig... Bummer 
found out i cant go to New Zealand this year after all, as that i the only time i can go and i am in a wedding at the same time 
http://is.gd/AYHz New post, Retirees  - early Eve Lawrence shoot
On the way to lga... Don't want to leave New York 
Extra bored! New to this. Have no idea what I'm doing. It already looks boring as I don't know what. 
is leaving New Jersey!!! 
New issue of Deep just came in the letterbox. Can't do any work now. Simultaneous  &amp; 
Really not liking the &quot;New Twitter&quot;  think it's not what it started out to be ~
Rainy, cold day here in New Bern, NC! 
@AshleyLTMSYF @pcdmelodyt @KimberlyDoll @JessicaPinup How come you didn't perform with back-up dancers in New Zealand? 
3:00 AM and sudden urge for potato latkes. New electric mandolin, smallest gratter and lard instead of smaltz (don't have any  ). YUMMY!
New boss cracked down on all non-work internet usage in the office, which means no Twitter during the day for me. 
@janeboston I am  is why I moved to New York. It's the oak trees.
@davidchoimusic I know!  Sorry, lol.  New York is my home state so  and .  Hope you enjoy NYC.
@spacecowboytrax whens your album out? cant wait to hear it. and why didnt you come to New Zealand with Gaga? 
I miss living in New Zealand. It seems like nobody likes dogs in Estonia 
Yes, yes, YES!!! Still in New York and just received my pay check &amp; holiday pay! Too bad it's our last day 
New post:  grrr my twitter doesn't work with my celphone, I dw WHY!!  but my brother's twi... (http://cli.gs/6b4mDb)
Well this just sucks, New VCU manager and the drafts we are reviewing are from late 2008 which means we are almost done 
Sob story: We didn't go to New York this year.  It's just not. the. same. :|
Leaving New York tonight... 
New series of Haruhi Suzumiya started today! Subbed already, of course. And I can't watch it till Monday. 
@JoeAugustin bot the New Paper... but didnt see u and shareen leh... 
on my third cup of New Orleans blend Community Coffee, man I miss my home  Anyway 3 day weekend this week &amp; new next week for Pioneer Day!
everytime i go to check weather.com i keep putting in New Rochelle instead of Albany 
No New Orleans trip this weekend 
@knoodlePRgrl It's ok...I've been twittering about the Real Housewives of New Jersey all night.  I guess I don't have a life either 
I got a f@*kin virus that even malwarebytes can't get rid of. Have to reformat my PC.  New blogs on hold.
@Maggotron bush fires=scary  I use to get scared living in New Norfolk. Twas scary seeing ash floating into the yard...
wow. ima get to these replys is a sec but boi o boi is this &quot;Brand New&quot; hittin home right ab now. sheeeesh drizzy  what a tangled web...
wow. ima get to these replys in a sec but boi o boi is this &quot;Brand New&quot; hittin home right ab now. sheeeesh drizzy  what a tangled web...
Back from the 'quatch, rock'n'roll don't stop...@ New York Dolls at Berbati's, and man, it looks like a local band is playing 
set up her room today with a 36&quot;x24&quot; New York city poster!! HOMESICK 
@AyoMillions lol thanks. Who is from New Orleans? I never been-wish I would have before Katrina 
http://twitpic.com/65vpf - Tonight's outfit. New shoes! Pretty but kinda hurt. 
I'm so sleepy but so ready for leaving for New Orleans tomorrow! I'm gonna miss all my friends though  ill be tweeting all morning tomorro
@jackcheng I miss you.  Come back to New York haha!
Can I just say that I would totally give anything to be in Italy.  Not only is it beautiful there, but New Moon is being filmed there too 
@theREALbbdish I miss Renny!  Do you know how she has been? I am from the New Orleans too so I was rooting for her from the begining!
Home from New York =O I fail at Twitter so hard. 
New work wellness challenge not going well.  I committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  Failed on first day.  Twice 
New blog post: [Blog] auto insuran...: I just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( I am too careless  ...) .. Meanw ...
I want it to be Wednesday already so I can hurry up and go to New Zealand so I'm busy and not sitting here bored and stressing 
I'm thirsty in the middle of the night and get to the fridge only to find my Brand New bottle of Cran-Cherry juice gone....  FML moment!!
@sassisam agh mine just left for New York last month!! 
My friend went to New York without me and all I got was this picture of her and Will Smith  http://twitpic.com/669l2
Barnsley To Keep Davey   And Sign A New Experienced Striker.
Finishiing up the Training Exercise in New mexico..  Not looking forward to the 19 hour bus ride home this weekend. 
@jenna218 I'm there! So, no New York for me! 
I have to wait until I get home to watch the New Moon trailer clip. Stupid work Internet access restrictions 
@marginatasnaily @Brandystrippers New Look were sold out and thres a nice one in george and in topshop-also sold out!!  xx
@markhoppus Is there going to be a New-Brunswick, Canada Drive? lol I live far far away 
New York from 1500ft looks rather good. Last night in the Big Apple. 
@Santiaggo that New Yorker cover was done on a iPhone &amp; I'm jealous that I do not have one!  http://myloc.me/21a4
@lorrieb5 did you see the 15 sec clip of the New Moon trailer?? its up on ETonline.com ...check it out. its a big tease, though 
@RedFieldWines @shakeNbake Bit of New Scientist, this weeks an last weeks, and Watership Down 
wants New Moon.  AHH Im going crazy.
@rubyred2112 Sorry - Brand New beats Cage in my heart.  
what  lovely day in Perth City. I am off soon to Test Drive the New Mini D. I know it will not compare to my old 73 Clubman mini 
Fun time at BookExpo America.  Too bad I'm now stuck in the airport and may be in New York another night! 
Just watched the New Moon teaser. Ouch, I hope Kristen doesn't sound as bad through the whole movie as she did in that. VERY deadpan 
That New Moon thing in ET was pretty much shitty!!!!!! 
Stuck in the back at the New Bev 
Fantastic: Health insurance canceled because bill got sent to wrong address while I was in New York. 
I'm going to miss the Trailer premiere of New Moon!!!! *cries and screams* Hug me 
@SuperDunner he tapes in New York, sry no extra tix 
New blog entry up, but I'm still waiting on Facebook to cooperate when it comes to pictures...  http://travelingwithbeth.blogspot.com/
Long night, a nice relaxing day tomorrow, sleeping in, getting a Dunks iced coffee, and spending the day fishing. New rod cuz mine broke 
@BeckyBuckwild I'm a New Yorker and was a kid when the Etan Patz case happened. So it is a name I will never forget. So horrible. 
New blog post: Schoolhouse Blues!!  http://bit.ly/BWHL1
New York, the city that never sleeps...Especially outside this F****** hotel window!!! 
Just waved my sister &amp; the little ones off to New Zealand. Forever. Weird. And unbearably sad 
To all the D-Tweeps... I was meeting up with pals from New Jersey. I missed out on the 'suga dance party  work for me today, so g'night
Just bought two tickets to New Zealand, but typed in the wifes maiden name by accident! That'll cost me 
Prague is going to be the New Paris! enjoying my last day . Sad smiley 
Reading &quot;New Moon&quot; by Stephanie Myers and realizing I'm not a teenager anymore. 
I can't believe filming is finished for New Moon  Now we wait until August for Eclipse to begin then New Moon the movie comes out in Nov
actually I wanted to go the New Orleans Festival ... but it seems like it's goin to rain soon 
New phone finally! Six days left in Michigan. 
@CheshireK New Zealand is the FIRST nation to see the dawn of a new day, so, its not Caturday anymore here, its SUNday (only no sun!  )
New York today.. but I won't be seeing Mitchel 
@xMoonyx New York, the city that never sleeps...Especially outside this F****** hotel window!!! 
On the road back to New Castle, Pa., to drop off my baby Jenny 
NYC is great.. too bad its back to Oklahoma tomorrow...  New York.. I'm HERE!!!
New short summer socks ?, T-shirt that says 'Go Bananas' ?, new shoulder bag ?, other bits ?, hoodie 
This time last year I was watching the #Super14 #rugby final in New Plymouth in New Zealand...I really miss NZ 
just really woke up &amp; is sore all over.  What to do today? New book just came! Oh, and dishes. 
New polaroids from Henzo Hulle. http://bit.ly/15ykhk NO PACK! 
Singing a Whole New World and now he came in too early 
http://twitpic.com/69xsh - New Problem 
Got a crappy score yesterday  oh well,  Its a nice day in western New York but I too would rather be somewhere else Eric Jones
Getting lunch in New Orleans. Wishing @JaclynFritz was with me. 
wants to be in New York. 
New car + fresh wash = Bird shit target 
Dear Leader drops charges against New Black Panthers. Guess racism is okay as long as it's the right kind 
So bored...I am watching I Love The New Millenium on VH1! 
New Blog up! I missed blogging the last two days!  http://dietgirlmel.blogspot.com/
Annnnnd home. Bit browner and wishing I could have gone and lounged about in Central Park today. I miss New York 
is saying goodbye to New Orleans 
New on Twitter. I think I know how to upload a profile picture but it doesn't work 
is reluctantly watching VH1's I Love The New Millenium(since there is nothing on TV right now     ).
misses New Orleans!!!! And I was only there for 12 hours. 
My New Moon background wnt show  and my Miley display pic wnt work 
Im just dying here waiting 4 New Moon to comme out ! 
Cadillac said &quot;Rome wasn't built in a day&quot; per magical New Orleans! 
Saturday evening in New York, and I'm working in the lobby of the Sheraton. I should probably face facts: I'm a workaholic 
My last Saturday in New Mexico for a long time 
@CameronCollie me and my alcoholic mind thought u were having lunch at New Farm with Stella the beer before i clicked that link..  *SIGH*
New jam: If We Were A Movie. 
Husband's friend was supposed to pick him up to watch hockey. Game started over 4 hours ago. New girlfriends make guy friends unreliable 
just watched the first released scene of New Moon!...too bad it is only 15 seconds 
wants to sleep, watching The View (Old ones on my DVR) GAYY. New day tomorrow. Cant wait for Georgia!! Arrested last night   So overrated
I have the urge to watch Twilight...but I'm craving New Moon 
London is so rainy today  It's rainy everyday. I wish I lived in New York or something...
I just lost at iPhone scrabble  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/1uObGw.t
Way to show some class, LeBron. Wow, playoffs! Probably hightailed his ass all the way to New York. 
Pissed at AMC! They sold us tickets to a sold out show at 1130pm! No three D for us  just regular D W/ Mr. New Castle! Grrr
fantasy purchase: New X-Men Omnibus. too bad its selling for $200 
@alexbradly But I got sad cuz they didn't say there were any sexi and beatiful girls in New Zealand  Do you want your present on tuesday?
So I've been reading New Moon- Jacob is a lot cuter in my mind's eye than the pic of the actor that I saw. 
?? iphone ???, ????????? ringtones.  New Text Message ? ringtone ?????? 
Twitter really is losing it's &quot;New Car Smell&quot; 
Just said goodbye 2 my better half  She will be greatly missed, but I know she will do great in the NY! @aplusperiod New York is not ready
@blu_turquoise Real Housewives of New Jersey isnt on youtube!!!  
@iwilseeuinh3ll Oooh. The movie is pretty awful. The books are good tho... Makes me wonder if New Moon will b th same. 
I want my New York Football Giants. Sundays just aren't the same w/o them 
Going to watch Angels and Demons, 1915hrs at Glitz Cinema, New Friends colony, New Delhi. Seats: 3rd row from the front  With @bineshkutty
Last day of vacation  driving to New York and flying home.
I cant watch the MTV movie awards tonight b/c I have work tomorrow  the awards starts at 3 or 4 AM here. I wanna see the New Moon trailer!
New digs! Now off to clean up the old ones 
Dance Tour is Full and we can't go in  now for diner and sun to Rotterdam @ Hotel New York
New York City Bound  someone this flight forgot to shower ugh they funkin up the whole plane
got bak from my traveles to the states. New York was amazing sad to leave, met alot of great people that i will miss. 
Still in New York! Leaving today 
Finally arrived in Montreal, feels so good to be back...i already miss New Zealand a lot though 
I really wanted 2 go to the New Moon set, but i diddn't get in 
I really wanted 2 go 2 the New Moon set... 
OK, so I haven't found anything new about the New Moon trailer premiere...... 
Connecticut is close to New York    #cgft
New Moon will probably disapoint me more than Twilight did 
Trying to read Twilight New Moon but my brother is making me mad in carrrr  lol
Have found a viable reason besides the pollution and the taxes to leave New York someday: the poor quality of the NYPD 
ready to see the trailer for New Moon!!!!!!!!! but i gotta work  thank god for the internet!
I'll be working  then running home and watching it online and screaming. New Moon isn't even my favorite but I'm looking forward to it.
NOOOOOO!!!!! I can't view the MTV movie awards online or the preview for the New Moon trailer, it won't play in my region (AKA Canada) 
@JasperWhitlock  I will be so sad if he is not included. You are right. If not for Jasper New Moon would not have unfolded! *smiles*
@michael_sargent Could u pls score me some beach plum jam?  Haven't had it since I left New England.  
I am SOOOO excited about the New Moon trailer! But I have to wait until tomorrow to see it  It'll be too late here...
ahhhhhhhh New Moon trailer tonight and I can't even watch it  guess i'll have to watch it on the internet tomoz
I am really sad that the New York performances of @taylorswift13 are sold out. You can't deny that girl is talented, smart &amp; adorable 
Leaving New York 
Bye bye New Jersey 
No MTV Awards for me  that means No New Moon trailer until later! I am choosing to have a life and go out and play videos games lol!
Space Elevator destroyed! http://bit.ly/zW0LA  It seems that even in the future they still say New-kew-lur 
Can't wait for the &quot;New Moon&quot; trailer. Packing up all my things.  Tomorrow moving to another lot.
no MTV movie awards here 'til tomorrow night means no New Moon trailer 
wish i could see the New Moon trailor 
@riotsqurrl The Driller Killer is fun too, pure camp/dementia, but nothing tops King of New York. After that it was all downhill 
New Brio toys in, last of the last 
Can't upload his New Album for some reason. 
I wanna see the New Moon's trailer NOOOOOW! &gt;.&lt; But I have to go to sleep... 
Can't wait to see the New Moon trailer. It's gonna be SO damn amazing. But sadly I haven't MTV (and I live in Denmark). 
:flame:No Thanks to you here  Its funny how the same people get picked ,sure they toss in a few new people to make it look good ,New p ...
Chezy and Katie on their way back to New Castle  Back to regularly scheduled programming.
Sister's birthday today..&amp; she's in New York. I misss her 
I hate 3 hours shifts. Waste of time. New fun game though, grab my homophobic coworkers hips and hold on as long as I can! I miss Kristin 
I'm so bugged for New Moon with out the Cullens  But Jacob looks hot with short hair so I guess it's all good
All the lucky people in the US get to see the New Moon trailer in a mere few minutes. I, like the rest of the world, shall have to wait 
New day, new week. Better go to uni soon before I waste anymore of precious time spent NOT studying 
is hating not having cable - gonna miss VMA's and seeing New Moon trailer. 
::::So now i have to wait around til after for uploaded vids to see Rob &amp; the New Moon tease  FRIG! me = NO patience lol
Pollens are flying around New York like its snow... My allergies are killing me.  What shall I do?
@my3boybarians  I did NOT know the New Moon trailer was airing tonight!  Too bad I don't have cable   Wonder if it'll be online??
New Glee episode on September 23rd  Way too long of a wait.
oh Im scared for New Moon...hated twilight...i really dont want to hate the whole movie series 
Just saw the Kaleb Nation book signing thingy on his News page.... Darn.  Regretting not being in New York now.  
i wish i had mtv , so i could watch the New Moon trailer   is there anyway to watch it online? D:
Fuck! New job wants me to train tonight.... and I was supposed to go out/ relax tonight 
@MissyKesson June 4th. New York. I doesn't look like I'm going to be able to go because of work.  You going to Glastonbury Festival?
I bet their going to show the New Moon preview right before the show ends 
So it looks like the acting in New Moon takes one big step backwards 
Wow, I'm kinda disappointed in the New Moon preview 
@KitKatKaylee hey sister...(thats my white 1/2 speakin to you) cuz im gonna see New Moon too 
                   I missed the New Moon trailer...
I want New Moon to come out now 
Just saw New Moon clip! Holy crap! Nov 20th is so far away 
That made me want to watch New Moon even more ahhh. But the wolves look so fake 
3. The REAL New Moon Trailer = Awesomeness!!!!! I can't wait till it comes out. Too bad it's not till fall 
is not sure she can wait until November for New Moon. but I guess I will have to 
@kristenstewart9 GREAT TRAILER!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wasn't sure how Taylor would do but he was great! I'm gonna cry when I go to see New Moon! 
Anyone see the New Moon trailer??? Recap please?? Traveling on highway, no video here. 
Just seen the trailer for New Moon, AMAZING, so cant wait, nearly cried 
Found a fountain pen, to replace a disposable one I had been using, Weakness for writing instruments, pencil and ink New has a medium tip 
I am now even more impatient to watch New Moon!! November is so far away 
a little disappointed with the New Moon trailer 
Shower replaced  New Broadband fitted  Moby broadband still not working  Broadband speed cr&amp;p 
New Entry, Brian Sortor  High Desert Crossfit : Oregon Games Final WOD Missed twice at 29 
a lil dissapointed w/the way the warewolfs look in New Moon 
just 14 seconds teaser from New Moon.  http://tinyurl.com/mq8uj3
Where can I find the New Moon trailer? 
Just read 252 pages of &quot;New Moon&quot; in a matter of 3 hours! ahhh! I dont wanna put it down but I have to get up for work in 5 hours 
Maths exam this morning  But WOW just seen trailer for New Moon and I cant wait for November XD
watchin New Moon trailer. Then after this, will be eating late lunch..it was unfortunate i woke up early today 
Had to watch the New Moon trailer again.. How am I going to make it through the next 4 months 
Just watched the official New Moon Trailer. It wasnt as good as i though it would be. They didn't show any Italy. 
is cursing the stupid work computer for not leting her watch the New Moon trailer... will have to wait until I get home! 
Brenda! I need my flashdrivee   oh yah ps. Its abby! *New number (:
Reading Huxley's Brave New World... Should be doing English, Ancient and Math Revision.... 
The New Moon trailer reminds me of something.... I totally believe though, that I cant watch it the same time I've watched like the !st. 
Almost feeling well rested for a change.  Wonder what other changes I can make today. New (to me) jacket smells like cigs. I don't smoke. 
wants to see the New Terminator, but it isn't out here yet 
Not looking forward to my comms exam today  loving the New Moon Trailer! Cant wait for the film  x
New blackberry is here and its lovely and not at all soggy. Shame the trackball is buggered! Another one will be here tomorrow 
5 months until New Moon... are you kidding me?! How am i supposed to wait that LONGGGGGG??  x
Watching the New Moon trailer. I dont wanna wait till November 
Really really want to see New Moon now after that trailer  And really want to read it but stupid @lanayellow still has it 
Am I the only one who is not excited about New Moon! I really dont see the fanscination with it!! 
New Moon's comes out on november!  Come fast already/.
@dannymcfly omg,ily so much. Do you think you'd ever come to New Zealand? It sucks coz none of your albums are released here.  plz reply.
New Campaign on Adgator - Outsurance - http://gatorurl.com/n48yc6 --&gt;I'm in the wrong damn vertical 
@Alicia_AH Ya' i'm ok, thanks! &lt;3 i'm better after seeing the New Moon trailer. I don't know if I can wait till the end of the fall. 
New blog post: Sorry, no ebay listing of the day today  http://herecomesthestork.com/blog/?p=36
Perhaps New Haven Advocate thing was a sting http://is.gd/LpSZ 
more break-ins over the weekend at New England House in #brighton 
watched the trailer for Twilight: New Moon.  LOVED IT!!!!  Y does Nov. has to be so far away 
Concerned about no real positive freedom of speech for the shrinking indigenous peoples of Britain under New Labour 
more break-ins over the weekend at New England House in #brighton  http://tinyurl.com/lqlb7m
New Post and lots of sulking    http://tinyurl.com/nlnx27
@cpfcrox I accidentally watched the New Moon Trailer because of you. I now have to scrub my eyes out. 
Good morning New Mexico, I'm very sorry to be leaving your bed 
I hope they don't ruin Bella &amp; Jacob's relationship. New Moon is my favourite 
I'm sorry but the New Moon trailer is so crap. They're all really bad actors IMO  it just sounds so dead compared to the books, for me...
im gnna help with the trending topics and say New Moon trailer was bloody awesome  novembers so long away 
surgery went pretty well. still sore.  Cant wait to see New Moon! the first sneak peak was awesome!!!
Both Obama and I were in New York City this weekend - i didn't see him though ... No sightings of Prince Harry either. 
November 20th,New Moon...it's so far away 
PS: Loved the New Moon Trailer... wished it was longer 
I saw the New Moon Trailer/Preview a few hours and minutes ago! It was great! I can't wait to watch New Moon this year!  
Trailler de New Moon: http://bit.ly/W8wtn  Achei fraquinho 
is attempting to gear up for the New Seasons Conference starting this Friday. I don't feel good though.  Blech.
i wanna see New Moon now.... hurry up november  x
@smokinace88 LOL I hear it helps. Oh &amp; yes on New Moon. Hated that she found out about Jake the way she did. 
Watching: &quot;StephenieMeyer.com | Twilight Series | New Moon | The Movie trailer&quot; Ainda falta tanto tempo  ( http://bit.ly/16u2Xq  )
@DonLuiG What sucks is waiting for an EA password  evry1 be happy I downgrade. New leak will B out the next day lol
Is a tad bit disappointed with the New Moon trailer. 
Awesome weather! Watched the New Moon trailer, totally cannot wait for November! English exam tomorrow 
Ready for take off. Good bye New York 
I'm very hyper, should probably go revise, but I'm too hyper! That's what I get from repetivly watching the New Moon trailer!  Stupid me!
@deedz you're rite, i should! i'll see if i can fix it later. i gotta stuuuudyyyyyyy  buuuuuuuuuuuuuu! have you seen the New Moon trailer?
I'm disappointed in the New Moon trailer..... 
clearly you need vision to watch the New Moon Trailler.  hope the movie is much more audible than this. lol
@dany_5hn Ahhh.. right now i wanna watch New Moon. But it's on 20 November.  I cant wait to watch it! AHHHHH! :S
@ameliaroses That New Moon trailer was slightly worth more than the last 15 seconds, lol.. but I'm bummed over art, so no good! 
Excited to see the new trailor for New Moon, but sad that I can already tell it doesn't go by the book well.  
Omg New Moon movie trailer! Jacob looks like a fluffy dog you would want as a pet  &lt;I'm made of Wax&gt;
ugh I feel a serious migraine coming on  Going to watch the New Moon Trailer again...then off to nurse this migraine!
@GrahamColton Im so bummed I cant see you in San Fran tonight because I'm stuck in New Jersey  any east coast touring coming up?
how am i supposed to see @sashagrey 's the girlfriend experience if the closest theater playing it is in New Orleans?! 
is sick of all these freakin flies!! And i wanna watch the New Moon trailer but youtube wont work on  my phone 
is trying to watch the New Moon trailer but it is taking ages to load 
wishes I cud go2 New York nxt weekend 
I watched New Moon trailer and I didn`t like. 
#1 reason why I wouldn't like the New Moon trailer - Laurent obviously doesn't confront Bella in &quot;Edward's Meadow&quot; 
This Muse tour is impossible for me to go on  Right before New Zealand!!
Gahhh I have to see the New Moon trailer.  I missed it last night  
just watched the trailer for New Moon. from the little bit that it showed, it's already far from the book 
just delving into New Moon and must put it away for a dr. appt. boooooo 
I want New Moon to come out soon and not in November 
@cocoandbreezy Ima Be in New York June 9th till july 2nd  then ima be in La. where u guys from?
New Moon trailer is ze pretty! Now I just wish I wasn't deployed and could easily see it in November! 
Morgans gone so I can't call anyone and talk and talk and talk about the New Moon trailor. I'll call myself 
Does anyone else thinks that the wolf effect in the New Moon Trailer was bad? 
At home, pretty much doing nothing. I kinda wanna read some more twilight. What I really want to do is watch all of New Moon. 
Just landed in New York np time to sight see 
Watched New Moon trailer. I think they'll screw it up, but'll be better than the first. Bummed that NONE of the Volturi were in trailer. 
Microsoft Launches New Search Engine - being marketed in New Jersey as &quot;Bada-bing!&quot;&gt; I  thought more people would pick up on that! 
Goodbye New York City  Now driving to the airport.. I will be seeing you very very soon.. I promise 
Goodbye New York City!   http://twitpic.com/6ffux
Reading third book in Twilight trilogy. Read New Moon in 3 days on hols. Its taking a little longer with this as im not sat on a beach 
HOLY CRAP Left 4 Dead 2 set here in New Orleans! http://bit.ly/2IXjp  But I think it's XBOX only.  #L4D
the New Moon Trailer was faulty lies 
My O.J. pic. If you don't read my blogs  here's a pic I took of O.J. hitting on my friend, Teri, New Year's '87  http://twitpic.com/6fifh
Looking For a New Phone!  I broke MIne! 
@wired #magazinemonday Tuesday in AU. I subscribe to Wired, Seed, New Scientist and Esquire (I'd love to subscribe to more but no time  )
I have watched the New Moon trailer 6566 x. I don't wanna do ancient civ!  @peacelovecasey I don't understand how you enjoyed this course!
Is so ready for New Noon to come out ..... Ugh ....its so far away 
@Bass_ Er...not really. New avatar - within size limits, but not showing yet 
No more public hols until end of Oct  Book your own - explore Papua New Guinea with today's Happy Hour Fares: http://bit.ly/IJEzx
Just saw the official trailer for New Moon, kinda disappointed. Not how I expected the wolves to look like...  
I hate to say it but, there will be no FREE LMJKAP Mixtape release today. I am so sorry. Technical difficulties. New date to be decided. 
@NinasFeet - I don't want unfollow you!  I met you at the New Haven DC concert. I was 4th in line. We talked you showed me wolf.. I like u
That bit in the New Moon trailer where werewolfkid turns into a foxy-looking wolf is kinda hilarious and very cheesy 
Honestly..am I the only one who is going insane because I have to wait till November to see New Moon? I can't wait 6 months 
Photo: New Fruit http://tinyurl.com/l5kpu7 ...and yes... that's the strapless dress that's urked me all day 
New GM Ad, &quot;ReInvention.&quot; Not impressed; expensive ad company + ad buy = U spent our $ on this  http://bit.ly/MePlK
She doesn't have powers   New hard drive needed and I never back anything up. Fuuuuuuck. This blows! 
Ready for New York, but I'm gonna miss my bear 
I killed our computer  dammit. No Internet! At least we got our sidekicks! I'm such a jinx. Maybe that's why she loves me.. Lol. New c ...
@RAWRitzMich3lle me too, but he is gonna look better in New Moon, and he wont show anyone else his abs 
*sigh, I want to go to New York 
Need my PC fixed Asap! New ideas for the blog and im itching to start! 
is wondering why I cannot stop watching this clip of New Moon!! The movie is done why oh why do I have to wait until November 
173 days until New Moon   
stoked for New moon sadly they're teasing me like half a year in advance  lol!  going to bed Psych and History tomorrow
Aw, New Moon looks so bad  Can't wait to see Michael Sheen in it, though!
mmm...see last night the New Moon trailer...and i imagine everything diferent is gonna be kind disapointed 
@Zero_Star I just bought a book New Encyclopedia of Modern Bodybuilding. Not for me though 
@mitchelmusso It suxz you cant get ur album in New Zealand... 
@Losangelas  It is late.. here and in New York. I will be calling you tomorrow about this. I love you
@jesshulik how about I just watched it too! I loved the first one. Thought it was a great movie! New moon is a long way away though. 
@nanettodxt can't wait till November to watch New Moon 
@KrisAllenmusic yeah! New Moon is gonna be good, and awww, i got unfollowed 
#New Moon Too bad we don't get to see Jacob as a pedophile for another two movies 
delaying unpacking by watching New Moon trailer over and over again. my brother is fine but my car isnt  taking to body shop tom... boo
@thesims3 Hah New Zealand has to wait three more days. 
I wish my boyfriend didn't have to go to New Zealand tomorrow 
watching Twilight. I can't wait for New Moon. why is November so far away? 
Been playing Left 4 Dead 2, The Parish campaign: daylight New Orleans, kicks ass. Axe, frying pan, incendiary ammo, no chainsaw yet 
Damn. Most good things are coming out later this year like New Moon and L4D 2 
So now that the New Moon filming is done and whatnot - means theres gunna be bugger all news till Eclipse starts filming?  noo i need news
i think im going to cry while watching the New Moon trailer. 
New bike arrived today! Slight ding on the side 
New Image on my laptop... I've lost wirelessconnection to HVA 
As u can obviously tell, HOME did not release today...  sooo...New Video update will be up on myspace, facebook, twitter this afternoon...
The Beatles said &quot;almost finished&quot; with New Orleans! 
New Zealand Natural is close  I totally want a chocholate mint ice cream now.
commin back to L.A the fun is all over will miss New York 
So excited about New Moon!!! Only 5 more months until it comes out in Australia 
At the DMV.   I have to give up my New York license.   Saddd.
New scales say I'm 28.3% Body Fat!!! 
watching CSI New York Season Finale again...... i really miss Angell... 
@sheilamac1 New Zealand if i'm not mistaken. a bit too far for me 
@mauhra its supposed to rain here the next week   But we need it.  New jobs great.  Crazy old people, very interesting LOL
New website worked great on the Mac at home. On the PC at work?... sheesh  http://twurl.nl/5hvss3
New resident evil: Nice. &quot;Dead Space: Extraction&quot; - looks kinda meh. Wii graphics. 
@mscrissy New Jersey???? as Whitney Houston  how is New Jersey?
What happened to the New Kid fan who passed away? 
@spacejesus New York City. Not uk yet. 
Andy's sushi- check. New Pens t-shirt -check. Now I have to get ready for work 
Back in New Mexico sadly 
New Tattoos are a tad painful  BOO (N)
I want to stay at my parents and finish watching &quot;New York goes to work.&quot; 
Sitting in New Bern Walmart p-lot  waiting for tow truck.  Kamile's transmission is gone 
New blog post http://www.drawingfreak.com FINALLY finished the recent freelance gig I have been working on, woot! Well mostly 
I AM FREEZING!! lol but i may have got a 2nd job!! woo! But this might mean i can't go to New Mexico with sean 
Comeing out at 11pm  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/uTAfnw.t
@aj_is_now  That's too bad. Maybe I'll hold off, only on New Moon, got them all but always seem to be reading too many books at once!
November 20 is so far away. i wanna see New Moon nowww. 
Note to self: Read toothbrush instructions before trying to change the battery. New electric toothbrush reduced to regular toothbrush now 
is wanting to read more New Moon but cant cause im at work 
Reminds me of AI: Artificial Intelligence, when they went to New York in the future and it was flooded. Aww that movie was sad 
just finished sending @CatherinePowell New Again- took long since my internet kept going out  going to sleep, need to wake up early.
R/C Helicopter + great height + out of signal range + asphalt road = a very, very smashed heli. New parts are going to take a week! 
Just finished 2.5 hours of core/yoga &amp; spin. New bikes in spin, will take some getting used to. Still can't touch my toes. 
sims 3 doesnt come out in New Zealand until the 5th of june BOO 
@davidchoimusic awww, I'm sorry, get better soon David!  and good luck with the show in New York! Unfortunately I cannot be there 
I am missing New Orleans... 
http://twitpic.com/6io3t - New kitty. Hard to train. She doesn't even know how to use a litter box. 
I missed Real Housewives of New Jersey tonight and forgot to record the season finale of Law &amp; Order: SVU. Darn maaan. 
@positivekoral i want to go to chicago to see them, while im visiting LA from New zealand but dont know if i can afford 
New BE router arrived.  Thomson 585v7 router.  A step up from the previous one supplied by Be, which is good.  Still Thomson tho 
At New Cumnock for lunch, I have just fallen of my bike  Raised edge on the side of the road going into a layby...
History exam was great haha.. New everything for a change.. Ran otta time tho  but ooh well
Dragging this morning, didn't sleep well, have to work today too  Hope it's cooler today, been too hot for me. New rep sign up at 2pm, YAY
@sarahdibby well, my dad works in New Zealand. He's far away from here.  but, hopefully we could be w/ him this year or probably the next.
@tommcfly How are you? Come to New Zealand, please! iLoveYou too much. I've sent so many messages hoping you would reply  x
when the heck is New Moon coming out I'm dyinggggggg 
New iPod just arrived! Crap i miss my old one 
Aww, I broke my letter opener from New Zealand. 
New episode of Grey's Anatomy in September that is to long for me to wait  Damn that sucks. Cry cry xD
@yelyahwilliams Paramore say no to The Twilight Saga: New Moon soundtrack. 
New York- 10:54    Alabama-9:54   California-6:54, Just random times! Lol Goinb to a funeral today at 3:00p.m. It is goin to be very sad! 
Inside joke... since New Moon is coming to theaters on Thanksgiving. I don't have enough twitter friends that are Twilight fans 
work 3-6 then packing for New York.  excited to go...not excited to say bye to my sissy  
I Need New Books BADLY! 
Construction going on at the house.  New WIndows being put in.  Flashbacks of FRSTeam are happening.  Not good.  All ready need alcohol. 
@DonnieWahlberg crap!! I am in Rainy New York!!! 
this rain is seriously depressing me.. reading the book New Moon is definitely not helping as well 
Wah? 12 New texts!?? I'm sooo loved!! Just kidding-all of wilson's tweets...*disapointment* 
Considering my fondness for German New Wave music, I'm embarrassed to say my command of the language itself is quite shockingly bad. 
Our flight is delayed 2 hours  it looks like we'll miss the wake on account of bad flying weather in Philly/New Jersey/New York.
http://twitpic.com/6ovl2 - New tattoo! Oh poo...I wanted mustard 
@diannaLenny rainy day in New York too 
New Music Friday ! Lol man i dont get excited no more new music every day! Re tagging my music to upload to serato! Thats a lot of fun 
Its not much better in New York!  @hustlepearl
Mr Indigo having a great time in New Orleans............ so why am I still at home! 
That boring  I need to see New Moon but can not until November! 
@filmnoirgirl My tomorrow currently remains relatively benign. New couches being delivered and Terminator 4 remain the dull highlights. 
New post: not customized with twitter  (http://cli.gs/QX2Ss0)
@Holliday10 New brakes for my car. 
im having withdrawl symptoms with New York 
Wish I was in New York right about now 
Studying contracts and listening to Stairway to Heaven.  Stairway always makes me think of my week in New Zealand 
I know where Donnogle is!! If only I could get there first... but alas I am in New Plymouth!! 
SAT in the morning  , but traveling to New York City , then Rome for the week !
New Heels fail. Should have brought flip flops. 
Im a little behind...missed the MTV movie awards so I missed the New Moon preview   **Lo**
Off to finish New Moon...boys in books are better than real ones...even the vampires 
Gonna put in on some reading time  about half way through New Moon, Edwardddd where are youuuu??? 
@MonstarPR I wanted to go but didn't want to take off work early to get to the New Bev. 
Taking the kids to New Orleans tomorrow and have one more night here with them! 
@saltyshutter can't get much worse than it is right now - torrential rain in New Brighton. I've got to walk to the gym in this 
New Blink-182 album 0n h0ld til after t0ur @ least...  HOLLYWOOD
whywhywhy do Rookie Of The Year not come to England  someone send them lots of money so I can see them...
@ohhlalara She's leaving me and going off to New York for a few months. 
Exceitement on New Oxford St - Hawk being harnagued by crows. No camera alas 
Kawasaki asplode. New motor time. 
is heading off from New Brunswick back to Salem, MA and the real world 
Aaarrgh work not good today. Dropped my phone again. New etch-a-skecth likes features. Oh no's. 
@CharissaCowart back home MOB from New York City...too bad the only direct flights to MOB is ATL 
My hubby will be in New York on Father's Day    Maybe I'll work on this while he's gone http://bit.ly/SWqrT
So... @hillsongunited was in New Jersey last week &amp; is in New York tonight. AAAHH!! Why didn't I know before they came. I LOVE HILLSONG!! 
New phone is nice, but I lost my Star Wars ringtone 
New at Twitter and filled with stress. College really stinks 
@JazOnVinyl  I want to go back home with you guys so bad. Screw Bonnaroo and Disney World. I miss New Orleans.
@jordanknight not in New Jersey 
Baahhhhh! I'm watching Paris Hilton's My New Bff but I have to go back to work 
Friend just Texted me from the New Yankee Stadium...she loves it and hates it all in one! Feels like she's in a different city. 
New routine: Start up TweetDeck, QUICKLY type in the now-required _spymaster_ filter.    #fixspymaster
@kindareal right now its only in my house . got it at Giant Eagle in New Albany, Oh but they arenow all sold out 
New blog post: Why isn't it working for me?  - MiniMins.com - Weight Loss ... http://fat-weight-loss-news.com/?p=1574
it's more then half-way through the year. How are your New Years' resolutions going? Mine: much less then halfway... 
@cfdj71 oh yum! mine is New Zealand Mount Cass Sauvignon Blanc....wish I had some sunshine to go with it though 
http://www.zshare.net/audio/610338627055a23c/ New training mix uploaded!!! Bit of everything in here, sorry for the CD skip in the middle 
@SethSimonds oh... yes. Red is Manhattan. New England is White. You probably knew this. why you messing with me? 
Hmmmm now cancelation on New York!?  shit is looking bad! 
New to Twitter not sure wot to do  Help????
is in the middle of reading the Twilight book b4 the New Moon is out...... 
@OfficialTaylorL I am sooo excited for New Moon - but I'm afraid I might die caused of expectations, before it's on the big screen 
New to twitter, and singing the Titanic song. Why did she ever let go 
I've started reading New Moon and it's sad. 
Any Connecticut/New York based men's hockey leagues need a fan for the summer? I'll be lost without my hockey 
@heidianderson I take offense that you think Ray Comfort is from Australia.  He's from New Zealand.
Road trip to New Orleans cancelled. I'm kind of responsible. 
Heart actually breaking.......can't bear it  No New Kids??? Why?
Wishing last night s New Kids concert in Va Beach wasn't over 
I just bearly started reading Eclipse its not as good  as New Moon becuz Edward errr....I dont like him in it hes boring only Jacob&amp;bella
I miss my friend in New York.  I have no one to hang out with! Who's free?
New Idle Thumbs site mayyyybe launching tonight.  Waiting for 800MB of back episodes to upload to the CDN 
@gcgonc New Moon was one of my least favorite in the series 
@yelyahwilliams disappointed that your not doing music for New Moon 
My Aunt @stagepresence1 got the New Palm Pre today. Talk about a super nice phone. 
Long day in New York, fun times though! Back home in South Jersey for now 
what a good weekend!!!  I don't want Mike to go home to New Jersey 
To apply or not to apply, that is the question. New job = new role = new challenges. All good. Also = less f2f teaching = less English = 
OMG!! How in the hell did the ticket price to New Zealand go from $920 round trip to $1200 in a week!!!! *crying**devastated* 
The Half Pipe: New cinema idea with luxury beanbags from Hoyts. Not in Sydney though  http://tinyurl.com/qvmzfc
&quot;eat brick kid&quot; lol. watching Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. but it's almost over 
I'm excited for New Moon to come out!!! I want to watch it right now! 
Goodnight New York! thanks for being so lovely. Tomorrow I head home 
Home from today- super sad to have Dad leave tomorrow. And I miss my Texas and New Mexico family! Grrr. 
I spent 5 days in New Orleans, 2 days were great and 3 days were me being sick with a 102 degree fever. 
#Blink182 tickets went on sale in Phoenix. 55$ each. That is 30 dollars more then New York Tickets. WTF @markhoppus should look into this 
@billyraycyrus ehh.   what about New Zealanders.. everyone always leave us out!!!! 
The cumulative total of confirmed H1N1 cases in New Zealand is 14 (up from 13 yesterday) with another case confirmed.  not good....
about to take Mum to New st to get her train home  still thinking about very odd dream last night
@youmeatsix aw yay thanks for replying. are they coming to New Zealand tooo? 
Lucky people in New Zealand (and apprently in UK too). Real Racing is out already there. @razorianfly is problably playing it. 
New York is weaning me off (good) coffee 
Leaving for New York shortly... I usually travel VERY light, but somehow my luggage is full of my clothes. Strange. 
Trying to decide between moving to New Zealand or Canada. Since Moving to America was too exspensive. Really wanted to live in sunny LA. 
The New Palm Pre phone is so cool! I want one. 
@mariawinther Phooey, it's in New York. The Americans get all the best events 
It's raining. No pool for me.  Just going to the mall...and getting a New Moon poster at Hot Topic..
We'll be heading for New York to settle the girls into an apartment for school this fall.  Not sure how I'll respond to empty nest here. 
Eeeeep! New Moon is only 172 days away... Actually, that is ages. 
@WATERSNANANA  damn I wish I was back home in brooklyn...where the summer jam at New York?  
@totesfawkward Excited for it? New fones. Snow leopard? Rebranding unibody mbooks?  I know what tweet trends will be tomorrow.
165.5 days until New Moon is released. Totally stoked! Wish I was close enough to an area to attend a premiere though 
@piratically New York gets much hotter and more humid as summer rears its ugly head. 
New plan: pasta. Mcfly &amp; room cleaning. Dishes, homework, sketches. Movie. Call dad and ask to borrow 100 dollars... The fun part 
My bird is in New York partying without me  ah well!
New blog post: Am i doing something wrong!  - Atkins Diet http://fast-weight-loss-news.com/?p=941
@briiiiipolden haha I'm the same I love road trips, drove from New York to LA last summer! Old rusty I drove in isn't allowed in the UK 
Wishing I went to New York 
@MinXxyM @bonnielady Details for the Twilight New Moon con can be found at http://www.massiveevents.co.uk/newmoon/  It's sold out now 
Bye bye New York 
New Ipod. Forget the pool it's too cold. I was on the bus and my eyes got all watery cause I thought about the fact that Carl is leaving 
SO SORE  song of the day: Kid Cudi &quot;Dat New New&quot;
Heading home from New Orleans!  
New blog post: The Honeymoon Is Over  http://www.noelsblog.org/content/746
New in Town with Renee Zell is a horrible movie 
@MoenickNovice HEY! I've been good. I'm on my way home from New Orleans.  How are you?
Watching Twilight, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah it's SO good. I really cannot wait til New Moon. God, I wish movies were real life  I&lt;3lJasper
These teachers want the photos I took at the New York trip so I'm pasting all of them on 4 CDs. 
is on page 147 of &quot;New Moon.&quot; This book makes me sad. 
@nitrojane I think thats when I'm in New Orleans   I'll have some jambalaya foryou instead.
wishes she could go see Jersey Boys in New York 
New Grey's Anatomy on now! Jackson is dieing 
@electrikdude I've been to New York twice and have found that to be a problem totally f's up my experience 
Hayfever is not doing me favours today. The New Era tablets don't seem to be working nor haymax  Hard to concentrate.
New Kids On The Block Australian tour has been cancelled. So upset  - sux big time!
@msgoth84 I get sooooo fuckin pissed when i get them...I'm like &quot;Oooo!New followers!   ,  then i see that its the fuckin porno people 
@SabrinaAlexis oh crapy weather in New York City? dang..! We are having it 2 hey.. It overcast and FRIGGGN freezing in Queensland 
We are hearing that the New Kids on the Block tour has been canceled, breaking the hearts of ten's of people across the country 
Oh dear. New neighbours have an exceptionally yappy dog and a marauding cat. Fun times in Clapham 
My New Personal Penguin !: 1 day old  http://tinyurl.com/mdjrlc
Totally Chilled! Digging the ES New Album. Town today anyone? Wish my PC would run the sims 3 
is upset New Kids have cancelled there tour! To Oz!!!! 
I am so tired.  But Atleast I got my New FRIENDS at COncordia. 
@BeckyEC oh no! dislike New York!  I'd best not read it then...
tempted to book @VirginAtlantic New York flights for Sept, but we should be saving, not spending 
whats going on with this New York weather? We're already in June and its just been raining and it has'nt even been warm like it should 
GOOD MORNING!!! Its monday, back to work  Time to get up, and get beautiful!!! New day, New begining
@DonnieWahlberg Jersey may have rocked Sat. night - but there were plenty of New Yorkers in that crowd (and u dissed us)...  
Jealous of people posting pictures of the ocean.  There are no oceans in New Britain.  
I wish I was in New York. 
Trying 2 stay busy @ work - it's so slow again   New fav band is The Script (they r from Ireland!) I love their music ...
Goodbye LA!! I will miss you  New York here I come!!!
In Flag Room, penning Spanish essay. New student tour going on, and tour guide just mentioned how Bonfire is something we USED TO do. 
I miss New York already! 
@craigeryowens Argh, why can't you live in New Jersey?  
@mileycyrus that's the most amazing news!! People outside the states can't vote though  good luck from New Zealand!
of course when it comes time for me having to go out to my car it starts pouring...thanks New York! 
TWO study abroad possibilities in New Zealand in the same summer?!? Oh my gosh, this is great.. but.. how will I pay for them? 
New study finds arts instruction in USA schools lags. I think HK is worse  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/16/education/16scores.html
New Alexisonfire - major dissapointment  maybe it's a grower..
Got my first job acceptance in New Orleans -- unfortunately they wanted me today and I had to turn it down 
New York trip cancelled, Bad times.  
I don't want to go back to New Zealand next Thursday 
Nap fail  Stupid storm front.  Still bringin' it tonight at 16 Taps, 9pm.  New quirky cover song, think you'll like it.
New York city is so busy and exciting. why am not there to add on the excitment and busniness 
New Post - I've lost my job   http://bit.ly/WV0YV - time to regroup
New York or Paris... Too many decisions 
@megansaul I wanna move to New York. 
All my friends are in New York so I've just been playing Legend of Zelda for the past 5 day. Wow I have no life 
Getting ready to send Ashly off to New York- wish I could go with her..... 
 I always miss everything! I missed if New York won the money and all of I'm a Celebrity tonight!! 
@RyanDehler New England is a great place to ride!  I've moved to the NJ shore, boring motorcycle riding here- actually selling my bike 
Just found out my best friend/sister of all time is moving to Texas during New Years. Been crying all night 
Gas prices go up everyday. YAY GOVERNMENT!  You suck, New York State.
What the HELL just happened on Charm School?! Wow. &amp; fuck. New episode two weeks from now?! 
@AdamMac30 dude I'm like Bella in New Moon status right now 
@its_me_betty yes Michigan is two hours ahead of New Mexico 
New post: I want to place a bid on a hotels room http://cli.gs/uSP3ED)
Waiting for the tram. My feet are killing me. New shoes = blisters. 
Is pissed New Kids on the Block aren't coming now  
Seems the New Zealand economy is OK in most sectors except house building and government IT consulting. Even the builders are coping 
wishes she was in New York with her friends 
I feel like Barney on HIMYM when he ran the New York marathon and suddenly his legs just became like jelly and gave up on him 
New York weather report - rain til Sunday 
New PC = shipped.. but tracking site doesn't work  &quot;may take 4 working days for info to appear&quot; - hopefully it'll be here in 3 #dellfail
New shoes arrived. Got great deal, look great, love colour, they fit, footbeds sooo comfey BUT they rub like crazy on the heels  Return.
has almost finished Breaking Dawn!  what will I do now?? I so can't wait for all of the movies to be released, starting with New Moon! xx
@Rakeback_Online hello yourself! (from a very foggy, rainy &amp; cool New England)  
New glasses are two small to see the keyboard on laptop. Bah 
Yipee. New friends and new things to learn. But unfortunately, less time to read. 
Lenovo = Great service. New hard drive arrived today, a day earlier than expected. Didnt bring my laptop into work tho 
@Thisisrobthomas They just announced you on the New York Radio Station WPLJ NYC--Playing at the China Club July 1st. I'm in Florida tho. 
JangoMail's New Feature Simplifies Transactional Email http://ow.ly/enln - but it only works with desktop clients 
BLARGH! First they move it out of New York City, then they turn Max into an old man, now they're changing his voice?  http://bit.ly/pxzep
Only 8 days until I leave for New Glasgow. Gotta clean the house today but my back is killing me 
@ariannypilarte lol I was thinking about that too the other day. I want New Moon Mondays 
want to go back to New York 
Ok, I'm looking for an internship for the summer in New York City, but no luck yet! 
Leaving Washington. Off to New Orleans... Sorry for the Twitstorm - I'm bored at the airport. 
I miss you New York... 
@sharlea69 no not yet unfortunatly. We still have awhile. New Moon is coming out this august, the other ones won't inthe next 2 years. 
I want the New Moon book soo badd  i have to read it. i &lt;3 twilightt. Taylor Lautner is FIT
I'm thinking about sandwiches!  In particular a pret New York Deli on Rye!  Heaven.  I think a lot about food 
is back from New Haven. Took a lot of blood.  Being a little person isn't good sometimes.
I'm sad to see The Real Housewives of New Jersey end... it was almost as good as Atlanta 
New York City is really making me sad! No concern about sustainability WHATSOEVER!  #cityfail
Dinner time. We're low on funds so we'll have to scran on anything we can find.  New songs sounding great! Make sure you get tix for tuts!
New polymer that changes color instantly in response to external magnetic field (Soon they can make man disappear) http://twurl.nl/o0lh0x 
Autotune got Mariah, too.  New single, Obsessed, up on her site: http://www.mariahcarey.com/
I'm having a love affair with New Market Square. The only &quot;dirty underwear on the floor&quot; is that Kohls isn't there. 
amazon just wrote me that i have to wait another month for &quot;New moon&quot; to come  I want to know more about edward right now! Am I addicted?
New gig kickin my BUTT in training still!!! What's really good???? I miss my twitter fam.  sorry I've been neglegent everyone, be bk soon
Got New EEE1000He, seems there is problem  with mouse pad!!!!! 
morning New Yorkers. Ugggh, haven't been sleeping properly since last friday  movies w/ rayan nd co tonight. YEAR ONE yo - over nd owt
@DimaM I took a quiz on Facebook and it said I belong in New Jersey.  What is wrong with this world?
@atticusjackson1 You should be cranky, YOU MISSED. I told you to piss on Houston, not New York...  That means 3 hours of watering the yard
Busy day... Submitted travel request for New Orleans next week.  Wish I didn't have to go 
Real Housewives of New Jersey is just as great as ATL and I am very sad that I won't see the last episode until this weekend! 
Nilly left, oh sad  HAH New Pen Pal
Real housewives of New Jersey finale 
New blog post: Tuesday update = FAIL  http://tinyurl.com/lbtusj
.... I suddenly understand Bella in New Moon. Like there is a hole in my chest. 
I wish Real Housewives of New Jersey had a longer season. No more 'bubbies' Tuesday nights 
I wish New York City still had Conan   Wanted to see him live at least a few more times...
New distributor for XFX Vga Card, my lifetime warranty  doesnt apply anymore 
The real house wives of New Jersey is a hott mess lol in a good way..btw i dropped my computer outside my appt n now it wont charge 
@joesephjonas I went to a Wal-Mart in New Jersey to buy it, but they didn't have it 
Check out some of these US golf sites -how warm, how summery, how idylic...how cold my shoulders are in wintery New Zealand right now! 
@hak5darren  we cant get fon's down here in New Zealand ... will have to make something out of Sheep and Fencing Wire.. yarrr..
im pissed, I missed Paris Hilton's New BFF 
Just got home from New York City.  I miss my baby already 
@BrittGastineau I'm obsessed with Real Housewives of New Jersey!  Why is the season ending so soon though??  
New blog post:: Cybook is sick  http://tinyurl.com/nyae5l
No Silver Springs for Manchester NH tonight  Here's the double encore video from MSG New York last Thurs. http://tinyurl.com/lxf3q9
Watching Real Housewives of New Jersey after a long day of reorganizing my stuff... sooo much more work ahead of me! 
About to watch the RHWO New Jersey finale re-run. Sad it's the last episode.  Those bitches are insane! haha
Native New Yorker. I wish Tiff was sitting with us. 
New iPhone software available today - O2 not got it yet 
No sleep for me 2nite &amp; I have the Peapod tour in New Brunswick in the morning. I see many cups of coffee in my future. 
@damana - I won't be able to make it to the dinner tonight - am flying to New York tomorrow and snowed under with work 
half way through New Moon, starting to bore me... i could just wait for the movie november 
@ranglin hahaha.  no - epic date fail by me. I thought it was still the 16th in New York. I want my (non-beta) iPhone 3.0 dammit!
@RoystonVassey looks like it maybe noon in New York time. Long wait for me then 
@helbro @hicke  OS 3.0 will be available on June 18th, 01:00 local time. That's 1pm on the 17th in New York and 1900 in central Europe. 
has tickets for &quot;An Englishman in New York&quot; and &quot;The Naked Civil Servant&quot; that i can't use.  suckage 
Last day in New York - and most of it is work... 
New Post: our beach trip...  no naked ladies in this one   http://www.mybottlesup.com/poppys-beach
New Post: Anyone else miss ski/board season?  I know I'm insane but I wanna SHRED    http://bit.ly/s4XVy
@StaceyMonk Hey you!! I had to opt out at the last min... New &quot;Gig&quot; has me in the MIX   I wanted to hug on you too sweetie!!
@angelamburke Goood morning! Yes I am sooo ready for summer, but I still have 3 regents exams. I hate New York 
Had a dream that I was in the movie New Moon. I'm so upset I woke up 
@paramarsradio Me too. But I won't be in Boston on New Year's. And I don't have a season ticket. 
Algebra final next I think @xOsitaax is absent today  New blog posted up sombrerosquad.blogspot.com check it out and follow mee!
New iPhone software update where are youuuuuuuuu?? 
New Comic Day  it's sad being broke.
is going to miss the Real Housewives of New Jersey. 
trip to New York City canceled 
Shopping was a success! New jeans and a new hoodie and didn't spend over $80! Now to the park! I miss @geebmasterflex though 
can't believe I'm hooked on The Real Housewives of New Jersey!  Sad it's over for now. 
The Evo is very very poorly  New AYC pump required. Ouchorama. Anyone need any programming or project management work done?
No show at the New Attic makes me a sad camper 
i absolutely loved Real Housewives New Jersey. too bad nothing else on my DVR is worth watching again   guess i'll read a book
New version (.26) of tweetdeck available... allows syncing across systems (AWESOME!), but still with the funky scrollbar/no min. to tray 
@Jonasbrothers that's awesome! i wish i could be there, but i live in New Jersey, not Texas. 
@klane04 AWESOME!!  New place will be great!  Wish I was there helping pack 
New Terminator: Worst. Movie. Ever. 
Plan to hold out for viPhone foiled; LG sharted a bit today. New Every 2 still a month away too 
Out in New York on a lake.  Its raining  so I'm on the computer.
New Moon doesn't come out until November 20 
New iPhone update!! Technology 
What is Edward doing in New Moon!!!! Ahhhhh!!!! Stupid stupid idea!!! Trying to read to distract me from exam results :S not working! 
I wish my buddy hadn't made me think about what to pack for New York.  Now I'm bummed because I don't have anything I like.   Pitiful.
I love Kelly Clarkson but I don't think she should do the soundtrack for New Moon movie! http://bit.ly/3e8BPr I'm going to miss Paramore 
@GDGOfficial : Free tix COOL. Gavin not coming to New England UNCOOL. 
:  I-40 in New Mexico has WAY too much construction.   
@britneyspears How come you're not coming to New Zealand when you do your down under tour  ...Jordyn
I miss New York City 
looks like New Orleans isn't happening  my bank account will be happy though...
New post: I want to place a bid on a hotels room http://cli.gs/YD3rAd)
New pc is great! Vista is taking getting used to...need to get all my programs on, well the compatible ones. 
@sarahemadden New Zealand is sobbing now, Sarah. Look what you've done. 
@stacychu yeah. I'm on the way to New Jersey now. It's 12AM right now. Man. My mom is mad at me cause the airport threw the lock away 
is now in New Jersey.. missing Joey 
@Its_roXXX gud but ii still miss New Orleans 
So New at this whole Twitter thing  help! lol
@ghettokitty hai!  New house except its my old house.  Moving this weekend.  About time!  Sick of commuting 
In New Jersey. I like Jersey as a name. Mom found out about the septum. had to take it out :..( annnd @jaccc is leaving  waaaahhh
New York release postponed to next week  :'(
Paris Hilton's My New BFF gets worse &amp; worse every week... that makes me sad. considering that i &lt;3d that show 
The Evo is very very poorly  New ACD pump required. Ouchorama. Anyone need any programming or project management work done?
I don't want to move (back) to New Zealand!!! 
I want the New Nokia E72 
New everything was too good to be true... Dunno if we're gonna get this car! 
an now the 5 day forcast for New York......rain...........awesome 
@billy_burke Once again I miss all the fun here in New York..   ...Very sad Kim went to bed early...
New phone ordered! First message ever! Good day so far.......now to kill the moths 
Quote of the day: &quot;New Year's Eve, where old acquaintances be forgot. Unless, of course, those tests come back positive.&quot; 
About to get ready to troop of to New York. I'm not as excited as I was yesterday cause I'm sick.  but you have to do what you have to do.
Mixed emotions about changing job assignments. New place, new people, new job... never fun 
Will in New York City in 3 days....... omg i cnt wait.. time for partying and off course Work  
New record at the MI-ET-5 CoCoRaHS station... 0.80&quot; (my station is only 24 days old...)  2-day total = 1.42&quot;... more mosquito fuel 
@ESHdotcom Good morning from the Adirondacks of New York. Raining here too  .   How is new home construction in your area ?
@gbstrickland Can you send the nice weather here please? Still wondering when we are going to get some summer weather   Thats New England
New computer get here NOW. I don't want to wait two weeks. 
All i want to do is go home, drink lots of coffee, read, listen to T&amp;S, New Pornographers and An Horse and watch friends. 
New show Hitched or Ditched = STUPID... 
@MlleFelix  I'm in New York.. And our forecast calls for rain for the next ten days. You'd think we were in Seattle.
I'm on vacation in New Jersey, but it's pouring rain. 
New Zealand Women won by 52 runs against Indian Women at T20 WC. 
I don't know where my &quot;Somebody in New York loves me&quot; t-shirt is 
getting ready to leave New York!  its bittersweet. i love ny but im ready to start my summer already back in CALI.
heading to New York!! really wish i didn't leave my camera charger at home 
it's raining again, SMH... It feels like New York moved to the other side of the country... Plus it makes for a miserable day 
New people moving in upstairs, they're arguing in the hallway outside our livingroom. Sign of things to come? 
New day in NY but it's rainnnny  Perfect day for a movie.
@dougiemcfly Have you read New Moon? I can not read this entire book. When someone interrupts me when I'm reading. 
Had chilie con carne for dinner,just settled down to watch washington @ Yankees though its pissin in New York so there's a game delay 
New not-Crocs do not allow my feet to breath as much as my old crocs. 
Runch with @tashiaw and hearing of Pittsburg and New York, awesome. Working on such a nice day, not so awesome 
New blog post: Wordpress 2.8 doesn't play nice with my theme  http://gatorurl.com/pwmpq4
hates that almost 100 individuals are said to have H1N1 in New Zealand.  http://plurk.com/p/11zvih
@ErrynMaree but no internet access.... FYI, never some to east hanover New Jersey VIA bus. IT SUCKS. miss you guys  xox
would like to be with her friends. Any of them.... But the ones who are in Florida, Texas, and New York especially.  I miss yous.
@junewild I'm living in New York for the summer. I hope I get my card in time. 
New leadership in Iran?  A good thing?  Who knows, check our track record for regime changes over the last 30 years 
New X360 model on the way with Project Natal probably integrated - have to wait until 2010 though  http://viigo.im/WL0
New Stove hob went in today it's an induction system and none of my saucepans work on it so have to replace them so more m'wave dinners 
#inaperfectworld it would be sunny and 80 degrees like it should be in July. Fuck you New England! 
@DonnieWahlberg ur getting promo in Australia now,for all the wrong reasons.papers are saying New Kids OFF the block 
@nickjonas  I was supposed to go to New York to see you and your brothers on the Today show! but i didn't get a chance 
New PC arrived today. Runs Windows 7 like a cut cat. Now to reinstall everything 
It was raining all day in New York today... 
Moving to New York unless I receive some ungodly counteroffer. Depressed about future living standards.  
Reading New Moon on chapter10. My mom took the book to work 
Why did I not bring my laptop to New Hampshire? 
http://twitpic.com/7rrhl - Oh! What i'd give to be back in New York right now  sigh.
I never flipped a table when I lived in New Jersey   #realhousewives #realitytv
Billy Burke said he's not in New Moon. What's going on?  Katelyn, what's this all about?!
@backstreetboys We miss you in New Mexico!  You only came here once. 
@mwvw I got one person, too.  BTW: New Nouvelle Vague is epic
dude forget Atlanta im going to New Jersey   ! table flip bitch &lt;3 haha im really depressed this season is ending  its the BEST!
Everyone who played in Twilight was amazing.Can't wait for New Moon!My dream is to become an actress but that will like never happen. 
Tomorrow is a lot of things, New iPhone, PayCheck, and worst of all...seeing all my paycheck go to my bills....sad 
Wanting to go to New York now! 
New Internet Explorer is UGLY. And I had just gotten the old one the way I like it 
New Divide by Linkin Park has peaked 4 times at Number 8 on the ZM20 now, why wont it climb higher! 
I'm craving for some Yellow Cab pizza. I want New York's Finest! 
Huge queue at my o2 store. New iPhone might have to wait 
thinks there might be some more rain in New York today 
Downloading the New Tweetdeck 0.26 (probably i got the news late ) 
In New York City and kinda freaked out  lol  Michelle~JM09
Is sad that New Found Glory tickets sold out in London, if i wasnt in a lesson i would have some  Gutted
New day, still tired  today should be a short day but . Hard one   &lt;(''&lt;)  (&gt;'')&gt;
Reflecting about my recent stopover in New Orleans.   Three years on after K and still so sad, it has lost it's soul, I miss the music 
i wish i still lived in New Jersey...  lol...
I am in disbelief that I have been in New York for a week already! The time is flying by!  But, My family comes in 5 weeks- AWESOME!
A little sad that this is probably the last time I go to a New Kids concert for a while.... 
New BC web site looks good, if you're a coach don't bother looking for CPD or coaching documents - they've vanished 
Its raining in New Hampshire   Headed to Chuck E Cheese with my favorite little girl...
@mitchelmusso Would you happen to know where I can buy your cd? Walmart did not have it   Can't wait to see u in New Orleans!
By @TheWebChimp New #-Adwords UI keeps popping up a 'Warning: Unresponsive script' warning when I try to post changes  #adwordgripes
@The_New_Issue  
Miss New Zealand    
New law of Roxy's love life...all girls i like are either taken, straight, or MARRIED. 
w00t its Friday you know what that means?  New Naruto and Bleach manga!  Im a nerd 
My drivers licsence now says New Jersey. 
is now officially a New Jersey resident   -- but I'll always be a Connecticutian at heart.
New iPhone software update doing ma nut not working 
New iPhone is taking forever to back-up and sync! 
@weichiang New York! New York! Wish you and Mukhriz are here, had to take the air train by myself... 
New iPhone is sitting at home not being tinkered with. 
#inaperfectworld Lil Wayne wouldn't have gotten New New pregnant...that was a letdown 
New Peep Show in autumn! First reason to start wishing away the summer 
New video up. Will have to redo tutorial on the makeup.  http://bit.ly/JPOPh
New Slogan &quot;If it ain't free, It ain't me&quot; I'm so broke.. $$$$ 
New at Twitter trying to find some friends... 
@whathappened See, I'm from South Florida, where lightning was a frequent occurrence. In New England? A rarity 
New one: &quot;Your new name is little slave boy&quot;  haha
Missing Bebel Gilberto concert  I want to be in New York!!!
Its my last full week in New Orleans 
@makeitseven Wish I could have made the rally, but yeah, bit of a commute from New Zealand  Keep up the good work!
I'm torn..   do I let more beer in or more food in?? hello New Castle!!! #fb
Watching JB on the Today Show. Man I wished I lived in New York 
For those keeping score (no one) I didn't make it home. Over 2 hours to travel the 23 miles of I-95 in New York ruined it for me. 
Hasta Luego New York!! &lt;333 @colleensez I'll miss you, boo. 
missed our flight.  Stuck in New York City til tomorrow night at 8!
just got done watching Madea goes to jail and New in town...lets see that makes 3 movies in 1 day! WOW! lol I'm bored now! 
Titans lost   Watching the New York Liberty vs. San Antonio Spurs.
Man i wanted to go to New York super bad 
New phone comes tomorrow... Damn you person who stole my phone and my life line! They know my whole life now  Creepy...
@wimjimjam so you guys get LESS holidays? Naw that sucks  But you get Xmas and New Year and stuff?
I want the New iPhone 
Is taking off. Goodbye New York and everyone dear. 
Tough choices: Pay my phone bill, or go to New York, unfortunately they are both the same price 
@Si_Jose A bot? -I am still not used to this kind of technique -&quot;Brave New World&quot;   ged, But a bot can also be ignored, blocked, flagged
The Cat's tail is worse. New painful spot at base of tail which is now starting to drag on floor. Call vet now or wait until Mon? 
Just threw New moon at wall because Edward left.....    
New iPhone might have a better battery but becuase of new stuff you use it a lot more and the video function sucks the battery life down 
New shoes, new PR and no energy left  12k has been a little too long ago! Now praying for BBQ weather!
@QuickenChels Thanks! I'm checking out @quickenonline now. New desktop version won't run on my Mac which is too old to update 10.5 
mmm cheerwine...I bet it won't be in New Jersey 
@mileycyrus Chil-fil-a is the best too bad they do not have that many in New England Boo 
New iphone is not all that. Thought it would be better 
Anyone elses match just switch to the New Zealand game on BBC3?? 
@mapex_drummer I'm in New York... don't get WGN 
About to watch Casualty, followed by CSI: New York! (wishing I was IN NYC, instead of watching shows about it! )  !
I want to be back in New York City! 
New Airport extreme with disk sharing. Plugged in the disk, changed the network name to something sensible &amp; set passwords. Done. Humph! 
So sad that I don't have tickets to the New Kids concert tomorrow... 
New pictures of poor Gavin covered in mosquito bites  ...and a video of his holding his own bottle!
It's raining AGAIN, here in New York  
I found out  that I might not get no money this trip to New York  
New Haven, I do not like you and your grass allergens and the rain. 
Take me back to New York  I miss it there.
came back from New York amd Canadia and air conditioning does not work 
@awarmgun As much as I like New Order, I'd rather they hadn't formed as a result of such tragic circumstances. 
God dammit no one in this town has: S trange Days, Escape from New York, or Streets of Fire. 
New shift is 1pm-10pm mon-fri.  I am pretty sure that I got my presentation ready for monday.  Whats up in Iran 
In New Haven for Cassie's last weekend  in the United States for the summer! 
Sorry about the mistake with the last tote  Wrong stocktype-it sold instead of being a lotto. New one listed soon though!
Indie ppl in New York City are so nice compared to in Boston 
My church is going 2 Indy tomorrow I'd love 2 come but I have to work.  The New registers are nice I need to work on Doing it opposite way
I saw this New Moon jacket with Taylor Launter today but it was FIFTY dollars! I didn't have enough money. 
@Jonasbrothers Glad you had a great first show! I wish I'd be seeing you in Birmingham or New Orleans 
I hope @aof_official don't tour Australia whilst I'm in New Zealand, talk is they'll be here in Feb 
Tragedy: My best &quot;math&quot; friend (who I haven't in 3 years -- damn hurricanes) had a QUIDDITCH game in NYC today, and I was in New Jersey. 
@MiraDsouza  don't worry!! we'll greece it up at some point, and it will be fabulous!! (if not we always have New Braunfels)
New favorite store - Bed Bath &amp; Beyond. So many things I wanted to get for the home but can't.  Hope there's something similar in Sydney.
@selenagomez You're in New York? Can you pleaseeee come to Staten Island? Its boring here 
@BackstageJBJ Gonna miss you guys this summer New-Brunswick is to far 
Watched The Proposal today.. It was really good! Oh but no New Moon trailer  BOO!!
@ddlovato I would if it was in New Zealand! 
New Facebook app (now 2.5) but can't see any difference 
@zanecarney i would if i could  another reason i hate living in New Zealand
New Killswitch Engage album is disappointing so far.. 
Places I want to go include Texas, New York, New Jersey, Seattle and LA. Can't they just give me the life I'd love. 
On my way to New Jersey. 5 am is way to early. 
Gemini season has Ended..Summer has begun;)...New York New York..back home 2 U babY ;) Miss U  .......
Good morning all, crappy rainy week ahead for New York 
New on Twitter....and having a hangover 
New Post on my site!  Big announcement...  I'm quitting CP. 
Another rainy day in New England! Wanted to ride the Harley but I'll just hang out here at home and enjoy the day. Watching news re: Iran 
@nunnie20 stoppppp!! You're just making me miss New York even more! 
New iPhone 3G S still hasn't activated.  It's been almost 48 hours. 
I want to move to New Zealand, anyone wanna come with? 
Back to Toronto. Goodbye New York. 
@MaryRichards wish i was there  i love New York
It just  has to be me  New Tweetdeck broken already
New client meeting went well - unique opportunity, but now our AC blew out in the house! Not fun in the Texas heat 
Is going to repack for New York again!!!  
Someone buy me a Brand New ticket  &lt;/3
@alittletrendy bitches  that shit better be the biggest damn room in the convention center. Wait, that'll be for New Moon, duh.
I miss my New Kids, Jabba's, and Jesse. 
@NOYOdesigns damn I wanna go! I miss New Orleans 
@speakz HAHAHA! I wish! I was meant to go New York on Thursday and it's all gone SHIT so I can't go anymore and now I wanna cry. 
Still in New Jersey probly be back in Brooklyn Tonight later on.....Follow @ThaKidSwift Please 
Thanks a lot, New Moon &amp; Dead Rising. Now I can't stop dreaming about Vampire Zombies. Zompires.  Twas super scary. No more, yeah?
in New York without @irish_cookie     Life sucks this way
Going to the last New Believers class tonight, I wish it was not ending! 
I need a GPhone! New models in France for Q4. No geek should have to wait more than three weeks for geek stuff 
AH! New Georgia Nicholson book on Thursdaaaay! It's the last one though 
Guess what, VZ &quot;New Every Two&quot; isn't the same as your contract end date 
@dresouzax they are in New York 
Found the job of my DREAMS!!!! too bad its in New York 
Dear a California studio, please hire this 3D artist.  I am very very sick of New Jersey.
New study mate, Mozart. He's been encouraging me, telling me not to go back home early. 
What a shitty mall. If I get a pt hot topic job... Fml... If I don't? Fml. New netflix day! Meeting was cool, btw. Not a fan of thai food 
@yelyahwilliams I haven't seen Up yet  Have fun in New England!
Goodbye New York  i am so sad to leave , i will be back soon!
Day 8 no bike.New tires not in yet. decided to run, Its 90. Brilliant!! Crawled home and died X2. I really miss my bike 
@santagada I see what you mean: even after tweaking fonts preferences, Thunderbird is mixing Courier New w/ Monaco on all the messages! 
Too sick.   Scaling writing goal back. New goals. 1. No chemo puke. 2. Write at least one page in my novel draft. #writegoal
Learning Objects are packed courses??? The term  has gone down the drain   New hot word is OERs... a rose by any other name... #edmedia
New Review: Buyer Beware  - Dean Sellers Ford Inc http://bit.ly/xuoPQ
New Review: Buyer Beware  - Dean Sellers Ford Inc: Horrible sales and service. Sole me a car with a bad clutch.. http://ping.fm/dkUNC
@MsRDM I'm sad they don't have those in New Orleans 
Happy 7 Months, Goodbye RJ Prepotente Off to New York 
just said by to FoFo  wont see him for like 3 years! Have fun in New York FoFo
And now a HP6 commercial. New clips. As always. I need to start re-reading soon. Alyssa still has my GoF!! 
A great commercial for New Era Caps - that features no so great absence of Closed Captioning. 
@marsacademy Aww, no in New Jersey right next to the city  it's awesome here 
New Moon is so gay, but it's sad... HE LEFT 
I miss Twitter   New job is lovely, but doesn't allow much time for surfing
http://bit.ly/6KItE - New post! Guh, I am so bored. 
Listening to Paramore &quot;Decode&quot; . I am so sad that they don't play a song for New Moon  . . - Team Edward !! 
@mckjerral i wasn't down with the Brand New kids, not really a fan. 
@MATTHARDYBRAND Hey Matt sorry to hear you got hurt - does this mean you wont be coming over to New Zealand on the RAW tour? 
The New Divisions  bt =D gd and bad ;) more good lol ;) xoxoxoxoxo's
Psh. My dad just sent me text saying they're already in New York. I was supposed to come with them 
New song &quot;Emotion&quot; of BigBang is wonderful x] check it out  !! oh,Im jealous with all V.I.Ps in Japan 
Going to see New Kids on the Block tonight, hope the weather cooperates. It's supposed to thunderstorm. 
I'm up just in time to cut the lawn. New PRS guitar comes to my house today just in time for my euro tour! A lot to do before I leave tho 
@lucecannon: Not raining in New Malden. Stuck in the office, though 
New tv, new tv! Wanna go set it up now  http://mypict.me/5AHl
Awake. Leaving for work. Totally shitty night because of no sleep. New room/bed. This is why I don't spend the night places.  
I give up on that &quot;Which New Kid would be your perfect lover&quot; quiz! Hmph 
@DonnieWahlberg Detroit's a long way from New Orleans  wish I could be there!! ***twugs!!!!!***
I only have three more weeks left in New York City  boo!
my mate kieren leaves to live in New Zealand on saturday  quite upsetting. Drunken times tonight with him, gonna be one hell of a send off
New season of Bullshit starts tonight.  I wish I had Showtime 
@epistemographer @digitalhumanist Doing a disciplinary PhD with the support/structure of a New Media program like that sounds heavenly 
@point_moot You're welcome! scotch_mist was the best thing I ever saw on TV on New Year's Eve. 
@Rachel_New A teeny bit? You dating a leprechaun? 
I have eight days off in New York before dance. booking my flight now 
I found my MADDEN '08!  in '09  ...oh well, I say Old is New Again!
thinks it's time for New Zealand to turn away from the big political parties. Mount Albert for RAM? 
I always wanted to say: &quot;Riveting!&quot; about something so here it is: http://digg.com/d1o7dk Riveting ! (according to New York Times 
YES!!! New Zune coming this year, and it's almost certain to be a worldwide release at last!!!   http://bit.ly/6Uwk
New Canteen / cafeteria meaning the management has changed.. 
@WilliamSledd  Love the videos William  New to twitter x
@OfficialTL hey . . just got twilight on DVD . . loved it . . ! ! can't wait to see New Moon . . ! !  
the stars look beutiful tonight in New Zealand 
Another great New Zealand Track! No dreams are ever over!  ? http://blip.fm/~3xbch
New updates on the website. www.blacktoprecords.ca  thank you Henry for doing an awesome job 
Good morning guys  New car is coming
Is excited for New York in 23weeks  YAY!
New iPhone is completely updated  Sun shining in Derry - tis a pretty day 
@rccgd I'm leaving the laptop at home. I'll put up with tweetie. I can get DMs on gmail. New friends can always send me their email addy 
New diet working well, training less than ever, recovering well, eating more, staying lean. Nice 
@margb1509 It's the same here in New Zealand too. Looking forward to them starting again already! Have a great night! 
@tikitosca New York, please 
Just watched the &quot;Flutter - The New twitter&quot; video.   - http://bit.ly/GYKtn
New Eminem video....just like the old days kicking around  http://tinyurl.com/dbxh3t
New LinkMe is beginning to look like something 
is about to leave his house for New York!   Is he missing anything?
New Design Added to the gallery : http://www.bestcssvault.com/css-patio/ keep submitting 
New Design Added to the gallery : http://www.bestcssvault.com/rich-mcnabb-interactive-web-designer/ keep submitting 
@jojova i have to wait until I get to Lazboy- my 2nd home to get the java  if in New York in Syracuse it's pick a pair...ask for Ruthie
Yay. Just bought Twilight on DVD! Can't wait for New Moon!!! 
New York today! Craig Owens and Versaemerge tonight 
Fast &amp; Furious: New Model, Original Parts  a really good film 
Good day for India. . . . Won the Series against New Zealand in New Zealand 
Checking out These New Puritans and The Self Righteous Brothers - looking forward to May 2!!! 
@Robin2go Smackgobbed?  New word for me...gonna start using all the time now.  
New Yorkers, guess what ? The MTA is finally gonna start blogging   initial focus ---&gt; the hipster L line, wooohooo!!
New work by @maxvoltar: http://atebits.com Like everything Tim touches, it's absolutely bloody gorgeous, of course. 
@kkfla737: I've DM'd you my email address. I'm in New England &amp; haven't lived in Tampa since 1980, so I'm just an ex-pat Fannie. 
Is missing New York but loving Puerto RIco 
@RealKeanuReeves Agrees Traveling is fantastic  So why haven't you been to New Zealand yet? ;)
@ddlovato Can you come to New Zealand !! 
Out to enjoy the gloreous New England weather today. Ciao. 
New friends, I bloom Lotuses; Souls just like you  http://cli.gs/TZHUvr Tell me about YOU...
Finally have some of The Horrors back on my itunes... New album in May  But I still love Death at the Chapel... its ridiculous
@ TaylorLautner_  looking forward to New Moon 
@steffiakamissb I'm going to the first show @ MSG in New York! 
I'm so glad it finally feels like Spring in New York! 
Good morning  Going to the CSI New York wrap party  really funn talk to you later twitties  Byer byee xoxo rachel
Is loveing the tribe is beating New York 
@LisaBevere my sister lives in Black Forest, he husband works at New Life. She was shovelling 2ft of snow and I was at the beach 
Who wants to see The New Cities May 30th at the MOD Club with me? 
New Osalto blog post - http://tinyurl.com/dnbrw3 Enjoy 
@angie_seattle LOL   The fan got down to 1 working light bulb w/ no way to change the others = the last straw! New one's nice &amp; quiet too.
tomorrow will be the day i will enter to my New Country ! Let's Enjoy Canada 
3 things left to do for grad weekend1) shake, (2) take and (3) smile.  Then it's all done!  New vids: www.youtube.com/reallifeliving
New record for us now: 34 fliers produced 3 brand-new residential jobs worth almost $1,800. Campaign cost around $50. Healthy 3470% ROI 
Went to see some sopranos. No, not the crazy New Jersey ones...  They were great, I like how they preformed their &quot;Marriage of Figaro&quot;. 
Wonderful evening at Napali New Year ... tomorrow is #empsfpopconf ... have a nice evening everyone ... wishing you kind dreams.    d3
going to New York 
Family Guy! New series BBC3 tonight 10pm! 
@devilskitchen New design looks good. Only issue seems to be the title background in Safari http://is.gd/thlA. And guido is up for me 
Good morning New York and all you Twitter junkies!  I'm beginning work on a really cool project with the German fashion mag today. Fun!
@natpz wake up, wake up, on a saturday night... could be New York, maybe Hollywood and Vine 
@clarescaptain :O:O New ones!!  Thank u ! xx
New Moon Audiobook. 
@Klutz315: that's great. I really cant wait for New Moon! 
New Chapter of Back to Reality up nowwwww 
performing w of Montreal Sunday (today) at 8 p.m. at Toad's Place, 300 York St., New Haven. Info: 203- 624-8623 or www.toadsplace.com. 
New blog of poetry and souls in sync. Thank you for taking time to peek  http://reinem.wordpress.com/
New Hours album out tomorrow   http://tinyurl.com/dhp6q6
New blog post: Found Gordo's Cheese Dip #bilo  http://tinyurl.com/c4ozu5
@bjones782 haha love it! New Desperate Housewives tonight!  I have a banquet at 6 but watching it tg after?
New Project  - Apple, approve my as a Dev already!!!
@nhoustonreed Glad you had fun! Live music is the best. I bet it was nice to be out and about after working so hard on New Moon 
had an interesting weekend o.O Just wish it was like one day longer!!! New Promo should be out by end today   
@tinnywonks April 20 &quot;has long been an unofficial day of celebration for marijuana fans.&quot; Hence, Happy 420! Thanks to the New York Times. 
New fresh week! Good weather and ready to take off! 
New to twitter. Just want to know what all the fuss is about 
New 'Get a Mac' clips! http://tinyurl.com/cx8xds  
New day..... I'm a bit tired.... Hmm, i wonder why?.. 
@halsparks http://twitpic.com/3mvjg - Sooo much better.  New and improved 
@nlupus yeah, I watch both on regular basis. New American Dad is in my queue for the evening. 
New profile pic of me being a bit un-green a couple of weeks ago.  Also, new bio description which makes more sense!
New video today. I wrote lyrics for Metallica!!! 
@mileycyrus  I wrote you a letter today, I'm a huge fan from New Zealand  http://bit.ly/eiw9t Please give it a read. u dnt hv to reply 
New fave song! Starstruck by Lady GaGa! Makes me wanna dance 
is the New York Foundling SI DRC's new clinician 
Goooooood Morning! Leaving for New York in an hour or so. Cool, I'll be in New York by tonight. 
New post up: http://mloves.typepad.com/melissa-loves/ Happy monday all! 
Twitter Wars: The New Hope  Now I just have to figure out which mac app is the rebel/imperial guard.
St. John's Discover New York class 
So many things to do today.  But heck I am going to New York City on Saturday to pick up a new tuba for my student. 
Hey SCENEKIDS, i just saw the youtube video on th 3 New Zealanders that got a phone call from Ellen :o you guys are so lucky, good luck 
Oh forgot, Nepalese New Year (april 13) fantastic, ladies in trad dress blokes too pictures are ready just ask 
I am sitting in my car about to start reading the second book of the Twilight series, New moon. Very excited 
@kristenstewart9 not sure you've any control over music in New Moon but The Wolves (act I &amp; II)- Bon Iver, would suit the film perfectly. 
Sim,PUK! New number 
New posh phone and still no one has phoned me. I know when it rings I will get a fright. Goodbye speakerphone 100 you served me well 
@RobPattinson_ hey just wanted to say I can't wait until New Moon comes out Twilight was amazing you guys did an excellent job 
is saying &quot;hello world!&quot; come and connect with beautiful New Zealand - lets exchange the best of our culture and heritage with each other 
New post at the Free hosting site: http://tinyurl.com/c565ej, hope you guys can join 
@KristenjStewart Life's good, because of the Twiligh / New Moon cast. 
Attention New Followers: http://bit.ly/mJ7ld == My fiction blog. I am getting great reviews. Thanks readers! #writers #agents 
So, he didn't really SAY anything about my response to going to New Orleans, but hey, he reached out and commented back to me, at least. 
@terradebarbies hiya!   I'm Maria, and I live in New Zealand
New batch of BBT icons.  http://htbthomas.livejournal.com/220214.html
New favorite animal!! Blackbuck. 
Fan of The Real Housewives of New York City? Follow Bethenny Frankel @bethenny and Jill Zarin @jillzarin on Twitter! 
New pics of me and my sweetheart up on facebook. She is such a cutie 
@JonasLovato24 New JONAS song on youtube!!  Cheack it out! It's the pizzagirl song! lol!
http://twitpic.com/4e4br - New Shoes 
New Chima Anya mixtape out; plus get the new Solocypher &amp; Scholarman track all free homies!  http://tinyurl.com/d6zrk7
New song up on purevolume.com/gocrashaudio. Check it out and then give love before the bullet meets brain 
Looking forward to my trip to New Hampshire today! Promulgation.Rubicon (PR) write-ups to resume when I return next week! 
New MySpace layout 
Back in New York 
Tired, so tired. ...Watched Twilight for like the million'th time last night.  cant get enuff of it! cnt wait for New Moon!  x x
New Great Northern album, blueberry tea and a bagel with cream cheese.  That is the way to wake up. 
Enjoying New Moon  but it's frustrating me :s
New Project- understanding and shooting Depth-of-of Field.  This is one my favorites 
New video is uploading! @WhoaSara24 You make me happy! 
New music again  Tomorrow i'm going to my uncle's place to go see the bubahh. then off to khoder's place.
New post on Etsy Under $20 - vintage sunglasses! www.etsyunder20.blogspot.com - actually, I post something new there every day. 
@elanatjie well... november this year elana!!! were gonna get to see New Moon together!!!  YAY!!!!!
@sarahstanley  Hola! New to following you. Looking for health/fitness related tweets to keep me motivated.  Have a great day!
New to twitter... Checking everything out... 
On my way to NJ....going to get my puppy!! New baby to the family 
@MissFarrah New York time it is May 3 
It's 239 am. Time for falafals.  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/aAXpmg.t
is reading &quot;New Moon&quot; 
Getting ready to head for the New Forest with friends and babies. Hopefully weather holds up 
New iPhone = happy michelle 
 New follower! Thx 2 u!!!! Ye 4 day weekend started friday last day 2mozz. Nothing 2day computer
New blog post: Yo yo yo  http://gatorurl.com/nwsr00
New episode of The Sim World, up! 
White Plains for a Purchase visit. Then going to New York and stopping in Sleepy Hollow on the way home. 
I wanna finish New Moon tonight... but I've still got a few hundred pages left. Forget revision! 
@emmaclairesmyth aww i'm sure your going to miss them  Good excuse for you to go on another holiday over to New York though 
I'm in GERMANY right now ,but I want to go to New York to Steve again !! 
Loooooove the Drew Seeley Vids New Classic and New Classic Accoustic!!! Wanna have this hottie in Germany 
New Favorite Movie?:: Space Chimps. Andy is soooo funnny! 
just booked a hotel room in New York. Here: http://www.libraryhotel.com/   
Going to Mall Soon! To look around and maybe buy something New! I'll keep you guys updated on what's happening 
New Trader Joes opened in Redding. I no longer have to drive hours and hours for 2 buck chuck! 
aha! playing Brand New between band's sets so great 
New episode of Law and Order:CI @ 9pm...that's where I'll be 
@mileycyrus Do you love your New Zealand fans, too, Miley?! 
Great performance by @ladygaga tonight at Six Flags New England! 
@mileycyrus what about your New Zealand friends????! 
Watching Ellen, New Zealand on today 
@JWatari gonna shock the world, gonna show Bad Horse it's a Brand New Day!!!  
rawr;; headache. I hateeee headaches. New James Bond movie, then cuddling with the boyyy 
@DonnieWahlberg Oh 4got to say I am in Christchurch, New Zealand 
Using my sleepless time to peruse New Stuff on RYFO Network! There's always something New &amp; Interesting there! 
@twicullen  haha ty!   New Shout out video next week!! 
New on twitter. Welcome me. 
New @shackletonmusic single bought! It is awesome!! Well done boys! 
New baby arrived yesterday. A fab baby boy at 2.8 kilo  Very proud and happy 
Eighty nine min. And fifty eight sec. New record 
lol  Check this video out -- New Minute Maid Commercial http://tinyurl.com/cplt7p
@ddlovato Your second episode of Sonny WAC was on in New Zealand tonight. You were (and still are) AMAZING! ily  xx
New Project is going incredibly well! and I'm not tired today  I think we should get all Monday's off. Permanently.
Getting more information on New Korean Fashion Wear 
New music!  Electro-Classical dedicated to Nikmis: http://is.gd/wys4
In honour of #starwarsday, I have fired up a New Hope in the DVD player in full THX glory 
Although it is becoming Tuesday (soon) in New Zealand  * @bigbdisco @by_starla @tubilino @LittleC @asterion H... ? http://blip.fm/~5jhim
@bencollieruk No because why would it say &quot;New gift services&quot; on the page.. HA! 
New article about band called MGMT @ ATBFM.SOLIDSYN.NET 
New Article: http://tinyurl.com/c6mek5. Let me know what you think... 
New pollster data on party identification in the United States : Democratic (36.7%), Independent (33.5%), Republican (26.4%). OUCH. 
New word of the day: &quot;Whoore lure&quot; yes... A new word for cologne. Thanks Mike Harding 
New pic.... Twitter is finally letting me change my pic.  For those that missed it, Fannish Inquisition is now @Fannish please follow 
Almost in New York City 
@jensen_ackles New to Twitter. New to Supernatural - im only 1 day old :0) Jst ordered 1st season, after seein 1 gud random ep lastnte 
New Twitter coolness: conversations with neighbors (http://is.gd/ybd0) during a thunderstorm. 
@ClayWalker so glad, I hope yall make it back down near New Orleans 
Back in New Mexico again! Happy Mothers day to you mothers out there! 
Live from New York, it's Justin Timberlake! 
@Jennajmsn  Hi Jenna. Hope all is well   Just thinking of you and wishing you the best! Lots of love from over here in New York!!!
@RobPattinson_  I just want to tell you that you guys are amazing, thanks for Twilight. I can't wait until New Moon comes out. Melissa  
New To twitter 
@BeanJuce thanks, feeling good and off to New Forest later 
@maxcarver Hey im a fan from New Zealand. Loving the show even tho we are soooo behind in the episodes! haha. Keep up the good work 
Oh, these are all from www.overheardinlondon.co.uk The others were from the New York version. 
Good Morning good old Germany - I wanna say hello to New York.  I'm not in love. . .not really.
@CocoFontana I'll have to watch it soon then!  An I love, New York? Sweet! I'll be on the lookout for that.
@sandy195850 we have two small dogs, good to hear that Center Parcs wd take them. Cruising to New York on the Queen Mary 2, real treat 
Photo: My New Shoes!  http://tumblr.com/xmx1qzcts
New blog post - Game short list as twittered. http://is.gd/ytOT Easing myself back into writing. 
New lesson: when volunteering @ at a race, get stationed at the front. Then you get to go home sooner 
Talking to T in New Zealand is great but for 3 hours and until the early hours-not so great! Damn those time zones! 
@Leela89 New studio pic of Bill ?! Where is it? Link, please? 
Just 1 month, 1 week and two days until  Taste of Rockford  Enjoy great food and fun for everyone. New location this year, chk it out!
@chesca_dwane New friend  Nice to meet you ! And happy mother's day !
@jaywezie Yes and Same to you, since you win the mother of the year in the Catholic Churches of New Orleans 
Last Night in New York City. I'm inspiiiiiiiired. 
New Moon - Chapter 9 Third Wheel Page 203  well excited for new moon to come out in November. Hey has anyone seen the new moon trailer yet
@hishaamsiddiqi You take reaaaally good shots homie  I love em so much and I just saw the New Port Beach one.. That thing is kickin' !
@Neilochka When you didn't send me bagels from New York, I didn't quit thinking you were a nice guy so I guess we're even! 
@kaptaink I just got your tweet.  I was in New Orleans. 
New record of least spent at Yogurtland: $0.78! 
http://bit.ly/VSdRH  - New Ghostbusters game clip - very cool 
New York Goes to Work was extra hilarious this week. Artificially inseminate a pig... this shouldbe good 
New hair! Kinda scary i've never dyed it before. Hopefully it looks alright 
New candle addition: Dusk Sahara Vanilla. 50 hr burn time  http://tinyurl.com/o7r24x
Santiago -&gt; Madrid -&gt; New York 
I'm so excited to see New Moon. Nyaaaaaaaa 
Goodnight New York 
New hobby: elimination of any competition...  My new SEO app rocks!
Im Watching PhillipDefranco's New Video yeyaah. One of the highlights of the day 
Want to visit New Zealand &amp; Australia. 
@jerald84 @ jeremyau, try plurk! That's really addiction =D @jerald84, on New York Business Study Mission  Extended to Montreal &amp; Boston
applying for some j-o-bs in Chicago and New York... I'm coming back to the United States of 'Merica   
just got the Greek New Testament on his phone  yew!
Morning Tweeps  New Dementia Positive Practice examples published http://tinyurl.com/pcenmg
New blog entry at http://bit.ly/A2Jhg - talking about journalism and State of Play ..... interesting ? Have a read and leave a comment 
Just installed Times Reader 2.0 (another AIR application) for reading the New York Times.. 
@MTVwebmaster What are my chances? Internship, New york, Cameras, Mp3 players, Tees, Mugs and Direct entry. I wan' em all    
@TerenceChang Google is really fast here on Roadrunner in New Hampshire today 
http://twitpic.com/55m7o - Jeffrey and I on New Years 
New post on The Fashion Setter! Check it out!  http://thefashionsetter.blogspot.com
New photos on flickr! www.flickr.com/photos/brittanylinder   Check them out   I know the ISO is too high on the flowers...buuut...oh well
Date 2.. Take 2!  She got off early (no comments from the peanut gallery) so we have decided to have a part 2. New dating energy ROCKS! 
New tattoo!!! Hahaha im telling the world. Two down, ? to go  im never finished.
New Twitter background 
Speaking of certificatesm and taking @AwesomeMaria 's lead, Congrats SUNY New Paltz graduates 
Speaking of certificates, and taking @AwesomeMaria 's lead, Congrats SUNY New Paltz graduates 
Hi New York 
New Twitter! 
@TaylorLautner_ hey  just want to say that you are a great actor and I cant wait until New Moon comes out  Sophie
#NewWest Hyack Anvil #Tweetup on Monday 11am at Queen's Park Petting Zoo in New West -Please come.  New West is hard for me to handle 
@JoBrodie Friend Helen's written an article about placebo and nocebo in New Scientist  http://is.gd/zyuA
New picture ;o New Hair (Y) ... It's my msn picture and everytime i sign on.. i get people saying its like nicola robers... Anyone agree? 
New post: VICKYwoodford: http://twitpic.com/5crzv me and LAuren @BAMitsloz i love you bestie  ... (http://cli.gs/JY03Qe)
New blog on fuzzable! Getting my daily smoothie  go diet (L)
New idea: Going to use my Flip to compile a video diary of my time back home. Basically, i get to take the flip wherever I go. 
tom8 http://bit.ly/NZObo : I like both any woman in Saint John New Brunswick want to try here I am ready for love. 
On my way to NYC for AIDS Walk New York. Glad to have the support of @MissNaD. Smooth sailing thus far. Despite the pending rain! 
Air New Zealand staff have nothing to hide  http://ow.ly/7om2 #KF #marketing 
New Song  Going to church forever and ever.
@SaltyMomma I never knew that - thanks! Still, wouldn't mind a trip to New Orleans to get some 
&quot;There's a boat that's leaving soon for New York!!&quot; Or a bus... whatevs 
It's International New Friends, Old Friends Week - Best wisehs to all my friends in Twitterland 
Upload New Portfolio 
I am wearing my hat  .... and listening to The Jonas Brothers New Song - Paranoid !!!!!! 
New York in November? Just the two of us? Sounds like a plan! Count me in.  Little Mermaid on Broadway..hip hip hooray for us!  
@hthrb2 Yeah, I'm kinda sick of it now actually... He's not a very good singer, but he can really play the violin! New point record too 
@VVbrown Loving the New Song and Video VV very nice 
Blimey, the New York Times has tons of updates. Wish i was them 
wrapped up in reading New Moon 
@seankingston I L?ve Tha New Song,. 
http://twitpic.com/5d93m New Acrylick for the ladies available @ www.artnwater.com We've also lowered prices to help everyone out  Log on!
Is in New York City!!! 
I love New York Goes To Work 
Hahah New York Goes To Work is the best show. She literally just asked if the pigs on the farm were suppose to be at school.  shelby 
New hair today!!! Yea!!! 
Really would like to see Coraline soon plus maybe Synecdoche, New York afterwards...or before either is good  need some time 
New!  Warmth on demand.  http://www. klymit.com click on Klymit In Action to see how the  tech works.  &amp; welcome @klymit to twitter! 
is giving Real Housewives of New Jersey a try! 
About to go to my mom's house in Harlem to suprise her. She has no idea that I'm in New York; none of my family does. How exciting! 
New followers, thanks for following me. I really appreciate it  I followed you back as well. Have a great day!
New Song on www.MySpace.com/blaremanclure and www.blaremanclure.com please go and have a listen you might just like it 
@lizmoney did you read &quot;The Slaves of New York&quot;? 
New on Simply Blissful: I love holland  http://post.ly/ZgP
New Chapter of Back to Reality up NOW!! 
? is thinking that Dat New New (VIKING remix) is the best song ever.  http://tr.im/lAU9
@KristenjStewart Hey Kristen! Good luck for the New Moon and I'm looking forward to see the next saga! 
@mspt47 It looks like Target threw up on New York. Glad you got there safely and are out and about already. 
End of AIDS Walk New York 2009. 10km. Yay!  http://twitpic.com/5dijj
only two weeks left until summer vacay  New Smyrna Beach in 5 days 
@Shontelle_Layne U need to come up to New Rochelle &amp; see it in Imax at New Roc w yours truly! 
@rcketfuelcoffee Howdy to you from New England (US). Thanks for helping to keep the coffee forum spicy! 
@MarioSoulTruth Finally found you!..just wanna say Lovin what ur doin..ur so awesome! love all the way from welly, New Zealand i love u! 
SHINee's New Single &quot;Juliette&quot;: You were waiting for this. Especially all you noonas out there  ??? Juliet?? ?.. http://tinyurl.com/qosa97
@jillwhalen - HAHA!  Yes, apparently I am.  Philly tomorrow...headed to New York on Tuesday morning.  Then back home to Jax.  
So much new stuff when I get home. Water bed. New stereo system. New skis. Maybe new TV. And redoing my room 
@bellybeyond Wow, that was fast!  Obviously your New Idea gig has paid off 
@heavenh #Bidwell business. New video contest starting tomorrow. Look for it! 
@ChesterBe I can't wait New Divide.I can't wait message from Przemek. Fuck , day like this day I like the most 
New Username  JawbreakerXD ))
&quot;New Divide&quot; today! It should be available on Itunes at 8am EST. 
New Adium update! woot 
New Rule: if u drove a a 2 seater 2 the club, &amp; came wit a person of the same sex... Your Gay 
@CrazyMechanic I'm not from New Zealand... would LUV to go! Anyone there want me to come talk Social Media for results? 
Danielle and I wanted to try this twitter bird out, haha. New day, new possibilities. 
New picture is up on flickr!  Fun shot today 
Still trying to recuperate from my recent escapades in Boston and New York. I don't think I'll be doing much travel this summer.  G'nite
@ChesterBe can't wait for &quot;New Divide&quot; 
im gonna miss Cam in New Moon... hes amazing. 
Stressin bout finals this week, but at least when it's over... I'm headed to New York! 
Hey Joey!!  New Zealand, huh!?  That's so awesome!  Have a safe flight    Can't wait to see the amazing photos y'all take!!!
@rahelab Thanks Rahel! Site design is mine. New logo is the work of @desandro. Still have some...er-hum...#contentstrategy to work out. 
Only 185 more days until New Moon 
I definitely didnt just spend 6 hours reading and finishing New Moon and it's definitely not 530 am. 
@lrpw1302 New phones are exciting! Thank you! 
@MelissaJacobs23 I'm already planning that we all have to wear some kind of Twilight/New Moon shirt. 
New York is near. I see it already. 
Oh sweet New York. How I can't wait to see you. First time ever, baby! Too excited for this. Beatles to start the day! 
New day. Sorted my college stuff, cleaned my bedroom for the millionth time. Now I need to finish my coffee and go have a shower 
New record: Earned 20 DKK on my spam sites last week 
Wohoo! 12 &amp; 1/2 weeks to New York and 20 weeks to Edinburgh!!!  Spending my way through this recession.  Beats moping. 
will continue reading the book &quot;New Moon&quot; now 'coz it's really getting so exciting.  http://plurk.com/p/uj3nz
@eatswell New Haven and back?  Must be another Vanilla Ice meet &amp; greet.  
is getting ready to catch a 6:30am flight to New York and still savoring memories of a recent in-n-out 4x4 the other day! Yum! 
New Manics album is fuck-off good. I've missed the dense lyrics of Mr Edwards, Wire's stuff is okay but too comprehensible 
going to bed and going to download &quot;New Divide&quot; tomoz morn.  hope i get better....
wants to see the Rimmel pitch set up, and Sarah for lunch. New jeans first outing (early birthday present to self) 
@Beanz4life morning!!!! New default, cool 
@Podshock Here's my New Blog   http://bit.ly/X8Rsl
Good Mornig everyone !! Off today !! just relaxing with my boy and my BFF New tattoo 
New painting on Blog  http://bit.ly/jcSY
Ha! havent updates in 12 hours. New record. i find it funny, how people in USA are like Goodmorning and im going to sleep right now 
New work week. Ready for a 3 day weekend. 2.5 weeks til vacation 
Happy monday to all! I find myself  eager to get back to the office and bang out some work. Riding the Choo choo to New York 
Trying to survive. . . .        :l   . . .    New baby is healthy ! !   ! !  Still dont know what it is though . . . :/ . .
Home today! New York first, hoping I can keep this early rising habit!   Can't wait to hit the gym.  How to kill time before flight today?
One last spin through glorious New York City and then it's back to Blighty, my own bed, guitars, &amp; garden... Aaah. 
New blog will have lots of new goodies... If ne1 has more info on OTH related twitters, pls email me!!! thanks! 
New song ideas. Randomly walking through hallway and there lyrics pop up in my head     ~Cassidylk*
is... now scheduling New Patients for a complimentary exam!  And making people SMILE!!  
New batch of Macadamia Nuts syrup and white chocolate should arrive this week. 
@HilaryAnnDuff Or up to New York.  That's a long drive from down here. 
wants to be a photographer for the New York Times 
For my #musicmonday, Hypertronic Superstar by The New Cities 
New Blog Post: ? 5 Reasons to Visit Brazil ? http://travelandtrips.wordpress.com/ 
Dyed my hair blonde again for the spring!! Goodnight tweets... New blog post by tomorrow night 
@billt Mizpee has being going in New York for at least 3 years #letsmakeastartupbycopyinsomeyanks 
this paper is no joke! gr! i never wanna read the L.A times or New York Times again. lol. 70% finished 
Last day in AZ (IBM) Whr i hav been for 4 years,Mixed Feeling as i am gonna miss my buddies but hell yeah i am all ready for the New Role 
first movie stills of New Moon. Cool  http://bit.ly/1xsz0v /
Is apparently Lady Gaga and headed to the hell mouth with mo, larry and dumbass  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/dY0Z6w.t
New iPhone...hope Rogers offers upgrade to new device for us early adopters  Leaked specs are cutting 3G edge :-,
@GemGem86 @teamarse great! Im looking forward to Synedoche New York 
New followers thx 4 following me!  ily. I'll help mom out again 2morrow. Today has been awesomee. Not thinking of math test!!
Off to Auckland tomorrow4another slew of interviews!  Anythg good in New Market area, guys?Coffee, food, the weird and wonderful, etc.?
Awesome day meeting the folks at Habitat and Fernloft, and also New Urban Male 
New offices great, but can already see the waistline expanding, 5 mins from Peyton and Byrne naughtiness 
New Cryptic Crossword grid on The I-do-it Box (TIB#3 - Two starters essentially) http://tvcrosswords.wordpress.com/ Have fun solving 
Hey guys, New Theme up @ my site  - Comments appreciated http://ff.im/38GHR
just catching up on new New Moon news, where ever i can find it. 
@JimMacMillan I love New Zealand, I go there every 2 years, terrific place  Have fun
is twittin from New Yooorrrkkk on I-95 stuck in traffic... on tha laptop catchin that WiFi... hit me 
New blog post: News on a Daemon Adaption -  http://bit.ly/bpuwu. Could be excellent, so I'll cross my fingers 
@coldplayingHQ New Guy interview! http://bit.ly/XFFl0  
New server is on its way  Need some time to set everything up, but should be working in 1-2 weeks. Thanks for another donation!
Look slimmer instantly starting today! Yay that sounds pretty good doesn't it  New blog post: http://debfit.blogspot.com/
Toads Place - New Haven, CT TONIGHT! I Hope to see you there 
Listening to the new 65daysofstatic live album - Escape From New York. Very good. 
New menu... And Hannah is there! Congrats to Han about the new job!  Yahh! http://twitpic.com/5oqzp
@kiwimmigrator New technology all the time eh? Takes a bit of sorting. Have a good day. 
TGIF!! New beads in my Etsy store.   I love the raku sets, no fancy deco, just pretty glass  http://bit.ly/C2eYK
It's Fleet Week in New York - I remember being there back in '01...*sigh* 
Have booked my christmas holiday to New York - it's my first time and i'm dead excited!!! 
New purse for California and a cherry limeade! Good morning 
Also? New WW breakfast quesadillas are pretty decent! 4 points.   #weightwatchers
Rendering My New Video.. boom boom pow. 
New blog about FreeKibble by yours truly - takes 15 seconds to click and donate...free to you!  http://bit.ly/WOG7m
The New Leopard-spotted Bengal kittens are starting to walk now, lol!    http://BengalFrenzy.com
Morning to all my twitter friends! Hope everyone has a great day! It's gorgeous here in New England! 
New and Improved! Episode 2 of BeerCoasters is out! www.beercoasterspodcast.com or search for Beer Coasters in iTunes. 
wow. that was a long week-long vacation   New England Pirate Faire plans underway - Gloucester, MA June 20-21
Psst!! New post on http://bbdish.blogspot.com !! 
confession nr.2: I'm excited about the new Twilight movie, New Moon, the twilight saga are great books 
Mmmmmm, New York REAL bagels. 
@magicalmudge We are in New York; Michelle was at a lighting design seminar all week, and now I am here to distract her. 
just updating around 5 New Mangas  ( http://bit.ly/116NaB  )
just updating around 5 New Mangas  ( http://bit.ly/12UYY0  )
New ticket posted on my blog for the batt. Check to see if it's yours! 
New Albums up on Facebook!! More to come, but I gotta get some sleep 
Flying back to New Mexico tommorrow   Awe home I miss you!
@iaagustin Oooh good I don't feel so alone now!  I don't think I like this one...only watching it cause New York ended.
New York tomorrow. Broadway and wandering  sleepys soon. Feeling a lot better than earlier too.
Haha. I plan to meet a person that I play a star wars game with online in New York!  It shall be epic!
New Ep soon! And Video 
New video at http://socalbroadway.com Check it out, regardless if your a fan! 
@MovieSet  #Cannes  I blogged about your #Cannes experience yesterday.  New to all this. Safe journey home 
Think Linkin Park's new &quot;New Divide&quot; is going to be my summer song of 2009. 
Anyone who has ninja in their profile description and a photo of New York City as their background needs to be followed: @KentForest 
New level of the mall opens tomorrow...guess whos going!?! MEEEEE! And going to see angels and demons  Im so excited 
going to New York in 24 hrs. 
Sleeping. Forcing myself up early to take a run. New lifestyle starts in 4 hours 
New #lightroom and #photography blog post up: http://bit.ly/bv7gN with a new shot of Heidi, too 
@jordanknight If they are on twitter at all, they are following a New Kid! along with a bunch that haven't been to a concert!  MEEEEEEE!!!
@jordanknight Following only 1 New Kid? I' m following all of you  And I thing every NK-Lady on Twitter does 
#hobocast know what I love about Warhead &gt; New Jam? 25:52 in length... 
http://bit.ly/wGVcz  HELLO KEYHOLE! New Tshirt design 
I got some New apps on my iPhone, New Songs, and New App updates 
What am I most looking forward to right now? The fact that the first official New Moon trailer is going to be released on Sunday 
New in Town turned out to be a cute movie 
New on twitter. Hope it's pretty fun 
The New Moon trailer debuts on Sunday! What a great birthday gift! 
New York city for the night... My future home 
New Exclusive E3:09 Teaser for Mass_Effect 2 is up on gametrailers.(Definitely a must watch) http://bit.ly/v73e4 (Shephard isn't dead) 
New shop photos look fab! To do: Crop, edit, light, write, write, write, upload, POST! Don't you just love when you finally get there?  
finished Twilight.. now on to New Moon.. Pretty good so far. 
Chicago Tribune - New Trier High School officials want explanation for yearbook beer photo http://bit.ly/hbwf9 
New Exclusive E3:09 Teaser for Mass_Effect 2 is up on gametrailers.(Definitely a must watch) http://bit.ly/v73e4 (Shephard isn't dead) 
@myrika_fp I couldn't resist when I saw Robert Pattinson. They're shooting New Moon 5 min from my house.  Fangirls are raiding my town.
NEw friend requests 
Youve Got Mail  I love New York in the summertime
Ok everyone have a great night I'm headed to B.E,D its 2:16am in New York City good night or should i say good morning 
*New to Twitter, and missing my Joey!* 
Looking forward to the movie New Moon.I was just watching interviews about it and I can't wait for it to come out in November  
Read my blog achaxandra.blogspot.com; New Post 
@Jonasbrothers I just requested Paranoid on a New Zealand radio station! I hope they play it  They said they would!
New version of Tweetie (1.2.1) fixes the colour of selected tweets.  Now I officially have no complaints about it. 
Just finished New Moon! Stephenie Meyer thanked MCR for their music during her writer's block.  I wanna start the next book already!!!
New LJ entry my hatchlings grew up  http://tinyurl.com/mfbugm
Bayside and New Found Glory gig tommorrow night, London HMV Forum! Can't wait! 
@PaulaAbdul New York! I've been in New York twice and I wanna go back some day. I hope you enjoy your time there. 
New Ashley Tisdale Pics. http://bit.ly/hPorm via @addthis Wowsers. 
thinks life is grand! New flat (incl. very cute key with kitten), a bucket of purple paint, and not at least: Ticket for Tori Amos 21.09! 
@twilightersnet any thoughts on New Moon? i still did not get a chance to read the books. hope all is well  tweet dreams twilight!
New piglet futures on Eurex D: Hopefully so people can lock in a price for cute, intelligent pets in a few months 
New Here 
New rules say 1 #followfriday &quot;pimping&quot; per tweet. So this week I'm going for @beansbox , great Web design studio in HK 
