Most common words for this cluster:
[('night', 416), ('tomorrow', 29), ('museum', 21), ('time', 21), ('day', 17), ('im', 14), ('lol', 14), ('sleep', 13), ('work', 13), ('na', 13), ('lt', 12), ('tonight', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Night', 0.9973991513252258), (u'Nights', 0.7011562585830688), (u'NIght', 0.6737806797027588), (u'Movie_Matinee', 0.5845507979393005), (u'Matinee', 0.5631372928619385), (u'Spooktacular_Halloween', 0.5565420389175415), (u'Neighbourhood_Mixtape', 0.551058292388916), (u'Sunday_Funday', 0.5453639030456543), (u'Nite', 0.5435616374015808), (u'Weekend', 0.5426844358444214)]





The internet is hating me. Night i s'pose. 
@swiftkaratechop STOP NOMNOMS!!!! ..you didn't share!  Night peoples!!
Gnite twitter world..long day tomorrow. Night class till 10pm 
writing a lit essay on The Night of the Iguana! 
so stressed out, I'm breaking out  Night twitter land.
Finally crashing. I still feel horrible  hopefully ill feel better tomorroww. Night kids &lt;3
Watching Tonight's the Night on iplayer.....I should have been on it 
Going to go sit in the lounge room, watch tv, watch the sunrise in the backyard then call Katie. Night to all who can sleep, feel special 
Dangit twitter, im still up, should be sleeping now i got 4 hours till i wake up  gunna be sleepy at school.. Night fo real this time xoxo
Ohh, mummy is shutting down the puter. I guess that means I have to go  Night to you @morriscat!
Ahh I'm off to bed tweetledees ? (Err dunno where that came from). It's really cold and I'm not gonna wanna get up tomoro   Night!!  brrrr
Done with studying for the night. Only to wake up in a few hours to start all over  Night tweeps
@JosephDexter i love it ! Night life and the music scene is always poppin. The rds sux tho i ended up gettin a flat tire 
Night out, never happened 
Rawr, long day.. Night thing at work again 
Night night. It's raining outside though 
Getting ready for bed.  Laptop still dead.  Night tweets!
Getting worse so I'm just going 2 bed. Night 
OK the end was sweet, just predictable  Night Peeps
I need to detox myself from watching 30 Days of Night. Scared shitless of the dark now. 
I didn't finish my chinese homework  ill do it in the morning. Night.
AND I just got off the phone - long convo with the one who got away - wish there was a way to tame that one.  Night all
Night tweets  mexie i miss you.
Another Saturday Night and I in't got nobody.. 
My tummy hurts  going to bed! Night Yall. http://tinyurl.com/qmhpc2
Sooo tired..the earthquake scared the bagangalloos out meh  gahh skoo 2marrow fml!!..have a good day 2 err one else. Night night&lt;/3
So, I'm waking up at eight. I promised.  I'll dive into Anthropology, and then I'll tackle some creative writing. How's that sound? Night!
@Gen22 Night you owner-of-hair-color-I-want. And *ass smacks you* since she misses @kingdomguard: queen ass-smacker. 
I'm hurt... I wonder why I try sometimes.  One day I'll learn... Night.
Alright going to bed now... Hopefully tomorrow will be better, Night 
Night. Couldn't finish we are marshall 
Going 2 bed .. since I'm getting no Love on here  G*Night yall
@rizzle_d We might not get Movie Night this week.  Unless it's like really early in the morning for you, lol.
Jus back after watching Night at a Museum 2......would rate it 5 on 10 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5kahh - omg i read Night in english class! so sad 
at home. didn't see the Bloody movie, full booked  but Night at the museum was fun though.
I'm being so whiny right now I'm annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after Movie Night kid-sitting
I wish Saturday Night Fever was on again! I couldn't stay up lastnite for the whole thing 
Going to bed now I'm so tierd and I have work at 1pm till 6  Night everyone &lt;33
@sallene I may still be up at 6.  Night!
@holmesash PoP Night misses your presence. 
Heading to bed, sorry for no updates today.  Night all.
@citizendan I was up at 4am groaning at the sun if that counts? Night shifts FTL 
watching Late Night ...man, i could have been there! 
gotta get to bed gonna go 2 a 7 hour long convention wit the church fam at 10 tomorrow, man im gnna b sleey  Night twitterz
Going to sleep! Night tweeples... And I still ain't reach 2000 
It seems the girl of my dreams has found the boy of her dreams.  alright, I'd better go to bed. Night you two.
6 hours til I have to be awake for leg one of E3 09. Night all 
Watching nursery rhymes on youtube..thats the sad story of my Saturday Night 
Home, showered, pissed but better now. Night must have been better if he came  watching grey's!
im going to sleep no1 wants 2 talk 2 me  @jojo_thani is insane and @zapamna is a sleep.. G-Night! WORLD!
@Alaerys I'ma go bed now cos it's 12.30am and I gotta drive billions of miles tomoz  *smishes you* Night sweetie xxx
I need RL friends with young children  Night all
@billbeckett ooh       ... until another Saturday Night!
Twitters being lame so I'm done!   Night!
Eatin wheat thins...&amp; readin a book.....hoping i will fall asleep soon. 2Night was....not the best. 
Night at the museum was hilarious but sadly i did not watch the ending. 
@chasingsafety8 i have most of that album actually. But not that song.  i'll download! Night!
@kimcchung I know  ... ps. I miss u. U should just come on Saturday Night!!
Night all - might as well sign off 
@freebird795  Right, time I was off, Hospital in the morning  Night hon, sleep well x
Right school tomorrow  so off to sleep! Night all! X
Going to bed now, cba with more maths. I am EXHAUSTED  Night night xx
Right, well my head hurts, and now my side hurts again.  So i is off to bed. Night all. xxxxxxx
ahhh my tummy hurts!! I think i ate a little too much at the b-day party..lol so upsetting  Night Night my twitter bugs!!
Is going to bed...so much for an early night  I'm going to need major coffee in the morning. Night world...see u again in 6 hours...boo!
Off to bed 2 face reality tomorrow also knwn as work  Night to all! Aayy ayy!
I can't keep my eyes open anymore to read  I must go to sleep. Night xo
Passing out, sorry @mmckayylaa bby  butttt you never texted back so PSHT. Night lovelies &lt;3
@xcornejo   Yea I know that poor bug...you just smashed it  LOL jk. Night!
Night at the museum 2 is not nice  I prefer the first one
Night again  trying not to remember
Ahh, I hope I can fix my body clock before enrollment day.  Late time to sleep, but I shall try! Night-o folks!
@lemziipie And me I hopes ;D Haha, yeah, sorry for not being on alot tonight  Talk to you tomorrow though, promise ;D Night! xx
gave up half wat through watching ghost as my head hurts. Night my 3 followers.. haha how sad i need more 
Calling it a day ! going to rest sore eyes &amp; purge this miserable day from memory !  Night all ! CFN!
Not feeling good  gonna rest some.. Night tweeties
Going to bed..hopefully this headache will go away   Night xx
Headed to bed check out www.wearetde.com!! Night people Another big test tomorrow 
@idlemichael I haven't had chance to play Night at the Museum 2 yet though so would feel bad 
this little tweeter's going to bed!!  Night night tweetlings, have a nice day/night!!  more study for me in the morning..... 
@JessObsess Aww sweet! I'll be looking out for it then (: I'm gonna go to bed now, I has school in the morning  Night! &lt;3
I think i need to go to bed so i can avoid being sick for 2 months again...  Night world
sad thing is im only gonna get 5 hours of sleep.  Night tweeters
Going to bed now...  Night all!
@hale_yes_xXx  stupid computer Nighty Night sweet dreams I'll see u tomorrow night when I kidnap you can't wait
doesn't like Night at The Museum 2 
so busy/stressed/tired.  Night twitterworld. I'll leave you with: control yourself, take only what you need from it.
@Holleybee I feel left out not working at 10:30. I don't start till 12.  Night night!
@akempgerstel you dont have Night at the Museum 
Why is it that people act like 12 year olds with other people? The Night was going fine till now 
Crawling into bed. Night tweethearts &lt;3 my knee is bothering me 
@lemongeneration great too!! but i miss kage fucking hard!!  Night!!sweet dreams!
It's 2am. I gotta sleep if not my parents would kill me. Night! 
Babysitting! On A Saturday Night! 
Longg Night  . . . . I hate mosquitoes . . . trying to finish up an English paper on Infidelity...I think i prefer the mosquitoes now...
Calling it a night...Out..of...gas   Next weekend I will go out, drink, dance, have fun &amp; more drinks! Haha Night twitter-peeps!
couldn't get the video to upload &amp; is to drained. www.CierraJ.com. Night Night. Blessings 
couldn't get the video to upload &amp; is too* drained. www.CierraJ.com. Night Night. Blessings 
Going to bed. So tired  &lt;3 Night!
I'm exhausted. Movie just ended and I have to be up in like 6 hours  Night.
Night ended early  ut was still fun though!!
@nikkanejudne miss you too, niks! june 12th is JREV Night, correct? too bad i can't come 
I have officially been ordered to bed  Night everyone! Thanks for the chat @ReneeBarber &amp; @tealou catch ya later today 
My dermals are achey  bed time, then up early for leons! Night twitterland!
Going to bed, no closer to understanding Twitter   Night x
A bad Night for us 
(cont)  to top it all off, i'm not allowed to go see miley. Woo. Night. xox
I suppose ide betta get my butt in bed... lets hope i snooze quik enough.. Night time baby me.. dont know how im gunna sleep at this time 
Not a great night to be alone.  Night twitterverse
So I'm kinda sad  Night.
Appointment at 3 pm tomorrow. Going to try to go to sleep even though I cant use my ipod because its charging right now.  Night all. x.
Didnt see the moon tonight.  guess im going to bed. Night everyone, sweet dreams. oh, p.s... 7.7.09 #teamftsk
Night Kittnny! it's like 4:06 am here but i could sleep 
@beimaejor  something u would say lmao. Night
Ayer vi Night at the Museum 2, y es una porqueria. 
going to bed, i feel so sick!  Night xx
I would like to see Night at the Museum 2 and have yet to make that happen. No one wants to go with me. 
She'll be staying the Night though 
goin to bed now.work tomorrow  !! Trying to DreaM from Neverland again i do believe in fairys i do i do !!! Night ya'll
time for some #zzz's work be early tomorrow  Night all!
@matthewstaylor now I'm resorting to watching Night at the Museum #1 in a charging station...woohoo 
Prom Night is so sad. 
@she_shines92  Aww. Night babe. *hugs back*
@ILuVMikey omg lol i member theM LAte Night 3 way calls lol awwww  lol hahahaha  we got history lol
Going to bed. Night. 
Woah, extremely dissappointed  Night.
Knew it was too good to be true.   Night tweeters!
Off to bed now, up in 6 hours!  Night. 
@Veronique32 Night girlie. I wish you could have joined the party. 
Ugh...Night #4 with vitualy no sleep! 
Night night , headache  x
@princessroro I have decided to never set foot in Alaska, aside from the cold, because of the scary vampires from 30 Days Of Night!!! 
I feel bad, so i should go to sleep.  Night y'all twitters!:* muak
@izahblack Honey! you're leaving?   Night, sweet purple dreams. *hugs &amp; kisses* x
All set to go see Moon tonight, and it turns out to be a limited release.  Not coming to a theater near me.  Night w/o kids WASTED. 
TIRED TIRED! Sleepy time, work at 11am til 10pm  Night all. xo
TIRED TIRED! Sleepy time, work at 11am til 10pm  Night all. xo
@funnybunnytoes PS-I'm very mad about missing 90's Trivia Night...stupid prepping for party! 
Website not done yet  tomorrow...I promise. Night! I have to be up early for P90X
@thefunkycowgirl @BrittanyGreer5  Night ladies, wish me luck. 10 bucks he ends up in our bed 
@JodeeR He had been sleeping really well, but lately has been waking every couple nights. Night terrors I think. 
have to go 2 the docters  but at least i can read Night World while im waiting!!!!!!!!! &lt;3
I just downloaded Night at the Museum 2, and it was in Spanish 
i miss my closest friends.  okay, gonna sleep now. Night everyone )
Night all, tired 
Off 2bed as im up 4work in 3.5 hours!  Night twitter!
Night going pretty quickly...but...missin my posseeeee       @meghanchavalier @roblynam @davidcunt
Now it's the damn service in the basement!  Night y'all @hexenwulf, @thisisbree, @glinax!
I just want this whole feeling to go away! You all will never know what I have seen  Night! :/
What a day for me  Problems with extension of our air tickets, plenty of talks with Silkair and stuff.. Night should come early today!
ahh im marved. smh. . time to force myself to sleep then  . Night twitter ville
ahhhh i feel sick  ughhh. gonna take medicine, say my prayers, then sleep it off... Gooood Night Twigguhhhs lol. &lt;3
Watching The Dark Night!  damn good movie. Not the best date to watch it.
@stu_cassels Night shift? I watch it without fail, every single year. I know I'm a mug but I still love it 
@Kingnick3721, awwhh thanks for the text i got no credit!  so i came back! Night baby. &amp; yeah i got so stoned today i monged out for ages
Off to bed now.. Up at 7 for work tomorow   Jailbreak for windows better be out soon  i cant wait any longer!!  Night Night Twittaz 
i don't if i'm going to be allowed to go to Poetry Night, darn it!  i was so stoked!
Right I definatly am going to bed now I've finished watching vids! Night all  x
feeling sick  bad bad. Nighty Night buddys and followers! xX
@DonnieWahlberg I was 30 minutes later with the Night  But it's kool this way i get the last one and the better one hehe Twugs and Kisses!
Feeling kinda depressed now...Night 
Night night  my toee really hurtss
is not looking foward t th Night Hike  !!
Why must it rain now of all evenings? Plans to go Night Safri cannot be materialised today  *sulks*
Oh no!!! I slept through Martha Night!!! 
Being forced to go to Night at the Museum 
Night night hope I can sleep don't feel well that's y i'm goin 2 bed so early 
Opening Night for the Ems.  I miss Oregon 
So, rain is keeping me awake, and making me doubt the chances of a bbq tomorrow  hehe. Night peeps. http://myloc.me/4K3i
Night two ruined. 
Night ended early  Sean and i both got sick WTF?! o well i am really happy i got to see him
I hate ends of the mnths  Night, world.
Having a panic attack - going to sleep - working 11:00 to 8:00 today.  Night all
going mimis now. it was a pretty good sunday. Night world. like anyone cares. i have no followers. 
What.A.Night!!!!!! I remembered to tweet but i got no connection then my phone died  But maaaaan was so amazing! And peter kay was there!!
@Lynnloca still no NTT Lynnie  looks like we're gonna have to wait for another night. I would've guessed it for you, fo sho! V out! Night
Disappointed with Harper's island. Night, gotta wake up early tmr 
Eurgh... Nights are drawing in then... 
Night Night!! I must sleep now, crappy work again tomorrow 
hmmm off to my bed.... hate being ill  hope i get to sleep. Night!!
thinks it about time for bed - have to be up early tommorw  Night!
No1 is on here  what a dreadful shame.. Night Night
Horrible nightmare last night  hope I don't have it again. It's to bright in my room and I'm tired and want to sleep. Night xo.
Shit end to the dayy, forced to get off my laptop, Night 
 my goldfish died. I'll bury him tomorrow morning. Night.
Heading to dulles for a l nighter. Night work is great..ugh 
Off to bed! Night people. 
Watching Serendipity on the phone then sleeep! Night. 
ah...another day done...time for bed, gotta do it all over again tomorrow!  Night night ya'll!
DONE dun dun.  I guess we're getting off the computadora. Night.
@chrisfreeman LOL I'm following u now too! Night new friiiend! 
@laenij we're going shopping tomorrow, apparently! Yay, food!  Night hun 
off to bed, had a long day but good overall. Night 
Is Absolutely Cream Crackered  Night Night All 
Going to go to bed now  Night night my beauts, love to you all!! xxxxx
Home from my double date dinner movie thing  Night &lt;3
@lovemy4sons Night... 
All right. i'm gonna get off. I still gotta take a shower and my back hurts. Night peeps 
Night twittys off to dream bout hubby 
I meant hop over not hope voer.....but I'm a complete and total douche bag so yup.  Night everyone. *wink*...IDK what the wink was for..
Just got home. Tonight was amazing. =D I should hang out with cute boys more often&lt;3 srsly.  Night!
Yeaaahh, i think i did enough tweet-ing for the night, time for bed! Night boys &amp; girls 
Heading to bed.. Night tweeps 
Ever wonderd what a Gypsy Night looked like?  http://tinyurl.com/daxu8g   
Night guys. It's like 3:30 and I think I want to sleep a little. 
I'm A sleepy panda. Night tards. 
Night night twitter..... Until we tweet again. 
@JonathanRKnight LOL healthy meal! Night gorgeous! 
Night everybody!! 
Night 2 - so far so good 
I am so tired, but I just couldn't put Beteayed down It was just too damn good. Night all. 
Alright, for real now, to bed! Night 
@Rachealblack110 Night 
going to bed, Night 
Night bby i love you 
I'm gunna go 2 bed yup its been a long day &amp; I'm tired so Night Y'all Night Twitters 
All the twitterers make me happy tonight! What a friendly community.... Night 
@ktjlarsen Your list will grow over time, no worries.  Better to have a few good friends than a million strangers.  Night!
Has had a long day and is going to bed.  Night all 
Before I go to sleep. A pic of my girly for all my tweet homies to see  Night crew!  http://twitpic.com/3pbex
Going to bed now...I do have class tomorrow after all!!   Night people!
Just got back to the hotel. Sooo tired. Night! 
lol, just got home from walmart, late night junkfood run  Night
going to phily tomorrow morning so getting some sleep before. Night night tweeters! 
I'ma go 2 sleep..I guess. Night. 
is wide awake but going to try and get some sleep. Night 
@wishdreamhope Night... 
@thebraysmommy Night... 
I can still remember the amazing fish prepared by my mom at lunch today... just got back from capture the flag tonight... Tired... Night 
Okey dokey. I didn't think being this bored would convince me to go to sleep but I guess I have no choice... Night yall 
wow I did take a nap...I feel like I missed something.....but I didnt   Night Twits!!
@xoMusicLoverxo if I was talking to you, I'd tell you good night.  Haha. Night, J. 
@scottrmcgrew *flying cartwheel somersault tackle HUGS* Night big brother! 
@mandiebear *hugs* You're the best! Night lil sister! 
Seriously jst woke up and really had to go to the bathroom.. I hate when I wake up in the mid. of the night. Yawnnn.. back to bed! Night 
im on late i know just stoppen in im off tho to eat and play my sims  Night Twitterville
Guess I better go to bed cause I have to get up at a semi decent hour. Night errbody 
Sleeeeep. I think.  Night. Kisses everyone.
@heykim Night Be good or not 
So bored I'm resorting to hairspray to bore me to sleep. Night all. Love u babe!! 
@drjoesDIYhealth Night 
finished the book Night, it was really good.. now i need to get workin on my essay 
@DrummerFrek tomorrow then. Night! 
I'm going to pass out now. Night! 
Heading out with Son # 3 and hanging with the horses for a bit. Night! 
@Dais4NYCCouncil Night Night 
@CarePathways nice chatting! Night 
Yes, I'm going to bed  Night!
@SelvinOrtiz Night Selvin 
K im going to bed Night twitter-land i shall return in the morning  xx
is going to bed! Night! 
im going to sleep. Taping the rest of headbangers. Night all  I hope I have a comment from Hughie in the morning 
@bennylicious Night 
everyone check out Regret Night!! 
Now off to dreamland for me. Night 
Night all, I am beat 
Going to bed. Night everyone 
@TheRealLovelyD Night Jeanine 
I love the way I feel after doing work.  Now I am feeling tired and 5am comes fast so I will shower and sleep.  Night everyone 
Off to bed to have sweet dreams. Night all!  &lt;3
@JuicyStory I know  we tried !! Night babe xo
Finally home. Such a great/memorable weekend. Night 
Night guys going to bed 
@khali_blache Night! Doze well. 
yeah so Prom Night is now the Craft (good movie) 
Going to have one last cig, then head to bed. Night Tweeters. 
@meanlion Night! 
Drinking tea and eating choc chip cookies. Going to head to sleep soon! Night all 
'k, going to curl up and watch random mind-numbing DVD in hopes that rest will cure runny nose. Night folks 
JONAS rocked tonight!  going to bed after I write a lil bit... Night and bless all 
Getting some sleep. Stuff with the family and a ton of homework tomorrow. Night 
To bed I go   Nighty Night
@hxcfairy No wonder we're married.   Night love. &lt;3
off to bed, I will have pics of the newly finished hat in the afternoon! yea its all done  Night yall!
Spending the Night at lightner's crib. 
Night all!! i'm trying to get to bed early for once...well as early as 1:40 can be for a normal person... 
Finally getting to bed! Night tweeples 
@NinjaFanpire Anytime! I'm off ~ I can't match your stamina... my nice, warm, comfy bed is calling (screaming) my name...lol Night Ninja! 
Hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! Night all 
Made it home..Night my twitties 
will do it  in a  couple od days , when I have  more time.,  for  now  I   need to  get some sleep. Night Night  All.  Peace.!!!!  
Finally home after 837438329 detours... construction can suck my left tit. Night, xox 
felt like a politician today. KO to bed!! Night! 
@jadennation's show was amazing like always! Stayed up for him - he better be happy! Night all  x
@justjen97 You be tiehaed, dahlin. I'm gonna go see what weird shit I write while under the influence, LOL. Night!  
can't wait for Grad Night 
@james_a_michael Night hon! Catchya tomorrow! 
If I stare at the computer wallpaper long enough, will he jump out??? Dreaming of hot men..... Night twitteritlings 
@HappiForever lol! Silly kitties! Night! 
Off to bed. that 4 am wake up call from the baby -ot the dog- comes pretty early! Night all  http://twitpic.com/50too
Night tweeterites and have a good one... 
Nighty Night &lt;3 work tomorrow @11,Blahhhh 
Off to dream land! Night dolls! Xoxoxoxo 
Yes! Finally ready to sleep  I leave you with this, a must watch: http://tinyurl.com/r9lg25 Night!!
Signing off friends ... be blessed and thankful for yet another wonderful day of life!   Night, or rather, morning!  LOL ;-)
Hush hush.. keep it down now.. Voices carry...  10+ if u know it  Night Night Twitterverse
Haha i slept for 8 hours today and now it's almost 5 n i can't go to sleep. I'm gonna force myself to sleep now.... Night night. 
@NuellePena glad u arrived safely. Night night time for you 
has to give her thoughts a rest. www.CierraJ.com! Night Night. Blessings 
I made a box today Haha. Night 
Just had the best ranch blt from mcdonalds!  Nighty Night...
@glamourdolleyes awesome, we can talk more about it tomorrow! I'm excited  going to bed. Night Vanessa &lt;3
@SillyPhylly Night! 
Night Twit'focas 
About to go 2 sleep... Night , night! 
Night Tweeties 
Good Night Night sweetness 
@bookwormautumn Night to you too 
is going to hit the hay. Night, tweeps! 
Watching Night at the museam.im such a kid 
@Rsltruly I'm gonna get off the computer for the night, I'll cya tomorrow  &lt;33 Night! &lt;3
Turning in early. Night 
Snugglin wif my doggyy. Night  xoxo
Finally made it home after a night full of laughs n good nights, welp time 2 take it down..Nighty-Night 
@AshleyBoo Night hon! 
@Bones_Fans Thanks! You too! Night! 
@johnnapierce do it!  see ya next weekend! Tweet ya later! Night!
@LizJ23 I sleep with six pillows and I love it! Night night. 
@BassReyBass Night!! 
awesome concert @ sb bowl, but the hippies in sb are rude! There's no place like home! Night twitters 
is going to go to bedy bye. So sleepy! Nighty Night 
http://bit.ly/eVqmt  for you @PegasusAngel  Night all!
Night twitter'ers tty 2morrow! 
Going to bed!  Night tweeters 
wants to watch Night at the Museum 2 and Angels and Demons! 
@tpr2 Obviously I meant &quot;can't finish one site&quot;. Wifey just came and told me (ie: ordered) time to sign off  Night!
Grad Night tonight.......!!!!!!!!   cant wait to start getting ready!!!!!  session on!! ;)
Night twitter @ViciousPotato 
@eoshipper4ever We will have to organize something.. Like a time and phrase to mass tweet!! I'll sleep on it .. Night 
I'm going offline. Night for me tweets 
@MacZombieRawr Join the club.  Night.
Night tweet-a-leets  I have to find salim now !
The school week is over and it's Quiz Night! A good excuse to hang out with friends!! 
@realrebelchild I am, I am    Night  
Is going to bed.. Night 
Night my tweets 
@Wossy who has been the best guest on 'Friday Night...' ever? 
Getting ready to watch Night at the Museum 2... 
Realy tired. trying to fall asleep but failing so far. I thought Night at the Museum was cute 
I'm pretty tired.. Night twitterbugs 
Morninggg all  toast and tea for brekfast. Night in the museum 2 later. I'm really excited, how sad ;)
just got home...... watched Night at the Museum 2 
Just watched Night at the Museum 2 with my mom. It was really good! 
The Night at the Museum 2 is fun and funny 
@giasierra hey mamacita how are you? ok well let me know wussup when you find out cause im leaving friday Night... call me 
is gunning for a real Date Night tonight! 
Night every one 
Worn out &amp; down...maybe I ought to give up those 6 am workouts for the next 3 weeks, OR maybe I should just go to bed!! Night 
@sirpedro83 I'm going to bed sunshine! Text me tomorrow! Night.  http://myloc.me/1MCb
@JohnLloydTaylor what did you go see? i saw Night a tthe Museum 2 las tnight. Loved the song  Night
Much more relaxed and comforted.  feeling mellow  Night world!
i have the most amazing boyfriend  *sigh* Until tomorrow tweeters. Night.
Had a fun night with MY LOVE...  Night. Night.
I am off to bed im tired i need sleep! Night folks! 
turning in for real this time.  Night all  
I actually really wanted to sing for tonight's Expressions Night. But I'm glad my Geo's art was present 
@kalaluv Thank you  Night!
Night Night see you tomorrow 
@Terrises @DeidreKnight well, thank you, ladies--and I'm out for some serious word count now. Night and hugs 
I'm tired so... I think I'm going to bed.  Night!
had fun hanging out with the girls...now it's time to get a little beauty sleep-I mean for Zelda of course!  Night all!
@aSaladADay thanks...Night 
I'm on meds. I'm drunk. And kind of mad. But happy that I got a better job, &amp; that i'm laying on my wonderful bed now.  Night.
@RyanSeacrest Night, Ryan 
Finally going to get some rest.  Night twittle stars!
Skins irritated, it's pissing me off, hope I can sleep tonight. Night! 
totally looking forward to my adventure day with @elissaislegit tomorrow  Lakers, Zac, the hood, SAYWHHA!?!?! &lt;33 Night kidzz.
Really??  Night hun! @ChadBeatz
@cherryrock Night, 'till tomorrow 
@lovehound Night! 
It feels good to be back in my own bed. Hotels just aren't the same. Night. 
In bed  thank you guys for coming to my lil bday shindig! Night tweethearts.
*runs off to try it*   ....... Night Y'all, sweetest dreams to you.  (yeah, YOU)
is back from the theater. A Night at the Museum 2 was hilarious. loved it.  http://plurk.com/p/x0vzs
