Most common words for this cluster:
[('night', 959), ('lol', 17), ('haha', 14), ('amp', 9), ('x', 8), ('u', 8), ('http', 6), ('com', 5), ('fixreplies', 5), ('nights', 4), ('wow', 4), ('didnt', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'night', 0.9999992251396179), (u'evening', 0.8094310164451599), (u'afternoon', 0.7074472904205322), (u'nights', 0.6703316569328308), (u'Saturday', 0.6504031419754028), (u'morning', 0.6454855799674988), (u'tonight', 0.613631546497345), (u'Sunday', 0.595687747001648), (u'weekend', 0.5793229341506958), (u'Friday', 0.5688182711601257)]





@haylieofficial every night 
@phillColeman I had it as low as 3.5 last night 
Really missed you last night 
I'm really sleepy because I couldn't sleep last night 
Couldn't get twitter to work last night 
had an interesting night to say the least 
@theVIPERroom ahhh i was just there sunday night! 
I hate going to bed alone at night 
 at last night 
@cheatxxdeath I know. Brian said we'd go together! He went without me  And I didn't have a very good night.
@AveryEmma I made it to 11:50 last night  and then I talked lol I suck..
@andrewjaz i'm so sad we all got separated last night 
mehhhhhh...fed up! might just trot off to bed... night 
gah I'm tired Last night got me like this  But It was a great night though XD
@cdalston85 I wish I was too...it's been an interesting night 
@claudiagmodel i got soaked last night  it stopped raining
getting ready for bed after a long night of not feeling well 
I feel like that every night 
Aw fuck - this night ended badly 
this is what i get for being up all night. 
Long night last night haha absolute shattered 
So tired....didn't sleep that well last night 
missed @amyinohio @shannonb @momminitup &amp; @oamcortney at last night's #bigdealmoms meet up 
@LincolnChan nowhere  hoping it will come soon! haha to rain at night is the best
@damianstweet where were you last night! It was awesome as always! 
nursing a late night out. 
Molly lost her ipod touch last night,  !
 it's really really hot. good night twittererrs.
up all night 
@TonyWade That's not what you told me the other night. 
has been up all night 
is alone all night 
Couldn't sleep very well last night 
Why was it so incredibly hot last night? 
I bet you. I'm not going to sleep to night. 
up early....not a good night 
@kyriDMB why did I go to bed so late last night?!! 
Now I am quite sure that I had fever last night.. and still have it 
i can't sleep at night anymore!! what's wrong with me?! 
@mikelmonroe: good night you fell asleep on me 
@DeejayDeanna but i work thursday night when it starts so i will miss it that night 
@jspacej you suck  the night i could go out 
@#odna I think I'm out for the night 
didn't have a good night 
is not having the best night 
this has been a very painful night 
Long night. 
Is having a sad night 
@VanessaM77  what happened late last night? I was sleeping 
i'm so glad i froze last night &amp; i woke up and already have a headacheee 
@JustJen47 sorry I missed you last night!  
I couldn't sleep last night. It was horrible. 
@thegoldlion not sure, i'll text you! last night was not long enough. 
@MissBinaa girrl! what happened 2 u last night?!?!  i missed u 
@blovitt going in earlier and staying the night. 
off to bed to watch some telly and then early night I think - stinking cold 
I don't want to love you anymore.. it's killing me not being with you.. I lie awake every night missing you.. I hate this..  I really do..
My night was horrible 
this night did not work out like I wanted it to. bummer 
good night all.... 
 My puupy is still in hospital  I was crying soo much last night for him &lt;3
got sad last night, I hate that 
@skooo That is not good   How was your night out?
couldn't sleep last night. now too sleepy to go to church 
@jovenatheart my dermals fell out last night 
Tired as fuckkk long night 
@ktcronier have fun! we missed you last night 
I think im going to be pulling a late night to finish this 
slept wrong the other night and now my next is all stiff 
night going to bed early tonight! I'm so tired 
Having a rough night 
FFFFF. What a terrible night 
going to do somework good night tweetheads 
why cant i just stay asleep all night long....constantly waking up all night long 
Studying alllllll night long 
@oTotallyUniqueo What was wrong last night? 
backkkk, such a bad night 
it's starting to get chillier late at night... I realized that it makes me joints ache... 
@FunkyKiwi not possible right now  won't able to go to slee until late night.
@ramenberry I am watching too ...slow night 
Ughhhhhhhhhhh my night is ruined. 
@BreeOlson9 sounds like a hard night 
http://twitpic.com/4wcrs - yes, that's me from last night 
@ChelseaG83 AH!! i didn't know it was last night! 
 still mad tired from last night
Going to bed... last night in BsAs  ...
Going to be a longggg night. 
just ruined codys night 
I think this will be another night without sleeping 
unfortunately not my last night here 
Last night at the 7207 
Is up at stupid 4:30 again. grrrrr. So much for sleeping through the night. 
@MamaPhan awwww, i missed it!  i passed out around 10 last night 
just wanted a good night out... 
studying and packing all night. can't believe its over 
going to bed all alone  @aphony is in plainfield for the night.
I hate that I can't fall asleep at night 
@Shnooky303  well she did get out of the hosptial last night but still
really tired... I didn't sleep at all last night 
@fstop23 ge'ez another night wo fstop 
last night with the friendsss 
I'm off for the night. 
@CXXG  good night!  #fixreplies #twitterfail #fixreplies #twitterfail #fixreplies #twitterfail #fixreplies #twitterfail #fixreplies
@roxiface aww I'm sorry you're having a bad night 
Why do I always get so hot at night 
is hungover  but had a good night
Morning always comes too early... Especially when you toss and turn all night!  
Oh lawd I'm paying for last night 
I am not having a very fun night 
@jeremylenzo Aw, why weren't you guys there last night. 
such a nice night but here i am studing  mmkayyy
@chelibasa You should've come to us last night! 
Bad night, absolutely exhausted  but...seaside!
calling it a night 
But it rained there every night. 
@CASSANDRAPANTS  really wish you were spending your last night with me too. when are you back 
what a night..  i thought everything will be olryt..
getting a little lonely tucking myself in at night 
@Pamluther I couldn't sleep the whole night   ...
@MissJahan there are to many of you to follow it will take me all night!  i can still talk to you
getting ready to go out to karaoke night not looking farward to singing 
@DannyKid1045 I'm only listening if I get some nkotb,I missed them last night 
trying to feel better, stayed out too late last night.  
@dtega07 hey...sorry about not being in chat last night, i fell asleep  lol
last night I slept late.. so.. =D i've just woken up!! .. is so embarrassing  .. 
I'll have to work all night 
Oh wow that was scarey  good night.
It feels like it's only 8, this is going to be another long night 
had a really shit nights sleep last night 
@psychicsarah Some of us had to go out last night and haven't seen it yet 
watching the unloved recorded from last night. its sad already 
hasn't slept all night. I don't know what's wrong with me 
how did i get home last night?.............................. 
Couldn't sleep last night. 
@CHRISDJMOYLES I certainly wasn't...felt poorly sick all last night 
Rough night...can't sleep 
I have been tossing and turning ALL night 
@LouKashNYC sorry to break it to you but the weekened ended last night 
to end the night 
lol too bad i'm poor. i'm staying up all night 
@jameeleighty81 I can't believe you stayed in bed all night and didn't come to work  LOL
No!!!!! I recorder it last night, lol O well, will still watch it tho.  X
Why does it have to rain at night when we sleep?  
it's 6:43 and i'm awake. dislike.  what an awful night. 
Wishing I'd gotten more sleep last night... 
@emmac14: i wanted to last night 
@devonpalmer It's not been open yet    Just went by last night and it's still closed..
@ashlovesLA i forgot to dvr it last night so i'm missing it 
@iEllie I called you last night. you didn't answer 
having such a horrible night...all i want to do is talk to you...guess you don't feel the same 
studddddddddddddddddingggg alll night again 
@Xris_ sorry you had a bad night 
I'm so sick of being lonely at night in my bed  I need some DryIceCanKill
I'm still so hung over from that phenagrin(is that how you spell it?) last night 
@jaclynjacks  yeah i was there sunday. i got there around 5:45 thinking that it'd be going on all night and it was over at 6 
I had a really emotional night. I don't want this to happen. 
 I miss being held at night.
@MaureenMikel sounds like a rough night. 
@KristiBice  just lonely to night  lol 
Another night of not sleeping 
@LATINQUEEN83 They ended up staying late  But how was ur night?? LOL
@wrhunt and what did you do last night, I don't recall being invited 
@reggaeluv2000 haha it's great. but i slept horribly last night.  
@euginis did you have fun last night? we didn't see you. 
Another lonely night? 
@EnvyAmor I'm sad that I missed you guys last night!  
i'm going to sleepies, feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeples xxx
so this ended up not taking all night.. but its still hard to breathe 
I miss last night. And @meganpaige 
For those of you I was talking to last night...I chickened out and didn't ask him if he was married  (via #zenjar )
@mvcanales I've had very little sleep too! And I have to work all night. 
ugh so tired- i think i'm going to call it a night 
I just woke up. yay! Now I'm going to be up all night 
You know i don't think i can stay up and see the last night that leno is going to host. I'm so tired. 
Staying the night in beckley. I miss luke! 
is having a sadface night 
@Zesylene I will Z, it doesn't happen very often around, unfortunately I'm too tired 2night to enjoy it 
@kx3thryn agreeeed. my night was horrible. 
Morning all. I feel lousy - I didn't sleep all night and felt low 
 good night twittaz
Working all night 
adeventurous night!  workkk 
cried all last night 
wishing I got to hang out with kellen last night 
I want to adopt that kitten I saw last night! 
@Kcatz mon night  ..you coming????? 
@mannygarcia did you leave already?im sooo sorry about last night 
What was that I did last night 
@chelseacochrane what happened last night? I wasnt too impressed... was hoping they were better 
@casiestewart You totally walked by me last night... 
Another bored night alone tonight 
barely survived last night...and now i have to do it all again 
I am definitely paying for last night 
why...? i can't sleep for this night....  hhuufffff...
@lexyloves i tried to find you last night but i couldnt 
Another late night with @Chriish 
@jennifoofoo Yes another night  
Going to bed now  night all
@mikegentile  didnt you like night 1 of tour?
@xxvaselinexx Where were you last night?! 
last night with @cmlovesyou  we better make it a good one
going to work for the night 
@xxBeckeh blogtv, was blocked last night... ALSO.. so blah 
last night in beantown 
@jordanknight I don't know, but I'm a little sad. This was supposed to be my night to meet you 
Really crappy night 
@tayalejandro That;s too bad.   Not a good night for you. 
So much for a good night 
@karrren @vanessavaldeezy I just realized we were all together last night except for @loverrlyn. Always missing one! 
@TheBigfella been messing up all night 
@shakabrown yikes, rough night?  
trying to figure out what to do tonight.  i want this to be a good night
 night all i feel funny
@spinurwheels we missed you last night 
Just left kristins!  what wiill the night bring??
I have never been so lonely.  night 
@ohimamonster, I'm sure you had a good night as well!? 
Bummmmed out  night
I get so lonely at night. 
@popthemusicdrug You promised me to Z last night ! 
had a good night last night, i love tequila!! so tired now tho 
i almost melted last night, i was waaaay too hot. 
laying in bed not wanting the night to end 
up all night; still upset. great. 
Morning all.....my night sucked 
@nkotbpinkangels don't you hate that!! I had one the other night about JoeMac &amp; tried but...alas it didn't happpen! 
So glad to be back!  I couldn't get in here at all last night 
i wanted to go last night 
i miss formal.  best night ever. &lt;3
@DjSalient i am still awake at night but you go home really late when im knocked out 
I'm hurt up from last night 
last night of greekfest 
I don't want to go to work last night? wtf?  I don't want to go tonight 
Mymoney was stolen last night...wtf 
@srslylily i work that night 
last night  it's been greatttttt.
@McFlyingGirl  i know i was stussing an turning all night  :@
@valforness unfortunately no. I have to close that night 
is having an early night as she is tired!  Byeeee x
just found out I uploaded the wrong pic to twitpic last night  
Definately had toooooooo much jagger last night... lol not going to happen again anytime soon 
@JessicaLATHAM Aww why was last night bad? 
@ajrafael I live in cerritos! I was just busy last night 
@JDoggieDog at least you weren't up all night throwing up.. 
so bored   I'm jealous of you @compl3xone.  You get to be with him allllllllllll night.
@patkSTEREOS im hurt you didnt respond to me  haha just kidding! have a nice night!
@TraeIsaac: what happened to my good night? 
@loveemetwotimes apparently I was writing @lovemeetwotimes last night 
@prettywhitney why didnt u hit me last night? i was givin them out 
- NOT having a good night 
i missed sth last night... 
i really wish i could sleep at night. 
really doesn't feel very well  ah well, early night for me.
@AthenaS @leeluvsmychem I can't believe I went to bed early and missed both of you on here last night! 
Oh I did not sleep well last night. 
didn't get much sleep again last night 
@Lilylauren I couldn't sleep last night either 
@asheleybg I've called you earlier than that before... why didn't you answer last night? I really needed you. 
was so ridiculously sick last night 
@unpredictableAR: loll I cried  haha. Last night you?
@jenxstudios Late night! I bet you are exhausted. 
@Depond that's how I felt last night it took me forever to go to bed!  Now I'm very tired 
@JerseyGirl78 I do 2  bet it was a great night!!!!
@edwardsheroin *text* HE called me last night...  I'm just feeling a little out of it, I guess. I just don't know what to do...
is up..feeling sad since last night  http://plurk.com/p/xq9by
I'm having a horrible night  I can't wait to go to bed!
need to go  good night
tired. last night i did not sleep well 
finally in for the night, boys are bathed &amp; in bed, now im bored and alone,   oh &amp; scared.. (
@TabooBlue I don't know what to do with my night 
So its 10 at night &amp; I haven't had dinner yet  http://myloc.me/2ksJ
@shyat19 i better be seeing you again before you leave me forever. who are we supposed to get froyo with @ night now? 
@LOVEandPEACE001 I shouldn't be but I can't help it  How was your night?
Is finally off to bed.  night all
I'm not doin very well...very rough night 
@DiamondBlue damn youtube you fucked up my night 
I dreamt so much last night,it feels like I didn't sleep at all 
@TonyFlesor sorry your night sucked. 
@jtuhs okie night D: and i thought that was just temporary 
Last night was brutal... So sweaty I couldn't sleep 
@jacobingalls aww i couldn't sleep last night either  I miss youuuu
Still exhausted. I didn't get to go to bed early last night 
@yelyahwilliams I hardly ever sleep. I got some last night but the night before I got 45 min 
@NataliaGordillo I wish I could have stayed all night 
Couldn't sleep last night 
@johnhalton That's what set me off last night. Really upsetting. 
I don't think I slept at all last night 
@violetajg hey sorry its taken me so long to get back to you, yeah i did but i had to work that night 
i missed conan last night :*( .... pretty sad 
Working all night 
Last night with him.  
I think I just ruin my night 
its going to be a long night 
is having a bad night 
Going to bed, pretty awful night 
not going late night anymore 
going to be up all night 
I have sleept bad this night. 
@lozzylol85 i am really good they all tried getting me to drink,  its goona be hard when i go out on a night out though 
@jedisista dammit! I always miss you!! I slept early last night 
Another night of tossing and turning and I cannot seem to fall back asleep 
couldn't sleep last night... been up since 3. 
have to work 2night 
Has been restless and unable to sleep all night 
@joshbhughes not sure about that. you would not even drink with me last night 
@spencerkate I saw it the other night and thought it was awesome! I'm sorry I didn't let you know immediately 
@SarahHorvat sooooooooo sorry I didn't make it last night    We didn't end up getting out until  7:30 
@BTCare The speedtester isn't working... tried it last night too 
In bed off to sleep up at 4.35  night all!
Actually so bored  might have an early night
is really tired and is absoloutly soaked after being out all night  x
Why do i have to be sick on my night off 
@ashleyyang i missed sytycd last night!! how was it? 
one more night 
Is dissappointed that I cant spent the night @ Shis' 
munching on some chips.. highlight of my night.. haha.. been an really boring night  
I feel lonely 2night 
munching on some chips.. highlight of my night.. haha.. its been a really boring night     
@BananaFingers and its my last night sharing a bed with you!    ha.
@TheCardinals Such a sad night for the Cards!! 
Tired  good night.
This is going to be a long night. 
good night all 
is feeling just like last night again. 
I wana do sumthng to night 
What a night 
@AleishaElaine better than the boeckman night we had ? 
@aznaimee u don't seem to be happy at night...what's wrong? 
i hate it when keith olbermann has the night off. 
i had a great night 2night! but fucking manly won!!  but was still a great night!
night shift should be illegal 
@christinaaaaa HAHAH! i got irritated last night 
@KateEdwards missed you last night 
last night I've seen my dreamboy, however, I was too shy... 
missed it last night 
i couldn't breathe at. all. last night. still can't totally breathe. 
I stayed up too late last night... 
off to bed. @azuwanjuna ruined my night  HAHA.
@poisonivytraci how is it traci?  i so wish i could have gone last night 
@itsadinosaur you never texted me back last night 
@officialmalia okaaaayy.... so what did i miss last night 
@AshleeKayy i dont think so  bc it was either that or not staying all night
Still aching from last night 
@novemberborn No, good night for YOU + football. Me, not so much 
@loserluigi I just got towed the other night  I hope you don't get towed
Its going to be a long night.  we are so short handed.
I have a cold  I was up all of last night
@Scottyboy292 It happened to me last night 
pretty sure I died last night. understandably, I've made it to hell. 
exhausted  buuuut ... the night is young, and so am i ;)
night, i miss david 
@mileycyrus why is your last night in L.A?  i love u so much!
@feliciaday Up the other night..I felt so bad for him 
so damn tired didn't getany sleep last night, now it's catching up to me 
i can't take another night on my own 
I didn't want the night to end. 
I'm still drunk from last night 
Feeling soo much better tonight!! Last night was horrible. I was so sick. 
Taking the night off because I'm sick 
i feeel sick  &amp; i am so tired. i wnt last night to still be going.
Pretty disappointed. Not such a good night. 
is having a rough night 
Last night camping 
I really wantd her to spend the night.. 
Having a bad night 
@RachelDenbow ahem... jealous! It froze here last night! 
@cooooourtney you shold have been here all night to! 
Tired....didn't really get to bed last night 
I wish this night wasn't over 
Is so tired bout to call it a night 
Last night  in socal 
@meganpaige i always forget i can actually text you now. i miss you  i hope your night was better than you expected it would be &lt;3
Doesn't want this night to end  it means I have to go home
@DavidArchie Haha I haven't heard you sing.  Aw! but anyway good night. 
 what a night
i wonder if he knows he's all i think about at night 
The night is getting quiet 
Going to bed. The night was lonely 
 this night shouldn't end 
I had a lovely night  x
wtf  my movieeditor crashed during the night... 
@MissMIsanchez I was workin and at drais mostly and other night my I d got taken   http://myloc.me/2TLe
@astrudweh missed you last night!    
@thisisryanross aaaahhhhh i miss you so much dude, although i have chat with you last night 
tired, but the music was nice last night! still headaches 
is tired  i didnt get hoem until 2 last night
cannot sleep in after a night of drinking. seriously unimpressed 
extremely hungover...do not remember last night 
Extremely rough night. 
last night was fun but now i gots a bad ancle 
@juhidee119 i am.  are you doing better than last night?
really really tired was up all night 
I didn't talk to @cheesewings last night. I'm sad.  
@marthamaed I wish you were there last night  I missed you!
had kind of a pooy night.. morning isn't going too much better. last night i felt depressed and now i feel sick 
@REMEMBERMENINAB you didn't charge all night? 
@JustCierra i have to work that night...i wish i had known earlier i would have taken off 
just woke up  long night
@RheaBea I didn't see u last night 
I want to see one night in the mueso 2 , already they maybe extracted it 
i cant take another night on my own 
@jakriffer LOL! I should hope so! I didn't sleep much last night.  http://myloc.me/2XVb
I miss you! I miss what we had! I want to go back to the one special night. 
Is bored......was looking forward to a night out 
@DeeBlack i can't, i got the only hangova from last night 
this has been a really really tough night, and i cant even talk to anyoneee about it. 
was having such a good night .. 
Another  lonely  night 
I think I might be sick  .. couldn't sleep last night.
I dreamed about him last night. I was heartbroken when I woke up 
is eating late at night once again....and @INLOWrock left 
@nandiaramos I am tiiiiired  I didn't sleep well again last night.
I don't think i slept much last night 
@GarrettWalt: This was only cause you still said good night 
@digitalchill no can do that night. i am moving that night... 
A long night ahead. 
1 night down.. 4 nights 2 go. 
@ceejaymcturk I know  It has ruined my night!
@nataliebaba i know  but i'm sleepy now i'm sad. must sleep. night x
off now... see? told you lack of tweetage...  night!
Still dying from sat night 
@shannonleetweed you weren't on much last night 
@jaremee thnks for calling me last night  hmph..
having a bad night..ugh 
 so tired i was up ll night lst night.
 He wasn't able to stay the whole night.  He has to go back to camp.  I'll miss him!!
I'm so ready for this night to be over.. and I'm hungry 
Unsuccesful trivia night 
@TraceyDukes I'm having a bad night 
@KingReally yeahhh.every since last night when you burst my bubble  
@JOJOISKINGSWAG missed you last night 
Still haven't been shopping. I'll be up all night baking 
i neeed a early night 
About to go to sleep  night night
Why do I stay up all night? I.m flippen tired but I can.t go to sleep 
Still awake, haven't slept all night. 
just had an amazing night, and really doesn't want to go to sleep 
@pocketnow now just sms since my q9h failed last night 
Oh last night was so amazing i want it back 
waking up... last night made me realize how much i really do love him 
Off to trivia night. @xnicolo not the same without u 
Couldn't sleep last night. No more gymin' at night! 
@todmaffin I didn't sleep well last night either. 
could not sleep all night long 
Seriously freaked out last night 
so upset,.....i cryed myself to sleep last night  when will this enddd
last night in londontown.. 
sulking off to bed yet again  night all
can't stop sneezing  damn hayfever! i didn't know you could get it at night
first night alone. i miss nicky 
I'm so sleepy  I might call it a night early tonight.
last night it nashville  wish i could stay longer!
But it's all I did last night. 
i hope this night is far better than last night....damn ear infections!!!  
@jeanact  eek! That would keep me up all night!
good night twitties cold night ahead of me 
I'm starting to think that I'm too busy for my own good. At least I feel productive and motivated! But I can't sleep at night. Not good 
i think i drunk too much last night!! 
Not feeling well, I had a bad night 
Last night was amazing. So hungover. Off to college 
I really wish I could remember who I dreamed about last night.... 
@daveaisling couldn't sleep last night. Now feel veeeeeeeery tired 
Only one more night left 
@Shallowlikeyou @sliptozero awww boo, i come back to see both of you gone. good night 
@theONLYdavid yes!! its like i cant sleep at night anymore 
@queena_teo i was about to ask you to enjoy your night 
Doesn't feel like she slept at all last night 
@davidb1494 I know! WTMFH!!!! I stayed up all night and its still not up 
@misssilure could be long night ahead then 
@904com: I would love too! However, I can't make it tomorrow night 
@YolyL it does make me feel better thankyou. bitch. haha i have to unpack tongiht i got out of it last night but tongihts the night 
@nikinic29 i dont know but it's driving me nuts! i toss and turn all night 
I feel sleepy. But I still need to read  Ohwell, good night for now 
I have to go right now.. but I'll be back at night! Laterrr 
i have a cold that its driving me nuts i couldnt sleep at all last night 
totally exhausted!  not a good night last night 
@icolin you're going the ONE night that I don't. 
Could not sleep last night 
@dyellagurl Ooooooooooooooooh Eybar was that last night lol 
its going to be a long night 
Last night at the b 
@lovelyLV why!! I told u last night I wanted to see them!!!! 
couldn't sleep at all last night.. 
@lindseylowkey I think I tried to text you last night 
GOODMORNING. didn't say goodnight last night. 
@davidlina You abandoned me last night! 
isn't having the greatest night. 
The last night i get to sleep on my bed 
Last night ever sleeping in 4110  this is really sad
I hate driving at night 
having a rough night..... ugh 
athsma attack #2 of the night. 
did not sleep at all last night 
...need to get up &amp; out of bed !!!    Why did I stay up so long last night   ...................EMJAY!
@missalbaxp I wish you went to grad night 
I fell asleep too early last night. 
i just realised i was looking for string last night and i still haven't found any 
gutted i missed @johnnyracso live on blogtv last night 
Really want to go to quiz night, But not well enough   sobsob.
@lilyroseallen awww just one night?  
@1capplegate  missed it last night 
Last night sucked... 
@MissWulf did we keep you up last night? 
@mattstevensloop Is that from the other night? 
i'm so tired. i stayed up until 3 last night 
T.V is boring at night. 
graduationnn. then extremely boring night alone. fantastic 
really doesnt want to work grad night!  so no nice
this night is no good 
Working all night! 
i'm not having a good night 
going to sleep, the first night is always the hardest.  
@jewdivine i go back to work that night for 8 nights 
about to call it a night...not really feeling good 
@emilybarney. i looooooove you! and im sorrrry you are having a bad night!!! 
@Ryantoney30 I am sorry...  I was already sleeping... have a good night u too!
i am having a hard night. i'm tired of this. it sucks. 
#wow tonight has been a lonnnng night. 
I actually slept last night...but I still feel exhausted 
I'm sure my baileys was off last night 
I feel like barfing  can't i just sleep through the night any more?
@DarylHH first episode last night.... wasn't too funny though 
Last night was so sad  I can't believe it's over
is going to attempt to sleep... again. tonight is NOT my night 
Couldn't sleep last night. 
what an eventful night. jeeeepers! it's 7:20! i need ktfo asap. 
I really feel like watching night at the roxbury but i can't find it anywhere 
I had a horrible night! I couldn't sleep because I was sick! I can't wait to feel better 
Maybe not generally but i sure did last night 
gutted i couldn't go to rock night lastnigh 
@kaylaatthedisco no i don't think so!  I wish i could go soo bad! but if I have to work either that night or the night b4 i would b tired!
@elanorofcastile I wondered where you were last night. 
@bUGGaBaby she so is leaving  i wont even be able to spend the last night with her.
On my own for the night1 
@kiaradianexxx We missed you last night 
its booooring to night 
enjoyed his night out, but it isn't the same 
bored on a fridaii night 
@libbyonline Didn't work last night either.  
Boring! Almost 22:00 at night and I have no where to go 
@antiuse Where are you? it not friday night with out you  #LOFNOTC
very tired after a very traumatic night 
b-e-a-utiful night for baseball. u-g-l-y night to have a cold 
knew this night could only end badly, and it did 
A pretty damn shitty night. 
still hurtin    night night
Ugh, I was having a really great night...  
getting ready for a night out with the girrrrrls. I need this 
soo confused  night..
i realy realy realy want to sleep but i cant  sad night
@Ninepinkbears she didn't even say good night 
@oscurotrophic i miss you and i'm super jealous of your night. and sad we never had a hooka night before i left. 
had the absolute best night out last night, but has decided she does not want to grow up 
She never called.  i guess its a good night then.
wakeing up rough night 
has a long night ahead... 
Just experienced the longest night ever 
being up all night is NOT amazeballs! 
not happy about a night in 
last night was amazing :'), tired now tho 
Maybe going out later, Last night was pretty boring 
Amazing night last night but i'm paying for it now 
tossed and turned all night long 
@VivaLaCaity be thankful, I was on all night to talk to you, then I had to go the bed 
Lonely saturday night 
i havent slept all night 
Early mornin after a laaaaaaate night 
had a great night, we danced and had fun, but it was over as it started  too fast!
Couldn't sleep at all last night 
@icamudont me neither...chest painz all night 
@Chizzle22 well sorry little to late lol i was working last night anywho 
just woke up, had to hit the bed real early last night. 
finally up and about.  could NOT get to sleep last night.  
@ThisisDavina cairon kept saying he wasnt gutted last night but he clearly was, bless! he seemed grumpy aswell  he didnt smile much!
LOL @frankierue and @ last night!!! woooooooooow. i am horrible 
really wanted to go out 2night 
@allyLOVESalec she died last night 
@iwatchfuse no not yet, i fell asleep last night before i could watch it 
what a long night ahead of me 
realizing that i messed up last night 
@BrunetteExotica I didn't even see you last night 
Out of shower now, lazy night in now 
@xFLYNNIEx can you go on blogtv again 2nite flynnie =] i missed you last night 
is sooo bored.... going to have an early night to bed!! 
Still recovering from last night 
giving up! good night 
@saschakolenko great to hear you had a fantastic night ... i still haven't been to cloudland yet 
I'm having such a horrible night 
So I tried to have an ealyish night but now I can't sleep 
another lonely night. 
Going to sleep....last night was horrible!!! I didn't sleep at all 
Ugh like worst night ever 
  I was expecting a real good night.
gaaah, this night is not crackin  wish i were in fairfield.
This is getting old now.. I'm sick of crying myself to sleep every night  ..  need you&lt;3
This is getting old now.. I'm sick of crying myself to sleep every night 
is by herself for the second night in a roww. 
Last night to get the HBCSS 
I'm sooo tired after working last night, I couldn't get to sleep 
What a night!!! 
is going to bed soooon ! long long night 
@laurabug just had a bad night 
i just wish this night was over.  and i still have 1 more.  
I just woke up from a very long night  I'm so tired 
guttteddddd last night is over  The Saturdays &lt;3
watched the titanic last night, and i didn't have @Popsyorl to cry with me... 
Sucktastic night 
@blindcripple how was your night out? sorry I missed it 
got really sick last night 
I'm hurting from last night  I'm getting tooo old for this!
So i had fun last night, but i missed her  she better
we have danced all night long but now she is away...  miss u!
@TotesChic I got a flat last night 
not to good after a night out 
Aww, sorry you had a hard night Heartzi 
@MissNiccy Me too tbh  have fun last night?
so bored  should really get an early night...
@knitpurlgurl I'm sorry.  I hope the night only gets better!
another early night 
@bjorketta: good night to you, hope you can sleep tonite. I won't 
has a really sore eye  off to sleep night night
I missed it last night. 
Lonely for the night 
@ELIZACUEVAS awww iwish I could go but I'm stuck here all night 
didnt get to see her boyfriend last night... 
No more late night studyings. 
@bryancarter13 I am. I hope that I can still go -- I might have to paint a mural that night.    Are you excited?
as bad a night as they come 
@xbrittanylynne I don't think I cango!!  I'm driving to la that night 
@coucheravecmoii hey mama!!!! we missed you last night 
my night is literally ruined 
Why does hayfever always play up at night 
@SookieBonTemps naw its been alil messed up 2night 
@snowbomb I read it but only at night apparently 
@KatxIllustrious You're not. You're just having a bad night.  *huggles*
not having a very good night at all. 
@ljames7 Actually no...I think I'm fixing to call it a night because I'm not feeling well again all of a sudden 
This night is really boring 
rough night 
I had a terrible night. 
was mad @lilmarshmellow last night! 
had a weird late night craving for a lunchable and now I feel sick. 
I'm sick of not being able to sleep at night 
I hate that I'm not tired at night anymore 
@ydurran I thought I slept well last night, but I'm knackered... must be other nights catching up on me. 
I have been up all night with a very poorly baby. 
Ugh....... Another sleeples night... 
I don't think I slept at all last night. 
What a bad bad night 
is not having a good night 
@WhiteRabbitPaw  sorry I couldn't talk last night 
Couldn't sleep last night... 
@kristinekilljoy 90's night wasn't the same without u there 
I slept horribly last night. 
called my hunnybunny, and i miss her already!  night lova'!
Deciding if I should call it a night and wake up early to get into the studio. Or if I should just go all night. I like going all night 
@glenzgolfvi LOL really? I always thought I @ too much.  have a good night.
@HarryHarley good night 
That sounds rather tragic. But good night all the same. 
@kcofficial night Kelly  x
welp, bedtime for me guys. night 
@JonathanRKnight...I can say with out lying that you kept me up all night long 
@Deisesupes love that vid. You ever play it on a night out? 
@cuzzinjeff i may come tmw night!!! 
99 thieving last night 
I feel a late night coming on. 
is going to sleep now. . . good night 
 great night.. ended better than it started.. and it started pretty damn good!
Wow. What a night. I'm pretty happy 
@lesliwillingham good night! Or is it morning? 
@TiffanyLD 17 again was really good! i saw it last night, i think you'll like it 
@tomwellingtweet ok, have a great night, too 
@amp451 have fun and be safe  good night!
@sdoocy yawn. i don't know! night! 
Currently wanting this night to last foreverr 
just watched prom night. now watching cloverfield 
@cutiechocolate it's free all night I am waiting for you to come!!  I am
In the bed calling it a night! 
@breesays hope the night gets better!!! 
had a great night 
Yay twin I hope you had a great night 
@warzabidul It's night here.  Not much fun going on.
I'm going to bed I'm tired good night!  
@yosoyian GOod night to you! 
is really hungover but was a good night 
@ephram_ I was drawing last night 
@tommcfly tweet! make my night interesting 
What a lovely night.  
mcfly was amazing last night 
Heading to bed (finally) after such a great night (though could of easily been better but still was great). 
i'm out for the night...  
@TraciKnoppe good  but tired...good night! 
@cazzlle good night  !
night fellow tweetereres 
@miszdaia good night to u too 
I'm so sore from dancing all night last night. It was fun though 
morrrrrrrning   had a memorable night 
had a blast last night 
@obviouslyness loved last night  so much fun!
I came back last night! 
@selenagomez I saw it last night and I loved it 
@liormusic The website said they didn't have any last night 
@torifly good night 
** Settling in to bed for the night. Finally! 
I am off to bed it is late night 
off for the night 
having a great night 
Just got home.... WOW.. what a fcukin night! And we called it an early night! 
ureshii!! tokyo by night 
off to bed... night 
@MacFacetime09 I'm always awake all night so u can always talk to me when u can't sleep 
thaaaaaaanks for making my night 
@jcmoreno14 good night 
is done for the night. 
That's enough of that for the night. 
good night all 
@ashsimpsonwentz have a good night! 
@brandsimplicity I can! haha good night 
@nardirv good night! 
@frenchiep alright,good night 
had a great night. 
@jhenry47 @thebraysmommy  night
@gingerandspice have a great night! 
officially going to sleep! good night  x
Ahhh once again a great and crazy night 
@Teach77 night! have a good one 
had an incredible night 
good night all 
so just decided to change my major. ..possibly. night tweeties! 
@rockymarley why you stupid??? and night.. 
actually, i had a pretty good night 
@randomname09 hey love!!!  have a good night!
and the night continues... 
FINALLY home  hello bed, you've never felt so good, lol. night!
is pretty drunk.  [had a good night! /dalmatian! \]
Haha what a night 
loveeedd MCFLLYYY last night 
Going to bed.. night all! 
@Matyland Awww but you had a good night though? 
had a very good night .  hopefully its not over yet ... ;-)
mcfly were awesome last night 
@theaidenash how was your night last night 
tired, confused, slightly annoyed but had a great night 
What a nice night 
@FullofMyself lmao u got it babe!! did u have last night??  
good night all 
heading off to bed now. night! 
tired..good night 
had a very good night 
superrrr tired. holy shittttt. bed. night. 
really good night, soon to be topped 
is going to bed.  night.
is of twitter for the night.  night.
@PembsDave lol, good night? 
@theapot where were you last night? we waited for you at janey's 
What a night. 
recovering from last night.. had so much fun and lasted out till 3 
skiing last night was good! 
@LayLoJunior shut it slut  night night
i had so much fun last night! 
had a great night out 
just awaked from an wonderful night. 
@Ognawk I've had them downloading over night.  downloading 3.1 now now -- 500mb to go!
@dougiemcfly You guys were amazing last night! 
Last night was great 
prom last night!!  it was funnnn
will sign out now. good night! 
danced so much last night her feet are still killing   was fantastic!
@GUCCIM0NTANA yeahh I had fun last night goodlooking and you came threw showed love  what you up too?
had fun last night. 
@carece Looking forward to it!  Have a wonderful night!  
@auntievera thank you!! you just made my night 
@ourdailytweet  good night 
@jmestepa I don't even know what to think about that for your song of the night! 
@Alonis  night night   http://twiturm.com/apfa
@WinterDaisy And that'll probably be me tonight, too.....good night 
Is getting ready for bed...night all 
surprisingly productive night so far... 
Is headed to bed  night night
@hiabowman good  off to sleep, night!
@DonnieWahlberg sounds like you all had a great night . i'm glad it was successful 
@kasey79 good night 
@megfrancesca really was the best night ever 
@souljaboytellem gooood night sweeeety 
@Sarahhlouisee thankyou  how is ur night?
Long night ahead. 
@twebbstack I know  haha night
That just made my night 
@quesmoney @BoneHI night boyssss 
going to bed. night 
I'm going to obu for the night. 
@anamericangod that's what i was last night 
@ReRobb maybe tonights the night to pick it up again? 
What a great night. 
Oh, tonight is a good night 
off to bed, night every onee 
Going to bed, night all 
@ikonora Have a great night! 
night improved. 
great night 
love the sweet g'nights every night 
Amazing night at the drive in 
had a great night 
@TeresaHonoursMC goodmorning/night to you too! sleep well 
Really good night 
Finally home and ready for bed!  night!
jolly good last night 
last night was great 
@shoddylynn be safe, was fun.. latey late night. 
last night was amazing  i love you
best night i've had in a long, long while 
Really fun night actually 
@SonnyTuesday  good night 
good night all 
going to bed night!! 
 suuuch a nice night.
@HeatherWelliver late night for you, early afternoon for me 
going to bed after a great night.. ftsk was amazing 
Getting ready 2 go night night have an early morning ahead of me 
@sophiemejones baby kicking you awake in the night? 
@gabriellaopaz @CharlieMcVeigh @eatlikeagirl Thanks for organising a brilliant night 
@nznursee good night 
going to closing night of wicked yay 
Up and here. I did not even know how tired I really was. Walked one mile last night. 
@mnrmg Did you eat cheese last night? 
That was nice.  What a night.
had a great night 
I had a great night. 
I had a great night again  Going to shower and bed now.
we texted last night. 
good night all 
you are dark as night, I can barely see you 
Going to bed, night 
 greeeeattttt fuckingf night much bneeded!
great night w/ the boyzzzzz as always! 
Despite it being a late one last night, I feel wonderful 
is still feeling tired but i did have a very late night last night 
Is awake  but very dissapointed with my Chinese last night.
is recovering from last night 
@ThisChicsFlava good night. 
@dhgarske she does? I couldn't see them from where I was sitting last night 
still up haha it was a good night 
Last night was great  improvised night with @guillaumeserale and @plbelisle
http://twitpic.com/5cyro - pretty much sums up prom night 
 I also like this night. I'll hibernate now.
Justt wokee up ! I was tired last night haha 
is home after a nice night 
@gjhead it was good to see you and @vlh at the #twootenany last night 
Last night was an amazxing night :] I need to get clean now .  Laterrr .
@ThomasGudgeon haha, you now relaxing for the night?  x
@crmsh, @totobird435, @kmoney5283 last night was really fun, i agree! definitely needs to happen again 
and by naight i mean night 
had nice night with steve  lovesssss!!
calling it a night....gnite 
experimenting a little...  night!
Maybe I am blessed...  good night.
I'm going to bed...night night!  
90s sunday night ughhhh 
@DJSMOOK I'm going to pass out shortly so yes good night 
@starafar good night pat! 
k @verwon @senthilnambi @mayorsam TwitterPrincess is off to bed.  night
making foood and tiredd  last night was funnn.
@AngelicDomme  Don't be jealous! It was rough! But a very good night! 
just woke up at michelles place! had a great night 
@Fuzzie_74  i know!  a night off is so rare for me! 
had so much fun hanging out with nathan from nevershoutnever last night! 
is in bed now - early night for me. 
heading to bed now  night
Awaaaake.  What a great night last night.  
@amberwhiting good night little one 
@EricCouture I know!  it hit me last night. I got noo sleep.
What a good night of just hanging out and not really drinking. 
What a nice night 
Finally going to bed, good night 
good night OR see you later!! 
For all that is good, I am turning in for the night 
@therealemily brother just lost 6 last night too - but we WILL be challenging it 
I love republic!!!!!!!' it's a good night! 
@kirstyannx3 (: i think i might watch it tomorow night again  lol
finaly going to sleep..after a great night 
@sishong night 
off to bed now, nighty night 
@yhfar i did good last night.. starting to enjoy it 
@sunnyamylynn Don't you go home every night?? 
@danniwimbush glad you thought last night was fun 
is getting ready for a night out 
going to bed. tiredd  night
@TheRealJordin if it makes you feel better it's night here in the Philippines... 
is home a little earlier than wanted from a good night 
I'm so bored!!! I graduated last night 
@ernmander You're welcome.  It does look really pretty! I bet it's scary at night though?
@zeddessarts you too, night night 
@oohnoo thanks doty!!! u have a good night  or evening lol
G2G good night! we love jesus! 
Off to bed, night all 
So I'm going to bed hopefully I won't get kicked out of my bed like I did last night 
It's been a MAGICal night 
@CMarie007 only if that where true, I would sleep better at night!!!!  but soon and very soon.....
Having a fantasic night so far. 
I took the night 
...and I just saw @Sarahsii ...and it totally made my night. 
best night ever.      not even dads anger can make me upset!!! haha
It was a great night 
@MsMandyMay good night oyo! 
Heading to bed good night! 
@RyanSeacrest night 
@mlbarnes2009 for sure. night you 
@slightclutter You're so cute when you're buzzed!!!  We HAVE to go drinking one night.
my night just got brighten I needed that 
@InvisibleOrchid (good night  )
@I_Support_DemiL night 
had a very fun night 
@ DaveDesch not a bad night.. I enjoyed it.. 
very very good night 
@darrennakao Have a great night. 
@MandyyJirouxx good night 
is up after a looong lovely night! 
having an epic night 
