Most common words for this cluster:
[('night', 376), ('day', 200), ('weekend', 119), ('http', 83), ('live', 82), ('today', 68), ('week', 63), ('tomorrow', 59), ('time', 58), ('i', 57), ('days', 56), ('quot', 53)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Night', 0.7994561195373535), (u'NIght', 0.7687630653381348), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.764009416103363), (u'Morning_Chit_Chat', 0.7598195672035217), (u'Bash_Compactor', 0.7517674565315247), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.7376426458358765), (u'Neighbourhood_Mixtape', 0.7354283332824707), (u'Wild_Card_#.##.##', 0.7338594198226929), (u'Festivities_Begin', 0.7289445996284485), (u'Birthday_Quiz', 0.7268401980400085)]





Haven't tweeted nearly all day  Posted my website tonight, hopefully that goes well  Night time!
Wishes I was on the Spring Fling Tour with Dawn &amp; neecee Sigh  G'knight
Working on the Holy Week 
@katsun At this point, I'm trying to remain optimistic that it won't be as delayed as Live365 but it's getting harder each day 
Oh noooooo Kath is back from Annual Leave!!!!!  du du duuuuuuuu!
I'm not excited for the yearly Holy Week trip to the beach. 
@Bash well that's me grossed out for the rest of the day  Shocking pictures.
I can't believe this cool Day/Night Street Rock doesn't even have a single heart  http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=21362047
Too Much Grape Last Night 
@eryckhappiness I saw a dead fox last week.  And then a dead kestrel! Live in the making! 
Been playing Fear 2 on housemates xbox in the dark. Great game, but bit scary for little boys like me who are home alone. Night 
@Mayday_Parade no you wont i dont have a ride 
Tonight was the best night for ages. The Bucket List is sad  but everything else was truly wonderful. I love you so much.
Weekend ended fast.. 
Morning! Up early to practice for school tomorrow  Watching Tonight's the Night coz I missed it yesterday...
Fark! I can't be sick one week before Fashion Week 
Upset I missed @provodkative bday bash... Tonight was weak....    Womp womp
Last day of the Holidays   but I'm stupidly looking forward to our 17th cent costume lecture tomorrow. Geek!
Last day of Easter Break. Normal service to resume tomorrow. *sob* 
Returned from Navan Fest,  such a beauitful day,  but i still have a lot of work to do emmm 
Still not reached start 4 Sun Run. Brunch with the team looking unlikely 
Coachella Fest Day 3!  CAN'T believe I'm missing out on Valerie Bertinelli's BBQ today! 
I can't wait for my back to heal.  Week 2 without my rockin of the Starry Night peeps.  
@sew2dazzle Night night Mom.  Missed u bunches today 
Not feeling very well  Going to crash in front of the TV tonight. Top Gear, Media Watch, On the Coach, Monday Night NRL etc.
Back to work today after a 10-Day holiday    300+ e-mails, V.Mail box Full, oh and CC have barred Twitter.com ... ?
@aarosan Bummer, Festival of Beers is Saturday. 
Lazy day today, School tomorrow  Hoping to get tickets for Radio 1s Big Weekend! Wish me luck!
Must crawl into bed now. 4/20 fully celebrated all weekend with tunes and good friends. How ya gonna clap?!? Missing Jazz Fest  next year!
@Lotay @Lotay What? I dont get the distinctive Night Owl hashtag too? 
@skytumbling Dan LOVES Free Comic Book Day! Except that last year his fav store closed so now he has to go to a chain. 
still &quot;studying&quot;...i want a Cookout burger &amp; a vanilla shake 
Ahhhhhh booked to work 10-6:30 tomorrow; there goes Volunteer Appreciation night 
Just got home from atlanta....Rained the whole way home 
NIte-Nite Twitts...I got a mean headache, same shit last nite I dnt knw whats wrong wit my big ass head..lol. Talk 2 ya'll 2morrow  
I think i'm dying and will leave a record of events on twitter. food in reverse since 9pm. Flashback to korea feb 08.  why me? Why now?
Ahh my bed feels so good!! Back kinda hurts again!!  Lost at Phase 10 tonight, but Kimba lost worse!! ;) Haha Good Night everyone!!
@cdmblogs max 4 live before the end of the year?!? that could be as far as 7 months away... Nooooooooooooo.  Live 9 will be out by then 
I'm so upset... I shouldn't be doing this... McDonald's Late Night Menu 
Today is the last day of National Dance Week  Luckily i celebrate dance everyday, all year round...time for me to catch up on some sleep!
Woo! tired... Picnic in Riverside tomorrow... Think she fell asleep on me..  Off to kill time i guess..
Today is Free Comic Book Day! http://freecomicbookday.com/ And once again I cannot attend.  Blasted VV, not having any comic shops nearby!
Midnight, I am still in outside because of the fire alarm  
Susan made me a good breakfast and now we're headed downtown to the Opening Ceremony.  Thunderstorms predicted all day. 
I meat George Sampson Last Night @ 9:44 pm best night of my life i miss him soo much 
I hate being skint! No Sweeps Festival or Motor Cross this BH Weekend   at least i can look foward to the mystique shoot with max &amp; skyy
I hate being skint! No Sweeps Festival or Motor Cross this BH Weekend  at least i can look foward to the mystique shoot with max &amp; skyy
Too much work to do as far as moving, had to skip Men's Breakfast this morning 
Ahhh stuck in the middle of Ohio for Free Comic Book Day. Closest store is 45 minutes away. I have failed Hugh Jackman: http://is.gd/sZ2L 
I couldn't go to the Revlon Run Walk today because my formerly broken ankle is throbbing.  
bummed that post-surgery means no Revlon Run/Walk for Cancer.  First time in 4 years I'm missing it 
Wolverine Day!  Going to buy my tickets early today.  Movie was sold out last night   About to go hit this morning cardio!
I wish there were a comic book store anywhere within 100 miles of here so I could go to Free Comic Book Day. 
Feliz Free Comic Book Day....nos EUA somente OBV.... 
@RiyuChan08 Cool! I would love to attend a Game's Midnight launch atleast once :S The game is good.. but its ultra expensive here 
Opening day for Boating Season - once again, rain is in the forecast 
once again.. because I work on saturday... I'm missing out on something else... Free Comic Book Day!!! 
Headache is going away. I want a nap though. And it's Free Comic Book Day...too bad there aren't any stores doing it near me. 
*sigh* I hate not living near comic shops. The lovely folks on my Twitter feed keep reminding me that I'm missing Free Comic Day. 
Tonight sucked, work sucked, people were sucky and I missed the Bouncing Souls. 
@tyDi dude awesome album, but where is &quot;You Walk Away&quot;?! 
Ready to go to sleep after a long 12+ hour day at the fabulous Club Lib.  Ugh, work in a.m.  So NOT fun   Night all!
Feeling illl, and not from a hangover  Masturbation Month off to a slow start!
@DistantFate Sound was great at the Union Chapel. Loved the Smoke Fairies support act. Gig was good. Shame we didn't have a good camera 
Wireless poor so my Mac is using Ethernet cable. Guess I'll be partying at #stc09 like it's 1999?  Off to Leadership Day (all day) soon.
- very sad that I missed Free Comic Book Day  
Oh noes! International Talk Like A Pirate Day is the Saturday of show week. No pirate-talk for the show then  Pirate after-party? (BC)
PMA Farewell Ceremony.... and then lost of homework 
Booo!  Weekend over already. 
@curleyseattle I keep seeing commercials for Evening Magazine and it's weird not having you in them. 
very unlikely there will be a Midnight Update tonight with illness. 
Countdown to my bff leaving, 7 days  
@jenniferrr_gee so much boredom  it's like the damn swine flu xD uhmmm, anything by Mayday Parade!
Was hoping for magic &amp; love but tonight wasn't my night. Night started dramatic so felt disconnected &amp; HM seemed distant too... 
back to work  Weekend was sooo nice 
Three photos from the Walk for Hunger - http://tinyurl.com/2s3zu6 - didn't get any faces 
Moment of pure bliss, Roast dinner followed by dark chocolate - moment of distress, realising the week of gym ahead  so worth it
My BMI is 21, which is healthy. I'm eating a lot healthier... but no exercise!  Goal for the month, EXERCISE. Walk, jog, swim, dance...
Risque tonight for Smut Night and I guess my birthday. I need to drown my old age in beer 
Tune in for Farrah's Story Fri 9/8c on nbc. Pray that she stays alive long enough to watch it air  Cancer sucks !!!!
@tomllewis I turned OFF @foxnews when they switched to WH Correspondents Dinner. I get a &quot;bad feeling in my gut&quot; whenever I see Obama 
@SUGARVampChick Oh man. I waved off Saturday Night Live tonight because of Justin Timberlake (not a fan). And now look what I missed! 
My Bloody Valentine was great!  Reminded me of watching it every Saturday on USA while growing up.  Missed the hot dog scene though 
Saturday Night Live is not that funny any more 
I am screwing ma ass in the office on a Lazy sunday Afternoon !! 
Last day of Golden Week. Feel lazy... I'm so not ready to go back to work tomorrow! 
Top 3 annoying ADs: Frooti AD @3.. Good Night AD with ughh ughh @2 and The winnner is New Kurkure AD: Swargwasi hai par maasi hai 
The Harriot is on Something for the Weekend - much better than last week but nowhere near as hot as @simonrim 
how ridiculous! why can I not watch Saturday Night Live videos on nbc website from New Zealand??? So much for the internet being global 
Weekend over too quickly for me 
Just had a really strong hankering for Mega Man. WHY do I not have the Anniversary Collection yet? 
Hell week starts tomorrow! Eat. Breathe. Sleep Dance! Last Show on Thursday!  Study for Finals and then Senior Prom on Saturday.  Madnesss
Family Guy was f'in awesome once again!! Really bummed that next week is the Season Finale tho   Looks like a great finale tho, of course!
Curled up in bed with Kaden , hes not feeling well tonight      Night everyone!
I miss my book, &quot; The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time&quot;  I think i might have lent it away to someone who never returned it.
Thirsty but can't go downstairs to get water cuz my dad will throw a candle at my face again 
Super tired and going to bed now. Won't be going to @surtex 2morrow after all  Too much to do on the homefront. Night Tweeps!
Gray's Anatomy Season Finale short-circuited my psyche...power down, retreat into sub-conscious, revisiting ever loss I've ever known 
@925JACKFM What's going on with the 21st Century Breakdown Winning Weekend, I have been listening no codes since 3pm yesterday? 
Rained off cricket already for me today 
@SarahWisbey Mornings suck big time especially on rainy days 
Weekend has gone to fast 
Models and Throttles Poker Run has been called off due to inclement weather 
I saw Green Day Live at Abbey Road today on tv..it was awesome..but Billie-joe you couldn't hit those high notes in '21 Guns' 
Weekend winding down 
Weekend passed too fast... 
Weekend is about over 
I missed AIDS Walk because I felt very sick on the train.  Turned around came home and became sick.  AIDS Walk FAIL. 
Now im getting ready for the spring Picnic with school... i feel bad cus Ryans bands having a gig right now and i couldnt get a rde 
It's a relief to have 2 drums already filled up with gear! Weekend is over...but packing for the expedition is still going on... 
Pool Day! Working on the tan and adult beverages may be included or required. By the Crystal Method's new CD major disappointment  
Days off fly by too fast 
Prepping for the Monotonix and the Airborne Toxic Event interviews; -- still ignoring me 
Watching Jools Holland 10 Years Special, think I missed the Oasis bit tho 
More I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell in bed, but not for too long, work early in the morning.  Night!
Holy god, only 19 days left. I just realized that I leave before the Undie Run 
Breakfast, then revision! Sound be fun! 
GG Season Finale today, can't watch cause of exams. 
First Day of Summer Classes! Cannot wait....well it starts in like a half an hour so i really cant wait haha 
Downloading the 2 NBA Game 7's and new Family Guy from last night...still trying to find The Game (Season Finale) 
Weekend = not long enough 
Week 2 Journey to lose 100 lbs weigh in only 1 lb lost this week  and total loss 9 lbs= 91 lbs to go!
@chrisgoodman I missed it. Passed out on the couch halfway through Baseball Tonight. 
@DonnieWahlberg so sad West Palm canceled- now we never get to meet y'all! Sister and I had Meet &amp; Greet tix.  Coming from Pensacola 
@MsGo I saw ST on IMAX last weekend, and it was just as good as before! Night at the Museum takes over IMAX on Friday. 
The season finale of Ugly Betty was SO sad.  now it's time to do 30 Day Shred since I've procrastinated alllll day.
Goodnight, everyone!! Sweet dreams... CU Law Accepted Students Day at 8am... Should I go?? So early 
YAY!!!! Weekend finally here!! but how can i enjoy when i have tons of homework!!!! 
I'm thinking that with three grumpy kidlets, one sick Mama and a tired &amp; overworked Daddy, Friday Family Fun Night aint gonna be too fun 
http://mobypicture.com/?3w4qfe - Weather is not looking good for the Bank Holiday Weekend 
For reading all that crap about about a Midsummer Nightmare I freaking had a crazy ass scary dream 
oh no! The JB are in Night at the Museum 2, that may decrease my enjoyment. 
Afternoon Coffee... Ahhhhh tastes good! Enjoying it while it lasts before back to school to take my last AS Exam on 1st june! 
It's Fleet Week in NYC.  Saw lots of sailors on W 50th last night...too bad they weren't sexy 
trying to accept the fact that I cannot walk the Weekend To End Breast Cancer this year   This is a hard reality for me...
Its 650AM I have been up for an hour &amp; still won't make it to YPC today  3 client meetings &amp; calls to 2 Short Sale Banks... Whens Lunch?
Columbus's own..KMB (Kustom Made Boys) openin up for Day 26 tomorrow.... lol.. well...  ima go show my support..for my columbus artists..
Happy Memorial Day Weekend!! if you are in Florida.... its going to rain ALL WEEKEND!! 
Mildly bummed that Memorial Day weekend forecast for DFW is &quot;Isolated Thunderstorms&quot;. Every day of the 3-day wknd!  
going out to see a movie. Weekend is half over 
Sorry I have not been tweeting much. I've tired again. I'm fighting to get rid of darn cold sore! It's pretty bad.  Off to bed. Night!
Exhausted  but time to shower, and finish reading Night World Series! On another note, 101 followers! Neat 
Just returned from seeing Night at the Museum 2.  Good flick... more CGI than puppets though 
@kysmet yeah the last showing was Sunday at midnight...both IMAX are playing Night at the Museum  poo
The one thing I don't like about holidays? New Comic Book Day gets bumped to Thursdays. 
@jewelsmyfav @vispandex gross! wasn't nuttn &quot;Spectacular&quot; about dat  more like disturbing.
If he hasn't me on 3 Days...do I simply forget him..  (via #zenjar )
@mattsiahent I wont be able to make it tomorrow.....  I am having a prebday celebration....yay!
Just tried the Demo Fight Night Round 4, what can I say, It didn't rock my socks  Great graphics, but not good enough to buy!
Is missing her last Pub Night ever.  Also missing Stanford. 
Just updated the website... June 3rd Music Night is cancelled   Not enough ticket sold
Showdown again... Wish my money would have come in at midnight 
Counting the hours of lost sunshine until the Weekend 
good lord, just seen the agency work for our upcoming Open Day. Money for Jam 
#beer #friday #melbourne #cbd #mtub #mini #cmon Thirsty and lonely ... you buggers are making me feel like a scotty no mates 
Finally watched the rest of The Guild Season 2. I always feel so sorry (and hopeful at the same time) for your char, @feliciaday 
Nite Tweeple.  Tomorrow will be day 25 at work.  
The Blowout ended 
@dmolsen Gain an instant follower, just use the #tits tag in a tweet. WTF? Lesson learned, Summer of Todd to get a new *official* tag. 
Playdate cancelled 
Totally been too long since I updated.  Saw Star Trek, excellent!  Killed Yogg-Saron 10 man.  Memorial Day killed 25 man raids 
is watching Mock the Week and is slowing cooking 
Trying to win a @neverwear contest for a a print of The Day the Saucers Came signed by @neilhimself... My brain is tapped out of ideas 
Now @mumbly_joe is trying to guilt me into coming to Alumni Weekend. I don't think I can make that either this year. I suck a lot. 
Aww @danbharris is getting married, congrats to him and his new wife! Now I miss the WN Weekend people 
I am watching &quot;28 Weeks Later.&quot; Not as good at Days. 
FRIDAY so freakin happy today was an annoying day  buuut WEEKEND! TGIF&lt;3
Plan for this evening: dinner, shopping for dress shirts, watching Up, going to bed. Plan for Saturday: Funeral for a friend... 
Moment over.... fly now in car 
@CrysOHara I think it's going to be a LONNNGG Weekend, but not the 3 day kind.  
is going to forgo Pub Night with the wife tonight. Tough week for both of us and neither is really up for it. Plus our neighbor died 
Midnight ice-cream weather! So damn bored 
Bout to go see Up. Wish I was in LA @ the SummerFest to see Varsity Fanclub  Hope they have an awesome time!
Gonna see Night at the Museum in Anchorage.  Leaving in 27 hours 
Hanging with the Friday Night Small Group for the last time. 
Toy Story 3 teaser trailer now up. To infinity and beyond! Ride like the wind Bullseye!  Movie out June 2010  http://bit.ly/WvxMr
@EsmeACullen  Well glad you had a break! and some quiet I hope!! I am off to bed... still sick  Nighty Night!
Friday night is Family Game Night, minus one...THE ONE.  We'll try and have fun but it's not the same. @MikeNavarro Daddy come back.. ?
Good Night World!!......well my two followers  how sad....you know who you are 
 im gona miss Late Night with Jay 
@MKJHMorgan How was UP? I can't wait to see it. My nephew turns 8 on Sunday and his party is going to see Night at the Museum inside. 
Hanging out with chris, @mikey_ura, john, emily and kristen.... Celebrating johns last day in east lansing 
Dear Philippine Fashion Week, I need to wash my laundry today.  http://plurk.com/p/x4ksp
Mica I saw Night at the Museum tonight. Some laughs. Not as good as the 1st. Micaenjoyed it though soI was pleased. Popcorn 4 dinner. 
Pub Crawl was a total win! Night finished off at 322 with the most amazing drag performance ever! Shit was epic. Also, April was amazing. 
'Curry bashing' ! How revolting can they get? Live and let live, people. 
Queuing at Checker's. Month end is pure madness. Why did I not do my grocery shopping some days back?! 
@ianderthal I so wanted to create a banner that said Spacewalk Detroit supports Susan G Komen Race For the Cure... no time or flyers 
Best way to start your birthday, go to your finance class from 9-Noon.  Darn me being a good student 
I suck. Many Fashion Week invites but didn't go to at least one  Next season i swear
Just came back from Night @ The Museum, it was AWESOME. Matty loved it too! Until he heard that Parra lost.  He's gone nuuuts.
pretty gutted we cant do Beautiful Days this year, our resident dogsitters are away, so no-one to have marley the puli pig dog 
http://twitpic.com/694uz - The Getaway Plan's Finale tour at Roundhouse, sers so dev they broke up 
Breakfast with the fam...work Till 10 
Spent a gorgeous evening yest at the Taste Festival.  Missed Hugh because of bloody traffic &amp; therefore my chance to ask him to adopt me 
Graduation party in an hour. Presents presents presents! Then work 
@JetGibbs Yay! Weekend - I agree *g*. Boring chores though 
At the theater to see Night at the Museum. Missed out on seeing Star Trek last night because of long rainy commute home 
Young Heroes Graduation today. 
@jay4liberty What happened to Live free or die? I guess they chose death... 
No golf at the range for me today - Rained out!!! 
Up is sold out... Damn! Night at the Museum will have to do  crappers
Home from relay. I'm a little sunburned.  Now it's time for sleeeeeep in front of the tv while Meg chomps away at a bone. Night y'all.
Turns out i might not be going to &quot;Whitby Gothic Weekend&quot; in Oct09.. I was really looking forward to it too 
@LoveJamieO I closed as soon as I saw Dogs and Live Bait 
Mini Quiz of the Month will be tomorrow on our forum as I have been worked into the ground and cannot stay awake to do it 
@djsourmilk Dude! I wanted to hear &quot;Birthday Sex&quot; &amp; &quot;Flight School&quot; buy I'm not driving anymore!!! 
All the cool places I remember as a child are gone.... Wanted pics of the Carnival Ride graveyard, or the boxcar in the quarry...Its gone 
@ShesElectric_  Will do. Tomorrow. Night pixie. I like it when ur happy. Feel better. Is another hug appropriate?
http://twitpic.com/6ari1 - Evening thunderstorm ... still trying to finish cooking the ribs outside 
I have declared tonight a movie night w/ Night at the Museum I, Wall-E, then some TOS.. wish I had company 
Which movie should i see this weekend? Saw Night at the Museum last weekend. Twas ok.  Saw Angels and demons 2 weekends ago. Twas ok. 
Crazyness. Madness. And a lot of whiny drama  http://myloc.me/29M4
im boredd  but im txting jesse, and watching Saturday Night Live.
Wow. All of a sudden the exhaustion has hit me. Weekend's half over already  BEDTIME! Pleasant dreams!
Loved Chillin w/ Carrie and Nate...  off to Night Night Fluffy, 8-5 at the beanery tomorrow.  Here endeth my vacation... 
@anotorias Japan Day 4-miler in Central  Pk.  Installed Win 7 RC and didn't know iPod would be problematic     Going to sleep now.
@MetallicaLive I'm cancelling my Concert Trip   Do you know anyone who'd want them?
Good Night. Cavs Lost  Great Night with Madi. I LOVE YOU&lt;3
Public Holiday on Monday!!! Right now i am loving guitar Hero World Tour but my bloody brother wont give me a go 
20 for a cover is ridiculous. Is someone listening? Charlotte you are making a bad impression. Night life takes another loss.  #op2009
I've been awake bout 8 hours, 2 Hour nap time before work. Too bad sleeping is painful. 
Bfff's wedding reception! Week long of Seep is coming to an end  http://twitpic.com/6bi3k
Midnight, just finished prepping the dishes for tmw, didn't workout nor see the girls today 
You're not the only one who had a boring evening @VictoriaGrace Midnight, just ... didn't workout nor see the girls today 
@kkluvszsj I know...sigh..  now i feel like listening to Existentialism on Prom Night by Straylight Run &amp; hating my life!!!!! bhahahah
Done with my Week Four!  3:23-5:10 
@mcvane I love warmth and sun but tend to fade quickly when out in it. It's a curse.  I had a Feast ice lolly yesterday, first in years.
Morning tweets and FB, Day 3 of Grandkids Gone Wild begins with spotty rain 
@Jess_Lambley Night At The Museum! I told my mum to take me and she decided to tidy her room instead 
Damn the Rainy Day...Storm Clouds rolling in 
wanted to go to Miracle Ride but no chance. It's such a beautiful day and I can't enjoy it they way I want. 
@Denkar1891 Weekend is over in 15mins...   Party last night, so chillaxed in an attempt to recover today.. lol
Bloody Fun Day: 99518.  I was only 482 points away from getting more points on my Kongregate account 
Really wish we could go to the Salute to Israel Parade today. But dh isn't up to it. 
End of BBQ Weekend. Back to reality. 
On the road home, we had to say goodbye to Holiday World  but it was a fun weekend!
Excited to see the new Harry Potter and New Moon footage at the MTV Movie Awards, have to wait till Mon to watch show  wish I was in USA!
@AnnekaHansen Ramble was gr8 thnx. Lots of sunshine so getting lost (again) was actually a pleasant experience. Walked into a tree though 
Silver lining of my sick day. Saturday Rock the Deuce was All Time Low. And I have it recorded. @JackAllTimeLow cheerin' me up. Night. 
Aah ! Weekend's over..just came back from Brista..traffic arnd Bandstnd horrible ! Reading '187 Lives', a book on 7/11 train blasts 
Jammin' to Lady GaGa's album &lt;3 Not trying to think about Japan Day 
WSOP Event #4 today. $1k buy-in. Brasillia table 168. Terrible night's sleep though 
studying for a test  but excited to have finally found a place to Live!!
@LexitronAvenue too true have fun watching film... wish McFly did the theme song for it again this time!  Friday Night was AMAZING! xx
Just saw Night @ the Museum 2.. thought it was pretty gud 4 a sequel. My tummy hurts + I feel sick  not much sympathy going around.. bah!
Hillls Finale Tonight  Makes me sad to see @LaurenConrad to gooo !!
Season Finale of the Hiills is on tonight,  i'm recordiing it. :'( it makes me sad...
I actually miss my hour-long train rides to see my favourite welsh boys   Night At The Museum is on.
Watched AlexATL videos on youtube minus Dance Parties and Tour Antics  no sound! going to see Night At The Museum 2!
Night@the museum was sold out  gonna see DANCEFLICK
Midnight 32 and my darling child is just drifting off to sleep now. I'm shattered 
Hey @x17online no miley yet   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Just found out Eleventh Hour was cancelled after season 1. That's a shame. 
Hey @x17online i need kristen stewart   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online we got really loud screaming guy on the right   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
nope.... I really doont wanna go to uni now...   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Giving Friday Night Lights a try on Netflix stream due to @jafred 's high praise....@cherlynn is not excited.  
marcmalkin from E!I hear robert pattinson is not going to be on red carpet 2day.   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online nooo! did we miss rob??!!   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Countdown to the end of my short summer break 
Hey @x17online i hope he's going to be on the red carpet   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online i wanna be there   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Found a lovely pool &amp; had a good time. Weekend's over now. Boooooo 
Was hoping to buy Official swag at Rock Center for TRMS, COUNTDOWN and 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue-so sad, had only 3 items with MSNBC logo 
Weekend is over, yet again. 
Hey @x17online weres rob   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online kristen wont be there   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online Just joking.   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
I wanna see Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian in IMAX and then Up in 3D!! I still han't seen them yet! 
I wanna see Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian in IMAX and then Up in 3D!! I still haven't seen them yet! 
Hey @x17online Where's pattinson?   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online yes, he does talk wayyyy too much..I wanted to see more   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online and nooooow?   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Didn't really want June to come. The Month of Doom. Get my degree results this wk, Grad Ball next wk and the end of an era the day after. 
@imago_dei_81 Well since the youngest is 9 we were going to see Night at the Museum 2.  But we didn't end up going 
@JamekaShamae Hey Lady! Happy Sunday Night!!  (work starts tomorrow  Pls email me if you heard back from Utopia.
Hey @x17online  offline   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online  Aww  I was so excited too.  (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Weekend wore me out.  I want to go to bed, but don't want to wake up and go to work. 
@noc_nurse Weekend was okay until my whole fam started throwing up. 
Listening to &quot;Season of Fireworks&quot; by F4. I may not understand what it means but the song makes me sad 
Weekend noir pour beware -30% de traffic 
Games Day Spain 09 - Blood Angels, Templars, Nids and Necs 'in the works': http://bit.ly/rv4k9 No big surprises like with Susan Boyle lol 
Mornings are evil 
*glare* Doesn't the sun realize I don't want to play with him?  Where's all the heavy rain gone, my house smells warm! Live in shower?
@B_Ride1 Ufortunately I am... bout to get ready for class 
Just woken up. Meh I hate Mondays  Weekend over, back to reality and revision
YES! I get to air my Obama Date Night grievances on The Buzz on today's Rhode Show. And uh oh... Air France jet disappears over Atlantic 
Weekend is over already??  I'm soooo sleepy still...
@jessamineny I had a Live Aid t-shirt (that you got when you donated $$ during the show) but it totally fell apart years ago 
@Willie_Day26 Please let them be better than Stadium Music!!! Back to life, back to REALITY... 
wow... Ride looks insane. Now I want it 
Celebrate June Dairy Month with a #dairytour: Volume 1 - Calves. http://bit.ly/KetPD #ag #dairy #farm Was in SF, missed #twtrcon. 
@ficar22 Live 2 far way from Carlsbad now..No Tulips.   Enjoying my own roses 4 drying, waters &amp; scattering all over my altars instead.;)
Picnic abu to be ova  hadd fun today  16DAYS 
Weekend is already over 
Yay: @jonathancoulton 's Best. Concert. Ever. came in the mail!  Boo: Barber shop closed on Mondays 
Haha the Mr.Muscle ad is so so badly over-dubbed. Night now, eyes hurt! 
tired and fed up this eveing,  off to bed 
Gettin ready to leave America. 2 Days left. 
back from a short 30k evening bike ride, got a flat towards the end  now watch 24 season Finale (Season 7 that is). #fb
Sound of Madness is an awesome song! don't know why it's dropping though on the countdown 
is gutted as to how rubbish Night Of The Museum 2 was 
Just found out my boyfriend had Tales of the World in his hands last week and did not buy it! Now it's sold out. 
Thirsty, bruised and battered after bed replacing and furniture moving.  Now what to drink? (No alcohol please- don't feel like dying!)
Movie Day, Can't find the Remote to the tele.. 
Hockey was horrible in the heat  oh well.... Bed time now. Night night
@jimmyfallon read the article about you guys at Late Night in the new Wired + sry you didn't get to say goodbye to Justin. 
Guess &quot;At This  Moment&quot; over and over again doesn't put me in the best of moods. 
Abt to go to the movies, should hve fun, but I'm gonna miss Late Night With Jimmy Fallon  damn
Made it home safely! This was a crazy weekend. Lots of great things at Maker Faire, but I was in the ER Fri. night for a kidney infection 
Ride program cop just tricked me and said the nuclear plant might explode in the morning and I need to evacuate!! Haha what a jerk 
Night twitters, prayers going out to airfrance.  
Night two of this shit, Something is wrong with me 
The nose bleed seats for Birthday Bash this year start at $60. Hot 107.9 must of bumped their head while they were Swag Surfing! 
Another day at work ! Hopefully it's nice today since I'm only working 4 hours ! Rained yesterday so didn't wash my car 
Thirsty...but left my monies at home 
So, fasting diet Day 1 - Smell of French Fries in the Air. Track to Mike's desk. Not Fries but peanut butter toast! I'm Hungry. 
@Hayleyy1 You Tube has Scarlet Night as a live version and an early acoustic version from before the actual recording only 
Fell asleep on my couch...stupid migraine  now going to bed. Nite everybody xoxo
Midnight is not a good time to start doing chemistry homework... not to mention study for a test tomorrow. 
@richardyung Oh no I only know Rainy Days and Mondays... 
Night all, still kinda nervous of what the outcome is 
Malibu Nights I guess no more kush  http://twitpic.com/6ipgi
Going out for a run now to make the most of what looks like the last of decent weather for a while. Weekend not looking good 
Green Day totally killed on Conan tonight! Bummed that I don't see Portland on their tour schedule 
played the Fight Night Round 4 demo just there, why do the boxers look like old men made of elastic? I preferred Round 3 
Good Night Twitter... my sinuses are KILLIN ME... I guess I'll crack open The Sim 3 in the am  Nite...
Mornings...who needs em. 
http://twitpic.com/6ixfx - R.I.P Live On Stage &quot;Lilli&quot;  i'm gonna miss you..
@twinkle47 Weekend weather going to be horrible 
Finally I am up b4 10am LOL, Morning Family!! Moment of silence for my neighbor who lost his Dog today. Never let you dog out your gate 
@pointlesswords I haven't seen Before Sunrise, only Sunset  I LOVE 2 Days in Paris but lots of people dislike it (they don't get it lol).
I, BARACK OBAMA, President...do hereby proclaim June 2009 as Lesbian, #Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month. http://tr.im/njfd     
goodmorning now ... pfffff friday ...Weekend another day at school   i don't like school ...who does ?
Yesterday Thai Night WTF ??? Today is my b-day ..I hate to be old 
Im watching the Jonas Brothers Live chat Cause i missed it last Night  but  that im watchimg it now! 
Karaoke tonight! another Rainy Day Club day  ...Join the club to get your free cup of chowder  click www.twitter.com/bahrslanding
Busyyy day. Dress fitting/pick up wedding dress (T-22 Days!!), meet with officiant, work a double 6pm-4am. 
Todays the day! Countdown is over!  don't worry i'll have another one soon lol
I can't get to Mia @Kidrobotrules but I feel so incomplete without the Rainy Day Dunny  I called u about them and everything. Send me 1!
Finder refuses to quit. I cannot shut down my mac  it might be the Curse of Submission Week
I didn't make it on the MUN Senior Trip.  But I think I can go to a leadership conference on the east coast now! Weekend, be over now.
@SunShineStuvS goin bak 2 skul 2moro. Holiday is ova  Havin mixed filns as usual
Damn it.  TV on the Radio is playing the Central Park Summer Stage right now, and I didn't know until 30 seconds ago.  
Beautiful day to enjoy the Arts Fest.  A lot of interesting items.  Didn't see a lot of people with purchases though.  
Working 9 Hours Tomorow 
Day 5: Pure foods - Drank wine with friend  bad girl, BUT was good pure foods won out. Didn't enjoy it. Felt great, went for the best run!
how can you tell that Hot Country Nights is back at 4th St? trucks taking up two spots everywhere in the garage 
@erika_lukanov I've gotta work at 5 AM   My next bar night is gonna be Pint Night at Paddy on Monday.
My baby just fell and split her lip.  Lots of Blood and Tears. Date Night delayed, but not cancelled. Yet!...
is back from University Summer Ball - Had a great time. Saw Feeder Live but missed Diana Vickers  But did the Migraine skank... =/
yeaaaaaa Heaven at Night vid---&gt;BORING!! And ya'll kno I love Cudi 
Mega bummer! We were super ready for the bloodbath, got to the theater just to find that Dead Alive Live had been cancelled 
missing the festivities in atx 
Date Night: @mattrobbins and I picked up the KY Intense cause I like the commercials. But HUGE box. Tiny tube   [?]
Played Fight Night Rd 4 Demo on PS3. WOW its disappointing. The controls are awful. I felt like my boxer was the stay puffed marsh man 
Allergies gone nuts today.  Not at MAAD Portrait Day today for this reason. Red Dot Museum's air-conditioning would kill me.
#confession Day 26 is my guilty pleasure...however, def not a fan of the Stadium Music video...hot song. Horrible video!!! 
Days off &amp; decorating the lounge 
Silly Throwback crowd.......when will you learn? It's under pressure, not ice ice baby 
I think the Tonight is now perfect!! It's like a &quot;SUPER Late Night&quot; now. My ONLY complaint is Andy's not on the couch! 
Rain on Day3 of Royl Cornwl Show but huge crowds in churches tent. Skate ramp off limits tho 
Still kinda pissed that I didn't get my shit together in time to get to The Roots Picnic. I should be in Philly this weekend! 
@powerofpop Why does he sound worse than he did at Weekend Trip NOISE edition? 
Star Wars Night at the Fort Wayne Tincaps baseball game = a magnificent display of the power of the Force. Except that the Caps lost 
BLOG: 7 Days in the Sun: Feeling down  http://tinyurl.com/olabga
Roots Picnic today and I won't be there  this is depressing and maybe I'll just stay in bed.
Not liking the forecast for tomorrow's Ride for Heart. Raingear may be required... 
Bummed that Grace is too sick for us to go to the Rocking Youth Service Planned for Tonight 
@cm_sher I wish I could track down a English audio version for MiD!!  Savage Night is pretty heavy &amp; dark, but has some really hot scenes.
V. emotional day. Visited 1st Guide Dog Pup in kennels. Not seen her since March 2nd. Apparently she is getting stressed making decisions 
I slept 3 times today.  Morning. Lunch. Afternoon nap. Tea. Sleep. Dinner.
Icing my knee  ZUMBAthon was awesome -- raising $$ for Children's Miracle Network = awesome. Lasted 2 1/2 hours.
Went to see Night atthe Museum 2 today, it was awesome  I'm bored though now 
Getting ready for last Sat. performance of &quot;My Favorite Year&quot; at Broadhollow in Elmont... getting misty-eyed  
Enjoyed our 30th annual Graduation and Awards Ceremony at Arlington Christian School last night. My baby girl graduated. 
Still seeking Olympics Opening Ceremony tickets - internet crashed as I was trying to get them and when I got back on, none were avail. 
Missing my CJ-7 on Days like this 
@fabfatties I'm desperate. There is nothing to watch on tv. Now I'm reduced to watching the Hills. Project Rest Weekend is boring. 
I'm off the Agape Grad Night! Wish __ and __ were going... 
Oh no rain! gg to Movie World 
Off to bed now, pretty tired, jobs tomorrow  but then off to see my girlfriend........ and play Sims 3  haha Night ladies and Gentlemen!
Dinner was pretty good. Anniversary date night half over already??  boo.
Was one number off winning a Remington 870 @ the Gun Bash 
My grandparents had their 50th Wedding Anniversary today. It was fun, but now I am very tired... and having LOST withdrawals! AH! 
Apologies for critisizing Borel , not sporting  , as always...it's easy to say from the ground! Night all , Cheers
wants to watch Night at the Musuem and Monsters vs Aliens today but has no one to watch it with. 
@isjoin Yes i go sleep now! Good Night! Sweet Dreams!  
is all sunburnt from scooping ice cream for five hours, outside, for Free Ice Cream Day @ Friendly's 
Hour and a half to go. Finished the Night Angel Trilogy &lt;3 But now there's no more to read 
just watched &quot;Sink into Me&quot; by Taking Back Sunday on Music Videos... anyway Good Night!! I have to wake up Early!! 
Just woke up. I missed Saturday Night Live 
Repeat of the funny Bradley Cooper SNL ep on right now if you have nothing else better to do on a Saturday Night. 
It's hot as hellasia  my sweets @Stu_D0gg left me so I could sleep  guess I'll sleep  Night Young World
Just dropped son off at Airport, he's off to Orlando &amp; NYC - Daughter was at Britney O2 Concert last night,me? Reading  Sunday papers 
Watching Prom Night since I can't watch Drag Me to Hell. 
was awake at half 8 on a sunday morning  whats the world coming to? Off to Middlesbrough Music Live today, see some new bands!
Horrendous weather here today  Daughter going to Capital Radio Summertime Ball festival at Emirates stadium! Looks like dressed 4 Niagra!
Day 2 to Alaska: did a short day and stopped in Lethbridge, AB. Rained almost all day. Snowing in Banff; will probably skip on way up 
is at work. Evening shift till 11 o'clock 
Weekend wrapping up 
Weekend is nearly already over...boo 
No Meet the Press...  trying out Face the Nation and This Week.
I hate Fenway Season. 
Weekend almost over   I don't want to go home
@annabethblue that sucks.  though also reminds me to go check on my own laundry.  Weekend treating you well?
Day from Hell part two... E-Cam goes down and a patient projectile vomits with blood which I narrowly escape.  now the ADAC is acting up. 
Bored... Got the Night Watch and Day Watch Blu-Rays, but nobody to watch it with 
Rained out and I'm soaking wet  On my way home.
Surprise interview today! Gospel Festival tonight! My bracelet is gone but it left a mark.   . I want it back!
Weekend gone to quick 
Metallica's Mexico Setlist for the Second Night was awesome... :o I wish i would have been there 
Week Forcast completely sucks! No boat fun for me 
Weekend went by too fast 
Anywhoo, short but sweet Twitter sessions tonight. Back to Chester tomorrow. Another long coach trip  Night all
Car ride. Home. Weekend is over. 
@ninirific @LOST_WFTB @junkiecat Kathy has brought my headache back on.  I gotta sleep. Night, night!!
Just got done watching Army Wives,it was a great Season Premier. Wanting Sean to come home more than ever now. TEARS   Good Night.
Was gearing up to buy GVB tickets but ticketmaster says they're not on sale till Wed. 10th @ 10 am. Gaither site says the 8th. Sad Day. 
Out at customers site repairing a View deployment. Weekend was not long enough 
Excuse me @btubquiz - can has interesting question please? Afternoon = bleh  [*nudge nudge* @lexiphanic]
#iremember ...EXACTLY I was doing that Early Summer Morning I heard Aaliyah Died. RIP 
@PayPalAustralia I would love to attend your Pay Pal Developer Days... but alas, you're not coming to Tasmania by the looks  
Grand Total : TV:92,OVA:12,Movies:10,Specials:12,Episodes:2,422,DLEps:818,Days:39.34  http://myanimelist.net/animelist/got4close 
Picnic, parties and reunion is over.  But, a new chapter begins.
Definately missed my @FrankieP325, @iamleooo, @JasielV01,@JOCHYY, &amp; @ELCastro this weekend  Gr8 nite 2nite...ending it with a bang! Nite
So, Jonney got fired on The Hertbeat Apprentice  See the pics from the Golf Day online! http://tinyurl.com/m2teey
Week Three of Field School! Out to the Field and then home for some dinner and mischief! No Sox tonight  But Wake and the boys tomorrow!
Weekend...I miss you  *yawn*
really wishing I was going to the Victory Parade today!!! 
The Weekend has ended and now I have to go back to work 
Poitin selected for Acoustic Magazine's semifinal in Exeter for a set at Beautiful Days!! http://bit.ly/10WYiX can't go 
@sopheeeeeee Ah Soph i'd love to but i seriously can't afford it! Weekend after i think i can because that's when i get paid.  Hailstones!
had an amazing time at CMA Fest. I definitely want to go again next year! Enjoying Nashville for 1 more day... 
Got home from work this morning and haven't been able to sleep. It's going to be One Fun Night Tonight! Hmmm 
I get the feeling my &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; DVD is not long for this world 
is stuck in overnight mode! grrr! Days off and I can't sleep 
dang. I didn't know that Lost Fingers were playing at the Festival Franco-Ontarien last week.  
- Monday night is usually Cougar Night at High Noon Saloon. Where the heck are all the Cougars?  
@BackRhoades July?! Jeeeze. Night Rehearsals just sounds dirty to me, so I'm going to call it band camp. ;) I wish I were a band kid. 
Penguins' Victory Parade highlights on TV. Makes me sad. 
Countdown....4 more days till I go to south carolina! It's late and I wish I didn't have to sleep alone 
Eric Roberson's 'If I Had A Chance' gets me everytime. Off to sleep. I think I messed me poor knee up  Night Night
Well I watch the whole first season of The Listener today and that was about it. I didn't watch true blood or get any reading done  Night.
Head ache.  need sleep. Throat hurts. Am I complaining to much? Night
Desperately looking for The Music's Into The Night  I need it to fulfill my dose of nostalgia.
got free tix for Video Games Live this Friday @ Indoor Stadium... Hubby can't make it coz he's working... Then I wanna go with who:... 
@tgsara @skysosmrt we'll miss WIUO &amp; Woolshed Sessions and now @RosyTinTeacaddy too! All by 1 or 2 days! Holiday planing FAIL. (booourns) 
OMFG, I am stuck in Groundhog Day, Get up, go to work, be bored, go home. Get up...fuck sake. Roll on college 
Although I dont really want kids I'm a mother hen at heart. Miss you already DJJ....  Night/Morning Twitter.
Weight loss update Week 5, non mover. 
@DaaaaveK Last Night we went to cinema and at 90mph a tire bursts.That was crasy but we`re doing well.BUT we`ve missed the movie 
is finally back from DOWNLOAD 09, Slip Knot were the highlight of the event!! Sunday night was a let down, no end of Festival Fireworks?! 
@DavidOMahony i tried to buy Dark Night of the Soul from Book Depository, but got an email to say the line has ended  gay.
Dawn of War 2 doesn't seem to like my PC - wont sign into LIVE 
Bit gutted Live is down for the day. I'll be at a loss 
Family Fun Day at Heritage PS this Sat - bring your wetsuits   Is there an official 'no rain ' dance?
@mariaonthego Ive liked KOL for awhile, I just really think 'Only By the Night' is the best. &amp; omfg @ your parasite?! are you okay? 
Rockin On Rockband some more. Crazy Party Weekend.. and I kinda regret it  You Can tell.. Its def showing. Haha
Watchin The Holiday - Yay its one of my favourites 
Just finished Outreach Com. Today is Yellow Day at VBS, 220 kids + leaders in Yellow Shirts-Fun! I didn't get the memo &amp; wore blue.   !
Another Slow Day On Tha Job 
@kidvai humm so much expense for a side role, &amp; he just told me they will give a Month's stay , yeah something is Fishy .. 
Looks like I may have gout.  Figures, I can't go anywhere and Live is down too.  
@Nyisles316 I got it too, we should play co-op on Live later...wait, nevermind 
@JeremyAkers yeah, i need to work out be4 I play 2day but can't quite seem to roll out of bed.  2 hrs be4 Event 34 nlh 1500
Blah! I like thought Spring was gone?? Can't take this Rain &amp; no Sunshine!  13 more Days til my B-day I hope it don't rain on my Parade!
is sat at home on his Anniversary with @MissPennieLane writing a review for a gig he didnt attend. Sums everything up truth be told 
Day 2 of Masters program: Completed 10 min presentation, now moving on to my 130 pages of assigned article reading for TONIGHT 
Exam tomorrow, SO excited ughhh  i hope you caught on to my sarcasm haha. Night guys xo
What!? I guess I can't play Mass Effect while Live is down 
Is waiting for xbox Live to come back 
I was declared &quot;Worst Comment of the Day&quot; on Jezebel.com today.  
is now going to bed. Getting up @ 3am, leaving hotel @ 4am, then flying back home, far away from the FoL, the GoL, the BoL...  Night, all!
is now going to bed. Getting up @ 3am, leaving hotel @ 4am, then flying back home, far away from the FoL, the GoL, the BoL...  Night, all!
Played bejeweled blitz on fb, but whatever upgrade they did, its not saving my high score.   Good Night all you twitterbees!
My mind just had 18525963 pounds of extra, not wanted, or needed things added to it  ugh. Here we go. Going to bed. Night.
@tessaroseb I miss my sluttt  drinks very soon!! Countdown is.. like 12.5 days!!! xx ps. I love that you tell me you wrote on his wall aha
Midnight frisbee golf? Now I really DO wish I had bought those glow-in-the-dark discs when I had the chance.  #squarespace #trackle
@LieveLouise Guilty! Am just downloading some music and creating a new playlist, incl lots of Jordan Sparks. NZ Music Month just finished 
It's not looking like a great day. Event cancelled and a letter from work. 
I'm at #reddot Community Day @ Madejski Stadium (techie track)  Content is good! The chairs, however, are not 
Oh no. When I move in a few weeks, I'm going to have to turn in my DVR &amp; w/ it &quot;Casino Night&quot;,&quot;Women's Appreciation&quot; &amp; &quot;The Pie-lette&quot; 
This is Mama Fox.  2 Days after I took this, she was run over by a car!   http://twitpic.com/7m7r5
@B_Ride1 i wasn't even home last night  had to take care of somethings.. ill be home today thou. i'll hit you up.
A Week Of Empty School Ahead.. 
Hooray! Graduation practice than lifeguarding! 
Came to Work 30 minutes late, just to be alone..Everyone in my office is at an Afternoon Meeting 
Listening to Mayday Parade while trying to find something to do xD   want to write a song, but got no ideas 
Moved to war-room from my regular seat as we have a major release coming up. Weekend is going to be busy. 
Doin nothin..on my Anniversary 
Booo, I have to go to bed now  I hate these fucking curfews, I feel like I'm 12, not 21. FFS. Night all xx
@eddikat They do TWiT Live either right before or during Method 1 Live 
Considering restoring my iPhone and getting rid of the jailbreak. I gotta watch Live baseball via MLB at bat. #goodbye-qik-and-cycorder 
I need a new Justice album in my life bout' now  Crookers are pretty jammin in the meantime but not to krazy about the Day 'n' Night remix
Two more sleeps till I see The Getaway Plan on Saturday. Sucks this the last time they will be playing ever. 
Wound up staying up for tonight's X-Files eppy on Sci-Fi.  Season 9, Jump the Shark--so sad.  I loved the Lone Gunmen   Night all!
@PaulaLanzador my tv is pants and can't watch Late Night or The Tonight show 
rehearsed for 'My Tribute' song again.. really hard for me to focus on tenor notes  gonna studied hard for it for tomorrow..
Week been so bad I have a fever blister  should have just slapped all that pissed me off &amp; called 1-800-NOT GUILTY
Rained off! 
I still miss..  In dire need of bonding time! As in 3 HOURS or more. Just like the old times. :| Hayy. Night y`all.
I missed the No_Fires show last night. Night classes. 
Watching the Toronto Song Contest...not usually a super-snarky chick, but some of thes performances are making my eyeballs bleed. 
http://twitpic.com/7q2du - Angelina Jolie gives remarks at World Refugee Day #UNHCR FYI she did not adopt me 
Bacon of the Month Club sounds awesome [via @yahoo] Shame it seems to be US only 
@meltingpointath Swing Nights! Heck yeah! I wish I hadn't gotten rid of all my swing dancing dresses from high school/college 
Last Party Night Here 
@billgerrard Tomorrow is a media event in the morning. Not sure what time, yet. No Elephant Brunch this year. 
RE:  Last Meal Contest - should also add UltimateFoodie contributors are encouraged to respond - but can't win the card 
@baobinga You're right and course it'd've been alright if I'd quit reason and Live b4 rendering! I am dim 
@LJM_x Sorrrrryyy, my laptop cut out  NIght night (: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Hey @SteveKanter 5 hours was just to short  lol oh well mabey ill catch the next one  (Peel a Meal Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/j5)
favorite song, Summertime Clothes from AnCo's Merriweather Post Pavilion. Hercules and Love Affair was cancelled  tomorrow is Friday..:-D
Also: This is the last year of Midnight Mass, this makes me sad. 
tf2 isn't very far away!! - i'm going to the Midnight session since no aussie premiere 
@MarkyBlackburn  sad I missed the festivities tonight
Guess I should go to sleep. I hope I can. Not looking forward to work tomorrow. Busiest shift and its Friday. Fuuuck.  Night all. x.
I'm still not done packing  And I have to be in Houston by 9am! Imma call it a night and pray I wake up in time!! Night twitters!
It's Midsummer  and it's raining....   What am I gonna do today? Play some music! ;P
stage 1 down. Now at Heathrow - bug fixes for #SharePoint Personal Status:  really not looking forward to Friday Night rush hour on #M25 
weather is looking rather terrible now. Weekend washout? 
listening to collide by Howie Day. Awesome song. I cant remember what movie ive heard it from.  I think it may be A Cinderella Story. hmm.
The deer ate my tomato plants   I hope it provided them with sustenance!  Alumni Weekend here I come!
Looks like Hog Wild Days might get some rain tonight 
It's official; I will not be going to Lobby Days.   
@Paezmp Thanks Girl, yes I'm not work on the Weekend @ least my Reg. #Job.  sorry U gotta work...
Won the bball camp championship!!!! Week went by too fast 
College Is Finished    Misssss it already   ... &amp;  Soundtrack To A Blockbuster are playing at the Classic Grand on the 4th July, Tic ...
Getting ready for Fathers Day.Found the card n presents.Going to the casino buffet,tons of food and even more Cigarette Smoke 
Wow. REALLY disappointing response on Dog Blog Radio show &quot;Kids-n-Dogs Safety for Parents&quot; on June 25th     blogtalkradio.com/dogblogradio
Really want Wil Wheatons new books Sunken Treasure and The Happiest Days of our Lives, but alas, no money and living in England hinders! 
@kdelguercio I got caught u running errands for my own work  Raincheck for monday? What's up this weekend?
@noebie Crap. I forgot about National Martini Day.  I just opened a bottle of blush wine too. Damn it...
Looks like Nostalgia Days is a wash-out tonight.  http://flic.kr/p/6xPcoP
Rained out 
can't believe i missed Friday Night with @Wossy  Spain tomorrow though! Whos excited? Me! x
@epiphanygirl No Epiphany Quiz tonight 4 tix? 
Watching a BlackBuster movie with my daddy! WooHooo Harlem Nights 
Poop, Truck Race postponed until 1:30 PM tomorrow. 
Off to bed. Hope I don't dream of KAT dyeing  Nighty Night :3 &lt;3
Currently at TCU seeing Twelfth Night w/ Whitney &amp; Natalie. Trinidee had to leave  Get to feeling better!!
 ... Rained out truck race
Well TwitFam, its been a busy Fri. Worked w/ @bigggc @ studio (luv my THB fam). Met some awesome people. Then got tummy ache  Nite, Nite!
I love the Chinatown Night Market! I wanted to get bbq squid tentacle but nobody would share with me.  http://twitpic.com/7vcak
Night safari half price anyone wanna go? Nv been to Night Safari b4 
@Nycteris  I just wish I had people to do Craft Night with at all!  Just one person, even. The only potential one is moving away.... 
Uneventful night... 
@IamSpectacular  yea 4real i thought u said u love your fans u left us hanging   (Spectacular Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/3m2D)
Not quite sure why the Heineken girls aren't working the HEINEKEN Hot Hawaiian Nights concert tonight!! boooo.... 
So sad the Week of Exotic Handbag Giveaways is over  Lots of love to @PurseBlog and @Luxaholics! Looking forward to more collaborations!XO
Late Night Heresay: Was just told Baraza is closing on June 27th   Many an enjoyable night spent within those confines
Just got back to my room from NHC Club Night.  Fun stuff!  Looking forward to 5 sessions tomorrow.  Sadly, my family goes home 
Horrible End of the Night!!!!!  Bad Date!! And this is why...
Drive to Brantford was nice. Hate to have to drive back alone though  At least not at this moment. Time to sleep. Night world.
Home from work. Now waiting on Pizza. WOOP!. Night off tonight. Back into the study tomorrow. 
today is JB First 2009 World Tour Concert! and im not gonna be there 
Flooding in Southeast Ohio. Adventure Ride officially canceled. Going to check it out anyway. Lousy Rain 
Holy crazy clashes Batman!  Jets V Pohang &amp; StateOfOrigin both kickoff Wed Night 7:30pm 
Weekend, :| boring as always 
It's Saturday night and I'm not feeling well. Canceled Fete de la Musique and drinks in my friend's bar. *Sobs* 
It's Saturday night and I'm not feeling well. Canceled Fete de la Musique and drinks at my friend's &quot;bar in progress.&quot; *Sobs* 
I am going to go to bed. After being betrayed  Work tomorrow. ily Luke. Night world xoxx
@GloriaOliver I can't watch Land of the Lost Will Ferrel is one of my least favorite actors ever  But Night at the Museum ws great.
Grump Days parade this morning and partying tonight!! What more would u want?? lol Its not really as great as it sounds! lmfao 
grrrr, Can't get to Free Rpg Day today. Will likely miss the Pathfinder Bonus Bestiary 
What a  DAY today..tired and felt sleepy  btw, im soooooo addicted to Mafia Wars! 
Back home. Dramatic night.  time to rest and recover. Night world. - http://tweet.sg
...Holla it's International Surfing Day! Go out and get your surf on! I'll be stuck at work! 
Watching 'One Night With The King' man I miss working at the Family Christian Store 
Oh man! Tomorrow is Skate Day in DC... Hope the weather isn't bad. Rain &amp; Skating don't mix...I get great shots during skate day 
@susankildahl @chuckblakeman It was a Perfect Patio Night!! Sorry I missed it! Couldn't get away 
Gorgeous weather yesterday... unexpected rain this morning.   Ride to the beach today looks unlikely.
@sadcypress I wish I could bring it to Midsummer Madness tonight!  Alas, she has to stay in the theatre.  
Wish I could be in Milan for Men's Fashion Week 
@geeksdreamgirl YAY for Free RPG Day. Boo to my LGS (- friendly!) who wouldn't give me a copy of the 4e adv, although I spent $40 there! 
A woman who opens the door of a wine shop shall be burned, by Hammurabi's code. No Ladies' Nights in Babylon  #fb
@JulieMorganizer - Shed &amp; Share. Started late  but today is World Refuge Day  so &quot;shed&quot; the good stuff to local refugee centre. Win-Win!
@JulieMorganizer - Shed &amp; Share. Started late  but today is World Refuge Day  so &quot;shed&quot; the good stuff to local refugee centre. Win-Win!
The Kickoff Concert on the Green has been cancelled  Keep an eye out for other smaller concerts later this summer.
Midnight snack. Yay 
off to bed at 9.20pm on a SATURDAY... how sad am I ??  Night Folks
Dinner plans utterly nukes by sick childminder and sick children-to-be-minded. Bah. Double whammy upset. In, no supper, mopping brows. 
saw Year One yesterday.. wasnt too happy with it...  so im going to see The Hangover now...  with some lovely franns
Thirsty, but I can't me arsed to go down &amp; get a drink, looks like it's the bathroom tap for me 
Bah, I really do feel like a bit of a dick. I keep doing it to myself  Anyway, off to bed. Night all!
Still rockin it out at The Alive Festival. Last day...  I think Elijah is into the music.  http://twitpic.com/7ya37
Would love to see family tweeps reviews on Sugarbush's FREE Kids' Day. Sadly, I couldn't make it  #btv
Waited too long to get into the Retro Fright Night movie in ReactionGrid!  Can;t get in now 
i'm so not enjoying toronto right now .  ugly has weather .. A Night At The Roxbury is a CLASSIC movie tho. =]
I scored 4 Series 3 Mix 'n' Match Toys at Toys R Us today!!! I'm going to get a lot of cool toys!!! Srry, no contest this time!!! 
bout to watch Harlem Nights by myself cus my boo is out of town 
still sitting here sweating my arse off. atleast hearing &quot; One Night In Bangkok&quot; @ Woodman's helped take my mind off the fricken humidity 
Weekend yang Membosankan.. 
Laptop still R.I.Ping. I hope the IT guys at church can fix it tomorrow   Night night for now xoxo.
Cultural Fiesta Night, cancelled? 
misses her critters, at Grammy's Doggie Day Camp for a few days. House is so quiet without them... 
My stomach needs to simmer down, ASAP! Ow, ow, ow!  It better not hurt when I wake up tomorrow. Night
Thirsty too.. 
Nite over bout to chill wit sum Nice young ladies shouts out to domii and sophii. Nite was wamp... I can't f wit corona functions 
Relax, trying to get rid of the haedache that came with my Birthday Party Last Night ....  
Barely going to sleep right now  tired.. Nights tweeters.
Weekend`s soon to be over. How sad. 
British GP looking dull at front.  Miserable.  Feel too ill to ride bike.  Sponsored ride next Saturday so need to get on it.  Bah 
Last Night = Worst Night Of The Year,,,unbelievable  
Watching British F1 GP Live..Found Polish and Chinese Live Video Feeds..I could have done with Eng or Japnese, thats what u get for FREE 
Weekend went too fast 
Recovery  From A Night Out!
Saw @sinabsolution, @helloluis, @marco_palinar, @mikevillar and some cute girl at Fete last night. But was too shy to say hi 
@sabrina_scott you are soo lucky.  I have Fathers Day family stuff to do in Ham so i will miss the show. Me and VIP passes too  enjoy
Father's Day bike ride, PD2 FW design work (last 20% taking 80% of the time) but no Acid Jazz Jam tonight  http://Jazzhacker.net
SPN  Season Finale tonight 
Feeling refresh gonna hit the sack in a bit. But the weather is so HOT! Weekend's over too soon..yes? 
Season Finale next week  NOOO im so going to miss 90210 on a monday :'(
@flyboypatrick It must be different through my eyes. Season 1 is on it's own but I still love the rest. I just can't take Heroes bad talk 
Arrggghhhhhh! Mornings are hard sometimes 
@SongzYuuup Totally wasn't at Birthday Bash!  I'll eventually see you perform. Maybe at V-103's Car and Bike Show
Good Ol' Week Days, I Miss My Hubby!!!!! 
@LoHo_Live me too  ps - have you seen my tweets? they're absolutely horrible. spelling+grammar = non-existent on twitter
@IamSpectacular how come u neva start freaky hour on time anymore   (Spectacular Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/3m2D)
Just bought my dad's Father's Day present (Bit late I know lol) and downloading X-Plane. I wish there was Flight Simulator X for Mac. 
Where's Montreal?   Sunny Day Real Estate reunites for tour; reissues planned http://tr.im/puHs (via @Punknews)
Hey Monday, This Providence, Friday Night Boys, Stereo Skyline, and The Bigger Lights are in my hometown and I'm not there   Love all you.
Met an editor from Event News where I used to work. Really wish I could go back, but their paychecks can't pay the bills. 
Thinking about dropping by @JugShop for tonight's Pinot Days tasting -- since I can't make the main event this weekend. 
From my debut album &quot;After the Laughter  &quot; droppin in July. And of course some of the Classics/CRAY-Z joints. This one is Kind of a B ...
Hey @IamSpectacular  y is ma ustream sooo slow??   (Spectacular Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/3m2D)
Oh... Son of a bitch...  Footy Show is on... Going to eat into my gaming time...  Bring on Friday Night bitches!
OK then , tomorrow is THE day - Double D Day!  - Double Mastectomy   but then &quot;Fabulous&quot; New Boobies after. - Hopefully
Just went on a late night search to try and find the new Fight Night 4 game for PS3. No luck 
Virgin America's A Day in the Clouds was SO hard. Brain busting, for sure. 
Midnight snack: grilled cheese. It's been a weird last couple of days. I want to get back to my new normal. 
Nite people! Early get up and go in the morning!  
Drama Night last night was FANTASTIC! So sad it's over now though... 
Bed time. Finish listening to Viva la Vida first. Night all. Thoughts and prayers to Kim who is clearly ill. Up at 5 AND no vodka. RIP 
@Bash Weaksauce it's sold out 
Trying 2 get my hearing back.  Went 2 c Drowning Pool last night. Concert rocked but forgot my earplugs 
Day trading, Renewal Calls, Battle for Middle Earth II... neck pain 
Hungry but nothing sounds good   Week 3 of no carbs
I think I am the only person who is enjoying today's brain based learning lecture... that is fine.  I'm used to being weird ha! Thirsty 
Haven't tweeted nearly all day  Posted my website tonight, hopefully that goes well  Night time!
Rocking out to No Doubt and gonna start up some more Neverwinter Nights 
@ariherzog Fun stuff!  Night Ari!  I'm sure blip will be there tomorrow! 
ok so the twilight book is pretty addicting, chapter 6, now its time for some sleep.. Good Night Tweeps 
i'm thinking i'm blessed that ive a cmputr &amp; a fireplace on ths cold evening. Feeling content, I shall scuttle on off 2 bd  Nite all
I just joined my first ever Battle over at BOTB, vote for me okay guys? 
I will be enjoying my long vacation starting tomorrow!  I'll also be doing some reflection in the spirit of the Lenten Season! ;)
Awww hell! Disturbed on now! Inside the Fire followed by The Night! 
Good Night World! I see you tomorrow! 
Taken my black 2 sleep Good Night Twitter Familyyyyyyyyyyyy  / if u aint hierd the new music listen now myspace.com/russianrullet1 Enjoy
Countdown: 7:16 h until my vacation will start  8 days off, better than nothing. 
Mkay. Done packing for the most part, and Ready for bed. Next twit, in California! haha Night everyone 
@studiomag http://twitpic.com/2vwii - ooo i remember this one. Picnic on the top of sennen with your burnt sausages 
New Holiday Parade CD! Awesome 
Downloading the 22nd episode of Heroes  (Season 3) 
Concert in the Web ! ! ! LIVE  ... Martin Jondo Konzert Live stream! 07.4.2009 - at 9 pm @ http://www.reggaenews.de Jeeehhhaaaaa ! NICE 
Alright Fellow Tweeters! gonna call it a night  just want to say i appreciate all of you and i am grateful for all y'all  Night
Afternoon  Listening to Dreamboats and Petticoats and wishing it was the Cast album instead!
ThinkN it's a Great Day to Skip off to the Royal's Home OpenR  C U THERE!!!
Last day!  Trivia tonight as well as pizza and cheap beer   woo hoo
@mikebairos we don't have tix just going to attend festivities 
Hey watch this Cranberries - Zombie Concert Video in Paris http://bit.ly/EFOHL great song, GREAT everything 
@pwts are on Late Night w. Jimmy Fallon tonight. 
Party for the Planet at The Living Desert today!  Admission: $5.  I'm off for a gorgeous walk!  Love to Planet Earth! 
80HD Concert: FREE SHOW!!!  Tonight 5:30-12 @ BW College on Beech Street. Come support this really awesome band!! They rock! 
A-Day Game! &amp; Family in town! What a great day! ROLL TIDE! 
Healthy Kids Day at Touchdown in Otay Ranch. Go! 
Crazy Awesome Bass Line of the Day goes to...Kings of Leon with &quot;Manhatton&quot;....just listen. Buuuhhh du du dum bum bum bum! 
This Week: PROMOTION Next Week: CHAMPIONS!!! 
Beautiful Saturday morning!  Perfect day to register for @RailsConf     Also, I should figure out when Flex 4 is coming out!
finally posted Holy Week and Easter music on the blog. Next up: practice, spending time w/friend from Sacramento ... then Drabble Night! 
Slumber Party @ Y50 tonight   Round of 'truth or dare' in queue !
Registration for the Husker Fans Salute to the Troops Weekend in Lincoln, NE is now open to all veterans of the US Armed Forces.  
@bobbyllew Lister and Kryten Live for One Night Only! 
Creatures Of The Night! New 4am project blog post http://is.gd/tbQY Are you digging the 4am Project? Tell your friends. pls rt! 
Anniversary today. 
@VVBrown :o Your following me!! I saw you on the Sunday Night Project ages ago!! And I loved your song Crying Blood  Eeeek 
Saturday Night Live no FOX agora... 
dbtp.org Chatroom Setlist Discussion will be begin at 8:00pm EST  Drop in and share your thoughts on set  http://tinyurl.com/brll3f
Tonight the MAVS win.    Tomorrow brings the Texas Wine and Food Festival.
Watching Heroes Season1 Box Set. Can't wait for season 4 to start and season 3 to release on DVD! 
@SteveGarufi  Nite Nite  Enjoy your sunday!  God bless! Will chat soon! Take care!
Yup. Going to sleep. Night guys. 
Comfy sweats and my GrandView shirt  go vikings...haha...homework and then trying to attempt getting some sleep. Night lovebugs.
Goodness, I should go to bed. Dim sum for lunch tomorrow. YUMMY! Night my lovies 
Well its time to call it a night! Night-E Nite peepz!  Xoxo 
Listen  Live Sunday Breakfast Tunes Dj B-rok aka FatalGroove on http://lounge.decksharks.fm/ and http://www.decksharks.com
Another beautiful Day Westport CT. Painting interior, when will I ever finish 
Heading out to set up our booth for Earth Day at The LAB in Costa Mesa...Come say Hi 
@thenamesmeghan @iheartrocknroll @zenchantress @Loricar ***Wade is my Super Sexy Wet Profile Pic of the Day... Enjoy, I know I am 
Morning twittwers Event expo this morning ....then back to packing !! 11 more days 
Just getting up. Making lobster ravioli w/alfredo sauce. Breakfast of champions 
Just won a Green Day 21st Century Breakdown Fox Theatre Program on eBay for $6.00. (And free shipping!) Very happy right now. 
Heard: Son parodying song heard on Weekend Radio. &quot;I am the Lord of the Dance, you see. Dance, dance 'til your pants fall down, you see.&quot; 
Really misses hanging out in Redlands...@vcervantes We should hang out at the Vault this week and go to Market Night! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 
Nite nite tweeties.  Catch ya on the flip side. 
@Wossy Morning Wossy. ust caught last week's Fri Night programme.Get Hugh Jackman back each week!!  Most amused by the Lady Gaga interview
Presence in the days.. Elev8 Spectacular Spectacular at night... PERFECT! 
Earthday?........are these people serious.......really..go hug a tree or something. 
@davehillman ah, you didn't get the memo? this weekend was Conundrum Days in Maryland 
@sternshow welcome back! Stern Fight Week was great 
sunny lunch listening! The Shins - Wincing The Night Away......ahhhh the sound of summer 
Watching Mock the Week DVD again  love it.
I can't wait for my Showcase Presents: Booster Gold to get here!  It comes on Wednesday! I'm so excited!
Countdown: done with exams-3 days, residents leave-5 days, I leave-1 week, Birthday-1 week,  Bahamas-9 days, Wolverine Origins-9 days 
is going to the beach for a while. Would you care to join me? Picnic, sunbathing, fun and frolics. Alrighty then, who is game on then?  
is loving 2562's Aerial album, especially Channel Two!  http://bit.ly/103FHb [@Bash, you might like this... ] #fb
@MisfitGeek armadillos mostly!!  home defense/sitting in case mostly, not carrying. Live in the deep woods on a river. #gun
Monday Night Worship Party starts tonight at 7:00.  Come if you can!  
I'm tiyaaaad. G'night twatter. Filipino Heritage Night tomorrow 
@mike_nelson Hey, I'm a Night Owl...not to be confused with THE Nite Owl...I often start movies this late, umm, early! 
@manmom were you watching Countdown too? 
@Spook26 if this is really how babies are made, my mom lied when she said it was a beautiful thing... Have a great Intern'tl Maiden Day! 
-sigh- I have to clean some more when I wake up. Scotty's coming over on Wednesday. Love you all! Night! 
@EarthDay09  only been on twitter for a few days and I must say it's heartwarming to see how wonderful and caring this community is 
@quirkydame she called that late? Holy cow. Night night! See you tomorrow 
YW  @Iconic88 Good Night.
Caught up watching movies. 5am. Oh my. Night night! 
Watching Saturday Night Live: Wii Guys on Hulu: http://tinyurl.com/aaj2pa  LOL! 
Wonderful night - dinner at the north end and Spring Awakening  third time seeing it, and it still makes me cry lol go see it!
Weekend again.. 
Almost complete with Hoop Days 
Bed is calling. Good Night Everyone 
@WinObs Windows Live Butterfly??? 
Laughing Clowns were AWESOME last night. Carbie declares 2nd of May the official Rootin' Tootin' Foto Shootin' Day!  Promo shoot &amp; gig!
@thehillsfan1 Good Night Krystal 
@EricaNurney  Have to go now Heather .I''ll  be on later, Going to Sailing Club for Dinner,See you later 
off 2 bed nah.......Tryna change da future by livin n da present......I wonder wat happens next!!!!!!!!  Suprise me....Nite.Nite. 
Nighty Night!!! I'm Blamin somethin 2night....get sillllly 
Just watched Bride Wars...Looks like its Movie Night for alot of us tonight!!! 
@krystynchong http://twitpic.com/48z57 - oh, this is why I thought you where on Live... 
Gala was fun - Staff of the Year &lt;3 ... Last Night of Duty...can't wait for next Friday 
Party Down just gets better and better.  Night, all!
it was a good day, good start 2 wkend! Today Show fan passes, meeting Dane Cook . Going to bed now.  Night all. Talk tomorrow 
Nation Free Comic Book Day! 
@Nurseholistic: Happy Derby Day!  my BEST friend DA and Grands r in KY (((huggles to all my Kentucky Girls)))
Saw McFLY last night; WOWIE! @tommcfly  ; @dougmcfly ; @dannymcfly ; @mcflyharry, Thanks for such an Amazing Night  Loved it! =]
Spent my Labor Day with my best friends&lt;33  we had so much fun&lt;3 Thinkin' of those days&lt;3
Free Comic Book Day!  WOOHOO! 
Can't believe I have to work on Free Comic Book Day! Come on, lunch break!  #fcbd
We had Opening Night of Guys And Dolls yesterday!!!!  It went AMAZiNG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I have another show tonight!!!!!  
Weekend with manchester united 
We are going to be Live in about Five Minutes  http://www.blogtv.com/People/therealahu125
Picnic in the sunny zoo 
Almost finished work!  YEEE! Sleepover time? A-yeeeeeeee 
Setting up for Kick 4 a Cure 
@clairecmc haaaa MO has Truman Days and TX has Bush Daze. 
Late Night with the Bears was the highest rated show on Norse Code Radio for Spring 2009. The bears reign! 
New video is coming tomorrow for the BIG Giveaway's and Big Special Guest.... Wait to see who they are 
Next Saturday the Red bull Air Races are here in San Diego! And I'm on VACATION  COOL......
Ready to get my Saturday going....even though I feel so lazy  Think I'm taking mom to Home Depot, then maybe Habana, then fight party...
Good Deed for the Day: Gonn stop at the Senior Citizen Center and invite two ol'Gals to the Race Track tomorrow 
Woo! Weekend! Chilling in st pete with matt 
I almost forgot it was Free Comic Book Day! And I work in a Comic Shop occasionally! Oops... Thanks Twitter 
@markhoppus from one SW fan to another, its Free Comic Book Day! And they're giving out a clone wars comic for free at comic book stores 
Indianna Jones Marathon: watched every movie (YES, even the lame 4rth once) EXCEPT for Temple of Doom. Maybe tomorrow. Night, tweets! 
Time for some much needed rest. Work on a Sunday? Yuck. Night Twitter! 
Listening to  Music Choice's Adult Alt. and just now was Barenaked Ladies's &quot;One Week&quot; ? http://twt.fm/89158  Whee!
tomorrow is another day. Night Twitches n Twiggas. Plz brush yall teeth b4 y'all hop on Twitter tomorrow. 
Phone was dead the whole time but the Rally for Kids Gala was DOPE!!! 
@Deva09IAME hehehe   Sweet Dreams babe  ... Good Night x
@a_willow Hey - I stepped away.  Working on a lens .    Morning/Night  LOL
Going to bed finally! Long day, can't wait till we start getting some songs down!  Night Loves, Jaimee 
Ghost Whisperer Season 4 Marathon Me thinkie! 
Be Kind Rewind is on HBO tonight 
@_bounce_  Afternoon  Lovely Avatar
Just got Home! Playing Drums on Rock Band 2 with Good Friends Makes for a Fun and Silly Sat Night! Go Alex Chilton! 
Wonderful sleep time. I hope I can wake up in time for Queer As Folk even though I need as much sleep as possible. Night all. 
Headin to church for another AWESOME Super Church Day! 
more Jersey.. Bamboozle Day 2 with the crew. XOXO to them..NO DOUBT TODAY!!! 
@SKDickey Congrats girl!!! Celebrate anyway...it's quite an accomplishment! 
bk in Tahara after a fun weekend! Kite Fest and Nagano Tour pics coming soon!  No work until Thurs! Study time ahead. Viva Golden Week! ?
Friday Night Hammersmith Amazing 
On the ride home. Hour one of eight. 
@GammaInfinity It just brightened up my rainy day over here. Just in time for Polaroid Week, too! 
@Landfrau Evening (probably nighty night time already for you)! I've been dragging all day due to lack of sleep but so very worth it. 
Goood Night Twitter im going to Bed Coz it Is Like 2:30am in the Morning the Uk so basicly It Is Monday today  bye a good reast of ur Sund
Tomorrow Nite @ Club 'Home' I'm havin a small gathering of friends to celebrate my bday.  Come thru everyone,   grown n sexy attire &amp; 21+
@DixieReb &quot;Live and let live&quot; is the conservative agenda? Then why not marriage equality for all?  
@33L Count me out.. On strict diet!!  Re: Breakfast
Bedtime...Night Everyone! 
@beebo_wallace Good Night Beebo! 
At Streets for trivia, listening to The Final Countdown, a song I will forever link with Emmett and @TMLO. Make it stop-I can't take it! 
Hmmm, sometimes i wish things were different. Anyways, offf to beddyby. Nighty Night 
Mothers Day Deal: FREE Shipping on Discovery Toys orders of $35.00 or more thru 5/10~ DM to order!!! 
I am off to bed Good Night Twitter World 
@inspiremetoday  Best Days to chat are Wed and Thurs this week. Home editing. Let me know what might work 4 U. 
Monday sure comes fast. lol Bed time for me! Nighty Night Twitter Peeps 
Time to sleep. Why can't the weekend be one day longer? Or more than one ;) Summer sounds better every day. Night 
Okay. Something tells me I need to call it a night, bring it down. Night night. Starry stars. 
@BlakeBennetts I lost mine working this wknd! In bed now.  Giving up! Nite nite! 
Special mention for the new Mean Girl @LemonsAreSour... welcome her! &amp; if you're not already, FOLLOW HER!! Night 
Gdnight Tweeters (: Night @athenakg sleep tight and don't steal my blankets  Otay! I love YOUS
Days with cellstorms, I like it! 
Awake and almost recovered from my Brother's Wedding at the Weekend 
Download movie  &quot;A Good Day to Be Black &amp;#38 Sexy&quot; http://tinyurl.com/ckmkul cool #movie
About to go to school to help my mother set up for Teacher Appreciation Week. How ironic is that, Natalee?! 
Really tired, and need to be up in the morning... Off to bed. Good Night All!!! 
@klm I knew that. I attended an innovation seminar at Picnic 2007. 
@ravenbeauty78 Me. You. COUNTING CROWS! Table Mountain Casino Event Center (near Fresno). July 19. Are we there or are we there??  
@Ms_SRod Shouldn't you know your National Holidays? 
@GetSmart86 haha...Live long &amp; prosper. The movie was better than I thought, they did an awesome job, I'm pleased 
@davorado Bet she plays on Medium and you play on easy too huh...  #iPhone #Fun #Game
A slice of pizza, a movie (Star Trek), and a shared hot fudge sundae @ Sundae House. Saturday nights are Date Nights again 
had a kickass day full of Seaworld, retarded 15 year old guys, and X-Men Origins. Win day? 
Time for me to go to sleep! It's almost 1am. Night everyone! Happy mothers day to all the moms out there 
Loved Wanda Sykes' performance at the White House Correspondent's Association Dinner 
I think I might have to call it a night. Getting that falling feeling, need to fall into bed. Night, night, tweople! 
@PrincessArchie Remember to put your phone on silent! lol  Night loveees 
Saturday Night Live in 3 minutes  Jimmy should still be on it.
Ready to crash!...had a great day and a FUN night! I couldn't ask for anything more  Night!
Finally back in bed with my puppies after a LONG week in Jamaica. loved it, but lve to be home too!! Night 
@MA12CUS - You can do yiiiit!  Night 
This is for all of you ppl! The 1 year Anniversary Video. http://is.gd/ysbs more to come after the break 
Rove Live in 3 mins, kinda excited. 
@Jennifalconer I was happy to see on Something For the Weekend that Flight of the Conchords is back on BBC4! 
had such a lazy weekend, tv, dvds and studying. Cant wait till friday.. Christinas B-Day Weekend.. 
365 Days to Change ... Todo Na 'To Concert Tomorrow night @ Music Museum! 
Here's another one you gotta watch - http://tinyurl.com/d8ehp7 Reminds me of Obama's Inaugural Concert 
@KristenObaid Weekend exercise will never be the same again once it opens... 
Excited for Victory Variety Hour at it's new home. Tonight at Bordello - 2 #burlesque shows. 9:30 and 11:00 - bring your mom 
Mornin'/Afternoon whit momz...Eve/Night whit momz N law...great day...holllerrrz 
Pretty In Pink ;; Movie Night By Myself 
@Greek4Honeybee Night Sunshine  luv ya
@SouthernBell22 I will prob be at club empo! Stay LOCKED IN dear. Love ya! Night night. I will get some ZZZZzzs for u! 
Night plays with squirrels. I'm praying for you and you family  I love you.
Chill ass day and I'm ready for bed! Hahaha Night 
Ahhh Shower, Bomb Dinner . . Tyme to Make my legal cheat sheet for my Math Finals 2morrow 
@Willie_Day26 Wish I coulda taken that shot of Patron with ya'll, even tho i think Patron tastes like ass  Congratulations on everything!
I got into the Baseball Slugger: Home Run Race 3D beta  it is fun looking forward to its public release.
@damnitspirate Celebrities Night club - Vancouver's hottest gay club-ke vancouver yok, maybe that's where they did the YES dance 
Hangin out watching news &amp; your tweets ! How are you? Send me a tweet and I will send ya one back  Soc. Media LATE Night
Countdown to birthday: 2 days 
Tot preparat per la Season Finale. Seeeeeee! 
Heading out for TechEd. Man this drive into Downtown is killing me. Am going to be on This Week on Channel 9 today... I'm pretty excited. 
@KELLY__ROWLAND Finally found/seen your performance at the Live Lounge @ The Big Weekend, awesome stripped down version of Daylight 
@WubsNet The nominations are on live in the eastern standard time.   http://www.soaps.com//coverage/42/ Live blogging if you want to see!
Our latest post Just Breath, Song of the Day &amp; Fabulous Friend Spotlight @KKirkscey its a good day on our blog  http://tinyurl.com/crlkcb
Grey's Anatomy Season 5 Finale tonight!!! 
Woot! Its thursday... Weekend is almost here...learned to retrain my inner voice... 
Woohoo! The Lunch Bunch Concert Series at the Gallivan Center starts next Monday! I'll spend many lunches there. 
The Eurovision Song Contest is over and done. Praise the day! If you missed this annual spectacle, there is a repeat on SBS 19:30 tonight 
Good Night!   Sweet Dreams..
I'm gonna try to finish writing for Sarah then off to bed, Church in the AM  Night everyone!!!
@HartHanson Thankyou and the crew and everyone for their hard work! I can't wait for Season 5 
@Sunshinepie143 Wow! Early to bed! Night, Miss Lady! 
WOW, another LOOOOOOOOONG Day! Ok, I'll stop.  TOMORROW is the BIG day!  Looking forward to seeing my friends at the CD Release Concert!
XMen Origins amazed me.  Watching Saturday Night Live, texting, IMing. MySpace it, loves  Garrett, I effing love youu!.
Watching my men play on Saturday Night Live 
@WBPodcast Moment nuthin'.  We're up to this all night.  
Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Ragging on ASU for not giving Obama a degree! I love it the rocker. 
Today is my 7 yr. Anniversary!!!! 
@god_why_me Nite Nite Take care 
Carribean romance.. Sex on the beach.. Day on the beach.. Walk me down.. Mojito.. Pina colada...  zzzz.... Lmao... Rumba!
@calyndra Night!!! Everything will be fine  #bubblebathtweet
Finished up my show at Time Out Lounge &amp; Martini Bar on Saturday Night.  Check me out on Facebook (finally).... 
Does Iron Chef ever really get old?  I think not.  Night! 
All light a candle tonight!! --International Candlelight Memorial-- Be part of it!! 
check out #Stilgherrian Live covering the #Eurovision finals! Classic   http://tinyurl.com/6gvl2z
Ah - I'm now in on the big secret. I now understand why it's a big deal. You'll see     Listen to Breakfast from 6am tomorrow.
http://twitpic.com/5csf8 - Breakfast! Scrambled eggs, veggies sausages and bacon and 3 crumpets  -
http://twitpic.com/5csf8 - Breakfast! Scrambled eggs, veggies sausages and bacon and 3 crumpets  - - -
http://twitpic.com/5csf8 - Breakfast! Scrambled eggs, veggies sausages and bacon and 3 crumpets  - - - -
http://twitpic.com/5csf8 - Breakfast! Scrambled eggs, veggies sausages and bacon and 3 crumpets  - - - - -
http://twitpic.com/5csf8 - Breakfast! Scrambled eggs, veggies sausages and bacon and 3 crumpets  - - - - - - -
http://twitpic.com/5csf8 - Breakfast! Scrambled eggs, veggies sausages and bacon and 3 crumpets  - - - - - - - -... http://bit.ly/GE6Vj
Tired tired tired. Sleepover with babycakes tonight &lt;33 mall tomorrow to get some photobooth pictures! 
Finally .... leaving the lab to lay my head down . Song sounds amazing . Let's see how far we get tomorrow.     Night
@explodingbarrel Live long and slam hard. Great show. Also, I really want to join you for the next available podcast. 
My mom just ordered me the Mayday Parade hoodie I wanted  She's the best!
Dont forget that Last Night On Earth and Restless Heart Syndrome definitely would become your new lullaby 
Watching Batman: Dark Night with cousins. It's 12:30 am and were still up! Yoohoo hyper as hell! 
Judgement Day Tonight // Sleepover Tonight Maybee With Friends! 
In Moncton @ the Coliseum for the Monster Spectacular show 
@alaksir Ohhh, alright then... Good Night! Sweet Dreams! 
@debbieFletcher Did You havee a Good Day today ?? i did A Dancing Competion And Came 1st !!  x
Vote for SHINE @ Worldwide Festival now  Thanks ! http://www.worldwidefestiva...
planning on going to see Night at the Museum 2 on Wednesday 
Lovely National Day today, 20'C - 2 hour Children Parade and 2 hour Citizens Parade with Ju Jitsu training 
@chinacat Weekend isnt over yet either.   Its getting close, 24 days 17 hours.
Getting ready to go to Week 2 of Soccer Evaluations in a little bit...  My Life= Eat, Sleep, Coach Soccer... LOL. 
Watching Disney Channel Night if Premieres 
Ready for bed, making a mental list of the things I need to do tmrw -- a lot !! Nite tweeps.. 
Mafia Wars &amp; Sorority Life has been fun but alas it is a work day tomorrow.  Goodnight to my socialite friends and my piston warriors. 
@OfficialJonah Your next 2 roles in Funny People and Night at the Museum sequel look hilarious. Already planning to see them both! 
Finished watching Boondock Saints... Random ass night. Night my twitterific mates. 
Ok, I must give into my love of the cheesiest show on the planet CSI:Miami. Night everyone. 
Back from the gym  gonna go to sleep. Night! XOXO
Good night everyone, I'm gonna go and sleep next to my hubby  After watching Greys Season Finale I feel all sentimental *sniff*sniff 
I keep waking up, lingering in bed for what seems like hours, then when I get out of bed it is 07:22 on the dot. Strange. Breakfast time! 
Make some tea and then off to bed. Girl has to get her 8 hrs sleep.  Night everyone and God bless. Until tomorrow.
@stephen_cole Early is before midnight for you?? Midnight is normal round here 
Midnight already.  Up in 5.  That means no more Twitter til manana.  Night peeps. Save the world while I'm gone  Kiddin, I'll help 2morrow
@yvette: ahhh thanks for this one....nice end to a warm day here in WA. Even tho it's not &quot;too&quot; hot  Night ev... ? http://blip.fm/~6il1g
Waiting For Next Week-End 
@mayorsam @PinkBerryGirl Mabuhay tayong lahat kapatid (To all of us Long Live) 
Are actually really looking forward doing the makeup at Nationals this Weekend... Purple, black, silver and a lot of Glitter!! 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5esn2 - Great guys! Night Guy 
Just bought Bones Seasons 1, 2, &amp; 3 on dvd! Thanks Amazon Gold Box Deal of the Day! 
This is the end to a BEAUTIFUL Day! Congratulations Mom!!!!! Night tweets 
Yes I watched the EuroVision Song Contest and have to admit, quite enjoyed it 
@chibialfa - Wow! Congrats and good luck  Re. Pecha Kucha Night.
@Dinner_Diary tiiiiiiiiiired! hardly slept... busy day but bacon sarnie helps!  how are you?
My first Joshley one-shot is called Best Days Of Your Life. 
-@brypie  Play Eve instead 
How I met your Mother, Scrubs, Desperate House Wives. Yay  TV Night tonight x) while Twittering &amp;piczo
#3hotwords Bank Holiday Weekend... 
Today is the International Museum Day ---&gt; Go visit one! NOW! 
God Monday Morning!! Off 2 day with a cool start in 60&quot;s.   It's almost Memorial Day...Turn up the Temps&gt;&gt;&gt;  
It's officially National Vegetarian Week  Spread the word and visit www.vegsoc.org for info!
is on cloud 9 - Go Magic | Pictures and Videos Posted from the Evening Festivities | 2 appointments today - setting 2 
Day off  worked on some of Jon's new Panic Room songs, now off to bank &amp; then eat 
@EdEntrepreneur Live at full and earn money 
*Dark Night of the Soul. Still not totally awake 
@jusap did you get all their albums? I love Weekend War 
Giveaway!!! http://www.aussie-handmade-giveaway.com 
@indiaknight Live well and spend less, read an article of yours ages ago and have been meaning to order it for ages 
FREE COFFEE &amp; PANCAKES @ 9am!! Tonight we shall be enjoying Karaoke at the Fox and Fiddle (our local at Adelaide and John) Come join us  x
@goatfox Weekend was tough, but I'm still Smoke-Free!  I had no motivation and slept a ton, but maintained my willpower 
@LashofSnow Offer available until Halloween...next year 
4 Days 'til the BolderBoulder 10K!! 
Lying in bed listening to leaked Big Whiskey. Ball tomorrow.  Good Night. 
19 Hours Till Youth Camp Rally!! Are you going?? 
Countdown to beer o'clock has started, marking the beginning of the end of a hectic week 
Here we go again, another day another $! Countdown to 5pm starts now 
saw Angels and Demons with Allira yesterday!!  Bought Pokemon Season 1 as well...
Just got home from the midnight showing of Night at the Museum 2. It was pretty good! Great movie to just sit back and enjoy. 
Night at the Museum 2 = pure amazingness. True story. : Night at the Museum 2 = pure amazingness. True story.  http://tinyurl.com/p4yo3v
@ChesterBe Night Chester  Do you have an eight-pack yet?
Happy Memorial Weekend with great sales @ the Resort 
PreGrad Party Tonight @ 7pm! Call me    [also, i had a wonderful pinning, thanks everyone who came, can't wait to see pics up on facebook]
@Billyraycyrus Good Night  Sweet Dreams
Weekend!! I am out of here 
Classic    http://www.b3ta.cr3ation.co.uk/data/gif/will.gif     *WARNING - Adult Content....kinda*
ok I think I'mma go to bed now... NIght! 
@Syberspace i'm spreading the word, dont you worry...!!! would be great to finally see you Live after all this time.. V exciting!  x
Went to see Night At The Museum 2 last night, hilarious movie, had me crying with laughter! Also got pizza instead of salad this time 
bittie hungover after work Quiz Night in Tiger Tiger last night, its was good, and worth suffering for today, we can 2nd 
Friday Night Lights is coming back for a 4th season, sweet   http://bit.ly/100HPm
Love and Rockets! BBC 6Music Goth Day is loads better than I thought it would be. High by The Cure was on before. 
Done wid exam! 6 more left! Weekend! 
is @ Pt.Pleasant with Marissa 4 WLPJ's Summer Bash Kick Off  then spending the day with family 
Best party ever! Whole bar did the Macarena. Classic. 
Here comes the weekend. Dinner with ex-project team member at Souled-Out later at 8pm. Kindly remind myself strictly NO drinking for me 
Breakfast at Rise and Dine!  My fave day of the week 
Wat A Day..! Hope The Renegade Gets Caught..!!! ahahahahahaha 
@JeffTracey Dougal the fluffy white long-haired dog? I had the Magic Round-a-bout 1969 Annual 
Just received word that I came in 1st place for Week One of the Fitness Challenge at my gym.  Biggest percentage of weight loss! 
Time for Steve and Anna's Day-O-Fun 
Family is coming, Taste of Cincinnati, Reds game and Fireworks=Great Memorial Day Weekend! 
? Custom Twitter Background of the Day =&gt; @QuailStudio ~&gt; Cool! 
@DrPeachbaby let the festivities begin!!! 
Dinner and Movie (Night at the Museum) with my friends tonight! YAY!!! Not sure what I am doing during the day though. Call the cell. 
Saved by the Bell the College Years - Trip to vegas for the wedding. OMG. 
Good morning, friends! I want this work day to go as fast as possible - three-day Memorial Weekend is upcoming! W00t! 
@Divagrl 2Days off? Wow! sounds nice   I've been busy working or correcting problems here. Lol
Turns out it's very hard to sleep with one's ankle elevated. Perhaps harder to see Night @ Museum today w/ ankle on seat in front of me 
Date Night tonight... Going to the Drive In.. LOVE it there 
Good Morning, Twitterville!!!  IT'S FRIDAY!!! Memorial Day Weekend! =D ... Hope everyone has a great day today! 
Last day of work. Weekend at the pool. Then off to Jekyll Island to get married  http://www.jekyllclub.com/
@inlovewitharmy Night at the Museum, Accidental Husband, Angels &amp; Demons, and Star Trek  CHYEAH.
Thankful for another Day!!!!!!!!!!  Hope u all have a Great and Safe Weekend!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5ovzp - Thirsty 
Want to purchase your Pagan Night Out tickets early??  Paypal is your friend!!  Contact us at savannahpaganpride@yaho.com and ask us how 
Half Term! A Week of...Relaxation 
@anamaria_p echipa BRAVO te salut?! Weekend pl?cut 
Movie Scenes  Big hair brothers unite in Anvil! The Story of Anvil  Movie review: Night a http://www.downloadonlinestore.com/nintendo.htm
@writerdad Will we see you tonight for #FNWC? Friday Night Writing Challenge is from 10pm to ???  Probably 'round midnight.
Team Fortress 2 Goes Free This Weekend - http://tr.im/m6BD  
@kevinandbeanPHX on the Movie Beat 
TGIF! going to see both Terminator Salvation &amp; Night @ Museum 2 today...will give tweet review later. 
Night at the museum 2 today!!!!! Yay!!! I can't wait to see it!!!!  make sure you go watch it!! ;D
Summer Hours start today! Leaving at 2 pm on Fridays! Be jealous. 
Sheesh!!  Loving last minute MMday Weekend bookings!  Each one will be pleased!  YAY!
@wopkec7 I'm listening to Wonderful Days 2.08 - showtek remix. Definitely something for you 
Ice cream, sun in Paris, and Week end ! 
Way to go Howard and Magic!  Going to Casino now.  Wish me luck.  Nite all....
Giveaway! Giveaway! Giveaway!  http://bit.ly/dCz7l
Good Night Tweeple... Time for this tweet to get her beauty rest...until tomorrow Twitches! 
@johnnie_O I certainly will! The Event will be a Blast. Take some pictures in the name of Liz, lol 
News- Honor Society Live Chat At 8! BIG ANNOUNCEMENT  Events- Racing Kites, The Victory Drive, Off City Limits- Friday &lt;3
@jamesgleventhal It's all you, babe! Congrats! Nice job! Celebrate &quot;All Night Long&quot; with Lionel  ? http://blip.fm/~73xkp
@grum Your pic reminds me of Salute of the Jugger 
@hipanita damn! good luck with that! Celebrate for me ok? 
Spa NIght was good  I love my boyy and my friends 
@JLo_Shot408 Yupp...I know  Night beautiful! love ya too!
... Back down from the cloud on Herbal Blvd...Golden Girls and Bed. Night tweeps. 
Just got done watching some Buffy. Hurray it's Bryans Bday Dinner Tonight 
Good Night Tweople! Tweet with you all tomorrow! 
I've got my happy face back...for now.Nighty,Night!Don't forget to say your prayers 
He's HOME!! Can't wait to jump into his arms the first chance i get  Swag Mafia All Day  Firstlady;; Fuckiin' Running the damn thing 
I think I am heading to bed early. Night my SUFI family, love you all. Sweet dreams of Dane.  xoxoxox
Weekend starts early!  #fb
Midday Macronutrient Reload aka &quot;Lunch&quot;, be back my valuable and happy tweeps! 
Midnight snack  since ya know homework and work took over my life tonight and i didn't get to eat!
@tomofromearth It was cool that you came to chat with us.  LOL The video was funny. Night and sweet dreams. Reanna
OHHMYEFFINGGODD!! NeverShoutNever, Boys Like Girls, and The Ready Set, all at The Chameleon on June 20th  That Just Made My Day/Night 
Tomorow its going to be better.. 
Come feel the heat of Misnomer(S) SATURDAY night fever!  Show starts @ 11pm, Bowery Poetry Club... hope to see you there   http://bit. ...
Going to see Night At The Museum 2 tomorrow @ work  I love my job!
Got creeped out. Time to man up Henry. Night everyone. Frustration = gone! Staying positive  ++
Bedtime for me....  Early morning tomorrow...  BUT....  It'll be FRIDAY!!!!  WOot!!!  Night everyone!  *poof*  
Watching Saturday Night Live guest starring @Britneyspears !!! LOVE IT  Have a fantastic night everyone!
Good Night World!  - #ThirdRockFromTheSun
columbus for the weekend. &quot;What The Fest?!&quot; on Saturday Night, im pumpedd 
@mgundred i am doin good... looking forward to a nice Weekend.... ;) how about you .. 
@mc_frontalot Hooray for nerd bliss! I'll be at Maker Faire all weekend. 
Had an amazing time doing makeup and nails at APCH Teen Night getting the girls ready for prom 
I had a date with my husband tonight!  SO COOL   Went and saw Night at the Museum 2...what a fun evening.
G' Night Tweeters!! Its  1 am here and need 2 catch up  Zzzzz's they say u loose weight by catching more and more  see ya'll tomorrow 
What A Fucking Night.  J. Dilla Rest In Peace!!!!
Yay...got an early mark from work! Weekend...here I come   
has developed an obsession in the movie &quot;Spectacular!&quot; 
@Alyssa_Milano Good Night! It's 8:30AM here in Italy 
have a good weekend everyone! I'm off to &quot;Foreign Beer Friday&quot; to wind down after a full on &quot;Dress Differently Day&quot; 
Beautiful morning. Day at the office at @ebuyerdotcom and @wrenkitchens, BBQ tonight then into the weekend. Life is good  
West Lag 09-10, Eucalipto 236! Lucky for courtyard view from second floor  Now let's hope I have some luck left for Week 10 and finals.
Days like these...  
Good Night Peeps! Love everyone! It is 2 AM and I'm out! 
@REALJenHarman I'm 11 out of 67 (orig over 2k) in Midnight madness.....wish me luck 
Done working on the vid for tonight lots of work still ahead but i love how its turning out! Can't wait to post it on youtube! Night 
Running on 3 hours of sleep at 2:30 in the morning. Tired. Night ATTs! (@snehaVP @Dazzleme18 @LstInTheSeeThru) Talk to yall later! *Hugs* 
@ginaXnicole OKEE! It's a pre-show for Danai's Karoake Night! hahaha 
my picks for #ff @Timmy_Sabre for telling me what it is @Day2DayPA for her support and @mediahunter for making me laugh today. Nite all 
is watching '11th Hour'...not too bad 
@googoodolls oh my god! Loving this #Flashback Friday  Vintage Goo, awesome!! thank you so much! you totally made my day!
@RobKardashian suggestion Fresh Prince on Nick @ Night....gnite! 
@iDanger09 thanks for the link  this song's on Night at the Museum 2.. they were the Cherubs! http://bit.ly/Yo6YD
@ArvindRocks lol... amazing - isnt it? Weekend plan chalked out? Incoming cash - cant get better 
