Most common words for this cluster:
[('night', 3603), ('time', 101), ('lol', 99), ('home', 91), ('evening', 87), ('amp', 86), ('everyone', 84), ('tonight', 84), ('saturday', 83), ('fun', 83), ('day', 82), ('tomorrow', 77)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'night', 0.8907952308654785), (u'evening', 0.7186613082885742), (u'nights', 0.6610526442527771), (u'tonight', 0.6466799974441528), (u'Thomas_Willgruber_died', 0.6374574899673462), (u'afternoon', 0.6317337155342102), (u'MCCLELLAN_Good', 0.6233571767807007), (u'morning', 0.6214908361434937), (u'MCCORMACK_Good', 0.615196943283081), (u'improvs_Childress', 0.6077342629432678)]





@HumpNinja I cry my asian eyes to sleep at night 
@KourtneyKardash yup night workouts r the worst but unfortunetly my work schedule only allows me to go at night  its tough!
@Unholyknight so did your mom last night.  brb while I figure out whether I just burned you or myself the most.
Wow.... the shout box has kicked me out and I can't get back in. I guess this means good night 
good night swetdreamss to everyonee   and jared never chat in kyte puff 
Passed out last night while mum was puttin cream on my.tattoo 
A day negotiating wth insurers after spilling beer on my laptop last night.  Probably to no avail. 
What happened to last night's twits? They've gone and run away! 
thinks she is going to be at this traffic light all night  haha
My dog passed away in the night  full on gutted.
Tossed and turned all night long cos my back is damn burnt  Youch!
I hate waking up in the middle of the night for no reason 
had a long re-charging sleep last nite but wif nightmares  | one last night in medan.....
@hedj But I'm not drunk now! I needed it last night, I was sounding a bit desperate I think 
I think i sprained my pinky last night  Its swollen and its hurting. Aww man.
Still very upset but strong;; barely slept last night so I'm going to try and sleep again. I miss him so muchh 
had a lot of trouble sleeping last night. went to bed early and still had to sleep in an extra hour. grr 
last night sucked...the tigers loss and msu lost  but atleast the red wings won
charlie horse in the middle of the night. terrible dreams. sick.  
@thomasfromleeds hey thomas! been very busy, but busy smiling too! apart from last night when i got the wolves score 
@trishofthetrade drunk tweeting?  hahaha I am sick and drinking was out of the question last night 
@mikeyzito last night, there was no wawa 
My throat is killing me, and while I got a decent night's sleep last night, I still feel like I'm about to fall over.  
@sebby_peek i'll miss you more  night  love you too, so much 
@catsociald I'm sorry honey  I had trouble sleeping last night too. I blame the bears.
this elucidation is killllling  I can't find the right sources, so frustrating! This going to be a loooong night 
crashing.  night everyone!
going to bed, so tired! wishing it was tuesday night so i could watch idol.  anyway, night. xox
@kelzad man I have my days like that to...you probably will be up all night tho 
@jweede what a way to spend a friday night...  i guess there's not much to do now that battlestar is over...  
i have woke up ill, no night in glasgow for me  bed + tea, no vodka and dancing =/
is still gutted she couldnt see diana sing last night!  but bring on halmiton park in july!
@whit3boy I couldn't walk last night like wth 
last night i like killed myself and my arm is all messed up now. haha I fell like flat on my facelong story how it happened such a klutz 
good morning all! finally home from work... geez the night from hell! and wishing i could have gone to the coachella music fest! 
Too much champagne last night  most expensive hangover in a LONG time!
stayed up playing wow all night. 
i feel soo bad, i fell asleep and i missed 18 of his calls last night. he thought i was hurt  poor baby
i knocked out last night as if i got hit by a bus. super bummed i ddnt see @xCarlosx. 
@reverendvince Did you have a great show last night? I got there too late to see you.  Why were the fuckin' lights on so bright?
@steveagee going to miss #TheAgee5K  - hopefully someone archives it-least I caught the test last night, which was fun.
dreading sifting through myspace friends requests. have let it mount up too long = depressing saturday night in 
@amazingphoebe i do want to care! you just make it so extremely difficult sometimes  i do want to love you  yes? :/ night  xxxxx
at work fixing some code that just had to broke on the saturday evening... man... who the fuck invented comuters in the first place??? 
i get too suspicious of little stuff, especially when it's night and i think and remember 
Missed most of tonights the night  goin to have to iplayer it and watch it on a stupid tiny blurry screen.
bought kim kardashian's workout dvds lol. exciiited to do them. movie marathon night tonight! its soo rainy outside 
i am off to bed gotta be up early for work  night night sexuals lol xx
@MiszAdotCoren nice seeing you last night doll!  i wish it was still everyday
wee drunk night with my ladies .......so don't wont claire to go to oz 
@Etramps21 It was great! The zoo didn't end up happening though  How was your night of library?
doing school work on a saturday night 
omgg I forgot to tweeet last night. that woulda been funny 
hMmm thinking about a movie night. by myself? so boring 
 Not getting enough done + just a long night.
Is chillin, having nothing to do on a saterday night!! 
great night...but had an expensive mediocre dinner  to dreamland i go!
good night world  oh so tired
@nick_carter Another night that I going to bed very sad because you don't twitte me! 
tonight is one of those nights that it will be hard to fall asleep alone  just seems quiet i guess.
playing wow on a saturday night ! 
waiting for your credit card to start working again, means no going out saturday night, due to no cash moneyyy 
sick of studying, and I totally wish that I  would have taken the night off to go dancing!!! 
Everyone left me on twitter.  I guess I can call it a night too!
mad i'm not @ coachella tomorow!!!  nerrrr mind - conneticut! trinity college here we come!!! night for the night!!!
I did something I'm not proud of last night 
Now its time 4 bed, gotta go 2 work 2morrow  () night night
@jtorrance okay bye. i want to sleep at night... 
I want 2 talk 2 my love 2night but it looks like I'm not going 2 get 2 :'( 
Staying up all night = no gecko playtime  this insomniac is going to sleep! #bakeoff tomorrow! Then study #thedead in #buffalo? 2/21??
Ouch - came down that stretch of the M1 last night.  http://tinyurl.com/d9o7pv
i think the jeans i wore last night are finished.  they are my favorite pair. 
@sebby_peek i did want you to stay, but after last night i'm all scared of pissing you off again  i don't want you to not like me again 
No luvin for the evening 
i have to go look after oscar for the rest of the night, i'll talk later  i love her, very muchly  probably find it hard to believe 
The beers I had last night have evolved into drum players. 
hey what a morning!! gig last night was fun apart from the bad sound. off to uni  boo but it may be closed when i get there oh well. xxx
@shamazipan I had no sleep last night either  I hope that the show is/was brilliant. I seriously need hugs atm
@tiffawahfoo spermy facesticle. i wish you were here. im sad. first night w out brian.  gay! i want starbucks and him. gr.
Feeling utterly miserable...having a cold come on while working  night shift is not fun 
I may never drink pop again....brought on bad nutcracker esophagus symptoms big time last night  
@druidDUDE i jss woke up and you're going to sleep  hahah. well, good night.
Last night in melbourne for a while I reckon 
we lost another 1 of the abandoned ducklings through the night despite our best efforts to keep it alive 
had a great night off...now bllaahh back to it 
creed is awsome  the yankees lost last night 
I had a dream last night I went out to dinner with my friends and they abandoned me when I went to the bathroom. 
feel bad, shouldn't of had pizza last night 
enjoyed last night, shame it had to end  now back to reality !
I feel like i have a hangover... But i didn't really drink alot last night. 
I'm not @ work and tired as hell...I don't think I can make it to 2pm...should of never went out and drank last night 
full of salad;;photoshoot then work then staying up all night to write a research paper 
@freddyphh I heard about last night dag where was my invite??? Daaaaag 4got all about the bunni I see how it is  LOL
@jenn_elle afternoon. It was ok. Only two of my friends showed up. Slightly disappointed but we made it work. The night didn't end well 
ugh no winnings in the drawing last night - that sucks 
had an awesome night last night!! now i get to clean the house! 
sorry for over-tweeting this evening 
I feel so sad, I don't know what to do.  I spent all night dreaming about the girl i love but it isn't going to work out this time 
fell last night and now my fav jeans are dead  beasides i'm wounded 
just woke up and i have a huge headache...had a good night last night and now its back to trig homework 
tommy thinks ive got a fever   oops... sunday night fever woooh
3 pages in 1 hour.. god this report is going to take me all night 
Being a creature of the night doesn't always suit me...  
@calanan You're pretty damn cool yourself. Although you did miss brunch today.  Thanks for hosting last night. It was super fun.
veeeery tired, listening to sick people last night...didn't get my beaty-sleep..  wishing U all a happy day !! =D
slowly starting to feel better after getting a cold from the footy on fri night. sad the weekends over 
is going nighty night, wants to cuddle 
I don't know what is wrong with the players in this house, but last night I was going to watch a dvd, but it wouldn't work, bad times 
Bout to call it a night people....I no I no.  don't be to sad y'all, I'll be back tommorrow.
It seems there was a bit of a bumblebee cull last night, saw about 5 dead ones this morning. 
drank too much last night....never drinking again! dont feel too good 
I have no stock, so risotto will have to wait for another night 
ive been up all night cuz i couldnt sleep and now im sooooo tired! 
Recurring nightmare all night. Not cool, brain. Not cool. I just want to sleep. 
is exhausted and did NOT clean last night b/c she passed out, so now she has to clean when she gets home before movie night happens 
@brogenhayes It's working well thanks, I feel somewhat streamline today. I didn't have a hangover either but I only drank tea last night 
goodnight, 37 followers. early night for me... gotta wake up real early tomorrow 
Feeling sad that my hubby would rather spend the night with his play station than with me 
putting my blackberry to charge, didn't charge last night 
@waqaychay  but yr new layout is pretty, though! i saw it last night!
No sleep lastnight..I hate those nights..a little exhausted today 
I hate the way you ignore me when the night comes 
i think I might make it an all nighter I can't sleep 
my cousin died last night 
@marleysmom I missed it last night   I was moving.. need to get cable switched over asap.
slurping coffee after a sleepless night 
finally home time. shame it is not a wet night 
@sleepwhenimdead laying in bed channel watching adult swim. about to call it a night, i gotta be up at 8 
@scottcabal I'm working in the the evening  but could do daytime for sure. COFFEEEEEE
was upset because spongebob wasnt on last night 
lost my left contact  this is an expensive night
I had the fright of my life last night. I'm not liking my new exercise ball, could barely walk when I got out 
last night in tokyo. one more photoshoot. one more dinner. all i can think about is that i dont have a bed in my new apt. 
Wait...what? Where did that 6 hour nap come from?!? I think my night is shot 
I'm tired, been up all night.. its almost 5:20am, can't sleep yet though, got things to do! 
@aliceadict Rest of the night went wll - shame you couldn't stay longer 
night guys...wakin up in 3 hrs 
@avgs I didn't dude! I spent the whole night waving the killer bat around to kill the humming mosquitoes!  
ew fuck this i thought this was supposed to be an actual guy who kills people in prom night, not ghosts!  i'm scaaaaared!
someone save me on this friday night 
@geniusinalamp baaaabe. im sorry about lastt night  my phone died like way too early in the night. i love you!
@theblackwreath I dunno, it happens sometimes if I overstrerch in the night  It's ok now tho.
@powerofpop woah i was just looking for it's blitz in the stores last night. couldn't find it 
@pontifractusay Not a good night for puppies. 
@girlstoys hey....how was the #chchtweetup last night...sad i wasn't able to go 
It was a hood night out at the dogs last night.... Even if I did loose money 
What a lame ass day &amp; night 
ditching twitter for the rest of the night 
is tired after being up with my daughter all night with sickess and fever  Lots of coffee today...
Ugh don't like paying for the night before  couple hours more rest &amp; feeling sorry for myself then out to get pressies for friends bday.
Terrible terrible nights sleep. The zoo creatures at night give me the heeby jeebies.  This is at least the twentieth time i've woken up.
managed to contract a cold from last night's soiree 
last night i dreamt i moved to florida and lived inside cindarellas castle and had lots of servants..then i woke up 
feels so ill and shouldnt have drank archers and fosters last night 
tonight will be great, although I hoped on a bff day not just a bff evening 
SERIOUSLY upset by a lady's comments last night - she said her mates were wondering about my age, I was either 28 or 38... I'm only 27! 
fun night last night! although down a phone, up a black eye and has a lost tiffany necklace 
Its saturday night and i am home again watching tv. what a loser 
dammit ... lost my camera last night  pretty sure I must have left it in the taxi ... fingers crossed it was handed in (
Trying to get some sleep,working a night shift tonight,but neighbours have got the builders in  
saw ross noble last night, was pretty good. tired now though. 
mom passed out last night at like 2 in the morning!!! i hope she doesnt have the swine flew!!!   well the swine flew to marion county
Going to bed early on a saturday night....wtf!  Trying to get rid of this cold! 
just talked to my realtor. things don't look good. thanks anyway for the excitement last night, girls. 
Thinking how im going to feel 2night !!! 
What a boring saturday night 
night night kittens has turned in to yeah right kittens.. i never sleep 
It rained last night so I didn't get to take my baby to the carnival 
Chief had to be put down last night! sad, sad night! 
had a dream last night i was on daisy of love and i was the 6 person kicked of 
feel sick as a dog...shouldn't have taken those shots of brandy last night 
hmmm, suddenly my menus are broken :S w.t.f did i do last night 
no drink tomorow night 
maybe i shouldn't have danced barefoot in the bar last night....i feel sickly 
ok so nobody be alrmed but i lost my phone friday night while out on the town so dont freak if i dont answer...bad night 
chillin with stephanie. home from denton. interesting night. blah. miss nathan so much 
I think I ate half a pizza last night  There goes the jogging i did. A little too tipsy btw.
@sam_e_licious what happened last night 
@NiNisDaShit yeah I heard last night...that's sad 
rainy day   sick all night...slept on bathroom floor....it is tile so it was nice &amp; cold helped a little...hopefully start feeling better
I should have worn my night guard last night.  my jaw doesn't want to open all the way.
I didn't sleep last night  I hate it when that happens!  Am I talking to a wall? hahaha!
Evening all...guitar widow here, tonight and tomorrow night 
I'm sick.  so.. it's nap time! And I'm still not over how awesome last night was!
sooo, last night was fun. waking up for math wasnt  haha u reap what u sew!
in on a saturday night  tragic!
recovering from last night, is alcohol supposed to make you depressed?  I need a pick me up.
This salsa night is great, except for the fact that I haven't danced with a guy all night 
aladdin can make this night even better. i hurt my tongue on a fucking blowpop. 
Figures, everyone's statuses indicate this was the best night of their lives, when it's one of the worsts nights of mine. 
 I'm having a shitty night too, ihope you feel better @StevenRayMorris
can't believe i'm up. what a poo night - it ciould be worse - stephen sometimes thinks 5.30 is morning 
common was siiiiiiiiiiiiiick! (yall missed out)  and now im studying on a saturday night .....alone.....in my place 
@thisisoktane i got a lil footage last night but i didnt get yall performan  too much eas goin on
I Had a good night! Wish I could have hung out more  but I guess nannys like me have to work too so later everyone!
out last night and nt feeling too good! 
@peacelovesadie and that wasn't a good thing  sorry u had a rough night
had a great gig last night, but are now suffering the after-effects 
@sthompson717 yes, me too...that's what happens when i sleep in the evening and wake up at like 11:30/12:00   I missed a night out...
@spankylou1973 monday nights a school night so I wont be on too late   look out for you then love x
@JonathanRKnight that was a really good interview....good night think of me...I still have 2 1/2 hours to work before I can sleep  
has just woke up from a verry eventfull night , not feeling my best  but you no what..... its hot outside  x
@LILJIZZEL i heard last night was hotter than a whore in lahore in an unairconditioned store 
really tired, my neighbors had this party last night and the music was sooo loud, couldn't sleep for hours 
@leolion65 good shame about 2night,little cub got sick no boot night ou too bad  next time or next week?????
 shame bout hatton last night
I've stayed up most of the night, actually all night trying to brainstorm how I want to write this last essay and lesson plan. 
@DowntownRob I wouldn't mind, except my sweetie keeps the opposite hours  makes it hard to embrace my inner night owl!
feel rough &amp; missed the boxing last night (or this morning) 
is so tired why cant puppies just sleep through the night 
had a great night, but I'm sure a dog slept in my mouth last night! 
Last night in melbourne  up early tomorrow to see family and mates in town. Night all
could have used a knight in shining armor last night! 
I just spent the first night in our house and am misisng my Timateo like crazy 
I am seeing david archuleta tonight gooooooooooooooooood times. Although my legs and arms kill from last night 
@Ashishstar yaayy you have! i cant believe sat night that was a disaster... so glad i didn't go!! 
tonigh is an emo night.  http://plurk.com/p/rjsb4
more then half of the people i invited didnt show up last night...without letting me know  but the party was gr8 though we had a nice time
morning yall! looooooong night! preston has a cold again!  poor baby
i need to stop drinking so damn much... i think i might have been super annoying last night 
can't believe the bulls lost last night to boston you can just see that the bulls just what ed it more 
Doubts that her friends will wanna hang out today, since their tired from their party fest last night 
Wish I would have slept better last night but the people having loud sex next door kept me up 
@plphotography last night was busy after tha fight. I didn't even get a chance to look into the crowd and report 
Planing a long bath to night, with some nice soap, exams starting tomorrow 
had another one of those special kind of baths last night!  
okeeeee i am a horrible person and should probably start living more productively/compassionately. showering, ri 2night. i feel like yuck 
@dougiemcfly not good  show was great last night   shame about the pizza time
what a shitty night, not too happy 
there are so many good clips from last night, but most of them have copyrighted music. fml. 
@mcflyfan1408 haha i really dont! night batts dead  xo
Looks like everyone else is getting on the plane to #railsconf but I don't leave until tomorrow night 
It's going to be a long, boring night ... 
Another boring sunday night at work 
fun weekend wit the girls &lt;3 so tireddd sunday night blues 
fml..not a good night 
I want to cry. What a sad episode of lost  night to everyone
Sitting here not knowing what to do! What a boring dragging night 
got her purse and iphone stolen last night 
i hate hand casting on a sunday night 
I wish will &amp; grace was here  when I get home tomorrow night will &amp; grace-athon must commence
dam insomnia! i have been up all night! 
was looking forward to something this evening but its not going to happen. 
@dorayoung i just thought the same thing  got confused with saturday night, boo.
@allyxox lol yeah i threw up the other night after smoking so i looked it up and apparently i developed an allergy to nicotine 
has the feeling he has drunk too much last night  But it was good!
i dropped my phone last night on the road  first time dropping it all upset coz only just realised now that it has a fair few scratches 
tired afetr a 13hr night shift 
@jomanlk dont think so man..  how about thursday night?
having a great night! but...hes not feeling good.  i wish i could make him better.
What a pointless night of sleep, woke up every hour hrmppphhh... 
dam insomnia! i have been up all night!  (via @aerobic247)
is on a hunger strike after too many beers last night. 
misses my drunk friend who is always online late at night when nobody else is. 
My ears are still ringing from last night 
woken by the idiot next door playing loud music not great considering i worked the night shift last night 
weather definitely suits my mood. awful night. just want to sleep. or at least not go to school. 
my grandpa died last night 
Some people annoy me ssoooo much. Last night was so long, I'm so tired 
omg. so sad i missed no doubt last night. one of my first favorite bands. 
last night was goood, so rough 
had the most disturbing nightmare last night, feel awful now 
is sad i cant remember or find the cute boys name i met the other night!! he was soo cute!! 
Uploading pics to facebook is really making the night go quickly.. not that I want it to, coz then I have to go to work t'mrw!  
stood on my headphones last night 
it probably wouldve helped if i had actually turned my alarm on last night....hmm  
@twinkle_x yeaaa  night xo
fuck you marketing report, i'm going to get you finished even if it takes me all night.  which it will 
supernatural time cos i never watched it last night  thanks god for sky plus
passed out and slept on my sofa all last night...feel tired this morning 
so sad I missed the flash rave in the library last night!  
Feeling drained today. It could have something to do with Saturdays stag night, but I'm not sure. I don't really remember it. 
@MrsCaffeinated - fell asleep before late night snack  - I need late night around 6:30 maybe?
weoll good night all xoxo wish me luck for the busy day ahead tomorrow  oh well what can you do lol good night
@LaCochina_1 ..good morning...my sucky home comp didn't allow me into that neat chat we had going on last night...left me hot &amp; bothered 
another sleepless night and i forgot my ice pack 
@nicolearevalo Aw honey, I'm sorry. @caseylee didn't sleep very well last night either. 
@heidimontag  not so good... what do you do when you and you &amp; spence are fighting!? its ruining my saturday night.
have some good blisters in my feet from last night  but worth the awesome night out with tha girls!!
I'm so bored right now... It's saturday night &amp; I have nothing fun 2 do, I feel like dancing but nowhere 2 go and nobody 2 go out with... 
sat night off and no ideas of what to do 
I feel bad now, while I was having so much fun your night was bad  I was there you looked happy, hope it's better now@JackAllTimeLow
my cookware was being abused and destroyed while I was visiting mom last night 
@RossEmm13 ohhh  ...you need to take Nightquil every night...lol...
My sweet little boy is sick  Looks like it's going to be a long night.
@joshbear agreed josh - I usually go for the cherry but they were out  - tonight was opening night by us...big woofs to ya
my wild saturday night=writing a research paper 
My grandfather died last night. 
i dropped it last night when i was drunk and i think thats when the screen just went blank and now it wont turn on  ugh
@tytybear  no bueno!  I'm playing rockband all night lol I'm cool.  Wywh!
@ohvicky_35 The boys are here but he is working. He's working a double shift 2night 
@jae_one  damn just for the night?? 
It's my penultimate night in town! And I can't send tweets from my cell for whatever reason. 
@FUCKCITY sorry that i didn't get to see you last night after the show, it kind of bummed me out 
alas, it is bed time because i work at in the morning, for 7.5 hours.  nighty-night.
rrr i'm still feeling really shitty  but i hope a night out at the shack will help wit dat
@ckcyn  no I wish just a one night thing 
@DarrenRoberts little people awake in the night  argggghhh lol
arriving from one of the wors night out 
I'm laying in bed drinking a corona...what a sad night 
had a bit of a weird night....I really hate mean drunks 
i wish more people were up all night like they were in undergrad 
I had one and a half glasses of wine last night and I feel fuzzy and rough. This is clearly unfair 
@brightondoll *blushes* I'm going good, you? I hurt my big toe last night though 
@leezl lucky you! I didn't see you last night  did you like it?
@dana_burgess I'm not doing much better  I'm so sorry about last night, I just had such a horrible day, I couldnt face anyone. How was it?
wondering whether or not house of night will come out w/ something new  im desperate!!!!!
I have a burn on my finger from last night  it's all oooozy and yuck.  http://twitpic.com/4wue6
@_amberlovely i want the grey one so bad but i didnt get one last night cos i had to rush out  gutted  it was lovely seeing you!! x
@caitlin6694 i cant  its @ hers! i might do it tomorow night ;)
had an awesome night last night.. but im illlll 
@tommcfly OMGhow hot was it last night  , i fancied that coke that came with pizza lol,  tbh i think every1 did
@Lscanlan  I love having a clothesline. I did not make it home to save my clothes last night. Storm kinda messed with them. 
yawn, so tired now. Definitely calling it a night. 
if you want to stay on my good side......never call me a skinny mini......I'm not skinny...yet like five people called me that last night 
great night out in bath last night! hungover early morning scramble back to church in bristol on public transport not so great though 
@clancysilver firemen shut our party down last night at 1. they're on a roll  where were you?
@mfhorne sounds like a pretty rubbish night then  could have been worse,the drink could hav gone all over you!!
man i must have been mia for a long time ... only 4 stellas last night and i have this hangover 
dreamed about zombies last night. unfortunately, i was surviving, but the good was that that seemed maintainable. i left my mom though 
loved the dance show last night and sleepover! so tired now though 
Too many lemon drops last night.....blahh 
i had one of the worst nights EVER last night! boo 
dog woke me up  you don't see me poking her and barking at her in the middle of the night.
Still feeling the urge to cough from the syrup i accidentally inhaled last night.  Haha.
prom night reminded this particular highschooler what a hangover is.... 
not interested in going to school tommorow.. ugrh  night twitterverse ! &lt;3333
iiii drank too much last night 
@scarnicella @QueenBee912 @msk5015  i know.... everyone is planning bar nights... and well i just can't do it  
@ampoz i'm having dinner with your sister tomorrow night and i'm sad it will not be a trio situation 
I hate sleeping alone  headaches and sore throats suck  good night.
back to reality  good night xo
is headed to bed...i do not feel good  . night everyone.
ugh where did this cold come from!?? and who gave it to me?!     good night
 ... I seriously have on problem shaking you up... Even for like a night.. 
last night at hollins...  at least vicki is sleeping over!
i fell asleep at 5 and just woke up. I'm fucked for the rest of the night and will never fall asleep again. 
seriously this coughing only at night thing is getting really old!!! 
I think someone needs to have his ass kicked for not saying good night to me for the second night in a row...hmph 
having drinks with mom in edmonton , last night here  sad times.
good night ppl. i hate finals when my bf is studying  no cakin 2night. god=love.
so sad to see twitterville unactive   well, i guess i betta go to bed then *sigh* nighty night peeps~
my baby boys finally fell asleep! now i get to relax for a few hours till one of them wakes me during the night! 
@peramirez it is now moring for me here so I will say good mornig! sorry i missed ur message last night. 
It's hard to sleep when all I can think is that it's pouring rain and there is a hole in my house.  Is this night over yet?!
heres to hoping that i get to hang out with my rooter pooter tomorrow night. Because it is my last weekend in the city, and i miss him! 
i have awoken from a night of hot sweats and mad dreams 
Up all night doing graphics! im tired i really want to snuggle with my big sexy husband 
was hoping for sleep last night so I wouldn't be a bitch again today...buuut that didnt really work out too well so I'm probably doomed 
bout to get off the night shift. i hate being out to sea and i miss my baby 
That's a nap of about 9 hrs and I still need to finish a lot of stuff I was supposed to do last night. 
what happened to gossip girl last night?? i was soo guted when it wasnt on! 
Storm sirens kept me awake way past my bedtime last night 
@dannymcfly  was it ANNOTHER crazy night out  you see i never seem to find my invites to these  lol
Ugh can't sleep &amp; haven't been able to all night 'cause of my damn wrist. 
Being bedridden is all the more depressing when you're forced to miss out on a night of hijinks. 
@caro  I missed the finaly last night...
hello all...very stressful night of sleep i'm afraid 
I'm soo tired! I didn't sleep for shit last night. 
Plans fell through for the night, now there's nothing to do 
Foot still having spasms.  It kept me awake last night, have a feeling it's going to do the same tonight. It's really annoying...
My niece graduated from preschool last night....so cute, I wish I could have been there. 
didn't finish barnstorming last night... ended up going pant shopping, which didn't turn out well. seems that my money disappeared. 
kinda mad about my last night incident with my phone 
@nickbaum sorry to say my fiance is there right now for the second night without me! wish i had thought to get another ticket 
in search of a song i heard the other night on 105.5 the beat. this is hopeless.... 
waiting for the bus,got no sleep last night today is going to suck 
fuck saturday night traffic on the bay bridge.. 
Wow slow night on twitter.. lol I need a life 
Last night with muh boys 
@BrbiK I happy the princess is ok! I sure you had a stressful night 
Boyfriend was all sad and gloomy last night.all his soccer friends blamed him for their lost. he almost burst into tears 
just got back from baguio.. and was feeling really upset for not being able to watch david archuleta and cook's concert last night. 
@Tyrese4ReaL: aww, dont leave me bayyyy...  have a good night ;)
I can't believe I'm stuck in a hotel on a saturday night... watching the f'n history channel... I've become my father 
misses those nights i shared with you. i'm going to sleep so i can stop thinking about stuff and looking at pictures  good night.
So i'm spending the night with my best friend before he moves away tomorrow 
Just got back from a night of Mcfun.. sad to be done 
@iDylon not a good prom night tweet, sir. 
@prmikeydunks should I get an abortion? its up to you, one night stands aren't my usual cup of tea. sorry bout last month 
is hoping the night ends before all my h2o is gone from my eyes  emo I know
@osgbymissy thats every night in my book. 
this night is a bum 
I really want my booboo home now.. great.. another sleepless night 
Looks like I'm missing out on boys night. 
has just woken up  not good night have to miss churchy this morning, I'll never be ready on time butt i go tonight instead
That night i cherished when all we had was our love...u take it back 
is rather annoyed at losing his phone at the summer ball last night 
Didnt sleep to well last night.Only things that show its my room are my calendars and phone 
ach late night last night, im so tired  at least its a sunny day lol
futuresonic last night was awesome....feel ill now 
Wow. I am really sick and have been since last night  I hope I'm ok 
bad night! no boys, and friends's fight! awesome 
@gayrath missed you last night poppet 
@LostMyHeart especiallyat night as there's no way to get a new one 
pressured into drinking for the first time in 9 weeks last night. 4 beers = v drunk and splitting hang over 
yes, it was a good idea!!! Another night for the history!! ;) waking up to the rain again.... 
must leave lovely bed.   slept throught snl last night, even though i slept all day so i could watch it.
is so tired :|,,, first night with sleeping without her boy.. 
I'm so sick of sitting on a couch, watching tv and missing everybody every night. It feels like it's all I've done for weeks 
just woke up...still half asleep.  this should be an interesting game...wierd dreams allll night 
@ramses101 st voyager night!? oh no, i missed it being out dancing  =A=
spending the night with the math presentation 
@darlingnikki08 no sucking at the ritz carlton last night 
-great night with friends... now need to go work  grrrr
@premiere1 sondra feelin like death reallly heavy night 
isaac slept great last night...mommuy not so muc. what do you think my chances are to get this well rested baby to nap this morning? 
 why did I drink so much last night. I am not used to this anymore lol.
sad i didn't know about golden axe playing last night... 
Dropping shit bombs ahhh what did I eat last night 
fell in love with this blouse last night but decided to sleep on it...sold this a.m....so sad.  http://tinyurl.com/o9swud
ugh. i'm sick  i threw up last night. and now i'm up early to go to a comic con meet n greet. . .
too much party and too many beers yesterday night  but mixtape went well so far 
@mizHangTran you're unstopable  i can not stay awake like this, &gt;40 hrs...but i love to enjoy the long night whenever my birthday's coming
had a lot of harmless fun last night - too bad it was marred by a morning full of sad kitties and mean boyfriends 
Graduating is both happy and sad. With the greatest friends, it's even more of both... amazing day/night last night, so hard to say bye 
@ayseegiirlxx sryy that I didn't get on msn that night, u know. 
crazy party last night with all the student reps.  our last event together 
trying to remember last night still, i have no recollection at all :S im glad everyone else thought it was a great night seeing me suffer 
@HowaiMan my friend took them on his camera. it's too late now b/c he's formatted his card like 7 times since last night. 
I wish i could have hopped on a plane to south america last night 
@EsmeACullen me &amp; my friends celebrated a bday yesterday, was funny except for i got headache so the evening was too fast over for me 
@jennettemccurdy hey jennette. i missed double trouble night  r they going to replay those episodes again today?
....hope you had a real bitchin time at senior prom last night 
@schoolgoon aw man i wish i were watching sci-fi   i was just talking about how badly i wanted to watch twilight zone last night! lucky
@Ramii01 hey! Ughhh I'm so tired!  last night was all bad!
@bxsteph damn man... and i'm sitting here watching it now.. i was sleeping! and last night i was chillin... not on twitter 
@thewinekone ughhh... there goes my night. i was crossing my fingers too .. 
awesome girls night with michelle!!!  back to work tomorrow 
A night like this makes me wish that i have a boyfriend 
@mazzitm Thanks im just at the point where I haven't slept ,don't know how productive I can be now it was stupid to stay awake all night 
Also, my house is hotter than that chick last night. I miss #SantaBarbara 
need to avoid sunday night takeaways, feel awful 
never watching scary films alone again! didn't sleep a wink last night. 
gossip girl time in the evening- but without M. and S. 
hoping to get to sleep night. i really hate earthquakes and i have felt 4 since i live so close to the epicenter. 
@justads ah koowel yeah my wend was quitet stayed in on friday and all sat then went out sat night till like 6  but me a nice man  .....
Testing out google chrome as a browser and i think i can dig it. Also i need to stop falling asleep at such random times of night 
stag do last night, haven't recoevered yet. But up till 2.30 tonight working, need to wake up in 4 hours for conference call 
Morning all, I didn't watch any dvds last night  I fell asleep after i had my bath 
non noght time. late night last night im tired 
prom, was good, my boyfriend has a broken collar bone from that night 
@kyle270 what time did you go to bed last night then?trust it to be the night that i stay on msn that you go to bed earlier  xx
is eating shoup yum (not) mmmm had awlful sleep eish i cud think more in the day than i do at night! 
had a rough night....baby M has a cold 
@georgiaface poor you  i spent a delirious night in the general with the same a few years back. Not fun, look after yourself x
@blush__  fingers crossed if i get the job  i forgot to give you peppermint pattie on saturday night 
@mikafonacier She was coughing out blood in the middle of the night.  But she's getting better, I think.
I wish i could've gone to omaha last night. 
A shocker, I slept thru the night, but no morning wood...bummer 
@NetwkPittsburgh I don't know - I had to bring in my veggy pots last night!  -  we have the boat in the water but too cold to enjoy 
Driving back now...got superyucky sick last night 
had a mammoth sleep after completing 24 series 1 last night. bro has just got series 2, i have to study though 
Lying in bed and thinking about all the stuff that needs doing tomorrow.  Makes for a restless night 
I had to go to work last night  @daviesgravey it was not the bizness #mayhemcrew
@MariahCarey I'm mad, I went out last night got drunk and can't remember  a thing 
@barefootdoula chris' parents came to visit and ended up staying the night sat and we went garage sale hunting on sunday, so we didn't go 
@werewolf_paul   What did you end up doing after our walk last night??
is going back to spend another night in hosp with daughter... 
going to the after party this evening to meet and greet.  dont know anyone though  who else is there? #smx
sad that the celtics lost last night  but at least I had good wine while I was watching their demise...
@RealWorldMom i fell like light headed since last night, idk why 
??can't stay up and twitter with @aubreyoday  long day tomorrow, gotta get some sleep. night ya'll. night miss o'day!??
last night with my kids 
wow anotha sleepless night!.....help  lol
Missing my boyfriend who's at the biosphere 2 for the night 
gosh which do i see..terminator 4 or night at the museum 2 
@flishflash flash  i had45 minutes sleep last night..not good! hows you this morning? xx
the loneliness of late night studying 
follow me please  roll on 2night yayyy xxx
@Clostar14 sorry my ipod died last night so I couldn't reply  have you got any old belly bars lying around? I lost the ball for mine 
just got home from the night shift  lookin foward to my day off tommorow and going to the casinos....
didnt get to call it a night... in the e.r w/ samantha 
last night it was way too warm under mums blanket. had to move all night long. annoying to all of us. and something bit me at my throat 
a good friend from chilhood died this night  sad
@za5 They also said they had another incident the night before 
i hate my sleeping patterns .. i can never go to sleep @ night uugh 
Me and &quot;winter going out night time fashion&quot; don't get along 
@mcmahonbrian yep i know, bad night with baby so won't be awake by 9pm 
Oh dear... what a night... and why are the birds chirping this late/early? I'm gonna have a killer hangover tomorrow 
Yesterday on TV said... we're going to have rain,thunder,and really windy... And yeah it was,I can't sleep all night. 
@rob_hyde What the hell happened to you last night? You were supposed to call me when you were done spinning records 
cannot be assed to dry my hair, i'm sooo tired from going out last night  need to be in town in like an hour ahh.
No idea how I got dragged into playing at salvo night  @agrahamlincoln I thought you meant your site source.
Getting sick  can't sleep at all I've been up like all night
poop. think i still too ill to go to that there london for meal/piss up tonight. probably last chance for a night away for a year. arses 
pff what a night.. soooo tired! 
attended a welcoming night at son's new infant school last night; little man is  growing up too fast 
@mr_snarf I have my last assignment to finish off over the weekend, and work every night 
oh what a night 
I've got mixed felings from last night, feeling blah 
just about to go to wooork  really cant be botherd with it todaay...think a few friday night drinks are in  order jack d n red bull? yesss
6:30 comes way too early....especially when you hardly slept all night!  
Just saw two of his good friends get arrested and almost got arrested himself. What the fuuuuck!  Such an awful, depressing night.
ohh, @emmmc. did you actually vomit?  good luck for g.lit! it'll be fine after such a @6hl night!
@LunaTechie i had a dinner with a friend in king of prussia so i didnt get to fox and hound until 10 or so last night 
my vista night getting worse 
@laurens33 I would love to leave my windows open at night, but I have major allergies to everything floating around in the night air! 
@teagan_ tonight is early to bed night mixed with some 'im so screwed photography wise' tears. bleh  u doing black d?
my cat busted out of a window and took off last night. 
man i had the worst night sleep. damn night shift messed me up. i went to bed at 12. woke up at 3 and watched xmen till 5am. 
I'm exhausted. I had all sorts of bad dreams last night.   Bout to take a shower.
I slept so great all day yesterday and allllll night. I feel so refreshed and caught up but now I have bedsores 
E slept better last night, but woke up hacking up her little lungs.   She's so pitiful.  She's not coughing quite so often right now.
@savethewabbit even though your bf is too late in the night for me to listen to 
@hasanah272 awww girl. i miss you too  btw, have to tell u something about tomorrow night.
@BillShafer sorry I missed it last night...having a bit of a health crisis...was in bed by 9 
Going to try to sleep now, had insomnia all night 
French exam went well. Its not a good day to stay in and study though  had a lil d &amp; b sesh last night
sooo anonyed by the stupid water alarm that went off in the middle of the night THREE TIMESSSS.  tireddddddd
@altoid05 win anything last night? bout to head to work on a friday 
i need one last kiss and last one night bfore you go  .i will miss u hunn .love u so much
Ugh i am so sick  my ears are ringing insanely from last night too.
@emilycmackenzie yuck - sorry to hear you had a rough night 
on e way to e vet, sigh  ~ going to be another long night
@fredrikeckmar looks like a bug...probably created that last night with implementing the cultures 
its friday night and i'm home with no booze..i feel lifeless and sick 
@natashacairns  haha my tweetdeck was broke last night  booooo how are you
ingin nonton night at the museum  http://plurk.com/p/vih9k
mornin twitterbugs....had a good night last night at my nephew's graduation..but it went south when i watched the laker gm  but im back!!!
@niffster yo, i tried to send you a direct message last night, did it work? i dont think the function is working for me 
@paulazinha the entrance told me it was too late. I ruined my night  I cried a lot. I cant believe I could have hugged them but no!
my boyfriend came out to me last night. I was drunk. not a good combo. I think there was crying involved. I think I hurt his feelings... 
is missin his baby  doin homework all night long.
about to bake 50 cupcakes!!! another long night  thank goodness schools is almost out!!!!
@sherrysunshine oh LOL I thought it was going to be like a night class 
Any old hoo  -i really have to go 2 bed! nighty night (unless insomnia hits me, which has been known of late 
My cat ran away last night, and i can't find him  He's really fat, and i'm sure @disawold would have loved him
omg easiest night shift ever. i wish i was at woodstocks doh 
ugh my night has just begun...here's to another fun all-nighter 
night #6 and puppy still cries before going to sleep 
@jessimicaj oh you know why. And it doesn't go away  I still get on edge at night.
Probably won't sleep of all night because of that frigging cold! grrr...I hate that! 
I'm at the underwood for my last night in omaha...sad too bad I jusy met karli last night 
@kcaloca  just found out i have a video to shoot tomorrow night, so i can't. i would have LOVED to though. boo.
gets so lonely at night. 
thinks being a editor was quite fun but i am now fucked  night peeps well for atleast a hour
well I guess I'm goin2bed early2night  tried to kick it,but that idea got kicked n lol  not not tweets I'm about2take it n!!
@monster86a hay, I am sick today started last night 
@okinawamiko ah, it doesn't matter. d-backs took 'em. I think I jinxed the padres this evening w/ my shit-talking 
good a.m. feeling a little better, but I have a dry cough. ugh. @mzjewelz14 I watched it last night!  I hope it's publicity stunt!
@zarigee i almost chose that and wendys last night but the stoner crew was in full force there. 
poor kitty didn't make it last night...lost 2 more and nursing another tonight. 
http://twitpic.com/65xhi - waiting on another truck.... my night is increasing in length yet again...... sadness  
Heading to bed- internet has been down all night so unable to tweet much 
I feel like the night is still young, but it's also too late to go do anything. I'm so bored; I don't know what to do with myself! hahaha 
i didn't know the effect of earl grey tea on me!!!!!  i couldn't sleep at all last night!!!!  one mozzie in my room didn't help either!!  
@LegalCookie fabulous. nothing like a little drama in the evening, huh?  that sucks.
@MacMosesMomma coffe at night gives me nightmares 
being saddened by my neighbor's outside dog whining and crying the night away, poor thing  
Feeling sad and depressed  What a crappy feeling! Its going to be a long night!
@HDOLLAZ i miss my bff ;( i'm goin to sleep good night 
really tired  night everyone.
I just realized I spent another night ALONE  wtf is wrong with me.
good night tweeters.  off to the couch because i cant enter my room  damn you spiders. and damn me for being arachnophobic
Looks like I'm going to take one last shot then call it a night! I'm really bummed right now 
finished sewing for the night, uploading pictures from slidebar and beach. i cant believe i am having difficulties with twitter! 
last night in newport 
I lost 4 followers over night, nobody likes me 
night 5 not talking to my victor  i'm so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this shit
WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?
@NellaGrl not really having a good night... missing my little girl... 
Insomniaaaaaaa..... all night trying to get a sleep... no luck... and now have to work 
@Velf79 Missed you last night hon 
really thinks wee callum should of got through last night 
Not ah huge fan of getting up in the middle of the night to change peed sheets and underpants. 
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up 
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and spend the night at his house as even more bad news has come up 
had the lovliest night last night but was ruined by doctors inability to warn me of side effects. back again for more tests. 
@realchrissystar we'll be back sunday to play @ the horse, I was out last night at mex you were not  miss you
did not sleep a wink last night  X
went to bed last night with the feeling of a migraine coming and woke up feeling worse. 
@Fnoo was like that last night as well man. somebody didn't make it in time to the 30p loos 
last night's paper writing session=still not done. I need to prioritize better. 
@MCRmuffin i couldn't be there for her last night cause i fell asleep like a retard.  agh.
@iAlejandro Aww I thought you forgot me last night. I was  I hardly have my twitter on my phone so just text me in the evenings ok? 
@putitonmyvisa haha nice! I heard it's a sweet hotel. On another note, not a good game last night 
i feel like taking a day off but cannot afford it  looking forward to the dfb cup final tmrw night though. go werder!!!
another song that  makes me cry and cry all day  and night long. 
ned to go to beathroom, don't know if i can reach/find clothes. need to walk outsie to get to bathroom. ok at night, not ok in daylight. 
@willisface you know you want to come keep me company whilst mum's at her friends for the night  it's such a nice evening!
@kaecie76 mines ben slow since last night, think i might need to reset it 
thinks she needs more followers. its still so warm  going cinema later t c night at the museum2
@katdrabeck that song is soooooo hot! i want to go but might have to wrk - i think my mgr is pissed - should have worked last night 
Oh good. I get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming 
No betta nest  I think despite the heater it gets too chilly at night
Its not looking too good outside  if this continues, i feel a movie night coming on... 
being re-admitted, at this stage for a three-night minimum with a hopeful tuesday discharge 
maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho 
I wish I had someone to enjoy a drink with outside on this beautiful evening. @lilracedevil we need to live closer to each other! 
such a nice day and i'm gonna be stuck inside all night 
my phone died  and i really need to go home to do my recap for @capstreetteam from last night! aiyaiyah! hate running errands
@Ashcoates its been fun so far, but its nothing like a festival altho we did have a cider this afternoon, but only the one 
my sleeping child does not want to wake up.....she will be up all night now 
@charlieks @tonita_face @emmaleeks and nana.wish i was there last night 
Watched Ten Pounds last night, brilliant movie,I couldnt stop weeping!!! 
@marginatasnaily haha..i wont  well il try not..lol... night chick..xxxxx
home alone on a friday night  doesnt get sadder than that folks
all alone on a friday night 
another friday night with nothing to do ...boyfriend works until 1am 
@jeangrae whyd u feel awful after last night? 
night night twits! im so glad I will be waking up to a saturday off work!! printer has broke though 
upset.. friday night crying! 
nothing to do on a friday night 
already missing my biddy bops  home at mom's for the night watching my little bro and getting some rest for my birthday party tomorrow :-D
I do nothing on friday nights 
sometimes i forget my favorite porn stars are real people too. @bobbyclarkxxx made orange chicken last night and cut his finger off! sad! 
off to bed was gonna read some new moon but its a little late now  night night all xxx
@Callmeauburn nuthin babe;   wat happened last night? no answer 
- having to stay up and watch my sister throw up. she is so very hammered. and this is really not fun...  long night for me. hmmm.
laying in bed sick is not my favorite way to spend a friday night. 
About to head out to what I hear is the roughest redneck bar in town to host karaoke for the night, wish me luck 
@ home. putting away laundry. i'm one hell of a party animal on a friday night  36 more dayyys.
went to bloom in our pjs to get mike'n'ikes and scary movies[quarentine and prom night] then i stepped in dog pooop  haha
Oh ya I'm still up from last night... 
@modelnicotine Thanks. She was fine when you were here, but had an accident late last night that forced us to make a tough decision. 
last night at uni  I dont want to go home 
The night i actually kinda haavee too go out, nobody can. Suck it 
@drevazan i sympathize.... i hate working in the mall too.  its a terrible place, especially on friday nights 
is hungry... and alone... and feeling blah - not a good combination for a friday night. 
Our last night of disney magic. How sad. 
@biebs YES WE DO!! do u hav ur gear, i actually got mine out last night 2 c if it works, ben had no paint  it was 11, and i had no gas ;(
Drinking the night away cause i'm sad cause i can't see hollywood undead when they come back to texas 
hmmm saturday night with @cistacista and emmanakayama it will be a freaky girls night out i think, so regret @haykamil can join us 
@manderr3 #wish27 yeah, I'm getting ready to call it a night here.  
@Smittay ugh. omg. that was supposed to be my shot! last night i figured that i would be editing awesome shots right now. 
I just got back from seeing &quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot;. A nice way to spend a rainy evening. Not enough ambigrams!!   
@bellasmommie ew sorry. sounds like you had a rough night.  
watching prom night...i still dont have anyone to go with to the promotion dance  and its next week!
IRQL not equal or less BSODs all night on #win7 -- these suck    Since I'm tired, we'll let Memtest run all night just to rule out bad mem
Last night in nyc  I love the ritz central park!!! B-utiful hotel xxx
The best girls to hang out with + river walks - ankle sadness  + campfire s'mores = a beautiful summer evening.
has a massive hedache frm last night 
@legacy62 good night? I didn't even know you were back  catch ya later!
Enjoying a vaudeville night at the prestige bar. Not performing though 
felt disappointed last night.  http://plurk.com/p/x4bl1
@azndiva yes he's the one I twitpic about.  he's been gone since last night. I know not that long but he's never away from us like that.
Going to sandbar with karson! Sanams last night in utah!  saddddd
didnt even get to say hello. didnt even wave  i wasted my evening on that silly kids movie??
@LisaMRicci nope  I gave up for the night
i just killed a bug with my hand...eewwww. it was annoying me!!! staying home on a friday night..need to save $$  boo
@hustlepearl sis I wish you coulda came  we had worship in applebees karaoke night lol
Fck sakes grad night and i have to Fcking babysit Fck Fck Fck Fck  i hate you right now
What a greAt night !ende too soon 
@jtimberlake ask me  in the middle of this night i'm thinking about what u are doing or what are u thinking :/
aw kyle is all graduated. i wish he was here &amp; not off at sober grad night 
didn't have anyone to cuddle with while i watched a fantastic fireworks display this fine evening. 
I'm off to try to catch some zzzz with hiccups!   Have a great evening. 
seeing some of my bests tonight, quite night in, i don't feel so goood 
missed guys night out 
@daLoved1 i think it was on the 28th night the guys finally lost 
@lolmonsters is there anything in your fridge? mines empty besides thursday night pizza 
manhattan see you soon.. last night ... 
Having another hard night. 
sooo hot outside.. perfect night for a bon fire 
@AGirlNamedFee omg... I'm soooo not ready to call it a night 
@CindyheartsJon I'm predicting a long night....my little one is sick with a croup cough  
Just got home from a night of drinks and laughs with good friends. I am now exhausted! I have to get up in less than 3 hours 
i think i tried drunk l4d last night, as my mate said it is fun and everyone on the server laughs.  i just got kicked from the server 
@muppmupp yeah  ... me too  ... i was freaking out last night 'cos it was total dejavu.   but not even snoiked, just a bad flucoldthing
Off shopping --&gt; think I'd better buy a heater. It's starting to get far too cold at night 
Having just got out of hosp last night looks like we're heading back 
i want to have an overnight with petunias and just have dvd marathon all night.  http://plurk.com/p/x5wfu
yes, my drunken story for the night done sobered me up like a mofo!  lol.
Going to look for a new TV after ours packed up the other night 
I am very hungover and soon will have to make the walk of shame to get the bus home in last night's dress 
after a night of dancing and pretty shoes i have blistered feet  question is was ut worth it!
@scottcrussell I had a dream I was playing that last night but the weather was so good people kept sitting on the green 
@HollyVerse wow... well I wish I could say I was doin the same  , I'm jsut a night owl... hoot hoot...
@fellowshipofone well that sucks  anyway, was the civ4-night this night or the next?
why is it so hot out...it's night time... omg, i can not sleep. 
parents are over for the night and i ran out of booze (for myself) 
didnt go to sleep last night. i am tired and bored and my zune just died 
What an awful night....didn't sleep a wink, can't sleep right now, soooo sick!! This sucks. It's supposed to be a good day!! 
@Chesterbear I'm fuckin shattered babe - god only knows how you feel  Quiet night with the demons i fear......
i felt so sorry for that hollie on britains got talent last night  glad she got through 
On my way to the airport. And i feel like ugh  too much tequila last night!
@kerry444 that was meant to be a quiet night!!!! my week long hangover is kicking in big style 2day  bar?!?!?!?
He got arrested so ibjad to dive her home, what a fucking night 
#myweakness smoking late at night on the phone with someon who loves me  ahhh memories
Someone thinks that my drink may have been spiked last night! 
feeling cool at home on saturday night.. sick.. 
had an alright night last night, didn't drink tho  money issues! lovely weather again today  itv player is weird :S too many adverts!
is having a night in tonight - got to rest up for those exams 
stuck at work on a saturday night, boohoo!! 
@crystalgibson79 not with THIS child! I thought she'd at least sleep til 7 after a late night last night but nooooo! 
I've broke my $50 headphone this night. I'm really sad 
afternoon twitter! so glad i ddnt go to sugar rush last night - blood was shed,not good. lesbians are vicious these days 
@aussiemcflyfan aww. night xoxox... everyone is gone now :\ 
@rkjames1985 yeah bud im good! stuck in work  had a great night last night last night!! what you got on tonight???
is exhausted and not happy...I just wanted to get sleep last night but everyone wanted to party 
@bluechargedlife So glad I got home super-drunk last night... killed 2 fat spiders climbing up my walls 
@sudsnsass whens that sugar scrub returning looked all over the page for it last night and couldn't find it 
I was a little  last night. something happened \:
thanks to my state of mind last night and marisa, i still smell like a parfume bath 
does NOT want to work today, due to severe lack of sleep last night.  
dissapointed that he miss hill top hods at the one night stand and had to listen to them on the radio 
can't believe alex broke his wrist last night  xxx
@loganculwell sorry I missed the movie last night. 
camping looked fun last night, gutted that i couldn't go 
@sc4twit  that's unfortunate that you had another bad night... *pat-pat*
wonderrful night...now being murdered by the madre...wonderful..peace out driving.... 
anyone that went to vfcs show last night,how was it? I live in ny and I couldn't go. 
omfg, j just had the worst nightmare. damn I'm actually relived I woke up... but then I remembered my car broke down last night 
working my ass off all day and night 
Suddenly want to watch 'Grease' :} Or something like that...suggestions? This is my last late night. 
Feeels sooo fcccked from a crazy ass night 
night guys! going off.:-| 
awww i lost a follower over night  heartbroken! ! ! !   
dance show last night wasnt to bad really hurt my knee 
Wishes Jared would wake up and move his car... I'm blocked in because there was nowhere to park last night. 
Morning twiggas...my legs hurt soooo bad I couldnt even sleep!! 2much dancin and dropping last night 
@bdykema we turned ours on last night too 
@nicbarajas  I know. I went down to the lobby last night to say goodbye before going to bed, but everyone had left.
Wow .. last night was a bust for me 
I laid awake last night, contemplative in the cool, tranquil night air of the desert. Now vacation is over and it's back to real life. 
I ate a lot last night 
@Susanmorris I'm so sorry I haven't aswered you, yet!  I'm gonne do this this evening! How are you?
Heading out for dinner with @SarahThornbury soon then a play in lisburn.it's really a night to sit outside with lots of beer. 
to work to get my check, and then drive back there later at night to work. now i don't get to cash my check until monday  lame.
@AnneBlackwood no.  i don't know why it hurts.   i just babysat last night, and i'm about to go babysit again in an hour.  *sigh*
@mrsmandyjonas7 I did nothing last night 
@Karilo13 boo  we suck....i gotta start alllll overrrrrr ):[  but i will admit, it was the best ever, it hit the spot on a cold night...
Still pretty insanely pissed about the nuggets getting their ass handed to them last night 
goodmorning! / good afternoon lol. crazy night lst night...boo feeling a little icky. 
@theusedfake Still pretty insanely pissed about the nuggets getting their ass handed to them last night 
@mgidwani - you IMed me last night under your weird screename 
probably it is a saturday of work and very bus.maybe could not go to the party of this night 
Last night was a success at fascade! I had a great time til I had to leave  bt it was koo!
is still suffering from last night  i really shouldnt drink so much!!! LOL oh well!!
@christophernies ...awww but i didnt eat dinner last night.  wait. that doesnt help my argument does it?
@flyyNerd no pics with you last night?! 
@SinSkylar i dont  im working night shift at the airport tmr, sorry
anyone fancy entertaining me for the evening?  i'm lonely.
My car broke and i got robbed last night 
tired. didn't sleep well last night. everyone else in the house is napping, but i've already had one nap today. 
slept crappy last night. Not cute 
Clutch really showed its weakness last night 
removed band-aid from finger......not a pretty sight. looks worse then it did last night.  and it hurts more too. 
 las vegan kid was out on first final round spelling. This is a replay from last night.
@ariasweb sometimes you gotta follow the classic girl home alone on a friday night guidelines. no movie or chocolate though... bummer 
@mroverproof how did bowling go last night? since I didnt make it 
Holy crap i seriously think i like broke my bladder  ..the repurcussions from the other night have yet to end..
fuckin awesome night and morning at white noise summer! shame i had to come back from leicester early 
i want to go back to believers  i miss that night, like no other man it was by far one of my favourite concerts
last night was okay.. i fucked up my ankle 
wishes she could have gone to the SVIIB concert last night!  
made my two friends drive out to millions of milkshakes so they could get me a vegan shake last night at 11 pm, no parking 
@ARossman22 ya I was supposed 2 go see it last night with my friends on opening night but I was grounded 
i smell like smoke from the campfire last night 
Its going be crazyyyyy in the city an queenz 2night..fuck it I'm jus not going 2 drink an jus leave the parties early..booooooo 
i have to do an essay on a saturday night. how fun. and theress nufff jamss happening tonight too 
why the hell am I seriously sitting at home all by myself on a saturday night 
@BrittD20 im at night duty so i cant enjoy it anyways  and all my friends are going out, including my ex, cause it's so damn hot and sunny
Cookout tonight...pray for me. I'll need it or a couple of bottles of wine to get through the night. 
sleeping next to a 3 year old all night because of scary one eyed monsters makes mumma tired 
my very last night of dance recital ever!  so sad
i really wish neko case and the rx bandits weren't playing on the same night 
@mzsullivan YES!!! Me &amp; my girls were talkin about that last night... and how we haven't had that feeling in a while 
I had the weirdest and sickest dream last night. And I don't mean sick in a good way.   
@Shaunnayo yeah  almost done!!! I talked to katester right now and we want to have a repeat of last night!!! Haha so much fun
@kateisacreeper I told alicia about how I cried while watching house last night, she told me I was sick 
@enteng011 let me know how it goes! i'm probably going to go on a different night,  coz of work. 
Studying....I gotta study for the rest of the night!!! no going out for me 
So tired didnt get a good sleep last night  having family over today
Last night my boyfriend pretty much told me that I have love handles 
@xoxoexohexoh How was your yard sale? And sorry for texting you so late last night 
bored nothing to do on a saturday night 
No one is awake and I'm left here with just me and old Twitterfox to get through the night 
Last night in chicago  I might actually miss it.
okai computer me and you have to part  but i will be right back after 8hours,okay...good  night night laptop and twitterers x
Wow...what a shitty couple of days....Nuggets lost last night so that's a wrap on the season 
@ScottDavis yer I think it rained last night on my sheets I washed and hung out 
@AutumH no problem... um, how long has your kitty been missing? I feel so bad since you mentioned that last night   #mmwanted
in for the night i think. wish robo was in the mood to see a movie 
I'm washing my house. some lovely teenage haterz egged me during blogtv last night, that's the sound i kept hearing 
@georgielockwood not that i know of  anyway patsys off to bed, night ya'll xoxo
Another poker night! Sadly didn't walk away with pot 
Wow jus logged in and have seen the fail whail twice already  Other than that, how is everyone this evening?
hate that i missed laidback luke last night!! 
Last night of camping  I guess it couldn't last forever
watching my pens lose and watching the cavs lose, what a  fun sat night  
my wrists hurt from holding serving trays all night. 
home alone.  saturday night and nothing to do. how lame.
my last night as an sf resident 
So lonely when my hubby works at night 
@mcm17 but but but im not! Just a little last night but i dont spam that much anymore  tis ok i can deal with rejection!
The fucking magic won  what the helll, my night has gotten so stupid lol, ugh.
I'm not kelly clarkson and I don't want to be tonight either...or any night for that matter. 
@staaceeyy lol i was being a bllatch to this chick last night for no reason and now i feel bad lol long long story 
had an absolutely ridiculously large night last night on top of friday's performance. today = absolute rubbish 
I have nothing sexy to wear to fetish night!  i am always under dressed and not as pretty as my friends i hate it.
@poorboy_179 as for the script, ummm, well I'm almost there.  It's going to be a sleepless night.  
What an eventful night. Lots of crying  and laughing...hah toilet rockets!
is not feeling good...good night 
last night in california 
@indierocket blech  know what you mean, had myself a good cry last night for no good reason
another night of racing, another terrible outing....... 1rst to 6th in about 40 feet! 
I wore my new dancing shoes all night dancing/walking/breaking them in and I have blisters  ouuuch
I woke up just now! I didn't sleep very well, because in the middle of night I had average teethaches, I continued around 30 mins! 
@avivaklein AVIVAAA!!! I looked for you you all night, didnt get to see you  happy belated !! mwaaaaaaaah...
@Lyrical_Lawyer pfff..what a night you had  I'm sorry for what happened to you  Mens are really idiots!How are you now ?
really bad night.  &amp; pictures came out bad...rereading the manual.
In my bed right now, soo tired and got such a bad hangover  but last night was acually amazing !!!!! x
The lamest saturday night!!!....at home ready to sleep  boo
is off to bedd for the night not feeling well  ....good ight everyone ...grandparents tomorrow ???
Realizing I'm getting old when its saturday night and I'm sitting at home with nothing going on. 
couldnt sleep last night what the fuckk 
good night random twitter friends!!! have to wake up early for work tomorrow 
Ah what the hell. Not my night at all... 
this has been the worst night ever. my dog just died 
F**K IT... guess ill go to bed... alone...    i miss my baby. i need her to snuggle up against so i can pass out happy. *sigh*  .....night
epic fail last night on mario kart, had a hacker chasing me all over  I'm going commando tonight muahahahah ^__^
I miss when my mommie would tuck me in every night till I was 12. 
@AffiliateMark i know, wally had a rough go  but who had a hot night? only delonte. which does not equal a win.
If I'm sick all summer I'm going to be sooo bummed  I hate standing outside alll night its freezing
Feeling sick, another sleepless night 
my night was a bust 
good night everyone. I'm not feeling to well. @sunbot sorry I missed your call 
@pdx_baby doubtful! weaning maddy off her beeboo tonight.   for a long time it's been nights only but last night was her last nursing...
I spent $15 on food at the night market and then some cute guy bought the sunglasses that I wanted just to make me mad  fun night overall.
spent last night and tonight pretty much curled in bed, catching up on the office, the simpsons, and family guy-- i need a life 
callin it a night. . why my remote not workin!!?? 
what a night! In A &amp; E til 5am after my friend got punched in the face and knocked out by a bloke!!!  going back to sleep now xx
good night lovess!!! early morning tomorrow! going to the river with my favessss! minus @jstarrrrr 
@Yorksville I'm good thanks - sounds like you had a bad night 
had a bad night last night - practically nobody went out ! and today, it's still very sunny, but i'll be stuck behind a counter for 6hrs 
had the worst night sleep yesterday  soooo tired!
I hate waking up in the middle of the night.  http://tinyurl.com/mepymx
recovering from a really good night...couldnt make it till 5am! 
So tired, going to sleep. All my memories seem to haunt me  good night twitterers (:
fuck its only 7:30pm and it feels like this night will never end.  the longest night of my life
The night was so different that I expected, girls pissin on the floor, meeting a rapper/pimp, but I had soo much fun, now at home alone 
kind of disappointed that I left saguijo early last night. missed taken by cars. 
had a good night out in minehead even with the looking out for drunk people who he'll never see again 
didnt get to talk to baby girl last night 
finished the host last night  best book ever, sorry twilight
had a amazing time last night, liams house however did not.. 
i miss my family that's what  good fucking night&lt;3 morning?
man... i got absolutely torn apart by mosquitos last night. 10 bites and counting... ugh. 
.@francescazurlo i was trying to all last night, but i had no luck. 
@xohkansascity i missed the ontd twitter drama too  i knew i should've stayed home last night!
Ugh drank too much last night  gettin ready for work
that would be &quot;all.&quot;  new neighbors kept me up late last night... 
Morning guys!  Getting ready for church now    And I totally fell asleep on my laptop last night!
hungover after a shit night out .... hate it !!! 
@staceyBEAR yeah I didn't even sleep that well last night and the tablets aren't working 
what a night last night! woooo! okay now time to get ready to leave  booo
hates working on sundays....shouldnt have went out the night before.... 
sitting here tryin 2 keep my eyes open after a long night at newbury last night with my poor filly who really hurt herself 
Holding my cousins rabbit last night he fell asleep on me and then he peed on me 
After a late night nerdy sleep over/party, waking at 7am is bad. Everone else is passed out 
my turtle went missing in the middle of the night 
I've either caught the sun, or I drank too much last night 
cavs game last night was utter failure 
Wonders why smoke alarms always wait until the middle of the night to let me know the battery is low.  
After the massive amounts of alcohol consumed last night, its too early to be waking up and going jet skiing 
I'm not happy that 200+ of my pictures from the wedding last night errored and won't upload 
watched my bloody valentine, did our nails &amp; more last night. im'ma miss my cousins. 
@emmyrossum who kills u in mystic river it was on tv here in oz last night and i missed the last half 
i want a sweet night talk with him.. very much.. 
@rm1322 heartbreaker. dip in your lip. @jenniizzo i wish we hung last night  @akatzenbach .... ;-*
@Jsummerz HIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE! Aw you're fav white grl luvs ya right back! I roasted marshmellows last night and wished the crew was there 
recovering from my multiple vomiting episodes of last night 
I missed the #ontd epic fun last night 
Ugh no one will see night at the museum with me.  
I had a few disturbing conversations with outtatown attendees last night where they hoped to get 'how to grow numbers' as their takeaway. 
great party last night(lots of bumpin &amp; grinding ) lol now back to the reality of school &amp; such 
last night was the shitttt by the way, and all i needed was my baby to end the night well but he didnt make it 
i sooo wanted to go the club last night  this week might just be party hard work later? scratchin my head @lybraluv11
@benofsight didnt get to say goodbye to you last night  thanks for making the tour amazing! was awesome hanging out with you &lt;3
bloody heat :@ ... even at 10.30 in the night there's no respite .. @pyro send some showers here 
@tylermunro No you're not.  But like 4 people unfollowed me since last night 
cell...NOT good..fell in the toilet last night 
@alltimebritt you had a crazy night without me 
We r back at school 2morrow so i gotta have an early night 
my friends are too busy for me... so i guess im heading to dallas for the night 
where did my twitters from last night go?  
inSane night last night. having to sit in a bedroom with friends for 2 1/2 hours in silence trying not to get caught. owe, my neck 
I'm grasping out at straws...  Thinking back to what I saw...  That night on the floor when we were all alone...  
My dog just died last night. 
I feel like shiat this morning  fun night though &lt;33
ethan totaled his car last night    he's ok  we were in the er last night til 2  just running tests to make sure alls well, and it was/is
feet is aching 'cos someone wearing heels stepped on it accidentally last night! 
feet is aching 'cos someone wearing heels stepped on it accidentally on saturday night! 
Getting ready for another night in the tent; 1st night not a success,lots of traffic noise, coughing, needing the loo etc. I'll try again 
@clumsyharmonica sorry for not making it to your jam last night  i was doing homework all day then i was too tired to go out  happybday!
sleepy as hell  haha I won a printer last night what's up!
Wow, last night was one of the best party nights!!! I just wish I had the courage to walk up to someone and talk to them like nothing 
Is there a limit on what one should do for a friend?? I guess I won't be having an early night after all 
gotta be up at 6 for work so no late night for me.....       what a dull girl i'm turning into!!
i'm not tired again. i can't have another night of tossing &amp; turning til half 4  this is silly.
Having an early night, dreading tomorow though. I'm being such a wimp about josh but I really really really don't want him to go 
@leeleykeel foot's a bit sore, last night was not like power-walking, more like running all night...   perhaps a little visit tomorrow?
i might end up on this all night. cant see how ill be able to sleep with this 
@laurarose15 night night. Sounds like you've had a bad day  sleep well
I'm still feeling the effect from the brownies I had last night 
@ButtersGold sorry i just got home from being out all day. any night that ends at ray's pizza is a great night. macau called, no phone 
@madlawstudent good night dear.  preese don't become reliant on them 
almost done with new moon but it's time for me to sleep tomorrow i'll get my hair dyed the pink will be out for a while   night night XxX
watching movies for the rest of the night. woo freakin hoo. 
ok i know i said night like 2 hours ago, but i really cant sleep and im SO tired!  night night again, xoxo
The show last night was awesome. I'm still tired, though, so off for my third daily nap. I feel weird 
making dinner for my sweetie's last night home for a week 
@punkrockstu yeh true it's not nice in the evening 
and now im officially sick  at my tent... trying to get some sleep to be at strenght tomorrow! night all! xxx
@MalaReignz babe I didn't know u did the 26hr jump off  awwww shucks...there was so much going on last night! How was it?
nothing to do, boring evening here in basel 
is going to bed now, even though she's wide awake... Never can sleep the night before we go back to school 
@SetitoffCasp last night was fun. Sucks i wont be able to come around anymore. 
@FoxyOxymoron did you say premier 2 night for ice road? And there's hockey 2 watch 
It's gonna be a warm night  bed time, night tweets xx
@bubblegarm aw i will! don't worry  thanku! night night &lt;3 xxxx
wish I was old enough to book a room at the st. francis for a night... 
i've started shaking!  this is quite funny even tho it shouldn't be! haha anyways night girlies! xxxx
spending the evening with my textbooks 
I dk what I did last night but my back fkn kills ! Ahh !!!! 
getting the kiddies ready for bed.. good night 
@aayjayarr not when you gotta be up at 6.30  will ring you 2morrow i have a cunning plan for wed night cinema terminator....
@brandyway went to the wonderful rutland area to see my friend in rocky horror, last night...alas, didn't see any sort of &quot;COPS&quot; action 
music exam tomorrow going to go so bad  night
@MyBottlesUp yeah, I had to give up on it last night - it wouldn't tweet at all.. 
Last night in clearwater with the parks 
@mtvcanada sorry guys! apparently none of my texts have been getting through all night! 
@Costus I envy you energy for a drink. All I did was eat dimsum, bit o football, then parked on the couch all night. 
this is going to be hard...last night at the house..booers! 
need gallons of coffe  another sleepless night 
@poojarazdan I thought I read - you were awake all night working - sniff sniff 
Just realized that I forgot to go to a friends party last night... oops! guess i'll be getting an ear full tomorrow. 
i try to force my self to sleep last night at 1 and went to bed at 5 i am just a all nighter i guess 
didnt sleep well last night.. something happened that reminds me the past... and woke up in the morning with bad mood.. 
bubble tea keeps me up at night 
last night.. heavy! @vanessafreeman is sick @mashibeats smacked it @btawiah jumped on and my cheeks hurt from the grinning then i left 
is feeling a bit rough after a relatively restless night 
@CackleberryKids julie is awesome! see how excited she was last night when she won then sooo upset when she knew she didnt do well 
When twitter goes to sleep at night, this makes me sad 
Is slowly dying from hayfever. It only came on last night 
had some horrible nightmares last night 
@l3wish Yes I am I like it But i don't like the speed  but overall its keeping me up all night LOL
so sad. the last titanic survivor died in hr sleep last night 
had a fun night. but now im depressed. rest in peace mr. tolle. 
the stars didn't grant me my wish last night 
So my night just went from worse to terribly worse. What have done to get this 
bad night.  bad yesterday  thank goodness for the toystore
@robotparker i couldn't sleep the other night so i watched 10 episodes in a row! when i re-read that it sounds more sad than awesome. 
I'm dying and I don't remember coming home last night! WHAT?  I'm an idiot!xxx
.. i guess the secret to getting a good night sleep is to go to bed exhausted, except that when you wake up, you're still exhausted.. 
That mofo never wrote back and boyfriend hasn't held me all night 
feels like a alcoholic drink.  But can't do it on a school night. 
@rebekaaa i know  lastfm broke last night so maybe that has something to do with it, the whole website was down.
fuck my life right? got off at 9 last night.clockin in at 5 this morning 
was up sick all night, but has to go to work anyway 
bleugh, fell asleep with all my makeup on last night 
One our staff members passed away last night  The students are a mess!
My internet is so slow. Another boring night. I wanna go out. 
@jamiedavinci I got the text last night, I thought it was a bad dream  I hope he's ok
@the100rabh dude even i wished you last night, but you did not thank me. 
vaca over   but I spoke to him all last night &amp; this morning ...have to say he's been a good influence,a good friend, a good bf...what
I'm sorry, guys... I'm still a little annoyed at the non-kiss last night. We waited so long.  Give me a day, I'll get over it.
finally en twitter!!! man crazy night last night...after the minor accident my neck hurts so bad 
@carol_ss sorry i couldn't talk 2 you last night 
Last night I dreamed of my father. He's been gone so long, yet I still miss him so much 
I couldn't sleep last night so I took a sleeping pill, now I feel drunk 
@KennyLowe aww bless you! How dare you fall asleep on me last night!!! 
should of known something was going to go horribly wrong when takeaway arrived 10 mins after ordered, squits &amp; pukes since last night 
first, my cat was very bad and meowed last night from 3:00 - 4:30 at which point I yelled at her and she went and hid under the bed.  
@danisprout totally ridiculous. people are crazy. &amp; i couldnt sleep last night either 
@Gooddogz I am SO sorry I couldn't remember your name when I was recording the vid last night, I am just mortified about it 
oops, didnt earn any points last night, my woman asked for cookie dough, and i forgot  sorry babes
what an unproductive night  http://plurk.com/p/xo8u0
@shazzajovi meant the lack of 'x' saying not in your nature to not put them but loads without last night  right depongging, here i come x
@kelsiekaye: god I had the exact same dreams last night 
@hildegunni have an awesome night and good luck! I can't make it 
@waxyx haha oops :x why are you still awake so late at night? Haha I am hungry 
@smacula. lol, i dont trust myself to do that, i'll end up doing some other random stuff, plus i havent slept thru the night in two days 
@missamanduh thanks! me too...i got NO sleep last night!!! 
I'm v tired &amp; think I need early night. Hardly slept last nite but can't even blame champagne from the christening...only had 1 glass 
hopefully tonight my foot doesn't hurt as much as it did last night (only 3 painkillers could get me to sleep finally...) 
took a random drive to lancaster last night... and now i'm paying for it now... 
@nfarnham good luck eating with them.    but at night forever isn't bad at all.
@v3trae haha noooo I love it. I don't love driving home all night though 
@NickHOOPSduhh I'm pretty sure i texted you saturday night because I was at the movies...but no reply... 
missed daisy of love last night 
burnt on my shoulder  2night was actually class!
every night, at about 23:00, the dns stops working 
@philwest i am missing game night too.  @laniar - plz promise us another one!
night twitter, i'm still sooooo sore  x
just called Cuerno to make a reservation and found out that they closed for good last night  http://tinyurl.com/n6v76b
@robsessiondotca I would love to see new vids of him singing at an open mic night. It makes me sad he can't do them anymore. 
@SamanthaAlabama oh that sucks  what are you doing this fine evening?
Needed a proper early night, now has been sucked into a film that wont finish timm 00:20 - what to do!?!  
sigh, have to go to bed, it's a school night! 
Working at the restaurant...slow night 
@Allafacade no they haven't.  night night tweet dreams &lt;3
beach was awesome. night class sucks. 
I'm so sad that lauren conrad's final episode aired last night 
@MelanieNugent Thanks! I watched a programme last night on kidnapping and I was shocked at one of the cases! So bad 
Mosquitoes attacked the shit out of me last night. 
right i'm going to try and bare the heat of my room...  night xxxx
yep, i knew it. i had a feeling all last night. can't get weed 
bummer. my internet crapped out the entire night.  didn't get to listen to the commentary for roddick-monfils match.
@roxybella143 sorry last night had the craziness 
back in the lab waiting on my optical density so I can image. . . anticipating a late night 
it's just a boring evening 
is watching television rather than doing homework  ... but gosh it feels soooo nice to just have a quiet night with my hubby and puppy.
Trying to feed a baby who doesn't want to be  she's need her night time bottle
@rocksontheradar my fault about that night jumped the gun sorry you had to see that side of me 
@HeavenReigns didn't know u were having one! I'm so out the loop. I already have tickets to another party that night 
damn.  i'm done with the bottle. no opening the new bottle until tomorrow night 
feeling sick   going to beed , nighty night!!
I guess I'd prefer feeling sick at night if I had to pick, but it sure makes for early bedtimes 
@djscratch I know... eek!  I can't make it anyway, playing at a two things the night before and a solistice jam around here... lol..
@thisismeg at night? man  I'll have to look into it! I don't suppose you have enough time to meet me somewhere in the city, hey?
@karlerikson Why such a bad night, punkin? 
nite peeps. ptc headache is blasting me. anyone have a good remedy for leg cramps that come at night? i paced the floor last night  yuk!
in the mood of going out....but i cant cause i dont have anybody to go with..  jajajajaja.....i'll just go to sleep early...good night..
I miss my hubby  but superstoke @tayyylovestay is staying the night !!
It's a cup o' noodle night tonight. 
well I was supposed to be having a movie night with my sisters, but they fell asleep. sucks that they have school in the morning 
@ChristineMadray believe me i wanted to! he is my fav dj but i just couldnt that night 
NIGHT NIGHT!!!..work in the morning...boy how i wish money came easey 
@kristenstewart9  chucks related injury...great outfit last night
@IMEDUCATEDNSEXI lol you and I both!  Ish keeps me up all night 
My little daughter had a asthma attack last night, I really hate it  Now I'm so tired but so much work today...
is spending the night on a plane...upgraded but unsnuggled 
covered in vick's, trying to sleep, allergies are terrible.  night.
I think I'm gonna call it a night looong day tommorrow! And my back hurts..  Anywhooooo night!
night of the white pants or law&amp;order or sleep. 
@wildchild75 just saw your msg about me being up late, I think I was up late that night because of insomnia 
@Ratchthesnatch I was at the gym all night, missed your call 
@theecovergirl charm school will come on again before the night is over. I missed it too!  I called u back!
@kt_writes hugs to you - sorry to hear about your evening 
time for bed. still bummed my tv's busted. i guess no late night E! before bed 
hey taylor do you know of anywhere i can see the dateline nbc thing from last night i missed it 
pulling an all-nighter because i procrastinate all too well and have been so busy lately 
tired but is still studying for math test tomorrow. i guess another sleepless night. story of my life 
bed time, asthama is acting up cuz of the weather  night tweeters!
good night my wittle twitterbugs..i can't breathe  good night jenessa..i miss u terribly..boo hoo 
@natalietran but i wanted to be your stalker  fine then i'll do the next best thing and stand outside your window at night
@kathryntft when will your aim be unblocked so we can late-night chat again?? (or your texting) IMY! 
@chopman even if i am tired, i lie awake for 3 hours b4 falling asleep  it suck! not every night, just most nights... wine helps tho! haha
Wow I slept like shit last night, really hot 
No more caffeine at night.   Wow, things have changed since college.
mornin all you good, good people... t.i.r.e.d! the new baby has a bad, sore cough and was up a lot of the night 
still cant get over losing my camera last night....i love photos and cant afford a new 1. plus everyone looked amazing last night 
@ihatecrayons Aww I&quot;m sorry  We saw it last night and I thought I was going to cry during it but I made it through miraculously
@razorianfly morning?! I'm going to sleep now. 3:30am. Bad night......cheese overload. 
i lost an earring last night 
crazy fucking night; never again. 
A huge spot has grown on my nose over night  why does #god hate me
argh, accidentally slept with my contact lenses in last night  oww
@lisatufton lisaaa will you vote again please? the poll broke last night and they had to reset it, its one vote each now 
@rhys_isterix I can't get that horrible dream I had last night of Simbacat out of my head!  Its unnerving me! 
I got to bed way to late last night 
Hey, you know what sucks, is when your kid has been barfing all night &amp; wants to nurse but you feel that nursing might make you barf. 
I had trouble sleeping last night.. Why.. I don't know! But I'm awake now and I am loosing my voice  like WTF.
@JenniferSmithCo I was very upset I couldnt get cucumber o my win 7 machine last night. gems is broken 
Also there was a cougar in the lobby last night, but she didnt come back like she said she would 
I wish I remembered to charge my laptop last night   http://bit.ly/zuUoF
Morning all, been a long night up all night with really bad tooth ache, bloody dentists should of just took it out not xray it 
@TimothyH2O sorry about last night I would have stayed up with you but you weren't here when I left 
@SpiderxBear haha yeah  ah well, next time. well im going to a diff concert on saturday night so i wont be sitting at home listening to
last tuesday at work- i need to stop having bad dreams like i had last night. 
@spirallings atleast your results are still far away. mines are coming out next next week  sighs. i'm leaving on the 6th at night.
@justindg awwwww  get well soon! btw you were in my dream last night! haha
just about to goto bed....not tired at all  but its 11:30 almost and i have to be up at 7  nighty night all!!!!! (:
Last night's raid was fun, downed 3/4 keepers but no loot for our hero 
Watched Ten Pounds last night, brilliant movie,I couldnt stop weeping!!! 
@KaiulaniHill how was the gym last night. And that tweet about unemployment is a little disturbing 
started reading new moon last night and cryed its so sad 
missed connan last night! dammit! i was so tired last night  happy tuesday all!
@Ashleysmilesxo haha yeah! which is awesome! ahh sorry my internet cut off last night!  have a good day! )
had the worst nightmares last night 
mad I missed the jay-z concert last night 
@adventureswith3 ya .. the flash on mine quit working after a night at the bar .. and i havent had the money to get a new one 
ugh. work on my night off. boo 
had nothing but upsetting dreams last night 
my back usually hurts a little everyday but last night was the worst night of my life so far 
right, off to bed. nighty night world. also, no @train2game interview, have to reschedule 
On my way to the airpost, leaving for washington tonite and missing my dog who passed away last night 
Has anyone heard from @streetpete or @piginthepoke this evening - missed them on blip 
taylor cant spend the night 
bought different brand foundation heavily discounted last night, put on this morning, a tad too dark, instant tan, but just on face 
@ddlovato aww, i know! I watched halloween the other night and it just didnt feel the same!! 
Still has the duty page on the night of a release 
never did the report last night, now i have to  lmao grr :\
@yourmotherr i know  it sucked more than your mom last night.
@roboresa untrue.  I'm so sorry you've had a shitty night.    If there's anything I can do, please let me know.
The night is going too quick...barely just got home...don't wanna go back to work in the morning...   I forsee redoing stuff I did tnite
Bad night. I don't know the last time i had to say the wings and the tigers lost 
I really hope that sleep is my friend tonight...it hasn't been the past two nights 
Another long night.  save me from the madness
I don't like being a night owl anymore. 
Some how I managed to screw up my neck getting out of the bath last night. Just what I need on top of the flu 
Ugh, heartburn in the middle of the night sucks ass. It makes for a very sleepless night 
Is so hurt from last night's fight with my mom 
ok, I guess I have to stop for the night because my cell is not wit me 
I'm in the 60192 area for one night, and one night only.  I have to go back tomorrow for school stuff...  mehh!
@JanaGriffis I can't come over tomorrow night. I have to do my bosses hair before recital 
@MelodyDTF sounds good!! did u make it to urban latino the other night&quot;? jo told me to head over but man i was so tired  hit the bed at 7
thinks that philippine democracy just died last night 
deffinetely no time for the gym tonigh, but had a good night after the damn 3 hr meeting...gym in the morning b4 work then work 1-9 
@nicholasbraun I was on crutches &amp; on vicodin at my prom  I barely remember that night.
mixed a lot of drinks last night! experiencing a really bad hangover now 
@OUBad he's four he woke back up and wont go back to bed this is the second night he's done this to me 
did a stupid thing last night... 
I can't sleep....and nobody twitts at night 
Totally not ready to call it a whole night too  bad everyone else is 
@tjbaby101 yeah, just throwing a tanty cos I didn't get a chance to write last night 
@sarahbeantweets just threw a tanty cos I didn't get a chance to write last night 
This is the 2nd night in a row where I'm exhausted but I just cant fall asleep  I dont know what the deal is!
And only now getting to bed. @st0w is still packing.  first night in new apartment. It's weird.
woke up in the middle of the night...need to go back to sleep!!! 
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfbCan you do the live chat earlier? I can't be there, because it's at night then 
I twisted my ankle last night turning over in bed! I'm falling apart 
@idifficult I didn't sleep last night   I saw the new controller, made me consider getting an xbox.  After consideration I decided no.
I'm really tired today, my stoma is over active &amp; I've been up all night going to the bathroom. I'm not a happy bunny 
my hamster stitch died in the night 
doing english essay atm got 2 night till i have to hand it in, making me all mad and angrey 
I knew I'd regret the late night, but bloody hell, I didn't think I'd be this shattered 
Up putting in for a sub bc my eye looks like I lost a boxing match last night 
Slightly disappointed with Conchords last night 
No sleep last night. Literally none. Today is going to hurt a lot 
@stefinraleigh got attacked by mosquitos here last night too, big bite on my leg that is so itchy...boo! 
@fearcandy666 shit sorry. totally missed your question... really hoping you checked kerrang! gigs as show was last night at underworld 
is very sore from going to the gym last night  But I know it will be worth in in the long run!!
deffinetly had the shakes last night,bring them back,there a sign 
I finished what i was doing last night, but now i am sleepy and unwilling to go to work....   anyway i have to 
craziest thunderstorm ever last night..barely slept 
@leahevey poor you  it sux being sick. I know lol. really want a night out at the cambo. you should come to G sat night.
@babygirlparis I hate it whenever I can't sleep. I had trouble going to sleep last night too. It sucks whenever that happens 
@ChristyDH I'm playing the basement on the same night. I shed a tear when I read what date it was on 
is in a world of pain following basketball. rough night  going to be useless at indoor soccer tmrw night, @benduxredux u have been warned.
Bad thunderstorms last night, I spent the night with a terrified cocker spaniel glued tightly to my ass. I didn't get much sleep.  
night tweetland.... another late night.. won't at all do wonders for my eye sags 
@prinpenpanda No trouble holding anything down, but I def think I'm lactose intolerant now. I was up all night 
Another day of icing my hamstring, maybe I can get a nice run in tonight, last night cut my run to just over 4 miles b/c it hurt so bad. 
@FranzFangirl I had the same problem last night 
woodys and jimmy johns got the best of me last night  and.....
&quot;I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.&quot; / going to work now but i have no pleasure cause the sun is shining 
I'm going to bed now- think I'm getting a cold  night to everyone xxxx
I forgot to charge my ipod last night   I'll have to wait until later to play lemonade tycoon.
very tired today! dogs werent behaving last night. 
@jannypie morning love bug. Another sleepless night? 
i feel sick  and i has bruises from last night n chunks outta me but im going back for more friday...ily all time low
@balleralert thank you and have fun in miami! Sucks that u won't be around  that shot got me last night.
@creativeswag was coo. not that long. thought it wud make tired but no. I wanted to say hi to u thAt night but u left 
tried to find a dress for saturday night at the belfry........to no avail 
is desperate to see the jonas brothers 3D concert experience, why isn't it on at night? 
thanks for destroying my peaceful slumber last night, thunder and lightning 
The one night I let myself slack off and nothing goes right. 
Just saw the pictures from the hen night 
is wondering why she couldn't sleep at all last night and how she's gonna stay awake and find time to study for all her finals 
@ARetzena kasia and i tried to go last night and it was insanely busy, didn't even eat anything 
My grandma had a rough night last night. They finally have her stable again but she is back to 100 on the vent 
Off to work, special members night so i'm working til 9 
@beast Arghh I saw last night's but missed the first episode...  was it great?
had a great dinner party last night w/some good friends. we're going to miss them 
Too muuuch wine last night and now I'm eating like a horse in hopes of making myself feel better 
So i am so tired because last night at like 2am there was a thunder and lightning storm so i woke up and stayed awake til it was over 
went to get a drink late at night, the fridge is broken again.  thank god i have my bar fridge..
twitter wouldn't let me post last night 
just realized i forgot to pay for my drink at the last night after-dinner hang out.  don't know who paid for it, but i owe you one!
Home, tired and feeling yuk  Early night me thinks
I forgot that I emailed her that...we were kinda tipsy that night... I remember those days  lol
@cryslewis My old boss hooked me up with a pass last night at 11.  that's why I was wondering.  
@annwhit going to see lit up parade &amp; fireworks at magic kingdom as last night  
Off on a night shift   tweet later!
@jamaicanchula i heard that sucks what happened you never replied the other night 
i wanna relive last night's concert!! 
@fattonyrap i was kinda sad you weren't at mango's last night. 
magic lost pretty bad last night 
sigh.. wasted the entire evening.. i should get myself down to the dining hall and act like a mugger.. 
U know twitter kicked me off again last night like right after I said gnite to u. 
You know your getting old when you feel bad in the morning without having any fun the night before...   
magic lost last night    so sad.
did anyone hear thunder or see lightning last night? i didnt 
@smccrea when the sunday night show were doin  or is that what i missed if i did im even more sorry
my wife @lvnkeith is gone for the weekend...wont be back until sunday night. sad face 
argh haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaangover i drank a whole guitar full of cocktail last night and it was awesome but regretting it now 
last night in london   making it worth while going dancing with the girls!!!
Working a split shift today  but had h**lla fun last night!!!
@amybabydoll69 i wouldnt have a clue where to stay if i was going to stay the night  how annoying!
@wikkideclipse lol night  after nap i gotta go to work 
It's been raining since last night straight. I didn't know that was possible. Makes me just wanna stay in the house all night. 
@apecks03 he seemed so happy last night  idk what happened I watched him eat all the food and gave him kisses thru the glass!
@sanlwi our fish keep dying.  we lost a tetra and all the guppies, too.  we cremated rupert last night. 
@jwillensky says it's playing here 1 night... the night mom getshere    http://twurl.nl/bmgaxw  but looks like will have wide release too
i haven't been with jordyn for 19 hours  zach and her are staying thee night. woot
And the whole qutting of ciggarettes is in the shitter. i smoked like 80 last night 
@Katierose19 your sadder than me. I'm on sofa. on friday night. on twitter 
offf to another meeting  yuck..but fun night ahead !!
@marylouv420 idk bout tonite dudesie. angelo stood me up last night 
is enjoying her short night in! back to work at half 8 
im so pissed there is no open mic night 2night and i don't know y  there was just a bunch of kids there in dancing suits grrrrrrrrrrrr!!
however the downside is I'm doing laundry on a friday night   (but I have nothing to wear for my wedding tomorrow!)
Last night in paradise 
@nikkeebear aww it seems to  hate everyone 2night 
seems like nobody wanted to go out.  just another lonely night in vienna
Still buzzing listening back to the session with the lads last night. I need to be in a band again 
Watching the last Pirates of the caribbean now right last tweet of the night as I have to get up early to go home....bye bye flat 
trying to recover from a sleepless night, sharing my bed with an chronic ear-achy little girl 
the last time on the el dorado stage...  it should still be a good night though...
Babysitting   haha fun friday night!!! NOT
I always feel cheated when I have a child-free night and nowhere to go 
Has nothing to do on a friday night 
@joe19g27 sad as it may seem, I'm so horrible with names that working here 1 night a week I don't know all the people  what's he look like
slacking... down with headache on wet friday night 
Last night with the dudes, wahhhh  no brothers for the summer.
ok departing for road trip to see biffy in 1 hr. tomorrow night ill be front row center lol  YAY driving at night  hate that part.pray.
trying to sleep and hoping i won't fail like last night  damn u eyes just close !!
everyone's asleep. it's my last night at number 50 and i'm sad 
Last night on the strip *sniff* *sniff* 
watching 'prom night'  ehh its sad so far 
what a beautiful night but sorry I had to stay so close to home 
@mpeleides i didnt see your @ last night! obv, i wasnt at the party today  i wanted so badly to go but i couldnt walk!
Wishing i could in to 'first friday' on main street on this beautiful night. But i have way to much stuff to do. 
@MeriSielu: i am so sorry your night went shitty.   anything i can do to help?
why hello there, house. I will not be leaving you for the rest of the night 
robbery at work last night. going in tmrw to help out. why must there be bad people? 
@emotion_avenger ugh suckage  i hope your night is still fab!
it's friday night and i'm in my home.. hahahaha nothing to dooooo! 
is slacking off from running and swimming. Also missed out on morning ride today because of a night of drunken tomfoolery 
bunny is no more. She lay down earlier this evening, and just ... stopped 
  not a cool night.
Sometimes I really loathe phones and the power that one call has to turn an awesome night into suckage 
@trusthimto the final exam's just around the corner, I'm just staying up all night studying 
Actually have a night off..woooot. And I'm just sitting home  lol oh well what's a guy to do) http://myloc.me/2Lpc
@TheSmokingPen yep and having to search for @ replies to me really blows  - did you catch burn notice or royal pains last night?
youth is wasted on the young  tonight is a depressing night.
 could this night be any worse?
@thecutiedisease I found it all helpless in my yard.  I have to make sure it stays warm through the night so I can take it to the wildlife
Going 2 bed.  but I am soo tired. I am a huge night owl and somtimes have a problem with that.  oh well good nite fellow twitterers!!!!
@PattinsonRobT me either, sorry you guys got screwed over   i hope your evening gets better...
@AlexAllTimeLow GAhh! my bitch of an ex bestfriendd madee me not be ablee to go to urr showw last night!!! i was so pissedd 
@rhispect my honey works nights so I have to sleep alone every night.  where do I find one of those living organisms? 
@angelajewell jearous.. alone on a friday night is no bueno/ fun 
Oh what a freaking night 
you know what i think?? i think its time for a goodnight.. so good night and i am going to bed caue i have to get up at 7 ... yay!!! 
Home for the night and glad to have tomorrow off... I will miss my eye candy though 
Another sleepless night  I seriously need to focus my thoughts on something else
has been awake since 5.11 am that wot you get for an early night 
work tonight was a fucking killer.. bleh :/  work meeting at 8 in the morning and work tomorrow night  worn out. goodnight lovers. xoxo
@MomaMiaCL sorry couldn't tweet back last night my phone wasn't letting me  well it's 8:00am and going to my aunts then granparents.
Oh the hangover!!!! Why do I get talked into going out on a work night? 
Oh the hangover!!!! Why do I get talked into going out on a work night?  http://bit.ly/JIoxlY
My cuddle buddy for the night, since i'm not with @Adiqshen tonight   http://tinyurl.com/phjr9r
omg home by myself on a saturday night, feeling quite sad 
stayinnn home on a saturday night....saddd     looong weekend thnks to the queen ;)
Eugh was dreaming about food last night :-S woke up &amp; felt real sick, just when I thought that feeling was going away 
found one of the baby blackbirds dead on our patio last night - there's only one left now 
gah my ears are crusty and sore from where I repierced them last night 
i don't like being hangover... feeling sick, sore head   what an eventual night last night i may say.... the only eventual thing about..
too bad another good night was fucking ruined..I don't wanna sleep alone  at least some text me? anyone?
Going to see what the big fuss is about. So it's a quiet night, with me and my pal: gossip girl season 1, wow stimulating tv 
@FrazJ  not fair, i was SO happy it stoped last night, we were really worried we were gunna get soaked
had an awesome night last night to wake up and find its raining really bad 
have just been informed that my wife dreamt last night she was proposed to by @schofe via twitter. Sodding accepted too 
my younger sister partied at embassy superclub last night. now i feel like a loser 
The worst feeling is being hungover after a really crap night 
my elbow really hurts, whacked it off @lydiarobbins desk last night 
@Mykespace what's wrong michael? I miss you, I had a bad night too  it's cause we weren't eachothers sidekick
laptop can't go ten minutes without battery!  anyways night. many games tomorrow.
@hughsbeautiful alas it had been and gone!    just a one night stand!
am TOTALLY hating on management. spending a saturday night in with my nose in a book 
so sleepy  went to see terminator salvation last night. good film, dozed off for a few minutes during the big fight though. annoying!
@viveksingh nope! haha. it was ladies night. but me n friends put in our appearance v late 
has the lurgey which means im sick on my weekend off and cant go to my friends hen night tonight-i was looking foreward to pole dancing 
dj-ing last night in portsmouth, back in lovely reading for the day, broken my headphones last night...gutted! 
@katierussia ohhh, I'm just here for one night and have plans with old school pals  guttttted.
@junnetx i really missed you last night  i didnt have anyone to get hot&amp;naughty with . wink wink
last night in my apt was fab! now just have to unpack 
is sooo cold in this freezing night! adelaide u boring city! missing the boyfriend all so much 
so who was at rocky last night? i totally missed out  saw the hangover. best movie ever.
@elisabetgiske I won't be at church tomorrow night... It's my dad's birthday so we're going out for dinner... 
@peoplebrowsr - see the auto tweet last night didn't work 
is where were the jonas brothers last night?! 
last night there was another power cut. It's a good thing that is raining again, but this city is not prepared to face strong rains 
I always lose one side of my earings! Wtf whywhywhy?  &amp; l&amp;jus yess sucessful night!
2 seconds before going out last night i broke 2 toes  ouch went to the hospital and still managed to go out hehehe
I think the little elves that do housework while we are sleeping forgot to stop at my house last night 
last night was goooood! despite being tired and walking back in the rain. not fun saying goodbye 
loverly loverly vacation, so far so good found the liquor store last night, only disappointment, not in wi no potted cow 
home on a saturday night 
I left the FredMobile's lights on all night and now the battery's dead.  
I want my night of sleeping back.   Dreaming of working about work the whole night does not equal sleep.    #fb
there were two ideas in particular we came up with for the sitcom last night that were killer, but one of them neither of us can remember 
@awesomekate  sorry i bit you last night 
@seille i hope the rest of ur night went well, i'll b over later 2 search 4 my lost phone lol.... 
had a very fun night last night. pushed in a pool fully clothed. too many goodbyes, though.  i'll miss those guys.
I was indirectly told something I def didn't wanna hear last night! 
blisss......macdonalds always does the trick ....actually soo gutted am missing the cfest the night  close to tearssssssss 
Shoot, just ran into a big snag for the market this evening! 
@gunkanator *big hug* how are you? I didn't see you at the ball last night 
... good night, shame that could not be there! 
@jennama sold out  who knew people still went to movies on friday night!
went to my cuz graduation last night and my head still hurts from all that screaming 
@Fredrikk got in a big argument last night with someone while I was very drunk and I don't think they care about me anymore  
@rjeanpierre aaawwww I would have loved for u to come thru last night!!!!! 
would love to know who's house party we bowled right into last night. I want the house please. abFAB night yup!! One more sleep in ldn 
i feel so bad for what ive done last night     
@michellepatty thanks for the coffee table!  it is beautiful!  sorry i wasn't up when you came by...didn't sleep, was sick all night. 
Faithyhopes flatmates room was broken into last night and I obv slept better than I imagined as I never heard a thing 
wonders if he was an asshole last night 
So I am hearing we caused an accident last night.  it was the bottle of patron I tell ya!
@mcurie there was a powercut at tweetup? wow !! ... i missed 
working till 10 at night  nothing like a nice 8 hour shift on a saturday
is thinkin she has a boring night ahead with food as her only comfort saying as the telly is rubbish!  xoxox
needs to get a new fish cause hers died last night 
Yes...I'm waiting him online until this late of night, and he's only online just for a few minutes then he left away without chat with me 
of to work for such an exciting night woop!!  haha
Hanging out with ryan and watching tlc fionas sleaping lol she had a rough night 
@stevethedeve i saw frances last night at manor and you werent there  so sad.
@charchaos aawww you stuck with the grandparents on a sat night   are they there for long,lol,xx
Is fed up and is about to go home , fancyed a night out aswell 
blah..too much to drink last night 
greeted by first rattlesnake of the year at front door last night 
I hate being hungover  but what a fun night!!
last night was fun, i miss my @gorillaglo and @heatherholley a whole lot though 
@DavidArchie what's your favorite brand of cereal? This is a  question that haunts me at night 
@JustShemaBaby is worn out frm lastnight. She made a late night run w/ me to K24 bcz I haven't been eating dinner bcz I b stuck n studios 
had an awesome night but now feels down again, don't know why 
at home, feeling rather sick on a saturday night  bugger.
bad hangover this morning  .. @imegs sorry for the drunk chatter last night
It's a saturday night and I'm at home studying boo 
@Tylomichael i have your lighter you left it here last night. No cigarettes though 
is sitting in the library on a saturday night studying optimization techniques 
Misses how he wud come all the way ova jus to hold me at night. 
hm... off 2 bedfidsha nighty night not really brothers coming on  bye x
so tired...key is too much at night  love her to death but need a vacay to be on my own
is at home on a saturday night watching TV 
@asiakadoodle sadly, no  we HAVE to all hang out again one night with macaroni and plastic ducks. i pretty much live with meme now.
@DebbieFletcher i think i mite go to bed, feel ill  nighty night xxx
@bossjones I had it on the charger last night and my mom woke up early, unplugged it and took it 2 work. Apparently it belonged 2 her... 
@abrowngirl Spymasters is being mean to me  haven't been able to do any tasks since twitter's maintenance last night
so much for movie night, my babies ditched me for thomas the train 
oh no! - teenagers parents have gone away next door! - looks like it's going to be a long noisy night!!!! 
@jack_ono being in on a saturday night is always a sad thing. 
has a very nasty bruise form falling over last night - 4 inch heels and whie wine do not go well together 
i really dont want you to leave  (N) was crying all last night :'(
@MelissaEGilbert i will be stuck in class just a few blocks away tuesday night!  damn. 
@kshertz awww I am so sorry we did not get to chat  we were really busy last night.  I feel bad I did not get to talk to many peeps
Missed out on casino with the girls 2night cos this stupid poorly throat! 
@ChelseaGA :\ i dunno... i reckon it might just be last tour night and all too much for her  but i really hope she, and everyones, ok  x
@sophrebeccakyle i ahve and it hasnt worked  bless me. haha awww nighty night xxx
mabel got me drunk last night  she's already told me i have to do 4 shots with her 2night. i don't even do shots! oh no!!!
ooook nighty night twitterville, clearly making a boob of myself being online...too many sailor jerrys  x/x.x
doing nothing on a beautiful saturday night 
@GAILnp ahhh gail i never see you do the stanky leg last night 
i'm tired. i fancy going to bed. i'm lonely. and my hairs to dark.  night night xx
i actually survived all night in my heels! oh god the headaches already kicking in 
@1vs100XboxLive any tips on how early? I had trouble getting in the other night 
fun day at the lake with @jeepgirlie, @heyrick, and the wifey. w00t! now the wifey's is off and leaving me in the dust for the night 
tired after spending half the night in a hospital with my poorly mum  had to leave her there for the night 
2nite is nicks last night with the band! 
@nueck I missed the cocktail night cause I didn't check my cell 
had a really nice night, thanks everyone who came along, so sad to leave u all 
has puffy swollen eyes from crying all night..  http://plurk.com/p/yyk10
family dinners suck and i have to spend my saturday night at one  life just keeps getting better
Ugh! I dropped 25 bucks last night somewhere while I was out!! 
Maks is out for the night.  But he hasn't has a bath or his dinner yet.  
Why is my bedroom so coooold ?  ...trying to sleep now...night all x xx
My friend almost died last night  Wow that was so scary!!
At newark night on main street...bout to go home cuz my pplz no here..  
**sigh** I would much rather have a blockbuster night with that special someone...BUT I'm going out instead 
just got back from an amzing night. i didnt want it to end 
i gotta get off b4 10 2night  bummer. dad's not in a good mood
watched pushing daisies last night, it's really too bad that it got cancelled.... 
tonights the last night on the beach  its beautiful tho
sitting at home on a saturday night. 
The sad thing is that this was what I was supposed to finish last night - I'm playing catch-up.  
@teatotally aww, bless you  you don't! anyway i am off to bed. @lynne9 night you drunkards. xxx
night twitter world. im beat from camp and a sitting through a 3 hour dance recitle. 
@mel_mcd awh i missed your twattering last night too! and i miss you too, i havent seen you since graduation! 
Not even cherry on top made this night better 
 .........not really a good night guys ! buu huu
@princessofworld: hey, i've tried to look at the night ranger pics and they aren't coming up. 
is soo hungover from last night.. sorry sweetie i threw up in your car 
@AaL17 Aw, it's night?  darn it!! Aw, aren't they? aybe one day they will be like that over there! 
.. it's not even my fault - vodafone NEVER downloads shit that fast, so when i left it on all day and night i didn't expect it to go over 
I'm awake &amp; dreaming makes me feel my brain was up working all night 
&quot;So I drive home alone, as I turn out the light I put his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight&quot; rough night  @taylorswift13
watching the titanic with ash so sad  my last night in myrtle ready to be home.
I am sad because my friend jest called and canceled our girls night out 
Trying to pull an all nighter but threres no1 to txt 
@ash_kay you disappeared on me last night 
I'm just praying its sunny tomorrow, i NEED 2 swim   .............. (i'll keep posting through the night, thnks 2 my fucking insomnia()
@paulinahearts haha don't even whatt??? btw you didn't call me back last night  ouchhh. that hurt me baddd. lol.
I'm missin my dog. He always slept with me at night. Now I feel more lonely than ever. 
chillin in the crib on a saturday night 
@Rokarony i know its amazing. sign of a good night wherever you cats may be 
My great grandmother's in the hospital. I'm going there now. She may not make it through the night. 
@DtotheLicIous I hate my bed  it feels like lil demon gnomes are sticking forks in my back all night 
Drunk idiots are running up and down my halls...this is going to be a looooong night 
Srsly driving with my kaliadascope side mirror at night is not safe 
is kinda sleepy.....and craving pizza like crazy  gotta wait though....going to bed night night my sexy love!!! i love you and miss you!!!
i've been a flat out bitch since last night, i apologize.  
callin it a night 
@donlemoncnn Sitting at home watching your reruns and following tweets......  exciting night..  
met cute irish boys last night, but had a crazy morning that has ruined my weekend 
last night was good, but someone stole my mattress, I want it back.. (don't know how to explain this one to my parents) 
i'm scared if i hook up with chris it's only going to be one night just like all the others 
Another night with a soaking wet pillow. 
@davidburial, dude! I would love some about right now! I had such a rough night - hello $100 speeding ticket! 
is in bed sick  had a awesome night last night!!!
@ddlovato Why wont you spend the night at @selenagomez 's? Demiii. 
@MatthewBryan  my last night on twitter...ily -hugs- ...bye... -sits in corner and cries-
forgot to wake little one up for toilet before I went to bed last night, now I have lots  of bedding to wash. 
Another great night with the colburn people(minus jasmine) 
okay night night niggys. I'm sooo exhausted and i'm sore  booo! zzzz
My  voice doesn't seem to be holding up tonight. hmmm... may need to call no joy on the night 
It is a night of nightmares 
@little_d1976 had a great night; suffering a bit now tho 
@thisisryanross i thought i saw you tonight at a funk night. and then i realized it was just someone trying really hard to dress like you 
woke up in the middle of the night with a bellyache. i wish he was here already 
#britney was fantastic last night, the #hangover this isn't  pain vs pleasure
morning. sorry i didn't call last night. i got home and i felt so sick i went straight to bed. that was about 10.30. 
not having a good night, so sick 
i havent made a single tweet all day  .. and now i just wanted to say im off to bed - night night xox
well nighty night all! not how i wanted to end my day, by my lonesome.  but ill live! goodnight all! mwah!
@crowdedangels yeah  she had a lung infection that was spreading to the rest of her organs. she died in the night  thanks hun 
Another sleepless night  time to start destructively abusing nyquil, methinks..
waking up wit a bad mood.... i still cant forget last night.... makes me wanna cry again... 
ate that pizza far to quick last night ouchhhhhh 
arhh, last night. whatta night  love'd it. but feelin' consequences now.  x
I miss having someone to talk to every night 
hello ;D just woke up at 11.25am .. my night was ways too short 
surveying the damages from last night, how on earth did my expensive new ted baker glasses disappear?! no, seriously. *poof* it went 
i've never had peanuts in my life but i just found out i'm allergic after mike ate some last night. HIVES!! 
I should go have a shower, but all I want to do is research my genealogy. I was on a roll last night, then I had to go to bed 
@mrdaniellucas yea..u should never actually get up in the middle of the night unless u gotta pee..I can never get back to sleep 
the dog was up all night yappin from his box. no idea why. 
i fell asleep last night with a poem on my mind but was too groggy to find a pen... now i can't remember... hate when that happens 
@cymberrain i hate when that happens! last night i organized/predrafted spinning stuff &amp; all of a sudden, it was past my bedtime. 
@RANDIBORDEN loved seeing you last night..sad you had to leave early 
cannot believe that kym and kris kardashian are goin2 c britney and i saw her last night !!! 
took it off  night twitter.
why couldnt people sleep last night?? i slept fairly well...sorry you all did not 
not one ghost made an appearance last night    but we had a fun time!
@nannymv aww thats cool. u on cdb later, i bet i missed loads last night 
feeling like shit after last night 
Definitely could not sleep last night without my blankie 
@micmcdon awww, sorry napkin mctastic did not make an appearance at last night's outing with dan. he was too tired from the other night 
I made a serious blunder in etiquette last night. And I'm deservingly suffering for it. 
i had a relapse...i am not over the pics from last night 
@SporkTheEmu haha, i think it's safe to say that i didn't sleep at all last night  stupid insomnia. plus, i'm fraking hungry! ahhhghgsg
has the worlds biggest hangover!  savage night tho 
@j0e_ hey I was at jaxx last night watching y'all, what was the last song you played called? I could hear 
1 vs 100 was really fun last night. didnt win anything though 
slept on the floor because i was/am scared that there are ticks still in my bed from my kitty...  longest night ever
@CurePimmy: I did that to both desktop and laptop last night!  I'm sure they don't hold futuristic techno grudges... right?
peculiar dreams haunted by the ex i still love prevented me from sleeping well last night. I alreay need a nap. 
i never met kevin costner last night. in fact, i didn't even see him on stage. 
had bad dreams about alligators and guns last night 
why did i have 8 shots of blackberry stoli last night.. now i have to skip the gym 
So much for me showing off saying I've never had a night......lmao 
dreamt about playing quidditch last night....because I miss it 
had fun last night until the end =/ i wasnt mad about the lap dance i was mad at the situation 
i wish someone would have recorded last night... 
is still recovering from last night. Wine hurts 
is still embarrassed by certain peoples' performance last night and really just doesn't like being abused for his abilities. 
And who got a look at the occultation last night? Not me, I'm afraid. 
@jindramaqueen lol don't need to type also got the arrow thing u can press to reply and btw tuition on tuesday is 7:30-9 at night 
last night was cool. got my feet soaked tho.  ben by far has the best bon fires.
laying down, tired as hell, thanks to bestie for keeping me up all night. i miss my bestie already 
We had to cancel our show last night, sorry to anyone who was wanting to see us. We really wish we could have played. 
i cried last night  cause i miss kahel so much ! i remembered all the awesome memories. 
fuck. i think i may have tivoed an hour of msnbc's weekend prison show crap instead of pushing daisies last night..... 
Settling down to dinner with the family and a nice quiet evening before the return to work tomorrow.  100 emails down about 250 to go! 
might possibly watch big brother tonight, then bed. need an early night, actual dead 
Is a bit hungover from last night. 
@ayyodaph hehe aw man he called me last night he wants to be in cali  why was everyone amazing last night? uhmayzinguh
@c_hayes @worob @prdude @lisagpn I got smoked  need to go back to monday night mandinner training
ugh I had a great night and the morning is a bitch! Ughhh I hate getting sick outta nowhere! 
@donnamatrix sorry to hear the night was bad. 
can't believe the redwings won 5-0 last night!  go pens go! x
someone stole marlboro lights from my back pocket last night. 
@revareva i hope you had a great time last night! sorry i couldn't make it, i was really bummed out about buckley 
 fed up and upset. i need some good nosh down me and a cuddle from a lovely boy with messy hair please. i need a night out too..
got back from jamaica last night and missing my popstar 
@ThisisDavina not on a school night i wont  why is it on til 11:40?
watching tv! graduation was last night  bitter sweet
@FADIAKADER so how was it last night? sorry we got caught taping 
Oh geeze. After your talk of this last night, I'm terribly sorry. 
In bed but the monitor won't let me sleep  need a good night's rest atleast ONCE!!!!!!
Man last night was horrible!! I didn't sleep at all, I was so uncomfortable... what the hell was that all about? No bueno  me tired
What an amazing night, all that singing and dancing and the lovely company, just wish i didnt have hangover   x
i wish everyone a good night, i am so tired 
Oh in case you don't know- I did not pass out last night. I exceeded my tweets and got locked out 
@lauracmarshall because you're cool like that. I wasn't out with him last night tho 
@rainydayowls i wish i could say the same... if you had the long night i had last night, ud understand... i'm still sore from it 
@stormsgirl &amp;&amp; @Stormmmo missed yall at stokes last night 
still hurting from last night.got shit to do, but I.can't.move 
I might have overdone it last night at the party...I dont remember much...my head hurts 
@hopesterr hope! I deleted it! I deleted my fave text from you last night  you proly saved it or something, did you?
i'm kinda mad at myself turned down summer jam tickets last night and i sooooo shouldn't have, @beezobabii is on a hunt o mannn  lol
@Kolbijean The same exact thing happened here last night to! We heard gunshots 
woke up about an hour ago...what a night! I think I might be getting sick though 
@kikibug13 I hope so.  I feel extra-crappy and just want to nap, but then I'll be up all night.
http://twitpic.com/6ux7w this was last night b4 we bcame a mess! I threw up wen i got home is wat my mom said. I slept on pussy  last nite
great party last night. broke my dads camera though 
Last night with brett 
@stealingoneal sad its over.  but had an amazing night! you guys shouldcome back to syd when kids dont have to sneek out.
hope solace had a good gig 2night... sick i couldnt go 
I'm so fucking tired, and I still have two stories to right and (maybe) an event to get to. And the night shift ends at 10 p.m. 
@jill777 @iheartnynuk  just looked at the seating chart for pnc...not the same as last night!!!  
it still hurts... I am so sorry... I really wish last night never happened... i hate saying things in anger 
@bvanmacman I wanted to go, but I had a lot of trouble falling asleep last night. I was just too tired when I woke up to get ready. 
going to completely re-organize my apartment tonight - what an amazing sunday night.... 
f the sketchy bitch who stole my phone at prom last night 
ugh 4got that the retro skate nite was 2night!!!  o well  
Actually I'm off to night guys @georgiobaker @mattgarner &amp; no it's not that's cheese &amp; nothing can beat my dream last night scary stuff 
a superb evening with envy on the coast last night @ empire, wish i was in bakersfield 
last night was fabulous!  cant wait to see them play again too bad last night was their last show of the season! 
Hey @hawkcam first night in a long time i'll go to sleep without saying good night to the hawks   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Is at work on sunday night instead of watching the finals 
@DDubsTweetheart She was sad last night   We are trying to work something out for her but I don't know...its tough!
aaargh - just got to the office, working all night. To make it worse, my buddy keeps texting me the setlist of the @phish show he's at. 
Going to bed feelin horrible  night
Last night was a lil too crazy 4 me 
epic night last night!!! spent over 200$$ though   hehe
@RealMrCummings and jus think, if u thought last night was bad, I'm goin to bed 2 hours earlier tonight    ... Gu'nite!
tempted to stay up all night to see if someone posts their bbb at midnight but I can't.  fuck you finals, getting in the way of bandom
last night's massacre of the skies has done funny things to my mindbrain  yup.still awake,foos.
@dstarpro sorry i didn't make it last night.couldn't find it in me to go back to the city last night  ...esp cuz i had to go back in today
@lnguyton79....heartburn!!! It was awful...I finally went to sleep last night by propping myself up on pillows! 
@LstInTheSeeThru  i know its depressing! it was still a fun trip. my friend just broke up w/ her bf so she wanted 2 get away for the night
@lealta oh yeah I know exactly what you mean. That's how the scene is unfortunally  I'll b bak tonight let's have a girls night this week!
A perfect night for a slurpee...but no 7-11's nearby 
@iamjuice and keep @SuaveNYC yea been laid in bed awake all night its so annoying i can't sleep 
so, my car died, thus preventing a night of drunken trespassing in a pool. i think this is karma's way of telling me to behave myself. 
@MechanicalBride i've felt like this allll night 
@ellynn omgosh. what a night! i wish i could say there was a prize for finding a deer instead of a malbox.  are you ok?
i want to see my roommate. i miss him, hes been at the park at nights...ive been on days  im going to try to stay up! good night tweeters.
@Kacizzle88 i'm sorry about your night     lemme get you a drink 
@imJustOut and yes we're still driving together, sry about last night 
is gonna gain so much weight from this weeks late night fatty dinners 
ugh, soooo exhausted. going to bed now. even after i fell asleep every single time i laid down earlier. so sleep deprived.  good night.
is literally staring at the moon and the stars on this warm cummer night wishing he had someone to share it with.   
@xxstephieleyna hahha i am supa sick but meds are nice yet they are only for night nights 
is so incredibly bored and lonely  hate/love the night.
Last night with boyfriend 
Yet another late night with way too little sleep. 
says cried so hard last night...now, my eyes hurt.  http://plurk.com/p/1100lw
misses her boy and its only been since last night 
josie and the pussycats are on!! But too sleepy to watch  good night
Not feeling too good this morning. It must be something I ate last night...yes it must have been that curry 
headache from last evening..  may be tea can do any trick
@djknucklehead wait.. i take it back. I wanna rock and roll all night and keep wishing i could go see ftsk in concert. 
he didn't survive  *sigh* guess it just wasn't made to me, poor bird never made it through the night 
forgot to turn geyser back on when we came back last night. 
lmao dw i found the sheet. but still not having a good day/night 
night shifts tonight, have to train the new chap 
Sleeping with a night light is kind of lame! I'm wasting electricity! 
inventory @ 6:30am  night folks!!
@xbrielle  have a good night and yeah hospital beds are lots of fun
Just returned from my Chinese doctor who told me off for not sleeping till late at night. No point to say I did he knows by puls I didn't 
had about 3 giant moths and a million buzzing midge things in my room last night...managed to get in a good 2 hour sleep though 
woke up not feeling so hot...and now I can't sleep...just my effin' luck lol another sleepless night 
@ozdj clinks coffee cup - here to doing work all night and missing #SMCSYD 
@ChloeDunno  i like to bitch nah its just really bad 2 night...
@natashadavitt aww i miss you baby  can't wait until your exams are over! we should do something on friday night maybes?
People were really mean via twitter last night 
@farabovetheclou I'm fully recovered after that pic!!!  I disappeared last night coz I lost the battle for the laptop   how are you? xx
@SongzYuuup thanks for the music today! missed you last night because that place was a mad house 
@nelpix alas no, I wasat uni and they don't allow addins on the liveworm computers as they are wiped every night 
So sad that tonight is the last night mums black macbook will be spending in my house 
@tharicanfreak ya no shit.  dtown was packed last night, loss, downtown gets empty  haha
@LUVSEBBiiECAKES morning hun I fell asleep last night 
so he called last night n we talked for a good hour bout silly shit, but wen he hung up i realized that i fuckin misss him like shit 
@bradiewebbstack awww thank you! i thought you hated me on friday night when you called me a bitch  i wa crying on the inside 
@justjake We haven't managed to make a karaoke night happen yet...   But stay tuned! I feel hopeful for next week!! 
@diannanicole thats supremely disappointing!   i wouldn't have been able to see them anyway...vbs started last night
true blood was good last night. i feel bad for lafayette though 
stupid mozzy bit me last night...my knee is now all itchy 
Thanks for the sleepless night 
@junkiecat @oxherbieox @onebreath @choebe I missed all ya'll last night...I got home late from a dinner and missed the virtual tucks... 
@biancapardal heya lady!have a great evening,sorry to bail 
@killaswift  dam I didnt forget you last night...ok maybe I did. I had a few too many martinis...my bad 
was up all night...thanks to the super strong 'chai' with the dinner combo 
@WendigoAdam what the heck? why would you make your first appearance the night I couldn't attend!? 
my grandmother died last night  keep her in your prayers!
@jenniesloan1 ugh! I was at the boyfriends last night n he doesn't have hbo and it hasn't come up on ondemand yet!!!! I'm rlly sad! 
very tired...it was hard to fall asleep last night without brooklyn there.  
Carols. I fell asleep watching slumdog millionare last night now i have job interviews here in a bit so i won't be home. 
@staceyelliott3 heyy stac, i rang you like 3 times on sat night but i didnt realise that it was the orange women so it took money off me 
night guys!!!   i miss my wife!! 
Thinking about what all happened last night, wishing I knew what I did was the right thing  I'm confused
gwetting ready for work, night guy needed to call out so i have to do an extra night shift to cover, sucks much. 
worst day ever! just found out my grandpa died last night 
I haven't written any songs yet  I'm such a lazy!  At least I've been inspired by the folk evening yesterday 
@paulomonk That was when my 6 yr old jumped into bed with us...and we pretty much kissed our good night's sleep goodbye 
lounging all day. banquet tonight at 6--not happy about missing the bachelorette 
I dreamt about @liv_boeree and @LaceyJones last night ... unfortunately, it was G rated  
is thinking that he should have never went to sleep last night missed out on time wit my boo 
@joeymcintyre I'm seriously bummed that the one night I'm super busy (yeah...I have no life...for real...) is when you decide to play!! 
uhhhhhh last night i was up tell mid night trying 2 do this cheer stunt so crazy i use 2 b able 2 do it b4 i broke my collar bone 
@la_tweeta I'm here! you don't have to file a missing person report  what time you off? you slept late last night foolia.
@jdmh615 what did you get into last night?! aka what did i miss 
@jerm_bob7 sorry I missed your party  will you come to west seattle one night soon so I can buy you a drink and make it up to you?
Tired as hell not looking fowward to work!  tired from the crazy night..!
Ugh I forgot to dvr true blood last night  nothing like sitting down to watch it &amp; it's not there. I feel stood up.
@Jules75 yup, was looking at it the other night and the whole thing just went down 
Just cancelled all my late night plans... Feeling really run down and sick. I need a nurse 
i'm so tired! night for all, i still need make my homework and i need sleep  xoxo. @mcflyharry, good dreams.
@katyhardy ah I was so sad they had to drop off the show with the composure the other night 
night everyone exam 2morrow  glad its just 1
@_emmajane_ haha i might just leave the heavy drinking till the night! even though i get the worst hangovers 
finished editing, the upload i'll prob take ALL  night 
My one night all alone with the TV and no Phillies game 
my husband had a most awesome bday party for my last night then had to report for jury duty this morning at 7:30am. he's still not home. 
@80smusicthebest sorry frankie. It sucks so bad. I was hoping after last night that they would still keep two concerts there...So sorry.. 
Just failed my psych final..oopsy! Now driving to spend the night with @steffBRADLEY on this much gas &amp; in traffic..I'm going to run out 
I need my best friends please? I hate feeling like this  I need a good girly night with ice-cream and movies and girly chats!   16 Days(Y)
Last night in charleston 
@BlackTommy good seeing you last night! we left right after without saying bye  i'm a terrible friend i know
hates working.   I need a nice relaxing night.
attacked by mozzies last night. 
@mliis So sorry hunny! I fell asleep  I will make it up to you tommorow night! I love you &lt;3 xxx
i'm so tired from four hours of sleep last night and i have to be up at 5:30 tomorrow to drive to S.A. to see my grandma in the hospital 
hahahaaha a night girl xD ...I miss those times 
@jaellima lol I knooowwww but I didn't set it up  we can deff go omewhere else after I don't think ima stay the whole night
is gunna spend the night with my seeeester. i miss my lover boyy 
I quit...night, twitter. 
man our dorm apartment got broken into last night and we got robbed. mad food was stolen...srsly...that sucks 
last night, hate ojive - he made me a little drunk 
boreedd  tired form stayin up all night yesterday.
@GreyEyes83 And I'm sorry that ruined your mood  If it's any consolation, I'm not having that great a night, either
Oh man...splurged and ordered pizza for dinner.  It's my last night of eating whatever I want before surgery...I felt the pressure! 
Just had an awesome night of bowling. But sadly i lost to mike by 2 
@cardboardsword ugh math is right -.- im going all night cause mine is pm 
Okayy soo we don't go out anymore since last night and I didn't even know wow I'm smart.. I feel sad 
thinks he will be up all night getting this persuasive speech together!!  
@twitter went to the transformers 2 prem last night and it was wicked but i wish i could of got some picks of the stars 
got into a hit n run last night n feelin the pain today 
@phoebewathoel I just watched that last night! It kind of broke my heart 
Some people are getting on my nervessss  I don't like it. I wish I could go back to last night, that would be siiiick&lt;3
staying in reno for the night.. there isn't anything to do besides gamble and it's 60 degrees out 
Eating at taco bell  its a sad night. LOL.
so i finally go to sleep since i pulled an all-nighterish last night to study..and when i wake up, my mom yells at me to study 
Does not like tonsilitous! I've never had it before an it's making me want ice lollys even in the middle of the night cos it's sore 
Hoping and praying tonight will ne the night my kitty comes home  she has been missimg simce friday =(
has NO blankets. I have to sleep with a sheet  this is going to be a horrid night
oh, and I'm afraid I'm going to be up all night running to the toilet 
time for bed, exams tomorrow!  time to wash the glitter off for the night, have a fabulous night everyone! &lt;3
@Imcooladmitit okay, it's 100 for the night 
alright, getting off now. i have to do my paper.  good night everyonee. &lt;33
another downside of going to bed early... you wake up in the middle of the night ready to go!... 
@yoitsCODY okay  night ttyl, promise? Lol
@phoenix_life that sucks.  I had one the other night. it scared the heck outta me.
one more night in portland... then back to texas 
never get wasted the night before you have to pack your life in a box and bring kids to jesus 
@BellaNancy yeah! but it's so late, i'd be up all night 
up all night again. this shit can take a toll on u   :-/
kept bloody waking up last night  need those cuddles that help me sleep. roll on wednesday xxx
@lindseylauren okay. so that not only made me smile, but for sure made my night, lollll. haha awh, what made you guys not anymore? 
no sleep, gig last night, bed at 12.30ish, laid with my eyes closed all night read a bit but brain 4got to go to stand by wtf! now 2 work 
urfglhg.... ran out of nytol last night, had a shit night's sleep&amp;feel like death warmed up 
@chelleis @jasteo @pinkmartinipink thks dears! ok, i ll see specialist! my back was so pain last nght tat i couldnt slp the whole night. 
night everyone had a horrible night hope things get better 
i miss my baby savannah, already....and i haven't even spent a night without her..............ahhhhhhhhhhhh 
@hellotom thief in the night  thanks for the links
I think i was irritating last night  sorry everyone!
@pssdbt That's true.  I'd do my biking at night, but the park is officially closed at dusk. 
@DominicanGal cuz I already slept lolss I'm going to bed now. good night. and I didn't see u on aim. 
Nightmares are usually reflected on things you dread the most.. and I got one last night.  I'm all bruised again.
went to a lovely bday dinner last night, came home, got nauseous, and chucked it up. culprit: too many diff alcohols and foods combined 
Feeling much better this morning...mind you, I was in bed for 9pm last night  The hangovers do get worse with age...
@arinnaval No cause from 1 I was like, sick all night. 
tired...haven't managed a decent night's sleep for a while now  maybe i'm nocturnal
aaw, i love late night convos with everyone. i'm getting no sleep tonight for sure. i really miss @ngimmi 
i had really weird dream last night...but i wish i didnt wake up from it 
@ddlovato U were amazing last night, i wish you were still in london 
the express delivery who should bring my silk was still not here...it feels like that I have to spend another night with sewing  
Wish I was here last night http://bit.ly/24c5K  so not fair 
@peet81 I had it last night when I went to buy profiteroles at the petrol station but now I don't have it  I called them and its not there
Pagereboot has now been taken down for good due to the cost of data driven through the servers last night! 
I had a really bad nightmare last night.I was caught by a bull while seeing a bullfighting. 
morning...ohhh so tired, 4yo was up coughing all night- 1hr straight, felt soo bad nothing I can give or do 
@excalipoor lol I was dog tired, I went to bed way late the night before, fell asleep at the computer and then tweeted, no podcasts 
I knew that chat last night would jinx something 
god I am so fucking hungry, and I am working overnight and can't see transformers on friday night do to work 
@MKRob im good-slowly waking up-worked out late yesterday-working out keeps me up at night (energy) so i went to bed late 
@nickjonas as if you're back in america already  you were so good last night!
@ohmyitskristen omg I feel terrible I fell asleep! And I wanted to go get it so bad  did you get it last night?!?
My brother busted my lip last night  But it's better now 
last playdate of the summer with soulmate+her twins  then spending the night and hopefully tomorrow with my sisters&lt;3
I just had a night mare bout chunk's special ed friend from the goonie's was spending the night and he kept chasing me 
 something I ate last night was NOT good....
@lostpanda @fictionfiction I had a dream last night that I won endsession tickets.  miss you two. And your awesome state.
is tired....have to pack up my stuff this evening  don't want!!!
damn ive been attempting to edit all night. i need to get a firewire. i lost minee 
(inspector gadget) is in my head.  anyways, night kids.
@brokenp1xel ps. id go to that club the opening night, but its my friends 18th at seven hills... so I won't be able to go 
@thekin awe guys   we had fun last night!!!! have a safe trip!
Last night in, i will miss everyone, all my sweet babes 
Another night of tossing-n-turning &amp; bad dreams      -glad its time to  get up!!
@nullkru i'm still not working, coughed all night long, feeling like shit. 
@NewerDeal stayed up all night fucking with I tunes now im sleepy at work and my phone is being a slut 
Watching camp rock, on gotta find you, when joe sang this last night, he sounded so beautiful 
@jeremyteocx yeah there are so many coming up around the area. S.H.E is performing the night I am leaving  hopefully will see them arnd.
@kalmarmar I couldn't sleep last night either chica...having really bad migrane right now 
@ellielouisefay LOL the conversation was interesting. I dreamed about them last night. And I have a scar too 
barely slept at all last night thanks to this random cut on my neck last night.  i wish i had a band aid.  
@Sazramsay ah ok. i think sadly i am working at night time  but i shall see what i can do.
good night all. I am sleeping early tonight. If not I will free so tired like today .. And i can't go for a jog  sleep tight !!
My internet crashed last night 
The neighbors were setting off fireworks last night. It took me half an hour to get the dog out from under the bed, he was so scared 
@gatewaygroupie I wasn't avoiding  you, I wanted to have pancakes last night, just saw post too late 
Allergies are really messing with my eyes last night and today. One of them is red and swollen... I think I look like I'm on drugs 
thinks the hot tub last night made her sick 
I know I should go running, do some sit ups and what not... but I couldn't sleep last night and I can't seem to drag myself out of bed. 
@rosatti bummer your internet wasn't cooperating last night 
@BrownTink unfortunately mine isn't  still got night class but thank god its mgg!!
@ey3_candy u left me last night 
86 mix98.5's aerosmith appearance...so much for a fun tuesday night 
@MATTHARDYBRAND matty, i am so glad you are now home! i went to the show last night and thought you should have lasted longer in the ring 
forgot to wear my retainers last night 
I'm worried about my dog.  She seems kind of off lately. And she's not sleeping at night as much.
@127RoseAvenue- my boyfriend and I won tickets for the late night jimmy fallon but we were not able to come to the show. 
Getting ready to go to work!  Another long night ahead of mee 
tonight is my last night teaching my dance classes 
bloody @natalie_1990 has just ruined my night!! 
uhhhhhhh worked all day.. goingg into teach dance for the night..stressed to the max 
rolled my ankle at the gym  relaxing for the rest of the night!!!
what do you do when your ex almost committed suicide the night you broke up with him? 
@VioletsCRUK no wonder I would be too  shall txt u tomoz I'm off to bed night night #twitterpuss xxx
Last night I came to the sad realization that I can't have fun when I'm sober 
Not sleeping  hopefully soon. night everyone
I think we are going to end up with their friend AND his two brothers tomorrow night.  
everything seems to close and go quiet at night  how depressing
@greggillilan i'm not happy with the possiblity of cody staying with you sunday night. i don't think i'll be able to sleep alone 
my cousin toby died last night  i dont think i can handle anymore dieing this year 
just got back from filming at the track. so.much.footage. and now i'm gonna be bored for the rest of the night 
ah fuck staying up. i'm wayyy too tired for that shit.  night night tweeters.xxxx
Home bout to lock in on these books serious test 2morrow night ugh! 
  I didn't win tatts last night. LOL.    I had so many plants. haha.
@ohdonnajean i didn't get to go last night  but apparently girls were dancing topless on the bar with a topless @Schmurda
I think i got swine flu at the rally sunday night 
No more wednesday night fun  bummer major!
@mrblack I fortunately didn't lose anything in the crater  though I'm losing sleep as they work on filling it day and night 
@FearlessIsMe03 aren't u having a movie night??!! That I was totally not invited to by the way 
@trvsbrkr good night travis 
@onlyasinger hey girl sorry i couldn't go to your sleepover i got this weird cold thingy and i was at home all night yesterday and today 
@MervLukeba I actually just turned 20 last night  I'm so old i'm like halfway dead. haha
@trenni u have a driver  i wanna driver. anywoo, u must've been happy with last night's ballgame results.
Studyin calculus prob all night  ughhhhhhhhh
layin down for the evening...I miss my honey 
Another long night drawing and making comp. graphics 
sooo tireddd! me go nuh-nights noww! muma was sick 2nite so I played nurse for her. she had 2 go to nite shift-poor mum 
:O no more study timeeeeeeeee please!!!!!!!!!!! sigh. but i must stay up all night. 
@jennydoh ...when all the craft stores are closed for the night. 
I need a girlz night out........miss my bay area besties 
me &amp;&amp; my finace r going nighty night. both have to get up early for work in the mornin  o well at least it pays the bils
Even at 10 o'clock at night it's too hot to walk my dogs. 
You would think that it was impossible to miss the woman you sleep next to every night, but somehow I do....... 
Why am i only comfortable when im sitting up? I dont want another sleepless night 
Just got eaten alive by misquitos during manhunt. liz's last night here 
Another lonely night....i wish i had someone to cuddle up with 
The babys having a rough night 
Oh god, I'm still wide awake. I don't think I'll sleep today. Its friday night's fault, it buggered up my sleeping routine! 
I've been acting like a complete dunce all night. 
I miss having long phone chats on quiet nights like tonight, but I've got no one to call  feeling sorry for myself...lol
@numberonejedi when he's shy about flying off the matterhorn for like the eight millionth night in a row 
is going to bed. I feel super bad  night cuties.
missed #asiadigial last night  can anyone update me pls?
doesn't have anyone she would spend her last night on earth with 
good night twitters... heading to nyc to buy stuff for my project 
good night twitters... heading to nyc to buy stuff for my project 
@FreakFlagFlyer hear ya. Last night just as I wanted to go to bed, my youngest had to wake up and party, didn't get to bed until after 2 
@capnsmak that sux and so late at night too  call me if u hv time for drinks or din i should be done around 7pm. good luck getting to la!
 .bueno good bye. good night
So twitter went down last night and I missed it 
Nothing is on late night tv 
Leaving parents house, no dancing tonight, no crazy ass party, and no plans  ......but the night is still early
my kitten might not make it  staying up all night taking care of him. he's so small.
my head hurts so bad  calling it a night even earlier than i did last night.
waiting to get in the shower :/ feel so tired today. didn't have the early night I planned 
eek!!! practically a whole day without tweeting..  oh well... will definatly make up for it tomorrow.. night night peeps
Hates sainsburys, and night shifts, and getting crap for not doing overtime I wasn't even asked to do. I don't want to go back 
@omgitsafox It's always insomnia night for me, sweetheart 
Feels so pathetic. I actually stayed up all night, waiting for you to call me back. 
@SoMOMMy_SoWIFEy I know  my tummy was upset all night so I couldn't sleep then when I finally closed my ojitos jr woke up 
another late night. sigh whatever. 
@joshgroban oh i tried so hard to get tickets to the bowl friday night but i cant afford it   hopefully another time!
lol I'm so sad that I can't spend my whole night on P.E, what a shame 
ahh to sleep, perchance to dream?! good night cruel world. good night cruel P. and still I love you?! sighhhhh 
ahh to sleep, perchance to dream?! good night cruel world. good night cruel P. and yet still I love you?! sighhhhh 
So looks like another night of no sleep for me. 
Still pondering on whether blowing 500 smackeroos on a new iPhone 3gs is sensible or not, esp given that the oven blew up last night 
I had a good night with my love. I wish it never ended  I can't wait to see her again...I look forward to it.
Another one of those nights where I just don't feel like sleeping. But I must. Work tomorrow. 
Just woke up &amp; had a night mare  oh mann it happened twice.
extremely tired after rubbish night's sleep, lots of physical labour yesterday, have to stay upright for 3 hrs of @sheensharing webinar 
my girlfriend has to work all night... so I am up late...I can't sleep when she's not here 
In the common room on my own  rofling at felixs river rapids bit in day and night. They weren't amused in the slightest :p
nooooooo! morning comes too quickly when you cant sleep at night!! 
I'm sooooo fuckin pissed...I had a horrible night 
@CTHERockStar nice....I never sleep..this is crazy lol..I don't get tired til 6 or 7am  like errrry night lol
i feel really bad ....left my dog outside all night from 1:30 to 5:00 am......shit my bad 
hey everybody, im at club bed 2night... thought that i could meet paris there but she will not be there... too sad 
i cannot believe shakesomeaction returns properly the night before i get my tonsils outttt, no fair 
@hokied88, she had cancer for a while now, but was doing ok, then last night just went into cardiac arrest. nothing they could do 
@rockergirrl D'oh!  I'm sorry, I put the video together late last night, I apologize for the mistake 
i got no sleep last night and i feel like shit fakjhgdfgh great day! 
@emweir I burnt the caramel  I might make it tmr night instead..
Home from a very long night.. Not doing too good either.. 
@stephanicupcake I found out last night you could gift tractors, I just about dropped everything and raced over... but I was a good girl 
Man, couldn't sleep much last night with all the coughing. 
What I wouldn't give me to be able to sleep as deeply as my boyfriend so the cat wouldn't keep me awake all night 
ehh don't wanna be awake rite now..  crazy night last night 
tired. stayed up too late last night: 10pm.  but it was fun. wine &amp; crackers &amp; piroline on the porch, lots of talking &amp; laughing.
soooo sleepy.  no more late-night lips of faith &amp; cowboy queso for me! I want my bed!
@andrewtc04 jebus dude... you better be wearing a helmet. If not I will bring you one this evening. That is soo scary 
@ohayitsamanda awww I'm sure you will have ODDLES of fun!! I'm sad we didn't do our movie night last night  We MUST as soon as I get home!
Just as my nose piercing starts healing nicely - I half rip it out in the night. OUCHIESSS 
drinking a lots of water. i don't wanna juce or coke. pfft. i'm tired. i couldn't sleep last night 
I didn't sleep a wink last night  I feel dreadful...bleh...
I slept like crap last night 
wow. i knocked out around 11 last night and i just woke up. its still so early! and damn, i'm hella soooooooree!! 
just got back from lukes. havent slept all night but i cant sleep 
@honeylove21 lucky u!! I get off @ freakin 930 2night 
@LovelyLady no, i hate halloween. i wanted the music to play forever, but once he busted that out, i was ready to leave. ruined my night 
@JediNewsie ...last night someone said I should sell her 
Ughhh, just woke up, I slept on one side all night and now my shoulder is killing me, and my phone got wet and the speaker broke 
@jaleesie no...unforutnately not...i'm here tired as hell...i slept soo bad last night 
Workkk heree I come  I barely remember shit from the club last night 
@nise954 I didn't do nothing last night I fell asleep.. I'm such an old women.. Lol 
got dumped yesterday night. Now i cant use the line &quot;my boyfriend will fuck you up&quot;   shame
#haveyouever wished 4 something so bad u thought u had it in the bag....I didn't win the lotto last night 
needs to learn to make decisions w/o her television...I feel so mindless when that's all I do all night, and it often is 
Also, I just realized last night how flirtatous I am at work. Woops. I WAS the only girl there last night 
...I took sleeping pills last night and I'm still all drowsy from 'em 
What a rough night my baby has a fever 
another boring evening. 
@shosko I know! I can't wait. I'm going cazy. I woke up in the middle of the night to download the 3.0 software, but it wasn't available. 
@suki  Bummed that I didn't get to meet you last night ( We MUST next opportunity!!
I had the scariest fuckin dream last night 
Eating Nerds in bed last night seemed harmless enough until I woke up with nerds stuck to one of my legs 
All by myslef 2night 
@cathch lonely sleepless night here in sydney 
@ElaineGiles not happened for me yet, ill give it an hour then phone o2 up and find out whats going on, not my night so far 
@NickiePhilbin I have spent sleepless night planning fruit tart... and now .. almost one week before comp. it's a whole other ball game 
is having a bit of a sad night.  i want september now please.
last night in london  enjoying at night out in paris aka SHOPPINGGG! &lt;3333 ~*~*~love and kisses~*~*~
 having a badass stomachache... Going to bed, nighty night.
@jackfaulkner LOL FAIL (I am working in the evening  )
@flyingbolt yeah i'll keep at it. so much for my early night 
@KeypornoDaSaint Ugh. I hate the feeling  my day kinda just got worst, but hopfully the night brings somethig better.
dinner with the gang.. matt's last night 
back from a sexy night with sexy people. ergh doctors early tomorrow 
b.e.a.u.tiful night for run... wishing @jgrenell11 could come with me. 
Another late night this time researching dissertation topics. Don't think i'll have one for friday 
workin hard for a livin and studying hard at nite  -- good night to all and all a good night
ignore my last tweet. tonight is going to be another night spend in my bed. alone. 
Ahhh...finally relaxing. Really really long day and oh so sore from workout last night. 
beware: an innocent looking coding update can drag you into the middle of the night. 
@iamcool388 None so far... but either way it's not helping me feel safe at night 
Normally i love the sound of the docks at night, tonight too noisy 
@Masteroonie oh i know! uuggghhhh i missed out last night but i had nothing to wear!!!!  the mall is callin my name!
I just had a great night with my friends.I'm barely awake but I'm so going to miss some of them 'till Sept 
 bummer. .. what happened to wednesday nights??
Missing out on fire fighter appreciation night at dodger stadium  so so sad
here goes the 3 segments on pot for the evening! 
beautiful night warm but the flies are bad 
so lonley  desperatly needs someone to spend the night
@KenzieeeLynn  sorry...looks like were both having a sucky night
good night all... no packing done tonight... i'll try to wake up early... had another reminder of why im gettin outta here 
has tummy ache,probably because i ate too much kimchi last night 
Is a little frustrrated because she can't find her dark denim bermuta shorts. I want to wear them to family fun night 
sleep would probably occur if a neighbor didn't play bass music every night till midnight. 
With my loves minus @jkarpp815  but enjoying the first night of summer none the less.
I'm only allowed two episodes of trueblood per night.  reading in bed.
will &amp; grace puts me to sleep at night. not coz it's boring. bc it's comforting. i miss my will.  taking applications for a new one.
PEACE going to bed like  i said like 5 seconds ago  so sore  and tired and ily  ash =&lt;3 good night people
my ideal night tonight would be take-out &amp; watch urban cowboy on the couch, w/cole but my night will be take out-duo-sleep alone  hate wed
@kakandyce ehh haha dude it's be cool if u could stay the night tonight but my moms husband probly won't let you  I have to stay home tom.
@denisu81 hey there! sorry i keep missin the parties bt im always so drained on the night of the event  girl rehearsin 4 the damita gig
my sauce is weak. exhausted by midnight, up again at 8. what happened to rising to the noontime sun? plus, no more late night creativity 
help! im addicted to taking disco naps &amp; they're making it ridiculously difficult for me to sleep later at night 
didnt get to see my hero!  but got to see my jessse, so my night worked out better.
@felixexplody i haven't popped mine either - it was closed last night when i went! 
going to sleep  night twitter peoplee
@augusthollyday have fun at the john legend concert 2mrw night!! I wish i could go 
@rxtheride thank you gelli. i was just really frustrated with things last night.  thanks you tho! &lt;3
@pinkpusycat11 girl, you're funny...the event is tonight but your off the hook because I went out last night and ended up with injuries. 
@OhDearRyan hey good night best friend 
is bout to call it a night and cuddle w/ my teddy bears cause they're so loyal...sad but tis true 
true blood characters, you are really hot.  tea, you make the night so much better! except for so much piss... 
last night at three palms with the whole crew 
it's hot. i'm tired. forget snugs  good night! zzzzzzzzzz
spending my night catching up with the dancers 
@massola so how was the ball? did you dance all night? must have been slightly lonely without your fair lady though @pintadoguy 
i'm &quot;jakesick&quot; (ie. homesick for jake) and he lost his phone... no good night tonight?  
Signing off for the night because I'm tired and I have a headache from all the crying I've been doing tonight 
@peijinc yeah, I realized boxing cat closed last night  will try again in a few days
@profetacinque i keep getting raped by night elves  fuck pvp servers
how boring every1 going to sleep  i thought all the freak cum out @ night  guess its just me then
painful memories back yesterday night. dint sleep well 
Last night I had been asleep 2 hrs by this point of the night  I'm gonna drag my tail upstairs &amp; go to bed. Hopefully I fall right out
@wordman1994  sorry to hear that. sounds like me the other night. hope u have a better 2morrow!
Still awake!  I hate being up at this time of night...i keep hearing scary sounds and i'm hungry.  
*pout* looks like another lonely night.  why can't guys just get the balls to provoke me?
pissed that photobucket isn't working  whatever. going to bed. good night
why am i such an insomniac can someone please explain...... ugh broke my no Asian rule last night. 
@toddlat is playing in ldn on the same night as ed banger 
@karenbrand right!!! from the look of your twitter feed... it appears you and mum went out for dinner last night!!!! not fair!! 
wont be able to eat dinner with the family because of my late night sked  haaaaay. oh well...
oh i just recalled: in my dream last night i was pushing this girl and then i actually pushed my macbook off my bed to the hardwood floor 
@osch chcolates confirmed, not the usual brand though ;-) arriving bahnhof 15:15, staying the night, no late train back 
630 came way too soon after shots of tequila  last night
ugh... just got outta the hospital... painful night 
I'm mad I'm up this early. I feel asleep last night w/ my clothes on 
Few things annoy me more than waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to go back to sleep. 
Thanks to everyone who made it last night! About to drive mama to the airport 
scary dreams last night  going to see the hangover tonight with some loser!
well last night started good then just ended bad..fml i'm ridic! 
Revising is so boring and I haven't started yet, bar writing 'p4' on the page. And I hate not being able to sleep at night 
I am up way too early - I didn't sleep a wink last night 
stormed like a b*tch here last night, tornado season is apon us 
i drank 3 monsters close together last night, now i feel sick  goin to bed now
sad the stros lost last night. sigh. 
14:21 and I've just woke up  I hate that !! But ifs all with it for that great oasis show last night.
14:21 and I've just woke up  I hate that !! But ifs all with it for that great oasis show last night. http://tinyurl.com/mrkz4f
I should have gone out drinking with the boy last night 
@ricgreenwood told you I would get into twitter!! Where is my family at the moment not seen or heard from anybody  off to bed night night
up waiting for breakfast to be done... had an awesome service last night... so sad that i wont be there tonight 
@KirkusTAT mornin'! I didn't sleep at all last night either. But sadly, it wasn't because I did something awesome. I just couldn't sleep 
ugh i lost/misplaced my balenciaga wallet last night wtf. i hope i find everything 
I dreamed about shiny pokemon last night. This was probably a horrible idea to start going after shinys, I'm already jonesing for more 
@galoshes I did, I've just failed to reply to it.  I'll toss an email back soon, I promise, but spoiler alert: that night should be good!
cant sleeeeeeeep and has a nasty spot  need early night and nutrientsss
@smuggling boo i'm sorry  it's goood! went again last night, i don't really believe in the spiritual side of it, but it's a good workout
last night in lismore  wishing the guys were here to make it less boring
Eyes puffy from make up being left on last night is sad 
I got food poisoning last night and have been up all night...now off to work and then to pick up the fam!  I wish I felt better 
@peediizpiff hit me up when u get up I feel bad 4 waking u up last night 
@mattnistler that's a huge bummer you couldn't go last night 
@Cheeg she's really into it. I bought it her last night and she's not stop playing it all day. I think she likes the virtual me better 
just found out one of the horses at the barn died last night....poor guy was only 8 
misses the dark starry night in isla gigantes.  http://plurk.com/p/11yepp
Only a few more hours in nyc...sad times!!!  had a fun night and photo shoot with nick last night!
@funkydoolah oh dear..u should get an early night! i'm fine.. just gettin ready for another shift 
I have to go to the doctor today, but I don't wanna get up and shower and pretend to not feel like I drank too much last night. 
I am going to miss tonight knitting club   for I need to visit my aunt this evening
Doing things around the house...long night at work last night. 
@ltlockz @lilone218 yea but we lost the game last night 
would rather spend the night squished with four other akhwats on a queen size bed tonight 
@playtimerx931 hi, i have a problem: I can't play every night because it's almost pasukan. what should I do? 
kellys was class last night! such a good spot :-D headin to trainin later  booooooo
having an evening of painful double entry  [in the financial sense naturally...!]
on my dads mini laptop coz my parents took my phone off me  so excited for tomorrow night! Yeeey!
is staying in tonight because its her last night with my mammy for 2 weeks 
frisco....i dont know what i did to deserve that. i cried myself to sleep that night. no joke 
Last night was hell. I think things are better now. But still i'm freaked out. 
Both my necklace and bracelet broke last night 
guess this is going to be yet another tv night..... 
my eyes are killing me ahhhhh! I don't know why but they've been like thise since last night.. 
my mp3 player has suddenly died   this makes me very very sad since I charged it and loaded it with music last night
@farewellnat I want to go to the girl night! 
in for a long night learning statistics! 
I'm so mad at myself for smoking last night.  badddd girl
@BonBonCupcakes  maybe do a night class and meet some people, organize sitter first 
@emikogilbert yesss m'am it's the same line up as the show @ chain but..not 3dt  AND WE ARE! Hopefully, I don't work or work at night
insomnia is killing me. i can't sleep almost all night and i'm tired the whole f***ing day. grrr. 
I had weird zobie dreams last night   I don't even feel rested cause I was running from zombies all night!
@Glenanderson71 I did worse last night  booooo
hoping to actually get some sleep tonight and not be tossing and turning half the damn night 
@simonkirkman I know  u were in my dream the other night... And bam margera... Nothing interesting happened tho 
off to bed feeling sick and tired  night.
so bored! everyone is resting up for grad night 
@nimbee my dog... died last night 
still working on sat night set  so hard! and trying to find the half eaten bar of green &amp; blacks I've left somewher in my tip of a room
wondering if I should just go to bed as I haven't managed to write a single thing all night, stupid writer's block 
Again a boring evening 
sketchy about the idea of doing vocals tomorrow night for @quietsteps .. when my tonsils are flared and gums swolen  .. #giveup
I burned the roof of my mouth on my dinner last night 
i have completely abandoned my late night shows..i feel like a jerk 
urg... i hate that I ain't tired late at night when I should be tired. :s so bored too 
@tacotourusa Aw yay that would be wonderfulll, I'm only free days tho  I work at 5 or so every night fri-sun.
It's night and it's dark and cold waiting to pick my sisters up.. I'm scared 
On my way to goody glovers with the @tugglesharks for sarahs last night in the bean 
@scottk75 mia is apparently in italy, she wasn't there last night.   #sytycd
@happylovesChuck I'll explain later... The reason for the interesting night is next to me. I'm sorry you didn't sleep well.  nap later?
@IamSpectacular u made me soo sad last night wit dat short freaky hour 
@justineungaro ya I started season 3 sun evening and was too tired to finish- only got to episode 3!!!! 
had a great night with everyone but is really sad you're leaving so soon 
Completely forgot about praise band :/ i feel reallllly bad. It was my first night too  im an idiot.
 It looks like both my girls are bailing on the movie night  http://plurk.com/p/120n2f
Not having a good night  overslept my nap &amp; was late getting to work.
An overwhelming evening. Feels like a rinse and repeat of last night. 
@lvbosworth and I think a night swim at uncle j's sounds pretty much amazing right about now!!! 
@stevelookado no we aren't watching it, and no we didn't watch arkansas last night 
last night in btownn  lets get rowdyyy
And its lunch time.... and i really miss my bub right now  I haven't heard from him since last night
Jst finished bathing the kid and enjoying the jungle book!!! What a night 
damien rice+fever+van=rough night 
@p00ka Unfortunately it is going to be one of those nights where the storms wake me up in the middle of the night 
how the hell did this night start with tania crying to me crying wtf ive fuckin had enough of this 
why isnt there any good late night tv ? 
guess i wont be at the opera tomorrow night 
@sachalnf haha I hate friday nights. Why do people buy books up to midnight  yummm I want pancakes!
had a good night, but it still doesnt trump last night.  i miss you like crazy. i'm glad you're having fun, but come back home 
@JunePlumm I got wrk @ the crack 2mrrow..I had to cut my night short cause of it 
Anyone in az wants to let me crash in their room for a night? 
Heading homee had an awesome night with my baby missing u already 
Up all night because I just cannot sleep....  grrrrr!!!!! 
About 2 call it a night or a mornng have 2 get up in 5 hrs 
you know its late night when girls gone wild comes on 
My last night in nashville! 
good night losers...have to wake up early manana 
@cmarie7 home watching tv  I need a night out. you got me on that gnr shit
YAY! more 48 hour film festival tonite. group E best = emerald, zosia blue, death of a ghost. seems like a smaller crowd than last night 
Snuggling up in bed on this chilly rainy night....alone 
@sweetlilmzmia yes. i have come to that conclusion as well and i did not sleep well last night.  i bow to the inevitable....  
@true_narnianxx  im sorry! night night 
seminar was not bullshit, but was long.  tired now.  and hungry, but it's too late at night to eat. 
going to bed i work tomorrow  nighty night!
its a warm night here in cali. pity that there is no one to share this great night with... emo status  haha
Another sleepless night... my head is thinking too much and the bed is empty  This seems to happen everytime I'm in beirut?
Totally had sex with johnny depp in my dream last night. not what i expected 
 night going to bed early cuz I'm sick
I think im getting old... I used to be able to stay up all night but now i cant 
whoa dude prom night is scaring me. 
@dougoftheabaci already had them :S And overdosed on them last night aswell 
is going to fail his driving test in 3 hours, the big bang theory ended last night 
Last night in hawaii! 
Bad night  lost my wallet arhhh and I was supposed 2 b celebrating
Crying in a public bathroom the night before my wedding b/c my groom says he doesn't have time to drive me to the hotel so I can sleep 
i had a great great night and so did not want it to end 
Congratulations to all the winners at last nights #bigchip11, had a great night but sadly no awards 
@zoshanash miss you zozo  we libertining it up round the kitchen last night...
REALLY tired this morning even though i had an early night last night! and my nose hurts too  urghh feel abit crap xo
@ChanelZampogna gosh  you win. have a good night all the same ;)
Feeling slightly sore after my tumble off the treadmill last night...  need hugs... 
Sounds like I missed a good recruiters network last night.. 
I feel like utter shit  I kinda wish I never got drunk last night (N)
sleeping WITH the night on :| I though I saw something under my desk, ew keep me company. 
@justinmoorhouse- so was it definate no go last night  x
is wishing everyone a very happy midsummer's eve. too bad it's cold and rainy  no midnight swims tonight!
om i have to stay in the bording houes to night.....i wont to go home.......stupid production.....     
is not watching x-men wolverine - not tonite not tomoro night and not until 26th night!  strap on claws are just gonna have to wait.
herman has given up on my late night antics and is now sleeping with my early to bed roomy.  at least I have kitty-fat mischa to cuddle.
@andrewkew no much  being a loser at home on friday night. You?
I think i might have broken my elbow at some point during the night 
had an awesome night last night, now have to go get my car fixed 
thunderstorm + nervous yorkie = sleepless night.  
Why am I still awake?  I get frustrated playing the piano in the dead of night. 
Too much food/wine last night. There's an epic battle taking place in my stomach 
you would not believe the night i had... but i can't tell you about it. doesn't that suck. it truly does 
It stormed like none other last night. I thought we were headed for a tornado it was SO windy. I think the tomatoes didn't make it... 
@schuppette yes the grossness of late night drunk eating 
goodnight peeps.  have a great night..
did more drinking than packing last night- now have to do rest with hangover  Serves me right1
@ftr2k8 You don't understand, he compares your trophies every night. And every night he has a big sad face when you're ahead 
feeling slightly depressed now at the prospect of a friday night with no alcohol and no excitement  workin tomorrow though!
Starving.  Last thing I ate was a passion fruit at 7 pm last night....And I can't eat until 10:20... 
@stuartpturner heading back down to leicester, another fun night of packing ahead 
bathing.... n hopefully singing lol... woah y do i always get nose block at night? might be the weather .... 
They say u eat 8 spiders a year in ur sleep... I think I ate 1 last night 
@Roshyyy i neeeeeds my bestfriends more  i miss you. i cant see u till monday though  im having dinner with my aunty tomorrow night
peeled potatoes and part of my finger off last night  eww
@courtneyreece   what happened? It sounds to me like there needs to be a maragrita night tonight for the ladies...
and it's really flippin' humid too, which isn't helping matters. between the storm and my bladder, I didn't sleep worth poo last night. 
still recovering from my over-yogaing last night.  back is knotted up tight.  never thought that relaxation could cause injury 
@swayswaystacey mhm my skin, haahha  rrrgghhh night xo
My dog of 13 years passed away last night. R.I.P. 
im up....had stomach pains in the middle of the night...i dont know what that was all about 
@p1eacemaker I normally sleep just fine through storms...not last night though 
SO HOTTTT outside,, errands then work all night.. boo 
storms seemed to have passed by last night without too much fuss. Peonies look like they've been trampled by an elephant though. 
slept really bad last night  in need of some coffee asap!
@victorvitug where did you guys ate last night? sorry wasnt able to text back asap, was super busy with the meeting. 
so happy I survived the crazy thunderstorms last night 
just home from @subclubloyal we had a wee party last night, and he attempted at mixing  missed out on those donuts this morning though 
at least now mosso confirms the issue is a result of their maintenance last night - and now im told they expect to fix it by tonight 
Still tired because a combination of thunder &amp; bad dreams kept me up allll night 
@konobi But they're still on stupid Thursdays, the night that everyone organizes events on 
@MHSimmons missed u last night bro 
@alexaba: are you busy today?? i want to do something.. and i'm sorry that i didn't respond last night...i was a sleepy girl. 
i want to go to the movie night so badly but my cramps are killing me 
i am saying bye to my hubby who is going for a night out, lonely night in for me 
i haven't sleeeeeep!!! last nigth i couldn't dunno why when i was abot to sleep my alarm rang :@ 
I think last night was one of the best nights sleep ive gotten in a loong time! That tells you how rarely I sleep well... 
cold  hotel babylon starts 2 night  n corrie n eastenders
doesnt know where to rave tonight  but jam night on sunday will be ace! x
@secretcristina @jessbrandi that sounds like an awesome show but i am not going to be able to make it sunday night. 
woke up at 9am! craziness i tell ya! watev last night was a good night besodes my cwll flyin across the backyard 
all fucking week I couldn't really sleep.. makes a big difference when you are only looking at 4 hrs max a night  showering and back at it
@cynthiajovan  I did that last night!! Its such a chore 
finally up...good times last night...one more wknd left at aqua 
@RoyanThaBeatbox yurp ill be bak tomo night, it appears im leal now 
@mckin lol. i have to make plans with my sister for tonight. since i don't get you till MAYBE sunday night 
Wants to go out somewhere with mates tonight as im bored of always being in at night on weekends  doubt anyone would wana go anywhere
@suplisa omg i went hunting in asda for it last night i had a real need to watch it! they didnt have it though 
is revising for biology B1b retake    what a brilliant friday night :L
if you are not here ... I would just be a sad cold and starless night 
At work on a rainy crummy friday night 
@DOWNWITHWEBSTER amazing show last night guys! too bad it couldn't've been longer 
When saving for holidays, there's no friday night like a &quot;hotcrossbun-cider-xbox-and-ciggy&quot; night.  Is there? 
@scigirl543 aww, honey  I told you to stop talking last night, why didn't you listen to me?
@DonnieWahlberg ok so my bro and u were hanging in the players lounge at mohegan last night and he didnt even call me  i was mad at him!
@DizzyDmoney1 Awww. I feel really bad for leavin you hangin lasss night 
I have had a really nice evening to myself tonight I Have missed the fella though 
arghh!!! last night was amazing meet ruby rose!! such a nice person!  now im off to do a for hour exam 
Jess' last night in europe! Waaahhhh 
Night night guys glas @NickyLovesMcFly had a fab night at mcfly wish i couldve gone 
This night will never end, only on the fourth rubbish band  one more to go on at midnight Buffalofail   hope the club finishes early!
Last night of vbs    I'm sad, but it'll be fun!
dinner at dick's... last night of beach week 
had a sad moment to myself last night, i really miss my old best friend 
@micahspieler  i can't believe nobody wants to go to the offspring with you on their friday night. are they crazy?
just knows it's insomnia night tonight cos I got hospital in the morning and the stress keeps me awake 
My favorite peeps all coming over for movie night. Only missing @jalvarado23 
hates this empty bed! but must sleep in it anyway  aha. night!
@Its_SiAN haha yea. the premeire for the movie was in toronto last night, i wanted to go but i had finals 
@emokidisme  hope ya have a great night chick
Not going to 311 ne more  but on an adventure to a headshop then to the beach 4 a late night session that should trun my frown upsidedown
is having a lazy nite in, hvnt spent an evening at home in like a week 
this rain is not letting up at all  looks like its going to be a blockbustr night.
Leaving san diego   I wanted to stay the night
Anyone wants to keep me company tomorrow, while I'm babysitting? I don't want to sit all night by myself in some 'strangers' house! 
@JustDarline I'm at the hairdresser right now and just got started so most of my night will be right here 
@prepsexpot69 omg, I never get my @ messages like ever. I was having an awful night 
#dontyouhate when it's a rainy night and u don't have anyone to cuddle next too 
I will be  gone  for  awhile ,  my computer  got fried the  other night  in storm.useing  a friends now. 
Huge storm, no computer for the rest of the night 
http://twitpic.com/7v01g - 102 fever makes for a fun friday night 
@ginny9577 i only sleep a couple hours a night, for me 3-4 is a good night  im usually ok unless the weather is like this.
What is everyone doing this eve.? Looks like im in for the night 
@robotwithdog @minxsy I will be busy lying in the fetal position for the rest of the night .... 
Last night, was crying for my kitty who passed away 
Fireworks every friday night in coney island. I missed this years debut. 
i went ice-skating last night and fell on my butt and ii'm still sore 
i just realized that it's a summer friday night. and i'm not doing anything!  
i had a dream about kristen bell last night. and it wasn't a good one. 
@ambercrazyass sorry we couldn't make it last night 
Is at cafe madrid at open mic night.. I was gonna take pix, but I'm not feeling the atmosphere..or the fungshway.. Lol  
Wow what a great week except 4 the unexpected 3rd party breakup today, wtf?  oh well night night twitterers, got a long wknd
@st_richard @cagirl293031 I too missed pizza night  Toopid hospital.
too bad i cant got ot ninja night at the studio  bumming it
is lonely  doing homework after a long night of work on a saturday night. just living the life
finals: done. now must wait for grades... amazingly fun night. feet hurt from heels  exhausted. need rest for a full day of packing. night
Last night w/ the boys in costa, so sad  what a bad ass surf trip it has been.
night night twitterland &lt;3 last day with my cousin, makes me all sad 
We own the night, by my lonesome 
going to bed. i got my hope p enough for one night. 
I'm not going to be able to sleep until I get a good night from my boyfriend. 
My last night in cali                                           #beatfreaks                 #KOVASisthefuture
welll,  good night. i absolutely cannot waiiit to see my fam tmr!!!!!!!
in julesburg, co...staying for the night. i hit a mouse on the road... 
okay maybe won't club 2night... might get worse  what to do???
iight tweets i gtg and hit the hay  good night
Shit its tommorrow! another night of less than 4 hours of sleep 
mell just went home.  another boring night, all by my lonesome. 
working all night  gay cunts
Dodgers lose, ruined my whole night 
i have a headace  going to take somthing and it the hay!! night!!
not feelin so great - its likehalf six or something.. went too far last night 
slept all day cause of a migrain now im gna be up all night  
going 2 bed, hubbys having guys night, sucky 
I may not be able to in on anymore late night interweb extetaganzas 
@ddlovato @mileycyrus @taylorswift13 music gets me through the day. or shall i say night. can't sleep. 
This night out was a bad idea 
@kazitoshi last night someone made me angry, and it hasn't gone away 
@kazitoshi last night someone made me angry, and it hasn't gone away.  and walau, i never stalk you! lol. ;)
Is there some kind of sleep fairy I can contact to help me sleep at night? I have to be up in 5 hours 
sad that i missed the eating contest at nomnom last night  i shouldn't have checked the photos huhuhu
Why do I do this to myself? I need a decent sleep at least one night a week, but I am going to be up at 9 to go to a wedding 
Just checked under pillow... No night time visitors  and I believed!!!!
@crux What about the rest of us? No good night to us? 
It is a swine when your boy is up all night with a cough 
Home after a drunken night out partying!   I hope I don't have a hangover!
Rough night, puling an all nighter we my nephew at childrens after fracturing his arm playing chase with my boys 
this night just went from bad...to wayyy worse  cried at another party...that's like the 4th in a row
plans failed tonight  damn you jaecob! Haha night night
I don't wanna sleep alone  someone spend the night.
spent the night with drunks at ihop. too bad i didn't drink. 
good night last night, feel a bit sick this morning though  spain later, adios twitter for two weeks  xxx
my red trenchcoat got nicked last night when i was out. i loved that coat. now i am sad  and i am gonna go on about it all day
my stickam keeps freezing.    i give up. night guys. &lt;3
@riandawson aww  trust me, we'll have more late night stickam chats that you'll definitely be invited to 
not a wink of sleep last night...my ribs are acheing 
@briaaaar that lie thing just happened to me on friday night  hate it aswell
Still got puffy huge eyelids after getting upset about being abandoned by my family last night. I haven't done anything to upset them 
@egrdigital took a very un-clutch nap after the dodger loss...  killed my night.
My night turned into a big womp womp  I hope all y'all had fun..
ugh i hardly slept last night  now its been 2 nights ive hardly slept and i feel like im dead
... still reading- outlining- smoking. mostly edifying night, with only a few interruptions of paranoia. going for walk now, cheers.  
@skipsonrecord aah  is this your third night out?
disastrous night last night.wish i could be at the @mcflymusic gig tonight but oh no i have to be onstage! earache hurts 
is up feeling like death adn wondering why as she only had 2 soft drinks last night  blood shot eyes too not good 
getting ready to go to bed..my last night that i talked to my boyfriend before he heads out to bootcamp sunday.. 
@Kikirowr aww  I was out like a light last night, must have needed it &gt;_&gt;
jo-jo's hurt his paw last night so someone has to stay with him all day 
at home saturday night fiending to go to the afterball and town but broke  ahhhhh...
I woke up through the night after having a scary dream and my dog wasn't there to comfort me so I felt sad. 
is going to the hairdresser and hopes it will make her feel better..Nedds it after last night... 
note to future self:never watch movie at sency at saturday evening.abg attack!niy abg sebelah pacaran ribut bgt.annoying 
Right that's it from me til she wakes me @ midnight &amp; 3am  night nite all
At the bar, doing a function, it's going to be a long night 
had more nightmares last night about the same thing as usual and is still feeling pretty shit about it all 
@carronrebekah my night was completely devoid of lips. At least lips intended for me.  You were barely alive the last time they were haha
@DamienCripps i will not be able to make it this week     have an awesome night. lots of love xoxo
sitting at home all alone on a saturday night nursing a dirty hang over 
needs sleep  hahahaaa gosh I'm so sore all over from last night 
@dontforgetchaos Yes, from last night! They are no longer my friend!  LOL
@chrisssyk yeah my teeth are killing me  how's your night?
What a shitty night! Where was my beautiful tattooed boy?? 
nearly won the lottery last night, i only needed 5 numbers 
my sister looked so beautiful last night. her first senior dance. i feel so old 
Ghis was a great night yesterday  I'll miss my freaks  &lt;3
This was a great night yesterday  I'll miss my freaks  &lt;3
The techno party that took place below my room last night completely destroyed my sleep. 
prom is overr  so tired though. so bed until like noon or 1. then grad parties and staying up late again. night all. pics may be up later
@LyndsTheSmurf I know, I was missing hearing her last night  I'll try to be around a lot to keep you company though 
Last night was the most amazing show. A part of me felt like it was a good-bye 
The girls night out with @ttanyax juste finished 
damn my atention span is shite and i only had one beer last night  there must be some correlation there
has just got in from her night out!! work tommorow  xx
waiting is the worst thing someone can do on a saturday evening.. 
ha good partty last night!! pool today! then work  then party again!
@liveloverockouT hahahha nothing....so tired. what did you do last night after ruby left? sorry i didnt say bye!  i followed her out
@sky_at_night Aww man thaty so suxs sis that we missed eachother 
dreamers was great last night, lost my iphone though 
pretty impressed that i grew some balls last night and finally talked to him ... after all this time why do i still get butterflies 
I'm looking forward to a fun night with the PCETers, last time  xx
@itsmelchor &amp; @christineemarie were tweeting like crazy when i was trying to sleep last night 
i have a fever!!!!!!!! last night i was at 103.4 this sucks!!!!!!!!! 
Morning...I missed him last night, I used to not miss anything with old one! This sucks...sadness for all the day long 
@sky_at_night thanks sis =D good to be back too bad your boss is too  talk to you later =D
off to sleep....stayed in tonight. feel as though i wasted my first sat night off without having to wake up early in the morn. 
the prom last night was so awesome!!! I would miss all the people... 
Ugh...late late night. And evn earlier morning.  I'm gettin too old for this. Lol...
jaydee is at home on a saturday night 
Another late night-- sleepy as hell! 
@OZShaneO my comp died so I don't think I'll be in there  but I tweet all day and night about absolutely nothing
last night was epic &amp; weird &amp; I lost my 250 dollar glasses. shit 
has SUCH a great night at grad. ugh...i'm gunna be so tired today for rehearsal... 
missing my boyfriend soo..why he isn't call me this night 
out drank and out pokered @tupaz last night. Now? foggy with spinning head. you win buddy 
@looseitall - ahh i know what you mean about being forced to eat, i've got family dinners every night  sounds like you're doing good tho!
is so glad i couldnt get the tattoo done yesterday.. and that i dumped him.. tonight will be a good night.. i hope my toothache goes away 
still feel exhausted. but i cleane up my room now i feel way better :3 // going to a party 2night but im really tired 
sounds like a man. back on meds and tea  ... but had fun last night! 
Staying @ home on saturday night.... 
the lightning last night was wicked.... but not in a good way. kept me up until 3 
ughh. bloody disoc 2night? what do i wear? i ain't in the mood. 
Last night it really hit me that I am a horrible friend.... what happened?? I used to be &quot;most likely to brighten your day&quot; 
@whitneywinter I lost a bunch of cash somehow last night  i didnt get out till 115 last night so thats why i never called. did u have fun?
@inell yeah, I died last night  I didn't even turn on my computer, so you know I was tired
at work  last night was fun! drunk and swimming in my underwear.
Morning everyone, it rained last night wtf!! I just washed the car too. 
carnival last night was funderful.. even though it was missing someone. 
@nihonmama  just woke up a few mins ago.  I can't tell yet, ofc govt is fighting back - not going 2 b easy.  tough night ahead. 
@Amandaalmondjoy had a wierd dream about the concert last night. i never quite made it to the performance.. 
i missed my marshmallow .. he came over last night dumm latee , left at 2 gavve me a night night kiss cus i wus tiredd  lols
@ddlovato had one of those the other night. it was about my boyfriend finally coming to see me...then when i woke up he broke up with me. 
mornin' all... I am getting a late start!! I hate tossing &amp; turnning all night, don't get much sleep that way!  - http://bkite.com/08I4W
@emilyryandavis i know --- i'm sleeping in the car the first night since i haven't sealed the tent 
@IamVal yuck   i chipped my front tooth last night!!  *freaked*
@missriss518 He's not allowed to be an asshole on date night! 
just let the maid into my house, still sleepy  hoping they finish up early before i have to head to work. another night of closing, fun.
woke up in the middle of the night! now i can't sleep! 
I wish my friends were up. I want to do something fun. They only chill at night to drink&amp;smoke. 
Wow, second night of being awake most of the night sick, this time both my wife and I  I hate being sick!
Why am I always wide awake at night and sleepy as hell in the morning? It makes being a responsible adult very difficult 
is going babysitting now! another late night with no twitter  lol.
there's nothing like a good workout to help you recover from a crazy night where I lost my favorite lipgloss 
last night i had a dream that i had chick-fil-a. kinda realllllly wish i had some now 
@TheBathroomGirl have a good night wish I could come 
i need to get a new phone. i cant believe mine shit the bed on me last night 
my sat night is now not happenin, argh! was lookin forward to a night out, now a bottle of wine for one, kinda sad 
party over! so soon  .. oh well.. party tomm night too :p yayyy
Hates making choices late at night 
listening to synergia and waiting for 1 friend to call but i don't think she will so...this going to be just another boring night  
just heard tonight is the last night for the rated x party and i am on tour  rated x was the first party on my first night living in nyc
@drdrew I'm glad to hear you're okay, I heard from @firstladyoflove that you almost had a bad night   I'm mad at them too &gt;.&lt;
FINISHED!!!! had a fabby time yesterday and last night  sunburn is a killer though... 
@FooFooKachu  im sorry dear. it was good seeing you last night though.
last nights bridal shower/ bachelorette party was so much fun!  But today I am exhausted and have the sniffles 
@TheAdolescence I wanna go to a remember trance party, but nobody is going with me....   I feel like dancing all night... &lt;3
is running a fever after last night, sad face. 
@sky_at_night aww not cool cause ya tired now  
after eating chinese last night i had the worst stomachache. i want pizza tonight but i don't want the pain. 
About to star another night in hell! So excited 
I had a bad dream last night.  Zombies suck. Haha.
has a baby that likes to sleep all day and party every night. 
@jaybranch im gutted though, you played great music last night and i fell asleep half way through them 
@AnnielovesJB237  I like being sily..... And I was NOT delirious last night hehe
Someone came and stole a kitty while I was out last night...I'm so sad! 
@sheriberi13 how did I not see you last night girlie?  hope you had a blast!
@DrewtalkSTL I had to work last night.  hope it was funn
Match i mean not watch. LOL sorry predictive text again :S night night early to bed early to rise  cricket match tomorrow :S match
My grandpa died last night 
saturday night is curry night in r house-tonight I cried curry tears which hubby &amp; daughter found very amusing 
I still can't believe vegas last night.... But were are on the way to san fran now for a day and night, bye vegas 
On the train to meet a friend to go back to mine... It's scary at night 
my bros r sleepin and it's only 12  don't know wat to do for the rest of the night but am not sleepin till i vote for 1r at least 10 votes
@WhitneyGN: I'm working tom night.... 
thinkk it was a very bad idea to watch this film by myself! at night!  getting very spooked out! :|
my mommy had bad heartburn last night too 
hung over, crazy night i really want to go to the pride parade but im too tierd 
.. i'm so tired... good night people 
@bbrubio sorry we missed you  sounds like you had fun though, I'm glad. I had a terrible night and I have a bunch to tell you.
watching family guy on my own on a saturday night... rock &amp;roll 
 stupid puppy kept me up all night only had 3 hrs sleep
@danielleandrade no, i didnt. i'm going to the party junina in my school now  night night honey xx
omg! i missed out on the hoedown throwndown dance tutorial thing yesterday night! awww 
Just got in from manic night at word. Sadly, I don't get paid more if it's manic 
@mattedmondson a bit tipsy, just topping up from last night - flasbacks from last night &amp; insulting &quot;celebs&quot; to their face 
i feel terrible...so bad night now.I hate letting people down... 
Just one night of peace would be great thanks 
i lost my cool heartshaped striped sunglasses last night...i think they got stolen  bugger
I was an unstable mess last night, and have battered legs to show for it. Seriously spent half the night falling flat on my face. 
its saturday night.. why cant i find anything exciting to do 
the brush i need is one that needs some serious cleaning  but it's too late at night
i lost 3 of my horny hotties last night. 
@kelanjo19 LOL! it's too hard!  you're doing better than me though! nighty night! xoxo
in a sad-ish mood due to the extreme tease of thursday night 
doing homework for the rest of the night. 
awww I remember what a hangover feels like now  wtf? how many time did I tweet shaun last night! haha and still no reply.
has such a rubbish evening  why do thinks allways happen 2 me ???
@Rackorama thats my girl!!! u know betsie was at pacha plast night? I didnt get to meet her, I was downstairs all night (long story) 
i believe my iphone was stolen last night, someone peed in my closet, and a guy I almost lost my friends over ignored me for an evening 
Just got back from eating a nasty ass dinner  about to relax for awhile until my night begins
it's saturday night and i have no plans  this hasn't happened in a really long time.
Ugh, I gotta work the door all night at the bar  bummer.
@ NESBU super missed you guys last night  wish I had the money and the strength to go pa last night. I was drunk texting Dainie na at 1am
headed for night 2 of big gay oxford reunion without my wingman...  wish me luck!!
Swans went down to the pies last night we're all    #afl
@Ravenj2k going to be a long night it's freakin hot. 
Going to watch a film. night xoxo 
fell asleep on the sofa now I'm gonna beup all night 
sprined my knee at show last night  and it wasnt even a real match!!
working on a marketing plan on a saturday night 
i have to work 2 night  oh well at least its holidays but still its so cold
@ActionPhoebe see  hope you have a nice restful night
Not the best damn night ever....lol 
I'm feeling really anxious this evening... I don't like that feeling.  *deep breath*
Being stuck in traffic on 135th for no good reason is the beginning of a bad sat night... 
@flummoxen you will definitely do better than me at auditions then. I've only been doing like hour and a half every night  sigh
nothing from kevan since our awkwardness the other night... I am very sad about that &amp; it upsets me 
@samantharonson noooo  bummer- i have an idea for tomorrow night
well twits. i think i need to retire for the night. pain is worsening &amp; i have nausea  hope everyone has a fabulous night.. xoxo summer
Seriously,what is going on?? We just lost power at mi casa  the storms were last night, what's going on??
ahhh a'sdjflajsdlfjal working on this beautiful night  weakness!!!
says sis was admitted into the hospital last night and i didnt know.  http://plurk.com/p/12k6y4
Some stupid downtown concert is polluting my saturday night relaxation.  
@karaalynn love sucks sometimes  sorry your having a bad night.
@hustlr_v2 well fuck!!! Now I really regret not able to join the tokbox last night! 
So i ended up staying home last night. All the weekend plans went *POOF*  boooo.
quite a boring night. sleeping alone tonight too. ugh 
well thats is for me.  leg hurts   night every1
done for the night as I feel i have a cold  
@Sumpinelse @KendallMK I don't think I can  I might give in for the night and just watch the movie, I started looking at it and went blank
its my sister's last night here 
@ImWendy nighty night 2 hrs till my bed time 
@urrrica i would come now but i am stuck in arozona for the night 
Is in need of a girls night... 
I miss you @nicksnider  I need a good tooting night
sigh, with any luck, i can downgrade to 2.2.1 and unlock that...bad tech night 
another boring night of  whabs getting drunk in store for me... 
is not doing anything fun on this awesome saturday night.... 
wishes she knew how to make her twitter profile pretty like everyone else's  &amp; being a loser at home on a saturday night in the summer.
my baby has a concussion and I am in for a very sleepless night 
@ReaFaceToFace - Unfortunately not  I was babysitting my pseudo-nephew all night.
sleeping time. night night!! miss my babe. 
dead from the sun today.. took a 3 hour accidental post-dinner nap and now i'm not falling asleep for the night 
I couldn't help but dance on stage 2night....now I'm in some back pain  pray for this silly girl!
Home, but pls dnt tell me the night's over?! 
I miss my family  good night young lady
Last night at the magnolia and my sisters moving monday 
Another night in paradise!   Just trying to make a dollar!
super bored...rainy night again good to sleep but cant fall asleep 
i feel sick  || asti's party last night.. fun night but im so tired and the stairs were wet so i tripped up them and my arm hurts  lol x
last night in montreal 
now i got drunk high hung wit the homie ebabbs no birds  but all in all good night
Okies I have to go for a while ... dinner needs my attention or I won't be eating this side of midnight 
im such a wimp, last night i watched the dawsons creek series finally and cried-again!!  then i watched the wedding date which was sad too
after last night, every 215 woven i see at work just isn't the same.  i need sprite, lullabies, and a clear conscience. good night.
It's tough saying goodbye to great friends.  So happy I get to see @ddlovato tomorrow! I need a happy night out!
@LadyLogan I just woke up and gone to sleep.. booooo  good night love &lt;3
Staying up late at night isn't good for my mind 
@kalebrecht i was both days, and i heard about zac being there that night, but I DID NOT SEE HIM. 
So only 1 negative of the night someone stole my beautiful moma sky umbrella 
i lost my cell last night  had to pay 399 for a new one! grrrr
@SirGaGa1987 transformers is amazing! A must see. I was at take that last night, drinking cheapest wine ever so now suffering  x
is feeling tired and peed off with her dad after he was being annoying to me! last night. what a f*cking knob 
i wish i was at the jonas gig last night to see the before the storm duet 
damn phone batterys dyin  forgot to charge last night.sigh no more pics..il upload more LATER haha yay so fun!
Watching the videos I took last night but the sound's rubbish  x
@Dcorreal yeah its wicked phattt :-P i got church at 11  good night/morning
I think I just cried myself to sleep last night. Such bothering thoughts. 
Definatly feeling the effects of thurs, fri and sat night in town 
@timtardis I got stuck in those crowds last night.  It was terrifying.  We managed to pull out onto a verge and drive up the grass and..
btw, i read out twilight last night... the most boring end ever!!!  huge disapointment! But, i love it anyways 
just found out missed out on a mcdonalds with the girls last night 
@EmmiV It  w a s  a portrait of a good friend of mine, but I managed to mess it up last night. *sniff* 
last night was good!!! got drunk then drew all over amie's walls &lt;3 and then attempted to phone people but amies house has shit signal! 
and pizza run - another early night - not good for the food industry in the northern suburbs 
way to early to be up. but i could not sleep. to hot, and missed babe to much. tossed and turned all night. 
Trying to motivate myself  should be writing and being creative -the things I love - I should NOT have drunk that wine last night!
my months-long streak of awesome saturday nights came to a sputtering, sweaty, embarrassing end last night 
@hollyvale  grrr. did you have your prom last night?
I had a charlie horse last night and I thought I was going to die 
@taylorrrr_ well ive been sick all night  So fancy doing something tomorrow? If your not busy?
couldnt sleep last night and now im up to go to church ugh so tired 
i havent spoken to my father all night, and im grounded for the next 3 weekends that im with him (Y) great. i need a cuddle 
@steemcb had some problems testing on 2G last night with the timeout never happening was very annoying 
@EmilyMarieox he did bless him! he looked in so much pain all night  you will haha ;) xxx
is having such a boring night again!!! 
so, someone got the jam session from last night, right? ich, probably? why does he always do this when i don't have a computer? 
To many vodka shots last night!! not good 
@LucyJonesxx  I saw the saturdays last night though x
pretty shit party last night  my legs are covered in nettle stings and cuts!
@redtoffee hello my wifey. how are you today? I did still have a rubbish night 
i have sims 3 in my laptop but it's supeeeeeeer slow.  going to bed now. good night!
@electricbrocoli  but we love you! p.s. you missed drunk derek last night.
@pajamie I waited for you all night, even sent you text msgs via aim.. 
goOood mOooOorning!!!! I just wake up from a bad night!!! I think it's one of my worst nights in my life!!   
party was awesome last night. was sick in a cat tray 
Just woke up and don't feel so hot..think I drank too much last night 
@antonchann didn't u see my stress pimple last night  it's huge sigh
i want a boyfriend so i can call him by his last name  i already call mcnally by his last night, but the chances of me dating him are slim
last night was quite a night! now i am up early when i could be sleeping in  oh well might as well get shit done if i'm awake!
@JennyyLouisee im alright, feel asleep iPlayering though, ganna be a tough night. i wish i could have gone to sleep last night 
I can't get over saturday night. :\ I hope something happens between the two of us 
@mileycyrus &amp; @jonasbrothers performances together was amazing last night, wish i was there 
@SLprettyyboyy lol!!!! u know what i meant shiiaatt gimmie a break had a long night 
going to where there is power! p.s sorry everyone sorry for last night 
painnn  went to dan's last night, at devin's now, going to uhh my house maybe. i feel so out of it!
as usual. i'm waiting for him to call while he's hanging out with his friends. typical night 
really really weird night last night...homework time  boo
@farney315 how do you spell get fucked? still drunk at noon from last night but i love my life. getting the wisdoms out tommarow 
Last night in munich  haven't had the chance to drink as much beer as I should hah - very rainy :/
@SailorSu sometimes I hate dreanming at night. Puts me in the worse moods. I thought he was talking to meeeee but he wasn't. 
@courtneyyy3 i know. you're missing late night coverage with me and brit 
http://bit.ly/I9Jfi  ... i miss last night already. 
@trueblooddallas I&quot;m sorry I didn't join chatroom last night. I was at neighbor's watching S:1-2 on the later broadcast. 
couldnt sleep at all last night and i have to go to work soon. i'm so sore and exhausted 
Listening to my poetry track last night and it makes me miss writing with @amethystglaze. 
is crying cause she can't find a pretty prom dress   looks like i'll stay at home friday night. sigh.
one more night with youu 
  dinosaur jr. was playing last night @ the casbah! and chairlift is playing there tonight! i hate 21+ places 
my hand is painful..  its a sloww twitter night tonight!!!
@ann_donnelly actually, am away on vaction that night  just realised
going to a wake  then spending the night with jackie.
someone broke into the baskin robbins beside us last night 
@sethu_j  i'm here! i'll call you every night if you need me too. my hillbilly/black accent will improve, at least xxxxxxxx
Is still in bed. Last night I started getting sick. I'm so so sick now 
@hipsterrr yes it's true  he was tweeting for help last night while he was in shock/bleeding. so sad!
gots to go to work tonight so sick of working over nights.... I think its killing me 
is getting ready for a night with my friends.. I really wish the rain would STOP 
why can't i get one early night?? 
i got so drunk last night now i ave the sorest head 
@_jessicalouise yeah, he is. i missed chatty man last night though  and thanks ;) yours is nice too. that from your holidays? xx
Is wondering why he was so upset last night. He didn't do anything, but that was always the problem 
I wonder how some people are able to sleep at night.... 
last night in bcn  cleaning up the gaff and finishing the booze
Off to @emilyeff's for girls night! I missed my bff 
falling asleep already, think saturday night has caught up with me 
stayed up all night talking to someone only to basicaly break out connection. I hate myself 
stayed up all night talking to someone only to basicaly break our connection. I hate myself 
at meghan casey's with everyone. emily's last night 
@jonasgrrl kate has been about to cry all night 
@theinfield oh that does sound good! we tried to go for hot dogs last night but theinfield was already closed guess we were a tad late 
i guess jordyns not sleeping over  watching a movie with steve-o. night.
@thenationalrifl how long were u guys sick for because i got sick last night around 4 and still am feeling sick 
feeling sad this morning... my sister spooky spent the night at the hospital with dehydration and renal failure 
@chevale  looks like u have to stay up all night to do the assignments  hehe no I'm not sleepy. still online &amp; twitting! ;D
I saw saw 5 last night, for the second time, and i was so scared that the pig was hiding under my bed 
Such a boring evening... 
Ugh my internet went out just as i was going to upload more pictures from last night 
Working night and day is killin me 
I tried to write a song last night, but I just couldn't make something that I liked. 
I'm hoping tonights showing will be better than last nights!!  
@longhorns1260  UGH that movie was disgusting. i was so so so scared last night after everyone left 
@EpicSeano I miss you too! I'm doing good, just got back from out of town last night but my voice is hoarse and I'm catching a cold. 
have achieved a lot today now holby city then early night to go running at 5 
@jezenia ur ass is crazy! can we not discuss the party please cause I have a dress that is dying 2 be worn that night 
graduation last night &lt;333 i'll miss you guys 
@babyyygirlxox awww why did @mileycyrus get her tweeling hurtt  she was in my dream last night lmao
was charm school not on last night, whyyy is it not on my dvr? 
Thanks for the word boosts guys, now, like i said to your mother last night... I'm going back in. 
@gramki can't have gud night! I am sick of being sick 
working family night tonight and then studying for my stats final 
jon and kate plus 8 was so sad last night 
@notmywords i am giving in and going to bed  nighty night
@stephjonesmusic have fun at your show 2night i know itll be craaazy wish i coulda gone 
right well i need to be up in 1 hour 48 minutes, i want to carry on coding but i need to sleep  night tweeps
@theldp i nearly broke my nose playing volleyball last night  sucks
@JeremyStanfill hope last night went well! sorry I couldn't make it 
I really wish i had a big dinosaur like the one in night at the museum 
@lindsayisabelle i work saturday night  but i need to come to waterloo soon toronto is driving me insane!
names are floating around my head.. as was lily allens songs throughout the night grrr 
Hoping that everything with my flights goes as planned. If I miss my connection in denver I'm there all night. No fun 
strange days, strange night, I think something will happen q, q not taken 
@bethanykinch yes...the same night we did!!! 
is really REALLY warm  hello restless night!
jsut home from a night at the casino.... won a tenner lost a tenner 
@putoutthemoon and 10 diff. numbers called in an hour. i turned into her last night. 
so last night i stage dove....and no one caught me  bahahahah i just realized how funny that is lollollollollollollollollol
going to sleep now! hope no insomnia like last night 
@akajoncampbell no tix  Calls for a night on the couch... Yay!
@donniegrl82 NO  We couldnt find it that night. But no joke, we were walking to the beach the next day &amp; we found it.
@songzyuuup all these girls are so happy you just made their night...me on the other hand couldn't even get thru 
: think I'm calling it a night, she fell asleep on me 
i have a bad headache  i finally get to sleep in tomorrow! goooood night.
Aww girls from the shopping centre asked me out for bday drinks tomorrow night..felt so loved - except I can't go! 
I can't seem to do anything right :/  this night isn't as good as I wished it would be earlier. :/
Its my first night without my dog.. i want to dieeeee 
extra burrrrnt from the wavepool  chillin for the rest of the night ..call/text me
No running for me this evening  I think I'm getting shin splints.
@girlgeniusp_vil  so I can stop drinking my problems away every night 
is spending my last night with my best friend before she leaves the country! 
This is way too early to go to sleep  ...and my apartment makes creepy sounds at night. sleeping on the couch again~
goin to bed...early night for me but have to get up early and study 
got to get to sleep early tonight or I will not be able to function this last week...no sleep last night, feelin a deep sadness still 
@Diamonds_Pearlz I know. I don't know if I can watch. It will be such a sad night for everyone 
meh, the night is hitting hard... 
STILL AWAKE!!! even after the movie last night and work today. no sleep for graham 
Getting over last night's state of origin footy party. Blues lost yet again...  But a good time had by all!
Breaking night with the cuzzo. He's leaving in a couple of hours  let's see how long I last?!??
@thankingdc34eva I havent did any homework 2night but I did last night and it was alright alot of reading and writing! ugh! 
stayed up all night workin on my myspace and accomplished nothing  bout to call it a night
@meerasapra nose bled last night too   c calvin is hugging me since i m down
night... my sisters keeper... sad book  but addicting!
You know something's not right with the universe when I consider 11:30 'late.' I miss being a night owl. 
@ronenk That's a shitty mistake!  Now I understand why I had trouble getting into this account last night..
why can't i remember anything from last night ??? 
there are TWO rainbows outside but must say camera battery for my 365 in the meatroom tonight. stupid me didn't charge it last night 
@epyon307 @vkidd152 @natemahoney8 are u guys rly having movie night without me? 
Staying the night at my parents house, by myself 
couldn't get to sleep last night cos of my toothache 
trying to sleep ; i hate insomnia  the night is so lonely - cheer me up nd call me or bbm :: 31b381a9
330am and ive done nothing but toss and turn all night. I really just need a good night of sleep for once. I can't do this anymore. 
currently has an unhealthy obsession to a blue shaker...also quite down after the euphoric high last night... 
hopes sayher is a little earlier tonight, dont like driving at night 
is a bit shocked... had a terrible nightmare last night... about het best friend... dying. 
aww no one wants to play #ispy with me  well, it's almost 5am...no1 out to play, better go to bed....nighty night kiddies!
Anyone else really bad with hayfever in the night? I had real trouble breathing! 
is awake now, but had nightmares last night 
@ly_jamie I think its cos I had a medium chips and kebab last night 
I'm stumped hahah I wanted to go late night 
I'm sooo tired... wish I could sleep at night 
@svghax Sounds like you had a shitty night, then.  
an all nighter ahead 
going to my opening evening to night at park can't wait ............not ...and wat makes it more better im poorley 
would be well rested if not for the random thunder last night 
wayyy too much to drink last night 
@ash_griffin I saw where you said chad had just seen jack.he had been at alans house that night to &amp; dad talked to him last week so sad 
I changed my puppy's diet and she has been throwing up all night  sorry millie.
saturday is my last night as presentation staff. -tears- worked with megan for the last time..  
@shewasyar sorry i haven't been by. we've been training from 9-6. and then doing door decs and bulletin boards and rcrs at night 
oh so tired! regretting being social last night... 
Why do I fall asleep so early every night?! This is no good. 7 episodes behind on big brother 
@StephiSpence where were you last night!?!? for sure I thought I'd see you!!  let's make plans soon! xo
Long nights impossible odds last night......plus i think im coming down with something 
Late nights, lights and speakers falling on your head,dog barking all night = 1 banging headache 
talking the kids into going to the beach to go surfing, missed ladies night last night. 
@CullenHouse they didn't play it last night at my theater either 
@vInTaGeVioLeT yep  it wasn't too bad until last night, I think the stitches have come out or something
@arneybundchen i don't know  we spend that night together in the rooftops of that fucking mall. just me and him. ((((
@justinmoorhouse guess you will be having an early night then tonight if you up at some god unearthly hour in the morning?  x
@_sars_ i'm still here n i 'll probably be working through the night 
off to work! no boobies for me last night 
@BT_broadband Ah, well, we're both in the same boat then. I switched because they were throttling the speed every single night. 
I don't think it matters how much I drink...my body can't handle booze on a school night 
@ellieboo07 that's awesome! I miss you though. A bunch of us went out last night and u weren't there 
@earthtobella ok, well i actually just got another interview for this evening.. wont be able to make it! 
been taking flight every night this week...i miss the bonding tho 
@laceybenz that's a great one! my fav. is &quot;calling you,&quot; but they didn't sing it last night!  they mainly sang all their new stuff.
@katmuro awwww... I miss my not batman cup that krystal made me..   How's ur grandma?  (GET THIS! I ACTUALLY prayed last night!)
working and wishing my back wasn't killing me, I barely slept at all last night! 
@JuiiCyeffBaby I didn't get to speak to her last night  lol nah i'll be there what u mean 288
@Kungfus0n- haha stop it! i swear i'm like a lil night owl! i get so much done at night &amp; i use to do everything during the day! 
@danellesheree that @cpaug meetup was last night? i forgot to add it my calender. 
omfg i think my cat is dead. she made some weird sound late last night outside and now she has not come back. 
@ernmander we had a server meltdown last night  new hardware needed today.... mostly sorted now #thrushthursday
I had the worst dream last night... dreamed that my hockey sweaters became threadbare and fell apart. 
goin out 2 the club 2night can wait 2 party with my girls heels will be on deck 2 night OOWWWW!!! lol but i know my feet are goin 2 hurt 
Last night of band camp 
@kyeli mine did that to me in the middle of the night. Turns out they got onto my altar...my chalice got smashed! They looked guilty too 
wearing my pout until monday night  cut my knee this morning, looks like a burn a.k.a looks a bit dodgy
@lizroz why miserable evening sis 
@BrittKay I'm sorry I couldn't be more help last night bb 
my side hurts  i must sleep in some very odd positions at night..this happens to often.
@Lyonn yeah  night for the whole wk and on sun. Sighhhh
camp last night was actually pretty fun. shana hurt her knee again tho.  im watching hercules with bren right now. im hungry.!
@gamingangel for me its way too late, worked all night  sucked
sooo i think last night i was slipped some E... am i happy about this? noooooo 
@RiskyBusinessMB i couldn't meet you guys last night cause some random guy started yelling at me about how i couldn't stand there.  haha
my favorite person leaves tonight  we argued a lot about stupid things this time but last night made me remember why I love him
@JohnHays hmm, that I don't agree with entirely because I am most creative &amp; vibrant @ night for some reason...but I need 2 sleep too 
@JonathanRKnight : agreed. internet? random. but i like random. watched dirty dancing, great movie, i thought of your song..  nighty night
@nsastrasasmita k. i'll try to figure it out. i'm gonna go to bed. night night  
@WhereisKevinn well my night seems pretty boring in comparison to the strokes you've experienced tonight 
and now off to bed after an amazing night chatting with a pretty amazing guy  ( you know who you are)
@amp451 good night  sweet dreamz
@jennifermf totally know what u mean!this late night stuff has been 2 my detriment 4 YEARS,lol;society is discriminatory toward night ppl 
night twittys! i hope to dream of  johnny depp again 
@dsiegel99 now if i could get to san diego the same night i could celebrate it twice lol thanks 
this night's to do list: clean, make wishlist, and sing to my musics. 
good night swetdreamss to everyonee   and jared never chat in kyte puff 
excited about mi promisin future I need a spiritual cleanse. I'm prayin then its off to bed  night twittheads!
ooooh such a good night  bed time!
I got a half-decent night's sleep. 
@brandozines ahhhh yes! great wedding  did you guys have a good night?
had a fun, yet unexpected night. yay for long random talks with mattie and tori! also dinner with nick and the gang was yummy 
jammin to the pod all day and night 
that was fun last night  too bad i gotta work now.. need more sleep for tonight's concert
time for bed  night twitters
i got very excited last night when my uggs arrived 
take me to a place where we can have some fun and dance the night away 
@peaceoflove08 alright. well just let me know.  good night.
i feel surprisingly alert considering the abundance of alcohol last night and the lack of sleep this morning. 
had a good night last night  going to see my nan  seeing the guys later (Y) good day x10
@Llin_93 i read one chaptyer last night &amp; got bored straight away. i cba with revision - wooh 
Last night was great want to go again 
30 more mins of sleep? sure why not haha  night! waking up at 7ish. ugh.
is having a ham roast on saturday night after lots of travel!!  yay for easter and being the only child for the weekend 
good evening to all  http://plurk.com/p/n17gf
@RaisingMaine check out @miltmafia - we're always looking for ways to pawn off the kids and have a night out (ok, I am) 
now time for mouse to mouse pad for a long long night ahead!  this is how you know you love it!
@wizbiff  i need a different job, if he is gonna chat all night. he's cute so i'll get over it 
its quater to 10. i am a little tired which is a big shock since i got hardly any sleep last night!! lol 
@jon8737 sounds like my night! hope you rested well anyway 
Yay devin slept all night and woke up at 7 
It was in the 30's last night but I dom't think it hurt anything. The elephant ears are still standing 
@SizzCouture loved the hills last night! omg! 
had such a hectic day and afternoon gym then soccer training never again lol im bugged night twitter world x x  
@Tsarnick hahaha 2 computers, pimpin! I should try to sleep. I have to run errands in a few hours hahaha nighty night! 
@Raawry Lol good id we should all dress up as twitt bird and listen to twit podcast all night! @apattys thanks 
@seanpower hello! was awesome to meet you the other night 
@evntaccomplishd maybe it was b/c i saw it at midnight last night?  and i don't know carter's story that well...not a true fan i guess! 
goodmorning twitter. you were on a commercial last night 
Just realized now how much eating at night excites me. I'm such a midnight snack person 
@JonathanRKnight good night green eyes.. 
just woke up. last night i figured out it was just a break. so feeling better. gettin him back soooooooooooon I HOPE! 
has no possibly words to explain her excitement for the at&amp;t plaza mavs watch party tomorrow night! 
@taylorschaeffer hey taylor... just to clarify, its at 1,2,3  good night!
@betty822 that sounds like a pretty good night to me 
Is playing with my night owl nephew. In complete awe of the shape life is taking. 
roadshow was awesome! got pictures with caleb and nathan cause jonathon and kyle got took away by the cops and security. fun night though 
@robbie42601 have a good night 
@misstiffie eat more woman!  it's fri night!
@msbellee I'm a night owl!  Always up this late! ;) I'm sorry about your water heater....
Throughly enjoyed my night last night - surprise went prefectly thought my friend was going to have a heart attack when she saw her bf 
@SPerk15 i had a fun night as well but no hangover  enjoy the day!!
You've got the moves, oh yea!  not rusty at all... Congregated with half new hope @ Timmies last night and I feel re-energized 
@jpblogger The illusive kathie was also on last night. Would be LOVELY to have a double video feed to talk to them both. 
yey for wymt! the concert was ace last night 
An amazing friday night + a completed final draft + orchestra in an hour = this weekend's looking to be better than I expected 
went to see pink last night with elliot! and had a f**king amazing time! 
recovering from all of last night's fun 
its getting colder and coler every night, yay! oh how i love winter very muchly 
Is still recovering from last night. I am never gonna drink that much again 
is going to sleep now...good night everyone!!  http://plurk.com/p/ovkcf
Preparing for saturday night salsa night.  also doing some updates to our newsletter design.
freakin internet is not workin, so cant watch the game anymore. off to bed. good night !! 
#ASOT awesomeness !!!! can't wait for the power to kick in the night! 
@Schofe no such thing as a dull tweet on a saturday night in 
@MichaelaRose13 haha yea i tried learning it at night once. got too tired. i did it at like 2pm today  took a lot of concentration haha
sooo.... good night to everybody!!  love ya &lt;33
Barely awake but still abuzz from last night's fun. 
waiting for dinner... then out for a night of recklessness with the besties 
making pad thai and staying in for the night 
@CrazyBird75 well done young lady, you looked bloody great last night 
feels like sunday. loong night 
just b'n extremely board!!!1 my friend is com'n over in like 10 minutes &amp; she's gonna spend the night. 
getting ready then out for the night with my bf. 
This was an amazing night 
night in by myself... rascal flatts, movie, and my bed. lovely 
Yay just got done with night land nav very quick got all my points. 
night night...the meds are working 
And what one thing could turn this sucky saturday night around?  Snl's 'best of amy poehler'    i love that woman.
We got the police called on us for playing hide and go seek at mid night 
really hopes he says yes. it will make me feel so much better and make prom an amazing night 
off for the rest of the night, bye tweeters 
bbqing with my people--the night is looking up, finally 
@billpalmer lol, I will just wait and explain later , give you something sweet to think about for now ,  HAve a Luvly night , cynth
night people  xx
Spending the night at manda roo's 
had a verry good night 
@STWBYF4 agreed! I can think of worse things to do on a saturday night than go through photos of a beautiful kitty. 
Playing cards with my peoples! What a beautiful night 
@dutchthegreat @balance510 have a great night in the lab yall 
Getting off, good night everyone 
good night twitter people, i will return 
Secound night in the new house. I love it here.  I hope tonights better than last night!!! 
@wearequitenice no problem! we are off to bed! good night. 
vou (necessito) dormir ;p good night twitters 
@BSGirlsEver yeahh i just read it...good boys, nick was all day here and howie responded question  I gotta go...gOod night!
Ears ringing from Notacon Blockparty, calling it a night now 
going to bed; night everyone 
is recovering from a fun night 
Night everyone  have a great night! Movies with katie tomorrow 
@DaveMalby well....you win the oddest question I been tweeted all night...right after @fogfish asking if I'm tweeting from the bathtub! 
@mike_mcalli ....or a pipe  as I'm doing right now. On the porch, enjoying the cool night.
@AliceinSG babe i ain't resistin!! next fri late night screening so as to avoid the screaming tweens? 
falling asleep in a bit..an amp gets me thru a fun night 
alright, i'm about to knock. g`night tweeps 
@loboastuto From last night's tweets, nobody else is showing up 
my dad's wild shepards flock thy night is forever delicious and I never get tired of it 
@Skcho180 omg i played draw my thing with dudesgiveflowers all night and he said that i was really good 
good beer + bff + guitar hero + tool songs = badass saturday night! 
really awesome night tonight....i smell like vanilla cookies 
@jonathanrknight hope you get to enjoy a night out with your friends!  rest up for the crazy to come this summer!
another lovely night with the boy 
never have i ever partied all night and ended up sleeping with three chicks - until tonight 
spring has officially sprung. awesome night 
had an amazing night  this party was definitely a success. minus the attack of the giant bug.
is home from a night out  nyc was amazing!
'never have i ever' partied all night and ended up sleeping with three random chicks 
@liamstone good to see u last night mate  see u soon.
on my way homeeee! amazing night 
super tired calling it a night... have a good one twitters 
calling it a night good night vegas  see ya in the morning
@shufflebite mmm Humangummybears  *chomp* i tweet at u last night shaunster shufflepants 
les deux last night was so legit, went behind with the dj and checked out the tables, so nice. just watched american beauty  now i sleep
Someone made my night by telling me I was classy 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3iqyf - hot  last night was amazing! thx guys 
just got home  I know it's kinda late, or early depending on how you look at it, but it turned out to be a really awesome night 
@PurpelBlur D: BWAHAHHA my blondness makes it harder BWAHAHA  I am off to bed nighty night!! 
http://twitpic.com/3l7l4 - Scketches from last night at a bar haha i r loser 
@tommcfly you were really good on tonights the night, i wish i was that boy haa, what night are they playing? right back for me please  ox
good morning  what happens in vegas was the third movie watched last night. i drank green tea out of shot glasses.. it was a giddy affair.
was shown on so you thin k you can dance with my poster  ahhh best night of my life!
..off to bed now!... had a great night with the hubby 
had a great night out with my honeybee...met some new nice people and acutally guys...can you believe that? 
chemistry dance party last night had to be one of the best ones yet! amazing sound and lighting 
My head is screaming atme this morning and i canteven control it...wish i hadnt drank anything last night 
last night was the best night in a long while. shame rocco was there being himself. on the brightside the mission home sobered me up.   xx
Off to dream enjoy your night all 
@BhumsT good thing, wishing you a fine evening then  enjoy !
Holy hell last night was fun! I danced so hard I literally threw out my back. 
ok. so I know I said it about 3 or so hours ago, but I think I really am going to go to bed now  night dears
@asomething yes lowww it  miss you swan...i did somethin bad last night!
long night at the fights last night. Up and gettin ready for church.  beautifuleyes&lt;3
glad i went out last night 
thought the storytelling festival last night was *astounding* Congrats to all the tellers! 
lol ok i wasn't really that mad last night, just an elaborate, vivid drunk writer 
said goodbye to sean and now gettiing ready to pick up colleen good weekend all in all amazing party friday night and another one tonight 
party last night was laaaavely, got some beatin' prezzies from the family. watched tv all day on the couch, dinnnaaaa time 
is getting some final message prep in, days like this make me happy our gathering is at night. 
is hung over like a hung.. over. Fukkit. But last night was fun tho! 
@Abidabbidoos sounds like you had a good night then  hope you feel better later.. bed tmw?
@marksvoice Just saw your wee sing-song from last night after I logged off - nice one! 
was at the party last night after 6music...... great fun, just pissed off the next door,then the cops came.... 
Is thinking chili cheese dogs woohoo now thats breakfast at 2pm lmmfao!! its not my fault i dont sleep at night!! 
so glad i left vegas last night 
@michellebranch I love you michelle! bought cds and I dreamed about you last night!  kisses!
shower &amp; bed, good night everybody 
too excited about resent career prospects to study right now...going to be a long night...once again, I love coffee 
Has a fun night planned 
@akojen not a late night - it's about 8ish here... just doing some tweet-laxing and last minute stuff before bed 
Talking to babycenter friends.  I'm glad they're night owls too!
ps im going to bed  night loves &lt;3
@aka_varia good night 
Wrestling with my Bostihuahua pup on the bed before calling it a night/he gets wound up just before he crashes 
i painted a pretty kick ass flamingo last night 
&amp; do highly illegal things in celebration of 4.20  night broads
had a really nice night last night.. love you babe!!! and is now at sophs,, i am alive soph hahaha!!!!! was really busy yday sorry!!!  xx
had a great party last night, lots of drinking, rock band and won a poker game 
@chrisquintana Awwww, you're leaving already???  ok, good night! 
Working om some homework, still kind of tired from the late night wathing Supernaturalbut it was so goo!!! 
the curse of sunday night sleeplessness. i know who i blame 
@JamesHancox yup, only on for about 5 minutes and then I'm heading to the couch for a nice hot milo before a nice early night 
zzzzzzzzzzzz....good night, tweeps 
ahhh... last night is definitely making monday bearable. plus, i got a harmonica too 
@achingtopupate If it makes you feel better, I never slept last night. I have been sitting here like a zombie too. 
is in need of a night in pizza james nat and a film !! 
no msn all night. i'd say i did pretty good 
@electropoof  thank you. how was last night?? and yay new lens!!!!!!!!!
@COASTbrewing wow had that aged blackbeerd you brought to beer wars with our leg of lamb last night for our orthodox easter amazing! 
@jason_mraz absolute pleasure to have you here. Thanks for a brilliantly fun evening 
@portiswasp awesome, big ol lazy night in's what's needed 
@NGowers friday night my pal told me he had been following a special football diet all day - didn't seem to make any difference though 
does not wanna go to class this morning, but is in a very good mood thanks to last night's party 
finished my paper. score! off to get some well deserved sleep!  night night everyone
good evening   lasagne is cooking and about to make the salad but would rather be chasing ghosts 
@MalBryc I'm a combo of night owl and early waker.  Afternoons are definitely not my thing 
good night everyone... 
listening to one night only and doing her psych essay 
had a night filled with music...my favorite kind!! 
just had a nice shower  about to watch biggest loser, then bondi rescue.. probably have another early night tonight too 
+&amp; i'm off; nighty-night!  be back around 4pm eastern! hehe
@joshnegrin I can see how that would be a night job, vampires too?  &amp; I guess that makes me even more awesome then I originally thought. 
Just got done working on a painting. I really like it.   I think it may have cooled off enough to finally sleep.. night xoxo
mum said she's gonna make me a vegetarian feast one night  i'm excited haha
loved ashes to ashes last night 
Off to bed, nighty night twitterers! 
@TeamMichael I signed!  good night everyone.
@frenchiep good night, sweet 
sleepover with Aaronnnnn   watching scarry movies allll night with my baby!!&lt;3
Such a fun night 
night with my mom 
Oh goodness. This night is already ridiculous. 
Getting some late night nibblers w first contact and b13 
taking the chill, bullshit free night i was promised  ahhh.
Just got back from the movies with madi... pretty fun night 
finally home from a super fun night out/morning with the girlies danii and christina. 
has been at heathers all night. 
charging every electronic I use  had such a great night with my cuz 
heat win! great night! goodnight 
good night everyone 
good night to all those in the land of twitter... 
@myria101 nighty-night!! 
ok for real, I'm going to bed now, good night 
@johncmayer &quot;manlady of the night&quot;...i'm going to find an excuse to say that every day. 
alright I'm out, for real this time, ga-night girls, love ya, sweet dreams and all, and i'll check ya tomorrow night 
hot bubble bath, message and great sex...my night couldn't get any better 
@AudreyLizeth LOL you can have the $8 bottle. That's on the night stand. 
wow @michaelx124 turning my phone off..since i actually need sleep. night @ninabaydo and thanks 
goin to sleep.  looking forward to spending tomorrow night with a certain someone 
after party when the bar closed with trippy music. I love it.  Its a goos misty night. 
@trickymoreira Have a good night! enjoy the silence 
@vaxen_var i almost went to sleep to that one! used to put that one in at bedtime every night in college... ahhh 
@cornellius that's something you discard when you build the whole application in one night 
is heading to bed after an awesome night at memphis in may with MackEnzie 
done for the night.  
@RealWizKhalifa Sounds like a fun night. 
sometimes i wish i was older. but no matter what this night was the best 
is home, what an amazing night.. even tho work kinda sucked afterwards was fun and entertaining tho   night
going to sleep like real soon....good night world...   
@Fearnecotton what book was you reading  and sounds like a relaxing night 
good night. ima head off here and hopefully i'll have more followers in the morning. . .help a girl out 
sore feet after a night shift at the cinema. I am slowly getting better at scooping ice cream and making hot chocolates  beautiful night
thnks for accompanied me last night when the others were left  it was very thoughtful of you
good night tweeps! 
Is about to drink too many drinks &amp; have the best night! Everyone should join me 
going to bed if any one cares lol  good night
going to finish my work and then i get to go home at seven and say night night  lovers you people  bye bye 
@mrsmcflygrimmy gi was in the sound booth all night with fletch.  We were stood right in front of them. Where were you?
had a great performance and grest night with my ladies 
I am so happy that I have actually managed to sleep last night  I think long bikerides are a nice way to combat sleepissues
Going to bed, night people 
hates homework! fun fair 2night 
thnks for accompanied me last night when the others were left  it was very thoughtful of you
excellent session at the dojo last night. I'm still recovering... 
I hate hate hate night mares! hay-layy 
@shaundiviney ha sounds like your having a great night ha 
just had a fun random night 
might head to bed. nighty night people 
We're off to the cinema tonight to see either 17 again or Ghosts of girlfriends past - aren't I in for a great night 
page 44 were amazing last night-  then dissolved in slept over , what awesome boys  now i am relaxin before tnite (Y) xx
@StarJonesEsq gurl you don't have to justify what you ate last night. 
what a strange but great but up and down night. my loved ones who came out to support are wonderful 
@Felysha And congrats on being called the proper pronoun all night. 'Tis a wonderful feeling. 
cried my eyes out last night while watching titanic, it became my favorite movie ever again. and im on a mission to find my jack dawson.. 
sat night, dat with my honey 
@vonIrrwegen yeah now I realize, I think I should've never drank the last 10 sangrias last night lol 
last night was dope 
Oh man... I'm so happy I went out last night... It was good!! And I've been up for 24 hrs so far 
ok nighty night xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx stay FABALAS 
if i knew you were coming i*d have baked a cake  AMAZING night last night &lt;3
Just ate muffins. Looking forward to scary movie night with the girls. 
@LouisS I bought two online last night! 1 for zuchinni, 1 for tomatoes @nearvanna is getting one, too   We can all compare our results.
just woke up..why did the night go away so quickly? 
there's nothing better than sausages and your bestfriend, on a monday night (L)  x
I got a lot of tweets last night so I'm sorry if I don't get to yours  have a great weekend everyone!! I know I'm about to ;)
Off to a bestfriends sleepover for the night, need a good ol' laugh! don't miss me too much  xx
still sleepy...had a fun night with the girls.  
gettin ready to go out for the night to &quot;tonyas&quot; purse/adult party with jules.  then home to my looover!!!
going out for sushi this evening!! yay! JAPANESE ahah 
@lohnjovell she should be informed that sleeping thru the night is a good thing 
wonderful night in with my love. great saturday 
garlic chicken pizza and How to Be on pay per view  good saturday night.
is going to sleep loving you with all my heart  nighty night!
good night hatton, 
that was a fun night 
gonna stop twittering for the night...good night! 
@KrisAllenmusic ahh you just make my night!! you rock kris!! 
just home from a fun night. bonfire at warren coleman's 
What could be better than top ramen at 11 at night? 
http://twitpic.com/4gsq4 - @glamma_ink and me dancing away to last call.fun night.haven't been well enough 2 dance 4 a year 
@cow_grrrl I probably faded earlier than I want to admit, but had a nice relaxing evening, so no complaints 
it was a very good night with my all time favorite people.  I needed this. goodnight everyone. )
Watching the break up and going to sleep  nighty night
is headin' to la la land....night everyone 
Hot tubbing with my boys makes for a fabulous night.  http://twitpic.com/4gtt1
@itsAudio party up in vegas hope ur havig a good night ive just woke up 
going to check the snuggle factor with new cat - i'm optimistic =^..^= night all 
The hilton has the most comfortable beds! this feels like heaven right now  long but fun day/night
After a big night last night, i'm gonna relax and watch some one tree hill  hehehe, again..yepyep. &lt;3
finally home.. had fun at big tens  but now i'm exxhausted.. night &lt;3
driving home from prom!!! fun night! 
talking to tjjjjjjj. goooood night  i love indy.
notice there's not too many irish bodies awake yet, must have been a good combination of drowning sorrows and celebrating last night! 
uploading my ipod! then passing out! good day/night 
@KiMiSTRY have a blessed &amp; safe night ma ! 
@AznDiva I was more of a surfer hippie that night 
@reeiah07 ako din clasm8. dvd marathon. all day and all night long. 
about to eat dinnerr   still recovering from last night.. goin out again tonight
good night everybody!!! 
ok, I finished!  http://byfaithphotography.typepad.com/ night-- see u in a few!
got into uni!!!  found out on friday night! been drunk since so haven't tweeted so i could avoid making a fool of myself xxx
what a night..it was very loud though, it was quite a fight..two rounds and knockdown..alright! 
yeah....i rocked with curse last night 
@stephyc whatcha do?  I had a good night out as well.
Is still in denver with my bestie kait and the night is still young 
I haven't been to sleep yet twitter world but I'm def bout to go...wild night all I'm saying!!! 
@andyclemmensen @shaundiviney @shaunjumpnow well one of you should tell me now  i cant wait until mid night. lol
not sure how to use this thing.night for now 
is hungover but had a amazing night  last night out with my big sister coz she just found out shes pregnant  sooooooo exited
is watching the logies and eating home made pie in my pj's  awesome night in
@CherubNkotb I jam it up every night.  Just singing aloud 2nite. 
is it me.. or is it itchy in here? okay night tweeeties 
had a good time at madina lake last night.  apart from the crowd surfers. ridiculous. :| every two minutes. :| my neck is killing! D:
@hollyalyxfinch glad you're not feeling too rough - I did wonder, after last night's saga... 
@officialTila dude i totally found someone that looked like you last night, it was amazing to say the least 
what a crazy night!!!...getting ready for church, then out to eat with my cousin! 
@tha_jacks good night 
night everybody! 
Just installed twitterberry on my phone  holla! &amp;just got home from a fun night out.
@ashleebiscuit did you have nightmares and i fell asleep last night 
washed the cervelo last night in preparation for http://tinyurl.com/dxandf she's so pretty 
awwww yeah the surprise was sow orth staying up late plus i was watching melin  its all good. night night xx
i had the worst night ever last night! ughh! well anyways lets change the subject!  good morning???
took so many pictures at last night's wedding, they were still doing 1:1 imports when I woke up this morning. WOW 
wizards of waverly place was awesome last night! i hope everyone has a great sunday and a great week! 
had a fun night last night! it was a good turn out 
is not gonna stop going on about last night for a looooong timme 
round rosies for another night. mcfly in 2 days.again  i love being poynterpie hahahahahaha
Last night = best date with @laurensteil ever. Thanks @GatorGirl816 for those tickets! I'm already thinking up a way to thank you 
Last night was really fun, especially when my hubby danced with me! 
is laying in bed. That boy was amazing last night 
looked like a complete idiot last night.  
sleepy....went to a fun party last night then came home and watched the uninvited and bride wars..both good movies 
@beckyinthesky i fucking met the scissor sisters  spent a whole evening with them. and yes i'm dancing
@SableSnow no sorry for not clarifying, 9pm  it was a late night thing. such a great way to spend a saturday night in my opinion.
@chaitters great meeting you last night! hope u had fun 
enjoying some panera... getting ready for a movie night with my husband 
going to take a showerrr, then hw and stuff, and then watching all my sunday night shows  keeping up with the kardashians, annd desperate
had a good night with tori 
my night consists of homework that's been procrastinated, and oldest conjoined twins 
last night's dinner was awsome, i love my drama life hahaha  tomorrow's school's up again, bet is more drama to come
3-1 and I blame the loss on @johanetsebeth. I can't carry you all night!!  just kidding my friend.
@domknight i saw you @ the logies last night 
I was trying to go to sleep since i got none last night. But i will be there hopefully with my dress 
i'm about to go to bed though because that 3 hrs last night just didn't work well for me. have a goodnight everyone 
Is about to go to sleep.  good night everyone
@lonelyvagabond heard you made an appearance last night  see you thursday!
@reafacetoface @amacisaac def. great shots!  You captured the evening well 
Is going to get a good night sleep. I have so much to do monday, I hope I can get it all done 
Watching movies with jeff all night 
i've spent my night sick in bed watching history channel all night..i feel like a nerd 
is snugglin with her little girl .. had a busy weekend painting &amp; having a good time.  night all!
drugged up wit cold medicine, all warm and cozy in my bed.... bedtime  night night everyone!! &lt;3bailzzz
@socialbizniz my pleasure.  I try to be as social as possible on here. After all, it is &quot;social media.&quot;  Have a great night!
going to sleeps fer realz. &lt;3 night 
what a fun night with @beeebz , mel &amp; @_meeees. calling it a night. gym at 5am with saira. yes, call me crazy, but i call it dedication! 
Heading to bed, good night everyone 
Home from a cool evening with @pnkrcklibrarian. Meeting tweeps in person is always fun. 
watching late night cheaters. i wish wawa delivered!! 
Small World is so pretty at night  http://twitpic.com/4j50z
back from a fun and much needed night 
@lightsnoise ;; walking outside at night is fun.  especially in toronto. 
@StutterRockStar Haha, yeah. We sleep, we just don't have a fixed pattern...  5 hours of skyping last night, haha 
@amp451  hi there, and night 
@jay__BOT night doll 
@MiingoSObAD same thing girl bout to try to close my eyes for the night goodnight 
is having a late night taco party with some awesome people! 
@J_Moneyy its the best ... i did it last night with 3 movies and some good food 
good night, everybody 
just decided to stay up all night. The energy drinks, adderall and preeminent studying don't help much. 
im stupid. i chose prom night at the last minute, sucked. the zombie's song remake in the beginning was weird also.goodnight 
@therocprince nighty night 
i had an amazing night with my love!!  she makes me smile!!
Where are the bad vamps? They were so much fun last night. 
Once again another late night.  But I scored a mojito, so ... 
@ainzneal LOL  I'm the night owl queen - why you up?
night night dollies  you are al so amazing 
@ohmoss curing le hangover from an epic night, bruised 'n battered from a hectic go-karting session. pretty satisfied thank you very much 
bed time! night yall! 
@MikeyAllStars  We are of like minds this evening , my dear!
Home, good night world 
sO late n' th night i've nearly forgotten my name and backspaced a trillion times... apparently sleep is inevitable, nite* 
@threatbot It's going to be a fun night and I'm helping host it!!! 
@SarahAMurdoch loved you in head over heels! One of my fave movies! you looked stunning last night 
@zhayrar whoa rad ! coffee makes me stay up all night 
@yojibee haha  I need to get in better shape first.. I have cageball on thursdays == me dead on sofa the whole evening 
@brittany_shaw night babe 
@Dannymcfly i'm the one that kept touching your willy last night  oh you were amazing, thank you so much! x
@brettdennen 'discovered' you at the fray last night, nice music. then saw your vlogs. really, so whack. 
@pjaficionado  what can i say, i am a creatur of night, hmm, should be dne soon
got live last night at our  vid comin soonnn
hopes tonight is an okay night 
its nice to have no assignments for the night 
bahaha loving @rachmurrayX  twitter to me last night. DRUNK.  lol
honestly last night was amazing, everything was perfect 
anywho im having an early night good night twitter world.  
whoa, I've got to go to bed, night! 
waiting for hubby...wake up!!  had entirely too much fun wit tha seester last night 
@TennealMaree haha ofcoooursee you do, its pretty much a must, and pluss its dress up night, jst added incentive 
@MorrisonCorner i don't have any excuse other than night shifts! we got our orphan lambs from a local farmer so we cheated 
is enjoying the night with her folks. 
Zapatos for trashcan nachos and then an epic night 
wow, nothing like a sale to perk up a girl's evening, huh! 
Getting ready for an early night tweeps!   Have a great one every 1
@NarotBahar are u planning on doing cardio for 1.5 hrs? If so that's very reasonable  whatcha do last night?
@EricaLeigh777 $10 for evening, $5 for matinee(sp? 
@jennywoo42 we had bbq chicken pizza last night! (although it wasn't deep dish   glad to hear you had fun in p.r.!!
wondering what misery looks like? look at the faces of all the cubs fans at miller park tonite. sorry chicago friends. tonights our night 
@summertime_grl thanks night 
It is so warm out this evening!  And I just met my new neighbors, they're so nice. 
@Praxilla she can rock a guy's world at night, then make him pancakes the next morning! 
first night in myers. just not the same w/out lydia!  but i'm actually excited about this summer! 
i blame you all!  got it??? good :p she better be in good condition 2! &lt;33 night
@heyitscheryl ooh like what? I'm planning on spending the night in as well 
@andrewgoldstein 11 30s way early! anyway nigth night  love you!
@AlMaddin  enjoy ur night
outta the shower, too bad justin couldn't spend the night.  haha
@torie007 have a great night, it was so nice meeting you last night! You are a sweetheart!  xoxoxo bye for now.
Wishing everyone a good night 
in faa thaa night  movie night?
@mortuaries your tweets are making my night, bb girl 
is wishing good night everybody 
is tired and about to go to sleep. night everyone 
Yay for birthdays  sadly my voice is almost gone :/ but it was a pretty good night!
VAST concert tomarrow night!!!! 
to indo dormir, good night 
Heavenly Donuts at 11:30 at night...sounds like a heavenly match to me.  SIYAL8R
@BrainiacSociety have fun at the viper room tomorrow night  i know the fam out there will be in attendance to support all of yall
reality needs to check in. schools over. time to party  not tonight tho, im going to bed. night, night.
that was a fun bacontaco night 
@MarkMayhew ha! lemme know what you find (tho I suspect it will be a lot of complaints). Have a peaceful night my friend 
Home now  phone with jason and it's off to bed i go  good night and good night
Photovia secondstar05) i dreamt i was doing spells from harry potter yesterday night lol  i loved it. http://tumblr.com/xyt1qynya
going to bed. good night everyone! i love you all (or should i say good morning?)  sweet dreams
watched sex &amp; the city season 1 &amp; drank a little wine w/ my date...just ended w/ a goodnight kiss. i could get used 2 this  night night!
great night! great peolple! 
Wow, such a crazy night of ever changing emotions! I liked it tho 
What a fun night 
now on pg 237, night 
had a cracking night last night, don't think i've ever laughed so much  nice, lazy day today woop!
epic day/night. disappointing loss #canucks but watching star trek made it so much better  live long &amp; prosper friends. night \\//-_-\\//
&amp;&amp;the night continues!  w/ my fav mazie; kristina; ericka &amp;&amp; robin!
i miss mcfly last night so much!! i was front row centre  danny was making me laugh so much LOL
nothing is as lovely as rolling in after a long night with a boyfriend and a kitty 
rt @bact #barcampbkk3 for entertainment at night, bring your favourite mp3s .. there should be a way we can enjoy music together 
tomorrow is going to be sooo awkward &amp; embarassing. lights &amp; sounds last night was awesome 
@dannymcfly @tommcfly http://www.twitpic.com/4wvig - ta muchly, last night was the best one yet 
trying to decide if i have a hangover or im still drunk... either way it was a really good night!!!! 
i had fun last night..  cool dance pateh..thanks kimmy..
@irisCOLE one night and one more time? hahaha. one night stand, baby. 
ser stay the night live i halmstad! 
had an awesome night last night, just wish my camera hadnt of packed up :/  technology eh.. hope everyones having a great weekend? 
@gfalcone601 dinner and boggy time  have a good night lovely.x
itchy and scratchy shooow!  don't miss f&amp;f in ny this evening and the ikki twins. 
@verpabunny hey Kelly, nice to meet you the other night, now I can put a face to the tweets! 
@katiekapow It takes years of diligence to get the staying up all night thang perfected.  
Almost done, nighty night  I hope everyone has sweet dreams
Unwinding with my bae.. watching our sunday night lineup cuddled up on the sofa 
is excited to celebrate her boyfriends 30th birthday tomorrow night 
going to sleep now! good night everyone! 
@rocsidiaz i hope that he's alright. hope your night is going well too rocsi 
goin to bed night 
wanna read postsecret so badly, but will wait until morning to read it with todd  night night twitter x
@brownson5th saw star trek last night! i loved it..have not seen the skit yet..i'll have to look online for it. 
Last night in san dimas has been so much fun! 
I wish every night was like tonight     now to make coffee and work til 3am (oh joy...)
ughh i hate allergies!! and last night was funnn 
just hung out with girls in the parking lot. private acoustic jam session. best night EVER 
2 hours to go till homeee  saw ghosts of a girlfriends past last night - not bad 
I think I'm gonna start making things up to make myself seem more interesting. To start, I had a wild threesome with hot twins last night 
doing shots of whiskey with the bf haha going to be an interesting night 
@moonfrye nighty night sweet dreams  I love the breakfast club 
@LeliR alrighty! good night!! ttyl!! 
its going to be an early night for me, later kiddies! 
@bingthecherry hope flesh is home and feeling better.  night night
yep it's late and my jokes are just plain bad.  i better call it a night. . lol. . have a great evenin all 
@Moscerina or i was just feeling extra cranky last night 
my delivery got me buzzin like the pizza man! night night tweeters 
Home in bed after a fun night. I love my boyfriend 
well i am off to bed  see everybody later ..... and have a great night !!!
Finally home and in bed, good night 
had a fun night with the girls i missedd them 
NOW im off to bed..nighty night fellow tweeters 
I'm pretty sure my crackberry is getting here tomorrow.  night, kids.
I'm at play dance bar for college night. He you're still up and close to nashville you should come out and party. 
i hope everyone has a good night. don't forget to brush ur teeth and turn off the water when not using it! 
@aplusk goodnite....  !! funny its night there !
had a good night  &amp; it's about to get betta.
'bout to go to marion. late night shopping!! 
is going to go nighty night good night my twitter' friends ... 
that last one was my 420th update!??!!!??!! = not planned, swear wtf wow awesome connected  and on that note. good night
@johndarcymusic now why didn't you have that done for the bowie legends night lol 
@edapalooza My night went pretty well  How was yours??
@igorajdisek on daylight its kinda silver, but at night in clubs it shines 
@KSuds1313 My hubby fixed my computer finally last night ! So today! 
tw spent the night with @antirez and other people.. good fun 
looking forward to my birthday party tomorrow night 
@beckblack did not get to watch night! No spoiler comments 
@realworldcara i downloaded it and put it on my zune  okay for real. night!
had an awesome dinner last night, going to make another one tonight  you wish you could be invited but you are not  lol 
@mzreluctantone mornin'..looks like there was a party last night. 
@MsCatou good morning =^..^= sounds like you &amp; @Spoonsie had fun last night. once again i wish i were more than an honorary candien 
Padres game saturday night 
in history with @indigoaprilll. i went to the gym last night and i heard burnin' up by @jonasbrothers. hahaa. how overrated. 
is loving the weather  had a fun night yesterday
@dmbsredhead I drank to much last night. I feel like ass! hello 
@TillyBeaz I gave up on twitter last night 
2nd vid is almost finished uploading..  had a fun night. went to see x-men with shae, marcel, and ash 
Getting on the typhoon. Last ride of the night 
super drained. had a good day though. landed some new tricks  nighty night world!
Last night, a thought floated around and reached me = 'Happiness for all', and I sat up, emailed a friend and slept peacefully, how nice 
is ready for an awesome night! whooooo 
ha fun night brandis hilarious haha we started laughing at her dad n he sighned my lyfe saver n touched my hand lol go cyrus family 
awesome concert by david cook and david archuleta last night! we had a blast! 
@goblowsoup ok just checking.  i like to live. a lot, actually. just obviously not on saturday nights. haha.
Spending the night in my apartment!!!!   
night twitter. ecac finals tomorrow then out to dinner with the fam 
What a fun night 
@Merylgirl ok hun night yea it's easy 
another fun night on the town 
@Tyrese4ReaL U could be my boyfriend any night  HaVE  a good one
Despite watching the most painful movie ever...I had a fun night with my sister 
tunning into my mexican roots 2night 
night twitter!!! going to catch some sleep! 
I'm watching twilight at home on a saturday night with my mum 
OMGOMG Udontwantk2now is unbanned ima be omgpopping all night long!! 
i sure do love not doing anything or talking to anyone; awesome saturday night 
okay. now im actually going to sleep. night y'all. 
One hell of a night 
About to play my first round of w-pong, I'm already two glasses of water into the night. 
I wanted big money tonight and my wish was granted. Hectic night, but I'm walking with a very good amount. 
well off to bed now. good night twitter. 
this night is amazing. i wish i could talk to like, everyone...  !
glad I stayed in  good night world &lt;3
Calling it a night after a day at pride with tiff and the girls 
Going to bed- good night everyone 
OK - time for bed - 2:30 - everything's asleep in Bahstan - nighty night all - have fun at B2B tomorrow 
@donmelton they had a longish &quot;me&quot; time last night, so prolly a hiccup. but anyway it's up now 
had a great time at the rodeo with her brother. he totally made my night. 
got @johncmayer on repeat and being EMOOOO on a sat night... at least i have red velvet to keep me company 
@DavidArchie your concert with david cook last night was a blast! congrats! anyway, when are you leaving? 
@little_d1976 hey! guess what? I slept through the night.  thank you. How did u sleep?
prom was funnn  give it up to junior council to throw an awesome night.
Enjoying a night a watchig TV, without taking my sleeping meds. 
http://twitpic.com/5cl7i - instead of getting drunk tonight. chill session @ my house 
birthday brunch with my family  yesterday night was just so... funny and fucking embarrassing!
@DavidArchie . The black one your wearing last night. Just a remembrance.  &lt;3 . Lots of love?.
last night was greattttt  fuck yeahhhhhh we won
just closing the night with a beer at the 'vintage' n loud bit  one can actually see the stars from walla walla. i m soop coming back.
ilys @Beyy's distant relative tooo.. that one i got the best cuddle off last night  and abbeyyy... *raises hand* ily
@bessonlam eventually i know how to reply lah  i had great great night w/ u n kajeh yeah ! looking forward to our movie day tmr =P
great night. I got to hug the crush of my life AND got his number  I am so happy!
Just had an amazing evening with someone who made me realize good guys exist.  Wish the night never ended 
@DavidArchie ,The black one your wearing last night. Just a remembrance.  &lt;3 . Lots of love?
@DavidArchie ,The black one your wearing last night. Just a remembrance.  &lt;3 . Lots of love?
im back... ohhh... still thinking about the concert last night ... tsktsk... 
@DavidArchie ,The black one your wearing last night. Just a remembrance.  &lt;3 . Lots of love?
had a successful night w girlfriend 
ah...that was a good shower  now off to bed....good night everyone!!
@erin82883 mustang idiot, and some ice machine fights. oh yeah.  haha. good night all in all. 
Going to sleep...night everybody 
i just got so excited when they played last resort at the bowling alley  that like made my night!
@jmac777 @lilcreolesd @thatdope @lexercise im going to sleep nighty night 
3 turn off words topic was a great one! i am so joining in on more topics in the future! goonight to all those night owls out there 
no hangover  which is surprising considering i was sooooooooo drunk last night haha, good night though xx
thank goodness the night turned around  goooodnight!
back @ his late night spot....kitchen 24 in hollywood....wrapping up the vening with the gang! 
Is home somehow  night &lt;3
@ADMCDOWELL enjoy the euros last night  i don't know what time we are coming but we have to go to a friends birthday tonight
i'm so obsessed with last night's winning song  aww bless  you would never guess he is 23  http://bit.ly/DnU5v
oh what a night!!! 
just got home from the clubbb. im a night owl 
@Morrica oh sounds like a really nice evening 
Off to bed, night everyone 
Amazing night with the boyfriend 
one too many mudslides last night, keeping me awake at 3:45am in the morn 
is recovering from last night! such a good night though everyone! happy 18th amy  xx
@tibibit haha, how fun was that party last night. congratulations on getting arrested. 
is charging the camera for tomorrows nights celebrations!! 
@RonJeffries Questions like this are what keep a fiscal conservative/social liberal like me up at night. 
@GiulianaCurto9 i think me &amp; uu and josh and bbrin are the only ones who thought it was the best night eveeer! which it was 
@MooTheSuperCow that's great for me. plus it's cheap night too  thankyouuu
@yohannamusic You were amazing last night! I was quite sad you didnt win, but #2 was really good  Congrats! You're the best 
@robbieg8s But he was much cuter than the clash.  They dug out their best looking bloke for the night.
Guess what cute little girl slept from 10-3 and 3-8!!  What a great night of sleep!!!
@kisma hahahhaa thats a sign of a good night 
@DorsGG (i like this)  sounds like a night we all need  
going to bed now...  night yall
fair was good  the strangers and other scary films are however not! :| loved last night and this morning :') bgt in bed now xx
fight pit, crowd surfing and a high 5 from olly = perfect night 
is watchin twilight for the 7th night in a row 
evening now in abu dhabi, time for the girls night routine to start! in an hour and a half lights will be out and the house quiet again! 
@DavidArchie my friend Luigie had fun last night at your concert... 
i slept like a little angel last night 
so sleepy...  got a bunch of stuff for graduation last night 
a bird flew into my bathroom last night !?! 
@Zidapi my spelling is as bad as my drinking abilitys.  Have a good night!
I'm up and I have surived with no signs of stupidness from last night.  It seems to be a good day 
says good night  http://plurk.com/p/ud40e
says good night everyone... don't forget to visit my blog: http://kelvinonian.com  http://plurk.com/p/udhka
wowaaa busy night last night  totallly slept it off and is ready to say bye to the fam for the weeek woopyeahhh!!
so tired! early night with a mug of tea nd and old film me thinks 
laughing all night long!! hahahaha 
 loving the fact that my new roommate wants to make dinner for me every night lol
pretty much loves the band the friday night boys 
working my my essay and eatting my left over chicken wings I made last night..  yummmy!
last night's party was insane. total fun,. 
just woke up... fun night last night/this morning... definitely gotta do that again... free fun is always the best 
@jhcanby i was sick that night sorry...but it looks like i got the sand out and karma got your tonsils after mine, haha 
ok m saying again good night to you 
weekend's nearly over...no fun! loved our 2 hour phone call last night @LouMcQ wine went down well! 
http://twitpic.com/5dega us last night!  @Feekaholic is always the cutest date 
being productive then fun night with the whole fam 
Its my birthdayyyyy  and i partied a little to hard last nigth it wasnt prettty
favorite part about last night.. getting attention from guys while u sat and watched 
haha...flash backing to last night and green shirt kid 
is on catchup with britains got talent from last night 
had an amazing time at prom last night! i have some pretty awesome friends 
@Trace027 gooood evening  good here ta &amp; you?
Going to sort out food, watch some torchwood, then hopefully an early night 
had a wonderful night with friends, chatting till the sun came up 
@kirsty016 yes good night I hope we can chat again soon 
@ChrisReg hahahaha!! I just remembered.. I washed u in basketball, so I did get some braging rights for the night. 
Shares a bday with sugar ray  &amp;had the best night ever last night!!!!
@bchapman88 oh no I wish those were gone even at the party last night. I got some cupcakes to go though!! 
@lorjeztutt I hear ya.  I had a very epic, memorable night myself.  
@Dojie lmfao  gd thing is leave it over night and thte skittle disolve 
work was great last night, nice people  having a relaxing sunday
i will learn all night :/ i haaate schoool! tomorro cinema 
first time going to o'malley's last night and it was pretty cool, felt like i was back in london  cheers, mate!
is in the state finals, tuesday night 
after quite a crazy night, spending the evening in  after being teary watching the sex and the city movie again!
another amazing night; 
no sleep last night, long nap today, bike ride, then guest list-making. I love my future in-laws!! 
seriously about to pass out from exhaustion -- crazy night with my mbd's ! i adore themm 
mmmmm late night snacks are the best 
I'm aiming for an all-nighter! 
good night ppl 
@theRaychul so jealous you all got to hang out today! I still feel like someone punched me in the stomach from last night 
I'm watching planet terror and drinking cheap champagne. Nothing but the best on a sunday  night 
@enemyline well we will just have to make sure it's a night that suits everyone  cool, i'm excited.
@werwatchingu OK I guess I'll see you guys later good night 
@arnab_deka definitely a block, but I'm through with about 3/4 of my essay now  - still will be a late night... I'm losing motivation!
Settling in for a long night of work. Lots of fun stuff in store for the night. 
my update counter said 666 so I am now posting. I know it's just a number but still........good night 
NOW I SHOULD sleep. or try to.  night.
@JocelynJupiter ..i bet you will...physco haha...did i spell it right? im too tired to check...night blayr-witch-project 
@nyramohamad we can make it like a weekly routine!  every saturday, we'll go there and forget about school stuff just for the night 
i can barely breathe in this room! it's so stuffy in here. yawwwwnnnnn. going 2 go find something to do. nighty night 
getting ready to watch in plain sight before I sleep..have a good night all 
@cow12boys3 i wish you the best, darling. enjoy your night! love you  @madcoolhp2 it's been a gas-thanks! have a great night!
 night my loves p.s hope everyone effected by the earthquake is safe my prayers r with u ^.^
@siffy nighty night 
I just want to dance the night away and forget about all my worries 
Just your smile makes my night. 
@mark_ca either way, since it's the middle of the night I'll take it as a sign to go to bed now 
@younglazy sounds chill! just keep me posted. night boy 
@ericaisrich studying! but thank goodness, may sideline too!  i caught the eurovision finals last night! laugh trip! hahaha.
@ddlovato just watched camp rock last night, u were really great mitchie! 
ok everyone have a great night be on in the morning  @DonnieWahlberg @joeymcintyre xoxoxo night luv u
is about 2 go 2 sleep, today couldnt have been any better, magic win, &amp; i had a great night! thanks i owe u 
@venkateshkumar yep! will b back in the evening! have 2 do some shopping! bye! 
@joyrosario hello maternal  you might have missed this last night. x http://bit.ly/27mYe
@sarahlay cheers sweetie omg wat a downward spirel last night not like me well it is but not often thankfully  still miss my moolie x
@jaymzstevens thought that was really nice  made me miss my 2 cos they away for the night.
@skater1987 i am good thank-you!  how are you? yess i am! it's a good night hehe
sleep comes for us all. goodnight twitter-land! (no cool links this time. maybe tomorrow night!) 
night twitter. i have a really nice bed waiting 
the gap year riot! and attack! attack! were both awesome last night...glad i made the last minute trip to glasgow last night!! 
Haha  havin a good buzzed night 
@explosivityy i rewatched the trailer like 7 times last night, like this - :O just. man. i cant wait 
@NonameJane I'm sure you'll get your sexy abs of steel soon, but def nice to cut loose last night 
is homee from an unforgettablee night in the dirty dirtyyyyy  back to work I goo!!!! FUCKKKKK! I hate my jobbbb
@m_ford lol - whoops - good evening! actually, it is almost gm there!! 
is incredibly overtired, i'm blowing off supernatural to sleep... this is a rare event. good night all 
going to eat some macaroni and going to bed... yes it's almost 7am... I do web at night... 
off to iowa again. spent the night in a hotel room cuz we're homeless. hopefully we'll get everything figured out today 
it felt like we had A/C again last night...that was great sleeping times 
having a hell good night  my head has finally stopped hurting and i am enjoying the new music that finished downloading last night 
Best sleep in weeks last night. There's nothing like a cool evening and a cozy blanket...and a husband snoring in my face 
good sleep last night  download more music, clean the house, dance like a fanny while doing it = good times!
is so tired but, fuck it, it was a good night 
@FatCheekz see how all that late night hangin out have u feelin in the morning lol 
bobo time  night everyone.
@txmander I hate the rain....grrrr I texted you last night. We shall talk later 
remembering a very fun mtg night with friends 
@Chopsticka42 you can never have too much wow  but yes, that (and some board games) are the reason for my late night
says good night, guys!  http://plurk.com/p/uku39
thinks girls aloud are amazing live!  such a good night last night.
at the cinema last night watching angels and demons with bekka and tobias.. stayed up all night with bekka having fun 
just woke up from napping away th cool evening 
desperate housewives was good last night 
says babye. good night. so sleepy.  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/ul40r
I hope i ruined both of your lives friday night 
@sparkling_gold 'cause I'm reading the books  And I gotta read before turning off the lights at night ;)
good night everyone. 
Still feeling pretty sleepy.. but lookink 4ward for my shoping night 
Is off to see amy! i've missed amy like so much too! and we get to watch twilight! what a great night! 
i'm off to dreamland. have a great night  http://bit.ly/8G3d
going home on a wet and miserable newcastle night..should that be knight? 
@virtuousnumber9 good night sis 
i'm happy i didn't do anything stupid last night. that being said, i loved being drunk 
I'm gonna stay up all night so i cann sleep all day on the river tomoro 
My eyes are of the tired but spent a good night talking and getting to be more of a friend and less of a casual with a cool Twimbly. 
@Jshox hope you had a good night and don't go to bed too late k!  nighty night &lt;3
@MzAlize2009 that's cool  i didn't mean to knock you at all... i was just getting frustrated last night by adam fans that were so upset
going off to bed.. have a wonderful night everybody 
lexy - novice  this has been keeping me up all night. i need to get up early... damn
@DBMRECORDS LOL so true...  thanks for checking it out though.  I need my beauty sleep so night! 
home. what a night. ended with tequila and funk...and pizza 
officially a graduate! it was an awesome night! 
@marteyo haha, no worries sweetie! I've been busy every night anyway 
my #couchsurfing guests left this morning, but another pair is coming later 
yay for resurrection? now for a night at the pub 
getting ready for college. good morning twitter. last night was niceee 
is finally off to bed at 3 something in the morning...tonight was one great night, thanks to my college friends...  
@kezwre hey guys!!!! nice chattin last night  see you soon... with sago!
I got a cute girl's number last night. She was wearing a hat 
just getting home.. i had an awsome night. hope there is another night like this 
spending the night in and enjoying the warmth of a cup of tea 
yay. sleepover.  only because its easier and we have emma's thing tomorrow night.  yay.
@teejay0109 i hope too. have a good night rest babe, LOL 
back to lalaland after a great night with a few wonderful people 
is going to sleep, good night everyone 
tonight was the best night ever    unfortunately, i need to be up in like, 2 hours to go to the hospital for blood tests.
hoping for a good night out at the new club tonight, woody will be buying 
yay dinner time!  thanks mummy! nice sis bonding = job-applying &amp; movie night with ez tonight  lol nice
is having a lazy night in with chinese food and trash tv 
@jakob_ing Haha nice. defs a snuggly friday night... so cold.  make sure you relax
@RAEKWONICEWATER I'm having a bad man night tonight. I'm not in the mood to peep any shouts, but if you mean retweet i'll do that for you 
had such a headach last night, thank god for @AlexMaine he fount me my meds. 
@sisutcliffe I was out mon- wed, party here last night. I often choose be home on a friday 
@travisthetrout great night, yes!!!  sorry about the hangover!
I will be spending the night with my wonderful woman tonight no matter what! even if it means watching chick flicks 
@gobo2905 I tried it last night in my insomniac period and it works perfectly, gonna burn it later  thanks
@eileenb yes, dinner was very interesting last night - thanks for coming 
*oh yes it's ladies night and the feeling's right, oh yes it's ladies night, oh what a night*  going out with my best friend tonight *yay*
@Kiwiartist I generally always say night b4 I tweet off if I've been conversing with a few peeps - I'm multitasking 
hangover, meetings and deadlines dont mix. rough morning. on the other hand, heartbreak surpassed amazing last night!!!!!! 
a movie night? sounds great..... 
Launch time  teaching from 2 to 6 ...then pink night XPPPP and I hate pink lol
100 crunches and 40 pushups last night. It wasn't a glorious start but I had a raid. 
night out tonight... after so long havent went out drink with fellow colleage drinkers.. 
keen as for tomorrow night   also, one of my spacers snapped in my mouth ahahah.
@GirlsWithWings I packed both black and brown, will decided the night I need it! 
@amy_wright now behave - I haven't let you off from last night 
direct @alena2285 yea who knows what will go down! tomorrow night though will be a big party at rjs!! 
20% battery left on iphone so its nighty night for me im afraid  going to watch good old twilight i reckon lol  work tomorrow!!! ))
what a lovely day. had the best night sleep ever. drinking an ice coffee &amp; workin to 5 
@lfkb20 the true showing of a good night.....capped off by a piece of pizza 
I love prue  best night in forever, defs doing this every friday.
night at the museum 2 okeeeeeee  ngakak gue
had such a good time at the fundraiser last night...I love my job 
Gorgeous party last night...but I left it to eat pizza with my love!!! 
Just woke up from having an excellent night...pictures are going to be up soon. 
restaurant citying on a saturday night 
good night everybody  :-h
@AaruC @the100rabh pl do spare @psam. I have also bunked my evening shift for this match.. we are on the same boat 
@waitmel hell yes it's going to be a late night!! 
@darlingnikki08 @tommytrc I saw posts from him too last night....must have taken a break to unclog the stream. 
@MISS_KROCK oh it burned down last night ..... 
need to sleep early  night everyone :p
ok  good night all..............  
was up all night in a battle of wills against his development kit. It lost. 
is home with @dgdumlao  movie night!
Setting up twitter on phone so I can report in on investigation tomorrow night. 
i need to sleep now. night everyone 
@cozbaldwin @stephsedor @Charizardi hehehe the best way to end my night 
@kristinelongo I don't know....I learned a lot from all the in-fighting I did with my siblings  LOL  have a good night tweet more 2morrow 
good night twitter people &lt;3 
Getting ready 2 call it a night. Today was very emotional and needed a call to action,thus the update barrage  have a good night friends!
So.its 1130 at night and i can't sleep. I have decided my walls are strangley empty and boring. Arts and crafts time 
I need to get a soul train line going on up in my house.. I'm about to be listening to music all night... it's been a minute... 
Hitting the sack, yall have a good night! ((((HUGS)))) and prayers to all that need them. 
Nothing like the high desert night sky... 
good night good night! xoxo till tomorrow!!!!  besos!
had a good night, i love talks with my best buddy 
@xoclarity bingo! U know how to make someones night. 
too...many...BROWNIESSS. ughh i'm going to bed. nighty night twitterers 
back from a concert.....of to beddd! i so sleppy zzzzzzzzzzzz  nighty night!
Its nice that [you] has a phone now... makes the night ALOT more interesting 
@britttgriffith if I were the kid at the desk, I would mess with your head all night.. on top of all the extra &quot;guests&quot; 
@ToniKaras glad 2 know there's someone like u looking out for him. Thanks for the update, have a great night. 
too much drama for one night, thx... going back to studying 
another late night. give me some ideas on some cool celebs to follow 
night. @danifinn random nice people 
screw jon and kate! its all about leann and pablo.....they made my night 
had a fun night 
@southbel what was it you were telling me the other night about not engaging the trolls?  
It's always a joy to get called in the middle of the night 
@danecook I dreamed about those abs the other night  
going to my east side  apt to go night night in the nude LOL LOL LOL 
Watching Almost Famous &amp; drinking sleepy time tea...nighty night 
going bed..  good night everyone
haveing a fun night with lizzie 
Thanks be to @argblue for making late night eggs for me. 
@deoxyribose the instrumental was also used in the prison break episode that was set the night of the escape, remember?  
 niccis here. last night shes here though. =/.
AMAZING. SIMPLY AMAING! what a great night 
@ElementsOfJazz the night crew is the special crew. I think He wanted me to bask in the glow of excellence  hoping some would rub off  
is singing a lullaby for my daughter, night everybody 
Studying all night, text me happy birthdays at 12 
@BigCitySunshine nighty night 
@georgiom i prefer the term magically borrowed...good night everyone 
I'm actually tired  nighty night
@tommcfly the end of that day diserves a new song  thank you all for everything, can't express my love and admiration. night night xx
got back from the valley at 9 this mornin :S never drinkin again! what a great night 
@shigawire Why not? I totally would. In fact, I'm stealing that and keeping it in reserve for my next sleepless night. 
Phones dying.. And tatianas spending the night 
good night tweeters, sweet dreams 
@ShellyKramer Getting better here - climbing out from under a head ache on a night off, but the T-verse is helping me with it! 
It was a dark and stormy night...  love it!
@whiskeyrose7 night night sweet dreamz 
justt danced my heart outtt.  tierd and readyy for bedd. senior luau tomarrow and dance showw night 2 
finally done w/hw for the night!  i think ill watch a movie...
@DavidArchie u deserve it! I night night! Haha. I'm going to too 
@cascandar My excitement will likely keep me awake all night in bewonderment of what good tidings his hobo ass will bring. 
definitely giving my liver some rest 2morrow night seriously who party's on a friday? lol knight tweeps 
@RoxyDe...good night lady 
dad bought me new stereo! sing and dance all night! yay! 
Just Got home from ladies conference night one  wonderfull night 
finished my epoch; chaa yeah. good night 
had alot of fun last night at the casino....days like that should happen more often 
Getting ready for sleepy time. I had a nice night, with my momma and my sissies. 
Nothing like a late-night walk and personal conversation with one of your more enigmatic roommates to top off the day. 
Such a fun night for @jennanicole!! Thanks @christybaird for throwing the party  xoxo
@Momto3blessings nighty night darling  ps i had fun tonight helping out !
night awesome people! but gotta go to sleep 
i prefer driving at night, it's much prettier 
Just said good night  to the best fran 
@jennysmyname http://twitpic.com/661mb - i love it! suuuch a fun night  it was awesome meeting you girls. and i love the shirts 
@HipNihilist So that means you might indeed be knitting, if you do lie about what you do at night... 
es in the morning  .. night everyone!
had a great opening night, and a fun time afterwards! 
lookin forward to a quiet night in babysitting &amp; cross stitching 
ahhhh what a wonderful night.... 
Long night with babe 
just got home from musiq soulchiild &amp; anthony hamilton's concert. great night. music made love to me. I need cold shower, good night 
going to bed soon after some youtube surfing... night all! sweet dreams! 
@jillianyson we should go sometime!  and what are you doing tmo night?
I enjoy late night conversations, no matter how awkward they can be at first 
good night world, and as always, stay snazzy 
everything packed! leaving to sao paulo tomoz [i mean, later today]...  night night, twitters.
good night everyone 
awesome thunder storm last night!!! loved it 
@chickthatbeads beautiful weather? ya 10pm at night ... 
according to @soverpeck, i need to bring my cape and nunchuks friday night. no worries...i'm up to the challenge...lol 
Another evening at the ballfield... gotta love the game... 
good night with my mamas 
enjoying the night watching blink 182 videos 
just got woken up by a special call   back to bed I got night night twitter...see u in like an hour when I'm off to the gym
@starsparkle called the non emergency police no. Last night so it's all logged 
@vaxen_var no, just a few mins ago  good night, storm chaser...
good night everyone. 
@runnerrunner + @owlcity (&lt;3) + @relientK = best night of my life. definite win. being squished by sweaty people was so worth it. 
@Boydian monday night. desperate housewives x 2 + scrubs = 
@mileycyrus i have that same problem about staying up all night and sleeping until really late...anyways love your music 
@madpierrot  jooooon. and linking pictures to beer bottles. obviously his thursday night was wilder than mine.
is happy with the win last night, well done girls 
Home after an amazing night with my best friends 
@HarryHarley LOL ~ now I understand why you're on here all day long; you're da boss! Have a good night! 
went to www.britmilfit.com/ last night... feel like ive been beat up - was great though 
back from da night club.. awesome night! 
@MaryJoRs awww thanks yeah its been a tiring night so I have decided its a no chacha night 
Beer and a massage. What a night 
@ghengis317 yay for good night sleep and date  i had none of those but i still slept pretty well :p
