Most common words for this cluster:
[('night', 1193), ('evening', 117), ('day', 81), ('morning', 63), ('tonight', 45), ('hours', 40), ('sleepless', 29), ('week', 28), ('http', 26), ('com', 25), ('time', 25), ('lol', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'night', 0.9787867665290833), (u'evening', 0.8472179770469666), (u'afternoon', 0.7510090470314026), (u'morning', 0.7065789699554443), (u'nights', 0.6866388320922852), (u'Saturday', 0.6783530712127686), (u'tonight', 0.6397808790206909), (u'Sunday', 0.6316537857055664), (u'weekend', 0.6244094371795654), (u'Friday', 0.6079294681549072)]





I'm stuck awake in the middle of the night for the second day in a row. And I felt terrible yesterday. 
@OfficialRandL when is the announcement? i stayed up late last night 
@gigdiary I know -  was a little depressed that we ate so much last night there were no leftovers today 
It was a sleepless night 
@un1xnut if only I didn't work an evening/night job 
just spent the last half hour making a playlist for tonight... it's going to be a long night 
first cold night of the year 
@tinchystryder me and my mates waited 2 hours for you last night and you just walked past !  dissapointed tinchy...
I spent all of last night waking up every 30 seconds because I was nervous about registration 
My throat is worse this morning than it was last night. I thought I was past this 
Fever broke in the middle of the night, but its rising again 
@michelfortin I can see it now... I was having similar issues last night 
is waiting for the groginess to wear off from his late night darvocet last night 
Last night was fun!! but now i have bruises 
@embeast   I went to bed at like 9pm last night.  or well, passed off on my sofa
Wow, last night was the worst night of my life 
what a night!! studying all day now  then bartending at 11
I should sleep longer than only this 3 hours last night  So than my only thing to say for now is good night!!
I slept last night, but then I slept in all day. 
@Biansta Aww, you've ruined my evening 
@ionPhoto d00d...i so failed in hitting u back last night 
There was a party I was supposed to go to this afternoon. I wish I wouldn't have ruined my day by not sleeping last night. 
good night and it's still only day four 
I thought I was going to get a night to myself for once. Just me &amp; my book. 
@mslujan  .. no fair.. w/e ... night ;)
i don't know if i should just go to sleep or to stay up tonight since it is the last night of spring breakk   
essay writing for the night...yipee 
Getting ready for the night! So sad my partner in action won't be joining me tonight 
had a horrible night - got a flat tire, made me miss a deadline 
Hungover...very!  This is what you get for partying and drinking and dancing all night... I don't regret a minute though!
@fabulousmiranda hey women. sorry I didn't hit u back last night. I'm soooooo sicky!!!  I can't breff
@nighttimberwolf Last night together!  good night twitterers
Doesn't like the tiredness in the morning from the night before 
Long night last night but not as long as tonight will be in work 
Barely slept last night, have a migraine now...must be allergies and windows open all night! 
so mad at myself for not giving that kid my number the other night!  he was so cute....
sickkkk from the pump party last night  !
@DoubleEdgeSword it hit me before I even went to bed last night! I'm thinking of ways to get out of it 
I couldn't fall asleep last night. Now I'm gonna be up all day 
Last night in jersey 
@ErinMabe I can't sleep either... very sick this evening... 
I don't understand why I struggle with fatigue so much during day shift, compared to night.  I ache all over 
Another paper due, another long night.... 
I just remembered what happened to me last night. I was once again attacked by my stupid allergies! I hate it SO MUCH! SO SO MUCH 
i didnt drink enough last night to feel this ill this morning 
is so sleepy... having to put my @signtific efforts to bed for the night 
@StephanieSar  From my experience, sleeping 5-10 just makes me want to sleep more during the night. 
It's not our night, we've been here for 2 hours and still haven't sung 
The sky did not clear all night 
@maaaarit The videos I got last night aren't very good  I'll try again tonight for you!
Not another sleepless night. 
@akr93  it was a really good night! i got proper drunk like
At work drilling a hole on night shift on a saturday night!! 
I was up all night with cramps... 
i'm so fucking pathetic. it's been one night and i already miss him  what am i going to do when he's away for a week?
So last night I fell asleep for a nap but apparently I ended up sleeping through the night 
ahh working all day and night 
had an amazing night last night and wished she wouldn't have gotten so close to people so late in the year 
hub on night shift 
two softball games last night. horrible 
I've been doing so many night shifts now that it is fucking impossible for me to sleep at night on my nights off 
some how broke my phone last night... no good! 
Typical, laid wide awake most of the night and now it's time to get up I could sleep for a week!!!! 
@majorlyposh i miss you too! One week til the last chim night for a while 
needs to learn how not to nap so that she can sleep at night. 
pretty amazing night if I do say so myself..   Why does college have to be over?! 
suffering after last night!! 
would like to thank the gobshites upstairs for finally going to sleep!!! most annoying night here ever!!!! 
good party last night... however paying for it today 
Our house was robbed last night. 
Last night was the worst night of my life 
lost my phone last night downtown 
Such a late night last night... I'm too tired to do stuff today!  lol
is disappointed about such a short fight last night 
@mileycyrus i wish i could go!  but that's my prom night!
Morning all. LOOOOONG night, and I have to work in a few hours 
weekend is nearly gone ...  ... 3.50 the night will be over
not feeling real good... I may have to call it a night... after I finish my homework 
It was  a nightmare...a terrible night 
@joeymcintyre i would love to be there but i have to work so i will be watching u on the web later on that night.. 
How is sleep still evading me when i only got 4 hours last night? I wish i didn't have to open at 8 
afternoon of figures  #underbelly finale tonight. can't wait for dinner.
have a very sore throat after mcfly last night. amazing night though. my skirt fell down 
good morning. I had a bad night ...I woke up 10 times...  What about you? had a good night of sleep?
sleeping all day, working all night 
@hollieleanne i miss you  havent spoken since last night.. i hope we arnt breaking up! :O u said long distance would work!
Is propper gutted the heat went out last night 
what a day...can't sleep last night because of my stupid foot 
working a 12hr night shift 
stayed up way too late last night. really tired here this morning 
@ayat you can say it's the evening here 
I coulda swore it was halfway charged last night! I guess it was playing in my pocket this morning 
is having a really ruff evening. 
Just woke up in the middle of the night.I'm sick !!! 
@alexthefob1991 you're lonely day and night? 
Unfortunately, because of the busy day and busy night, no slumber party night tonight and therefore no spn this week at all 
went to 3 clubs last night and is paying for it today  lol
Visiting the doctor @ evening 
it's her last night at lpc.  til next year.
MORNING! fun night out last night, work soon booo! 
I was soooo tired yesterday I fell asleep on the couch last night and woke up @ 4pm to go bed 
@bradherman  I wishh I could! I'm not a good sleeper @ night
has been flooded with memories most of this past evening and middle of the night. 
The night is young! I'm not tired just bored from being sober 
Just got out of bed :o  I had the worst nightmare last night 
Morning twiterites! I hope you all had a wonderfull evening last night. I toked hash and bud all afternoon and passed out before 9:30! 
good morning and good night ;) weekend holiday is over soon... 
@SoGlamorized @inELLEwetrust  i couldnt see last night when i tried to clean up and whatnot, idk wtf was going on  i think i need glasses
Is enjoying time with my mom this morning. Last night was crazy...my dog was sick the whole night 
is relaxing one last night before I have to get back to reality. 
@shawdiee_hunn what happpen u aint hit me back last night 
Ugh, I have the urge to get high every night now!! 
@jenniferdodd and i miss swt too  it will at least be nice to be on campus one night a week - until i get sick of the drive.
my feet hurtttt  final in the morning and work at night
My dogs have been barking more than usual lately. It makes me nervous at night. 
Another sleepless night! ~ 
Going to force myself to sleep ... I rather work on some art ...  .... but i know if I start now I'll be up all night
@haydencglass hey hayden sorry i couldn't make it to the meeting last night  felt really crook ..
stupid storms kept me up last night  
Not long up, bad night last night, all nighters are not the best of ideas, when you want to get to sleep the next night. 
another sleepless night 
Nothing quite like spending all night working on a project... Especially when you have a final the next morning 
too many margaritas last night 
Finally! Almost the end of the week! It's concert night tonight! Coming home late! Thunderstormy too. 
@hummingbird604 I totally thought we'd see you last night... 
@kenstaude I actually missed it last night  I was an episode behind from being on vacay last week so had to watch that one instead!
well, i guess he'll never play it @glossymom  i will def. request it next time! i guess i'll turn it for the night. good night to you all!
is my last night with soda 
had an awesome night last night. however this morning wasnt too great 
Last night in champaign 
And sooooo the night begins. I'm going to miss it 
@AudreyLizeth dunno what it is.  LOL.  But you can normally tell the next day if I drank too much the night before 
Ughhh last night = bad choice 
Never nap at seven at night even for just an hour. I can't sleep at all. 
Home alone for the night. 
well...im off now i wont be back on 2night going to watch the notebook...no 1 to watch it with  haha
@eyeampenelope We started to get a storm last night then it stopped 
is doing a run of three night shifts starting tonight 
I had an awesome time last night, but I'm definitely feeling it this morning. 
yesterday it was a boring night 
last night of youth group 
didn't win the lotto last night. back to work 
I guess wearing heels last night payed off, I have a cholie horise in my leggg 
didn't get to race last night. needs to read animal farm for english 
@ajrafael @andrewagarcia @Dustynaka @jazzrazzmatazz @nessaxmariee @RBizzzle  and others that I don't follow  nice night
This night shift is killing me.. lost my watch last night too.. 
last night insomnia again.. now very very sleepy 
@scooterwastaken @alyssasaiddance aww us and maysea need a reunion night 
took the afternoon off because of the sick. now going back for night class. 
GAAA another sleepless night 
@bitebackx I miss colin too  and i missed rove last night, was frank good?
What a terrible night... only one child slept well - which means we had rough night too. 
@MichMich i had a good night watching basketball but i pretty much know how you feel... Brakkediebrakbrak... 
only got about 4 hours sleep last night 
had a horrid day, still have a headache, night not getting much better 
great night last night, so so tired this mornin though 
I need to sleep but I'm wide awake! It happens every night at this time. I should have gone to bed at 11 when I was actually sleepy 
urgh. i feel awful.  was sick a few times in the night. 
i am just extremely sick. have been in bed the whole night and day. couldn't get up. 
working on my annual report...will be a looonnggg night... 
cold morning- sleepless night 
@mileycyrus I felt the quake, it didn't make me fall asleep all night 
@herojaejoong : good night ^^, so sad that i cant go to your concert 
that patron was unnecessary last night. I'm drowsy 
@kesouthall looks like a very wet evening ahead 
 i lost my 021 charger last night 
This 2 to 3 hours asleep at night just isn't work 
Not shit to do for the rest of the night 
@amysav83 I'm so tired  long hours this week and not been sleeping too great.  how was the night shift??
i went to bed and thought i could sleep the night away .. i was wrong .. dead wrong! 
@Nokorola I can't I am falling asleep.  night night
Another sleepless night 
another sleepless night....ughhhhh..... 
ILM kept me up all night  I will never pass it
My flower from the green night is wilting 
Up!  LOL packing... It's to early for the late night I had!
never have i ever thrown up in the morning after a night of heavy drinking..... until just now...  my 21 year streak is over
@auditorycanvas Oh  - I'm away this weekend, so I might have to be up all night to get it done!
@MisterBinAZ I knew I shouldn't have eaten those onioin rings last night, but they looked so tasty! 
slept 3 hours  i can never sleep after a night like that
it's soooooo warm and nice outside and i have to tidy my house and get ready for the night 
I lost my ring.  @AshleyyU haha I watched that last night
@SayTay : thx! It has been hard but last night was only 45 minutes of crying compared to almost 1 hour and 45 minutes the night before. 
@mistergeezy yuuup! for the next couple wkends or so too. lol i was s'posed to go to dc last night too, but i passed out early 
@iheartLH I didn't get to say goodbye last night 
@alipaly haahha I was thinking that this morning! Except I didn't get any lovin last night and I didn't kiss you goodbye 
. finishing my essay late night 
Ugh worst sleeping night ever I have to be up in 5 hours and still can't sleep! 
@omgitsafox @Kikirowr @stellery ladies. it's time for this dorf to go to bed.  night. night.
@Kaitikins that was me last night  I would come sit with you if I was there!
in another hotel  ... i miss my bad. night.
What a day/night. I couldn't even look at him w/o crying  I love you baby, stay strong!
@KevinsPlectrum probably hired the equipment for that one night 
Wing night tonight.  
Most horrible ending to a night ever, ended up with me throwing myself down a sloap on arthers seat to get to somebody, so much pain now 
how do i get rid of coughs? this one likes to keep me up at night 
one night down  watching cod... not much time left
Last night in my apartment 
I have drunk hickups. I had a pretty laid back, great night. But I still can't help but be mad about the situation I put myself in 
I just got mad tired so no sex  sleepytime night!
Just awoke in a completely freaked out frantic frenzy.  It's going to be a long night.
3-4 hours sleep last night  barely functioning
I wish i could sleep past four a.m. on my nights off  good morning!
tonight was a very bad night 
@karmachord alas no, it's just a normal night  monday is quiz night
had a great time at six flags yesterday.. its summer   my friend spent the night last night and just left so now i'm bored..
night nurse!! :S 
I forgot to charge my cell last night and now it's dead 
is all alone for the evening! 
Maybe I should go see the other 4 movies as matinee's this week. I don't go in until 4pm as it's my night shift week coming up. 
had a really weird night last night and misses her friends 
it's friday night. i'm home. no party this weekend 
seniors done  5 more days!! woohoo!! going out for the night.
lovely, my plans have been canceled for the night. another night home alone for me. un-yay 
missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!  hot dogs for dinner then who knows what the evening holds!
WOW huge night last night. And huge headache. 
Yet another i-10 accident...and on date night of all nights 
relaxing evening to a very long week   Prayers for the Burleighs'
Its a great night for baseball although were losing 
It's official: this house is terrifying at night 
@CodeRedWard such a good song! We missed you last night 
@roudy4561 i've been on all day and night  i need to stop being so fucking addicted
@TwistedHelen i was tooooo tired to function last night 
This supposed to be great night has turned into a very saddening and frustrating experience 
I'm sad I wish I was at six flags 4 grad night 
@L33Tdpunk I am currently missing the late night treks 
@dhollinger D'aw, night night! Nothing planned here except trying for blizzcon tickets again 
I went to sleep late again last night... and now I'm paying.. 
getting ready for the soccer night 
@tommycalvo i didn't get married tonight  good night!
pizza from last night is not agreeing with me ... 
Just found out my server was down last night.... not good 
didnt get to go to the one night stand 
Withdraws, Been up all night 
i had a terrible evening. 
i was weak...and i paid the price...last night was not a good night. 
@diamondgrl728 ...     why was the evening frustrating ?
All bruised from my fall down the stairs last night 
had such a fun night last night. leaving for the beach tonight! so much to do 
@secretXeyes that night at the museum isnt as good as one! 
Getting ready to waste this beautiful evening working 
I have a feeling it was just a one night stand, and that I don't mean as much to him as I thought I did. 
has completely stuffed up my attempt to sleep through the night.......stupid night shift job 
interesting night. homework now.... all weekend 
Ugh, can't believe I missed multi night 
Suffering big time, can hardly walk or talk.. the morning after the night before without the night before... no fair 
i wish i went to starlight last night!!! 
@alljazzzyC next week. the 7th  i knowww where were you last night?!
Is sad that the cubs don't play until night. I wanted an afternoon game tomorrow 
if tonight night shift doesn't go fast this might be my last tweet i hate night shifts i miss sleeping at night 
right i'm off to bed...in bed before 11 on a sat night, how sad??!! 
@kathrynlucy i am too  i think i'm missing them all. by last night i even ended up enjoying the first act!
@hawkdude56 I ended up working in the evening, so I was stuck inside.  Last evening shift and today's my last weekend shift for a while!
spending the night at the hospital 
I ate late snacks last night. I'm getting fat  Wjat should I do?
It's a beautiful evening. If only my sweetheart were here to share it with me 
Hoping the night goes by fast.  As of now, it is not  #fb
@Arhum I really hate resetting my clock. I woke up this morning to realize the power went out last night and I still haven't reset it. 
Last night in the dorm... 
last night in the apartment 
I wish I could get drunk! Just for one night!!!!  soon enough I guess.....
@JuniesgurlIt's the last night for me to be online tonight 
@suanie rakuzen is not  but our regular jpn restaurant is....but we just had it last night!!!
@OsoupieO  I once spent a whole summer laying awake for hours every night. It sucks
had soooooo much fun at the Nuggets game last night even though they didn't win 
@jcj3582  I miss those mugs! sorry you didn't make my last night.
friday last night was fun.. i miss last night. i miss him  one in a million, never thought it'd happen.
is still in recovery  didn't even make it out last night.
feels like i had a hard night out last night but just watched the chiefs get there arses kicked 
Why cant i sleep at night like every other normal person 
damn xtra tired on a sat night 
@yamloh  i also fell asleep while watching night at the museum 2.. 
Its only 5:55pm and  i'm falling asleep!   probabaly because i only had 3 hrs sleep last night and had a big day?
My bike was nicked last night. Twunts 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night. 
stupid bed.. it broke.. slept on the floor last night 
@exampleyoutwit you were mint last night! but I didn't get a picture with you 
dennys with the boys one more night 
working 12 hour night shift 
Just woke up... I had a nightmare!  But last night was amazing anyway!
never ending weekend...the night goes quickly while the days drag on 
good morning. a beautiful day and i am sat inside revising  so glad diversity won last night
@TheRealMrRiley I soooo wanted flawless to win. Not based on last night's performance though 
starving in the middle of the night. 
I ate late snacks last night. I'm getting fat  What should I do?
@mumble_rosie but you survived the night! I'm sorry I fell asleep on you last night.  I suck.
is feeling the side effects of yesterday night 
groomer has it was SO intense last night. 
@poshsash that was a bad beat last night  we'll get em' next year!
tonight will be a sleepless night 
Trying to wake up - it's been a long, long evening here again. 
i was too excited for my bday i slept 4 hours last night haha 
Starting to remember parts of last night... ugh 
unfortunately oliver platt took the night off  but the understudy was very good.
@TempyUK I played about 2-3 hours of the main quest last night, and now I'm almost done 
feeling ill from the night out 
@khyrinthia I joined the chat late late late last night but you were already gone! 
@JavatheJunkie ew did you tell her to suck it? I missed you last night. I fell asleep due to evil cramps 
@xraytid I only have 522..  I lost like 7 in an hour last night lol
@TheKatoAgency I went last night..it was so fun. but i have to work tonight so i can't go 
It was a long night without Tufferance by my side. 
had a very awesome night and is paying the price for it now  i want the ballpool back
he left!  i saw the episode last night.
@skratty007 had the most intense night last night with the most deep conversations. Totally slept in..sorry about this morning! 
@RIKOtheKING I did not see you last night  it banged too what events u got this week?
last night was fun and then i lost my necklace 
@PlanetShaa im about to roll up and figure out my day just woke up had a long night burping 
And now i have to work for the rest of the night 
@YellOwPuddin i was @ home bored last night too  but i did enjoy having the spot to myself @clifsoulo needs to spend the night out often
my boddy is so sore  idk why. LOLLL so last night i snuck into a house &amp; today i had to sneak out how lovellyy ;) i miss my boyyy
the night &amp; the weekend is almost over for me, and most of you! 
i miss watching rove and it was only last night since i watched it 
So tired. slept really badly last night.. 
@afghanheadspin nope  night owl over the weekend haha slept during the day.. raved n djed in the night 
I need to learn that even though I love espresso after dinner, I don't love staying awake all night. 
is not feeling well today. didnt sleep much last night-had fever.. 
isnt feeling too good! had far too much to drink last night! 
up at  7 a.m. can't sleep...tossed &amp; turned all night...well through the 4 hours I managed to actually sleep.  what is up with me?
@CinnamonCloud just to try and keep cool!! didn't sleep much last night! too hot 
I'm wishing I could go back to sleep... I must have woken up every hour last night 
In summer classes WTF  so tired from a wild night last night
@as12x  - If it makes you feel better, I had trouble sleeping last night too. 
Just waking up....I feel like I got hit by a truck last night 
I think my laptop died last night 
@karawr I know the feeling, tonight has not been a good night  group misery
working all day long, while wishing I was curled up in bed...didn't get much sleep last night.... 
A little heartburn this morning. Shouldn't have celebrated so tough, so late last night. 
Ugh need coffee, did not sleep well last night 
watching the hills online because I missed it last night 
#twitfit put running off last night due to heat. can't do it again tonight. i can't even stand walking in this heat 
So I fell asleep during the second intermission last night because I felt sick. I woke up this morning with a bad earache  other ear, too.
@MrRathbone Did see you on TV last night?? Why? 
I Need to meet a deadline 2night so no sleep 
Waiting in hospital, they are behind schedule so it will be a long night 
Wants a early night 
review sesh for finite (kill me now) webwork and studying all night  tomorrow night will be VERYYYY interesting
@inimitable Just the night  that's about how far we drive every day.
sad to refer to twitter to try to remember details from the night before   
i missed the awards last night!  ... i cant belive it .. &lt;/3
I have a paper to write to night 
@karenfest haha just a wild weekend,was so depressed last night,just too much booze 
trying to change my picture to one from last night... its not working. 
@PoetikPoeta i hit u up earlier but u never hit me baaaack  plus last night i crashed out after exhausthion over the week
@quotergal I *love* to clean at night and now must be careful since I'm no longer in a basement. 
http://twitpic.com/6fsl4 - It was a sad night tonight #playoffbeard 
just woke up,, I screwed  my neck... what a night 
Last night at the stardust  I loved living in a motel for a month!!
Going to bed. I hope I don't wake up in the middle of the night 
another rainy night... drivers ed at 7:30 in the morning  supayuck!
I have put off cleaning up my house for long enough. I must do it now. That means I will be up all night 
in your prayers as you bring your night to a close.  I'll catch you on the otherside of the sunrise...night night and sweet dreams.
Yet another sleepless night turns into a sunny morning. 5 nights and counting 
Just racked myself on the side of my bed...not a good night for me 
@tempeste well you get to podcast soon so it's not so bad! I already did bed and bad tv night last night 
last keg night of the year 
Last Nights W.I: I got weighed last night and have lost 2.5lb in 2 weeks   Not great but i know why! .. and am more than http://is.gd/M7O0
@pirateesq I want to die cause I haven't slept well all night 
I gained a pound and a half last night.. is that even possible? 
such a hot evening 
Going for the night  Byeee tweeters! x
@kaveeta tell me about it...i just about managed to sleep for 4 hours last night 
Last night was real funz, chip is going to be a mercenary 
@MissPassion08 I kept waking up off and on last night too! I haven't been able to sleep through the night for some reason! 
ate too much last night 
@abbafan69  good morning! That was awesome last night with @crystalchappell on a tweet spree.  I went to bed too early. 
@teenscene no  i couldn't even go to youth group that night 
http://twitpic.com/6h35f - the night before her surgery 
@nunnie20  don't rub it in (pause) how was last night?
This was a very short free evening! 
Right I'm going to sleep now late nights are not proving to good for me right now i'm mucking up my sleeping clock  night night xxx
@LoBosworth its night here but been 28'c all day so still reli hot 
@LamiaLee 8 degree at night  by night I mean around 8 pm, and it's just the beginning of winter. I'm in need of more clothes
@sEnSaChAnElL I'll probably miss dinner.... so pissed.... I'm going to be so hungry 2night 
I hate having a free night to play WoW only to discover my server is down. 
I wish my neighborhood was safe so I could go running at night. 
Going to be a late night working on logos that I'm not fond of. 
And now cramps are kicking in...what a night! At least I had a pretty good day 
has no evening plans 
sleeping @ kims for the night--still no power 
@SpanishKabob your picture is still messed up from last night. 
My night is over.  booooo! playing house is not fun!
@ericjstar i didnt even sleep last night lol didnt even take a nap  and the storm hit lol
@imdrea have a good night- i'm just starting my day 
Last night before I have to turn in my laptop. 
No prayer night. I'm so sad. 
108 days till I get married and my stupid retainer broke last night 
@madeleinexo I'm so sad  slash I got 5 hours sleep last night, so will probably have crashed out by about 11 anyway!
says good evening!  http://plurk.com/p/y4eag
i couldn't sleep at all last night  maybe i'll get a nap in the early afternoon.
He haunts my dreams night after night. Whyyyy. 
4 night shift this week.... 
3 hours of sleep last night = exhausted me this morning.  
No fencing last night  ... and accidentally took a long nap last night so now im tired again this morning.
@luckybiatch I KNOW! The other night I had to explode with dairjoy and there was no one around to explode with me.  COMEBACKSOON!
I didn't hear the thunder last night! 
Off to take @SmashleyPants back to the airport.   @ModWheelMood was amazing last night!!!
another sleepless night. ahhhhhhhh 
had a good night last night but is cold, and my back is peeling 
i'm so tired  time to go to bed, night night
two more days, jfc. good night  http://plurk.com/p/yoxy9
tonight = early night. i'm shattterrreeed. 
again alone this evening 
It's raining on prom night 
@CyprZZ  I'll miss you tonight.   Hope your evening is productive.
Wow what a night! So much fun, to many calories  but a fab night
so teird stayed up so late partying all night 
@DarthTraya for last night's event. You never replied 
@travelingcircus so sad I can't make it tonight! I'm going to be away from my girl for most of the weekend and couldn't do a third night. 
is staying home all night, and is probably going to have a boring weekend 
This evening is one of those evenings where I feel like being alone 
gtg.piano lessons :|  be back at night maybe. saturdays are busy! 
Calling it a night. not in the mood tonight. 
mwaaahhaahahaha i just called jenny in the middle of the night but i didnt get to wake her up 
More or less no sleep last night so another early morning rise 
Starting the floors at 12  what a most shitty night.
really enjoyed my evening off with Q, back to work now... 
I HATE JETLAG!!! its 2 pm but why do i feel like its night time already?  i miss you canada
We ended up going to Leatherbys instead last night and I have yet to chill my wine  I'm so looking forward to it too!
@rehabc no report of last night's tweetup? 
@blaclipz I was. I always wake up a couple times during the night 
last night in ct.. 
another sleepless night... 
I wish I had a late night fatburger by my house 
looking forward to going out this evening but it raining here    
morning guys how was mtpflyers blogtv last night i missed it 
I'm nonw wishing that last night wasn't vodka and coke night 
I went to the bar last night, so now I'm 250.0. That's a gain of 1.4 on yesterday. 
@Skarlett_ I know  can I come over one night this week? I miss you biatch
duke &amp; i are up  he slept early last night and i have a tummyache
work alll day! bad night last night 
looking forward to 2night! night out with friends i haven't seen is a week... catch up time!!! cannot wait! have to endure work first tho 
i have nasty blisters from last night 
epic mcfly marathon last night! now off to study all day 
Ugh could be a long day... too much wine last night 
Too much drinking, not enough sleep last night, now off to work 
i wish i went to the bonfire last night 
@sarasmile13 ugh i drank too much last night too 
@jennatlam fun night, but you still have my board 
evening all... checking in for my flight back to london, I only just got here 
    i couldnt even have one fairytale night
there is actually nothing on the tele the night. 
had a great night last night. its raining!!! 
I got a huge return last night..  i'm so broke right now. And pretty upset.
@igivegoodtweet no   i couldn't make it last night. when are you next avail to rally/go out? i miss the siegal.
@brettmkaufman that's what i wanted the other night when we went to dinner 
Just tried to remove my shoes when i wasn't wearing any which resulted in an epic fail fall  night night
Too tiring of a day to work all night... 
I had fun at the lake last night =] wished i would have gotten to stay longer and that it hadnt rained 
night was awesome (baby we can do it we can do it all night...)  going to bed now 
hoping tiny kitten makes it through the night. thinking maybe i wasn't supposed to try and save him. maybe he wasn't supposed to live? 
@atlhustlerclub i'm missing the catch-up night! 
Debating taking the dogs down to bed &amp; giving up on the SportSync for the night 
 bad night for the pens
I can't decide what to wear tonight  I think I wore my favorite shirt last night
Misses another night of talking to him. 
i shouldve stayed another night in the bay 
Is heading to bed...my last night of a great birthday weekend 
At the vieww .. I hope tonight makes up for last night ! 
@KFierce01  me i'll be in the house 2 night but had a good day must i say !
At the library, then cooking dinner then girls night for kalens last day here 
I miss game night 
it was a very short night for me about 4 hours 
Has got the late night munchies and exhausted as helll 
Not having a good night tonight.... 
i've just set this up last night and i really want to add a picture but it wont upload 
@xLucyloox -_- lol, it won't work, even when i was at the theatre last night i was still thinking about them in the break 
@DescalzaDiary I have really bad sleeping issues. I can sleep in the day but not at night 
another sleepless night 
Only slept four hours  Couldn't fall asleep last night
@realitydistortd i was same last night,had bout 5 hours.. im knackerd!! 
@choley @jeffparsons ping.fm was acting up last night too 
@TheBeckiWeiss you have not been answering my calls all last night! 
Working. Right now is like the middle of the night for me. 
had a really long night last night and still recoverign today  the weather sucks aswell
busiest night ever yesterday!!!  no food left for tonight, though  
@moccabutterfly I hope so I just need to sleep at night terrible insomnia I am having  How are you doing??
Three consecutive night shifts next week 
Ugh. just seen night at the museum 2.. its not as good as i thought 
Last night was a fail 
@lauraxestrella I know  I'll be returning it this evening
@spoket no, I only worked until 430pm...I did nothing last night 
another night at the pub... and i'm sick 
Up early after a sleepless night 
@trixie360 We actually got into it last night! It's pretty fun, although we didn't get to play in the mob. 
starts adjusting for the night shift... 
Omj!! I just got attacked by a moth again!  why do they do it every night!  its scary haha!
It's going to be a late night tonight 
@ClaireInParis I'm asking every day and every night what's wrong with us 
I really don't want this to be another night of me going to bed unhappy. 
last night was really fun... this morning less so 
@dougiemcfly you guys really didn't have a good night tonight? 
learned a very good lesson last night/today.....never go out drinking the night before a 5k.....chose to sleep in rather than run. 
sooooo hung!! thought i could just have an early one last night but ended up getting to bed at 5  good night but!!
My allergies have been driving me crazy all night! 
Calling it a night....summer school in the morning 
didn't like losing last night to the mean machine  we should have won it!
this is the night for an adventure ... locked up tho 
i hate insomnia. Actually haven't slept all night. 
twisted her ankle last night 
sooooooo tired of ending the night in a empty bed 
@clairewhill I really wish I'd had one last night... I got about 2 hours sleep in the end. 
says my cabinet crashed last night! Totally not reusable! :-o  http://plurk.com/p/110jqr
@Trouble_Maker85 you missed a good night  later there was about 7 of us
not looking forward to my 4 night shifts from tonight 
@kirjane  A night of boredom?  What?  You're working with me and you're bored?  
wired up after an evening workout - cannot go to sleep 
I hate when I just randomly wake up in the middle of the night 
Another sleepless night. . . 
a sleepless night and hardcore debugging next morning is not a good combination 
had a banging night last night, 8 hours drinking is deffo not good for the head.  
Night #3 of being in a different time zone and I can't sleep. This always happens. Always 3rd night. 
good morning didnt sleep too good last night 
I can't find my f*cking v-neck!!! I know I brought it, I just had it last night! 
i wish i saw true blood last night. i was stuck in a car all night instead 
Rolling my ankle in soccer last night = cast and can't walk today 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall back asleep 
Wishing I had 3 more hours sleep. I was nocternal last night 
didnt get much sleep last night  its going to be a long day
#woscon09 officially over as of last night.  Those of us left are getting ready to head out to the airport.  
I hate not having hbo anymore! Missed true blood last night! 
@85ladiesguy good morning B...i had a dream about u last night...but it wasnt sweet  lol...
I am so depressed. I worked so hard this weekend &amp; got really sick last night &amp; didn't go to school. &amp; I needed to go. I feel so bad. 
had too many drinks last night and now I am paying for that 
Only 3 hours sleep last night 
I feel like I've been run over by a truck, and I didn't even drink last night 
Feeling good today..I finally woke up around 1. I was up all night with insomnia.    I think it was from the heat.
@thepicklebot ... but you can't see the fabulous clouds at night 
Wow, I'm so tired...and I still have to get ready for poker night   I'm actually hoping I go out quickly so I can curl up in bed ;x
@feliciahossmann I don't know  I crossed my leg last night and then I think I twisted and spasmed my liagment. I thought it would go away
Last night tonight, depressing. 
We had a wonderful thunderstorm earlier this evening, I wanted to go out in it but was still working 
slept 3 hours last night 
.....finally home...my ankle is swollen from the festivities last night! 
hot night in sigillo.....the temperature is very high! 
@RCarr88 It's a drag  Makes me wanna go night nights. What time are you out?
@markpentleton I'm still marking. Only have two slides of my presentation for #applertc  Looks like it's going to be a long night!
off to bed now, so tired. first night without @subclubloyal in 6 days 
Plans didn't go though last night 
@BEESTROH how was velvet room last night? I came the wrong week 
took too much adderall too late in the day, now I'm gonna be up all night 
haven't been on all day  went to bed late last night!
last night of camping 4 da week 
Just came to work.. after a night without electricity.. 
My bike was stole last night 
@hunkydoryhome with you there hun my two took turns getting up all night .. so unlike them 
@JamFactory I had that last night and night before, brain won't shut off 
Again I will have another sleepless night! 
i hate waking up in the middle of the night.. now it'll take me 4eva to fall back asleep 
another sleepless night 
I've got a long day and night ahead of me. 
So very sleepy! I slept wrong last night and my neck is really sore.. 
I should not have stayed up till 4 watching heroes last night 
@dbdc I don't know how u do the night shift 
missed all you last night at the #140conf. 
That would be awesome for the fireworks!  I have class that night thought  It's my last one
In resting mode after last night ;) I'm disappointed.. 
I ate some Chinese food last night that totally didn't agree with me 
i havent seen the stars in weeks, makes me sad  good night twittervers xo
Hopefully I won't have to miss $2 burger night  Trying to rearrange my schedule!!
@aleelavine that's no good  bad wings at wing night?
@ayudorama I won't be able to go to the night one if she's taking the night flight  But I'll be in expo like one stop away...
Going running tonight to make up for curry night 
So I haven't done any of my 3 runs for the week yet and with my meeting tonight, I don't think I can do it this evening 
The decoraters have gone :-D  I can now enjoy a nice peacful evening . . . revising 
@XjesskaX I wantto tan with you and night swim with you. 
I may have to pass on wing night...no BDubs for me. Not feeling well 
Bad night, I just want to sleep all day 
getting readyfor my night shift! 
Here's to a better night then last night otherwise heath will just have to miss work and take me to the hospital 
@evening_star I hope they are not being bitchy to you. 
@BishopBrigante the one i text u last night and u came back at me with no response! 
Home alone all night tonight 
has to get up early in the morning.  This is no way for a night owl to live. Lol.
had a disappointing evening 
Misses them already..wishes they would of invited me to stay the night 
@jyesmith Not one pic of me!?  In fact I didn't get to chat to you all night!
just finished watching talladega nights...and i cant sleep :/ why is my room so hot at night? 
Anxiety all night 
@andelainbritain lol.... you are going to be struggling to stay up all night tonight... and I have to work at 7 in the morning. 
My last night on this tour 
@spicyspice I'll be up all night doing homework 
Bad night for the giants 
Last night wasn't nice. I had nightmares, woke up at 3 in the morning and was too scared to go back to sleep. 
Morning so tired couldn't get to sleep last night cause I had slept the whole day 
Is oddly missing my late night accounting homework  NOT!!
finishing closer which we started last night. haha why cant we watch movies  so stupid. and i ate so much yesterday and i'm so hungry.wtf
@gonzylla hey guys sorry I'll pass. I'm on night shift. 
I'm so sick of not sleeping through the night. And I got a good 2 more months of this! 
It's still the middle of the night. 
5:43 in the evening and I am attending classes 
Eyes wide shzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... i think 3 hours sleep a night is finally catching up with me 
Sitting about to commence the afternoons sessions.  Last night was a late night out at bars etc. Feeling it today 
My host went down last night around 8:00 and still isn't up yet 
flu. stomach kept me up all night 
For the second night in a row, I've inexplicably woken up at 6:30 am. Unfortunately, unlike yesterday, I was unable to fall back asleep 
@karleemay I left last night at around 9pm. He was still critical, intubated and under heavy sedation... 
@tiffykt Did that last night... almost missed my stop...  #ipoddrop
@bjbrinker I didn't have enough batter to make him one today.  But he got meatloaf for dinner last night.
good morning... too bad about the #shuttle last night... the fleet is showing its age... 
had a panic attack last night 
is wondering where the morning went...it is already time for lunch...ugh...I am just going to have to start working night and weekends!  
when is the 3.0 coming out??? been checking since midnight last night 
@lihmf7 5 more days ill have a prom night. wow. scaryin me. 
@itsonitsgone not available  going to check that out at the public screening next wed evening
so sore from i see stars Moshpit last night 
@ShyHillsz boo I miss u too. I go in the evening 
only wish their wasn't an equal amount to do tomorrow  night night all
last night with the boys tonight, it's so sad 
needs a night out soon but feeling tired and ugly now 
actually tired. i havent had sleep in days.  night.
http://twitpic.com/7npqi - This is what I've been moaning about all evening... killing sore 
off to bed! good night.. see you in six hours 
last night wasnt the best party night!  rebel rlly should close down! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
watching bones all night i guess 
The feeling I felt this evening.. I never want to feel again.  
@akatzenbach madmex margaritas without you last night 
I hate that the one person i want to talk to most about last night is you. But we don't ever talk anymore. 
Why do I always end up feeling poorly when its late at night and when I have school in the morning?!? 
@JetGibbs It would be a better evening if I hadn't missed the beginning of Requium while I was out getting my pizza. 
but the only place that i can get both of those all night long is at the 24 hour laundromat 
night classs suckedd! now studyingg 
I despise being alone during night storms. 
going night night. maybe a chapter or two of twilight. 
Morning. A night of uncontrollable coughing and spluttering from my #mancold has left me feeling mildly bewildered. Yay. 
Is having runs since yesterday night. Boohoohoo. 
spending the night at jessicas. justine raped me. 
@CHRISDJMOYLES http://twitpic.com/7nr2q - haha what a night... not that I was there tho 
back to work! after a fuzzy night there comes a busy day 
is tired, over worked and sleepy from yesterday night 
Getting to work, sorting out what happened last night 
Feeling tired with a headache. No heavy night out on the town yesterday to justify it either  
Another hot &amp; humid evening 
@fancyfembot *hugs* i missed you by about 2 minutes last night 
sooo tired! stupid thunderstorm kept me up all night 
I am soooooo tired because i was up all last night because of the storm. 
I missed the tornado last night. 
Last night at camp  i will miss it lol
had an amazing night last night but has some difficult decisions to make 
@DennisStout I don't know about that... I only won 1 out of 3 sets last night 
It's almost over. no one cared last night. 
@Woozle2009 they usually aren't this bad but last night they were literally just screaming for hours. They woke my neighbors, not good 
possibly shouldnt be doing stats this time of the night.. arghh frustrating!  will resume in the morning when i can think straight
sooo best day ever RUINED with the worst night ever  &lt;\3
I would like to have one night of sleep where I don't wake up 80 times throughout the night ughhhh 
Wishing I could lay out and swim...but I'm working all day and all night 
I am so tired..and tonight is rat night..joy 
eating chicken mcdo.3 days left  then no more late night snacks.
I take a drive lesson at the night 
a sad night of goodbyes 
just gona chill out for the night !!! might go for a run but it looks like it may rain 
last night i dreamt i went to japan and i was taking pictures and tweeting about it but then i woke up 
@SonicThrust @TRIFORCE89 I know  but lack of sleep the night before + staying up late last night wasn't good for me XD
I had to go to the hospital last night 
@oddmanout75  unfortunately no  i forgot  im working tomorrow night. i never work nights but they asked me to switch last week 
Getting drunk for the last night!  booohooooo
off to bed night all up again at half 5 
soo sore from the killer workout i did last night! 
@maryk3lly and ive waited for u the evening long 
I want wicked tickets...too bad i'll be overseas unless i see it opening night 
Rough day leading to a rougher night... 
@KirstynSmith I'm sorry  I know but so, so tired. Some night next week instead?
is very emotional this evening 
These lesson plans are not making for an exciting night 
@ablu272 @timesunionlive I really think that this year contains some amazingly talented dancers. I just didn't feel it last night. 
I'm getting sleepy. It is only 9:52 in the evening. I think I'm cool. 
Even at 8 in the evening it is still soooooo hot outside! 
Another night in the hospital 
Another night like the rest  it begins already
To puke or not to puke. That is the question. Is it bad that I want to go to bed at 7:30 at night?  
@mariannathomas yeah it happened last night during the chat (via @eriklugo) i swear to god that @jaybrannan is punishing me! 
Right now I'm on a quest to make myself happy. I get depressed at night  this must change..
I think it's time to call it a night. I just cannot stay awake lately. 
Wow, third night in a row I'm going to bed before 10 - I'm getting old!!!  
did not have a good evening  I'm going to lose a tooth
last night of camp! 
little bug had his shots today.  normally sleeps through the night, but is waking up every hour  don't know what to do for him
This evening is so rainy! 
nothin to do for the rest of the night.... 
i hate waking up in the middle of the night. 
Another sleepless night before a show 
@PotterEntourage I know. Especially through the night  I have him all day and night.
Another sleepless night  third night in a row!
good evening.. i h8 sore throat .. it can't make me eat well 
damn. i have netball 2morrow  not late  night for me 2night D:
plans sort of failed last night. realised i didnt have billy elliot with me  so had early night and jus watched new comedy psychoville
Long night! The line ran crappy all night again and was told that I have another two weeks of this work schedule 
All week i've woken up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat.  
I have a sore froat from singing all night. 
had to get up in the middel of the night-WTF - i had tornado warnings. 
Moving reaaaaally slow this morning. 2 nights of dancing and 2 more to go...I'm getting too old for this 
@Lozzington YAY  you didn't reply to my text last night, why didn't you just say if you didn't want to go out? 
@bdiamond78 So how was it last night????? I was upset I couldnt go.. i had to babysit my nephew 
@SparrowExpress aww, didn't have milk last night.  too bad.
third night in arow that i cant sleep 
Why do I have to water plants if it rained last night? They are going to drown. 
Beginning to tire. Doesn't bode well for this evening 
never again will i take two benadryl in one night. i can't function. working at the J all day 
Just spent a good portion if the night crying 
Storm kept me up. Alllll night. 
sooo tired.  the thunderstorm kept me up all night.  
The past 2 weeks I have been having night terrors. 
still in last night's gown 
had an enjoyable evening last night....very tired now 
I need to prepare myself for the last night of drinking with my best @reveneam for THREE fucking months! She's leaving me... 
I scrapped my elbow last night 
jut woke up again ... I got a night was awful 
no plans 2night 
Having a pretty quiet night at the moment 
@abbyschim no we have to work a party bus tomorrow night. 
@ZekeKetcham i tried to call u last night but u didnt answer.    
hopefully still goin' to laughlin' made a scene last night  
I had a nightmare last night that i ate meat. 
@towen5 Haha normal night then? I'm to tired to party tonight 
@DonnieWahlberg U give the best hugs...couldn't get enough of them last night...Here's a TWUG since I can't be there tonight 
yawwwwwn! fell asleep before, wanted to sleep all night but couldn't so back on here it is  msn is hilarious tonight! 
going to storm soon.. 2nd night in a row 
i wish i took more pictures last night 
@Jstarrrrr im sad i wont be able to partake in all the late night drunkness that is bound to happen this weekend 
This is going to be a long evening    She is so bummed out!!!  #mdafail
primed 50+ wooden letters....now have to paint them all   going to be a long arse night
thank you___ ________ for _______ my night. 
Not a good weekend to play the lottery, 3 trains in one night! That is 3 in 4 hours. 
i am really not enjoying this lonely night in tonight 
@lubbymcmuffin   our last night as seniors  so sad. At least we made it fun! Lol
last night in my own bed for 19 days 
going to bed. i got my hopes up enough for one night. 
@colboysdad Awww, no band night!  That bites 
Last night was terrible. I can't sleep til 3 in the morning. Now I'm getting more headaches 
@Calintexas suck up! Lol And ur using tweetdeck? What happened to tweetie?!?!?  lol good night!
tired of drama!! had a tough night at my own party 
Morning all. Zonked out early again last night 
Looks like the night is coming to end; it seems that their is no one to chat to this late at night. Why can't people stay up later? 
Headed for rehearsal, I feel so out of it this evening 
Another sleepless night. 
cannot believe i had to leave early last night sooo annoyed  worst night ever x
Another sleepless night 
Trying my best to forget that fiasco last night... 
i'm trying to recover myself after the night shift 
good night last night!... maybe mixing my drinks wasn't the best idea! 
had a fever last night, still not feeling well 
working at the hotel this weekend...and I am pooped already. have had only ONE decent night's sleep in over a week! 
had horrible sleep last night  but can makeit up 2day! i am So tired!
I think that green pepper I ate last night was bad.....very bad.... 
@ashtroid I bet I'm not doing that this evening.  I'll probably just stay in my hotel all day, nothing else to do. ehh;
@edelr doubt it it's a sturday night  not good
says good evening..  http://plurk.com/p/12g6zk
I wish I'd looked at the agenda last night as then I would have known I don't need to be up this early. 
In romford, feet still sore from last night 
feeling v.fed up this evening 
I need a gorgeous man who, after all night sessions, wakes me up at dawn for more. 
I want another day off. wtfck. I woke up gasping last night cause I couldn't breath.  scary.
@Rocks4Ever I drank too much last night...  
Feeling the after effects from last night 
Pretty hilarious night. But now paying for it in the morning  round two tonight!
could've been at a casino last night 
This is how my night last night turned out   http://twitpic.com/7ww9c
working all night  i need a weekend off!
Another sleepless night 
Getting ready for night shift 
On 4 hours of sleep and need more but can't! Long work night last night. 
@BrittanysChoice lmao that was hilarious... last night was another late night courtesy of twitter. 
@shabaybe I'm so out of it it's not even funny. I slept like 2 hours tops  . Last night/this mourning was so fun though!
@TerryDiabolik how was last night??? so sorry we didnt come.  we had a looooong night.
http://twitpic.com/7y132 - I scraped my knee last night 
@sky_at_night No, we haven't and that sucked. 
well since i woke up 7 pm last night i'm not surprised i am still wide awake right now. 
Going for supper...what an ugly night 
@forTHEfree you didnt miss anything last night 
so hungover. wizard staff. only 12 last night 
just realised that the washing i put out to dry last night got drenched overnight 
not feeling too good, plus I have to work this evening 
Bad moods just suck ugh  not having a good night
got devoured by the mosquitoes this evening. 
@ihaitham NetBanking is unavailable since last night.. I haven't booked the tickets yet.. 
@Aurialicia ugh i was coughing all night last night. It was so annoying. I practically slept most of the day and now i'm flipping bored. 
@wendytamalika babe sorry I couldn't make it last night  heard it was a blast!
I am afraid of having another sleepless night. 
My night just ended in disaster 
Being alone at night makes me sad. 
my night is your day and your day is my night so what am i supposed to do with my day when its actually night? in other words.. im bored 
Last night out with the boys 
once again, the quest for late night snacks ends in 
Oh my bob I am so freaking tired. I want to go home so I can go night-night 
Yesterday evening/this night was so funny.  But my knees are hurting so much.. 
I might be crying later in the evening. 
@junderscorem Passed away last night. No details yet about what happened. 
i hate going to bed sad  had such a great evening and I had to go and ruin it
long night last night, long day today, long night tonight. I am worn out, yet still wide awake 
I am finally done baking and now I am going to bed... good night!! i will be up in 3 1/2 hours 
I had awful night, but i have in front of me awful week 
Tierd from the night shift but i just can't sleep... 
i really really liked what i was wearing last night and now i can't wear it til my foots better  http://twitpic.com/7zwt5
Another sleepless night... 
Still buzzing from last night, but now im have post gig depression 
I am SO tired!  + I hurt my elbow last night... it didnt hurt yesterday but it does now 
i miss all the late night talks with @greenfreak 
@tommcfly sounds like you guys had a great time last night! i was supposed to come but had to sell my tickets because i couldnt get there 
Last night was so much fun..... really feeling the effects now though 
good night tweeter pipsss.. 
says good evening and good night. haha. i miss my baby.  http://plurk.com/p/12pq2e
had a blast last night...now enjoying a few quiet minutes before the kiddies leave for the day 
has a poorly cat after an outrageous fight last night. I have a feeling he lost 
@HillaryBlair me to.... to many shots last night 
@theREALboyzone Really enjoyed the concert last night but my bag got stolen 
Tummyache  It HAD to be that subway I ate last night.
@_amberlovely AMbbuurrrr i feeel you should tell me in detail about last night pahahah i miss theem 
@umasswmr Me too.  I miss them...was looking at what the closest concert possibilities were last night.  I think 6 hours is the closest!  
Fignuts!!  I'm sick and have a fever again... wtf?  I was feeling great last night 
Still tired from the concert last night and the after party!!! 
Painkillers + work night do not mix 
I went two weeks without smoking! That ended last night 
as much as i hate to say it, but it's time for me to call it a night   y'all enjoy the rest of your eve and have a good night  later on!
will be alone of an evening as me babe is working nights this week 
@pat67 @wmleverette I didn't sleep well last night, + I closed the resort last night and opened this morning 
ugggh. did not sleep well last night  ..going to get my passport
Wishes that all Yankai said last night was true 
having a nightmare last night 
i would be if i didnt have tickets for transformers tonight!! the only night i'm not free... 
i'm not so good tonight..i feel sick  bad thing...better to go to sleep..i will be better tomorrow..night night
@bruisedfruit that's sad  enjoy your evening!
@ohhhhsierra i knoww.  but how ironic is that - that she decided to have sex the same night her dad is killed...?
That 2012 preview had me scared last night. 
Even a hot chocolate hasn't brought on the ZZzzz's. It's going to be a long night again 
bout to have breakfast! didnt do too good at the gym today  was still too tired from basketball last night... will go again later!
i wish i never slept at all during the day. another late night for me 
i am so freakin bored  no one calls me at night anymore. lol
not feeling great  heading to bed... night night
checking out my fnatasy team then calling it a night 
Night. surgery in the morning 
What a slow steak night... 
still tipsy-ish. lying in bed.. our last night 
Thursdaymorning blues, been sick all night... 
Tired. Dogs kept me awake most of the night 
looks like another night of crying all night 
@iamjonathancook I had wendys. You might not want so many late night snacks or you will be a fat chode like me. 
I've had a fever of 102.4 all night 
Another sleepless night.  
@birriepie i wanted to go late night but no one would take me 
had a good concert and night out but should really get packing !!!   
Fml dude im scareddd i hate hearing noises at night 
How am I awake???  I was up all night with my sick 1 year old...and I mean aaaaaaaaall night. 
Surprisingly I'm not that tired this morning.  I had a great time last night!  Off to work again 
@AnotherDime it seems like we miss all the action @ night 
I'm so tired.  I've barely slept the last few night, and I totally feel like I could just crash at any moment.  
It's officially summer - waffles doesn't sleep in the bed at night with us anymore 
Not doing to good....I hurt my knee last night dancing  
as usual,evening with no activities at all___boring,silent,and starving 
fell asleep in the sun yesterday after partying all night, I look like a lobster 
@nwendt941 Sure, but I realized last night we can't see it for at least 2 weeks 
My shoulders hurt  but I enjoyed my night!! Owwww!
So I was looking for @garlington79 at the club last night but she never showed up 
@MorganD21 really transformers was good? was going to go last night, heard it was horrible, so we didn't go. now i feel like i missed out 
@LuvDaMall yes, bleeding eyes definitely means time for bed LOL night night to you 
@maikeru76 have a great day/night!!!! 
finishing off a good night with a cold beer   you know you're jealous
@miss_ek You were relaxing all night!! 
Interesting night! i love my sisters 
Is looking forward to an enjoyable evening 
@turab235 good evening 
dreamt about vinyl and record players last night, this is a huge improvement to the night before 
says good evening!!!  (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/n28wq
might go out dancing later to night not sure but I am going out and getting a few drinks tonight 
night all. check out @officetally - best of the best. 
I rest for 12 hours last night. I woke up at 12pm 
drive-inn tomorrow night to watch 17 again 
I'm getting ready for the smoothie night 
just woke up... grad night tonight 
Getting ready to go by the church to go over a song for acoustic night next month 
despite my original thoughts... last night was really great... I &lt;3 waking up to luurrrve. 
@mburleson weird.  we just watched that last night too. I agree with your review. 
@jasonperryrock did you watch enter shikari last night?  x
@RealHughJackman watched your interview with johnathan last night, it was hilarious especially the handmade claws 
soooo tiredd... that usually happens when u stay up all night! 
really needed the night out. great tunes! tks jx &amp; b. 
i watched twilight last night for the 20th time last night! 
@gethoneycutt Have a great evening 
After a wonderful day, it's off to bed now...night all. 
@marcelatc I'm still in the dencing mood after sleepless night  #asot400
@TinaSimpson not sure if you were singing the song but you got it completely wrong. LOL. The stars at night are big and bright. 
@jessalaurel hey you  hope you have a good evening
better go to bed already. night my presidents! 
good day and night  i adore my friends &lt;3
@logancarrigan that made my night!! thank you 
party last night was awesome...cute bartender really brightened my night 
http://twitpic.com/3l47c - late at night in the beach ^^ such beautiful night... I'll never forget those days 
Working at night as its benefits 
thinks it time to go to bed... night night all 
less than an hour from my own bed for a night  
is praying last night was worth it!! 2 1/2 hours of sleep better result in a really good night tonight 
what a night lt night 
says good evening.  http://plurk.com/p/ozc6m
says gud evening to all of you. haawww, what a cool evening  http://plurk.com/p/ozg3l
is off to the pub this evening 
good morning/night everyone 
@alexisnotfunny only time I dont like is 5am when they start breakfast, then I cant get any late night double cheeseburgers 
@earthTV You help me fall asleep at night 
is staying up all night watching FRIENDS. Wow 
@iAmChas  you already know! i was storm trackin' last night 
sleepy from being up all night...now ready for nice breakfast 
@thewhiteness depends on how big a night we have on friday night ;) but don't worry- we got it covered 
going to bed, night night everybody 
@DrPepperQueen thank you  i need it lol, and good night to you!!!
good night my sweets 
Catching up on all the TV from last night 
@MistressB Yay for loss of teens.  Have a great night 
@Byrnie It's going to be one of those weeks but at least you've got an evening's entertainment where you don't have to travel! 
@xxkristinexxx: what concert!? &amp; night. &lt;3 
@Schelmy good night!  hugs!
tonight was a good night. 
@albie77 Me too!  But at that time of night... morning, I may find it impossible to stay awake to answer them properly anyway! 
@ocean29 haha.. I utilized my sleepless night by studying 
watched grey's and svu after a nice night of bonfiring. on to oz! then maybe basic eight...? then sleep. 
Home! Had a great night 
@sinfulsignorita hey!I hope so too  It was a good evening all round 
Morning everyone, had a very late night last night, so just up 
What an awesome night last night 
so sleepy i cant even spell right....good night to all 
great night  hanging w/ peezy n nez...
@PixieFlute I thought I'd be the only one awake this early!  But I went to bed at 8 pm last night 
@h2o_x Last night? It was immense!!!!  Loved it!!
going to tech for the night to visit 165 team 
@adreamreaves I gave in and turned my heat on last night 
ah, good night last night. starting my morning off by watching the office. 
soo last night was fuun  but my wrist is now more fucked then before =\
had a great night   fell asleep this morning at 6 
had a really nasty evening ... hopefully tonight will be better .. saturdayy nightt 
I am pleased with the events that occurred last night 
@keaneiscool Definitely cool re-meeting you last night as well, man! 
Seriously. I love my friends &lt;3 even those who don't love me back... I had a good night/morning. Now I'm off to bed 
watching tonights the night 
so tired today - must of been all of those margarita's last night 
Enjoying my first night in in at least a fortnight 
@heidimontag It's senior prom!!  We're all over here getting ready and looking forward to the rest of the night! What about you?! 
@CountryPepper It was lovely having you all over this evening! Thanks for the  visit. So excited for you! 
@JeffGammage ok... leaving soon... if I don't catch you later twitter gang- be safe and night night 
@petsaretalking found their website last night, synchronicity 
had a pretty good night last night, haha. he's all i can think about now, though! &gt;.&lt; only twelve days now 
I had an amazing night and phonecall! 
@omewan big jukebox I music this evening I see. 
cold!! last night was looovely - so excited for next weekend 
says evening to all  http://plurk.com/p/rilcr
@NevadaRose haha shelly will understand it was from last night and no its a very good scent 
Amazing night   now SIX FLAGS  ! Then drinkkkk ;)
@mandraco good evening to you 
@johnideal I agree! We'll have to go back very soon. Thanks for a lovely anniversary evening 
felt real good to reconnect last night... been quite awhile since seeing some last 
is going to get an early night tonight 
@freshbcool  i knew what would happen   tlkn the game last night
@darave I think you should fill us in on details of the night  or at least fill me in on it, hehe
@etruscan that which only a cheesburger can cure; the previous night's activities! 
Off to watch some television in bed, night night tweeple 
@Stormb441 it'll be easier for you if he starts driving, you can sleep the night in peace 
relaxing for the rest of the night 
Definitely time to call it a night now 1.32am all is right in the world again.. hate to all who's narrow minds will never prosper.. night 
No tweets shall awake me tonight...phone off in 3..2..1...night night 
slept for 3 hours in the evening . don't know if i will be able to sleep at night today 
good night twitter i love you all  [ergg school in the morning]
http://twitpic.com/4j24y - last night in the hotel 
so i'm going to go to bed now since i have to get up early and go shopping!! night all you tweeters 
@ashishjoy you do too man! I'm glad you had a blast this evening!! 
good morning, world  I'm going to school in 25 minutes... after a sleepless night. And I fucking hate it!
@NSuissa  your welcome  have a good night 
night to no one in particular. 
@CasualRepartee because you are a natural night owl? 
Going to bed now...good night tweeters 
transcribing my tenth (and last) report for the night 
@TheRealNobody thanks  i'm up every night all night. bad sleeping schedule lol why are you still up?
@jeffsgrippen it gets down to like 10C at night  and about 25C in the day
says good evening  http://plurk.com/p/rqh8l
off to bed for the night. goods night everyone 
@colbycolberson then stop staying out all night 
@rockeye AHHH you follow the dark side too..  night
@drumcounselor it's my evening. 
J, sorry about the bad night, hopefully my workout updates gave you a little humor in your night..  
relaxing...enjoying the evening 
@AboveAllFabric wow! you've been tweeting all night!! looks like you totally made up for the day 
great day/night with my gabberss 
as any1 been up all night like me and now the birds are keeping you awake 
@sareybarey I just watched that episode again last night. 
had a wonderful evening with those I love! 
@maryk3lly  i didnt watch star trek yet.... i thought that i will watch it last night ... but i didnt... =( ... i will watch it today... 
Wow, a calm evening 
@caitiejayne ok sick which date suits u they are thursday night friday night and sat night i think laast 3 nights get in quick 
Crawling into my den for the night now. 
I did not throw up last night.....but I did this morning. Last night is a complete blur, but according to my updates, it was the bomb! 
@endoftheroadj haha can it be the new form if I did both last night??? 
the night fever, night fever... we know how to do it.... gimme the fever, night fever...we know to show it.... 
@tommcfly awesome show last night they wont beat our 14 minutes  have fun on your last night xxx
Not so late of a night tonight but it was still great  the rowlands are awesome lol
had a pretty good day  night you guys 
@calyle20 whiskey night for me. 
going on an evening stroll. 
Three spanish lessons in one night. Hopefully I remember them in the morning. 
is very tired this evening. 
tonight was a good night 
For the second night in a row i'm going to bed before the sun starts to rise! A good night indeed 
That was a very interesting evening 
@PlumpPeaches Have a great night...and thank you again, I so appreciate it 
heading to bed. productive day at work today and another good workout. night night all 
is passing out for the night! its been a good day!!! 
@nessaeee aww thank you  hope to see you tomrw. good night !
well good morning... working the late shift again tonight. last night not so bad though 
@AndreaKoeln heeey! tonight is the night! no sleeping (like we do that at night loll) 
@wearecutaways haha! i had a ball  you were lethal last night, best I've ever heard you.
@knoxgirl75 it was nice meeting you last night! 
@onalem thanks for good night, I had a good night's sleep 
good night my little sheep dolls, good night my little bear, good night my star in the dark night... 
soooo tired. really busy day! nighty night 
all the good acts are before 6. it'll be an early night 
going to bed after a long day  last night to sleep in my bed and see the fam though =\
@Blitzscream ooc: excellent  and night nights
@Hip_M0M sounds like you had a good night out, sondra 
About to have a very special night with a very special drink 
@emilytheunicorn aw  good night last night. i'm uploading the videos onto my computer.
I had a good evening. 
all was golden when the day met the night ... 
Here's to all of you on this fine evening. -cheers- hope you all have a great night 
About to pass out, amazing night 
the sunset last night was beautiful 
@blackarazzi goodnight hun!  had a great night tonight!
@Birnentine thank you.  how was your rudi-evening?
@davidarchie i watched cool center last night.. and it's really funny!.. was that really a short interview?? 
@GabyOfSupaSavy sounds like a relaxing evening 
@ASK4ME have a good night 
@allyheartsBB i guess we are calling it a night? thanks for the song recommendations tonighttt! 
watching last nights eurovision that i missed  pretty good night last night 
enjoyed the concert last night... 
had a thoroughly enjoyable night lastnight 
great night last night feeling special but not as bad as i thought i would, just contemplating getting lunch for mates .... 
says good evening.  http://plurk.com/p/ubpvl
@taylorswift13 I hope that realizationn of being nocturnal didn't keep you up all night 
I'm off now. I'll be back this evening. 
Eurovision was good last night, we scored higher than i thought we would 
(@SeanMildred) fight pit, crowd surfing and a high 5 from olly = perfect night 
night good night. wish me luck tomorrow 
partieddd so effing hard last night  ..exhausted! - partieddd so effing hard last night  ..exhausted! http://bit.ly/11K1j7
tiredd i had a great night last night (: so amazinggg and i realized i have some really great friends  text/call to hang out? xoxo
had a good night last night...not hurting today 
@KorinnaMS hey miss! may i have any photo from last night? 
back home. Trying to Recooperate from my crazyyyy night/morning 
found a twenty last night. 
great concert last night. right in front of the stage. amazing 
@LaCheleMarie I do!! I even had a few drinks last night 
@micabebecca good afternoon! I ended up roasting last night! Haha it got so hot, that heater worked! 
laying on the floor, last night was great! 
Contemplating whether orgasms are better at night before you fall asleep or when you first wake up in the morning to brighten your day? 
@queermonkey so what is going down this evening 
@tipsythree Lol we are.  I slept all day so I'm here all night.
what a great long day i had i think am just going to sleep like a ........  good night every body
didn't think i'd like kite runner as much as i do. almost caught up. but i need sleep now, night 
had an amazing night with an amazing person 
@StaceGots LOL I'm a night owl too 
great night  good banquet ;-)
HOME for the night. How good it feels to be loved by my bed 
good night  listening to justin nozuka as i enter dreamland
last night we got #shortstack onto trending topics this night it #forourheros turn 
i'm ready to finally relax after a long weekend...nighty night! 
@PK_1 totally. I showed you Billy last night, did I not?  shemale me. xx
@Lillybef I've just had last night's cold pizza, and I'm still in bed 
says good evening  http://plurk.com/p/uj5z5
just got home after a fun night out!!  good night!!!!
i have to wake up at 6 in the morning ;/ these are the nights i should go to bed early but i won't 
says good evening to all... 
What a beadiful day  na-night
@jeanneava I must admit that I was bored last night - so I was looking for 'tweeties' around my hometown. 
@springtree good morning!  I got a ridiculous amount of sleep last night, it was awesome! It is going to be a good day  how are you?
says gud evening  http://plurk.com/p/ukbbe
@tamodom i think the conversation from last night plagued me today...if you catch my 'drift'.... 
@LittleLeafsFan real short night - may as well go eat 
@Smithpho @jmeo78 we're flying now!  we had our first new site visitor last night too....
@jaithemon     inbetn, a very  good evening  !
 tonight was a good night.
Finished reading now going to sleep night 
@JoeyLondon good night! we just start the day 
ready to party tomorrow night. 
Is going to see night at the museum 2, yay 
wine and music with @alycelucia ready for a good night 
I got a proper night's sleep last night, the whole eight hours 
@thisgoeshere I finally got my room organized  took me 3 days. and good night.
my day is so much better  night!
@iamkiara__  sweeeeeet   so tired man. you busy tomorrow night?
@MadinaRiver And who won the 2 passes last night so?? 
That was lovely. Now i think i will enjoy another of Gods wondrous creations - sleep!   night all
summer ball was so good last night 
is getting more ink this evening.  Yay!  
says good evening!  http://plurk.com/p/vgh30
My Nuggets wonnn last night  We innnn lol, its Fridayayay 
is going home today, but had a very good night last night 
Ironin' my shirt for this evening 
seems to be a nice evening 
@zefamedia I love it!  he he he. That could make for one very interesting evening 
the sky is so pretty at night when all the stars are shinning brightly  its so peaceful too i love night time!!
looking forward to night out tomorrow night 
i actually got a pretty good sleep last night, i woke up at 6:30, no bad for being outside on a stoop all night 
@michsnell good morning! what did u do last night? sounds like it was fun... 
says good evening  http://plurk.com/p/vhfzy
says good evening!  http://plurk.com/p/vhq0t
over sabina's house, waiting for the girls to come over.  should be a good night! going to see night in the museum 2. 
@bodybymike great had a great night partying with the teens lol. They were happy so i was happy 
The night the moon was gone 
@jpiwowar it was posted LAST night.  11 hours ago.  and i still beat you to it.  i'm a little disappointed.  
heading out to get kellbell and then going to see night at the museum 
Has had a brilliant day which followed a really good night out  and is looking forward to the weekend.
had fun with her boys at open mic night last night. 
had a really relaxing evening for a change 
love the summer night air 
Just had a night of coffee and cigarettes 
Having a wonderful evening and night 
@NKAirplay good night its been a blast thanks again  have a good nights rest 
going to see night at the museum 2. 
Just saw night at the museum 
had a girls Topes night, looking forward to the rest of this wonderful week 
Officially been up for 21 hours good night... 
laying in bed, listening to it rain.  this is my favorite. good night.  
@DwightHoward fantastic game last night  well done   1 more
finished reading for the night 
is falling asleep to the humming of the computer....night night 
making up for my lack of drinking last night. 
I think I'm going to say good night now though I may put some more updates up later tonight, so good night! 
Still tired from last night time for bed  maybe babysitting early afternoon then going to the circus at 5 
@Danielrc5 your a sweetheart.  how are you doing this evening?
@twattwat good night baby... should be a good night 
@chiropractic like 70 in the day but chilly at night. 
sure hope the @palomar5 dinner series will turn into a poker night... @dominikwind? 
had a really fantastic day as well as night which happened to include star trek and blockus 
@DaveMalby interesting trick - I must figure out how I did that...good night 
going to sleep. night  [listening to explosive-bond]
@karlihenriquez don't i wish we could control them i would have happy dreams every night  have a good night
been a great day...good night friends 
@cebaugh me too, time for bed..been a great day...night friends 
And it's goodnight from me for the next few hours at least. The last night shift is over so now sleep beckons! G'night 
alesha's party tomorrow night 
Watching in good company then going to bed.  night #yzf
ending day. I hope all you have good night, I'm feel good, but i need to sleep, so goodbye twitter 
@officialcharice good evening. still up? 
My audition last night went great! I hope they pick meeeee 
Is about to go and watch night at the museum 2 with my wife! I like friday night dates 
My night kicked your night's ass 
looking forward to a relaxing night 
Finally calling it a night good night one and all 
@CherylH77 well it doesn't keep me warm at night  #iphonefails
@jowalshy  good evening 
@EarthlingsBaby evening  I love ecomoon!
