Most common words for this cluster:
[('nobody', 405), ('anybody', 31), ('noone', 21), ('lol', 17), ('haha', 10), ('com', 10), ('http', 10), ('anything', 9), ('work', 8), ('cares', 8), ('quot', 7), ('anyone', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'nobody', 0.948682963848114), (u'Nobody', 0.9252642393112183), (u'anybody', 0.8246464133262634), (u'anyone', 0.7415088415145874), (u'Anybody', 0.7180614471435547), (u'Everybody', 0.715430498123169), (u'everybody', 0.7144505977630615), (u'noone', 0.7059587836265564), (u'everyone', 0.6943244934082031), (u'somebody', 0.6762679815292358)]





Nobody likes Leatherhead. 
nobody is talking to me  
goodnight nobody, since i have no followers nobody can see me say this 
nobody ever speaks to me now 
I mean nobody goes on this anymore  x
Nobody will let me make one giant cookie 
Nobody wants to play with me. 
Nobody is twittering 
Nobody tells the difference with my hair 
Nobody wants music? 
Up getting ready for work. Dreading it. Nobody but me I am going to get robber blind  hate it and ppl at work who cock it up 
Is anybody aliive? 
@golddiamonds thank you... just having a quiet one!!  nobody to play with 
At work and just started getting really bad stomach pains - Owwie  - Nobody else is here, so I can't go home early
nobody gives a fuck 
Throwing up all night, dammitt  Feeling good now though  How about those sucky soap awards? Nobody who deserves to win ever does 
@badarama_ It just hurts when nobody understands my jokes. I had to let it out. I'm sorry. 
Nobody on camera in the kitchen 
nobody wants to folllow me  am i not twitastic enough lmao
why does noone reply to me 
Nobody got a nice &quot;cleaning the house&quot; playlist for me? 
I'm so lonelllyyy. I have nobody. To call my ownnnnnnnnnnnn oooh. 
Nobody follows me on twitter 
Nobody talks to me 
@MsMellish I wore my new open toe shoes  Nobody writes to me on this thing except you! 
I am a failure and nobody likes me 
@madteaparty23 i can't find anybody to play with. 
@MarieManuelle i don't know who i am  sadly, nobody does either
@georgedearing I love it - but not sure how extensively they're testing releases. I can't see anybody in friendstacks either! 
@metrostation_: i love metro station but in spain nobody knows them 
Nobody woke me up for dinner! I'm sad 
@JinnyBoy T.T i wam go tooo....but seem like nobody can go with me....haiz...missed 
being new to twitter and is excited but nobody i know is on here 
noone is feeding the well, it's craving! 
bored so bored nobody 2 talk 2 
Nobody is talking to me today. 
nobody wants to talk to me 
nobody likes us... well nobody follows us 
nobody rply me.. 
Nobody likes me anymore 
@Shinybiscuit  why does nobody belive me?
Nobody wanted to go with me  So i decided not to go... interesting, ne?
Nobody on my address book has twitter 
@hollowlegs Thanks. Nobody's answering the phone so it's probably closed  There must be somewhere open!! I have to eat!
@jbee83 @izzagillianne - ain't nobody getting me nuthin...  enjoy~
Nobody ever txts me n ned 2 go out 
nobody has sent me a song yet 
@arrojenkins  i aint got nobody to drunk sex with...besides myself.  
nobody loves me, nobody cares. nobody picks me peaches and pears. 
http://twitpic.com/4wtdi - nobody wants to be lonely .... 
@DebbieFletcher I really wanted to Conga.. Nobody seemed to like my idea though  Haha!
I have nobody to talk to since @captainfromCDU and @downesy started their twitaffair 
At church. Listening to 3oh!3. Nobody's here. 
nobody @replies me anymore. 
Who needs sunshine anyway? I would, but noone cares  - http://www.flickaday.com/p/129/98748
I am nobody here.  I am a sick, untalented, uninspired nobody and i can't express myself 
I have this beautiful grand piano. I haven't played it in 2 years. Nobody else has played it more than half a dozen times for 2 years. 
Nobody talks to me on here anymore... 
Nobody's on twitter tonight... quite depressing. 
Nobody is ever awake at this hour   &quot;Lunch&quot; in 45 minutes; then the world wakes up.
nobody loves me 
Dying from boredom. Seriously.  There's nobody to text! 
trying to go out but nobody's down 
Arrived an hour early at work thinking I could get an early start. Nobody else is here 'til 9am.  ...at least I got a good parking spot.
so borin.... got nobody 2 chat with.. 
Nobody here will eat sushi with me... 
sad that nobody texted or emailed me while i was eating.  silly!
I hope nobody I know was harmed during the earthquake 
Too bad, he's sick and there's nobody else who can tell me 
@KnightGrl  aaawww he was just trying to b a gentleman  he don't wanna hurt nobody!
@mileycyrus I'm so sad 'cauze nobody answer me   MiLuH? have you NETLOG?
is thinking why does noone reply to me! lol  x
@rodrigoinbrazil ur lucky! I can't find nobody to make my video 
Nobody helped me out with my urgent question. Cheers.  another 8-6 tomorrow! So annoying.
@askleo Nobody told me in college I would need CSS knowledge  (wordpress obviously did not relieve that need)
@combustiblesong Nobody understood or replied to me. 
why is there nobody *around* to talk to me 
Only 1 tweet in the last 24 hours?  Nobody likes my tweetboard 
Nobody likes to feel low priority. 
Nobody ever @mandagh' s   makes me sad
@jazzjeet haha you would do that =P that's cute. nobody ever comes to visit me  god damn lake geneva and how far it is from civilizati ...
why nobody write with me ? ! 
@justlikeanovel aw you could have played the penis game with me this morning! Nobody else wanted to play 
In French trois, nobody is sitting next to me. I feel a little lonely... 
srsly, nobody evr reply's 2 me. 
Nobody is up this early 
damn im so bummed out right now....nobody loves me 
 noone wants to talk to me  lol
I guess nobody's going now. 
@Cyhuntastic Sounded boring since you had nobody to throw cupcakes at 
Nobody is awake. 
Twittering to nobody... 
why I didn't find anybody 
Nobody likes me on here 
nobody's talking to me 
nobody to talk to... boring 
Wedding today... not mine :L  urgh, I hate having to dress up    Nobody gets that though.... *total tomboy*
hellooo ?? is anybody here?? i'm so alone 
I want to go out  But nobody is taking me out... boohoo... 
Nobody to play with 
Saturdays at work are dull. Nobody is around and there's very little to do. The calls are always angry, though. 
@L2LD Nobody was there 
nobody's following me 
Nobody's textin me back....  Grrrr!
@CurvaliciousINC LOL... nobody wants to go with me 
I'm dying of boredom. And I have nobody to talk to. 
Nobody is awake goddamit! Ahh. 
@mzChinadoLL awww nobody wanted to go with me either...I'm here solo 
Elhae: everybody I'm textn won't text back..nobody likes me  lol
@jenthegingerkid I don't get any spam. Nobody loves me.     snort
@DebbieFletcher I just need a hug, you know... but nobody believes me, nobody helps me.  And fans in other cities knew them. 
I have been abandoned-Nobody want's to go out to eat with me. So it's either fast food or a trip to the grocery store. 
*sigh* nobody ever tweets me 
@keamia4 None  Nobody works except me on the weekends...but there was the massacred peach pie still on the counter...haha!
why nobody follow me 
On the road to nb...and with noone to play with 
@jeffyboi At least I received yours and nobody got mine 
nobody to turn to. feeling lonely. terrible 
@Kikirowr, why does nobody ever believe me. 
My work got robbed the other night  some bastard took cash from the till and our pays. Nobody was there luckily.
@Kcatz @Chicajones @ButtercupD@Madsoli3 @ItsJustDi nobody will take me in 
It makes me sad when nobody texts me back. 
nobody awake? 
anybody hear if robos back?? i miss him! 
@hanzhimeng no, nobody invited me either 
I don't trust nobody not even him 
Nobody rode the lightning...  [UseYourLove]
just realized that i have nobody except him 
I want to buy you flowers. It's such a shame you're a boy. But when you are not a girl. Nobody buys you flowers  ? http://blip.fm/~7dfsf
My tattoo appointment is the first of the day...and scheduled for 2 mins from now. Nobody is here to open the tattoo shop 
Nobody loves me 
Sitting at an open house for a burien condo. Nobody through for the past 90 minutes.   
@if_i_fell i know itd be horrible  when its finished aswell &amp; having nobody to get all excited over it with 
Nobody brought me sushi so I gave up and am eating Spaghetti O's.  
I want to do some running or something outside. But nobody is available. 
Nobody likes australia.. we are like the weeds in a bundle of pansys 
@BigSeaton well, so i now realize nobody cares if I tweet or not 
Nobody wants to go to school 
Nobody can make me happy .  . . .  Its hard week 4me . . . .
@famoussas @trvsbrkr Why foreign costumers can't order @ famoussas.com now? Nobody answer at this question. It was better before... 
says Uh. I seriously need a life. Nobody's replying.  http://plurk.com/p/xo1u9
: @godlessgirl @donttrythis has my dream job already. He gets paid to blow things up. Nobody pays me when I do that  #dreamjobs
Somedays I just feel like nobody cares and that I am utterly alone in this world 
@KerwinStewart chances of anybody surviving is extremely slim if at all. 
Fabilous i miss u more than anybody else 
@KIMP19 It looks like nobody got my updates yesterday. Or, nobody responded. I hate to think I'm that unloved 
Oh, sure, @AndyMilonakis, show THEM love, but not me. I see how it is. Nobody loves us socio/psychopaths anymore. 
Nobody work in a library, it is extremely boring, and i have 4 more days of it! 
@SineadGrainger well noone fancys anyone i do anyway and its taking me forever so if they did they will steal them before me! 
is anybody streaming it live, if so where!?   #e3
is anybody streaming it live, if so where!?  #e3
Vanished one day and I really hope he is oook cuz he was my big fren...  I miss him.. Where did he go? Nobody would ever know
nobody appreciates good language anymore 
Nite twitter. Nobody ever tweets back. Haha 
&amp; nobody gives a damn. 
@simplychrista Nobody seems to be busy enough nowadays. 
I don't think anyone even looks at this anymore 
nobody is talking now 
Feeling fed up and theres nobody tweeting 
Nobody told me Asa was in town last week 
Nobody will sing the brady bunch theme with me? how sad.  how about different strokes?
why nobody can understand me? it's really sad 
nobody actaully loves me....its been lies all along 
What the hell happen to people?  Nobody's online! That's super sad 
I figured out why I hate where I live.. NO LIGHTS! Its alwas dark and depressing here after dark and nobody does anything after 9pm 
@Kaialoha I would have loved that!  I guess nobody wanted me around 
Nobody reads my twitter  lol
Nobody is tweeting 
I'm quite a sad person. Nobody wants to go out with me  I need to buy some shit before i lose my mind.
@crystalchappell nobody writes to me...woe is me   LOL  I keep getting told to write..lonely here at the bottom...going to mow yard now!
I offered the dev guys some of my guava. Nobody wanted 
says nobody is here...  http://plurk.com/p/ygclq
@Nani981 dude only u think he's hot! Nobody else 
i'm never good enough for them or anyone for that matter. I'm a nobody. 
Nobody can ever come do stuff with me  ..........lonely.
@DatBoyB nope...got nobody to take me on one 
@ArcherIsMyName  nobody loves me
I'm the only nonsick nonsleepy person I know.  nobody wants to do anything.
@galleysmith I know nobody w/database skills 
why isnt anybody talking 
So bored... Nobody will go to Hershey park with me.  not even my own girlfriend.  wow i fail.
Nobody answered my tweet when I asked what everyones upto tonight.....    
@ememilynoelle dude.. nobody invited me to go.. 
so, nobody is here?  I feel so lonely!
@erinkayfox nobody told me either 
It's almost 3:00 am. I'm eating cottage cheese while I tweet, but nobody cares because nobody follows me.  sigh
nobody supports amr. 
I really go go peepee but nobody to releave me....  hahahaha
@mastermindmusic I really, REALLY, really miss CRUNK juice! Nobody within walking distance sells it 
wow i finally get a chance to go into chat and there is nobody there 
@KiahBoo16 nobody invited me!  LOL
Nobody cares 
I'm bored nobody's online 
Nobody wants to go to the Alamo 
@DuckyPorkchop me too! But nobody is wanting to sell me one... 
Haha I'm not there! So it's not 'everyone' ..but I don't count..I'm a nobody. 
I'm so bored and nobody to talk to 
@maver9999 I feel like nobody 
@Clubpenguinfan3 bye - nobody tweeting 
nobody talks to me on this anymoreee 
Nobody wants to go to MoCCA with me tomorrow...  Even if I'm alone, I plan to high five everyone I come across.
I'm just tweeting away &amp; noone is tweeting back to me.. 
@mannny me too ive been wnting to see it byt noone to go w/ 
nobody follows me 
@hodapp Nobody reacted when I drank a beer with my Halal meal 
nobody tweeting 
Nobody said it was easy.' 
Just kidding. Nobody cares about ivan is dead. 
@addie_c braces with nobody there...haha i was lonely 
Nobody's up 
@XGraceStAcKX aww  its mega boring without u, nobody's online!! D:
@WildZBill I agree. Nobody follow me if I am suggested  LOL
@prettygoodstart Too bad nobody answered 
nobody said it was easy 
http://twitpic.com/6ho8y -  nobody hearts me
Nobody understands how i feel ( mayb if i was dead someone would 
I'm really boring now..I would like to somebody make me happy (;D) but nobody wrote for me anything what could be funny .  HELLLLP 
@STARBUXHD I'm guessing nobody believes you....    
I'm really bored now..I would like to somebody make me happy (;D) but nobody wrote for me anything what could be funny .  HELLLLP 
Seeing hangover. With noone that has twitter so i can't @ reply anyone 
Nobody coming  http://bit.ly/15il7d
Nobody's following me...  I'm sad
just got home from seeing wicked. Nobody bought anything  http://bit.ly/V1jpQ
quiz useless.  Nobody except sad people know such detailed stuff about the Simpsons... 
@LoveODT what shirt was that???  Nobody told me anyone was ordering shirts. 
xbox got boring quick.. nobody is on 
nobody wants to go to that all american rejects show with me 
Nobody's reply my mensagesss snif 
Nobody's reply my mensagesss snif 
i want nobody nobody but you!  i miss johnny. 
Nobody understands this 
@Ihavefangs and you have nobody you can turn to? 
Nobody uses twitter but me 
Wondering what the #amongstfriends will be tonight. But nobody wants to tell 
I just got in and had no problems coming from 270N &amp; exiting at Lenox. Nobody was going 45  #315
@claireyfairy1 o_O oh, sweetie, that's terrible! Nobody should be deprived of the pinto! 
At my cousin's house again  Nobody thinks I can stay home by myself.. Tis messed up...
@knotsoflove my plan was unsuccessful, nobody is following me about taxidermy. sad now 
Nobody wants to see my ID 
Feels like: P!nk - Nobody knows 
@molnica I knowww like nobody is even here. And I just became really drowsy all of a sudden 
@camiknickers why not? It's just like asking anybody else 
Nobody liked my Mustache 
So sad and overwhelmed with life. Nobody understands what I go through. 
why isnt anyone twittering anymore?  lol
 nobody talks to mandarin
Nothing on TV, nobody to talk to online, nobody to make plans with...such a dull depressing night  A movie couldn't even fix it
Nobody likes me....I'll be my own bestfriend.... 
Nobody likes me...I'll be my own Bestfriend... 
@ITSBJ1 but now i can watch porno all i want and nobody to share it with...so sad   
Standing here in WalMart... Nobody else is here and they haven't put #LVATT out yet. 
@HotTamaleHolly nobody would talk to me  so now I can't get in
Nobody warned me it was going to be sad! 
Nobody is tweeting  but I'm going to sleep got a interview in the morning, yall wish me luck cuz I need some mula ;)...nighty night
Nobody voted for my advanced Scrum questions. Amateurs! 
@muscati i havent recieved anything but i think its because nobody loves me 
@jelvalentin hehe. Nobody else is up yet. And I'm sooooooo hungryyyyy 
i have nobody to talk to... 
nobody ever buys me flowers 
@HanaStephenson too far away...believe me noone would be more upset if we'd have to cancel but me  also since I want to meet you guys so
nobody gets how i feel 
Nobody likes free stuff apparently. Just turned down my the mewithoutYou tickets I won. 
@ChaunceyStacks yeah I applied to like 3 jobs on there but nobody's hit me bck. I think I'm doin somethin wrong.. 
buahhhhhhhhh anybody??? 
 why does nobody want to hire me?!
@lukecarbis because noone takes them.  #SCTUB
Nobody wants to play with me.....    
who am i kidding.. i'm nobody 
Nobody came to see me at Westmoreland Mall. 
Nobody ever gets my jokes. 
feels like a nobody on here.   
Nobody messages me anymore  Where are all my friends and followers? LOL  What's up tweeple??????
@MiszBigBOssLizz loser can't call noone I see 
i feel so bad, it's #follow wednesday &amp; nobody's shouted me out yet 
i'm bored... nobody's onn anymoree 
is pondering to write when noone is following.. 
@xElenixMartianx  I think nobody here in italy has received it yet. let's pray 
Nobody appears to want to celebrate my bday with me at Pink 
nobody understands 
Oh and today in training we spoke about 'Global English' and evolution of language. I brought up l33t. Nobody understood. 
its our monthsarry and nobody greeted who!  awwww
@nurzakuan great, so now we have like 200 ways to keep in touch!!! So Mandra is visiting, eh? Nobody ever comes my way... 
stuck at home..is nobody doing anything today?? 
i barley have anybody to hang out with now 
anybody know why pdfpages is not working for me? 
Nobody wants to hire me 
I should be lost without you  btw im really lost right now, nowhere to go, nobody to save me
Man. Nothing to do all day and nobody told me they planned to hang out  tis no fun getting left behind. Lol
Nobody loves me anymore 
@PeterBlackQUT RECIPROCATE. Nobody has MMS'd me back 
Jenas going crazy. Nobody sane names their  crutches! 
nobody expects the spanish inquis^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hsales tax 
I can't sleep  and noone to text...
@storycorey Nobody won the big wensday  But it's 30 mill next week.
does anybody know how to say 'horeur' ? like, is it like 'horror' ? i say it like 'horror' 
Sittingin the lab Reading. Nobody wants a tour so far 
nobody wants to play with me... 
Rather disapointed wefollow.com doesn't have anybody under the WillPayLoadsOfCashToDevelopSomethingCoolAndSplitEquity50-50 
Nobody tweets anymore 
@kimstakinnames I just called ariel but nobody picked up 
@jaborwhalky  I'm short.  I have to yell or nobody hears me. 
noone ever does a @shannieface 
Nobody told me that there would be THIS much bleeding 
is waiting by the glory hole.  nobody is here yet. 
Nobody wants snoballs in the rain.  So sad 
We just drove to st. Chuck to look at a van. Nobody was there to show it to us 
bored... nobody's on 
Nobody wants to come out and play! Dammn I have no friends 
nobody wants to chat with me 
Nobody loves me... 
nobody tweeting 
i'm bored, there is nobody on msn, nobody on twitter.. it's like everyone is gone 
I guess I'm too old. Nobody knows who I am. 
Trying to download music since nobody will burn me a cd 
That's annyoing! Nobody's in school just few people but most of good people are in Italy  i miss 'someone'
@eszed  Haha ILY!!!  Nobody loves me enough on here tho 
Nobody in line yet here in green bay...   
feeling bored, nobody's online 
going to sleep now....me sad....why? why? why? dunno....nobody loves me at all!!! 
a bus just drove into our van. Nobody harmed but the van is damaged. Driver looks really sad 
The freaky blob thin is useless  Nobody got scared 
I just got locked out of my lab. Nobody hasn't come yet. 
I wish I was there, but the crowd was just HUGE. And nobody would take me. 
Is thy anybody i know...... 
I try to speak and nobody listens to me I try to scream and nobody hears me... I am caught in a trap of glass... I have become invisible? 
hmm.... nvm  nobody loves me anywayz
so boring &amp; nobody wants to go out 
I have to pee but there is nobody to take my spot 
Just found out nobody ever dies in SRAG...thats so anti-climactic! 
there's nobody heree 
@kylapratt its storming right now and i dont have nobody with me. lol. 
@lthanda noone around here will play big stack 
It seems like nobody want to talk to me. 
nobody is answering their phones ro me 
bees in the apt. again... and nobody here to kill them...   how will I sleep?
love seinfeld.  got the scene it game. nobody to play with. 
I am awake now but nobody else  Booooring!
nobody is following me 
@ArchisM I m just really really wondering why nobody ever bakes cakes for me 
@nikki_lopez Nobody went out...so i didn't do anything 
If mama is not happy nobody is happy 
Nobody in town is doing free RPG day. http://www.freerpgday.com/ didn't even know about it until just now. 
Nobody ever remembers my birthday.  
okya, nobody other than me has tweeted since quarter to four. where is everyone? 
@henrycoats fine, except nobody told me it'd involve drawing blood 
@SimonBob Nobody cares about grammar anymore. 
@evankmathews my fav too! Nobody ever wants to go with me.  
Nobody has shared me a crock pot recipe. 
At an art show. Nobody is coming.  poor guy.
@dougiemcfly I tried, I tried, I always tried, and nobody reply to me. 
@caitlinbell18 why does nobody follow me  
Nobody wants to txt me right now &amp; I can't get to my computer. 
Nobody's answering to my tweets.. 
ugh nobody's on i miss u joe jonas thatjonaskidjoe 
@jojomt everybody knows that sam is not someone for lindsay but hey if linds love her nobody can do nothing about 
nobody wants to talk i wish @hayliek would come on  maybe she will tlk
Nobody text me  guess ill sit at home and twiddle my thumbs
says *nobody wants to be lonely*  http://plurk.com/p/12kuzh
I am so bored. and tired. nobody is up this late. how tragic 
Doesn't know what's up with anybody any more 
nobody loves me  and im not being emo just telling the truth.
@laptopmnky There's a situation where nobody wins. 
I hate when pc leaves. Nobody to talk to 
Nobody's awake 
    Nobody likes Year One in the reviews I've read. I'm disappointed. But maybe now I'll like it more since I'm not expecting much..
Guess i'm not going to see RUANJINTIAN anymore. Nobody accompany me go. 
This is too boring, especially with nobody to talk to 
Nobody takes me seriously, I will simply ignore 
Nobody's here 
Wow! I overslept til 6! And I still have to pack for Disneyland.  Nobody heard my phone go off, and we're leaving in 32 minutes!!! x(
just bored...nobody want's to hang out with me 
so nobody is on 
Nobody answers me..I'm sad 
will go to a specialist for knees tomorrow.. maybe he can say anything.. -.-' nobody knows what's wrong with it... since august 
anybody seen my i.d.? i seem to have lost it 
Oh god, nobody is ever going to message me again 
@matthartless I miss getting pho too  I rarely get it anymore cause there's nobody that will go with me
Everybody and they mama came to play basketball... But nobody or they mama brought a basketball... 
@Aybarz i know noone will be down  so i wont even bother
Nobody's in the gutter 
Nobody got me balloons for my bday 
@crazeegeekchick Just too mean ... Nobody should cancel a WOW account 
@erinfxs 'Amazing Adventures of a Nobody' have you ever heard of that? I havent and i turned on the tv hoping for top gear. 
@eoinp haematoma. Nobody takes blood like yore ma 
Aw......... I guess nobody cares about me then... 
@Nobody_eva ofcourse im going lmao. I wish you could go with us  but you have spain ;)
Finally found something to work on science! Nobody went 
Nobody loves me 
nobody loves me lol 
My hometown, a ghost town. Nobody around at night http://twurl.nl/kuadhm I wanna disappear, I wanna disappear... 
@capitaln @newkicks @flyleaffan he's already dead  anybody got anyone else to target? #spyring27
@Giilliiaann how rude! Nobody's here. And music and dora's is open so i don't know what room we're in 
Nobody likes my gay dogs...  
Also - Nobody told me about Asthma Camp.  
anybody 
About to go to sleep. There's nobody online! 
there is almost nobody online 
Nobody tweets. No fun 
I feel lonely! noone is following me  not much to follow though!
Nobody's tweeting, they're all at Glatso without me. 
@tandcmitchell i don't want nobody to enter, how embarrasing! 
@caitlinwillster i went 2 their last one, i want to tho  but noone to go with lol + is it sold out? are you going?
@DonnieWahlberg I'm trying..i'm trying...but nobody's helping me out... 
Has anybody been followed by anybody interesting recently? Only spammers for me 
@sushiannnn I'm drawing like nobody's business too 
i seriously need to let all my thoughts out but there's nobody i want to talk to on msn 
@sarahjericho are you coming online? got nobody to talk to 
I'm sooo lonely!!!  nobody loves me
anybody want 2 chat w/ me?? im bored... 
but.. i admit; it's fun to update. haha. even if there is nobody that sees it 
will always dance to the beat of her own drum...nobody elses 
does anybody want to talk to me? 
@jeremyschneyer but then you thought, &quot;nah. Nobody would be that dorky.&quot; #wrongagain. 
@amyycudge then call me a nobody. 
back from gym...Nobody was there, except me... 
i'll try to communicate with anybody... 
@eddieizzard - I'm sure nobody complained! 
@spencerpratt noone likes you 
Today's meditation: I am a Nobody. Nobody is Perfect. Therefore I am Perfect. 
Hey twittersville!  anybody here?
Throwing up all night, dammitt  Feeling good now though  How about those sucky soap awards? Nobody who deserves to win ever does 
@Whacky /me refuses to get into a philosophical argument. Nobody wins those 
@RashadHouston but nobody matters but yours truly! lol 
rt @sujamthe Nobody can beat @davemclure for his graphics/logo that tell a story. checkout http://www.geeksonaplane.com  
does anybody no if the g1s are any good 
Rheannan's mom was just like &quot;it's okay ali, everybody makes mistakes.&quot; so i broke out into Nobody's Perfect. 
@odayski Finally watched Tay's performance! Nobody matched his joy and enthusiasm while performing...  He looked pretty dang HOT too!
i am a nobody,nobody is perfect...therefore i am perfect 
Nobody is saying goodnight to me - I didn't mean to call you faggats soz 
@clarissa61190 and if you want to leaveeeee I can guranteee, you won't find nobody, else like meeee 
Nobody does it better than www.traveljunky.com Not even half as good   ? http://blip.fm/~5jv7j
@xxsabina Nobody but us in the oppen office classroom haha kinda nice 
@DaivRawks lately, it seems that all anybody is talking about 
@sangeyvang lol now i feel stupid but nobody's perfect..&quot;nobody's perfect you live and u learn it..&quot; 
@mediahunter oups, nobody told you... 
me at the studio.. ha only joking i am a nobody but with ambitions 
F*****ing 6:10 in the morning an the workday begins. Nobody in the office except me. This is so frustrating. 
@2eMuz Haha nobody's ready for me! 
@monkeebug Don't let an article fool you - I'm a nobody too 
@meganpenno Yea no work on Sundays. Nobody does here  anyway monday now lol
Nobody dies doing something, they die becoz they think too much! 
@triiiiciaaaa lol. no! nobody floods my page. 
hey guys! has anybody seen taken? its a great moviee 
@Cookleta no nobody ever told me i'm violent..thnxx for the compliment 
@naughtymutt I could drop a bomb in here and nobody would wake up 
