Most common words for this cluster:
[('nothing', 459), ('everything', 116), ('something', 91), ('anything', 40), ('day', 21), ('today', 19), ('life', 16), ('night', 16), ('lol', 16), ('work', 15), ('time', 15), ('tv', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Nothing', 0.961542546749115), (u'Everything', 0.7984389662742615), (u'Something', 0.7980917692184448), (u'Anything', 0.7489426732063293), (u'nothing', 0.7005351781845093), (u'anything', 0.6805770397186279), (u'something', 0.6385837197303772), (u'What', 0.6364184021949768), (u'Nobody', 0.6224039793014526), (u'everything', 0.6078299283981323)]





I'am bored. Nothing to do! 
Everything is still broken! 
Waiting on my clients  to arrive for our 10AM showing. Nothing is on the radio and I forgot my IPhone. 
@djR3Z wot?!  *hugssss* I'm sorry... Something's better might come up
*sigh* Nothing to tweet about 
is eating sweet tarts. I am thinking about ice cream instead. Something Positive is keeping me entertained. I chose it over video games. 
@meesterbob I'm sorry Meesterbob  Anything we can do to cheer you up?
No sleep. Nothing is closing my eyes. 
@EAMatt Nothing is on 
Everything we had is no longer there 
Needing some guidance in my life.. Nothing seems to happen like I think  it should.. Everything I do turns my life to the worse..  Help?
working through a number of ideas for my Write Anything article ... and coming up cold 
@Neessahh Nothing much just stalking celebs. no celebs have spoken today 
@ikex Everything 
Nothing puts me off buying a product more than a badly dubbed foreign advert 
It's 420....what to do? I know!! Nothing 
@humanPincushion  Anything I can do to help?
I cleaned. tim won't be impressed tho. I generally love items to other parts of the house. Kitchen &amp; bathroom are clean!! Nothing else is 
@Weeza79 Nothing very exciting unfortunately! Catching up with people,relaxing...and clearing 10yrs worth of hoarding out of apartment 
Nothing like getting up too late. 
@mileycyrus Don't be sad  Everything's okay, love you.
@Miaowlicious think I've only watched the first ep actually... (It's on here too! i.e. series two). Nothing beats RoS 
Senior health=BORING. Nothing to do 
@Logicalness took out Emalon in 10 man last night. Fun!  Nothing for me dropped. 
Nothing to do ! 
Well off to bed I go for real this time LOL! Nothing to do and I dont even know how early I gotta get up?? Thats sad 
@geniuslu LOL Nothing else is on! I'm sad 
@spgreenlaw Still sorry.  Anything I can do to make up for it?
@shaileelathe Nothing other than finishing off my work for tomorrow  Don't feel like doing anything other than relaxing, really!
@_kate21301427_ Ahhh no, what was wrong with you  Nothing much really went to see hannah montana the movie yesterday you? Schools crap ha!
Waaaaaaaa...So hungry. Nothing good to eat for breakfast 
Totally Nothing 
Is it home time yet. Dead now. Woe. Nothing to do 
Is at nofx but not into it. Something up with her and this has brought me down 
Something's wrong with me. I think I'll just sleep it off. 
@mitchelmusso Nothing you can do about the rain sweetie...just be glad there was some.  We need it badly where I am.  
Drunk and stoned, but still can't sleep. Something must be wrong with me... 
Nothing on t.v. 
Nothing's on TV  Nothing else to do... Not tired. Loong night
@CherylH77 Well, aren't you lucky...  I seriously need dessert. This writing is boring me to tears... Nothing here though 
@hayleyghoover Finally someone understands the concept of NOT being able to hide eyebags with makeup! Nothing cuts it, right? 
Nothing to do and it's raining outside  boohoo for me 
@muncher Nothing yet - sad to see your old boy score the goal that looks to be keeping you out of the playoffs 
@thelongmile  Tch, shopping are we?  Nothing open here on Sundays  
Everything tastes bad with toothpaste. 
OIT budget paperwork.  Nothing I'd rather be doing on this beautiful.  
@paraWRITERmore Haha...Nothing, actually. I'm just a bit annoyed right now. 
@russe Nothing compares to her still.   
I spent the whole weekend finding my corporate identity. Nothing there 
My B Bear is not himself.  Nothing so sad as a puppy who's down-in-the-dumps...it's probably something he ate.
Nothing good is on TV at 1:00 
Bored. At home. Nothing new. 
Anybody who lives in Atl and has an iPhone...don't you love looking at the weather for the wk? Nothing but t storms and rain 
@Cosmetosaur I know!!   Darn MAC messing w/us again. The tiger bag seems out of place. Nothing from the collection is tiger printed haha.
Still no conversions  Something needs to be done!
Nothing to do tonight... 
is about to hit the town...sorry all my KHH peeps...wish I could have made it to see you guys. Something came up 
Yawns... Huh? It's 12 noon?  Can I just hibernate some more? Nothing to do anyway.
Nothing to do. 
@illuzion11 Really?  Nothing else was wise?  I'm a failure then 
Nothing to do outside when its sunny 
How boring Is my life?! Nothing to do, nowhere to go 
@LaChatNoir omg I hope I haven't jixed it? Everything is falling apart there 
@poppygirlx this the white icecream with a flake in it? Something i will love off of when there... no yummy flakes here. 
Everything comes with a price    hopefully I can still afford it.
At the MOA for race for the cure, @T_S_B and SamBrody are walking, I was going to shop. Everything is closed 
@_Avery_i know right! Same here. Everything hurts!  especially my shoulder. Blah. And for some reason the bottom of my foot too lol.
@musicheartnsoul  too bad...Anything in particular?
@pacifini no everything I come up with is really lame  how about the others? Anything good from them?
Something shit happen! 
Hungry. Nothing yummy to eat. 
@snowlobster epic fail. Nothing shows. 
Too Much of Anything is Good For Nothing, Even Happiness! 
@LuvinDanny4Ever Anything else going on besides API's? I can;t believe we haven't had any late night tweeting for nearly a week 
@JRsrWj Nothing wrong with a party haha - I will be at work all day and then have to do more work from home 
Bored, Nothing to do 
DAAAAMN Something's wrong with my stomach. :| 
@P0RCELAIN sorry to hear about your dog  Anything that can be done for him?
Hey everyone. My net has been down all day. But don't you worry. Nothing too interesting happened to me today  In fact, I am kinda bored.
@elizabethdavid7 Nothing la babe. Just very annoyed with someone.. 
@LeighLockie they are so good have to stop myself from eating too many!!!  Nothing fun for dessert? No chocolate? 
HotNameList is down.... @sondernagle &lt;-- Thanks for the heads up. Something wrong with hosting. 
Nothing 
Sound off, los angeles ninnies. Another one at 5.0  Everybody ok? Nothing broken?
@scheffxp your crazy..i think i felt it here in the A - Anything is better then 3 weeks solid of rain we been getting 
Everything is sore. I'm sick 
Set of drawers has piece missing. Everything has been cobbled together so will have dismantle in the hope that shop will take it back 
@MGMarts Oh yeah I have! Wish I could just paint now. Everything I want is to paint and draw, but still... other work to do 
Everything around is so so gloomy.. 
Everything around reminds me of you 
Everything is going to shit. 
@dcorsetto Yay socializing! Something some of us never quite get the hang of 
@Tempest3K Something that you desperately need.  
@Noussie Nothing like the working life..right?! Wish I had a job... 
Just doing my usual Internet activities.  Already called recruiters.  Nothing.  
Nothing 
@AllanGoesDMB but i want it out of my system. I dont like this woozy high feeling. Something about it scares me for some reason! 
So...what should I wear today...I've got a wardrobe full of Nothing!!  Old woman-problem ^^
@jos897 I do  but might leave early. Nothing big for the wknd-lots of cleaning n reorganizing. I wanna go see angels and demons.
Bleh. Everything seems to be broken today 
Nothing happens when I hold cursor over tweet 
I'm shooting things with high powered lasers! It's really not as exciting as you'd think. Nothing explodes, it just changes colour 
@Kristin61378 Nothing rings a bell, unfortunately.  I have no idea where to look. So much for being a detective 
@dilipm Listening to them now..Nothing sticks 
@vimoh I do not know really. But to me all this looks like a cover up. Something big is waiting in the wings 
@JGizmo22 Nothing bad, I'm just feeling really overwhelmed. 
@dellswor Nothing here, yet. 
Inexplicably CREEPED OUT right now. Something about my house is scary, and I'm home alone, too. 
@MizDaisy Nothing... I get sentimental at night and cry because I think I hear him pawing my balcony door but it's only the wind.  
@mrgenius23 Nothing.. 
I ate Something I don't know what it is... Why do I keep Telling things about food  
Brake time!! Nothing for lunch. Tonite. 
In bed can't sleep .... Something is missing..... 
@zoecorkhill do you get headaches a lot? What painkillers do you take? Nothing works for mine 
@pacomontoya Everything 
Shit. My friend's in such a state and I don't know how to help him. Nothing I say seems to be helping and I wish I knew what to say 
I missed the @retrorewind announcement   Something about being flow out for a concert? Can anyone fill me in?
@decaydance --Nothing 
Man i cant belive that you did what you did? Everything does not look as good as it is.. 
@nayia37 Everything is lousy 
Nothing good at the five dollar sale. 
@agent242 Nothing yet 
@foodphilosophy seriously, technology isn't always my friend. Nothing like doing double research. 
I cant afford life right now. Everything i want to do is too expensive 
Nothing to do tonight. 
Nothing 2 do 2nte  Boooooooo! I'm totally bored!
Nothing is gorgeous abt F and G... 
Home alone for another hour AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!  Something's gonna get me        
So bored! Nothing to do tomorrow!     Not impressed!
@josieloveejonas Oh i just remembered WE need to talk. ASAP. Something bad happened !  
@musosdan @qgchew @dani_s24  http://tinyurl.com/nnyayq Friends add me again.Something went wrong with my profile. 
Nothing 
sitting here drinking alone and waiting for hubby to get home.. Nothing very interesting 
@mikestwitter Nothing  Or jager... that's the rumor going around.
This is seriously rediculous. But whatever. Nothing i can do now 
Wishing for a pulled pork sandwich, loaded up...!  Nothing open in this one horse town, this time of night 
is moving house this weekend. Everything's a mess and my knee hurts from walking/lifting so much 
Nothing to do now.  
Nothing 
every single stream I've been getting has sound only. Something wrong with my computer! 
No luck sleeping so I will just get my ass out of bed &amp; go running. Nothing else to do. Everyone's out.  
Everything changes...... 
wants to go to a cardiologist, too. Something doesn't feel right 
@Doomsmw71 : Nothing sucks more than working when you're supposed to be enjoying the outdoors  keep me in mind. eat for two!
@GetReadySetGo Nothing to loose... just seems I DON'T make sales when I HAVE sales?!?  Strange but generally true...  
Nothing to do  I'm so annoyed and lonely
Hungry but idk what I want! Nothing sounds good! 
Everything is wrong 
Damn... Nothing more to say... 
Nothing 
Shower down. Everything else left to go. And i feel sick 
@Nicolargh Aww  Everything will be alright x
Starting to get real bored in rohester. Nothing really to do 
@Sammeroni yea  Everything I write, I think its shit and erase it. haha they are like porn and the rest I guess think im midly interesting
Just woke up and feeling like shit! Nothing is on tv 
@dennymayo I understand your bitterness, well not really.  Nothing can be worse than being a Lions  fan like me 
@YoooMilli Nothing at the bowling alley with a low battery 
You say, &quot;Everything happens for a reason.&quot; but it seems like we are looking for a reason for everything that happens. 
@Zatannna Nothing else to do ! no-one wants to see my paintings 
@MontanaTexan Something nihilistic, I am sure. 
Everything 
Nothing 
I miss cutting the grass. Nothing like cutting the grass and burning them. There is no smell like the smell of burning grass. 
I miss cutting the grass. Nothing like cutting the grass and burning it. There is no smell like the smell of burning grass. 
@midlifechick They are so easily offended.  Everything is an insult to them it seems 
Ooooooooooh in 25 hours I can finally buy stuff again! Nothing interesting though 
And just accept everything thats thrown at me. Something i would liek to change really... 
Something is surely not right here 
#asylm The guests, photo ops and panels where heaven.  Everything else was hell and inbetween 
@TimMothE Aww.  Anything in particular, or just everything in general?
@meandmylies Bathe your eyes. It helps. Nothing will get the smell out of my hair and skin at this time of night though 
@Aishwaryarao Nothing that I do or give can be termed general especially by U 
@i_candi_xo  he's not been on!!!  .. Nothing new really anywhere !!  Oh well he's making a movie I'm sure everyone will enjoy!!!! X
And now, tooth ache... Everything is pointing to me not going back to work... 
@Fraser101 Nothing, he was just very distant. maybe he is slightly mad at me for not carrying on..  I thought of a good band name yday...!
@KingVinyl Nothing worth tweeting abt. 
Nothing 
 HEY if you don't know what to say - then just say that. At least say that. Anything is better than nothing. #fb
Everything is in a blur. Everything is so unclear. I really really need you here 
@nmia yeah is a pain.. I have been trying for over an hour now.. Nothing works  Wonder what is going on.
@NiaBassett  what they do? Nothing really xx
@xuxosa Nothing hahaha 
@FollowSavvy Nothing 
And... Something else does too...more than I imagined it would.... 
@benkenealy Nothing on tv...suns gone, nothing too interesting online 
@xScarlett_x Anything up? 
Bout time for my second waxing. Nothing puts an ego quite in check like this. Sad panda  On a brighter note, mini fridge for the office!
NYX Jumbo Pencils are annoying me right now. Nothing will blend right over my white one today for some reason 
Nothing like hanging out at the airport..  
Silence Tells me Everything I Need To Know!! 
@kirikitten    Everything will be okay!
@enept Nothing at the moment. 
Nothing good on tv now 
There was a fire hydrant going off, profusely spraying everywhere and i drove through it. Windows down. Everything is wet 
@cheesivore Something seemed sad about it. He just wanted a nice little ice cream for himself.  He deserves a nice little ice cream.
is up really early. I couldn't sleep because the big egg-sized mosquito bites REALLY hurt. Nothing is helping against them so far. 
I am super clumsy!!! Everything u could imagine has happened to me!  LOL
Reading and missing Chris. Nothing new 
its still there. Nothing i do makes it go away...as the rivers begin to flow 
I'm a one sad girl... I don't know what's the problem. Everything feels so hard right now. 
Right now... Everything hurts. I'm pretty upset  ugh! I don't want to be overly emotional but i need to vent i suppose. I feel as if i ...
@IvoryGretts Mine's from post-herpetic neuralgia, from when I had Shingles when I was 21.  Nothing really works, just dulls it. 
I know Nothing about my next Exam 
Just woke up. Nothing to do today 
My #powerbook cable burnt a little. Nothing happened, i just got a stroke. I hope i can solder it. If not, my ba thesis will be delayed 
Something is definetly missing........ 
Nothing. I'm bored 
@Scriblit Nothing to do with hormones....it's upset me too 
@bpotstra  Are you okay?! Nothing serious?
@subwayfreshbuzz Nothing at all so far...   but waiting is.
@AaL17 srry about that! my mom made me study and i couldn't get back on ... well forgot  ~ Nothing much... hbu? u feeling any better?
@willsoley  about your car.  Where were you?  Anything Stolen?
@Megebee thanks! Nothing worse than a spring/summer cold 
Nothing to do or watch tonight 
Something is up. I'm not stupid. 
@Coach_Ferfer nope, I'd say @LaurenH08 has ferfmail. Nothing here from ya  why you ignoring me like that?
@Jess0302  Miami is doing ok I guess. Nothing new.... 
@Desir80s  Nothing? 
Nothing to do right now 
@ Mm_Sackgirl Nothing new for LittleBigPlanet at E3 then 
Spider bite on my wrist is itching like crazy!!  Nothing seems to help. 
@john_self &quot;a Natal character that recognises and responds to players' moods&quot;. Nothing like real life then 
@Emmadw Nothing more than appears on their website  But it cd prove useful for unis, cdnt it?
Nothing to twitter about 
I'm up! Late but up. Something knocked the robin's nest out of the tree over night. 
I'm Hungry! Nothing to eat. mhh. oh yes! i miss him . 
@tanya_peasgood News that both will be available at launch on Steam would make me a happy bunny (given sam+max are on there). Nothing yet 
I'm studying for my finals the period before i take them... Nothing ever changes LOL. I'm going to fail 
@majornelson Nothing if we're just watching E3? 
@OhCurt Sorry! Nothing on the horizon 
Ewww Nothing to do this weekenddd  damn it but on the bright side i have no h/w ;)
Workworkwork!!! Til 10. Something/someone  doesn't want me to have a social life. 
I'm cold  Nothing better than a hot coffee and watch movies!
@DomtheSomm Wine starting to flow before 4 PM! Nothing left for us by 5 
@RealJudgeJules   where were the vocals on Nothing at all (rex mundi feat. susana)? they're they best bit and you missed them out, gutted 
Another night at the gap.... Nothing special otherwise....gap basically owns me! 
Wow. Everything on my plate is covered in pepper...  Even the bbq sauce is 'black pepper sauce'.
@ko0ty or was it autofocus. Something like that lolz. But no qwerty like the bb. Only touchscreen qwerty still  The Bold is nice. it's hot
Something is burning 
Something is really wrong with me 
@shamecca Lol now that's bored! But I was kicking it with a bonnie lass, watching autopsy shows, and fell asleep. Nothing interesting 
Something is eating at me but i don't know why 
Nothing quite like playing dress-up to decide what to wear to a funeral 
@iejennie ITA. the new stadium is beautiful but doesn't feel like the Mets home. Nothing to celebrate our team. They say that's coming 
but you broke something I ever had.  Something we ever had. 
Everything tastes bland.  fever &amp; flu-off you go damnnnit 
@CrisJorick my wallet is in your purse still!!! Everything is in it 
@yogicknitter Headachey and at home... Nothing to tweet about 
I've got a horrible feeling that i've run out of steam three days early. Nothing is making sense. Giving up for the day. 
@ankurb Might not be coming. Something came up 
@ries1973 sorry I couldn't help attacking you! Nothing personal, Richard!  hey, how's portugal by the way?
Something is wrong with my conputer 
Bored as fuck!!!! Nothing to do over summer break 
@LeMonjat Nothing happened. just bloody neghbour comes round every sat and it's getting very annoying cos I just wanna watch casualty  !!
@ChampIsHere Nothing...bored 
Watching Tv . . .  Nothing On 
Well im going to bed..Nothing else I can do with a new born 
Got turned down for sex again tonight. Nothing new.  and people wonder why people cheat?
Just got results back from her blood tests that were done earlier. Everything is normal except I have high cholesterol 
is sick :'( i have a head cold or Something 
Nothing stays still 
@blasianFMA Hey. @itzkimo Nothing at all... wondering why you've been mia all day.  Or has that been me?
@NKOTBahamas2009 Yup!!  Everything is cute too!
Nothing profound, just really tired 
Nothing's going to be the same anymore... 
Nothing on telly 
Nothing. Nothing to doo 
Nothing specificly 
Everything is falling on me now  - http://tweet.sg
Nothing 
Boredom boredom booooored!! Nothing to do  @jamiegilderuk can have tesco glasses and like them!!
Nothing to do but let it go 
argh, i'm so bored now. Nothing to do 
Nothing to do 
I want to go home. Everything hurts 
@DumbyLove  I'm sorry. Something I did?
On my break. Nothing to do today. I'll probably help my dad out with his job. God knows he needs it. 
@ashtonisamazing it was ok... Nothing exciting  you going to camp? I need to pay deposit
Nothing at target either 
Nothing 
Nothing 
@mahhriahh Nothing is showing up :S 
Nothing to do.. 
@johnJennett so its been decided? Aww honey i'm sorry  try not to get too down. Anything i can do?
@MsHarley *big sigh* where is my Double or Nothing?   I love that movie!
@CrazyMikesapps good thanks, Funy Video, bring it on! Something to brighten the morning when working on a public holiday 
@needlefood Sadly no.  I was trying to make it as plain as possible hoping it wouldn't irritate it. Everything seems to today.
Yogurt with Toothpaste  Nothing tastes good with toothpaste...
Looking out my window. Everything is dead quiet.   - x3 .
Clean the kitchen doing laundry and gotta pick up adn vaccuum the livingroom. Nothing happening yet!  Wish he'd come out already!!
Nothing 
I have found the most awesome car ever! Pity it doesn't exist in Aus yet. Nothing will ever seem as good now  http://twitpic.com/7gbcw
@AceyBongos That means none of my downloaded games will work as my 360 broke a couple of months ago. Everything goes back to trials. 
@thecatempire Everything in the sale reads as 'currently unavailable' - all sold out so quick? 
Nothing to eat 
@shhhhaz Nothing ever is 
@avrilchan Nothing from the window. No time to go down and see the aftermath. 
taking documents and files.  Nothing important on there, thank god.  Pissed about the pictures, but not much to be done  I hate ppl.
Say to me  &quot;Everything's gonna be alright&quot;....I am nervous 
Something is not right. I feel...not good. 
GAHD I don't wanna say it. Something's seriously wrong and we need to fix it asap. 
Has had a long, unproductive bombay day. Busybusybusy but Nothing done. 
What a day at work, for the man! Nothing but problems and I wasn't able to spend a single moment doing anything other than work! 
@perpetualvomit  Anything I can do to help?????
Sitting at peytons. Freaking out a little.. Everything should be okay  i love you guys
@AlexAllTimeLow  oh well. Nothing personal will still be amazing.
@MdmPoppyFields Anything! Anything for this to go away 
@mrstessyman collapsed off 10&quot; back door step onto already dodgy knee cannot move it well at all  Everything hurts
Very bored..........Nothing to do.......no one online to talk 2 
@RetroRudolphs Awww.  Nothing is worse than a summer bug. 
@Idialia  Nothing serious I hope?
@omgkeyana NICE. Nothing going on here, guy wise.  *le sigh*
I am hoping my buddy feels better soon.  Nothing worse than a broken heart. 
Busted watching Monk  Nothing said, but I saw the eyes look down. I know you know.
Cursing the unknown person who caused me to change my cell #. Nothing but unsolicited recordings all day long...ever since I changed it. 
@swanselephants: OOh and when I said good shows, I meant like..concerts, lawl. Nothing awesome has been announced for A-Ville yet 
@_rune Yes, yes I do. I also have a rash on my face from a tiny nose ring.  Stainless steel my foot!Nothing but high end jewelry for me 
@danawalker aww  They're the only thing I can wear since I broke my toes. Everything else hurts too much.
Nothing fits me. ughhhh i swear 
@nathstokes Aw.  Anything sparked it off?
@wd8ldy Something can be technically accessible but not as usable as we might like. 
Sitting at jon's housee. Nothing to do. 
@funnysamy no..  I don't care about that... Its.. Something...
Nothing to do today   any idea?
@Puggliscious I've taken 3 different medications in the past 12 hours. Nothing's worked. 
@HairToDieFor Nothing, my family has left me... uber sad 
Soooo bored. Nothing to do at work. 
@SueNahmi exactly. Everything ur sayn is right. And if he do go somewhere I jus kno no one can take my place 
I'm so sleepy  I must go to bed. I was planning on my last night up. Nothing goes according to plan 
@Sophie_Gill Nothing exciting here just spent money that I don't really have. And looking for work. 
Everything's just aching 
still awake.  Something is wrong with me. Must be up in 4 hours.
@ruchirfalodiya Nothing.. just woke up and looking for some templates 
Something will always be too good to be true........ 
Nothing 
I see renting prices are going to shit again, great.... Nothing we can afford at all! 
@ASilverDream yes especially with the track here. Everything is a commodity to some people 
I cannot sleep and I do not know what I am sick with. Everything is wroooong. 
@Arhum omg! Something in the heavens is against you. 
Nothing like getting to work 30 min early! 
@dalekwidow any idea if ISIHAC will be available as a Podcast? Nothing on R4 website 
At work.. Nothing on my desk  what to do?
I want a Nothing Personal bracelet 
@leeannekenny really? Nothing? Bloody hell. Even I'm disappointed 
@innocentdrinks I've never had Haribo. Nothing they make is suitable for us veggies so I miss out on cola bottles and tangfastics 
@kr_sten I wish Blender still existed. Everything fun and Maxim-extra has disappeared. 
@bubblegarm I know the feeling. Nothing worse ever than to not feel comfortable in your own skin. Especially in summer 
Changed my time zone to Tehran.  Nothing else to do right now but pray. 
Nothing 
I'm so ungry with the ppl, who says be your friend. And you mis her and you love her, and she...Nothing. 
I'm so ungry with the ppl, who says be your friend. And you miss her and you love her, and she...Nothing. 
Nothing like always im such a poorr 
Got bored looking for worj today,it's as if there's been an employment blackout  Nothing,walked all around town,every where.
You ever have one of those days where u wish u could wake up and start over? Nothing bad happened, just an off day. 
@library_chan P.S.to any normal person that is the subtitle, but to a cataloger it is the title proper and Octavian Nothing is the series 
Nothing from them yet  i still have my fingers crossed
What's wrong with me? Why can't I move on? Everything you do is a turn off &amp; yet all I wanna do is come see you tonight. alksdjvns i suck 
very boreddd. Nothing to tweet about. 
iTired. Nothing to do tonight, how sad. 
Nothing on tv ! 
Sitting in Denver airport. Everything is closed already and my flight is running late 
@Luck_YHGM  Nothing chilling kinda upset 
UHOH.  Anything I can do to help.  @documentally @thesolster http://vimeo.com/5197032
Strike Gently was mean... they said Nothing Personal leaked but it didnt...  they linked me to brokencyde....
Miserable grey day filled with rain.  Dark and depressing. I need a squee for today now. Something nice please.
Nothing to do . 
Trying to get some C# stuff working on an x64 installation of Server 2008. Nothing but trouble. 
@marthasadie I just won! Nothing happened 
I hate starting work at 8am.  Nothing is open...  Like the tobacco store 
Humidity is gross.  Everything is slightly sticky.  
Nothing to watch  why must fall be so far away??
Everything is soaked 
@rmichaels Screw you. I want to go talk to them  Anything good from the conversation?
@Lovebunny77 Nothing new to tweet  I always talk about the same stuff, Zoe and lack of sleep. I feel too boring to tweet.
@Bobby1211 Nothing yet 
@buckhollywood Nothing  I am starving......give me fooooooooooood.
Failure.Flying.Nothing....Nothing simply bcoz it is the real deal.   I want to go home.  
I promised myself I'd stop listening to Nothing Personal leaks. Why did I have to break that promise? 
@Vasilly I don't know! Nothing I have on my shelf looks appealing. I'd like to try a new book instead of re-reading a favorite. 
feels incomplete.. Something's missing in my life and I just don't know what it is. 
Nothing much...borred 
Nothing to dooo! 
Sitting at Nates.....Nothing to do!!   
I GIVE UP! Nothing I do in life seems to be right. Nothing ever lasts more than a day for me. 
Nothing for to do... anyone to talk.... i think that i'm going sleep 
Wish there was still the playoffs on tv  ARGH!!! Nothing good is going on these dayz...other than &quot;I'm a celebrity, get me outta here&quot; :/
@yellowbrickedrd  @imouttaideas I'm just so sick of all the meaninglessness. Everything seems so empty and stupid and futile 
Some of you might notice there's a big missing block of time.  Some of you might know why.  Nothing more to say. 
http://bit.ly/T0yf8 via @addthis.  Something needs to be done about lawyers who are actually willing to file frivolous lawsuits like this 
No irregular results from almost a month of testing at all. Nothing to be found except 'extremely unrestful sleep'. Yeah, no kidding 
@gilbirmingham I mean, your roles are bigger than hers. Nothing against her! Geez, that sounded all wrong before  oops 
can't believe the disgusting person who broke into her brothers car when it was on her DRIVE. Nothing is going right atm, so upset 
Bored  Nothing to do D;  i think i might go out later.
WTF     Nothing is going well.  I just so want to leave.   Fthis place. !!!! 
Nothing can make me smile 
Just updated my iPhone software to 3.0...  Boring! Nothing to be excited about 
Everything is jumping; I fail at screen capturing 
I am no longer going to drink tap water or water that is NOT bottled.  Nothing is safe anymore 
@Btica Or Something. There Goona start cuttin back on them pretty soon. I feel for the kids who don't have computers at home 
@HzNKzM well m glad you like #tweetdeck. Yea I updatd to 3.0. Everything worked fine. There arent many applications that support push yet 
going through my planner and making it look like im busy while avoiding the fact that I actually AM busy...Nothing will get done today 
WoRk tiLL 8..... Something tells me I'll be in back booth .... 
@NathalieNL Nothing she just says that everything I do is bad! 
It seems: whenevr one thing goes right in my life. . 12 more go terribly wrong  I don't understand. Nothing ever seems to wrk. .
Nothing... the weathers really bad 
@avengelynne Nothing. Just missing my hun. 
@nhaaga Nothing jus waiting to leave but its rainin 
I feel like crap, and I still have a headache  At least my new netbook is gonna be here by tomorrow. Something to fucking look forward to.
@jennyjenjen My home system crashed. Everything is down. It's like being starved of oxygen. 
Fml. Nothing ever goes the way i want it. 
I thought graduation would make me happy. Nothing is further than the truth 
didn't do zombie so played on COD4 for a while instead. Nothing worth playing really at the moment. 
@zerogravity03 I know I'm aware of that  I miss school somewhat. Home sucks! Nothing good's on tv in the moring either 
@patrickjames66 I'm sure ur not... Nothing wrong w/ that- I can't get away w/ that anymore cuz of the kids though  I actually have to cook
@LTCB_ Hey LTCB.  Nothing much, there's nothing really new going on.  
Nothing to watch on TV. What should I do? 
@raindropps Send him get well wishes from all of us!!! Nothing worse them being sick! 
Nothing to eat. I'm so food deprived. And sleep deprived 
@Ohmahlanta I second that!  Anything wrong in particular?
Damn... I need to step up my gaming.  Nothing better than a barely passing grade on  a couple of titles: http://digg.com/u167oi 
Nothing......I don't know why i made this, I don't know anybody lol 
has developed quite the unhealthy obsession with chocolate chip muffins.  Ugh.  Nothing good can come of this!! 
omg can't sleep sumthing is really bothering me.. Something big 
@strangelady Everything will be ok. At least you'll be getting something for your money. I still have that crap school to pay for 
Wait..... they are probably just random people that follow anybody. Nothing to be excited about 
Working at 3 am. Nothing is going right though  time for sleep then off to AT&amp;T in three hours.  http://yfrog.com/5kewuj
I love vietnamese music when I'm feeling down. Everything hurts right now 
Everything is repeating... I'm shaking 
@tashroudian Yeah? Peaceful, I hope... Nothing going on in Denver unfortunately. 
Ugh! My air conditioner broke during the middle of the night. Nothing like waking up to 90F temps inside 
Arrrghhhh my fashion show tomorrow has been postponed. I was sooo looking forward to it. Something about a conflict of schedules 
Everything is breaking 
Nothing to do. Wish I was hanging with my bradas 
Something does sound right, I think I need a new muffler 
@demiwood I work for a shipping company. Clear imported goods through customs.Nothing fun 
Nothing to do...how sad  
laid off... again.  Goodie.  Nothing like feeling like a complete failure and loser to get the blood flowing.  
Meant to stop at RedBox before coming home but forgot  Anything good on tv tonight?
Just had a &quot;Chocodile&quot; for the first time in my life. Nothing but a Twinkie covered in waxy chocolate. I expected a chocolate crocodile. 
@paperbackchic I did. Nothing I didnt already know. I wake up several times a night and have hard time going bak 2 sleep. No apnea. 
@JoeLovette There is but I don't think it's turned on without me doing something to the console. Everything is lit up just no extra sound 
He bought me chocolate covered bacon! Nothing says romance like chocolate covered bacon! It was gross. 
GODDAMN !!! I'm sooo bored tonight !!! Pffft !!! Nothing to do, Nothing on tv...   this sucks ...
its raining, its pouring. Nothing @ Glebe. Uuugh, I am so sad. Really wanted a to buy a tobag today  home or bookstore now ? hmph.
At home really bored. Nothing to do on a friday night 
firday night and im up to.... Nothing  lol working in the morning blahhh
Nothing rally carrina i talked to sam about it. 
#dontyouhate When people Tweet only links??? Nothing unique   #fail @twitter
@linnix @lenire @STorrence @nerdyrockchick I'm not going to be able to make it tomorrow, sorry guys.  Something came up 
Going to bed. Nothing better to do. 
Caught up on all the lifehacker posts since I've been away. Nothing majorly exciting 
@Corrie11 hardcore!!! Nothing in Oakland, sorry 
BHusseinO's credit reforms will make credit more expensive to some, unavailable to others.  Everything he touches turns to crap 
Nothing to do. 
Video call ended.. I love his voice.  Everything about him is just.. amazing. I really do wish that I could call him mine. :'(
Majorly annoyed with my laptop. Nothing on the box. 
@anatawawho Mir gehts genauso  Nothing to do....hmmm..
Nothing drives me to blog. 
Nothing to do at all may result to homework 
@tarina thanks. I ate cereal that night. Nothing sounded good here at home..have no idea why!! 
Everything is bad 
@megmaker Yum. Nothing beats fresh Mozz. I overslept and missed the farmer's market this morning so didn't get any 
Nothing makes sense anymore. 
UPDATE: Cydia its in the update process. thats why it crashes. Nothing wrong with redsn0w. sorry for the mislead 
Toys R Us  1 - SabertronToys  0 ... Nothing to buy today, the feeling is more bitter than sweet.   http://twitpic.com/7wq63
@hkparmar UPDATE: Cydia its in the update process. thats why it crashes. Nothing wrong with redsn0w. sorry for the mislead  (via @murdamw)
@TheFernMC  work and work  Nothing fun
@rjhunter I'm not a Guardianista any more.  Nothing to do with me.
Nothing in there for me. 
Nothing special! 
Annie Say: Nothing to do 
@megerinkerr I know!! I watched itthe other day. Nothing about that movie made me happy or feel good about the female psych. 
@thewitchbaby   Not really  I'm looking for anything that's like... officey or assisting to start.  Nothing so far though 
So bored today.  Nothing to do.  
Oh no  Anything happen in particular?
Nothing to do tonight  depressing!
@JonesyGirl_41 Not bad, just bored..  Nothing to do.. and all alone. 
Chillen w. The BFF... Nothing to do on a sat night?! Rain sucks 
@xpolesitions. I know what u mean!!!! Something about dashing (insert jamaican accent) away anything make ya heart kind of sad 
Nothing I do is ever good enough. 
@hmdavid Nothing big planned here. Supposed to have gone to a bbq but was canceled. Would love to go to chicago but hubby won't let me. 
@applehockey Yeah I did that a few times but to no avail. Nothing seems to work. 
@MyLightyear Nothing to watch or play on your computer? Work blows  How was your holidays??
@BecomingBella Everything's wrong. I cant find a jake 
Nothing 
Just had a two litre bottle of coke explode in the back of my car and piss everywhere. Everything is covered in sticky, brown shit 
@punkrocktenny yeah.. not fussed.. tired though.. Nothing to watch... I need a hug 
Bleh. Nothing to do today 
I'm so borrrred!! Nothing to do 
I can't believe classes got suspended again. Nothing's gonna be left of our vacation.  I rarely say this... I want to go to school!
How could he be so cruel?!!!!!!!!! He obviously can't stand me anymore. Everything is no longer the way it used to be between us...   
@Mcbumrash Nothing really bit of revision  xxx
A 15-year-old boy beat a toddler to death, a court in Manchester has been told..........Nothing ever changes  
Nothing to do tonight 
Hooome...not looking forward to tonight. Nothing sports worthy on tv  oh well...hello job apps!
stupid Strikegently just had to leak clips of every song off of Nothing Personal 
@PAULJOHNROSAL  I know, right? I'll be ok though. Everything's just overwhelming right now. Smh.
@GarnettLee Nothing beats 8-bit music 
@Hey_Steph Nothing wrong with boob sweat, well unless it's on a fat girl 
Boredd!!! Nothing to do 
@dailystruggles are you okay????? Something is up,  &lt;3
Nothing matters its always the same,it's hard to hold back the tears 
Lunch time. Kinda hungry. Nothing sounds good. Actually, let me rephrase, nothing good for me sounds good. 
@blacklilypie I'm in exactly the same place, so depressing. Nothing apart from Lorry Driver jobs today. Better than babyslicers though 
@nursed33 got 3 hours.  but that's better than. Nothing. U still working?
@lordevie Yes,just flicking through. Nothing interesting 
http://twitpic.com/88dvs Ack! Something ate all my cilantro and has moved on to the basil for dessert! 
Errrrrrr...... Something has to be wrong with me. I can't name another girl like me!  http://myloc.me/5hSE
@Moriqua143 Nothing much ma....getting sleepy 
Nothing more would make me happier then a hug right now 
Watchibg royal pains... Nothing else is on 
I need to simplified my life. Everything is headache-related 
 ... Everything is so fucked up...
@traacy Yeah its pretty messed up...nah thats all i bought! Nothing else!  hahaha what u doing for the rest of the night??
@rockbigdave Nothing 
I'm awake (: Too early ! It's 330A  Nothing good on TV until 4 ! Lol. Something better at 5A. Ughhh. I'll talk to pc until then. Lol
I am so overwhelmed right now. Nothing at work is working, I have hours and hours of work left and a huge day tomorrow. 
@gorillaslippers  I remember that all too well! Anything I can help with?
Ouchhh.  Something has got to change; I wake up and I can't move my shoulders or neck.
@chelseamakela I promise I'll watch it! I'll let you know as soon as I do. Everything is great...besides not seeing DF yet...  &lt;-sad face
@RWildThing Something you've eaten? 
Playing my Guitar Hero...Nothing to do 
@RycheRockinGirl haha Nothing sadly 
grrr fusterated. Everything in my house is breaking... 
Burnt my tongue. Haaaaate when that happens. Everything tastes weird for ages... 
not feeling well again. Something's up. I think it's time i went to the docs 
@ikbenjanine Oh where to begin! Nothing has gone right for me 2day, I think the worlds out to get me 2day haha, it hasn't been kind to me 
@Weenith how come you locked down your profile?  Everything ok?
An interesting read in the W. Post about the senate testimony of a senior exec from Cigna: http://is.gd/1daQ3 Nothing shocking, but 
Everything reminds me of you 
@openskymedia No. Nothing yet. 
Nothing lasts forever 
@pjaficionado  Having fun, loving life, happy to be in the game. Everything else is a bonus. Not just BS either!
mireika I love love love dancing with the stars. It is so entertaining and fun. Nothing more sexy than a man who can dance 
@cosmicgirlie Thinking of you. Everything crossed  Turn baby turn!
@aloria  I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but statistics indicate everyone will have one before they die. Something 2 look forward 2. 
YAY Everything is back 
Ah, so nice to see that my avatar and background page has been returned to me. Something to be said for ignoring problems after all. 
@XAlien88 agh!!!! Nothing could possibly be that great!!!! 
Giveaways galore on my blog, http://www.SheScribes.com. Also many reviews (products and books). Something for everyone. 
Nothing so refreshing like walking in rain.... Its pouring like hell 
@sexythinker @Mollyinfolode:- Nothing like a dip in the ocean when it's 42, huh?  
@alora Nothing like going to sleep with the movie on, pretty comforting 
@ErinMogul Anything! 
@abcdude I just went on Wikipedia to learn more about Jake Tapper, then looked up you. Nothing! What gives?! 
Nothing interested 
@MisterNoodle awww - I did miss it... sowwy. It's basically gone now  Nothing a lil advil and a LOT of water couldn't fix.
Nothing more British than walace and gromit! Absolutly cracking! Just watched the movie again 
Cherry jello and simply apple apple juice. What is better? Nothing. 
Word. Retweeting @JessiO: Nothing is better than a hot pink pedi! It's my go to 
Always followin' stars... No matter what... But stars in the real meanin' to the word... Nothing compares to... 
Nothing else to do  http://www.i-dressup.com/fashion/
@Hemanshu Anything that generated money in a grim economy. 
Doing Nothing:.......... 
@TalSh Something you said about the University being closed... 
@BoFirstDog Everything is better with a British accent 
@wolfbane Jealous, say hi to him for me! And thank you for remembering my hyphen. Nothing like a weirdly spelled name to make one anal. 
Couldn't sleep so I decided to get up and pay some bills.  Something must be wrong with me. 
Has a case of the Mondays.  Nothing a little coffee won't fix 
@MacOCD Anything for a good friend.  DockDodger/Dockless are indispensable tools for clearing out background apps from the dock.
@jackstow It's all these people that have been laid off. Nothing better to do besides make up recession related puns and rhymes! 
@anystab I know what you feel right now. Everything will be fine! 
@cshel not sure when it ends - but its pretty funny when you start beating them at 2 instead of three.. Nothing like changing the rules 
Nothing now, but just started this and looking forward to exploring it. 
I looooove these Brazilian crazy holidaysss!! Just love 'emm ! A whole free day to do... Nothing  o/
@officialpeta You're welcome! Anything I can do to help 
@aaron_d_smith you are exactly right. Everything will go viral and as of now you can be your own manager 
@kikila Avocado &amp; bell pepper salad for me, curries with rice for the hubby and his dad. Nothing terribly exciting, but I enjoyed it. 
Answering some quizzes at Facebook. Nothing much to do. Later i'll be watching some DVDs  Yay.
@seanbiggerstaff Thanks for letting me follow. You were great in HP!  What have you been doing lately? Movies? TV? Music? Something else?
@NiaBassett if u didn't get it nothing changes, if you did then you've got a good job. Nothing to be scared if 
@MarkLim It's not a matter of making others believe you, it's just about speaking the truth. Nothing more, nothing less. 
My brother is coming over. Nothing else matters 
Nothing 
@Jaderickstump I know! I just nearly fell backwards down the stairs  Anything eventful happen in your day, dearest?
@invinzee Anything goes 
Kool! Everything fits comfortably now w/o things poking out  @kidelhi
@angelofmel Nothing wrong with that.  I love her album at the moment.  
Nothing like going to boomers 
@DujourMag usually coffee versus sugary sweets. Nothing energizes me like caffeine 
We are growing so fast since this is Something that has taken Off like Nobody ever thought.  We won't have HOLES in this 2 X 2 Matrix.  
@mynameismo lol  Something warmer too I imagine.
Nothing to do...except stay on the internet. 
In four days, if I contacted u: there's something important, ure important, or I missed you. Nothing: I ? my holiday more! 
Nothing happened when i tweeted myself :| @Amberrrlynn i love you, too! And, now i'm texting you. 
@heathermeeker Aww, I'm honored sweetie. Nothing scary about it. Just blog when you're enjoying wine. Kind of way I tweet w @TitosVodka 
@EpicNaushinFail You have made me  a very happy person.  I love Skyping with you.  Nothing makes my day complete without a call to you 
@Jonasbrothers ' Nothing's gonna slow me down '  - Nicholas J. ! 
@AKAVirtualPA Everything and Nothing Hmmmmmmm 
@samanthad Nothing wrong with that samantha 
http://www.efteling.nl/ Today: Nothing but Efteling-fun !! Not too sure about that Python-rollercoaster-ride though 
I am at school ^^ Nothing to do 
@cmykara Something like that! 
Reminising on such a wonderful day yesterday with my family and my love.  Nothing like shooting some basketball with the men in my life 
@dboyd1 Yep. Nothing to worry about. 
Mana - Everything they've ever made since 1986 
Morning all! Something for the weekend and leftover dominos. Noiiiiice 
@Sarcasmoo ... Waited for the band before the Singapore show, met Chris M and got tickets... Nothing you don't know! 
@Catwoman123 Something like that 
@halia Smile. Everything worked out. 
Nothing but an application of support bandage so far, but is lovely and sunny 
@TizzySizzleberg Yep  Nothing new kids sadly, lol!!
@HollBuz Something or someone nudging you? If its someone, it could mean they like you 
@NeSsIe_Cullen10 Nothing really... just reading a book ,and looking for a quil... like always *sigh*  i keep my hopes up  *laugh*
LoL @ Nothing 
Nothing feels better than snuggling in bed with freshly cleaned sheets.  night twitterworld.
@aktiff08 Are you Amish? @Radioblogger just was answering my query if he was shunning me! Nothing against the Amish!  #hhrs #tcot #hcb
Ahhh... Nothing like a spotless house and clean sheets! 
@cameronreilly ...yeah, lord, why not ME? ;D Nothing wrong with single malts. 
@mariajessica I love my laptop! Everything was still there all along when I switched it on.  phew! That was close.
@JanSimpson Nothing undeserved or worth whining about. Just sayin. 
@imjtk  :Thanks for the advice. Everything's changing in my life these days so I'm gonna go with the stream. .. and create. 
Ah.. Nothing like new episodes of the office 
Nothing like being micromanaged from 559 km away.  
Working, got a nice price on some soda  Nothing else yet O_o
@snlildude87 Nothing really  You?
@Jennyluxx  Nothing muchhh just got done uploading to youtube aha and you ? follow me  ill do thee same
@jelissamone Selfish can be a good thing... Nothing wrong with that! 
The only problem with @ahoova's idea is that people who do NOT want to see all your replies will now see them...Hmm...Nothing's perfect! 
@Savvygrl7 I'm alright thanks  Anything planned for today? x
@jason_2008 Yay!!! What is it? Something equally fun to squeeze i hope! How was the movie? 
@kellishaver Nothing wrong with that! 
I'm FINE people! Everything is copacetic in my world...besides lack of $$ and the regular ills, I'm a happy girl! 
Cruising with Foofoo!! :*** Nothing can be better 
@thisisbree yeah, i thought it would get bigger, but it was fine.  It was small; nothing fell.  Everything's fine. 
@NicholeAudrey Anything you want...say the word and it's yours.  
Nothing 
Home, finally! Everything went spectacularly; sparks flew,the whole bit. Such a jet setter lol. Okie time for sleeeep.. 
@iamthemuse Something short and sweet lol 
@IlanBr hahaha! Nothing's stopping us eh? 
Yay! Everything is back to perfection! Getting a new present tomorrow!!! Cause im spoiled by him 
@yamstersg Nothing. I just detest college. 
@FoolishLamb1502 Nothing quite like chilling out to some great music 
@ravisagar Agreed! Nothing can replace Paper 
@suziperry  'squaking'? Is this presenterspeak? Something between a squark and a squeak? 
@kelownagurl Oh. Nothing ever goes away on the Internet, I guess. 
is excited about the possibilities of what a new week will bring! Anything is possible!!! 
Something real weird is goin on!!! 
@annaloren its pretty smal, but its amazing... Everything shopping yeah yeah! I definitely want to go back there one day! 
@danacias sweet! Something to do @ work that's not work 
@ckEpiphany Like the idea of that poll, hope it'll help. Everything fine around here, same for you I hope? Greez overseas 
@Venus30 Nothing Serious 
 @Lucalexa i don't know. Nothing like the soothing sounds of minimal washing machine electronica!
And the trek continues on... goin to grab grub and head back to home base coming up. Nothing exciting... just some unwinding 
@LilCease Awwww that was sweet of you...thats why your my sweetie  Nothing but love back..im shocked i got this much of your time love 
@Tarv &quot;Everything darwins said is wrong and evolution has never been proven and nothing is evolving now the bible is the best book&quot; 
@glenndavid Something like that 
@Broekie Nothing! Just do it! 
@corcoran You tell me, is he?  Everything is here: http://twtvite.com/jl5172
Run dont walk the sky is falling through dont talk tonight im so confused im lost...im lost with you   Nothing Personal 
I really can't wait for Nothing Personal / the Weightless video! 
Just cooked a light meal and .... Nothing more to say 
@karawr yay!!! Nothing makes me happier than new clothes  ...weeeell...almost nothing lol
@Nolotto Nothing, many writers are busy so there aren't many blog posts, but we will start posting soon! 
@MudslideMama sounds like fun. Nothing beat a PINK jeep. 
@duskyblueskies EVERYBODYs broken- always BEEN broken, somehow- we're just getting better at identifying it. Nothing to fear - Move along 
@kathryn_green_x Nothing + you? 
Just thinking about to tweet everything. Means more stuff I'm up to. Nothing like &quot;Being on the Loo for 10 min&quot; but more stuff I'm doing 
@etherjammer Nothing planned, I am exciting! 
@AdamCarn Yum! Nothing like fresh florets 
My job is great -I wake up in the morning and am greeted everyday by naked woman  Nothing like boobs to kick off the day.
@joeloleson Congratulations Joel! Nothing better than that 
@TranqJones Yay! Anything I can do to make someone's life a little bit more magickal. 
is going camping this weekend! Nothing like swimming in the river, smores, and sitting around the campfire 
3 day weekend... Anything happening? I need to see my friends.. 
@kolfriendfeed Excellent news! Everything crossed here for you 
@ttlovely04 awe why? Zack's just gone...We aren't! Nothing has changed at all 
As The Killers so eloquently put it... Everything will be alright. 
@redLIGHTjoli Nothing  it's just a bunch of random words.
Enjoyed tonight's graduating cohort's pep talk/Q&amp;A. Everything you wanted to know about getting through but were afraid to ask 
@leftwanting Nothing much. Just jamming to some music.  What's up?
Daaaaang! Nothing beats working at a restaurant overlooking a beautiful beach and listening to banging music while you do it!  JIGGA!
@kpmuse01 yay!! Anything for you m'dear! And me and @lilmomz do what we can 
@1_50_1 YEAHHHH!! I'm HAAAPPYYY!! Everything is beautiful 
