Most common words for this cluster:
[('nothing', 1507), ('tv', 55), ('lol', 34), ('haha', 26), ('theres', 25), ('anything', 21), ('something', 21), ('amp', 18), ('today', 17), ('done', 15), ('com', 15), ('u', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'nothing', 0.9762201905250549), (u'anything', 0.8511109352111816), (u'something', 0.7419038414955139), (u'Nothing', 0.7055158615112305), (u'everything', 0.6860297322273254), (u'nobody', 0.6654781103134155), (u'anybody', 0.6524408459663391), (u'not', 0.6184548735618591), (u'no', 0.6067485809326172), (u'never', 0.6054328083992004)]





I'm really cold. I don't want to go to sleep yet but there's nothing to do 
@marnieblaze haha nope. i guess nothing is original these days 
@nmcgivney yeah ploughed around there last night.. .but nothing happening 
...with nothing but your t-shirt on 
@SophieClaeys Like what? There's nothing to do 
is starving but nothing looks appealing in my fridge 
@Stephdadi @kabutcher early symptoms yet nothing too bad still hoping its just that 
@LeeLeeee yeah i have. looked/phoned/knocked on doors/put up 'missing' posters. and....nothing.... 
wath are you doing?    i have nothing to do! 
@Rubyletters nope. nothing. 
Thinks he is going to watch wall-e tonight since he has nothing else to do 
@YolandaMonique dmn sorry to hear that.. nothing cool to say just srry to hear that   
the only reason i don't talk to you as much is because there is nothing to talk about. 
i have nothing to twitter about yet. 
12.20 and still nothing 
@ash_zx nothing  you?
homework. because i have nothing better to do 
doing nothing now 
has nothing to do todaay  uggh!
@delbius No, nothing 
nothing right now 
@asot400 nothing is working 
doing absolutley nothing 
@LauraLunchable I suggested doing something else but there is like nothing to do 
I don't have nothing, any sound and any video 
#asot400 cant get nothing 
@RobKaas you're making me hungry. :/ i have nothing good to snack on, either. 
@Rachealblack110 nothing much, babysitting 
@MissVlovesyou I do too  I message him but nothing.
has nothing to do 
so bored, theres nothing to do. 
@Gavinners Dude, I was totally updating while pooping. I had nothing else to do. 
ohh not even sleepy.....95% awake  and a whole lot of nothing to do!
nothing at all 
just came back form fishing, and caught nothing  not one bite!
i hate when there's nothing on tv 
nothing to do....bored 
bored...nothing to do 
ssoooo boredd. nothing goood on TV 
@VeggiesWarcraft hmmm I see your point....well I got nothing 
@SharonMcP eeerm nothing there and then I got five pop ups 
@amazingphoebe nothing, it doesn't matter  i love you 
doing nothing..just lovesick 
@caaaitysarah :\ theres nothing to do.. 
I'm starving and I've got nothing in the kitchen 
really bored doing nothing!!!!!!  don't wanna go tomoz because im so lazy! i have nothing to look forward to............... 
merrrrg...i got up at 7:30 for nothing 
naaah. nothing i dont already hav. 
morninggg. stuck doing nothing 
@harisn i'm too three four much hungry but got nothing to eat..   
@Rachealblack110 gahh, still nothing  you?
@angelicmischief nothing.. stood up and pomptly hit the floor  then threw up
@glennishamorgan i know haha i just haven't been feelin it lately and nothing to tweet about anymore 
@lisascottplus2 nothingg just flipping through the channels, there is nothing good on 
@dajooles me tooooooooooooo i feel so bad!   just glad you werent speeding on the highway or nothing!
feeling poorly today  nothing worse when your a grown up, as you still try to battle on and usually make matters worse.
@blackbiscuits nothing is significant to me! 
@notaplayer83 I hoped for a pic too...But nothing 
is sick as hell and has absolutely nothing to do. 
waiting for new iphone...nothing but grief from this one 
@MattJo still down  I swear I did nothing
@doshdosh sadly nothing is safe from spammers and/or marketers 
@ljkyler I tried that earlier and it did nothing  it took me off the site
still can't follow @warrenellis  I click and click and nothing happens
is really bored and  has nothing to do!! 
has nothing to say right now.  http://plurk.com/p/pbl9k
hungry, and nothing to eat 
doing nothing.. 
is doing nothing 
nothing creeps me out more than spiders. 
watching scrubs, haha theres nothing else on 
I surely hope it's nothing serious. I can't lose all my files! 
nothing 
@uniiquesoul haha I have problems. But it's keeping me awake  so I have nothing else to do
I hate my sk08  it causes me nothing but trouble
has nothing to do again...  http://plurk.com/p/rcgq4
@BeaLindo no, and i'm doing nothing here! 
what to do today?? i prob will ummm do nothing yay. oh i better not have any homework. 
I am soo bored... Theres nothing good to watch on tv 
nothing 
@WillyRoo ah whats new top score??? i only done 500 words too but better than nothing 
@LemonpiY i'd be willing to try the ants right now, nothing else is working! 
@PotterMoosh I'm getting a cold  Blaah, nothing some sort of alcoholic beverage shouldn't sort 
@jakemarsh my emer.radio does nothing... 
@shkittlez224 oh but there's nothing there on the forward  just your signature 
Wow that's so homo! There's nothing to eat  I'm so hungry!
@sarabeth0604 Aw. I wish I was there with you too. I miss you. And our talks about everything and nothing  And the beach would be amazing!
@SuperEna97 ugh, you got me all hyped for nothing 
it sucks to know your losing someone and theres nothing you can do to change it 
is kind of concerned   hopefully over something that will turn out to be nothing...fcking insecurity :/
I really wish I had had nothing to do with the broken glass. 
has to find a creative approach for a presentation but nothing yet... 
is bored and has nothing to do 
@vikusia ohh  i left around 9 because it was kind of failing and nothing was happening and i wanted food. and was too tired to come back.
@zilch dude, eating too much of it is bad. 
sitttting here, doing nothing ! 
got all dressed and did my make up for nothing  booooo
feeling like celebrating but have nothing to celebrate 
@dancer4lifex nothing. i'm severely bored cause i have no one to talk to. 
OhMyGod i have nothing to tweet about besides my burnt face 
@BostonTweet - nothing for those of us under 21 
nothing much. Just a lazy sunday! BUt..... I don't feel very good..... 
@iamsundae and u got me nothing  lol
nothing worse than stubbing your toe 
Doing nothing , bored as 
I'm alone now. I miss you  come back, my love ?. I am nothing without you here! you are everything to me, and I love you so much [..]
@inkedveggie it was too far gone to try to save and I couldn't help it out of it's misery so i put it where nothing would eat it 
swears nothing is worst than lost keys 
@JCity2412 there's nothing to rub 
@SuckaproofHov nothing much jus chillen watching movies, bored as hell 
has nothing to do... 
@Thyrannosaur thanks bubba! how was justins? did i miss out or whattt... i barely got anything done 
doin nothing as usaual i only have 8 followers  lol
doin nothing as usaual i only have 8 followers 
... I have nothing to say or do... how sad  I am actually pouting...
nothing to do 
@Littleradge i see nothing different 
is doing nothing much 
Is hungry but nothing on campus is open 
still nothing to say 
i would love nothing more than to to back to sleep right now  hateeee mondays
i dislike finding out all my friends can't stand me, i had a hunch, but i've done nothing wrong 
I have nothing to read 
@lillygrace nothing grrr 
what to do what to do???nothing every interesting happening...bordem is a curse. 
@engineerwife I thought that it was not-big-deal tumors--just odd growths but nothing that would hurt her??????      
there's nothing to eat 
@Sneezure I have nothing to do now that the boards are down. 
so tired...nothing to do 
@MelissaMAGICx3 lmao. i have nothing wear anyways 
It's raining here.. I got nothing to do! 
It's raining here.. I got nothing to do!   
And seriously not sleepy for some reason so lame. Also nothing good on tv to watch 
doing nothing 
nothing 
@spiffykittytamr i only got messages from 5:44 &amp; nothing before that. 
is so not taking this anymore after i've done nothing this wat i get!! n they dont even tell me the truth n reason!! 
at sean houseee ; doing nothing 
has nothing to do. 
its pigeon here doin nothing at all 
@chrisgscott  nothing i can do to help?
@matt @samstarling, just an update on the #wavefinder experiments, sadly it seems to have some dodgy internals, picks up nothing 
So far I have achieved nothing and it's midday. 
@tenny_id  - you were right....it was 20 bucks    but I guess it's better than nothing!
i want to write soooo bad... but i can't get my ideas out. nothing makes sense.. 
@BeeColl nothing is romantic without u in the pikture!! 
nothing  haha!
@PhoneTrips I tried it and nothing 
@dollarcoin there was nothing 
@lamborghinibow WHEN r u finally coming to holland?! been waiting for years &amp; I'm starting to think I'm waiting for nothing 
sat at college with nothing to do 
@jamethiel_bane there is nothing positive about this situation.  ugh.
damn lazy to housework. not today.  i need some entertainment! not looking forward to anything. nothing this weekend. how sad.  
getting our futures told by gary mckinstry!  as usual...i have nothing to look forward to - lopez 
i feel sick. and it's nothing to do with accidents or doctors. the ratrace sucks bigtime 
strange mood... nothing to do 
theres nothing to do im so bored 
so much to do and getting nothing done 
Is bored out of her mind, trying to study but nothing is happening 
@adammurlewski I guess, but still, a hint...it's unfair beyond belief  - I bet - nothing changes. It was meant to happen.
is home alone and there is nothing on TV.. getting bored 
And I'm pissed, no nothing personal shirts 
I've been abandoned with nothing to eat. 
i have nothing to doooooz  text?
@CodyBlair can't text!  i im'ed you.. anyway nothing major.
i've got nothing to say... i can't think of anything.. aww.. 
@lashy21 nope I aint got no girlfriend or nothing just me ..... 
I have nothing better to do but go to bed 
@Licokitty I'm doing well. how are you? we miss you too!  what's the big distractionn? haha nothing too excitingg don't worry!
I've got nothing to do. Siiigh. 
@ComedyQueen not sure really, nothing much to do  you?
so bored nothing on tv nothing to do 
@MarvMilly http://twitpic.com/5cp2d - nothing special 
has nothing 2 do cos its raining again 
is hungry  nothing to eat
paid programming is crap, but there is nothing else on at 5 am 
nothing exciting coming my way 
sister came back...but nothing for me 
@caitlinn_ goooood thankyou im soooo hungry tho and there is nothing in 
just had lunch..!! there's nothing good on TV  bored -_-
Ahhh, nothing to do 
@michelledodd Was it saved? If not, there is nothing to retrieve. 
trying to upload pix but sad to say.....nothing happened...... 
nothing to wear 
@MaryLandrum no  nothing my parents and i can agree on
i hate sundays, there's nothing to do 
nothing 
trying to write a song, but i have nothing to write about 
street soccer canceled, nothing to do todaay 
I have nothing to talk about  poor me *smirks* surely @xxSummerr will help me??!!??
nothing to do here.... and im depressed 
@DazzleMeThis i'm sick  you?, nothing much really, you?
I'm currently doing nothing. What a suprise 
I am deeply upset.  nothing can describe how i feel ...
I slept barely nothing , i'm tired 
just chilling, got nothing to do sooo bored!!! 
@jl have you heard the saying, nothing is official -until it is officially denied 
nothing.... 
nothing seems to make any sense on twitter anymore, its all fragemented 
head sore and nothing done on essay...simply procrastinating 
@ling67 haha! an unexpected witty comeback. I must think quick.... nah got got nothing 
nothing at all i am so bored 
Just here doing nothing 
Starving with nothing to eat but a fucking apple 
has nothing exciting to do 
nothing, sweet nothing  
@DJAnonymousDC.....nothing good on tv 
@LiaHayatz ..compartment hidden by stacks of worksheets and file. so much time to rummage through. nampak sah got nothing better to do! 
was sleeping, but i'm definitely not anymore. there's nothing worse than this 
On the plus side, I now know what a homojunction is (I lol'd) but it's nothing like it sounds (I retracted my lol  )
ugh i feel not very good + have a really bad hangover.  i just wanna lay here + do nothing. at least it's not so hot outside anymore, yay.
Out of all nites this tooth wants to hurt now. Ughhhh I'm pain there is nothing I can do about it... 
knows one thing - that he knows nothing 
I`m bored.  I`ve been online since I woke up. :| There`s nothing to doooo.
@JenniTombe @culdo nothing too serious just anaemic related unconciousnesses. I feel so beast  and still having to work euch!
@justinmccall really? weird. it does nothing anymore. 
eating breakfast but there is nothing in 
@SACLMP nothing u failed me lastnight 
Ugh. I`m hungry !  There`s nothing here to eat. 
@OweeW nothing much,geography shit   you??
@yelyahwilliams oh that sucks  without my phone i'm nothing haha
says nothing has come up until now...  http://plurk.com/p/vgfnk
I've driven through 75mi of absolutely nothing with a lot of absolutely nothing more to come. I wish the sun would come out already.  
@roseformyrose oh no, not more drama! I hope it's nothing serious 
@jaymc123 In their heads, I guess, nothing much..... 
Fridays are not fun when there is nothing to do 
@meriel me too  got nothing to do
All my shows have ended!  I have nothing to watch.
@followddt don't talk about food. There is nothing in the house and I've had nothing to eat yet. 
showdown's over but nothing is accomplished 
Going out plans scrapped. All dressed up for nothing 
is very bored with nothing to do! 
@mcbillions nothing much just woke up &amp; just realizing it friday 
nothing getting bored 
@lindseylue nothing anymore 
Feels like nothing is going right. 
well, i got nothing to do.. so bored... 
Another 40 mins...to sit here and do nothing! 
really getting boring these days.nothing much exciting anymore 
why does nothing good happen to me 
@twilove66 nothing  i cant decide if i want to listen to music or boringly drift off to sleep. you?
@sweetkisses277 lol. If it makes you feel any better I'm starving and there's nothing here 
@xxkingofkingsxx nothing, drawing... and I don't know  I keep tryna upload one but it doesn't let me.
There is nothing on tv &amp; I can't sleep 
i'm boring~ at my office there is nothing to intersting 
bored, nothing to do 
what am l doing?? .....nothing much atm 
i have nothing to do 
i'm so bored i can barely even tweet. i have nothing to talk about.  #boredboots
EXPECTO PATRONUM!!! ----- nothing happens.. 
@OpheliaPunk nothing  it's sad, actually
nothing 
Just finished watching terminator. Other than the music nothing is great 
@bbyowls i know   but its better than nothing
: nothing to do 
@Pharriell nothing  let's stay quiet together. ps: did you cry?
bored bored bored. nothing to do today besides work at 5 
@nickcres ive tried to, and nothing has worked. i dont think he's all that bothered *sigh* 
he killed everyone for nothing. :o  :-ss
I have nothing witty to say 
That's it? It's done already? This is one proof that there's nothing fair in this world.   http://bit.ly/10UEMq
is doing nothing  lol
promised myself not to eat crisps but im starving and theres nothing else quick to eat 
My paycheck was nothing but a piece of paper. 
ayy fml. nothing is perfect 
My parents wachting tv but it is terrible and there is nothing else  me so sad
@hwilliams3782 thanks, it's a job that pays the bills and nothing new except for the 15 sec trailer...I keep looking but nothing else 
this sucks schools over and there is nothing to do 
i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:
nothing 
@sanazj I dunno, I have tried it in various forms and nothing, can't really like it  my dislike of cheese is an enigma to me
nothing good on TV 
i've got nothing witty to tweet 
nothing to do  
@ghxststories boys r nothing but trouble...i love trouble 
@brian_jenkins nothing yet 
looks like it got cloudy again outside! and i have nothing to do tonight! boo friday 
so bored. nothing to do 
@caramp lol you saw where I was going with that...both of my last names are to common nothing special on me 
@TheStoryStarts nothing aimed at you, just joining in...sorry 
sitting down doing nothing after being stuck in the house for 4days i had all intentions of doing something but it never works out 
jungle book 2 is sooooo cute.. i have nothing to eat or drink 
friday.....i have nothing to do so sad 
there's nothing worse than getting a text about a dog that was abandoned in your town 
I'm saucy w nothing to do  @carmelamarie y did we separate again? Lol.
@ktl360 I would but I have nothing to drink 
friday night with nothing to do 
I need something to watch... there's nothing on tv 
@sarahjericho Aww that's awful, I'm sorry.  I'm sure it's nothing though, so just forget it... if you can lol.
with jaclyn. we have nothing to do... 
there is nothing on tv. 
really bored nothing planned for the weekend yet  new to twitter anyone want to help me ?
has nothing interesting to contribute to twitter 
@ashleyyakira sadness then I was looking for shoes and really found nothing 
I win nothing. 
going to hookah.. there is nothing better to do in pittsburgh when you're under 21  but sphinx is bomb.
its friday and I have nothing at all to do   
With nothing to do but describe what I ate last, I suddenly realize...I am...TWEETLESS. 
@mileycyrus dont feel  be happy!  There's nothing prettier than a smile!
@PrincessKaulitz nothing else 
downloading cards and charging batteries. still starving, but there's nothing to eat in here. 
argh i have nothing to do tonight 
boring... nothing to do now!!! 
nothing's pretty right now... 
I still haven't eaten &amp; I'm so hungry it huuuuurts  there's nothing that makes me want to eat it here, hmm I need sun screen (:
nothing to report 
@anahamster haha nothing goes on there anymore 
@SaFitzgerald - no there is nothing there 
sooo bored! nothing good to watch 
Sometimes there is nothing you can do... They will never understand 
There's nothing to watch on TV. It's driving me nuts, but i really should be asleep right now 
@JediJustin nothing in my inbox 
nothing to do 
there is nothing to do with~ 
is trying his best but nothing is going in  http://plurk.com/p/x7cxo
its sooo boring,nothing to do 
@Dejae_ im goin to school in a bit then i have nothing else to do 
@HansOei tahlillan is over now,doing nothing...both of us 
@macster7 what's with the laugh? LOL. i am pissed actually. i've been asking nicely but i'm getting nothing. 
just being depressed over nothing again which i hate  
Absolutely nothing. 
theres nothing to watch but top chef 
@djtechnasty thanks its not working right though I click on a song and nothing happens 
There is a little injured bird who can't fly and there's nothing I can do 
right after i write that nothing works 
nothing but the taste of blood 
Is doing some errands - nothing exciting 
I want nothing.The last one chapter from heroes..i am not prepared 
i have nothing to wear! 
kinda mad i didn't do anything yesterday &amp;&amp; i have nothing to do today 
has nothing to wear 
@kerryisonfire i cant think of them  and i googled them, nothing came up D:
@smosh everything i voted for in the first round didn't get through, now there's nothing i wanna vote for in the second round 
mets down 2 nothing 
@mileycyrus hahaha yehh that's what i'm doing too except i'm doing homework instead of nothing 
i have nothing to do tonight 
I called &amp; called &amp; called again but nobody answered.I wasted my nearly dying cdma for nothing.all I could do was getting pissed off 
which movie i have nothing to do 
@meeelferraz nothing,now i'm go study 
nothing to say+nothing to do= boredom 
@prettypinkpuff I can't complain ! It's just hot out &amp; I got nothing to do hun 
Doing nothing 
you know when you're so thirsty nothing will stop the thirst? 
i'm so bored. there's nothing good on tv 
is going to a wedding bc she has nothing else to do..by herself 
Wilderness is boring when you have nothing to do. 
bored like crazy.  nothing on the tv 
I'm starving and there's nothing I want to eat. 
Why is it that while you are sick... there is nothing on tv? 
@derfolicious  me n chris really want to...getting nothing in the way of responses from anyone else. 
the kids are asleep now I have nothing to do 
@MsJennNicole  nothing much im stuck n the valley as of now 
Ugh, I don't know what to do when he's like this. There's nothing I could possibly say to him to make him feel any better 
This sucks sitting here with nothing to do 
nothing to do 
i have nothing to do 
258 Channels and nothing to watch 
And still nothing changes. 
so bored nothing to do 
I bet that now since I'm on nothing awesome will happen 
@nothing_to_sea I do that with those csi shows since I'm a criminal justice major I can't help it  but I can see how it ruins it
doing nothing 
got nothing to do! 
BAAAAH. I tried uploading a new pic, and now nothing's showing up. 
there is nothing to do 
nothing to do tonight 
@theePROTEGE absolutely nothing 
@nareejo sorry, nothing yet 
There is nothing better than going to bed annoyed. 
I love you so much it hurts. And i miss you like crazy  nothing is the same anymore.
boring... only music there,,, nothing else  http://bit.ly/I7Y7W
Thinks her profile is naked because there is nothing on it 
@sk88z I'm not in on the whole E3 scene... I know nothing about it 
nothing 
Has nothing to do! 
nothing! 
@goebicyu I have nothing to do 
up with nothing to do  get at me haha
I'm doing nothing instead of studying   
@funkyfairy24    I have nothing I feel so un manly ; ( x
doing nothing 
Tired and headachy this morning. It's so nice outside but if I go outside to revise I'll get nothing done 
@DesirNoir I have just straightened mine ;) hahaha. I know it's warm but I have nothing to do 
@weareleet I'm now hungover, had so much greasy food but nothing is helping... 
nothing to do 
I got nothing to do 
nothing on the TV anymore. 
is doing nothing. 
booring.... nothing to do 
nothing good to watch on the TV right now..  sooo Bored!
@jeeaans oh, you were forcing me?  bully. urhm dunt mind really, nothing too expensive x
@80zBabi ... nothing 
@JKFalsettoKing well...i do cause we have nothing after ... 
I'm deciding to turn my heartbreak into motivation to kick ass on this canvass! Even though it seems like nothing else is important 
i am so bored there is nothing 2 do 
huh, I set up a subscription and I swear it said that I did so, but nothing happened. 
@gppg I have nothing to do now, I'm so bored 
@MandyyJirouxx i can only vote for movies and nothing els 
@thenaturalmommy and then I woke her up when I got up to see what his problem was. Of course nothing. But then we were both really up. 
@Dannymcfly answer me please ;; i don't have nothing to do and i think you too, or have? we can talk here and won't get bored. tweet 
@if_i_fell me to    i really don't want it to end &amp; yeah i cried aswell  i guess nothing lasts forever tho booohooo
I'm bored , during the 2 last days I always had something to do...But now that I have nothing to do I'm bored !!! 
bored. nothing to do. i would sleep but i dont want to. 
Just had dim sum in mpk. So sad there's nothing close in nor cal 
I am trying to recuperate from yesterdays festivities but nothing is working! 
@PatiMc i can't vouch for that becuase i can't smell so when i stood next to him i smelled nothing 
I am so bored tonight. NOT content sitting on the couch doing nothing. 
nothing! 
Just got done swimsuite shopping with the bestie she found a really cute one and I found nothing....... 
nothing feels right when im not with you....... 
@ronnimarlipono haha it's nothing much.. just feeling jaded i think....  i miss you guys!!
i have nothing to do 
got nothing to do, bored 
@sgBEAT:bluepirate but sew for nothing. 
boring holiday, nothing happens 
Still nothing 
nothing to do on this lovely day....  everybody has to learn.. Or lives too far away from here!! Not fair!
@kaylafancypants nothing really lol you have to remove you vids ?  
::blinks::  I have nothing to say. 
It's lovely out and there's nothing to do! 
Fucking foot!!! Hurts so much, and nothing I do will make it better 
done maths exam , now home , with nothing to do 
I wish I had something creative to say this morning, but nothing's coming to mind.  
nothing much on TV. 
@luveysun nothing really...going to work 
@SamanthaFIERCE &amp; u never say nothing.  where u @ ? Lol
@dxoigmn I know it's scary! You know if they find the plane nothing good could have happened. 
nothing to do... 
.been doing nothing!. 
@msibathadiva nothing much. You need to take me with you to jamaica. 
@olliewo ALSO, 140 characters do nothing justice, least of all this album 
@tokiohotelusa I was counting down.  And there is nothing new 
If anyone wants to send over any good news, we'd like to hear it today - nothing positive has so far has come in 
I am doing nothing worth writing. 
@Axelsrose *passes jellybabies* (I've got nothing, sadly.  Trying to cut back.)
@banoura nothing is working! I'm twittering on my iphone! 
i hate been in england where nothing exciting happens  
@JeniPoynter_x ahhh cool. they had nothing green in new look or primark tonight  well, nothing nice green.
i am so bored right now i have nothing to do 
nothing to do here! 
@Ashalee22 nothing cures mine. i've tried everything. i just have to let them happen. 
nothing 
in socials, doing nothing, wanting to nap 
There is nothing to freaking do 
@Twisuz  nope nothing! 
nothing new announced yet  ... #kojima #mgs #nextkojima
@violinistliz i just hope nothing bad comes back from said prodecures 
@ChicoNate There's nothing I'd want to do more... but it wouldn't make sense from a financial standpoint. Unfortunately. 
@ULIKEumTALL lol nothing at all 
@MerewichDaBitch  But its good nothing of value got destroyed. The whole situation is horrible though, you dont deserve that.
There is nothing to do tonight 
@neozz1 it means im super bored and have nothing to do! 
theres nothing like twitterberry....i miss it. 
i want a nothing personal shirt 
watching tv nothing on 
@majornelson been trying to play 1vs100 since it started but get nothing but errors saying its full 
@robineccles um..nothing? did i say something wrong? if i did im sorry 
@GeraldPope i did!        nothing is working
I just rung the joint.....nothing 
@tygerbaby the've been there already and there was nothing. 
@danielscrivner I already purchased coda and transmit - so nothing that I was excited about unfortunately 
@rpe7890  DUDE i've been trying to upload different pictures and nothing is working 
nothing to tweet. 
@tommcfly I prefer the other one!hauahahaua Now you've got nothing 
@evliving No, that's nothing to laugh about 
@doenya74 i read that, but still feel sad. He doesnt say that for nothing. 
if u want to be legally correct, dont step into transportation dept. nothing is proper.  #wtf
@GRITTYMAN nothing much... up as usual... I really think I have insomnia! 
@melidm i tried that n nothing...........  let me try again!
Theres nothing more soul-crushing than trying to study and not being able to 
nothing can go right for me tonight. 
@xlad nope, nothing exciting really! Just work, would much rather be in the sun  how about yourself?
Tired bOred nothing on to watch 
I tried changing my pic but I see the old one and you all see nothing. 
nothing to do  !!
just say tye (: he's still lovely lol. shame nothing worked out between us 
dissapointed...don't want to go to work, want to sleep in and do absolutley nothing. that'll never happen. here we go. 
sorry for the noise guys, just can't figure out why he's nothing getting the logic 
not in the mood on nothing, nothing at all this strange feeling occasionally comes when i'm not feel 'i'm home' 
I'm so bored and nothing to do.. 
suns out, but yet i have nothing to do and no where to go 
Ahh I should've stayed in bed this morning. I'm getting nothing done, I just keep yawning. 
@ariapro tried to update, tried to change back, nothing has worked 
has nothing to do today but tidy  NOT fun!!
OH!! BORED!!! nothing interesting... AHHH!!!! nothing to do...  I'm gonna study science for a exam... exciting... 
back on Y!A Q&amp;A but it's not the same....nothing is the same anymore 
@renmiu But that leaves me with nothing to eat! 
ffs. your meant to love me, not make me feel terrible when ive done nothing  i hate this
@EmmaMarieJo good lord no, there is nothing about him which is gay 
nothing at all 
Getinging a drink but there is nothing to drink 
I have nothing to do 
I truly have nothing to tweet about.  I haven't done anything in days.  Excited about getting out of the house for emissions testing. 
nothing 
@itsnoel haha there's nothing else for my tivo to record 
my legs are sore from..nothing? they really hurt 
tierd,nothing to do 
hot and bothered, nothing to do 
got nothing to do 
nothing finishing homework lol dealing with some what drama and boysss lol 
nothing better to do...cleaning. 
headache still  getting nothing done
is... doing nothing!! studying actually 
@richlouis nothing is no longer edible? that just sounds weird to me tho  *brain jumble*
@steinkirch that's good! I can't say nothing in portuguese  only caipirinha
omg ive got nothing to post ! 
out chicago is nothing like out on kirkwood 
has nothing to do, except buffering another jappanesse drama. so booooored  dear looove, come back earlier pleeeeaasee
@biddybirl i'm not the one being mean now am i! i've done nothing wrong 
watching t.v!! nothing else to do 
nothing to do but rewatch all episodes of 30rock. where is @stephenmiceli to take me out for coffee?!?? 
another day with next to nothing done to clean up around here 
I miss the old JonasBrothers from 05-07 . I want the new jersey boys back  too bad nothing will ever be the same anymore.
@pReTtyaMaZiN nothing at all.  how's the tat ?? I still got the pic in my cell  of it lol
has nothing interesting to say. 
Guys...nothing 
@michaels_feed nothing has come through 
@LMConnelly nothing  I need to clean.....you?
nothing gold can stay. 
I need to learn 150 pages about nothing though 
something had made me crave mexican food. nothing open this late tho 
@MadamSalami was ok i guess.nothing specail 
I'm really really bored here because I have like absolutely nothing to do. 
Waiting on my boss to arrive.. nothing to do so far 
@nnamdi_okafor nothing was there  hit my bbm
@csellmybelle @TheMonduce haters!!! I have nothing else to do! I'm a shut in 
@dragonsinger57 nothing for the important stuff... 
hates getting excited for nothing 
I do not feel good whatsoever 
I have nothing to wear!!! And I need a haircut 
ii have nothing to do &amp;&amp; my space bar isnt workingvery well 
what do I do when I have nothing to do? 
nothing  i want to sleep again
I've been bad about posting and it's because nothing interesting is happening 
@jaredleto I clicked the link but nothing cane up 
Having nothing to do  So bored.
@CraftJunkie I have nothing I absolutely HAVE to do..just stuff I need to do...but it's keepign me from going back to bed. 
enjoys having nothing to do now exams are over, but doesnt fell very well 
I'm hungry and there's nothing to eat here!!!! 
@emotto  on my way into so they can tell me nothing is wrong 
there's nothing to do. 
@loweryc *sigh* Everything's always my fault and I didn't even do nothing. 
Working late in L+T towers, much to do but nothing to do with food unfort 
Echa just leave and now i do nothing 
@itsMissATL nothing major it just didn't get straight enough 
It's almost 11 o'clock and I haven't had dinner  There's nothing to eat.. so guess I have to bake brownies.
Relatively quiet day today, nothing planned and nothing happening 
@stephcotton @krishawlz i dreamt about nothing 
@ninabells checked on their website, nothing so far...  
i dare myself to move, i dare myself to pretend like nothing's going on. but i'm denying the truth. 
@aslan751 yes, but I didn't really want any of it. That's normal, though. I'm hungry, but nothing tastes good. 
@nkotb nothing 
's got nothing worth tweeting about 
ahh, there is like nothing to do 
@ColdHearted19 nothing yet am going thiss week theres nothingggg on is theree 
stupid photoshop... it doesn't let me do nothing 
Just on the computer doin nothing!!!! So bored.. 
I officially have nowhere and nothing to do..... I'm awfully bored 
nothing! Bored 
nothing is goin good  so sad/mad/stressed that my fingers are numb
@dymndiz I hate  sitting here with nothing to do knowing I should  be there 
groundeddd!!!  doing nothing
I have nothing to do tonight 
@rachelcallen But I have nothing to crayon/marker/paint on 
@_MrSandy It was boring! There was nothing to do and no where to go. 
nothing on tv  
@keylolo1975 nothing at all 
ugh! nothing like sitting in traffic leaving an event...  #nhra
going to bed soon. nothing better to do. 
always got nothing to do when it rains 
I want to do something but there's nothing to do! 
- laying in bed b/c I have nothing to do! 
Is bored and has nothing to do cause he doesn't have a ride anywhere or back ugh. 
i'm busy doing nothing  . .
ahhh i still haven't bought glamour kills  i want it for my bday but i want nothing personal. and a camera D: bingung (again)
nothing, weekend's suck without my sport 
@DreamingMyth if nothing else its pretty there...  I'm really worried for you...
@Marrilan Your brother knows nothing about epic 
@MarieLuv nothing  and you forgot to call me back ;) but its not important
Nothing pisses me off more than being stuck at home with nothing to do.. 
I texted and called you back and nothing.  @queenValeria
@sarahabauer nope.. actually there's nothing on anymore 
got nothing to watch 
@bashywah fahmii- there's nothing much about tiwtter tht i find interesting. i dont understand why you like to twitter. 
@dopper6 Of course you're right, oh my shame  I shall now edit and delete that post like nothing ever happened.
There\'s nothing I could say to you, nothing I could ever do to make you see, what you mean to me .... 
SuWriMo: 14,500/75,000 words. got nothing done today 
says there's nothing good on TV nowadays  http://plurk.com/p/ysth8
I'm bored, I have nothing to do 
@emma_moreton Ahh man.. nothing comes free anymore 
got nothing to do today, but that's a good thing 'cause my stomach is killing me 
has nothing to wear for cats tonight. literally, my wardrobe SUCKS. 
Almost done with the seventh season of law and order svu. Then I will have nothing to watch 
@SarahBassett no i dont have nothing to do with the photo passes 
doing nothing actualy want to go out but everyone is boring and wont go out with me 
@plumlipstick I guess, so long as nothing discriminatory is going on, there's probably not much you could do anyway. 
nothing. Absolutely nothing! 
@hecatedracul ....nothing, sadly. 
got nothing to do today! hate having nothing to do on a saturday 
nothing to do! 
nothing special 
I'm having nothing to do. 
Still no cable!  got nothing to do now..oh well..  I'm off to bed.. Haha!!
Never been so bored, nothing to procrastinate about 
awh! I have nothing to do right now 
@chantymasen nothing.. 
books were worth nothing 
@Chriscarroll50 there is nothing good on tv. 
@MsGitMuhnee good slept great.. nothing special 
Has nothing to do! 
@Fletch92 ah nothing i'd been bored the whole day with nothing to do sadly  what about you?
so hungary and has nothing to eat  boo
has nothing 2 do right now and i dont like it.... 
nothing to do and nowhere to go. 
hungry, but nothing sounds good 
pretty saturday, with nothing to do 
is bored, it's nothing on TV, and I can't think of anything else to do 
@greeniebach I reckon he'll play, even if he's not 100%...but i know nothing!! ;) It won't be the same without him. 
There is nothing on tv 
is excited for kings island on thursday. nothing else really going on. 
nothing to watch....   
bored with nothing to do 
nothing on tv 
nothing 
i just got a letter from my father, all i thought about was you, and how i love you. but it means nothing. 
haioooooooooo i feel very boring and hungryyyy jajajajajajajaja this is bad rigth, nothing to do 
 nothing
boooreeedd!!!!!!! nothing to watch in the tv 
@colleenpence Share some of that, all I got are the wines, nothing to go with it. 
@rrrrubes nothing until july 4 
@joemcd It's some type of alchopop crap, I have nothing else. 
I just ran over a pigeon! I didnt see it tell the last second, then saw nothing but a burst of feathers in my rearview! 
@wafflesgirls nothing for guys? 
I'm bored. I have nothing to do tonight 
I'm bored... There is nothing to do 
@acciokatie blaaaarhg.  theres nothing else?
Has nothing to do. boohoo. 
hate coming home to nothing...everyone is gone 
Home alone nothing to do 
WTF there is nothing to watch on tv right now!  I'm so bored
still nothing 
doin nothing 
Ugh @followtimc is sleeping  now I'm bored, and left with nothing to do.
there is nothing to do on sundays 
@thedrewness. I don't get nothing 
@beaatienza i'm not using it against her.. I'm just trying to console myself w/ that verse..since there's nothing else i can do 
i've got nothing to do. 
@DakotaFanning9 it would help if you would answer to someone!i'm writting to you and nothing comes back 
@boystar22 yeah i was stuck at home with nothing to do tonight 
There is nothing going on downtown at all well drunks and homeless but nothing fun 
is doing nothing,,  http://plurk.com/p/z0obt
I'm tired of being nothing.  
@DonnieWahlberg i want that logo D but there is nothing i like on the site to buy now  soon?
I have nothing interesting to report  sorry twitterverse.
I can't sleep and I am bored. There's nothing good on the internet either. 
@filafresh She says there's nothing here... 
is doing nothing 
@briethehippo nope  and I emailed them and still nothing 
nothing yet but ironing will not do it's self 
sundays are always boring nothing to do!!! off to get ready for 12 o clock mass now  sooo tired 
doing nothing .. tiredd 
@robday I am so jealous you get your own space, I have nothing 
I have a really bad cough, and nothing seems to fix it 
I'm Really bored and doing nothing 
I finished all the books and cant wait for the next one  nothing exciting to read now!
Has had an utterly disappointing w/e so far  just feel empty, I have nothing more to give...
getting ready for nothing 
i understand nothing ... 
@Mds0221 haha nothing major 
I wana speak but i can't cuz i know that either nothing or something bad will happen. 
apparently I have Cats on vinyl. but nothing to play it with 
is bored has nothing to do  also is finding it strange having a whole in his tooth, well at least its painless
 nothing to do alll dayyyyyyy.
TODAY . nothing happens 
having a harsh afternoon or work. nothing going as planned 
nothing on tv. only elections!!! 
and yet again i feel like shit....he was supposed to care,not make me feel like nothing 
nothing to do 
I'm doing nothing! 
Juuust woke up and there's nothing to do 
can't sleep . . . i have nothing  so sad
god there's nothing I want more than to play a gamecube right now, unfortunately I don't own one 
nothing to watch on tv  any ideas anyone??
why is it when i want to write, nothing is coming out? seriously i wrote one sentence and it's crap 
@imsoharlembitch nothing much. frustrated. i waited too damn long to sign up for my classes so now im stuck with what's left..... 
@sophieholly no  well i could have got that ticket but nothing else XD But i'm moving to england this autumn, so maybe then ;)
is bored there is nothing to do 
nothing on the telly 
nothing much 
@KyranBracken typed in kyran bracken axel, and nothing came up  anything else 2 try kyran?  x
You can't find nothing at all, if there was nothing there all along 
Oh nothing planned 
I'm hungry and there's nothing open 
There's absolutely nothing to watch on telly 
@Mercuralis ah, you too? I always think I'm going to do so much when hubby is gone, and then I am all down and do nothing 
@alanis32 that's nothing new. It's already a real shame. 
@Tapulous i boot and nothing happens 
I need my nothing to lose mentality back. 
there is nothing to watch on tv 
@babyofmoshdolls check my what? i don't see nothing 
i may be happy with the guy now but nothing compares to the the past.. i miss him 
@springlamb i know there seems to be just articles on the sale nothing on whether its open or closed  
@Crupuscular nothing worse than an educated racist 
i was just kicked out of @youripoddoc 's live chat for doing nothing 
horoscope:There is nothing wrong with getting caught up in the moment. No regrets. [this is a lie!! there is regrets,not i feel horrible] 
horoscope:There is nothing wrong with getting caught up in the moment. No regrets. [this is a lie!! there is regrets,now i feel horrible] 
@amandawilk106 i know   she shouldn't be hated just for who she is dating! she's been nothing but sweet to his fans!
I keep refreshing the page and nothing new is coming up 
@CuriousSarahM nothing that's the problem 
I'm off of work with nothing to do.  i feel lazy and like i need to do something.
@MoniqueMay aw no!  I'll be praying it's nothing mama!
nothing to do 
@courtneyleigh25 nothing really out there but sales 
I don't understand why I can't disconnect when it's obvious that nothing is even happening!!! 
...nothing else better on. 
Three canvases and nothing to paint... 
has nothing to wear 
nothing 
has nothing to tweet. 
@goldfries nothing much going on...... 
@MissNathVintage but nothing pops up it says internet explorer cannot open 
I still feel like crying! There's nothing I can do!!!! 
has nothing but negative thoughts 
nothing to do  yesshhh no homework 2nite bitchesss
nothing exciting happens to me on weekends! 
nothing's better than crying yourself to sleep. 
doing nothing, so borring 
@lenniedoo nothing... i just remembered someone... and that was for him... a message to him that he will never read.. 
nothing to say continously retweeting others tweet 
@endlessblush taste buds don't work  you know how everything just tastes like nothing. poo *stomps feet*
sent Sillu away. i wont eat anything for the next 2 years 'cause ..we ate yesterday everything we saw. everything. insane 
i have nothing to eat again 
nothing 
nothing special on my bday 
bored... nothing to do!! hmmm... 
@toddoh nope still nothing... 
nothing... 
there's nothing like twitterfox  I don't knw wat went wrong with IT
so bored nothing to do  how shag !!!
seriously, nothing makes me angrier than a liar. 
@asimpleparadox if only! there was nothing soft about that yogging 
most of the tasks are done. Days are passing by so fast and it feels like nothing is being done ... well moving on to dev on word press 
nothing to do. bored 
there is nothing on TV 
i hate wakein up early, it sux. i have nothing 2do after i excercise 
very bored with nothing to do 
@Shariiiii nothing much... You left us all of a sudden 
Some writer dont have nothing to talk  but bullshit 
is bored and has nothing to do 
nothing Is the same 
@xeroxcandybar dude who knows? It sucks though i get warnings like every 5 min and there's nothing i can do 
@rainyro_chang lol nothing zero nutrition 
@himynameisivy @reneilim but those jobs are still uncertain. i may be waiting for nothing. 
i am currently sitting in my mams bored!!! theres nothing to do  x
I'm doing nothing 
@plymouthgooner think we will have to be patient  It is very frustrating when nothing is happening.
but when u take happy pills you come down sooner or later  aww-w-w-w-w nothing works :L
i want nothing personal to come out sooner 
nothing really im bored 
nothing 
I've got nothing to tweet 
bored. there is nothing to doooooo 
nothing to do 
Hungryy, but there's nothing to freakiing eatt.  iit stiinks. 
There is nothing I want to eat!  
boreddddd, i have nothing to doo 
lately, i have nothing to say 
@Thioneal nothing 
watching zoey 101  nothing is on 
@ssssssarah nothing is sacred 
@msmikkole u never did nothing for me 
degrassi is over,now i have nothing to watch 
@buckhollywood nothing i don't have caple 
nothing to eat 
@esmeeworld I've been waiting for a good thunderstorm over here and they keep promising one but nothing yet... 
churches thigh and a bisquit did nothing for me. i really want cheeseburger hamburgerhelper 
There's really nothing to do when the power is out 
@BeautySchooled nothing they dont have an adjustment policy 
@humbertlove damn i faped for nothing 
nothing but trash on the television...I need something else to do but facebook is boring 
@andrewfndavis fuck  nothing medically serious though right?
@janemoo nothing.... 
nothing.  
@Noufah i did  nothing .. will go back now
@drbrett there is no incentive to move you any faster out of the baggage collection areas...it costs them nothing to make you wait.  
@nickjfrost there is nothing more sad than no booze when one had hopes 
@ChrisJDenman nothing funny  
@greatcaffeine nothing... worse off because im sans bud 
ahh theres nothing to do 
@Tripl3A why did you say homecuming? *&amp;. ughhh stop threatening me..i have nothing else to give you 
thirsty... but has nothing but tapwater to drink. 
I don't know whats wrong with me today.... just don't wana do anything, no food, no work, no nothing 
 nothing for me 
doing nothing 
Slacking...just back from sch... Hoilday  means nothing to me... 
is looking for jobs and finding nothing!!!  add @TCWband
@fruitlatte  i'm feeling helpless. there's nothing i 'don't know' yet there's nothing i know 
What do you do when you have nothing to do? 
#bing translator has nothing to offer for thai stuffs 
augh, quad espresso just did nothing.. still a trainwreck 
nothing special. I'm boring. 
Is in college doing nothing 
Searching for new songs at youtube.com but still find nothing 
...i'm doing nothing i'm bsck to skul...its raining! 
doing nothing 
is doing nothing 
has nothing to read 
doing nothing !!  ..
feels nothing 
#operaunite is growing on me. I'm liking it. It doesn't escape the company firewall though.  But then again, nothing does.
@pearled now it's over, i have nothing to do. 
@emberlexi there is nothing I love to do to exclusion that could support me as a career 
i'm searching for uncharted beta codes, but nothing so far 
well here goes nothing. 
@lzne i really hope that we didnt plan for nothing! 
yay its tuesday and nothing to do 
ho hum...nothing to do... 
bored, bored, bored, I really wish I was back at uni.... I can't believe I'm thinking that but I have nothing to do 
didnt have to do my speech! in ceramics doing nothing 
nothing new on facebook   x
doing nothing, i want to do something. 
guy cried and cried and there was nothing we could do. 
@kid_nothing you're not following me 
nothing to do! 
I have nothing to look forward to now 
its great to get paid doing nothing...but sometimes doing nothing can get tiring too...  
nothing to do after work  i feel incredibly lame.....hmm... what decade would you like to live in??
what's up. im bored doing nothing at home   talk too mee
nothing on teevee! 
nothing 
Not-for-nothing ... very very very bad  
Has nothing to do tonight.   But nobody in &quot;Tukee ever has anything to do any night.
@its_jessie Awww, what happened?  i hope nothing's wrong 
bored; with nothing to do. 
feeling depressed and looking forward to nothing... 
Working. Still working. Fortunately there is nothing on TV. 
Absolutely nothing 
@MRRADIODTF nothing is still acting up..  
unaccustomed to brain numbing boredom of doing nothing 
@andyblume #shoesongs i got nothing right atm..  lol
@ryanpaulrushing maybe so, but they can't escape... i got nothing. no comeback at all. 
I was a bit puzzled as to why it seemed to hit me so hard, not so much now though.  Doesn't matter though as nothing I can (or would) do!
@msspleasure theres nothing i can do about it though 
@adryfeliz well, now that southpark went off.. I'm very very very bored.. there's nothing to do or watch 
@petervader yes, I got hacked it is in process of being fixed, is better than b4 , there was nothing b4 
All it seems like is that, the more i fall for him..the more it hurts. nothing is helping  i need a cure for falling in love too hard
and i have no sweet-tarts left. nothing. 
@i_am_web nope nothing! 
@jakeashley I kinda do, but then you guys get nothing for it.  I'd pay. lol.
Trying to find a good movie to lie down and watch before bed...but nothing looks good 
eating nothing 
@JaiBrandon he's ok. nothing special. too much airbrushing 
tired of trying and getting nothing back 
 nothing is on TV!
@Gurlstrange ....... you made me excited for nothing. 
there is nothing new 4 xbox   
@kchasesimmons nope, found nothing 
vacouver is sooooooooooo effin boring!! there is nothing 2 do 
ummm.... i have nothing to do right now  me is vewy borred
@hamish1981 http://twitpic.com/7j36s - I see nothing but a strange blue bubbly pattern. 
Still nothing .. 
@therezzza I have nothing else to do 
@key_rawr nothing haaar. studying :| got 2 massive tests soon  u?
@iSUCK same! Ahhh there's nothing good on the TV  haha, x
@rainbowdonkeys better than nothing at all   http://twitpic.com/7lyro
i have nothing to do 
i have nothing to do not much ppl online 
haaaaaaaating leak pipes. wake up for nothing and can't sleep now.   
still busy...but nothing to earn 
i have nothing to tweet 
argghhhhh everything going wrong and nothing working 
@thomasdavies I want to be able to do nothing 
i'm so thirsty! theres nothing to drink in this house  x
@aaakritiLove just stressing because nothing's working out right and i haven't studied 
got myself worked up for nothing 
@IsraSeyd nothing de nothing. 
@PaulHulbert nothing, the cost of moving 
thinking about nothing, doing nothing, being nothing! 
@morbay32 I know which one i prefer... I thought the same thing and got excited over nothing 
we woke up early, cleared the codes, took it to inspection, and wally drove me to work and was late to his all for nothing  I hate cars!
Oh gawd! I have nothing to wear! 
in bed still, it's so bright out. i have nothing to eat  i want mallory to be here now.
@gluemoon bookmarked, but nothing there really 
so bored and tired...nothing to do... 
@whoisthetruth I have nothing more to say...I'm completely hurt...you just came for me in the worst way... 
@netgrrl nothing yet 
@robgokeemusic I've done nothing on my list 
nothing, not a sausage, bugger all yet 
itunes says that an update is available (3.0), but then just does nothing when I press update 
@imjasmine but im not finish doing nothing in cyberspace yet.. 
theres nothing worse than a migraine while babysitting 
nothing to do todaaaaaay 
nothing works out anymore 
@AndrewDearling Feed meeee i have nothing to eat 
I must b all twittered out, have nothing much to say or do... 
There's nothing good out 
@cp007 there's nothing to click on! 
just woke up, with nothing to do 
bored... its raining  nothing to do
nothing like getting a beer spilled on you. 
I will not speed again, I will not speed again........ $ for nothing! 
Is there really nothing to do 
@mhkay ik but there's nothing to do 
@annaroocha nothing really i'm okay thaank you and see you tomorrooooow! i miss you already 
@SpiderBabyBand yep nothing is sacred not even our guilty pleasures anymore 
@taygay88 ah i don't get twit yet, id rather fb  but nothing is up we have to hang soon!
uughh,. nothing to do! 
anyone wanna hangout with me after regents for the next two days? cause sadly I have nothing to do 
damn im hungry n theres nothing to cook 
@SamLouis nothing bad just the ads are finally coming 
Kelly and I have nothing to do tonight! 
I think it's a wrap on this pc....won't let me download nothing! 
@ikester808 haha nothing exciting about this update so far 
nothing to see on TV.. I'm boreeeeeeeeeeeeeeedd 
nothing is really inspiring me to write poems or draw 
showerrr. there's nothing to do 
But I keep watching b/c there's nothing on 
My belly hurts and nothing is helping 
listening to music in bed. nothing on tv 
nothing as always 
@ariannexxx haha oh no!! I promise I had nothing to do with it!!! 
now that the playoffs are over...there's nothing on TV 
nothing. just sad 
@courtneycherry all for nothing.   #CWS
I have nothing to do  my wife has my xbox 
being 20 gets one nothing at all 
doing nothing 
@merkatgasson yay jacks bday! he's so old  did you really find nothing personal?
nothing feels right when im not with you 
nothing to do 
That last goodbye was too.. nothing. 
Being lame with nothing to do! 
sooooooooooooooooooo boring... nothing to do 
got nothing to do... 
@marieclr that's no good  well i hope it's all resolved soon. there's nothing worse than feeling like that.
@DavidBeKing nothing. 
nothing to do....feeling so bored 
bedtime.  got nothing done 2nite. 
wondering what kind of trouble i can get myself in thursday. Probably nothing what so ever. 
this site sucks...i understand nothing 
@superxmaika hahaha nothing much ... I miss j00 
i'm doing nothing at all, just being bored. 
nothing.... 
nothing 
I need to get decent sleep, Wtf?! 5 am &amp; still nothing 
checked out awear sale, nothing decent boo 
i have nothing 2 say. .sad.. i no.. 
@SkorpionUK Piriton does nothing for me 
I'm sorry @ellenefron I will stop throwing tylers bobby pins around like there worth nothing 
nothing to do 
nothing to do 
@Dannymcfly what do you do when nothing is going right? 
veryveryvery bored at the mmoment..nothing to do at all 
well here goes nothing..... 3.0 
@CoreDJDetroit y can't i open the file???? i was downloading it just now and now nothing??? 
@TimelordTotty It's nothing serious...well...I hope it isn't. It only stabs in my chest..the usual stuff 
hm...i cant seem to get my direct mssgs i click on it and nothing shows up...weird so srry if i dun get bak to ya 
Last day of studying andnim getting nothing done. 
nothing just english hwk  
I love how it's 20 degrees out, and it's supposed to be 30, and I have nothing to do! everyone's gone to the beach! awwe 
@SabrinaO0318 nothing comes up 
nothing to do, I'm bored 
@StyleAtelier I didn't...and I see nothing on craigslist 
@truebloodnet aww, nothing's pulling up.  
@swaggedoutchica yeah I do ! I have nothing to do no1 even came in my store 
Still nothing 
@ tiff_sing i hope that had nothing to do with me 
i'm starving, but nothing in the fridge sounds good 
@Lilymeisanders it's nothing big I just feel fed up  thank you though lily! x
@valentinapazz nothing is wrong with ya, i'm still missing aubs 
@tommcfly hey tom, what do you do when nothing seem to go right? 
what song? nothing much, tidying up my bedroom 
@iwant2blikeMike Aww boooo got me all excited for nothing 
I feel like going out... But there's nothing to do 
@DIVACANDICEM nothing online yet 
and ... nothing 
i have nothing to tweet about... 
ehh i have nothing to wear 
i love doing nothing until it gets REALLY boring...and it just got boring 
I'm having such a bad day..feeling so broken , like nothing is worth anything, and it sucks 
gloomy day...nothing to do, nobody to hang with 
@josiann omg, i've been doing that so much lately.  but nothing ever works for me.  
@mirasupernova keep trying to think of something funny. but i've got nothing 
uhh nothing to do 
I lied and did nothing I was planning on doing and I don't feel to well 
Playing games to calm my boredom. It's raining and there's nothing to do 
Ahh nothing just remembering stuff that happened in here 
everybody around me feels bad... nothing i can do about it 
in the mode to write a song.. but i have nothing to write about... 
It's not raining where I am... But there's totally nothing to do! 
@laceyanne2357 I should've been working... but there was nothing to do, so I couldn't go in 
@dopemaneazyecpt it wont even let me get that far.its just all blank nothing just all black 
nothing to do 
@zacseif absolutely nothing! i'm so bored!  what are you doing?
@paulerbear oh no... I hope it turns out to be nothing. 
nothing 
Driving around with nothing to do 
@RichelleMead I usually have to move rooms &amp; nothing ever gets upgraded... 
What should I eat????? There's nothing to eat here.  
I think I'm going to bed!  I'm not THAT sleepy, but there's nothing on TV and I don't feel like doing anything else, so...
once again, there is nothing to do 
nothing to do tonighttttttttt 
@virgopeace yoooo nothing much been super busy lately. wondergirls won't be at any of the jonas shows near by 
There is nothing on tv lately  or is there?
I have the munchies and there is nothing to munch on 
@fishbowlxlife you are making me jealous i know nothing about college yet 
I'm hungry and nothing to eat. 
nothing 2 do 
@escapetheday  I really have nothing else to say besides smileys. I'm not that interesting, haha. 
@smeemarie pssh i have nothing.  
when nothing works 
says nothing.  http://plurk.com/p/122s3v
At the library, nothing to do, no where to go. 
i do nothing 
I am so thirsty but there is like nothing to drink 
nothing to do! huhu 
@ohminotaur giiirrrl you popular with... me.. too? i got nothing witty 
@edwardli you bastard  I dont want to work anymore (whilst looking at mark do nothing again)
There was nothing in the mail today, feels so empty 
finally got nothing.. Huffhh.. 
Really bummed out about something today  nothing is coming out right!!!
@ItsNeet is that okay now, nothing else works 
nothing ever works out how its ment 2  xxx
I have nothing new to tweet about 
Is seriously bored and has found out he has nothing to do all weekend 
nothing.. haha 
i'm really bored. nothing to do 
I have nothing to do now 
I'm so boooored! got nothing to do till bout 5ish 
nothing 
well i learnt nothing missed some of it  
Everything's strange... noone to drive and nothing for gift 
@steph62289 boo  stop working and do nothing with me ..pleaseee
nothing.  
@Owsler I'm afraid not  I am bad at doing nothing, I'll end up joining them anyways..  No cushions for me but torture ;-)
urg- i'm so hungry, but there's nothing to eat in this house  haha.
The weather sucks. And I'm hungry, but there's nothing to eat. 
Right now, I'm really bored! I have nothing to do!!  Any suggestions?
loving vienna!! got nothing to do! 
With twinny..nothing to do 
Going to visit the parents  nothing better to do i suppose..
@ghostykips Too late now anyway. You're ok and we ate it all up, nothing to return 
I get sooooooo tired of nothing ever being good enough! 
nothing new to tweet 
Getting ready and going to workkk...my paycheck went pretty fast  and i have nothing to show for it. blahh w/e
@Juzlik3muzik wut show? they dont tell me nothing  lol
laying in bed doing nothing. i shouldve signed myself up for classes at chabot 
nothing seems to go as planned. detroit doesn't sound so fun anymore. 
I have nothing to tweet about. 
nothing to do tonight!!!  bored bored.
Tired bored, nothing on TV to watch! I think its a sign.. I will hit the sack... 
I need to find a job or something else to do... I'm tired of doing nothing!!!  But it's sooo dificult!!!
@mellemusic clicking  clicking - nothing happening!! 
I got nothing to do and everyone is mad at me 
@Denyalle I know nothing about blogs. 
: nothing special 
came back from the dealership nothing I liked 
I'm starving, and yet there's nothing good here to eat 
ugh. there is nothing to do where i live 
what happend to the storm! i was waiting and nothing 
#dontyouhate not being able to sleep when you are really tired, its really late and there is nothing what so ever on TV 
can't pixel nothing right now  n i've got nothing better to do ... *cries*
I am....doing...nothing.  tweeting...But that doesnt really count as 'something'...XD
Aw so bored nothing to do 
veryyy boredd nothing to doo 
friday night and nothing to do 
hanging out...reading, nothing much to do  quite bored
sittin here doing nothing 
feeling left out, nothing new 
nothing ... 
Boring...doing nothing!!!!!!!!! 
cons of working in mall nothing healthy to eat around here just wretzle prezel and pizza nothing healthy  or cheep
I was extremly wrong nothing has or will change 
well has really nothing to do right now! 
Stalking revealed nothing. But I'm still pretty down. 
@pablofamoso oh ok, but still its better than nothing lol i dont even play any musical instruments  lol
nothing to doo stck at homee freeeezin 
@chrysee while this is true, I had nothing else to watch.  I see it more as punishment for watching it instead of doing my comic stuff.
#dontyouhate when you try to be sumbody everything but nothing you do eva plz them. its like I got all these girls around but not you 
i keep wishing but nothing happens 
@TeenLantern24 I keep clicking there but nothing happens 
really has nothing to do  I'm sooooo bored..............
@melissapwns haha oh! i called him 15 times and nothing  but i got the non personal message that he sent to everyone.
awwwww! nothing seems to be going right ! 
Downloading some videos. I have nothing to do 
Fml nothing's changed since I turned 18. 
I have nothing to do without watching TV 
@forevertiffanys well damn! i know nothing about anything 
Haha nothing they are just weird 
nothing to do on saturday nite 
Why on earth r ppl up @this ungodly hour and sitting on a train! I can't think of nothing but my bed   http://myloc.me/4C3V
 nothing works out for khrys
Its 10 pass 1 - nothing happened in streets - i don't know if it was fake news  ! #iranelection
Its 1:12 - nothing happened in streets - i don't know if it was fake news  ! #iranelection
Still nothing.   i hate insomnia.
it's m y off, and i'm bored, nothing to do 
@Crownlessking badtimes mate  its not fair and nothing anyone can say is guna make it easier or better but we're here for you xx
Just thinking and the only reason I'm really gutted is now I have nothing to wear my dress to 
@littlemissmeg there is on way you were pissed when we had like nothing to drink, 
josie's getting dressed so i have nothing to do. I'd talk to you but it'll hurt. 
@ephram_ i haz nothing good to fap to 
there is nothing to watch on t.v. 
Waiting to board... Wish me luck - there is nothing I hate more then flying 
is sitting with nothing to do. 
hmmm i hate having nothing to do 
soooo bored now I have nothing to do 
@trswift Aww damn haha. There's nothing good to watch on tv  this make me sad...
Still can't sleep.. &amp;there's nothing to watch on tv 
there is nothing to do 
@__duckie I have nothing to bring 
I'm tired but i cant get back to sleep  oh well   going to do a whole lot of nothing today
Feels like m good for nothing 
its saturday, and i have nothing to do 
sitting at home doing nothing. I hate having nothing to do on the weekends. 
i have nothing to do  i'm bored
i am doing nothing at all.. 
its boring at home had nothing to do 
nothing to doooo  ... going to take a showerr.
I'm doing nothing 
@MRCpersonal yeah i'm okay a little just nik is complaining to me how her sister is depressed and there's nothing i can do about it 
there is nothing on tv 
nothing 
@ Leepunx......wat shytt u didnt write nothing to me 
@Llubyloo I tried it again and messages all disappeared after I changed background colour and now it does nothing 
hungry but nothing will satisfy 
I'm hungry, but nothing sounds good. I'm sick of food. 
@JoceMcKnight sorry about the pedi  nothing worse than wanting to treat urself for a job well done, and something ruining it!
nothing special 
@itscourtneyjane  nothing she is just sleeping and i am not allowed to bother her 
bored and have nothing to do. 
Wants a boring weekend to be over { nothing on tele and nothing to do  }
nothing to do 
nothing to do 
@steve299 ...wll i just hope nothing bad happens 
Most women are trouble lemme tell ye, they'll do nothing but cause you problems! what have I ever had against being single? Everything 
Home alone and with nothing to do 
I am here to twitt but I have nothing to twitt about 
#squarespace its 5:01 and nothing 
@mikemearls my local store has nothing  just magic the gathering.
@Dannymcfly only one danny, nothing more than a simple hi 
@zoziekins i'm just so frustrated about this autumn. nothing seems to go right and i just. i'm worried and tired of being worried 
I'm really starting to think. I just got dressed up for nothing.. dontcha hate when that happens.. 
what is going on peoples...IT IS cloudy and stormy looking and i have nothing to do right now...except dishes and they suck 
With nothing to do !!!! 
only 2 days left of my vac, and still nothing done 
nothing 
@theJAGG nothing much. going through. I can't find anything to wear 
nothing could be salvaged from the my old phone, so everything is lost.  please re-send me all your numbers, i have nothing anymore. &lt;/3
Almost 9 then I get to go home and do nothing lmao 
I'm in the house doing nothing have to find something to do 
i'm boreddd. there is like nothing on tv these daysss  
gosh its saturday and i have nothing to do 
I am tired and i am doing nothing  what can i do ?
I'm so bad at this updating thing   can i help it if nothing interesting really happens to me? *sigh*
nothing bored and groundede 
going out ... nothing to wear 
has nothing to tweet about 
I have nothing to say  (thats a pretty intense update!!)
@StacyZimmerman nothing magical about hurting babies. 
Has nothing to do now... 
I'm soo bored. I have nothing to do 
I'm hungry... But there's nothing to eat 
nothing really... 
nothing. i'm doing nnnnnooottttthhhhhhhhhiiinnnggg 
Gaaah! nothing to do 
i'm bored and hungry but theres nothing to eat 
nothing to do this late. 
@pdiaz93 nothing  stupid internet i hate it grrr
@igallen212 nothing 
erics going to be in a wedding next sat. i have nothing to wear 
you know what i miss most? the fact that nothing else mattered..nothing. okay. i am thinking to much. i need to stop. i need my friends 
@LovingMe I'm sorry to hear that.  I hate getting all dressed up for nothing! 
damn u know me 2 well......yea i do feel uncomfortable...cause our feelings have changed&amp;nothing can be done 
is bored with nothing to do 
bored , nothing to do 
well once again it's cold got nothing 2 do 
nothing that can do..... i have to stay at my bed.... so boring.... 
Iskoot killed my storm reboot then nothing, lovely 
Year One was funny, but nothing incredible like I was hoping for. 
@omfgitsella nothing.i think i have to go ella! 
The last exam's goin' to kill me... i know nothing! 
what to do, nothing to do. the wheather needs to be better 
i hate waking up this early  nothing to do!
nothing is for free, that's the way it is 
@renaemc nothing yet...  
Still nothing 
Sleeping pill did nothing for me tonight.  
@Galiiit nope :/ i have tickets to nothing and i wont be buying tickets to anything for a long time  im just super curious about supports
@FrozenWithin yeh nothing much on that 
@happymonkeyshoe wow that trailer showed nothing 
i'm starving... and there's nothing to eat 
My arms look no different after waxing them. All that heavenly pain for nothing. 
Is bored and has nothing to do 
@xdidi I feel sooo sorry for u luvie. there's nothing worse than a broken heart. You need 2 cry till u just can't cry anymore. 
theres nothing to be happy about... 
bored :\ nothing on tv anymore 
and found nothing 
@KiDJuWi and nothing with mariana 
@judyng NAPISAN!!!! they dont have it here... seriously.. theres nothing I can do..sorry 
i'm soooo bored, hate sundays, nowhere to go n nothing to do 
nothing to do... 
a summer doing nothing is kind of boring now 
@ryn823 You have sun?! I'm jealous, nothing but clouds here 
shoootttt ... they've made a game out of nothing  #PakCricket
bored ,and hungry , but theres nothing that i can eat ... 
I never lied and I was always legit with him. He dumped me anyway. There is nothing I can do to change his mind. 
Is doing nothing .. Why are sundays always so boring ... 
@xlovelydearx nothing much  x
there's nothing on tv 
i'm going to cry... nothing will work 
its raining outside and there's nothing to do 
@katiesantry absolutely nothing. 
sooo lazy...have nothing to do anymore 
nothing  
that fruit did nothing for me 
nothing to do.... 
I've been waiting for so long....and nothing 
full of energy and nothing to do... it's like being all ready and having nowhere to go.....  
I got Halcium and went chicken on the dentist so nothing was done  sorry guyss
Sitting alone at home doing nothing, feeling nothing 
i tweet about food and i get follows @tacobelltruck and @cantersdeli. i tweet about zac efron -- nothing 
theres nothing on tv and no money to go do anything 
  nothing....
soooooooooo bored!!!!!!!!! nothing on tv to watch!!!!!!! 
nothing 
@jessicat93 no I wad being serious. I'm hungry. but we have nothing to eat 
I feel like I give give give and get nothing back 
I gots nothing 
@islanddogdoc well i did but it was fail. pple said they blocked the connection but everything still popped up as if nothing changed 
sitting here doing jus about nothing...new don't kno wha to do 
nothing's working out.  and is trying to figure out what to do next?
@MeeOk  hopefully its nothing bad.
@Sofieke15 still nothing... 
im doing nothing. i dont feel to good  
awakee, what to do. have to find something to do but thats going to be hard since theree is like nothing to doo. 
I am so bored and I have nothing to do and I can't go to sleep 
doing nothing. 
my tooth really hurts and theres nothing  i can do bout it...dentists is closed 
nothing i am poorly sick 
doing nothing 
@SheriJo  I assume this has nothing to do with opposites
kickball tonight, but my leg still hurts   I really just want to relax and do nothing, but I need to find someone to do nothing with.
@RahkRahk true story;; and nothing working and running 
i have nothing to tweet 
absolutely nothing! 
@lauren_hassler nothing but make calls... 
Not one damn thing on T.V ain't got nothing to do. 
so bored. nothing to do. have practice from 6-9, and thats it. 
nothing 
2 ibuprofen did nothing. 
Is bored and has nothing to do tonight. 
Still nothing 
cant find nothing to watch on the telemavision 
Ahh, I guess nothing to do tonight 
off to work out... so lazy why can't I look good and do nothing 
got myself all excited for nothing 
nothing to do 
@mrgunn No, it just does nothing . 
@SkyEatsJennifer What you watching on TV? There's nothing good on that I can find 
pretty bored sitting around doing nothing 
@finnstrip still nothing 
@darthchavie other than looking at the screen there is nothing else to do 
@riwulandari btw i dont think she's coming to bkk... i googled &amp; found nothing listed. at least i have never heard anything about it 
so bored , have nothing to do 
nothing, only wait, because i must go to an doctor 
nothing. nobody to talk with and i cant find my blade 
laying in bed, nothing to do! cant sleep 
@peterfacinelli uhm i went to the link and there is nothing there  whats going on
I have nothing to wear, and I look like a boy 
There's nothing good on tv 
do nothing  http://plurk.com/p/13suw6
@mbhulo This one doesn't. There is nothing good in store for her, I'm afraid. 
nawwahh so board ! nothing to do and i have to give my sissters laptop to her nawahh so depressing 
@Siaan...no milk no nothing 
nothing to do 
@jtbritto i dunno, i just feel like i've got nothing else to talk about, or even the time to talk to anyone anymore  its this feeling
I find out today why I have been having dizzy spells, I hope it's nothing serious 
nothing to do geez 
i have nothing to do  i need someone to cheer me up! 
also no ones gave me a job yet  nothing worse than actually pure trying and just not hearing anything.
@keemgreene lol No love i didnt eat nothing yet 
@natneagle aw I'm so sorry to hear. I hope it's nothing serious! 
@mmm_gash ...nothing back!  lol
I'm so damn hungry... but there's nothing to eat here! 
@ShaddixXx Awsomee  i'm so bored :/ theres nothing to do here! 
I'm hungry but there is nothing to eat. 
nothing to do but still no time for anything... 
i have nothing to do now  ugh
@I3renda maybe. there's nothing wrong with being caring. but try not to care too much. 
@comeagainjen hey x] just wanted to say your awesome, and angilena or however your spell it has nothing on you 
@Trekkygeek it is a bit, but still better than nothing 
nothing special  ...
There is nothing to snack on so I'm sitting in bed gnawing on a big continental cucumber 
Spring break makes me want to do nothing at all. 
nothing..which is the best thing to do 
@MoneyMatters There's nothing wrong with a little begging!  
sitting doing nothing its great  
nothing just listening to music 
@BillohBill nothing hu!??? 
@haveheartcate idk, laughing at nothing funny at all  
feeling good  doing nothing.
nothing 
@sambasel nothing 
@InsightfulAlice nothing. 
nothing layin here in bed  bored lol 
@joejonas1fan1 hey  her in mexico its earlier its 12:20  but i dont nothing to do...jhajah
@SWIFTas nothing, just ranting 
@s2nour nothing i'm just at a cousins house  you?
is watching rove, nothing like a good old petespace 
@keza34 nope nothing happend 
relaxing... and nothing more   http://tinyurl.com/43zuwh
nothing , hha 
@stonesfanatik I ordered 1 thing from saks online and I'm going 2 pick up one or 2 at sephora nothing 2 major trying 2 behave 
nothing much to do. may go shopping for a graduation dress later? 
@MrsSpeckypooh2u heyy.  nothing just hungry! you?
And babe, there's nothing else I can sayyy 
@whiterosered nothing wrong with that. 
sleepy....nothing to do. wish can go back soon 
nothing specific, yet I was happy this weekend 
nothing for now 
@Authentic973 nothing 
nothing better than i guy who loves you to pluto and back 
@marvinpascua oh.. then im sure nothing much happened 
nothing  hehe
@amiemccarron naaah, not dumb. just not gadget oriented  nothing wrong with that
@LenaG1 I know yr sleeping but wanted to let u know I am not on a label, nothing published... its just something I do 
@Weebsie nothing fancy, just a ginormous green flat marble  http://twitpic.com/4dyas
I do nothing. 
@noangelvfc lol yes i added him  because i love you and simply because i had nothing better to do haha.. (L)
@TheHwicceMan I'd happily get rid of any of them to see radiohead headline, but 2nd on the bill is better than nothing at all 
sitting at my desk... doing nothing. i look around and all i see is a huge mess xD haha i gues i could clean it up. NOT!! 
@zilch you're welcome 
ahhh. russell brand. nothing to say but just cool. 
@growline #SwineFlu is now called #MexicanFlu because it has nothing to do with Swines 
@dazzaman66 nothing too flash dazza, I think you would put a little of it on your pork, the dutch eat it with everything and anything 
says you prolly just got dressed for nothing.. we're already through!  
@geishacat nothing wrong ah 
@uhandbag no problem, it's nothing important 
@NuJerzyDevil973 see...nothing is safe 
@weirdbutawsome heeey  uhm. nothing much. haha. you?
is doing nothing, watching tts, then work at 11:30  don't want to get up out of bed 
@matt_neale There's nothing you can say about that surname that hasn't been said a million times before (mainly by me!)  So do your worst
doing nothing really. haha. my sister's not around yet so i can stay up late 
@durtymo nothing much! getting ready to enjoy the great outdoors! 
doing nothing 
@WeTheTRAVIS There's nothing to be nervous about. You'll do amazing, like always. No worries! 
@keeganfink thankfully, nothing irreplaceable...just doesn't bode well for the future. they did get my placeholder page back up though 
@BrittanyySnoww its nothing big lol just really sweet  still counts though
@ensuredsuccess coolness!  nothing as exciting as a new blog 
@carlysialevert nothing...what you been up to? follow me 
@rachaelvongkham lmao you laugh when your scared  xD btw its just a cat lol nothing 2 be scared of 
@zarias mmmmm nothing? 
@davegarnar Everyone wants to look like they did a coupla years ago. You honestly have nothing to worry about 
Yes http://twtvite.com/0gvsea #twtvite #akljulytweetup nothing like being organised well in advance 
@suesshirtshop Did a lot of nothing, and it felt good!!  You?
There's nothing more fantastic than being reminded of just how big a bullet you must have dodged, or coincidentally ducked 
@DepuyT i have already twice...nothing! but thanks 
@handale buying luggage for london is nothing short of exciting. 
i've got nothing... awesome song. 
nothing right now to do 
@besz No, nothing so important. I just like it to look like that. It's an old hairstype actually 
@henrys_creek No worries - thank google! There's nothing you can't find on there! 
@beachNZ yep nothing better 
@danbimrose That's more than ok. Personally I'm very good in doing nothing 
nothing 
@jareason There's nothing good on tonight anyway!!   #Sigjeans
@Krucial nothing just joined up 
@BrianMcnugget nothing beats nurofen plus! 
@labelladeanna whatsoever do you mean by 'how I get down' lol I'm always sober 
@HuMBush just nothing perfect in life, darn it! 
@SweetIsa it was a crazy time, nothing to be ashamed of that you were timid. you were osocute in your bashfulness 
nothing better than to have your Grandaughter smile and nothing feels better than that big hug!! Grandkids, what a hoot! 
@bwmson And so very you.  You know I say it w/ nothing but love, dude.
@rhixz16 nothing much, juss really bored! hbu? 
Theres nothing like your own pillow. 
@illuzion11 You right...we are &quot;arguing&quot; about nothing...I thought it was healthy conversation  
nothings really going *well*...however currently theres nothing else to look forward to so may aswel make the best of it 
revision...what fun...still I have thursday to do basically nothing 
@EllieJouzdani nothing is going on here is guess 
@Sunkissed876  nothing really, just getting ready. wbu? 
nothing special!!! 
nothing to watch now.. #pushingdaisies season 2 isn't attractive enough. playing #bananagrams instead 
sundays are for... nothing. 
@HanaStephenson aww  nothing just fake tanning!! lol  it stinks thoughh (N)
...nothing...    en special..    
@MissDuveaux nothing?...absolutely nothing?? hmmm sounds wonderful with this kind of weather 
doin nothing 
@ohappleda oh nothing really 
@xflipboypinoyx haha. If we fail it, we fail it. There's nothing else we can do! 
@milagro88 nothing much just chillin  watup girlie?
vicky gurero should be shot and tortured - nothing personal 
@ZackShapiro Ah, so nothing really cool that I need? 
@ingvild1211 well I'll tell you one thing, there is nothing fake about me.  can't nobody do it better than me haha
#whyitweet - nothing better to do 
@amradelamin nothing the court decided to ban all the pornography websites I don know why even .. I was a big fan  lollll joking
I think I should appear online more often. Here goes nothing 
@SherriEShepherd nothing like tradition handed down 
@macmuso It's tricky, isn't it? So glad I did mine years ago when there was nothing to do but raise your hand and swear to be good! 
@aspenspin  Its nothing...WE got this !  
@xxadelxx I'm singing  anyway here is nothing interesting
And I never wanted nothing more 
doing nothing 
@ashleeadams you're such a sweetheart for doing all that.  if nothing else I hope your kyle appreciates it 
@TimmyGrunt nothing new there then 
nothing 
@jamesepain np  just looking for cool people to follow so... be cool!! (lol and my name has nothing to do with anything... randomness)
@bazmeister brusha brusha brusha - nothing beta than freshly brushed/scrubbed teethed 
@masterninja nothing like a good clean out 
kuolema.. don't try to find out what that means  I'm really bored.. just sitting here and doing nothing..
is at keeley's slummin. nothing changes 
again...unless i have nothing to do, but whatever 
@flubberzz Still... nothing that I'm aware of. 
@Rawrrgasmic nothing suprises me, just wondering how many could hold off until they go to you 
@villapeikko madebyme for secret exchange partner... nothing is just right|!!! 
ok, so now I have nothing to say again. That's my problem 
Is it sad that I took forever to decide what to wear to a graduation that technically has nothing to do with me? 
sunday with nothing to do 
Working on college portfolio although....nothing is getting done. 
20  Age ain't nothing but a number ))))
nothing 
Fact: I have only dated black guys, nothing else 
@kezender There is nothing more relaxing!  and mind clearing 
@DanGordon I'll still talk to you with the same level of respect that I've shown up to now  I'm nothing if not consistent 
Coming into sac...five thousand stops later...giants won  2 to nothing
@DavidArchie haha! nothing really new about that..gas is constantly goin up 
while I can complain that there's nothing on tv 
nothing 
@OweeW nothing lol 
@tommoger you have nothing to worry about. I love you 
@LetterstoSHANE hahha most def. nothing nothing nothing to doo. hahh were awesome 
what am i doing?... nothing. 
@zozotheterrible should i invest? You must have loved it, i know nothing about it 
You know what? I have nothing to fear. And I am not going to be scared of narrow minded assholes. Even relatives. 
nothing 
@youngnatho lol, nothing wrong w that 
@savtwit nothing works for me atm 
nothing special 
its half one &amp; i've done nothing, i hate it when that happensss. cobra starship soon  !!!!
@rcmckill nothing I felt (quake).. You should be safe. 
nothing 
@nessapaige see, worrying about nothing 
@maloosii aaahhh ! no wonder you're soo borrd ! nothing goes on @ a hotel ! when i say nothing, boy do i mean nothing ! lol !  
I am realising I know nothing of popular culture - hahaha 
nothing at college,  but just about to go eat 
nothing's on my mind..nothing at all !! 
@LJsBaby nothing wrong with that lol 
@AriCostello not advising this for all, just my current state of affairs. nothing is more boring currently for me than academic discourse 
nothing 
there is nothing better than waking up near the ocean. 
hoping everyone has a great long weekend. I plan on doing nothing...well, nothing at the lake 
@genejm29 probably but that's just my guess, nothing official 
Fact: my life thus far in 09' is nothing like I envisioned it to be in 08'. 
@ItsJayRabBaby nothing. I'm innocent. 
and by looked at i mean stared at by some guy, lol had to clarify. there's nothing wrong with them haha 
@CaityWrites oh geeze. hopefully nothing too important..!! hope your meeting is going well 
@dannynelson i believe it exists bcuz i found it...and nothing will ever change my mind about that. 
see i have nothing to hide 
@breannanardini nothing, huh? 
@cathy_cochina40 true, better than nothing 
@greyeyesgabriel nothing 140 characters could cover. 
@reachnyc something to make me some change while i sit around and do nothing 
@jungleegirl I prefer twinnings earl grey  nothing like it 
@die_lavish honestly i know nothing about cha.. 
@BadAsh84 yes yes! good stuff. i'm off to dream land. perhaps. to sleep, if nothing else. have a good night 
nothing like a good nap i tells ya  off to soundcheck
@sarilight I'M NOT SAYING WORDS! well. now i am  but i am speaking nothing of the chinese food they may or may not have had.
there's nothing like a sight of an unmade bed...stylized    http://bit.ly/YNDTG
@kmbar nothing is sexier than black love 
@davetesh nothing much. You? 
@iriissx3 nothing much :&quot;&gt; do you know any new songs? 
@gueranegra ooo no. The song has nothing to do with playing violin, it's to sing. 
@MsBayArea411 np!  nothing but love!!  
nothing at all 
@johannschwella you're welcome! oh .. and @JadeDsantos had noting to do with this whatsoever .. nothing at all 
