Most common words for this cluster:
[('now', 913), ('i', 218), ('time', 78), ('right', 72), ('day', 59), ('m', 58), ('work', 33), ('today', 33), ('amp', 33), ('quot', 32), ('night', 28), ('home', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Now', 0.9606053233146667), (u'And', 0.7347049713134766), (u'So', 0.7224639654159546), (u'Anyway', 0.6679903268814087), (u'Maybe', 0.6584449410438538), (u'Finally', 0.6547924876213074), (u'Just', 0.6492592096328735), (u'Yep', 0.6458858847618103), (u'Well', 0.643709123134613), (u'Actually', 0.6377462148666382)]





@AiyerChitra Yikes! Now i have no clues what to do! 
Well, isn't that great? Now I'm really sick, all coughing and having a sore throat. 
I have to be a responsible adult? ... Aw man. Now I know how Tyra feels. 
@tompierce GAAAH Now I have Monty streaming in my head. I thought I had kicked the habit 
Just got home from taking Bo to Grammies and voting.  Amazed at how split my ballot was...  Now it's time for grading... 
Still happy that I'm a Spartan!!  Now, wishing this terrible sore throat would go away! 
Ive had a lovely day with my kiddies. Tyler turned 4. Now he is under the weather 
Fell asleep just b4 The Jays lost  Now i'm WIDE awake ..not sure what to do
@mileycyrus Ahh.. Now I'm sad because I was there just 2 days ago 
@MIDWESTpeeps no one likes a mediocre sandwich  Right, @unbreaded?
@prettyskyhigh I LOVE the rain....uh....but I did sleep until 140pm   Too dark in my bedroom!! Now I am latched to the computer until 6pm
@nckrzz NOM!!!! Great. Now I want tasty pizza and I'm onboard a plane where no tasty anything is served 
Engineering Economics is done. I went good. Now comes the most feared.....Communication System. Don't know how to start, When to start 
@JoelMadden Now you got me crying 
Just got out of bed. Now I'm going to study, because I have a test tomorrow. 
Uh oh, flight's cancelled. Now on hold with Continental - wait time = 15 -20 min. 
They've left.  Now, I'm left wid homework. And I was just kind of wishing I could juz go wander off in lalaland... widout homework, obkors
@gjoosten I know! Freaked me out though. Her feet were dirty, that's what tipped me off. Now she's crying to go out 
@mike_dodson Meanie!! Now I want cookies 
Just spent some time gaming at @mooseguy's. Now back to find I forgot about an IRC meeting 
Helped nick shave his head. Now im writing a tedious 10 page paper on Cuban diaspora in Miami. I just want to play WoW 
Go colin ! Now we wait 
@nicky_t too late for me to switch  Now I'm out of UK I'm stuck with NutFest. Specialise in employing incompetent rude halfwits.
@perezhilton @JamesSmithComic Crazy idea, but fabulous!  Now I'm hungry for pizza. 
@msphotogenic I loved mine too but then I moved to Seattle from HI! Now, I miss them 
I was starting to feel better. Now? Not so much. 
I had hair before Oprah. Now look at me 
@xanister It ain't that easy   Right now I'd say 33% chance I can/will
walked for 2 Km's, waited 2.5 hrs for the cab to come n take me to my office!!  Now i m soo tired n sleepy after lunch!!
@jaekaebee Boo 5:30. I, too, was up, but I pretended the alarm didn't exist for a few before actually getting up. Now I am up. 
Much to my disappointment  Oh well. Now I get my body back for a bit before getting knocked up again! Silver lining on every cloud!
Woke up. Now I am heading toward the door to go to school. 
Things go from bad to worse. Now four people are out at work. Doesn't look like Fire of Brazil is going to happen 
Glad to realise I can still remember French! Now preparing Spanish classes for this week. This week not as exciting as last 
@jenxer You don't like my name? Now I'm sad 
First flight delayed. Now to find out how I get from phoenix to Seattle when I barely had a layover. Business travel. Yay 
What is with not being able to sleep! Now the birds are 'twittering' and keeping me awake! Ye gads, is all over 4 tonight..sleepless 
I finished my Spanish outline! Now I have 2 record and create a VIDEO en espanol! Yea- due by Thurs! Now I have 4 papers to write &amp; edit 
Hang over cured.  Now for the cleaning... 
Grr! Now I can't sleep!.. What else could possible go wrong?? Today is not my day is it.  Everything was fine till I woke up this morning!
First lie in for a week! Woo! Now back to work 
Hungry Right Now 
@BrandyWandLover thanks!!! Better! Now it's gone all dark &amp; looks like it's gonna rain outside, just how I'm feeling on the inside! 
Days 1 and 2 of the weekend were WONDERFUL! Now, last tuba party of the year...  that it's a tuba party but  that it's the last one
I'm bored and my heart is broken     Life Sucks Right Now!!!
Went to see xmen last night wit dre it was cool to just hang with him for awhile. Now im going to work 
Wow! Tweetie sent my pictures to yfrog instead of twitpic! Why? Now I have to start using twitfire again 
Well I finally got some good study time in today... about 7hrs...ugh. Now I'm really tired... 
Nux lost  Now time for sleep.
OMG! This shit is so funny!!!! Now I must go to bed   http://tinyurl.com/5gcwps
had a lovely day with brunch on Brunswick St. and discovering a cool library (yes, it can exist). Now, practise time. Uh. 
Pitch black hotel room. Woke thinking it's 8am, but it's 4:30. Now my mind is on, can't turn it off.  &amp;  for the last day of shooting.
Remember I zapped my devlist? Now, suddenly 1000 or more have come back out of nowhere.  :confused:
Dammit, I just cannot get Crop Stomp right! Now I've gotta go to work, so I can't try again for another 6 hours 
First, lost THE ring. Now, lost 1 more earring  I am left alone that I feel.
First, lost THE ring. Now, lost 1 more earring  I can't help feeling being left alone.
Toaster broken. Now Schwarzbrot for breakfast instead. 
Drunken monkey you don't open early enough on Sundays. Now I have to go to starbucks. 
@Rockergirl75 - KUDOS to ya! *bows* I had some trouble with insomnia a few years back. I went mental. Now I'm medicated to stop it. 
Finally finished season 1 of CSI! Now time for lunch then the afternoon at my Gram's! I can't believe the weekend's almost over already. 
@Fuzzy2230 nick serenading?? Now the coffee is awesome i want it too 
Great. Should have learnt by now..just as im able to do bit more, i go+do too much coz im worried about my exams. Now feel v poorly again 
Ugh, I forgot it was 25 man Naxx tonight and I have a quiz due by midnight. Dammit! Now I can't go. 
Longest day and a half of my life. Now, where's my pizza? I'm sitting in the media lab waiting for it. 
Geez I hate traffic. Driving back from Palm Desert. Now in gridlock on 58 west 
Thank you Dan Haren (on Fantasy team) Now if only you were still an A 
Night spent catching up on TV shows and reading Naruto. Pretty good. Now gotta sleep alone.  Opposite schedules suck.
aww, my favorite antm model of cycle 12 (Fo) just got booted off.  Now only the ugly ones are left.
@brandyjaggers oh Hardees biscuits are amazing. Now I'm craving one (and there is NO fast food anywhere near here). 
@Suburbman Oh noes! Now you've cast me as the anti-feminist   I was thinking more of her record on Iraq http://tinyurl.com/dbs77d
@terencelo Touchy subject that YouTube blockage.  Now I'm emailing vids to friends in States 2 upload. They're also on Chinese video sites
Bought potted flowers for my, &amp; JPs mom. Now I wish I had a yard so I could buy myself a bunch! I miss flower gardening terribly bad 
Sigh. I really want to go back to Greece. Now!. I miss it so much. 
Saw 17 again, again. Then got some in n out... Now off to be the bus girl for the Hawaiian theme dance 
Malibu, Santa monica, gladstone's. Now to study on the ride back.  andy, ew. Jacobo, gross
Awe Joe lost his game  Now i gotta go cheer him up...
Ugh - I should have included my maiden name on my new facebook page.  Duh.  Now I think I need to start over  I hate PMS stupidity.
Plans of going to the club have been dashed. Now I'm just all dressed up for coach's. 
Cool ep of SNL. Now I am going to bed. Terrible headache  night.
@changeincolors I only caught the last 20 Minutes. Right as my jimmy was ending his sketch 
@bananchips I know! Ohh.. Now you made me want that... 
Hmm... #iPhone forgot how to vibrate. &quot;Reset all&quot; didn't help. Now: complete FW-Restore w/out restore from backup, I guess... 
I've ate too much Sushi. @mat__ paid. That's why. Now God punishes me. I'm sick. 
a change from the norm: sang in the Schola this morning instead of serving. Had a nice lunch after. Now off home to do German homework. 
@CA_Realtor Now that sounds a bit Yucky, who wants ram hamburger?  
@vBSetup Hoorah! Now everyone can be happy once more.  Except the penguins, it's too hot, their homes are melting 
@Jayboo07 ugh! Now I'm really jealous. I just need to leave tmobile period the phones suck 
Just drank water to help my sore throat.. Choked. Coughed it up through my nose... Now my nose is in huge pain 
Noooooooooooo! Wishes just came up on my iTunes. Now I'm going to be a blubbering mess. 
just realized I forgot to return the DVD's!!!! ugh! Now I have to go back out 
Argh!!! Swollen glands.. Now I can't talk and feels like I'm swallowing marbles.. 
Uninstalled Symphony. No improvement. Now been uninstalling Notes for half an hour, no progress 
@strandsofpearls 4 years ago  I used to go there once a year until my Grandma passed. Now there's no reason to go except to eat &amp; shop.
savagely attacked by my hamster  Now trying to reason with her and ask her why she did it?! Think I'm going a bit mental
@mubblegum sweet!  Now I can play Jedi Alliance. I mean, if you let me 
We are back. Another good session at PACE. Now for the phone call bonanza.... 
Made it to Dayton! Of course its raining  Now waiting for dad to arrive from DFW on AA3329 at 12:45E.
All my fish died..    Now I only got snails. Pest snails, and 2 killer/hunter snails..   But I need to check the water before I continue..
film club a success. Everyone loves Juno. Now down to revision. 
Oh, my. Now the 8 yo Gordon fan is bawling  #breakmyheaqrt #nascar
just at a muffin, a coffee cake muffin my grandma made, it was good. Now taking some Nyquil and staying in on this saturday night 
4 hour car ride, slept the whole way! Haha... Now off to bed, I miss the Bf already! 
@spookygrrrlsoap Ah crud. Now I have to YouTube search to find out why.  Sometimes being tv-less has it's disadvantages! WoW &lt;3
Actually slept human hours and have been strangely productive today. Organised even! Now, six weeks worth of expenses 
@Smaulren Dude, Now my winzip has expired 
Wishes i was on my computer  Now tell ME why i let my mom put her games on there again? Ugh! LoL...
Grr I couldn't go show jumping, I've been rained off  I was well looking forward to that. Now I'll have to revise or something.
Thought I was feeling better so we went out. Now I feel worse and can't sleep 
Pub was cancelled  wonderful. Now I'm really bored :|
Atleast Now, All fake political drama by parties (to get votes) in TN in the name of suffering Eelam Tamils will end, Thats it, Game over 
Helped D. prepare awesome presentation, had dinner in a new truly Mexican restaurant. Now I need to do some work 
@ItBeMeT: Hey love. Now I'm online and you aren't. 
complete tech nightmares today. 3 (of 6) PC's down. Now tweetdeck is just totally blank  I should be an IT Manager. Or perhaps not :-|
is sad. We just lost Logan's fav balloon to nature. This is why we don't let go of the string outside!!! Now we are sad 
Well, at least I finished editing my film.  Now I just need to get it on a DVD before my hard drive potentially craps out.  
Finished watchin nancy drew. Now wht?? @O_Olivia hmm idk! but guessa'll b stuck on da permiss part hhaa nawt yet vi 
I miss my NTA girls!  We had soo much fun together.. Now letsall goplay go fish and drink earl gray tea...
GREAT. Now that this weekend is over, I need something to look forward to now, boo 
@xthemusic Noooooooooo!  Now I'm even sadder.
Ooh, pause on the war we got VIP's coming. Now how real is that 
@mattydee yeah. At first it was only 100MB/month. Then I ran outta that. So got put up to 500. Now that's not enough 
I hear Terminator SCC was canceled. With a cliffhanger! Now we'll never know where they were headed 
@RevyCakes Grrr. Now you're actually making me hungry. 
@Ishme3t With the hair I go out in public with, I cud really invest in some good wigs  Everyday for me is a bad hair day. Thanks mucho! 
I'm Awake Right Now! Why?  Miss my Haha 
Missed UPS delivery by 15 min Fri morn. Fedex wudda retried same day since calld so quickly. Now I get 2 pickup cuz fon rep hit wrng butn 
Getting ready for monday.  We had a good weekend...Warm.  Now back to reality.  
Still no baby  ok wishing didn't work. Now what? Hey @alyssa_milano we need the power of 3 lol
Went to dentist yesterday, got teeth cleaned. Now one of my teeth won't stop hurting, needs a root canal done on it. 
Missed my flight to Berlin. Now I get to spend the majority of the day hanging out in the airport. Stoked... 
@patrickallen have fun!!! Too bad vegas weren't the plans this weekend for me  that would have been fun!!! Now go get stupid drunk!
@Redheadmad Yes! Nighmare! Now I can't sleep  But I'll be fine. 
Tea with oat milk doesn't work. Now making my 3rd cup but haven't drunk any yet 
cat, very capable of giving massage! sometimes does but wont be trained. only recently i read why cats purr - its their &quot;Omm&quot;. Now work 
That's the proof of the Yoneda Lemma written up. Now to attempt some exams.   Coffee, prep'd.
dammit, new proxy server in work is a total bast and won't let me login to Spotify. Now subjected to the horrors of radio 1 in the office 
@iamnotsteve ME TOO! I only joined up to see what all the fuss was about. Now i'm scared I'll lsoe my identity if I change it 
omg, I sent a txt to the wrong #. Now this angry woman called me &amp; I feel so bad. Stupid changing #'s. I feel so embarrassed 
Aaarrgghh. Now the comments and bug reports about the new skin are starting to flood in. Let me finish it first! 
@sevenwords don't even mention the WEATHER! I got drenched on my bike earlier. Now I'm back? You guessed it, blue sky, white clouds 15C 
Damn pizza...why do you have to be so good? Now I have to kill myself with 4 workouts this weekend 
@akjava  Yeah.. school over.   Now just suffer through getting your butt handed 2 u in baseball all summer 
I poured Spot remover on my dog. . . .  Now he's gone. 
 Oh FFS. The hot water won't work. Now I know how @meeveebee feels.
@JLucky419 Right.  @TAZELP8370 &amp; @TyMaKing I'm not sure. I can't remember.
@PlusSizeMommy Right now just an Associates 
is officially a fan of Glee.  Now I have to wait until fall 
@seybold that's a sign you're an important &amp; crtical person right?  Right?  ...that's what I tell myself anyway 
Awww... poor Sookie  Now to wait forever til the new season starts :O
@amandapalmer Not enjoying Beowulf? Now @neilhimself will be  &quot;teh sad&quot;.   Nah, I'm sure he appreciates and respects your honesty.
Hmmm.....interesting. Now I remember why I don't go north of 14st and west of 6th ave   spandex GALORE!!
@DymeDiva23 Nite. Now I'm up n bored as opposed to almost sleep frm b 4 
Why are the sinks in hospital toilets so low? Now the crotch of my grey suit is spattered with water! Just in time for Physio 
@love2reed thx girl! I just now woke up! I cnt believe I'm sick!! Now I have a fever... Wish I could pound nyquil  This sucks.
You know... time was, you could look at a Web page's source code and figure out how it worked. Now it takes a lot more effort. 
I had 2 buy a new washer, bought the dryer 2.  Dryer labeled electric but is gas   GRRR.  Now we have 2 load it up tomorrow 2 return it.
@simonschuster Celebrity sighting: Spongebobs here! #BEA09   LOL! Now I'm even more distraught I missed it 
@Pichu Crap. Now you have to cover the whole purse with those so it looks like a pattern. 
Damn...the right side of my earphones just stopped working all of a sudden. Now I need to buy new ones... 
@StoryShtick Ugh.  Now my ears are having phantom pains. 
Ok... No one was interested in my special.   Now the popcorn is stale! What a waste. I'm going to find a homeless person to give it to ...
Finished new moon! Woo! Now i want the next one... 
Bought it.  Now I have to wait 2-3 weeks.   Boo.
@vlynn8 It's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! Well, for a little while. Now it's super cloudy! 
So my lucky jade nacklace/matching earrings ain't so lucky. Lost an earring. Now the chain broke on pendant 
I just got smashed in the face by a 5th grader thowing a football... Twice. Now I bleed 
@jonasobsessedx ._.; Thanxxx ! Now with that message I just wanna leave !! )= ! BYE ! 
@TheShoctor @pezhore @O3Visuals @N9VLS Victory! Now I just need to reinstall all my damn apps. 
@tellie_jean Now that I think about it, when I get to the States, they'll probably still be touring, so they won't be there  Dammit!
We bought a pool instead of going to California. Now the pool is broken and we have wasted our vacation money for the next 2-3 years. 
Feeeel like ima die! Now on my way to rainforest.  !! I need a girls spa day ASAP!
Just came back from 4 hour shift, tired as,especially after Movieworld yesterday.Now watching some movies  and doing some assignments 
I. Want. To. Go. Home. Now. 
@HayleyNqahuia Oops, sorry, I'm lost  Already what?
Ama is in her bed... Now it's just a matter of time... 
@Smarttwinkie WHY?!!??!?! Now you're even meaner!  
I swear Tickets are equivilant to monthly bills! Smh... Now completely discouraged ME...I'm goin home.. 
Ahh what a long day today.. Game was good... Now I'm about to knock out with this huge headache!!! 
Lovely day!!! Already done the shopping for tonight's BBQ. Now a whole day of cleaning! 
Oh what a beautiful morning. Oh what a beautiful day. I've had a marvellous lie-in. Now I need to work online so can't sit in the sun 
Made it back to Kuwait safe and sound..  Now just need something to cuddle up to...  
What happened? oh-no.....  @LizzysBits: We had the WORSE experience. Now we're all hungry. 
I've laid in bed this whole time. For a whole hour. Just wasting away the time. Grr.. Why do I do that? Now I have 1 1/2 before work. 
@jay_so_wavy Now my ceral is a joke?  See if I share with u anymore 
damn. i didn;t get any Skunk tickets  . Now i'm REALY sad 
@amberback finished half a pizza already! Found out the meat feast pizza I eat (for all of it) has 1,044 calories! :-O Now I feel fat 
spent a large portion of the day at the ER (not for me, don't worry) Now I'm going to meet up with a friends without a nap. 
Oh no! Now I can't see &quot;Drag me to hell&quot;! I was told about some kitty violence  That's a deal breaker for me.
Just got done eating DQ for lunch with my babe. Now back to work 
found some great books at Half Price Books. Now working on a paper 
Podiatrist said I could stop wearing The Boot and start biking.  Now have a foot the size of a beachball on the end of my leg. 
http://forum.simsgalore.co.uk/ Edited Around, Now Using SMF - MyBB Doesnt like new Server 
Ok. Now trying to refrain from singing. So hard not to sing!! Miming will have to suffice  Still, it doesn't wipe the crazy off my face..
Just finished watching another great eppy of Harpers Island! Now PUSHING DAISES!! I hate that it's been cancelled 
1st Me and dude officially break up and Now my Cavs going home...This is just not my night....Wish I could get f###d up!!!! 
@missjessieleex Cavs lost...  Now to find lunch stuffs. Yay for the essay!
Killer wedding tonight... Now for the 2.5hr drive home. 
@B_Bowman see?! Now @MosbySoul is sad!!!  he understand all that abbreviation slang! LOL..
Our house owner paid a surprise visit to our place all of a sudden with his WIFE... Now im not so sure we wud get the lease extended 
@ellen_g  Perhaps you should go to the ER? I've been running random fevers lately, but that sounds really sudden. Now I'm worried.
@suebob too bad you weren't there.   Ah well, she twit-pic'd him, right?  Right??
finally going to bed...*YAWN* Hollace's room and crib is alllll put together! Now she really has to sleep in there.... 
I need cuddling and sleep. Right now! 
My plan worked! Now another song is stuck in my head. Looks like my plan sort of backfired on me.. 
Oh what in God's name did i do to deserve clowns on the first channel i turn the TV on to?! Wtf!!! Now imma have nightmares 
Oh great, Now my Bike is Broken 
Spent the night talking to baby... Now on my way to the airport at 4am  http://twitpic.com/6bpgv
My favourite model has gone from ASOS.com  Now which clothes do I buy? That was the only way I knew! I hate shopping.
Water problem at apartment in bangalore, eventhough its raining... Now tats wierd 
Church this morning. I'm so happy I got sick right before my recital!  Now I can sing like crap and have a good reason. except for...no. 
Mmm, Trix cereal, I miss when they used to be in fruit shapes AND in Canada. Now I have to go to the states to get them 
another sunny day. Slept realy well and have done shopping. Now to take other half to train station 
Well dang! Now his stay in Republic of Georgia has been extended to end of September. 
@CEOSOSINCERE u r joking Right??? - U should be able to tell from that question. 
Extra nap felt so good. Now time for work 
@kenseto Just saw your video, Kimchi is so cute! Now I want a chinchilla. 
@sleeky_meerkat Yes!!  Now they are twists and not quite the same 
I actually lied and said I had to go in to work to avoid her. Now I sit here. Don't want to work. It's sunny. I'm hiding. It sucks. 
Bah. Now my mood is shot. 
@tiffantastic Yea, but I liked where I was, not to big, not to small! Now I have to buy to big so they'll fit  I'll just have to learn!
Had a great week or so off, lovely weather, super relaxing and minimal Internet - bliss! Now... work tomorrow 
@iamjonathancook why Arent you guys coming to ny for warped tour? Now i dont have a reason to go 
Boo hoo.  Tablet just blue screened again.  I think it's dead   Now on husband's laptop.
Played a soccergame today, i hurt my leg  Now i'm gonna listen to &quot;let me sign&quot; - robert pattinson and later watch so little time 
had short time at beach before it rained   , then hung out with Mom. Now back home and taking it easy....
Currently downloading the three expansion packs/extra content for Fallout 3.  Now I have to wait 
@iamjonathancook why Arent you guys coming to ny for warped tour? Now i dont have a reason to go 
Garden center said to use cotton seed mulch around my tomatoes. Now there's cotton sprouting!!   http://yfrog.com/58l19j
Made it back to Tuscaloosa... Now time to unpack 
@iceSCREAMflor Right now at 9. But my ghetto ass TV doesn't want to show it. Lmfao, I'm sad 
Enjoyed stories w/ Myriam. Now to tumbuktu 
Just tried to write @jeffreecuntstar a letter to give him at Warped, but I got all emotional. Now I'm kinda sad 
My phone has been dead all day  I'm having Tweet withdrawsssss haha! Congrats LeynaLu! Now it's partayyyy time!
Weekend in review: Cavs lost  I won a little bit of money and related well with my cousin from Florida... Now the fun begins
Watched Night at the Museum 2 today. The JoBro cherubs are soooo cute! Now i'm doing chemistry study 
So this is the awesome weather you've been keeping from me, sleep pattern. Beautiful. Now off to chat with mum from the library, indoors! 
Early morning workout. Now I still have a full day of work ahead of me and I'm... Exhausted! 
Had a fantabulous weekend in the sun with the Fam. Now I'm tired as hell. Back to work I go... Should have gone to bed earlier 
@HannahBedford sleep = overrated.  Right?!  Right.  Or not.  Oh no... I'm worried about eye bags.  I am sleep deprived too 
Damn, drysuits are affordable on ebay. Now I have no excuse 
@NewYorkChica  ugh! Now I'm more freaked out about flying today for #oscarmayer
I dropped my PSP  Now it won't start occasionally.
I am plugged in... i think i just took the red pill. Unstoppable! Now i'm hungry 
Zoobar w/ K &amp; S was delish. Studied. Now watching the season finale of the hills. LC's last show 
Really rather wishing I hadn't heard 'One Love' in the sarnie shop earlier. Now it's stuck in my head and dissolving my brain 
Someone took my Cols Dispatch off of my front porch!  It was there earlier. The mail came, so thought I'd get both. Now it's gone!   Jerk.
I Want BlackBerry Now... 
I had a great week in Orlando! Now back to work  Actually I can't complain about my job... I work at home!  http://www.arrfdesigns.com
@JordansMyFix Damn... I wish you could go...   Now we have to try find some riff raff fan to sit next us... 
@abeldanger: Content that should've been released as upgrades to the original. Wouldn't even mind paying. Now the user base will be split 
Aww man... My pic won't change!!!  twitter needs to get it 2getha!!! Now!! Hmmpphh
@joaniemaloney Things have got to look up once they go back home right? ...Right? 
ER 13 is OVER :O Now it's ages till we'll have 14 here 
Lol, hell ya. Cept... Now a days that's not that much  o well better than nothing! Lets go buy some ho's
All my bills are PAID! Now im broke 
It's taken me a year and a half to convert my CD library to completely digital! Now onto my DVDs 
@g33kgurrl WOW! 50/20. Now that's impressive! Can only dream 
Just got done eating a awesome chicken salad.  Mmm...  Now to clean up a little before going to work.  Sad.  
Just finished brushing my hair. Now I have to study for my science test!  Don't like studying or tests!!! 
Sonofa... Guess who woke up sick as a dog.. Thanks housemates! Now I will cough and blow my nose on you.  I feel like craaaaappppppp
Bought some steaks and charcoal. Now I just need some flame to get the grill fired up!  I have no lighter or matches. 
Arg. I fell asleep. Now I really have to get some work done. But I don't want to!! 
I know im late but the season finale of The Game was sooo good! Now im mad they cancelled it. 
My drink was vibrating in sympathetic resonance with the last song. I took a sip and it stopped.  Now I'm sad 
@tobint Yeah, it's happened to me before.  Now to search around the house for an Xbox 360 casket.
@scriptfu I'm too short! Now I'll never be the Hulk. 
Summarised 8pgs in2 1! Now, Financial Crime, 12pgs  9hrs 2 go &amp; 11hrs till freedom!
@themaguire iiggt I will I'm trying to push n make the right decision trust should not b used n the subject I could b dead! Right now 
Just graduated!!! Now i'm having a ball @ Flanigans with the family!!! I Love them.. I wish he was here though 
@JesseMcCartney why wont you be in Dallas with NKOTB? Now I can't see you! 
Totally just got sidetracked by Facebook. Now I am going to be up really late again. 
@sydistic haha I don't even know how I got them, but strangely I just had a lot of Archie in my possession. Now they're lost 
Hate that I took a nap earlier... Now I'm wide awake and I have to be up early again tomorrow... 
@DougEWhite Awwwwwww  I'm sorry.  Now I feel bad.  
Sunburnt from the weekend on the welsh beaches.  Now have swollen glands and sniffly nose...must get up in 15 mins to get ready for work 
Just ate Wendy's ...didn't pay for any of my drinks tonight- bc the owner did... Now I have a headache 
Watching a video of Now I'm Nothing in HD and feeling like crying because I doubt I'll see it live. 
@stalebread You didn't see my house keys did you? Now I have to break into my house.  Don't really want my neighbors to see how easy it is
Finished the Wordpress upgrade. Now, I would go to coffee if I didn't stop drinking it about 10 days ago 
Fell asleep on the couch at 4 when it was light... Now it's dark 
Damnit, everyone now has &quot;Im a tits and ass man&quot;. I remember back when it was just mine  Now i have to look for something else...
Sunburn hurts....ALOT! Now I cant go on the surf tour 
@Lewislewisj Oh, dammit. Now that's just unfair  Also, London. Yay.
Wants to teach already. Please 2.5 years go fast... Now would be nice... Ok no 
I feel like this is like the worst day of my life. I had a little fight with my mom.  Now I'm going to Tampere! I hope my day gets better.
Zero email inbox!!!! Yeehaaaa. 450 mails caught up with. Now to conquor the todo list its created... 
Ok.... Now i am freaking out a little bit 
I'm Frizing Right Now 
DJ was late to work b/c of me  i turned the alarm off. Now it's time to get out of bed, shower, tan, work then to WARLOCKS!! woo hoo!
Waiting for my nieces to get here. Too bad its raining. Now i cant take them out to play  ...movie day! ...games!
I wish they had not gotten rid of G4 here at UofL!! Now I can't watch the live #E3 coverage... 
Two more teeth have been filled... Now Ireland and then again: dentist appointment 
@iSo14below Now I'm really glad I made it to the African Bazaar. It's the closest thing to Odunde 
My mum dropped a Spider on my bed! Now she can't find it!  FUCK.
excited about Sims 3!! Now if only I had time to play it 
Being a Cubs fan is gut-wrenching and I've been at it for over 40 years.  No hitter going into the 7th and up 5-0.  Now 5-5 in the 11th.  
Crap. The time was off on my camera. Now some of my pic of the day pics are messed up again. 
Cann I have My Vampire and Shiny Volvo Now PLZ I'm Bored  well Getting off Now BYES
back from Ribet! Now to start on that homework... 
@imakereality  petition signed! Saw this coming . Where else are they going to get 800 billion? Now they are looking at  a VAT 
@leighsh Hi friend! It was good. I slept a lot of it and did some running around. Now homework  How was your day, stinky? (sewage comment)
My 6000th tweet was an @ reply. Boo. Now i can't celebrate. 
was watching this documentary called Earth 2100, but now it just ended  Now its bedtime for me good night peeps
My straightener has been beheaded. It can only be the work of one...Francis. Now what 
Just finished eating my lunch.Now I have 2 help my Dad with his email stuff  BORING!!!
Damn it! Now it really came off 
FINALLLLLLLLYYYYYYY. Now I'm too lazy to start my work. 
@victorjd I'm over the football. That no try decision killed NSW. Now 2-18. 
Hurray got my issue of OPM today! Now I've skim-read it I must revise before going more in depth 
Calculus it is, because, after all, i'm still human. Now to reprocess everything in existence 
I ran out of time in my stupid exam  I think I failed History Now...
Pulled/hurt a muscle in my neck. Now my right side is numb. Fuuuuuck 
The weathers nice, schools over, and I'm kinda board already  I think I'll go to Germany  Now that sounds like fun, thats it I'm leaving
I hate taking days off. Now I'm going nuts trying to catch up what I've been missing 
Hurrah...show open!! Now time to relax into summer - where did the sun go?? 
Doctor said he couldn't do much about my headache  so I'll have to wait untill it's over. Now I'm sick @ home doing homework.
OOC( Now to, try and rebuild my story... and remember what I lost when MS Word crashed.... (no it didn't save a copy either  ))
@patriciaco of course I'm happy that you got a reply, but I still hate you. KIDDING. Now help me...please? 
...to be the best of my ability. Now to study Bishop and Walcott 
This day started on a sucky note. Woke up to a sudden, sharp pain in my back. Now I can can barely move or breath without it hurting 
So while I was in line at the DMV, I got a ticket for expired plates (the old ownder's) Now I have to contest it. Sucks butt 
hmm thunder and lightning! I Love it! Now if only I had a tripod and shutter release for my LX3....  #fb
@scottique - Curse you for making that last message too long to properly retweet! Now I'm going to have to shorten it or something... 
@DonnieWahlberg Hmm... Now I want waffles too bad there isn't a damn WH here in San Antonio 
AWESOME-O!!! The dvd sets of Entourage and T2 on blu-ray arrived today. Got delivered @ my neighbours'. Now finding time to watch it lol 
@DonnieWahlberg Now why didn't you do that last night in Atlanta?! 
Gym! Now i have to take my final 
is off. Now to go home and watch Knick work. 
@_CHEL_ I'm sad you're not going to be in DCT  anymore...  Now we have some 4L freaks....  xxx
@UltimateHurl Now you're leaving me in that friend's house, I wasn't even invited, Marc told me to come 
@mikeflaws It's the last one though.   Now all I have is Transformer band-aids.
Movie night got called off!  Now what am i going to do tonight?
I bought the 7-11 cashier a nail file from Walgreens because I hate ragged nails too and she needed one. Now she wants to repay me. 
What a game! Hotty toddy! Now back to studying my life away... 
My cats aren't dying today! Yay! Now I just need to figure out how to pay for gas this summer. Internship are free labor 
Just ate some sliced-bread pizza and played on Lexulous. Now I just have to muster the energy to clean the apt. And ... heartburn.  
Dropped @themattharris off at SFO.Now sad. 
Rock band is the best game  ever. Thank you EA. Now for the rest of their creations... 
Wet and cold. Now warning up in the pub. I don't wanna venture outside again 
Just when I think I'm gonna hit 100 I loose a couple of tweeps.  Come on people let's get @WHEEZYDABOSS to 100. Now let's get it.
Just landed in Florida!! Now another flight to puerto rico! But it's two hours long this time 
My bro just left. Now I'm a sad rae 
Twhirl is tripping. Won't let me unfollow ppl in my feed  Now I have to actually do it via the web. ugh.
Mmmm I feel all refreshed.  Now where the f is my juice? GONE!!! 
Yay! Jus had super fun. Now its time 2 lay it down before my 13 hour work day tom   *sigh*  goodnight tweople...
I met the cutest boy tonight. But he has a girlfriend  He did give me his shirt though!! Right off his back!!!
There was a time in hip hop history when u couldnt even be a wack rapper on your BLOCK. Now ur wack rappin azz can rule the world 
@Bryan_Talembrug Aawww. Now, we have to wait.. AGAIN. 
Forums at GallifreyOne closing July 31st.  Now where am I going to lurk and get my Who news from?
I should've joined the tourney today. Ugh. Now i'm bored 
aaacckk... forgot to order my Indian cigs! Now gotta pay full price for some.   Smokers should check out: www.escape.to/CheapCigsonline
@timmehrees  would've been fun. Now you just need the twitter facebook plugin so it pushes your tweets to Facebook like for @valorin and I
Jeez. Now I'm crying for her...  Just cause I know how it feels.
Terrible nights sleep. Dropped off between half 6 and 7 (?) eventually and woke at 11  Now for some sport to wake me up!
GRRRR Now front desk says we have to vacate our entire condo not just the smaller A side like they originally said. 
Found my lost iPod cable!!! Now I need to find my $100 earphones 
rented Valkaryie on DVD last night.....very good!   Now i need to cut my grass. 
@QueenM81 Now I feel bad I was a part of it asking for US tour coverage  UGH! I was going to do a video of our adventures.Next time..
Ah crap. Jesse has a fever! I thought he did last night when he woke up shaking. I gave him motrin and back to sleep. Now it's only 100.4 
Just finished with the season finale of #Lost. Now I need to wait for a long time to c wat happens next 
Jonathon just told me he did not want to move... I guess if I think about it I wouldnt have wanted to move my jr yr either   Now im torn.
@newtgingrich What a great politician you would have been maybe President! Dems beat you up   Now Dems can't get a person that pays taxes
Omg i need 2 get OUT! Now the rain is coming again 
R.i.P Dad...i love you. :'( Now what to do... see @danecook or sell my ticket?  Life is just NOT fair. :'( :'(
I can't wait to get my 360. Right at exam time too. 
Just got a call from the PD. Now it's obviously six people I knew who died in the air france plane ... rip 
@Kevirus Shit. Now I don't know whether or not I'm shocked. 
@britttnicole Jbs youtube account got suspended?? I wonder how!! Now all there videos are GONE!! 
@WingsOutSpread Now IO wanna see it... 
Off at the Hottest of Topics. Now on to job number two   
@ALauderdale Because they are so good! We had 2 Sonics in gville but they BOTH closed!  Now I have to drive 45min for Sonic!
No CHL in mail today   got new fixtures for kitchen new light in bathroom and finished trimming 400 rounds for my rifle. Now to load e ...
the anger and frustration of last week have subsided.  Now I'm just bored, but with heaps of editing to do.  
Huge headache has just landed in my body... Now, to waste time til Pushing Daisies starts... 
Crap.  They graduated.  Now what?  Band is gonna suck now.  
Perfect night for a drive-in movie. Apparently everyone else thought so too... couldn't get in!     Now home eating candy in bed 
OMFG I found wifi at work!!! Jesus is watching over me tonight.  Now only if I could find some weed 
Well, that was short lived. Now Safari can't find the plug-in. 
Geraldine has colic. Now that the horse vet is gone the hourly checkups through the night begin. 
I miss @Sakoyo and I reread something on DA that made me think sad though. Now I am sad. 
UGH! Forgot I had to eat to take the rest of my meds! Now that puts me an hour late for bed 
@kyle_newman Wheres my digital copy at Kyle?!?! Huh?!? Now you drop the Blu-Ray shit on me? Aw, man. Now I haz a sad... 
Omg homebody said he was comin on this boat ride bcuz I'm here. Now he's rollin a damn blunt on the line smh. I don't eff wit drug users! 
The Hangover was soooo funny.  Now it's time for bed then homework allll day tomorrow 
@nikkibop it was my outlet. Now it's gone. Poof!!! 
@iamFrankBlack OMG! I didnt need to see all that! http://mypict.me/2TiX ...smh Now I wanna go to the bbq! 
Oh dear - flaming June - Just had to rescue the tomato plants that had laid down to die! Now nice and wet 
Woke up like 15 mins ago! Now can't get back to sleep 
@Cocunus aaa! Now you're talking! Doar ca daca e 3d, s-ar putea sa fie dublat, which sucks 
Jst watched big brother from last night!! Hahaha was funny wen them special forces ppl barged in, i wuda bn scared! Now to revise :-/  xx
There! Bought 2x 1TB ext hdds(!) Now finally I might be able to think less about managing 4x 500gb weirdly partitioned drives 
Is ufc the mixed martial arts? Cuz I love watching that stuff- its awesome. Now its morning and it's not on anymore, nor am I home. 
Got shampoo in my eye! Now It's all red! 
@miasedai Probably.  Man.  Now I have a craving for chips. 
Afternoon finish my homework  Now I replay to sims 3 ahah
I abandoned my Yahoo account for a while. Now it's hacked &amp; I'm trying to fix the mess.  Too many precious messages to save 
@MissyWard Now we know who's the #luckygirl going to Italy!  I wish I was you   Enjoy!
Seaside weekend. Now back to gray &amp; dull Bucharest 
Just leaving Chicago.. Now comes the LONG ride home. 
YAY! cleaned my desk. Now I have to revise! Maths P2 and Irish P1 
Woke up super late. Now ii missed church 
@NeverShoutSophi Thanks a lot   lol , Im On My Bass Now 
I'M BACK! I finished studying for 2 subjects! I am so proud ^^ Now, I have to finish stuadying.  The relative's house was awesome! 
I spilled pineapple juice down my shirt. Now my tits are sticky. Cleavage fail 
Thanx Heidi. Now I want some smores now.  And at a time where its time to get my body right.  http://myloc.me/2VSN
bible study over.  Now, time for laundry  Laundry is no fun.
@LuvHappy how could you mention Bill Hicks while I'm sitting here listeneing to the world's saddest song? Now I need a nurse  ;)
Apparently I'm an idiot and THOUGHT I was DVRing the F1 race today but I FORGOT it was on Fox. Now I have to find out the results online. 
Ok.. Now it's really late and I think I have to sleep. Today wasn't my day  and I hope tomorrow will be better! Good night everyone
Started using Wesabe again....  Now i can see where all my money is going 
done and DONE!!! Now to get ready for my last 4 days as a first grade teacher at Adams..... 
Just got back to Anderson.  Now to unload the van 
Whoa that tornado was intense =/ Now i have nothing to do....Gah i miss Czech! and she only been in Florida for like a day... 
@Rangerita Right?! I feel like he went from way hot to kinda creepy in the course of one hour. 
Epic night at Riot! Now work, ughh... 
@AubreyODay Right? Especially the part about how he was calling for his mom. 
@Fulmer Right now, we kinda are. 
@maineluver34 Remember my dog Hoover got sick and died? Now my other dog, who ive had for almost four years is sick with it. Shes dying. 
Better interface and all but they will insert advertisement between your timeline. Now that's bad. 
@HaryantoD Better interface and all but they will insert advertisement between your timeline. Now that's bad. 
Wrestling just over! Brillo event! Now, why am i up in 4 hours?! 
Frak. Now I feel guilty for not going to hang with my dad sooner. He don't need to ream me out; I can do a stellar job of doing it myself 
@aarondelgado The fake cheese  Yuck ! Now the gift you're going to receive is going to suck! Srry for the delay it will be great just wait
its 20 to 3am and im back in ATL. Now i need to take a shower and get to work tomorrow for my meeting at 10am. Bummer #bonnaroo = over  
Shower, tea and DR Radioavisen. Now I have to leave 
Urgh, new TweetDeck update stops the minimise operation from working as before   Now it always shows on taskbar
@Hotnew Yah! Now I just wanna go home to dl True Blood tho :p still got 4.5hrs to go here 
Yarg. Stupid #hp power supply died  Why must me electronics be so damned finicky. Now I have to find one online because the #NEX has not.
Wow. What a great weekend of training in Victoria. Now back to work 
Hail to the end of basketball season. I'm closer than close to Football season!!! Now to get past this baseball thing   I can't wait!!!!!!
Slept in my own bed,1st time in a week, so good!!!  Now off to work yay 
What a weekend. Holy moly!! Now back to work - boo for that 
Spent a lot of time outside getting some fresh air, which was great! Now I need to get started on some work 
@jtjdt I like basketball! Used to watch it a lot when the Kings didn't suck. Now I only watch playoffs. Missed the last game though 
@SHAYDENISE Now u c y I b beasting for dem shyts LoL I got Mich up on it too but uhhh what we eattin for lunch 
im kinda pissed that i fell asleep at the movies! Hangover or what it was called seemed really funny! Now, who wants to take me again? 
Where the f are my mixtapes?? I need/want mixtapes!!! Help!!! Now im sad, really really sad 
Band calls: complete. Now I have to clean up my room 
WTF.. Now we got lightning but no thunder &amp; no rain... Spooky 
@lopps_1999 ugh, it's what was decide,  I know there are plenty of other video sites, but #youtube is supposed to be #king Right?
Glad India lost. Don't have to stay up late and watch the dump matches. Now I can stay up late and work 
One wonders why Broad didn't come in earlier? Now for more rain 
Is done for the day! Fuck yes. Now to catch up! 
I just woke up and am still tired. Laziness FTW. Now, off to homework... 
I really need to be horizontal. Right now. 
Why did they decide to make Ghostbusters on Blu Ray? Now I have to sit and watch it 
nap was good! Now back to cleaning, working out, have to read my book, then work on IN trip. Micah has to work late 
@DJJamesMonroe Right there with ya. I don't even know how to sleep. 
My computer broke down. Right now I'm at the library. No more updates until my computer is fixed  so sad
@tommcfly FFS I WAS MEANT TO BE THERE. Now I'm really pissed off 
#iremember when i bougth ALBL last year! ='( Now I have to wait God knows how long to buy LVATT!  
iis suffering with hayfever  nandos with the gurls was DRO as usual! Now am off to bed my babys xx
Exhausted. Now time to deal with my crazy family. 
Just watched the Wrestler. Now I feel lonely. 
Is trying n I hope its not too late. Right now I don't have her heart 
I think... I think I finished chapter 4? Fuck, that was hard. Now to edit the shit out of it. 
Ugh. Everytime I try to put my picture on here it doesn't work. Now no one can see me. 
Wait, Spinal Tap was on Conan? Now I really feel like I wasted the day 
I fell. Twisted my ankle. Now I'm sitting here going 'ow ow ow.'  
Grrr...freakin' comcast on-demand. Now it doesn't wanna work 
@GOODENess357 Aww... Holes in your soul? Now I feel bad. 
@brunoalencar Traido naaada! Eu fiquei ouvindo mais Nothing's Impossible do que This. Here and Now. With You. Eu juro  HAUHAUA
Finally finished uploading the Kidz Safari pics in FB. Now thinking of doing some housework 
I just did a half-ass job of flat ironing my hair. Now I look the the mean, old lion from 'The Wiz'! 
@heeyunk Oh man, I expect pictures of the neko bus!  Now I wish I was going to my bunkasai 
Hamster sorted, dishes done and kitchen cleaned. Now its revision time 
@____FORREST aww bro we have almost identical usernames haha you coulda told me that before Forrest seriously. Now we look REAL cool  lol
Omg i am such a clutz i just fell and scraped the crap out of my knee ! Now im gonna be all scrapey for prom 
@KtLeydon  Now I'm more worried that they'll make me swallow a tablet that I am about getting swine flu xD 
Glad to finally satisfy my pancake craving, but sad that a bunch of other ppl refused to eat any! Now they're cold and heavy as rocks. 
Parents leaving for Cali today. Now I'm all alone. 
@endlessblush Nuts!  You should watch &quot;Role Models&quot;. Now that'll get you smiling.
@Thrillhouse17 it's a tiny bike though.  Only a 125. Now, if that was a 600, I would agree.
@LaszloatDell insights how to deal w. this? Dell said they'd phone to extend warranty &amp; never did. Now 1 week late and can't.  Angry 
@JuneAtDell insights how to deal w. this? Dell said they'd phone to extend warranty &amp; never did. Now 1 week late and can't. Angry 
Oh, Last.fm, why won't you scrobble the music on my iPhone? Now my Overall Top Artists is getting all screwed up 
Urrgh. Stayed up too late last night organizing tasty pieces of hay I plan to eat. Now I'm too tired to eat them. 
Fuck. Now I work 12-6 
Price is Right is over  time to go for a run!
@Dapper_Dude Now. that's one of my weakness I don't like to see people hungry 
Finally i have finished Chapter 4   Now, Chapter 5 
Could not buy the dress I wanted to, because the they didn't have my size X( Now I'm very unhappy 
Da Nero's has a new website. All my doing.... Now to get payed and be rolling in cash until I spend it all on the film 
For some reason, Adium deleted all my contacts for AIM. Now I have to go through my chat logs to find everyone again 
I WANT THE SIMS 3!!!  &lt;--Now who wants to buy it 4 me??...Serious inquiries only lol..
Woke up from a nap...GREAT! Now i won't be able to sleep  lol
I just got bit by a huge fucking spider in Animal Crossing. EWWW!!! Now I feel like I really got bit  I hate bugs.
I should have been in bed an hour ago.. Now works too... Up at 5 30 for work. Praying hubbys MRI goes good and nothings horribly wrong... 
Saw Jack this morn, he's good, back real good!  Now at work  oh well, it does pay the bills.
@judiluvslife I know.  So close yet so far.  It was on webcast though. Very nice. Now only the podcast is up   Put some pics here though!
OK, I heart iheartradio on my 'berry. Now I can listen to oldies alllll the tiiiime. Come back, Oldies 95!! We miss you 
Just checked out these tags in the Mission, SF http://bit.ly/kdBYj Now I'm missing The Bay, The Homies and their Fish Tacos 
Picked up Errrrl. Now on my way home. Court in the morning 
Yayyyy.  Slept for an hourrrr! Yaayyyyayyayy.  Now I hav to wake up 
Aarghh! Overslept! Stupid alarm! Now I'm gonna be running 45 minutes late the entire day! 
Thought I was sleepy. Now I can't sleep. 
Tired. Bed. Now. One more day here then we head back to the real world 
@HaamidTBL Hahah, I went out with friends around like two.. Now I can't sleep no matter what,  You?
Quite excited by the championship fixtures for the toon, Cardiff away in September! Now gotta go get new tires fitted... More expense 
Last interview done! Woo! Now decision and rejections, damn 
Foolishly, I typed m*rketing in my last Tweet (but with an A, not an *) Now have a shed load of related bots (and/or twats) following me. 
Had some kind of a facial. Now I'm at home and missing my laptop.  Can't wait for tomorrow!
I can't believe I lost my camera in Nicaragua!!!  Now I have no photos of my trip FML 
Redone bedroom looks soooooo good. Now to clean the rest of the house and do some major homework 
Grocery shopping accomplished. Now, where is that dang iPhone upgrade?!?! Stilllll waiting... 
Omg , I can't believe that I actually opt to change my hairstyle. Now i've got horrendous , hideous bangs! So much for being bold 
My ankle is busted up.  Now I can't play in my tournament in Portland this weekend. Thanks Earth for beating my ankle up.  
Oh what! My tutor place is being shutdwn? Now I have to go some place in DB! MotherEFFER  who's going to the lakers parade?!
@KeithMelton99  RIP Space Opera  Now what's that about swords? 
Upgrading iPhone 3G to 3.0. Fail! Now have a black brick that won't restore  http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1275 http://ff.im/46z7i
I Want To Travel Right Now..But I Have To Wait Till Next Wenesday 
@CarrieCheap in 97 when they released Clumsy - one of my favourite albums back then. So good. Now they're kind of pop... so unoriginal. 
iPhone OS 3.0 is a good one. Now I might acutally use it as a phone! But a 3am wakeup wasn't so nice 
Tonight was crap didn't get in was too busy. Now we don't no wot to do 
Who the fuck was smoking in the ATM? Now the whole branch smells like ciggarettes 
Omg I fell asleep. Now I'll be up all night. 
@aboynamedart OMG! Now I really wish I was going this year 
Still waiting for instructions to return smoker to Cooking.com. Now they say they'll email the info in 1-2 days. 
@Cuevman81 Ha! I know the feeling. Now might be a good time to sign up for Entergy's level billing plan. 
Wants to be back in Orlando...Now! Also, she is annoyed at stupid opening shifts ruining her chance for post airport sex 
Went to go layout at my pool, and there was no flippin sun ugh! Now im super bored 
Downside to having a TV in front of the elliptical? I don't stop . . . Now I feel nauseated 
@KristenCampisi Now I'm scared to tweet his a$$. 
Has Got The Worst Headache Right Now 
Lost the Kickball finals  congrats to the cobra kai! The best team won! Now on to karaoke our asses off.
has messed up the controls on the Zelda app... Now I can't play it... Wtf 
After its taking like forever to download OS3,finally it fails on me.Now I can't fully use my phone.I cant text,call,surf etc 
@solcalcutie07 Yeah me too. I felt bad for him having a dad like him before this. Now i feel worse 
Registered on SMSGYAN. Now I can tweet via sms for free.. Thanks to @shemeel But unfortunately its not working 
@Lewdogg3 I love you. I need the music. I was so excited. Now I'm sad. 
Woke up now! MIssed a lot BC !!  @Marutib naaaiceee ! Now don't loose the chance ;)
Feeling insatiable. Now i have OS 3, i want 3G S - wont happen though- Germany's T-Mobile makes us wait one  yr for upgrades. 
Spinning Done!!!!! Now off to work for the next 14 hours 
So I got into bed around 5:30 AM. Couldn't sleep. Now 7:30 AM. Still haven't been to sleep. 
Slept thru alarm. Missed every possible train/transport that would have gotten me to work on time. Now an hour late at least. 
Yes! I finished my Religion assignment XD. LOL! Now time to do my math assignment away from the computer... 
Forgot I had a dentist appointment at 8.  Now I am 25 minutes late.
I woke up with a stomach ache, but HAD to go to lab.  Now it's time to nap!
@Mrs_Penguin Now you've made me hungry  That sounds delicious right now!
Must contain that excitement tho as I ate a toasted chicken sandwich in record time. Eek! Now my tummy doesn't like me anymore 
went to get my allergy shots today, but someone forgot to order new serum last time. Boo!  Now I'll sniffle all weekend 
pretty productive morning in the office. Now trying to figure out what to do (inside) for the last day of the afterschool program. Rain 
Ok woke up very late! Now time to go to the funeral 
Morning Tweets. Ppl love to text me like an hour before I need to be up. Now there's no point going back to bed cuz I'll oversleep. 
@RicochetRed Now he's saying he doesn't want to go  Well, I'm replacing that chair.  It MIGHT be fixable. But not by me.
Just woke up from one of those dreams I reaaaally believed happened &amp; I'm pissed!  15&quot; MBP tricked out for $30? Or a 17&quot; for $400! Right!!
UberTwitter is borked...ugh! Now all my replies are not showing up in the timeline!!!!!!!!!! Sorry if I didn't reply 
Can't wait to read Bleach 362 tonight or tomorrow morning. Should be good!  Now time to got to Heck.. oh I mean work 
I have everything for France  Now I just needa pack... 
@MatthewRusso Yeah I know  Now I need a data recovery company to try to get all the docs off the crashed hard drive. LMK if u know any..
@CGMorley Dam, if I had known 5 min earlier I could have ridden with Alberto and the V-Australia team. Now it's a lonely ride by myself. 
NOOOO! Now my summer is free. 
Mad excited!!! Now to go out in the rain. 
Kids are still sleeping and so is hubby! Now I'm just getting bored.  I need to wake them soon so we can eat and leave for VBS.
lunch time jam was fun Erika &amp; Shads r great 1 day to be just as good Now 4 some finger stretches 4 these tiny sausage fingers of mine 
ok..took the keytrain exam this morning and so thankful thats OVER!!  Now off to chill out tonight w/my Grandma before she leaves 
My MacBook is still under Apple Care!  Now I'll be without computer for a week. 
@ArcherIsMyName Yeaaaaaaah   I need 2 be Held Now! 
@emjay0121 I'm up for it...let's go. Right now. I went in HS but it rained when we got there  I'd love to go back!
Just went to M&amp;M world. Sweetness! Now i gotta go and wash my dance stuff. Fuuuuun... 
#Oceania Cruises charges clients banking fee on top of final payment. Wassup with that? Now I have upset clients and I have more work. 
Husband's blog got hacked  Now all posts have strange text. If anyone knows Wordpress and can help pls email me.
finally got some sleep! Hallelujah! Now getting ready for work 
Stupid people. Now we aren't going to the zoo tomorrow  Blehh
long day! 2 doc appointmts and even missed my nia class  Picked up Pho for dinner.+ Shiraz.  Now relaxing with raw almonds and ginger tea.
Ate something wrong. Now I am sick. 
MY girlie is HOME!!! Now I need to go take care of my poor sick man 
I broke the dryer! We just got it in December! UGH! I break everything. Now I have to blow dry my shit with a hair dryer 
I have changed and i've realized i was wrong. Now i'll never get to see your face. Oh my love. 
Sadden; all the Seniors are gone  Now ima be a senior   Life is going by too fast
The fiddlers are playing sad music outside.  Now I'm all blah... 
Single day Lollapalooza passes on sale! Now I can't decide what day to go though. 
What the hell is doing Electrabel ?!? Now more than 2 months we are waiting them to do the work in our house. Everything is blocked 
696 words? Wooo. Now I want to sleep 
Ay chin! Now I don't know what in the world I did. Only he does  and I can't call him.
I just remembered the white chocolate crispies snacks they make over there. Now I wanna go back to Guayaquil 
Radio 1 lied, sunny my arse! Now I'm cold 
Home. Safe n sound. Now I'm hungry! 
#Fail #Mutual Funds Now with no entry loads, what would advisors charge and how would they sell their funds? A person I met charges 1% 
My man took the laptop.  Grrrrrr... Now I have to actually go to the basement to check stuff.  
asiago cheese bagel from Panera, mmmm. Now off to work 
My 11 year old rusty Pontiac needs a entire new break system. $1700.00   So I sold it to the mechanic for $200.00. Now life with one car!
@bleutopia  Yer post prompted me to check my followers for spam, and I cld believe how many there were! Now I have no friends 
Fwit failed earlyer. Pic was from third and last paint colour being mixed. Now to clean up room 
SQUEEEEE! My iPhone 3GS just arrived! Now I need to wait until lunch to hook it up 
Just got done w/ donuts w/ dad. I am sick and Elijah was freaking out when I had to leave. Now my heart is broken on top of the flu. 
Noooooooo UPS came way earlier than usual. Now I have to go to the distribution center to get my 3GS tonight 
Wants Lottie Home Now 
@PaulaFanx13 Right hereee, lol. my pc is being SO dumb it wont lemme do nething but twitter &amp; its even making twitter slow! 
Blair Witch Project. Now. I wish I had someone to watch it with me  I have no friends. Might watch with my dad.
@Xavier8188 Yay... Now I want one 
awh!great! Fee waiver denied  Now I have to pay fifty-five bucks, Just my luck!
Bad day. Cuz i eat when i'm bored. Now i feel very guilty 
Gah! The blasted DMV!! Now serving 55 and I'm 78 
I have been CRAVING salty pasta, preferably with cheese on top! Now as I sit in Bertucci's the vast options are threatening a meltdown 
I waited too long to decide to upgrade to a 3GS.  Now they are all sold out 
was just on the phone with Aaron for over 2 hours O.O Now I really miss him 
Macedonia left RNN today...  Now I definitely need to get out.
Yay I got to 2000! Now no one turn on me and unfollow me like Diddy 
Don't like killing my own kind, but tha git wouldn't shut hs trap! Now ta drink in peace!  almost wish Dru was at my side. 
Its O V E R ! ! ! Now to find them, take pics, talk, more pics, decide dinner... Crap. Just realized i'm not even close to being done 
Rise and shine again! Overslept again  Now i need to go wash up and meet sucker!
... and that was still allowed to be posted! Now i don't know how to contact our lovely LJ fans 
Mission Grandma successful.  Now at airport... they confiscated my honey.   I'm not having a good run this week!
Er1 clothes was a size to small an that was jus for the ones who had some on.. Now that's sad KIDS 
St.Albans and went to a macdonalds at 00:00! Now im exhausted but can't sleep 
Nooooo!!!! Now Rafael Furcal gets a 3-run hr!!!!! So sad.... 4-1 Dodgers.... 
I just finish my book. Now i don't know what to do. Sleep isn't an option 
Crying for my iPod... Now all the videos are gone  everything is gone ... Why they had to erase everything form my computer?!?!
@Ali_I_Am_Beatz lol. Watever! Now everyone knows n see's how badly u treat me!! 
Oh and I'm brilliant cuz I didn't let my comforter dry all the way before putting it back on my bed. Now my sheets are wet too. Bummer. 
@grantswilson I love On-Demand I recently came home from Iraq for 15 days R&amp;R. I got to watch the 2009 episodes of GH. Now back in Iraq 
@Jchawes I love On-Demand I recently came home from Iraq for 15 days R&amp;R. I got to watch the 2009 episodes of GH. Now back in Iraq 
Dreamt about wallpaper with old fashioned etchings of fossils on it.  Now want some and it doesn't exist online 
Bugger. Quarantine didn't work. Now the whole family is sick 
@n8sant praying with and for you &amp; your family, friend. bittersweet, i know. life btw the Now &amp; the Not Yet is hard. 
Just a small problem finding our expeditor. Now on board plane and ready to leave Rio. 
@hanaabanana OMG yay! Where did you hear that?? Now all we need is George....don't think that'll happen though 
is wondering who stole his garlic and shallots. I'm very sure my housemate hide it somewhere! Roar!! Now I can't cook... 
@NokkonWud Now you need to replace TWO world class players and tbh I can't see who would come to UTD over RM. Its all about the cash mate 
@MJChatter I just checked, It's clear in TN and GA!  Now I'm really jealous! haha
Done! Now i have to wait 2 weeks 
Uh, wtf is wrong with my eye? Now I can't go back to sleep. 
Once upon a time there was a Mundus Group. Now there're three 
B4TB on 20m Now!!! No chances for me... 
Just watched this whole weeks masterchef episodes on masterchef.com.au. Happy! Now its back to studying  bah!
My iPod went swimming. Now it's swimming with the fishes.  rest in peace.
@Chubbx Now you're speaking my language! ;) Whassup, sweetie? 
Is So Jelous Of My Sisters New Laptop Right Now 
#squarepace, today is my birthday and my wife sold her 1st gen iPhone. Now she is buying herself the 3G s. Can u help me out ?  
Guh. Now we r staying nite at ellen's but i'm still driving and driving back alone 
Day 2: Now in cali. [...] its raining though... So sad. How am i gonna get a tan, the weather just is unwilling to work with me.  A.Leas
Finally in Nashville. Now to see about replacing my Mitzy. 
I always wonder why i can sign up on Say Now from my country, thats suck! Cz i cant call @ddlovato n @selenagomez 
Just finished my gym workout. Go me. Now I get to go to work 
Getting off the laptop now, it's my brothers turn  ... Now I'm super bored... bbl tweeters.
@Roxeh Right!!! lol... well I did but still...   The people who worked there worked 4 free....
Just got a notice that my online class was over registered?!?! Now I have to wait till fall quarter - ugh!!! Glad I bought the $80 book 
&quot;Before the storm&quot; finished  Now it's &quot;Burnin' up!&quot;
 Sometimes for no apparent reason I miss Japan. Now is one of those time.
Another action-packed weekend! Water, wheels and wicked fun. Now to work-packed week  then .. holiday 
Okay so I wanted Chinese cus I was hungry but made brownies. Ate two!! Now I feel sick and my parents just brought home....Chinese food!  
How the f*** did I get lost on State street?! Now I gotta walk all the way back LOL 
@ashboob u need to go sit down. Now. I'm not playn . 
Feel ashamed that at age 3 all you did was suck on candy. Now suck on this. 3 yr old's own album  http://youtube.com/watch?v=GDq-E708lHU
Bummer out of Cyan ink so no cute hamburger baskets.  Cupcakes will be done in a few. Now, do I have it in me to roll/bake &quot;fries&quot;...
Uhhhh...pure waste of my time! Now I got anotha double tomorrow(fathers day)  gonna be sooooo tired!!
Exhausting day at work. Jus got off. Now have to be there at 8 in the morning.  wanna trade ?
E23 and E24 was like watching Season 1 again !!! Now I miss PB  There is not going to be MJS running around breaking into prisons 
@JonathanRKnight So I had 2 hrs sleep? Now time to go home to TX. See you in a month...no 5* 
Oh my goodness! Now I feel sick  Bad morning already.
I just slept in til 2... Awesome. xD Now off to a Erdbeerfest and then more packing. I would call my daddy, but its too early there. 
Playing with Chroma key.. Now if only this house wasn't so damn dark 
Checked in. Now I can wait for 2.5 hrs... 
@zerbetron That's really sucky.  At least your day can only get better! Right?
Literature work finished! Wooo! Now to finish Creative Writng. Aww 
I can't believe I missed the delivery of my computer!!! Now I can't play my sims 3 till tmrow.. UGH  not a good start to my day..
@KatieRose393 to meet up with my people to people friends. Ughh my phone should work. Now. 
feels accomplished! Now its time for Lunch!!! Didnt get my pizza though 
The ice melted. Now I'm all wet  
@tina_lindsey  Mean.  Now I'll be paranoid all day.
@VannyDel Shake your money-maker sister!!! I've hit a plateau (spl?) at 12 lbs lost. Now it's time to add the workout again at the gym. 
Cupcake was yummy. Now I want a nap. 
Been to dentist today and it is the same tooth I had a root canal..How??!! Now referred to a specialist 
Internship's over   Now what? Here's the post internship checklist - http://bit.ly/eo9tc ^AG
@BottleCat It was starting to look carrot colored. Ick. Now its a beautiful auburn. Except nobody noticed. 
@AllyPow Now you've all got me crying too!! Sleep will help, but it won't make us feel 100% better will it? 
@BlackTsChica It's not good. Now reporting could be as many as 7 deaths.  Those stupid Metro trains, I've always hated them!
Damn. Now three homers for texas. 
@vhickman013 tnt knows drama...    Dang. Now I have that jimmy eat world song in my head. Thanks dude 
@tinkermom It does make me happy. But now I am sad cuz I got french poodle pants dirty while supervising. Now I'm wearing boring pants. 
My cat pulled on the electrical plug until it was halfway out, then -- ZAP! Poor girl!  Now she's skittish and needs hugs and attention...
Sweetness! I had seen this on amazon.co.uk before but never on Amazon.com. Now I just need to finish the book already  http://bit.ly/3ehS5
I get to go home tonight! Yay! I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I actually might miss Seattle.  Now, I don't want to go home.
I love when ppl win on The Price is Right, and cry tears of joy.  Then... they learn about the taxes they have to pay on prizes, and cry 
I Should Have Knocked Before Entering Office... Feel Guilty Now 
Well the uncomfortable part of my exam today is over. Ladies you know what i'm talking about! Lol. Now for the blood drawing and shots! 
I supposed to be in Sabah. Now. At this time. Sigh 
@_J_A_M_E_S awwww thx! Luv u! Now it's the day after my birthday, i have 2 clean my room today 
Dang! I just spilled some mushy rice puddin on my shirt. Now it looks like I got C*m stains on me 
@gallo_extreme Right! But the ones I wanted are out of print; too pricey for me now 
Just got done eating Wendy's. Now waiting to go to my next class, which is math. 
Running ... Check ... Now time to eat some salad  I hate losing weight
@Bowen12 Now we won't be able to say Bruuuuuuuuuuuuce at the games anymore 
Just bought the Swedish vampire movie &quot;Let the Right One In&quot;. Can't wait to watch it. Still at work 
Getting Ready For School! Tired, didn't hear the alarm go off! Now im off to have breakfast. Then I have a LOOOOOOOOOOONG day at school.. 
OK done with the &quot;must do&quot; list.  Now on to the &quot;want to&quot; and I have no idea where to start... Myself or others first... 
Crap! Ring issue got worse &amp; fix doesn't work! Now the phone doesn't even ring and callers go straight to voice mail...  Solution anyone?
...and it works fine. WIN. Now I can erase it and sell the bugger. Sadly, a quick check on my laptop HD reveals problems. 
Damn it! Clear (the travel card) went bankrupt. Now I have to stand in line like the rest of you people... 
Damnit. Sure, I'm glad that Connex are out of the picture, but I just wrote a song about them for my show. Now my material will be dated. 
Work planning day over.  Now 2 days of meetings (and offline!) in Melbourne.  I'll miss my baby! Why is it a 6:30am flight??? 
@kyx_pdx Serious? Now I have to make a freaking trade in my franchise. 
Not numb anymore. Now in PAIN!!! 
I had a blast drinking it up for the LSU national Championship!!!!!!!! Now it it time to go to bed since I have to be a WEIU at 9:30 
tell me why I'm craving, and making a grilled cheese. Why am I on this crap so much? Right cause I'm sick and have nothing better to do 
was hit by a motobike while crossing the road at Hartamas. Now in the office nursing my shoulder n my bruised ego 
I'm finally done making the front cover of Stallion issue 1. Now, I have to do the back cover. 
OH NO! I got signed out of WL Messenger because I turned on my computer. Now my damn phone won't sign on again! 
@___Maira___ Now I'm totally embarrassed &amp; am worried that he thinks I'm a psycho. I have no doubt that I will never hear from him again. 
@Sophiyy true true.. Now our only limiting factor is Sams on the computer 24:7 soph 
Such shite music. Oooooh. Now none. 
My favorite jeweler closed shop and moved to Atlanta.   Now who do I turn to for my &quot;bling&quot; fix?
Now back in Motherwell after my little trip to Bo'ness. Now I have to do some proper work 
Now back in Lanarkshire after my little trip to Bo'ness. Now I have to do some proper work 
Omg mike mistakenly took the timing for Transformers to be 1030 when it's 1130!! Now we trapped here for an hour with nothing to do. 
@Lizzs_Lockeroom Now metro may be a different thing....No Slurpin on the train 
Metro = freakishly hot!!!  Now I know what leftovers feel like in the microwave!  
Strange. When we were 2gether (ahem) Pritam+Mohit came up with 'Tum se hi'. Now we've broken up, they've got 'Yeh Dooriyaan' !! 
Thank you sidewalk for jumping out and biting the top of my toe off. OuchFuckShitBalls. Now one of my little piggies is all hacked up. 
Finally, my long lost cousin, Kevin has gave me a call from US. Glad to hear that he and aunt are doing good. Now I start missing them.. 
@Mercedes_J Right I hope he's not really going to get rid of his twitter because of it  I already miss brian having twitter
Aargh aargh why is boss early day BEFORE I need to leave at 5.30 and late on day I have to? Now praying tube runs fast  on stage in 1hr
@Stefan_MK1  Now I just want to hug you.
Ready for tonight, making an awesome dinner w boo, parents are watching No. Now come on 5 - time u are movin annoyingly slow today 
@camillejaiden Dude.  Wow   Now I kind of sort of wished I'd gone, but still ehh.  $35 for 1 band.
@MistyDavies Glad I could help.  Now we just need barcode scanners.
@RulerofDazzle Right. Ok. Already had that. I'm sorry, I thought I missed something else. I didn't mean to look dense. 
@TregorySullivan w00t! I rate 78% of your @ asshattery? Awesome! Now I need to follow the other people you bug. 
congratulates WeenKee on two adorable little guineapig babies whose names @blackshtef is going to crowdsource... Right? 
@mlvalentine Merci! (Now I need to go find it before it falls off the stream... !) Say hi to Sophie for me 
@abegruber I'm a Wii virgin  Just need to get my tweet on! Now I'm pumped and getting back to pixels &amp; vectors!
@ChristinaPerk Now I'm lost! 
@FranzFangirl YAY!  Now tell me what games you get and we can arrange some Wii dates.  
@HappyBob Right now, anyone's good. What I'm most interested in is trying out my research method, not getting useful results. 
And I'm quite chuffed: Finally shelled out the cash for my ticket to WWDC.  Now there's just that matter for passport photos &amp; my flight 
Thanks to everyone who came to MOO Towers yesterday! So exciting to get your feedback. Now we start scheming in earnest 
and that's why we are in the classrooms working with them.    Right?
I am constantly amazed by our technology. It makes me wonder. Now check out this rad song!       &quot;Tripping&quot; ? http://twt.fm/33023
Duh! I had zoom on at 125% in IE 8! Now which one my kids did that?  But hey, I found this great article in my quest: http://is.gd/rb67
Oooookay, video done. No thanks to iMovie. Now, really really need to sleep. More sensible tweets tomorrow. 
Yeah I didn't know that. Now I do, thankies  hah
@TomVMorris Now that would be worth a few wrinkles. Oh, think of the wisdom you could collect in 500 yrs...&amp; yet, still questing for more 
First post! Now I'm a Twit. 
Our customers seemed satisfied with my work. That is always nice  . Now: scripting with jQuery
@LaurelHarper YES!Thx 2 Homeschoolers all around the world who voted 4 her.Last prize just received.Now I get to rebuild the sewing room 
@tcy28 Easter Bunny only brings one, on purpose. Now that it's gone I am looking for other junk food in the house! 
I am home. @lilyroseallen ROCKED! Now bed... then me and my cold will spend tomorrow on the couch 
Miley movie was fantastic!! Now onto new city diner 
@bonniestwit @nycgrl88 This 1 I probaby wont esplain. But trust me, its priceless  Now im off 2 the Beach. Yup. I am.  http://bit.ly/t6EDI
Thanks for the support! Followers  u all r the best.  Now i treating myself to spa treatment. I diserve it 
Allo internets. Out? Now? Dammit. &lt;3  i has an idea..!!!
@Parakeeet Haha. The little perv. :p &lt;firm tone&gt;: P! Go to bed! Now! 
@agt9274 Britney is fine once in awhile, but I wouldn't give her money by going to her concert. Now, Trent, on the other hand....! 
@anthonylojac  R U Right handed? what you do, your DNA and life will affect your hands. They're NOT 'Freakish'. 
I feel so CURRENT.  Now I have to figure how this works 
I'm editing the video from the DOWNTOWN seattle Tea party.... it's epic. Now... how to &quot;paint the picture.&quot; 
www.beautifulgirlsbandb.etsy.com  Shop Now! 
@belolats Cool  Now.. Where to meet?
The Boy drew me a birthday card, gave me a light dressing gown (my request) and cooked dinner for us tonight. Now he's cleaning up. 
@tjd06 I'm excited!! Now must convince hubby. Would be nice to finally actually meet you  Night night!
@boysandclothes Thanks for the greetings. Right back at yah  Lovely site you got there...
@DonnieWahlberg hello glad to here last night was a blast. Now MAY the cruise wish I could go bit can't afford hope you guys have a blast 
TX trip over.... Now for the extended vacation 
@JohnCassetto Right there with you... 
@jaguarjulie That's FANTASTIC! Congratulations  Now, are you going to make us some as a celebration treat?
@corrosiveheart That's wonderful, Candace! Now you have your little ones to be a part of it too! Congrats 
Reading about the movie Beowulf. Now I know why it is like a 3D movie or something. It is a motion capture film. 
@ToniMcGeeCausey Really enjoyed that blog. bout 1/2way thru I stopped quitting everything I'd quit at. Now I need 59-hour days. 
@tanijoy That's ok sis, getting good rest is always a plus! The spirit, soul &amp; mind need down time to refresh...Now your READY to get it 
Bummed. Now, while I wanna get all the &quot;time wasting&quot; out of my system it's quiet; later when I'm working, twitter &amp; ECning will perk up! 
Happy mah baby shower over. Now I can relax my tired ass body. 
Yay!!! My internet was being weird on my phone! Now its better! I love you twitterberry 
Wheels down, FRA. Now to cab it to Mainz, find hotel, and a bed and shower. 
@SarahVee6661 ;; Daz better. There. You gotcher 'Dew. Now you owe me a DP.  Because you love me so veryverymuch. riiiight~?
Already done with the news pages for this week's issue of BJP. Now can move on to next week 
@RaceSpeed @speedysasquatch.  Thank you.  Now I feel better.  ;)  I don't mind if you use the nickname.  I like seeing it on the boards.  
Today's event is went well. Everything is alright, nothing left. Now that's what you should call a great teamwork. 
Todays the big day; BRAACES will be put on at 8:30am. I'll tweet before myy oppointment  Wish me luck! Now I gotta go back to sleep.. ;)
@KelleeAnne Now I'm following you! 
Wordfast Professional - works with Classic license  Now evaluating...
has a new kitten! Orange in colour and the name?...Hemi!! . . . Now my puppy 'Mopar' has someone to play with 
@JeannetteC Right on! 
www.sfxmerch.co.uk - Brilliant! Now to convince my Dad to do an order for me 
Finished all my coursework FINALLY!!! Now i can relax 
@matthew Lucas Now THAT is something to go in your record of achievement- or at least one to pin on the fridge! 
Amazing day today at the beach..then school,Comm week! Now to the land of dreams 
@christophr Chat button labelled &quot;Chat Now&quot;  They're very good and get engineers on the case if they can't resolve for you 
I got 100% on my Ethics Course!  Yay, I'm ethical!!    Now I just gotta pay $230 and I'll be legal for another two years... sigh
People.  I'm Going Off Soon.  Break Now Finally . Ciao
VMware unveils the it's CloudOS. @ http://blogs.zdnet.com/BTL/?p=16402Now the game will become more interesting 
VMware unveils the it's CloudOS. @ http://blogs.zdnet.com/BTL/?p=16402 Now the game will become more interesting 
Just finished the MAC photoshoot  . Now off to school
Buy 2 and get 1 free! On my website! Just email your choices to Marla@BisqueBeadSupply.com   Now till April 30th!
I had a great dinner! YUM! Now I am checking e-mails, facebook and twitter....whatcha doing? 
I just finished arranging the mix CD for Jordan. Now its time to work on Hershlay's. 
Met a guy  and gave him my number. Now I get to wait and see if he calls...I think he will 
@Sophie_Lhoste Now that sounds good! Could go for some chocolate icecream right now 
Just had netball... very tired. Now getting ready for Tamsin's birthday 
Last time I bought pizza all they had was generic. Doesn't taste so good. 2nite I finished the last one! Now I can buy something better 
Just finished venting to Toni about my evening!  Phew... Now I can get some sleep. 
Fantastic arvo with my American Uncle. Now wanting to visit Boston quite badly 
@Orielna Yes, I am. Now if you would be so kind as to tell me who you are. 
@brucehead gd 4 U. Same thing hre 'If U have a refund, thr is no penalty 4 filing late'. Now, if U could get them 2 pay interest ... 
@LindaKCopeland Now that is the kind of Theme party I should do at my house. 
says thanks for all the birthday wishes! Now, for some Mohegan Sun room service... 
Did some shopping. Now relaxing outside  | Watch it: http://bkite.com/074ft
@JudithSD Now i'm listening to his voice actually thanx for the link  The Party Pleaser single? sweet..
Comment: Now Rafa is next  I didn't watch 2nd and 3rd set but things turned out great. Greetings from.. http://tinyurl.com/cqjl9x
The sky is actually blue today in NYC!! Now that's beauty 
On 1st class heading to Orlando. Now this is nice. 
Pains over. Now time for lunch with Nilly! Yay &amp; new underwear @ VS 
just purchased tix to LA for mem day weekend! 19 days and counting   Now I'm really going to get to work!
@dad1679 Me. You. Roof. Now. 
@kyspeaks Addictive right?  Now you know why I love poker! Hee hee. Even more fun playing it in real life too!
Awesome. Now I don't have to cut a bitch. 
Finally done with all the MacGyver episodes. Now I can focus on my blog again. 
listening to &quot;Now That You're Near&quot; 
Just downloaded the iBerry theme. Now I got 2 iPhones 
@Wossy Oops, I thought that was an L!! Now I feel silly 
Just had lunch! Now I'm watching DHW and eating Chocolate 
@Brianfog Tnx  Now you don't have any excuses not to use signal processing in your game ;) Heh, let me try this game ))
@rodneyedwards Found note to self - &quot;Keep Mum&quot; Now, does that mean don't bung mum in a home, or, keep rod's tax records a secret? 
Back. Luv it.  Now trying to deal with some task from law to the univ. (Well... actually seeking for help.)
@solangeknowles Yes the bootleg Worksheets work! Thats how my mom did me! &amp; Now everyone LOVES my Handwriting! 
Just finished scrapbooking. Now watching The Holiday 
Took a break for a while to read my book. Now back to the coding grind. 
Picked out my outfit. Now I can sleep soundly. Yay 
finally bought #tweetie for my iTouch. Now, have more excuse to tweet even sans using laptop 
@Jakes_BlahDeBla Now you did it. I'll be conflicted all night now. Damn you, butter! 
@digitalkitty about your being dismissed tweet..Right on sister! 
Design galore! Yayyyyyyy  progress beyond my imagination. Now...to get my flattie to sort out the Internet to send orders out!
I hadn't realised how Long it had been since I was last 'tweeting'... Now I'm on here I don't know what to say  x
Done! Finally.. Yay.. Now I can relax for.. Well one day ;D haha.. 
@savagestar Aye. Now I want cheesecake 
@GeeEmm There will be NO vidoe evidence!  I can't wait, though. Now I just need 2 find a regular partner if I end up loving it!
Glad I trudged through the first 60 pages of Anathem.  Now on pg340...it's been a long time since I wanted to call in sick just to read 
@cosita Morning! If I get to see it, I'll let you know. Right now, I'm going to go see Wolverine. 
Supernatural was mega good  Now I'm off to bed, urgh long day of school tomorrow x
Scratch that. Now we're watching 'marley and me'. Thinking I could stay awake better for this one. 
@TEAMLUDAJUICE you are just wrong!!! Now you've come to brag with a full belly??? Smh ... 
Reached Bangalore!! Now gotta hunt for rooms 
@_peanut_ Thank you. Now we'll just have to see how long it takes me to finish the damn thing. 
@jimmyfallon Saw you on SNL with your diploma..Congrats. You must be overjoyed.   Now I am finally going to bed..NITE
@ home with my lovey.. Busy day td.. Baby shower.. Then a wedding.. Made 2 pies.. Now bed 
Just had a great study time followed by a delicious Japanese meal with Arty! Now, trying to get back into the study mood 
@IvanaF Right now it is 5:07am.  Ugghhh. 
@LimeIce Err, I get that  Now, with the TimThumb, what's with the url?
@telesilla Indeed. Thanks for sharing that! Now I can go to sleep giggling. Night! 
Off To Do Pilates Now! Tweet Y'all Soon! 
Last night, bad guys tried to enter in my garden . I was alone and I really got scared. Now, i feel really stupid. NOT FUNNY 
@Moonshayde Now THATS what I call a plan! High five 
@RadioAmy Now THAT is toooo cute!! 
The Irish gardeners forum back to 100%. Now open for posting again 
has a very romantic Papa who got personalized m&amp;m's for the Mama. Now, ain't that sweet? 
Pics of everything, neatly arranged, Taken! Now lets test the thing 
@fossiloflife Lollzz all my frnds have been Ferari supporter, Now you too!! Why me??? 
YEY Genie's up!! Now I can make ALL the noise in the world... and not feel bad.  hehehehehe
@Tittch Ooer, darling. A tenor? You told me a fiver last night! LOL ;-) OK Now I AM ashamed... 
@MarkGibsonMusic Welcome friend!! So happy to see you on here! Now let's hear you ROCK! 
@MacTeabird Whoa! Now there's an endorsement! I take you're a major trek fan then?  (Me too!) I wasn't sure they'd pull it off.
@jenqumedec I like the spelling too...my husband said it was weird    Welcome to twitter    Now you know how to say my last name, huh?
@nancy_martira If we are ever in parks together, I'll play catch with you.  Right now I have a glove but no ball - all were lost last year
@gypsyraven .....!  Your boys did put up a hell of a third period. You should still be proud. Now just cheer on the Hawks!!!
Ok I watched oprah on dvr today show that was pretty cool! Now it's time to rest. 
Finished the shell necklace for my friend, snuck over to hide it where it will soon be found. Now, off to sleep for me. Sweet dreams all 
Everytime we talk. . . he confuses me more and more. And his # is 54. 54! Now that hes said that i have a whole new perspective of him 
has just finished a modelling audition for Communic Asia. Now going for tuition, all dolled up. Haha. 
@betsydrager But women only &quot;tech&quot; things that have cute hello kitty stickers on them. Right?  
Yesterday great meeting at AUG. Now back to Prototyping 
Using RSS to streamline my life. Now i've got to setup a blog for Obscura Photography and get that going. 
@Mikolak28 Yeahhh , Now I got it ! 
My body said stop - so I slept in and rested. Now on to KP HQ to start working even harder 
@Herne Now I know why I even make my letters in HTML 
@JazzyLadee1908 Alright Bo!  Now I get why your family calls you that   I'm a shyt starter too, tehee!
@DavidArchie Jordin's song was amazing huh? First time I heard it was today on Idol. Now I understand why you love her new stuff so much! 
@cindybeck It sez you are one busy lady and you are getting LOTS accomplished so you can relax later.    Right?
See ya soon josh! Now time for rest i deserve a nap  thanks guys for the support
@shawnnellbrown Aww thank you  Right back at'cha... #follow
@CHRIS_Daughtry Now I want to play!  
Agnosticism: Now isn't an agnostic just an atheist without balls  http://eguiders.com/uploads/Agnosticism.jpg
@Viper007Bond Now we wait for bbpress.org 
Whatta londonific night!!! Last chance harvey. Hp4. Now bed. 
@Jgallagher354 Now you have one from me! Hello! 
You go, grandma! http://bit.ly/iQ9A0  Now I don't feel quite as much like a dinosaur around here. 
I had an amazing night but i got only 2 hours of sleep along with it. Amazing!! Now @ church, me &amp; my guitar  may u all have a blessed day
@RICHMO718 my bad I got on the phone and talked until I became tired.... Now... Sleep... 
@TheTZA Yay... welcome back!!!  It's OK, I understand. I hope that you had a nifty Bday time.  Now, problem is, I'm wired. hehe How R U?
Tandoori Chicken was great. Hmm. Now watching the Webcam of our holiday hotel.  I'm counting the days to my annual vacation.
Watching Monsters Inc. Now. Classic Pixar movies are a nice watch!  - http://tweet.sg
Having a good weekend.  18 holes of golf yesterday with @TeeSpirit (who played excellently btw).  Now enjoying a LOST marathon 
@JamesPenikis Now I'm eating a roll n lemon curd  I made it yesterday, but its gone really really thick XD Like lemon butter.. You?
Ran 3miles  took me 45mins though eww that's more than double my HS time! Now abs then 20min elliptical.
PC gamd, finished a book &amp; started another and slept. Being ill has its benefits. Now off to nuke it with miso soup, rice tea &amp; gossip 
Is at Ian's... Wow these little girls are so freaking bad. Ugh! D-Now was great this weekend, sad but happy it's over 
Just finished the AIDS walk.  Now time for some pizza 
Me against the world. I fight my way through. You can try and hold me down. Right now the joke's on you. Bwahahaha 
Yum curry. Now time to chillax 
Snapple fact: The temp. of the sun can reach 15 million degrees F. Now that's HOT! 
Setting up accounts..it's official Noble Ones Bully Breed Rescue is now on tweeter!!! Now other things will start falling into place. 
I like Solitaire in Win7, Now with Animations  outstanding /sorry
Damn scare...Now I could go for some andys 
finally put clothes on, and made my cookies. Now I'm sucked into the evil world of Hulu. Lazy day i tell ya. 
@droyd excellent! Now in addition to the free handshake you get a free hug from Hari.  Or @mikementzer.  Your choice 
My friend works 4 Delta @ JFK airport, flys 4 free &amp; missed her flight. Now she's on standby 4 another 1, pray she gets on! 
Now leaving Jerome. Now THAT was a fun home tour. I know where I want to live 
@EileenLeft I read this today http://tinyurl.com/r97qr8 and saw this the other night http://tinyurl.com/puvc4a Now I'll leave you alone 
@LagoonBand Glad I could make you laugh  Now if only I could sleep.....
@MrEricPiRaTe @5toSucceed Now, now boys. Play nicely. LOL 
Press release caught eye of a bunch of Marketing Companies. Now If I could just get a woman or two to fall in line! 
its a terrorist outfit in SL. Now its no more 
Another fun and hot night in the ER. Now with summer upon us I am just dumping buckets of water out of me. I feel bad for my pts. 
Twitter - It's So Hot Right Now!  http://bit.ly/3wj1b9 I'm guest speaking, come along!  #IM0509
@iphonedevKara Now that's a beautifully presented app! And not just because I'm a fan of Tolle's books. 
@rurouniyuudai85 Yay! Now stop Tweeting and Driving! 
Off to bed. Right on time too! 
@IPv6Freely Now I start learning in Cisco  . So i follow you . I think u don't like my retweeting .. 
My bestie is out of her Navy training!!! Now i can call her 100 times a day again 
I officially put in my notice at Ramada today.    Now, we just need a place to live.
@Lajeski_Moss Now THAT sounds like a good plan!! 
@Lyssajo Now cool is that! What a neat concept. Pix posted 2day of course  
Unpacking my new Cactus V4's  Now to find someone/thing to test them out with.
@Fireseedglass That is so real looking!  http://bit.ly/GyOqD Now I'm hungry. 
@thefirstpancake Glad I was able to help!!!    Now you might want to consider a nap today.  ;-)
its not a d&amp;b song, its a 135 bpm breakbeat tune called &quot;The Time Is Now&quot; . . . get ready 
Times Now news reader claimed that T R Baalu exclusively spoke to them and showed a clipping where their camera man ran behind TRB's car 
@Descentia Oh my! Now you got me blushing like a little girl! 
@Redheadmad Yes! Nighmare! Now I can't sleep  But I'll be fine. 
@WazL Right on 
its not a d&amp;b song, its a 132 bpm breakbeat tune called &quot;The Time Is Now&quot; . . . get ready 
Off 2 my Party Now   Excited
Just got back from the dentist! She took the last one of the four teeth I'm pulling out  Next step is brace-face 8D Now I'll just chill.
@fabsh your comments on distro building make it sound easy.  Now I'm thinking about Ubuntu desktop with no X and filled with cli/ncurses 
#.tel developers: you know there's a full .tel developer's guide, right? Right? http://dev.telnic.org/docs/devguide.pdf   
@OrkneySurvival yeah,sadly, Boo looking for cartoons, was frozen 4 a mo in disbelief at what a twat that guy is!! Now heading for garden 
@gobo2905 Hmm haven't tried that, sounds good though  Now i want one, oh dear :p
is happy: His free 3G Mobile Broadband modem just arrived. Now I can work anywhere 
@FionaFlame What a good tip about the Pembrokeshire Tea makers! Now following you too 
@michtrif Now that you say that I look like your mom, I notice -- I look MY mom! 
@HotDaaamn Now you can answer that Bebo blog question 
@VicGatsby Thanks. Now I'll have this song in my head all day.  :|  I did get up and do the dance though.  
@DarimK Grouping feature sounds great! Now, I am installing tweetdeck. 
Oof, I've had tooooo much coffee already! Now i'm awake and unmotivated to get going   Oh well, the oldest is up now, so it's time to go!
@noberts well done! You stuck at it and won! Whoop! Now go get drunk! 
@miniharryc1978 Oh, great. Now none of our apps will work on FireFox, either. 
@todd_keisling thanks Todd! Now maybe we can figure this project out 
@RODSMACK_10k Amen, brother.  Now get some sleep, dude. lol
Kids let me sleep in a little  YAY! Now gotta shower, get them ready &amp; pack lunches for the park w/ AE today 
Finished my last night shift EVER this am, YAAAAAAY! Now off to Kilkenny for a weekend of romance 
@h0stile17 Now, hostile 17, that just sounds downright... hostile.  Spike would be proud.
@TravisGarland nooo way buddy. Lakers and Cavs final . Now that will be amazing 
@elmoss1 That sounds awesome, love dancing! Now I can't wait to get home &amp; do my 3rd workout! Go us!  #EasActive
@replogle ? Fab 5, eh..  Now reading email. 
@jordanknight I bet Europe is abuzz right now!! U r so generous! Now, get 2 sweating so ur ready 2 give us Full Service! 5 wks baby!! 
Watching the Price is Right...   fixing to start a bon fire outside  
Just finished THE BEST meeting w/ a local real estate company about the future. YEA! Now off to lunch for a meeting about Tulsa TV show. 
@mackenziealex Shhhhhh!!! Now I want one!!! 
@TheEllenShow Now it's stuck in mine too!  Thanks!!! 
Ashton kutcher Challenge - Well I passed 400 (Now at 408) and climbing. I am getting there. I also have to beat @Medinagals to 1000 
I've read Princess Protectipon Program's junior novel and it was AWESOME. Now I can't wait to see the movie 
@GillesMarini hope you enjoy your time home with your family... Now is Daddy time love them all you can.. they grow way to fast 
To bed. Finished the portfolio. Hurray!.. Now to bed. 
@oscargodson Regex Parser = Finished. Now I just need the tweet id output correctly 
Zoey's been awarded, the rain waited till it was over. Now its a perfect time for a cuppa and some tim tams 
@KayleeBaby13 aww kay! I wouldnt say love, but persue lust cuz it may turn into love. Right? 
@Philanthropic You are so very welcome. I'm grateful for you in my life. (Now go to sleep!) 
Here are the new Clickies - http://twitpic.com/61hdh - I think the new ones are much better! Right? 
@stinaleighbee OMG, I was addicted to the original! Now I have to watch that  too.  More reason to twitter toghether 
Finally got the Maple Syrup  Now I can eat my breakfast / lunch / afternoon snack
I am exhausted... but listening to the Spin Doctors &quot;Two Princes&quot;  What movie was that in? Now it's gonna bug me...........
http://tinyurl.com/n7h23x http://tinyurl.com/m5eyqg New video of Scooter tonight. Now how cute is he? He's got his groove back! 
@ResourcefulMom I was thinking closer to $1500 but we'll go with your $1000.  point made.  Now I'm not saying all sponsors were perked. 
@tomee7 YAY! Welcome back. Now that your back, you can still make it into the office 
Guess who has unlimited texting now?! ME!!!  Now I can tell people this popular phrase 'text me'!
Lovely night out with @curtisnorman @nickwmay and more. Woody's can be fun!  Now: bed.
@sixmode If you can still Twitter, they aren't doing a good job. Just kidding. Happy birthday! Now go drink (legally)! 
@gulpanag Woah! Now that's something special  And don;t you try to photograph yourself driving home on the Enfield! ;-)
Watching  http://bit.ly/16Mm0H about #google #wave. Looks good. Now can I have nice android phone please? 
