Most common words for this cluster:
[('now', 553), ('i', 80), ('time', 28), ('day', 24), ('amp', 24), ('home', 24), ('work', 22), ('lol', 22), ('im', 20), ('today', 18), ('na', 17), ('yay', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Now', 0.9999560713768005), (u'And', 0.7262953519821167), (u'So', 0.7049720883369446), (u'Finally', 0.6606313586235046), (u'But', 0.6493428945541382), (u'Maybe', 0.6367427706718445), (u'Of_course', 0.6309821605682373), (u'If', 0.6303660869598389), (u'Anyway', 0.6150698065757751), (u'Then', 0.6089802384376526)]





Curses, my yoghurt exploded in my bag on the way to work. Now everything smells like toffee 
@axon those got cancelled  Now everybody else is rattling my brains &amp; makin me cuss something terrible!!
Retail therapy is over *sigh*. Now time for the housework. 
Still enjoying the almost nice day out.  Now it's down to +13, and calling for rain...  
@_JenLeah_ I never stretched either, thought nothing would happen. Now I'm in a cast and can't go running.  http://twitpic.com/3j41e
@lexiHaynes I shoulda went with you guys... Now i gotta lay out alone  Haha what'd you get
you cant plaaaay on broken strings.. ! Unfortunaley !  Now I gotta bike all the way to the guitar store (40 minutes! :O) to buy a new one
17 Again was pretty darn good. Now its time for work 
@MrW0nderful Now there's even more reason for me to come over!! Now I want coffee, but I can t 
@Sunfeet22 we can't find our copy! Now I'm dying to see it 
@AngelVain Now you're just teasing us...thats just so unfair  LOL!
Why did I bite my fingernail so short? Now it hurts!  
Just woke up .... Now I can't go back to sleep 
I woke up to a really bad cough. Now I can't stop coughing. 
Shows over  Now I have to do all of my holiday work today. And tidy my room.
O no. Now we have the cranberries reinterpreted as death metal 
@ComcastBill Now my connection drops literally a dozen times a day 
Home from church.  The pianist didn't show today.  No praise set.   Now getting ready for the party we're throwing!
My girlfriend just put my D20, D12, D10, D8, and D6 in her bra. Now they are super lucky. But unsellable on ebay 
So the mashup hasn't gone down too well in the office. Now having to use earphones 
Today my sister tried to burn a wart off my finger with dry ice. She missed the wart, got my finger. Now it hurts 
the weekend was a blast. i had a great time on saturday!! Now back to the usual routine...yay 
m thinking hard...if &quot;he's just not into me&quot;....and if i really follow the book...who else left to be 'into me'? Now...u tell me!!! 
At last, drains cleared. Now to flush the raw sewage out of my back garden 
I'm never using nose strips ever again. It peeled off some of my skin! Now it looks like my nose is burnt 
tired but I made it to work. Now to get nothing accomplished 
Phone finally bout to shut off. Now I really feel like curling up and crying. 
I accidentally deleted my flash! Now I can't play 
I suck at DarkCut2. Now i'll never become a surgeon(sp?) 
Just puked my guts out... I don't know why, I haven't been drinking. Now I feel like crap. 
first saturday in a while that I have been awake for. Now I don't know what to do with myself. I am bored 
@stromguitar I recognized it today too. And I liked the old much more. Now is the sense betweenpic and text  destroyed. 
I love waking up late ! Now i get to look forward to cleaning my room 
I'm exhausted and feel horrendous. Now to be productive. 
Finished cleaning my room. Yay! Now on to the laundry... 
Bitchtits bowl just smashed in my hand. Now she's in a casserole dish for the night 
Just woke up... Now i'm going to study 
Is impressed that the first half of the final she wrote is actually good.  Now to finish it and turn it in!  And then work on my paper. 
Only way to start the morning, a big starbucks and muffin. Now I don't wanna do homework  help fairygodmother!
Just washed my car... Now it looks like it I'd going to rain  fuuuck..,.
Promised my guy I'd wait up for his call, but I fell asleep!! Now I won't be able to talk to him until his flight lands. 
My weekend is almost over.  Now I get to do a week of the late shift at work 
man, it really only takes one person to change the tone of a raid. Now it's not any fun. 
just put my wash in... Now I have to wait up for it. I'm already tired. 
I fixed my internet. Now fix my heart. 
I accidently swallowed &quot;it&quot; Now i feel very sick. 
wonderful weekend up the coast with hubby.  Now back to work in the morning 
@ladystacy - Awww. Now I feel bad.  - *hands over piles of sympathy* - even? &lt;3
My new i7 desktop computer won't boot  I took it back to the store yesterday and it booted. Now it won't boot again. Not even a beep!
Just got done with my lit final! Now studying for micro apps final at 1030 
@CaffeinatedLiby I just saw your post. Now I wont win 
Dance recital finally over. Now to study again 
What a night. I partied it the hell up tonight. I'm finally starting to sober up. Now I think we are stranded in a parking deck. 
I realised at the same time I heard my carrier pigeons back break that this was not going to work. Now I have to walk to the shop 
Hoooome. Now I have to do homework 
@ecto__1 gross! Now we won't get to talk on aim  let it dry out tho, it might still work!
@tccrt3r i miss acting class, i used to go but Now i just don't have time 
Just sent quote off - looks very good.  Now waiting for network ppl to phone me back 
WTF? Now i have nothing to do 
Why did I just do that. Now I am cold 
@marleyuk don't say that! Now I want one! 
@hipphop I was inspired &amp; encouraged. Now where's that turtle-rabbit-penguin? And you killed a penguin by melting it! 
I just woke up to giant black cat in my face. Now my eyes are all red. 
WTF Now my lappy couldnt detect the battery.!!  WTF are dell batteries.
@callmehaley I'm sorry. Now I feel bad for being tan. 
Poking my head out of my cave (editing), i called a friend to reassure i was still alive. Now its late and accomplished little 
bloody manipal bug got my leg!Now it looks like I have alien spawn about to sprout any moment from a point right above my right knee 
The Germans confiscated my bicycle. Now I have to walk to the coffeeshop 
Its 5am....my future was calling, I had to answer. Now I'm goin back to bed - tired frm workin out, still in pain. 
In the office on time, again... YAY!!! Now, let's see how much NOT work I have to do!  .... 
I overslept my alarms! Now pushing to work without breakfast and i'm already hungry. 
@cshold crap, that's actually more painful than just being told the ending.  Now I have to wait to see it.
all had a nice time last night, but my new dress doesn't fit   Now, back to revision...meh
been stayed up all nite. Now so so so sleepy.. 
Huge moth in my apt. I'd catch it and put it outside but it's keeping my cat amused. Now I know what the giant spiders are eating. 
Finished revising side 1 of French. Now for side 2....    
Just woke up, Now its time to chill before i have to go to work. at 10 
@hayley_rose1989 I got exam tomorow that I cant be bothered to revise for  I just wana read my book. Now whos not updating their blog eh?
It doesn't often happen that I leave home without my mac, but today I managed to do just that. Now home again so that I can work 
Man the rajdhani xpress was to arive @ 12 :30..Now it's 3:00 and im still waitin   #goa
@nozbe integrated time tracking would be an awesome feature for Nozbe. Now syncing project with google docs spreadsheet. 
uhhhm i missed my flight. Now i dont get home till 6... freaking out 
Weekend over  Now it's time to get back to home repairs. How freakin Xciting!
@LovHER I switched wallets and didn't take everything out. Now I can't find my old wallet! smh...pitiful 
I was trying to sleep when I was almost killed by a spider! I put the spider in a little cup and took it outside. Now im paranoid. 
I've also improved my D, my dribbling.  Now I just need to turn my lies about my O being awesome into reality.  It might take a while. 
Fetched the cat back from the vet. She had to have one tooth extracted   Now hiding under our bed, &amp; glares at me every time I look under.
@Swiggs Aww, I'm sorry. Now you're making me feel bad. 
@Carlyyy_ I was hungry. Now i'm not hungry but I still want more food haha. I only have tea though 
ok so heyy I wish i never had fought with some of my friends  but they deserved it well what they did to me Now pretty much EVER1 hates me
I lost the pair of glasses that I sleep in  Now I gotta watch tv blurry.
I am a sick sick fuck. I ate a whole can of beans that I melted 4 slices of provolone on top. Now I am am wondering why I feel sick. 
I crashed like a zombie after we ate chinese. Now i don't know if i can fall back asleep. I hate when this happens 
ok, got 1 thing off my list. Now I think I will head to bed. I am the only one in the house that has to get up in the morning! 
Just watched vid of loloma, jas, gizem remake of romeo n juliet-crack up! Now sitting on bus goin home, lost my earring today 
The toaster oven was my fault. Now I'm going to look like an idiot in front of my father. 
Some idiot just crashed into me on his bike.  Now my bike has a small dent in it and I have to buy a new set of pedals 
@shutupandspinx3: yay! Lol. Now I know how you felt when I was gone. 
I have when my plans are messed up. Now i'm stuck at home 
It`s such a romantic novel!! I cried in the end  Now I`m going to bed. I`m so tired.
Sulking at home while it rained was poor strategy.  Now i'm watching the sun shine from a desk in the Robarts reference room. 
@JohnHLynn Now it let me upload a pic, but I don't have one of myself in the PC 
@mitchelmusso I'm never calling you again. Your phone is a scammer. It said I'm next and it hung up on me.  Now I can't get you.
Wow what a storm we just had!!! Now no power 
I had an awesome day. Lunch at the fort, slacklining with the gibbons tour, and dinner with my sister.  Now just the drive home left 
ah damn, woke up late  Now to clean and have a shower and wash my clothes and start mixing!
Urgg.... I have been trying to change my pic, but it kept on failing. Now, it is gone... 
Ever since I've been back from my bike ride, my hand has been tingly. Now my foot is doing the same. 
Soccer practice over! Tirreedddd as hellllll! Now its church time :/ wanna sleep 
@a20s Aww. Now my night is really boring. 
@starvingsumo It disappeared right before you tweeted that. Now I don't have ice cream 
@Boriken   Now that u say that I miss guavate!!! 
sex and the city marathon just finished  Now what do i do?
@itsgravybaby WHATISWRONGWITHUS? I was ready to sleep at 10.30. Now I can't mellow out three hours later. No work tomorrow.  text war?
@ghostlightning:  @BlueFoxAlley: Now that is something new.
I didnt finish putting my laundry away and it's all over the bed. Now I have to sleep on the floor.    http://www.pacdudegames.com/fail/
Finally done @ walmart. That place will eat your time. Now on to packin 
Just made an uuuq.com subdomain at Zymic. Now the whole uuuq.com domain seems to be offline 
Just missed my flight! They say It's full. Now i get into denver at 2  fuck frontier
Seriously 6:30am is way too early to be woken up when you don't have anything to do til 1pm.    Now I'm tired and grouchy.
I finished my book.  Now what to read?
Just a ride of 1 hour and 13 minutes. I feel good. Now I am reading about the biker-55, who was killed by a driver-19, yesterday. 
@taylorswift13 Of course! I am super excited now that you told us that! But great... Now we have to wait.... 
So im super hungry got sum chik/broc w/r &amp; it was Nastyyyy Now wtf ima eat 
Soccers over  but still never lost a game! I got into a big fight at the game though! Now i'm getting ready for my party
All beautified... Now i have to clean 
@ceethedon i used to be deathly allergic most my life. Now im scotch free. But eating to much of it made me sick today 
Wiggles just peed on my bed! Now I have to wash my sheets! 
Maybe balancing a glass of rum &amp; coke on my stomach wasn't so sensible. Now both me &amp; my bed are covered in coke  all sticky! 
@JonathanRKnight why did you block your updates? Now i have to log on to see if you tweeted 
Even greater! Now im starving sad and being pushed around ! 
There was a spider on my shoe when i took it out of my car... Now i'm afraid to get in my car 
@al999 yeah we paid $350 on thursday. Now they are up over $500 for same days. 
Going to bed, Wish I could of gone to sleep earlier, Now I'm not going to get any sleep. 
Today was sooo fun, unyill something that normally would be good happened. Now I feel sik. 
Oh yeah! I finished the details for my story! Now all I have to do is write it!!!!!!!!!!!! There is so much more that I wanted to put in. 
Finally got my settings sorted for my phone. Now i can use picture messages and go on the web, having to use new phone, lg cookie broken 
@animalmup yeaah I saw! She's really adorable! Now I feel like having a puppy too! Too bad I can't! 
@ttintin aww sorry bout that! Now I feel bad. 
Still on plane even tho we've parked. Now waiting for the stairs to attach &amp; then bus to terminal   #BAsucks  http://twitpic.com/6bymf
@ShibbyJinkies well I'd meant today (sunday) but that was when we'd planned on going to poughkeepsie.  Now everything's changed 
I'm feeling so powerless... Now I have to do some homework stuff. A nasty photoshop exercise 
Just got dad to wash my car. Now iiii need to hoover it 
@ChesterPDexter I saw a few of the orig episodes &amp; it was cute. Now it is a train wreck w/ ads. Those poor kids  I feel terribly for them
The ticket inspector took away my used outbound ticket. Doesn't that make it all invalid? Now I feel bereft of part of my travel memories 
Just had banana pancakes with eggs. Delicious!!! Now off to laundry. 
@favier it was a hard night xD but we are still alive! Haha. Now, up to the next party! But without @NicLovesHabs 
Just finished our 2nd fantasy draft. We significantly upgraded our pitching. Now I have a few minutes before turning around for work. 
@sara_morgan  I know an ex frinds sadly blocked me  previously I could see nothing of her account. Now I can see  her tweets
It suddenly became stiflingly hot in my apartment  Now I'm sleepy...to nap or not to nap, that is the question...
@troublebrother Now that sounds like a whole world of pain .... am dreading secondary school already 
@lazzlo2 lol, ugh! Now I have soup &amp; I don't like the look of mine either! It's minestrone, but it looks far too thick 
I can't believe my mum made me go home and change my shoes. Now I'm running late 
We won, 1-0...tough game it was though. Now I have to deal with the sweet aftermath pain 
@jaykpurdy Awww!!! Now I really wanna go!! I was so close to being able to go but I don't have a ride!!! 
@ericaetc it is   Now get to sleep!!!!!
thought diversity looked gorgeous on gmtv! Now off to maths exam 
I really regret taking that nap earlier! Now I can't sleep!  I'm going to be exhausted tomorrow!!!
How can the weekend possibly be over...it's just not fair!  Now i'm at work hidden away from the sun 
My office computer won't boot up - oh what a way to start your week? Now waiting for the IT personnel to show up 
Up at 06:45 to get an early surf in. It was flat as. ________________________  Now to work.
Oh my god. I freakin cant breathe. Both nostrils are blocked. Now i gotta breathe from my mouth. And yet i'm still coughing and hurting 
Ugh I need to be asleep. Now. 
 I just wanna feel better. Now I'm freezing!
forgot to eat! Now I don't have time 
My coffee creamer has 5g of carbs per tbsp. *grumble grumble*   Now I have to figure out a 0 carb. lunch 
100 followers! Yay!  Now to delete all of the fake accounts...  
@xXdAmEXx It wasn't that bad... Now I have to go home and face my turtles... 
*sigh* I've just been called a celebully. Now I feel bad 
@shoptilldrop not on your head are they? Thats wherevi usually shove mine. Now they don't fit! 
@YoBoiPat I struggled. I had 2 migraines the past 48 hours. Most unusual.  Now my brain hurts. Like a ur muscle does after a cramp. 
@bust_magazine I sympathize...   I was a fndmntlst Xtian 4 yrs.. Now nothing....so sad for my lack of supprt to wymn and wymn advocates 
Workout done. Now it's time to get ready for T's music class, then get gas, then go grocery aaaaaah 
Watching E3 live right now on G4 cause the internet version was a little choppy. Now i cant interact 
@Princesz22  Now you being mean 2me to! 
The bus I'm on missed a couple of stops, 5 min later he made a U-turn. Now I'm late! 
update on my brain being fried . Now wondering if the n96 has been fried also as no call from farrier 
One exam down. I'm glad that ones over. Now only 4 left to do booooo!!!!  revision starts again in 1 1/2 hours
shouldn't have looked at food website before bed. Now hungry 
just witnessed the BIGGEST spider crawling up me like i was its home and screamed. Now people around me at the train station are laughing 
I would hit myself in the face with my binder. Now it's bleeding  i'm doopid.
@ddlovato My friend did that. Now I owe her 5$. 
I'm now pleased one pile of invoices has gone from my desk. Now onto another pile . . . . . it's so sunny outside!  xx
Reddit is down!  Now how am I supposed to not-work?
Boot camp kicked my butt. Now I feel sick. 
My new home mixer just turned up. Now stuck at work until 5 
I picked the wrong damn day to throw my contacts out. Now I have to distribute literature 2 the house and senate and u can't c shit 
@Templesmith Now that just makes me want to cry. 
@vanzarelli I used to run. Used to. Now I'm a fatty once again 
&quot;a thousand splendid suns&quot; is so sad. Now I want the sims3 and a wii 
iPhone restore suc6ful! YES! Now it's completely empty 
My insulated coffee cup began to drip on the commute to work.  Now I am coffee man 
Man.. I just watched tbs on jk. Now I'm really sad I'm not going to get to see them tomorrow. 
@craftedgems  That sounds absolutely delicious!! Now I really want cake 
@xDennis oh no. Now all u boys are gonna tweet about every 3 minutes is the game; the game; &amp; the game 
Sheeeshhh. I just wrote a long blog post but it won't let me post. Now all of it were gone..  I don't wanna write anything anymore.
Just went to see my mom mom at the hospital  Now off to work, I hope its an easy night
Gaaa interview over. Now to wait. 
I tripped going up the stairs and banged my hand against the wall. Now i can't move my hand  fuck my life.
Luggage checked in. Now a 2 hr and 30 mins wait for our flight. 
Has just walked home in the rain and a car of chavs drove in a puddle on purpose.Now i'm soaked 
Just had lunch!!!! Now I'm Tired 
It's bn a good day... wellll? Not really The high point would have had to bn leaving early then the rain came... Now i'm feeling sad 
I can find my cell and I Just found out that jennifers riding With me To willy tm! Now I can't go shoping 
@DPixel I was a bad waitress sometimes as a teen, I would just say the reg was decaf if it was late. Now I feel really bad about that. 
...and I had to get rid of the folder w/the raw vids to make room for back-ups on Netbk. Now I have to dig for the vids w/all the others! 
@jovlind i heard that movie was good......  Now I'm really not going to watch it....
Just dropped him off at the airport earlier.....Now I don't know what I'm going to do for a whole week 
So fun. Now im going to my dads 
Gorgedmyself on dinner because I was so hungry!  Now my tummy hurts. 
My car is back from the body shop, and it looks gorgeous! Now I'm paranoid about driving it...it might get hit again. 
@KhloeKardashian omg khlo, I finally got through and the line was ringing then my cell dropped my call! Now it's busy again  noooooooooooo
@JenAlaniz  heck yes girl!!!!  I had 6 of them.  Now they are gone 
When I was growing up, the word 'fart' was considered a shade vulgar, like 'piss'.  Now, it's to be the standard slang for flatulence. 
Toodles! (Thanks for the #ff @sris22 @thelastressort - miss you too! - @lostgirl66 @pensm) And a hallo to @frak! Now I'm off to work... 
Finely completed windows 7 install this morning it feels pretty good so far. Now comes the hard part of installing everything again. 
(Nearly) all packed up. Now to clean!! 
100 updates, yeah! But, oh no! Now its 101 
I'm up! Now off to work 
@craigelder damit...I meant to say fishy, not fish.  Now I've lost the moment 
Or maybe i used up all my productivity too early.. Now i'm having a hard time doing much of anything 
Dance was good.  Now to the zoo.  No seeing giraffe's today - it's cold and raining. 
Spinach @ subway should be a requirement not a variable. Now carrying a less healthy $5 footlong  #fb
I'm so irked I waited too late to buy the @TheLauraIzibor tix. Now they're sold out 
Wedding done! Now off to beach if weather permits! 
OH my god! Now i'm being negative 
@Laurana21 Now you bit me too.  *cries*
@TheeUnderclass Daaaaaaaayum! Now that sucks! LOL! I meant 
Finally ate. I feel much better.  Now I'm bored to death again. I really wish I was out doing something fun. 
@kimtrokey It was great. Now I just have to wait 6 weeks. 
Wow. Now he isnt even talkig to me. Gayyyyyyy!!!!! 
#brisweather make up your mind please, I put on jeans cause it was wet and cold. Now it's sunny and hot and I don't want to change 
After almost a year, my virus protection free subscription expired.  Now I must be cautious.
@MissKelleyT just some pic of the internet? I somehow feel lied to and betrayed. Now I have to question everything you post. 
@manderrx27 Awww! Now I feel bad I took so long! I went to get dinner and forgot my phone!  Could u ever forgive me?
@keeda I say Pappppppaaaaaa, Now I know why Mummmmmaaaaaa is so pissed off; You dint sleep with her even on a weekend 
@Skarlett_ Now that's just MEAN! I REALLY wanna know what it is now haha 
Penguins lost.  Now they have to win the next one!
Just getting stuck into some bfs on my ipod then customers come in. Now i have to listen to daniel bedingfield. 
@samantharosario awww! Now yer makin me miss ya even more!!!  its never as much fun without u momma dee! We're tag team partners! ;) hehe
i want LVATT Now 
I had a dream that i was implanted with an atomic detonator that would explode if i got nauseous. Now im sick to my stomach. 
@lcngham I sent you one yesterday that you never responded to. Now that's sad 
My little girl fell down and busted her lip. Now it's swollen. I feel so bad.  
People moving or changing locations is really bloody annoying when you have to update your resume. Now I've got TWO referees to find... 
@team_tank_girl can't believe u ran off before I gave u my answer! Now u'll never know.. tho I see from previous posts ur taken already 
Quiznos sandwiches are pretty tasty!  Now laundry time 
Viikii crashed. Now how am I supposed to watching my dramas? 
My sandwich was wonderfull!  Now I don't want to go to work   !
@omgitsjo Hmmp... Now I know. 
OK reality just sat in!!  Now I have to cook dinner &amp; I HAD NOT planned on doing that!  &amp; I'm looking for a tire place that's open 2day.
My video tutorial for youtube went wrong. Now i have to do it all over again 
@SweetPeass I was in the &quot;zomg are my friends are pregnant / had babies&quot; phase until a couple of weeks ago. Now I hardly talk to them 
Ah...fun day out! Now going back to boring old Queens. 
yay I made an appointment for a haircut on tuesday! Now... to find pics and cover up my bald spot and alfala chunk of hair 
's dru level is back to about 90%. Now she just needs to get the purity level back up. 
Its horrible :/ Now is almost 2am and I cant sleep 
Finally, I have finished packing.  Now it's time for me to sit back and have nice long cry.  
Just got home from going out of town for the weekend..for some much needed R &amp; R!!! Now getting prepared for surgery tomorrow morning 
What a busy and stressfull day at work!!! I'm so glad its over!!! Now I can go home and relax.. Aww! I miss @MarcoRodrigo 
I forgot how amazing the notebook is... Now i just need some one to watch it with 
This is my vacation, im supposed to be partying. Now throwing up  I need a hug.
@ShennaNanette @TheOriginalTeam I remember that i was young..Now i am old 
@JeremiahFilms http://bit.ly/oAlZN  -  Now I am in a foul mood    #tcot
Aww man. Now I'm bored... 
Transformers press releases and site promos took up my afternoon  Now my pending tickets doubled up :'(
Just noticed - tweetdeck doesn't show &quot;in reply to&quot; anymore. What's that all about? Now I can't see what people are replying to 
vacations ended  Now i'm busy with school!
Just left the StoneOak area. Now going to a meeting. 
I can't advertise students on my website   Now I need the next great idea.
@katielouisepack It was nice here until 15 minutes ago.  Now it's all rain and thunderstorms. 
@D_revelation becuz she was double parked by a hydrant!!! Smdh... Now this is gonna cost me cuz she aint got no bread!! 
Still talking to eric... Now taylors involved b/c we decided to get an opinion from someone we trust. :'( not looking good for me...  
2 beautiful naps with Conut?! Now i'm in the lab missing him 
Why did this munchkin throw my cell phone in the water now it doesn't work! Now I'm forced to get a new phone 
I've never been so broke. I've always had money, paid bills early and not been late. Now I can't even afford my rent. What a mess! 
The stress of my math final has been lifted. . . Now the only thing to stress over is whether i passed the class 
Anyone know if I can ruin a lawnmower engine by putting in 2-cycle fuel? It is supposed to use regular, not 2-cycle. Now won't start. 
Prbly just spoiled perf. rep. @work by giving half-assed dwgs to proj. mgr. who tied me up as I was about to leave. Now late for plans 
@Breezaa Now I just have to pay for it. 
I no longer have a beard! I am beardless! Now my face is cold 
@FloofyTWW ahhhhh no fair!! I loooooove Pirates ride  Now I'm a sad panda! I wanna go!! I wanna go!! Disnetland isn't going anywhere...
@Iriswolf ... Now you've got me thinking about when frankie dies... 
@CrazyMaryJoYPP Now I want chips. Fooey. I don't live three blocks from a corner store, and we're all out. 
@KELLIisBACK4Now i speak french! but no french accent 
@rosslane Haha get that off there! Now its a permanent record, im gonna have to start a new twitter account 
I want to see my baby Now!...not in a few days. 
I aTe tOo MuCh Now I haVe a tuMmY aChe 
I went to sleep at 9, but my dog just woke me up cause she's too fat to jump on my bed on her own. Now i can't go back to sleep 
When I first signed on a few months back, everyone tweeted.  Now their tweeters seem to be broken. 
@terri5me2000 give me their #.... I'll call &amp; demand they give it to ya, LOL! Now a days ur lucky if ya get a thank you 
@Coyy Now they're both sick.  it's not bad but they can't sleep well &amp; they're not themselves. They're too young for medicine.
Just had my lunch.. Now very sleepy but still have to fix this stupid pc.. 
Starting the day with a hot bath, me like  Now all that's missing is a massage 
#iremember when I believed I could be anything I wanted when I grew up. Now I'm grown up. 
Someone hacked my facebook . Now im bummed 
Jeuj, project-day coming up! Now if only illustrator would get along nicely with photoshop and photoshop would listen to me for once... 
@mykl4 happy to know that you got out of there... sucks that it was so late!   Now take your pills!
been waiting 4 broadband to upload loads of photos to myspace. Now my page is undergoing stuff! 
Oh dear... The whole computer system at uni seems tn have crashed. Now I am stuck with sitting around again instead of getting work done 
@tommygunn01 exactly - much better than my answer. Now I'm off to cry  LOL
@JamieOber Now you know, that's not what I want to hear, high 61 
@shrdlu thanks for that. Now I'm in a funk because I can't go 
Trying to upload a  new pic... but it doesn't seem to be working  Now I can't see a pic at all???!!??
Xboxlive is down today. :O Now what the hell am I surposed to do today after work. 
#flylady which fell over in my car on the last turn before my road!! Now taking a spoon &amp; going outside to repot the plant &amp; get the dirt 
You were there x I was stupid Now your gone , I might actually need you  haha  x
Why did I put dettol while washing my sheets?!? Now they smell really bad even after rinsing them with downey 
I was to sleepy to wake up and eat my breakfast! Now im starving  lunch soon hope it's good enough to eat!!!!
Just finished watching final destination one. Now watching the second. I wanna go out 
@cindyizjazzie @ladyrsinal I just couldn't sleep. Now I'm sleepy but I gotta get ready for work 
I hate pop quizes! They should be illegal. Now I really hate this stats class... 
Ugh the eye dr dilated my eyes. Now every thing is too bright 
Just got done raising my bike up...  It sucked!!!  Now I have to get ready for work.  
I can't believe i put sun tan lotion on every part of my body except my face. Now i look like a lobster 
@JamilleHarley oh no! Now you're going to be an ugly wrinkled up old man.  I had such high hopes for a regal smooth skinned 50something J.
@sefrancis They did until they left. Now I haven't heard from any of them since 
Panels and CTools installed. Now I... need to go wash dishes 
So I tried taking a nap n it didn't work... Now I'm soooo tired I can't even think straight. 
@LADYwSENSE  WHY!?!  Now I won't be able to sleep... (I am a huge dog lover)
I found my wallet. It was in my closet? Now I have lost my precious camera! I keep losing things. 
@Jessicasimpson I write u all the time and u never answer. Now I know how u feel when u get pulled down. 
#iusedtolove Jellies!! Now I feel like im too old to wear 'em 
My cousin just left,Now im bored 
@DAEONE believe me the series of events that have taken place with in the past week have been nutty.. Now I'm worn out.. 
Just had a wonderful day with my favorite men @ahendy and @EastonAllyn. Now hw time 
I cant sleep  just want this week to be over! Now!
epsom salts works wonders - and stings like a mofo!  but elbow looks and feels better.  Now for the hands....   YOWCH
@WAHMBizbuilder Yes.. but nicer when he admits it *before* I finish the project &amp; move on. Now I have to go back to *boring* project. 
has finally finished all of her painting work, I'm so tired though  Now for the critique.
I knew I should have used my full name for twitter before it got popular. Now there is some dude sitting on it with zero updates! 
@sussiejafari did u say that cos it rhymes? artinem has died, it is no more  Now my only chance at fame is twitter.
@ScottishFox  I'm a n0ob &amp; have only had that once in my life. Now I'm the failure.
Oh joy, fire alarm at school in the rain! :S Now have wet trousers 
@mpphillips JCCwilliams @megsanders a couple of hundred and the gym. oh, and an idea about opening. Now to essay 
@1capplegate aw! Now i'm sad too  i loved that show!
my kitty cat killed her first mouse today... a baby mouse... by playing with it til it died.  Now she misses her friend. 
@nikkiruta yeah, I saw that. I wanted it before I went to work. Now I have to wait until 4 
It was delivered and not to me,So mailman lost my package,Now what  
I can't believe my undergraduate career is officially over! Now to pack up my apt... 
oh my god. Now, I have physical education. yes, I don't want go, but I need. I'm very tyred for go! 
Its been a while.  Why did I lose over 20,000 songs on my external hard drive?!?!  Now I have to start over at square one 
Bit irritated that I had to restore my iphone. Now all my settings and logins are gone 
@j2klive Now im scared it might happen 2 me 
Is dreading the graphics and textiles exams tomorrow, one after the other from half 1 until half 5! Now that sucks!  lol x
@BrokenIntntionZ Now your not! 
The beach was surprisingly nice. Now work 
@tommyreyes I just wanted to be able to send pics  lol. I noticed lol is not longer in caps. Haha. Now I think it looks funny
Why did I buy that for her?  Now she won't have time to talk to me for . . . weeks!    What was I thinking?!?
Finished clearing out my closet! Now i just have to pack everything 
Why do people like to call me when its 2am. Now i can't sleep, and i have to get up early 
@bssarang Thanks dad! Now off to school 
I had two great days off... Now back to work 
I'm out of soda. How sad. Now I actually have to leave my house and go to a store. 
@WebHostingTalk Now if only the search function worked 
@brandelion I hadn't thought about how sad it was until you pointed it out...Now I don't even want new counter tops  Haha
The septic tank is backed up at our building.  Now our office smells like poo gas 
@luckiesharms dude, why wasn't I apart of this?  Now I'm dishing out $1 from my gift card for this thing haha
All I did was give sugars (kisses) to @CindyMallette.  Now she's thinks we're an item or something. 
@TeamCyrus do YOU have the mobilephone number of miley?I have lost her number  Now i am very sadly.
I just found a mushroom in my sandwich! Now my day is totally ruined! 
I just ate my lunch. Now my stomach hurts.  I can never please it can I? 
HAHA! It was great! Now I'm home &amp; sick 
My massage w/ @armorymassage was wonderful! Now shopping @ the mall for wedding clothes. By myself.  oh, look, @DunkinDonuts...
@caninez it's so tiny. Now I want a coffee house 
Finished working out... Now gotta clean my casa!! 
I'm never going to leave the office. Now I have to catch the 7:35 train to get home at 9pm 
I dropped my phone in the sink now its fucked. Now I've to buy another one - and I'm broke.  I do pick my moments. 
I took internet off my phone. Now I can't check twitter on the go.  I suck.
@lowenstein eek! Now you know why I live on the east side 
Awww my only frnd just left the class!! Now im lonered!!  Lol..   omg 2days!! 
Dwelling in the past... 2 years ago I would have been one of the first people he would tell news to. Now, I hear it from others... 
@billy_burke Yuumm sounds delicious! ..Now I want one 
Why isn't facebook working ? UGGG . Now i can't reply to anyonee  .
I'm so tired. It's 4.50am and my kitty woke me up by bringing a mouse in. Now it's dying in my room and I don't know what to do. 
Is sad that her fridge went out...  Now I can't eat at home... 
wow, I fell asleep! Now I'm going to be up all night 
got 2 drink Bajigur yesterday. Now longing 4 Sekoteng... 
Kids wrote on my stomach... Now they own my private area. 
 all the messages i saved in my voicemail box are gone! Now i have nothing to listen to..
@mcloister I ordered one! They will be shipping 26th or later. Now we wait... 
Still Yawnnn.. Now with some rumbling noise from tummy... 5 more hrs to go 
Wow storms woke me up! Now I can't get back 2 sleep!!  
Yay! Twitterberry! Now bed time. I'm never gonna wake up in the morning 
I saw the &quot;girl of my dreams&quot; n my dream tonight. She was perfect! Everything i ever wantd. &amp; she was so familiar. Now i cant rememba ha 
@arysongs ok goodnight ....but.......Now I am hungry 
busy all day. I put some creme blush over my foundation and it totally ruined my look  Now I have spotted orange spots on one cheek
History final finished! Now that's is over and done with, i feel better. But i still have english and geometry finals monday 
There is noting quite like eating brownies for breakfast!  Now I feel like I want to go run 5 miles. 
I went to Cenutry 21 under stress. Not good. Now I wish I drove into work today.  I can't log these bags on the train ride home.
@PauvrePlume damn, should have talked to you about it earlier. Now the deadline is too soon  (tomorrow) Next time though!
Finished 'relentless'. Now I have nothing to do 
Grreeeaaaat.  Now I am going to have to give plasma tommrow. Oops 
Crying  literally why did you run under my car... Now im a marked man mister bunny   
I am out the limit 2K. Now just play cash game i am sick of the tournaments 
Still some pain but its better. Now nauseous a bit though, prolly the infection. its so warm to the touch of my tongue or finger. 
 my phone died.... Now i have to use my dads other one....
I just cut my son's locs off (2.5yrs worth) Now its my turn (7yrs worth) pray for a brotha!!!  
I wish I hadn't kep messing with my eye. Now it's slightly swollen and sore   I don't blame you if you thought &quot;eeewww!&quot; LOL!
I forgot to wake up early.  Now, I missed my sister's graduation.
All packed. Now im just anxious. I gotta get up in 4.5 hours 
@ITStudios http://www.socialmediadouchebag.net/ Aw, dammit! Now I have to scrap that skit for my show.   it was gonna be a good bit too.
@ooomz same here!  had my hopes pinned on it. Now i hv to shell out money.
That was an awesome wedding. For those who saw me in a tux... just forget you saw that. Now time to kick it with homebrew. running low 
@Footdr69 nah but I had a few drinks at home. Next thing I know I'm asleep. Now I'm awake.  grrr!
Movies over ;) Now back to writing..uhh..trying it write  lol
I haxor'd the A&amp;E system to get out early. Now I feel like I didn't get proper service 
More annoyingly was that it broke half way through watching 'hes just not that into you'. Now I don't know the ending 
Ahhhhhhhhh! Now all i can think about is 'twas not thy carrot twas the bird'  save me from this bird and carrot and her face... LOL
my kitchen makeover is coming along so sweeeet!! Now if only the rain would leave 
@codesurgeon I have to admit, I do. But for today I finished mine. Now it's on to work. YAY.....not. 
I unfortunately left an !identica group I've just created. Now, I joined it again, but I'm not admin on it anymore  A solution ? Thanks !
Wtf. Now its sunny as hell.  it was raining a min ago
@tonyrobbins Did you get the new phone?  I updated my old one.  Now I want new one.  Want's vs. Need's  
haven't slept much. Now I have to record footage for my movie trailer, and finish a good chunk of my assignments for this week.  
@cocoisthebadd oh lol...cuz none of my twitter peeps were showing me any love!!   At least u care though...lol. Now I feel appreciated!
I have 4 hours of ink on my leg. Now it looks like a diaper. Not tough at all. 
Waiting in the airport for my flight home. Also, my right headphone us blown out. Mannn! Now I have to replace it. 
@kiitenai he.. he is. Now I can't hate him for ruining the laugh. 
Just kneed my tooth. Now they both hurt  I'm so clumsy.
I miss @sarahhabiba - that bia took the night off. Now I'm working with some bubbly ditzy chick 
@davfre2003 wecome.  Now help me figure it out.. #squarespace, but still no iPhone   #lt
@LovemesomeDDub Now you are leaving me...  
Woot truck fixed!!! Now workin  http://myloc.me/4NiF
bah, still sick and cranky. Now I can't even smell and taste the merlot  what a waste...
@pgrossi Wow! I am so sorry. That was not even an option in my mind. Now I am sad for you 
I just realised im never satisfied..Now that i have work to...honestly..i dont wanna do it! 
My screenprint mesh had a hole it in &amp; I only just noticed when I'd put the ink on. Now I can't return it &amp; swap it for a new one 
all cleaned.  Now I feel guilty about eating anything. 
@NickiePhilbin Now getting panicked that setting agent may have been a crucial ingredient 
So much for a relaxing bath! This bath is not meant for the broad shouldered! Now my backs even worse 
It's all a conspiracy I tell ya'! LOL Now my internet is down! 
I can't stop sneezing! Now I know summer is here 
Ugh, the broken boiler of the vacant house next to us just started &amp; is dumping noxious fumes into my window. Now closed but it's hot 
's laptop hinges finally died.  Now I have the back of a picture frame holding the screen up.   indeed.
@domdawes Tech on. Now, if I could only feel my legs. 
@timcorder Thanks for calling me at some point today to tell me you were alive! Now I can't talk to you till you get home tonite 
UGH my stupid sister came and woke me up... Now I can't go back to sleep... Its too early.. 
Dammit, why did I have to look at my phone. Now I have to work tonight. 
I just burnt most of my hand. Now its all red and sore 
I was making pancakes and the oil splashed.  Now there's a burnt spot on my arm that's tiny but painful.
and I learned a few minutes ago that my boss got promoted. Now we're three levels away from each other. When will I get a promotion ever? 
is saying goodbye to Somaieh, who just resigned  Now i'm stuck with boys
Ahhh! Now my legs are tingeling! 
I miss when my true close friends were close. Now we are all separated and they are all doing their own thing 
@alabamawhirly in to my inbox to clear it all out. Now I have to open up my work laptop 
A/C fixed.  Now I have no excuse to clean the upstairs tomorrow. 
So, moron that I am, I tripped on the staircase coming in. Now my knee is ridic swollen 
@DeathStarKiller Now I feel nauseous too 
Some biatch stepped on my flip-flop and didn't even apologize. Now my shoe just flops, no more flip. 
@znoby We effing heart you, for real. Now I'd effing heart you more if you told me whats going on wid that new album. I'm losing patience 
Someone washed my jacket. Now it fits all wrong. 
@MimiHotLips  my lunch was rubbish... just a crappy sandwich  Now eating my fresh box of fruit.. pic to follow!
@chiniehdiaz Sometimes, it is! Now I feel bad about it. 
Heesh. I have a late library book I forgot to renew. Now got fine 
 trains been cancelled due to fire on route! WTF? Now having to take the bus! Luckily I left early!
Sleeping in bed at home &gt; sleeping on planes   Now I R VERRRRRY seepy!
it worked! Now i have this feeling that i might have to sleep outside... 
@efng   &quot;Now, if we only had a wheelbarrow...&quot;  
just woke up to find out that WeenKee, his guinea-pig just delivered two tiny guinea-pigs to world! Now I have to get the names for them 
@sokeri thanks for the help, i have realized that   Now I need you to make it work.
My mum's parents are wonderfully sarcastic. Now I know where I get my sense of humour from 
@bydesign Yay! Now there will be someone to protect the oldest sister. 
Wedding went great. Now... I want my fairytale. 
@JustinSxE Now i know im gonna have good dreams  cuz someone other than me hopes that i will. lol. 
@RichardWee Now why would we want to give up on all that boxes and boxes of documents, and all that blood spilled from paper cuts? 
@MariahCarey I really enjoy having you on twitter. Now you can stay much closer with your lambs and it makes me love you even more! 
@Dutchrudder Now, my back is so bad it's hard to sit long periods. I don't know how well I'd ride now, tho I think about it. 
Just finished tanning, it is soooo hot outside! Now im about to source it up and eat some lunch 
Vacation is over now, in one hour school starts for me. I'm glad that I've to go so late  Now there are 4 weeks and I've finished that all
@Jotebro Now, that would be a good idea! 
Finally found a software that can convert my library of pdf files into .mobi format on my mac  Now to see if it works...
Yay! Finally finished my taalportfolio! Now waiting for my printer to finish the 90+ pages and then off to school 
@Wavness I am your mum. Now go to bed, you've been on the computer all day. 
@MochaMom365 - Woooot woooooo!  Now the fun really begins.  
@DataVizInc Now I wonder why you would say that 
@AnnaCookieFreak AH! Now it's break.  I'll watch it now.
@DEdmondW Gooooooood!  Now just find someone who doesn't forget them on the big day, haha!
@michpendergrass thanks  hmm..that was easy. Now, what else can I say no to...i'm on a roll haha
Just finished cleaning my fan... Now i can use it 
@LindsayStone LOL just got a French pedicure the other day but had to wear sneakers allday so. Now I get to enjoy em 
Aww! Now i know how to make a carbon cello 
@KellyKapoor  Now that's smart! 
@kellyoxenfree &quot;Now it's easy breezy. I'm happy and really in love.&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/cpu6c2
@jbreeze702 great! Now follow meeee!!! 
I am down another 0.8lbs today, so I'm 0.6lbs past my goal of 192!!  Yayyyyy! Now onward to 187, which will make 50lbs since 1/9/09!
YaY, i finallyyy changed my picture. Now it's much better 
Home from a movie and then a trip to the diner with @JPGofMe. Now it's time for bed. 
390 photos uploaded at last!!! Now to delete the duds. 
He got the hang of his rolling over. Now I will never be able to keep him still 
@findle I love you  Now go get swine 'flu.
@txtneni awesome! Now reward yourselves some sleep! 
@TheHappyRock Now 36!  
I'm home early and sooo thankful. Now, I have absolutely nothing to do from now until 10. The possibilities are endless... 
Camping was a blast  Now I have a week of school to look forward to and then prom
@musicfreakwho sounds good!  Now we need details.
Uggggh finished the wiki... 6hrs straight of editing... Now watching some tv 
@ebruchez Feels good?  Now the hardest part will be to keep it empty every day. Or at least several times a week.
@BrentO what about aPORKalype Now for the made for TV movie? 
someone said after wolverine they feel like watching x-men all over again. They're right! Now back to business, proposal, yippie! 
Just snuck out my window.. Now im laying on my roof looking at the stars. Its a nice night out tonight. 
Just got off the phone with lainey the love of my life  . . . Now im taken a crap
@kymdotcom in anticipation of him making me a cup of tea, I'm agreeing. Now it must happen!  No, he is awesome.
Just woke from the longest sleep in months-so nice! Now to get some work done so i'm prepped for next wk &amp; free for K coming home tonight 
Just got home from the cemetery. We visited my granmama there.  Now it's raining so hard. :| gnite! I'm sooo tired sitting all day on  ...
The tree outside my bedroom window has grown since I lived here last. Now it's tall enough I can see the squirrels playing right outside 
@JustinBarrie Now that's a cute photo!  
Finally got all the books updated &amp; bills taken care, both company &amp; personal. Now chilling with a glass of wine. 
http://bit.ly/mlEiv Now cong wants the president to use the yardstick of stability  can anyone please tell what it is?#indiavotes09
@mrskutcher Now that you almost have a million followers- maybe you could put up a background image? You can steal mine if you like 
@johncmayer Yay!  Now maybe you can get some sleep.  
Just got my toesies done  Now off to lunch with coach and the seniors&lt;3
Early close  Now if only the last customers would hurry up...
@notbianca I miss you tooooo! CHIGE.  Now na! )
The play was good   Now I don't really have anything to be excited for.
The wedding was so beautiful!  Now we're all going downtown to do some bar hopping!  It's been an awesome day!! 
@AudreyBradshaw I like this. Now we can be even more intense creepers. 
I've been having the most funniest conversation with this guy I used to work with. Now: I sleep 
@josianna Not at all  LOL Now that's what I call a sticky social engagement...
The time is Now http://bit.ly/eJHrp  and good morning twitterville 
@ellapaigebabe I gave u my adress. Now u only have to send me an email  I'm really looking forward to ur birthday so send it to me babe!
Haha! Now i want to run out and get pierced  and yeah those are my crazy drawings. . . We are odd sisters. . . Lol
@Tish_B LOL...Now that's what I'm talkin about! 
I feel so productive, I spent all day sorting out my pictures. They're all in a neat order and every album named.  Now to keep it that way
@Suareasy  im in the middle of a @clandan and @suaresy sandwich and don't know why.  Now go give @clandan a hug!  On the double!  
Angels n Demons was nice.... Now for uh...sleep 
@cc_monkey YAY! Now to get to the &quot;when&quot; 
@alan_cheng Now why didn't I think of that, the freezer is almost empty, the fridge doesn't have a lot, we have some rice 
My t-shirts from 3dsupply have arrived. Now I can be geeky and fashionable at the same time 
Oh, first crisis of the day averted!  Now on the the next!!
Speaking of which, thanks for all the new follows from the awesome #ha2009 crew -- great to meet all of you! Now it's back to work... 
@cheapradiosongs Awww....thats so sweet  Now I just need to get dressed
@EtsyToday hey! Now that really was an interesting pick though the terracotta pot is my alltime pick. As of now 
has returned after his maths exam, thats only the start, got 11 more before its over. Now off to revise Engwish 
Thanks @hashifahnabilah and @ArmaniNate for launching me beyond 900!  Now just as long nobody removes me, I can keep it that way. lol
@NerdGenius Wow, you should have never told me that. Now, I am going to be asking you to go and look for women's clothing and shoes 
What a difference a good night's sleep makes. Now I can actually enjoy my 10 days off work 
@kristenfischer That's great to hear!  Now the fun part begins ... going through them all.   
morning lurking complete.  Now, let's divorce some muthafuckas!  ha.  
@DrShock see this http://bit.ly/2VbND  Now what do you think of your chocolates &amp; coronary circulation post 
I am sooooooo exhausted from last night... but I had a blast!  Now to make it through the day of work... GOOOOO!
@redboxphoto Now following  You both do great work! You're a good team.
@SmittnbyBritain Now.. if only we could get the taxes down to a lower level 
All packed for camp and snaky has been feed  Now just watching trashy day time TV 
I have $60 saved up... Now what to do with em'? 
Just listened to @jennals amazinggg interview!! Yay! Now eating all her brownies *yum* and writing with @richscaglione 
Yes, I created a (local only) #drupal module called FunkyChicken. Now to find a valid use for it  http://tinyurl.com/lcpcc2
@TechBabe good.  Now if they can put up with all the crap I tweet, we should get along just fine. 
@Jennyle1194 Now im in my bed  lol but today was a reall busy day and u?
Just cleaned out my twitter...lol Why does that make me giggle?  I feel 31 people lighter. Now if only that were pounds....
@VegasBill Now that, I'd like to see. 
@tiny_mrose Haha! Now if I hear that song, I won't be so annoyed cause I'll just sing along with your version. Yay 
@always_v Thanks for looking out for me, V! Now I know you've got my back. 
