Most common words for this cluster:
[('off', 364), ('day', 47), ('today', 45), ('work', 26), ('tomorrow', 25), ('night', 21), ('morning', 20), ('quot', 19), ('amp', 16), ('school', 15), ('time', 15), ('home', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Off', 0.9836750626564026), (u'Onto', 0.6130151748657227), (u'Knocked_Off', 0.5838093757629395), (u'Offs', 0.5819816589355469), (u'Out', 0.5674172639846802), (u'LAst_Night_Action', 0.5621732473373413), (u'Buzz_Bits', 0.5567870736122131), (u'Stunning_Comeback', 0.550584077835083), (u'Dangerously_Close', 0.5464572310447693), (u'Warmed_Up', 0.5463476777076721)]





A long flight is made even longer by a seat that won't recline. Off the red eye and grumpy 
@DanRaine - sorry hear that! Off to the dreaded dentist 
I got to sleep for three hours! Off to work 
Flights to The Whitsundays are sorted.  Starting to get DOMS from today's sesh  Off to bed so I can get up early and go for a run B4 work
@BenjaminMG Link to 'SM Paying Off?' returned 'article not found' 
6.30am wake up (5.30am uk time) ouch! Off to catch the eurostar back to london 
@BritkneeBee WHAT? Off?? I miss you!! 
Twitterberry not responding  BUT mobile net fine! Off to a meeting in the city for AMF. Not ready to get back to my life so soon! miss l.a
bought a new car but a brake pad has gone so can't drive it!!!   gutted! Off to Halfords for a temp fix until tuesday
God i hate morningss.  Off to the track!
Just read something on facebook that almost made me cryyyyyyyyyyy  Off out to get some food in the sun with the gay brother!!
Been sat outside for about an hour or so with a j2o and a potato, goodtimes plus my legs are slightly browner! Off to so more work though 
Relocating b/c the landlord is showing the house  Off to read in a coffee shop or something... ? http://blip.fm/~4l137
Off to work soon!  Off all next week though!! YAY! New blog goes live this week!
This weekend = teh suxorz   The quality of time was average, but the quantity was way smaller than I needed.  Off to work in the morning!
Another lovely day.  Birds singing and sun (just about) shining.  Off to work now 
I'm hungee   Off to work I go soon.
So nautious I can't see strait. Apperently the baby did not appreciate the wings  Off to get Preggie Pops in the morning.
I'm an idiot. Off to Heatheow 
Actually managed to write something of worth!  Off to bed now. I hope the muses stick around or else I might cry. 
The recording last night was sounding sweet, can't wait to get on with it again. Off to work now 
A little hungover this morning after going out with @nickyjm and @ashtblu. It was a great night though. Off to work soon. 
Ruddy weather. I was hoping it would be raining today. Off to mow lawns.... 
is sick with bronchitis type issues  Promised son and father would Rollerblade. . Off we go.
No more LAX  for awhile    Lawn needs attention now  Off to plant
Good morning! Off to work  but only 6 hours so it's okay.
homework not handed in on time, didn't get detention woohoo, still not done either! Off to beer festival in a mo, i don't like beer 
Survived a week without my cell phone and twitter! Off boat  waiting for plane.
Kids seem to have the flu  (not *the* flu I pray) and I am not feeling too good myself. A week of nights-of-little-sleep sux! Off to bed!
@J7isthe818 im gettin married to &quot;Turn My Swagg Off&quot; 
Got Off workk  This Is jUzt Bleak!!!  Home alone 
Right, seen bunny and he's still in a mood  he's not my biggest fan. Off to have a shower then off for lunch and drinkies!
have done marking. Off to get ready for BBQ. Looks like a wet one 
What a busy weekend....Off to a late start this morning   nice!
No dice. Off to the kitchen 
Happy mothers day to all you mothers. To the rest jug or call your mom!          Off to FL tomorrow 
No more music. Off to work i go.  already starting trouble trying to learn where things go. Crappy training
Just had a lovely little nap! Off to go get some food and a few drinkies. Football seems to be dominating the streets though 
@tim_knox nah mate, ran out of time. Off to the gym then Netball 
I feel so sick. Off to school. 
Nothing broken. Badly sprained muscle. Off bikes for up to 3 weeks 
Just tried 5 guys for the first time. Off to ikea. Basketball tonight, first day of work tomorrow 
Tomorrow's schedule: Off to see another education that wants to establish a comic school  Meeting sandwiched between 8 hrs' transport 
So tired   4 hours of sleep doesn't cut it for me. Off to get mani &amp; pedi with mama, aunt, and cousin. Then maybe nap.
The weekend is over  Off 2 get some food &amp; then haircuts 4 every one.
135,Why does it feel like things are getting worse? I need a cuddle  Off to do my exam.
PIssed Off coz of sunburn 
@comedy_dave nothing wrong with that Dave ! Off there myself for a week of forestry in the rain 
Trying to get tickets for the Play Off Final, but no luck so far 
Up early. Off to Portland ME for work.  Long plane ride  and just when my garden is so pretty!
Still all burned from Chili Cook Off on saturday.... 
Morning Twitterland.. Ya girl has actually been working since 7sumthin this morn and dammit I'm proud of myself.. lol Off to work in 30. 
My poor cat is poorly. Off to the Vets with her this evening. 
Morning!! Off to school  let's get the week finished already!!
Morning! Off to school for my French exam  Why are by followers dissappearing?
@mylivetweets the mac widget said 19 degrees! I came to work snuggled up. so annoying. Jersey and Coat Suit...Off 
Morning everyone! Off to the dentist and not looking forward to it. Every time I go it is worse news at the state of my rubbish teeth 
Woke up to computer and car problems this morning. Off to lick my wounds  
@JGFMK yep. Off to get a decent, lightweight sport brace tomorrow. Will take ~3 weeks to fix itself 
Goodmorning twits I'm overly tired Off to dance class Ughh I'm late 
I officially finished my homework notebook! Onto my lab notebook 
14 pages left to read, then it will be time to start all over again, and again.  Off to Lunch Duty...love 6th graders  
@BananasMel Tried and no good but thanks anyway.   Off to youtube world.
Seems really quiet tonight...am jealous of those who are clearly having a more exciting life than me   Off to bed I think...
Done with Disney  Off to airport in 20mins. Back to reality. It's been fun.
I work entirely too much.  30 hrs a week?!?! AND I'm a studnet with Senioritis...Off to work  
Im home! Played swingball in amys garden for ages and got beat by her mum  Off to shower before the folks arrive for dads party
@saintsisjane I know  have a drink for me. Off to stock the fridge with beer. Think I'll go and see the foundation &amp; acadamy tomorrow
What a night. Its to be warmer tmoz! Well done to Diversity who won bgt! Off to bed now, got football tmoz in the heat  night!
just getting home from work I have a few aches n pains   Catching up on some emails then movie and bed. Off tomorrow then another long ...
I should do something wit my hair  Off to a &quot;stylist&quot; haha lol!
Is he coming today.. arh dun think so..so dun ask me already... Off to work soon n see ppl who is so fake... I hate them 
Another gorgeous day  Eating brekfast with Droo &amp; TiddlesCasper, who is trying to fight with a piece of velcro! Off to work in 20mins 
After finally sorting out the gearlinkage on the track car... I need to modify the engine bearer! Argh! Off it all comes... again 
No gym today. I'm sick.  Trying to stay healthy by eating veggies and fruits. Off to sauna now.
In Portsmouth now. Off to bid a final farewell to my Grandad... 
Morning everyone.. Off to conference. Totally killed my eye today in basic mascara wand in the eye. Literally. Slipped. Ouch 
Oh I am craving a Trophy Cupcake!!  http://trophycupcakes.com/  Off to work. 
I'm so fuckin tired I'm about to take the mean nap then cook some chicken ! Off to Dallas tomorrow 
Just a few precious moments left of my weekend ... baah  Off to work at 3:30 
At work.. Off in an hour. Then I get to see terminator 4 tonight for free! Traded shifts with a coworker so now I have to wake up at 830. 
No work today. Still feel like crap  Off to bed to sleep it off. If only the bloody birds outside would shut up!
(@khushee) No work today. Still feel like crap  Off to bed to sleep it off. If only the bloody birds outside would shut up!
Nice house @huntertred. Off too my second practice 
School worked all day today  Phew! Off to bed.
No paddle boats  but I got a call about an interview tomorrow at a really awesome restaurant YAY. Off to Hub 51 for sushi w/ the boy...
Just busted out. Maniac chip leader had jj vs 10s.  He raised most pots. Off to dinner with B pablo and sunny. 
91 days to go...feeling like a mack truck ran over me...with a keg for a belly!!  Off to Montreal by train as I can't fly 
Fab start. Children in... late...whoops. Long dog walk - great! Washing on line. Off to see mate, who's down in the dumps. 
Is late getting started today - no exercise  Off to business meetings and to finish up a bathroom project
&quot;The Coefficient of Determination&quot; Off istatistik seni sevmiyorum. 
Home, dinner was great.  Off to bed, have to be up at 5:30am which is only 6 1/2 hours away 
It's way too got today. Off to the library, i've definitely got &quot;the fear&quot; re: wednesday's exam 
#flylady 5pm Holiday w/e fast coming to an end  Heatwave here in Denmark, so grilling sausages etc for dinner. Off to start barbie!
Total of 10 reports done and it's only 1.. Off to my other job 
It was a former employer of mine and they knew that I knew what to do but they decided differently. Sigh. Off to the job line again. 
@babydollfknowns eek!  I totally forgot and I'm so sleepy  There's no way. I think I wil do it tomorrow. Off schedue but still good 
The apt in Florence was already booked!    Off to search for another apt/room/flat.
Oh buggar.  Looks like I've done my knee in. Off to hospital some time soon so they can have a poke around. 
Its 3am and i am still awake!! :S Off to bed now peeps.. am knackered! 
May the results of your persistent efforts light your path &amp; guide u towards richness in life. Off to dream, tweedeck not working 
Played parent helper at school all day. I wish I had a parent helper  Off to work I go. Can't wait to teach tonight's class. Gets me out!
Morning, Off to do an English exam paper 1  luck be on my side today please!!!!
Last sunny morning of this current spell  ? Off to Mc Social Networks 2nite for a bit of face2face tweeting.
I wish I could sleep all day. Off to the hen house I go... 
Left my umbrella on the bus this morning   Off to a good start today.
needs to quit modding his phone every two days, its taking up to much time! Oh but the new mods are so cool  Off to teh gym in a few!
Still stuffed. Off home now. Nice hot train. 
Good morning twitter. Off to school. They're trying for sports day, yet agin, today 
I Feel like death, Off to collage 
good morning twitter world! Off to work.. stuck in an office cube all day 
Grr I haven't twittered in so long  - I'm laying in bed &amp; can't get out &amp; I HAVE to - can't wait for tomorrow! Off from work :-P
worked from home this morning, windows open. birds singing, breeze blowing, sun shining. So nice!  Off to work now in building. 
Left my sister in the airport. Off to Germany she goes. Sadness 
Its a beautiful new day in fort worth. Off to the mall to get some basic essentials. Moversll be here in 7-15 days 
You know what I should stop twittering NOW cuz in a few hours this Live chat is gonna start... so Off to work!! 
Channelside got cancelled  Off to Obriens and Baluka's I guess.....
Up and at em. Off to waste an hour at the garage as they try, and probably fail, to fix my mobile phone car kit. 
Awake  Off to work I go.
listening to &quot;Off the Atlas&quot;, who has apparently decided not to record anything anymore, only way to hear new stuff is to go to a gig 
After a few days of trying, the Hackintosh experience is not quite good enough to rely on for my business. Off the to the apple store. 
my back hurts.  and I can't fucking download any Set It Off songs because my computer is an ass. Fuck you, laptop.
just left the pool  sooo sad but I've gotta make that $ Off to cater a wedding in belle meade! Catch yall on the flip side!
Mini-crises handled, but killed my run.  Off down the peninsula to weddingness.
Home from hanging out with lizzy. Off to work soon. I miss travis and i feel bad for missing his grad party  i &lt;3 you trav
spaghetti and meatballs and two heavenly 'poons with Klara.  Off to the airport 
Morning. Off for breakfast then probably more selfassembly furniture  or maybe shopping and there is always grass to cut if I can be a..d
OhNo!  Here comes the rain again  Off to get soaked on the sidelines at Cardinals today 
http://twitpic.com/6tpmu Have been sunbathing with emu. Where's rod hull? Off to pack 
SUnday session over for a week. Off to study now 
Found my supper for this week and a protein bar recipe. Off to the grocery store. This is NOT going to be cheap this week. 
EFF09: We proposed a &quot;Night Off&quot; also in 2007: http://tinyurl.com/nbrppd It's a pity that we can't show all the movies that we most liked 
My some hurt himself yesterday. Off to the vet tomorrow! 
ugh sO far day has started Off bad  hOpe it gets better
Done revising for the day - exams on thursday! Off out for an indian tonight for a mates birthday! Gonna miss the apprentice 
Wishing I hadn't had that third gin and tonic last night. What a light weight. Off to work. 
@joeymcintyre Also I'm wondering wot a girl has to do for a shout out - feeling invisible    Off to cry!!
Pretty tight service. Off to mow our lawn 
Tired after spending a restless night with Tiernan.  Off to the doctors with him today, I suspect he has an ear infection. 
Another weekend over  Off to bed. Nite!
Argh, I have a headache, I'm coughing, sneezing, blowing my nose, &amp; feel like rubbish. Off to Drs tomorrow to check it's not swineflu 
second night sleeping without my kitty cat. IT SUCKS! Where are you?  Off to sleep. xo
Apologies from Britain to the rest of the world for the evil racist we allowed to be elected  #eu09 Off to bed.
And speaking of scheduling errors.. Who the heck scheduled my softball game during both the lakers and dodgers.. Off to my game.. Sigh 
My first healthy meal in a while, egg whites! Off to work 
Just waiting for Hayley to fall asleep so that we can pack for out next leg tomorrow. Off to Kota Kinabolu tomorrow @ 4am 
@Llubyloo Yeah am ok, had allergic reaction to plaster, skin all inflammed. Off to Drs later 
Andrea Surynt Off today... excited but sad  it's going to be weird having to choose a day off every week for .. http://tinyurl.com/nft6y8
I work 2mrw!!  but i get fri. Off
@mrkjh thought not! Off to bed now, work is such a pain 
Well, I can't do anything about my tooth now, there is an infection. Off to the pharmacy for antibiotics. 
My throat really hurts. Either it's from screaming for @taylorswift13 or I'm getting sick.  Off to watch Royal Pains.
Wow!! Didn't realize it's 10:30! Off to bed, have to work tomorrow  Night ladies!!! #clothdiapers
http://twitpic.com/7j0q3 - My baby. Off to seans to say goodbye. 
Good day one and all! Off on another wonderous day of work - deep joy! 
Just bit my tongue Ow  Off to wonderland where never never finds you! NIGHT! lol
Wish me luck, rawr.  Off to school now, x.
Mmmhmm want some get some lol jk. Off to bed lame night!! 
Mmm super eaRLy. Off to wOrk. Duuuude I don't remember when my last day off waaas  workn me to the bone! Lol
Nylon string broken again  Off to take it back &amp; hoping i don't have to 'make a scene', if ya know what i mean. Don't really 'do' scenes
At Home, Off School , I feel I'll ,I'm so bored though , I can't belive I mised NTS today .. 
Wish I had more time to tweet  Off to pick up twins then shopping - special request for pasta &amp; meatballs for tea from Thomas
Morning! Off to work  later teaching a hip hop class for my dance company 
Just watched Saw5, @juliebenz was awesome - looked good with dark hair too! Off to get some work done now  xxx
Morning! Off to a 5 hr CPR class... This is gonna be a loooooooong day 
More packing today. Off home tomorrow after work. 
@KarenS91: 850 words waiting for you. You're right, it's beyond writing e-mail  Off to bed, exhausted and thirsty 
home from work. Off tomorrow 
Trying to make sense in my head of daily life without Em . Off to a new job and a life of her own.   We miss you sweet love.
So tired today. And all these clouds don't help. Off to work night 2 of 3. 
One of my poor dogs just got back from pre-surgery stuff...she's all drugged up  Off to watch Kyle's bball game.
Back in a sec.  Off for a dump.  
Gutted about the iPhone update ! O well all the same excitement tomorrow I guess ! Off to school now 
#os 3 Fed up of waiting for it to arrive in Europe.... Off to work 
Ugh, I feel like crap today.  Off to the doctors at 8:30 
So glad my body doesn't allow mw to sleep in. Wven on my. Off   going to spend tim with @ciara_danella today. Much love
@babychildworld Only listened twice, but I'm pretty hooked! I'm very good ta. Off  2 work in a mo tho  What music do you play?
Later world. Off to the land of no internet aka, my house 
Exploring contradictory normative states  . Off
Good morning... Off to work to make some big deals. Haha riiight. So tired today!! 
@EsmeCullenRPG @AliceCullenRPG Off to hunt, ladies! See you later. (OOC: doc appt and work time  I'll be on around 4 my time!)
Made way too much tea not used to cooking for 1  Off to Britney now though see you later ))))
it all started with a regents 5MH!!  im pissed Off
Wahoo. Nearly there. Updating podcasts then outta here. Yeehaaa! Off to work we come. Yay!!!!!!!!!! 
Last day of Cardiology  Off to friggin Geriatrics next week...
Okay ... I'll shut up now and leave everyone in peace for a few hours (except for mobile tweets, maybe). Off to work now 
ughhh. 10 and a half hours til' im home again.  Off to work, ta-raaaa x
Gosh... it is so quiet in Tweetville today!! Off to play chauffer again 
En route to work  Off at 5.
Today was supposed to be my day off   Oh well!  Off to work in approx. 10 minutes.
Night night! Off to bed as I'll be up at 6.45 
No puedo ver me sale Off air #gtv 
Not feeling well.    Off to bed.
Late night  Off to bed
Haha made mum let me listen to Fast Times in the car, had to get out when my fave song came on  Off to watch Twilight.
My health isn't getting any better. Off to the doctors tomorrow again 
Yay finally set up dis yolk ! im recked  Off to bed now =]
Pissed Off...jus cut the mess outta my thumb 
Why good morning all!! Today is here horay! Off to Alton Towers - i dont want to go on one of the rides im scared just thinking about it 
@kanundra Thanks, but 'they' know nothing about heads and it's not for lack of research.  Off to take more pointless meds 
must have a shower and get dressed. Hopefully nice things will be delivered today  Off to see Grandpa in law in hospital later  not good
It's raining piles of cats and dogs outside! Off to therapy....crutches, ROBOcop boot, my clothes and I are about to get soaked. 
My chiropractor literally broke my back today  Off to docs later for horse tranquillisers.
tgif everyone have a great weekend! Off to the Salon 4 more days of work till my day off 
Morning, 7am feel good though. Off to work out then my last day of work. 
Good morning twitterbugs! Ughhh I'm soooo sleepy! Off to work 
Finished college completely now, justcompleted my leavers form today and handed in, kind of sad  Off to uni now! (hopefully) Results day..
Leaving the gym. All swoll and aching lol. Off to another 10 hour work day 
My feet are still hurting  Off to bed now!
Tired.. Off to bed. Upset with some people.. Cant Sleep 
Another gorgeous day, but another day that needs to be spent beating Silverlight 2 app into submission  Off for a haircut first though.
Just got up and had a shower - its now 10:45.Off to get breaky and then off to caravan for a couple days.Back to work monday though 
AWAKE, although I should be sleep. Off to work in a couple of hours 
I live in a bubble that I like. Off to pwrsinal trainer..... But I need more sleep. 
It's raining again  where's the summer suuunnn?? Off to dimsum wh the crowd
or not. playing partner canceled.  Off for a run instead.
most shopping done, over spent   Bad Jen. Off to G'fld to pick up my son then home to clean.
Uuugghghhhh!! I am NOT looking forward to working. I'm just praying that there's a good manager tonight. Well..Off I go peeps. 
i wish i was in dallas! so not fair  well ive just wathced 'along came polly' (L) amazing. Off to bed now anyway, nighttt xo
@ourman eww, black pudding.  Did I ever send you this? -&gt;  http://tinyurl.com/nnud4t  (Off to bed, sleep well!)
Working  !    Off friday...goin bowling that mrning
Under the weather...with a sore throat.    Off to bed. (dreaming of a better economy...)
@Claire_Cordon I got a lovely mug and a bit of a lie-in.  Off to work in 10 mins though! 
Nothing in the Fathers day department today.. but that is to be expected  Off the Rugga Bugs in a couple of mins then it's pub o clock
Cant talk, swallow, drink or eat  Off to the hospital!
I'm soooo tired, hubby is sick and has kept me awake for two nights ..... I need some sleeeeeep   Off to bed now
Actually not hungover today, yay! Off to work in the beautiful weather  No fair.
Just woke up  not good! Off for a shower then do some coursework 
I hate that a text woke me up at 5:30. Off to work for the day. 
iPhone broke  Off to work with my old phone... we'll see how that goes.
was in church, family behind baby was sick 3 times  I wud of left after 1st time. Off for a pint.
Morning all! Off to do homework with Giovana 
Ugh.. Rain  Off to Keishas later.. maby?
...however which is slightly dodgy but never mind. Off to wesh my hair then do my food tech and attempt my English. Seriously cbb 
Alright, fine. Off to work. 
I hate being ill  Off to read eclipse and feel sorry for meself...
Despite all best efforts to hamstring my day, progress made. Off out for a wee meal with some folks from work... no sitter so no missus 
Ok, I surrender.shoulder is hurting. Off to A&amp;E I go 
just updated her accessorie collection with 3 new Coach bags and a wallet! Off work in a few! Strained calf muscle 
@acowboyswife kewl, but was hoping I'd be selected.    Off to crying corner  LOL  ;o
Feel one billion times better today, nothing like i was yesterday. Off to work now though  least i dont feel uber ill!
There was no milo.. i had to have plain milk  aw wwell. Off watching raise your voiceee.. laddazz &lt;3
@mgrossfl Been sweating like mad &amp; it hasn't help.  Hopefully getting AC fixed today so house can dehumidify. Off to buy medicine &amp; vit C.
Sun better show up today!!! Off to the gym last day of weight training! 
We had a little hiccup in our power this morning (weird, since there was no rain) and I slept in  Off to the market a bit late today!
cleaning a little...gettin ready...then goin to see my accountant to pay more taxes  All Bets Are Off today at 3!!!
Really enjoying my DSi. Will update pics, profile, etc. tomorrow. Off to bed 
is looking forward to her upcoming photo shoot. Off to work. Ask for my e-mail address. Chatting makes the day fly by! N/A if ur crazy. 
Ok, changed it back since my picture didn't match the name lol Off to watch movies via @instant_netflix 
just got back from physical therapy...increased my wts   Off to see Dr. G and then to work.  Date tonight! 
Changed my mind. Off to bed. Tweet tomorrow 
@raytoro Sir I must say, just got VENGANZA today...stunning job, stunning. Off to spam up everyone else with the same bloody message! 
Tents pitched. Off 2 Annan 4 food n the likes 
Yay!!! I got everything I needed from Target for less than $100!!!  Off to the gym!
@WeddingRadio liking Twibes...thanks for the tip! Off to create my own 
@FairyBlogMother  that's awesome! Have fun and thanks for the warm welcome!  Off to bed now it's late, nightie night all
@natneagle Watching you on blogtv is hilarious I've never been able to be on here when you are  Off to make a drink now lol
Just watched 'YES MAN' and it was sooo funny! Off to bed, goodnight 
Bleary eyed, watching F1. Off to see the scarecrows later 
Singing &quot;running up that hill&quot; after watching Ro's tweet link - top top song. Off to sing French church things now! 
Morning all  Last day of freedom, better make the most of it! Off to somewhere nice for lunch then B&amp;Q.. wahey!!
has a little blister in the end if his big toe. Ouch! Off of hardwicke hall to recuperate  #fb
United today  yay. Off soon
Absolutely knackered but got loads done. &amp; in the twitter twilight zone thanks to o2. Off for a rest, catch up with you all in a while 
So spinning didn't happen this morning and I just woke up hehe... be jealous. Off to @catigxone for more foood oye. 
I like being old! I just snapped at a person sending a msg to my VIP-L list titled &quot;Another Off-Topic Msg&quot; Vsatisfying 
I wish sarah silverman was as funny on twitter as her show. disspointing. Off to band practice, to dance like a fairy, and eat maccas 
wants to get a BOC this time round on the Sell Off  - follow @boffer  www.boffer.co.uk
@Hyperopia no sympathy..my own fault..should go to bed earlier  Off now thanks...
Morning all! Ready to get a bunch of work cranked out today.  Off to a productive morning thus far. How 'bout you?
Morning twitterers  Up earlier than I was yesterday..Off to school in about 20 minutes..Just updating-can't get me off of here!
@darklord1 I'm good this eve. Thanks for asking. It's beautiful out tonight. Off to work, I see. 
Jettin home to pack!!! Off early  ready to rock the go go and bring that funk back
Not much tweeting today! Off to 60th birthday do for very old friend 
UP Heaven - rodic's and isaw for merienda! Yum  Off to watch luke's game now.
And.... Off to the after party  dont know whats about to happen....Lol
@sorcha69 it was pretty good yeah. Off to armley mills in Leeds 
What a lovely morning in Forks! Off to search for my blackberry and maybe Jacob 
Bag's packed! Off to the Spa, this girl just needs a bit of me time! ok so it's all about me me me, but hey never said I was perfect lol! 
Kids slept into 7:00 -- wow -- it feels so decadent to have slept that long  Off for shower -- ooh the excitement of it all ; )
Hit me with your best shot &lt;3 Off to take a shower then watching a new episode of 'Gossip Girl' - already lovin' that series 
Wow early! Off in an hour an a half 
is watching Better Off Ted s1e2  http://plurk.com/p/rdb3k
Waking up to an overcast day in philly! Off to the italian market for some canolis! 
is feeling the birthday love already and it's only 10am!  thank you everyone!!! Off to renue my liciance sticker :p
@lunarwitch website - very nice! Will check out more later today. Off to the beach for now. 
Finally got my outline done. hopefully I can type the whole paper before the concert tomorrow! Off to bed now  haha Hopefully I can re ...
Morning everyone! Sunny here in Rooslip...Off to watch some football today  Those damn birds woke me up early again
Gotta go for now.Off to Waveboarding. 
All checked in! Virgin are super efficient and friendly! Off shop browsing as I still have few hours before departure 
really good to see @suziperry back covering Jerez. Off for my own bit of motorcycling action once race over..  #motogp
Avoiding study by signing up to this. Off to &quot;follow&quot; people I'm actually interested in, or people I know!! 
@alliology Sorry we felt we had to go so far to make sure you had a permanent reminder of us. Off to straighten the hall floor now...  
Last night was okies....pool was fun...nix on the dancing.  Off to a early start today..for me anyways. Groceries, mem card, circus 
Spent lots of money at target. God it feels good to get things I want. Off to look at some bikes. 
Good afternoon! Off to have breakfast/lunch 
oop! saddle ranch is too busy. Off to Jerry's 
I shall wait. Off to bed little tweetie birdsssss! 
Ugh long day! I'm beat! Off to bed now!  Lata!
Stoppped following ama, i really need a clean break... on another note, kate is being super nice right now  Off to work
Packing gym bag. Off to the gym in a bit. Squee! I'm my happiest whem I'm on the go. 
Bank holiday  Off to the station now. Catch you all later.
Morning. Off to school... Ickkk! 
@joepolitics Last night was awesome! Thanks for all the hard work you put into it! Off to get some coffee now... 
@my3boybarians Laughing at my &quot;ah ha&quot; moment. Off to get some coffee. 
@NicholeAudrey LOL! Ok, &quot;we&quot; will get right on that. I will let you know the verdict manana. Off to watch a movie with my lovely wife! 
@challyzatb Thankyou, yes. Off to a pre-wedding party now. 
Gorgeous day! Off to Hash around Waterley Bottom - wonderful name for a village! Quiz Mistressing at the Porto this evening 
My frist post... Off to find a new car for my parents, exciting! 
Gooood party last night (: Although I am extremely tired now. xD Off to bed to lounge around watch tv and sleep all day 
Breakfast is all done and cleared away. Chili con carne is in the slow-cooker. Did I have to set off the smoke alarm?  Off to mass soon.
Coffee and IPL calling.. Off I go.. 
Getting sick of pathetic lies. Off now to do some more designs  funfunfun.
cant seem to go to sleep without House! Off to Houseisms, then to sleep! Do visit http://bit.ly/PcaHW   it moves something within you...! 
@Stargate_Addict Off to celebrate with a youtube marathon! 
What a large day!  Off to bed  Good night!
G'Morning Twitter World - another sunny day here.  Off to Stornoway to buy shoes - this should be a challenge 
Good night friends. Thanks for keeping me company while I got a few things done.  Off to meet the sandman...
needs to stop procrastinating... I still have 3 exams left! Off to see Angels and Demons later, very excited 
just had a yummy lunch of salmon fillets and salad, delicious!! Off to lie down and read my book whilst Georgie sleeps 
It's warm again today, but not obviously.  Muggy haha!  Massive walk in the park with The Z was good though   Off to Sainsbreebreebree now
6.14 PM. Done for the day. Most productive day ever.  Off to celebrate by eating somewhere great.
22 Degree's according to my thermometer, yet another sunny day in the Alvor  Off to shred some waves on the west coast!
Cant wait for tonight. Off for a lovely chinese with my lovely boyfriend 
Yoghurt for lunch. Maths revision. I lead an exciting life. Off for a walk in the rain 
Workin at the bon. Off at close. 
Good morning ..sunday funday!! Off to get ready for church 
Don't see hot guy, thinkin it might be safe for me to go outside again. Off to lounge in my hammock &amp; read! 
At work until 6:15. Off tomorrow and tuesday 
On my break right now. Off at 2. Birthday dinner tonight for luke. Wish him happy birthday tomorrow!  
Off work. . . Off tomorrow. . . 
Well that was a very nice surprise  Off to bed!
is on page four in like two hours.. Off to get some sleep since I am supposed to be in class at 8:30 am! Hopefully I can sleep! 
@LexiThaBoss lmao dumbass hehehe I'm too tired. Off to bed. I luhh yo ass #realtalk 
Good night &amp; sweet dreams tweet peeps! Off to get my beauty rest! 
I started reading twilight yesterday, am loving it!! Off to read more now .... bye  xx
Morning all , Off to see Angels and Demons shortly , will let you know how it goes  x x
Raise and shine! Off to the gym! 
says Off yaaa  have a nice day all ^^~ http://plurk.com/p/uiw2u
Happy.  Off to a greenhouse to play &quot;flower photographer&quot; for a day. 
I'm feeling much better now  Off to go home in a few. Bye!
Oh and good morning twitterland!    Off to school I go.
So tired.. Off to school. After today, 3 1/2 days left 
yay! How To Be dvd arrived. Ive been dying to see it for months  Off now to watch it
I have unleashed a flock of purchase orders, staff opinion surveys and maintenance fixes at school. Off to the city for some RNR tonight 
@anz_rocks19 Ah good, made my day! Off for a bit now, tweet laters 
If I say so myself, as a non-programmer, I wrote some s%#t-hot code today!! Off to do dinner, then back for some Follow Fridays 
@SapphyNo1 just for a change travelling to london for pleasure. Off to scare the little one with dinosaurs at Natural history museum 
@NikkiPilkington that's not fair!! we had sun but it's all run away across the water now. Off to sulk 
I just realized how odd &quot;walk my garden&quot; sounded...Off to walk in the garden 
@jelley yeah im ok matey, chin up buddy!  Off to Cov to see the folks now.What was that twitter app u told me about? C u later pal.
Another beautiful day  doing stuff around the house, work 1230-9 (come visit), working out, tanning?, home for the night! Off tom w00t!!!
My head has cleared up thank god. Off to get a shower and get dressed. At 3pm 
TGIF...Off to enjoy the weekend 
woohoo! Off to Cebu tomorrow for some lazy days... it's gonna be a bright, bright, sunshine-y day... er, week. 
Interview was whatever, it's so fecking hot out, I practically stripped in the car. Off to change then lunch date with my WiFey 
@moonstruckmommy I guess we'll see    Off to bed with me...have a good night 
It's one in the afternoon. Only an hour before class. Off to shower. 
So tired.. so much to say.. so little time. Off to bed, more studies in the morning.  love you all. xoxo
Its only midnight and I'm exhausted ! Off to meet him in my dreams; goodnight twittle tweets 
@dr_nic Off to E3 too? Have fuuuuun! 
Morning! Off to the library for more revision. Only 5 days left of all this exam malarkey! 
Wow, lovely day for it!  Apart from slightly fuzzy head.. Bubbles darling! Off out to be a big kid for day... Woohoo! :o)
Just started the packing process for N.Y. SO excited! Off to bed now! 
@markw29 - hadn't seen the Ideas to inspire site before - how fantastic!! - Off to blog about it now!!! 
