Most common words for this cluster:
[('office', 833), ('today', 74), ('day', 63), ('desk', 45), ('post', 28), ('time', 20), ('sun', 18), ('com', 18), ('home', 18), ('http', 16), ('doctors', 14), ('morning', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'office', 0.9272428154945374), (u'offices', 0.6290245652198792), (u'desk', 0.5654250383377075), (u'Inception_outclasses_Schmucks', 0.5565763115882874), (u'ofice', 0.5551375150680542), (u'Office', 0.5533760786056519), (u'director_Madeline_DeLone', 0.548328697681427), (u'Each_Weichert_franchised', 0.5409443974494934), (u'wondered_Muehlfelt', 0.5408960580825806), (u'PDN_delivered', 0.5291141271591187)]





clearing my desk... 
watching the roadworks develop outside the office that'll make me late for the next 10 weeks  #fb
Office time.!! 
Just enjoying a rammed post office experience 
sitting in the office on my own, all my colleagues have abandoned me 
Not feeling so well this morning, not sure why I came into the office. 
Yawwwwwwning @ the Office!....... 
Dammit, I forgot to go to the post office and now it's closed. 
still working hard in the office, not going as expected, well it's taking much longer than i thought 
just waiting on the netbbook to charge up then a lovely day at the office. 
is wishing that he could go to office NOW!! *sigh* at least.. there I find some purpose.. alone and miserable 
what a stressful day  at the office...
@hoshigirl lol. yeah. for me too. I hate waking up early, I have to be in the office at 8:30A. 
went to office on sunday and power went off in office 
at the office on a sunday     not a fan.
Spending another sunday at the office. 
@KCCopyDiva I'm a schmuck!  I missed you on the radio!    That's what I get for staying out of the office for 36 hours.
@BCbrews I get that all the time at the store. I had a girl who phoned head office once... I was just explaining how her beer was made 
Another day in the office 
Watching the boys play golf....  about to go home and watch the office and laugh myself to sleep
I'm awake, apparently the rest of the world isn't. No shops open until ten? Seriously!! And no coffee at the editorial office 
@kanupriyasindhu cold and cough and fever..and still in office 
the sun looks even more inviting through office windows 
twittering from office is not a good idea  !!
@baneen sorry, working from an office sucks 
It's been quiet and empty in my office lately, I miss my officemate.. Huhuhu 
@jpiscaer grrrr,   stuck in the office now 
@FenricWolf I often strut around naked too but with an open window overlooking a main road - I can't do that in the office 
@Awfy I love the Youmeo Offices! :o I want them.. 
the office temp is clearly having a deodorant malfunction  
@Whatleydude This discussion will continue on camera, I have to go to the post office 
http://twitpic.com/3nn6q - @polonium_210 it's alright for some people. This is my office for today 
ughhh, i hate using hate office computerrrrr . i wish my laptop never got messed up 
Its another gorgeous day outside. I will be admiring through my office window 
What a lovely morning shame I'm sat in the office looking out. 
Having trouble wake up @ the office.. 
unhappy  the office is very serius now 
@Upsydesrella anything beats sitting in the office looking out at the sunshine 
stuck in the office, it's gorgeous outside! and i get to spend my lunchbreak in the dentists today - how unfair! 
playing so much on my blog  that i forgot my conference call  well the connection is faster in the office.
sun is shining and I'm sitting in the office.. 
I'm sitting at the office, while the sun is shinning 
I want to be in the sun not in an office 
Silence has been broken, not the only one in the office anymore 
@Abbeejay little debbie told me you were playing Office trivia. i am sad 
@brohamulet just got done with a lovely bones and office date with @laurnicole and now i am off to bed. work in the am. 
In office on saturday.. 
@tonylongworth SHIT! i missed the post office today too. i'm sorry. if i could just throw it in i would but i dunno how much it weighs. 
@mokistreasures hmmm, that's too bad...my post office is missing 2 employees &amp; manager is working the counter 
Still in the office on such a nice day 
Waiting in line at the post office. What more do I need to say 
Trying to figure out how to fit a rack in my office 
catching up with my overflowing office inbox. 
@NiciC I have this sinking feeling those won't make it into the office. 
???? ???? M$ Office 2007 ????? ?????? ???. ????? ?????? ???????. 
At government job finding office. Hundreds of people here. I'll have my first cheque by next week. 
am tired, sleepy, in need of a bed. sitting on a liliputian office chair; its too tiny for me! 
will try to convince herself to go to the adviser office tomorrow 
is apologizing to everybody for possible delays, as we still do not have inet in the office  #pixeltamer.net
whoa, office totally lied to me. thought i was further than i am 
gotta get ready to go to the office   Not looking forward to being contained in my cubicle after such a wonderful weekend
is off to the office now.  I wish I could stay home w/the hubs... 
@sandysaikman I am gonna b lonely here at work I am the only 1 in the office now! For good!! 
@sandysaikman there r others in bldg but the office I sit in all day is huge and empty now! 
in the office on a rainy monday is not fun 
in the office today... yay 
Someone left the air conditioning on in my office all weekend. It's so cold in here. 
raining like hell..... stuck in office 
Sitting in the dr. Office, sick. 
office on sunday 
Spend most of the week in the office 
Omw to the office  .....dayumm it's awesome outside  #fb
i brought my lappie to tanene's office this morning. i hope they can fix it  i don't care how long it'll take, i just want it fixed!
catching up on the office season 5. i've missed so much 
lunch in the office.. still not finish the task 
After wondering why I was smelling burning plastic and sniffing the 500 electronics in my office, my server died...mystery solved 
made a booboo  destroyed physical property in the office 
pff Starting at 7:30 in the office is early 
Coming into the office I had the frst customer with a friendly complaint on the phone. But I least I got a coffee now. ;-) No sun's out! 
psssh... all alone at the office.... 
The Office season finale is on tonight 
still watching the office, I really want call of duty on my computer! am not keen for this long weekend. 
outside the company office waiting on chris to draw gear  he leaves today
Today is going to be rough  math final and then deans office.
are little quieter than usualy, which is just as well considering half the office being ill! 
working office today  minus...
still 1 hour 30 min more............office 
In the office today 
just run over and broke one earring w. office chair   I liked them...
season finale of the Office tonight......I don't want it to end 
The Office season finale tonight! 
Just watched the Office season finale...it wasn't that funny 
Spending two weeks in office I feel so home at office.  is this death of anything happening in my life.
time to run some errends and then to the office 
I wasn't joking when I said it was the start of the rainy season. Looking like a blueprint of the last two summers  The Met Office sucks!
back to office tmrw 
trying to sleep.....office tomorrow 
 @thesmartmama I have no office. I know this is hard to believe, but people don't want to employ me.
is back to office and the usual bakra to harrass is missing! 
messed up desk  ...
@jewlicious the government offices did not all get the memo. 
I just rolled up and down in an office chair in the hallway and everyone ignored me  but it woke me up . #psychunitentertainment
Now trying to resolve 3 issues in the office at one go 
back in the boring office 
so many people are emailing/ asking for office hours. can't they just study on their own ugh 
today in tax office interview found out that my typing per hour was like in the 1000's!!  but mums.. is in the 10 000's, so i found out 
in the office - got coffee, had yoghurt, now work 
back to the office this week. got to deal with the Germans again 
Office moment: U r last 2 sign a co-worker's farewell card &amp; there is no space left &amp; all the witty things are already said 
some births dicided to do the nest inside our office now they turn on the alarm every night 
i can't remember which tunnel i need to go down to get to the post office 
is in the office again and feeling like death 
is in the office still  hate my life!
Is spending her morning at the orthodontists office 
trying to pack this disaster of an office... 
Working in a very empty, cold and draughty office 
@abhinavsircar  take care...(wondering why u were at office at all)
Working on site today... It's very very cold in this office 
The internet is down in the office 
There is now quiet and static-y music in the office. 
@cawanpink : im still @ office 
@ my office working my ass off 
@catinthesweater good idea except not possible in an office environment. 
I love being in the office early, why can't it be this quiet all day? 
#tuwien library is closed today  . fallback position == freihaus lab
i have such a burning desire to have #jaljeera now .. damn it cant leave office 
@c_muni I feel your pain - got in to the office at 6.30 this morning 
@Edwards80 We had a big red tea pot but it was claimed in a office fire  we really should get a new one.
In the office, and once again, the download failed 
I'm working out then going into the office on this beautiful day 
Just got in the office... looking at all the paperwork I need to complete for the day... 
@parisianatheart: no but i used to work next door to their offices in cobalt when i worked at accuread. got made redundant though 
No newspapers in the office, boring conversations 
Guess I can't come to work early ever. It's 10min to 8am and the office is locked. I don't have keys.  Where is someone who does?
still 4 hours to go to leave the office.. 
Finally in my new office. And apparently I still have more books than I have shelf-space. 
made it into the office.... now to get back into the data entry in excel 
back in the office - want to cry 
in the office and not listening to green day in central park... 
@bebrooks1 lucky! i have been in the office since 7 am 
Still stuck at office on this friday eve.. 
is going back to office to work for the donkey! 
They took away my state room and have me sharing an office onshore  worst day of work everrrr
I hate going to the doctor's office 
@Jezriyah I can't even read entries from the office. 
@lindslindsx sheesh I wish my office had windows 
.. that she was the last one leaving her office. She had janitors accompanied her throughout the time. I feel so guilty today. 
sitting in the doctors office 
have an appt. today... I don't like the doctors office 
Should have taken today off but I'm stuck in the office staring at the computer 
is sad b/c some visiting attorney is now sitting in susie's old office 
having lunch in the office, and thinking of how to resolve this discount form issue 
Its annoying to change your seat in the office every now and then. But can't help. 
back in the office after a fantastic long weekend... and it's raining in ny 
Early morning to the office,meeting got cancelled 
Another &quot;Office&quot; rerun 
@desmondmerapoh Wish I could bring him to the office...but..my office has a no pet allowed rule 
I have to go to a client's office near by today at 10:30 will be off twitter for some time 
it is dress up as pirates time in my office, don't think I'm allowed to take a photo though 
There are newly homeless people sleeping around our office building.    I feel so bad for them.
If Open Office was made with the intention of making people cry, (uncontrollably) while using it, today it has succeeded 
office day! why 
what a beautiful day - shame I've got to spend it in an office 
looking at the sunshine out of my office window 
Lovely morning to cycle to work but met with a 29 degree office 
Up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment 
@FireFly74 And most of us are going to be stuck in an office, some without windows 
It's too hot to be sat in an office!  I wanna be out in the sun shineeeee.
staring at the sunshine through my office window! 
Aaaagh, aircon not working in my office 
unemployment office sucks 
@Brookeleeadams Gutted you won't be on live office girls anymore 
@daaku @danishk lol.. zzzzy in office and I'm alone in my bay again. 
@purpleshoe Ahh! normally I would jump at that but i'm manning the office solo today 
everyone's abandoning the office... I still have 5 hours to go  
@mamapennington im the only one in the office! and I jammed the copier 
I am loving this sunshine and hating the thought of my office without windows 
I know it wasn't going to be there, but I check EZTV for The Office torrent... 
At the dr office for abbie's second round of shots... 
office hours/trying to make my computer feel better. 
i'm still here in the office...and the sun is shining 
Sitting at the doctor's office. 
Trying to open a .docx file on my virtual system while I'm under the dryer. But it only has Office 2007, 
Packing up my desk 
Sitting in the tax collectors office.    Getting ready to write a check.
@doudoubebe There are 3 other Drs. in the office and only mine does this  It drives me nuts, especially when it is an appt. for my kids.
Finished up cleaning my desk at least. . . office is looking empty. . .almost time to be in the car for 1 1/2!  #fb
@campingal if our office bldg. sells we will move to another smaller one that we own, but will lose the gym 
@MirSa89 I just about clear my whole office and no sign of it  next place is truck, I have yet to fully clean under back seat lol!
Looks like its another night at the office lol 
friendly neighbourhood infoscion is moving out, no more free rides to office 
It's saturday and as usual the worst comes to the worst: I'm at the office and working - at the beginning of my vacation. 
back in the office!  but i do have cake! hmmmm keep me smiling....
In Post Office queue 
is not happy that i have to work inside an office on a beautiful sunny day 
@krist0ph3r gtalk's barred from my stupid office! 
to the post office to return my broken digital camera  hope they can fixx it
didn't see her office crush today...awww  http://plurk.com/p/x6s1o
came back office   2morrow also 
Such a nice day. And I'm trapped in the office... 
I'm awake, which means back to the office. 
stuck in office working when it blazing got out side 
immensely jealous of you all enjoying the sun.  i am hunched over dusty documents in a gloomy office, trying to finish a report  x
on my way to see an apartment and then to the office 
What lovely day to be spending in line at the post office 
@threefoxes jealous! it's such a nice day and i'm stuck inside the office 
@mrackley @spmcdonough  I noticed earlier this morning and sent a email but I guess I'll need to go into the office to fix 
Wow I just found out that my office was broken into last night and our 52 &quot; t.v has been stolen. 
Our site appears to be down  Other chapters are dealing with the same thing. Hopefully the national office will have it fixed soon...
The doctor's office sucks so hard.  
watching season one of The Office...and can't sleep....blah 
at office on a sunday 
Open Office 3.1 compiling from past two hours. Should have taken a binary 
is hoping that my office will allow me access to justin.tv tomorrow.. 
Now will wait my letter reach their management office n when they contact me I will pull their hair off from those monkeys tat involved 
picked the wrong weather to redesign my office  .. going to http://www.sybrandys.nl/ in an hour
I miss my office neighbor 
@Kenzielee_  the office on a sunday 
it's 12am n i'm leaving the office. too shitty a job for me  did i say i hate audit? even more so now. it's funny how i used to love it.
tomorrow walk to office !!!!!!!!!!! 
Writing checks and cleaning off my desk 
@vacant_heart cant.... Office tomorrow 
@peteyyyyy bowling hater! LOL I'm stuck here at the office  no bowling for me.
wants to watch the office all night long..but i have his paper to write.. 
at the office on sunday. how cliche 
is bored in the office as usual. I hope pay comes in tomorrow. 
at office working on a paper work 
@mmauran blogspot.com, wordpress.com blocked in office  have to go home and check
@natashaloh the office is warm here too 
now another day in a hot office 
Has had a great weekend and is now back in work, looking out of the office window at the brillient blue sky. 
What a great day... should not be in the office right now 
Another day that looks like it will be glorious and I'm in an office... 
has just got into the office to find out they are relaying the roads outside ! What a horrid noise 
brrrrrrrrr! My office is like an igloo!!! 
Why can I not get out of the office before 6:30. It seems it's an impossibility...  
silence in the office  has somebody died?
Getting ready to go out for a hospital appointment 
Our shredder has died!!  anyone know where we can find  cheap but good office shredder?
going to work and sitting inside an office in weather like this is so annoying 
@DavidWaldock I wasn't trying to break into my own office! I just hit the wrong button on the keypad and it ALL went wrong! 
balls, I leave the office for half hour and the moblog goes mental, sorry all 
am thinking its far to nice to be in a gloomy office 
@HettiSpaghetti I had a goodday lol, stuck in the office looking at the sun 
It's too hot to be reconfiguring PC's and lugging boxes to the post office today... 
Sitting in the office on a great day, checking a few war files 
Immunizations day for a 4-yr old who's deathly afraid of the dr's office~should be an interesting trip! 
It looks gorgeous outside and in this gloomy office 
Its too sunny outside to be stuck in an office all day 
Preparing myself for the only hour of sun I'll get today... Office jobs are so depressing this time of year!! 
@jameswilding http://yfrog.com/5e80vj This makes my day in the office even harder 
Watching the sunshine through my office window 
back in the office staring wistfully out the window at the sunshine 
is dying.....the air conditioning in office has broken 
Definately does not want to be in the office today. 
@shivasingh Here also max temp is 23, but in Office.;) Outside 35 
@gobecca shes gay  i hate em all at the office.
is in the office all alone all day 
morning tweets    sitting in the doctor's office...the germs got me!
Aww, wish I was out in the sunshine instead of at this cluttered desk in a stuffy office 
It's such a nice day, and i'm stuck in this stupid office again....help me someone 
foul, overpowering, stench in the office. 
@salandpepper It is rather hot today and because there's an auditor in the office I can't take my trousers off as I usually would 
it is way too hot to be in the office 
's office is minus Priggdog and Kdog, and is boring and banterless 
Face book blocked in office. so searching fro new options 
at the dentists office waiting to get seen...joy!  I don't think I'm gonna like this!
sat in the office on a lovely day 
23 degrees outside and im stuck in the office 
dreaded first day back in the office email catching up and computer is crashing 
About to drag my butt to my day-job where I'll sit in a windowless office while the sun is shining brightly outside! 
It's very cold at my desk 
@sprigofsage it hasn't happened yet. i stare into a corner in my office now. and there's no hotties in this office 
Her last office screamed serenity now-this &quot;new&quot; office not so much 
@lalayu had to at the docs office 
Builders at home and outside my office window. Making my head hurt 
It is going to be a long day if the alarm keeps going off in the office. 
orthodontist office...ugh how i hate your long waits! 
Waiting at the doctors office 
@katie_signalmag  I'm sorry. I would make you lunch but your office is a little too far away.
@fizice I have to be at the office before 8:30am  although it is my parents' office and near my house. :S I miss college life&gt; Haha.
@chaddeus I can't do lunch...like...at all.  I'm afraid to move away from my desk.
spent twenty dollars at the post office 
What a glorious day pity most of it was spent in my office 
I hate the doctors office. 
In the last 5 minutes 80% of the office left.  considering there are 4 others in this office, that means I'm all alone. 
@mattwilliamson I can meet if you were able to drop by the office, but I'm on the bike today and sitting in 5pm traffic in the heat is:  
Is at the doc office 
@frazzel I'll be enjoying it through my office window 
I need more fat layers.  I am so cold in the office today 
JUST left the office. Gees!workaholic! but my boss gave me 2mrw off so i can pick up my other half! i feel incomplete 
I finally have my new computer updated, still very hectic at the office! I have been out of town so much my cactus died 
the pantry proved out to be far from a solitary confinement for a nap. every goddamn person in the office needs coffee today. 
damn got caught up product searching and have no time for before sleep office epi 
no more hot cluster manager in the office 
back in office after 10 days... should I say how it feels like 
mobile phones banned inside office 
rightttt, setting off to work now  booooooo!!!! It's so sunny and lovely out and I'm cooped up in an office all day! rubissshhhhh!!
Why am I already in the office? This month has not started well 
@soycamo I hear ya, @slatetechpdx got an office a couple months back, so now I've got two rents to cover 
is feeling lonely    Out of the 7 people who normally work in my office, I'm the only one in so far!
in the office... outside 25 degrees.. 
I wish someone would turn up at the office soon. I'm far too alone  
@vagelisv management assistant for office communication,I wanna be emancipated&amp;independent,but I'm so shy and insecure and I can't talk 
I can c the nice weather outside from the window in my office   x
shifted to new office. missing my personal cabin 
being tormented by my cruel and sadistic office mates 
is sitting in office. and having heaps to do. seems like a long evening after all.  http://plurk.com/p/xv926
I'm getting seriously fed up with my office blocking youtube 
Listening to radio 2 in the office, its making me want to kill myself, its so depressing and sad 
The weather is too nice for sitting in the office, but there is no wireless in my block 
I am so hot! There is no aircon in the office 
Wants to be out in the sun insted of stuck in the office!!! 
glorious weather outside! back in the office now 
I'm full of spud and now want to go and lie down in the sun with a good book.  Unfortunately, instead I'll be sitting inside my office 
@taratomes I'm melting onto my desk and unable to concentrate 
@darrenhayes sounds perfect! I'm stuck in a stuffy office 
Far, far, far too hot to be stuck in an office today 
going to the office so much work to do starting to hate computers 
Ah stressful day at the office 
My office is freezing and I wore flip-flops 
@PLACEBOWORLD still didn't receive single &amp;vinyl. I'll give it another day before I get in touch with website and post office 
@Fearnecotton its great, but ive had to work in it all day inside a hot office 
Tired..yet, a productive day at the office. But dreading all the homework and writing I have to do.. 
I hate air conditioning....my office is freezing brrrrr  
ss office...really boring 
9pm and I'm still at the office.... tired?!?... what do you think?..... 
I think I need a new office chair...my back is killing me today 
just figured out why there hasn't been a new episode of The Office in a while. 
@nbarron I remember when we got the first 3 episodes of The Office at Unews for review. I didn't like it at the time b/c I was a loser. 
@ office....so cold like in the refrigerator.....ga enak body 
@nitevoli i dont get any signal inside the office bud. 
@iammikos you are supposed to be @ the office with the Bombshells hoppin on these free drinks!!! 
forgot my office keys - so much for an early start 
@dougiedm they just said colder not wet sweetie. . And it is colder. . However it wont be in the office 
back to my office after 6 days break... just found all our junior devs were being laid off  . i'm left alone... scary
server down in office.. not getting tweets frm #TEDxKL 
Today I am moving in to the biggest office in the company. Only temporarily though... 
crazy cold in the office  wearing a dress does not help at all 
@catspyjamasnz might b a little late 4 coffee in the morning, diploma students have Office apps test at 8am, sure to run over time 
Starving.... And I have just been told I can't eat at my desk 
will be out of the office for a few days. A very close friend is in intensive care. 
is absolutely roasting in her office - and is jealous of the guy next door who has a fan!! 
is moving offices... 
sitting in the office bored  hence on twitter 
left wallet in office. no money for dinner 
hrm... search notification works. office white noise just quit though...      this day is starting off kind of weird.
Long day at office. Some more to go 
stuck in the office, whilst the sun's out, not fair 
Freeezing in the office today...and I can't find my fleece  i hope the cleaning ladies didn't take it...
I hate it when I misplace books. I have to scour my office tonight to find it. 
in the office today. 
At the doctor's office getting a strept test. 
is freezing to death at the office  http://plurk.com/p/y5ndg
My desk is SMOTHERED in paperwork. 
@amazcuna So many people with headaches in the office!!!  Yikes!  
so it's june and I have my heater going in my office... 
@kittencaboodle does it use the new docx formats Office 2007 uses? I would love to use pages but its just too different 
Sitting at the dr office  feel like I have been ran over by a steam roller
@caelisan uh, what i meant was: we are all having dinner in the office. again. 
new fan arrived for the office! sun disappeared 
ran away from a barbeque at the office. too cold outside, my alergies on max level and bored with not being able to understand Flemish 
Really wanting to just go out into the sunshine and not be stuck in a windowless office.  We should just cancel the day out!!!
Wondering why the home office create their pdfs in two columns. It's impossible to c&amp;p properly in evince 
why does everyone at my lab office steal my pens... i'm almost penless 
@markrock Yes, I do have one at home. Just not in the office 
@bytera  i'm at the office so can't click the link.  the fact that i'm twitting on the sly is already bad enough.  god i'm such a rebel.
now the social security office... I wish these people were a little more helpful, I just realized I needed to update my registration too 
someone look up the number for new jersey city universitys admissions office for me 
@mindofandre if ur referring 2 the breakfast, i had 2 be in the office 
@MrFatz my lunch is always late at this crazy company  it's cold in the office today
I don't get to move into my new office today. 
such a beautiful day outside and I am inside the office without any window. 
Long Post Office lines suck. I'm stuck in one now. 
it seems so cruelly strategic to lay people off on Fridays. so they don't spread bad atmosphere in the office the next day? 
@mirandable87 They didn't call about the job today  Might be a bad sign! I'm excited about my new kitchen though. And an office!
@MarciAlagio lolllll i used to be. When i had a desk 
@KhloeKardashian me and my girlfriend were hiding at the dentist office across the street 2 see who was coming &amp; going. We got and I full 
Weekend at office 
working in office on a weeknd ...... 
@entrepreneurblg would you love the rain if it were running down the walls of your office? 
Working at the office this morning 
Sluggish saturday..In Office 
@smilinggal mine is awkward when in office and sleein home  ..... Nthing new same old story
doesn't like being in his parents house so he can dog sit. I miss my office 
I think this is my forth weekend in a row that I have come into the office. 
don't want to be stuck in this stupid office all day. this blows 
I saw a resignation letter in e office and its ahkhun's.  - http://tweet.sg
Sitting in my office waiting for 5. Kids playing/yelling/crying in the office next door ... *looks @ clock* ... Only 8mins have passes 
I wonder whether its worth the hassle of working in this godforsaken office 
@cocoachanel awww honey... are u still in the office? 
I get up at 5:30 even though today I have no office. 
it looks like a beautiful saturday, as i peer over my computer at the office 
is spending her day in office again...and there's only 2 person in the office. 
so it's june and I have my heater going in my office... 
@arnie1985 Just came home :0 off to office in 30 min 
@BritRuxpin i would have accepted &quot;angela&quot; or &quot;the ashes&quot;. The Office reference fail 
i moved to our office ext few days ago and im alone 
beautiful day out and I'm stuck in the office 
'The Office' was not open so @johnbradford could not show me the bristol design fesival garden 
sunday in the office...nothing is better 
@gossipboypinoi i'll think about it.tnx. what's annoying though is we don't have a globe office here anymore.it was closed last march 
trying to read in the office. But i can barely get through one page. 
All vacation is over and tomorrow have to go to office 
I don't want to go to office...too tired and not good weather  but there's no local hericane ;)
I've gotta duck into the office....on a public holiday. 
at my desk working 
my annoyance is getting worst with this office... 
I really wish I had The Office seasons 1-4. 
back to work..starting with a desk move 
@chittabug I am sorry u aren't feeling well sweetheart  I love u heaps. Are u twittering at the office? I miss my honey
What's going on with the traffic today? tel aviv is jammed! Taking me more than 20 mnts and I still haven't arrived to the office 
I am not in the office. I have handyman rebuildingthe sink in my house. 
No internet means no twitter at w/e   Office is not in a good this morning.
It's photoshoot today, but I'm stuck in the office so won't be out on location 
I am not in the office. I have handyman rebuilding the sink in my house. 
Off to work to clear out my desk 
busy finalising a scarp metal account for tax submission in month end ... it has been hectic .. leaving office daily at 9pm  ...
Rerimanded one of the staffers for making personal calls from office by the tons 
am a stress head again, it took all of 5 minutes in the office. How depressing 
@aianna21 I am hooooome! I hate our post office. It's closed until the end of the week for refurbishment 
nothing to do @ office 
I knew this was stupid before real testing. But from remote office I put host in standby mode. Now waiting for it to wake up 
sitting in the office.. still not sure if i should tell my boss i failed my exams or not.. 
can't wait to leave the office..im not so feeling well..ugh..sigh 
Still in the office. No way I'll be getting up to #SMCSYD  
I don't think office life is for me. 
Getting ready for my first day in the office...ewww cubicles 
At the office on a holiday...  I'm the only human here 
stuck at my office due to rainin 
someone turned up the air in the office 
Reprimanded one of the office staffers for making personal calls by the tons 
http://twitpic.com/7gobu - Picture of my lonely office 
Driving to the office, back to work today 
bout to go into the orthodontist......these appointments are never fun 
Sitting at the office - a bit bored and tired. 
power was out at the office... back on now   I guess we have to stay.
the only one in the back office today...  everyone is at camp.
Is waiting in the drs office for kadence to get 5 shots 
someone is really sucking the bandwidth at the @verk office 
just kicked my desk and it really hurt 
.....very busy reorganizing and repainting the office......we're so tired..... 
@buthaina  too bad not on website since I don't have TV at the office 
@IlanBr unfortunately it seems the medical/ins/pharms have all the power and we're at their mercy. the office was condescending and mean 
Staff may be moving back into the office today...but water leaks and no A/C is a recipe for a smelly room. 
aw, getting ready for my office farewell luncheon  sniff!
To the doctor's office 
@andersm8 so disappointed in your tweeting lately... also i missed our office romance today 
just had a grilled chicken salad that was rediculously oversized, now back to the office 
waiting for my sister to bring me to the doctor's office 
I knew I should have brought my headphones with me to the stupid post office 
Sitting in a doctors office 
My computer is not working in my office 
working and running around the office like a madman. so so busy today 
Trying to get to the bank and post office! 
@elliecopter  evilll desk
at the doctors office for my back. It's never hurt this bad before 
at lunch right now... about to head back to the office and sadly my battery is on the verge of dying  must get a charger from some1 fast!
@mudville100 too much to do after being out of the office last week  I will soldier on like a good martyr!
@ the dentist's office studying/waiting for my cleaning, walking round downtown with my barbri books attached to me=no fun 
@Warlach  That sucks. I'd hire you, as my grovelling underling to groom the office unicorn.
@queenofgeek waving to you from my office!  I'd walk over to say hi if I wasn't so busy with work right now 
The post office people weren't very nice. They weren't mean, they just weren't very nice. 
Leaving the office and mine prototype of recommendation engine, to go back at home, the accounting is waiting for me ! 
is in the office... another day full of shits. 
office so cold.. forgot to bring my jacket.. 
This is no time to be in the office 
craving for pho.  sooooo cold in the office!
is back in office....sigh 
@tplaysbass  Not yet!  I'm  not sure what happened.  It was syncing with my computer and I'm guessing it duplicated my office contacts. 
a bit boring at office..what should i do?thorsten is not online yet..miss him so much.. 
In Office.. 
getting sick of office politics!! 
5hours sleep... thank you! in the office now 
Office pc infected with kwinzy119.exe 
really not enjoying the prospect of being back in the office today 
@iainfunnell haha not excited at all! I just hope and pray i get my own desk. I need one 
hello another day of office wokr 
sleepy and dreading the traffic which starts to build up in front of her office 
Still need to declare to the tax office, and pay them  This is a bit of a rubbish, but only 14 days left to do it!
twitter deck does not work in the office 
is lonely in the office by herself ... 
Enjoying the public holiday .... at the office 
@NomadWanderer in office it's really cold  , outside hot and humid!
I can't tweet from the office anymore!!! 
@lexia Any cubicle based office workers should avoid pungent foods until home time 
@johntheboy enjoy... I'm stuck in the office 
ai....still @ office....poor 
@musosdan office politics 
freaking cold inside the office.... hungry and cold 
Eating dried cranberries in the office, and wondering where the sunshine has snuck off too.  
The heat is on in my office 
@taskbaarchitect I wish I had a desk 
@daaku nope dude.. did not get it to the office.. and btw, when u tweeted this, i had already left the office! 
its sunny and i'm in an office! 
still at office, nothing sucks more than making cost reports for management 
@snobb right here at my desk 
had the fan on in my office last week. Today? I think I need a heater. 
Office cafe it is 
On my way to the ortho. Office... I just want to lie down 
im so tired and drinking office coffee.... just not the same  But i'm going to make it a great day!
Such a beautiful day ... and I'm in the office 
is freezing in the office.....ac is on full throttle  
At the doctor's office.  I think they're gonna stick me today 
@RandomLittleImp thats terrible. he was a good teacher. office politics are the pits! 
Sitting at dr's office... This outta be fun!! 
At the dermatologists office 
Suffering the four walls of an office job today 
Wants to leave the office now! 
at the doc's office 
In eye doctors office made me take my contacts out and i cant see 
@sjor I know  The perils of working in a Japanese office, though!
is back in the office, lastest yet! 650am  lol...
A late night at the office  - http://bkite.com/08zTc
I should have brought my penknife, metal ruler and cutting mat to work. Cutting with a scissors is a bitch. Office should have them! 
in the office by myself 
beh.. dateng udah lmayan cepet.. only to found out the office are still locked.. 
@MacHeadCase I have Office 2k8. 
@maddisondesigns Office 07 screwed my computer up yesterday.  I'm pissed.
is just sick that she forgot to raid merritt island's office depot of her favorite-not-available-anywhere-else-pen. 
Watching office and waiting for cuddle bump..midterm really wasn't terrible..i think i'll wait one more day on this job agency 
still at the office, trying to untangle a cross-charge mess &amp; some other budget fun 
In the office pushing through emails only three days left then back on the airplain 
Another long day at da office 
@BIGsheep Aw, musical offices again? 
@summertingz no choice! office renovation.. 
pile of 'stuff' on my desk is growing 
back in the office today. kettle doesn't work and quite frankly, microwave coffee just doesn't taste the same 
is all alone in the office!! soooo quiet 
hates bad office atmospheres... 
wondering how hot the office will get today 
It is monsooning outside. I need to go pick up a parcel from the post office delivery place too 
@fustat  then I wont be able to see it.. may be try to turn on only audio, and sneak peak listening in the office
getting damn bored in office working on the product brochure.... 
is thinking of going to the post office, down side to ebaying 
i has achey neck... massage please! also, one of the girls in the office keeps humming 'Take my breath away' 
drat! Office firewall block twitter 
Sitting at my desk working... 
just found out people bought our office building and are kicking us down to the 2nd floor. no more view of the skyline for me 
I've seen all the office eps.  what to do with my evenings now?
doesn't like when there isn't anyone at the office to entertain me 
waiting for my husband who is sitll on a meeting at the office. 
this office is freezing..and i have no sweatshirt nothin... 
@pbwotw don't mind offices. It's just that they expect you to work in them 
Office is at 78 degrees, A/C isn't working properly!!!!  
Out of the office today - sick 
@Kelleh79 i'm in helene's office... the office across the hall belongs to someone else now!  
i can't believe i'll say this, but I do miss office, my colleagues and my bosses!  still stuck at client's for two more weeks!
Looks like a long night ahead...in office.  The demo is not quite shaping up.
I have no more stuffed dog samples in my office... 
@MeticulousBob  for real... unfortunately i can't access it until i get home. stuck in the office in 6 more hrs. 
My office blocks gchat 
@dcolanduno My office is always way cold in the summer. I have to use a heater sometimes to keep from freezing. 
Computer in my office crashed 
sad office...how will i survive with out my main technichan pj?? 
@theredheadsaid just got back to my desk! 
i wish we had better desk chairs in the office... my back is always killing me near the end of the day 
ugh and now probation office  fml
seriously....who adjusts the thermostat in my office when I'm gone? I swear I lock the door! It's SO cold! 
@ap4a ahh right, can't you go down to their office and teach them 
I'm still at the office. today has been a little slow 
So it's just me again, alone, in the office  sooo much to do!!!
#eyeblasterday heading back to the office  thank you for the great day ooo @eyeblaster
 stuck in the office
Testing the router at the office. Seems to be work ok. Now I am wondering if it's the exchange or wiring. 
just ran through the office - quads are not good - very springy... 
Just got back from the office and processing TICKETS 
I just looked up to see everyone had left the office without me noticing 
@devobrown worst part of working again - - - - missing your show  i'mma hafta bring in headphones to the office
I am excited to have someone else in the office with me finally @fuelinggood but it won't last long 
@thewordofjeff by the way I should have taken a poll, the attorney general office's reply, &quot;hire a lawyer&quot;  and no response--congresswoman
got called into the office for an hour today...but other than that, been cooped up with my tonsil-less chipmunk 
These lab pcs don't have office 07 installed 
4 month old hardwood is buckling in the office 
@michelly023 @bealove roxy sold out!?!?!?!?!?!? maybe boxx office!? butt for sure chain is sold out and box office doesn't have any 
ouf.... and I have to go to office... 
Sniffing, sneezing and generally spluttering my way into the office  #manflu #fb
When the head of the library joins me with a visit to a hospital department etc, I feel like I might as well go with a hoover salesman. 
WTF is the matter with me! I can't stop crying...in the middle of an office this isn't good 
Another long day  about to leave the office!
hungerii  am in the office, going to change then head out for two events tonite.
Oh no, was meant to go to the post office before it closed  hope they don't return my package
On my way in to the office...raining 
it's lonely in this corner of the office without your company   see you tomorrow
I'm wondering why it's such a big deal that I've left my &quot;Out of Office&quot; notice on from last week.  Though I am here, I don't want to be 
twitte block, facebook block..no more surfing in d office 
I have a $15,275 debt owing to the tax office for my uni degree 
back at the office today. 
stayed back in office cos of a meeting ! 
in the office, enjoying some a/c ... wishing I had made time to get some breakfast 
At the doctor's office 
finally made it into the office. I have really been making an effort to be more timely since i'm known for being late 
day one at the new office. at least it's not that hot here anymore. but can't turn up the volume of the tv as i used to 
my office is cold... i've got space heater on this morning. what a waste of energy... 
For my birthday, there is no green tea left in the office and I get to answer phones a whole bunch . 
The paperwork on my desk seems to be multiplying exponentially 
I wish I could sit at my own desk but I guess I have to sit at kyles 
@ the social security office. don't ask why. 
I've got so much post that some one thought i worked in the post office and started asking me about 1st class stamps 
getting bitten by mosquito in office 
@destroytheearth I'm the only one in the office that has just one monitor 
The doctor's office left me a scary message this morning waiting for them to call back 
@BluvnU4evr I dunno if we still have clouds. I'm in a windowless office. 
Finishing up office clean up ... it's amazing how much junk can pile up if you aren't careful 
Trying to keep cool in the office. It's rather warm in here and the air conditioning seems to have stopped 
Sitting at the dentists office 
Being in my office means that I cannot sing at the top of my lungs while I do data work 
Finding too many MS Office 2007's software bugs in first 1 hour of use 
At the doc office 
Just realized the down part of working for a chemical company, spills that smell up my office. 
@flabbyironman i don't think so, the interviews were on the shelf a while, but compared to other things in this office not that long 
@lisam75 must have been some other fat cyclist - didn't leave the office till 5.40 today 
@carol7888 no it was just on the street  I wish it would come to my office!!
is sick, has an appointment at 6, and hasn't finished cooking yet. 
@tangowhisky hmm well apparently there's no midnights tonight? I called and talked to the lady in the box office. 
No more sun in my office for the next 5 month! They stole it! 
@clarionjulie Only happeren in the Head Office building 
i'm wearing the new abaya to the office today. too bad Zahrein already went to office earlier-he didnt see me in it 
I think I may be falling apart, or perhaps I just held my breath too long, but I actually fainted at the doctor's office today. 
At the office. This causes frown face.   
@KrIsTaRoGeRss hello I'm here for the coroners office dui class no play... 
Office emptied for lunch, feel like I can breathe for first time today. Too many bitty endofterm jobs and loose ends, no time to write 
@kanika1386 by d way they stil havent given us coffee at office   
revamping network in the office..one meeting after the another 
All the guys in the office are playing hacky sack. I joined in but kicked it into the blinds. I've been banned.  #productivefriday
off to dentist .. appointment not at 2:30 
Another long day in the office, and still not completed  #fb
This weekend is different... I have to come to office for vm-oncall 
Marvellous. I've just discovered that as of 1pm I will be the only assessor in the office, covering the phones and the counter 
it's beer o'clock and still in the office 
is returning her office key... waaaaaah, it's official.... I'm no longer BC'ers...  http://plurk.com/p/124s0y
@benji_84 Nothing very exciting at all i'm afraid.  I just work in an engineers office doing admin and reception. What do you do?
I feel sleeeeepy n find it hard to sit in front of PC screen the whole day in the office... 
Giving credit where due: our tax office was pretty helpful and efficient today. I filed with ease but am poorer too  Donations welcome.
installing Office 2007 sp2, joy(!) wish i was playing with a shiny new iPhone, but sadly i'm not.... 
#pune Palkhi on the main roads causes a 1.5 hr delay in reaching office 
Ah - been back in the office 3 hours - 1500 mails to do and everyone moaning - I feel my tan fading already 
@aparnaandhare my good friends are also in office. The issue is that there is their respective ones  lolz
Hot shower then off to the office for renovations work 
Finishing up in the office, then exit interview...  Then on the road again...
Trying to avoid shoulder pain at my desk @ the client's office. 
Something smells seriously STANK in my office right now....making me want to puke!! 
Being an office chair potato 
@kanika1386 Be glad you have an office. These days there are few of us who can claim the same 
packing my desk up. 
The office is rather quiet on such a hot day... 
Has to come in to the office tomorrow... 
http://twitpic.com/7tmya - doctors office. they put u in that lonely room to wait. 
i think everyone in this office has an iphone except me  #squarespace
I would rather be outside with the dogs and a sprinkler than inside the office 
@MariaBalac not as bored as I am in the office all alone 
There is no one here in the office... 45min to go 
I will never ever configure the dom0 remotely again.. just had to drive with my bike to the office to restart the networking 
Not in the desk. 
@xoxoJL same desk different location. don't like it. 
crap..! I must go to the office today.. 
At the office.  booo
Still working @ dad's office 
One fish died...  working in office on a saturday...
@anomit LOL! No.. I was just expressing how badly I like to get up early. I don't even get up at 8, how can I reach office by that time 
   This magazine story just broke my heart at the dentist's office today:  http://tinyurl.com/ngbq2c
Badly want to watch wimbledon... timings clashing with office 
@patelkav @hackinmage @rishinpatel  just called the administration office on behalf of all 4 of us.  but they're closed today 
sitting in the dr. Office with akiko fever of 101 
Wishing I was outside playing verus in the office working 
is at the doctors office. 
reached office... sunday working 
going to tax office tmrw, hope i dont have to pay more 
Sundays and office just don't mix well, do they?? 
Bad day at the office 
dr office... hopefully finding out why i've been so sick  it's so hard to keep my eyes open
@jdnorton i wish you had a downtown office. 
Sitting in the drs office...waiting my turn.    why do they make you wait for something you don't even want to do?
At the doctors office 
At the wonderful drs office.  http://twitpic.com/84hgb
@seanhfitz how can BP be any worse then the joker in office now?  
@bethoneil that sucks  you should close the office early!
i have a fever of 102.5. i already went to the auto parts store, post office, dr. office and pharmacy. now i need to clean the house. ugh 
skipped the post office today and not going to transformers until thrusday now  still cant wait to see it!
F to the Y to the I: I'm now home, but my stupid phone is still @ the office, so don't bother calling or texting me tonight. 
Oh come on customer, I want to go home!  It looks lovely out and I've sat in this air-conditioned office all day   
Listening to the rain in her office..... If only I had a window to see it 
The heat in the office is office is making my midgy bites worse!  itchy itchy itchy
At the doctors office 
@CBrooker my office is an ice box also 
why does it ALWAYS take so long for someone in my doctors office to call me back 
doctor's office 
Having fun pretending to be unemployeed. About to go to the office to check some emails 
My office looks like a tornado ripped through it. 
@MaDiSoNsTaR lmao!!!!!!!!!!! i trying real hard not to put my head down on the desk and go to sleep..but my boss is in the office w\me 
Turning 28 has so far landed me in the doctor's office. I feel so tired. 
@Polishedposh no clouds in my office 
Headed home. As of today I have no desk. I moved my replacement into my desk today. I'm gonna miss that desk. 
@ChillyOATL  i cant today!!! i'm stuck at the office!
No sooner than I leave the office with the hopes of going on vacation early I realize I forgot a major task. I guess I'll be back 2morrow 
@sasefina And when you come out of it and realize you're at the office... cause for emote:   
I feel like I'm being baked in an oven... and that's in the office, which is supposed to be my escape from the hot outdoors. 
Evening like this I feel so lonely, How could i forget my charger in office 
@AKGovSarahPalin I find it ironic and disgusting that they are attacking you while the president puts tax cheats in office. 
so delirious... still at the office...  another long night.  yiiiikes! 
is still at his old desk. 
Arrrggghhh, i want my wallet bak!!!!!!  I started crying in da teachers office!!
@TammyJean i don't remember that  i've been going through office withdrawals ever since i've been kicked out of my room haha.
in Office again.. 
@mickiep21 very well thanks, and you? Not a great day to be stuck in the office though! 
H1N1 scare and hence working from home. Missing Office. 
Office 2007 instalado 
i'm in office... working working working... uff!!!! 
the ac in my office is not cooling my cabin...damn it's hot in here 
its raining and i have to come back to office...i hate this 
Feeling lonely today, and not just because Squidge is out of office 
I hate queuing in the post office. 30 mins just to post a letter. 
I don't care what they say about me. I just don't when them to question my office's competence 
I'm gonna miss my desk here in the office!  today turned out to be such an emotional day...i feel happy and sad to leave my office desk.
Looking around the office, we sure don't look like we are on high alert. I hope I can finish my lung 
stayin late in the office .. emergency fix 
At work( in office 29,9 degrees) 
i hate being on call...was paged at 4, couldn't log onto my pc or get in touch with coworker, had to drive to office and run job manually 
#WeAreStupid what worries me most, these are gov't employees from an office building across the street, and they're REGULARS in the store 
Working and wants a radio in the office 
Why am I always stuck in the office when there is glorious sunshine outside 
To nice to be sitting in the office, wish i was in the beer garden 
@ditski samaaaaaaaaaa....  still in office iam rite now beb...
Sitting in the office, thinking about my cat, I wish I didn't have to give her away 
Getting ready... Then dentist appointment. 
Muscles aching today.  Office is hurting my back 
Hey, hello and good morning! I'm back in the states and back in the office, which makes me so sad 
Working at the office today. I miss my house and my setup. 
preparing for documentary filming later, office ready, staff ready, but construction crew destroying the sidewalk just outside our door 
Sitting in the doc's office waiting for them to retake my blood pressure 
@JamesParrish I can see outside from my office window. It's not the same  I am jealous x
At the doctors office 
such a pleasant day and i m in the office... 
Is waiting at the doctors office to get a shot 
in the waittin room at the doctor's office wanttin some food.... 
open office being silly today. keeps crashing me out #wastedtime 
Clearing out my desk! 
it's a lil disheartening to see everyone in the unemployment office looking so put together. damn recession hitting us all. 
it's the weekend and i'm still in the office at my desk 
@thedailygriff no way    I'll be out of the office
@rainnwilson Are you working on any new films? Having no new episodes of 'The Office' really kills me 
Unbelievably hot in the office today and the fan is just circulating hot air 
I been sleep in my office all morning. still don't feel good  but I guess I should work now.
Ugh I'm sick again!  I'm blaming it on my office....it's always FREZING in there.
@aimeenbarnes I'm actually referencing office worker situations. This is pervasive in the culture. sad 
standing in the richardson office changing a backup tape... I'm such a work-a-holic! 
injected with office coffee 
@scenariogirl I know one dog friendly office  We are working there. 
@louisepb You've come to the right place. I own an office interiors company!  How big would you like your desk?
@yiiee it was a hot one at the desk for me too 
@rdaniels thx! already got a pic for folks back at the office to laugh at 
@meetsamer with a lens 18-105 , the reseller such a sweet guy, will deliver it to me to the office directly 
important meetings happening all over the office, and i'm not needed in any of them.  YES!
I have my fb and yoville back at the office! 
is force-feeding The Office to her dad... watch me make him like it 
Moving office is never fun .. but is always rewarding in the end! 
loves watching the other seasons of the office  makes me happy
@Jewelsmyfav I will send that when I get into the office tomorrow. 
@axon ah! you're in office too! nice 
urgent server maintenance over the weekend appears to have taken down the internet for everyone at the office.  except me 
I love the Office 
Having a serious office de-clutter and sort out now the nice new carpet is in, so exciting 
At least today, Home Office 
interview on wednesday for an office asisstant  waaayyy
@moming2k Congrats! Office warming party please! 
getting ready to go to the office and sell some cars 
Outside working in the garden office 
@7breaths_ What I'd like to see is a picture of his desk at the patent office where he worked when he came up with most of his ideas. 
@lisasolomon If I spent more time at home, I could just go to the gym  I think i'll have to wait until I can get a bigger office @ my firm
on way to office for meeting re IT and paperwork....not very interesting, apologies 
grrrrrrrrrrr traffic. time to get to office. later 
is about to leave the office in a while  http://plurk.com/p/pbz3u
is watching the office season 3, and about to watch russel brand 
@dine78 pictures as I wanna see the new office. 
@lpi I think it may open at noon. It is in a large storage/office building  It would be wonderful to meet you!
@mroyall never leave your office unattended at lunch time! 
@hacool and were I in a position of having a library big enough to roam in...   
@AlexisNeely don't know yet have to get to my office and take inventory 
Every office deserves casual Fridays. 
@ohradiogirl I meant for you, eat them on the way to the dentist office for a cleaning haha make them earn their money 
The home office is starting to come together very nicely 
I love The Office.  hahahaha.
@grentone Yes i am!  off to the office in a few minustes.  How bout you sir? 
watching the office......... also comedy gold 
it's nice to leave the office when the sun is still up 
@rhettroberts haha best thing about office birthdays hey 
another bank holiday out of the office 
third driving lesson then back to the office 
@Danielindra actually,we r going there in june with my office colleagues,paid by company  
out of office on business....needed the get away 
Watching some good episodes of the Office 
box set of the us office - happy out 
@illclairvoyant I think I will make my own studio/office someday, when we own a home. 
upgrading to ubuntu 9.04 on my office desktop..  
im out of the office and I really love to rest!!! 
that's why I come into the office: meetings 
@francescao oh i would if i could. but this is my office laptop 
I need better speakers in my office. The little ones on my desk just don't provide enough bass  
@ w0rk..blasting @LadyGaga in my office  
watchin' the season finale of The Office, let's hope it's good! 
@JamieEBirch does that represent a typical day @ the office 
back in action at the office ... exploring business opportunites... who said that we're in crisis?? 
So now is only one hour left! We 'll leave the office now - as usual too late  And will head straight 2 Fahrenheit 100. C U there!
@no_fixed_office  indeed. keep your head up 
@LeslieCraig did you get your pics out of the tootsie's office yet? don't forget!!! 
Just chose furnishings for the new office.. really excited.. desks gonna have an dark look..  getting myself a nice cubicle as well 
@fortepianissimo my office used to be wifi unfriendly. Now it has changed. 
Working at the desk. I could get used to this! 
http://twitpic.com/5eynj - Office Office. Truer picture 
just got to the office now...damn was the traffic bad...howdy all... 
@Silverlines : i gave up on working on holiday. now I'm lost in the office. i don't really mind though 
Watching the new office, pretty funny so far...good night 
while watching The Office season 2 
@yaelww WOW your are breaking records of coming late to the office 
My manager's daughter is in the office today  8-y-o girl that will be bored to death on the computer. I gave her pencils and paper 
Leaving the office now for home - continuing with work 
@annejulieart I'm right back from the post office, I've just shipped your brooch 
@pappe_it_is well not really.. this is my main office .. i try to run off whenever i can to the temp one 
new office at work, viva the financial crisis..  now 30 peoples (and more than 60 computers) in a big open space 
Honestly?  getting to work at 6:45 was really nice when you like the campus, office, coffee. 
I wish i were in mauritius... chilling in the sun.. but the office will do for now 
Already at the office. 11 minutes since I left home 
I'm feeling nice today; I think I'll bring pastries to the office. 
Is getting ready to finish these earrings and make some more. A trip to the post office to mail an order is also in store. 
So I have all of one class today: office aide. I like this!! 
post office, wal mart, gym ... what a lovely day off 
last 15 min @the office  and then straight to the fitness center!
Office alarm just warned us about severe weather. Apparently sunshine is dangerous these days  
This mornings temporary office  - http://mobypicture.com/?pou69o
just starting to work @ office... puh! so tired! 
@ickleoriental i hv been thinking of getting some green for my ofc desk! now i think i need to re-consider! 
Feeling good - we've got cakes in the office!!! 
Alleine im Office 
about to rain outside...total blackout...lights just switched off in office, and it's absolutely quiet. I love it! 
@jpl1953  Still not arrived - I keep walking through to the office to check the driveway!! - I even have a notice on the door!! how sad 
@MissBianca76 wow...thats a pretty crazy schedule! Lots of coffee for you  Am sorting out papers in office...not fun! Is raining outside.
Gratifyingly warm welcome back from people in the office. It's nice to be missed 
http://twitpic.com/5omqw - office smoking zone 
We should play ????? in office man!! HAHAHS! 
Moving to the new office today 
@codeeater because your office is not next door to them 
Waiting for my beautiful appointment 
&lt;----- is back in the office and on line 
@champnova leisure with office mates 
#followfriday  people are filing up to enter the mosque next to my office.
Office 2010 in 39 days 
@crawlspace is bastard ex-boss still in your old office? I could come along and try to loom menacingly in the background if you like 
out of office replies on and away we go for half term 
@2hp hey jack. It's cindy @cindeelean. I'm one of the #Biztechday staff. We met before at your office during an meetup organizer meetup 
Bout 2 go 2 lawyer office 2 pick up paperwork 
@sawani http://livevideo.t20.com/ you can view the match sitting in office too. 
@MoosePeterson I'm with @Landaliyn... your morning office pics make me smile! 
Just had a fight with the reservation office... and I managed to win 
gonna be at church office for a lot longer... photocopying next months news letter as the office person is away... fun 
will now stand around looking at the stupidly pretty dawn. our offices have a ridiculously good view of the ocean 
Watching the office and painting. 
@thecolorblue but if you're looking for a show to watch, The Office is the best 
'lunch'ed out and walked to the office. drenched in sweat now. 
@miakrak the Office is like a mental hot tub though.  
In the batangas with @ericapelaez @kcnics mariel, elle, bettina  watching filming in moms office )
@mediahunter you can certainly choose a good office location, can't you 
@DaveChomitz  good luck with the paperless office!  They also said we'd never need more than 20 meg of hard disc space, too 
A customers experiment is unfolding at our office.. This is really exiting - this could change their future 
@DJTygerLilly technically 130p but come anytime  got office to my lonesome
