Most common words for this cluster:
[('oh', 214), ('darn', 184), ('gosh', 170), ('i', 142), ('ahhhh', 112), ('alright', 101), ('day', 78), ('today', 76), ('time', 73), ('dammit', 71), ('lol', 66), ('oops', 65)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Oh', 0.849692702293396), (u'Hey', 0.8171836733818054), (u'Uh', 0.7982826828956604), (u'Okay', 0.7908919453620911), (u'Whadda', 0.790209949016571), (u'@_ESPN_Michelle', 0.7857304811477661), (u'Uhhhh', 0.7855969667434692), (u'Pause.', 0.7789745926856995), (u'Hee_hee', 0.7783170342445374), (u'Uhh', 0.7755298018455505)]





Gosh  It is raining in summer cause of the global warming?
@SamShepherd Darn, I don't seem to be very good at this 
@Yourmumsmabitch Well I was there for quite a bit when your car stopped working :p Damn I forgot about your car sorry  Poor thing
Apparently got both parents sick. Oops. 
@magnla Uhhhhh, Spring arrived a week or two ago, and then left.  Heh.
@SwampTroll Oh I just looked at that while eating my Frosted Flakes.  
@TomFelton Oh Tom, my pancake hopes have fallen flat  Oops, there's that &quot;Draco Malfoy&quot; stare. Better get back to work.
About to walk through the gates of hell and rot for 6hrs with hundreds and hundreds of students. Ahhhh!!!!!! I hate it here 
@laylakayleigh oh Jeez, by looking in the mirror i guess, my reflection looks like a tall pale ET. 
Headahes and scary nightmares!!! Ahhhh don't wanna fall asleep 
Alright, well, I spent all of yesterday again far away from my computer   But today! Today I shall come back to twitter and all of you. 
Just spilled my starbucks all over my desk at work. Dammit 
@biiscuiitz Oh NOW you want to speak.  Hmph! Yess. I'm done puts me in my place. I'm actually listening to that now. Get out of my iTUNES!
I would be sending out an e-mail blast right now, if I had solid internet   Darn you, #TimeWarnerCable!
Whew!! A hot day at the Ren Faire  glad to be back home!!
I just became that annoying girl who talks on her cell phone while she is checking out. Oops! 
@SLyvettexoxo   I am horrible huh? I will work on it I promise!
Dammit....Giants lose 
Got Damnit! Who's smart Idea was it to wait until The Last fuckin 24 Hours to do 5 term papers??? Oh wait.... that'd be ME! 
Gosh there is nothing on tv 
Guh, my ear hurts, my throat hurts, it's hot, and I missed part of the new SNL.  Darn it.
@dannywood Oh, that's great. Heard some of your solo stuff and I like it. Unfortunately I can't find your CD's anywhere over here... 
@rrrrobby Damn, Okies.  Oh wells. :/ Sooo, what's up?
@BW101 I know right? Ever since they released it I've been wanting them to perform it  That, and The End! Jeesh.
Damn, I'l stop my Blip.FM stuff for a while. Just gained 5 spammers. 
Got back from Flogging Molly.  Holy Shit it was FUCKING awesome.  Well, apart from having to defend Kinsey all Night.  No Mosh for her. 
Darn I'm so anxious. 
Eh Feeling Like I Did Sumink Rong But Been Told I Havent So Confussed 
@LucyKD Ohh honey, I'm sorry. Give her a hug from me,  
@wabbitoid Yes. Happened yesterday in race. Dog cut me off &amp; I fell hard 
Latrophobia= fear of doctors.  And I have to see the family doc tomorrow for a regular check-up.  Yikes!  
@jeremy_helton Where's my name?  Dammit. Celebs overtake everything. tv, news, jail cells, foreign babies, and now twitter too.
Gosh, today is soooo effing horrible because its raining  me no like like rain :p
Grrrr. Im watching the Natalee Holloway Movie and the thing keeps freezing up. Damn Network. Just missed the end cause of it. 
@amykaawaloa ugh, no kidding. 
I don't get any of thissssss!!!  Ahhhh I'm going to go insane.  I hate calculus. 
@TommyLind &quot;Coffee machine broken?!!&quot; Worst three words in the English language--OK, in ANY language!!! 
@LarryWentz Oh okay. Thank you very much for clearing that up! Never owned a cat though  Darn.
Gosh, im gunna miss mac n' cheese while im gone... 
Gosh...my back is hurting. 
oh Darn! Mibbit is still banned from the Ustream Network 
Darn computer, the volume randomly goes all the way up. Yes, Brendon Urie, I like your voice, but I don't want it breaking my eardrums. 
Geez... bad night. 2yo got sick in car, yuck, up all night sick. Wife getting it now. I HAVE to be at the office by 8am. 
On my way to work. Gosh, I hate Mondays! 
@loveshockx3 HAHAHA. Alright Mommy. 
Darn it. LiveJournal is down. 
Suppose I best go to exam room. Cya in 3 hours! 
@goodenufmother  Oh yeah and they found it two days after my jazz show.  Ticked me off!!!    But I'm okay now   Good luck!
Argh. Third time I've lost an entire forum post on meetup.com via combination of ajax + a failure to set a stupid session cookie  #fail
Darn what a day yesterday and what a weekend. Couldn't br any worse 
@brwoolley nope. Feels like I've been living to work lately 
I'm killing these Junior Mints! Okay I'm done. Oops...Oops...Oops. Okay there gone.... 
Now I'm up and wide awake!!! Darn mid evening naps...have you up all night 
Darn!!!!! I missed the broadcast.   
@bslistener man, now my feelings are hurt  Not as cool as bobby? Darn...
Gosh!  Fast food isn't really working to my advantage right now... All I want is a chocolate shake 
@KittyKar Ahhhh did they   sorry to hear that!!
Ohhh nice shower... Needed that to clear my head before work! Half an hour to go 
On way to Harrisburg w/ the fam. Not happy about it. Darn Madre &amp; her guilt trips &amp; nagging 
slept in by 40 minutes. Darn body for thinking that I NEED to be up at 7 
Ahhhh... I can't wait to leave! I'm so bored. 
@RedMummy Oops... my fault for opening my mouth.... obviously spoke too soon. 
BTW - Who in the eff wakes up at 6:30 a.m. on a saturday?? Me! 
@dawn_dewar it was a stupidly slow day  but home now ... Ahhhh let the chilling commence.
I Want Revenge scratched the morning of the Derby  Oh well someone else better win convincingly today so the Preakness is exciting
Whoa it's 1.27 noon but I still can't sleep! And I'm starving 
Gosh dangit! I-5 is dead stop too. Poo. 
@Kelly_StrayCat Whoa...why are you telling on me? 
I guess I'm going to sleep. I don't want to but ipod is dying on me  night. Darn I wanted to stay on the forum. Oh well off to dream land
Grrrr!!! Seems that my hayfever has returned!! Thought I'd got away with it 
@Klubfiller OK Maybe I wont catch you there - Apparently I wont be there till 9... Grrr!!  Have a good'un man
Lady Gaga supporting Take That the nights we're there - god can it get any WORSE than that ?  Oh 3 weeks today! ;)
Gosh.....desperate housewives is turning into a soap  -_-
Darn rain! I bet my game will be canceled 
GRRRRRRRRRR! Alright, i think i'm done with my venting. 
@jen333 omg! You're right! A friend told me it was today and since my kids aren't with me today, I didn't bother to check! Haha! Phew 
Love ya too. &lt;3 Oh and BTW the song that you write about me and Yosi lost and I can't find him  Write me a new one? %%
I was just reminded about graduation. Ohhh man i started tearing up. I'm going to miss all my friends so much. Things won't be the same 
Sooo tired and sore. Idk whats wrong with my foot. Back hurts from last night. Ha. Going to dad's house. This sucksss! 
Ahhhh.... I'm in sooo much pain  this suckssssss
@americanindie Oi - I'm so glad blip.fm works on my PC so I can actually hear the music. Darn site doesn't work on my laptop 
Tired of everyone fighting. Just be mature adults and suck it up! Gosh. I can be more mature than you. So much for setting an example. 
Ate today!  Probably gained a couple pounds too.  
Gosh! fame makes believe to celebrities that they're more than us....that's sad 
I wish I could go to bamboozle!!  Darn my lack of living in the U.S-ness!
@JoeDanja Oops sorry! But I am sooo tiredddd 
FINALLY finished with that damn stupid golf class - paper done, stress eliminated.  Whew...  the paper kinda sucks though... 
@samaliksi Yea. Haha. Yumm yumm yumm =P~ How's your finger? 
*Keeping Cook and his family in my prayers.. Gosh, why in the world did that happen?  So unfortunate...
@bridgeymah Oh, but I like ELO.  Okay, he sings Foreigner, HOT BLOODED. That would rock my little world. Harpy sings ABC, The Look of Love
Yeah, totally drunk after 5 beers later and ummmm...cool band! Me = lightweight. Sorry for the massive tweets everyone  #Ladytron
I'm mad  I now have the munchies .. Uggh I'm to high to drive anywhere. Gosh be a great time eat some late night Oreo ice cream. Mmm lol
@chewwbear Oh yeah...lobsters! My dad asked me to buy him a fresh one. Yikes! Weather's not good.  Be going back in June. Yey!
Morning ! Whoops managed to kill another bloody plant in the garden 
I forgot to par boil the potatos! Oops!  dinner is going to be AGES!!!
@bgarrett1960 Darn it I missed all the fun again  lol
Ahhhh !!   TotallySweet.biz is goin no where 
Gosh... 3 more hours...  at least those three hours will give me $30 bucks
Phew I am unable to reach the target for the day..! 
Finally motivated myself and got my chest of drawers for bedroom put together. Phew - knackered now! Hand is wrecked from my screwdriver 
@Amraz Oops...did you forward my number? I told you you could...I'm sorry!! 
@Hate1990 Oh that blows   Can you buy the 'brain' from somewhere? Is there a spare parts division? Lol. That sounds retarded.
Im Really Sad Cuz Mi Uncle Gone Cant Wait To C Yuu Again!!! 
@Sweetnote Oh COFFEE! Whoops! I missed that part! I'm sorry. Thought you were talking perfumes! My bad 
I couldn't slept properly again last night... Ahhhh,bad stuffs keep haunting me for the whoooole night! 
@TheLonely Gosh, sorry. ::Gentler hug:: There! 
@Samosaur Darn you! Also, wtf are you? 
@xos3cr3tsox Ahhhh, I know! It's so fucking sad. 
Darn it, back to studying 
Gosh, I really want to sleep in! But can't  I have to work tomorow at 11 then monday have to be at the school by eight to decorate for
Just packed up the car- Now i'm crying on the couch   Thinking about leaving now..i'm bad with goodbyes. Eh, it's 2 am. Ahhhhhhh
@LucD22 Ahhhh, having fun ? I dont have any kit to play with it on 
My throat hurts  Gosh
Guh, I wanted a lie in  Stupid sisters alarm clock.. Oh well. I guess I'll just start revising psychology now.. :\
@eyealaskafans http://twitpic.com/4p7in - Dammit!! I wish I could go. 
this coming from... @Bianca_Bonnett: Ummmm u can be gentleman but not during tht act.  Tis better to wait. Better long term results
@Linzi_Weir 45p a text?! Ouch! Damn ch5? Dont think ima be home to see it  bad times.
Darn it less than one month and we have school already!More school=less Beyonce.Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
Grrr Hangover  Havin a lazy sunday watchin skins and the gadget show on demand Yeah Bwoii!!!
@jeffkang Whoa no kidding?  I was there too - I was eating buttery popcorn so I didn't get to check my phone. 
I stepped on a sewing pin   Darn textiles.
Dammit! Still too much pain to go back to work 
Happy Mommy's Day! My Mommy's across the country  Calling her now. Oh I guess I should call the Stepmommy too.
ARGH Stupid woman!! I mean come on I'm half her size and I have an ass, damn what the hell  I miss him. Oh well
im feeling that the the the the the, THAT got me fucked up?! Damn im fcking stupid. Now i feel bad 4 what i did 
Alright. 
@stinginthetail Ooops 
Gosh everyones mad at me 
Ahhhh.. Really Magic?!? Grr 
@sinnthetic no kidding. 
Okay guys I have work hella early in the morning  TTYL I heart u guys so much !! Sleep good, be safe! X0xo http://twitpic.com/4yrb9
@AZNKIM Whoa you seem a bit upset 
Oh, you're not?  what does her tumblr say? Aha
Up late again.. Gosh i cant seem 2 finish da research paper.. ive only completed 4 pages out of 8  Torture 2morrow!! Its my last chance
Dammit!  It's a @wootoff and I'm broke, as usual when it's a wootoff. 
@LLUniqueChris FYI...I've been up all night &quot;trying&quot; to get work done. Ima be in the library all day 2morrow 
@Mad_Alec Ooo! Question! Y'know sketchbooks at WHSmiths? Are they good for markers or do they bleed? I handed all mine into my art c/w 
Darn, speakers was hospitalized just before he had to take off to Seoul 
Bf just left  But it time for bed Yah!!!! So tired from waking up early! Goodnight
@SarahFTW I gain and lose about 5 followers a day. Darn bots, I'm living for the day that I'll be followed by a real person 
Ohhhh Nooo Jimmy!! Your Better Than That!! 
Attempting to debug a rather randomly produceable multitouch bug. Darn. 
@productthespic okayyyy! Gosh 
@MindyArtist Yea, I lost a bunch of work yesterday. Same issue. Auto recover was not so nice to me. 
@Em_ilyxXx Yeah =\ I mean Just My Luck was a starting point for Yanks and as soon as they became known McFly had already gone home   Xx
Plans got ruined  what to do....hmmmm?
Ahhhh a wisdom tooth is growing in and its very uncomfortable 
Ahhhh i need to go to bed soon.. im tired but not tired since it was a pretty crappy weather today, it made me sad..  ? weird
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is. My mom thinks I have a Katy Perry haircut. Hmmmmm. Can't talk to andy on the phone. Hmph. 
@RyanAkaIMTF ohh i see. LIke throwing broken bottles at people? yeah relationships kinda suck. Guys usually  wanna control me 
*thoughts inside my head* Gosh I'm trying so hard not to be an asshole 
@zzeroparticle Btw, I once ranted in my blog about nobody getting a reference to Waiting for Godot. I think it happens a lot 
Alright so the whole fising thing didn't happen instead we saw the saddest thing a seal that looked very ill on the beach 
Alright i'm heading to bed now i have to be up in less the 4 hours  
@tophatdog Gosh i saw the vid, also saw him after surgery, breaks my heart  is he alright now? xx
Alright twitts I think I need to lay it down I have to start moving in a few hours  @guerillamilk don't be late tomorrow! I will need help
Okay: I really did shed a few tears for the Grey's Anatomy season ender 
@tertia http://twitpic.com/5cpu6 - This is the most adorable goody I've seen in a LOOONG time! Dammit, I'm all broody and stuff 
@Mum_of_Six Stop it I just had breakfast !! Wait a minute !! Oh no ! That's a waste  Mashed toast anyone?
@WeareTHATfamily Oh no! I hope he's OK. Not a fun way to start your birthday 
Ahhhh. I just can't get it together. I haven't gotten a good night sleep since this season started 
@ItsPaigePenales Whoa. :| Mean naman. 
I SO need caffeine right now, but I can't have any.    Dammit.  I hate mornings.
Gosh . . . exam leave is boringggg! 
@ABruce33  So you going with this , huh? Haha
My stomach hurts this morning. Yuck-o. Maybe because dinner was 3 Tecates, a 1/2 bucket of popcorn, a large Coke and a Miller. Ick. Ick. 
Ahhhh, sweet relief. Couch, blanket, sleep. But not until I've filled in @itsllgonewrong's matrix 
Pain pain go away!!! Come again... NEVER!! Ugh! In so much pain I can't walk.. 
@sarahlarson Alright, fair enough, sweetie... 
@mrbananacheeks Darn lol! That means I can't sing  next time, do one with the Team!
Headin out to the highway. Hmm reminds me of a song.... Peeerfect day for a ride. GPS is still fritzd probly gonna end up w a repair bill 
Slept through church. After my week of hell i needed some worship and a word.  i never sleep past eight. What the Heck!?!
Stankonia is hurt  Darn DC thieves. Momma's gonna take care of her baby. Feel better soon.
Argh.. Late again on monday 
Ahhhh always spilling coffee 
Dammit I forgot my museli bar! I'm hungry 
Hmm Live Mesh needed to be closed and re-opened in order to sync 
Okay then dog, we walk, but if i collapse from uber temperature, drag my ass home by the neck scruff. Fucker 
Ahhhh, don't you just hate packing? I know I do 
I can't sleep! Darn the effen coffee. One cup too many 
@gambitfauri Nope, working with @hostgator today to see if I can get it to work.  Something wrong with the WOO Theme I think 
Gosh its hard to come back to work after a fab weekend       xx
Kinda wishing he had entered the @Cannes_Lions Youtube contest. Suddenly had some amazing ideas having seen the brief! 
@vondaskelton Boo HOO!  Wish I WERE there!   Maybe next time!  Have a fantastic week Vonda!
huh. sudeenly got sad 
Morning all!  Raining here today.... Wich means slow day at work im sure  Oh well, more time to get tasks done! Have a great day everyone!
@HzNKzM huh! why did it stop? what happened 
@Croc_Hunteress Damn Swifts!  Was it a good game to watch? Actually, Im sure u'll say yes because u won, haha.
@chux0r You'll get a lot of shots of my fingers on the keyboard. ;)  Also, I just realized I forgot my phone. Dammit. 
Late for the gym (drinking coffee) had freaking odd nightmares all night. Darn earthquake... back on my strict diet today...  
Gosh i soo wanna watch 90210 and reaper but the episodes aren't out 
@LostInInaka Oops, you also  
@eliteforce Ouch man, thats not cool at all  I'll stick to Reason! Apparently the warpings supposed to be better in 8 tho?
@ladyspeaker Ouch! I hope you're okay.  Yep. Heels are the invention of a misogynistic man.
@ladyspeaker Ouch! I hope you're okay.  Yep. Heels are the invention of a misogynistic man.: @ladyspeaker Ouch.. http://tinyurl.com/pet794
 but idk, he like doesn't even want to be my friend,? Cause i'm trippin? Idk. It's his fault. And i can't handle it. Ughh. I Wanna Move!
Morning all. I think I'll spend today looking at job ads then go to the pub. Darn, I've something else on ... what is it ... oh aye work 
Whew... can't sleep w/o him 
@daveaisling Yikes, don't envy you that  Twats are everywhere, though!
@Catmoo Oops, just realised it clashed with Glastonbury, I guess I can't go 
Ewww are these tears falling from my eyes because I'm leaving Hawaii? Just when Lilo Stitch and I were becoming bestfriends  *boarding*
Gosh I'm so nervous for my test.  And I'm waking up early tomorrow to start it.  Hopefully I do good with 2 hours of sleep.  
Darn. Why do this little Swiney flu have to reach the Philippines. I'm feeling sorry for that ten year old girl 
Holy Crap! Who is this @MetaKongNewYork - you just SPAM'd me.  Not nice 
Pttt, Seems Grader is still down 
Ohhh nice paintball kit for sale on 1day. Pity I don't really need it 
I was just informed via DM that my followers that don't tweet with me are scared of me..Huh? Why? I'm super sweet and very nice! Hmph!  
Good morning everyone!  Okay I pinched my finger this morning with my seatbelt, now i have a little blood bubble on finger! Ouch! 
Solving the cube again.. lol. Oh boy. Man. I got paid SHIT this payday.  Going to beat @shaycarl and order 8 patties on a big mac!
Stuck in traffic AGAIN! This time on the M42! Grrrr!! 
Darn, twitter shrunk the link  There's a functionality in wikipedia that randomly send you to a page. It's called 'Random Article'
Gosh I want sleep without barking dogs waking me up  I still feel tired
@murderDanielle Awwwww. Well i have bigger issues. I'm very depressed for Lolly 
Whew I'm hungry now 
Alright, so worse than a girl being unclear about a date is a girl canceling our date the night before it happens. I stand corrected. 
Owch. Really Itchy... 
Dammit.......... @jonathanrknight must hate me by now!!!!!  I should just stay quiet..............
I'm not going to CIF tomorrow  Darn you, motherrrr.
@santhoshtr Oops 
Whoa the train is packed 
Gosh I ate too much ice cream now my teeth hurt  .. I'm so fat.
my house mate ran over our budgie's foot!! I hope he's ok  Darn bird is too trusting!!!
*Phew* just submitted my module selections, that was tough, back to revision for Accounting *sigh* two exams in less than 24 hours 
Alright, i want to go out tonight. we'll see... 
Ahhhh i don't like lightning. It scares me 
http://twitpic.com/65y8e - Fw: Nooo! The red ring of death 
Okay. Seriously. I wanna sleep.  Idk if I'll be online tomorrow cause of my dad.  Love you guys. Goodnight.
@LockonRyan9 Dammit, I wish I could be ther, but my ride backed out 
@fourpetesake i'm too predictable huh 
Ugh. Darn it woman! She's going to bed but she's not letting me watch anymore until tomorrow! She doesn't want ME to know before she does 
@lednine Oh man...that's like Judgment Day for us. Sorry about that  And yes, I'm watching Terminator right now, thus the reference.
@virginiatits im so sorry love! Gosh i know how that is, and its never fun.  im here for you love.
Darn these allergies! I don't like this time of year because of this! I never used to have this problem either 
My BFF rocking Hotel California now. No @NKOTB songs!  done stay the same. What's next? Hmmm.. Careless whisper!
@paper_hand Oops! I completely forgot! 
@helga_hansen Darn - I just realised &quot;pull the other one&quot; would have been a *far* better response to your name suggestion 
Oops spent too much already lol 50 quid gone 
@RennaSuicide Alright...you missed one crazy party last night 
I didn't get the job at Stuff Magazine  Dammit, that would have been amazing!! Oh well.
Ahhhh I think the rain is gonna begin shortly 
@bookaliciouspam Hey welcome to VA, LOL.  It's muggy up here by DC too.  Worst part of summer I'd say 
Awh, its the last day of the tour  I'll miss hangin w/@sendoutscuds and Children 18:3. Soooo...let's make it an awesome nite in OK!!
Gee I'm totally hatin' this , like for real ! I mean like, duh ! I've studied enough, and all that I need is refreshing tonite ! Hard ? 
Whoops - I got sunburnt 
@tinchystryder .. Eh .. have u never heard of Belfast..? Where like EVERYONE loves you!?! 
@sexxieluv dang....just so far away aren't I?    Darn I'll just have to dream
@sierraphares oh! Yeah,your mom told be about that.  I thought you meant his twitter ID &amp; I was very confused. That sucks. Sick.
Gosh I miss singer's theater.  I miss learning music, doing acting exercises, n I ESPECIALLY miss being onstage.
I woke up an came to the realization that I can put it off as much as I want, but I need 2 drop some friends. Dammit! 
Never made it to the gym so will be doing my blowout sans thong wearing company. Phew! But bummer on missing workout 
   ...  Headed to Hospitol : Had to pull out of the Golf Tourny in 3rd place!!!!!!!!!!! I Think I Re-Ripped something !!! Yeah THAT !!
Off to guitar now! I almost said swim. Phew!! 
Darn all of you! I wish i could watch bgt now, but if i did i wouldn't be able to fast forward through the ads  + dinners very soon..
Ditto that, my friend...BORED! Oops, now I have an exciting problem 
Phew long day and i havent gotten to work yet 
Nobody's home tonight. Except me. Alone. Sigh. Oh how I wish @MysteriousLover was here 
Darn, I had one and it slipped right through my fingers 
Whoa, I didn't mean to sleep for more than an hour 
Darn i dont have guitar tomorrow 
Uhh badddd day. Tired and ready for it to be over 
I have a farmers sunburn! Ahhhh! 
Darn it, I'm craving wedding cake... a craving that's very hard to satisfy with anything else! 
Ahhhh!!!!!! Almost off!!! Can't wait!! But..I got work again rite after this!   HAT CLUB Come &amp;&amp; gimme some Company! Oh &amp;&amp; a Cookie! ;-)
Now that I think about it, when I get to the States they'll probably still be touring so they won't be at home  Dammit!
@itsSamaraMorgan Gosh, no need to be so rude. 
Damn. I had 11 goldfish.  Oh well, that's my dinner. Anyways! Check out my blog yoooo http://weaselbee.blogspot.com/
@ceciliaa_ What did he say about it?? Gosh! I missed the yesterday live chat.. I was at bed.. sick 
Someone out there will soon  be the lucky recipient of my 5000th Tweet. Oh wait. Shit. THIS was it! 
Ahhhh. I just got rid of a cold and now I have one back 
Cleaning up the glass pan that I just dropped on the floor... Oops 
@BohemianWeasel Whoa, what happened, Sonikins? 
One minute to Seven and still up. Darn! this layout it taking forever!! 
@aprilknob Oooh, in the ass.   Ack. Anywhere but there.
Darn youtuber flagged our video  Now the music is disabled! UGH 
I'm hungry and there's nothing good to eat in the house. Dammit. 
@heyyou9974 Umm... &quot;It's Gone&quot;? I feel saddened 
Alright y'all I've been forced, so I'm headed out on the town...damn I really wanna get reacquainted with my bed tho  Oh well. Peace out!
@BigStan4u Darn, I was really hoping the Nuggets would take it 
Alright...I think this game is over 
Darn! I missed it all  Good for Kobe...sad for my Chauncey. At least it was a good series.
@amberlrhea  Gosh, I'm jealous.  I miss my pole.  
@kweeneverything Noooo.  Not enough cash. Haven't even seen Terminator yet. Boo life.
Whoa, my nails are so long! I dont bite them anymore  but they keep breaking 
Damn. Nevermind. I'm not even interested in Leno tonight. And it's his last show. and CONAN is on it.  I must be semi-depressed, boo
The family just left for airport. Darn, i cant follow cos gotta go ngaji  hmph.
Whoa! What happened! I just lost 4 followers! Do I smell???  I was hoping to reach 1000!
Gosh my life is awesome, i just to watch my boyfriend play videogames on a friday night while my brother is at the sounds 
@laurengj Oops I'm so so sorry I miss tweeted. That was for @wendyandlisa 
How embarrassing. We were praying in Spanish &amp; I said Jesus 'cagar' instead of 'cargar' his cross! Whoops! Lots of mid rosary laughter. 
The bus station isn't a good place for a germaphobe. Oops 
@hxchk Hey sweetie! I'm so sorry about your baby boy! Whats going on? Why is he in the hospital?  Praying for you two! Love you!
Ooops should have been 
Abs of summer 2008 ... Ohh how I miss'em  lol 200crunches a night for hrmm a week?! Fast food kills -_-
Yeah, I crack out the Star Trek references. Too bad no one gets them.  Crap! Now, they will. Curse you JJ Abrams!
1 juni PENGUMUMAN AFS! Gosh, for ingles sake i wish i got it 
Ahhhh man this injury to my wrist has kept me outta the gym for nearly 2 weeks!!! One more week and I'll be back, I hope 
@youbeautyclare Oh I am in my sweaty little studio  But Getting Jiggy with It is on the radio, huzzah!
 I feel terrible. Gosh, how do I manage to ruin it so quickly? I've been home for an hour and I've already messed something up!!!!
Dammit, I can't seem to make any icons atm, I just don't like them. 
Argh having to overtime on such a beautiful day!  Plan is to get everything done today for freedom tomorrow! Sods law it'll rain though.
just wishes you would call; unfortunately I got my hopes up again  Dammit Weston.
Easily hungered  Gosh my stomach's producing a tad too mcuh hydrochloric acid
@ukscriptwriter Nope - no Setanta. Means paying money 
jamEz: Dammit I guess he didn't answer my question? 
Oops spoke to soon. 1-1 
Gosh I shpouldnt have told him my darkest secret last night...now he thinks I'm crazy I'm sure!!!  
tired and pusing huh, watching hallmark. bored too 
i am shattered! No more work...until next saturday  Darn! anyway im just watching sonny with a chance online, i need to sooo catch up lol,
@Stinosss31 very bad. huh 
@megxcanxfly Oh! Alright!  If we couldn't make it today, we try tomorrow ok! Cause I'm having fever and hve a major headache atm. 
@jimbojonestown Alright for some...no mpc  no speakers  no energy 
@LachyG Darn it. You did. And my reverse attempt to assassinate you failed miserably 
Ahhhh too many shoes &amp; dress' to pick from  ummmm
Ugg I gotta face the music and mow the grass. Darn the goat or pigmy hipo idea sure sounds better... 
Ahhhh! I gotta sew the top 2 this apron 4 the 3rd time! we should b outside 
Uh oh, Boyle  I wish TVs had a mute button, but for the picture instead of the sound. #bgt
Darn... I think the ice cream man ditched our neighborhood... 
Gosh! Macys doesn't have stuff for skinny people anymore; I can't even find an XS belt for my outfit. 
OK, so that kayak is -uh - made for small(er) people, maybe even a kid.  Darn!  I'll sell it (and all the access.) for $50 - in Igo.
... and no sooner do I make a comment about someone making 0% on my &quot;how well do you know me&quot; quiz, than I do it on two friends'. Oops. 
Up was soo sad  buuut i loved it. Aha i recommend ppl ignore my tweets for today unless u dont mind me spoiling it.
@Rubyletters Yeah!  Sucks - next time. ;) Feel better lovely!
@Inmanyways Darn it! I can't watch your vid either 
@gypsyraven Whoa!!! Looks great!!! I still haven't had time to eat yet today..  I'll have to grab a quick bite before Bourdain 
@tonicate10 Darn 
Alright this facebook thing IS where it's at after all. But I hit my friend invitation limit in 20 minutes and can't add more til later. 
@cabri http://twitpic.com/6ap9n - Oh no! Your baby is all scraped.  I am glad you are OK and hopefully your baby will be fixed soon.
Wishing I were going to The Offspring tonight.  Oh Well. But TBS and Anberlin on Thursday! Awesome!
Ahhhh!!! just did 350 crunches and my abs hurt a lot 
Gosh I wish I was going to prom right now 
My neighborhood is soooo quiet.  Except when it's not.  Shoulda done the heavy-concentration work before the neighbor's party started... 
Why do I miss her so much?  Agh! I wish I was there... Things would be different.
Oops...typeo in that last one... 
Darn movie is sold out 
Gosh, I hate being sick...the tissue box has been my best friend today 
Oh my fucking Jeebus Flies! Dee Wighttington just ruined his post game interview by thanking GOD- 1st and foremost. Great  Really.
@AMomTwoBoys: Have to use H&amp;S  Darn dry scalp. I also regret cutting my hair this short.
@tiffanythai Too late. I've already left  Damn. We were all talking and then my brother and dad walked up. Cool. Sick cock block! Hahah
Ahhhh spicy crawfish flung in my eye!! Felt like I got pepper sprayed!!  All of my eye makeup ran down my face like a scary mary! 
Kind of a waste of a day.    Didn't get much done.  Sigh...  Going to go go watch this movie here in a few.  Yeah...
Darn the lottery.  I even used my lucky penny.
@DavidArchie Ohh and did STYX sing Babe?? Last year in concert they didn't sing it and I was so bummed out!!.. 
In the words of @jordanknight : Tink! Dammit! Why oh why can I NOT sleep in on the weekends anymore! 
Errrr!  I really miss youu.
Pff..feeling bored right now..normally i had to go to dogschool but i'm sick again  #andyhurleyday
Anyone noticed how fast the weekend goes?? Itfees like only just got home from school. Now we have to go back again. Ahhhh   Hurry up holz
Woah. Really hating on this one person atm 
Soooo wishing Spokane wasn't so far, I need a cuddle buddy like now status!!  
yawn 10:52. Darn I forgot theres school tomorrow. 
Alright i tried tht sumthing and it didnt work  haha
@mika_tan  Darn, I can't see it at work.  It must be a MySpace page.  
Saw a horrible chav in my year. Uh. Walking home. I got scones and choc chips. &lt;3 home in 20 minutes. I dont want to walk up the hill. 
Had a late breakfast. Watchin tv. Gosh I miss uni!  http://myloc.me/2b0B
Phew ...i love Sundays !...................Law firms have crazy timings, no social life at all 
Ahhhh sinus pressure. I sucks being sick, cause I can't talk or sing... 
In the garden doing some maths revision, oh the joys! But I have burnt shoulders, already  Dammit! ..
@frogst untrusted, huh. Words have certain power. I can see. 
I missed so many episodes of 'Gossip Girl'. Really REALLY not happy about it.          
Darn I have to go help my mum take home a window-box. I hate being a pack  animal. 
Awesome British Airways guy didn't charge me for my bag being 4kg over. Then security decided they had to swab EVERYTHING in my rucksack 
@italiancountry Believe me, REALLY wanted to like it.   Dishes just weren't that tasty, esp. the Chinese chicken salad 
Ahhhh...sunday...have to go back to work tomorrow 
Darn it, my profile picture won't update.  Boo. Oh well. Off to do some dishes then going to my Gram's.
Argh. I have runny nose. just ate some raisin bran. just blogged. and thomas is going to Florida. now i really wont see him 4 a while 
Darn i really want to play tennis now, but its tooo late 
@majornelson Yeah, but I don't think I can read the Live Blog with my phone while I'm stuck at work 
Aha. just woke up. leaving tomorrow morninggg 
Think I have a tan. Ohhhh yes. Kyles coming over for ice cream then back to revision 
Alrighty, having 4am snack, then bed. It's been a fun weekend, but back to studying now   (by studying I mean writing fic of course! )
Agh! . . . Being a female is not fun. Not fun at all! 
@twoname: Aha! I knew the people in the tech booth were up to something! I bet they sit around waiting for me to mess up on piano, too. 
Whoa just noticed MAC has Little Vi lustreglass on the &quot;say goodbye&quot; list. Nooo.  Better finally get around to b2m'ing for it.
It was Maine's tummy.  Uh oh, now they're all going to go down. 
@Dannymcfly hahaa no pressure! Dude, you guys were great, even better than last year's... Now I miss Fortaleza's gig  Love you! Xx
Gawd. I hate my Dad! What father doesn't allow their children to hang with their own cousin 
Darn I sure wish I could call somebody and just be like yea meet me at the spot, I wanna have some fun 
George Tiller how has this became a topic ... Is their a film out or something ? Hmm I seen Vera Drake .. Pfft what a film 
@anthonycelia Yeah! Problem is it doesn't have a power cable and apparently Apple doesn't sell them anymore..  So I'm searching online.
Darn it, I can hear the bird tweeting outside. It's already morning. 
Oops!! Didn't know you shouldn't clean webers with an oven cleaner 
Q2: Havn't Met Them  And Idk What I Would Say :o #MCRchat
Dammit, I'm off-air. 
@jenny_wade Yikes!  Lovely headline 
@Burlesquetron Oh a freezing house is not fun.  I house-sat in an old Queenslander... bone achingly cold. Hot water bottles FTW!
@lauranolanx Ooooh I'm Jealous. Final show and everything  What comp was it? The emma Deigman one?
@Bella_Manny Oh Shit! Are you okay? Skanky bitchys everywhere these days. I stayed in this weekend too - i'm so sick! 
Whoa buddy 58 new tweets 2 look @. The Seal has been keeping busy. I haven't tweeted twitter all day 
Whew just got off the river.. What a sweet ride! Looks like I'm not getting back to salt sizzle til 1am or so 
Contagem regressiva MTV Movie Awards! Oh my Gooosh! *----*  Why I'm not there? It's not fair 
MTV awards is coming on in 15 minutes, the same time as my bedtime  Ohhh.... Wait! i can record it! Yaaayyyy 
@Pelsi Alright not so worried about you now. I keep looking at my phone hoping it will break soon...I want to twitter from my phone 
@Am2192 Oh. Phew. I was like Damn i have to gett a new tube. 
Whoa, D200 NEFs look pretty bad even at ISO 1250.  
@gogomago No BBQ  I'm still eating &quot;safely&quot; lol Deep thinking? Uh oh!! Was it good thoughts, or stressing out thoughts? lol
Dammit I got a really low score 
@mizhalle Oohh.. Shats... Means I've to wait looooooooooonger. 
Another perfect day, this is almost getting boring now! NOT http://twitpic.com/6e1wy  A bit early to be at work though  Ooops!
Alright folks I think I'm going to go try and sleep now I have to be up at 5:45 and it's already a little after midnight I can't sleep 
Alright goodnight now dont feel good anymore  the flu + alergies = the worst bleeeh!!!
@freedimensional &quot;Whoa - my Subscription Options plugin for WordPress has had over 175 downloads!&quot; Nice One! Sorry haven't Beta'd it yet 
@Ticky_promsut be positive! Gosh I need to be man. 
Having ice cream with raspberry and white chocolate sauce YUM!!! Really should be going for a walk but i need comfort food 
grabbing a bite at tim tim's. Ahhhh a loooong day of school ahead! I want dunkin' donuts 
@danslatts Whoops, getting confused with companies presentations and everything. I got my hopes up as well 
@Bethenny Darn! I wish you had told me last night so I could have recorded it, I missed it 
Whoa! The taxi prices jumped from 1,900 won to 2,400 won for the 1st 2 km and it's 100 won for every148 m after that. Airfare is up too 
Darn my husband for waking me up 20min ago for no reason while L is still asleep. 
One of my Tokio hotel posters just fell down  Darn...
Dammit! It's only 9 and It's already warm 
@JujuDeRoussie Yup. Planes don't just disappear in the age of GPS &amp; radar &amp; satellites and then magickally reappear safe &amp; sound.  
Tryin to navigate my way thru CSUF.. Yah.. Not so good! Dammit. And the elevator is broken. Itll b a nice hike to the 4th floor 
@samipeterson I have a long day too  let's tweet our favorite quotes all day long. Aha.
@Fightstarmusic Ahhhh i want to go 
Darn. I used to be smart. 
Well, the Prez just announced the Fed owns GM and says it will be 'hands off' mgmt. lol. Riiight. Say goodbye to private enterprise... 
Ahhhh I just hit a squirrel   
#GM - Why is the US govt. bailing them out?  Split them apart and sell them off.  No more tax dollars. Socialism begins here. Ugh!  
Errrr if I keep playing on my phone, it's gonna die. 
Alright..back to work. Yaay 
I forgot New Moon at home  I need to finish it ASAP!!! Haha. Everyones ahead of me. Oh well.
Jeez the presenters today are going at express train pace  is there a race or something? #ASCO
@jeiho Oh, I don't know! I was just listening to Shut Up and it took me back to the &quot;good old days&quot; lol. I didn't know he had anything... 
Wow..I'm one year old. Gosh I'm so old 
@liampennock Ahhhh what the fuck is going on with this  x
@lilchanti Ooh, I want a Super Target! I've never even been to one. 
@LiverpoolMich :o I was hoping you wouldn't notice  but seriously, thats shit. Alright day, went out for a snooker game, thats about it...
Gosh I'm grumpy!  Picture is how I feel even though I really don't swear  http://twitpic.com/6f3vp
Whew! I'm full....now back to work 
@jeanettejoy Whoa and im sorry to hear that about your brother....that totally sucks 
@jojowiththeflow Darn. 
@OllyWhatTalent They did that in OVERDRIVE! Good stuff tho! Yeah, it's the day of my last rehearsal...Drat!! 
Just locked my desk drawer shut with my tie in it...didn't notice until I went to walk away and got snapped back. Oops 
Alright i have double the amount of hmwk i had yesterday with less time to do it  i have to work
@symphnysldr  I can't believe Ian left the band...well actually I can cause your right he doesnt belong there. Darn wish you the best.
@Garythetwit I've got no aftersun  Oops.
Noooo! Clarks shoes have been linked to deforestation of the Amazon. Where am I gonna get my comfy-yet-semi-stylish shoes now??? 
Holy balls it's flippin hot outside. *Whew* I surrender already. I predict this summer to be a brutal one. 
June Gloom has hit.. Now I can say I have experienced it! Oh Yah me..  Got some yummy mags at B &amp; N. (I normally.. http://htxt.it/l/n8UQbe
Ugh.... They still aren't here, which means they'll probably be banging on the door at 8am tomorrow. Dammit!!! 
@phydeauxdesigns Yep, it seems something's amiss with Craft Cult at the moment 
@frederickvan Darn, I missed the live TWIP video stream!  You guys going to do it again in the future?
Darn, missed the last 15 min. of the show due to lost internet connection. 
Hmmm... just realized that my Mac email crash also nuked some other folders on Exchange. Darn. One was for legal stuff 
@ec10condemned - Aww...  Alright.  
Whoa work! Dam 
@rawritshope Nooo...that dosen't sound like me at all =P So whats wrong with you??....Holy Bikinni Bottom Batman..Jacob making fun of me 
Gosh my 5 year-old brother wants my phone 
@employerbrander Darn, quick trip. I am about 1 1/2 hours from the MSP airport w/o traffic 
@JessChipkin I hope your kidding! 
Phew busy day.... Mondays are hard 
I slept too well last night. Darn you snuggly bed! I miss you in the day 
@PigsknLvngLady Damn. Remember getting your tongue stuck on 'em? You'd think I woulda learned, right? Nope. Happened every time. 
Almost?!?! Whoa @kadyj! I cant believe you thought about it and DIDN'T!!! 
Just woke up from a super long nap.. my head is hurting so bad and my cheeks and ears too. Darn sinuses 
My appt for the dr was an hour ago. Been in the room for 40 minutes. Maybe here comes the doc now... Nope. False Alarm. 
@DreamnetRob Yikes, that sounds no good either 
Nope, can't run Quake Live. Or can't download the update rather, as my cousin set up the computer and I don't know his password. Damn him 
Gosh I HATE it when My Icon Does this 
Ack! Who's going to give me Aricept when I need it?  Lalala.
@dakotareese You didn't even think your little sister would like to peruse your music before deleting it? Gosh golly gee-whiz! 
Alright folks, I'm wrappin up this jog early &amp; walkin the rest of the way home. I just signed myself up for a hiking date at 7am tmrrw 
My GLB team lost for the first time all season  23-20 in the Conf. Title Game.  How depressing   Oh well at least Conan is back on tonight
Okay. Break over. Back to work. Ewwww. 
@musicsinmyveins I know im just kidding!!!Gosh 
Why is every one watching #Conan and not me? Darn you bed time. I'm such a kid 
@sfenton24 Oh thank you. Thoughts of Anchorman and Talladega Nights haunt my dreams. 
@RayWJ Ahhhh it gave me an error when i tried to post a comment 
@marcfennell Yup it's never been released on dvd. Pretty sure the VHS releases didn't cover the whole series either  criminal indeed!!
Optus: Oh, and that cap? Any roaming you do is on top of it. Me: Sigh. What do I pay you guys for, again? 
And I think the flash drive is lost forever. Dammit. 
Slept for like, 12 hours. Awesome. Though, shitty weather sucks. Was about to go into town and buy Trainspotting.  FUCK!
Gee. It stopped raining. Strange weather!! Woosh. Gawd. Perhaps due to global warming? 
Doesn't Feel Well  Sucks Tbh ..
@aparnaandhare sending right over. Oops it's over 
@TravisKaimi AWW NO!  Don't work outttt eat a gordita!!  Or better yet, get two and I'll eat with you  Mmmmmmm.. God I miss Taco Bell!
Lordy me... Tetris is 25! http://tr.im/n8Mi Where's my zimmer frame 
Ooouuucch! Darn! I cut myself again... 
@Scorch_Mom ?!?  Sounds ominous.    Usually scrapes become injuries late at night with no dr. offices open.  Is he OK?
Was just listening to Alfamega - Uh Huh, great song.. Too bad he's a poser and a snitch  http://bit.ly/TGthq (old news)
Was just listening to Alfamega - Uh Huh, great song.. Too bad he's a poser and a snitch  http://bit.ly/TGthq (old news)
Ohh. I'm already Hungry but the is not yet cook. Aw.. What should i do?? 
Gosh!!! I have an exam today!!!! Ahhhh! 
why can't my kimkibum have twitter too, so that I can keep in touch with him. Gosh, I miss him badly. 
Finished dinner~ Was really tired today  Oh, Doctor~ It drains the energy out of you...
Loving these painkillers. Shame I run out today  Meh. Nevermind - the G-Wagen is on its way from Zummerzet. All else is irrelevant. R.I.F
Argh, I hate mole calculations. Anybody wanna help? Wish I could go into school today  stupid inservice days.
Gosh. I have nothing to do! 
Mind is chocked with irritation with the slight pain n itching in hand ..! :| Dunno wht I've to do n wht 'm I doing 
@AwesomusMaximus ....Yep. Know the feeling.  One day...... 
Gosh! I so wanna end w/ ths day... D mood here sucks...n i'm so disturbd by d #AF447 also! Pfff 
gah! They were giving away spa gift certificates... and IPODS!! Dammit, why didn't I put that in my calendar? 
@daughtryobsess Oh Shoot did I miss another song. I heard HOMS and Love Somebody don't tell me he sang something else. I missed it too! 
@1hunid LMAO. Yeah. Damn Twitter. 
Had Enough Now, Geog Went REALLY Shit 
My celebrity boyfriend got put on the disabled list for a mental condition. Gosh sure do have a broken picker 
Darn... I forgot that I have a presentation tmrw. Now I can't go to pint night 
@dashabbfan Shit! Ummm but @OUBad can have me offed in my own state DawnL. Iowa has lots of open spaces wheah the body will nevah B found 
Listening to Sammy B. And booking shows. I booked a show in ALASKA!! Who woulda thought? Lmao. Hahaha. That's a long flight! 
Bought Sims 3 today!!!!!!!!!Awards Ceremony tomorrow.Uh-oh Here come the butterflies 
@amrhblmh Also, has the owner talked to @netposse and sought their advice? Gosh I sure feel for them. 
@dryvetyme oh man. I feel like a horrible person.  I'm glad you found it in your heart to forgive though! Yikes.
OMFG: Are ya'll watching Earth 2100 on ABC?   Scary  It's very entertaining though.
Just saw a little kid got hit by a motorbike. Ohhh. Now my heart is beating faster. Bless the child. 
Alright, back to my school work 
Lets take this back to 2005! Ahhhh last song 
Alright, everyone, time for me to hit the sack... a grueling deposition tomorrow 
@koriannespeaks Darn, I want it sooo bad. 
Now that I'm up......I think errrbody else aint. Hmm  Atleast I'm eat n good chicken.....damn it was good. Go Head Grandma n the Grill N
Ahhhh taken was soooo good!! It sucks that human trafficking actually happens 
@AndreaMonique Low Blow, Ouch!  I'm not going now!!!
I got my game...YES...SIMS3!! Oh I am gonna be so addicted. Downloading it now. Too bad I have to go to work tomorrow! Damn!! O'well. 
Whew...put on my booty shorts and white v-neck. Grabbed hello kitty and a cup of water. I think I ate too much sweets today for a snack. 
@BruceDinwiddie Mahalo!  Yes, I will do! Actually I only have one full day left here in Maui.. Bummer  You have a great day aussi! ^^
@zacc93 I didn't see you after I went to the science rooms! Ahhhh 
Okay, should maybe try to start writing this dreadful paper for War Films...  
Gosh! This is the 3rd time I've lost my add maths formula paper! 
I'm Sorry, Mary - Matt Wertz. Seriously? THAT song is gonna play now? Grrrrr... 
So.. I'm not gonna lie. I teared a little. Alright fine! A lot. 
Aaah!! Day of presentation and my voice is croaky still!! It cleared yesterday!! Damn  Should not have stayed up til 6.30am..
Gosh, I'm soooo sick of doing assignments. This P.E. one is driving me crazy! And it's due tomorrow...!!!  
Darn - EUHostile has already been used  - Oh well it is still a good word !
Gosh it's frustrating when 7 out of the 9 websites I tried to load from twitter (all education ideas) are blocked at school 
4 (or is it 5?) days to school.   Darn, I haven't had a vacation yet. Not one. D:&lt;
Network problems at work ... Darn will have to make up for the time lost later 
@phr0ggi Hmph. I like smileys. Low-class, I know 
@adam_d NO WAY!! You no longer have capped internet.. *Dies* Mine's capped 'til the 6th. Lame. 
Darn it. We had a blackout. 
@wheezkee  Oops, didn 't realise . 
Aah! Something sounds like a jackhammer up stairs! If this is the squirrels his roommate spoke of they are not very nice. 
is finally settled on /^http(s?):\/\/([\w-]+\.)+[\w-]+(\/[\w-\.\/\?%&amp;=]*)?$/ Phew, I'm not good at this 
Woke up feeling *horrible*. Think I'll use a sick day. Oh wait... I don't get those. 
@thejtog Whew, I was sweating that one. G1 has no spell check 
Gosh #Git can be very painful with multi-staged branches 
@Milch_Heute It's boiling, I haaaaate it. Stuck on a hot bus with many people  Aah I really want ep 8...
&quot;If there are no survivors, it would be the world's worst aviation disaster since 2001.&quot; Gosh. 
@BrothersCider - Are all the packs gone? I keep getting Ooops - Page you are looking for cannot be found 
Alright let's see what they say about my foot. 
@JoniRodgers This link didn't work for me. Darn it. 
@jopang Dude... That's disgusting!!! Yuck!  I'd be traumatized too, LOL
Back at work  Oh well, only three more days until VEGAS!!!
I have sghetti in my lap.  &gt;&lt; Dammit!
Trying to rewrite my cover letter so it doesnt sound so generic. Only thing is I am a HORRIBLE writer  Poop.
Whoa, from a non-tweet: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/8083479.stm  
Hmm, never saw the movie Kill Bill 
Gosh. I would have texted you but we had a huge rush 
Alright...i gotta go. be on tomorrow if my mom doesn't take internet away. Pray that she doesn't. 
@RuNikiRun: Hrm that might be a good idea for some things! Especially when I lost my planner a couple of weeks back. Tragedy. 
Darn I wish I had some spare money for a doughnut today. 
Darn..ran out of time..no cardio  maybe ill jumprope before I hit the road. 2 bad its gonna be cold n palm springs 
HELL Yeah!!!!!!!! I Rocked the miss Gay days Pageant but did not win 
Dammit ... my run is postponed. 
Shin splints.. From ballet flats?? Ouch.. Who knew... 
Psst.....needing some crafty/artsy followers today.    I am maxed on my following 
Alright the rides have been suspended bc of the rain. I am sad 
Parking tixx cuz of Entourage!!  Grrr... What else is gonna happen this week?  
Gosh lipstick just dried out my lips 
I know I forgot people. Darn it. 
@Caveat__Emptor Nah, not happening due to $$$. Same reason I will have to skip @DreamasaurusRex's party 
Alright, now I should really get cleaning. 
Party in full swing. Feeling abit.. Hmm 
Geez, guess it's time I get physical fax set up. Brand new in box for about 5 years. Spent afternoon trying to send fax from computer! 
Uh-oh. Now they're playing @pearljam 's cover of Last Kiss. Watch out folks, I might starting crying soon...  (sniff) 
@ZachWeiner Make it a &quot;Oh no i've become my father&quot; and I'd buy it (Caveat; dad actually killed mom  )
@YoungQ Ahhhh not the sneakers!!! 
@alysamarsiella that is not usually the reaction I go for. Feel better though!! Geez seems like youve been sick FOREVER! 
Oooh, Kill Bill's oan and it's on sky so I canny bloody watch it. 
@TraceyJohn Oh shit. Mine did that literally the week before Gears 2 released. Sorry to hear that 
@Fad45 Seems like P2 has been going on for yeeeears. Was kinda counting on an A1 in it though. Goddamn 10 point drop is killing me. 
Hmmmmm  why are you leaving me again? Choked for sure
Oops, I did it again! I'm so ashamed of myself. 
....  you messed up, huh?
Productive as hell day,money keeps u move n and DAMN Its been a long ass time!!!! Whoa, got some needed items, nw 4 tha clothes washing 
Darn...Caught a cold from my daughter! 
@GeraldIsham not cute huh?... 
@powerof3 Are you not better yet? Oh, wife.  I'll ship you my leftover Advil Cold and Sinus.
At youth already! Aha bored 
Darn, I didn't win Shipwreckbeads' weekly newsletter giveaway.   It was $500 this week! You have to sign up to their newsletter to win.
Darn it.... I still have that ringing in my ear eversince last night... I wonder what is it... 
@lostinmiami Yeah, but I don't have money or interested friends to go with.  Looks fun, though.  Same place as Comic-Con.
@senoritacins yup.. Ck ck ck Hahaha. There's so much shockingz and drama back here.. Help! 
@nvdey Gosh, I wouldn't even bother reviewing her. 
just woke up  Looks like it's going to be another long nite! Oh well! Probs gonna get bored so *TXT IT*
@Felizchica Oh no!  Ha!  Had to laugh at &quot;douchebag&quot;  haven't heard that in years!  Good one!  Sorry about the ticket   Like the new pic!
Aiyoh. Why report so fast wrong results?! Nash not Husam? Blergh. Sadness. 
Darn,my emoticon got all screwy!  It was supposed to be .... :-/
My brother just totaled his car!! Yikes 
@nattylux Hmm 11 days without news?Either they are super busy or you're in the &quot;Limbo Zone&quot; ... 
Gosh! I hate aftershocks!! to me... the worst part of an earthquake... probably not going to sleep tonight 
@heartylemon yes I have a little girl pug named tubby! More like princess tubby! Oh wow u have 3? I'm jealous! Hubby said no more pugs! 
I have a math class exam on monday  NOOO!! And then 2 days later a latin test...Next week will be very stressfull ^^
Darn it's raining outside n prob cold too 
@koist Yep, he is.  They're all special or at least should be.  Makes you wonder what kind of mind some people have like Baby P's family 
Went to bed at 11 thinking, Alright! I'm doing a good thing for myself,. Ha! That didn't last long, look who's wide awake at almost 3am. 
I feel like a fat saussage now!!!Gosh!Supposed to watch sunset!But Mr Loverboy is sooooo lazy 
@MacQuid Oops your link didn't work 
Darn, I thought @Mr_GaGa got Re-Activated for a second, But....Nope........it didn't  I wanna cry!
@empoor Oh! With me it's the other way round... Forgot to bring clothes from A'dam 
Whoa ( my hair now is super short from super long  I expect the unexpected 
@akaspanky70 Darn, no he doesn't have an iPod  Oh, I live in Pretoria, how about you?
Darn!! Again and again I make a stupid mistake. I erased all my BBM contact   http://myloc.me/2Mz1
@Storm_Crow Oh dear poor @crag_du  he'll be hungry lol.  Have been successful with my google calendar/Tiff baiting 
@Shiyiya it's worse when you find out one of you favourite lunchtime timewasters is based on a porn game. Gosh darn you, nanaka crash 
@electrokid5 wait...huh?  did u just carry me?
@xoxoHelenHilton Yep  You know my PTE exam? They asked like everything I didn't know. Stupid Exam!
@Farahbeth So heartbroken. Realized as soon as we got to our hotel that I didn't get a pic of you and i together. Damn near cried. 
@1capplegate Oh no! Same thing happened to us in Seville. Crazy.  
Gosh I woke up an hour too early 
Okay, today i'm really bored. I didn't enter twitter yesterday.. I'm twitter-addicted  Watched movie yesterday. 'A mulher invisivel' Loved
@kingfuckncarter Nope!  I'm bout to head to Honey's, then probably catch The Hangover. Might catch the afterparty tho. Dm me later!
@DavidGuison Hah! Okay keep bragging!  I want KFC Brownies too. Unfair, daddy longlegs, you!
I want buffalo wings  And wicked oreos. Okay, someone take me to Flaming Wings 
@whedonesque Yeah! Thanks, Simon. Saw it on .com. BTW, can I please join whedonesque.com? Been unable 2 do so for yrs. Dying inside w/o. 
I'm giving in and taking my contacts out  Darn contacts!
Ahhhh its so annoying how you ahve to actually press update and can't just hit enter 
Just hit a big piece of plastic with the boat.  everything seems to be functioning still though. Whew!
Darn, I thought I heard my dad come home, but it was the neighbors 
Bored... Ballroom comp nxt week... Hmm Scary 
@audry986 aww no hun I'm sorry  we r all good.   Ahhhh when am I going to see u? I miss u lil ma! 
I'm so disappointed I didn't get to hang out with him! I obviously have residual feelings. Oops 
@Zeestermoe Eh... school starts on the 10th (I think), haha! Goodness me, I'll miss this place *sheds a tear* 
@sopho_suave Phew!  I feel so bad about how little work I've done so far.  AND I have to baby-sit tonight for a certain strange person.  
@mynameisgtwo Funny you say that.Cuz no homo.Or whateva.I thought about them a few days ago.You don't bring me around anymore. 
@MelissaEGilbert wait don't go.... Darn!  Missed you again 
@Rese_Piece Oooh, hmmm. Yeah, don't know about that then. If you can't find a solution in the troubleshooting hear then I'm stuck too 
@pacoblue Oh no! Something similar happened to me when my house was painted last year. Save your babies 
@andyfortney // huh, so that's how it's going to be? 
Alrighty, im done tlkin 4 awhile...was jus a lil upset... 
Who wants a baby? For the cash... Like cn u disconnect enough to drop a seed and keep it movin? Idk I cnt see me being a sperm donar. 
Happy Saturdink, Twits.......Lordy! So many tweeples, so little laughs.    guess my job is cut out for me tadays.  :cD
Ow, my Base invoice is twice as much as normally. Hmm, wondering why that is...didn't do anything special as far as I know. 
@nat3200 no beach next weekend. my grandparents aren't going to be in town  I waited to long to call. Dammit
Okai My picture Wont uploade  ... Ooohh WEeelll But Believe me Its AWSOME
@trueblooddallas Not your fault! I overslept!  Whoops!
@BeateVeronica Ouch  Who did you go see?
@MsBourgeoisie no shoes huh? 
@kiapet Oh my GAWD. I feel your pain. It's just not the same once the screen cracks, Somehow, u feel less....Cool. My baby's cracked too 
Huh, none of the Tweets I sent from my phone today seem to have gone through   Damn!  Some of them were hawt 
@MissDiDi  why do you have to make me feel like the worse person in the world your so mean to me. Gosh!
Ahhhh I'm still shopping!!! 
9:30 &amp; in bed. Ehh. 3 hour nap tonight too. Somethings up  I'm convinced that communication w/men is the biggest challenge in life! ~
@annahhfreeman I can't believe I graduate soon! Imagine my emotions at my own graduation! Holy crap. Hah. I miss the BTGs. 
Ohh my i did not mean to write that! Whoops stupid iphone. I meant to say I love rockstars but just wish they weren't queer bashers.   ...
@AroundHarlem Darn, I would have considered going. I never went to mine. 
Ahhhh another day with 'fake smile'..i wish i could just spend this sunday sleeping,watching tv on my couch,relaxing....but i gotta work. 
Damn. Today have a wedding to attend. Geez. Hate wearing baju kurung on hot days. 
@Luv_loyal How sad.  Gosh, I'm glad I hardly EVER drink!
So sad to have missed cakespy in Williamsburg today. Darn moving. 
Aaaand I don't think you can save pics from the web or pic mail by tapping and holding the image.... Sad.. Ooh and ringers can't be pdb 
@TriniSaysRelax Sounds good! But I've seen goodnight as a trending topic before but never goodmorning. 
Darn it! they have installed websense now 
Dammit I didn't know you were on the radio. That ruins it. 
@SpookyJenB Oh Gosh. I remember that too. I must find my groove again! Problem is that most my friends who'd do that w/ me dont live here 
Alrighty then. I can never stick to movie nights. I'm just gonna read then fall asleep. I need a &quot;cool-down&quot; day. I really do 
@Sugarwilla Oh! Yeah, running out of API calls.  Stupid twitter. They need to up the limit from 100 per hour.
@ElektraFi @smeeguel OMG the blender does not work after 2AM! We bought a pint instead. Damn 
@youngscolla LOL I kno!! Cuz me don't have a car no mo.  Ever sense my lease was up my fun time has ceased. 
All I wanted to do was say goodnight. The phone is dead and I'm not in the best mood. Ahhhh no communication until tomorrow 
@Miss_Melbourne You have to work during this long weekend? Yuck  Yes, go out for cocktails. Go!!
@vibatskee That bad, huh?  
also almost straight left to go back home to see Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Metric.  Still calling it home.  Hilarious.  Sad.  Sigh. SIIIGH.  
Home afta a night out wit 1 of the bestest. Whoa I'm a lil drunk and boy do I miss my babyface  and he knows it lol
@Praeteritio Yeah don't really like these practices  Thought they would ask my permission before tweeting (as most services do). Shame!
Ahhhh..my boo is callin me! Lol..&amp; 2 think I hesistated cause these are..&quot;booty call&quot; hrs lol shud I answer..nah I let it go 2 the vmail 
Uh, this month is a dragging. Better go to campus 
Alright, guess not haha 
Doin Homework  &amp; The Weather Is Crap :@  lol Oh Well
@jmaiba Nice cake! Damn I didn't get a slice  Well, hope you had a great birthday though!
Arrgh! I'm soo tired! Like 3hours sleeep!! 
The R28 is now the N14. Who knew? @andrevr, that's who. Sooooo late. Cardinal sin in my family 
Aah Revising Lawww wanting to watch OTR 
@davethegreat - Okay  Done.
Sooo Tired! Getting up in the morning sucks 
@astridfeliciano ASTRID. Asdfghjkl  Gosh naman 'toh. Like what the helllll. Crap. Wait nga lang. I'll eat faster!!! SHOCKS
@MichelleClaudia Ohh Oopps Summertime ball today  x
Nooo! Did not realise that Nelson had stopped again. Damn it.  #f1
Dying slowly in the cafe  its been 30 min. Yikes.
Woah! I finally looked in the mirror. Damn I'm sexy! Oh yah and I'm really tan 
@amcunningham Darn. I have to make lunch now, lost the bet 
Gosh, went on an epic shopping spree today...im so broke again. 
I got three calls today waking me up. Gosh. I finally successfully fell asleep after each one, only to have my stupid phone ring again! 
Coursework Ahhhh want to go out 
Sad there is no scsfc, was looking forward to seeking everyone after a week away but hey, apprentice final! Come on Raef! Oh, wrong year 
@CullenAngel20 Nah, thanks! Just had enough sugar for tonight. :-P Damn talaga si Manong. And now, my excitement is gone. 
Yep. It's started again. Parents shouting at each other. Fuck. 
@carajean24 Nope, didn't have the right kind of AmEx card, so I couldn't get 5*.    Oh, well.  Saved me money.
Hurt my foot REALLY bad..emily has to help me walk everywhere  
Gosh darnit, soon as I'm ready to head back to Norfolk I have a flat tire. Never thought to learn how to handle these types of things 
im cooking at Granada, Spain! Gosh i'm so grown up.... And a little homesick. Oh heck, whats 9 weeks to go right? ... Right..? 
Back in the cage after weekend of freedom on the bookcase.  Sigh   Oh well....ooo....millet!!
@Cantor82 really? Damn. Well with chris he'll never kno cuz his was personal negligence 
@ThisisDavina Nooooo!!! Not fair. There ARE those of us who love live feed!   Grrr!!!
Done cleaning the stairs. I'm officially done cleaning the stupid carpets. Oh it feels good to be done w/ that. More work to do though 
sad, no boogity boogity boogity 
Oh Noooo Denny! My race day is less exciting now   Think I'm about to stop watching...
Lol. Funny! Damn I kinda wish I lived in williams  let's move in wit S&amp;D. Yes? @UniqueAali
@Darn_Republican the total absence of rules is anomie NOTanarchy! Always  the wrong use of anarchy  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarchy
What started off as a good day, is ending bad! Aah! Where's my iPod cable? 
Vote Handmade is sadly unusable because every other page is &quot;Uh oh! Reddit broke!&quot;  #artfire #votehandmade #etsy
Needs A Vacation Oh So Badd!!! 
Ooops me thinks the explosion has just blown up  
@TMcFeeley Oops.... I wasn't counting 
Ahhhh art &amp; wine feet was fun! Bummed I didn't use all my drink tickets  hoping J takes a nap despite missing the window again
Okay... Make that 11...  Bugger off! I'm not interested in that! Really, really not!
@KrisKetz Did you watch Tiger?  All I can say is wow!  And did you watch Federer.  Ohhh, if only had a small percentage of their game.  
Gosh- really going to miss the apprentice 
Ahhhh, technology rues me on a daily basis. 
I Have Been Feeling Pretty Bleh Recenty! 
@dannydeane CRAP!!    Did you hear about Brad??  Call me when you get a break!! Oh..and sorry I yelled at your machine..haha..long day!!
Darn school tomorrow, 6th year! without a commen room 
Damn I was really pulling for Gordon to get the win today... Ugh I am not a fan of Stewart  oh well there is always next week
@MrsTallent Darn it....  too far.
Okay today isn't a good day to be anti-social.  Lonely! Oh well...
@kelpierocks Sheriff's Dept. showed up to deal with the snake, but it got away.  They sent three guys! Whoa!
Just put all of my precious fabric in boxes.  Ahhhh, I miss it already!!  
@CourtneyHawke attrociously!!!  Disasterous even.  Cake almost sorted and dress driving me to drink. Seriously chaos. 
Oops!  I couldn't wait to go outside, sorry...   
@ScorpioDiva81 Happened to me yesterday tho.  I was SOOOOO mad. Was that yesterday? No, Friday I mean. Oh I was SO ill about it LOL
Importing ~3 months worth of snapshots into #Lightroom. Oops-I'm a little behind. Worse yet -I don't have time to tag them right now.  
Shoulda given it to LO.. Oh well 
@Charloko OMFG... so jealous! See I can't even meet my idols!  I live in Australia. Kind ruins it! Grrr... hopefully I'll meet them 1 day
So they won huh? 
Dammit!! They lost!!! 
@nalibrandi Example of unused IWB-Student saw me writing on board. Has had one all year(maybe more), said &quot;Whoa, you can write on that?&quot; 
Turns out I'm not going to the concert  oh well maybe next one!
 Now dad will tell mom to put the toys higher up cause I'm taller than she thought. I knew I shoulda waited til they left. Gosh darn it!
@hackett777 Oh and you're welcome for getting the Czech off your back. That is always the best place to be, for sure. Work is gonna SUCK. 
@JusNcredible106 Ahhhh that ice cream looks Delish!! I'm jealous!  
Opened up the pool, got a sunburn, had a pedicure, and watched The Mighty Boosh. I'll say that was a good day! Oh, aside from the sunburn 
FAIL! @srhcrly: Oh. Freaking duh. Just subtract 18 from 39. Jesus, and I'm signed up to take AP Algebra 2. I'm going to fail. 
Gosh I'm missing jersey 
@TheLadyJane: Oh no! Is he feeling blue? *dashes off to MySpace* @jeda115: Yeah, my cousin's car broke down on the way there. Fail. 
Gosh !! I'm soo booored !!! x__x Where are you @Rwar_Lessey_ my badass sister ?! 
Whew, sooo lazy to study!! 
Ahhhh monday mornin  hate it  x
@angelinesloan Hey - Sat night good? Disappointed I couldn't stay up but I was wrecked as well! Yup still sore 
Oh My Gosh,my cousin Allen brought to the hospitalI want to see him 
Darn my mother for waking me up before 9! It was hard enough getting to sleep 
@sjcNKOTB Oh Snap!! What a shame. 
Darn it! Middle chainring on the bike has a bent tooth and lost 4 teeth on a rock on the big ring!! :o(  feeling a new set coming on! 
Gosh! It's only my first day and I already got an assignment! And I suck at turning people in! 
Same result as last HORSE - last level -in RAZZ I'm ahead w 87 vs Lindgren - he ends up rivering an 86. Oh well. Bummed. 
Ugghhh! I can't sleep cause i have a headache  And i have summer school tomorrow. Dammit.
feels unwell. Hmmm (thinking) Pain would pop in my head once in a while. I dunno what this is  http://plurk.com/p/111ihn
@lola_lola_lola No way! Sux. I could've totally kicked ur pretty ass at Strike  Oh well
To audreys.sounds soooo funny but we got to work for the exams  . Gosh I do love twitter!
Ooh my followers are increasing in numbers - Thank you Britney Fucked Vids (who was good enough to follow me twice!) 
@duncn Shut up; that's why! Shut up.  And give me the moneys already.
@stewart23rd Yeah, i like that deal...You die and i get to live on and make Ghost..then get cancer....*Wait 
@PriyaRaju Gosh, that's odd indeed. As you said, innocent until proven guilty - perhaps it was consented or perhaps she was bribed! 
Grrrrrrr.. Why did I leave one of my car windows cracked lastnite!!!???? Damn!! SMH... We had a wicked thunderstorm! Leather all wet. 
**Sighs**  and so... My work day commences. Ugh! Could've stayed asleep, real talk! I am just plastered. There's never enuf time 2 sleep 
Ahhhh my throat hurts 
@ParadoxTangent BWAAAAAAAAAAAH How did you get?? Oh you're in the UK...Damn I want a t-shirt..Online create beta - i'm not selected   r u?
Hmmm. Hungry, but no snacks are $ here 
 TweetDeck is broken! Grrr! Nothing in Replies or All Friends! Think it's time I made my puter a nice cuppa! Then pour it in  lol
Dayum, a year ago yesterday was the first time seeing Miles From Home. Ugh I miss those 6 mofos  bad, aha.
Lying in my freshly made bed with charcoal mask on face. Darn the terrible breakout! 
More than you can imagian.   fuck 20 more minutes of this man!     i don't even know what we are doing. Aha.  x
Alright, I'm out. my husband has to take his computer to work 
@mkbblock iight Gosh... Sowwy boo  lol but step ya GAME up..
Help. Exam was awful. Seriously think I've failed. Oh, and my back has started to hurt again 
Gosh .. im so tired now..doing school stuffs 
ok I am done working now...can I go home? Wait I have to stay till 2:30  BOOOO
@leesapeesa Yea today def sux.   I miss Vegas. Saw The Hangover last nite &amp; was soo funny! Esp after last week. Youve got 2 go!
@PrettynUnique Yep U know. Uncle just handed me a glass over Tomato juice...it's suppose 2 help my head....it's so nasty tho 
Oops. I accidentally ate my #bananashoes... 
Whoops! Looks like I'll have to wait it out. 
Pfff, little brother. I am way older than you, though, it's strange to see mom xD And yes! Give me stroopwafels please 
@blood_noir Oh NO!  That sounds like a horrible week!  Poor piggy, was he ill? Bloody shop closing is just GRRR!!! I'm sure something...
@angrypotato Dammit I know how that feels, like it just sucks all the motivation right outta yah... 
Gosh...right now my life is soo boring because its summer...I miss my friends 
Damn  Okay well I'm saying goodnight to my family for 90 mins by which time I'll be hunting (asleep) cuz I'm in a different time zone(cont
Darn!! Here comes the rain 
@emmaaa_b woop only 2 times for me  ahh me and u r jokes! Darn we should have gone
Keep getting api MSG  Darn gonna miss 10pm QVC I can't stay up that. 4 am wake up call comes fast. 
I didn't get to go to VBs tonight   Oh well! Stuck hrere doing nothing 
@taylorkelly13 Ahhhh I just got them done 
Darn, third week of summer, and i haven't done anything exciting yet 
Whew! I had about twenty burrs in my fur after our walk. 
Alright, gotta make a quick list of the approved foods I gotta pick up on my way home tonight; e'rything under 200 calories &amp; no bread! 
@Mimiteh26 no kidding  I think I might just pass out haha
Alrighty, now its time to go get dinner. Chick fil a it is. =D I wish this headache would go away 
Nooo!!!! Bertha left!!!! Why???!!!!  it's gonna be quiet at the house now 
Just realize some of the unread comment on my blog. And some very good one too. Gosh. I'm so sorry for not noticing 
Uh oh. Nasty-looking radar is making me suspicious of being able to watch The Closer tonight 
Uhhhh .... Solar plexus 1 - shoe 0 
@GADBaby Yep! I've finally found a good combo with Calgon &amp; Crunchy Clean, but I'm afraid to reintroduce any synthetics!  #clothdiapers
Told my wife to wait at walmart and I would call her back.  20 min. Later she calls me back.  Oops, I forgot to call her back.  
Whoa...is it me or are people fucking getting dumber by the minute 
wake up because of bad sms. Pff mo tidur lagi juga sulit 
Squash, tomatoes and okra are doing great. The Darn squirrels have eaten all my corn sprouts for the seed at the bottom! 
I keep putting off an assignment i have to do. Alright i'm not making up any more excuses, just gonna do it 
Whoa, bit of excitement! 1 car left, chased it down, but not subbie 
like wow...how many times will I change my profile picture today...SERIOUSLY!! [Gosh I hate being lonely...its soooo boring!!  ]
Okay. Away from twitter till I finish at least three of these interviews.. which will probably be never.  
Okkay. I Kinda Lied. Sorry. But Yeah.. Ricky Hasnt Text Me.    Grrr
@FakerParis Yikes... *sends you an assistant* I'll bet it's bad.. 
Uh-Oh. OSAP has not turned out for the better.  Have to put a pin in the $$$ roller derby plans until next season. 
Mac and Gaydos may be dreaming , their tweets aren't  that MUCH Better than A-360, Gosh ...... Anderson might stop Following M &amp; G  
@cairnmont  Poor Lion...Damnit, you REALLY need to get a lady!! Any prospects yet??
@nicolettav maybe! Cos I work tmwr morning  gaaah! Oooo! Sounds good! Where are you going?
Darn it!  Tablet STILL won't work.  Lights up, installed, just no joy.  Darn Vista updates!  
Aha yeahh I'm sti nervous  are you still not nervous at al?
Okay so I need sleep. Like, now. Damn insomnia  This sucks ass, dude. Only good thing about no sleep is there's more time for music.
Good morning world !!........................Groan.....Oh dear I feel rough today. Wouldnt mind if I had been on a wild night  xx
Gosh its hot today. The black suit was not a good idea. Humid too. Fabulous day to be out of doors - wish, wish. Tw gone from phone again 
Ahhhh chemistry is giving me a stomach ache 
Havin 2 stand on da train! Suppose its keepin me awake but my legs r killin now 
Gosh, school is gonna reopen soon! I haven't done my tuition homework yet. Lazy me 
Alright, had a couple nice long naps and some neat dreams.. But I must have bumped the sleep window closed again 
Gosh back to blighty from Mallorca with a rather large BANG. Really don't want to be here, much rather be sailing to Andratx for lunch 
Whoa... google.com is down for me all of a sudden. 
Jeez... Looks like something serious had gone down outside the Puro bar in Leeds. Police all over. Right outside out office. 
@lonewolfoftexas so what's that song about 'ride the white horse' talking bout? Dammit I want tunes about equines 
Feels great to see the 3.5G status on the phone screen! Yup 3G hs finally arrivd, thanx to MTNL(Irony)..pity i cant use it on ma iphone 
@JessScorpio I meant those last tweets for you, but sent rape &amp; spaz to everyone in the world... Oops! 
@zellyb oh NOOOO! Dammit. Your new bag too 
Sore throat. Ear ache. Oh man! No... Grrr 
@AFGMatters Oops.  I think your link broke...  I've had issues with bit.ly and special characters too. 
huh !!! i don't know what i feeling know ! 
@bubbleuk Hello from a fellow DS'er lol!  Ewww the spider   Did you see where it went? Is it still on the lose?
Stuffy nose, itchy nose and throat, puffy eyes .. Damn allergies!  Ugh. Hopefully going to the doctors today.
gym, bank, work...Gosh, I miss college. 
Gosh man, this weather! IT SUCKS! 
Gosh man, this weather! IT SUCKS!  I guess it does when u can't sleep anymore, lol
Gosh Ict Isss Wayyy Boring     awhh well i have my springyboing beside me 
Darn It!!! Just realized I missed my 9am doctors appointment!  
Darn road construction! Limiting me to only 45 mph 
Ahhhh my tummy hurts 
@xSamanthA_x Ohhhh no, bb!  that sucks. Yeah, you should! That'd be fine. aww Goodnight. Sweet dreams xx
@ginkers Darn it forgot about that game, got a big night tonight so I got to tape it and watch it after 
Thank you!! Someone was available today!! Ugh, its going to be 100 out. And no AC...nu uh! Poor puppies 
Gosh what will we do when twitter is down 
@ronads Whoa, I'm so sorry 
I just found out I was his daughter's step mom haha wtf?! Ummm no nigga. Too early n the morn to be playin games. Glad she is ok tho 
Ahhhh. Horible luck today.  Sitting in the auto repair shop. 
@TastyPrawn Yikes i've had 3 root canals , not fun! 
Off to buy &quot;Lines, Vines, and Trying Times&quot;!! And milk. We're out of milk. I'm almost sad for the disruption of my music cycle.  Hmm
UGH! My mom is not gonna be back in 2 hours!! Darn! I'll have to wait more to get LVATT 
Felt strangely complemented when someone named Horny Hottie followed me. Too bad they were a spam account   Oh yeah, remember #squarespace
@isweatbutter Oh Sweaty,my Sweaty....I miss y'all sooo much! How R U? I've been gone almost EVERY night,so I haven't been live-tweeting. 
@ffunnyguy The @everythingicafe already pulled their winner. Now they are waiting for a response back.  Darn it to heck!
@iCheetah  rain! Dammit I'm still goin to the mall n stuff
@Aldraku Yeah, I know. that was the first thing I did. Burn did NOT go away. Never does. 
Ahhhh so much pain  this sucks...
Wow... my keyboard fixed itself. I guess I don't have to go to the Mall after all. Darn, I wanted to get some calligraphy pens. 
Gosh! I am soooo hungry! I've been working all day, non-stop and only eating cherries  
Errrr i cant get chemistry into my brain 
#haveyouever seen a midget stripp... Huh? No, I'm not saying I have per se' your honor. I was just... Huh? Wait, I... Nevermind 
Okay I'm Up - I'm Up! Wow, the sun is out, the sky is blue I'm off work that sucks for you   Hey I made it rhyme again. T e r r r i c k!
@Joesther Oh no!  Was anything else missing?  Scary that they now have your saved addresses.  
Ahhhh too early 
@Karenann68 Oops, sorry   - I'm sure it's probably a rubbish show really.... ;) xxx
Is he trying to make me jealous with A. ? WTF is he doing? Why?  Dammit I'm sick of thinking about him. He's just a stupid fuck  Why do I?
Whoa...on sale for just a few hours and tickets for @smbmsp 16 at #PartnerUp are sold out? Apparently I'm not going... 
Gosh I have a headache......I feel real sad and depressed...missin him 
Gosh it's so quiet 
@donkeymomma TY! I just had phone signal DIE. Damn thunderstorms! UGH! Be careful! I could have had a Saratoga ticket for $3 on ebay. 
Oooohhh. Theres the sign for disneyland. Darn i wish i were going. 
@DavidArchie Oh my gosh. My phone hasn't gotten any of your Tweets today!  Darn Twitter..
Ahhhh, teeeeeth are in pain 
Gosh, darn it, it's still not working... 
Gosh, lunch time must be when car people trawl ads -- 3 calls in the last 10 mins, but all heaps under what I want 
@LeahKZM Oh no! I missed Weird Al?! Took the kids out for late picnic and park. That is what I get. 
My head hurts ALOT I wonder why? Wait I know I why I whent to sleep at 3am and I woke up at 11am 
Damn that @drakkardnoir...Rihanna, Teyana Taylor...UGH! Why not me?!? 
Darn what do I do now that the Lakers arent on   lol
So I just managed to spill an entire glass of water on my laptop!! Ahhhh its literally dripping with water 
Darn computer hasnt been working since yesterday. 
@spymaster Oh noes! I can only have one Stealth Armored Supercar?! Dammit 
Ahhhh I hate being ill, this is far to earlie  xxx
The mission has been scrubbed   Darn 
Darn spoke a moment too soone...shuttles been scrubbed 
@DANiiELiN It's not even multiple choice! -_- @omgELiiZABETH I should've went to the box and got them  Darn nuts.
Whoa. Hay fever's annoying today. 
@JessMcCyrus Ooh, I used to love Gilmore Girls. Now its not on Aus tv anymore, I dont think. 
Hmmm...I guess TwitterFon doesn't like emoji very much. It just comes out as numbers and puctuations. Darn it! 
@TeamDeLo *dies* LOLOLOL!!! Whew! I'm sorry hun!  Bugs are no fun! Do you need some Off!
Omg!!! Gran torrino is so sad. Just saw the saddest part. Gosh i have gangs! 
Phew !! Wait... where are my weekends? 
and have been talking The Talk...for F%^&amp;*(  Years now. Gawd. the sound of my voice...in my head...is also killing me now 
Omg. I just found out that they made a film of a book I randomly found, and loved, called Fierce People. Then I found out K.Stew is in it 
@victrong Oops! 
Whoa! I'm so tired today... 
@marcfonteijn Darn ... got a conference call this evening &amp; won't be able to make it to the service design drinks 
@Lady_Twitster  Ooo dear !  what up lady ?
@alittlethought Darn! I forgot the finger splints! 
Nooo Megavideo has timed out on me. Only saw 18mins of the ep  I don't wanna wait 48mins to get it running again *flails*
I can't believe i'm still awake! Ahhhh  off to vegas and utah soon!Yay
@Tiny_Spark Oh I'm sorry  Em its http://bit.ly/6DWxO   hope you like it!
@sfannah @GeorgioBaker Oh my. BONERRR. LMAO. Wheres the naked pics? you know u wanna . Joke btw. Before you like shout at me 
Goin to get my teeth whitened. Then rehearsal, then show. Sooo tired from yest. 
@emmaXIII Yeah? Sucks  Go see Mary?
Yea, if/when you go to Dixie landin, don't ride the ferris wheel.  You may see more than just a view of the city! 
I miss watching the Finals.  Darn.
@pikestaff I think I like my Tank Annoying Devilsaur named Omnomnom. Though I miss my cat.  Oh, cat. 
Omg! Swine flu is in my school!! Aahhh! Scariest tannoy ever! People r cryin  Scared!!
Ahhhh! The rain is back! 
Good morning... everyone is up early and already whining.   Ugh. Is something in the air? Whiney-pollen? Maybe I should go back to bed! ;)
@newchaosgirl Aww no, you cried becuz of him? Gosh, I feel sooo sorry for you!! 
NOOO! Not another CRAPPY Indiana Jones flick! Stupid Speilberg, Harrison is too old. 
Gosh I just want a snack and it's taking this lady way too long to load this machine. 
Alright..... so far, finished... but not quite knowing everything yet.  I have a bad feeliing about this exam.
Gosh. It was going so well up to this point. Now its getting a lot harder 
Hmmm,,, how I miss Brownie, I don't know really,but I really really wanna eat Brownie NOW. 
Hasn't studied for socials yet. Dammit 
@jstueve Dammit!! That was a biggie for me and hubby! 
@Carlyesaur  Hahahaha, Nothin' much. Just STUFF. Haha, You?
@vijayv Yeah, it appears you're right about that... Shame on you, Apple! 
Ahhhh they are keeping my car overnight 
@kthrine Alrighty, one for a yes. I took my hoop out though...took it out for an interview then couldn't get it back in and it closed up 
Ahhhh!!!!  I totally forgot I left my window down!  It looked so nice outside when I got back from lunch.  
Oops... I meant to say landed &amp; at my hotel... so exhausted 
@feliciaday Darn! I was just going to campaign to get myself to a whopping 100 followers, but now I can't cause you don't approve  
Gosh this summer had been like so boring!!! I need something fun todo... 
Alright, can't do much with this fuckin' headache so I'm just going to pass out. Agh, paaaain. 
@rovieetorres Dude, i was looking for youu after schoool! You going to rosss? Gosh , im never going to see you again! Lol, howww sadd 
@memachelle Okay, that was messed up....Darn keypad on my laptop, fat fingered the return key  anyway - nice to hear common sense 
@MsJuicy313  Darn it!
@BrantleyG Oh Dammit! Woulda loved that! Bummed I missed your call  R u still here?
@ExodusFX oh no  damn that sux then again I started mid may lol don't worry u got this!! It'll be finals b4 u know it - like me!! Ahhhh
@AlyssaPxo just listening to music. Exams  I hate them. I had mine last year. Phew.. i just have to wait till gr 12..
Ummm.. Walked around aimlessly to no avail looking for socks 
Mm, I'm having a hard time naming my new iPod. Normally, I have tons of names stored up but I've used them all up on other objects!  Damn.
My sinuses!!! Ahhhhh. Ever get that feeling that ur so congested in the face? Uggh. It's throbbing 
@JayeLaSOLE its good. Imma make a class for your kind. Like that show on vh1. You my number one contestant k? 
Gosh there's nothing on TV Tonight 
@gilbirmingham Hummmm you seem very busy.. 
Leavin' house for dental now. Fucked up !!!!  And pms !
Ahhhh i scraped my hand 
Nope. Tastes like rubber. Crap, now I need a backup plan for dinner. 
Darn Skippy we're hyper as hell!  five blow pops each, our popsicles arnt frozen yet.  hopefully really soon!
Won some awards but didn't get my 3.5 for 4 years. Ehhh... 
@JacquelynJoyce no kidding 
@samw52 Alright, well...I'm worried about you. 
@DavidHogan Oops, left facebook ticked - those all went to facebook too. *I* am the dumbass now 
@erinlaird ... and i sent 2 replies to myself. Dammit, can't win. I blame the 2 hours of sleep i got 
@JediDJ yeahh. Oh well, at least I don't feel all dead anymore. Problem is how ima get to sleep tonight 
This garnier pimple control pen only makes the pimple to swell up more making it to look like not even a pimple!! Gosh.... 
Card Gets DECLINED!  How stupid i felt lol Thank U Pri &lt;3 +No Nope Never+
Oh dear, I just skyped a client for a coaching session and got the time wrong - two hours early and woke him up!  Oops...  
Severe Weather Today. I'd post pictures but I don't have a #squarespace website yet. Darn 
@kirstiealley Oh.. I'm craving Iced Coffee bad  That would be super naughty though!
Whoa whoa whoa aribyluangluangluang 
Dammit  I denied access to help iran 
Suddenly feels fat.. Like REALLY fat!! 
@samsiwoku Nah .... Gettin ready for bed, gotta be up by 5  ... U on??
Sure going to bed early sounds like a great idea until you're up at 3a.m. and can't freaking go back to sleep! Gosh man!  Who's up?  lol
Crap. Troubleshooting a client's email server wasn't on the agenda this afternoon  Oh well...
Juz done auditing! And I got stomachache! Gosh 
is in the a and e. Screwed my leg up properly last night  and it's my bad leg. Oh well. Get out my spanish test...
@Konfirmed Yea....ive been awake ..... I think i'm not Normal! lol! 
Argh! Minutes harbour is gone!! Now no time to walk to town 
Oh Damn!! Trying to catch up and ME is gone.... devastating  Well, later tweeps or Talk to yall soon!!!
Whew its gonna be cold in cleveland today  http://myloc.me/4gNJ
Darn....guess I better go get ready for work... 
Everyone has been to the beach but me! Dammit! I miss the beach.... 
Darn! Signed up for a #squarespace trial to see what it was all about and then forgot to play with it. Expires in a week. 
I still tired! I need summer vacations NOW! Ahhhh when I'm studing my friends are having fun  last day tomorrow!
@hardertospell That bad huh? 
@Juicycash Then Ur Gonna Kill My Baby  Smh
huh pussing 
Slept on it and I still don't know what to do.  Oh, me.    Why do I do these things.
@jrnelson Aww... I have Fridays off now but not for long.  Dammit!
Late to work!!! Oops 
I have no followers  Gosh, it must be good to be famous
@Natallini Oooh, that's good! Here in the Philippines, there are a lot of Dengue cases. 
Just about to start reading my music law text for the week and...ah...Wait.... WHAT!  I've got to read 80 pages!!  Oh no! 
Rainy day here on the east coast  .. Hmph what to do?
Darn power going out at 6am really cutting into my sleep.... argh now I have even more to do. 
Didn't play Mass Effect at all last might  Oh god. I'm going to be so out of touch with video games in college. Damn that sucks
Alright here is another tweet. I'm not leaving for another two and a half hours 
Whoa, everything hurts 
Another loser: @JaffaCakeLover Dammit, I lost the game too  http://tinyurl.com/nhdasf
@ConnieHair Geez, sorry! I haven't read any of my feeds yet! Hand going 2 forehead with fingers in &quot;L&quot; formation... 
@iconmaster Ooooh!! (Dinos are sooo pretty) I guess it's faster because less art? I miss the large images. Harder to appreciate the small 
Gosh. I am fricking sleepy  i had my coffee and that didnt work!!!
Tired of broken cell phones!!! Errrr!! And broken parents!!! And sad sisters 
Darn target kept moving!   Soon off to a cello lesson
@GlennaBean Oh okay. Totally understandable. I can't read DMs on my phone.  You got my number though if you wanna text it.
My daddyyyssss going on holiday without me  Aha, gutted. &lt;3
And now the healer leaves group.  Darn classes getting in the way of WoW... hehe
Dammit, now I've got the hiccups. 
Ewwww. It's cold and raining in Boston! Where's summer dammit! And this kinda ruins my date tonight  I dnt do rain and cold! Nope...
What am I doing?? Ok,  studying english! my God!! I'm going to have the final test today! Good Lucky for me  (yn)
Dammit! Just found a tick on me 
I just have a moment where I listen to a song that fits perfectly into my life... Gosh, I'm gonna miss them so much 
@highsteph Ahhhh, that's very unfortunate 
Oooh Psychoville - I liked   Shame my stupid red button doesn't work for next episode 
@Saaamm Yeahhh.  My depth perception isn't great either. Hah.
Phew humidity and curly hair....are not very good friends. 
Woah! What the bloody hell are they doing letting that woman bash the monarchy on Question Time!? Oh dear, oh very dear! 
Alright everyone! I have to go do my hair  Business meeting tomorrow I usually roll in wearing my pjs lol they let me go since i work hard
Whew, today was much better...but I now have no shower 
My fuckin tooth is hurting again!!! Ahhhh need my meds!! Dredding going to work tomorrow 
Ohhh man. This guy on True Life: I'm Fat has a nipple ring 
Alright i should go to bed... i have cakes to bake in the morning and can't even have any myself  sucks ha ha ... night god bless x x
@tksb15  Alright TSB, I thought we were better than that..lol
Well, my last day at the Lab approaches...   I don't want to leave.  I like it there!  No choice in the matter tho. Damn casual positions!
Should rele get to sleep, but simp y cant! Darn distracting twitter  i still love u tho
@christina_car Oops, I meant *steal*  wtf is with all my typos lately??? I'm not a very smart evil genius 
Gosh , i gotta spend all my weekend studying , and doing works .. psh ! 
Gosh! I wanna tell you guys a joke sooo bad but I can't b/c it wont sound right unless I speak it 
@Tre_B Aaaaawwwweee Not My Dawg!!! Yall are makin me sad!!  I guess!!! Boooooo!!!!
I can't believe that day 5 with the grandkids is already coming to and end   It's going by way too fast...only 3 days left.  Darn
Okay so I think I turned my song in to 3 poems. Darn it. This always happens to me. 
Ohhh I just realized Notes now sync. Peace out Evernote, I hardley knew ye. 
Was going to make chicken katsu for dinner, but there are some creatures in my flour.  Oh well! Zippy's chili it is! lol.
I really want to bake cookies. But I dun wanna go to the store. Maybe I'll just BUY cookies. Shit, then nobody's happy. Dammit. 
@heatherezell Yea. I just read.  I want to fly to Washington.
@MLyndonH Darn sure did 'cause I'm feeling much better today &amp; can actually breathe. Sorry Mom 
Whoa! This is early... Already been woken by the sun  time to fit more sleep in please!
Remember the good ole days when 5:00 meant quitting time. Ahhhh they will be severely missed.  this past week and a half has sucked.
Uh oh...Windows 7 doesn't like Paint.net? 
I thought AaronCarterCell meant he was in prison.  Darn.
Uh oh. Low battery. 
Worst. Day. Ever. Oh my God I'm stressing out 
Gosh this cough is killing me!! 
Darn you ICT work, I should still be asleep right now 
 I wish I lived far far away, in a fairytale land.... With lots of happiness and love... Ahhhh to daydream
Sooo Tired! Plus weather is 2 nice outside 2 b stuck in this office!   Oh and TGIF!! x
Gosh goodness home... 
@MyriadM Dammit their stole our domain! mhhhmm.. 
@MizzyLB Oh Em Gee! I want to go!All the cool tours are not in SA. Only thing we have is Coke Fest &amp; bands like @Saosin_  will never come 
I can't sleep! Seriously just too much stuff going on!!! Brain won't stop functioning in order to let me sleep. 
@JlynNye Ahhhh! 4 hours is NOT enough 
@PinkTribble Heh! Who has the space for an altar? (*grumble - property prices) ;p Easier with battery powered scented candles? Mmm Mandle 
Having cold coffee. A relatively chilled day at work today. Feeling sleepy though. Looking forward to the weekend. Oh tomorrow is working 
Oops !  Tests goin' on.. 
@Zigzagsurf Yup. Thinking about the same thing http://www.surfcore.co.uk/forecasts/perranpo 
@KeriLuna ANOTHER Doctor Who dream...but very sad   Oh well. Have a great time at ComicCon!!  
Alright it's friday already thank goodness.... and I'm broke have not worked in 2 weeks  struggling here 
@AyGuh at least the hispanics aint wake you up mowing the damn lawn at 9am!!!!!! Ahhhh 
@ColdZero2006 @richard4481 how is Ghostbusters? Really tempted by it!! But not sure 
Fridays are the hardest. I could hardly get up... Off to Fremont to skate, then VDT for the last day of cute kids  Oh, and I &lt;3 Radiohead!
TGIF ... the week seemed to pass by pretty fast. Darn with the rains, weekends ruined for sure...... 
@indithunder WTF DOOOD?! huh i h8 you 
Whoa's me, cookie contamination .  http://bit.ly/SbhPY #cookie  
@ChaseNCashe Ahhhh...the best side....I miss home 
Gosh, I need sleep, reaally need, 
@chitownmandy thanks. You too! I miss you like Whoa 
@rare_snowflake Yikes  booooo.
FYI - Waking up @ 9:45 when you have to work @ 10 is not a great way to start the day 
@MontyRules Oops! mea culpa! 
I went to a fortune teller. She told me I have no chance of winning the #squarespace competition. Dammit 
@headphones4two Oh. Weird.  I'll talk to you later though. Bed, for me. D:
Ahhhh really bad cold 
Uh oh. I'm being forced to go to Disneyland without at least 8 hours of sleep. I'm going to die. 
Ahhhh! The cottonwood trees are killing me right now, stupid allergies!  
Two days later and I only have 4 more pages to translate. Hooray! Except after that I still have to finish French verbs... 
I just screamed 'daffodils!!! Ahhhh!!!' and mom said 'no. They're day lillies.'   spoilsport.
http://twitpic.com/7tup4 - Dammit! Trust it to blur 
@Fineprintrecs not comin to idaho huh? 
@flyddw But Cookie Dough? Sheesh.  What a bummer. 
Spent the evening in the ER with half of my face paralyzed just to get a &quot;Come back tomorrow for x-rays.&quot; Oh, curses! 
@janine_j9 Awh you sent me the link to &quot;Desperate&quot; when I said it lol. I looove that song!!! Soooooo sad though  Oh my life haha.
@Sugarlandmusic Darn it!  Missed it by 3 minutes but we had to mapquest for directions 'cause we're from out-of-town  (pouting)
must be celebrating, huh? 
@TheStafford Oops! Darn Blackberry keyboard. I hit &quot;k&quot; instead of &quot;l&quot; 
Ahhhh! I don't know what to wear  help me!
@biggjoon Oh Man! Took the words Right out of my mouth. I guess we got old man... I SO hear you on this... 
@LawanaFL    hard to say goodbye, huh?
&quot;Gosh hunny you've put on weight!&quot; &quot;Errrr... thank you?&quot; 
@ladybug8320  Bubbly !! Oooo can't do ! Gives me hellish head !! 
Hmm, no holiday for me..  oh well, lotsa parties to attend.. might visit Yall... Where is Yall?
Yup. Bawling like a baby. So sad 
ICal Is Awesome. Yea, I said it. I think I might actually start using the Mac more. But I still wanna play Sims3 
Gosh.. I hate it when a smoker's near me.. But she's so nice ! 
@MrsMccracken Aha. Dude. Actually it's 10 times worse  Ask @VickyArdon
Whoa!! Sounds like funnn.. Which one u goin 2?? I wanna come..  @vividvixen
Alright, i did almost everything. Just didn't go to the gym, hahaha. Guys, i have nothing interesting to tell 
Whoa, 4 hour nap FTW!  I haven't eaten anything all day, I feel a little dizzy 
Darn you pizza hut! Why do you not deliver to dearborn/goethe? Makes me sad 
Darn!  A splitting headache! 
@SaraLarrisa Oh joy....doesn't mean much to me.   Been in the dumps lately, and my face looks AWFUL thanks to this f-ing disease
Uh oh. Ghost has crossed over to twitter zone. I feel like the new kid in school (only i forgot my lunch box  ) haha
@QueenofDazzle Oops!!..sorry...I was sleeping...  
Kinda sad. Supposed to be hanging out with SiSi this weekend but she went to camp..  Oh well, I'll get over it.
@gaillamarche Darn it; no, that's too far for me 
Darn phones. Phone's broken AGAIN. There go all those pics and videos. 
Ahhhh #DontYouHATE -Packing and Forgetting something sooooo important 
I should probably not use the computer at all.  Dammit, I wasted 20 minutes!!! GRR. =0
Dammit was in the top ten and lost! 
Mmm costco pizza Fuck yeah! Oh gramps why now 
@Ratspeaker Stuck sorting out college books for price to sell back.  Oh yea much more fun then playing dungeons and dragons.
@Jennaybooiee word..that's where I was..I missed buffalo tho. Dammit  what r u doing tonight tho!
Kinda sad. Supposed to be hanging out with SiSi this weekend but she went to camp..  Oh well, I'll get over it.
Gosh Groban has the most amazing male voice ever. I'm peacefully listening to all his records in my room. It almost makes me cry. 
Ahhhh the volume meter won't go away!!!  see??  http://twitpic.com/7vbhu
Sequences. Series. Seriously. Sucks 
Alright peeps, I'm going offline now and to play with my ds   I'm sooo obsessed with it! I'll be missing it when I start summer school 
Home bored outta my mind.....I miss @blondiie7   http://myloc.me/4Aaq
Gosh I have to wake up tomorrow for this swim test to becom a lifegaurd at 8 am on my sleep in saturdays, 
Whew I just lost to jj at little kid monopoly 
@ILUVNKOTB @Valv30 Alright girls... I'm off to the real world (boring I know)... I have to &quot;recharge&quot; my batteries for 8 hours or so... 
This is my Birdhouse. There are many like it, but this one is mine.    Fuck. I forgot to export my birdhouse when migrating touch to 3GS 
@getpucked yeah, I just checked and it's sold out. Dammit 
@Destruction360 makes u sound slutty? Ummm.... Fool I think u ARE slutty!!! 
@DevinFCO Then I guess I'll be seeing you at 6am shift change on my way out. We can hi five. FYI - P's Dad passed away a couple hours ago 
Saw Taken and I'm now paranoid.  Oh well! 
Kk. Ahhhh not sleppy at all. Pretty much watching some ghostly things hahahhah. Now that's fun. Hopefully I don't. Get nightmares.  it's
@wealthy23 What's cute? Naw i can't sleep  Partied too much last nite had me sleepin all day lol
Dammit, raining again 
@teefunnywong huh what 
Crap Steve Jobs had a liver transplant???? Oh man thats not good 
Crap Steve Jobs had a liver transplant???? Oh man thats not good  LOL
Darn! Gutted! Really wanted Andy to be on OOP on monday. 
@TheRealYungBerg Damn,i was at the hospital last week i didnt hear  Well i hope there is a next time.Heard nasty stories bout white castle
Adverts for the Nurburgring in EVO mag? Oh shit, there goes the Eifels..... Time to find a new loop.... 
@saintnate Oh good re: Winterboard, I love it. I have a PC, I can't jailbreak yet.  Is the 3.0 software all it's touted to be?
Yeah, so that 9:30 tee time? There's a tournament that wasn't on the website. Dammit. Time to find somewhere else to play. 
@adalladell Where are youu Del? Hot guys? Well there are some but not that much  Oh well, at least I found some good stuffs whooo!
Morning Tweet Peeps &amp; FB Folks. Had plans 2 replace my brakes this morning but its raining  Maybe this aftenoon. Gonna be a busy morning!
Ahhhh damn fone sent a blank tweet  oh no anyway i hate being sickly
@ndoto Yikes, what was wrong with it? 
I'm at work in the Furnace. Going friggin' insane, outta my mind, crazy! Dumb bored! Oh well, 8 more hours 2 go.  I rather be in Hawai ...
Gosh i just lost 3 followers 
Whew my body is mad about tha workout... I think ill nap when I get home. Its still raining 
Gosh! If @DavidArchie can just reply to me, it would mean a lot  but a lot of people tweet him a lot... If he could just at least say hey
@lattelady yessss!  Me too. Pkr's is pvt and her requests come to my email. Yuck. Lots of ick out there! 
@IrishJonasFan Hellooo my dear. I haven't spoken to you since London! Sad  How've you been sweetie?
@supernatrell It's OK. I happen to like Enterprise. Except the whole Xindi storyline 
Just got out from my exam, fml i think i didn't do well.....  Ahhhh i hope i passed !!!!
Ahhhh I'm not working until weds 
Going to the RIte-Aid with mommy. I would drive, but it's raining. Grrrrr. 
Ahhhh! @Trissia: I am so sorry I forgot to write the e-mail to you about the question you asked! I am so behind on stuff and promises! 
It's soo cold! Darn it. I didn't bring a jacket either! 
Is Soooo Tired 
Ihave yet to spot Goofy  but still having a blast... when did they rename MGM! Dang i must be old lol
Cat's looking for her missing baby  madre's so cruel...giving cat's babies away. Jeez.
Darn its hot 
@Castle03 Nah, is not you, says @fromblueskies and @jemmahatty are online but they are not  Get home Pav, I r lonely!
@GergCofC Okay, that is just mean and uncalled for.  Why can't we get a Wild Wings 
Gosh I believe my luck in love has run out. 
Hmm, turns out the Kings arent on that  Sorry if I got anyones hopes up!! Time to listen to Live shows on Ipod me thinks....
My mom decided today was &quot;summer cleaning&quot; so I have to clean out my closet, my drawers, and under my bed. Ahhhh 
Noooo Yngwie. Why did you make an acoustic album? 
Hm. Party plans are off.  not sure what to do with the evening now.
I created a gap in the line. Oops 
@RushJunkie3 Noo Why do ur rents have to be like that Rush so lame man 
Gosh Iam Such A Loner I dont Even Have 20 Followers 
@joannasas Darn talking to you about her is making me miss her tuloy. Saw her very briefly this morning! I bet she is missing her mummy 
WHEW! No Boogie Shark sghtngs over the dark deep blu!.. Congrats Pier smmrs! That was WORK!..Uh, I thk Mo swllwd Nemo.. Poor little guy! 
Jst gt an email saying jb playing in wembley november 21st. 1. Late much?? 2. Rub it in much?? Gosh nt cool   
Gosh.. I miss stetson so much.. I hope he gets his texting back soon! I wana cry. 
@ensredshirt Things not any better, huh? 
@JustSims Yep! You got it! ;-) But only one tiny scene with Cuddy.  Damn.
Alright, fine, I guess I'll just hang out with my family all weekend 
took a bit of a break today. I have this massive headache that even extra strength Tylenol can't kill. Yikes. 
@Poou_Chan OMG!!!! Sis' I miss U Where have you been !! I need You Everyone is been really rude and cruel with me !!!!  
@alyseandersen agreed! Ahhhh 
Whoooo, been a slow day man.  Pretty f'n slow.  Here's to the excitement of tomorrow!  (But it'll probably be as boring as today.   )
Darn internet is going in and out again 
Erm... Something about an IP is preventing my lappy from getting online. Though I'm still connected to the wireless network. No 'nets. 
@ConnieFoggles I just posted. Dammit. 
Niece: what's that noise? Me: grandma's modem. Remember the nineties? ...Oh wait. You're only 8 
@G_GMoney17 Gosh....don't you hate that!!! The key is just too try and stay busy. Although, it's easier said than done 
@thomasleeiv  Darn. I had to go home.  
Ha! Beat my time by a whole minute!! Oh... Wait... Nevermind. 
Ohh and combined with the burn! I'm rather sad. Messed up hair, burnt, no Peter for a week. 
@BobbyChinnici hahaha maybeeee. Idk yet. Really heavy since I just woke up 
I'm sick.  I wanna say fuck but it's not ladylike. Oops.
Gosh, what an awful day. my cat just died. and im crying now. ohgod 
@cyanidedust Oh! Crap...      You dun have any friends there at all hun?  And you're always bleeding!  &gt;.&lt;   Poor lil goose &lt;3
@MeiNg Oh damn it! Kill the eggs! =X Okay I am mad. Still feeling so tired 
Ahhhh @ work and its 6am 
Damn. Let a friend use the laptop for a while and they managed to get a trojan virus installed. Grrr. Spending the afternoon cleaning up 
is home. Homework again. Darn  http://plurk.com/p/12ob6m
Umm is it Father's Day? What did I miss?? Its raining, and I feel like crying. Bummer 
Darn it have to work on a sunday   sometimes I wish I had a 9 to 5 job so I could enjoy my weekends.
@Keryje Ooops, shoulda shrunk that url, and first letter of my name is missing 
Yikes. Pak lost the toss  #PakCricket
Darn visitors... leave already! It's almost midnight  I need to sleep, on the couch you're sitting on...
@Murtagh1471 Mmmmm... Curry Chips... Im not hungover at all! Which is fortunate since I am now in work 
Driving home from claires. Soooo tired! Drives not too exciting either   http://twitpic.com/809g4
Whoa i cant believe my graduation is in 1 day!!...Its so bittersweet 
@smallmatryoshka Oh dear  most people I associate with at home would be horrified to hear about that. And the &quot;Oirish&quot; accents. Fail
Is trying to revise, but failing. Gosh this exam tomorrow is going to go horribly wrong. 
@naelany Oh, no!  I wish I knew what to tell you, bb..   Try again later, maybe?  Grrr...that sucks!
@dinkydaisy Errrr why? I've lost me, I feel left out. 
Yikes!!! #PakCricket trending at 8 now 
Ahhhh man I just burned my pancake.    How does on screw up panckes?????
@Rikku819 Really, I did not like it.  I was bored, bored, bored with the kid's story.
Gosh, this connection really fcked me up! Aah ga bs bbm dan browsing 
@MomTV Fix-up for single moms?! Hmm....that would be a great show idea! Just need a web cam  Lookin' for deals someday will get 1
Darn! The weather was supposed to be nice this weekend, so we could go jet skiing! So far it's cloudy and not that warm. 
@joelfernandes Sort of man. Its all confusing now  Aaah, chuck!
Okay now I'm not feeling too good.  Headache and body aches Ahhhh  noooo its my Birthday week!!!!! I refuse to get sick!!!
discovered that I'm squeamish around open wounds. Dammit. Dressing changes are so interesting 
Phew it's warm tonight! There's no breeze here! Tempted to go to bed now 
is home. Bored. Gosh. I hate how I feel after a tour. Now all I wanna do is go back in time. I already miss everyone 
huh, turns out I'm like marmite...when did i stop being loved by all 
Ahhhh What a nice weekend we had camping.  Now back to the grind.  The phone has been non-stop today.  
Ohh! Whoops! No LA  Change of plans!!
Darned netflix shoulda been here by now. 
WHAT THE FUCK. Why did I watch videos with my brother. All he does is look up Blowjob all day. Pervert 
Feelin like a pot bellied pig. Just ate a slice &amp; a half of pizza. Ugh!!!! No more food!  lol. Gym time at 9:30 though! Bout time!
&amp; now that hes finally falling asleep again, I'm too awake to nap, too. Darn it. 
Darn apple for not sending enough new iPhones out! I was hoping to get mine today 
received an email with photos and bios of all members of my cohort...except me.  Whoops, guess I shoulda' sent in mine a little earlier 
@MattPlatts Sorry, man  I should've warned you. Hey, but if you want the list of Stuff That Makes Me Awesome, just ask...
Ugh.... I gave in to the double stuffs. Dammit. 
Phew my stomach is bothering me and now I am getting a headache. 
Vlogging Fail this early morning.  Okay but today it's Vlogging take 2!  ;p
Why SEX stuck In your head? Heyyy! Your too young for that shit!  Oh wait your all grown up now  not my lil nettie no more and bday se ...
@PepperMonster Ohhhh!  Where did you hear that?  I am so behind on gossip  
Good morning! Woke up a little early today, 6:30...   Was hoping to not get up until the sun was down...Oh well!
Alright time for work  Text!!! I fall asleep otherwise... my job isn't very intense.
@inastral Phew/  
Ahhhh .. nearly summer hols, fanncyin the beach ryt now  This is the time wen oyu miss cyprus most  bring on the weekend gotta love it !!!
Okay so home from ABQ &amp; Sedona trip. Forgot sunscreen (stoopid I know) and shoulders &amp; neck are angry 
@LawPaul  Oh dammit! I always miss the pop culture references! And I love Fight Club!  *loser*
Yikes!!  my monitor is smoking 
Darn...!!! missed robotics workshop at IIIT...    #robotics
Alright my tummy is really actin up. Wish I had someone here to rub it for me 
@jenlikestofly Damn.  Well, be safe. Have fun. Miss me like whoa. And if you write, you'll definitely hear back.
@SUPERkevo lol Alright. I wanted to go to a art institute but it was $60,000 for 4 years 
Busy weekend. Woohoo! Finally excitement is here! Tomorrow I'm gonna go back again to LA and spend time there. Gosh I miss livin there 
Gosh hate to wake up so early and knew that i'm going to have a very long day at work 
@DeNisSeY I know it hurts!!  geez u know for the million time what's going to happen n u still cry!!! Ahhhh
Gosh, i cried. Cos American family is so warm and happy. Not like MY family. How jealous! 
@joeymcintyre With my refunded $225 (Australian ticket price) I bought me a hot pair of brown boots  Woulda rathered seeing U any day 
@Mum_of_Six  Ooooo lovely !!! Maybe not ? Ha ha ! I'll catch u later,just getting to 10am meetin venue ! Boring !!  ! Be good
Ohhh my goddd! Totally sick right now and i can't drive homeee. 
Dammit: new neighbours already. 
Alright, I lost my 2 years goodfriend  What's done is done.
Ahhhh, tell me why the day has only 24hrs? Wouldn't it be nice without need to sleep??? how many things could be done by the meantime... 
Gosh i can't sleep all I'm doing is being sad I lost her... 
Today's the last day of IT class! Whew~ I really did not like this professer @ all!!! 
@dehgeh Oh! Awesome. Wish I saw you  Nice black ball eh? Was I beefing it? Enjoy malaysia. Just don't get pirated ;) luls.
I hate waking up in sweating in the morning. Not the business. Alright going to get ready for school! 
@best_mistake Naw, you don't fail. If anything that's a good thing. Better to break down then keep everything bottled up like I do 
@divyabrigitta Thxx dearr. Pray the bst fr u too. Eh seriuss ke kl minggu bsk? Aaa I'm gonna be lonely, everybody's leaving 
Up (thank u sweet baby jesus) &amp; wishing I could afford 2 call out today!!! Soooo Tired 
forgot my iPod at home......Ummm    Now I  only have my work and my thoughts for about 8 or so hours... Awesome.  #fb
Upset that justine left #masterchef  hoping chris wins. Or lucas. Nah chris.
Gosh i have to do some math stuff  mad. But if i do it my grandma will pay me a trip to hamburg. ;)
@afairfield Gosh, according to that cause-marketing article it seems like a scam IF prices are being raised to offset costs 
It's bring your dog to work day to tomorrow! Imma being my dog .. Wait I do have one 
@Ismahyus OMG! Really? Nobody tell me, you know. Somemore my printer baru habis ink. 
See, i knew it &amp; guessed correctly. Jealous now? Oh yea, &quot;Sour Sour&quot;. What 2 do? Listen to life song lo. 
Just woke up and its soo hot in this house, went to turn on ac and its not working   Darn thing is going to suck my money dry.
Just woke up!  It's already scorching hot.    LAME!  Off to work to sweat off another 5 - 10 pounds.  Oh so attractive!
Alright lunch break time. I really need to cash a check so I hope actually make it to some food before I go back 
@unmarketing Hey we still on for coffee tomorrow? Mind if i bring a 7 yr old? Forgot school is out 
Woke up too early  Oh well. Might as well start getting ready...although I'm tired!!!
@Kooli3GyaL  lmao. Oh man. Fuck I burnt my finger. Ahhhh. Todays not my day. 
Okay, me &amp; Blizge decided to go to prom... all the way.   Wish, that Ren could go w/ me  &lt;3 But luckily, I will be w/ her in 3 weeks!!!
@LizGiangrande Like there's this emptiness inside me. I wish i got a chance to say bye properly to every single person. Idk what to do! 
Ahhhh only 2 more days till I go back home!!!! I'm dreading the heat tho 
@Kdubbb @fueledbytaylor @ohaikate I MISSED THIS DAAAAAMNIT. Gosh. 
Dammit she died before they could get married 
@DontaStorey Boy stop Pssh!  What you been up to?
Phew, remembered an anniversary card   8 years today!
Whew i love the movie &quot;Passengers&quot; 
Whoa js last twitter right as I was going to sleep ...  Epic  night all
@GillyLiz But still good to be mentioned huh 
@calamur Aight. Wearing my thick skin. 
@calamur Aight. Wearing my thick skin. 
@andydavis Aw! Sounds like you need a hug... Um, that came out creepier than I'd planned. Sorry for the loneliness! Sleep well! 
@poindexterity Ooh! I've never been to the Alameda flea market. Must check it out. Thank you 
Alright, time for me to skidaddle. Wish me luck, and flirtatious glances from rugged, or sweet looking gentlemen. 
@zoeelouise Thanks! Lol! Seriously, I was just messing about on the internet all night cuz I just couldn't sleep! Insane. 
Darn, my toast is burned!! Oh never mindd... 
@xoxsusannexoX Hey Friend . . Ah Im Okies  Hows U? Oooooh Intriguing :L:L. . ii Love Dat Word Dese Days :L. . Hah. . xOxOxO
Wow... The Hit List is awesome. A little sad I bought Things before MacHeist. Oh well, my bundle was free this year 
Today's Odd Spot: Babies have the strongest sense of smell. They can recognise their mothers by scent. Nah, I think they feel the love 
 Ahhh, what a way to start the morning - parked the car then RAN like crazy to the train platform in 30 seconds flat. Whew, I made it! 
Aha! I figured it out. Man, I do a good job of confusing myself. Nevermind... Nothing to see here. 
Ok.. Loving &quot;Here&quot; and &quot;Hey Valentina&quot; on the new Prince album(s).. 
oooh hummus is lovely. Forgot about quinoa too it's lovely! Looks like you've got it all sorted!  Yeah I'm looking forward to baking bread
Oops again, its t w i t t e r....   
@beckamcfly Yeaaah  Alright then wonder if any other sexy people are going tomorro 
@songbookbaby Alright, wonderful 
Ahhhh coffee 
Alright, who ordered the rain for tomorrow? I'm way ahead of everybody. I've just built an ark and rounded up two of every animal. 
@HappyAllDays The Hills?  Really?  Eww...  
@stefsull Darn, I wish I could alter the order. Thanks for replying 
@Sixtiesguy Hmmmm....I make no promises, but will see what I can do! Red? Really? I thought you looked more like a magenta guy! 
@HereIsHeather Gosh i wish! me and the babe are gonna watch BOLT! 
My Daddy got the Blackberry Curve... NOT FAIR!!!  And I thought my LG Dare was pretty cool... hahaha I luuuuuuuuuuv you Daddy!
@titusofalltime Psst...lilikoi juice!!  *wink, wink*  
@sassyshannon Nah, 34. ;)    I am just playing. Promise! 
Maybe Genghis Grill, then 17 Again? Oh, I hope so 
Just woke up. I wonder what God has in store for today!  JReb lip sync tonight! Woohoo!! Alright, everyone have a wonderful day!
@larafeldman Hey baby cakes  Mildly jealous of your driving ability (&gt;.&lt;)
has so much time and so little to do! Uh... scratch that. Reverse it. 
Wooo baby it's hot out!!  Fixing the good 'ol resume
Awwwww...How sad?  Feeling a little pitty....Okay...done now!    Let's ROCK!
Alright, exam half-studied for. Next is file system implementations and disks. And then I'm mostly done with this class for the semester. 
@ChantellePaige Hey pretty girl!!  Thanks for telling people to follow me yesterday!!    SOOOOO sweet of you!! Have fun doing Much Music!
@craftyballerina  pretty crazy huh? i couldn't believe it!!  
@kennyconley  Whoa....that's rather unique! 
if you're going to be passive agressive toward me, you'd better have the balls to deal with me calling you out on it. Whew, I feel better 
Well, it seems like Little Harbor has me trapped again for the next 4 and a half hours! Wooo 
@KGMB9 Too bad!! Gotta bug 'em to go!! ;) Rep. Mizuno even gave us a certificate of recognition!  Oh, &amp; wave at the camera to me!! Hahaha!
Alright mark!!! About friggin time! 
Is recovering after a very hectic night at work. Whew! lol! But I love my job!!!! 
Soooo this saturday isn't exactly POPPIN.. But Iean Dead! 
Oh, just finished reorganizing the pantry. Stuff in there I never knew we had. Scary. Well, I'm off to bed. 'Night Twitterland! 
@NSpringthorpe Hey, parties can start with 0 people. Take, for instance, the Green Party, they STILL have no followers. 
@DarkAngel808 Oh yeah... You said &quot;CrackBerry!?&quot; Hahaha... Too good &quot;auntie&quot; too good!!! 
Mmmm yummy toi!!! The best thai food on sunset  Had fun seeing my boyz again 2 nites in a row !!! Woop woop!!
@kluless65 Ahhhh...then I agree!! I do what I can, living alone teaches ya' survival skills. I had to learn all that domestic stuff.  
@JimCarrey Alrighty then to you too!  
@Nuff55 Lots of things  But I'm also difficult when it comes to sleeping....if I wake up at night for instance, I can't go back to sleep
@whitterness Oooh! Congrats  I'm gonna set up some sort of deadline for every foster now. Deadlines seem to make a WHOLE lot easier. ^^
Sooo,cool,someone on My twitter has had truffle (the fungi) ice cream!!Yumms.I sooo want some! Mmm. Where do I find it?Truffle ice cream! 
Okay, I'm definitely going to the gym now  Laters!
Looooooser. Okay, try going to www.virginradiodubai.com for 4 of the songs in the 10 hit Challenge.  Hint, hint.  
@FMPELPLM Oh dear  Well, I got mine back eventually (son is 12). Am trying hard to not totally lose it again though. Mightn't succeed tho.
Gosh, I'm not searching anything, I just wanted to check what that mostperfectpopsong is  And I didn't write that previous mesage, lol 
my Gosh  like sayig that its funny Gosh haha not the meening just the word its self
Hm... I need to refresh and improve my english... Spring is here, and soon summer. I really love this time of the year! 
@DukeTerrell Heeeeeyy Duke!! LOL Why all the Duke's I know gotta be so DAMN sexy?!    I only know two though..
@xolaurencexo Whoops, you don't sound too happy. What's up? 
@mollyjoshort Sweet, i'll wear some wardrobe nasties.  Maybe i'll wear nothing but a feather boa!  Scandalous! TWEET! 
Alright, so who's doing a #nvfn? I wanna come to one!  gimme info please!
@Cassiekins That's good!  Alright, I can go for that. When and where and what are we going to be doing?
Alright I am armed and headed to the range  see you all in a bit! 
Just finished listening to 'Give Love A Try', a new song from JONAS!  I &lt;3 it!! Okay, I'm gonna listen to it again. Like, right now.
Went to Fresh&amp;Easy and I bought a bunch of healthy goodies!  Mmm   Now don't speak of sweets to me in a while...  ate too many!  Hahaha!!!
@minamonster Whoa, good idea! I'll try to do that soon. 
@Fierce_Princess Uh oh... you're so dead! hahaha...  try retracing your steps...
@jessifisch Alright cool. I'll try it out 
No added sugar Alpen... Hmmm. Amazing what a difference the sugar makes. I thought all the raisins were gone, but there are a few left. 
@Nuff55 Really? Oh, how disappointing. hehe 
@johncmayer http://tinyurl.com/cocbpx Gosh, you sound great even when youre in the bathroom! ahahah 
@djkus Yup. Video's a bit rickety - image shimmers if you don't *really* shove the cable in - but otherwise good. Yay for retrogaming. 
Can't concentrate today at all. So filled with excitement, ideas and plans. Damn weekend making me happy 
@peubloshatnerX I was?? Dammit, dude. You need to stop slipping your buddies roofies. 
@NaiveLondonGirl Yep.  Sort of Masochistic.  I don't do that anymore...im not as shy as I used to be, but I remember those days. 
@MarleysGhost hahaha it Auto-corrects it! BAM. Oh, and Eh Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say). You should listen to it. 
@loovely831 Yea thats one thing that works. Normal entertainment biz hrs run all night anyway at least in the studio..well work is here. 
@goodenufmother  Oh yeah and they found it two days after my jazz show.  Ticked me off!!!    But I'm okay now   Good luck!
@LiDLo Haaa!!!  I LOVE It!!  How about a Toronto BF?? Heee Have an awesome day Lo 
@boliviafang chocolate tea? Hmm. Not sure about that one.  Chocolate *and* tea, yes. Oh, yes.
@MickSturbs Phew! I bet you're glad about that! 
@chrisfromcanada Oh is it? Didn't know that. Makes more sense... But no, I don't. Just have the tracking linked saved in FireFox / Safari 
@adnanschat Finding Nemo  Gosh, clownfish are so cute!
@firedragonblue Yea, just a bit wiped out! Thank you  Will be following instructions from now on. Silly doc didn't give me dose details!
Ohh i joined twitter haha awsomeness   Better than facebook so far ;]
@imjustcreative  WHEW, I was going to say. Seeing I don't have insect fingers, maybe someone will develop a pull-out keyboard for them. 
Alright! I got icecoffee!!   lol.
Alright, heading to work to deal with the hour long traffic and the 8 hours of hell. I love it! 
Uh.. The 2TB backup took less time and 4 fewer tapes than I thought.  Cool beans 
Ppl you must eat at Sumo Salad in the city! My bro jus bought the business and its sick! Oh they need staff 2 k! Get to it ey  love x
@ado2631 Whoa, you live in Ireland?? Sweeeet haha 
@adlyman Hey there! Yep! Thanks. It progressively got better.  Feeling back to my old self, too. Got rid of the Migraine earlier. You?
Soooo happy to be done with finals! Freshman year of college- Over! Wahoo! Bring on the summer.. 
I just got in from my Ladies night! Oh how I love those!  Now it's time to pop in Flight of Concords and catch some Zs. Good night bitches
Cold in my house. Must go cuddle in bed. With myself. Oh and my DSi 
Alrighty twits, log'd off the laptop. Sayin nite on twitterberry haha. Gna take a nap! Wake me up if sumthin interesting pops up 
Gawd! today was fantastic! Hung out with (coolest men alive) kyle &amp; chris//then had a girlies night out  whoa man. Just. Whoa.
Phew! Okay. I. Must. Sleep. Advil PM here I come! I looooove you guys! 
Alrighty.. I think it's time that I should get off now. G'night, twitter world 
@shiieee Yup ate. Friend ng mama ko. 
Sleep  Then fun with bikes gonna be AWSOME!
Ahhhh, had a good night 
@m_e_with1m Alright awesome thanks 
@ThinkReferrals : Darn, could only pray for that.  I'm probably gonna start saving for a new desktop and build it from scratch.
Alright tweeps,  errand time!  lets see; the gym, the mall, pedicure and stahbucks.....yay! (I consider stahbucks an errand????) 
@reemkanj Ummmm i want some! Bring your man some fish  plleeeaassseeee lol xxx
Yea! Sunshine 
@krnxandr00 Jeez. Kate told me the same thing. Believe me, I like him too much to hurt him 
@tinekepauw Phew! glad I didn't miss it  I have a hard time remembering birthdays.
@vim51172 Hey Sister!!!! Its finally beautiful here in Calgary with Sun shining, birds singing &amp; all that jazz!! Hahaha!  Love ya!! 
Whew! homepage design done and done! 
@loveblondieo Yep. Way, way irritated. Hug? 
@mantic59 Yep, the massage was out of the ordinary  Found a few clips about cut throat shaving, some involving fire.
What about me?  Aha.
Ahhhh I'm extremely tired and i think I'm going to go to sleep 
@hotvogue Aha, already  I feel much better nowww.
@Whoa1984 no, just have some photoshop skills from some previous experience. Editing pics from going out today. 
@jhenry47 Haha. no kidding! 
@ccolwin Oops. Here, thankks.  haha
@KungFuBlonde I'm avoiding it on the phone, too. Gosh, we're such adults. 
@tekong Oh.. I see.. Just when CHUCK was getting interesting with the Matrix Style &quot;KungFu&quot; download 
Hmm Sitting at the Mac sorting out my alvum art with the smell of Kippers and coffee wafting into the lounge -Perfecto 
I know crazy huh?  luki 
@switchbladegun Woah son! I was in Maryland yesterday too!  We should have hooked up!
@HAMMER32 @CandyMaize @TozaBoma Oh this twinkie thing is happening. Today. Salt and burn with pictures. Get ready. 
Whoa...did a craaazy beat....gotta finish it later...have to prepare the barbecue 
I'm chinwagging with sam, while having my dinner... Not very tasty tho... Darn somerfield food! Metro station on the radio tho! 
a few liters of motor oil, a few more of transmission fluid, a jump start and a broken door and we are finally back in Culichi! Phew!!! 
@jnapier Oh that brings back memories of Cali  Have a great trip there!
@Pink Ohhh!!! So cute  a real little angel rocker!?!  Like You  Lots of Love! XoXoXo
@devinjay Alright, you convinced me, I will wait for it 
Yah. Sitting around reading new moon waiting for work 
Phew...better number now 
@BellasGuardian Hey!  Really? IHOP is awesome! lol I think I'm gonna make my own pancakes tho, cause it's raining. Ew. lol And TEA.
Alright, i'm just testing my phone's twitter 
@DavidArchie aww, haha well that stinks! are you going to say in the interview that you wish you could be at a concert? just kiddin lol 
@geoffd dress, eat, brush (hair &amp; teeth), bus.  Easy peasy. Oh, but homework, backpacks, notes, etc, etc. Dunno how to keep up with that. 
Alright, gonna try to get some shut eye. Looks like 5/4 will be the birthday 
@LucyinTheSkyyy I'm in lovee with youuu, you whoree  I turn 18 reaaaal soon !!! Ahhhh sooo excitedd 
@lesliemack  Gosh, can I keep you around for bad days 
@the_macbean Oh! I didn't know that. Cool!  And I just looked up Bean on Wkipedia. Whoa. There are WAY more Ender books than I realized!
Whoa... holy a lot to do Batman.  
@sarahmarina Okay...I loooove the Celtics even before I loved NKOTB... but the Lakers outfits on them are too funny!!!!  Awesome!
@BrooklynTink Aha, got cha 
@ShawnaLeneeXXX Golly, I love you. 
Alright, up and running again, was it the pig flu....?? Naaahhhh 
LMBO Reese goin hard on this chick &quot;but I aint f*ckn my 'brothers' doh.. Fluff u f*ckin ur brothers&quot;? &quot;Nope&quot; said the Queen 
@amber_benson  Woohoo! Well Done! I started Macarena-ing too 
Oops that would be #edaust09 
@GottfriedJS Gosh but you travel quick....beam me up Gottfried... 
@Hooked4Life Sheesh. No crochet? BAH and humbug. And sleep? Um, I suppose I will someday 
Oh my Gosh,so close to finishing my song! I can't wait! 
@zaroi Dammit, you beat me to it 
@ramin987 Aha both same length, touche 
@gretchenemily I'm in an 8 now too, but b4 I had kids I was a 6.5! Darn babies making my feet grow 
@archiedineros Yup I stayed until the very very end  Exciting!
@b32 WHEW!  I'm just going to focus on family time and more swim suit shopping for the rest of my vacay! Thanks for the kind words 
Aaaah did you see Prez Obama holding hands with his wifey? Soooo romantic even in White House..... 
@unmarketing Certainly not Cheers than, huh? 
@Sobbee Naw.. it was pretty tame. Only 1 guy in costume.. a Voyager-style &quot;medical&quot; uni. Disappointed there weren't any more in costume. 
@wildbluebug Yep! Here's a pic of the kid standing on the Puffy Taco.  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07jZs
@PinkBerryGirl Aha I see...will do 
@ellewhite Oh man, that's rough.  Sounded like the weekend went well!  Get some sleep 
5K done in under 60mins!NoBigDeal? Psst,I weigh 280lbs!Yippee!  Thanks @JonathanRoche #NEWO (No Excuses WorkOuts) &amp; @theFlylady #Flylady !
@lovetf Alright, sorry. But I think you should go anyways 
@larrioux Aha the mom super power - guilt 
Thanks for the concern, guys. A few stitches later, all is well. Whew. 
Alright, so playing cards in the rain wasn't the smartest idea, and now I might be sick... but it was fun 
@miizronnie lol nice  I loved that concert! Aha u gonna post these pics
@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts 
@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts  Have you taught before? 
@jespern Oops! I got taken ... 
http://twitpic.com/4wppg - Oh yeah  Bring on Morning tea tomorrow.
Alright... i need to get sleep so i can ACTUALLY be awake for my mothers' day! ;) Nighty Nightzzz Or good morning my twitter friends!!! 
Mornin world! Hmmm... I was supposed to be up early. Oh well! 
@alexandraxaxaxa Alright, I'm coming  get another spoon ;)
I'm importing contacts from my previous y!mail to my new one: phtwochua@yahoo.com  I've become professional. Yikes.
@lloydbayliss Phew! sounds like far to much physical activity for a sunday 
@TheDimmitt  Well, Level 7 is probably nothing to sneeze at.    Ha!!  (Damn sharks).
Still can't believe I'm opening for the Bangles! Wow. Holy crap. Seriously. 
Ohh yeh i just finnished filming for my mothers day video! Heck yes! Off to edit 
@BobBroughton LOL that bad huh?! 
My tummy is growlingggg.  Grrrr.  Like that. 
Alright everyone, out for artisphere and star trek. 
I just threw Ashlys bill fold out the window..... Oops 
Geez, laurie, you're really into the apprentice!! hahaha  That's how I am with American Idol!!  
Whoa whatta landing- hello sunny san diego 
@craig42k &quot;I just did my thang&quot; Gosh, I'm starting to sound like someone I know...... 
Ahhhh! I finally figurd out y my twitpics weren't uploading. I'm sending all the old ones I can think of right now 
11 game homestand is over. Phew 
Alright everyone, time to get a few projects done for work...I'll be back in a few hours 
@marklee3d Have you watched &quot;Yes Man&quot; with Jim Carrey yet? It's amazing! A couple of parts were, &quot;Whoah!&quot; But other than that, it's good! 
@Dwarfette Shucks ma'am *blush* t'weren't nuthin' 
Love? Hahaha! Now I know what it is. 
Oh yeah, I'm gonna get 'Miles To Go' tomorrow!  Omg yezzz. Sometimes I wish I lived in America. :\
@timubial Yeah dude! Totally! Come with! 
I think it would be funny to send my payment of $250 as loose change instead of a boring old check. Gosh, I'm bitter! 
@drewryanscott Oohh a Music Video  !! Sweeeet &lt;3 !! Love You Soooo !! Liva __X
@davidleibrandt Oohh a Music Video  !! Sweeeet &lt;3 !! Love You Soooo !! Liva __X
@jaykpurdy Oohh a Music Video  !! Sweeeet &lt;3 !! Love You Soooo !! Liva __X
just back from performance.  Oh and @MichaelJavert if you want to practice singing try starting with breathing exercises.  Simple Hissing 
@stellar_samar Oh psh you know it is. You can join the Jerk Club 
@kathyfoley @kieranmurphy Gosh, is she pretty, I was so taken by the song I hadn't noticed 
@SimplyHarmony Yeah, Thanx I have a Face Book page 2, ADD me .   http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/profile.php?id=1082895579&amp;ref=profile
@tygerbaby LOL... Alright, sister. After I wake up w/coffee, I'll have a nice glass of Merlot and join you. 
@Talabikins Phew... I though I was going to regret asking.  I sing as well, but I actually can't... Lol...
@paulbrichardson Aha! I've been spamming your email account and leaving 'phone messages!! Have a lovely time!  Regards to assembled celts
I really, really like the song &quot;I Really Fuckin' Love You&quot; - The Pretty Reckless. Hmm cant sing it outloud @ home though 
@ruweena they'll ban you for saying that! LOL! kidding! falalalalala... 
Phew courseworks over  now just exams
5th presentation of the month coming up soon... eugh! I'm starting to think cue cards aren't such a bad idea... *pause* Errrr *pause* 
@gemparenting Oh How Fantastic! like you said a few days earlier 'everything happens 4 a Reason' 
nite nite girlies. when i wake up it will be grey's finale time  SQUEEE! Gosh.. i don't know if I'm even gonna be able to sleep! GAH! xoxo
@_MAXWELL_ Ooh, Lucky You!! Have fun!!!! 
@trinixia .. Gee hang in there .. But it seems u are .. But glad 2 here ur afternoon days are well.. Myself is doing well thanks .. 
@markknoller LOL!  Phew. Makes such a difference to be elegant in one's swipes. 
@eatfoss You work in your boxers? Blimey. Relaxed in your office hey? 
@elfethe Dammit Fethe, your malicious spoiler has ruined my life 
Yup it gross. Disgusting. Anything with almonds is disgusting. 
@IBGPN LMAO I'm aspiring to be the female version of @Street3, Beer, Chasing women, Shit talk, fuck me sundresses, I'm almost there 
@SheetalJaitly Alright, It would be pretty cool if they did though. Ill keep my fingers crossed. 
@kyliebeach that's too funny  growing up fast huh?
Hmmm Game playing time at Mina's place?..Wonder what? 
@ashleytisdale It's Alright, It's OK ... AWESOME SONG! tweet back, it'd mean so much to me thanks! 
Cat's Meow is nuts. I think, uh, I can't really think - hurricanes are good! Yeah! Good! 
Alright I really don't think I can stay awake any longer! G'nite everyone 
Wondering where in the hell my sister finds these LOSERS?! Lol... Gosh im so mean but hey i speak the truth 
Mmmm my bed feels amazing. Sooo tired. Snugged up with George. Sleeping in tomorrow 
@joek949 LOL...  I know, what made me come up with that!  Oops...  
@babybish Mmmm now what X men would i be...Weatherman ? 
--It wouldn't be normal if I didn't leave something.  Left my other phone @ a friend's house.  Oh well.  Call my 510 # if ya need me 
#Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch #Hollywelch Aha 
@Wossy #wossybookclub. Damn!  Couldn't you have had 1st book as Sepulchre?  I'm reading that at the mo &amp; now have to change books. 
@TheLastDoctor Alright, glad to hear it. 
Gosh!! I went shopping for more seeds!!! I love gardening!!  Its really fun!!!
@oliviaspruill Alright, that's cool. 
Pssst! @aplusk ,did you....block me? (Tesssst) 
Darn school sending letters about my attendance silly people...LOL 
@angie1234p It is quite the list--and that was even all of it! LOL Gosh, the go-to lady? I don't know about that. I'm just me. 
@SconnieGirl808 Really going to change your name on here? Hah, either way congrats!  
@GemmaLyons Umm yeah okay, god i still havent revised :|.. are we gonna be walking? Cause i need to know what time to get the bus! 
@crystalyn49 Whew!  I worried I might have made you blow a fuse.  
We are the champions!!!! 38 - 20!!!!  Whew!  
http://twitpic.com/5dejp - Ohhh it's a Lazybones  It was very slow...
@rsmith86 wahaha. Whoops. 
Waited 3 hours for mcfly to sing. Soooo worth it 
@BarryZito Gosh, I sure hope you get an employee discount on Sabean products. 
Ahhhh finally its time tpo go home 
@Sunlit_Oakk Aha, I guess you're the 1 in 4 that's comfortable within yourself then! 
@ljphoto Alright, alright. I'll stop doing my rain dance now!  
@himynameisalan Ahhhh I used to love that game! Pokemon forever 
@Oh_My_Gosh yeah! it was so simple. We suck 
@thisisKristine Hayhayhay. Hahaha. How's The Driving. Im Fucking Starving. 
http://twitpic.com/5dkv6 - Hehehehe! I'm a mean momma! Putting flowers on my sissy boy! 
Oh my gosh I'm SOOOO tired!!! Long weekend but full of tons of fun and lots of laughs!!! 
@xAmandaKayx Alright, I admit it.  
@mynameissasha Alright little missy, hope you're alright  &lt;3
Soooo excited for the desperate housewives finale and new episode of Keeping up with the Karashians tonight!! Woot!! 
@QueenofSpain Ohhh that is difficult to do then. Kids don't take kindly to suddenly having enforcement.  It'll get better!
@minishaolinsan Nope! But I did enjoy spicy tuna don, arare, and C.C. Lemon in the grass while discussing DBZ, which is just as good. 
@phyllie417 Oops, hit the @ button twice, guess I am not entirely awake 
I took one for the team. First one to eat sh*t mountain biking! Scraped up my left shoulder. Oh man was it fun 
Hahah. Wow. Isolated insidents by dane cook right now. Oh man. This is by far the best. 
@treaclelove Yohan Was So Cute!  Oh I Mean Gorgeous.
Alright, it's all gee again 
Even when you take the night off... still up at 3 AM. Grrr. Oh well, got a club meeting tomorrow night, and an apt... THANK GOD. Over it. 
Okay, off to bed. G'night Twitterverse! Sleep well and dream of large women! 
Breakfast on its way... Wot shall I wear for work today? Oh wait a min, I'm on 'oliday 
@abaggy Darn, I guess I'm not one of the chosen ones. 
@Seckbach Oh bummer. I'll be asleep then. Sooo tired. I'll check it in the morning tho.  Crazy day today in LaLa land...
Phew..I'm full now! alwayz have a thing with spicy food  nyummm
@jemillahayne Damn, I've already got them all! LOOL! Thanks anyways.  AHahah! How was Neighbours? I didn't get to watch it. Relos are over
@BeMeaningful Hey. Yes, I went here http://bit.ly/CCUCI Hung out at home for the rest of the weekend. Lazy, I know 
Whoa, dude, congratulations ! 
Mmm Strawberries. Mmm Coffee. Sometimes I feel like an addict.  God I love Music, if there's a better reason for living I ain't found it!
@CampaignMonitor Yea, spotted that shortly after. Clever! 
Home, sweet home =] I hope I pass this math-exam well!! Sooooo... 7 days left until school is OUT!! Awesome! And Happy BDay, Gpa 
Never realised,after all the time of feeling tired..it was lacking in iron!Phew,that's sorted,just another tablet or 2 to take everyday 
Gosh, it's beautiful outside this morning.  
Whoa. I didn't get any tweets while i was sleeping. This is a maricle. Anyways.. Goodmorning. 
goooodMorning  getting ready, thenn schoool. ew Aha byeee
@marcorbito Desperate Housewives?!? I'm deducting 5,000 cool points for that. Oh yeah I'm also confiscating your man card. Jk 
@IreneAgbontaen LOOOL! studio of doooooom! ur funny. Mumsy taking long - Like u wana go into wrk anyway! Hahaha! 
@rehna_tu Gosh!! Add a tag if you are refering to me!! 
Whoa its so bright out side  What a perfect day.
@astroengine Whoa! Way to go, Ian! The earthquakes are working for you, it seems! 
@_kerstin i knoww, awesome huh 
Phew, good thing i went to get the dress-skirt thing today, its the last piece of my size. And im happy as ever than i got it 
Laugh and the whole office laughs with you. Fart and you fart alone. Oops 
@kulor Yup, it's quite nice. Way too distracting, though 
Mmmm... Feels like fall, my favorite season  56 and almost completely clear 
@JORDANKNIGHT My 5-year-old daughter sang happy bday to you on the Say Now number!  I hope you get to hear it....it's SOOOO cute!  
's workday is complete! Woohoo! Time to go to the gym and workout. Oh, and what a beautiful day too!!! 
@VistaPrint Alright thanks!! 
@PanicAtTheNoPo @ohmyalgebra9 @imcage Hi! Yep! The song will be featured on American Idol finale tommorrow night on FOX! WOOO! 
@StineLarsen Thnx. Right back at ya 
Oops......@zoriancrx  #followfriday #followlove
I have a bun.. Oops. I mean a cake in the oven...Lol. &quot;HaPpY BoDaY JuNiOr!!&quot; its too cute. 
@farah15 Hehehe lurus plang tu in a way ah... next-G = Next Generation 
Ahhhh -- I love the smell of workers in the morning 
Gosh! more followers! thanks to all of you  you guys are the best.
Whew... Installation now in progress... 
@HubUK Erm, how would suggesting I might have arthritis make me feel better?! Hooray for the sun though 
@justamoochin Yikes. And that was an interesting ride. I think. I feel strange now. How are you today?  x
@emalyse Ooops, I meant to say - aha thank you - but my finger slipped 
@pixiefish Thank you, my darling.  Everybody here at work is looking forward to the cake, BTW.  Me especially 
@windovrthewater Thanks! Yup. Wedding in almost less than 100 days.  
Ok, I think its late enough and I'm getting tired. So I think I'll be heading to sleep now. lol  Goodnight everyone and God Bless! 
@hyttfors  Yup, everything was better in the good old days .... eh, or not  Coolest police car ever  in Swe  http://bit.ly/Ompc1
@NoelClarke have you finished the Doctor Who filming? I'm a HUGE fan 
@drable Nope  I plan on relaxing today. Loafing rocks. Ooh good luck revising!! Enjoy the sun 
@Ebusandy Oh and we did create some super awesome robot aliens from Reverse art truck finds.  Room messy- kids and grownups happy
I love curly fries  .... Alright already, gimme a break, I get to be a fat kid every now and again ;)
Okay, I'm gonna try and get a little sleep. Catch y'all later. Ciao. 
@Rubysky12 Give your Mama a HUGE hug from me!  
@studioscentral http://twitpic.com/5omgn - Darn, they stuck it upside down ! 
@sonsofjim Uh huh. I forgot how awesome Double Club was  What are you doing today? I'm recording shit loads of new stuff next month! x
Ahhhh saw more HP &amp; the Half-Blood Prince coverage on TV. Sooooo exciting :O 
@ibwhitty Hah! I do not Pity Follow. I check all credentials and recent past posts. 
Good morning America! TGIF w00t! Oh boy this past week was... Hmmm... A bit... &quot;insert word here&quot; 
@redlollyhearts Oops! Sorry! Hehehe, g'night!  (Oh, Lumi was shipped off today too!)
@astynes Gosh and wow! Yr kids have stunning rooms and beds Ambs! And I think yr bed is frikkin clever!! I cud do with that! 
@baitme Yeah! Screaming out the words every time I heard it! So much fun! I was so young. Wow! Good memories.  Thx
@falserodhull http://twitpic.com/5orxt - Aha! I recognise where that's taken from. 
@iriissx3 Alright.  )
Okay time to get some rest before this shoot tomorrow -&gt; Peace Twits 
39th update (may 22,2009 9:18pm).. *39* is my favorite #.. hahah :3 just sharing ;D... Bless y'all!! 
@RonEarl Yikes man, I didn't know, well, I hope yer feeling better. 
@ajhoffmann This is what you think about each morning? Whoa, instead of typing 'this' just now, my fat finger syndrome produced 'tgif'.  
Ooo Ooo I almost forgot! Watching my local news @CBS6 &amp; saw fellow Twitter @sockington &amp; his owner&lt;&lt; he's amazed at sock's popularity! 
@BizAv Oops - I will get it out tomorrow. How long have you been waiting - 4 months? 
Alright time to write 
@jtjdt Alrighty. I'll try it out. 
Figured it out. Next question ... is it &quot;website&quot; or &quot;web site&quot; 
All kidding aside (this is me feeling guilty...lol) he's a sweet guy and I'm happy to see that he's doing well.   Phew...I feel better. 
@Lalikat Whew. I should have waited for second response. That's a load off... 
@rinrinn you had cake! Oh wait I had a slurpee and fro yo. Crap! You had a big piece though! Field trip it is 
@smaknews Oops I liked your video again! I was meaning to tell you to check out this page again  surprise within! http://twitvid.io/aaok
Whoa. I'm on for an hour and all of a sudden all of these followers 
Alright logging off the computer for a while... ubertweet doesnt seem to like to work while im at work. wierd! see you in a while 
And on that note, I am done.  Hear y'all later. 
@bonesinoz  Yup. I took my mom an Ipod and she's watching Bones.
@heathermholman I know me too!!! Gosh he deserves this so much  I cant wait to see them together :]]]
@snoewhite26 Darn it, you caught me! Just kidding!  how about just fangirl, leave off the crazy part lol
@GinuwinelyLyric Deaddddd, Shat Up LMFAO!!! Oh Well, My First Laugh LOL!! @MusicJunkies90 Hi!! 
Mmmm a triple double for the double triple  yes yes yes, Hold my mule while i shout
@transcribe Oops! Its @webchameleon 
@kev_mck Alright... deal... goodnight 
@Jazzy813 Negro ! Aint I Intresting Now ! Sheesh And Im Followin You Punk !  !
@SoakUpLiving Mmmm.  Behold the power of cheese 
Well, I'm gonna go watch some TV before bed  I've been doing that a lot lately... Oh well.  Live Chat today was awesome!   G'night! 
@iheartmc ill be there sister!!  can't wait to see you! I miss you so much! When I come, let's road trip to Disneyland. Remember aj!? Ewww
Gosh i though ti would ever say this but I love learning...the shit you learn really helps in day to day life....so learn ppl 
Oops I mean @haveanaviday 
@cj_s no probelmo! @Triplebeamsheme awww yeah that's good to hear  @TsunamiWavin Yep Yep i Sure Will. .Imma Hit Up NY &amp; the clubs 1st tho!
Ahhhh how nice it is to sit down and have a cold pint after a long weeks work  jealous much?
@Afsoon Oh well, you can read it anyhow  Nothing to talk about. I just wasted 4 year of my life. Dumb dumb dumb.
Darn, I was hoping to talk to someone to find the picture of them was fake! ROAR! lol.. oh well, back to reality. 
Alright! It's back to the gym tomorrow and I'd love to have @dananner and @ijustine as gym buddies bc they make me smile.  #followfriday
Wow......Omg! Some ppl r so suspect on here its not even funny! Damn! Wanna say somethin so bad but I'm keepin this 1 to myself! Lol 
Alright, totally have to go to bed now...1:26 a.m. Wow...I'm gonna be tired tomorrow! 
@minamic Oh yeah, oo nga! But you're getting married na! Haha! Can we share / shave (private joke)? Haha! Ok, I get Spock! Pressure! 
@AuntieStress I found a pure signal tonight!!!    Yup.  Name of @poetwist.
Always remember, There are No Boundaries  Alright seriously what the heck! I neeeed sleep, night!
Checkin out SelG's duet wiff FTSK. Whoa, oh 
I really like Ne-Yo's song; In The Way. I could use it in writing a fanfiction... Hmm.. CSI Miami perhaps? Or Maybe Inheritance Cycle? 
I'm so tired! *Yawn* It's 3:30AM. I'm going to sleep. Goodnight  xoxo
Having my first #fizzycan of the day. Mmmm Feeling all awake now 
@catmachine Gosh, thank you!  
Fine...follow @BigDaws  for #followfriday ...why? well u just have to! Dammit!.  x
