Most common words for this cluster:
[('ohio', 124), ('michigan', 99), ('indiana', 50), ('kentucky', 38), ('i', 38), ('iowa', 34), ('day', 31), ('today', 29), ('illinois', 28), ('state', 26), ('im', 25), ('kansas', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ohio', 0.863731861114502), (u'Michigan', 0.8492007851600647), (u'Indiana', 0.8229614496231079), (u'Illinois', 0.7638339400291443), (u'Iowa', 0.7550347447395325), (u'Wisconsin', 0.7412611842155457), (u'Missouri', 0.7230764627456665), (u'Kentucky', 0.7179387211799622), (u'Youngstown', 0.6963014602661133), (u'Bowling_Green', 0.6916476488113403)]





Michigan who?  I don't know them.                   *sigh*   Shameful!
michigan state you make me sad 
just got home from watching Michigan State get tromped!   
What? Apparently it's 52 degress at 11pm in Washington State. I miss winter already 
Why can't airfare go down? Or, why do I have to live in Texas!! I don't know if I'll be able to make it to Iowa. 
doesn't understand Ohio weather... it's APRIL!...i have to run a track meet in shorts and a tank top tonight, this is gonna be great!. 
MSU Fans..if there is one thing an Ohio State fan can relate to it is losing an National Championship...feel for your loss 
Working in Toledo.. 
@LindseyMaeMusic It's like that here in Michigan, as well. =/ I want the Summerrrrrrrrr! 
At work  tiiiiiiiiired in Oshkosh, WI
@KJL34 awww well that's good! but it sucks the Michigan lost  no commenting needed on the rest
@dougiemcfly are you really changing your name to Mich?!  please say no
@TheHoneyFamily I went to the wrong show  There was no conga line in Ohio.
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Duluth - Minnesota
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Pittsburgh - Pennsylvania
All this new snow and 70 is closed  I know I could take 285 but I almost slid off Kenosha pass a few years ago
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Duluth - Minnesota
Holy shit, Indiana is boring. This is just flat nothingness upon flat nothingness. And I have 156 more miles of it. 
Atlantic Iowa doesnt sound good 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Madison - Wisconsin
I wish i had tickets to see Britney! I wish she was coming to Michigan. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Madison - Wisconsin
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Wichita - Kansas
Up having my Brazilian Starbucks blend...Missouri is still too far away. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Duluth - Minnesota
@brookearchiefan I miss you my crazy sister!!  I hope your having fun in Iowa!!
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Detroit - Michigan
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Lansing - Michigan
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Cincinnati - Ohio
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Grand Rapids - Michigan
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Cincinnati - Ohio
@stpattysgirl82 I miss Indiana Tiff  even though that Pulaski County in Virginia
@ladygaga I wish you'd come to Ohio 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Pittsburgh - Pennsylvania
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Cleveland - Ohio
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Louisville - Kentucky
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Milwaukee - Wisconsin
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Duluth - Minnesota
actually kinda tired, even though i should still be driving, coming home from Iowa, but i didnt go, so i'm home already. 
@nick_carter Dude I wish I could.Im in Ohio. 
@brandie I would have but it was the other side of kentucky  We drove down the side between Illinois and Tennesse. I miss bourbon...
Holy...WOW...I got my most fav singer as a follower! Brit Brit!!! *faints* She is coming to Columbus, Ohio! Wish I could go see her... 
I'm going back to Toledo today 
is leaving Indiana soon  ill be back in 2 weeeeeks!
I want Chick-fil-A   I hate you Illinois.
Flint bound 
I woke up this morning and was hot and so i kicked the covers off and suddenly was really cold. Just another Nebraska spring day. Yay! 
Won the cubs trivia contest at work but can't use the tickets b/c I'm in Kansas 
I will just pretend that it isn't going to be in the 40s today.  Michigan.  
@Enigmadolphin Uh...is Michigan near Illinois? I just moved here. I am really bad at geography too. 
So wishing I was in Ohio with my staff right now 
Rt @ColinCurtisKS @kellyjay7 is not going to Iowa with us 
It's crazy all the Tweets from Cali are talking about their mini earthquake. Ohio doesn't have that sort of excitement or danger. 
driving to Dayton. For the last time.   
&quot;I WANT REVENGE will not run in the Kentucky Derby due to a wrenched ankle.&quot;  #fb
@hannah_lauren93 So after driving all the way to Illinois, you can't see him? That really sucks. I'm sorry. 
Yes...it is Kentucky derby weekend!  Some people got to go...I was not one of them 
@thejeremygould i really wish we were there already. never thought i would say this but i miss Kansas. wayy more cozy than california. 
Heading back to Indiana today 
picked the wrong horse from the Kentucky Derby 
packing up all my stuff  official Florida State grad
OSU v MI baseball game is packed w/ fans - but Bucks losing 
I'm upset because I missed the Kentucky Derby yesterday! 
@que_day26 What was the deal when you guys came to Cleveland State University? You left in a matter of 10 mins 
@jojo71489 ohh  poor jojo--go listen for State and Madison on Q101, it'll make it all better!
Three days of damp weather ahead here in Connecticut. 
@jimmymarsh617 I heard nothing, wasn't there. Illinois is too far 
No more Pontiac?!?!  
My vacation to Kansas now includes my mother in law. 
In Missouri with no signal or internet. 
@caseorganic  Michigan has the highest unemployment. Job losses in the auto industry 
Drinking, so many new friends, *so much* fun - wtf did I *ever* move to Maryland 
@pcsketch My grandfather was from Michigan - I get confused with the fact that Chicago is on Lake Michigan, gets me every time 
Ugh I feel horrible....woke up at 5.  And now headed to Cedar Rapids, Iowa....
Going to IKEA and to and art fair! Sergey's in Ohio and I miss him 
I'm getting real tired of Ohio weather, What happened to spring? You remember spring right? It was warm and there were flowers.... 
@JimBob30 i have only ever been to Michigan....  id love to go to more states that would be amazing!
@nickjaws i was i was in Indiana so i could see all time low on the 15th. 
FTSK is in Wisconsin...stupid finals are in my way of going to see them 
Ah! the weather was shitty today and now there are more storms soon to roll into the Mid-Ohio valley. 
everyone's in Virginia/Ohio all week. 
@gypsytrading Northwestern Arkansas, which is rapidly becoming a swamp land after this soggy winter and spring.  
working in Earling , Iowa the smallest city on earth. The do not have a gas station or fast food rasturant....NO RESTROOMS ANYWHERE 
@JessicaPortnoy Maryland 
waiting 4 the bus 2 show up. I'm hungry n tired after a long plane trip from Indiana 
@nicolenianda hey girl never heard back from that woman in Maryland about the job! What happened? 
@MoTancharoen I highly disliked Winona as well. 
I'm bored  my sister is a bootyhole. She took the computer from mr just so she could whore herself out to her bf that lives in Indiana
Through indy. Next up Columbus, Ohio. Whole lot of nothing 65 mph 
Last week at Cass starts tomorrow.. 
Has moved back to Tulsa for the summer, Drove to and from Missouri, and is now sitting and not feeling well. 
I miss late nights with carmen back in Bloomington 
it is 5:04 am, in Marshalltown Iowa... school is in 2 1/2 hours FUN!!..not, I wish it were summerrr 
Going back to Ohio tomorrow, but still have to finish 2 more finals today 
Leaving Winona  want to stay
My little boy left for four days away with his dad in Missouri. I've never been away from him for more than 2 nights in his life. I'm sad 
In Dayton. What to do? DAI, Oregon District, my aunt's house...gotta run errands too 
I really miss all of my aber 675 peeps  Minnesota has to happen this summer!
Wish I lived in or atleast relatively close to Ohio!   Haven't seen @SmallTown_Troy or @Derk_McLoven in almost a year.
@mayhemstyle Well I live in Ohio  but here's our California parks: http://tinyurl.com/nmr7pc
@craigeryowens I work at a movie theatre in Toledo and I'd let you come see it for free. But it's not in 3D 
@davenavarro6767 Not Columbus but just wanted to say sorry to be missing Indiana show tomorrow. So sad  I will be in the woods with 8 GS.
@t0astbandit eesh, sorry to hear that. That isn't going to make travel to Michigan very fun. 
Pooping in a Pennsylvania rest stop!  I hate using public toilets 
http://twitpic.com/674p1 - @JTHawthorne this is my Ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt.. haha but I lost the shirt 
@crystalchappell Jealous.. stuck here with Ohio sun  Safe travels...
@kirash4 Family...friend... It's good for the industry i plan on going into...Far FAR away from Ohio  I hate it here.
stopped for coffee at Maryland rest area; so did at least five entire middle schools; just my luck 
i wanna move back to Pennsylvania 
@davidaldrich_wx it looks like it did in Ohio after a tornado hit.  
can't believe one of her fav friends who I will not name {Brooke Daye of Missouri} was so close to my house and did not call to see me.  
in Macomb visiting my dear sweet lil bro and his friends are all racist sexist jerks! 
I wish there was a #redmango in Michigan 
I totally forgot that eastern Indiana is 1 hour later than here.  That means I have to get up an hour earlier than I thought tomorrow! 
@lodalo Sorry to hear you guys won't be able to make it to Magee this weekend...  Hopefully see you in Michigan next month.
@kgregstar @jerFresh thanks guys! Wish my sister didn't live in Illinois. 
its my mom's birthday today! sadly i have no gift!  hopefully taking her to Nebraska in a few weeks though!
@MakeupGeek I live in Saginaw, about an hour away. No good Italian food here either. 
So sad that my bestie is flying back to her home in Iowa as we speak     ...i'm gonna miss her!!
@peachcupcake damnnnnn girl talk about last minute lol I'm chillin in Maryland today  pops gotta fix my car but get to see my friend t ...
Lunch then going to the McCoy/Leonard wedding and reception today! Only 1 more day left in Indiana after today  
In Kentucky. Caleb is being gross 
@kimmers2879 I never got to tour Lansing when I was there  No fair lol
@ajam247 sorry   That's how I feel about Ohio too lol
@KhloeKardashian Is your radio show on a website or anything? I'm from Northwestern Pa so I don't get Miami radio stations! 
doesn't want him to move to Kansas 
wassup y'all won't be in Kansas  but Jersey is still on the itinerary
@Chipper03pb The blue S is Syracuse!  My sister messaged me all excited and I had to explain it wasn't Michigan State. Still hopeful tho!
35 miles away from Rockford  i really should get a job so i can buy a car then i can visit more often
is kinda sad a certain Illinois resident is gone now... 
sad    my bff just went back to Ohio...so jealous.  time to regroup for gametime at 8 30
@UhHuhHerMusic, Minorities haha story of my life...you could come back and perform in Missouri...life is boring here 
can't believe I'm this upset over a cat... miss you, Cass 
Last day in Hilton Head.  home to Ohio tmw 
Michigan lost ugh!!!!!!!!!!  I'm so upset
I wishes I were camping  or at least I wish I knew I wouldn't be camping in advance because I would I love to be in Iowa right now.
BREAKING NEWS: Florida team embarrasses Ohio team in championship game. I feel like I've read this story before. Sigh. 
Talking to Mike on skype.. The greatest thing ever. Why does Ohio have to be so far away? 
Why Cleveland Why? Besides the 2002 Ohio State Buckeyes my teams never get it done, and they all have had chances in my life time.   
@thesportsdiva  fine I'll root for Michigan :-o ooooooo lol
Stopped 4 the night in Ohio, not gonna make it 2 Dover race on time 
Definitely regrets going out tonight and wishes my model from Ohio would get here already! Kinda worries right now! 
Maryland sucks... I wish I could go on vacation right about now... 
We're not crossing the Ohio river at Point Pleasant 
Aaron left for Ohio... gone for 17 days.. completely sad and bummed out... I hate today 
@str8edgeracer if i lived in texas, i'd be at photo day to meet you =] but i'm in Michigan  next year hopefully i can see you in the D =\
Jst got pulled over for speedin in Indiana 
Missouri vs illinois border wars hockey...missouri lost 
Seeing the family off to Ohio, and getting ready to go to TX.  We will be 1200 miles apart. 
@admum1 What!!! You are just now going thru Maryland, i thought u would be home when i woke up 
really excited about Maryland crabs tonight! but not so excited about having to say goodbye to @hanab08... 
@OldMyth there are level 80s on Ionia 
sometimes it's hard to be proud to be from Kansas 
@ThaBombShelter ooh keeping our fingers crossed here as we shop for a companion dog for our ailing collie today  Michigan Ave is all dogs!
after a weekend trip to Illinois, i realized that i need twitter on my phone. . . but i don't know how. already tried 
dont worry Ohio, Mandi is on her way home  great weekend! pictures to come!
http://twitpic.com/6cp32 - Ohio sucks  I want to go back to Cedar Point.
is realizing we wont have the money to go to Michigan in a couple weeks  
Going to Wisconsin for the day! Unfortunately the drive there is no better than the drive to champaign 
This morning a doc in Kansas was murdered by anti-abortion extremists. What a tragicly sad day for our country 
@dtetto as a child of Kansas I encourage you to do so 
I want to be in Ohio right with my sister!! 
wants to go to Minnesota to see my family, but plane tickets don't exactly fit into my budget at the moment. 
Nuts. Ohio State lost the baseball regional. Season over. 
@chriscendana sorry chris i wish i could go  but i'm gonna be in Indiana this weekend for a giggy gig gig. i miss you tho, dood.
&lt;sigh&gt; I'm beginning to think that there is nothing for me here in Kansas, but I have too many ties here to leave now. 
@lauramarie1288 @blyn315 I have my cousin's wedding saturday in Saginaw and we are staying overnight  sad.
@LaurenConrad It happened here in the midwest too. 
University of Florida considering 15% tuition increase. The cost is currently under half the nations average. Not for long 
Indiana family just left   major pouty face is happening right now 
morning, today is cloudy and rainy  Michigan, where's the sunshine???
Wishing my LocalAdLink was working properly in Steubenville, Ohio. It shows up as Kansas on Boomj--STILL 
@robertmcnulty Wishing my LocalAdLink was working properly in Steubenville, Ohio. It shows up as Kansas on Boomj--STILL 
Today is the 2 year anniversary of my mothers death. I'll be in Kentucky visiting her all day. 
@LaurenConrad it also happened in the midwest... 
Chris might be going to work in Ohio for 4 months  Its a tough call....Should he go or not
@floozyspeak Home is not Columbus  But my sister is there! But not for very much longer (she is in grad school at OSU)
@mitchelmusso i wish i could go to that!(: but i can't  come to Connecticut and i probably could go to a concert!!!  &lt;3
All of the Michigan wineries must be super busy: I can't get a hold of anyone! 
Finally started this damn trip to Kentucky. I'm gonna miss Texas. 
@MlleEm I will be in Missouri. 
Planning a roadtrip to Chitown b/c Iowa is totally boring 
@ButterCupC00kie  I hope so too! he has been to Ohio like 5 times so think he is done here! 
just hung up with my future roommate.....it is wrong to miss Muncie, and yet I do 
I wanna go home to my family in Linesville Pennsylvania. I miss that little ole country town! 
My daddy is in Nebraska right now. I miss him so much 
@trslove I knowwwwww! Why do Michigan and california have to be so far apart?! Booooo 
Tired after a long day at Fox Toledo... I helped cover the missing girl from Monroe. Mi. 8 days missing. Touched my heart 
@beckynotrebecca It has been! @ForrForr and I don't want to go back to Wisconsin already tomorrow 
Winding down my days in Ohio... The next 2 will b the hardest 
Missing the storms in Ohio, cant say its a tragedy though..  But, I do miss her 
@babygirlparis I cant believe you will be in Ohio at sugar bar! I live in springfield about an hour away and cant get out during the week 
What a great week! Cali 09 is in the books! Heading back to Indiana tomorrow morning! 
@christophermoy there aren't any Pinkberrys in Indiana 
@thisgoeshere hm.... I'm not sure. But in Michigan it would be 5am.... o.O and I could probably tweet up to 10pm at the latest... 
I am super pissed that Lansing airport only has one restaurant and it doesnt open until 7am....when my flight leaves 
@Giovanni_Amy I miss Blue Bell's! They don't have it in Michigan! I'm pretty sure they don't have it in Indiana either 
Trying to get ahead of my work schedule so I am not so behind when I get back from Wisconsin... I don't think it is working 
@reduced Booo no dates in Pittsburgh and Ohio! 
@saan1911 wish I could but I am in the far away magical land of Schererville. 
Shoot, the FreeGeek Columbus folks are going to miss PodCamp Ohio! 
Bad-ass thunderstorms in Indiana 
@DonnieWahlberg I can't wait.  I'm trying to get a 5 star upgrade to DTE (in Michigan) but they are sold out 
 Just finished the last of my rations from @WholeFoods.  Why can't they open a store in Iowa!??!
@danialexis Aw, maaan. Makes me wish I was still skating. And that I knew where Mishawaka was. 
WTF was that? Indiana 5 minute rainstorm FTL 
I need to get the hell out of Columbus, Ohio and get this music shit together...because Im dying slowly here... 
I might have to move to Missouri. BOO!!!!! 
Eating cherries reminds me of Michigan... I miss home 
@lograr Flint Michigan, its horrible here 
I'm so ready to go to Michigan and see my parents and friends.  Not looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth pulled on Thurday though. 
@SamChampion And rainy and chilly in Bloomington-Normal Illinois 
In response to an earlier blog, I only lend in Illinois 
DYK? Ohio is 2nd only to Missouri in number of puppy mills. 
I have to go to Missouri today 
@russfarm I tried to give love to the Indiana farmers with a video, but they were too busy catching up with planting to stop and talk 
@softball29 (re:Caching) Wish I could...but this crappy NE Ohio weather is no good for it today 
Got a bike!  Except it is in Michigan, and I am in Colombia. 
He's wearing the Flint 13s. I've retired my pair cuz I want them to stay in great condition. I wish I had a 2nd pair. 
Ohio tomorrow! Yayayayay!!!! But I will miss @CristyRae and @Melodiesaywhat 
@jfmecca GM has guaranteed parts and service on all Pontiac's for the next 10 years.  We hate to see Pontiac go 
Heading to Kentucky to sleep in my own bed with @crystalcashmere. I'm going to be depressed cause I need to get season 6 of xfiles 
@LiverpoolMich Aww, is Mich getting embarrassed 
@ddlovato it would be so cool to enter to be in your music video, but i live in Ohio and there is no way i can afford a plane ticket 
@ayapapayajb I'm sorry  I wish I could drive you but uhhm I live in Iowa 
@ddlovato I want to be in your music video super bad! but here I am in Minnesota. 
Xavier left today  and we leave for Indiana in the morning!
@CAROLYNPECK I hope Indiana is motivated by their embarassing loss to Detroit in the playoffs last year.  They DIED in Game 3!  
...when I think about the moonlight on the Wabash, then I long for my Indiana home.  
Yay! I'm free to use the PC for 6hrs.  gotta email my aunts &amp; uncles in Maryland. I so miss them. 
@Gwdeezy Iowa does get the shaft.  I don't know of anywhere online right now. 
Wow. Defiance is really sad. Jews hiding in the woods to get away from Germans during the Holocaust. 
My birthdays soon (well next month) and ive to find something i want ... i really dk  If i could, id get plane tickets to Washington State
@WTFOSO we're sticking close to home this year  having company for 10 days in july.. Next year, I'm goin somewhere! NOT Illinois! beach!
@taylorswift13 I Love Dexter! It's an awesome show. So how did you like being in Ohio? I wish I could have been there but I had to work 
Went to casino in Iowa. It was stinky. Iowa is not smoke-free like Illinois. 
@fitcoach2007 Jealous of the no rain!  Its raining in Wisconsin all weekend    But we will still make it a great weekend!
Rascal Flatts are finally coming to Minnesota and I probably can't go  
Why driving in Minnesota is hard: I can't call my daddy--who could draw an accurate map of the tristate area roads--for backup. 
last day in California  heading back to Michigan tomorrow
Frankenmuth is a no go 
It's raining on my 3 day vacation! No swimming in the Chippewa river for me. 
@ThePISTOL lol. XD too bad you aren't coming to Minnesota. 
@dreabean13 i think of you everytime, too! i miss everything.  we JUST entered Ohio! you know I'll be there!
@LoveAriHerstand no  driving through rainy Indiana on route back to Minneapolis
@joelkonecny I think you took the cold weather down with you from Minnesota 
Storm chasing for me today doesn't look promising.  Storm probability seems to have moved into Iowa; too far to drive.
@Area224 Michigan is one giant casino anymore...I hate hate hate it.  
On my way back from the Maryland ^^ apparently parentals didn't want to sleepover 
@honorsociety i didn't because there's no date in Columbus, Ohio 
Coud cover here in SE Lower Michigan so no occultation viewing from my area &amp; probably no meteor shower in the morning either 
@Elyria me too  I hate it lol
*does dance* I'm in Kentucky... I'm in Kentucky... I'm-- *stops dancing* in Kentucky 
Wishing we were on a plane back home to Minnesota to celebrate with our boys Tone, @FollowActive, and @donperignon! 
@souljaboytellem awww i miss MIchigan  watch out for those chain snatchers lol
Wish I was back in Michigan for the summer  I miss the warm summer nights and the sound of absolutely nothing
Wrecked car...on the middle of nowhere Ohio...waiting for the tow truck 
@TTSTylerNelson I hope 2917 Kling Ave Cincinnati Ohio 45211 United States is not your home address...  there r some scary ppl out here
Finally here in Missouri! I love it here! Jess is here. Sadly she won't be here the first week! 
Going to Marshall Illinois and I forgot my camera... 
getting ready to head out the door for Munster Indiana 
@Strawburry17 I wish they could bottle the smell of campfire. how cool would that be? Gloomy day in Michigan..grr 
Bouta hit the turnpike Toledo here I come 
leaving for Minnesota in a few hours 
@demarhamilton someone needs to let Michigan know this same exact thing 
@alyankovic As well as all of us here in Wisconsin. 
is watching &quot;Defiance&quot;, what a terribly sad film 
I hate Minnesota whether..i'm takin a nap man 
I really wanted triggers down to win Ohio 
Goodbye, rural Indiana, I miss you already.   http://twitpic.com/6v40h
Tornado season  Central Iowa? Not a neat place to be tonight...well...it's kind of neat...but maybe not safe...?
@livingfrisbee I don't have a store closer than Lansing 
@seattlestorm I am a season ticket owner but I scheduled a trip to Ohio the same time as the first game  any updates are appreciated
poor Brian Busby for KMBC 9 News in KC Missouri.. he's gay as christmas.. !   poor lil booger..
You all missed a great night of Indiana cagefighting last night. Some poor kid got his arm broken though    Seen and heard it snap.
@lastsummerhero I'm going to the one in Pontiac  the 26.
@Cass_fryer Sounds amazing.  I feel sick too 
less then one week until i leave for Kansas for a week.  
@Mich80sbaby same thing work 
On my way back to Ohio   I don't want to leave Jersey...such a fun weekend!
Michigan @ Minnesota 2003 is on the Big Ten Network right now. What a comeback. I miss the old Michigan 
Just found out that my dog was born may 18th 2003. And she's from Missouri so she is 42 years old now. We never celebrated her bd before 
Ben's in Italy and I'm in... Ohio  This isn't fair 
Heading back to MN soon.... My Kansas adventure has come to an end... 
gah!  switchfoot is gonna be in Michigan this week.  i may stay in bed all day with very depressed and disappointed feelings.  siiigh.  
I'm off to work. This is sad because I'm in Kansas and I hear that there are decent waves at the beach today. So sad for me. 
In Illinois, the management does not care about your convenience, at least as applied to protective toilet seat covers. Not even at McDs 
Just got the call that I leave at 1300hrs tomorrow for Alpena, MI.  Weeklong mock deployment. Yay! 
sun went away  ugh i hate Nebraska! i want it to be sunny!
@PaulaAbdul NOOoooo not awesome *pouts* was rooten for me home team from Michigan 
I need to back in Lansing asap  hmph!
Is highly depressed because we're not going to Michigan this summer as planned. I'm so tired of being stuck home with the kids! 
@ebassman I'd join ya but I'm in Ohio.      we just must not be meant to be ha ha ha that's a tongue twister!
@wxcenter oops, guess its not Lake Michigan. 
Anyone know of a place to get good student loans or scholarships I'm going to need them now!!! Michigan economy sucks 
@CaitlinMac I moved from Michigan to Texas in December. I'm SO not looking forward to summer. It's already in the 90s here. 
Ohio does NOT have all the same laws as Kentucky.  And not as good of an online test 
In Marquette...loving it here!!! Does not want to leave 2maro  !!!
so jealous of @kaitfoley09 , she is hanging out with the pens players at the bars and I am in Warren Ohio.... lameeeee 
Missouri having RED weather alert -- dangerous storm full of electricity, high wind, hail, rain, I may have to shut down computer 
@victhehorrible I cant drive there from Chicago easily though  Im hoping to go to Michigan or Ohio for a day or two next month.
How in the hell is anyone supposed to sleep through this? Missouri weather fails. 
@BigDaveP I can't get over that Letterman is from Indianapolis where I live!  People here have a lot more CLASS! 
Cities are digging up old laws to create cash/revenue, Toledo Ohio Residents can vouch! Parking your car on unpaved driveway costs $25! 
Now in Indiana. I wish the rain would stop. This doesn't feel like summer. 
I'm busy in Kokomo being stood up for an appt. 
Looking at other 5x5 caches.  One in SE Missouri might be worth taking a look at.  One in Arkansas not 2 far away but a multi. 
@BEEEfierce87 Michigan!! Womppppp! 
my staufs.com order just arrived, and it's clearly been in a non-ACed fedex truck since Ohio. Beans are warm to the touch 
Ahhh, I miss my Ohioans 
Sad that there won't be a interview and Kansas State Bank because of conflicts with school 
http://tinyurl.com/m9uqd6 Did you stop and think Indiana Jones wasn't raped enough in crystal skull? GET READY FOR Indiana Jones 5!! 
I need to get outta Ohio ASAP this place is seriously stressing me OuT 
@CuteBookWorm If you fastforward this part then I wouldn't have a friend from Kansas.... 
@jodydh Ohio?! and i was going to go in on Friday.  . Ill leave your sweater on your chair like always.
@wrens No laptop, I can't even count the number of times I was sidetracked today    and b4 I forget, F the Illinois tollway Authority!
No plane to Alabama, no Pennsylvania and New York, and no 100 Monkeys. 
@thunter86 Holy shit I just got done almost crying because my ear hurts so bad   stupid Indiana weather.
A boy from Ohio has my heart. And I really wish he didn't. 
In Cleveland, OH, on a layover to Michigan. Its way too early! Ugh and the weather is so glooming! 
@muzlimz it's a rainy morning here as the sun rises in Muskegon, Michigan in the USA. But the air is cool. I don't think it'll stay cool. 
Muncie, hospital, dad cancer surgery...not good 
We r currently following a HOUSE through the back roads of Minnesota! 
Watching old Hawkeye FB game from 1990 on BTN against Ohio State. I remember this game from when I was 10 years old! Too bad Hawks lost 
Nashville is amazing!! I don't want to leave!! I'm going back to Kentucky for a day, then shittty Michigan 
@angelmarie1211 oh yes! our hugs were epic! I live with charles in Indiana. I am so far away from you my dear.  How are you?
@nyssa Effingham, Illinois people... Dern hicks 
I can't get the new iPhone update until my phone arrives from Michigan 
Rainy day in Michigan 
Just lost $100 in keno. Urgghhh. I hate working in a bar when its slow  Officially giving up on donating 2 Michigan schools, lol.
Ewwwww you're so far from Michigan!!        
Not happy! Just noticed I got bleach on my favorite Manistee t-shirt. 
Youngstown to  Ravenna appointment in the rain, now Impala not starting. Still raining &amp; I am stuck 
@erbmicha my in-laws live in Michigan and have the same problem 
in my original column I had a phone interview, the Dayton sponsor's and how the Cincinnati pride went, guess that was not important. 
@moonfrye  at a little restaurant called CR Thomas's in Ohio, so good, and a magical night I won't ever forget!!! It is closed now 
@Lilitree no I'm in Maryland.  but that woulda been an idea!
@KatieD80 No, I live in Michigan.    I wish I could bake cupcakes and send them through the computer screen!!
@BlatzLiquor Not a Milwaukee event?   Watch out Ohio!!!
I have the urge to watch RENT the movie after seeing the live show, but I left the movie in Ohio. 
Just got off the phone with AA and canceled our trip to Ohio this weekend   Now it's time to start packing and moving.
So, if we're right in the middle of the red spot on the radar, that's bad, right? Iowa makes me want to sleep in the basement sometimes.  
@dhannifin yea my GF's parents have u-verse in Michigan, dvr is much better, and so is the guide. Comcast works, and is all I can get 
On my way to Dayton again this morning...more bad news to report to this montessori school I'm working on  
@TheNessaM http://twitpic.com/7femy - AW!!!!! Too cute! I miss my Suzy.  I'm in Maine for the week and I left her back home, in Ohio,  ...
http://bit.ly/bI5qj  Michigan Unemployment now 14.1%  ..so sad 
bored. stuck at home because of the rain. this is ruining my plans for the day Dayton. 
i'm starting to get concerned:  phone's still on hold and in Kentucky 
@HooeyBatiks We're not allowed to have chickens in Champaign.    I am soooo envious of Urbana residents!
6am flight tomorrow!  Indiana for a few days, then Florida! 2 weddings and a funeral.... then lots of fun in the sun!
Why couldn't I still be at Indiana Beach instead of being back here at the office.  
omg, I have to wake up 4:00 in the morning just to go to Pennsylvania  I don't wanna go...
@RNpathways Connecticut  I want the sun
A new report reveals that most - 89%!!!! - of gay and lesbian youth in Illinois are harassed. (not okay) 
Wishing I was in Ohio so that @davewesleep could serenade me 
Omw back from Wisconsin, bored out of my mind and so regretful of coming  Who is doing what and where?  www.happyandhealthynow.com
@ShoelessMan hills in Kansas? but Kansas is flat...but now my mom wants me to go there tomorrow, but step dad says no, i'm stuck in btwn 
@mileycyrus i know i am too! i'm in boring old Pennsylvania! 
@newsboys: nice how was the concert in Michigan? I wanted 2 go relly bad,but i had 2 work.  .
is in Kentucky...wishing someone was talkin to me so I might get to see him... 
My dot is in Michigan for the summer near the Great Lakes while I suffer in nearly 100 degree heat in Arkansas. Not fair! 
@backstreetboys Indiana misses you, it's lonely here without you  #BSB
@Alivian  you make me sad Iowan!
@officialTila I wish i lived in Hollywood. I would deffently come to ur party and party down with ur sexy ass ... but i live in Kentucky 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/7rxj5 - A little jealous here in Ohio 
@_jkd its hot  lol hows Kansas ??
Wide awake and have been for over an hour. Shiraz's fault. He's left for Michigan now. Ugh. 
@Mich80sbaby no u been ignoring me talkin to all your other twitter people but me 
Last day of my intership at the Ohio Department of Agriculture 
Storm's in Michigan today......figure's......it's my day off!  
heading back to Ohio today. 
IU's theater department can suck it. I'm stuck in Bloomington a week AFTER my lease runs out. I'm gonna be homeless y'all 
My baby's heading to Mansfield Ohio today......  I get lonely when he goes away...good thing my friend Sabrina is moving here today!!!
@trillian1117 Dayton Ohio area. We're bidding farewell to the boys' Godfather. They are moving to London for 3 years 
Last day in Indiana for awhile.  home tonight for Adam's party and going home to visit me Dad snd friends in Florida tomorrow!!
I am almost text my friend to meet me at Alden and I am in Cincinnati... 
Getting away from this hole in the wall Missouri town for another one in Kansas. Spending the weekend with Ashley. A lot on my mind 
On my way to Ohio! Just passed the Fair Oaks farm, but my dad said we couldn't go...  lol
@billycurrington I am SO upset I can't be there!!!! I live in Evansville but am in Florida right now  I tried so hard to get out of coming
I'm beyond worried about my boyfriend driving up to Michigan on his motorcycle right now 
In Ohio again! But going to go west soon   I'll miss Ohio
Oregon unemployment No. 2 in nation,again, second-highest jobless rate, at 12.4 percent in May, behind only Michigan http://bit.ly/gFNcx 
im goin to Witchita for the weekend then leaving Cambria in Oklahoma with Daniels mom for the week! im gunna be lost without her  ily CLW!
@redeyechicago- Severe thunderstorm watch continues til 3. Tornado watch til 7 for NW Indiana and Lake Michigan. What a dismal update. 
im going to Wichita for the weekend then leaving Cambria in Oklahoma with Daniels mom for the week! im gunna be lost without her  iLy CLW!
Sitting lakeside having a Michigan moment.  Two year old is happy Buzz Lightyear loves Mich too.  Mon=jury duty 
yay more storms and warning here in Central Illinois 
Home. Rockford was great! ..but I left my pillow there  Also, I have to find a father's day present!
I wish I could attend IMATS.  Fuuuuuuu Pennsylvania.
I hate mi weather  drove from the sunny side now stuck with rain back in Lansing!
Ugh. Tornado watch until 3 in the morning. One of the things I really don't like about living in Indiana. 
My feelings are hurt  I miss my true friends in Ohio.
finally back on the road! Last stop of tour  Richmond, Indiana be ready
Mallards in a rain delay ...  the ultimate Wisconsin cultural experience may be a wash out 
It is uncomfortably hot and humid in Ohio Hall... 
@jamiexvx I hate taking them so much  I always mess the Michigan Ave. ones up.
20 minutes back in Youngstown and I want to leave!.. And @VBabey5 I am severely hurt I was not invited to this wine fiesta! 
@ddlovato ya riiight Connecticut is the most boring place on the earth.... wiiish i could go to the concert 
Trying to go to sleep I miss the hubby shoulda had him come to Ohio 
I wish I was in Connecticut 
Shouldve stayed home or in Sandusky, what was I thinking? Who would possibly mistake me for cute or attractive? #fml x 1000 
My mammaw in Kentucky passed away at 4:30 this morning 
I love me some rain but watching the Amish in a carriage in it make me a little sad 
Feeling left out because no one from #pco09 is responding to my Podcamp Ohio Tweets   I'm sad LOL
@jenscloset lucky you! It was supposed to be &quot;nice&quot; here in Maryland, now it's pouring rain! lying weather forecasters 
@LionelatDell I'd guess but I live in Washington State...so I wouldn't be able to attend 
@princessnaked  if i lived in Michigan, i'd play D&amp;D with you!
Celebrated 'Sweet 16' anni w/hubby yesterday. Traveled to Mid-Ohio...didn't get to see the race though.  
@UbuntuENT I'm so jealous! Say hi to Akron for me 
Heading to Cedarville in search of fun...but this nausea and fever might spoil it 
Winnebago is bleeding green stuff! I wish i knew jack about cars. I hope we make it to the show.  
We have a weeper on the track, so qualifications are being delayed a little bit. Chance of rain tonight and tomorrow in Iowa. 
Mich is throwing up.. 
in Illinois for the night....at a campground, but it's not a KOA  WTF
My parents and sisters are leaving for Wisconsin tomorrow morning... Ugg  I don't wanna be here with my dad by myself. Its going to suck
@SionneRoberts Drive to Holland, Michigan unfortunately. 
@kellbell68 I'd shape shift then go to Ohio and then........nvm I'll behave 
I wish the weather forecast was for rain tommorow.    Why can i not get my way when it comes to weather?  Illinois = suck
@withoutastapler 2.5 months left until Benzie. Fuck work, I'm going to Benzie - will be my last year, most likely. 
@michmarm the cute ones are from boring states like Iowa or Idaho. Not local 
Watching &quot;Defiance&quot; with the husband.  So heavy and making me so sad 
I'm terrible at this game. I lost all my oxen,my wagon,and 2 of my kids drowned trying to cross the Kansas River. 
headed back to Missouri today  guess the honeymoon is almost over 
@Indiana17 I want chicken and pork roast too!! 
- packing up to come home from Muskegon. I had a lot of fun but this sunburn is killing me. 
Going to the Iowa Indy 250 today - looks like rain all day. Raining now 
Time to leave Michigan...... back to Ohio  
Indiana is being exceptionally barky this morning. 
just finished packing for badger state in Oshkosh, wont be on for a week... 
is sending out postcards to Florida, Belarus and Wisconsin, then putting laundry away 
@SuzeOrmanShow I live in Michigan it's over 14%....I'm self employed and had to lay off several people to survive 
@steph0515 Michigan really sucks, unemployment is 14.8% &amp; detroit area (where I live) 22% I may lose my home 
@megcabot Pretty soon Ohio libraries won't be able to buy your books   http://www.saveohiolibraries.com #saveohiolibraries
@mrsellars You know, I gave serious consideration to driving to Ohio to meetcha.... then found out where Newark is.   No can do.
I miss Michigan 
@CrispCoCo - Wichita, damn Kansas. I almost fellout LOL'in in the room. Dont let me tell how he &quot;aint shitting like [he] supposed to be.&quot; 
My family just left bck to Kentucky  I miss thm!!
Not good when the Tourism Bureau for Illinois has a bad unsubscribe link in their email 
im siiiiiiiiiiccckkk!! and all from swimming in Lake Michigan 
@neilhimself *gasps* - we should slap him repeatedly with rulers.  Something else to be ashamed of for Ohio 
why would someone want to play water polo or go to Nebraska when they could go to summer school?? 
@perkyanda It makes me mad that she went to Michigan too. 
Just leaving for St.Joseph,Missouri to pick up brother from scout summer camp early due to a knee injury  http://myloc.me/5fhp
@selves remember that the run for Muncie will be in the middle of the day, need to get used to heat running  I need to take my own advice
Perhaps I flying to Ohio in the near future. Family things. 
A Minnesota gal was found guilty of illegally downloading music and was fined 1.9 million dollars for 24 songs... 80 grand per song 
so RF has like 3 tour dates in Ohio..but we can't manage 1 in Washington??  It makes my heart sad.
Enjoying Dayton and really wishing that I didn't have to keep studying. 
Going to miss Emily when she goes to Michigan for a week and a half.  
Watching &quot;The Crucible&quot; omg Winona... why are you so evil? 
All of my friends will be back at Flagler next semester! Except Annika, she is back in Michigan. 
@fbrstreetteam We've gotta get GGGB up in Kentucky dude!! I always get so stoked when I see new stations added but they're never here. 
drinkin some beers in Indiana...worried about my cupcake. 
missing my dude  I go back to him in 10 days  byebye Michigan.  http://twitpic.com/89a1p
@mileycyrus oh man Jamba juice is the best!! But we don't have it in Illinois either 
I am wondering if Carls JR. took away their Kentucky Bourbon burger... 
In Ohio. Ate too much again.  
@TranquilMammoth I stopped caring about warped. Not a single good band makes the trip down to Wisconsin or even Illinois. 
@deidre_1922  ummmmhmmm SURE YOU ARE! LOL and I'm in NUPEVILLE, Indiana! LOL
Roadtripping to Ohio! Yucky rainy weather so far. 
@marcusbailey Awh, that's 2 bad for us in Pontiac!   I don't blame u for passing on our evening of fun tho, I would 2 if I were u... lol
Oh my god, i can't believe it Shaq in Ohio 
Only in Kentucky and my phone is half drained. Something is definitely wrong with it 
Packing up a day bag. I'm driving to Toledo today to see Jordan. I haven't seen her in over a month. Growing up sucks. 
@EAJosh @EADave i wish I could come to a show, but you aren't coming to Wisconsin 
@twliciousness  @badbanana A new report ranks Nebraska number one in fiscal happiness. I th.. http://tinyurl.com/cda68o
Nothing could be finer.....Carolina 89,  Michigan State 72....Family weekend full success!  
'Tis a beautiful day in paradise, how to get there from Michigan is a mystery to me 
@dougiemcfly Mich?! haha anyway i'm drawing a picture of you at the moment and you're hair is annoying me haha  x
@dougiemcfly well then hello Mich  i love you xoxo
@dougiemcfly serious?change your name? Mich is a decent name 
First Iowa, now Vermont. Good week 
Snowing in Ohio, seems like an appropriate song to listen to  ? http://blip.fm/~3xn3g
First Iowa legalizes same-sex marriage, now Vermont? Good job USA! 
I used to live in Indiana 
It's finally warm in Michigan.  Hopefully winter is finally over 
is going to Sonic in Ohio today 
Another beautiful day here in Minnesota! Lots to do ... clean, wash clothes, get oil change, buy rest of my supplies for CCD, walk, smile 
http://twitpic.com/3j3mg - Lake Michigan  be jealous
@jonheller A popular thing to do when moms from Ohio visit, as I can attest. 
@aplusk yea as an Iowa State student i was quite taken aback, but since its Veishea us Cyclones can drown our sorrows in the festivities 
it's 76 degrees right now in Michigan! Ohh yeah!  AWesome! very cool to have the warm weather back!
@kevinhart4real curtious of Akron Ohio 
@solangeknowles try brazzaz (brazilian steakhouse) 539 N Dearborn downtown. It's REALLY nice 
I wonder why they don't have good tv channels in Kentucky? 
@Nicoleedits How long will you be in Michigan?  Luckily you are here during the good weather 
@ecodecor i didn't know you were an OSU fan!  i'm from Ohio too 
@lesliekbell lol... you are right about that! and especially in Michigan! the weather fluctuates so much here because of homes lakes! 
@nick_carter If  I lived in Cali hell ya but i live in Ohio. So i will jus download some good music n watch a movie 
@babyd510 sounds like you went to Ohio on the way home. U hookers. 
@angiechaplin Are you in Milwaukee or Iowa? And how'd you find me?! Anyhoo, my momma's moved back to Iowa. Spent many a summer there. 
@SirBob I dream of Iowa in comparison to Ikea. 
@cthulhullahoop That sucks...I like living in Coopersville, I don't need no special bags or anything 
going to Wisconsin Dells today!! 
sunny but very windy..Ill take sun   Maine sunny days seem few and far between
@MussoMitchel Michigan soon?? I've been demanding it 
Having an early dinner with my mom and gparents then heading back to Illinois! 
I'm dying to be back in Rockford with my friends. But life is looking up 
I share my birthday with the State of Alabama, it became a state on my birthday 
@bell0004 Don't be hatin' on Lansing. I told you the state is much more inhabitable when it's not the dead of winter. Now do you see? 
@deanisgod you'll get the hang of it Mich 
@FinnPoitier and if you have a secret, Winona gonna help you keep it  I'll be there and you can whisper it.. hihi.
@patient_warrior did I send you wrong state...no he was in MN-Minnesota...my mind is blogged 
@thomasfiss Do you knoe if &quot;Tweet about you&quot; is going to play on the radio in Ohio? i'd really like to hear it hear on the radio 
@dlueking I'm not in Kentucky!  I am just going to the local track in CLE for the Kentucky Derby party.  I'm placing some serious bets. 
is hanging with some of the best people in Maryland  Yay for a  new place and fun roomies!
Welcoming another baby boy into the world and wishing I could be in Ohio to help/love on all the kids 
seitzy.com is going to be a website that talks about wandering through the wonderful state of Michigan! I am working on it! 
Just went and saw Defiance...was good ! !  
Arkansas humidity is just like, well, Oklahomas humidity 
on our way to Ohio for Uncle Jim's wedding...  
Loving Derby day! Kisses to my horses, lovely Kentucky ladies, and strong bourbon drinks.  Doesn't get much better than this 
@crowderband come to Chillicothe Ohio and play it live for us. 
@iGrace name of the horse slated to win the Kentucky Derby today...they &quot;benched&quot; him for a small ankle hotspot. 
Michigan for the day.. Spending the day outside 
@aminatou Kentucky Derby party?  On the way to buy hats 
take me homeeee countryyy roaddds. ah the midwest 
Watching the Kentucky Derby 
Having fun with the girls in Fort Wayne Indiana. Senior skip day is monday. text it. 
@daihard I'm headed to Kentucky this time. Never been so it should be fun!  ? http://blip.fm/~5gqz1
@NextwaveRay I just asked @donutfan and he's been to Buckeye several years ago. He's gonna take me soon. 
getting ready to wake the fam- rise and shine, time to go to church!  btw, it's a beautiful day in SE Wisconsin...
@kurtmaddox You are soooo sweet! Kentucky is not far to travel  How was the Derby? I can't believe I am typing. Hard time seeing LOL
Heading to church in Canton, MI!  
@dvs - well, I'll look the other way.   As long as you learn something about Kentucky, that's all that matters!
@ashleyloveday26 thanx  I go to Kentucky State University
EEEEK! I possibly maybe might be able to see @holidayparade in Maryland! And possibly maybe @rosita_is_cooo would want to come with me? 
@Lefreak78 hey have u seen the hollywood vs Ohio pics of celebrities?? Really funny!!  (via @nsane8)no...I'll check it out
@TammyMStephens Now that I have my Ohio connection. 
@finickymia let me guess...Maryland? LOL! =p hooray for protected Tweets! 
@BenKasica Iowa is like that sometimes, it gets frustrating. 
@LostinSweden too bad I don't drink  But Kentucky is cool tho.All my friends lived in Cincy and I was driving across existance every wknd.
@Chippewa29 they just said she was very elusive; should be tricky 
@CloverandBee YEA!! Way to go! Super excited for a great Midwest resource!!! Midwest pride! 
Trying to look up Iowa State Fair Art entry information. Hope to get a piece in this year and maybe win something or get noticed. 
LOVED AP Tour in Columbus, OH last night! I'm still exhausted! Goin to bed now so sweet dreams!! gnight!! 
Loving Lego Indiana Jones. A game-researching aracheologist's dream 
*sings along to Ohio Is for Lovers*  Yeah, @brittanyfrazier's and my hearts are totally in Ohio... simply because #rotr is in seven days 
is havin some bourbon and beer!  lovin Kentucky
Champaign must have been too much for @TheRockstarMama!!!  
@wmiar you're from Clarkson, Kentucky, population 794. http://bit.ly/7HcJh   do u even have traffic stops in your town, miss &quot;genius&quot;?  
@triciabobeda How's East Lansing holding up? Our roots are pure Michigan State. 
&quot;What if my life goal was to be a black man?&quot; I was completely serious when I asked that. Mesa so tired! Almost home(Ohio version)! 
This made me smile. I love storms too. @WayToTheDawn: Im not sure when Indiana became Scotland, but I'm lovin all the rain. 
On my way to Illinois  @jenyak @vikka I will miss you guys.
Midwest Moodswings goes to bed earlier than a 4th graderrr 
@in8medium I will be in Ohio in December!  But that's a ways away!  
Just got back from Indiana me,mom,and bro r coin to eat at ihop. Raining hard 
enjoying this beautiful Kentucky dayyyy!! outside with the bro. hit up the cell. 
@Iowa656 Of course I will! 
@UndeniableQueen You never cease to amaze me! The full package! ...I might be packing my bags for Maryland! 
@JackAllTimeLow you'll come back to Indiana very soon, if you know what's good for you 
I am not a Giants fan, but I am sure happy they beat the Mets.  Met fans are very arrogant... just like Notre Dame and Ohio State fans.  
Topeka Kansas - Wolfram|Alpha http://bit.ly/r77Jw Almost 1000' above the sea 
@comeagainjen I come from MIchigan 
@OurLittleAcre He looks kinda cold  I grew up in central Ohio - don't recall ever seeing any bluebirds there...
@dannygokey   super sad to see you have 2 leave last week .. we still love you here in Wisconsin ! 
@danileedlee i'd drive you to school, but you know....i live in Michigan. 
@roscopcoletrane Don't you love those deceiving Michigan mornings? Thanks but I already checked the weather. 
@GlennHair3 What's with the coats?  I live in Michigan, lucky it's not snowing 
In Maryland 
Already looking forward to the extended weekend, nothing like Summertime in Northern Michigan 
@MarthaStewart Thanks for coming to Inforum Michigan - everyone enjoyed your talk! Only standing ovation in last 8 years 
@boulderquest I'm going to the Centerville Ohio Quest center. Master Hayes was standing less than ten feet away when I got my belt! 
We are out of Illinois and into Missouri! 
I just crossed the Wabash. I can already smell the new-mown hay. 
is getting ready for weekend in Bloomington, Illinois with the parents and siblings! 
In Cleveland, Ohio. Been there done that. 
@8101harris @agallihar  Thanks for the props, and we appreciate you for following Central Ohio's News Leader.  
first day at ALIVE this morning  then hitting the open road for Indiana...
@KevinWGrossman Going to the cottage in Wisconsin 
packing my bag.... about to head to Maryland 
I'm pretty happy right now. I'm in Minnesota and eating dill pickle chips like a mad man. 
@OhMyEffinGen Ohio-Just for my sisters wedding, the to Florida with the family  About 10 days all in all, not too long
@pytdee I have family in Sandusky and Cleveland brings back fond memories of childhood. 
@petewentz you, your wife, Iowa, gays getting hitched...all things that are cool with me  #fuckprop8
@FHbrandon Iowa is pretty boring.. should have came to MN! 
@aplusk do you get homesick for Iowa? I am dying to go home and I only live in Minnesota. 
@lartist I'd get it just for the epic promotion . Unlike Indiana Jones, this crystal skull won't let us down 
Would like to be in Ohio right now 
@atL3x You're the silly one for compromising with a hooker from Kentucky 
