Most common words for this cluster:
[('ok', 577), ('i', 56), ('time', 42), ('lol', 38), ('day', 35), ('na', 29), ('night', 26), ('quot', 25), ('tomorrow', 25), ('okay', 25), ('today', 24), ('work', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ok', 0.9508451819419861), (u'Okay', 0.8303960561752319), (u'Hmm', 0.7552862763404846), (u'lol', 0.7380158305168152), (u'Haha', 0.7374346852302551), (u'Uh', 0.7370791435241699), (u'Alrighty', 0.7357457280158997), (u'Hahaha', 0.7342543601989746), (u'Ummmm', 0.7337206602096558), (u'Hmmm', 0.7313992977142334)]





@Kal_Penn Ok well I think I just got a spoiler for this episode, I haven't seen it yet, i'm in the UK!!  gutted now.
it's tuesday...The Su couldn't sleep last night...BTW:orange juice right after brushing ones teeth with cinnamon toothpaste=yuck 
Ok, I'm calling it. Still too sick to drive to O-land for Barcamp tomorrow 
Ok, I didn't make it to Coffea   Tomorrow, after work I'll be stopping in.
Ok, no gold, Nate lost the first round 
Aaaaannnnd my iPod Touch just told me I have 10% battery remaining...  I guess this means goodnight, my fellow Tweeple? Ok.
Ok ok ... after lotsa pleading from @omshreshti am leaving my comp for him to watch Wall E 
Ok, I literally can't keep my eyes open any longer. I'll fix my layout tomorrow after work.  Night. &lt;3
Ok so I had a not so brillant idea to go to the store before the rain...Made it 2 streets only to be blinded by the rain..back home now 
Ok, Ill back out slowly....Sorry, abt the other Tweets, I post....This why no1 luvs me. Coz, I like gross stuff. People, dont like it. 
Ok fire marshal is tripping. We r at capacity at Sugarhill. Had to turn people away.  and the damn AC is not working. What a night!
Ok, guys...how many of you speak Neat and Mature English?  And why you guys always go JUDGE people when you find somebody from abroad? 
Ok. Thats 2 nights in a row. Whataburger has f**ked me again 
Ok, live show tonight at 8pm uk (3pm ET ) link to be posted soon. Won't be a long one tonight, 1 hour max I'm afraid 
Ok, Zoe can go to bed at 7 or midnight, she's going to wake up by 5:30am no matter what 
Ok wtf. Why did my pc reboot itself last night? I lost all my Firefox tabs 
Ok folks, the weekend is over  Wash this mask off, moisturise and then sleep time.
@bluorchid Ok, my home town... no good to me now that I'm living in Melb though  Thanks anyway
Ok, so I am currently planning what the hell I am going to do now. TLD may not make it at this point. Poor show, had a good premise. 
Ok well now it's time for me to head to bed, have uni tomorrow  Bye for now xoxo.
Ok i found themmm! Going home soon to clean all day 
@PAN1F Ok I am all for that. I mean, seriously, how dare they take my cereal away. And me, a loyal customer all my life. 
Ok, Man Utd just lost the fa cup semis 
Ok..It's all good.. beautiful.. No clean up required.. Time to head back to AL. 
Omg, my dog almost died! (Ok maybe not, but it definitely was scary) He choked or something.. I was scared 
Ok - spoke too soon   Still very misty and looks like it may hang around. Bummer.
@b_club I love green, but purple is nice to. BTW, will you be restocking the Maze t-shirt? It's listed as sold out now 
(@DrrlNclye) Ok, shut-up. I Microwaved it. Meat-balls was too cold. 
zzzZZZZzzzz just 1 answer. Ok then I will buy Prada. Thank you all 
Ok...I'm getting up now I swear... Ohhh I don't wanna go to work... 
Ok Lovers!! I'm out.....gotta wake up b4 the sun to do prom hair!! YAY!!  PEACE!!!
Ok.... Ill runn it off now.... No fun 
Ok, apparently BOTH broadcast sites are killing my machine today, so broadcast called off. Sorry. 
Ok sad for 2 things 1) I lost a very important bracelet mom gave me  2) @alithered77 TOUCHED JJ!! She broke her promise! lmao ;)
@joeymcintyre I'm ur supporter and I've been telling u I'm coming on Friday. Heck I live in NYC. Ha. Ok I know u weren't talking about me 
Start from scratch. Scratching is not good for you sash. Ok uni and then work again  sigh..
Ok, I suppose I should go to bed.  Apparently SSR filters don't like my face.  
@bexdeep Aaarh! Don't make me defend Apple  Ok, so maybe someone else did it....
@johnhenry20  The LOL part is Tuck Tuckerton there is my analyst. Ok, maybe not so LOL 
@denajporter it's not me. Promise. Hahaha. Ok kinda creepy huh? 
Watching? Mate I wouldn't put my life on hold for Mancs (utd or city). Anyway, our league finished last week 
@gavhudson Watching? Mate I wouldn't put my life on hold for Mancs (utd or city). Anyway, our league finished last week 
@LauraaaaSmith Ok, did you watch the scrubs Finale?  
Ok up and about. Recovered from last night, bacon sandwich did the job. Already spent too much money and the day ain't finished 
Ok. Rinse. Repeat. Between the losses for @FCGoldPride and @Arsenal, it has been a sad, sad week in my soccer world 
Ok, bird in small cat crate as temp shelter on porch. Seeds, water &amp; towel keep him cozy for the night.  Figure out what to do tomorrow. 
@annettekelley  Ok you're a sensitive, I was just looking at you, I swear!  Never tweeted b4 &amp; there you are. Hiya! &amp; nope cant say I can 
Okay that's scary !! Thunder and lighting out  .. Lighting just strikes over my house ahhhhhh
Ok....so..no pictures yet...no web page!!! this is driving me mad!!! Having  such a hard time.... 
Ok gonna shut down, its storming REALLY bad now  Plus twitter is not updating right!
Ok so my Gravity works fine for me but NOT Tweetdeck. Damn! 
@Somecitygirl HAHAHAHA Ok sry 
Okay, so english exam tomorrow. Revising. Gonna flop though. I can FEEL it. 
Ok i'm bored... Wat shall i do? Rly wish i can drive 
Ok i'm bored... Wat shall i do? Rly wish i can drive 
Ok so I have been soooo lazy today......no tweets.......ny hubby says &quot;you suck&quot;!! Sorry I'll do better. 
@KISHAAA Ok, on the 1.5 update, when I reply to a Tweet, the keyboard doesn't come up unless I click the &quot;Getting Friends&quot; thing. 
Ok, been through every music channel on Sky &amp; not one thing I like! How can that be?! Booooo! 
Ok I came home early so I can sleep early...its almost 1.  Coffee is a must in the morning...
@ARustedSmile Ouch. Ok then, you're in trouble! 
@Dannymcfly Judd's so gorgeous! He's more than hot, he's boiling, on fire! Hahahaha Ok, terrible joke, whatever. 
Ok... before I leave REALLY, REALLY leave this time... I just gotta say that... I totally hope R takes K to Cannes. He's on his way now. 
Ok, that wasn't too bad, but here's the ugly one - importing my 1.1 GB PST file from my old desktop...  
@TheMightyFoz Ok. I Imdb'd her. I don't watch SNL and I don't recall seing her b4. I feel lame. 
@mediumgeek Ok, but mine was not a hangover. Stomach greeblies.  Rum just brought them out with a vengeance.
@immajedi AWWW. Ok I'm jealous. I wanted to go to Cali for a long time. No such luck. Hell, I have family there that I never met. 
@westonbuck You're hurting meeee  Ok, do you hate them just because of Ant's voice?
Ok, it's true... we forgot we had a twitter acct.   So, let the games begin. Not  stylish but the theme is in style - http://bit.ly/uj5Ep
Ok. Nevermind. I'm back. I'm supposed to watch TV. But cable's gone. 
@MikeSnedegar Ok TAO had two shot outs in this song +10 but the song is no bueno -20  http://bit.ly/r9aM0
Ok 3rd shoot of Sambuca + its still not helping my throat 
Ok jk no gnight tweets lol...I cant sleeeeep!  GOD You gave it all for me, my soul desire my everything &amp; all that i am is devoted to you!
Is missing the Abu Dhabi Oasis........Ok maybe that's a slight lie, but I am missing the WRC   Please don't crash Jari.
Ok. I am lame. Emo mood over. Took out on wroooong people. I &lt;3 my LTR chicies. I sorry. 
@honeyb1104 SLIPPING!  Ok, so I have no idea.  It's just auditions, though.  I DVR'd, but didn't watch, yet! 
Ok. Pause you can't do a #ff sick! Chuuch. Whoever I missed I'll get you on the rebound   Catch y'all later....later
@kellie  Me too. I hate flying with the lurg. Lucky thing. Hmm, Scottsdale&gt;Amsterdam... Yeh, I think you made the right decision.
Ok so somehow ashwee managed to make a WHOLE bottle of purple Punky explode all over the bathroom and even some on the carpet 
Hmm, not much of a run log anymore. Too lazy  Ok, update: Wk 1: 35.1mi, Wk 2: 46.6mi. Just did 10 more @7:08: http://tinyurl.com/ltgp8h
Ok see I'm out! Cuz I'm gettin billboarded on Twitter like an Ad Campaign! 
Ok so I did shed a few tears watching the preview for next weeks Medium. I'm so scared. I'm so addicted to this show. I love it 
Ok I might be a lil slow what does &quot;FF#&quot; mean?!  http://myloc.me/1Zx6
Ok why am I still in the airport and my flightwas @ 1:47pm I haven't even boarded  http://myloc.me/1ZPI
@TehCheapOne Ok, im not really that far yet  On the 2nd part of 4. Wish she did them earlier though, like mid day so I could be involved
Ok, i've eaten some food and now bored to death in my room. Seriously, there is nothing to do. Guitar been taken to the venue! 
Ok, so I know it's nearly 10:30pm here but @martylyn made me want some ice cream... I can't get the Italian stuff though 
Ok so I'm fuckin hungry....!  I'm fat I know..I know..! Aha
Ok so any ideas of what to do tomorrow to make it fun? Cause i dont know what to do 
@richardescobar  Ok, just noticed it is in theatres now - don't know when it's showing in Vancouver though 
Ok so Jeff looks like he has a black eye!! 
Ok im good again . Headed home i look like a wet dog 
Ok.ok. Last song before masuk kerja. Lagu wajib!! RAIN aku! Full house OST. Unmyong means fate. Too bad he's not in Full House 2. 
Ok i know i can be risky ... But i officially declare myself a wuss. I HATE lightning and thunder storms when im alone! 
Ok shit! Some of this is pretty harsh man 
Ok....so in 'Ye a singer now or what? :\ And is this a STRAIGHT talk-box album? I jus' wanna know. 
Ok.. bout to cry watchin this little Denver behind the scene thingy... 
Ok this stinks, storm came and all the power is out--that means no Laker game! No internet which means no score--fine I'll go to bed 
Ok... no one else is in here...    Feel like chatting... and no one answers...
Ok, I'm having very inappropriate sexual related thoughts about the Sheriff standing in front of me 
@dannygokey Ok that just stinks!!  Where did your luggage travel to...or are they still trying to figure that out?    Bummer.
@clicktokill Urgh. But we make a good team what  Just the two of us against the whole world. Ok lah but we suck as survivors HAHA
Ok I am going to bed now.....satin sheets and a nice fluffy comforter...oh wait, scratch that....its in the hamper  BAH!!!
@MakingOurEscape OO yea i rmb discussin this last night, no catwalk    Ok we will go early.. stand again or sit on the seats?
Ok what to do with a 21month old on a beautiful day like today, nearest beach is Bout 40mins so not an option 
@luckytrinket WTF :S.Fuckin  mosquitoes  lol Aww,hun.Ok ttyl,love *Hugs* *-*
Ok, i'm outta hre ....That BAD 'egg' has ruined my twitter breakfast. My 'spider senses' wr tingling re: that 1! Sad 2 b rt sometimes.  
Ok right now i have like 400 &amp; somthing pics 2 edit. Its going 2 B a long day, really cuz i was suppose of done this since FEB, Smh 
Ok, I've got my letter written to Picture People and I'm sitting here very lonely cause my kids are out of town and my hubby's golfing 
Ok, the morning started pretty good, but of course that didn't last. I'm all emotional and depressed again. Fuggin Melancholy! 
Ok, now I remember why I hate going to Lowe's 
Ok, awake and I've turned off ALL #spymaster notifications. Sorry for the annoyances!!! 
Listening to Depeche Mode while putting my clothes. I'm addicted to Precious. Why?? Ok so don't feel like working anymore!!! 
u wd thnk dat the chances of gettn swine is like tryna win $1Ok in a Tricks yogurt contest...my mom jst told me my lil bby cuzzin has it 
Ok, the plan has change, not movie at Takeshi's house  Guess it'll be movie at my boyfriend's
Ok about to leave the summer house because of some unfaithful supposedly servants I have to go back home.  well i'll do it for u Jesus!
Um, not the battery. Ok, this isn't funny anymore...shoulda sold this heapa junk a lonnng time ago.  stranded in Venice?!
Ok its beautiful out, I'm keeping my friend indoors, I must go outside..Damn, I love being at home...Oooookkkk, bye guys till later.  lol
Ok its beautiful out, I'm keeping my friend indoors, I must go outside..Damn, I love being at home...Oooookkkk, bye guys till later.  lol
Ok I GUESS I will stop bsing and get on the highway. I should be in Winston-Salem like now. I'm gonna miss having the apt to myself 
Ok so mayb I shulda ate sum food b4 I bussed down dis Cheesecake 
Ok.. I gotta leave now  Going to the Airport
@charelblessed  Ok. I'll respect that...even doe I'm depress now 
My old high school years hang out is leveled. Dirt lot. Um. Huh. Memories 
Ok, Im a GOOD sport!! Fair is fair! The Magic played very well indeed, congrats D Howard ... Very nice... Next time Cavs! 
Ok I give up tweets are not working on my Fan Page 
Ok, I feel retarded...how can I leave a Skype voicemail, or does it have to be a call? I read how somewhere but can't find it again  tired
Ok so I had to stop following them! Sorry guys  the messages back and forth were driving me and my Twitterberry insane!
Ok mah peeplz night night... got take a power nap for my early mornin bus ride 2 miami shit I miss my TRUCK!!!! 
Ok....so no Sublime cover show tonight  whatever.....I just played video games.....hahah..(im such a loser) *wink*
Ok Riddle me this - I had 2319 followers last night added 14 this am and now have 2308?  The math doesn't work  
@nievesj it's The Choctaw resort casino in Durant, Ok. The pool is the best part cause it's on an Indian Reservation. So no alcohol 
Ok legit about to cry, mufasa is about to die  NOOOO...and im about to go to the urgent care center 
Ok...I had 2 come bac early from golf coz of hayfever  Anyway I was back at 4pm; now its 6:30pm. Im gonna have dinner now! School tomorrow
Ok so this 200lb pidgeon definitely tried to fight me at la madelibe. Sad thing is, @iAMstarving2day put his money on the bird 
@sydlawrence Ok how exactly did I lose that one?? 472 attack against 67 defense. Rubbish 
Ok, waiting for the freakin' sunrise. But guess what came out, a big NOTHING full of dark clouds.. Disappointed..  woke up 5am for this.
Ok its cake and ice cream time! Ha! See what I'm talking about! The temptation is there! 
Ok? Wait are you talking about the freshman who died? 
@derekmolata Okay, I'm officially jealous. I have to wait for Charlie's books to get here, and I didn't remember to order China's book. 
Ok..did not want to see Andy Samberg that way..  mtv movie awards..
Ok this stinks MTV awards don't come on for another 2 hrs here 
Ok....going to bed. I miss Leyla  I hope she can come here this summer!
Ok I watched season finally of the hills. So sad Lauren is gone  tear tear.  Also next season of the hills will be interesting. Mmmmm
Submitted my portfolio!!! Hurrah!! Ok, now back to reality-2 vignettes to do by 12pm tomorrow. Better get cracking then 
Ok... This is bad... Work in 3 hours and i can't sleep... Fu... 
Ok. I now add friction burns from sliding down the stairs to the tally. Missed footing = fail. 
@LaurenConrad Yea we had some Audio issues  And go figure, it was right at the end.
Ok I swear if I leave my PC on I can NEVER finish my studies, gotta head downstairs to do my work. Tweet later... 
Literature and Biography  Ok ok ok, Everything will be Ok since I'm Cassiopeia xD
Ok, it seriously annoys me when my grocery store has all Chex cereal on sale except for the &quot;gluten free&quot; size.  That's just wrong 
Ok everyone send aplusk your twitter love he's HOT In Georgia 
Ok I'm thinkin I need 2show Charity how 2use tha ladies rm properly caus her laundry is not pleasing smh I thought she knew betta 
Ok so I was never cool when I was at school, but at work someone has dubbed me Admin Girl  and I don't even get a cape! I feel cheated.
Ok guys, I REALLY REALLY need a pair of those tan Yeezy's. 
Ok. Scratch the pooch walk. SO not Chihuahua weather 
Ok, now I gotta really go have that sleep! 2:32 AM here! 
Ok. I'm gng to let my dirty little secret out... I JUST now took our Christmas tree down  ... We r the epitomy of laziness
@Kurono Ok  all i got was @Madinafire i failed at all the other ones 
Ok,I knew my Mom and I have no relationship what so ever but she's just plain...idk....horrid... :-/ Idk how she could do what she did.. 
Ok, done work for the day...  The psychological anchoring of just having been in Brazil  focusing the sadness of AF #447 as I  read news. 
@lucirich hahah!! Ok okayy I love this two for one deal!my two gfs under on roof!!! Heheh I wish u were both here tho 
Ok im fur sure crashin'! :-/ I'm soooooooooooo tired! *cry* I don't want to go to bed but I can't help it! Good night. *sigh*  Txt me lata
Ok time to sleep. Loving all my yearbook signatures from peoples. I going to miss so many people. 
@JOJO1124 Ok missy. 228 people r lost in a plain that will most likely never be found. Someone is having a worse day than u.   end it
Ok enough messing with the blog for tonight.  Too many things due this week.  Likely won't be live til...the 10th or so 
@loveandlyrics @treetown Ok 10:20?   Lyric tell your mom asap
Ok, just found out my gran has a tumor and she can't be treated for it. Shit. 
@nimbupani : Yup, that's when I realized I was in the wrong line. Why didn't anyone tell me I can't be Hari Seldon tinkering with comps?! 
@yep1guy Exam was pretty Ok I suppose. Problem was that I had no time to see people after. It makes me sad.... 
Ok going to pay attention in class. Be back @ 1130 Twits. Damn this is gonna be tuff 
Ok, running coaching is all over now  but I'm now signed up for the Auckland Half Marathon so gotta keep training! Bit chilly today tho
Impulse was an amazing book. I almost cried, Ok i did..lol. It was so sad. 
Ok today isn't a good day.  Life is hard.  yuck yuck yuck
@Orion_Girl OOC:  Okay.  I won't be on much longer, I don't think.  
Ok...wait I'm back SMH @B_M_R and at all the B.S on my couch...smh I won't be in the bed anytime soon 
Ok in bed now. Tired but can't sleep 
Ok guess what i will go play FFX-2 see if i can get on the stupid ass tree! -_-      
Ok let's see if I can do F&amp;F today without collapsing. Larger-than-usual chance of that happening 
Ok, I need to go to bed. I'm so exhausted my tummy isn't feeling well.   Goodnight guys! See ya in the morning light.
@JustRosalie Ok, IRL same here, I am sick  | We are in Italy, and she is out with the twins
WAH. Arrived Manila last night. LOL. I wasn't able to tweet before I left 'coz the PC broke down.  Anyway, how are you guys? \m/
Ok soo whoo ends up accidentally krazy gluing her lips together?! Smh bad morning. Nervous about my 2nd circuit appellate argument today 
Ok I was putting together my new livejournal layout and now Roger's got broken? It was the previous match which was supposed to be tricky 
Ok Laurel is bumper to bumper - creeping 
Ok, I resent that message because I messed up my homegirl @Princess__Erika name...Sorry!!!   I think I got it right this time!!
NOOOO!  I want Daichi for Najika!! Argh. Ok. So I'm reading Kitchen Princess. http://plurk.com/p/ypi1i
Ok they definitely can't handle Too $hort! Grudgingly changing station... 
Dang,lawn mower is sick &amp; it's terminal  So guess it's an unplanned trip tomorrow to purchase a new one. Was saving 4 a new MAC Laptop-WTH
Ok, that's it. Next kid that whines has to wash the cat. And I'M NOT KIDDING!! 
Ok, I was wrong The #Fibromyalgia blog WASN'T ready by this week  So, we shoot for next week 
Ok well I don't think I like my family so what ever I'm going down the hill again  I don't want to But what eva! Bye people!
Ok I'm going to bed. Not looking forwArd to tommow cause I work  btw, WTF is up with the dude drama?? Grrrrr it makes me upset. G'nite!!!
@DanielSpracklin Really?   Ok well how bout movie's?
@loquaciousmuse @Da7e touched your stuff? Hmm, you might want to burn some of that now... 
Okay, I just have zero ability to play Halo campaign. I think I might as well give up on playing Normal difficulty without teammates. 
@Orchidflower @FlissTee Ok I've learnt my lesson. I will not slag off corsas anymore. They've given me a lawnmower to drive 
Ok so there's mass twitts about that &quot;Hangover&quot; movie... def bout to go to the show an see tht! Only if today was Wed 
Ok we need to stop somewhere. I'm not walking around NYC with my tank &amp; pajama shorts...literally rolled out of bed &amp; drove. Elfonso-less 
Ok, shoe gallery at 9am in Miami 100 degree weather is a fucking FAIL. Not to mention I didnt go to sleep till like 6am. 
Ok, Locas and Locos... I think I'm officially all packed. One quick wardrobe change and I'm done. I'm dressed like a mom 
Ok, Web Sharing is very disappointing  #Merlin 2
Ok I could stay on here all day But I gotta do a little work!  I will be in the passenger seat on the way to Orlando so I will Tweet then
Ok I just looked at JCC and it doesn't show me as being online...so why cant I get in? 
Ok lol hehe im bored lol my brothers being annoying lol  Morgan&amp;JudyBFFS
Ok so I watched Jimmy Kimmel last nite so I think I know now how this works. But isn't it a bit boring? How do I find new friends here? 
Ok its 2:15 and I don't see my frelling bus...ew I say. Ew. 
My haiirrrr  Ok Im About to cry! they cut my hairr so much! I want my lonnggg hair back! NOW!
@Candypants2 Oh. Duh. Ok, I am slow at times. Sorry. 
Ok, def. want the hoodie now. Fingers crossed that they are still available when I get to Manchester.. cause can't buy 'm otherwise 
Ok I quit I'll be back tonight. Xoxo..   
Ok, am seeing conflict reports on GoPhone + iPhone 3G. Here's complication: I'm running [REDACTED], and that seems to be factor too. 
@tommcfly  Why do you never reply me ? Ok, I'm a crazy girl, forget me ... Newsflash about the shows ?
Totally disapointed in the dessert at the Ritz in dc!  oh well at least I didn't waste the calories on it... Ok maybe a little!
@tommcfly Aw Tom, I bet that brazilians are better. Ok, i know, you have got lots of fans around the world, but we are crazy about you 
Ok so death of autotune is cool, but I feel like he dissing me lol its coo tho. I guess jay just won't be a fan of Mann 
Ok it's been 2 hours. Where is Chrisette? People are booing and starting to leave   Cmon @epiphanygirl...
Ok off 2 confession TTYL I kno i've been pretty quiet lately just taking a break Its hard 4 me to type/sit 4 more than 10min @ a time 
@jonas_lover24 Ok.. good! Wait! Does that mean I bring the party? lol... ok... only if you can.  i gotta go 2 graduation tomorrow... 
Ok, all those sweet tweets from earlier...? Down the drain. Looks like we're in for a long night.  #neverendingsocialevents
Ok, so that went in a way I did not plan on. A nice girl, cute, with goals, and I could not dig it. Crazy no direction for me 
Ok, so that went in a way I did not plan on. A nice girl, cute, with goals, and I could not dig it. Crazy no direction for me  haha
Ok, I've been home since 7. but Stacy has been up here. Anyway, I hit the game winning double 2day and got a major sunburn! 
Ok, so I just had a BIG piece of cake. Tell me it's ok &amp; I didn't veer off my fitness diet/regime! 
Ok so I'm watchn Polar Express, where r the BLACK elves! 
Ok now iam about to get in. To relers revenge and its the last ride, and iam done.  sooo tired. 
Leave me alone...  new rule no twittering after 10 ok. Ok
@Lint1 Ok the fact that you're having a conversation about cleaning is mildly disturbing 
Ok so now back to my Pcon War  Fuckkkk
Ok, I don't update this quite as frequently as before anymore. Mainly due to the fact that it does not work from my cellphone anymore 
Ok ONE I dont know how I locked my DVD player to remote operation only, and TWO I can't believe I lost my remote! Ugh I wanna watch HP4!! 
@StevieJ102 @Payaso_NTPXXX Ok YES im watching it again LOL. It makes me happy haha im missing Vegas 
@DavidArchie Seriously i miss you so much  Come back to Sri KDU again please !!! I love you!
Ok so i found out this movie is called Baby Blues. Based off a true story.  i cant watch
Ok we out we leaving Coach house ......m drama waiting for me at home  lol!
Ok soooo bored. Waiting to ge picked up....   
Ok now some asshole has killed the back quarter panel of my car overnight...Hello insurance excess 
@emjaystar Ok well.........when at my own place....its everyday atleast once. And then also maybe to help me sleep! Yes Im single 
Ok just got here &amp; MY run is gone 
Ok so my sis nicked the dvd player. Looks like I'm gonna be watching a film here then. Really wanna watch Twilight tbh. Damn lending out 
Ok. From now on only @CSfreak is allowed to make eggs. I obviously suck at the whole matter. 
Ok gotta get my shiz together...I'm really trying to move to Woodbridge and all this shopping I'm doing is not helping me move any faster 
Ok so takin a nap before work tonight  blaaaaah someone help me I need a new job ASAP
Ok. Day 2 of science fair project work. I will need fortification for this...as the Bagelry neglected to put MY bagel in the bag 
Ok, the unthinkable may have happened. I *may* have Od on jaffa cakes 
Ok. Old people drives crazy!!!  And I'm in the car with one 
Ok, I'm not writing anymore until I feel better. Everything I've written today (not just in Twitterland) has come out like shit. 
Ok, I made it on the new plane  I'm lame. I need to be more spontaneous.. If only I didn't have something important to do tomorrow.. Damn!
Ok someone did pwn Blind Search 
Oh, NOT COOL I just had to kill a really pretty bird in AION for a quest. Ok, I have to kill more but still, dun like it. 
@tuesdaynight He use Wordpress to make community!!!  Ok lah maybe I am wrong to be jealous but WTH HOR.
@IdolNews But he got beat by three kids.    Ok, I'll give you that they can out-dance Constantine but...
@LakerGirl77 Ok Ok, so I may be hating on The Lakers just a tad bit, but u know I've been mad bummed eversince da Cavs got da boot 
Ok I'm totaly depressed!!!    I want to go to a Jonas concert!!!
Im sick  ROFL The Discovery Song just came on the radio. Rofling is very hard to do when you are sick
I want to keep Sleeping   I have to go to the gym! Ok I am getting up now.
Ok, so dark stormy clouds have arrived over Leeds. Looks like the BBQ is off  Oh well.
@Usha Ok then guess we have to blame airtel for teh bad service.. Not got it yet though  #airtel #fail
Ok so im bored. Tho work is goin ridiculously quick 2day! I miss my friends, the glorious sunshine &amp; drinking non stop from midday 
Ok, I get it - I was making too much noise last night. No need to be mean, Kin. 
@leayshia havnt seen a new pic of Him for over a month. hard to give it up  how r u ?? Ok ?
Ok now i am releaved from that Math ISU.....Cause i am done it hahah yea but the scary thing is my teacher is coming to pick it up  scared
Ok back to my hard labor  For my NKOTB peeps I found a video I wanna post will do it during my next twitter break. Stay tune!
Ok I'm thinking I'm starting to be addicted to the SIMs  mannnnn lol its funny how I get soo fasicinated over the shit lol
Ok. I'm gonna give away the first pair of Sergio Valentes I had which is also the last pair I own. But they don't fit anymore anyway 
Ok, I give up. I am giving in to the damn migraine. First time actual headache has followed the mad LSD flashing light things. 
@suavebritts Grrrrrrrrrrrrr. Ok, I wasn't missed? And hand meets boy? And what about chemistry? Triple 
Ok well I am back in TN and I am way excited. I cannot wait to do some swimming tomorrow. My three week time out is almost over 
Ok, I just found my second gray hair in the exact spot on the opposite side of my head. Jesus, what's happening? I'm only 27! 
LastFM is now charging USD$3/month. Ok, not expensive and I get why, but still sad  http://www.last.fm/subscribe
Ok, no they didn't revamp my old room for Gracie  imma have to twitipic this its a catalog in here!
I'm thinking online retail therapy. Cliche, I know  But what I really need is *not* going to happen. Ok, I'm off the pity pot now
I'm officially on punishment &amp; its well deserved!  What should I deprive myself of? BOL! Ok Sex! No sex 4 a week! Haha!
Ok, tweeps... I must go to bed      Tweet u all in the morning ;)
Ok off to bed. Reporting from super hot office tomorrow 
Ok I'm getting sleepy...  @923NowFm blowin mine w all this &quot;popin&quot; music. Lol. I need slow jams right now. Lol. Grrr!
Ugh! Ok I've been up for 25 hrs &amp; still wired. *sigh* But I have a FULL day ahead of me! 
Ok world, I've gota go get jeep-I Lve it-open top, fatboi model-music blaring-Except Eng aint hot enough4 lid down weather all that much 
Ok, so much for that plan then. Shipping food and candy to USA is strictly forbidden, so there'll be no delicious presents for Sisyphean 
@Xplode Ok next time I'm at ellens or ellen is here you are coming! I jst have stupid work all the time  +I got my new comp to show off 
GOod Mornn Mah Twitt. Fam UGH I Kan Honestly Say That I Dont Wanna Go Tah SkOol Today; I Just Wanna Go Bacc In Mah Bed  Why Meh
Ok Im awake. Who wants to get my babe fired from TMobile so he can stay home with me? 
I have a stuffy nose  Uhm in school concert  today. Should be boring. Yearbooks today!!!!!
Okay, Tic Tac ~*~bold!~*~ mints are gross. 
Ok. Scrap that. I didn't get the job. 
@Ethereal_Beauty Ok. I have noticed it too. I have NO idea who Drake is. I must be old now. 
And work is dooone.  I am tired. Double vodka? Ok! Ailsas tonight. Yey. 
@MarthaStewart Ok, I'm a fan, and an MSO stockholder, but the Kindle books are WAY overpriced.  
Ok my car stinks and it's not cool. Damn, why did I leave the windows down 
Ok. Tired and wasted lots of time on this phone, so still bunches of work to do b4 the AM  &lt;~Tam&gt;
Ok I'm gonna try n close my eyes for some good ole sleep bc I got work in the AM but NO school yipee but mega HW to makeup already 
Ok honolulu... Its time to leave. Goodbye paradise!  ... LA are you ready for me.
Ok. It is just RC1 
Ok they're on the Marine Stage and no it's not Paramore 
@deathangel3030 Ok...   then Momo!
Mom will going to Singapore tomorrow morning with Tante Evi,huuuhuuuuu,Daaaamn,i can't go with her bcz Oral test EPP!!Okay,that's rough!! 
Okay... so I'm  that uncool for not knowing Lady Gaga.  
@AndrewDHall Ok well maybe I'll just bind and gag them! The Emo has infested me with her Download lurgy so I'm not in the best mood today 
Ok, now iphone tweetdeck just keeps crashing randomly, not stable. Doesn't like SMS or email being received while it's open either 
Aww, no iPhone for me  wah wah wah. Ok #squarespace step it up. I expect to be winner number 10 !! Oh, gratz to jasonmarkjones!
Ok, I'm getting addicted to the Bachelorette. I can't believe Jillian is still keeping Wes and Tanner 
@keithunits  awww I want to see it soooo bad! I know its AWESOME!! Ok, well keep me posted, k!
Bye texas  I always get homesick when I go back to LA after being home. Its a bittersweet feeling. Ok life, let's get our act together...
Ok I just heard Bebe and Cece using Autotune on their new gospel song.. 
Ok so Dear Brownsville - I used my credit card to pay for my taxi ride and now on my way back you only take cash!!!! What? Great 
Ok, put on 1lb but its ok. Really hungry despite having eaten! 
Ok, got my update. But now I can't figure out how to send a pic message. Grrr! I just can't win today. 
Ok I'm not going to the Sounders game tonight  Parents get here at noon tomorrow, gotta clean. I feel like a bad fan.
@EP31 Ok, you win on that point. 
@tedroddy Ya, no iPhone.  Ok, thanks.
Ok #VirtualBox3 is really not stable. I keep getting blue screens from the guest.  Back to 2.2.4
Ok now I'm finally going to get going.... Started a diet today, kinda sucks in a way.. 
Ok, to all who have EVER @Erelas, I am SO sorry, something is &quot;fuzzy&quot; with my Twitter, just saw a bunch of replies I never saw before 
@ItzurgirlB Oh yeah, Well he did do Juelz wrong by sellin his contract to Def Jam for 1 Million. IDGAF. Thats fucked up. 
Ok, am giving up on this episode, she's really starting to annoy me and I don't want my 300th Tweet to be about bloody seven of nine! 
Ok I'm sorry but that bitch Brandon don't got that body from not working out. Aint fair!!! 
Ok! I have A LOT of DVD's  Rearranging my entire collection 
Ok, I'm very happy we're not in a drought but seriously, what's w/ all the rain, hail, tornados?  Softball cancelled tonight...AGAIN 
@Jessiimiica Ok now I'm upset. Bleh I wish I could like be with you 
@mynamebemichael Ok well go to bburg tomorrow!  but its a bit of a drive you hink i could have like a dollar for gas? Sorry  from ev ...
Okay, @austinheap says: Pls ppl, no more DDoS rt  #Iran #iranelection (If you don't know what DDoS is, don't worry, you're not doing it.)
Ok tell me then, wht song tht u should hear when u down? Tell me my dear friend.. 
@bigdandbubba Okay ... you forgot about me  Nite, nite guys! You rock!
Ok,got up, need to take shower, get a coffee and go to Uni for examination.AAAAAAAAAA... 
@philken7   Ok I won't buy a smiling frog (for myself)maybe my nephew would want one. hahaha j/k ...Sgt Frog. htt?  I'm dumb and confused 
Ok i better go get ready for the school run  Catch you all later xx
Ok, there is me worrying I won't be up on time too go to Science revision at 1:30pm and there is me up at bloody 7:00am 
@Cali_hypocrisy Ok, just cut him some slack for a little bit ok? ;) Only cuz seriously this Fire thing has everyone against a wall. 
Ok going to bed, I still have a headache and feel all blocked up. Maths assessment tomorrow... 
Ok trying to concentrate - but seesmic keeps tinging me &amp; I'm like Pavlov's dog       laters now, for realz . . .
Ok i love this storm, but it gave me a headache. Ow. 
Alright...I already miss Wifi Toggle concerning 3.0 
Ok, another day of dealing with people in need of repairs and idiots that are mad because they got their cars inpounded!! Joy 
Ok, back to work... Recess is over. 
Ok.... Back to work!  Smile for me please!  (via @LuvHappy) :::CHEESE::: 
Ok I'm not hating... I just miss when Cassie hella modeled  Ah. Anyway, frosted flakes &amp; then recording Killa Dude. Yesss...
Ok I just lost a drawing contest to AB,Humph,Lang,and Mo. Coaches were the judges. My pic was so bad they said 2 enroll in music school! 
&gt;&gt;&gt; @StoRmALiCiouS Ok iM Not Goin 2 MoMs.....     .....i WaNNa See Da BaBy
@ryanseacrest Omg! haven't heard that yet but hope he is Ok.. 
Ok so it's finally open  in Tempe, AZ http://loopt.us/EETB7A.t
Omg!  Thunder sounded like 10 cars crashing!  Ok I'm scared 
Ok, now! Ol girl's hair is almost down 2 her butt &amp; its just blow dryed!! Maan, it's gonna take 4eva 2 press! Shoulda left work 15 early. 
Ok, thank god not my BB Kupono, but omg, Max 
Nobody has been reading my tweets.   Ok I'm sorry I cant say that with a straight face. lol. Tweet. haha. What a funny word.
@ihateRaquelReed I'm sorry to hear that sweetie. I hope that you're Ok  Come spend your mia time in london xxx
i kNoww.. @avliyaASYA sombong siiH  hehehehe. Ok let me know ya... BBM me!!
Ok, nerves kicking in as passport/visa not here. Meant to leave in 9 days. Can I cry yet? 
Bed time yet? Ok I've been in bed forever .... I just can't sleep 
@theapppodcast  I am always so impressed to hear about the positive Apple experience. Keep tweeting. BTW I'm in AK - last time zone. 
Ok. 4 weeks of recycling has just been taken to Asda. There's nothing for it.. had better start packing up my house 
Ok it was sunny abou an hour ago. Sun, plz come back ? 
Ok, 1st day back @work after Cardiff. D'ya ever have one of those days you wish you didn't? yeah, well add that to the fact I have a cold 
Ok who has my flight's missing crew member? Reward if found... Delayed 
Ok out of town. Bye Bend 
Ok, the purchase was not successful. Sending an email to support. Damn it! 
@understandblue But, but...it's not showing on your page on this end!  Wahhh! Ok....maybe it's ME then!  Story of my life. *sob*  ;)
Ok I guess Manson is a bit slobby looking these days... 
Ok one last thing: If anyone shouldn't be drinking energy drinks its kids! (Kid next to me is sipping on a Guru) #parentingfail 
Ok Gotta resume cleaning!!!  But when i come back ill tell yall this stupid/crazy/funny dream i had! LOL BRB L8R!
Ok so I just realized i screwed up! #FF @REMNightlife NOT @remlasvegas!! Sorry @REMNightlife I just cost you a few FF's 
Ok water is all out of the basement! But we are expecting more storms tonight. Bummer 
Ok is it ever going to rain in Houston?It's so damn HOT and my grass is turning brown. 
Ok cats, we're having trouble keeping the camera from sleeping.  but we'll keep trying. Thnx 2 every1 who's tuned in so far! 2nd set soon.
Ok YEAR 1, not so great. 
Ok I know the hubbys hungry but I'm not feelin so hot! Think he may have to fend for himself tonite.....won't make him too happy I'm sure 
Ok so I jus roller set my hair and left out a bang. The bang is SUPER kurly now....uggghhhhh 
Ok. Having major chest pain. Unfun. 
Ok...so first impression of the iPhone 3GS - Voice Control SUCKS.  I'm gonna be calling a lot people by accident. 
@creolepimp Ok, Geisha's new song is kinda AIGHT!!! Lol! But her doing the jerk... no bueno... 
Ok now I'm up trying to get some work  done and this damn tylenol pm is fuckin with me.  Nooo!!!  I don't wanna go to sleep anymore 
Ok, off to the shops... I want to go to Sherwood forest tonight 
Ok is very tired this morning think I have gone past the point that even a RedBull woant work!!! 
Ok so it seems to be when I start do download music that the internet goes out. ARGH I want The Offspring albums. 
Ok so I read the signal and applied the Stop-loss levels and take profit levels and - I didn't take a (demo) profit  waa wauoo #forexme
Ok so the train never left the station as it broke down, looks like it's an hours wait till the next train... Bed will have to wait 
Ok own up... Who nicked all my apps since I went 3.0 
C/W c/w c/w c/w....... help. V.Sorry neev for today!! I feel sooo bad  Next week defo! Ok!... An then i think BallyH is in order!?  .. &lt;3
@kali_ratliff Ok, I'm actually quite jealous  She's a guilty pleasure. And the Jonas Brothers, too...
Ok so why exactly am I so down? 1. Cookie left 2. It's raining out 3. B/c it's raining out I can't go to the tattoo convention 
@Kwan141 Ok trackball is all the way out the phone and spokes broken 
Ok I'm Beautiful again. Now of to the store 
Ok folks! I need live Twitter updates from the Legends brunch and the BK HH Fest, since I'm missing both. 
Ok. I HATE the Pre's audio player. Quite a bit. 
@BrentSpiner Please don't unfollow me... Oh you were never following me... Ok then. 
Ok, the weather is now far far worse than when we left park slope.  Might just turn around and head home. No Mermaid parade 
Ok sooo... I'm heading to SD right, but it's cloudy and sprinkling  hmmmm I don't think the sun likes me.
Ok listening to Prodigy since I'm not in Slane  but then pints me thinks 
The indiana team Trailblazers won the Multipoint Education Award. Ok, it wasn't this time...  #imaginecup
@Bob_Roony Thank You! ;) Ok so if they are passing medical info around that could hurt ppl...I don't know what to do  I believe you &amp; TY!!
Ok  back from the att store. I was thisclose to getting Pokey his iphone. BUT he has an older sim card so I couldn't do it with out
Ok so its been pointed out 2 me three times now that Im alone! Seriously?!? 
Ok no more 6:00 AM work days, it takes me 3 days to recover.  Getting old. 
Ok on my way 2 the country so u kno what that means....I'ma lose signal, sos what will I do w/o twitter &amp; my BB? 
@emmagracecor: Alright  fjdlsa; I wannna leeeeave so badly!! what are you doing in TN?
@jemillahayne Awww. Ok.   I just finisehd watching all the opening credits of the seasons.. they grow so .... OLD!!
I love Cherry Filter. &quot;Just... Ok&quot; is my new anthem. &quot;I am okay. Just... Okay.&quot; 
Ok ladies...NOT ready yet and WONT be wearing white tomorrow   gotta go buy some new jeans in the morning!  YIKES!!
Ok this bites already....tv and movies are getting old. Pneumonia sucks 
Ok, listening to perfect is way harder than expected   @xxAnixx Could you bring him with you after Moscow?
Note to self: stop gawping at you tube and get out of bed you lazy so and so! Ok. Getting up now. 
i just ate a cheeseburger and dude it was the best, haha............... Ok now i'm starting to feel full  awww well....... Danmit EXAMS!!!
@JonathanRKnight Ok last tweet. Because as per usual you are probably zzzzzzzzzzzzzz through my tweets   Rest up!
@ruthy23  Ruth x hope your Ok x x x
Grrrrr....my mother found me on facebook.  Now I have to watch what I say.  Facebook is suddenly becoming WAY less cool  
Ok its been what 2 days why is my legs still hurtin  Sis wants me to go runnin again dang can I heal first  lol ok im out of shape gosh!
Ok, jet lag kicked in. Just realized it's Sun am, not Mon there.  This only after being corrected by 1 of my staff whom I woke up!  Sorry!
I won 1'000'000 Euro but I cannot claim them.  I do not have a credit card. At least none that counts. Ok, GOD, that was a good joke...
@BarackObama...Ok but how about us?? I definitely just spent $75 on mine today! 
@BarackObama ....Ok but how about us?? I definitely just spent $75 on mine today! 
Ok kids, time to drive home in LA traffic. Ouch! 
Ok gotta drive back to anaheim to the hotel!! Driving home tomorrow! 
Ok so I just watched the previews on Youtube  but they were fantastic    I love talent, heart and soul and it was all there
Ok. Coworker refuses to be video subject matter 
Ok, more loud Ladyland on my sennheiser's!  And chores 
Ok! i'm going...  until anyday!!!Xxx I MISS...  tweet tweet
@thesixthaxis Oh. You &quot;honestly&quot; don't know. Ok then...  I'm readyng myself for a Sony backlash when this is the standard &quot;fixes&quot; update.
Ok i'm not sure if I want to watch EE, it's guna break my heart 
@Mini_okdoksmok yes OF COURSE!!! Once it is released.. do your thang! and theres PLENTY of footage of Cha Cha.. No footage of Jack 
Ok, that's 1Xtra hit up. They'll love playing a 1000 bar verse..or even listening to it. Sigh this can be depressing and soul destroying 
@alkanphel Ya, I read dat too. My fever is mild, on n off, some body aches.. Otherwise I m Ok. 
Ok kiddos, I'm off to bed. I have to do some business tomorrow  just fired my assistant. Love y'all!! Sleep tight 
@tarshiieexo Well the Uk is Ok .. but Jersey is in the channel islands near there .. &amp; its really boring  LOL whats it like in australia?x
oh dear,down with a flu now. Shucks. Ok, he bought me an iPHONE 
Woo Hoo. Thank You Blizzard for keeping me up till 4:00 in the morning waiting for your WoW install to finish i truly thank you 
Ok, I left 10 min early today...will I make it on time? Ill let you know...lol. Morning fam! RIP Dacia who passed yest. 
@Victoria__x I wasn't calling you silly.  Ok, byesie bye. xx
Ok Sam sent a message and it did not come to my phone. Why?? I thought that twitter was fixed 
@snapshotsoflove HAHAHA Ok Fareast definitely!! I don't know what to wear. 
Okay, checkout the Orange Tour http://orangetour.org but not if you live in the northeast or mid-Atlantic like us  
Ok, change of plan, the hair is not gettin done yet. The wizard sent me back to OZ and said come back at 2. Ugh. Rat bastard! 
@Gen22 The inspirational music for the solution!  You cant?  Ok, so tonight I will try to find time for a blip for you. I do not forget ;)
Ok bed time. I wish I didn't have an exam on thursday otherwise I would just go around harassing people to vote! lol. Night guys! 
Ok....momentarily diverted. Try this again.  Goodnight, and sweet dreams!    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WCgX4VQp2o
Ok now I am REALLY going 2 bed  Night Tweeps
Ok.. so Dunkroos could not be found, but I found something called Dunk 'ems and the flavor is &quot;Awesomely Oreo&quot; I shall now try it 
@ralfsbabe Ok thinking smokes or chocolates is what you are talking about  XX
Ok decided to look up   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_sugar
Okay...here come the Sun..has that been 5 minutes yet? Whata think bout that Texas weather? lol 
Ok, now I am really going to bed.    Remember whatever happens 2day, tomorrow is a new day, a whole new day for good things to happen.  
Ok my feet are killing me Shot video here in SAC today. Lots of fun with some old friends n some new 
@Ladybug_HUGS Ok, that is really, really cute 
Ok, the only database field in common between IPB and WP is the ID 
@greyhoundstooth Ok! I've clicked the link for you already. Try tweeting using TweetSG! 
@dansnan Ok, Cinco de Mayo might be a good excuse 
@mistressmia oh, u mean Dido the singer ?? Ok....feel so dumb there...just embarrased myself here in Twittersville 
@SwissCow86 and leave Switzerland? Never!!!  Ok have a good afternoon I must go shopping for plants for my gardens  back later!
Ok , off for a few  ... Charging my phone (again) yes ... Shower .. Laterzz 
@CosmoHavanese Ok, ok, I get it now. Color me blushed with embarrassment. I'll have to donate to make up for it.  #pussycatisland
Ok, I'm awake...beautiful day today in the far away land of OZ...need coffee 
@corby300 Ok playing Professor Layton 
No skateboarding? Ok, then I'm riding my Honda instead 
Listening to It's Alright, It's Ok by @ashleytisdale  it's a new song! can't wait for the music video.
omigosh Finding Neverland is so sad T___T Ok, bed time for real now  Also video is liek. Not even half done xD
@headstrongshiho BTW amazing bg,Ashley looked so beautiful*as always*  Ok seriousley i gotta stop chatting haha,talk to ya later~
Ok The Line IS Blurring again........ 
@sammcahill Okay, I'll remember that. Sounds delish. &lt;3  If you go to Jamba Juice, I suggest you get the white gummybear. 
@SoulfulJenn U right, Ok, I apologize...PRINCESS...  better!??!
@anefallarme I just got up too lol! Ok updating now and congrats for your first point on CNS! 
Frickin Rain!!!!  Ok  woosaah, this weekend may be nice again 
@louiebaur Ok, I'm glad, you have a fun.  How are you? Had you a interesting day?
Ok the Tweetie system short cuts are cool.  (via @Brad_Strickland)
@TrueGabe Ok let's try again - How are u doing Gabe? Are u having a great eve? We're having a chilly Tue morning here - season's changing 
Sorry I Had 2 leave all the homies tonite.BUT..Na-Na..is exhausted..Plus the Patron looked a lil sus..lol..PLZ all yal make it home safe 
@666TheBeast666 Ok, really going to sleep now lol ;) Reality, yes. Absolutely. Nite 
@sarah448 wow, sucks! But cool! Uhm, either or. They're the same price. Pre sales just guarantees you the spot 
Ok...billing done.  Heading to shower to start getting ready for my real day  So glad I'm done with that part!!
Ok...the votes are in...it looks like 29 low-income students across 2 classes in Monroe will benefit from the event!  
Ok, after that commercial I want to see Obsessed...kicking the ass of a stupid whore...nice 
Ok, Schoolwork done...catching up on my tivo.. 
@lokgotz hahaha, dont so humble la! Ok ape.....haha! Give only. Who knows eh!! 
Ok...the dawn has officially come. Time 4 me 2 hit the hay. Until later, my fellow Twitter Insomniacs!!! Ha!!! Hit 800! 
@electrolite82 Nope. But listening to it on Spotify as I type http://open.spotify.com/album/4v8fleThkidEttSVVdle6p Sounds good so far. Ta 
@PathStudent Oohh...Ok.  I work for LWW, but in the UK. I know someone who'd be VERY interested to see your site in the US 
Okay, im gone now. Cya guys tomz. Nightsy.  mwaa.
Ok. Now i'm listening to the soundtrack of Mamma Mia in a disused mine 
Ok. Now i'm listening to the soundtrack of Mamma Mia in a disused mine  and it's on repeat!
@MizSocialite Ok cool . I got a bottle of Rose on ice for u too. 
@ChantalWhiz Ok, CU later! Hatsjoe 
is thinking on and on ... mmm....... Ok! am in .. Welcome me at TWITTER 
@Styla73 Okay...I will have to email it to you - work email okay? It's very rough, will send it now  Honest criticism please 
@Akelaa Ok, I have bites all over, it's hot, we're just friends, I'm miserable. Better? 
Ok, so having a total spanner Sunday morning. Toast and peanut butter, coffee and Hollyoaks. Brainless bliss 
@DianaRusso  Ok,Thought you had gone away somewhere,lol  Walkabout Haa Haa
Ok I think I have decided to take Ellenshow off my twitter device...she wakes up and tweets WAY to early for me! 
Ok I seriously need to go to bed now...I am putting the iPhone DOWN!!!  xx
Ok I'm finally going to the park. Lovely 
@allankent YES  Ok - mayb not so brilliant - but after Cell C and banks who should know all  bout u and seem 2 know zip I was impressed.
27 in 2ov; then 3 in 2ov. Match is flipflopping worse than any politician ever did  #IPL (Ok, this analogy was better  http://u.nu/43w3)
Ok. I must play LOUDLY before resuming work! Water  @BarbieRay@Gaz50@NikkiPixel @daretoeatapeach@MrsASoprano ... ? http://blip.fm/~5ienq
RE BDAY: Okay everyone is welcome to come, if not in person i'll try and keep you all updated on the night  If u hav my FB u have my cell#
http://twitpic.com/4imo0 - Ok, here's the clue. I hope you enjoy the mystery of deciphering it.  Remember, you'll need a cell phone a ...
@JoBroBaby95 Ok Fine you did tell me that .... I'll smile Only once..and just for you 
Ok all DW invites taken.  
@NancyEllyn Ok - thanks for the correction.  CREATE my future!  
Ok, gonna go take a shower to relax before bed. Plus, then I won't have to get up early to shower before my Doctor's appointment. 
@HiddenBedside hmmm. Clams?  Ok wait. So you're saying she's a goldigger?  You make me smile. 
Ok, there's a paper I need to write that has been over my head all weekend. Time to get to it. Tweet y'all in the mornin!  
@jwhof Ok.  I'll sign up for the first 25 years.  Or you can send me $25 all at once to save on postage. 
Ok world bed time for real this time! More tweets in the morning but until then vote @kansasjackass for KS Gov @kjforgov 
@sam_scarr oh shit your right... Ok I will go to Paris later in the year but only because of our awesome make out date this weekend 
@ctham Ok, noted  but which SLR u would recommend?.
Ok so this shower has been calling my name for about an hour I think I'll indulge &amp; respond now while I allow Robin Thicke to serenade me 
@neillavin300 Ok well from the pic i take it you do. Thats unlucky . Lmao 
@ROBBIEEEEE Aha, Ok  I might see you there yano.
Ok, seems I need to remember what account I'm posting as..... That last tweet was a @Geelong_FC tweet! 
@musicjunkie11 It's Alright,It's Ok-Ashley Tisdale 
Ok peeps...I'm not crazy...I was twittering 2 someone but had no idea how 2 direct msg from my cell! Blonde moment! 
Ok. Night sweet people  I'll look for ya tomorrow 
@jyamasaki Ok.. so what do you think of a snapshot befoooore the vid recording on Seesmic so the ladies dont look like freaks? just sayin 
Ok I'm done...  SNL time with #JustinTimberlake my vanilla BF, and @PrincessCiara my girl crush, no homo lol
Ok NOW I can hit the hay. Thank you 
@jmarie7481 http://twitpic.com/4vvou - Ok...I LOVE IT!! Melika come on do your make-up like this next time we go out 
@Lee_bandoni Ok, see you at da climbing 
@monabarry Ohhhh! Ok! thought that I was going nuts!! Maybe they will pass through here on the way back! 
Ok, now playin' QL 
Ok. I'm alive. Soooo tired. General mood, strange...inner peace, gratitude, happiness, all good stuff but generally uninspired. Oh well. 
Ok so future headache says to me this morning &quot;but i thought yesterday was mother's day&quot;  happy mom's day! Animal kingdom 2day! ~*Smiles*~
mom's day! Time to be treated like a queen! lol. Ok, well, not really. But it'll be a nice day.  Hooray for mom's!!!
@Lori_NetSuccess any particular place you'd like to meet? Make it easy on you.  I won't end up in Ok this time.
Eh! FLA don't have white castle. Ha! Yall dnt know boutt this. In chitown eatin white castle! 
Ok guys got run little man doesn;t want to sleep.  Might pop back in if I can, if not see in the am. Sweet dreams all 
Ok ... Smallville finale tonight, GG and HIMYM finales next week, and CB, Robarney and Clois are all going strong.  Very nice. 
@vanieq WHAHAHAHAHAH! Ok, strike one for Kc this bright, sunny, thursday pancake morning. 
Yaaaay!! Kris Allen in the finals! NOW the final's gonna be interesting! Ok now time for my afternoon power nap! Happiest time of the day 
Ok I'm going back to sleep... Gimme a few more hrs, I'll be back... (random thought: &quot;I love me some @vashtijasmine, she my sweetheart&quot;) 
Ok, George is up.. I better go do something constructive   ttfn x
@dimitrivh Ok, great. I guess it will only be available on the IC train from Brugge to Leuven. I'll find them, thx 
Ok now see... This is what I'm talking aout  830AM.. NOT 4..5..or 6.. I can deal w/ wakin up at 830.  Gdmorning Twit City! How's every1?
@braindouche Ok, I'll look - I love Target anyway 
Ok! Makin a caemo at tha Val party!....er, Pirate party! 
So i haven't blazed it all day....................... Ok Nevermind 
Ok so Kam and I were watching Get Smart for a good 3 minutes and we were so confused. turns out it was in spanish. 
Ok, rain has stopped so I think I can sleep now. Night twitterlings! 
Ok, now I'm done tweeting for the night, I need to attempt sleep so I can go to church!  Yay!  Hot dad is MINE! 
@sammlessthan3 4am ?? Wat u doin till now ?? Ok, go to bed  goodnight. Sweet dreams 
Okay, all set for Eurovision!  Laptop, cellphone, twitter... 
@bertawooster me, normal? Never! .... Ok ok, i will be back to normal today 
Ok, I'm off to the pub quiz. Tweet you from the other side... of the bus. 
Ok off out for the day now good to see @tempeste online (at last)  and I got my scorpid pet and started to spec BM 
@pastortwice yeah well I'm using a Kindle Bible and hologram will be teaching with me.  Way cooler... Ok, so neither of those are true.  
Ok. done with meals and all hangi killing. Just retrieved my 24 season 1-5 collection. Need to watch me some Chloe 
My Inbox is empty!! Ok so i guess i should start packing now 
@swhelband Ok thanks for heads up. Looking forward to it 
Ok, fine..back to reality. Going to cook up some breakfast for my babies. Hubbies at work...I miss him. Tweet to you later.  
Okay, listen up: I'm rehearsing Guys and Dolls, in the chorus this year as a 'lady of the night', rehearsals going well, opens Weds.  xx
Ok I guess that I need to go and do my homework.........ahhhhh. But there's only 12 days left of school!!!! Woo!!! 
@alliewayfilms with ur screenplays?!? Haha it just started getting miserable here! Ok movie about to start. Tweet later! 
@Bubazinho Ok ok .... I am currently learning ACDC solos  xx
@CsmicWendy Ok, thanks, I will let you know.  I think I am going to go play some X-Box now.   (all men all really just big kids)
Ok I REALLY need to get in the shower.....that's another day gone.....I'll be late for work at this pace!! Jeepers! 
Ok. Why did I think a Pampered Chef party meant my friend Randall was gonna cook and pamper me? Hahaha J/K! Can't wait to see my homie! 
Ok....great day. Sun, oldest son, youngest son got to spend time with my three suns. All 3 light up my day. They are the best of the best 
#whocangetit anybody who hates the Lakers.  Ok not really, but that's a solid first step 
@hhavenwood  That response fits perfectly for the &quot;Diva&quot; combo-archetype BTW..
@danecook Ok, I can't even look at my TIVO remote now, after watching your CC special tonight. So damn funny. 
Ok guys im back just to say good night to all of you. Tweet all of you tomorrow bye. 
Ok I'm off to bed...  Night Tweets!  *poof*  
Ok time to wake up my sleeping beauty. Tweet later 
@Chantaaalex Aww That's GREAT ! I'm so so Happy for youu  girl !  Ok Tank youu for the photos. I'm exited to see it ! Xoxo
@Wossy Ok! I've asked you intelligent questions, made witty remarks, paid you compliments - what do I have to do to get a reply!! 
PS Obama's speech at ND irritated me. Ok, goodnight. 
Ok so I just saw the cutesy commercial in TLC little kids and there mama 
Ok ladies...can barely keep my eyes open! Goodnite! Talk to yall later 
Ok. Listen. I have read 100 E-MAILs in 5 hours. And responded. Anyone else like to e-mail? It is time consuming but I love it.   ;)
Okay. I'm out to the mall to shop. Yey! See y'all later. Or maybe tomorrow! 
@NimbleRunner ...you do anything to try to heal an injury except &quot;Stop running&quot; ( @sahara_kim ) Ok ok, point taken 
Ok about to board, see you in the morning Sydney! 
@StephenRinaldo Rubicon was a river - to cross it was act of war.  What's the horse part?  Ok, so I'm not smart... 
@Emer_____xO Okay. Yeh i got your email ill reply later 
Ok ciao-ing now. Ayam penyet date with @maharis 
@bersheba Ok, now that I'm following you, what happens?  http://twitlik.com/Watchmaker
Ok, if you're trying 2 save letters because twitter limits you, cr38-tiv saves you ZERO letters.    It's a Mayan concept.
@Jessmypet @unclesean @eddiecurrent  Let's not forget  &quot;Nine Months: Since the Zombie Holocaust&quot; or &quot;Pretty in blood red.&quot; Ok I'm spent 
Ok my bad!! Don't even trip on the subject ese !! Lmao 
Ok, bedtime, I gotta get ready for a weekend full of besties  YAY! Dear Chico graduates, I will bless you with my presence in two days!
@Monica2112 Ok. Night, love! 
Ok Tweeters, I have to hit the hay, early morning workout and then to the office! Goodnight  xoxoxoxoxoxo
Ok, one more for the night.     Regards, TG http://bit.ly/3x5l7L
Ok reboot fixed it, no idea wtf that was all about. Weird. I have music again, world order restored 
@inrsoul hahaha. Ok ok. I am outside lei! Can't see. I'll see it later when I am back home. Btw, we got a phooshoot coming up dude! 
@dollylolly Are you head of media and design TOO? Lol. Ok at least we can work on it together 
@Dameunited Haha!! Ok  Glasses on or off.....hair up or down?
Ok just finished pianoo  Teacher said I might be able to play BELLA'S LULLABY  I love it so much! Going to City Starrss  TTYL! &lt;3
@1aicha Ok. Bonjour to you as well. 
@adrianogarcia Ok, tend to use a dongle, but nice to know I could, even nicer to know iPhones can't  
Ok guys I did something against the will of the TOS ugh I'm scared. Ill never to it again I promise 
Ok gang I've been up since like 1am, so I'm gonna try and get a nap in. BBS lovies! Besos 
@pillpushera Well, it was a great quote- live with conviction! Tweet to meet you.  Ok...that was a little lame I know. 
@MisterMiranda83 Ok if I win.. U gotta make a song about the Honey.. Deal?? 
@kinalina Hahaha... Silly   Calm down, you are gonna make me smile to much...lol... Ok, sounds good 
Ok its official I wanna marry Booth! lol as my husband, but wife i think u know 
Ok i finished my HW... Now ima sleep... Goodnight people 
@lilyroseallen Bahaha. Ok. Rant over now. Sorry for messing your page :S PS - looking forward to seeing you in Brisvegas in June... 
@officialcharice and Korea loves you.  BTW, do you recognize the boy in my avatar? heehee
@cutestmidget @kyliemac Ok. For picnics I'll make an exception. 
@JadeK Ok, I'll have to mark that on my calendar. 
&quot;Ok, your codename is Danger.&quot; Hahahahah, typical! Anways, goodniiight twatter 
@moonspiritsts   Ran out of sea salt, need to go get some - other salt just NOT the same.  Okay, gonna try the damn eggplant - soon! 
@blessedone337   Blame  Jillian  Micheals  haha.  I'm Ok nothing a  good nights rest won't work out..  
Ok, def productive today-all the stuff before AND unpacked my books!  
@Roxie22 Okay, that works.  aaaand, you guys have Skype chats like, every day now. LOL
@_MikeNewton_ Ok, I'll bring it all!!    I'll talk to you tomorrow!!  Night!  *2000th tweet...* :-D
Ok, husband made car appt for stupid o'clock in the morning. So, I'd better go take a nap! Goodnight, Twitterverse! 
Ok ok I don't seem 2feel Sandman yet but I'm awaitin jus A tinkle @my brow would b nice 
Ok Dorky, I fixed it, lol....love ya! TGIF Ladies 
@kirstiealley. you are BEAUTIFUL outside and inside. Ok, I'm off to beddy bye. Book signings are exhausting!  G'night
@l_eau Aw.  Ok, I'm off now, on my exciting eskimo adventure with emski.  Talk soooon &lt;3
Plans for today: Lunch with my darling Leila, getting my hair cut... Ok, that's the good part 
Ok guys! I'll be right back. Stay updating your twitter people! 
Ok. I have to go lie down. Dentist rules. Hahaha. be back later. 
@ktbeeper Ok. NOw maybe go to sleep huh? I'm being selfish here I really gotta work 
@madsdeguzman You can do it! As Pinoys we are genetically programmed to send and receive text messages. Anyway there's the LG App 
@PollitoFreak Like around 8 i believe, i will call for showtimes and then set it with Claudio to let you know! Ok 
@Saracen5   Ok off to get a pool for the kids, gonna be a mental day!
