Most common words for this cluster:
[('ok', 800), ('time', 55), ('lol', 39), ('day', 39), ('na', 36), ('today', 33), ('work', 32), ('night', 26), ('quot', 20), ('tomorrow', 19), ('amp', 19), ('twitter', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ok', 0.9999415278434753), (u'Okay', 0.8208674192428589), (u'Hmm', 0.7181221842765808), (u'lol', 0.7064629793167114), (u'Uh', 0.6964858174324036), (u'Haha', 0.6919302940368652), (u'Ummm', 0.6916268467903137), (u'Hmmm', 0.6877322793006897), (u'Anyways', 0.6838023066520691), (u'Anyway', 0.6799576878547668)]





Ok wonder why twitpix isn't an option for this new phone I got?! I can't win! I'll leave the photos to my cuz I guess... 
Ok... so 2 hours into the self imposed shopping ban, and i am already aching for a shoe fix...this is going to be harder than i thought 
Ok here's the deal i live in a small town i've never seen anythin famous n anyway so i thought i might luck up on something 
Ok its official, I feel like crap.  Dunno if its allergies or a cold but I hate feeling the phlem at the back of my throat. 
Ok...so after closer observation, scratch the fly old men....sugar dads for other obvious reasons  damn I knew it was 2 good 2 be true
Ok i have to get to bed moving tomorrow and the next day 
is still revising. When will this hell on earth end? Ok, wait. Not that bad but still! Other sixth formers will know exactly what I mean! 
@socalvixen http://twitpic.com/3jodg - Ok why am I on the east coast missing all this skin 
Ok i'm going to kick pete wentz's butt  the weather is pretty now! I'm heart broken.
Ok...only a couple more weeks of doing school work at random times because i'm a procrastinator  i really need to fix that
Ok I just officially drank this whole bottle of wine... 
@HPlightningbolt Ok....best friend's son is in the hospital   He's not even 2 yet!
Ok so I tried to lay down. But I'm wide awake. This sucks ass 
@DelSho Ok, after a bit of googling I found not only the sad answer to my SLTS S02 question but the awful truth/ $$ owed to u &amp; others! 
http://tinyurl.com/d9yjfk *cough* Ok, for now, I stay with DVDs... 
Ok I'm upset!!!! woke up and put the telly on just as the news told me who won the grand prix!!!!!   #formula1
Ok now bk 2 work!! I hate studyin!! 
Ok now a little bit of work. 
Ok off for my run, then to get food and well not feeling to well, so going to miss church! :0X I know I know  pray for me connie! ;)
Really loving freds new song. Ok, must stop dossing or I'll never be finished. @maiseyg I hope you're ok you poor thing 
Ok so we are going out to play in the mud at 1 to finish the round--it will be a 36 hole event 
Ok back to my nap..its so hard though..can't force sleep. But I need to take advantage of when my kiddies r getting shuteye 
Ok had enough can't take no more im going to bed 
Ok ok so I got on the bus buh I'll be sooo late if I walked  xx
Ok I can't stay up anymore gnite all study will continue 2morrow  nite nite
@duskyazure Ok now, but i've had the flu for the last couple of days 
Ok... in college... cant believe im awake.... 
Ok so its 0640 and I think I have to be at work at 0800 no time for my morning run 
Ok so I have class on my birthday also have a fitting for a friend and its supposed to rain can forget have to sketch all on the big 21 
@alexerific Ok, well in that case, definitely stay up and watch it... I'm obsessed LOL... it's going to be so hard to wait for series 4 
Ok, leaving MyMan's now.  I hate this part of my day.
@chiminychanga I can't  I get chills up my spine like imagining biting down on a metal fork and pulling it... Ok yeah I took the cap off.
Ok, have you seen my headphones? I have them in my hand, I laugh, &amp; then headphones not in my hand!  *thinks*
Ok.... *sigh* im up now so you can terrorize me again.. 
Ok i am so sorry for all the people that have caught #ChrisFlu 
Ok, last day with internet access... I will miss you my friend 
Ok so maybe we aren't going to the bbq, turns out the host is at work  sucky
@brandon_morton Ok, I am ready to learn your secrets for getting followers. Since You have more than me. boo who 
Ok I cave I wanna I phone like I really do 
Ok now the conversation got boring! 
@john827 Ok than go and watch with me!!! I just have to work Crooners after the show. 
@john827 Ok then go and watch with me!!! I just have to work Crooners after the show. 
@MattHaywardUK Ok, another busy day ahead 
Ok seriously I need a new agent.  Watch this space tweeps im goin2 the top!
Ok what's going on twitter? I'm having technical difficulties 
Ok twitter is getting a little old fast 
Ok, starting to get bored of Tweetvisor. 
Ok, so if a man becomes a woman, and still likes women is he technically a lesbian? But if he like men is he still gay? I'm confused 
Ok so it was actually 9:54 when I sent that last tweet..and yes it was lame ..audio gag that doesn't work in a tweet context 
Ok, have to gag, i mean go - well, same thing  hope to tweet you all soon (when not in bathroom feeling ill) take care all xxx
Ok , back to work  ... Laters... 
Ok 3 am has passed and no call from work-I'm not complaining but, I know they will call during my work out 
And according to another quiz I did (can you see I'm bored), I'm not getting married until I'm 45!  Ok gettin this ass to the gym now!
Ok so i found food cracker's with only butter cause there is no chesses  and tea x
8am class?  uggggh. Ok, just ONE more week!
I am hungry and thirsty and don't want to get an endosopy today  Ok, whining over.
Ok the computers have messed up so they are holding 3rd hour bell I'm ready to go 
Ok..the sunburn is getting worse!  Getting redder &amp; redder!  I hurt now! 
Ok stomach, giving up spicy food just for you. 
Ok now they're playing the nanny diaries, fail 
So that the whole world can see? Ok 
Buuuuuuuzzzzzzzzeeeeeeeddddd in vegas....strip club!!!!! No? Ok 
Ok it's official my brains full! I'm fed up of revision! 
Ok I am going to go cold turkey. No more chocolate, back on weight watchers diet... On now i thought of it I want some ohhhhhhhhh 
Ok so a bee or a wasp got caught in my hair and proceeded to sting the crap out of my neck. 
Ok scratch that we missed our flight 
Ok I admit it I am watching the apprentice. But first I watched the finale if the amazing race. I wish I could do the amazing race 
Ok time to cuddle up with my pillow 
Ok time to work 
Ok, yeahhhhh. I am watching tv instead of studying! AHHH. 
@blip The 30 sec extracts are boring  I want the full song! Ok, I would like, please  ? http://blip.fm/~63m9t
Ok it's official - this day is not a great day and i might as well say it - tomorrow won't be either 
Ok so my rant prev. is totally undermined by my 10-month negligence to take my future into my own hands and pursue my career aspirations. 
@hollyseddon Ok stop please. I just spat my coffee all over the keyboard 
Ok I've been back 2 work 4 days and my hands are all ready in bad shape. I'm gonna have old man hands, lol 
@tophatdog  Ok i just posted the videos and some pics again on my dogs myspace and mine.
Ok I have nothing against big girls but want I'm sitting next to is just not what's up 
Ok, so i have to go pee really bad but there is a creepy crawly centipede thing on the door, so im not gonna go pee.  but i gotta!
Ok so wolverine did not look so great in theaters the effects were meh 
@GullyDaMonsta Ok, well check this out: What does it mean a man says, &quot;You deserve someone better&quot;? I've gotten that one hm once or twice 
Ok im sorry. But oh my god im bout ready to keel over and die cause of  stupid cramps! &gt;.&lt; i cant even sleep they hurt so bad! 
Ok...my feet hurt now 
Ok i am back and have been for a few unfortunately the hubby isnt drunk enough to just go to bed. So he is online instead 
Ok tell me this why does my body feel the need to wake up at 7 am ok the weekend  great start.
@2fly2Bking Ok Ok Ok! Ats my shit! RICKYYYYYY.....!!!!!! 
Ok so tonight wasn't all that good   If only.....
Ok, guess who blew it yesterday. Too many drinks at the beach, almost drown...too many other things as well...blowin it man.   
Ok so yeah I guess that's how the cookie crumbles 
Ok, bout to leave for hospital, i'm not feeling well 
Ok let me start on this feature... got a load of questions to answer 
Ok my cable is finally back on but i still have no internet 
Ok why did that update twice? haha - techonology can be so confusing - I sound like my mum  xoxo
Ok so we've run out of coffee  looks like it's just revision then!
Ok imma try and sleep hopefully I will be able to 
Ok, exam invigilation is seriously boring business. just got out for a brief break, i wouldn't dream of twitting in the exam room 
Ok, so that cereal feedn we did a few days ago...prob shouldn't hv! Evr since he wakes up durn the nite n he used to slp thru - bad idea 
Ok off to coollage, in rain  Toodles for now!
LUNCH TIME!! Yahay!!! Ok calming down now! More work after :|  I can't escape it!! 
Ok, now I'm really depressed  Never felt so old.
Ok, i'm close to this place where i have to preform some witty banter of a speech...i think, but being directionless isn't helping  x
Ok, the shoes are more like an entire size too big, making them impossible to walk in (found this out after getting to work, lol) 
@caffeinebomb Ok well that's my last official day as a sabb  Is it full day event or can I come and partake in bits when I have time?
Ok back to work. 
Ok well...i need to go have a bath and do some packing  love ya's x
Ok i seriously need somone to talk 2 not seen anyone today  I talking to my dog &amp; he is not big on convos where r u Pippeemoooeee?
Ok rain is a cool thing untill u get rained on while riding a motorcycle. So what I am say I got wet 
Ok so how about I got into an accident on my way to the club 
Ok, sleep time. I've been falling on my face exhausted all day. Why am I still awake at 2:45? 
@bethanie Ok, I'll do the &quot;I hate apostrophes in the wrong spot&quot; song. It doesn't sound quite as catchy as yours 
Ok I meant my  will turn right side up ....get it? got it? GOOOOOOD!
Ok so i think ima go to sleep now..gotta go in to wrk at 10am tomorro  ugh i hate wrk
Ok so it's 12:57 am in ontario ca... I'm so wide awake next to my Babylove kinda sucks he went to sleep early  but boooo... I'm so bored!!
Ok so in work, no phones allowed now  so have had to sneak around just to tweet, I think I shall start a hash tag. #ninjatweet
Ok... getting better... need to get me shit together for the weekend's gig... but I'm just so tired 
@Harkenback Ok, thank you for letting me know much appreciated  the originals just seem to have dramaticly increased in price lately 
Ok, this cloudy, gloomy, rainy weather is getting old!! I'm losing my pretty tan!! 
Ok. I am realy not looking forward to tommorow. I have butterflies in my stumach already now 
Ok busy girl here.. back to work... must leave twitter for a while 
Ok.... *sigh* im up now so you can terrorize me again.. 
Ok, there must be some serious problems if internet is down and all comcast #s don't work 
@JBananass  ... Ok not all of them but some still get a chuckle or two outta me. Lol
Ok so... my picture isn't working dont know what to do hopefully I can fix it soon ............ tear 
Ok based on the tweets being sent out by @glennbeck I am starting to think that its not really him 
Ok so this just about kills it 2mph &amp; 72miles 2 go 2 catch the 6pm ferry 
Ok tweets I'm totly bored &amp; sum1 is mad @ me (@EarlskeeGMC) so I can't have any convo time &amp; I have a lot to talk about so time 2 sleep 
Ok ppl. heading to bed. I'm so tired, with my almost-twisted-ankle, and my back hurts, and I need to pee, and I gotta be up at 9 tomorrow 
Ok so i was driving on the 405 today and the guy infront of me ran over a pigeon. feathers flew everywhere and guts got on my windshield 
Ok still at work and getting tired now. If I can get the tabs to work im gold...if not might be here another hour....so much for the gym. 
Ok I think I jinxed my 8900..did 2 battery pulls and berry stays stuck on carrier screen 
OK Ok so all the trophies in hockey = BADASS. They all look like they cost a zillion dollars. I want one 
Ok so my mom just had her surgery and we got back at 5:00 pm and she is spending the night at the hospital. 
Ok im alive and awake  need to go see clients tomorrow too so no deep sleep for me yet.
Ok I'm I lied I'm going to die we are driving home in the middle of this 
Ok. I'll just go play on my music page.         No bye or anything...    
Ok everyone... It was nice to tweet again. It's now 1am and I gotta work tomorrow.  
Ok so it wasn't movie nite afterall 
Ok I'm in hell again...starbucks is closed 
Ok fine she didnt  lol
@robinreekers  that's no good, I hope everything is Ok
Ok...I'm gonna go watch 'Friends', cause I don't have any in real life. 
Ok since not enough people aredown guess we are going to wait till tomorrow 
Ok ... the passengers ... no one is alive ... they're all dead ... you just don't know it til the end ... then you cry ... 
Ok, other then my shoe, the club is cool. Its fun, and its poppin except 4 the ppl tryna dance wit me 
Ok hubby really isnt going to be logging off anytime soon  what to do what to do?
Ok, ahhh! Last chance to go into school before chemistry exam!! 
Ok this is a lot more boring then I thought  and matt has me on lockdown bc of moolah...
Ok super bored... guess no one else it 
Ok I'm frustrated, there is hella dust between the screens of my blackberry 
Ok, I'm going outside...wish i was playing basketball  oh well...
Ok time to study for bus law and ethics, gotta test today 
Ok, shortened urls are fine and all but, please, give me more context other than just &quot;cool&quot;. Not everyone has &quot;url-auto-expand&quot; 
Ok..ok...my house needs cleaning...clothes need washing...time to put twitter away for awhile...wahhhh 
Ok so 4 needs to hurry up and come wtf I wanna go hooooommmeeee! 
Ok so my sister is going camping I'm so mad because i have to work tomorrow      have fun
@prsvr Ok then  ...I was doing fine..now not so much lol
Ok the thunder is scaring me 
Ok- I guess it's time to throw in the towel and head to work 
Ok so I've now got a bit of a bad back after lifting all drum hardware into my car   downer.
Ok, my job at walmart is a cart pusher  i hope i dont get sunburned
Ok... hice mi version de emots en windows live messenger 
Ok I didn't updated yesterday for so much doings and later I'm going shopping for school supplies why does school have to be early? 
Doesn't want to blow my nose any fucking more. Ok, where the fuck does it all come from??!!  It's impossible to have this my shit up there
Ok starting to get cold now 
Ok twitts I think ima go to bed now.  night night my loves!!!
@LangeFamily @Sarraharrah #LangeFamilySCAM  Ok, should I feel stupid?  I'm new so....are you scamming people or something? 
Ok so I'm starting to think this twitter thing isn't so cool. I don't know what the big deal is. No one is replying 
I really don't want to wake up. Ok I mean I'm awake, but I don't want to get out of bed yet.   
Ok I'm at this football game and the damn sun has disappeard!!! WTF 
Ok i am officially blind. I wouldn't care but it's making me poor!! 
Ok, it's only been two days since my knee surgery and I'm already going stir crazy!  
@SuperChrisss Ok thanks, me, andrew and lewis send our apologies as you didnt get to say anything before you left 
Ok....and now he is sick of the drive. He can't sleep 
Ok so my package came today but since i was sleeping i have to wait until monday to get it from the post office 
Ok,so my mom dont feel like bringing me , and my crackheads dont feel good 
Ok - the twitter game is too brain cluttery for me. 
Ok it's only been a couple hours since dad has said I can't go, but I already feel like this is hell...  5:21am still no sleep..
Ok...this is not the way i wanted to spend my saturday. Two weeks in a row #$@!?% 
Ok I'm getting sleepy already w/2 hours of road ahead of me. 
Ok i'll try to upload my pic... hope it works, if not i need help.... 
Ok, no breakfast for today.. We'll have lunch in 2 hours instead 
Ok that makes sense. But i have to go now. So bye. 
Ok thinnk LOL 
Ok I lied i love heels but I can't wear them for too long... feels like standing on nails after a while 
Ok so apparently I had a reaction 2 the pinapple in my goose  guess I'm stickin 2 henny from now on aint this a bitch!!!
Ok nm no more zip car/ikea bc my boyfriend aka mr safe/antifun said it's too risky.  how do I buy furniture? Can someone drive me? :,(
Ok i admit i can't drink 
Ok i cant join certain Gateways as connections have been lost  if only i could turn back time and repair what i did.
Ok, last marathon of biology revision starts now, joy 
Ok...I think I woke up too early  I wanna go back to sleep
Ok i did not get a sunburn but i still look spookily white 
Ok going to my physics  final with out a calculater pray for me 
Ok i'll look again. I couldn't find it anywhere! 
@OtaliaRocks I know  Ok me and you we hit all the diff team threads like we have our own - what you think????
I have some serious killer swine flu sore throat right now. (Ok, I just have strep) It hurts like hell and I fell like I wanna die! 
There's literally no food in my house. Ok not literally. But I'm craving eggs and as don't have any 
@deliriumbubbles Aw.  Ok, but my week starts tomorrow.Have a good time, babe.
Ok last night was not a good night 
Ok.. This project is rly hard  who's helping me??
Ok im 99.9 % I have internet now but having my luck something will probably go wrong in 5 seconds 
Ok my brother is really starting to upset me... It makes me sad that I'm upset.  
They eating folks!!!!! Ok tworld I might have to flake out and change the channel 
Ok so my phone was stolen last night 
@sankofa86 awwww. Ok. I miss you! I can't believe everyone is basically leaving 
Ok it is time for the confusion to stop! I have a great guy but have feelings for another nice guy. What do i do? 
thank you irc for being faster than twitter. Ok... need to get a temporary passport... 
Ok so y did I wake up @ 6:30am like I have somewhere to go smh I just wanna go back to sleep &amp; I'm havin a hard time 
I think we have shins so we can find things in the dark.. Ok now that's gonna leave a bruise 
Today is the first official day of the hurricane season!  Ok time to go back to sleep...
Ok, so obviously my picture is that bad it broke the computer! LOL! I will remain faceless for the time being  boo hoo
Ok really gotta go jogging today, didn't go all weekend 
Ok going shopping  alone  no one wants to help       lol i hate shopping
Ok we have no breakfast food except a frozen pizza !! This is not a healthy breakfast 
Ok, mum n dad gave me a bit of an ultimatum for summer, i can go anywhere i want, as long as i have a job, ugh, parents! 
Ok so the steroid kid is staring at me. What to do? 
Ok I'm home really don't feel lik finishin my laundry but------&gt;I hav2 
Ok these pills are not good 
Ok I know I like gloomy days buy im kinda missing the cali sunshine 
Ok  so  why have gas prices gone back  up?  
Ok, so star wars old republic does look amazing. I would actually consider playing it 
Ok, twppl, it's down to the wire...mall  job applications here I come   This is ridiculous...
@CT415 Ok good, I was worried you'd be in the emergency room tonight!  
Ok sry the link dosen't work 
Ok, I chose bhammonds. Turns out that I had an account 3 years ago but its &quot;no longer active&quot;  Nothing is up there yet, but soon!
This evening's weather is fantastic here in Ok!  I really enjoy warmer weather...now if I could just get off work 
Ok so, the paramedics just came to my house, our friend was having trouble breathing, but hes all good now, and i cannot stand needles... 
Ok I been putting off the laundry lemme get this done, I ahvent even packed yet 
Ok...I'm  trying to uplaod a pic on here...why is it not uploading?!??!?!?!?   it must not like me....
Ok peeps...still not feeling good  have a wonderful sleep
Ok now that my heart has been broken for the week.. I gues I will pick up the pieces and try and go eat something..  pray for me ya'll lol
@JonathanRKnight Ok honest but oh so sad to hear and read 
Ok Tweeples... it's hard tearin myself away from here...but yo boy is gonna turn in 
Ok so I gess we're gonna be here for a while... no early leave today. 
Ok, now I feel like snacking on those dried mangoes!! haha! Going to class now ... need to park so far away 
Ok I been at work for 2 hours and it's only 8.37! Hmm 4 more days of this  oh well can sun bathe when I get home 
is hungrrry. Ok I eat way too much 
Ok nvm I guess I do gotta work today  almost had a day off!
Ok time to do some more work... wait its 9:30pm not 9:30am isnt it... something wrong about this whole situation 
Ok so my car doesn't want me 2 make it 2 work 2day 
Ok really worrying about jason now 
Ok so now im bored  entertainment anyone?
Ok now I'm back at work and I'm still sick 
Ok, here's a bit more interesting stuff, some good looking games,Res evil and deadspace, problem is that I expect more from a keynote  #E3
@Mcpattz Ok, not really praying cause i never pray,but i'm thinking on them!  The line of live is so thinny sometimes !
Ok back to work,  it really sux!!
Ok so the eye is getting worse, me thinks a trip to the hospital may be in order 
Ok, as much as I love this video... seen it before 
Ok, in a really, really weird mood right now. I wish I could fast forward or rewind the time. 
@dannymcfly Ok this is the last message im sending promise! please wish me a happy birthday  i might actually cry :p have a good show xxxx
Ok, trying to be good and not go home. but I am being wimpy! 
Ok so everytime i read twitter i so want to be a superstar 
Ok i think i figured out twitter...but wait u cant upload pics...kind of sucks 
Ok I hate baking.  I am never going to figure out how to make brownies or cookies that don't burn on the bottom!!! 
@vincent_ryan Ok... Yea cause i didnt see any mail 
Ok, so typical summer routine commences: insomnia! 
@tallespin Ok I would, but no credits on sg 
Ok so they forgot the cinnamon so put my own on &amp; now there's a big (well small) black spot floating on it  #cancercoffee
Ok this whole waking up before 10 thing really hass to stop.... 
Ok totally out of the loop here #idontunderstand when #whenItypewitha# what it #means   o.O  
Ok so definitely not having a good day! 
Ok im awake  ah i hate this lol
@JustMeyer Ok i just listened to that one...really dope song and the beat.. i guess I'm just not that impressed with their voices 
@jerricklim  i can't get to london on time to catch the connecting flight with u!  boo. Ok, u go alone then!
Ok I've eaten 2 of those smore bars lol they were good but now I'm feeling sicko....save me! 
@emma2381 Ok thanks.. glad there will be a memorial garden there.. bet it was sad.. those poor people 
Ok clean out the basement.....I thought this would be an easy task....NOT!!! 
Ok, so obviously I can't text in my twitter status.  
@1reddiamond @sierraistunt Since u both asked! She Ok, not really eating tho  U know she love food
Ok. i have a conconcussion. doc says i will be fine but no paintballing 
Ok so my camera is out of battery 
@TeamUKskyvixen  sad face! Ok...deep breaths....regroup....close ur eyes n gooo!! (well, open your eyes again, 1st)  it'll b perfect!
Ok yall i kind of got my twitter going again but no new phone yet! 
Ok, so no help today     It's ok, I'll get it done sometime M is available.
Ok it obviously does.  there needs to be a consensus about which one to try to get trending.
Ok maybe I can... Top right- yellow shirt. There's girls smaller&amp;rounder- child obesity- so sad 
Ok so I can't wait to get home and hit my pillow, I'm getting old!  lol
@typsie Ok. I am thinking about coming. But feel really guilty about having you bring me all the way home. It's soooo far 
Ok, I have no motivation tonight 
Ok thought better of it... 
Ok, I suck in Chinese input.  I think I need more practice.
Ok, I'm going to try and write, I can't think of anything, it's so frustrating 
Ok been here twenty min and two drunk guys have hit on me. So does that make me the girl that looks better after a few drinks? 
Ok. I just made coffee here at the station and it doesn't taste right. I don't know why though. 
Ok I promised to be reading... So i will... 
Ok we had an earthquake last night and i am gutted i didnt feel it even though it was only 10 miles away 
Ok, so another shitass day today, nothing to do again. this time last week, i was on a motorway somewhere. 
Ok just yum maccas sundai and to drive home, ahhh i miss @KismetC 
Ok so this fucking ppa guy.....I hate him and I hate 151 
@ChownTown he is kind of cute? no?. Ok then its just me and @sunbug 
Ok I'm failing to see the &quot;partly&quot; sunny part of this morning 
Ok, now I know I'm half asleep. I can't even type properly on the on-screen keyboard! 
Ok, unless I can set a record for fastest sewing w/a 2yr old on my legs, when I open 4 Showase will only have 2 new bags completed. 
@Miikell Ok well then I will not tweet for now 
Ok i now have a new goal. 2 get 20 followers. I have 15 rite now. I had 16 but 1 left me  not kewl. lol anyways, how yas doin?
Ok i have officially lost my voice and my comps monitor is broken, so no more comp for me! 
@WaltWard3 Ok, at first that made me laugh, but then it just made me sad about how dumb we are!!! 
Ok, so im not mad today...i am however confused 
Ok my mac is no longer usable  now I have to save for a new logic board! Apart from that life is peachy!
Ok my phone is officially on drugs sending pictures not scrolling to the side. All signs of psychosis 
@Shanterrelle I know...  *sigh* keep me n u prayers? Ok.
Ok important message, always check the opening hours at the gym! Closes early weekends so no time for gym,just 60 lengths of pool &amp; sauna 
Ok I miss my baby now, I should went with him  http://myloc.me/2Pln
Ok, hearing the rain outside is making me homesick 
Ok so putting the contraption for ttv photography is on hold until next week 
Ok, apparently it is hairball evacuation day for the furriest of the furry.  so gross.
Ok, enough for today. I hope I don't get rocks through my window again... 
Ok so this wedding reception is kinda sorta getting boring and i wanna go home 
Ok, my body apparently hates taking more than 2 hours to clean...ow. 
Ok, I'm off to bed so I can get up before 8 and get ready for work 
Ok I think I am going to be extremely bored tonight..  Don't really feel like going out tho.. Ok going to shower will be back shortly!
@celinehlbk Ok good don't scare me like that 
Ok was meant to study today, but.......I didn't  oooppps
Ok time to get ready for 2nite 
Ok ok, I very well know choco doesn't make you shoot up like insane, but I can't help it 
Ok no I lied, dammit! BTW still stuck in line wtf?! 
Ok I'm gong to bed now i don't feel good 
Ok our home depot drag queen only got a 33.3 score 
Ok weaksauce all sausage and I'm not a meat lover! 
My right knee is broken. Ok it's not literally broken but it's sore as a very sore thing. It feels like it's full of ice  *sulk* *moan*
Ok so it's sunday &amp; i was thinking maybe i ought to have a lazy day before im back at college tomorrow  &lt;3
Ok I jus woke up from the weirdest dream ever...now he's in my dreams?? I'm sad that it wasn't real. 
Ok marketing e-business strategy is totally boring, took me 45 minutes to finish 6 pages 
Ok so I just made it home hoped in the shower and it's almost time to get ready for church. I hope my mom isn't pissed. 
Ok, we're almost to $3 again for gas. Not cool. 
Ok... finally getting there. And during this unscheduled computer breakdown, I've managed to catch up on some much needed research, woo! 
Ok now that I actually looked at who I added that were following me I took 3 of them off as they were just spamming links too sites 
Ok, been waiting for three hours now - maybe not meant to be 
Ok, not so cute now that I saw your vat of cuttlefish and octopus bits...  You'll have to go when the cephalobot comes for nonbelievers!
Ok, I got overly excited. Weeds doesn't start until tomorrow 
Ok i just dropped a peanut in my bed...and i cant find it.   This is why I dont eat in my room or bed. Lol
Ok I've totally turned into a crotchity old man 
Ok the weekend is not aloud to be almost over  I've been having so much relaxing this weekend and now I have to do my small hmwk :-/
Ok we procrastinated long enough. Finally on the way home. 
Ok, off to peeps, thanks to all my new followers, got to be up at 4.30.    night night x x
Ok well night all gotta be up in 7 hours.  xx
Ok, sorry, no need to be mean 
Ok so I'm buzzed been looking for @robromoni And @wolfhudson. No where to be found !!! 
Ok going off line as I start the trip home ready 2 go to work 2morrow. 
I'm losing him.  I don't wanna. I'm losing her.  I don't wanna.  I'm losing myself. &quot;cry your little eyes out you whore.&quot; &quot;Ok.&quot;
Ok, claritin did not work for me at all!!! 
Ok ok . . . lol . . . I was gonna tell u . . . ha ha, but me MIJO is my dog! A very very bad one might I add! He destroys EvERYthng! 
Ok i'll rise but i won't shine!  i'm up early after going to sleep really late :'( and i think i might have training today!
Ok so its late! I have to wake up early... guess its time for bed 
Ok now rant over. And I'm cold. 
@scene3t  Ok then. But would you upload a pic for me?
Ok I am banned from the computer for the rest of today/ tonight.. cuz I will be stuck doing stupid holiday assignments 
Ok, they haven't even pkd me up yet &amp; I already miss my car! 
Ok, so not alcohol dizzy. Some kind of bug-dizzy. 
Ok so I'm sooo not the newbie at my job anymore...  lol
@tommcfly or maybe you just miss me...Ok you don't 
Ok, I'm out again. 
Ok so I'm at lunch yay me rite !!! I hope every ones day isn't rainy as mine 
@wastedlovenotes doesn't want my help restocking books. Ok I see how it is 
Ok, I was drunk last night and talked to my boyfriend on the phone and haven't spoken to him since. I'm scared he's mad at me 
Ok i'm not happy anymore   I'm so scared i'm gonne fail on my exam
Ok so I hate this life now....I wanna go home but me and @dbtblaze may have to stay later because of a damn news interview.... 
Ok, now it's cloudy? This is ridic  Where is summer?!?
Ok so my mom is supposed to be cooking me some nachos since i am starving but she's sitting down talking on the phone 
@KRedCali86 Ok. &amp;&amp; I know there's not. 
Ok so i walked 2 of those country miles out of my way...I hope im not lost 
Ok I gotta stop obsessing now :/ nothing wrong with being a big big fan but staying in all day and watching every video has gotta stop 
Ok it's official I hate my job 
Ok it just hit me. hockey's over   
Ok well i was wrong next friday ill be heading out to canyon lake! 
Ok..the air in my apartment suddely stopped working! I'm pissed! I can't stand to be hot! this is going to be a long night! 
Ok trying to find some backrounds for my page but no luck  any suggestions
Ok my arms hurt now from the shots! I move move them 
Ok I think my headache is coming back grrr!!!!!!! 
Minty's lips are swollen cos she's been making out too much so she can't go out with me today.  Ok, so maybe it's an allergy but still!
Ok, back to the piling notes 
Ok technically I am done but I am scared for my grade  lol
@webaddict Ok, I'll be serious for a moment.  I used to garden a lot, just got tired of the heat here killing everything. 
Ok, unfortunately I have to go.  I will miss you all and I love you guys lots!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Until next time... *HUGS!*
Ok fam ima try to go to sleep but its storming out so im not gonna get alot of sleep     ~ I got something to admit ~
Ok its off to work for me!! I am going to try to tweet some from work and see how that works out, can't get @ replies there though 
Ok it's time for a haircut. and ohh the neighbour kids are in my house again. It's sad, I've been called aunty many times 
Ok. so no gym... tooooo tired 
Ok one the graze boxes was from week before last... it looks mouldy 
@highdigi Ok....I feel guilty now!! 
Ok.. not really gettin used to it 
Ok at school back to tweeting once exam is over @ 4  wonder if I've reached 5000 tweets yet?
Ok yaw so yesterday marked the real calorie burnout of my work out session 15 miles on the bike or an hour or 500 calories.. Then weights 
Ok now i'm getting worried. I just got asked I'd again in weatherspoons I have no I'd  had to move on
Ok well i'm home, the scary movie is on, in my pj's, pizza started, but where the hell are the storms? 
Ok...time to work... 
Ok, so it wasn't a good one..*sigh*...oh well, maybe the next one... 
should have left the house by now but.... Ok im leaving bye 
Ok i'm bout to get a mani and pedi so no twittering for a while  bbl
Ok so I used this so called home remedy 2 unclog pipes...baking soda, vinegar, and hot water....bad idea...my sink is so overflowing 
Ok work is chaotic not such a good start to a week 
Ok, im finished being humiliayed at the wii. lol. And on another note. I dont get to see marissa today 
Ok, now I'm crying 
Ok so I'm getting jealous over this new iPhone 
Ok so now I'm freezing...didn't wear enough clothes 
Ok the buzzed affect has warn off and the tired affect has kicked in  sleep time
Ok link for tweetdeck not workin for me 
Ok I confess I kinda miss Jayhsant 
Ok for the 1st time I actually felt pain when I gave myself my shot  ow! I guess I was too close to my appendix scar but I was inches off!
2 mins til bedtime....this is boot camp! Ok they're repeating stank leg.   sending to bed now...
Ok guys so this may b my last day on twitter 
Ok wtf. I am soo jelous of @perezhilton i want lady gaga's &quot;no&quot; pants!!!! 
Ok have to find out why tweets have not been going to my phone.  
Ok goodnight everyone! I need to go to bed so that I can work tomorrow 
Ok now I'm awake &amp; bored, wit no one 2 talk too 
Ok enough of that back to work looks like an all nighter 
Ok i have to get up early in case the window men come early and fit the new windows  then revision time
@kari_shma  Ok I don't understand this but what is the hump day  I am clueless I even read some autographs on myyearbook homepage ???
Hey my 80 followers! OMG! 80!!! 100 please?  Ok so anyway... I haven't been on in like, 4ever! So sorry!  Ok so.............. wassup? 
-up feelin happy then got sad knowin it wasn't real,in my dreams of her I end up crushd  must stop dreamin her soon! Ok my tweeps
Ok. I have a toothacke, headacke, the cold and an awful cough!? Why me? 
Ok, not too bad so far, i found @FrickinAmy, still raining though which sucks 
Ok...I'm giving in and going to the doctor to get a shot for my poison oak! I hate shots!!! 
Ok so I got up and now I'm dead tired  CAFFEINE PlZ!
Ok seriously - of all days, thunder storms predicted? Noooooooooooo! 
Ok so now cody is offline and i have no one to speak nerd to 
Ok 2 weeks in and the palm pre has froze 3 times and now I'm on an exchange waiting list 
Ok I just had the best walk of my life... But now I am all itchy 
Ok, I'm going to finish my report for the boss. I miss twitter    I will be back!
Ok maybe not even funny. 
Ok. It's time to leave office and go home 
Ok going to stop looking at holidays and houses now!!!!! 
So excited.....school is over yay..... Ok just for today  lunch time. . . About to hit up my fav thai spot  http://myloc.me/4aJc
Why did tweetie stop loading tweets properly? Ok twiiterena til it sorts 
Ok my feet hurt 
Ok oprah got me crying right now  lmao
Ok this is one intense cleaning ..  someone come help me!
Ok I posting !! It's going to take 40 mins! GRRRRRR!  Wump wump
Ok trying again to go to sleep. All anxious tonight  night all x
Ok, back to be sick, its getting worse 
Ok driving is just scary now 
Ok I admit it I'm horrible at basketball.     But I am good at sorting curry boxes!!!!
Ok  turn off the heat.... still waiting for my lappie to cpme home 
@christopherbw Ok thanks...I had to update my itunes first...PISSED 
Ok really cant sleep this bed is like a brick with spikes wa 
Ok..back to studying... 
Ok now for really..I'm going make a video..all alone 
Ok! I feel awful and I'm so, so tired. Not funny anymore  * squints as hurts sleepy eyes to look at bright screen *
Ok my iphone got murdered... trying to restore its previous healty state! 
Ok my iphone got murdered... trying to restore its previous healthy state! 
I need food. Ok, I'm gonna get up, but my side hurts so bad. 
Ok its official I need a new charger 
Ok seriously not kool the need to fix this interruption now, I can't sleep wit out music, I put a radio channel on and sleep  not kool
Ok mum n chris's wedding aniversary and fathers day with both dad and chris 2 die 4=skint 
Ok, so there was slight disappointmet. 
Ok i have decided Iam going out I remembered i have a 10% discount at lush and need more soap.I wish i had someone to shop with 
Ok really got to go now 
Ok - this headache that started last night and continues this morning is now officially old! It's too early to take more medicine. 
Ok so the clique dinner might get relocated?.... 
Ok the backend stuff is in place. About to start the design for album listing, photo listing &amp; photo view 
Ok so I really need to spend my money wisely this time on holiday and not buy too much because the weight limit has gone down 
Ok,so I am new @ this twitter thing anyone have any advice? I use twitterberry......don't know much about it  help please!!
Ok.... my last two picture tweets were supposed to say @brotherscider doh 
Ok so busy in house day got turned upside down when I dropped my phone and it broke into 3 different pieces 
Ok this rain is really making me mad... It's never gonna be summer 
Ok why is it impossible to find a video of P!nk at t in the park 
Ok so i'm starting to feel better- but it's Stefans night to play in his straight pool league   maybe I'll actually pick up a cue tomorrow
Ok this sore throat is pi$$ing me off now. I hate being sick  I won't b working tonight but I'm hoping that I'll feel better tomorrow
Ok so somone told me today that no one cares about what i do all day what I had for lunch and no one really read my Tweets.... 
@bairdduvessa Ok now im jelious(sp) it's gonna be 100 here tomorrow 
Ok. I didn't bring anything to wear 
is crying over spilled milk. Ok, so maybe my eye is watering from allergies, but there is, in fact, spilled milk. And I stepped in it 
Ok, now who has my camera charger?! I want to be done packing, dammit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And !!!! 
Ok...i'm going to bed now...i don't wanna leave  i love my Twitterfam...promise i will tweet tomorrow......Kisses
@popscoyote LOL. Ok let me know. 
Ok almost at work  pissed! Them techno junkies are gonna wear me out :S ...o well with great power comes great responsibility..ha!
Ok, PepperDog is much better, but now CheeseRat is sick. I'm not having much luck with my furry family 
@DanielKGlenn Ok sooo I got pics on my last trip they did not compare to yours LoL...not 2 mention NO DumDums 
Ok, back to th books. 
Ok.. time to star studying again!  I'm getting tired just by thinking of it..
Ok, so after toying with the blog theme, I settled on... what I already had. 
@DanielKGlenn Ok sooo I got pics on my last trip they did not compare to yours LoL..... not 2 mention NO DumDums 
Ok, time 2 work 
Ok so it's definitely not so sunny...lame 
Ok, so I got up on my one day off and my sister is apparently sick....  .....
Ok. I'm not good at ratios. 
@ladibrownsugar Ok well that just means it's my broke down ass work computer. That sucks 
Ok its official-i have to leave chase as a bank...any suggestions who to bank with now?  I have a feeling bank of america is about it...
Ok so things are turning out to be the worst. I'm so sad 
Ok...I've waited for the mopped floor to dry. Time to get back to work. 
Ok maybe I should clarify....it is now storming....way 2 ruin my swim 
Ok...so I was wrong when I thought the worst thing to spill at work was whipping cream...hiya caramel drizzle all over me...sticky times 
@EvertB Ok, was hoping you'd save me the effort sorry 
Ok....off for a while....maybe cuddling with my soon to be 6 year old before he outgrows the cuddle stage 
Ok gotta stop tweetin and start sleepin lol got another early start tomoro!  nite all! xx
@Christyxcore ah. Ok. I want beejive 3.0 
Ok.. got it off!  I loosened the tightening screw with a monkey wrench! And I thought I was strong enough.  
sooo no one has any good music ideas to share? Ok then... 
Ok I'm officially feeling a bit lonely today  @NicholasPerkins and I should be doing something fun but he's working.
Ok i would be mad know but im  ganna be nice   sony vegas is annoying me!
Ok so now I'm being ignored.... 
This is our day, our graduation, and our last night  I'm going to having lunch with sash&amp;ayu with their fam. Ok bye!
Ok, so you can't reply &amp; view your followers from mobile web 
Ok seriously.. Is it ever going to stop raining? This is getting so annoying.. 
Ok im tryin to write a short story for a contest and i only hav 1 good sentence 
Ok I need someone to keep me up!!! I can NOT fall asleep on this train!!! And @markmyuse isn't answering my texts 
Ok absolutely NO more twitter updates...gotta put the bberry away 
Ok everyone listen up, on thursday our computer burnt up and that why I haven't been on, gonna have to wait a while I guess 
Ok.. finally the weekend, lots of homework... 
What?! Ok there is missing footage in that episode!! 
Ok so everything was fine and dandy until my sisters friend started crying bcuz her dad has cancer..fuck I feel bad and got teary eyed 
Ok sunrise came early after not going to sleep until 4:30am. 
Ok.... *sigh* im up now so you can terrorize me again.. 
What! No apple butter toasted muffins. Ok i will take a bagel 
Ok now I'm reallly nervous ... I don't see my entry posted ...  I hope I didn't do anything wrong ...  
Ok-how do I make the twitter train shit stop?  I changed my password yesterday, but it was posted again today 
Ok I'm messed up because I can never choose a background I like.   l think I'll go searching. peace.love.glitter.
@xtifferyx Ok, that is so horrible i want to cry.  I'm so sorry.
@AllyPea  Ok, have fun then!
@hlegg90 ah makes sense! Ok ummm later sunday are you free? If not, I'm going back to chi on mon at 11am 
@roxycross Ok yeah, I'm drooling...mine are gonna take forever cuz I was sooo slow      I think I have 1 tiny tomato growing
Ok I'm thinking I really need to get my mattress and a few chairs in my new  appartment its doing my head in now... 
@S1ic3dBr3ad Ok. I pulled it from the map list just in case. It's an alpha, so maybe there's a new version. I kinda liked it. 
@MissyMinxx  Ok today I guess, still dreading tomorrow    thanks....
Ok i got 2 clean house and i really don't want 2! 
Ok I made my decision 
Ok so...I just put food in my belly now i feel great....YES, time to go sleep!...i mean work 
Ok... tweetdeck has been total crap since I updated ...will not work, anyone have the inside on similar apps.  Need my tweetdeck 
Ok I don't need to go on minute by minute detailed rides fuck what happened to poiint the bike in a direction and go????????I'm fucked 
Ok I'm ready to be home now.  hmpf
Ok, had some dinner, watched a few epis of How I met your mother... And now it is back to studying again!  I can't wait til it's all over!
Ok seems that every single day this week theres something hindering me from my reviews 
Ok guys weekly odone drill, please start txting me...... 
@yoyomo ugh. Ok maybe we cant do this cuz i my parents dont wanna give me a ride and they wouldnt let you take me 
Ok i need to go out today i need a drink i been stuck doin paperwork n callbacks all freakin day. n im still not done working. 
Ok it's 3 minutes 2 6pm and the wedding has not started yet...  maybe 6pm it will start.., ok I see the camera people getting in place YES
@AdmiralPerry Ok laughd @ the stuff about fixing the window and replacing the feeders..squirrels are annoying but living creatures.. 
Ok gonna finish this episode of arrested development and go to bed. hate that my bedtime revolves around work 
Ok...I'm starting to feel guilty now! Retail therapy has to cease!!!! 
Ok that cat's hair is killing me  i am definetly sure i am allergic
Ok. . .so I suck at air hockey. 
@keyvanCA Ok I hope it was not offensive to you, 
@foreverxoxoxs Everything Ok? 
Ok I give up.. What's with twitter?.... No ones twittering or I'm not getting anything 
Ok I don't wanna b in the house lookin @ all the festivities goin  on.. Some1 come get me 
@jackgraycnn Ok...now you aren't the only one 
Ok everyone following me...follow this person the helped me reach 1000 @WeLoveCentralPA @Ivenetian I only have 31 followers 
Ok, patching on WoW done now, trying to play. Why do I feel dirty all of a sudden 
Ok bye definetly over tweeting tonight, obviously lonely 
Ok good night everybody! I'm all alone tonight 
Ok, imma play some WoW now. Since I have been gone from it for a few months I need to respec my warrior now. 
Ok so he approved my comment holy shit im so fucking happy now!!!! Yaaaay i love u @danecook been trying forever n forgot to put sufi 
Ok, back to doing homework. I'm seriously tired of all my weekends being taken over by homework. This sucks 
Its Ok, sussed it, being thick! 
@hezmanagirl Ok! I have to improve my english, too 
The father pays for the &quot;crimes&quot; of the child..? Ok... so how does that work then? 
Ok. It might be fathers day. But that doesnt mean you can kick your daughter off the TV when watching a flim 
Ok so I'm paying for it today 
Ok ppl... Even first graders can open a damn combination. The safe is absolutely the same. I was sleepin so well! 
Ok well guys are dumb.. turns out he wasnt the most awesome person eva.. 
Ok now i've eaten waaaaay too much and feel sick  xx
Ok my way to work 
Yawwwwwwn! Ok, really gotta get up this time, too much to do... I hate that I have to go in to work, even if just for a few hours 
Ok get in a orderley queue hangover and tonsolitous I really cannot handle both of you at the same time 
Ok - away to gut out the kitchen and bathroom. This could take a while 
Ok @lilmisslexi I'm so bored! All alone 
Ok way to humid out. 
Ok seriously i hate this phone. its totally gay! even the keypad sounds are really gay! someone save me! 
@Adrigonzo Ok now, im hangin my head in shame 
@miriamlinky oh Ok i missed it 
Ok, really starting to get tired of these damn bats. I cant even enjoy being home from my vacation. 
Ok now its hard nd gettin me fustrated 
Ok I'm @ work early. I'm tired 
Ok this was too fun. But now I have to go buy shoes 
Ok, after reading this I know why there isn't any twitter push applications  - http://jerakeen.org/notes/2009/06/125128358/
Ok I keep blocking the porn things following me but they keep coming back  anyone know how to get rid of them for good?
Ok ive came to a point in my life wen i think a certain hottie wnt reply to any of my tweets  dam it lyf sucks ass x
Ok ima fix my shit today  no more fb connection, Aimz has told me off lol
@brittdeezy lmfaoooo. Ok no I wasn't   I lied
Ok why do i even bother if no one tweets back? 
Ok even thought I am in a good mood this f**king migraine is ruining that 
Ok iz tyme for beddd.. I'm going to regret being up dis late in the am  (o well)
Ok, it's 3:15am and I'm still not asleep.  I'm going to be a zombie later today 
Ok just walking into work  Few more hours then I'm outta ere!!
Ok I'm bored now.......................... 
Ok so now i can't sleep i went to bed at like 2 and now it's 6 great 
Ok, enough browsing the web for now... gotta get to work.  It's going to be another long day.  
@celientje_ Ok is goed sjatje :-p I need an outfit for tomorrow so help me out,A'dam was bleeee  sjiejesjo kussie
@meredithanne42 Ok...just saw the terrible taste tweet.  
Ok my ipod left me a few mins after i said that, my teacher spotted it in and told me to get it out 
Ok atl I thought new york had some killer pigeons...I was just attacked by a pigeon LOL I thought they were afraid of people 
Ok I don't wanna sound snooty but were at a punk and emo club and there is waaaay too many jocks here I hate uni holidays  this is ours
Ok so I woke up late and I am now starting to drink the oral solution 
Ok, sun not shining now, but still happy 
Ok guys - we've officially launched new languages #Swedish and #Russian - really fun, if you ask me!  www.surveypirate.com
Ok  its off to bed with me.   If this tweet wakes anybody up, you should have had your phone on silent mode!   
Ok, so i just started twitter  What do i do now? lol
Ok...now only 30 minutes left! can't wait! 4 days off solely to myself..ahhhh..no phones, radio's...saved a life tonight..felt good! 
Ok the sweet pepper muffin is not for me.but now it's the blueberry choc chip vs the espresso choc chip  @vidaecaffe
Ok yeah I like the new black eyed peas song 
Selling DILDO in a box: Ok so backup only was not enough for you pussys, HERE, have some credit cards too  You.. http://tinyurl.com/ca2ecn
I like penis: Ok so backup only was not enough for you pussys, HERE, have some credit cards too  You know, it'.. http://tinyurl.com/d356b3
Ok, bored myself to sleep! and now I shall doze! need more peeps! Send folk my way 
Ok, when one person is always on ur mind does it ever make u wonder how it never gives u a headache?i love it. I Can always think of him 
@TysonDueck Ok.but ignore the wacko lighting and bad angle. I'm really cuter....   lol http://bit.ly/IHyn
Ok I found the motivation to clean...let's see if I can do this in 2 hours! It feels like its gonna b a GREAT day!!! 
@TessMorris Ok....is it secret?!  x
Ok finished episode 1, my verdict so far... I like it, I like it a lot  #MadMen (I'll probably add 'kicksass' soon)
@victoriapk Ok I am signing up for ping too.... I dont think I am interesting enough to require this much social networking 
Ok... this has been one for the books... drove the car through a ditch at 70 mph... but I'm home and alive. 
@ohshizzitzlindz gotta say, first shot of the movie, I was like Ok. 10 bucks worth it!  IT was a lot less cheesy than I was expecting tho
@cathy_nutrition Ok..that's fine. 
Ok, I&quot;m going to bed. If you wanna check out http://buckarub.blogspot.com/ feel free. 
@legallove Ok, let's do this  Werkse!
@SiDawson Ok then, but that just means we'll rope you in as a participant later 
Ok so I didn't end up watching it...I will TOMORROW  i'm gonna go on 100 different websites ive never been on b4 haha. So I'll ttyl 
@LucieLKS Hiiii U Ok? would you be able to send me a signed 4to?  x
Ok skating fans...am getting my website up ad running...pass it on!  launch is set for about 3 weeks from now...
@THEDIAMONDCOACH Ok, I just followed her. 
@OkayStill Ok, what's my first lesson? 
Apparently I've missed quite the active morning. Ok, will drag myself out of bed finally.  #thatswhatilikeaboutsundays.
Ok I admit it pandora for blackberry, pretty cool 
@littlemunchkin Ok see you tomorrow  xx
@mrskutcher others should love themselves as well. Ok enough with my so called ranting just wanted to express myself.  have a great day
Ok I think I finally finised shopping 
@GeorgiaPrincez Ok, yeah...I read that. 
Hey everyone!  Ok, I need to go to school now lol.. abit toooo late hahahaha  love ya all! )
@nick_carter Ok after being playin for more the 3 hours my fingers hurt, but tomorrow i'm going to continue 
Ok then better get back out into the garden, its getting hot out there 
Ok re-calculated 68 days til i graduate  really cant wait. and 23 days til my 18th birthday!
Ok ya girl is back, no more sad songs, ready to get this twit game on 
Ok twitterland I am back 
Ok... and now it's time to get a nap 
Ok so I couldn't do it, it was THAT nasty! So instead I'm eating sushi! 
Ok, focus, check review and email. and then work on another review and column 
@whodeani Ok show off..what sort of car is it. 
@a_web_designer U r totally chocolating me up!  Ok - need a visual for @themorningafter - need a pic-help!
Ok, i'm off to bed, goodnite everyone 
@carriemrobison Ok-what's yr address, I'm on my way rt now  I luv planning parties @ my house but haven't done brunch yet. I think it' ...
Ok, who took my back scratcher? 
@clickbangkat really? Wow! Ok 
Ok, time for bed. I try and force myself to go to bed at about 11pm, otherwise I'm inclined to stay up all night! So, night tweeps 
Ok I'm back and helping a friend work on his website 
@dancer__08 Ok, ill get you something from florida too  Ok, will do, i will keep my eyes peeled for anything pour toi. you will meet them!
Ok so at a mother daughter sleep over with my mommy at my church i love having it  they are so much fun 
Ok time for bed, g'night tweeps, each and every one of you are awesome and amazing ppl, take care.  
@TrishDeseine Ok, so where's my hamper? 
Ok, theres the sun!  
Ok whose devices r running out of battery following #awaresg  I am on my bb bold n going flat lor.
@samsafreak Haha. Ok then. If you insist 
Ok I'm over my fit. 
@evybabee Ok, if you're asleep, how'd you tweet this? 
@superpopelectro Ok  see you soon
Ok, let me put my feet up for a lil while and ill catch up w/ u lovely ppl!! 
@christinamartin Ok, this 1 is hillarious. If you're looking for a 'Jesus freak boyfr.', he may be the 1 for u  http://tinyurl.com/c85ffw
@lislBR Ok no prob  I'm fine thanks! I can't stay much but I'll come back later
Ok satisfied with my nite, now time to take it down 
Ok I'm so drunk I'm switching from liquor to beer. These coronas don't taste good after that stogie 
Ok. The song is finished. I'm proud of myself. 
I've caught a cold... man, why am I thinking of swine flu??? No no no... no swine flu! I'm perfectly fine. Ok, move on... 'morning btw! 
Ok yall I'm laying it down after this song lol lauryn hill @ her best and bob...I can't leave jus yet 
@daliuhh I'm gonna watch it 4 a while  but I think it's anazing ;D Ok, post it  some news are on jonashq.com, e.g. behind the scenes
Ok forget the cat boot just shopping 
@craiglparker Ok, how do I do that? 
Ok, 5 dishes done. 6 more to go.. I might have over-catered, anyone wanna pop over for dinner? 
@Trish1981 Ok, its stickin wif me 
Ok i just ordered food  *:?XoXo?:*
Ok one more rum or should I hit the sack???? all votes counted!!! 
Ok my belly is so full now,that apple pie was great in addition to the milkshake...I'm a very happy girl rite now 
Ok off to bed....for real this time haha 
@SophieMoone Ok thanks I appreciate that. And by the way, I love girls too 
@justinflitter Ok thanks dude, that validates other info I have found really appreciate it 
@taniathomasz Ok I will tell all about it, even though I think it would be funnier seeing it in person, or at least hearing it 
Ok @myeditionofgab ! 
Ok, bed time.... my goal for the week is to have as many tweets as lance armstrong (minus the steroids 
@nannynick Ok then have a good day 
Ok just woke up and need to get ready before a day of getting twitterena 2.1 submitted! 
@kate38381849 haha it's ok. i really don't like getting to other businesses so its Ok,  
Ok getting the pink stripey one it's the most subtle I'm a bit bored of the floral print! Ok? 
Ok, I'm awake. I'm awake. I think. 
Ok we found our way now... I think  tonight let's just let go its dance time!
Ok I'm going to go read my new Demonata book,so later  &lt;3
Ok that mother fucking duet was hysterical LOL 
@iadn Ok, just rub it in why don't ya. 
Ok I am going to sleep for real now good night twitter land 
@SerbIaNGoDdesS Hmm Ok next time i see you il just get you to explain to me the whole process  haha
@MattWilsontv Ok, I have enough character now - can I win the lotto? 
Ok, after that eventful night i'm off to bed, good night everyone 
@elsiecake or toy stores.  Ok, enough suggestions from me now. 
Ok good nite and god bless 
@megcabot Ok, I love your books and all but I just have one question...could you pretty please stop with the &quot;, i mean.&quot;'s? 
@huieee thanks for the hint to http://prezi.com/ nice, just like old-school posters - just slower.  Ok, I stop tech-hate for today. ;)
Ok. I'm kind of starting my first &quot;twitter&quot; =P *hehe*  What is it all about?
Ok I'm getting the hang of this...twit twit!!!...here i come 
Ok, blue hair is too ugly. BYES 
@ArunBasilLal  Ok #coffeeclub
@shwey Ok, i'm writing another one since it wasn't the one before, it was an even earlier one! This is what happens when you are bored.. 
Ok, doc said to rest...maybe I should really rest for an hour. closing the notebook, drinking tea and reading something better 
Ok @lorentzforce. #awesome window manager looks... well awesome but probably isn't the right thing for a #marketing guy. 
Ok, just to stop anyone freaking out like Aacura did, I only clipped the car. I'm fine 
Ok going to sleep now 
@FiveThumbsDown Ok *hugs* 
@sarux Ok! im doing it 
Ok..It's clean house day! If I'm following you &amp;you aren't being kind to follow back, you're getting unfollowed.. simple!  
Ok, need to do some more of the diaper hunt.  I did loads the other day. 
Spacewalkers have snacks! Bars in their helmets they can grab with their teeth  (via @absolutspacegrl) Ok, snack breaks...does that work?
Ok twits, I must leave for the beer party thingy... enjoy the evening. I shall return later. 
Ok..nuff for me... I HAVE to concentrate 
Ok Ok, really going to bed now. 
Ok, I'm gone frealz this time.  Gnight Tweets. &lt;3
That's Ok @YumchaGirl, we fished them out, washed them off &amp; she and her fangs was ready to go back to biting people in the neck again 
Ok....rain started again in my place too, but I am safely inside bus  #tweetup
Ok get up and start do the things  But only last some small relax http://bit.ly/3TVpy2 &lt;lol&gt; #bb
Ok, bought my protien shakes and now really have to go and see Angels &amp; Demons! 
Ok going to sleep now.. good night tweeps 
@BricePaige Ok, thanks 
Ok, so I'm a bit happier now that I hung out a little bit with my bff 
Ok, back to my tea 
Ok....back to work 
Ok my stream is moving too fast and I am getting tweets mixed up, time to get dinner organised I think 
Ok I'm on a twitter roll.. I can't sleep! So I'm twittering away! 
Ok, I'm totally heavy metal today! That can only mean one thing: this week is gonna rock. Or... it's gonna be heavy 
@kathyIreland Ok  being nice.  On a lighter note, did they get full containment on the fire?
@thedinnerlady Ok honey... take it easy, drink plenty of water and eat properly... am keeping an eye on you  xxx
Ok... time for a little cleaning room. Btw... i must buy twister! 
@shawnieora no one only has 1 email address. That's impossible!!  Ok... 1.30am aren't you tired?
Ok I have seriously laughed out loud about 6 times from your tweets today people. Thanks I needed that 
Ok lol I'm good now. Lol. Seriously..goin2 bed now.  night.
@saarikko Ok, now I get it. I don't like it either  (Not that I've come across that kind of action very often...)
@lunarcaustic Ok. I better not try. 
@starafar  Ok... I just realised you were saying g'nite to J9... I wondered why u were going 2 bed at 6pm 
Ok everybody i hav given @RichieSosa a bottle and put him to bed. 
@freeeafrica Ok, after all these efforts I really hope you will like it 
Woot woke up 30 minutes ago and worked out till now. Ok back with my workout regime  no chub chub for me
Ok for real now.....lol 
Ok...so ive made 1525 updates, and i only realised now, that i should pay more attention to my @kelliekk LOL eeeedddiot! 
Ok, ok, one of my heals that was dug in slipped. I'll try to keep up with the social networking craze 
Ok, today is going to be a great day... I'm putting that vibe out there!  
@Benculp Ok, so if you worked hard over the weekend, you should be able to relax and take it easy during the week 
@paulOr Ok, I will get it laminated 
@mublogger Ok, just started shredding last week w/ circuit 1. Can I join your crowd? ..and if you want running advice, give me a shout.  
Ok twitter scope down, need to focus on this class. will pop on between training segments 
@tehlike Ok now it's serializing...now I just have to deserialize the interceptor and this LinFu 2.0 will have a serializable proxy 
@leighcheri3 sure did!!! Ok well, it was good not great. may see it again tho 
Ok in my left as well! 
@SleepyJane Ok so we can swop cos I dont mind orange but dont like banana 
Ok got to work on time 
Ok, here we go people, last tweet before the big show ready to yell at the top of my lungs!! i'll let ya know how it goes later 
Ok off to work just 8 more hours to push through before the holiday weekend yaaaaa! 
@Kelliekk Ok good.  I really don't want you hating me 
Ok beloved twitter friends,I'm done for the night &amp; will excuse myself this #FollowFriday,coz I have a busy day ahead-but i love u all 
Ok, have to stop eating Harbibo bears now, feeling a bit strange 
@crochetgal Ok, you beat me  But then, we've never had to water the lawn in summer...
Ok swimming plan cancelled. time for a short nap? 
@lizzie4berries not sad.. Ok, just a little bit *lol* But that good, so I have a few other people to chat with 
Ok so going to my first ever sexpo - this could be interesting 
@ukanw Ok will let you know when I purchase my stool 
@paulschraven ... Ok thanks  now I can make it even better!
@KankzXD Ok I shall stay 
@jlkoctober Ok. I'm gorgeous. 
Ok finished the tutorial now. This is probably my last tweet since i'm going to play the game. 
Ok... I'm done venting... #followfriday @jim_brown - because he's right! 
Ok i did will 
@crazeegeekchick too funny. Ok you hooked me. 
Ok I'm hungry we gotta stop and eat soon....ppl wake up friends...all my friends that r working...hurry up and get off so u can party!! 
@NicJJ  Ok.. will do  x,I'll ask him on facebook.. what shall i say lol?  x
@Sweetz09287 Ok I will!! 
@__abbie__ because the early bird gets the... Ok it's kinda dumb to leave this early. 
@llmunro Ok  thank you! And please tell us if you have any feed-back or suggestion!
.@frausallybenz Was I just included in a list alongside @yokoono? Ok, that's it -- everyone follow @frausallybenz! #followfriday 
Ok have to run a few errands ..BBIAB 
Ok, i'm good on my #followfriday now  
@johnprieur Ok it WAS funny, but I did respond in kind  #TBMiaAvatar
@EleanorDai Ok, I do understand. Make sure to breathe when, you read. Ok? Because, sometimes by butt muscles stop when I read.. heheehee. 
Ok. hurry I'm curious.  Haha.
Ok so my day was stunning! I can always enjoy some quality museum time! 
Ok, think i'm done with public-service announcements for the week. 
Ok ok ok maybe it's not so difficult 
Ok helicopters-quiet time. 
Ok @CharlyJohnson @CharlyJohnson @CharlyJohnson 
Ok - I've stopped being grumpy for the day now  &lt;-- see! I'm smilin;
Ok followers, I got work in the morning so...good night 
Ok, I'll stop now 
Ok calling quits for tonight I accomplished a lot today 
Ok guys...I'm for real going to bed...lol...G'Knight! 
Ok for real this time...goodnight all! 
Ok, so I work on my birthday... I'm gonna be as optimistic as I can be 
Ok, now good nite lol 
Ok jimmy fallon i googled myself and I am still the only one 
Ok so ya'll arent complete idiots!  just some of ya'll
@tiffanylue Ok thanks 
@1_50_1 LOL! You're a cheeky boy! Ok, I'll see what I can do with your music - I might be able to get it around YAY! 
Ok good... got my flip working, software update fixed it    Now off to bed... night all
@crystal71687 Ok then! 
Ok so one of my birthday gifts cheered me up some 
Ok, first of all I am totally in favor of man dates, mark if you need to meet people, man dates can get you extremely well connected 
@aplusk Why do we say &quot;cheers&quot;? Ok, this one I know 
