Most common words for this cluster:
[('okay', 499), ('time', 29), ('today', 22), ('na', 19), ('day', 16), ('work', 15), ('http', 15), ('i', 15), ('lol', 13), ('u', 12), ('com', 11), ('hours', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Okay', 0.9996678233146667), (u'Ok', 0.8211396932601929), (u'Well', 0.8074887990951538), (u'Okay_okay', 0.792779266834259), (u'Hmm', 0.7900087237358093), (u'Uh', 0.7822638750076294), (u'Hmmm', 0.7588493227958679), (u'Anyway', 0.7497648000717163), (u'Yeah', 0.7463106513023376), (u'Ummm', 0.734791100025177)]





Okay I'm sorry that was mean. I'm not nice 
@iPhoneBlog Okay, have to revise that. Productpage says nope. 
Okay so.. A 15 minute break didn't seem like enough... And neither does a 30  maybe I just don't feel like working, ever..in my life..
Okay so how come my post build events worked last week and this week....nothing. 
Okay, I must either have a really stupid comp, or just be really stupid, cause I can't get this stupid tweetdeck to work anymore. 
Okay, so now I have to start the work! Why didn't I do it over the past 2 weeks? 
Okay do not know how I did it but I managed to tear the bumper off the front end of my van, wish my husband was here to fix that for me 
Okay...maybe this slice was the wrong move right before class. 
Okay wtf i cannot sleep 
Okay, I officially hate time differences  I miss my fwends from the other side of this country.. &gt;.&gt;
Okay tweeps...Going to switch over to my server, so no more twitter for me for right now 
Okay im up, and its now a little bit less than four hours to my first exam. POO. im gonna study now... 
Okay #insomnia... Screw you! I'm going to sleep. If my head doesn't burst with all its worries, that is. 
Okay, throwing in the towel on my Bonnaroo dream.   http://tinyurl.com/dau75m
@shinywen Okay this may sound silly but, what is a good use for these oils? They sound awesome, some of your links are broken though 
But you were so far ahead when I voted! oh, no. @OperationNICE Okay, throwing in the towel on my Bonnaroo dream. 
@roguequeen Okay hun.  -hugs-
has swine flu. Okay maybe not, but I really don't feel well 
Okay, I can get them to work if I hold it at a certain slight angle. Sadly, I need to keep my hand in the same place all the time 
Okay ,, i dont wanna in to galway 
Okay, uploading photos. Now with, like, 30% less drummer porn/spam.  And none of the crowd or that random security/pulling-people-out guy.
Okay guys I have whiplash and seat belt burns, besides that I am at home and doing well. I lost my car its wrecked, two years of pay gone 
Okay I miss him so I'm just gonna go to sleep now  G'd night twitters...
Okay now I'm not...fire alarm everybody out.  Sittin outside now 
Okay so I guess cottonwoods firewall is lame... So sorry no picture. 
Okay i neeeeeed some sleep! i has to get up early again for work 
Okay I'm awake .. its too early to do anything .. What to do 
Okay, so today was way long, mom won't stop nagging me about everything under the sun, and now I'm extremely lacking happiness 
Okay so that movie made me think about justin...I miss him 
Okay scratch that we missed out flight 
Okay that wasn't my 500th post!  It was my 460th, I need to learn to count 
@DallasMavsGirl If #Mavs win game 5, count me in for game 6 tix.  Okay, I'll be realistic. 
Okay so today I am going to try to get myself on a normal sleep schedule....already behind schedule 
Okay yeah--- shouldn't have been dancing around-- just because my knee felt better doesnt make it fully healed. Now it hurts again 
Okay, my last ever exam is in two hours and it is by far the most difficult one, totally underestimated it. Nervous breakdown happening 
Okay, good night or I will complain all night and annoy everyone.  Hopefully the rain will return and destroy the electronics... I wish 
1st triathlon of the season... and the waiting my friends, is the hardest part of all.  Okay, maybe it's the swim 
Okay, my hair is... Not great, but not bad also. So I guess it's okay... But not so loving it though 
@hearttwozero Okay, that is sad 
@HanaStephenson omg.. that doesn't sound good!  How can I help you? I'm really there for u, for any help and everytime! Okay? love u xoxox
Okay kid you got one more time to knock down my starbucks cup and we gonna arm wrestle  I don't care if you are only 4
Okay earthquakes really scare me! 
Okay, I got it. #3turnoffwords: Out of coffee 
Okay, lunchtime and #golwg360 is trending pretty hightly. What is it? English please, my welsh sucks 
@confessing7girl @asexiness Okay, you guys are right. 
Okay...so falling asleep during the day is bad because..you wake up at 3:00 in the morning and cant fall back asleep 
@iHolleeee okay miss who blocksme on msn !! Okay bye  love you too xox
Okay, I'm going out for a walk... on my own  crappy Aviemore..
@Small5 Okay....sorry   I don't do everyone because I'm never sure if they want it or not.  @mackeric always wants more so I do him
Okay, time to swallow my pride and shut my design eye, and open a new bebo page 
Okay, so I guess I'm addicted to the exclamation point !! Sorry about that. 
I am not a loser!!! Okay I am.  
No boxing today  missed the class! Ahh. Okay GoodNight twitterville!!!!!!
Jesus I really love you lots I'm also really sorry I swear all the time  I'm attempting to work on it!!! Okay?! Xoxox
@InsidePorn Okay, never mind then.  *Bummertime*
Okay so I think my bff is ignoring me 
Okay..I can not sleep. 
Okay, so twitter suddenly changed, how do I respond to messages now 
Okay I'm seriously bored. I have nothing to do. I can't go out cause it's raining. 
Okay I lied! I meant this time next week! That is sooo much longer!!  I miss my mommy...
Assfuck, &quot;I'm sorry&quot; roll. Okay I gave in.  I'm such a sucker.  http://twitpic.com/677xt
Okay, whats up with twitter,, :/ my laptop is completely broke, and now my computer is acting up   so I dont reckon I will be on for t ...
Okay so I'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. Its hard 
Okay, the man with the hook for a hand is kinda freaking me out right now. 
Okay, this weather isn't &quot;cute sundress&quot; friendly. I dont get how it could be so warm one minute and cold the next. I was freezing 
Okay one of my ears popped so now I know what everything sounds like and everything is reall loud 
Okay i feel really sick now 
Okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers.
@caroldn Okay, no more driving.  I know... I know... you are correct to say that.
Okay i don't like sharing you 
Okay smh @me for thinking denver could pull this off!!!  
Okay, firefox will not open without crashing. This is so annoying and I have no idea how to fix it. 
@oxEmalieexo: Jail.  But not for long! According to his new band's myspace. (: Okay well house arrest isn't the best but not like jail!
Okay kinda jealous.. lots of people have gotten the cupcake update for the g1... still no cupcake here 
Where's the sun?  Okay so today, gonna try to get the trampolin fixed and then going w/ my best friend to an island nearby 
Okay the britt was pretty lame, I guess cause I was the only sober one there!  Gnite my twitterers thnx for tweetin wit me!
Okay I'm away shopping - I need an outfit for tonight :-/ well Ive already bought 2 I've gone off them 
@tommcfly Okay have fun dude! And hurry up over there your english fans are missing you like hell dude! NOT GOOT (N) 
I think later today I will &quot;try&quot; to make a background  for this twitter.  Okay I'm done, back to that stove.  
@randomus_r Okay well I might.  And that's weird it says that. 
Okay damnit I only have one roll of toliet paper left for 3 bathrooms, that's not good  http://myloc.me/25d7
Okay.. i'm about to go to bed.. see yah!.. tomorrow isn't a big day for me.. 
Okay iv spilt starbucks allllll down me it burns 
Okay not as 'awsoommmee' as i thaught i dont know half the people here and the musics laammee 
@SonicThrust Okay dad, I'm sorry 
Okay on my way to work! 
Okay, the rental car is going to cost more than my plane ticket. Doesn't make sense, but you do what you gotta do. 
Okay so I got the cats flea collars. I know they're not ideal but the poor cats are suffering! 
Okay...so the dog is on hold until tomorrow probably...and I still haven't made a decision and it's getting harder and harder. 
Okay, now I need to go find my camera charger. I don't understand why my phone charger wont charge it - IT FITS.  lame.
Okay now there making me feel bad about having to come get it  boo
Okay...what was daddy thinking leaving the pack like that!!! Where is he?  I sad now. I miss daddy. http://yfrog.com/5jfpstj
@HPunster Okay, somewhat relieved, but sorry for your son. 
Okay so no one is here and I'm just flailing to my mum who thinks I'm perverted 
Okay, so I couldn't sleep.  
Okay so like that last tweet was mean  forgive me y'all.
Okay lish telfoney y36ey el callers ena mo'3lag :@ etisalat u suck 
Okay... now heading to the gym.. 
Okay well, I got some cleaning up to do. Afterwards I have to study. Ahh! 
@psalmist_one Okay I seriously didn't realise the bible held such amazing words, I used to be Christian but I kinda lost my faith 
@jamescantbeseen Okay!  Wait.
Okay im gonnar go boredd. byeee/ exam tomorrow *dies* 
Okay, tv time over, housework time begins. yay. 
Okay, so apparently the storm decited to not thunder...that's cool 
Okay I changed it but I can't see it 
Okay here is the picture I've been trying to put as my profile pic but it won't let me   http://twitpic.com/6d6o4
I was playing with my brother's dsi camera and I realised that I have such a man face.  Okay maybe not a man face but it sure isnt dainty.
Okay, so it's so hot outside I'm glad I'm in here! Sun burn though 
Okay, currency conversion doesn't seem to great  http://bit.ly/I4qNf, no calculator either  am I using #bing wrong?
Okay so the thirty min drive to the doctors was so much longer than i though 
Okay, I don't have a day off  my supervisor just called me in.
Okay, mowing the lawn is officially LAME! It makes little pieces fly up and stab your legs! 
...Okay, I'm ready to go home now. I don't wanna be here for 3 more hours. 
Okay, i'm falling asleep on a wet towel. 
Okay, all better! The hyper streak left  Or will it come back? Who knows? 
Okay as long as it stays were it is we will be fine ..... Yay it moved 
Okay did not care for leonardos at all. The rolls were great but the food tasted terrible and everything was way overpriced. 
Okay scratch that. I'm effing BALLING!   Muhhh
Okay, gotta go to bed.  I've stayed up late enough.
Okay im waiting my cousin  cuz i'll lend her my laptop...
@Complexity_ I agree! Tired &amp; dirty? Wow! Okay fine  sigh
Okay, I need to go to sleep now. I have to get up in five hours. 
Okay guys - getting ready to head into the city now - hope traffic's good - I'm going to miss my usual tweeters tonight 
Okay, I am finally heading to bed. I have been so bad lately about going to bed at a normal time. 
Okay, so it didn't get any cooler over night 
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think Im gonna try and and put my stuff donw and go to bed. 
@JoeQuesada Okay. Enough's enough. What's it going to take for us to get our friday cup o' joe again? I'm going through withdrawls. 
Okay I feel bad for not going to the gym.... 
@JBluver4ever95 Okay, it's already past 1pm here. I miss you. 
Okay so my temp is 97.2F at the drm office!!!  Wtf???  Hurry up doc come in to see me!!  I wanna know ifits mono or tonsilitis!!!  
Okay, twitter groups confuse me!  I need to do more investigating to see how I participate in the group...
Okay! Fell asleep dumb early and now I jus woke up and can't go back to sleep  http://myloc.me/2riW
Okay. Wtf. Where is everyone?! 
Okay bar #2 martini #3 wish I had some peeps to hang with 
@Kshattap Haha thanks. Okay naman.. but yoko ung 2 teachers ko 
@leonkay @mkayes Okay, it sounded funny as I was typing....  I just had the misfortune of re-reading... lol
Okay twitter, i will be back soon or later or whenever. Now, i have to study 
Okay I'm doing that thing where I rethink everything and I don't like it 
Okay. It's aLmost raining today.    for once, pray that it gets hot.
Okay when I use &quot;twitteriffic&quot; my outgoing tweets are green and incoming is red. But with twitter.com I don't see any incoming. 
@wwdove17 Okay, now I'm insanely jealous!  Of who, I'm not entirely sure yet. 
Okay... I was almost asleep, in spite of loud obnoxious drunk guys in lobby, and somone knocked on my door thinking it was someone else. 
Okay, so you get to level 30 in #spymaster and it becomes impossible. I don't have enough followers so people just kill me all the time 
Okay totally happy about school being out, but so excited about the early dismissal. There goes my day 
Okay. Two days of rain is enough  i want the pretty sunshine  }?{toni}?{
@grungydan Okay...good to know. 
Okay okay...It never happened 
Okay so this rain needs to stop. I haven't been able to go walking 
Okay.. nerves in my finger, I know you've been traumatized, but can you please stop hurting/throbbing? 
Okay country music makes me relize why I hated staying for the dance party. I never have a partner  http://myloc.me/2KIB
Okay so I take that back. He had to cry himself to sleep for the first time tonight.Not easy as a mom!  But proud of him.Only took 5 mins.
Okay, so on myspace. i have superpoke pets. and i missed hecka items! im sorry cass, i didnt get the habitat 
http://bit.ly/UWQXI  Okay, I guess I should stop looking. I want them all 
Okay so i've changed my mind, Magic is putting horrible thoughts in my head.. It's killing me 
Okay...so i  have NO friends on twitter...how lame 
@DavidGuison Okay, you owe me some KFC brownies now! HOHO!  just eating apples.
Okay got to stop playing with the gadgets...time for work 
Okay I'm failing at decision 
Okay, now I watch the Simpsons while I wait. I'm bored 
Okay, so the major of the 4 hrs I'm supposed to be here will be spent waiting. I don't like sitting for more than 15 min w/o stretching. 
Okay.. fine.. be that way... exams.. just be that way.. i'll pay you back someday.. by burning you!!! MUHAHAHAHA!!!......  freakin exams..
Okay... Windows been reinstalled, now to get all my stuff back on it... 
Okay, now I feel bad. Turns out I got promoted to guild leader of my alts guild two days ago...  And now I'm off WoW for a while. 
@MerleChloe Okay, didn't mean to freak u out! 
@JustJulie Okay, so I'm crying now and going to hug my kitties. I should've closed the screen as soon as I saw the title. 
Okay maybe not...   I will master this though!!!
Okay...I drank too much and it sucks   I want my normal life back!
Okay, be a moob, motherrrrr! 
Okay, now im going to go and do something - unfortunately  i ought to have started work half an hour ago really, ah well - c'est la vie!
Okay now ada selesma!!    i hate exams, makes me sick! reading through the stoooopeeeed bio.
Okay...i'm stuck inside with a nasty sunburn and there is NOTHING to do   why can't I just find a job?
@robincareyyo oh. Haha. Okay. I went 5 months it was hellish. 
Okay assholes, everybody stop talking about all the fun awesome things you are doing today! I am stuck at work 
@AmIReallyATiger no bt it sounds groovy doesn't it... Okay what is a fried oreo...?? 
Okay twitpic is pissing me off. What's going on with it? 
Okay time for bed good night tweets and @jonathanrknight  i am sure you will be on in the early morning but I gotta work 
Okay, where the heck is the summer? I want it back. 
Okay...goodnews i fell alseep durning a movie..bad news..i just woke up  
 Okay now I am getting a bit teary... http://bit.ly/2vFNt
Okay, nevermind with the run.....I'd rather crawl under a rock and die, right now.    my husband wants a divorce.
Okay, either today or 8 days from today will be the last day. asdfghjkl; 
Okay, that was supposed to be  not that thing it turned out to be.
Okay i should really do some homework but I can't convince myself... 
@zuzufalta Okay, so it's a female American author... I can name some, but I give up. 
Okay...have to return this laptop to my dad...and I go back to having no internet 
@FratiGelato Okay I officially love you. Unfortunately I can't come till I get off work at 8 tonight 
Okay @xoxo_jazz u dnt win yet all u need is 1 mo prsn!! 
Okay, Sweeties, i'm off to bed... 
Okay, I have no idea what I did, but my contact list has been erased, and I can't get it synced back on 
Okay so all I wanna do is be lazy when I get home from work today but looks to me like I have too much to do  booooooo...
Okay I found said email but its the wrong account 
Okay... giving up entirely on the shirt for now. I need a swimsuit more than anything but... gah... I hate turquoise 
Okay, we now know that foods high in fat are a no-no unless I want my stomach to turn itself inside out. 
@LisaVine Okay chicken - bummer about the builders 
Okay I give up on the studying. I just can't do it. So hard to concentrate on stuff I barely understand 
Okay it's 5am now. PLEASE can I fall asleep now???? 
Okay.....  we all know I don't look that good... I will change the photo. 
Okay kindle annoyance #1 .. Why not just use a standard MiniUSB instead of this special one, now I need to buy another cable.. 
@logansutch oh! BHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Okay I feel stupid  I've never been virginia :'] I was convinced you were talking about england :']
Okay since that my wrist hurts like hell, bed time 
Okay, not a good sign. 11 weeks of freedom- first day in and I'm a little bit bored. But I don't want to waste this glorious weather! 
Okay.... so I had a little camera bag thing that had money In, I just can't think for the life of me where it is  .....
Okay that is really rude, was on the phone to an agency and they ended my call to take someone else's. 
Okay sniffles went away but still not feeling 100%  gotta suck it up since I can't do shit about or leave home! Grrrr!
Okay so I'm talking to my brother and I'm realizing more and more that my family has falling apart. 2 years of nothing but drama! 
@veropperez I know  @Jonasbrothers Okay now this is just ridiculous boys! Hit the little reply button and say your sorry!
Okay I lost everyone on my buddylist.. Does anyone know how to restore it!? 
Hmm :S Okay, 2.2.1 is still the latest version 
Okay, I take that back, Guthrie's being his normal self...Mets 4 - O's O  looks like its gonna be a long night...
@tigerbrat Okay, let me know everything. Comic buy habit must end then, I think. 
Okay, Rlly bad idea to eat all that food 
Okay I fucks with tweetdeck... Now back to my paper 
Okay - back to being massively bored - this sux 
Okay, 24 469 profile views on a message board is just too much. It scares the shit out of mee 
Okay so sf is off for saturday, I don't have money for it sorry 
Okay, I'm back for a few minutes. Have a headache &amp; waiting for ibuprofin to kick in. 
Okay I graduated and twitterific refused to work during. Update fixed this, but now the moment is gone. 
Okay, so maybe the 4.5 cups of coffee were a bad idea today. Three hours of sleep, here I come. 
Okay, I got enough gas to fill a trucks tank tonight 
Okay gnight all! Just worked 8:30pm-3am. Now going to sleep for I have to work at 10am this morning! Bleh! 
@looby_loo  That makes sense, unless you're like me and have a 7 day week    (Okay 6 1/2)
Okay so thousands of my friends has @Jonasbrothers new album LVATT except me! 
Okay I am going on 2 weeks of pain from my ribs!! How much longer can I go 
Okay, so my classmates/Friends are talking about this swimming thing tomorrow &amp; I'm kinda jealous about it kasi 'di ako makakasama. 
Okay, I'm off to work till 10 pm 
Okay, off to meetings. No twitter until 6 p.m or so 
Okay, so it looks like I will be visiting Cali all by myself 
I feel so exhausted... I'm never staying up until 1 am watching dumb movies with my husband again! Okay, I will - 
@jackbox Okay, but it's time to bring back chili-cheese curly fries now. 
Okay, now I'm in a bad mood. Where did my creativeness go? 
Okay so i bought a scale today.......   
Okay, now I'm concerned for my sister.  Tree down on our road and she's trying to get home.
@minnairukai Okay, then he's always scarying looking  
Okay, now the mosquitoes are attacking...... 
Okay. I realize today that I will miss my beloved wilderness this summer  so sad I must keep on track with my dieting still
Oh... Okay...  lol jk! Can we go do it at somewhere after 4?
Okay, make that furrygirl.com and eroticred.com. @furrygirl, where did your parents go wrong? 
Okay, seriously...why is NO ONE awake at 3 am?!?! lol. were trying to call people, but no one is answering 
Yes, i'm done!! Okay..writing sales brief next 
Okay, for some reason I still can't get the background picture to expand and fill the whole background.  
Okay I am wateing for Misa idk if she will come today.... 
Okay brenda first, and lidia next. Aaaa  I will miss you guys (a lot)
@asianhanna where-ever! Okay I took to long to reply, I'll just wait here till you see this lol. No phone 
Okay. One thing I'm seeing with the meds that I don't like: my uber math skills seem to be partially shot. 
Okay...make note 2self- dont ever buy a house 
Okay, off to bed. Exam in 9 hours time 
Okay I missed my walk yesterday because of a meeting and today I was too hot to leave the house. 
Okay 3rd tweet in less than a half hour cuz some customers from wrok are following me from work 
@wugambina Okay damn them lol ...I had plans to see mine next month but some news I got today pushed it back 
@MasterXell Okay, I hate you. I want to download and install and use digsby now but I'm much too attached to pidgin to let it go 
@adamtherealidol  Okay. I guess. 
Okay all alone again here at Mcdonalds and hearing all types of creepy noises! 
Okay, beginning to realize that playing vball with a messed up shoulder only makes it worse  ouuuuchhhh
@andrewbarnett Okay ... so you made hungry for chips now and it's only 10:35. 
@enjoyyourbunny Okay, I'm going to go cleanse myself now 
Okay, enough fooling around, back to work. 
Okay I'm scared, plz stop thundering 
Okay wtf third time ive had the plane crashing dreeam ugh 
Okay seriously, this toothache has got to stop. Three hours of sleep.. actually looking forward to the root canal tomorrow! 
So my phone randomly doesn't want to tell me the time anymore? Okay. By the way, computer is broken. 
Okay... the barren wasteland that is my office is starting to bug me... I need to decorate 
@stolenrain Okay I will ;) but now I have to get off the computer 
Okay, so sleeping all day was a bust. Not doing anything. 
Okay I would really like a hug right about now 
Okay, I am getting annoyed that twitter is not letting me respond to different tweets. Just all whacky! 
Okay, apparently I can't follow more people or unfollow anyone. IDGI 
Okay soon I'll be heading out and most likely unable to twitter  hanging out with friends tonight so can't have the phone consume me
Okay, not 'sleepy time' , dog is crying downstairs  arg i'm way to tired
Okay supposed to leave at 7:15.  Which is when I was supposed to arrive originally.   I'm going to strangle these girls talking nonstop!
Okay... I sad now.    *sigh*
Okay, so I'm seven years late to the game. But I have one episode left in Firefly.. I almost don't want to watch it. 
Already! Okay 
Okay, Cydia tried to install things.. but instead lost them.   Not in search, not in installed, no where!
Okay I have a confession  today I went to Fridays and have hot wings, cheese sticks, potatoe skin, and little bbq cheese burgers 
Okay no joke I just seen a pregnant crackhead.. She gives her child no hope  saddens me... 
Okay.... I guess I will find out tomorrow, as Ghostbusters is about nine gigs big apparently. 
RE: @newmoonmovie Okay, they're starting to ruin it completely for us all. It's getting too outta hand.   http://disq.us/je3
Still up  not tired at all.. Okay, maybe a little.
Okay didn't go bowling in the end. At home now.  I wanna go out tonight!!!
Okay, my stomach ache is really really bad now. 
#cfunited Okay then, just me I guess. 
Okay, mailproblem seems to be solved. But lost a whole month of mail 
Okay...i hate maine weather 
Okay, can't get my hair done like I wanted to! 
Okay to much geo! i'm going to do math in like ten minutes 
@ddlovato Okay last time,im gonna leave u alone cz u wont reply  http://bit.ly/tvz4o
Okay. I'm starting to get bored..........and hungry...........      
Okay. GuCCi is gOne bye-bye 
@NateLanxon Okay, now that just sucks... 
Okay... @jcxp is down, @Wincustomize is missing a TWiS (so it's like the site's frozen in time), and @Winmatrix is super-slow on replies. 
Okay okay, I'm getting on the interstate to Mntgmry now  got present, air in tire &amp; a present (unforgiven on BluRay)
Okay ppl how do I get rid of this headache? 
@janana182 Okay.... I did it! It was all me...no one else was involved... I took the jar of pickles.. 
Okay, seriously, why is today turning out so terrible?? 
@scottdavis1004. ME TOO! ... Okay just kidding. I don't own a single thing from old navy.  haha.
Okay im home soo wats next, i know i need to eat but plus im lazy right now 
Okay, so i made a chocolate mud cake-type thing right.. and as soon and @charley_bum walks in the door, she starts picking at it!! 
Okay srsly...how sad is this old playlist? ...has a lottt of meaning to it...but only memories to express it.. 
Okay... I now don't have a stickam to go to. 
Okay, I figured out what bus to take in Pomona (I do things even when I'm lazy) but I don't have my bus schedule for that system anymore. 
@rainecsy other browsers also cannot leh.  Okay!
Okay, going to take a nap. Hopefully the twitch will go away 'cause it's been giving me pains in my temple too. 
Okay. I can't sleep.  I guess I'll just do zen cha before yoga, so I can meditate and not sleep~ lol
Okay I admit it I'm shTtered  @georgiobaker
@ODarling Okay will do later.  I'm sure you do miss him sweetie  &lt;big hugs&gt;
Okay,so. I need a jake 
Okay, so they're starting now ish. Button starting  on SIX! 
Okay, maybe it will take another hour. Sorry guys, they want me there 
Okay, have to do my laundry! 
Okay, back to work  x
Okay on focus now: may have found a room to stay. If any of you still have tips let me know, cause I got 1 month to move... 
Okay so the kids and I are hanging out wishing it looked like a sunny day   keep those fingers crossed for wed, thats our hiking day !!!
Okay someone just unsubbed me 
Okay seriously? Period, why are you back so soon? I hate you, body 
Okay my cake is sinking in the middle! Thanks a lot batter. 
@Xenobula Ah Okay. Probably best to just go then, 'cuz it'd take me a while. 
Okay people I couldn't have had a less productive day. It's too hot and humid to do anything, but I am slowly putting on my gym clothes 
@310Dreams @Rickyfriedrice hmm. Okay. But sometimes tough love is more love. Guateva'. 
Okay...I seriously hate this &quot;service engine soon&quot; light 
Okay alarm will be sounding in 6 hours' &amp; @mkste's in about 2.5 so I'd really def honestly better go now as long day tomor 
@TheLastDoctor Okay... sorry, doc  I like you,... don't mean 2 upset ya.
@MCRsavedMilife Okay, i'll try, im sorry because of my bad english  ... If u dont understand it okay, doesnt matter...
Okay I'll say it... I miss corps  #fb
Okay I am force to go to work, yuk. 
@HHVeganos Okay, it's not just me... I had this same problem just a couple of days ago but I thought it got fixed. 
@contactabe Okay aside from that I can't think of anything else 
Okay damn, it's way too hot too be wearing jeans! 
Okay so because i'm on my period and totally screamed at my dog. I think i just lost my summer job. 
@ReaganGomez Okay, that was a funny story...But kinda sad?  LOL 
Okay I'm starting to get hangry but I can't yet 
Okay so, I can't go to sleep ! 
Okay, that last tweet (or two) had really bad timing and I feel bad now. 
@yayKIMO Aww darn  Okay I'll sign that then &amp; I guess I'll just give him the card when/if I see him haha
Okay, going to bed now. Just spend the last hour showering and writing up my feeler for sale ad for my car... I am going to miss it. 
Too much shit days, I dont know what to think anymore  I should just do what I'm best at. Okay, bye.
Okay were gonna start the fashion show at 7 pm. And that's gonna be my nightmare  shyt. I'm so scared.. http://myloc.me/5yLC
Okay, I'm having cellphone issues... No signal  F**K ! ! !
Okay so im officially mad cuz i didnt go see my lovers movie  im hoping tomorrow i can if not ... sigh* i dont know what ill do! &gt;&lt; T2
Okay, for real...where are my keys? I'm getting tired of living in a black hole 
Okay racking my brain trying to figure out what I've done wrong.  
@Kerry_xox Okay just stay calm lolz! I'm off school sick. 
@MrPointyHead Okay lol its just annoying having to watch it bad quality. 
Okay back to work now.. gotta get my numbers right &amp; have about 30 calls to return.. ay ya yay 
Okay so pay day today!!! Even though I have to pay the whole phone bill b/c my dad went crazy yesterday 
Okay the link didn't light up  facebook.com/donnasfineart.
Okay, now this just sucks. A lot. 
Okay, I admit it: I miss how easy texting was on my blackberry. Not the keyboard, but how organized it was. 
Okay, I'm good.  *counts to 10*
@Hedder37 lol. Okay  sounds like a plan.
Okay be safe v (ictoria) 
@latexfetish Okay, your blog is now included on www.bloxxx.net - Would be happy if you include a link back to me - if you want to 
@foodieguide Okay we need to have a competition to see whether you or I have the dodgiest Cantonese. I bet I win 
@oconel Okay but tired - got home late from a fun dinner  Going outside in a bit to go shop and hopefully wake up some more... How's you??
Okay caught up w/ tweets, now to catch up on Castle for some more yummy @nathanfillion 
Okay, now time for coffee. 
Okay, stopped watching the match, came down and put on Last.fm 
Okay, have torn apart my work. Fresh coffee &amp; peanut butter toast then I'll try and put it back together again. Only less crap this time 
@shelbiie Okay 
Okay, fixing to head to the other side of the world for a bday party for my cousin tonight.  Y'all have a good one!  
@envyoftheworld @Prayter  Okay, I take all the prayers I can get 
@sumesh Okay, if I remember. 
@christophermoy Okay chris! haha. whats the most embrassing thing you've done in public? im curious 
Okay... I just woke up!  Haha! Goooood morning!!
Okay enough screwing around.... lots to do, have a great day! 
@Brynnely Okay... I will. I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow, at least. 
Okay... I am outta here!  Finally getting out of the house!  
Okay, I go downstairs  I'm so hungry.. see you soon Twitters..xx
Okay decided on couple episodes from will and grace and the toher boleyn girl. 
Just want to say that my little son is so cute. Okay, now move on. 
is two seconds away from sleeping in class. Okay, gone, slept 
@cpinto Okay.. I went the extra mile and actually did a mockup of one of the things I was talking about.. :p You should be getting it now 
@irish1974 Though - that's not really a smile worthy event.... but the coincidence of it was.  Okay, I'm tired. Ignore me (as usual). 
@compelledtoread Okay, I already checked! 
@theresanoelle Okay, I'll keep a look out for it. 
Okay...now I'm going to bed 
Okay ... off to run wires for speakers, snakes for sound boards, and baseboard for walls. I LOVE renovations .... or not. 
Okay so on ebay.....why do ppl bid like 20 hours before tHe auction ends? I mean it really raises the price for everyone 
Okay I'm out ya'll, tweet laterssss 
Okay watching waterloo road now, i'll stop annoying everyone 
Okay good night all 
Untitled: Okay, flash back time!  Yesterday... Beginning, it was kinda screwed up. I was feeling damn tensed u.. http://tinyurl.com/ckql35
Okay if someone is still up reading this, @reply me or something! I don't care who you are! I'm nice! Pleeeeeeeeeease! 
Okay I'm doneskies, night everyone! 
Okay, kitty has gone to bed before me, that's kind of sad.  I need to go see to my girl   Talk to you all later.
@RockstarAtHeart  Okay... I'm lost.  What is hoppusday?  Seriously, I'm newish at this 
Okay it's getting cold because  of the rain   lol
Okay on my way to work!  and its still raining.
Mmm 5.5 hours, over 100 dollars a night? Okay 
Okay...back out painting i go!  have a great day &amp; thanks for keeping in touch with me. 
Okay, now I'm going out to grill some marshmallows, yummy, 
@jordanknight Okay I'm just going to have to catch up latah... awwww ur such a tease this morning 
@ingridmichelle  Okay... great!  Sorry a lil tired today.. 
@AmandaStratton  Okay it has to be @john_lo then.  I'll wait for him, OR I'll just go through my archives.  I'm trying to avoid that!  
@makonnen Okay, cool.  I'll post it in a tweet for you soon. You have anymore links to songs of them? Or was this the first single/clip?
Okay.  text me.
@jendavis Okay, don't stay away for too long  
@SasaLoves Okay, that story in itself is reason enough to make me want to 1) break it off &amp; 2) break a bone in his body!  #yeahimviolentso
@CaraSkye Okay!  when will that be? hehe...oo i know huh?! lol =P
Okay I'm outie again... for realz this time 
Okay2. After the 50th visit ,I'll get back to my work okay mum. Haha 
Okay so I'm catching up on my picture posting  haha http://twitpic.com/4j805
@angela_lyle Okay, und was ist mit Deinem Auto? 
Okay so yesterday was good went food shopping, cooked some chicken tacos and bakes some cookies!!!  Now I am back at work.
Okay people my fones charged 
Okay now that i will not be able to sleep tonight what should we do 
@eeshkapeesh haha. Okay.  have fun with that. Haha.
Okay, seriously. you're all going to have to forgive me while I gush like a little fangirl for a few tweets 
@HOLLYWOODTONI. Okay kool... I might be touring all summer long but we can make it happen! 
@animeshiredane Okay, as long as you're all right. 
@meghannian {{{HUGS}}} Okay, just making sure! 
@megspptc Okay will work on that too but please remind me again 
Okay so it looks like they either extended the date for kickball another week or I had the date wrong.  I'm going to say it was changed. 
@Garythetwit 803.6  Okay, new addiction... 
Okay, I stop being a sick freak.   I'm sure I'll find a nice little game with kittens and butterflies... 
@ShortyAlice Okay 
@buckbuck01 Okay we'll do it 
@baditz17 @cherrythegreat Yup. Okay sakin 
Okay, this one goes out to @saphire11 who is working the night shift...  ? http://blip.fm/~68vq3
Okay, i'm gonna chill at the ice and enjoy my life. 
@FirstGentleman Okay we can agree on that...to an extent  you said a basic NEED. I don't think it's a &quot;need&quot;...basic WANT, yes...
@ramseyg Okay, I must admit &quot;hot chicks&quot; made me look 
Okay, okay...I'm gonna start folding those clothes now. 
Okay.. I like it so far.  
Okay added u as a friend. 
@strology Somewhere mom can't see. Okay? I want a cross that sort of looks like an ancient sword. U have any? I wanna know- where? 
@shinskydadon Okay...sure...anything for you sweetie just going into the drier...talk to you two later @cotieno 
@McFanpire Okay, give it to the videos for now and then, i'll cheer you up to tidy up your room whilst i'll be studying 
Okay, it's the women and children in the waiting room that puts him off the doctor! And waiting, of course 
Is going to bed. Lols. Okay, going home at least. The birds are awake and so am I 
@grasswren Will get it back from friend before I leave for the army. Okay? 
Okay, i'm really gonna sign off this time. GOODBYEE. 
@FunWithJustin ha! Okay, when I come home from work. 
Six feet under season2. Intense suspense!! Okay, shower time 
@libzluvvfc Lolz Okay...did you get the one for @alex_mauricio fan page? i am working on the fan page for @kaleoden right now 
@TCBallew Okay  'Cause you're coming over.
@cairnmont Okay so then give me some hints.  
Okay so I decided to get the red phone and i'll be getting it saturday  yay
Okay I gave into the twitter world! 
Okay, finishing this shitty chapter in Army of Two and going to bed. I predict 12 hour sleep 
Okay, this one too.  http://bit.ly/rzglO
@technicalfault Okay that sounds pretty darn good! I love sweetcorn. 
@dougwaltman No I mean it should be a giant image map. Okay I can't hold a straight face anymore... 
Okay so I just watched an episode of brave voices &amp; it's something I just might be interested in it.  spoken word will have you reminsce.
@Nurul54 Okay have a nice day then 
Okay, replying to each and every comment on my blog now! I almost forgot there was a reply option! Silly me! 
@oxotic Okay I finally got you on here 
@DavidArchie come back here. ;;) pls, pls.  ) ;) Philippines loves you very much! :-&quot; ) Okay, it`s boring already, ARCHUWEEK is over.
Okay, I best get my head down with some work now. I'll be back on in a bit 
Okay back to normal again 
Okay i just made that account for fun. I had no idea why. I still prefer my old one! 
@scenehippie Okay baby.&lt;3 you better!!! text meeeee handsomeee. 
@steph_davies BUT. Okay no buts. ) I'll wait. 
http://www.freerice.com/index.php If you go to this website you will feel guilty if you don't at least give 10 grains of rice. Okay? 
Okay, I have second best to yogurt - crumpets. But I still have FOTC 
..Okay lets start the good old #followfriday 's 
Okay, i'm now awake, out of the house and coherent... So morning all 
@ladybug8320 Okay then, I think I'll forgive you 
Okay I really need some breakfast 
Okay, so it didn't work out - yet. But I've not given up hope! Resting before a full working weekend. I love my job 
@MYNTMag Okay no more crying. I'm okay now I think. I walked into the house crying and my poor dad was frantic loool made me a cup of tea 
@NickyR1975 Okay, thanks for the info 
Okay so what's on my agenda tomorrow? :] I have practice at church :] I'll try to log in  I have a busy schedule, you know? LOL )
@aswedriveawayy its preshredded  hahahahahaha. Okay...craving the cheese now. 
Okay, i am now in the car on my way to school, tlk to ya laters.   
Okay, its starting, maybe i should start listening? Nah! 
@nits @talrasha2007 @Mariuca Okay gonna have dinner now. C is calling! BBL! 
Okay finished the work for today, now eating something. 
@brittanystreet Hmph.  Okay...just keep tweeting.    All weekend.
@GrosenFriis Okay - sounds great!  It might be useful for an international project I'm working on.
Okay,so who's fireing up the grill this weekend? (can a brotha get a plate?) LOL!  
@ofork Shell rocks, and makes more sense than perl!! Okay, app spawning is evil 
@janovum Okay, I'm admittedly jealous.   I'll look forward to seeing your review of the MiFi.
@Awdio Okay, thanks for the prompt response. Here's hoping 
@philo_student Okay, just making sure 
Okay... I've got to get to bed.  I'm being silly.  
@SherriEShepherd Okay - guess u r working on your new show! Sometime when u can give a shoutout to your tweeter friends 
@erintrep Okay, i know you are mourning their loss but it is kind of funny that you dropped your sunglasses in a canyon. 
Okay den A town..OOOWWWW.. 
@jmarie7481 No! You can't blame me. I saw the sale yesterday but was too nice to tell you. Okay actually I was going to tell you tonight! 
@DaisyWhitney hahaha. Okay. Well, I'd better listen to him. 
@essyfan Okay, I got it following pathlocks now too. 
Okay enough for twitter for me today. I'm going to bed. goodnight!  &lt;3
Okay...I'm done - off my soap box for now 
Okay present wrapping done time for bed!!! 
Okay cool 
Okay I think I'm on Cali time now  as it should be
@crusaderz4life Okay I'll find him and give him a NUDGE 
Okay I'm not off for a walk. Yet. Morrisons opens at 8 - I'll go there 
Okay..... ready? I think this has been long enough....... 
@GreatHairGuy Okay! Norwegians love salmon you know!  #hhrs #tcot #hcb
