Most common words for this cluster:
[('omg', 1174), ('today', 52), ('na', 51), ('i', 51), ('im', 47), ('day', 47), ('lol', 46), ('u', 44), ('time', 38), ('quot', 35), ('school', 32), ('work', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'OMG', 0.9999538660049438), (u'OMFG', 0.59458988904953), (u'LOL', 0.5827327966690063), (u'HAHAHAHAHAHA', 0.57768315076828), (u'txt_msgs', 0.5712953209877014), (u'HATE_YOU', 0.5674372911453247), (u'featuring_will.i.am.', 0.5639126896858215), (u'HaHaHa', 0.5637186765670776), (u'AubreyODay', 0.5628961324691772), (u'F_*_CKING', 0.5542805194854736)]





@schnicklefritz OMG! I have the same problem! I lent it to someone and they never gave it back!!! 
god pls... 'm tryna be a good gal... u noe it best.... i dun n dun n dun wana be in deep shit... help me out here....  OMG...
OMG.  The process of buying a house is mind numbing. 
@NKCoverGrrl  OMG! that sucks! i'm sorry to hear that! good luck finding another job! 
@PhillyD OMG you are starting to be my magazines, i haven't seen your vids for about a month  i'm too busy now!
OMG  the saddest thing just happened! so most people might think its realy wierd but i think its soooooo sweet! anyone that knows me.....
OMG. It is official! After much denial and struggle, I am sick. 
@madinalake OMG i didnt realize it was you in fear factor!! *shame on me* 
@petewentz OMG i wish i would have been at the venue   ive been online waiting for your tweets about the show. didnt want to stand in line
@Woth2982 OMG i so dont like that group pic lol or at least me in that feckin pic .bah 
OMG What is going on with my YANKEES  21-4 
@natneagle OMG I for got about this  I love twitter because every thing is live.. I get to twitter with all the awesome gurus like you and
OMG,I now know what the #readathon is about,i had NO idea abt this event...i wish i cud have known earlier &amp; participated! 
OMG try taking three hungry teens to a grocery store when you're low on food--or don't! Smart people apparently know not to do this.  
hannah montana movie make me cry!! it was awesome even my mom enjoy it!!! OMG what im gonna do without hannah montana 
OMG one hour limit   life is so unfair
@GarethPrice OMG no i would defo switch radio 1 off for good  lol
OMG not another 30mins!!! I can't cope, need some tweets from the boys 
www.digitalfm.hu is almost done...let's learn something for the uni.. OMG 
OMG yesterday was Velocerapter awareness day!!!! I cant belive i missed it :O 
OMG! I so feel ya there! This stinks! @agwennap To me, spring doesn't mean 50's and raining.  less than a minute ago from
@S4BodyJewelry OMG you guys have nice shit...I am soooo getting some stuff from you &lt;3 And I wish I could see the concert...its expensive 
just woke up. OMG soo sick still. aww 
is getting ready to go back to school  ! had a nice jog this morning, woke me up.. and OMG if you seek amy is on the radio !!!  
OMG i am tired of this. It is 5:30am and i cant sleep 
@cheenixin OMG I'm not green. 
OMG my dog just attacked the baby possum  we think its ok but not positive.... -fingers crossed-
OMG, just realized I have missed my locking dance class this afternoon!! 
OMG has just smashed my tall mirror, how many years bad luck is that???? does anyone know.  
OMG, what a crap day, its raining 
17hours til i hve to wke up 4 skwl i think i mite cry :'(! OMG i gt a reply frm my sister hvent sn he since february 
OMG it is soo hot today, FINALLY! but im ill!  Bummer i know
@NotScubaSteve OMG that must have been really nasty 
I went on a whole day without Twittering!!  OMG
Last first day back ever. OMG this is ruuuubbish!  hold me.
@Mercedeslv OMG, that just breaks my heart. 
@maxxehhh OMG! I wanna watch that naaaa  Haha )
OMG! i dont know him 
OMG i'm actually doing tech support at 1:13am.    Does it ever end?
john mayer twitters alot! Lol OMG im so knackrered 
i think i'm confused and worried - need a strong coffee and a smoke! will venture back to twitterverse later - is it all my fault? OMG 
OMG! the vulture's an endangered species in india! 99.9% are gone! india's lost 74million in last 10 yrs 
OMG: egg mcmuffin......sounds SO fuckin good right now lol...good night twiggas...looks like today will be another cruel n unusual day 
@KaraMae_xO uah! what's that?? OMG - seems like I'm coming down under waayyyyyy too late 
OMG how am I up at 5 am?! I can't go back to sleep 
OMG a huge scary dragonfly is on my desk...*freakin out* 
OMG she does have my cards 
OMG my headache killing me 
OMG! last night i stayed up till 4 and now i am sooo tired! 
OMG! that was so unexpected! 
OMG today's the day hahah but not here  buuh1
OMG! I do a 130-930 today. which means I'm going to miss the game  I hope my girl @janae24 will be on later....
OMG now I cant sleep! Wts  
@brightondoll I know  it really is! worst part, I thought I'd found one of those rare guys, and then he ran off  OMG, I know, right? D:
OMG my twitter is bein silly   
@bedour LOL OMG for a second I thought you were talking about a student ;s 7araaaamm beebisss  3a6ohum meds?
@Rakkert OMG yesh, i will text you on my way there because i will be lonely 
OMG was banned again  which aint good  so you all miss me?
@purplecrayon957 yeah u told mee.  OMG!! haha
OMG. I can't figure out how to work twitter on mymobile. how sad 
@mileycyrus OMG!!!! your barzilian fans love you too dear! is soooooo hard have you so far 
@AliCioper OMG I wanna watch it sooo bad!! i've seen the preview in theaters twice now. teared up each time!! 
OMG!! one guy just told me the worst things i've ever heard!! he was so rude and so mean!! he realy made me feel bad!! 
@ejcanita OMG! you are violating me! 
OMG. isaw zoes poisonsed trees and bushes  poor trees adn bushes. dead 
@SpiderDavey  OMG who would believe that!!! O.o there too big!!! and there not gonna support when there still recording 
OMG is my front garden a mess...hardly made a dent and been out there all morning 
OMG its raining here and my back is in agony  i need meds but hate hate hate taking them  ugh
The pressure on my brain is horrendise! I feel like my head is about to split at any moment. OMG this pain is intense. I want it to stop 
OMG pooor brit brit!!! that video of the creep on stage was scary 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4vv13 - OMG so cute!! I had one a long time ago... 
No greetings when i got up till i left for work  oh well they might think i'm their sis?? OMG!
im just sOoO bOored  mmm..!!! OMG..!! i think ii loOve u..!! XD
OMG my itunes were sooo F*ed up took me hourssss! and my TV shows are all gone wtf? 
OMG! my bf is going to stay in malaysia 4 another month...  sum1 plz comfort me
@fakerpattz OMG, that's so sad! 
OMG twitter removed some of the peeps i was following thats super gay!  ill get yall back just hit me up .
@henny_ OMG, i miss highschoolmusical land too!  we gotta go there again ! &lt;3
OMG, I just found out summer classes start this week... thought I had another week, wanna break down and cry 
OMG tis 11 why am i up sooo early  gonna draw instead xD
@Galiiit omg i know aye. im like OMG i want but.. wont ever get 
OMG it now looks like it's going rain! After all my efforts I still don't think I'll get my picnic 
OMG im so sad because i just found out i can go see metro station in london and now i cant get the tickets i want 
OMG i wana see star trek so bad!!!! 
@mileycyrus OMG! so like i forgot it was mothers day yesterday and i didnt get her anything i woke up to late  for breakfast in bed!!! 
OMG @whitefolkz just had me download one of the best samples i've ever heard an it aint for me..smh  oh im getting on the song tho i bet
OMG i aint watching blown @lyriciss do they replay it again 
@Missfunsize OMG you have to be kidding, WTF, how can they run out of caps and gowns, ughhhhhhhh 
OMG dis is a $500 phone sumtns gotta give 
OMG! my #twit pic and my #bubble tweet wont work, 
OMG...its like im only talkin 2 myself this is weird twitters havin a problem i cant see any1's tweets 
OMG I hate when you leave your TV on and you wake up to a really scary movie  zombies gtfo
@DavidArchie OMG. too bad, haven't watched that. it makes me sad knowing i cant go to your concert. 
@rachelharmer OMG i had that two weeks ago, i hope you get better 
@MissKatiePrice OMG !!!!!!!! Wots happened between u n peter u cnt break up  ur so good together 
OMG work meetings across 3 times zone GRRRRRRR....... 
OMG @dannywood his comment about his b'day &amp; his mom not baking his cake has got me in floods.. I miss my daddy... 
OMG! I must be the worst sister ever! 
OMG I just wrecked my car 
morning! OMG, it's already 10plus, I must be very tired 
@tataapink OMG, TO CHORANDOOO ! 
Just watched k-12. OMG those freakn teams are good. SUCH a good show. I'm jealous... I want to dance so bad. 
@operian OMG! I cant believe this.  :o  
just finished with gwar and cattle decapitation OMG the pleasure. what a good bday for me just wish someone special was with tme though 
@estariray stariroo! OMG ngayon ko lang nakita ang iyong tweet sakin! I wasn't able to be there, kala kasi namin ubos na passes. 
@steph_davies OMG steph. you guys are so luckyyy. :| 6 times?  that is so better than watching the concert. )
@A1mz OMG how come 
@rnfjonasstack OMG ok so i didnt know that and now im all 
OMG! I just don't want to teach anymore! It's very tough 
@Eshcii OMG that's everyday for me 
OMG!!! It's going to be sooooo hot this week!!!! 
OMG! this game is so annoying, but so addicting. 
@duranla http://twitpic.com/5df1z - OMG, i wish i could go.. but i'm kinda far away from it.. so.. 
OMG WTF earthquaake. 
OMG end of year 
@codyogden OMG you poor thing....I cant even imagine....I hope you get it fixed soon 
@AndeeAnchovee OMG I just went to her blog... And I'm shocked to read that, do u think she has really ended her life? 
@hugbubble OMG I hate it when that happens 
@chelsea_playboy OMG do et! wait no... dont... cos then no more musics 
OMG kieron no  you've let me down
@GiaStone OMG are they doing that again this year???? i went alone last year  my friends wouldnt go with me//  oh yeah no straw for me
OMG,....uRgh..3 weeks to go..... 
OMG!! There is sooo much rain 
aparently my phone isnt uploading all the tweets ive been doing! OMG!  im going to my provider and punching everyone in the face yay!
OMG I remembered what happened nung sa prom.  haha.
night night OMG i didnt even get to see the end of supernatural 
OMG...I'm in hell...it's so hot in romeeeee 
@cabochon OMG I need it but it's on heather grey.  I hate heather grey.
Dissertation handed in! OMG! I want it back! 
OMG! I can't recite too much on my big test!! 
OMG my allergies are terrible.  I've been offline for 2 days!
OMG really!!  I will be 31 this week and I have a massive pimple.  What's up with that?  I feel like I'm in high school again. 
OMG so unmotivated today...just wanna go back to beddddd.... 
@laienne hgskfhkfhk!!! OMG, you look gorgeous in that piratey outfit!    Also, I am so jealous of your pancakes 
@rockstarcordova OMG glad to hear you're doing better. hard to picture u in sucha  shitty position  life is random
OMG just woke up from crazy nightmares n now I can't get back to sleep 
@NeonCupcake_X  OMG Pichu died! y didnt u tell me lastnight  OMG havent twitterd in days!
OMG i feel so ill  and no its not a hangover!
OMG i feel so embarassed, i just helped someone check his test scores online and the website read &quot;You scored 26%, sorry you failed&quot; 
OMG today is going to be a loooong day! I am soooo sleepy 
OMG! charmed......is on tv, but in czech, oh fuck it. 
OMG owl city is in montana right now? I wonder if adam young knows i am only a few hundred km north of him.... How i wish i could see him 
OMG! i haven't tweet for this day 
OMG !! i miss him so much  .
@davidryancarr.  OMG, this is terrible news! This means you are all together without me 
OMG OMG, I cant believe the lakers lost by two points last night, right after I got my makeover, damn 
OMG I had a dream I could do the splits PERFECT! It was crazy!! lol but just a dream 
OMG i have an eyelash in my eye and i cant get it out.  haha
@amelia_heinle OMG YAY! But you never responded to my emails! 
OMG!!! 100 updates last update!!! i didnt do a special 100 update thingy for it!!!! 
OMG the bi directional sound in the song I was listening to made me dizzy. 
@wmhsrebelmom OMG...that is not good news!!! 
OMG.............I think chipz deleted hiz account 
@DJSoundwave805 OMG! is she ok now hun? awww man I know how you feel trust me!I hope she gets better  please let me know how she's doing
OMG!!! i hate my laptop it not working properly  I&lt;3MADDHOUSE=]
OMG i was at tiffanys and tripped over an uneven brick and cut open my knee and the back of my toe!!  I'm in so much pain!
OMG I think my turtle is dying and I dont know what to do......... 
OMG one more week n it's summer wooooo!! but then again boooo 
OMG cant beleive that i cannot use this thing   Guys, how do i c your pictures ?
@OGBERRY OMG.. but i bought my ticket so please dont cancell it ! 
OMG-ness it's 11:18 pm and I need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8am, wish I said 9am. I'm beat. 
OMG sore shoulder 
@theerealfdhc OMG, my regards to ur nephew. I'm sorry for ur loss 
@TaylorKarney Ugh, did you just say your friend might have swine flu? OMG, why? 
@RetroRewind OMG and you have to do this when I'm at work and can't listen 
@PETAEurope OMG!! that is tragic! 
I gotta do my assignments tomorrow  OMG mackillop has swine
@RainbowAnne OMG what posts were deleted? So annoyed I can't go on forum at work! 
OMG...the heater in my room has been on all day while i was at school &amp; now it's boiling 
translating my topic &quot;quadratic congruences&quot; for my tutorial in elementary number theory  I have to do this tutorial OMG
OMG i just realised while listening to &quot;perfect story&quot; penny liked dr horrible!!! damn you captain hammer!  omg im so sad now!
OMG !! hollyoaks well dramatic  !!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG somethings spooky on twitter 
OMG..5 days till 1st state exam! 
OMG i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws
@megbc OMG!!!!! 17???? wow. I'm the old one... 
@TheKellanLutz OMG i want to go too!  hahaha
@momlogic OMG....that is soooo sad.  
I dont believe in my eyes or should I say on my browser? OMG OMG OMG 
OMG my followers is go 
OMG loved naval and family! Y are all the hot guys gay 
OMG mat and i just raced to see who would pee the fastest... i lost 
OMG. I haven't had hiccups in years! I totally forgot what it feels like 
@yanksfan24 how did it happen? And OMG who are they putting in? I have little faith in the bullpen 
OMG after cast party and I can actually come :-D OMG first party ever  how sad
!!!!!!!!!! OMG!!!!!!! I lost all of my photage and stuff for the new video that was coming out monday... sorry guys looks like no new vid 
OMG!! I just shaved my dog bald!     poor thing is so embarrassed!
OMG, i think I've reached a point where my tolerance level is so high that i can't get drunk anymore. how sad  well @ least i'm a medical
OMG, there is no e-ticket for kitchener (charles st) and they still let me buy the ticket??? 
@cashew_nutt OMG you have so not finished lol. i wish i was finished! i still have heaps to do 
OMG @idflyfan55 fell asleep, while I was talking to her!  sad moment in my life..
@ianlaird OMG.. i just noticed all my followers are robots.. 
@LynziLoo LOL show them I think would work better. OMG I always get images of her mooning us in my head  she scares me! haha
:S driving past cemetery and OMG; I swear I just saw this thing standing on top of the grave,  but I cud see through it!!!!!!!
im so tiredd. OMG I have to get a ultra sound 
OMG its gooooorgeous outside again. this is why i HATE working weekends  xx
OMG today in the mid of a shopping centre, i slidded down a hill from like a really small banana peel or sumthing n i got laughed at 
OMG going to googa tomorrow... miss you 
OMG OMG OMG OMG! I have to pack! I have 2 hours! I have to pee tooooooo.... 
OMG it is sooo hot! I am literally meltin 
OMG i gained 3 kgs in one week. Calories overload and no exercise is sooooo NOT right!!! 
OMG, just noticed some spelling errors in previous tweets. How utterly embarrassing 
OMG.. u changed ur shit.. that's cool... word @ 80.. wish mines was that hot.. my fish dying cuz It's not room temp.. hiswater got cold 
OMG i should of got that sexy bag 
OMG! I dnt wanna leave  I had soooooooo much fun last nite @ port chck in
OMG! I dnt wanna leave  I had soooooooo much fun last nite @ airport check in... It's crazy!
 wish i could go out buh gota stay in to do revision. its well hott ere OMG were finally aving our british summer we was promised haha x
@therealpickler OMG me 2!!! and the virus i have have made me hurt my neck   i hope u get better 
OMG I'm only just starting work oh poor me 
@andrewfarr WTF??  what's going on? OMG! what type of whale are they? 
OMG! i just found out my friend got cheated on!!!!! 
@HannaHassan OMG are you serious you're going out with hanna tmrw?  wish i could be there!
@yourimpact OMG, I can't imagine. Lots of PTs to the family, as well as the whole community. 
@james_a_michael OMG! I thought I wouldn't make it through the day!  hahaha but umm glad to see that you are back !
OMG twitter  can y'all see my photo??? cause i can't 
OMG I totally just dropped a glass centerpiece in walmart and ran  it was an accident!!! Lol
OMG I can't belive that bloke with the high pitch voice when out of Britions got talent last night! I don't know who i want to win now. 
One of my friends promised to call me in the evening but didn't call..OMG I have to get angry with him now...I hate careless people  
@kicks_city http://twitpic.com/69rj2 - OMG I hope nobody twitpics me!!!  LOL!
OMG my mouth hurts!  I need more food, more drugs, and more sleep...
OMG i wanna scream!!!!!! i was doing just fine..not @ wrk..i'm not gonna do it *emotional walls* i'm so dag on fragile 
hw time!! gonna trun off the cell OMG! &amp; my computerrr   i really need to get this woork done grrr &gt;
OMG I am hungy now... I should not have Skipped lunch   should listen to ----&gt; @rjw8888
OMG I got 5 more hours til I get off work... 
OMG, there were like nine fucking flies and a wasp in my house!! 
OMG.. someone help me.. why won't my main picture change   WTF!!??!!
OMG way to go a ruine a take that song  !!
OMG way to go and kill a take that song !! 
@amiemccarron OMG!! Lol...only not so funny, right? 
OMG! my throat is now all, like, like numb!!! my mom sprayed some stuff in my mouth. it was green..... 
OMG! I missed my 2000th update  
@AsyaMonet OMG  im sorry i hope everyones ok
OMG I skinned my knee! I forgot how much it hurts...no wonder kids cry!!! and i spilled my wine. 
OMG I am so upset 
OMG does anyone no some magical way to cure urself from bein sick Lol  no medicine is workin
 OMG OMG!!! I went outside for a quicke sec to move something and a huge flash of lightening struck right in front of me.now im scared .
OMG took me forever to fall asleep.. just.can't.do.early.nights 
OMG jay leno!  i never liked him but.. still...
crying,crying and crying! feel soo disappointed. OMG.. what the swelling eyes!! 
OMG..... my course schedule for next year sucks..... too many gaps, and no dorm....  oh well...
OMG!  I'm getting my laptop tomorrow!!!  YAY! But I have a test the next day. 
@atraz OMG they hung out today? I'm jelous but no I was at work 
OMG  i just said a bad word woops 
OMG I ate at a restaurant and they gave me semi-cooked grilled chicken tenders. 
OMG, I think I just died. http://bit.ly/L3itC   I want a hedgehog 
OMG this movie is gonna make me cry 
OMG my back  hurts sooo bad!!!!!!!!!! ugh!!!!!! 
OMG my friend is trhieim up like xraxu  this is bass but she's laigiinb
@Tatiiz89 OMG for reallllllllllll wtffff . we qhostin in this biecth too lol it sucks  we have no phone!
@ddlovato OMG! I saw that movie. I know what it is like to miss a really good, true friend...  it is is a sad moment...
 OMG! i hear everyone snoring,but i cant sleep.
OMG i am so hungover (four days drinking) not good when you have rehearsals 12-6. Might have to go to hospital with siobhan! A&amp;E! 
OMG!! third world madness. i'm mcdo timog ussing free wifi coz it's brownout at home 
@alyze I KNOW!!! OMG OMG OMG!!! I hope poor Robin will feel better though... 
work loads ..!! OMG .. it never stops .. in office . working my butt off even on sunday  ..
@jacquiinewland OMG I havent thrown up soo much in my life! I'm embarrassed at how loud and stupid I was!!! 
OMG!!!!  7 day's and counting, this time next week i be bloody 40th!!!!  ARRRRRRRR 
OMG merlin is ova now  now i have to wait till next sunday
OMG my hard disc is fullllllllll 
OMG...im sooo sunburnt. . .just had a shower and it was soo unbelievably sore 
@franniiee_xx OMG you like ghibli films LOL have you watched grave of the fireflies  that made me cry so much
@EvieEvEv OMG I used to have that on my ipod, but then it goe deleted because the download waslike gay 
OMG! What an awful dream. 
OMG!!!!! i wanna talk to her, but dont have the guts to do it 
OMG dozed off for a few sec earlier and I think I got whiplash in my neck now from my head falling back! Ouch!  I hate mornings!!!!
OMG, I'm still sleepy and don't want 2 wake up 
@willie_day26 OMG ii was at the concert last nite and ii had brought yu the biggest bag m&amp;ms(peanuts)&amp;&amp;ii couldnt even give them to yu 
@sebbity @chelske OMG there is a peggle app!!! $6 but boo 
OMG i have nuffin to do  this is not good
http://twitpic.com/6cc0t - OMG! I don't have the time to read all these! 
OMG just had a 3 legged spider crawling on me  killed it then saw another one! help me my house has been infested be spiders.
OMG i had broken my  feet nail again  :O I hate this 
OMG school tomorrow, a week isnt enough and it goes so fast 
@whitnva123 OMG i'll be waiting for the details 
@m2kurim OMG, im so sorry for you  let it rest in peace.
@gymfan66 http://twitpic.com/6cph6 - OMG!! wooow i wanna goo to a show like that!!! 
@bigred2381 she will play tomorrow. And here is 5am ????? OMG 
OMG im boredddd! i wana go back to the studio... ! 
where should I eat?? OMG. idk where 
@yellowduckx oh i'm sorry  OMG the book i'm reading is about killing pigs too!
OMG will I never be done reading? This could be a long semester... 
OMG! I'm tired to be in my house, I feel so bad, i'm ill  I miss my friends and I can't go out of my house, I want to be free 
OMG eqao tomorrow  im so nervous ahhh I'm stressed!
OMG I spending my last weekend w/ koko for 2 months ahhhhh 
@stephaniepratt OMG u were so pissed heidi did not choose you as the bride maid, she should have chose you! 
OMG I'm so tired!!! 10pm is taking so long to get here 
OMG- just wike up for no good reason! damn it i'm gonna be so tierd at work tomorow... 
OMG sunny-nights closed?? 
@tickledpink1994 OMG. I forgot that we have a French test tomorrow. 
@jojoballz OMG! some drinks? xD im studying microeconomic 
@therealjohnnie OMG!!! so i was trying to get my pic up but wont upload right  !#$
@D__house OMG same here - ugh, back to school, and back to work, andespaceillay back to homework and studying! 
@chiah OMG I missed you! I must have walked past the google booth like 10 times 
OMG @8ball_ thinks i'm not gonna get cured from this flu/cough. 
gm! no school 4 me today as i woke up with an acking back  Just saw the new moon trailer! I can say nothing except OMG lol amazingg!!
OMG, tomorrow will be the bad day, EVER! for me 
air in. OMG, it's like my idea of perfection, it's SO nice!  It's too sunny to revise 
twilight trailer is OMG! btw... can't wait any longer 
OMG it's early!!!! I really wanna climb back under the covers and sleep another hour or so.  waaaaaa!
@billyraycyrus OMG! :O that means no more hannahh  i hope there'll be a season 4!
OMG drama 3 days again !! i'm bussy to memorize the script 
what!!! stupid clouds kidnapped the sun  its still supper hot tho OMG am dying haha going to get some lunch
@Sydeney OMG. I wonder what happened to the plane! 
OMG!! It's damn HOT. How to work la, like this... A shower is no help at all....  #fb
@portialake OMG!!! that's terrible! 
OMG the doctor sucked my blood! 
OMG... reasonable doubt is broken. will be purchasing yet another for the 15th time today! 
@humananddancer OMG SRSLY!!!!! that just made me SO happy. i was in such a blah mood today so far  haha
OMG i just saw a mosquito the size of wasp in my office  maybe his size will make it easier for me to defend myself?
OMG it really is far too hot to be cycling anywhere 
&quot;OMG I hate doctors who do abortions since all life is precious therefore I will kill the doctor.&quot; And this is a majority of the country. 
OMG noooo leah  u put that pic of us singing 'checkin' it out' on facebook :O eeeeek *hides*
OMG its tooo quiet...someone say something... 
I am done with my report, Z are you done with work! OMG 
OMG what a panic got back to find  pond half empty ...well down by 2 foot thats a lot of water flowing through the over stocked garage 
My phone is dying... OMG what am I gonna do? lOl but its not funny 
OMG today is the last regular day at school! Its so sad! 
OMG they closed mickey d's  were imma get my mochas from!!
OMG, did anyone see the finale of the hills last night???  I MISSED IT!
OMG!! i need to get 3 shots before i can get my official class schedule  freakin' sucks man!!
You are telling me??? OMG I feel like im going 2 die 
OMG just missed my piano lesson today!! i have to go i feel sick 
OMG last night i could not sleep,all because a nightmare 
@tashatwine OMG he looks mighty fine in it  i can't wait until its outtt!!! its like 6 months though  haha
@kpupillo OMG - poor little thing! I hope she feels better. I'm sure she's pretty bummer out 
OMG, going to spain next week ... @maarTlovato come home with me... i need you... say goodbye b4 u leave 2morrow 
OMG im totally a wreck today  not doing anything but thinking about my sunflower
@moonfrye OMG...I did n have cried ova the fact...i luv them 2 death but sometimes i swear they were gyyped w/ havin me az a mom 
A Huge game exclusive for this year was missing  and facebook+twitter.... well, not really interesting for me. But still OMG! #XboxE3
@johnremus OMG! it's all messed up  i'm gonna cry LOL
Just realized that I havn't tweeted in a few days OMG :o  I got sun burnt yesterday  lolz
OMG I hate finals, have to write an essay for tomorrow, biology  !
OMG. I'm so bored with nothing to do here at home. 
@ska4me OMG!! im so sorry  did she pass or did you have to put her down? hugs to you and your fam!! losing a pet is devastating
@fountain1987 OMG u left hollyoaks nearly now  .. aww i think that hannah and justin are cute haha ,,
OMG OMG OMG OMG!!! I'm plurking from MSN!  so cool!! but not I need to turn it off now  http://plurk.com/p/xq6mn
@igortizz OMG! no thats not good @ alll !  ~ how do u know that?!?
@RubyRose1 OMG  this is bad,I have two boys,this is heartbreaking to see.
@TheRealNobody OMG u making me feel so bad...I was just turning my device updates off..I dont even wanna tweet anymore now.. 
@christinaaxidol OMG ya!!!!!!!! its on rite now! but u missed a lot! 
OMG I just found something that I want soooooo much, but I would never qualify for. It saddens me. 
OMG i just waster lyk 10 minutes or more researching and buying a damn vaccum  ~ its like my dad can't figure it out or something~
@tahirahhairston OMG, i loooove that movie 
OMG guys im so sorry he was such a sweet soul 
@CarlaNesta OMG, I loooooove that fucking movie!!! It always leaves me feeling like my life is un-romantic though 
OMG someone just hit a deer outfront of my house. the cops are here and everything! so sad, poor thing 
OMG they ripped all the labels off of my shampoo!!!! 
OMG. I just got bit by a mosquito. 
@patrice0x0x OMG i know its depressing even the ads are depressing me 
OMG. my stupid twitter pic wont show up. 
OMG.. It was so hard to get  up this morning... I hate early lessons 
@katemyoung OMG honey - hugssssss xoxox i hope ur ok. that is devastating news 
OMG.. I hate stepping into a shit hole..    
OMG, I overslept by 1.5 hours! Eeeeemagine 
&quot;bring my body to my father!!&quot; T.T OMG he's back! he's back; cedric has been killed!  &quot;
OMG uni assignments suck they take up so much time 
@like_clockwork OMG you are the queen right!? i dont have etrials!  so i'm testing myself at sgdriving.com
@JennyJS yes im there just read the link... was trying to ask how it happened but googled it.. OMG!!  
OMG so sick, think I got the swine flu 
OMG! I just broke my laptop WTF! 
Business English final went great, now it's for the dreaded resistance final! 3 questions, 25, 25 and 50. OMG. 
http://bit.ly/kBV9j  .........OMG!...sooo excited..too bad its not yet available here. 
OMG...addicted to twitter...i knew this would happen 
OMG gonna take 20 years for me to get my M.R.I scan 
OMG i'm so happy, not not not i'm sad, yes i'm sad 
OMG, I don't think I got but like 4 hr. of sleep or something like that &amp; I've got a ton a work to do this mornin, this sucks. 
@smogin I know  and OMG have you seen the new twilight trailer?
OMG my hay fever is awful this year 
@hOnEyXbEe OMG look at all the star paper!! i still havent found them out here 
@OneNGardner OMG I totally forgot I preordered and now have to wait til I get home to listen! 
OMG, I quit today.  
OMG talent show in school got put with fucking freaks 
OMG leaving my home town 2moro everytime i think about i start crying   going 2 miss ev1 soooo much xxxx  
@CorkyBallas OMG 
@SiSSyGrl OMG she just ate the mystery meat out of the bun  Now I have to find her something else. haha. &quot;no bread, mommy!&quot;
@riandawson OMG!!! me and my friends say that literally every single day. now it just ruined it cuhz it doesnt exist. 
at school now! starring at him, wants to know him better! OMG, don't let me feel this way! 
OMG, realization just hit that finals are really here, and I've barely made an effort 
OMG, i'm starving!  I could eat anything right now. YES, i mean, ANYTHING!
@tommcfly OMG guys you're leaving :/ i guess i'm gonna cry  hope you come back as soon as you can..missing you already :/ love you all &lt;3
i have no life  *cries* ( not really crying but OMG it's soo trueee. )
TWITTER!!! OMG I have been gone for 2 whole days. I miss you guys** Whats been going on?? I am kinda tired though so I might be out soon 
OMG i got up at 6:15am and went for a jog when i got back i felt soo sick so i didnt go to school or work 
OMG....does anyone have an easy fix for charlie horses???....my morning runs are catching up to me 
And today is suppoed to be my test day.. OMG.  I better get breakfast and lunch today.
I just can't wait to change my twitter background. wait, am I on twitter again? OMG! its close to 3am!! I should work on my report! 
OMG I have to get a whooping cough booster shot... :'( I hate needles! 
OMG jus found out one of my friends since middle school died in a car accident. im so sad right now 
@raestipated OMG, rae.. curtain was epic ;D sorry you missed out, ey  and no, you didnt miss decision time just ms stuart saying stuff etc
OMG y is the bb site still going to the holding page   is it doing that for any one else?
OMG why life aint fare 
@pearcenalaska OMG i so envie you, i don't have any time left to start re-reading twilight!!! 
OMG some scary lightning just woke my sister and I up! I'm kind of scared 
@greggrunberg OMG :O pfffft U celebs have all the freaking fun  god i'm just drooling at the thought of that pretty &quot;little&quot; engine :O....
@gingerchick OMG I was jealous before but now I'm REALLY jealous!!!! 
OMG the blues r losing  we can still make it rite??? someone assure me plzz 
OMG I missed 2 stamp tuesday... 
OMG I'm in school bored and still sick as shit  i feel like crying
OMG i am dumb ive just clicked the @lucyluvsgaz thing at the side &amp; realised ive got msgs goin back to 18th may sorry for not replying 
@oh_rosie OMG! untamed did come today but my mum isan't letting me have it until tomorrow 
@TomFelton OMG i hear ur going to milton keynes on saturday .. we already booked for sundayy now 
@levibeach OMG I can't believe it... That's so sad. 
OMG im rather board! havnt written in a long time but iv just had nothing comming to me!! sad  x
@ladysov http://twitpic.com/6h7x3 - OMG u`r soooooooooooo beautiful  if i were in ur shoes i`ll certanlly came to brazil !!!
@stephster OMG and ur not even coming back  screw it!
@alyss28xox OMG i know  She def does hate me. :/ @blondiebobbix3 no ONE thinks i'm up to no good ;) ahaha SIKE
OMG i hate going to my dads  lol.
I am sooo hungry.. sittin in my room doing hw.. all nice and warm .OMG today was the worst 
OMG!!! @ the &quot;joe jonas bashes taylor swift&quot; post on oceanup!! poor taylor 
OMG! i lost my phone. i feel so disconnected. 
@slLOST OMG i just saw the promo, i feel like it could have been a hint to something hmmm.... cant wait til new episodes, 2010 is too far 
@TheRealJordin OMG I feel the same way! 
OMG, so there was a bomb threat at school today, it felt like a half day, but i have to go back to school for graduation though 
OMG........this day is going by so freaking slow!  I'm excited about meg's bday...she better like her present(s)!!
@Beccaaarr OMG im missing 8 out of 10 cats  thats the price you pay for limited inspiration lol, its on C4 right? xoxoxx
@BlueLanugo OMG! I don't know... 
@mitchelmusso OMG! i cant believe that i missed it!     soo sad!
OMG my doggy died!! I am sooo sad!! 
@DJLilAm OMG I feel like shattering your twitter account! You're never on lol 
@MandyyJirouxx OMG what no tomato soup that sucks  I tomato soup its is the doot in doot do do lifes good 
@tivon lmao!!! ok soon as I got around the lake I'm like OMG still down 
OMG saturday and i must working...bleee 
@Fitchgirl1701 OMG I forgot to get my free donut with a purchase of a coffee at dunkin donuts. 
@kellydunlap OMG - I totally love them and have been to a million concerts! 
@HauteFuss You don't miss me.  @aimeevee OMG. I wonder what that smells like.
OMG, high school is offically over I just graduated earlier and now I am so sad 
OMG! someone steal my green t-shirt!!! im feel so sad 
@DariaDAMMIT OMG I hope not!  ok feeling very very old now... 
@carliebree OMG just read ur previous tweet! Who am I going to get my news from now! 
OMG OMG tomorrow interview for AFS... i just can't help but keep imagine how it will be.  @jasmine_nia how bout u?
@chelsea_playboy OMG I forgot to go to kfc for lunch  Theres one near the club tonite so I'll go for din dins instead ;)
OMG playing from 6-10pm, exhausting   at least i got 1 win in! time to head on home 
OMG! :O i lost the program i don't no where it went???? 
OMG I just killed my sunflower 
OMG I feel sooo bad this cat followed me home yet I'm highly allergic 
OMG I need some dick 
OMG..bentos!! im looking @ some really really REALLY good bento blogs atm and they look...amazing and yummy. I want one 
Last school day before exams, ah! OMG! 
OMG ... i'm sooooo slow today ... i just finished one page from this damn flyer ... and i have to do 7 more till tomorrow evening 
@mikesupersonic OMG I'm so sorry we can't make tonight  ........ Haha I'm 100% kidding!
OMG u know its gunna be a bad day when ur coffee pot BREAKS! 
OMG, can't wait to go home! but really dont want to go out in the horrible rain.  its so miserable out after a whole week of sunshine. ...
OMG tomorrow's sunday and then after that it's monday then then then it's school and and and hALDAFLKJjsdfkljkejiokNCL 
says OMG my lips are peeling.  http://plurk.com/p/yw1la
OMG I totally forgot to get her something. 
OMG d dance is like super fast n it makes my head spin n then I forgot the steps. 
why do i feel like &quot;OMG I'm up so damned early&quot; when it's almost eight. I need to figure out why I&quot;m sick!  /pout
OMG.. blair and chuck is almost be together again but the timing is just wrong argh.. soo sad.. 
@IpodJ u sure better visit! OMG what will I do without u there 
@lalisakim OMG. LALISA. that looks sooo painful 
OMG I really don't want to move more today! 
OMG....my laptop is dead...I have missed you guys. 
OMG I live so close to the place @mitchelmusso is at right now! but im home alone and can't get a ride  nononooo
@MissPrissyBitch OMG... who  ...text my phone the name
@iLoveNessax33 yea sorry, i got alot of updates. OMG - two people just un-followed me  love youu xx
OMG ok i think i offended some of my followers...i wasnt saying YOU guys were stalkers but please believe i do have a few on here 
@crrystalbabe OMG it was so hard 
@court4305 OMG. I haven't heard that in a while...wonder what happened to him. Not approved! 
OMG jonas brothers youtube account has been suspended!!! 
@burbujaspy OMG! uta ve esto: Now I see everything I'd ever need, its the girl in front of me, she's much better. lo puso nicky 
@vickyfoshizzle OMG i'm so jealous 
chatting and chilling tomorrow learn  at monday agaiin school OMG ////
@TheBayBarbie OMG that's how my iPhone is! It only last for like 4 hours and then dies  hella irritating
OMG! I neeeeeeeeeeeeeeed internet back in my house! I can't cope without it! 
OMG dav i'll see you till next week. i miss you 
OMG... I have a major headache!!!!! 
OMG gorgeous little boy in the salon is gorgeous ; I would show you guys but that's creepy and I don't know how to use twitpic 
English and matc test are very bored....OMG  i believe in my dreams and you??
@PaigeTJohnson OMG  have you finished the book yet?
OMG just found out i gotta walk 4 miles for 2 hours threw woods with suitcases  gutted ! x
@emma_elizabeth OMG I'm sorry  for people not turning up and your granda's stroke... I just remembered like a minute ago, sorry.
@RomeroVicious stfu!!!! OMG I thought it was gonna be $40 at most!!!  that's horrible
Race went so crap  OMG 
OMG it is sooooo hard being a Mets fan!!!  
OMG she reminds me so much of victoria! 
@illaayyY OMG i know me too!  lol i have the best date ever though( my bby nephew) LOL
@THEREALHAVOC OMG look who posted!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've missed you 
@dubbsEEZA OMG i played that game at a friend's house .. it's so addicting! &amp; i want it too 
@MariaJonas OMG a little bit longer! def one of my faves...it kinda made me cry a little bit 
@Mzkrisdotweezy &quot;OMG&quot;, what's next 
@ocB OMG i just realized that. i am SO sorry. go ahead &amp; assassinate me, then we'll be even. i'm sorryyyyyyyyyy  i wounded my comrade
@marcieee OMG saw it last weeknd yesss it was so touching in the beginning 
OMG. I need my summer shows to start soon because I'm actually resorting to watching stupid reality shows 
OMG wow the thunder just raddled out apt.!!! 
OMG wow the thunder just raddled my apt.!!! 
@TraceCyrus OMG ! your in phil. what hotel did you checked in ? i so veeery excited , i hate it but i love it! sorry bout the heat .. 
OMG i want a star!...  
@JLSFREAKS @Nawel_xx OMG its gonna rock 
@kuttyedathi OMG, dont tell me u stirred tht hot curry wth iPhone 
OMG...ticket not confirmed....dunno how to travel to chennai 
OMG  i think Ive forgotten how to draw!!!! :'( -cries-
OMG it's so cold today! 
@Djgambit OMG. I will get it! Is it an online game? I don't have internet at home. I'm just tweeting from my phone. 
McDelivery why you so shitty wan, OMG, I'm so hungry ok 
OMG! i don't want to work today 
@ajafair  A friend called me, all &quot;OMG, what do you think about [insert spoiler].&quot; Sadly, my reflex of throwing away the phone as if it...
Morning everyone just wake up tks to my neighbor he's listening some crap music OMG since yesterday I'm not felling that wil be a bad day 
@pico39 OMG! we are too silly in this hotel! last night was fun tho. i misses you already! 
OMG i hate being a girl sometimes i'm in my moods well every girl knows wat tht means grrrr!!!!!!! blah!!!! 
OMG my stomach hurts so bad!     ow ow ow ow!
@djsourmilk OMG!!!! I missed your b-day... I'm soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sorry 
@april7412 OMG it was insane girlie -- the best show ever! I still have a voice but have a bit of a headache 
OMG! she must be crazy 
OMG I am zombified after the past two weeks...I thought comics were easy. 
@__POKERFACE__ OMG so it will be!!! im gonna miss the E class..  haa
OMG if you only could see what i just did to my needle  omg........... i made a mess of my medicine lol...funny tho
OMG @bia_re1 me too!!! i woke up and could barely move. i think i broke my pinky finger too   oh the dramas of stepping!
@KalebNation OMG! I missed ur contest!  haha cant wait til the next 1!
@GeekTwisT OMG! I have lots of feelings!! I was going to go take a shower but now I really might go cry   butthead
Having a hard time getting out of bed. There is much to do today but OMG, so comfy ... 
@vikkkibahnukk22 OMG me ttooo.. i am soo bored aha . theres like nothing to do today 
OMG im so hungry i think im gonna pass out 
OMG!! it snowed this morning!!! i thought i was suppose to be summer.... 
OMG, @PhillyD is so close. Too bad I haz no carz 
@tophatdog OMG, so sorry to hear that, what happened with ur beagle? 
OMG, it's so busy at work  the wait time is an hour. If you have nothing to do, come and join me!
&quot;No one is following me, because i'm just an average person  &quot; OMG how wrong is that, you are a very very special person, believe me.....
OMG, this weekend went by too fast, its already time to start thinking about what to wear to work tomorrow. 
OMG the capital concert was crazy! i wish i was having fun instead of working 
@DefyGravity81 @pattiw23 @txcranberry just saw it myself OMG I could eat that kid up !!! I want one 
@jesscia305 OMG why are you sad? I didn't mean to make you sad w/ my post 
I can't believe I haven't gone shopping yet OMG been dying to go shopping 
OMG...I really need to get my hair done sad face  this just isn't right lol..But 1st things 1st my car,,gotta get her right,,shes my baby
OMG i've been here doing EVERYTHING except getting dressed...this is why I'm always late 
OMG OMG OMG... worst shopping day ever...     why humans can't be in peace? guns are the worst thing in the world, so sad!
@selenagomez OMG! what did u do 2 ur hair!  I rhink I'm going 2 cry 
OMG, I just hate myself. I can't believe that I missed the live chat on facebook. I'm sorry guys.  but you know I still love you.
OMG OMG on my cell n was chckn myspace. Added a asshole who page i shudve chckd b4 i added him. I need 2 delete him, not on a comp tho 
OMG sooo much traffic on I-95, I want to get to my house 
is not going to a party. I hurt my back moving a piece of furniture. OMG. I hope I can move tomorrow!    
OMG! I left the U in fck this time and next thing u know the @swear_bot called me a potty mouth 
LOL OMG what happened to you, matt corby? http://au.myspace.com/mattcorbyau  aha
OMG i cant cope.. cant move off this sofa cause of bloody tummy pains + ive done NO revision for this exam  i can see this ending badly!
@krumpet OMG how could you and after everything we went thru 
OMG, the train I was in hit a person! I hope he'll survive... Really sets things in perspective 
OMG so much relief, finished my math and geography exams. they were so difficult  hope i did alright
MACYS CRYINGGGG. OMG. im sad now 
OMG....just arrived at the customer site....serverroom OVERHEATED...airco went down 
@breathofreshair OMG. I don't think I'll be here 
@amypink31 OMG poor thing 
OMG firstday of classes tomorrow! first day in college. oh-em-gee.i gotta wake up at 5am and be there by 7am.everyday till saturday. 
@Aussiewaffler OMG he is losing the plot. i think he wanted freddo frog not custard. the joys of children 
OMG got so much Japanese work to do  will the school work ever end?
is too afraid from serious relationships!!! OMG i'm in such a panic right now. i need some help 
@jessicamauboy OMG i totally would, but i have school 
OMG!  did i have to drive to the rez today! its a 2 hour drive 
@MeganJoan OMG YUMM!! lol...my god why wont he make out with me!?  LOL
OMG. This is soo frustrating.   I'm dead. I don't wanna wake up. *sulking*
OMG somesome jus died from swine flu  there are now 7cases this morning in bahrain. its getting serious......be careful guys x
@nUmbnAIf @filsaa OMG...and itzz too ...Not even ONe...scarY 
OMG it's thuder and lightning down my end. I'm scared 
OMG OMG I can hear the flight of the conchords theme music.... Poooo tv guide says its a repeat. aaaawwwww i want new eps already 
OMG, my apologies for all the old tweets, folks. we just relaunched the site and it seems our twitter client went nuts  -thanks @cdernbach
OMG the hotel called me! i called them back but got voicemail 
@KrissiLoud OMG, I did and I could feel my entire esophagus and stomach and then it gave me heart burn for a minute, that part sucked. 
omgomgomgomg i forgot i have a dentist appointment this month OMG 
OMG .. its raining again.  so much for getting on the bike 
OMG! my dad threw my phone at a wall,got in my face,planned 2 throw me out on the streets and said he wished  i got beat up...wat a dad 
@mariaruizx http://twitpic.com/74tnj - OMG! I'm happy for you, hahah. I have to wait till june 16th  But what really matter is that I' ...
OMG im so hungry and ready to get off work..... I got in trouble by my boss today lol 
OMG.! he cut his hair  his beautiful long hair.!!!
I wanna go to the san diego zoo!!!!! OMG 
@panacea81 OMG I cryed when the dog died in that film 
OMG! I have never seen such awful traffic ! I have been sitting on the 270 for 36 minutes and I only needed to go 2 miles 
OMG OMG OMG  @mcflymusic &amp; @jonasbrothers together on stage. I can't believe it and i can't believe that i were not there for see 
OMG at the coffee shop across the street, there is a fire. And people are burning. OMG looks dangerous, I dont want to enter. Dying 
http://twitpic.com/7hufw - A creation i made a few time ago. OMG i lost all my pics bcuz i changed my name 
@kiwiblockhead OMG i am so sorry,  that not right. what was the excuse?
OMG too much, I feel sick 
OMG I just cannot wait, I got a B+ on my business proposal and presentation.  It was just one of those classes, glad its over
@cassiesgreer OMG that sucks hardcore. I hope it gets fixed right away. 
OMG i have had a great day!!! But now im home stting and listning to music  still fum but i want to et out
In my first law schoolesque class!!! OMG!! I'm bored already! 
OMG just got a fine on the train, oh my day just got worse 
@Quiggmate OMG  I forgot to put my entry in... stupid school making me forget!
@Mimiteh26 I have this odd feeling in my back. It's like a &quot;that time of the month&quot; cramp but in my lower back...OMG it hurts 
OMG a moth in my room 
@HollyHuddleston OMG u hav chemistry test? Thatz krazay help me next year with it im scared its supposed to be hard 
OMG! This weather is killing me! I hate storms, I'm crying, i'm a baby i need my bestie! 
OMG.I have a panic spiders , hate thah commercial 
@flye4tlessly OMG i definitely had a jersey dress in 9th grade! it was an ecko one.. def. crucial.. and no1 could say ish to me haha  lol
@LeannSoto pictures please because OMG that sounds amazing... damn damn diet 
OMG! I got totally got ditched by my friend today, I put my plans on hold to hang out with them and what do they do don't show up or call 
OMG! there will will be a 1hr downtime on twitter! OMG!! 
OMG all this dam hair, i cant sleep cuz i keep laying on it     i think i need a haircut ... i think it time for a new tattoo too
@TaylorOreo OMG ADAMMM i wish he wasnt gay. 
OMG!! michale myeres is sooo scarey! ewwwww....... cant stand tht dude! 
OMG I jus smashed a spider on my floor!! ...I'm deathly afraid of spiders D:  and I sleep on a mattress on the floor!! 
@msmcporkchop: OMG! owwie!!  ... yeah i'm ok, tired, and crampy though, not used to having them so it's really bugging me 
OMG! you guys... i just saw the picture  #hannahporntana09
OMG @theroser did u just see that @ reply?! according to @jb4eva000 I'm not good enough to have a spot on ur &quot;people who replied&quot; list 
OMG boys suck 
OMG boys suck 
at last die terus terang jugak. I felt so relieved although agak menyakitkan hati sebab baru sekarang die mengaku. OMG  I sedeh gila
OMG 3 days ago i had 500k now i have.. 75k  SAAAAD....
OMG: just not in the mood 2 day 
OMG, i had an eyelash in my eye, and it took me bout 10 minutes of tearing up, wiping, and blowing to get it out. Wow, that hurt 
OMG - thought 'horny kitty' n 'horny hottie' had gone away!  two following in the last 10 mins!
@victoriabush OMG!! dammit im going on friday! ahh  xx
OMG miley why would you do that!!!! 
OMG my test drive unlimited data has been corrupted now I need to start again 
u know, the quiz on geometry was easy. haha ! but on chemistry, OMG ! i dont know anything. my score was 12 and a total of 25 items 
OMG. someone pulled into my driveway! I see headlights! :| it's the aliens. i know it.  omggg i'm so scared.
OMG just saw two stunning dresses...i want!!!!!! the temtation is sooo hard!! 
OMG! its so cold here i need a hug to keep me warm. would anyone give me a hug  ????
(@KatieChute) OMG! its so cold here i need a hug to keep me warm. would anyone give me a hug  ????
OMG I hate school ! 7 Weeks to go 
@Flisker  OMG that unfair    bloody heat
OMG @JosephMiller___ ur so mean. i do not have an abnormally large head 
@rachelletan at least you got to hug him! I never got to hug anyone.  HAHA. IMY too! OMG, I was there last year--your seat. hahaha
OMG I totally got my laptop back and went to send tommy a message to let him know and I couldnt find his profile 
@hairlessheart 23 in august. OMG that makes me sound soooooo old 
OMG 1hr 15mins til interview, its a panel of 3 people too 
running late 4 work... OMG its fonna be one of them days 
runnig late 4 work... OMG its gonna be one of those days 
OMG my baby is going to be crawling in no time it seems  he just wiggled/creeped his way from one side of the crib to the other.
OMG so much of a gmorning. One leg is freaking killilng me, and i dont want to go to to work today.... 
OMG! I'm in sooo much pain!!!! 
OMG, so effing sick  I'm over this.
OMG i wanna see the duet live 
OMG my besite swallowed her peicing last night  &amp; she too pissed...i still got mines tho...going 7 months strong .
@ashley_eastwest OMG!!!lol she said that???!!!yeah that gets me mad to..you're not a true fan if you don't like all 5 
OMG it arrives tomorrow, wow wee, so excited, shame i have to work 
OMG  @Letzgetd0wn what about our children and wedding? lol
@Emilywithsgw i know!  can u believe i almost had the chance to talk to him yesterday on saynow &amp; my phone died?!!! OMG so sad... 
OMG boys suck 
OMG! I made it back my twiggas! wow I had a nice time last night! there are some nice ppl in seattle! lol! well in class now 
OMG my stomach is killing me I literally wanna :'( rite now 
@pokebrie     MOVING where, OMG. imy bitch. 
@MadisonAvenue22 OMG, I'm gone miss the finally there's no TV! Here!!!!  
OMG hate hayfever its doin me head in. i cant do anything without itching my eye!!!!  x
@KHLOVIS OMG noooo way!! We're growing up so fast  I'm gunna have to hit her up to congradulate her..
OMG. im just noticing now, when harry goes to talk to cho, it shows you ginny, she looks really upset.  arghh. cho.
OMG is it 4:30 yet? I wanna go home 
I miss all my friends OMG im not going to see liz or nichole at school any more 
OMG guys, wanna do something to make a difference http://tinyurl.com/stephen-donate give this guy money; he's had his money stolen :O 
OMG shree is such a fucking creep.. lmao collage 2moro 
OMG! This rain SUCKS to drive in... 
@MILEYtheFIRST OMG thats hilarious cause today I was looking all over the internet trying to find out who designed them with no luck.. 
OMG I'M SO BORED. I really could/should be cleaning right now but I feel very much too tired to do much. I just want entertainment 
Not to sound like an endless whiner but OMG I still feel sick. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - hey those girl have very lucky y wanted stay here  OMG the life give many turns :S
OMG soooo tired!!! When iz da S.S. portfolio due. 
@livelikeian its not gone  OMG
@morogogo OMG I DON'T LIKE THIS ALBUMMMMM 
tomorrow is my very last day at high school!!!! OMG!! 
@livelikeian funnn? nooo  ugh not funny.. i was like OMG he didnt just say that :O
@kirawr OMG..and you didnt tell me this before..Hhmm?!?! I cant see not zombie siching on you tho  bwahahaha i love you
OMG OMG OMG! My cold is gone but I still have a sore throat.  I hope I can go to school tomorrow.
OMG my pudding has to cool for 3 hours!!! 
OMG your so amazing and perfect except... you have a girlfriend 
OMG natty light commercial? Even the actors they got are white trash 
@AleSerrallonga OMG! we are totally out of sight (soundtrack dramatic) is sad!, isn't it? we used to be pure love and friendship 
OMG I need to sleep yesterday was not fun going to bed at 5 and waking up at 10 
@marganic5 OMG how r u?? i miss you soo much. i loved u as a manager. wish we could go back to thoes days 
OMG meercat manor is so violent and sad..... what a downer 
@DanielleTwirls ARG!! it's going to be so gay!!! OMG! I WILL DIE!!! 
 my mum called me crazy. OMG BRADIE WEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
OMG...I am soooooo freakin' sick tonight... 
OMG well sunny out side!!! and i'm stuck in a boring computer room  xxx
@AlwaysEmily OMG awww! I'm afriad I might do that! They still haven't called me 
@ahhhdy OMG I totally feel the same way. 
OMG. I think I made @vickijonasx and @excelentcelery sick!!! If I did, I'm so so so so so so sorry guys!! 
OMG its supposed to be 0 degrees tonight.  soooo coollddd !
@Geeke OMG I guess I'll have to go to sleep then 
@aussiemcflyfan OMG tell im really really really sorry and that i feel very deeply with her...my dog passed away 1 ahalf years ago  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
@babygirlparis http://twitpic.com/7m2wb - i should be there  OMG !!!! why din i knw 
OMG I HAVE 42 UPDATES not inc this one  it is official this tweet will ruin it;; oh how i wish it could stay on 42 foreverrrrrr
@stevewhiting http://twitpic.com/7lv4a - OMG what a meeting to miss  congrats &amp; now your part of the club!
@Hoof_Harted  OMG.... I am sooo sorry  
@loobylou76 OMG no, you poor thing.  *Twug* from me 
OMG!!! when will the work get over 
@tessawinkle OMG!!! I had one of those fish! They're sooo awesome, it died tho, the cat ate him 
OMG this is sooo boring  can it be 5 yet?
OMG someone stole my cereal bowl at work. How sad is that 
OMG.... no golf 4 me this weekend  rainy weekend
I should be in bed already! OMG my hair is a fucking mess!! 
OMG! i missed RIOTs! 2nd birthday, 12 june 2007!!!!!  oh and happy fucking birthday alice
OMG so pissed off with the apples mobile me live support that dont know any thing and if some thing is wrong they pretend its not pffffft 
OMG ! I cant live without my computer 
OMG! @jonasbrothers are doing TWO MORE shows in london this year! and they only do one in manchester 
@RyanOmega OMG, those traits in ur article could be me.  But I consider myself far from &quot;angelic.&quot;  
OMG, cut my right arm off already!? This crap hurts!  But doc in 45 ... so yeah...
OMG!!! @MPaintal and @ptserkonis I just read about some brit who came up with an idea to dispense flip flops from a vending machine!!!! 
OMG my iphone update isn't working WTF 
@GeorginaGenisis OMG i can't believe you forgot my birthday!!! :O is on july 
OMG all time new song is.. so doesnt sound like alex.. its good but... its different.. i good different very poppy.. 
OMG my tummy is messed up! 
OMG i have jus found my prom dress in purple the colour i wanted all along and now like iv got the blue one !! 
OMG I just want to sleep . . .this jetlag is no fun 
i couldnt find a ride so i had to walk OMG!!!!!!  p.s shes my baby
@ocho01 hahahahahahaah OMG you dropped it in the toilet! damn..that's balls, when you getting a new phone? didn't you just get your mac? 
@daffygal433 OMG i hope he's ok 
OMG I am SO hot I feel like im sitting in a sana or something......i dont feel good 
OMG @awesome_tie you have almost double my updates 
OMG storms! I'm afraid of thunderstorms 
OMG this uworld is so exhausting 
OMG i cant believe what i just read they are going to shut down an elementry school in glendora  how sad hopefully it isnt stanton.
@lookitscandi OMG! i just told ligia i wanted pizza cause im on a tuna diet! .. 
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my best friend just stapeled his foot!   how in godz green earth is that ecen possible????????????????
@BoringKris I wanted my glasses til they were ready to pick up then I was thinking OMG I picked an ugly pair  If exercise makes you happy!
its been 9 months and 12 days. OMG!! i may cry for like an hour...  &lt;/3
@michellyy OMG!! nooo say it aint so 
OMG its almost 5am and im still working on my paper. just realized that i hadnt really written anything in the last 2hours  im doomed
OMG it is so hot in this house 
@Cephikun OMG me too. So much. He's like the only dead actor I really miss. 
OMG :O if i had a baby with oli sykes it would be really ugly O.o the girl looks like a man. Does that mean i look like a dude 
OMG.i had the best wrkout 2day.im so tired i couldnt even wash my hair.now i have to be bright eye n bushy tail @ 5 so i can do my hair 
OMG! college is coming close, orientation was today, and i'm already an outcast, idk anybody  and i sure as hell am not talking to anyone
@iluvmibabyboo OMG that tortoise looks just horrible, they should be ashamed if they did that to him 
OMG. I have a pimple coming in on my forehead. I guess its true...no body's perfect 
OMG, what a day! 2 jobs + class. In lab, we examined 2 cadavers! One female and one male corpse! I think I might have nightmares 
@big_al24 thanks  and OMG thats soo weird taht you bring it up because i just thought about taht the other day..miss it  miss him!!
Just came from taking out the trash and there was a fucking fox in the backyard.  OMG so cute.  But it fled 
@thekiddaytona OMG dont give me that!! i tweeted u and texted u i was in town and u ignored me  no wuv for me
@lautnerx3 same! OMG! am  tired cant open my eyes 
OMG don't ya just love people who so wanna be you, and try and steal your identity.. sad little people 
@dorkabunny: OMG can you teach me to make cute bentos sometime? i bought a bunch of stuff, but i never really have time for it. 
OMG, there was a giant cockroach in the house 
OMG why did they do that, I was crying like a baby  they killed him off.
OMG the movie stopped 
i got up way too early today  and where's the sun anyways?! And OMG there's a dove sitting on a car, watching me!!!! CREEEPY
OMG my head really hurts   
OMG I can't believe I just admitted that. I'm so embarrased no. 
OMG I can't even swallow this morning. 
The police and the ambulance has just come to the building of front,OMG I hope that has not happened something really bad 
OMG someone bring me a good good coffee so I can function. I just want to sleep and the fact it's raining outside doesnt help 
OMG why is it rainig so damn much, its depressing 
@djpenetrate @Djhomiemarco OMG! me 5 eat 12 for me  and then go pick me up some el rey nachos then some broc cheez from mamas thn lambo!!!
@rhythmofself OMG ya... have you seen the latest commercial... for J&amp;K+8? it's soooo depressing... &quot;they have an announcement&quot; 
OMG my arm is still so sore!  i can hardly type! =[
OMG..... there is no sugar!!!!!!! im gonna die with no cup of tea 
@missjacquie OMG i literally just got home from the gymmm..ahhh i wish we went together 
OMG!!!! The people on the 37 smelt like seaweed! it was horrible. 
OMG its thursday nite already...so much to do so little time...and all I wanna do is go have some fun 
OMG I just woke up and I look like hell 
OMG last week of school with all my gurlz 
@PLester10 OMG I want to go soooo bad!  I've been really missing it lately!    Clean air, water, cold beer, and good friends!
@KKriste OMG...that kitty looks just like the one my family got before I was born. She was so great, I miss her 
OMG...I'm so hungry I got a sharp crisp stuck in my gum after trying to eat them too fast! 
city of bones wasn't too bad.. it seemed so much like harry potter though. OMG and the twist is so sad 
OMG sooo hungry and can't make anything till the plasterers done 
@ddlovato OMG, loooved your single! want the full album 
@DavidArchie OMG ur awesome wish i cood c u on tour but im on vacay when u come to my city  good luck on the tour hope it rox
SPANDEX ;) OMG LOL , idk where my bikini thingy went 
@robsessiondotca OMG hell yeah!!  but what's up with the numbers? i'm still only seeing 239K  #peterfacinelli
@LoReCullen OMG! you're back! yay! I missed you! 
@Brittneyparss OMG! I miss seeing lemonade stands. 
@deadgraviti OMG I do that 100 times a day! And every time I'm just as baffled as the time before. 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/7orc2 - OMG! is my dream go to paris and see you in person... I saw you in concert chile, but far  hopefu ...
OMG I just cried so much watching grey's anatomy 
@frakfraco OMG i could visit u in niagara falls if I didn't have finals tomorrow 
OMG... he's soo hott. can't believe I only have 3 more days with him. 
im goin to go see drag me to hell OMG im soooooo scared  w/ the bestie
@al_pari I kno nigga  I'm excited for our day!  OMG can we color my hairrrr?!!!
OMG OMG OMG UP is soooooo sad  im crying 
@TTTorrez OMG I dnt know how I didnt faint coming into this world...ugh stomach is turning now 
@karboso OMG yyyyyyyy, I thought u were my star twitterer 
OMG. There was no one in line...left to get something to drink...now there's a huge line.  going to kill someone. 
@jubiedeane OMG!  I'm so sorry to hear about uncle!  That's terrible.  
OMG!!! i graduated today! and me and my friends cried cuz we r gonna miss each other  but im happy cuz its finally time to graduate!!!
@jeremysaffer OMG. make sure it's gone!!! if i find one tomorrow i'm going to freak out!!! 
@ily_lambert OMG. I just watched it your lucky you can't watch it...its kinda hard to watch. I'm prolly gonna cry on monday. 
OMG fathers day is this weekend and i haven't gotten anything for my dad. 
OMG so much to do tonight ... and so little time 
OMG what a night, total kabash on my plans!  no selfish night, and damn you disconnection man! so so so very sad, and now i can't sleep 
@schmeghanlynn OMG!! I can't believe you're actually looking for a replacement!!! I can't believe we haven't had a true goodbye.... 
OMG- I just went from having 200 followers to 199 
OMG...i thought i knew you but i guess not..wat a fuckin douche lol i'm amazed at how wrong i was ughhh..i gotta stop w/dis trust 
OMG im so scared. this tornado thing keep poppin up on da t.v 
just came back from school! OMG super dirty 
OMG boys suck 
@GiulianaRancic OMG, after they exposed their 8 kids to the whole world, they might be divorced..? poor kids 
OMG i got grounded so i cant get on to tweet 
@desiluv22 OMG...where have you been???? 
OMG it's 4 in the morning! I'm totally going to bed! 
OMG got a well sore throat today  and got loads of assignments to do  xx
OMG, our puppy just had an allergic reaction. I have never been so scared in my life. I have more love 4 this puppy than I ever knew. 
i watched marie antionette today and OMG that movie is a little boring  but on the upside my outfit is not boring that the movie haha
@EllerySweet OMG I want one  They look amazing! 
http://bit.ly/124gCI  OMG they are so lucky, poor nick he had a sunburn 
@Rutherfordium OMG just did it and can't even prove it!!!  lol
OMG. they are killing me slowly... 
OMG...so sleepy. had to take my friend to get his car from the towing place..I mean who towes cars at 4 in the morning?! 
@True_cat OMG I know I don't have E though unfortunatley 
@darrenhayes why 'cardio'? the cardiogram? someth is wrong with your heart?! OMG! 
@KelsyHewitt OMG GUUUURL ive missed u  so whats the most exciting thing thats happened to u so far?
@officiallyron OMG! I didn't have time to get one this morning  im mad u got one.
OMG! There was an 18 wheeler that crashed on the side of the interstate and it was on fire!!!  now I'm scured ;(
OMG ! the work load is too high today 
Ive just finished my ict exam! OMG its was so hard, think i probably got a F! 
@kperrien OMG! i hope your son is feeling better soon...poor baby  and poor mommy! you need a break!
OMG people are belting out air supply right now. they sound so ugly. 
leighton meester apparently has a sex tape. OMG. that makes me very sad. 
OMG my prepaid ends today  no more twitter sms!
OMG!!! I'm finally finish with my exams..like forever...WOW!!haha..I'm excited..just hope I don't have to go for a function tonight 
@yooedward OMG cheryl leaves larry?!?!  i bet it's for ted danson!!
OMG!! I can't believe I just watch someone run over a poor squirrel trying to cross the street! I feel sad now! 
OMG I just saw a fire 
oioioi I've good a big headache.... not even in the mood of dancin..hold up! OMG it must be bad! xD yeah it is 
OMG i am going to get fat   i am at work bored so i keep eating lmao... first chick -fil - a then flamin hots lol now hostess cupcakes.
OMG how I hate #FollowFriday and the spam it brings so so so much. 
@sarah_jarvis hahaha OMG this research project is the bane of my life!! 
OMG lightning in Altringham hit a house and made the roof catch fire and collapse  WOW that's y I'm afraid of lightning!
OMG...I soooo need a massage...I am truly in hurt right now. 
@alithered77 OMG, you have to watch it! I saw some of it before class one morning but didn't see how it ended.  lol
@RaQU3L @dulcecandy87  OMG! I know I heard about that he just got sentenced him and his ex girl for killin' that old retired couple! 
@born2dancepcd omg you beeetch !!! you saw brit  i wanted to see her !!! i though you wernt going? OMG super jealous!!xoxo
Chilling @ Mcdonalds, OMG why I am here. I should be eating salads, not double quater pounder with cheese.  oh well ill work it out 2morow
OMG I'm going to kill these monster kids next door - they are drawing on my house with sidewalk chalk! This is just not my week 
OMG!!! so im still cleaning the house wow im laggin it,oh and im not going to my hometown today it was canceled aww 
@AnnetteStatus OMG! thats all of my favorite bands!!! 
OMG has no plans for tonight!!! ugh i have no idea what to do were so bored 
OMG major thunder storm! Why do we seem to have them so often lately? 
@CTVtoronto CTVtorontoOntario records third H1N1 flu death http://tinyurl.com/mvbafy -- OMG!     
@endlessblush 20 times OMG  -- couldn't do that - each move for us has seen more stuff accumulate
OMG lizzy wat about me y didnt u ask him to follow me i keep checking as much as capinding 
@ialexanderwho OMG that's sad 
OMG i get home and theres no power this blows majorly   ~*IcYuNvMe*~
@vaowen OMG! me too!  lol. i can not wait to start school! i need to do something productive! lol.
@LatinNKlover OMG I'm dog whisperer &amp; he's dealin with a chihuahua!! Ahh I miss my dogs!!  Xoo
OMG ..... it's weekend, but I still have to do my stupid experiment at lab.....     so bad
OMG OMG OMG! Less than 2 min left on saving this video then I can go to bed and cuddle with @nickneagle who has been out for a while 
OMG. A sobering experience would be your friend/ride ditching you for a boy at a party when she has a bf. I would NEVER betray a bf 
Ah mok saw hottie ruan jin tian!! OMG can! She has all the luck! 
OMG crown uptown is closing?!  that makes me really, really sad...
doesn't wanna to bump onto him. OMG 
@fraulara Haha it's like 90billion o'clock and you ambush me like this and OMG sobe. I miss it 
OMG! I think @primaaa fell asleep on me! 
EEEEEEK OMG just killed this really big bug with like a bajillion legs  sleeping is going to be difficult tonight
OMG OMG!!! I feel soo bad for Freddie!! I wanna just give him a hug 
@blossom_hana http://twitpic.com/7vsel - OMG what did u do to your hair???   J.
tryin to set up my phone for twitter...exept i used up my txts already  OMG ive gotta have a speech written by tomorrow aagh!!!
@MRNTRN: I know!!!! OMG, its like it again. But really little. 
OMG WTF is wrong with me its 4 am and I cant sleep 
OMG!! my body is aching like to the max! 
@sevsarkissian OMG! r u serious? what if my package is lost or something  now i'm worried. I ordered it on sunday 
OMG afrikaans and social sciences on monday and im not ready at all!!! ahhh!! 
OMG so here it is 6am, back at wk and I have a killer migraine! I really just wanna go back to bed! 
@gfalcone601 OMG! now that u remind me i feel like I'm going to buy nothing  what u sugest? I'm dork with this things...
OMG! I ate too much. Balinese food tastes so good Dammit. I'm in pain 
OMG boys suck 
OMG i hate my uncle 
im watching &quot;TRANSFORMERS&quot; on TV. OMG! this movie is a film dubbed in JAPANESE 
@endlessblush OMG you're almost exactly in time with it. I'm about to turn if off now 
OMG thys crap hurts @DCMarquee:yhu did thys to me 
OMG my stomach feels like it's in a blender on puree. I haven't puked after drinking but I guess there's a first for everything. 
OMG I hate my drunken self. I'm so upset  I really do feel like crying.
just cut my hair!OMG!so shortt.haha.so ur not goin there?im sryy,tdi k ex trus sency,tapi gak lama2, masi sakit kakinya  cium duluuu !!
OMG!! i'm not ready 
OMG im so mad. . Why are they doin this to me! 
@sudarmuthu OMG thats bad 
@LBROBIN OMG! can believe i am missing so much fun  we got to do it again in the fall!
@Ryanthen :o OMG SRSLY? that's so gay (( i love them  x
OMG. luckkkyyy! geeduckie is going out to eat dim sum. i want some.. 
still can't sleep although it's almost 3 a.m... OMG! I need some help cause my insomnia is getting worse... 
@greghoweguitar OMG. I feel bad for the guy who said that 
OMG i can't breathe! i hate you _______ You have ruined my life! silly 
@TawnyHeath man that recipe sounds good, the chocolate butter cream OMG!!!!! none for dad, he's a diabetic 
@xanderkitty OMG you poor thing. I would have too. 
OMG its official M.F.D had canceled the cookout tomorrow I repeat we have canceled our cookout 
OMG @MissKatiePrice is soo funny, katie &amp; peter; stateside: is amazingly funny! can't believe it won't be on anymore!! 
@ddlovato OMG.  i'll pray for you.!! &lt;3
@estherju OMG that's so trueeeeeeeeeeee! you give up, you promised me you wouldn't... 
@carolinamnz jaja i know that's a normal boy but *-) he's so cute, he have something^^ OMG i love him&lt;3 if I only could say his name 
@vanzii  OMG his mum lives selsdon, byron road, u kno it?? i like croydon too good vibe, good shops!  and no cus i live in essex now  xX
OMG, I am sooooo not well so there's my weekend up the creek.  So followers, please have a drink for me, cheers 
OMG. I wish I had time and circumstance for a puppy. I forgot how much I love dogs. 
OMG!! There's a moth in my bedroom and it just landed on me :O I don't like moths 
still don't get it........OMG....when I look back I'm here all day...On fb and here.....That's why my head hurts so much.... 
just bought a $30 scooter from toysrus and was offered a$6 extd wrrnty! OMG!? not toysrus too 
omg watch dis I cant believe wat shes sayin OMG  http://www.refugeedaylive.org/
?snkrdivamob OMG so I'm covered in mud cuz I helped this old man that fell Bendito poor old man 
OMG ! i was so close to faint today usch i just hate it 
@ddlovato some guys are just stupid , OMG !  I wish you tweet me .. but you never do
OMG, this day was both the best and the worst day in my life but The End 
OMG, i dropped sunflower seeds in my computer! ha 
@semipenguin omg they woke me up WHEN it was time to go. i was like OMG i need to fix hair, face, girlsroom, shoes etc! so i had to hurry 
OMG i almost lost my license lastnight  not good
OMG, I should've worn a hat today!  
OMG! I still have no book to read! 
It's so fucking hot! OMG! 
tiring weekend. OMG! monday again. 
Thinking about sex....OMG I need sum sex!!!! Who's gonna give it to me 
@tommcfly TOOOOOOOM, OMG! 
@itsalexdummy OMG, I know! I'm kinds sad about it 
ughhh OMG i forgot to make a card tonight for my dad and my papa  i gotta do it when i get up!!
OMG! my head freakin hurts! bumped my head against the pool nd it freakin hurts! 
OMG it's 2:40 am and I can't sleep!! 
@annamarciante - OMG I'm so sorry we totally forgot..... what with @beewalsh almost fully breaking my window and all...  sorry love...
@LynYongsbabe how is it? great? or just like usual? OMG! i feel a little bit sad. 
OMG I struggle so much to limit my message length to 140 characters 
OMG at my drunken antics..I can never go back to college again 
OMG!! avril's black star perfume is now out!! sad to say it's not yet available here in the philippines 
@caitlin6694 yeahh  i shouted like OMG and alan was like :|:| don't shout cos of his hearing aid ;)
  Hungover........ and craving chocolate! OMG how funny was the pub last night!! LOL
@TVXQUKnow OMG, SuJu break  a little sad
OMG, my head is killing me. 
@ashleyemm OMG perez replied to you ?! 
Is sittin in traffic on 75 north OMG y do they have to work on the rd the sunday i have to sing 
@OfficialVernonK  OMG are they actually revealing him? D:  won't it kinda spoil the show a little? 
@_nuruljannah OMG please take some kind of medication! why does ur bronchitis act up during ur auditions?! shit!!!! 
Up! OMG...can...barely...move... 
OMG, the gutter is down 
@Lemonlily74 OMG! I'm shocked! I hope your dad and aunt will be ok... 
@gngabriel OMG  dyan sa office niyo? my goodness ang sad naman nun.
OMG so pretty! http://bit.ly/6OGSg @marketpublique someone please buy it (since I can't  )
@McFlyingGirl OMG! that sucks dude!  im sorry...well i fell n th hallway at school once...class just let out...i was surrounded by every1
OMG! I'm only halfway through the day and my back and legs are killing me!! I'm on my break and sooo ready to go home 
OMG what happened I missed chris arrive because my internets fucked up I'm on my blackberry I'm cryin cuz I missed it 
OMG! I kust heard that demi lovato lost her voice 
OMG my eye won't stop twitching. 
@atlantictreefox OMG... that is the most horrific thing ever! So sad and terrible!  
@llamallama OMG. I feel sorry for the kid for being in such a messed up mental state 
OMG! @buckhollywood ur new vid was hilarious   U look way hotter in a dress than i do 
@officialTila OMG it's enough! get back to your regular state of mind, we miss the pow bam tile, stop talkin about those two 
@nismoCHIK OMG I knoww! I heard about the divorce 
@ooocoraxxx I've missed you so much! OMG. I think I'm going to cry. 
OMG!!! my drummer quit th band  but none of u weirdos would fit i need a fellow unpopular person lik me!!! not someone i dont kno!!!!!!!!!
OMG I have really bad old-man-back today 
@JohnLloydTaylor OMG!! thats so cool, i wish i can be there too so i can see all of you in concert!! 
@shazamy OMG no way! 
still has no A/C for most of the day   OMG!
OMG slay me. This is pure torture... 
@TinaS71 OMG!! awesome weekend ever, I will tell you all about it later gotta fun to work 
@joeymcintyre OMG!!! I didn't see you saying that... Not that I know of 
OMG kita! my reply button is gone too! WTF is going on??!  
OMG the heat in my room...I think I may be slowly melting  it's not ideal
OMG i have the most annoying boy in my form next year!! 
@jansimonb           OMG!! i'm not ready 
@HarmsLovesHardy ik  OMG! I need 2 go see them soon!
OMG!!! what have i done 
mornin' ! raining today   so I'll be on twitter for a few lol. OMG trying to cook, just made cookie for my gf. I hope she'll like them x'D
@marganin OMG!!!! why did he not do that last night? 
OMG does an one watch ghost whisperer ?? jim is dead  cant believe eh 
at last i finished organizing my closet OMG i still hv my accesories  ohh well i'll leave them 4 2moro gd nit and sweet dreams twitters;)
OMG you guys it's so freaking hot. I wish I knew someone who has a swimming pool 
@illmindproducer OMG im sooooo sorry for your loss  You are in my prayers *hugs*
OMG. I'm too scared to tell my mum and dad about my keys 
OMG! It's sooooo fucking hot outside and it's only going to get worse? I hate the desert! 
@4faintsunrise OMG thats awful  im sorry
@karyncristina OMG that sucks!!! 
@designchicklet OMG! i saw that being advertised and i wanted to go   have fun!!!
OMG. my two favorite people are moving out  oh and my brothers going too :p
OMG! I lay down for like 2 minutes and fall asleep for so long  sorry @ultraviolet10
Flipping heat. 102 degrees. OMG it's soooo hot!  #fb
@destinyeyes OMG. I read yr dm but I can't respond on my phone...just OMG 
@ddlovato OMG wish u came to my state but ur not 
@Irish916 OMG the movie was so......wait I was at work 
@makeupholicliz U were there!? OMG I so would've look 4 u if I had known that. 
OMG  i thought everything was going well but i guess not.  i fucking hate life right now! iahfiohfiuaehnvukewahfilua what did i do?!?!?!
OMG...perhaps I have alzheimers already...I feel like sometimes I get sundowners...  
OMG youtube is changing their channel design soon, trust me its awful. i can not believe, we do not get a choice, it just wont be youtube 
@EttejNahgaem OMG! ive done that once, although i got kicked in the face @ dance practice and it got scratched :| it hurt sooo bad  sorry!
I feel like I haven't tweeted in forever!  I'm so fucking tired! OMG!!!
OMG I know! It's like so hard.. I tell you everything every freaking night and now I can't stupid signal  I need to get back 
@twiobsession I KNOW OMG! I want it earlier 2  i wanna see the midnight show :o
worked out for 40 mins today. OMG I AM SO OUT OF SHAPEEEE!  #health #exercise #fail #fml
@vancenebauer OMG im missing out  have funnz/
okay, so.. im @ my sisters place. And i think i might go crazy real soon..... i mean, OMG!!! I hate to be addicted to something 
OMG I officially hate train rides 
@Unibaby1984 OMG  hahaha. I'm gonna dm you my new pin!
OMG OMG my laksa friend just bailed on me!!! It's one of those days! 
@Monicarrrr OMG i actually didnt  aaaahahhaha next time!!!
The rain has gone away outside...but now there's rain inside   OMG today is already crazy!
what zit???  oh, OMG! 
@officialmgnfox OMG hun! im sooo sorry i love my kitty  what happend???? xx
OMG, I am soooooo sleepy!!  I came home early today, it's 1:40 pm... going to bed, I don't know what's going on... just don't feel good.  
@nicolamtan http://twitpic.com/8d3wv - OMG i am so fucking jealous right now you dont understand 
OMG my teacher told me that if I don't start submitting more assignments I'm gonna lose the privilege of doin class online 
OMG. today, the weather was really hot. but i went to reading room for study because i will have the important examination.  im so tired.
OMG..last night Brii fell down a flight of stairs at a relatives house  she is fine...just sore.
@_scene_queen_  haha lucky!  OMG my lover is in the hospital. 
@Karboso .. OMG! U were online forever!! I felt bad when I woke up this morning! I didn't know u were still online. I should've checked! 
@peacelovepink09 OMG LUCKYYYY!!! i haven't even got mine yet 
okay nvm house to myself my mom  is going out .. OMG !!!!! i see the sun !!!!! oo sad face it's gone lol I jinxs it 
OMG what a nightmare had to cancel my hair appointment ughhhh one of the hardest things to do 
OMG. thought i squashed my first cockroach ever. but apparently not. and it's now somewhere under my bed 
OMG cannot believe farrah fawcetts passed on , R.I.P        
OMG, I would have died!!! actually no, I take that back...I keep an updated version on my X:drive so it's all good 
Putting my RESUME in at foodworks tomorrow, omg, i hope i get it, i will be able to start earning money!  OMG!!!!! 
OMG! The best 80's leopard rara dress ever, don't want to sell it  xxx
@shiviee guitar hero is miiine biatch =p OMG imma get a microphone and the wii fit in the next week  V excited
OMG, I'm about to watch another fucking movie, my life is wasted away in other peoples story lines, AAAAAH, can't wait till P calls me 
OMG! im finally fuckin done..can u believe it? haha. im ready 2 go be a fatty now..im soo hungary 
@alessia89 OMG chase and cameron are getting married!!!!! awww 
@ThiaHeartsNick OMG that's awesome!! thanks for asking and tell us! 
OMG!!! there are helicopters and police cars roaming around my area:| something is going down!! ekk 
OMG after i freakin begged my hubby to watch twilight with me, he finally agreed! I finally watched it woo hoo 
OMG @britneyspears is &quot;Following&quot; me!!! 
OMG i just remembered as well, i saw a guy at work who had the EXACT same eyes as my fav lil vampire family  @_megzy yeaah its good so far
@khodgkin1 OMG! I love it! That is so freaking cute!  Thanks for sending that my way!
@roobyRIOT yeah, im getting train there and coach back i think. . im gonna sort it all out on tuesday . OMG, OMG OMG 
@taylorswift13 OMG! what music video? im so excited. 
@ajcirca93 OMG yay thanks 
OMG! I just met another displaced hockey mom. 
@Missyjo1973 http://twitpic.com/3lqrl - OMG! that's amazing! 
OMG I think I might actually be starting to get well!! 
@paulitawilhelm LMAO this kid at work calls me that... i don't even remember how it came up. OMG OMG 2 days? 
@jpmetz OMG! thanks for posting my look!! soo nice of you to include my name too  lol
mmmmm, hes hot, OMG thats the guy from the pool, OMG YES! whats his name? we will ask tomorrow 
@jessicuhx3 YES OMG,&lt;333 i fell on the floor, crying &lt;3 i loveeeeeloveloveveveveveve him 
@melbournegirl77 OMG I dont know if I could handle that many lol 
@TJMShow OMG, really! that's very exciting news --- lots of people very happy about that, i'm sure... CONGRATS! 
OMG! new to twitter need more followers please follow me 
@wayforward Yes she did!! OMG, so funny! 
first schoolday and I have to say OMG I missed my crazy class ... they are sooo strange  but I am too so it fits 
@billbeckett http://twitpic.com/3ncjw - OMG! that is amazing i want one 
@CaterinaFalcone You are taking vacation??? OMG it's about time! I'm not going to miss you bc you're gonna bring me starbucks everyday! 
OMG thee weatherr aree we havingg a heatwavee or suttinn  haha x
OMG the sea looks so gorgeous today, gently rippling and so clear. If it was 20 degrees warmer would be tempted to go for a swim 
OMG the swine flu is spreading.  14 people at the university of delaware have it.  i live right next to the univeristity.  im scared  ahh
@TheRue OMG she's absolutely ADORABLE!!!   
OMG! IDGAF! LOL. dear henny... please be my friend tonight. i'll love you forever 
OMG, went to bed at 8pm last night! Up for work now. And I feel somewhat better. The room isn't spinning anymore. 
@GlamourGirlNow OMG I almost died reading about your kiss last night! 
@MechanicalR OMG you must be very busy indeed....wish i could help 
@AlanCarr  OMG haha i'm going to 
@niccilovesmsu OMG! it's absolutely amazing! you have to asap! take care of the sin bin while i'm gone 
@flacabasta HAHAH!!! OMG! i hate you! LOLLL.. god that was funny.. poor star  HAHA
@mileycyrus OMG Atlantiss &lt;3! thats an awesome place  wish i could be there _
OMG i moved my room around  it looks soooo big now!! yay!
OMG, new layout on www.warrock.nl  http://bit.ly/qJt5c
OMG! @ItsChelseaStaub you do a amazing job in J.O.N.A.S 
@ENMagnifico you for sure do al. geeze you should know that already. the hawtness! OMG. 
@laperugina Lots better today   OMG!! I promise not to make any women driver jokes!! ;) You okay? {{{hugs}}}
getting ready to go out with my parents for a while. OMG the weight loss is great! HAHAH 
@ropiko OMG! are you still sleeping 0_0''? sweet dreams! 
@bloowind OMG really?? I'll go check it out nga 
@Juzzash OMG you used &quot;pique&quot; correctly. You are my new favourite twitterer 
@sharlynnx dont worry, we will get their attention soon  OMG i loved david's video *____* awesome song! can you play that one too?
@raspberrylove OMG!!! his video is amazing!!! He has awesome voiceee!!! thanks for the video  !!
@SoulLatin OMG I can't keep my eyes open. I think I'll take a nap while you work.  
omg 1: i think i just wrote music to a song 1 of my best friends once wrote!!! OMG!!! 
OMG... nothings better than coke with lots of ice 
OMG @oliviamunn is on twiter 
OMG, just watched the no.1 ladies detective agency with my family, it was so good! 
OMG. I just noticed @juliaroy sent me a message thanking me for @replying her about her new tweetweek background!  -faints-
@DonnieWahlberg OMG you are going to do a solo album? Really? That is awesome!! YAY!!! 
@melbelle2805 OMG I love that you tweeted that you have TWO classes with me!! Totally made me smile. 
@torriRAWR OMG apparantley green day are touring here in december..we are so going 
OMG. I got a explosion of new followers, hello new followers 
@abigvictory OMG that is toooo funny! 
OMG I would sooooo make dis show number one n da ratings 
OMG! i'm almost done with the last block on this quilt! Just a few hours of work left  i can't wait to meet my goal  
@PrinceSammie OMG its working 
@michaelsheen OMG that's really good i want to see the photos! have a nice day 
@xodedexo18 OMG, I get the $50 coupon from them all the time, do you?? I'm obsessed with their catalog when it comes in the mail 
OMG disco is PACKED!!! 
@NLiukin OMG so exctied 
@PicSeshu OMG they are amazing... thank you so much for sharing 
OMG, I'm so glad there's no more IT work to do 
#mw2 OMG i watch nfl  dunt like nba much
@xsparkage OMG - so would I!  I'll bet you get some           nice fanmail though.  
tried on the shoes....OMG!!! AMAZINGness..pic will be up later 
@TheRealJordin OMG I just listened to the song and it is AMAZINGGGGGGG!! I'll definitely buy it tomorrow or after midnight today. 
@aileen2u2 lol  This is freaky!!! OMG I've only heard from @WTFJAY and that's it.  I though every1 unfollowed!
@officialTila oh i am the same way!!!! I am defently a home-body person.... OMG we are sooo much alike! I'm so glad you came on 
just got home from work.  OMG!  I can't believe I finished reading a book.  Yay! I'm so proud of myself.  
@pinkbunny69 OMG! as ive read this, a podcast has just come on, and my itunes is on shuffle  yay. erm no idea love, what d.loads are they?
OMG it's really summer ! It's so hot outside that I had to wear shorts today  I LOVE summer !
@shamara99 OMG even @humble83 's voice is sexy, flawless...i think i jus had an ear orgasm LOL..luv tht he was humble bout winning too 
@_memoria all of my posts revolve around reality tv, the jonas brothers, and long island. I say OMG at least once in every post too. 
OMG!! It was the 2nd time i gone surffing and this times was even better!! 
@pinchofposh; HEHE im excited too but not for the show to see gfs!  OMG
@newyorkwriter  OMG i found it.  Thanks 
@savvyfatty OMG i had those exact pair ! hahahahaa... wow... stop it, time flies when you're having fun! 
@ardeming http://twitpic.com/5cdax - OMG looks so great!! 
@my_candyboxx OMG! I saw the pictures. So funny 
@lilpeadot OMG!! 
@johncmayer OMG! your tweets are so hilarious! 
@mrolv OMG! it was amazing! they performed 2 songs of their new cd and i overall loved it! lol!  x
@quix http://twitpic.com/5dbay - OMG! I remember her! She was one of my favorites...quite kooky 
@PaulPunktastic OMG! you got in there first!  i shall go read it nowww.
@ifyoucanmeet OMG he did?!!? We'll have to hunt that picture down!! 
OMG , i love the band 3oh!3 , if u have never heard there music b2 , check it out , they are fabulous  ?
Just cleaned out the fridge and tv and packed it to send home. OMG I can't believe I'm leaving in two days! Just two years left!!! 
Just cleaned out the fridge and tv and packed it to send home. OMG I can't believe I'm leaving in two days! Just two years left!!! 
OMG my internet stopped working i turn on and then hear paranoid 
OMG,  last night was soo cool  haha.
@esmeeworld  OMG that was so cool  you gave a shout out to me !! ? lovee yaa !
OMG I love the random article feature of howstuffworks.com 
@sumardi yerp! OMG! u're in too.. great! now i can ask u in real time conversation 
@MisterRodriguez it's good. Like OMG good!! 
@lauredhel OMG, some of those shirts are v. funneh. I love smart assedness. 
@eveiscoolest OMG thats awesome work . . . can totally see the difference 
@officialSPChuck OMG! Chuckkk. you met mileyy. :O i love her so much xD that's awesome my fave drummer with my 2nd fave singer.  yay.
@bogwhoppit OMG your so right ,I shouldnt but thinking of her getting it banned has bought a smile to my face because its so ridiculous 
@EllenPageonline OMG you're bloody brilliant! it's not fair save some witty banter for us xdd you're flipping awesome #EllenPage!!  word.
OMG! 5O FOLLWERS?! wow! i know a lot of you people have more followers than me, but I&quot;m still very happy! 
@barbfh   OMG - you are decadent, girl!   
OMG i studyed for over an hour, it just so happened one tree hill was on in the background 
@icount4myearth Going for a run at 5 30! OMG!  hats off to you, i can hardly open my eyes at 7!
@JenniferJ13 OMG you were what?! thats sooo cool  hope you had a good time? were u able to talk to them?
#musicmonday the sensitive kind - santana   OMG what a track
@Caitlinjstasey OMG you replied! You're so nice, 
@anniemacdj OMG! i cant wait 4 jonas broz on ur show next week!.u were talkin 2 my twin sis der rio &amp; u r her idol &amp; mine of course! 
OMG. I feel stupid thanks to mariel. whom I call dog. haha. 
OMG my britney tickets have finally come  3 weeks!
OMG, a few hours to see four of my idols 
@laienne hgskfhkfhk!!! OMG, you look gorgeous in that piratey outfit!    Also, I am so jealous of your pancakes 
@archmazing  d.c.!!! OMG!  i love them..
OMG! OMG! They're outttt! @bashywah! you guys look so gooooood. Loveittt! loveittt! loveittt! 
@ohappleda OMG lets go see wicked together! i really wanna see it again 
OMG @swtme03 gotta love her....she is so messed up right now...took lots of pics 
#FollowFriday @nik_kee_dee cos she plays the bass in HOTPANTS!??? OMG! 
@nileshbabu OMG I was tweeting to a real princess @zatashah - now I'm impressed! 
wow jus entered comp to see short stack at take 40 lounge OMG i so hope i win 
off to school!! OMG!! today is follow friday!!  excited. 
OMG OMG OMG this &quot;luck&quot; TOTALLY makes up for any bad feelings i felt last night. i hope it lasts 
@smbutler OMG! best feeling - last day of school! yay to summer vacation 
@LuciiLime OMG!! I like it  OMG OMG I'm so excited!!!!! xxxx
OMG! &lt;&lt;so excited&gt;&gt; He is coming for a few days!  I can't wait!
@billglover OMG, you totally read my mind! (re: myself  of course  )
@DavidArchie OMG! $50,00 for charity? wow! You're so generous. lol. 
@thelmarockz wheres it gonna be at?!  OMG,i wanna see yu with yer dress 
 got tons of baby clothes...OMG i can't wait for my baby boy!
@LADYoftheDARK OMG you are my hero then &lt;3 take your time, dont worry  &lt;33333
@nora_AT OMG! no way!! skins  im so happy they have a twitter!!
@edluvsulots Ah! OMG! I didn't know you had a twitter! 
OMG..im burning this cd for work tomorrow..mary j., miseducation of lauryn hill..good day tomorrow 
@laurenkristi OMG i loved the last girl from day one! ;aksdjf;aldjksfa;jkdsf, I like died. ahahaha, and brandon dumlao got in!! 
has finished her exams and first year of uni!! OMG!! 
@papermelody OMG JAMMIE TWIIIIIIIIIIIINS  how cumfy and warm and soft are they  I chose them cuz they match the tops for my other ones!
OMG for some reason i really like facebook 
@loumongello OMG this video was awesome-the quality was amazing and it was so entertaining-&quot;you can't touch this &quot; video thanks lou 
