Most common words for this cluster:
[('omg', 777), ('na', 41), ('lol', 40), ('today', 31), ('day', 29), ('work', 25), ('time', 20), ('u', 20), ('n', 18), ('way', 17), ('amp', 17), ('i', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Omg', 0.999925971031189), (u'miley', 0.6893556714057922), (u'zac_efron', 0.68023282289505), (u'katyperry', 0.6776269674301147), (u'luv_u', 0.6660835146903992), (u'megan_fox', 0.664154052734375), (u'gurl', 0.6624369025230408), (u'chris_brown', 0.6622848510742188), (u'taylor_swift', 0.6621547341346741), (u'robert_pattinson', 0.6613332629203796)]





@CarVin1 lol they are some emotional ass men!! Omg all this late night eating.. Both of us are broke 
Omg the hills! Then I love money2, aww I think becky buckwild goes 
Omg revisions revisions revisions! I feel like I wasted an amazingly beautiful day today doing pointless work 
Omg house what did I ever do to you   
Omg its raining 
Omg worst party ever!!! I just wasted 20 dollars!!! It's takes me a month to work for that!!! 
Omg tennesse is another kansas!  ugh. Six more hours left! *Marz*
Omg going to metro now 
Omg i'm so sorry for fob's concert..omg  i'm really sad.
Omg why wats going on people    http://tinyurl.com/d5x6wl
Omg just ate a massive amount of junkfood  am gonna stay in tonight and watch the thunderbirds dvd!
Omg chuck got beat  I'm so sad for him he's a good guy but time to retire!!!! xo
Omg hangover from hell.  and I think I had bad meat.
Omg hip still hurts! hopefully it will feel better soon 
Omg I'm watching old ppl dance ecuadorian music  help
Omg! idk where u r n I wish I culd tell u in persn but im deeply sry 4 evrythin hope u can 4 giv me n I wish u the best sincerely *tears* 
@AndyVV Omg no! where am I to download stuffs from nao? 
Omg.... I messed up my wrist when I was bowling today..... I didn't mean to.... I shouldn't have done that move! gah.......... 
Omg my door is locked and the keys aren't working.. :s 
Omg i feel like death 
@needtobehigh Omg  i hope he's ok
Omg sooo tired rite now  shitty sleep last nite i guess.
Omg, I look a proper mess today. And its college 
Omg I rly am the only student on school. This is so awkward and creepy. 
Omg I think I like 2 of my teachers 
Omg squidbillys is on! I haven't watched this show for awhile, dang I missed aqua teen 
Omg I am really bored 
Omg it's raining hella hard. Wtf 
Omg I ate something that did me noo good, I'm sick in bed my tummy hurts soo much 
Omg mah feets hurt i needz vacation 
Omg...I busted by knee tryin to get to my house in the rain. It hurts soooooo bad! 
Omg its so hot  still rather be in spain  lol!
Omg there is a pic of tulia nd everything  tulisa we love u xxx
@sandoi Omg thats really irritating ! 
Omg what is with the crazy people dying dreams  makes me cry!
Omg I REALLY need to go shopping soon  actually haven't purchased anything for myself since feb. And I'm a girl!!! Ahhh
Omg!  i haven seen either
Omg...my fish is dying. Its so sad 
@goodgrlgoneblog I'm so glad u watched it! Omg I know I was freaking out!! The season can't b over!! 
@paigefails Omg....i have it stuck in my head now 
Omg what the hell is going on? 
Omg I'm getting a really bad cough you guys 
Omg i cant sleep but i need to real bad - help! this sucks 
Omg i sooo dnt wanna go 2 work 2moro going 2 get teased soo bad 4 reversing n2 a work mates karr 
@johnny3rd oh good one. It's flat and has a weird taste. Omg i'm poisoned. 
Omg i cant wait forr freaking summer. ! ugh i hate sundays !  grrr
Omg,,im watching something soo weird 
Omg juss ate da best cookiez eva made! But I don't no da name of it 
Omg I dnt feel like going to da movies 
Omg! i have the headache from HELL!  &amp; it wont go away ((
Omg I'm miserable  considering I'm sick, sleep should be my friend... But no it hates me lol
@mileyobsessed haha ya. Omg too bad I didn't meet him  my friends did though :p
feels sad. Omg you made me cry.  http://plurk.com/p/rrnyr
@AritsBrown Lol fine. But we have to go bowling again. Omg remember I threw the ball backwards! 
Omg, could my neck be any more sore? I knew I should've sat down when I was counting down after work. 
Omg (in my ultra white girl voice) I'm so tired  had 2 hours of sleep and been runnin all day, at least I had some good food at houstons
@simonelrp: haha, I'm not fabulous..aw, you need to feel better! I don't like it when people feel bad  Omg, I absolutely love, love, LOVE
Omg cats are cool 
Omg!!! I got sunburned like a bitch!! I'm fucking crispy!!  
Omg I've been up so long is it not lunch time yet?  x
Omg eceryones in bed 
Omg... I totally just killed the first bird with my car on 420 and chester pike 
Kimi is out?? Why? Omg his car sounds horrible!  #f1
Omg my poor car   http://twitpic.com/4x0cl
Omg man just finished work and me andhattie helped 2 baby girls fix their bikes but failed and now i'm covered in oil  now im walkin home
@younghsmith Yup, imma b in the bldg!!! Omg, she's not coming... Doesn't have a babysitter 
Omg my laptop has a virus I have no idea how to fix this I aint got protection 
Omg just finished exams! Chinese paper 2 was so hard!  and I think I screwed up my eng essay. - http://tweet.sg
@angelaclashes Omg, hope it's not too bad!  I'll visit you after this craziness is over!
Omg this is so weird  twitter sucks today!
Omg. I just woke up. I'm stillllll drunk from when I passed out at 9. And I feel like shitt 
Omg...on my way hm I drove to carls jr-drive thru was closed  went to 7-11 they were closed too  Then found out the power went out!!!
Omg! I can't believe hilarie burton n chad murray are leaving one tree hill!  
Omg, they have wake me up... and I don't want 2, LOL 
Omg my stomach is amgry at me. 
Omg  i didn't even update tday. I stayed home to watch EU  going sentosa tmr &lt;3
@tamesha2009 your welcome! Omg that happened to me last night  and im still upset and sad about it too rawrr.
Omg just watched grey's anatomy season finale and it was so shocking...so haunting fuck 
There is a helicoptor above my house shining that search light everywhere! Omg... 
The last day of my work marathon! Omg I'm so tired  and I've pressed snooze too many times! Why did they invent that button?!
Omg the electrcty havent connectd yet, i hate being alone in the dark this way 
Omg i had the scariest dream in the history of scary dreams. 
Omg. I've got some rash on my arms.  - http://tweet.sg
Omg fucking fire alarm  I've only slept 2 hours but I only have 1.5 hours left before I gotta wake up 
Omg my head is pounding  at least I'm not nauseous
Omg. I HATE this. 
Omg I just rain into the screen door 
Omg.....eric is graduating today..... 
Omg I have the worst luck with cars 
Omg  I killed a mouse  on accident. I feel so bad. I almost cried but didn't because I would be embarrassed. I'm so sorry mouse :'(
Omg n dubz and tinchy aint number one nomore that is not fair   well there stil lnumber one in my heart sooo love dappy xxx
Omg n dubz and tinchy aint number one nomore that is not fair   well there stil lnumber one in my heart sooo.. I  love dappy xx
Omg earthquake 
@missmuffinfuck Omg, I totally let myself do the same depression-induced no-gym thing   BAD. BADBADBAD.
Omg we have to put my bb belle in her crate tonight and her crying is breaking my heart 
Omg that was so scary i thought someone was hurt 
Omg two weeks In rest I'm still on bed 
Omg my back hurts cant sleep  farmgirl@&lt;3
::Omg sleepy as heck &amp;&amp; I did not get 2 talk 2 my baby 
Omg the seats in northrop are so uncomfortable.. 
Why is everyone in highschool so immature? Omg and to think i have another year of this 
Omg :o been gone sooo long  sorry twitters ya forgive me?? Lol
Omg it is way too early to be up 
Omg my sister went into labour at 27weeks be strong little locklan  everything will be ok we all love u
Omg. It's not even 6, yet. 
No idea how to use blogger via email  anyone knows?? Last exam!! Omg, first year over!
Omg! I'm still drunk! No more drink 4 me 4 a while 
Omg its so scary outside  there's a thunderstorm going on!!!
Omg its raining cats &amp; dogs gonna have to wait to get on the road 
going to work. Omg I really don't wanna! 
Omg why is this weather so disgusting today???? Looks like I'm going to have to pull out the rainboots 
@ jojo end of year program pre k 3s..:: saint john vianny.2009.alinas graduation tonite ! Omg  !!
Omg I'm so tired I didn't wanna do all this stuff last min but it ended up happening  still in the Riv...drivin to the hotel soon
Omg so much stuff to do... tomorrow is my spanish lit test(w/ 70+ vocab words), thursday is my oral presentation and also calc test 
@Komputo Omg I just realized I'm shorter than I thought. And standing next to you makes me feel a little shorter than I really am 
Omg I need too side bar for a min gravity is working against me and gravity wants to bring me down 
Omg the secret garden is on. I missed half of it tho 
Omg grr my parents left probably 15 minutes ago to belgium and typical i wake up a stupid o'clock 
Is now crying  Omg I am fed up with this pain !!! 
Omg, I'm a murdere! I accidently just killed a spider 
Omg its so gross out. no  relays tonight!
@BeckyBuckwild Omg Beckky i love you! you should've won the 250G's  i was rootin for you.. hows things going?
On the way back to dublin Omg didnt hit the bed until 530  so i am so sleepy   but once again on the road back to good ole  dublin :-p ...
Omg my head still hurts, i need to get my comics today so i got to hurry  lol
Meeting my best friend first thing in the morning to the gym! Omg I am still so shocked. I hope you will get better soon 
Omg i'm so sad. I jus took in that gossip girl is done 
Omg after all this searching, still can't find what I am looking for. 
Omg I just woke up after only sleeping for 3hrs, and my arm is just aching... It hurts so bad 
@MIssKatherine Omg granddads bday was epic lol. &amp; no i havent heard anything yet so i dont think 
Omg ! BGT making me cry  . That wee girl  it's soo sad.
Omg i just seen the sun and the moon in the same place  this disproves my theory that they are the same person
Omg what is up with parents today !  I've been fighting with mine 
Omg, little kids with cancer is the saddest thing ever 
@Amanduuhhh Omg same here! They hurt so much 
Omg I can't believe jay leno is going off the air 
Omg guys my internet has been down the whole day  It's still not working  I'll try fix 2m
Omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm
@markymark7 Omg really??  I sowwy! I'll do it again! :-p I was tired when I did that this morning. :-p lol!
Omg, someone just left me a voicemail at work    ffs let me have a day off
Omg they know so many words now where did the time go  here's some of there words money ball keys.
Omg you guys keep talking about food! WTH I'm hungry again 
Omg craziness in my life and in my friends'. 
Omg I want @FloodedLungs new Sidekick 
@Mskarinmk Omg i cant believe that nasty old man asked me that like seriously WOW . theres no way i look like a porn star 
Omg that half time special was so sad   i shed a couple tears!
Omg! I'm such an idiot. I deleted the recycle bin off my lappy. 
Omg my life just ended. They've discontinued melon syrup: the key ingredient in my green tea latte.  
@TheLonelyGnome I don't know but it makes me really sad.. I hope not! Omg 
Omg up was so sad!!! Moody and i were crying  wish u were here, @ws_passenger and @michee_7 !
Omg lost season 4 is making no fucking sense! Ep 7 brought me to tears and made my jawww dropppp! Omg  I don't understand!!
Omg @steponmeboo I'm sorrrrry for spilling wine all over your boobs  I owe you a drink!
@AdamGoldston Omg  mr goldston i just saw drag me to hell and i screamed so much im losing my voice i know im going to have nightmares 
Omg it's raining and I just washed my car.. 
Omg i havent slept in in so long i forgot how to!.....rotted 
Omg drama on top of drama tonight! Movies to king taco to drama to cops and a fucked up bike to jenny going to jail 
Omg guys, I'm so getting sick ;~~;. I'm forever cold these days and I've been sneezing like a wet dog for the past couple of days 
Omg, my stomach hurts so bad. &gt;_&lt;  I predict that today is going to be a bad day. 
Omg I feel sooo sorry for this little girl she has a tompel as big as 2 of my fingers on her forehead 
Omg the ambulance was for a baby 
@Ravenatic Omg that is horrible!! 
@HerardJoseph Omg, I don't want 2!!! I want 2 run back n apologize 4 ever even thinking about leaving!!! 
Omg !!!  argggg!!! Class since 10 till 12 xtremely sleepy!
Omg. it's SO annoying when you get in trouble for having a messy room. like honestly who (other than me) goes in my room? it's not fair 
Omg too hot  I don't do hot weather.
Backkk  Omg I got eaten by nats! 
Omg..   This is the worst possible time for me to be this sick..  
Omg i just found out that one of our regular customers died.  she was so nice and friendly, and only 50 years old..
Omg, seriously..@DarrenRuane twitpics are making me jealous.. i wanna travel so badddd... 
I dont like flawless  Omg i just found out what holly did the other night  on BGT
http://twitpic.com/69sx8 - Omg my feel hurt so bad from these bebe hillz i had on last night... 
Omg I feel like poop (still). I hate being sick! 
Omg this time 2mrw night i will have school 2mrw 
@sammy_ammy_ooh: Omg the one where it has people crying in it and its playing that jackson five song? Its so sad. 
Omg Omg &gt;  wow grr!? Ugh ugh ugh! I'm sowies  *hug &amp; xo*   Whats up with the parents lately? 
@bowwow614 Omg I knew their whole album!!! I miss them 
Omg some little boy got hit by a car in the waldbaums parking lot I feel soo bad for him 
Omg i think i'm going to be sick.  I'm going to go hide now. #wtf
Omg...going off 3 hrs sleep  seeing my guys was worth it though!
Omg!!! I just hit a butterfly!  LOL
History project with whit! Omg I'm sooo full 
Omg my little cousin is missing 
Omg i hate me. Now i hate 3 men  the goddess can be so cruel
Omg too much food!  MoRgAn&lt;3
Omg :'( if my mom takes this deal and everything works out then we have to be gone by july 15 
Omg I want to go home at my brothers friends house 
Omg I'm getting a headache...10 people in a room and it sounds like 10000000000000000000000000000 
@jackles Omg!!  I hope you're okay! &lt;3
@chellemenke hahaha.. Omg they are the worst!!! I hate them too!  I'm sorry. if you take the plastic part out it gives you a lil more room
Omg. my right arm is so sore and hurts soo bad from arm wrestling last nite. 
Omg the power is out again! This is the 2nd time I have lost my data! 
Omg I feel soooooo shitty 
http://twitpic.com/6ay9j - Omg do want this wrx that was at ea 
Omg ow. I just put my retainers in for the first time in like three days 
Omg what the heck is up with twitter tonight i'm missing theparty  #mmwanted
Omg my tired popped on the freeway..... I'm at big I right now... I was so scared 
My blackberry is drivn me nutz ! Omg  works 5min out of the day  ! !
Why this man was talkin to me and his gums started bleedin. Omg it was all leakin down his toof. I went home and brushd my teef. 
Omg worst headache ever, cant wait to go home 
Omg he just called me and i didnt answer! 
Omg today didn't go so well at work and its not over yet 
Omg,this hayfever is killing me!! 
Omg drama good thing for vodka y turkey sauge nice after soccer game jejjje.except allergies... 
@AntBoogieWorld Hii sweet heart! how are you? one question! will be new choreography in the sticky and sweet? Omg! sorry for my english! 
Omg this us bard 
Omg! I cannot stop coughing! 
@ash2good99 Omg good! the army is shit! thank god youve come to youre senses! why are things bad? 
Omg. its 2am. i got home @ like 11. how did it get to be 2?! now i will only get 5 hrs of sleep. 
Omg everyone HATES me as a blonde slut. I keep getting people staring at me, and I smile at them and then they just give me a dirty look. 
Heading home   Omg i have to be back at work in 6 hours   ily &lt;('-')&gt;
Omg falling asleep  There's a bug that can bite you and make you trip out? is that true!!!
Omg no one is on twitter. 
Omg got loads of stuff to do exams tomorrow 
Omg, I want to get my hair lightened so bad. 
Omg. I can feel his heart breaking.  .......i am way too into this right now. Lol
Omg! my greenhouse just got blown over so now all my plants are ruined 
Omg I have to go to school tomoz and I have just had a week off 
Omg! Bffs leaving today  guess its time to get back to work
Omg practice cancelled 
@GeeEasy lmao. Omg and I thought sh didn't know *side ete* I believed her 
Omg the sat is this saturday. 
Omg it got so cold in 1.5 seconds!! 
Omg a baby shitz zut passed out cuz of his reaction to his shot  poor baby
@danerthegreat oh shit i didn't realize we were in the same math class. Omg i do have to study 
Omg 7.06am this is the earlyest I've been up in ages! 
Omg I feel so bad it's so early 
@KirstieMAllsopp Omg of course they're real who said they're not 
@qichelle http://twitpic.com/6ddb0 - Omg I need this now! Nowww lmao I totally had something like this but my butt grew 
Omg I've been on my sidekick for almost 5 hours straight, I mean its sunday &amp; there's nothing to do 
Omg my internet is being mean again 
Omg this game is sad  #fb
@domosborn Omg. I am awesme but I'm goin back to school tomoz.  do you have a utube channel? How u??
@vivialnl the next one?! Omg too soon I didn't read book 6 and 7 
Omg I am realllllllllllllllllllly sleepy 
@sgBEAT:bluepirate lol. I know! Omg. I want to earn money. 
Omg xiner's going to kill me and i think my eyeliner is uneven  - http://tweet.sg
Omg, why does voting day have to be the same day as my final exam 
Omg can't sleep worst migraine ever!!!!  ahhh. It's miserable!
Omg, I found a swallow with a broken wing on my way home, that's so sad, poor little fella! 
Omg I just looked in the mirror and realised the big dark patches under my eyes! I need to start going to bed earlier...! 
Omg I superglued my phone and now the 'down' button feels weird 
Omg have you heard about that plane?? 
uggg I am so burnd my face isnt burnd but my body is omg it hurts so bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wow life sux Omg im starting to like W*** again!!
@beatle64 No water? Omg, does that mean you're dead now? 
Omg I feel like my wrist Is broken! Ouch it really hurts... What should I do? Any small movement hurts  help!
@mitchelmusso Omg so cool !!! i wish i could go but i live in Argentina  are you coming here??
Yea dnt matter. Omg my gramezy just burned something nd it make my nose hurt 
Omg my face is getting fat and so is the rest of me  no more slacking, I'm gettin back into my size 8's!
Omg the tears  Billy always gets it in the face 
#WSOP4  Omg so many players  I m waiting to see the final table but that could keep for a long time 
Omg i have just had the biggest moth on my cellin ever and now im gettin shouted at, its hardly my fault 
Omg I can barely talk  and am so tiiiiiiirrreddd
Omg yoooooooooo a gay guy hit on me at work.  not cool man
@RatPackKristen Omg dude, I wish I could pull off a short-do. I think my face is too awkward though! 
@myalynn Omg i dont want a passport to go see my dad  stick it to the man!
Omg my matt is leaving  im going to miss him ~&lt;3sara&lt;3~
Omg. I shouldn't have tried to nap. I just want to sleep all night now. 
@seekelseytweet Omg I'm really sorry 
Omg, I hate cramps. I'm so nauseated right now 
@onerepublicyea Omg I saw that on the news today! That's soooo messed up  Over 220 lives lost!
Omg you ruined the secret.  hmmmph remember I need a hug tomorrow
Omg I have 1 hour left?! WTF bro I thought it was way later! 
Omg i kno please its noo fun wen u guys r mad 
Omg my child just dropped my laptop and my screen is smashed!! Omg I wanna cry  uuggh
Omg.  im so hurt Idk even what to think.
Omg Rpattz was supposed to do jizz in my pants?! What a cruel world we live in that it didn't happen 
(@ComeDriveMeWild) Omg Rpattz was supposed to do jizz in my pants?! What a cruel world we live in that it didn't happen 
@SherryHorror Omg I know. Thats why my bangs are pretty much gone. They melted off. 
Omg.. I'm such a messy eater.. I got brownie on my shirt 
I'm not sure   ugh . . . . I just want isaac to know that i'm sorry   Omg i wish i had him in my arms. 
adri? I'm worried?  Omg 
Omg  i'm already crying? Fuck Omg 
mel ? Are you headed over there?   Omg? ?  
Omg?  i'm so fucking worried? ? 
I am too !  Omg.  you have no idea   please tell us whats wrong??
Omg my brother came in my room and stole all my stuffed aimals except the pink ones 
...Omg I aint pasted for a while  well basically I'm runnin late to leave lol wot I do religously ;)
Omg i think theres a stray puppy under the house! 
Omg my head hurts 
Omg, chemistry revision is so fucking boring.  x
Omg it hurts sooo much    been up since 5 because of it. Owwwch
Omg im late!!! Its nt my fault tho my babii wz feelin ill again.., 
Omg, nooo its raining  damnit atleast wait till I leave shhh...hope there no tuberlance.. :x
Omg im in the bathroom and this poor girl is crying bc her boyfriend is a douche. 
@ilyChrisBreezy Omg noo way tht wud have been even more amazin then if we had gone on ya b-dai  oh well always next year, wuu2 ?  xx
Omg I am radiating heat. So sore 
Omg I have a magraine out this world n all famn light in this damn building is not helpin  I just want 2 hide under my blunket
Omg. Three completes, two stops so far. Its only 8.     stop talking to me people lol i need to catch my breath.
Omg r u watching earth 2100?! U should be! O lord help our kids! 
Omg some random cholo creeper followed me home to ask for my number! i walked into my neighbors house so he didnt know my real house 
Is totaly embarassed ....  Omg
@FrankMaresca Omg u guys arguing is making me sad. 
Omg need sleep  shouldn't of had nap yesterday, didn't getv to sleep til gonne 1am  wish I didn't have work today 12.5hr shift uurrgghhh
Omg I'm sorry  I'm sleepy now @ContrabandKing
Omg my family is already forgetting about me with the new grandchild that's comibg along  better not be born on my birthday jerk! Lol
Omg crackers i miss juu and that stinky dog on the road  
Omg drag me to hell is such a good movie!! :0 I was soo scared!  I'm not gonna be able to sleep 
Omg, I'm finally starting to realize I'm done with high school and its sad! I'm gonna miss it 
@misskeribaby Omg!!! I just seen that movie on bootlege... but I didn't have the glasses 
Omg why am i such a baby when it comes to movies? It wasn't even scary, but someone got shot and now i'm scared 
Omg I'm scared  so much rumbling!
Omg I've been up since 4 : / and I got court at 9 
Omg my crackberry is going dead nAnd I don't have my charger darn pandora radio!!! NOOOOoooooooo  http://myloc.me/2s83
Omg! i ran out of hairspray 
Omg I just woke up hahahaha. I die I have no time for HR! 
Omg my alergies started kicking my ass finally this morning  I was starting to think they might not bother me this year.
Omg now it's my mum &amp; bro's turn to get chicken pox. &amp; my sis went for an operation so they're all stuck at my grandma's house! 
Omg I'm literally can having a baby first in this kinda traffic ! It takes like forever !!  , I'm sorry j !
Omg y am I up so early 
Omg can this bus go any slower? I'm late for work 
Omg I'm so tired of this rude migraine an its over my right eye!  go away!
at the hair dresser. Omg my haaair 
@JadeeJonasss Omg serious! shit i aint guna know when yu have left yur house  ohh darnn it course i will txt her no probs x
Omg. I just had my last nutrition break of my senior year. Things. Are moving so fast. 
@lynne90 Omg, I didn't know the V's sang '4ever'. I'm sure it's off a film i've got but can't think. 
Omg this is the 2nd to last day of school 
At grad practice! Omg, it's finally hitting me after seeing that sign 
Omg! I had this horrible nightmare that my friends all ate a 24'' pizza right in front of me and didn't share! 
Omg I thing the reincarnation of coolio circa 1991 is in the park and taking pictures of me  what do I doooo I hate creepos!!
Starting work Omg and i have the biggest headace. 
Omg, just forgot that I left my chapstick at home 
Omg such a boaring friday night!  but tomorrow sould be good! (: x
Omg it's raining like crazy  the streets are full of water http://twitpic.com/6oyud
@greenaero Omg me too. I was unemployed as of 4:30 today 
Omg get me out of central its chav city really funny, everyone looks like they're on something want to go home now 
It smells like lucas in this room. Omg I miss him so much already! 
@Shannendohertyy Omg really !  I would be happy but i wouldnt get a tickt like
Omg camden is soo depressing  just watch a girls boyfriend beat her azz
Omg im, screaming sooo much! This movie is scary!!! 
Omg epic fail right there 
Omg snipe huntting, haha, this movie makes me think of you 
@DorianAlan Omg. But I want to go in tha pool too! 
Omg sherlane can't take the car out.. I'm hella hungry. I really wanted to go out and eat 
Omg today such a bad day. Nothing went right  hopefully tomarow when i start my day at 8 in the morning it will be better
Omg I want to make another baby so bad but I'm almost 45 &amp; my uterus is getting old!!!! 
Omg work is hella busy my stomach is starting to hurt  glad i'm on break
Omg I totally forgot to turn my form in 
CONGRATS SHINEE!! Omg Onew T-T and taemin's hair is weird 
Omg the week has gone by so fast! I don't want to leave yet 
@TyCody Omg.. where are you in my life? This MIA shit needs to stop!!!  I hope you're well hun!
Omg... This is why I love my friends.@JetSetSocialite  wish you came with 
Omg not happy right now 
Omg my brain age is 80 
Omg there playing james brown at this wedding and there is a kid here that looks like @bradiewebbstack i hugged him so much lol 
Omg... I barely remember wat my wife looks like 
Omg..just had my 1st motorcycle ride yo..maaaad fun! Lol..driver was a cutie..sry no pics  o yea..am I still sore frm my tatt? Fuuuuk yea!
Omg I hate cars. They make me sick 
Omg I did not sleep  and now its already morning  wtf.
Omg I am so tired I hate work 
Omg... im on the way to the airport and I forgot my phone charge  im dead
Omg i just killed a bird going to da bank  i always feared that  http://myloc.me/2MWH
Omg i'm breaking out again  When will I have my normal skin back?!?!
Omg plz pray for my BFF he had an asthma attack last nite at wrk...he isn't doin so gud so plzz I askk u thnx 
Omg I don't have anything for breakfast  whose takin me out??
Omg i found a doner kebab pop noodle!...not that nice though 
Omg tickets to  miley concert are so expensive 
Omg I suck @ group interview' 
My fucking friend got me it trouble for him looking at porn. Omg.  tthomasgalassoo
Omg now im really gonna miss all my 09ers *tear*   *Brit@nny*
@starsmilee Omg .. that's so sad    , i love babies too .. why happend this? so sad.
Omg! This song is scary!  Its creeping me out big style....
Omg.  pictures make me cry 
Omg study study study  i wanna go out with him and him and him lmao hahaha
Omg comp.grades.are.here. 
Omg, stupid twat security keeps stopping me from recording! 
Omg it is way to far from new orleans to mena. I miss my bff 
Omg..why do I have such thick hair..highlighting it is a brutal 3 hour ordeal 
Omg the new terminator film is rubbish!im gutted 
Omg i sorry julieee bout the weird stomach pains 
Omg, she gone call me telling me it's an intermission. I thought it was over 
Omg thunder how scary  I hate thunder storms
Omg sooo tired. Lilybug didnt wanna take nap, so I couldnt take my nap 
Omg. I would prolly cry so hard and die if i was burried alive. 
@stagepresence1 Omg your tweeting from you new phone. I'm so jealous.  Lol.
Omg the littlebfat boy from the food&amp;nutrition video actually makes me want to cry!  poor guy
Omg lawler got caught 
Omg the train guy that takes u to ur car in da parking lot its so annoying. 
Omg been here 3 hours and 3 red bulls and still xhaustd! 
@Issaaa Omg, what happened? 
Omg! I want some Thiftys ice cream 
Omg i think theres a mouse in my closet-no lie I can hear tiny movement &amp; its either a mouse or a ghost  im afraid to leave my bed!
Omg my power cord isn't working anymore. I will die without my computer 
Omg no more korean parties pleeease. I wore my low shoes too!! 
it's only 1 and I'm already home!!!!! Omg I miss my id 
Omg i need omgpop...i'm on my way. Lol i fell asleep last night 
Omg my stars for this week just depressed me 
Omg....I feel bad for my hubby right now   trying to fall back asleep....
Omg I'm so fucking tired &amp; I have to be here for at least 2.5 more hours. Not sure how I'm gonna make it without falling asleep. 
Omg i need sleep but i work at 10 
Omg. I think I got my doggy sick!  Can that happen??
Omg i wish i had xanax 
Omg u leave on millies 3 month b-day  
@carlymichele he died?! Omg 
Omg just realised i have french 2moza  and english  and maths  and geography  and technology 
Omg creepy guy just tried to talk to me. I called my sister 
Omg!! byee weekend .... of return to the sad reality 
Omg. I just sneezed and shit my pants. 
Omg my ipod froze on the bus. Now I'm bored and I brought it to the club w me for nothing 
Omg  i have no twit frenz lol 
Omg....i think im still in a food coma from eating in n out 
Omg I tight I went to that wack boat ride n not summer jam everyones sayin @therealyoungjeezy killed it smh dam I miss that 
Omg it feels so weird coming to walmart without my best friend 
@Yaniill Omg are you serious. We could've drank it 
Omg...I've just realised there's only 3 more days before the last time I'll see her. 
Omg my bed feels amazing to bad I have to be awake at 8am 
Omg its thundering and raining really bad now 
Omg I'm still feeling sick  I got better since my last update but i caught it again whilst at the athletics carnival which btw was boring!
Omg its going to be a baaaaaad monday 
Omg only 3 more days of school and we are out. I am guna miss everyone of my best friends !!  tear tear
Omg...lol this little girl next to me told me that her family moved to houston so the bad people would quit chasing her 
Omg wearing pants today is killing me 
Omg their so amazing 
Omg their younger brother is sucha hero!!! 
@amazingXadam Omg that sounds amazing! I get to have oreos and milk.  lol
Omg this dude ernesto is driving me crazy 
Omg I just popped my ankle coming dwnstairs to the living room...it freakin huurts!! I needa motrin...  
Omg my bff just said he wouldn't kiss me @NasVegas 
Omg how sad is that rhys jones programme 
Omg i just walked in the boys bathroom by accident 
Omg, this bastard crow is attacking/trying to eat this tiny lil bird 
Omg so its raining n I'm supposed to go out tonite smh y does this always happen to me 
Omg!!watching &quot;why did i get married&quot; so emotional 
Omg it is so boring 
Omg... I'm sooo ready to go home! 
Omg thee most craziest thing is happening, i can't tell anyone 
Omg I'm never gonna see star trek  I'm finally watching it and it messes up
@justin_smile Omg you're so mean 
Omg cindy told me something that made me wanna cry 
Omg I just saw a horrible accident on the W 105 fwy.  I could have been killed. 
Omg  that movie made me cry! D.
Omg RICK ur mean  Why do you do this to me after all we have been they LOL nothing haha just good friendship LOL &lt;3
Omg I really want a cookie! 
Omg so I broke up with my bf &amp; I realized he took 3 of my dresses to the cleaners &amp; I totally don't have the ticket. 
Omg burgers here are so perfect , I would take a picture but I already ate it 
My hair is merry and I'm gonna reach clarke quay soon. Omg I shouldn't have let the house so early.  this is sooo unlike me to be early..
@wheyroo Omg awwww  How does one get attacked by a a swan? lol
Omg i am soooooo tired  but an amazing night :] but i have school so that sucks 
Omg I wanna cry I just saw a little kid being beat by his nanny on spikeTV it was so sad I cry for him, It was scary 
Omg thinking about lauren 
@jasminanguyen Omg the worst thing happened  I'll tell you tomorrow when I see you. But do you have questions 4&amp;5?
@SargeWP Omg... I miss your youtube 
Omg, mum told me -if we had known about jobros gig in london a couple of monts ago, i could have seen them on my way to france  damn it!
Omg, I think I missed the short stack call! 
Packing!!! Omg it's gonna rain all week  talk about charater building...
Omg why do I feel like I just took a sleeping pill..... Why am I so sleepy this morning 
Omg I just realized that I could have made my license plate 'careber'  owell MCRMY is perfect! 
Omg mr tootell could talk for england ahh i wanna go home 
Omg my legs feel like i took psrt in a stanky leg competition i cant even sit on the toilet properly 
Omg my class is from aug to oct. 8 weeks long I don't know  I wanna see luis
Omg I have the worse headache in the world 
Omg,I friggin bombed my history test  I've never failed a history test EVER,2day sux.I'm going home 2 nap soon.I need a study group.
Omg the house is horrible. I took plenty of pics. Just knowing my cousins went through a tornado makes me wanna cry. 
Omg this video is fucking quality, And sad at times  http://bit.ly/HIhmV
Omg this place is driving me fucking crazyyy 
Omg some creepy guy is standing right next to me 
Omg! im walking home from school and there is a dead bird on the sidewalk! 
Omg @cincoseisdos woke me up  he scared me hahah
Omg i can't believe the fact that i've been having a low tolerance on alcohol for the past few days! 
Omg  high school musical 3 just made me really depressed
Omg I just gave some bitchy lady the juicy bracelet cus she claims she found it first but I found it first! I'm such a nice person 
Omg my cell phone can't break! I don't wanna get in trouble &amp; I actually like this phone  I really need to stop being clumsy with it.
Omg... I have 107 followers!!!  :0. I'm so happy!  I'm not  anymore 
Omg i have the stomach flu 
Omg I need to sleep but I'm to hot to  annoyinggggggg
Omg my car won't start I know its the battery but that's all I know well someone is comming to get me 
roxytheonly1: Omg my car won't start I know its the battery but that's all I know well someone is comming to get me 
Omg bok choy stuck in my toof and my tongue is too short!  This is bout to be a looong ass nail appt
Omg woah what a jerk he is.. Ahaa awe 
Omg.  have u guiys talked to vic...
Omg, i just slept for almost 6 hours. I dont feel good. Theres gotta be something going around..ugh. 
@_meeks_ Omg don't scare me like that 
Omg I just saw the nicest 1br condo for like 515 a month....I so wish I could get it 
Omg this shit sucks soo bad 
Omg why dha hell i ain't get txted all night....and ugh she gave me a half ass kiss ugh  im sad now....neways jus got home
Omg, @estellethegreat I feel cheated. 
Omg ; I don't want to admit to pc lmao.  so I won't tell him he's correct haha 
Omg, I could never stand at an alter and hug someone for the last time in front of 200 people, my god that's just awful 
Omg 15.6 billion dollars of marijuana plants were seized and destroyed by the gov.  what!? The country needs that shit
Oooh man I've been naughty but still remained classy!! Omg!! I'm drunlk!!noooo omg 
Omg that was the longest freeway drive of my life! The pee was seeping through my pores! 
Omg tinchy's proper taking the stryder  na na niiii
Omg, this guy told me that I was small and he wanted to stick his whole dick in me 
Omg, i just woke up, got half an hour to get ready!! 
Omg, stups spider by my bed  nightnightnight?
@babydollniki  Omg you're making me so hungry but I faught the temptation and I'm making healthy eggs instead. 
Omg, there is some proper paedo on the bus staring at me 
Omg did I really just make a HuGE pizza and eat 4 giant slices. And this is why I think the scale lies to me 
@alaksir Omg i know! It's amazing!!! But it's a demo  how long does it last??
Omg my neck hurts so much makes me wanna cry  Why am I ill? Why? D: I had planned so much for the week but had to cancle it boo x
Omg my black&amp;white billabong flipflops just fell apart  got new pink num ones :&gt;
Omg.I can't get out of bed.I feel like shit 
There's a trail ippt tomorrow! Which means is known as nafa test lah! Omg! I'm going to be so cui! 
Omg  shes so cute!!
Omg I just had to scream into an oldmans face I had to check a bitch before I wrecked a bitch, for real just fought with a senior  ackward
Omg my entire body hurts soooo bad..like seriously I can barely move  and it feels like forever since I've hung out with my friends (
Omg I hope I remember where I parked my car 
Omg I missed this so much. I felt so alone in the past day and a half  
's throat is so dam sore  Omg th new heroes is unbelievably awesome
@Bean525 Omg now I wanna go 
My xbox got teh red lites of doom!!!!! Omg I want to die 
I wanna go to 6 flagssss!!.. Omg, I sound like a lil' kid. lol, but I really do wana go  
Omg breaking up is so hard  I feel so bad for breaking his heart
Omg how unfair just moved bk to england from malta left my m8s And now they bitchin at me 
Omg my laptop sucks so bad 
@cheungkyy It was scary! Omg, the plane was shaking and everything! I seriously though we were gonna crash 
Omg this little girl on TLC right now makes me sad 
@mayps55 Omg that video was soooo sad. Why did you have to say something about it, you knew people were then going to go and watch it. 
Omg ive only been studying half an hour and im ready to quit! Fml 
Omg thats so sad 
Omg another accident at Aljuneid flyover. This time, there's casualty and death.  may the victim rest in peace.
Omg. I have a horrible headache. 
Omg sitting my last gcse todai at 1 and can't believe just how fast my five years of high school has gone 
Omg itz rainin too hardd  i dont think ashleyz house is gonna work...plan B!!!!
Just woke up aand Omg my laptop won't turn on or charge   myyy musix projex =|
Omg y is it still rainin???  dis is dat stay home n get laid n sleep all day weather!! *hummmppfff*
Omg... It is soooo nasty outside... Pouring rain and black. I wanna stay in bed alllllll day 
Omg aiden is WIDE awake n I'm dead tired 
Omg i keep thinking its friday why is it not 
Omg i have the nastiest stomachache in the world. 
@razzamatazz87 Omg ya i know that is well sad 
Omg just got out of a cold shower! So much for having hot water 
Omg i slept for like 12 hours, wasted most of my day 
Omg perfection doc tissues i need tissues 
Omg just got splash by the bus I'm soooo mad!!!!!!! 
Omg so last night I'm wrestlin wit my Pit an his ass throws me! I hit my face an now I have a horrible bruise..poor meeh 
Omg im gonna become anorexic if I dont balance my food right.  xx
@wilbossman Omg ghey! 
Omg, I can't stand not having a job because all I do is sit in my apartment and depress myself  srsly..
Omg!! A poor old lady just slipped n r salon and fell onto the tile!! 
Hey! Omg i am totaly unhappy cuz i cant text out of the country without it costing a lot of money so i cant update twitter the way i want 
Omg i thought there was something on my forehead and i scratched, then having to find out that it was a scab.. It started bleeeedin' 
Omg! This toothache is killing me softly 
Omg hahahahh michaels branding that he got on his ass got infected...idk I think that's halarious! But it sucks too 
Omg i'm so sick ..my belly hurts soo much 
@x_SammyBaby_x Omg thats a bit harsh  and plus you need time you dont get jobs that quick
@emmalousieharri literally nothing here for like a day back tomoz  I'm not counting it as a holiday. Omg I heard about penny Musa been...
Omg, my stomach hurts so bad 
Omg exactly 2 mths left bfore I leave. 
Omg I think something is wrong with my baby apple 
Omg I'm still at work   Trying to do some mad optimizations on a T-Sql stored procedure cause it takes way to long to execute.
Omg need to say goodbye to some ppl @ school 
Omg i want food! I'm gonna be here forever. 
Omg  thought I was done. Apparently ONE more day.
Omg longest column ever. When can I sit back down? 
Having the worst headache EVER!! Omg!!! 
I'm horrified when fat girls dress thin.. Omg 
@chivalry_pony Omg what happened 
Omg all round today has been a very stressful day and sadly the stress isnt over yet! 
Omg! I miss bryce so much! And my new fave song is if u seek amy! And my shoulder is messed up from too much vball and softball 
Omg just wrote a whole page for my class and hit a button on accident losing it all! 
Just realized how long my hair has become. Omg. 
Omg janice and holly went home  that sucks I kinda don't wanna watch it anymore :/
Omg. I don't have that one. 
@MarioPadilla well, hell yea it is. Omg it makes me cry everytime though 
My back hurts horriblely!!!!!!!!!!!! Omg. It gives me a head ache when i touch it.  i hate cvs.
Omg!! i have the worst hiccups ever &amp; they wont go away! no matter what i do.. 
Omg this reminds me of an early morning in thailand  i miss thailand so much
Omg I haven't talked to @jOshweird all dayyyy!!!  where are you??!?!
Omg there's frisbee tmr i better finish my 12 amaths papers  - http://tweet.sg
Omg !! If it is sunny and warm today I'm going to be super tight. I have to be at work until 9 
Omg I pulled a muscle on my lower back...friggin backk hurts sooo bad 
Omg I am not taking my bus  twitter world is there anyone who can drive me homw 
Omg, just got the intense need to play some drums.  No drumset available.  fffffffuck   
Omg my stomach is touching my back 
Omg Songz is live &amp; I'm missin it!  This movie is a must c tho!
My toe hurtsss. I just touched it and it was friggin pain. Omg. Helllll. I need my mommy to help me bandage it up again. 
@NicoleAlfonso Omg so the wings were yummy and everything but it made me feel sick  so I have to ease my way into this new diet of mine ;)
Omg!! I just saw the transformers hat i want @ game stop!! It was even more beautiful in person... So hard to wall away... 
Omg I have a massive headache!  
Omg! i can't work without music 
Omg work is INSANE today, and of course they have us below minimum employees to handle it.  ugh!
Omg, I've become really fat. 
Omg, my stomach has been hurting since like, eleven  I hate this
Omg fuck this humidity. its like 95 degress at my work right now 
 where is my cd.. Omg.. Nd yeah she is  ur cmg 12?
Omg so much pain! I took an aleve just now, so it should help. 
@fountain1987 Omg! .. im flyin with jet2! never have before! 4 hours with no room to move 
@SaulaSmurf Omg i get terrible hang overs  i remember th morning after my formal i had 2 lyk drink loads of water n all i cause
Omg I feel bad for the family who's house got stuck by lightning during the storm. 
@callmestephanie ur so lucky i havnt been able to go to the gym yet.  Omg ive got a story for u from last night
Omg y dis old man jus said &quot;u look like jennifer lopez&quot; u pretty girl.. How bout I don't wana look like her 
Omg I feel so sick!! I thank those hot links were too greasy for my poor lil tummy today  http://myloc.me/4zwG
Omg listen to turn right now! 
Omg I ate too much 
Omg my parents are fighting  again  why do thet do this everyday
Omg, I just realized that I'm killing brain cells andf I need eveyr on{ that I have. 
Omg i just had a scary dream :'( now i cant sleep 
Omg i just cut all my nails 
I don't even have a flippin microwave!! Where the hell are my pots &amp; pans! Omg! 
Omg. I hate when I'm trying to go to sleep and i hear my hello kitty watch ticking. It is the only thing that is keeping me awake. 
Omg mcfly last night was awesome!, got a sore throat tho  x
Omg i cant fall asleep bc i drank half a cup of orange soda ... 4hours ago 
Omg, how ruf do I feel this mornin, I'm soooo tierd its untrue, pluss I think I've a cold comin  and I'm at wrk till 5, bbq tomoz oohhh yh
In -n- out gave me heartburn  darn animal style fries ! Omg they're so good though!
Omg someone please shoot me, I'm SOOO exhausted 
Omg might have just broke my pinky toe  ouchies
Omg they've changed the front of the shop! 
Omg, im so in the mood to splurge on clothes, heels, a new hp and wallet now. Bad thing is, im only left with 12 bucks now 
Omg, im so in the mood to splurge on clothes, heels, a new hp and wallet now. Bad thing is, i only have 12 bucks to spend now 
Omg, its so domn boring, I wanna go home, but 2 weeks left 
Omg peach snapps...man i fell ill  not good!
Omg, the special olympics is today at harvard! I wish i was volunteering 
Omg no one wants to go on behemoth 
Omg!!! I am soooo tiredd!!   hopefully this shower wakes me up a bit!
Omg these paint fumes are destroying my breathing 
Omg..its pouring raining, perfect day to stay home and watch movies...But I have to go out to rehearsal! 
Omg the pain 
Omg the horse was not even close  ~&lt;3~
Omg it finally feels lik SUMMER! 2day yaya!! i love it!! i want 2 go 2 the pool! but no1 2 go with 
@empireofno what?! Omg thats horrific 
Omg my mum is drunk and she just completely embarassed me infront of the good looking boys 
Omg!! I hope nothing wrong!! 
@RikaReek Omg! Idk know if I can show my face now.  lol I don't wanna be a cougar!
Omg i wanna leave 
Omg...i've seriously been sitting all day..  going for a little jog...
Omg I got like 5 of the biggest mosquito bites on my back! I'm bout to take a benadryl cuz it's so very annoying 
Omg they said douching on tv! lol wow i have to much time on my hands 
Omg we're not going to california D': brb crying :'( anyone wanna lend me $200? 
Omg 5-20 bucks!?!?!? I think ima die here 
Just got my heart brocken twice today  &amp; he doesnt even care or know  !!!  How can life be so cruel? Omg i'm going to cry...P.S i love u
Omg! P.G mall was alright...i didnt see no bait though 
Omg i am finally at the house my legs are killing me  lol
Omg I wanna saw my feet off. They hurt so much. 
Omg im fallling asleep during service!!  im so tired!! - http://tweet.sg
Omg I think I f*cked up big time. 
Omg, my arm hurts more than it did yesterday 
Omg WTF... U missed something n I think the jokes on me 
Omg people ain't on twitta  nite I guess.
@E_purr Omg that is the most foolish decision ever 
@deeboogs I suck at hair!! Omg -- I only know some stuff.  I'm good with makeup though! Haha
Omg elaine and nancy are right...I just drank 4day old milk...I am milk boy... 
Omg rendering took soooo longggggggg. I don't think I will sleep tonight tho 
Omg! The heat!!!! 
Omg trying to sleep but damn birds are keeping me awake 
Omg I can't find the spider and it's making me really paranoid! 
Omg my exams starts in 10 minutes  Wish me luck
Omg I don't want to wake up right now.. :/ I'm sooo tired 
Omg i really dont feel good 
Omg!!! I forgot to celebrate my 200th tweet now I'm gonna have to wait till 300 shit 
Omg.so effing tired 
Omg at the mall, and I have no clue what to get my dad.  I hate giving gift cards http://myloc.me/4QOH
Omg I waaay overpacked! I have like 3 extra shirts and 2 extra pants : S hopefully I can get off work tues..its not looking so good 
Omg really you feel lonely why? 
Omg so tired I feel like ponning cca tomorrow  can I quarantine myself tomorrow 
Omg i have work tomorrow..... I don't wanna go 
Omg im really not that happy at the moment 
Omg 168 cases of H1N1 in S'pore! I still thought red dot island is safe. No more hk trip 
Omg... I just came down the stairs to find them all eating sweeties! I get left out all the time, 
Omg I haven't been this bored/alone in my life.... 
@kevjumba Omg look at all those murderers and murder victims! What a violent school you had ha, oh my. 
Omg greys anatomy was like  so gud omg poor izzie and alex was like so upset 
Omg why is everyone dtm today no matter where I go?! I need to get back in my bed asap 
Omg the pool i'm at now has too much chlorine so we have to wait! I just want to dip 
Loving little italy so far. Omg and we can see our old beach house from here. I miss it 
Omg..today I didn't tweet a lot..and today luke benward tweet.. And he never tweet 
@nvandy HAHA!!! Omg excellent. How amazing is it? Reminds me of southy bambo! Gran died 
Omg i need a turkey burger by paige right now 
Omg, I've been ay work 4 hrs and this is my first tweet!  Mondays are so busy and all my cases are messy.  
Omg, four orphaned racoons!  Have them in a closed box. I hope they will survive the night &lt;3
@PerezHilton Omg, i glad that you're ok! that's the most important thing! and i'm so sorry for what happened to you 
Omg I can't believe I just slept pass 11 
Omg my back huuuuurts 
I guess. Omg im feelin' siick 
Omg. I miss Boyzone. I need to see them again.  &lt;3
Omg. It's so hot here. 
Omg for once i may be the only one not burnt!! haha, altho this cold sucks and ive got to do maths hw now, so this is crap 
@floodedtides Omg ik I don't get how people can not cry at that part. 
Omg .. i think i need a new laptop .. 
Omg my computer is so angry with me 
Omg long day @ work now 2 get on the train 
Omg, tht was so uncomfertable! 
@EdarieHosting Omg thanks for telling me!  They were losers anyway! Thanks!
Omg this is like a 4 twitchat group except veros not here 
Omg!  that sucks. well get u new ones! sooo...ill see you at noon on thursday!
Omg. The debit machine was broken and there was no abm 
Omg I'm so depressed, just found out @bowen12 is getting traded 
Omg it was 112 degrees this morning. It sure felt like it 
Omg I'm fckin exhausted and I feel sick. 
Omg @MIZZWALKER i think im fallin for yo boo @SongzYuuup...please forgive me 
Omg i just slept my life away. And still feel horrible.  make me better.
Omg, what's happened to the weather?  Not happy one bit.
Omg!!!! I just hit a bird 
Omg jager wtf u tasted gross  haha i think lech n me have lost our touch. damn we r old
Omg i dont know what to do 
Omg the indie boys were so cute  - http://tweet.sg
Omg i'm getting fucked today  171 boxes coming down for one stop   
Omg. What's with the 5 o'clock migraine? *whimper* 
Omg i am late!  haha but they love me too much to mind lol ok. Just kidding. - http://tweet.sg
Omg I have to stop doing these 1200 nights I'm dyin here and coffee not workin 
Omg this train journey is the worst thing ever 
Omg I miss the Norwegians already 
People are playing pocker which I never know how to play it. Omg, it sucks! I'm craving for nasi goreng pak jangkung. Starviiiiiiiing 
Omg i have come across so many cute clothes today and ofc i cant go and spend all my money omg 
Omg I think I'm dying 
Omg screw this shit!! I cant do all thi math.i have no idea what im doing with half of it.i cant have chapters 2-5 done by tomarow!!!!!!! 
Omg.. In mandatory agency mtg. We're mostlikely going to be paid in &quot;iou&quot;'s in 2 wks! This goes for All state employees 
Omg there is soo much traffic!!!! There's never traffic at this time!! 
I saw him, I did saw him or is it me who is always saw the wrong person. but hey, I did saw him. He smiled to me! yes he did! Omg! 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - Omg she is such a cutie! 
Omg im so in love with him!!! He said i could keep him forever 
Omg. Having so much fun. I love my friends  Haha
Omg there is a captain planet marathon on 
Omg so tired! And hungry! I'm finally off work, omg thank jebus 
Omg, @TheBubbleGum is sooooo desperate, gonna eat breakie 
Omg this fucking sucks! 
Omg ben your gonna have to actually text me for that 
Omg! It so windy! Yay! Lol thats what woke us up, was the sound of the trees 
Omg!! I just got woken up to see abbey on my nightstand eating cheez its like it was cat food LOL!! At least she has good tastes 
Omg! I look super cute today 
Omg notebook song in starbucks while sipping on a latte waiting for my bus 
@padfootx Lol. Omg me too. I wanted em to play a new song on tour, but no. i want it now, haha  x
Omg we just saw them get out the bus 
Lol  Omg that was fun the food ended up in the street lol 
@mileycyrus Omg, I love your sister's hairr!! 
Omg  i fancy a piss up lmao
@FrankieTheSats you off to France?? you have a gig? Omg XD soo cool I live there 
@wildasaur Omg!! U toatlly stole my favourite part of the movie 
Omg i want something to do jamie i might head over   
Omg im in jamies bed and she doesent even notieced i left   
Omg family guy is the whizz  that old guy is such a perv lmao
@mileycyrus Omg. thank god...   I hope Oceanup see's this.. they need 2 get their fact's straight ! :|
Omg what a great day! Bbq ribs are so yummy 
Omg Tash' looks like a freak in a feather boa. Why can't my phone send pictures?! Going to bed soon 
Omg I found movies at wal-mart that I had to buy!!! They are the epitomy of my childhood. 
@HilaryNghtmare yess  I know  Omg I can't wait till you come back  I laaa you
@tkniep Omg do it! That's so cool 
@jackalltimelow I just got my JAGK shirt in the mail! Omg I love it!!!  see you saturday!!
Omg. i love my parents i juss got a lavender camera as an early birthday present!!! 
Omg amazing twist! This is a crazy awesome movie 
Omg,... just had the best roast ever! but now im full haha,.. 
Omg the past few weeks have been crazy way to much partying or possibly not enough 
Omg  I can't belive it's u U rock @ playing the guitar &amp; I can't wait to c ur relpy 
Omg...hurry up!  I want to go eat!
Omg beethoven is oooonnn! So pumped 
Omg, last section. 
Omg no doubt on gossip girl...plus its intense wow 
Omg! only 10 more days till school is over im happy for summer 09 
@SydSoReal  yes it was.. And tonight is a quiet storm cuddle nite.. Lmfao y did ur indian/african character pop in my head lmfaooo! Omg
@mitchelmusso Omg amazing, I've favourited it 
@sageothyme Omg, you don't want to hear me sing! Definately not soothing 
@loubeejones Omg !!! I'll definetly come and say hiii  I can't wait it's gonna be amazing! xxx
Omg, I love pedicures! 
Omg good afternoon all I can't believe i missed church again lord plz forgive me forgive for missing the word on today lol 
Omg I just filmed 3 videos....I think that is a record for me   I love having an external hardrive!  Its so much easier to be on a roll!
Omg la jolla cove was so fun! I can hella swim far now and swimming is my new hobby  haha shut up!!!
Omg i just heard that lakers won today. Ah that made my day!   
Omg awesome there was an earthquake  felt like. 5.0 or so 
Omg my mom made me sum peanut butter cookie today and this cookie are so good thanks mom 
@kryssielove Omg I love that movie. the grandpa is hilarious 
Omg i just found sooo many vintage mcdonalds toys outside near the dumpster! Ebay here i come! 
Is standing outside with age its sprinkling  Omg.and that rain will kill us all xD
@burtonski Omg, those guys were awesome  :L
@DaisyOfLove Omg I missed the end of that episode! It'll prob be on tmrw...... 
:o Omg! I just FINALLY finished my Almostfour vid for the Demilena fic I wrote like, two weeks ago  ?
Omg good times I'm so fukung drunk  yay me LOL
Omg the midlands accent is interesting  xx
Omg i wanna play sims 3 
@enviofriend Omg wow, 4 kids?!  You have my utmost respect!  I thought 1 was hard lol.  I bet it`s hard but rewarding 
@TheDonRaimo haha!! Omg, you really crack me up papa!! I know... I always make the best of situations... You know this 
Omg 2 dollar tacos from old town are SOO bomb! I wulda never thot of getting a cheesburger taco!  satisfied
Omg omg this is so overwhelming.. so much to do and see in so little time lol wow 
Omg i just wrote a new song man i am on a roll cuz i just wrote one last night thats pretty sick! Anyways night tweeps 
Omg! I love that song! I grew up on it!  ::dancing:: lol @N8PWRD
Omg, I LOVE @Fatafeat! I watch it all day  LOL. And it followed me on twitter! How awesome is that?
Omg there are skunks everywhere over here! I think there kinda cute though  only if they didn't smell :/
Omg I actually liked the movie! It was freaking hilarious!!! LMFAO!!! And I love the feminist message 
@JAM05028 Omg i dont want to talk to anyone at that time aha. Ohh and heeey  howru?
@fightdgoodfight amen  i so agree.. Omg  all he wants is us. And what we tend to do is just want what he can give us.
Omg I just got a text from the sexiest band eva 
