Most common words for this cluster:
[('one', 901), ('else', 75), ('lol', 42), ('twitter', 27), ('com', 25), ('online', 23), ('http', 23), ('anything', 18), ('haha', 17), ('im', 17), ('today', 17), ('tweets', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'one', 0.909438967704773), (u'forgive_adultery', 0.6325510144233704), (u'just', 0.6306338310241699), (u'obstruct_petty_larceny', 0.6215961575508118), (u'only', 0.6005990505218506), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.599809467792511), (u'silly_Billen', 0.5969552993774414), (u'sanctuary_DellaBianca', 0.5835356712341309), (u'Chiddy_Bang_maybe', 0.5783980488777161), (u'BY_ANDY_THOMPSON', 0.5760310888290405)]





Spring break is here at last, but no one is here to celebrate 
I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm so upset.  no one likes me anyway
@antzpantz well I obviosuly missed evcery single one 
I have no idea how to use twitter.  No one wants to follow me cause I'm a bland person.
mornnnninggg. ugh by cub has gone to work without a phoneee. got no one to textt 
no one wants to ring me  lol kidding im hunting for zombies not witches (Y)
@scaree No one's sent me a kiss yet! 
I want to go see 'the boat that rock' but I've got no one to go with 
really wants tijuana flats and no one will go with me 
I hate it when i make a joke and no one laughs.  i feel... Not funny.
@Nessiebear i really wanna see it! but no one would go with me  lmfao.
wants to go watch the footy but has no one to go with 
wants to go downtown and take photos...but has no one to hang with 
I really want to go rollerblading by the lake....why is no one around today to do that 
nobody has replied to any of my updates  well one guy did once, @streetbloggers asked me when mothers day was a while ago but no one else
@Fearnecotton no one ever replies or reads my tweets  will you please play mcfly -falling in love xx
omg i need plans for tonight!! no one is doing anything 
I want to go swimming but no one to go with 
@SheBeeGee And here is me with no one nearby to share with 
nobody calls me...  whats the use of a cellphone if no one wants to talk to you?
@shannatram  @alice_ash we ate already  but if you wanted to come over with food no one would be offended
@EFsSecretDghter cause no one was talking to me 
is bored out of my brain..everyone is at footy and no one wants to play 
@nicolerichie i wanted to watch that movie tonight, but no one has it to rent  boo.
blargh. but I want pretty painted toenails! although no one would notice. 
i need sum followers ppl.... so come on follow me.... i feel unloved with no one followin me... *tear* 
@iamwhoever - i wonder how many ppl right now are @replying with advice ....  .. say to them &quot;walk in my shoes&quot; ... no one can judge
sitting alone on bebo. sadly no-one has commented me. 
@lilbabygirlloz i know i feel like i have tweet rejected my 6 followers im such a loser no one follows me 
@noamcfly  no one else is answering me  i don't what to miss it 
@CasaSugar  no one right now..but I 'll do some for my new sofa :-D
No one has twitter!! lol 
i sneezed so hard at shoprite i spilled my coffee. no one was impressed 
@patricklanglois me being lazy with no one  haha
@buckhollywood so...17 again. LOVED IT! But for those nerds out there. No one knew about hippogriffs/harry potter in 1989. 
@andyclemmensen i was ment to come but fucking hell no one over 18 wanted to come with me  so i am pissed off that i dont get to see u!!
@caitkitt  no-one loves a zombie for his (admittedly non-functioning) brain. Or, uh, braaaaaaiiiiiinnnnzzzzz.
@jaredeng who was it? i would love to know. i did a facial recognition thing and it found no one. 
want to revise outside, but no one will come with me 
I can see 3 green punch buggys at this moment. Yet no one i can punch. 
laying in bed milking the sickness.  too bad no one is here to take care of me.  
@allanlake I saw hagrids hut in the woods near pinewood once - no-one believed me and i didn't have a camera phone at the time 
@theartie no, but my compositions are all in a format that no one but someone with the program can read for now anyways 
@meistr poor brownies, no one will eat them now 
im totally lost when no one can help me. i feel totally helpless and hopeless 
trying to find a decent twitter photo. in this one i look like i have a moustache 
feels sad.  No one's following me. 
@nickjonass i wish  bc my old gryffindor one is worn. out. its this one http://i40.tinypic.com/4t0k5f.png
@nickjonass i wish  bc my old gryffindor one is worn. out. its this one http://i40.tinypic.com/4t0k5f.png - @nickjonass i wish : http: ...
I wish someone was on, but sadly no one is 
is sad that no one wants to dance with him  why????
why does no one like bionic commando online? I love it more then any other multiplayer and no one wants to play. 
in mourning . . . no one died so dont freak out. 
no one is eva up when I am up  lol..i'm mad bored
@andyclemmensen weetbix tastes nice  no one else reckons too though. so devo, i'm all alone in my weetbix luv 
I'm alone again. In the pitch black darkness. With... No one. 
@magickmidget yeah except we're the only ones I can find on twitter  is no one on here!?
@Tastyzulu lol. at least ur working. im haveing a hard time looking for work.  no one wants scaffolders casue no one is building anything
no one ever talks to me on twitter!!  listening to the climb.....
I have a stack of movies and no one to watch them with! 
No one is here for floor wars. 
y does no one answer me??? i just want like 5-10 ppl to answer y is that so hard? ugh 
Feeling all alone with no one following me!   This is a strange world!
@DianaKhalil I am not into photography myself, and what I love is the urban and nature photos, So I am no one to comment on 
was just informed that I'm too needy and that no one, including bbb, wants to be around me because I'm a downer.  
@sachz no one told me about a birthday 
@danjite what's wrong with backend accessibility, other than no-one does it? 
so this twitter doesnt really work if no one you know has one 
just got home.... not tired but should probably go to bed  no one is online 
were the hell is everyone?  theres no one to talk to 
finally in leicester. too bad no one is here yet 
Wants to socialise but has no-one to socialise with! 
@JenniferStirlin 5 yass!!!! lol, no one cares to follow me 
@JenniferStirlin no haha, no one cares to message me!! are you? god i need to do this essay   
@DsBabyGirl we do and irene and her friend do. No one else does 
The worst part of living alone: no one to rub in the lotion on your back. 
@mcraddictal rofl i'm not really on my tiran all that often though. No one joins 
Just woke up and realized since my mom is away that means no one folded my clothes from the dryer  wow I'm so spoiled
I want to go out tonight, but no one else wants to... 
@PinkBerryGirl mine doesnt have that  I wonder why I have all of these new features and no one else has it..cuz u are using powertwitter?
how come no one tweets me back?? 
okay no one talk to me...im good with being ignored 
@astoldbyjillian no one believed me at my dance competition today that i did a handstand 
@hauwei eh? surprisingly no one took pics?!  it was yummmmm
@wroper89 I came over and knocked on y'alls door and no one answered. I asumed y'all weren't around... 
@rainingheaven yeah, cuz office no one. i have to stay back. 
no one has any movie recommendations 
I've got a thousand things goin thru my mind right now &amp; no-one to talk to 
/rings seb and no one answers 
i reli shouldnt emadgine him with her ever it drives me mad 
I know that I'll never meet anyone quite like her, and I can't move on beacause no one compares. It just leads to me been angry at myself 
@winnyadriany winnnn I'm the first person that came here. No one here 
@kevinrendon No one delivers to my house. 
Aw  no one wants sushi. lame.
@ThaEntertainer no one has a crush on me either...  not that i know of anyway! [big sigh] 
bored bored bored, why is no-one ever on in the mornings, i'm sooooo bored 
No one's awake! 
hey -- how come no one's online? 
Relatives cancelled on us, so now we have a feast and no one to eat it with 
@chelsstarz been had my permit since march  just no one wants to teach me to drive. theyre all scareded
rolls eye no one to twitter 
no one else thinks that homicidalgodchan is scary.. haha im a scardey cat 
ok since no one tweeted me  ill do mercy trivia
Wishes things would get better. I need to get out of this house, but I'm being prevented. It's like no-one care about me anymore..... 
this is why sometimes i think it sucks to be a morning person. theres simply no one to talk to 
@trisarahtopss I did  they closed at 6! &amp; no one is answering my texts, so idk when she'll be home. oh well! yay for sonic to the rescue!
It's late right now, no one is around, no one is online, I'm alone and I hate it. I am starting to feel like this is going to be routine. 
@Eazee awww! i didn't know u were having another shindig on sat! no one tells me 
no one else seems to be on at the moment, twitters boring right now  now i have nothing to occupy myself with haha
I wish #gwibber didn't crash every ten minutes 
is about to head home after no one came to his presentation on backing up files 
is looking for someone to luv but no one luvs back 
left his skype on but there's no one to talk with 
@Leonortjuh no clue but this sucks  let's hope that no one notices.. 
No one is on msn 
@jstolle well its not a tough race.. theres no one on the starting line..  
no one wants to join twitter... 
no one`s on twitter 
Since I have no followers, no one cares 
is drinking cokeee and very bored, no one has twitter 
@goaliemom31 i still might, just that most tickets are in pairs, and no one wants to go with me 
i keep peeing every ten minutes. i'm embarrassed. 
it doesnt matter what im doing cause no one is following me! 
poor alex, I hope he is okay  no one can help a panic attack. as long as he is okay, that's the main thing.
No one's replying to my texts 
another boring week end and no one to sped it with life sucks 
@billbrown  that's too bad about the run...I think we went months without renewing, no one said anything when we'd show up. ;)
No one talked me out of eating the pie  so I had to eat it
@B_Smoorez at this point anywhere I've put in apps at like every dept. store in s'ville... No one wants me  lol
I'm not sure about this one... It's sad...  http://shirt.woot.com/
If i fall...no one is here to catch me!  like anyone would want to neway...
No one tells me anything anymore 
@emjaystar I know it's devastating 2 see little toys having to go through sumthing no one should have to go through 
okk, scrap the dog walk! no-one to go with me  german question time then i suppose 
I need something to pass the afternoon. I wish to go shopping but no one will take me 
I love how no one offered to help the snapping turtle cross the road.  Bastards 
@Jadynmaria hold up your shooting your vid? no one told us.... 
debating on going to the movies alone tomorrow. no one else wants to see angels &amp; demons 
Not much tbh.... no one I no has twitter 
still havent opened my bad to do h.w.  maybe i should its like ten to 6 :S
i crossed 13k tweets and no one congratulated me 
has the sorest throat ever 
@Zidapi yeah it's pretty expensive. No one wants to come with me 
No one twitters me   lol
has woken up depressed... I've opened that funny blog but no one is entering it, it makes me feel really sad 
@jennaynayy I'm glad you like it, no one else thinks it's cool 
no one and i mean no one should be up this late doing laundry 
no one has any ideas for presents? I'm so bad at it 
Hyperactivity is gradually wearing off, no-one else in office is happy and their depression wearing off on me 
No one seems to have time anymore... for anything really. 
No one will kill the huge spider in here 
have i ever told you, i'm number dyslexic. no kidding 
@Nziokxs Hehehehehe...U guy no one apparently no one wants to help a brother out 
now, i really miss you up, guys. no one call me at the middle of night like before. 
@johnandnecia hey, thanks anyway, i HATE when i miss it, and no-one seems to keep any spares  I'll have the alarm set for the next one!
i've come up with such a good tweet!... but i bet no one cares 
My brother just ran away so there's no one here now. Lonely. 
@Jemstar3 aw poor jema  ... yeah well i turned up but no one was here either so i left!!
@khali_blache I wish you'd seen it. It was a waste of me doing a stupid thing. No one saw 
@khali_blache I wish you'd seen it. It was a waste of me doing a stupid thing. No one saw  http://tinyurl.com/pleq3v
Me no likey being stuck at the office when no one is working ! 
@stephenfry I can't get your audioboos to work but no-one cares 
@megsandbacon They can stay at mine!! yeah sleepover! No one ever stays at mine 
@PMillion oh i hate funerals too I'm sorry to hear that.. i guess no one really love a funeral though. 
Working from home is very lonely.  There's no one to share my jokes with 
@RClapham It was that cool, sadly no one was watching 
No one else is awake 
looks like there Is not going to be a 100 follower giveaway. No one donated codes.... 
to tweet or not to tweet that is the dumb question. no one really looks at this anyway. 
@Jenyoseph hahaha I heart cribbage but no one else in my family does. 
Is no one having a bonfire except full ib kids? I am bummed 
@tomdale channel 11 is very busy... and 1 has no one... i'll just hop in the tub and open up some veins 
No one comments on my entries anymore 
Watching white chicks. No one to laugh with. I miss you, loser buddy. 
is bummed cause there is no one to text.  saddness.
@theselovebugs i've had them forever and they are so pointless.  no one thought they'd live this long.  i can't find anyone though 
@music_fan no  no one sleeps in here. Its my grandparents old room.
anyone??? how the heck does this work?? no one wants to follow!!!! 
WHY did the only person who really cares about me leave to the army.  No one loves me anymore. I hate it.
@FatLossMama I'm sorry you have to go through this, it's painful, and I had to explain it a million times cause no one had heard of it 
No one ever bothers to come watch me perform 
@krrptd1 yeah it is but I felt like sharing it and no one else (ahem @crucifixxus) would quote me. 
is envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle.  
@absolutelytrue  #nightshift I'm still working  luckily having fun with it. I can turn the music up when no one else is in the office. yay
@QueenofScots67 this is a little sad and I know I am new but no one has ff me yet 
home alone and no one left me any gummy bears 
@JohnGreenaway dammit, no! one tweet from september, noodles is also taken 
I am such a worthless person. No one i love loves me back the way that they should. 
You know you're too old to party like a rockstar when....you realize no one else claps when they dance. It's just you 
is wondering why no one else is following it....  C'mon people!
No one talk to me anymore on here 
No one wants to sit with me at lunch  I guess I'll just bury my head in my laptop and continue to be anti-social.
@cameronmarion me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night, pshh
@HerDesign no one I know likes boiled peanuts t.  
@breedimetria I'm talking bout everyone in general, no one wants to play with me 
i neeeeeeeed music suggestions but no one will give them 
@lilyroseallen no one ever wear a tshirt with me on it  you're very lucky
there's no point in bein on here if no one else in on 
I want someone to come over so i can take pictures but no one can 
No one is at the tesla dealership 
No one is bringing snacks 
Phoneless for the next couple of hours. No one to blame but myself. 
@thepresidentJx3 no one ever gave me the info I'm sad 
I want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me 
and now i smell pancakes...or maybe toast... or something delicious. but no one is at my place cooking 
wants to go the the vintage paper show but no one will accompany her 
Why is no one online? 
At the event early even and no one is here yet 
I have no school and i am bored cause no one else is out. it sucks 
@VeraFromFYN I love, love love brussel sprouts and no one in my house will eat them but me. 
n there is no one online to talk to 
@JazzyFee thats all I have is black and then grey ones and no one wants em  some rescues are so weird!
It makes me sad that I referenced one of the best 80s movies twice in the last 2 days and no one understood the reference 
No one is tweeting tonight. 
@nicolebarnes nope.  the weirdest things happen to me...and always when no one's around.  i need my own eponymous law.  
Feeling worse about to go make myself some tea cause there's no one here to do it for me... 
@bobbyhundreds Too bad it was a top ten, I'm sure we were number 11  haha
Ugh insomnia and no one is up to keep me company 
agrees to http://www.plurk.com/nikkamirano that no one is plurking that much today  http://plurk.com/p/x5fxy
Breaks with key four is torture......no one plays pingpong lol 
sooooooooooooooooo      BORED!!!!!!!!!                no one is talkin'  to me  
sooooooooooooooooo BORED!!!!!!!!! no one is talkin' to me  again
bored..seems like no one is online again 
feeling a little  because no one is adding me at my friendster request to them and no one is commenting me!!!
@jamesmachan oii find chelsea and mosh with her,no one will mosh with her 
@tholdersr almost...i was a bit overwhelmed with the replies and forgot a few additions. hopefully no one is upset 
@agent_x I am glad someone got that reference... Suprisingly (maybe not) no one got it at the reunion 
@kissability yeah no one else apart from @bengrubb wanted to come  I canceled.
&amp; @smfl93 no one else has twitters 
preparing to claim my first victim on #spymaster. but no one's level 1. 
I really want to go swimming but no one seems to be available 
@babyvtec I've attended every wedding ever, including mine, in a ponytail. No one got married during the time I was able to get haircuts. 
i want to go outside and play but there's no one to go with 
@XmariskaX only few people r join it . take it as no one likes me  or her lol
no one replies to my tweets anymore... 
hate being bored on a weekend no one to chill with 
@IamSpectacular yo! i don't want to get tipsy ever again!! i am still fucked up! 
no one is talking...  i'm editing pictures, it's super-fun!
no-one's online 
no one says hello anymore. 
Not really tired but bored because no ones online, and no one does anything on here these days 
I want to go see a movie tonight but no one will go with me 
I know that no one will believe me when I say this, but I swear I have a tumor in my left armpit. I know that's retarted but I'm serious! 
 we recognized victims - ran downstairs to assist...no one hurt, but shaken up...complete accident  
no one is online 
OK, Since no-one wants to see my paintings I won't be posting them again unless requested to do so . There , happy now are we ? 
ugh out in time to party and no one to play with  *katie*
No one wants to go out tonight  guess I'm staying in after all. oh well
@Hollix lmao, problem is, no one would come to the concert with me and you have to be bleeding 16 to stand in the pit 
*sigh* no one is replying to me 
@LovefromNaja  did you post a question on that yahoo  thing?  if you did hehehe no one anwsered you though 
@alllizzz no one. violence is not the answer. hands are for helping not hurting 
trying to do sober dialing but no one's up 
@Noufah I guess no one can guess what's in your gift bag 
Why does no one else have twitter?!  Except for ali, i'm all alone 
@TheLastDoctor Voted again! Only several thousand more votes to go. And no-one's put me forward. 
@WatariGoro so sad, hes sleeping  already. no one waited up for me 
 I wanted 2 go 2 the beach but no one else wants 2 go again :/
No one is tweeting much today...suppose they're all at the beach  when I'm stuck inside revising ...bad times
cleaning my bedroom.  so funny how it gets dirty when no one is sleeping over any more 
Not gonna lie.... Totally watching Angels and Demons on my computer since no one will go see it with me  http://myloc.me/2byb
@clydedavisjr I think it was all blown in the outsiders (which I love!). in e.t. no one knew him and most wanted to forget soul man. sad 
@xlovelydearx Nothing to do, No-where to go, No-one to hang out with. I'll just get depressed again. It's lovely weather as-well. 
no one will go get pancakes with me!!!!  
@SpeedinUptoStop well, i appreciate you replying to that, no one else will 
@StonerNation I waited and waited for my doctor to show up and no one ever came 
 No one to have dinner with...
Ahh no one is on msn 
I miss my best friend...no one else compares to Mazillness. 
@SentimentalMood no one text me back 
@pookchop nobody..  no one wants to eat supper with me.
just woke up.. no one called me to go spinning 
Why can no one score a good score on my facebook quiz? 
no one talkes to me on here! (cry)  im  right wee loner
i'm not sure what to do.... I am so bored. No one is around, so i cant make any movies... 
llistening to music - really bored  on twitter no one replys to me lol!  any one know what habbo is??
@lvpLive used to love my bidet in the uk - no one has them here 
today sucks!!! its so ugly outside and no one wants to spend time with me 
I'm bored and no-one is online to chat with 
So tired i feel i'm going to pass out... But no one will give me relief to sleep 
@BigAssBadger is no one talking to me just cos i wont play spying with them 
no one has killed the wasp yet 
I wish my mates would join! No one talks to me here  xx
i hate having to walk home on my own to an empty room with no one to call   (yes I'm a big emo)
@star_momma no one ever should. If I don't like it, I don't comment. 
@xstex nooo  i hope not, i havent been sunburnt ever in my lifeee.
No one else is tweeting... why aren't you tweeting?? I feel lonely. 
@candyviolence @catiefox and as fucking usual these days no one is around when i need them 
No one, NO ONE talks to my face anymore 
well im bored migth go to bed soon gots no one to talk to 
@jc your a queer and I hope no one replys to your poker night 
@rudym55 But my Q was would anyone miss and no one said they would ...lol 
got new specks which no one likes! 
No one left a light on for me at home 
Why is no one awake. 
feeling naughty but no one to take it out on 
ive got no one to go shopping tomorrow with    how sad!
@AdvancedGarde the answer is no-one  *weeps for our lost society*
@jedsimkins you don't realize how jealous i am. no one would take me  and i wasn't allowed to go see them  my life is ruined !
wtf why did no one inform me that beyonce was coming to australia?! i only just found out and all the good tickets are gone! 
hummm bed time for me - no one is playing with me 
good no-one is on here and no-one is on facebook grr  lol xx
Apparently i must be unapproachable cuz no one wanted to be in my tour group.  stupid newbies.
Working    No one responds to these so I'm not sure if my thoughts are reaching the masses???
its sunny and no one will play with me          may have to go on another lonesome videoing myself walk.
No one is prepared for the demand of streaming #E3 online. 
@Cassidycarmen gossip?! No one tells me anything interesting 
@CajoleJuice @timwiley   I'm pretty sure no one on the planet said. &quot;You know what... I'm ready for a L4D sequel.&quot; #$$$
Like no one has this twittery thingy 
so...this sucks!!! no one loves me  its cool still got asmile on my face!
This one guy on points2shop has 47514 referrals and made $34440.57 from them, I have 13 and made $3.79  http://bit.ly/2wAAqR.
I saw a car that looked identical to the one on the show the other day! I was so excited but no one understood my happiness  @laurapete
no, it's over, basically. there's no more choir, cuz no one's conducting us anymore 
Starving, this is the worst its ever been 
@allmines43 I think they were fixing stuff? No vandalism... Just some really messy maintenance that no one bothered to warn us about! 
- wondering if they'll find out what happened to that plane...and if they'll ever find it. Just glad no-one's yelling 'terrorism'...yet 
Wants to hit the #chicagobluesfestival but no one to go with 
also disappointed no one has any comments on nier in the ps3 forums 
@StaceyFarina awwww.  catch the bus to my house! lol. im serious! no one will be home! lol
@chri5784 that said, maybe it's just me because no one else has mentioned it. 
4 hour nap! and I'm still tired  is it possible to be addicted to sleep? English project to do and no one in my group will answer their
I miss having a co-pilot! No one to bounce things off of late at night! 
no one cleaned my laundry for me today 
i love twitter but no one ever twitters me 
no one twitters me 
I've always wanted to learn how to play chess. Unfortunately no one ever thought me how. 
BoBy is boring .. no one play with me  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6391349
@renaedeliz What the heck?  I'm older then you and I still don't remember that...course no one remembers kid turbo 
Its sooooooo sad!!!!I liked it better when it was just a random showIwatched that no one knew about 
No one else appears to be online to amuse me 
@bradiewebbstack I agree, same with me. Althoguht no one follwos and comments me 
no one's e-mailing the show...sad face 
I really want to use skype more but no one has it 
friend adding spree! but no one's accepting 
@SpiderxBear yeahhh, i wanted to, but then no-one who said they would go with me would. and im working anyway 
oh no one of my favorite shirts has a hole in it ugh 
I want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me 
time i went to bed i suppose!  no one to chat too anymore!  well anyone that wants to chat to me! thats pretty much no one 
why does no one listen when you say you dont want to do something 
 worst mood i have ever been in, ever.
I just wonder when I reply to someone they never reply back so it makes me think that no one is reading what I'm saying  A sad thought 
so...how can i raise $50 for a useless comp game, and a few hundred for a new tattoo? wtf is no one hiring 
I miss @kaylapace .... even though I kno she ain't missin' me...but it's ok...no one misses me anymore. 
Why is no one around when I'm losing my shit over health concerns. 
Just flopped quads with A10s and no one called my turn bet 
@fentonslee No one to do your laundry for you? 
@TheFabulousOne No one gets happy when I shit outside 
I keep ringing the bell, but no-one's coming 
A rain cloud following me??  how come it's only raining on my car and no one else? http://twitpic.com/6iefs
@RagingBitch everytime im on no one's there 
I think I'll make myself some soup since no one is here to do it for me 
@cchen1113 We can only hope. No one could have predicted though that 2 of our 3 major autotmotive comp. would fall like this though.. 
 I kinda miss my dad... This is lame with no one to feed me lil pieces of cheese. LonelyCheeseBunny.com
@AshelyMonroe I miss you like fucking crazy! no one to text late nights 
aww :/ no one is on aim 
@gnomeangel @sunnymchao I don't think the #bringbackthemonkey movement is working!!! No one is playing!!! 
@shaneokeeffe haha yeaah,   aww, thats so shit. make sure no one texts you the score. turn your phone off!
no one else awake???? lol . sigh. whatevs.... 
i (think) I left my black cardigan at work  I hope no one steals it, it's my favorite
says just realize no one's at home ...  http://plurk.com/p/y2mok
no one is on msn 
i want to go to sleep, but no one in the house is up to turn my light off  so i am stuck... ugh.
@spencerpratt @heidimontag Why did you leave?! You two were the only reason i watched the show! No there is no one good left to watch! 
@JonasAustralia yeahp, it was a big confusing mess and no-one found out the real reason why she left.. 
@LeonnieFM since there's no one show up anymore in my twitterfox *aside from @famdy* i try to reply anyone showing up here 
@ShelbyHintz because no one else can/wont go. 
I get frustrated watching spicks and specks by myself, no-one can see how good I am at answering questions 
someone follow me.  no one wants to follow me. loozers.
@makmittens  no  i didn't buy tickets because i had no one to go with 
Eugh cold and bored no one fun is online on msn 
damn!!i need a room at kolkata and no one's helping!! 
Just so no one else does this: don't sonicate vials so that the stoppers slip out and drop your sample into dirty water. 
Is not going to get a 2:1 at this rate and no-one wants to go to my party 
i really really have to go pee, but no one wants to stop 
seriously,,,, still no one else tweeting... so disappointed... 
In space no one can hear me tweet 
@i_like_turtlez no one has bolts for me  I'm going to bring my rim in today
i have been sending thousands of tweets and i just realized no one appears 
bought timbits for the meeting... no one ate any.  now, I feel sad.    #fb
says  no one's plurking with me. my plurkfriends are all busy http://plurk.com/p/ypc24
hungry but no one is answering their phone 
Okkkkk so no one is following me...and I think its cause I dont have a facbook or myspace 
@NickyMcB way to leave me all alone and bored with nothin and no one  ***shaking fist violently***
No one will halp me move my couch 
just tried calling the radio station for @adamrifkin and @lookthemovie no one answered 
Is it true that misery loves company???? I'm all alone...no one's here with me.  Then why is it that ur loved ones cause u the most pain?
well if no-one is here then i am off. bye all 
No one wants to sit next to me   http://twitpic.com/6p1ry
@AnnLarimer No one sent me the memo. 
Why has This week been so painful for me. Its just like i get no help from no one anymore 
So how is everyone? I don't know why i ask this cause no one ever answers 
Ah, no one will go down to the cafeteria with me. All I want is a drink 
I hope no one in my camp gets addicted to drugs. That would hurt me. 
Being sick is the worst, cause all you want is a hug, &amp; no-one will give you one! 
No one wants to go get sushi at my fave sushi place with me 
no one tweets but me 
No one, except for one person, has commented on my haircut yet 
Wants someone to hunt with tonight, but no one is available. 
can't have sleepover  wish could  nothing to do  no one to talk to 
no one's tweeting, so going to bed most likely. 
No one is entering my handwriting contes 
I'm sooo sick...and no one taking care of me 
No one wants to dance with me 
feel like a big loser. texted like 5 people. no one wants to hang out 
woke up at 7 ..again. to pee..now i can't go back to sleep . no one else is up  haha
No one ever told me once you become a parent you become a portable bed.  The last 3 days are awful
@quizo it sucks no one can freestyle on there anymore, from what I've been told 
At Yesterdaze and no one will skank with me!!   i love me some ska!
@CrimsonMe It's broken at the moment...no one can do tasks 
hey why is no one talking? im bored 
The song I'm listening to its making the saddest about the person that makes me the happiest 
Ugh! Another breakdown  but I don't feel sorry for myself since no one said life was going to be easy...
@jobsworth, the result wd imply that there is no-one there capable of developing or implementing policy in a detailed and workable manner 
Driving the speed limit when no one is on the road is horrible...it should almost be against the law to do that 
No one has twitter, damn. 
no one at arrivals with a 'torchy!' sign  t!
I want to go away in the holidays, but I've got no one to go with or anything 
@pcdnicole aww u changed the pic  The previous one was friendly, in this one u look mad (
cannot believe no one she knows has twitter  ...come on people get with it im lonely ...
so sad. went shopping alone today. no one is available. no one reply me. yo yo yee pangseh me. 
No one is up!  someone post on here!!!
@yourmotherr i'm fat no one can see me in a swimsuit. 
@remember_it Miss you too! No one to eat a whole watermelon with 
Has made scones yet no one is here to eat them 
I am sick and no one cares enuf to condole 
I'm most likely going to call it off  No one came 
yes i'm one of them assholes... no one is perfect. putting phone down now that i feel bad  
I'm cold, and no one's stopping. I'm thinking about closing up shop. 
No-one is on msn still 
I spent my entire break at work on twitter... and no one is tweeting 
@sammers118 so im begining to think the girls dont want to help us  becca says she'll try but no one else seems to really care!! bummer
@misschellebeans mm yeahh... work blows chunks. actually, i could have gone, but no one tells me anything...  reply to my message!
sad no one has noticed my new haircut.  it's significantly shorter too.
 no one to go shopping with
no  gave away my tickets since i had no one to go with
No one wanted to go to the shore with me  - http://twt.fm/145566
@jesssicababesss I never cry for that one... I think this is like the second song ive ever cried to 
Wants to go to the mall... But no one can take me there... 
@erockett89 no one was willing to buy the team 
@Skistar15 @Skistar15 no one wants 2 play with us brendo 
dangggggggggg....this big ol' king size bed = no one to share with  lol let me quit
Oh lord @mileycyrus tour dates, no one can go with me 
i post pics and no one checks them out 
http://twitpic.com/6s4ey - No one is dancing... WTF? 
It's hot outside, I'm board and no one wants to do anything....  
@alli_jonas youre lucky! no-one in my whole country has ever heard of rascall flatts  im never ever going to see them 
nothing interesting today..no one wants to help me in getting bella her doggy wheelchair 
@jessalu I'm so with you on the ripping back - much as it makes me batty to do so, I'll focus in a mistake no one else would notice.  
It's very quiet tonight, no one is on msn 
Here at sunfest making our rounds and there's no one here 
going home because no one wants to come play rock band 
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/6r47s - ooooh god. i would like to have an slytherin outfit. but here no one sell it.  you look so cute ...
startrek was still awesome the second time, but was not as fun since I had no one to smirk at during the gay parts. no one here gets it. 
what the fuck! i hate when no one answers my texts 
ho hum.....no one ever checks messages 
Actually have a +1 for a show I'm shooting and no one to come with (despite trying). I have no friends. 
@lonnybreauxjr cuz no one wants to see it with me 
My collar bones are sooooo crooked...but no one else can see it but me  I wish they protruded more
got hers and 2 others seasons passes for 6 flags, but is home now &amp;is bored because no one wanted to hang out, so shes prolly stuck now 
@beccaLader i am soo jealous! No one would see it with me...i was stuck seeing drag me to hell again 
Home  and wired w\nothin to do and no one to anoye 
no one twitters anymore 
@MsTeagan no one likes doin the dishes 
i just realized no one has texted me today.nobody 
no one wants to come out and play. 
@zeepooter ugh so jealous. No one was around to go to the movies  cousins even. I need a buddy. U live too far.
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - i dont understand how writing it a thousand times makes it any more valid  no one else gets a c ...
Someone come help me eat this batch of brownies, no one else in this house will help me eat them! 
@jolieodell  At least no one will steal your video!
i asked if anyone wanted a million dollars. no one answered and now it's too late. You could've been a millionaire. 
no one got shot tonight  and wtf. gretchen is alive omg.
@KayJakes no one in a Hawaiian shirt...boooo! No shoulder salami this time 
@Wardere I keep on forgetting, it's just awkward going on it when people are home and lately no one goes out but me  
i am so hungry !!!! but i cant drive and i have no food and no one will get me some 
thinks summer sucks in a college town sometimes.  No one is here to play with.  
No one else is tweeting. This is my 10 tweet in a row. I need more followers 
@Lilylauren no one spares a thought for my long and painstaking work! 
shit i'm still no-one 
@jennysunphoto yes it's sad no one tweet about my talk 
no one wants to play with me tomorrow  my friends suck!
Downloaded the twitted app aswell @craigreilly1992, lol twitted really isn't catching on. Lol, no one has it 
i wanna go to the beach but no one else does 
Nothing on this cause no-one i know has a twiiter only bebo 
I never have any one to talk to and i hate my self and may kill myself if no one will talk to me or say anything to me on twitter   
No one tweets me anymore 
umm no one is following me 
@BusTheProducer yea no one was talking to me LOL  
@geekigirl and another   but i know you will make up for it! everyone left, lights were too bright and no one danced in the end anyway.
No one talks to me on this thing... 
No one told me bridge to terabithia was so sad! 
no one because there is someone 
@doverstain no one drank to that so I had to 
Watching european parliament vote coverage. Apparently no one went to vote, ah well 
no one wants to see angels and demons with me 
i am playing with my self bcuz no one wants to play with me  will you play with me?????????????
HAHA. @shwood convinced me to try friendorfollow. No one who i follow is following me back. even huge fans 
@urbanexperiment haha i'll miss your spam! srsly. no one else to blame for non-stop tweets alr 
wants 2 know when she can have her 2 week break to do whatever, whenever and has to answer to no one!!!&amp; can sleep! must be flippen nice 
i want to go shopping but sadly no one will go with me 
once again history is causing me to be in school again - while no one else is! 
@shannooo lol..I haven't kissed anyone!!!!!! no one wants to kiss me 
@m0php haha touche! I told you, im sweet and innocent, i dont know why no one will believe me 
needs to get some followers. hey why do i even bother.  no one looks at this... :X *lips sealed*
I don't think I actually want twitter but anything is worth at least one go right?I mean no one I know is on it though?That's not fun 
@SamanthaMc_x no one wants to come with me to see take that and the saturdays ... take that h8s 
@BridieMay i love youu and no one has twitter 
Wants to see the hangover but has no one to see it with 
i want to go see the hangover but no one to go with 
i miss marple ten and @woahitsjamiex. 
oh god if no one talks to me im going to log out 
No one was at the counter so I just walked out. suckers!  Already on 35 when I realized I'm going to vic, not cc 
@musiiicbox bitch if I was fat, no one would look at me 
@shanedawson  you and brittani taylor are my only friends no one likes me because i'm fat. its so wrong 
@Cartoonifyer all these parties and no one bothers to invite me. 
no one ever tweets to me  no wonder i stay w/ facebook!
@thomasfiss where is the loove !? i haven't had a reply in ever boyyyyyyyy 
@raven_dove2007 everything.  no one talked to me today, etc. its a long story.. *hug*
I know no one  http://twitpic.com/6vsj1
no one wants to play my pocket aces 
Y do i need to be at work .. if no one else is here 
no one texts me. 
@coxys_opinions damit! I sometimes go 2 days without food so no one would sponsor me  great cause though, good luck!!!!!!!!!
has no one to play with on xbl  I feel like the fat kid during dodgeball, therefore I'm getting offline...
trusts no one. hahaha 
 no one got me my damn oreos.
Nothing to do...no one to text  *sniff*
@blackdarkness51 You should come with me then, because I have an extra tickets, but no one wants to go with me 
@Adawg42069 go to bed beezletons. I am. xD no. really. I actually am.  no one ever believes me when I tell them that hahahaha
I guess no one is awake with me...... 
@satishk nopes! not yet. apart britney and her f* videos, no one's paying attention! 
Tears of a clown when there's no one around 
@akr93 I'm not going and yeah I agree there has been no one on all day same as team jonas 
And cause it was 2 and no one was up to talk to 
@tylersteps  uggh well @ least u have something to do theres no one here 
@SaBriNaM412 well i FORGOT my snack...and no one brought anything today  sucks!!!
My buddy is gone and no one to talk to 
no one's tweeting 
ok this is boring ........... no one tweets me 
No one noticed my awesome tan 
So I walked 4 miles to caribeast and no one is here. 
i'm all awake but no one else is 
i joined costco this weekend. no one told me the loved me! 
@pekegirl809 haha i wouldn't... no one knows anything about canada  i am moving to the states!!! lol (Not really...  )
Never knew how hard it is to find a J-O-B I know I've filled out at least 10 applications. I guess no one wants me 
so the sky just opened up...no one was expecting that. and I'm wearing cloth shoes. 
im sooo bored no one will come over and play with me 
@tmritze APPARENTLY...no one else wanted to play. 
@QueenMcBitch I got @MommaMissa to poke you too.  No one else wanted to help!! I wanted all you at replies to be pokes.  it didn't work 
no one wants me on their team!! 
no one reply my msg 
@EileenMCastroMA well im single  so no one to yell at me and im currently working so im living it up for now hahah
I've been avoiding pre-ordering my 3G S so that I can camp out and get one the morning of... is no one else doing that anymore? 
It makes me kinda sad that i only move away for a couple of years and no one recognizes me 
I am seriously kicking myself for buying two tickets to this Wallflowers show and having no one to go with.  
No one is responding to txt messages 
Getting a little sick of having no one online to talk to 
No one will text me back! No tengo amigos... 
no one texts me...  
no one wants to present webpage. msb mad and annoyed. 
cue the waterworks: 'i got this present one year when no one else remembered.' TV show Obsessed is heart-breaking. 
#petpeeves @effn_awesome falling to sleep on me leaving me up this late w/no one to talk to 
@grovesmedia no one wins anymore - it's all about taking part 
@neehouse  - it seems as though #umbraco forums has been broken for some time now, but no one is fixing it 
@hody77 no  one min they were there &amp; next they were gone! If a sender deletes them from their outbox will mine go to?! *random thought!*
D: no one's tweeting 
so like faker were amaaaazing!! But no one was dancing but me. So sad 
D: no one's tweeting..again 
@pjhelliar join the queue....no one does 
@BostonDave as long as there is good marketing (good looking videos), no one cares 
@jessicalh07 I liked the subject too, just got to be a waste of money when we'd turn up &amp; there was no-one to teach the class 
is think oh no one of my certificate's has been lost  not gd............. i need it by 2moz......... its all colleges fault ;)
I suppose I will do more vacation research alone since no one looooves me 
Craving a snowball, but no one's there yet 
no one updates there twitter much 
@kathrynalopez my bb is broken  i spilled coffee on it. i'm freaking out. no one will understand but you &lt;3
@BigEdgePoker The article on Googlebowling never happened because no one ever has anything concrete to say about it. 
why doesnt no one tweet me 
I think it's ridiculous how I'm always the bad guy in these situations. No one ever wants to give the teenager any credit. Fml today. 
@playxpert lol haven't had a chance to use it in a raid or group yet. Just hit 80 a couple days ago and no one wants to help a fresh 80 
@PrincessJenn cuz no one liked them 
blahh, the onee weekend i really need to get out of this hell hole, no one can hang out 
@benlebar yep, I think I am going to do the same. It just stinks because I have some deep scratches in this one's display 
I want to go to the carnival but no one will go on the rides with me 
@LaurenConrad i wish you were coming to florida  no one looks up to you more than i do...no doubt about it. xoxo
siege still going in my hometown   no one hurt thankfully.
@AustiinS meee tooo ! no one has everr heard of it tho lol. It makes me sad  
No one ever sends me a message 
@BeeMichelle yes...both sucking...you know...memory lane ex. you and @brenforprez talking about texts...no one even texts me  ridic.
feelin like a loser cuz no one i kno is on here and no one is talking to me 
@numindan it's for sale on the drive at the back.... No one wants to buy a convertible with the roof up...   
i wanna get a frosty real quick. lol too bad no one wants to go 
@x0xvaleriex0x no one would take me to the store    then a mormon disracted me
no one knows mercyful fate 
no one i know uses twitter 
One of the few times I'm wide awake, no one else is!! 
@al_ice I went to them but no one wants to type a quote out for me to give insurance  they'll have to accept a hand written one now
Just had facial. It's the most hurt facial ever 
no one to talk to at this time anymore  booo..
http://twitpic.com/7lycp http://twitpic.com/7lyeq  at home siiccck &amp; bored w/ no one to make me soup 
I want to go to the merritt mountain music fest this year but no one wants to go with me 
why is no one in twitter?? 
has tickets to the udderbelly tonight and no one to go with! 
Sometimes I hate my job. I cannot go home sick because no one else can do what I do, and we have a customer waiting for parts. 
no one wants 2hear bout what body part i cut up at work 2nite or what color, consistency, food item it reminded me of. 
has a bad cough, but there's no one home to pity me 
Entirely in the mood to roleplay, text based or otherwise. No one about to do it with though. 
no one tweets like they used to. 
#chdstaffretreat i'm sad chris is lost out there, with no one to help him! 
wants to read some entertaining posts but no one is online! 
is sad no one wants to go to uncle bills with her.  
its 6:30 and no one has called to chill..  oh well, i guess ill just sit here and relax.
the bad thing about staying home is when i wake up, no heater is on and theres no one to make me breakfast 
@karynarden I do love it to death, but you and a coworker are my only friends there! No one else wants to share awesome links wif me 
I'm hungry I demand to be fed! I'm sick but no one will take care of me 
I could get to like this site...however no one i know uses it...so no one to twitter to   maybe will just twitter any way)
Does no one want to go to the comic store with me??? 
no one commented on my picture.  that makes me depressed. not even peter retweeted it. but then again he's busy. but i'm still depressed
@mdmariani hahahahah! usually i post things but no one replies 
@1045CHUMFM calling now for the contest! no one is answering! 
no one will come to my apartment now 
*sigh* I sang a song, and no one liked it. 
http://twitpic.com/7ohho - no one leaves comments 
Where's everyone? guess i'll go to bed, no one around 
@nekulor Seriously!  No one deserves goatse.  
..yes i realized after that last tweet..that no..no one cares  
This movie isn't fun with no one to cuddle with. 
Feels like a loser because no one wants to hang out with me.  I must be a loser. 
was totally excited to set up her key board again... only to find out that no one knows where the cables are... bummer dude.     
*boo hoooos* my throat is sore...and no-one cares   *sniff sniff*
@RockLoi it is just you. However that last one was an in joke, unfortunately there's no one on twitter who would have got it 
  probably guna get off soon since no one is talkin no more
I have all these song ideas right now. But no one to sing to 
@debskittles i always laugh at my own puns. no one else seems to get them. 
WTF! where's the bus  no one loves us.
GAHHH i hate having no one to turn to ._. i feel like some m&amp;m's and the strokes &lt;3 lol 
farewell belinda even though she doesnt really have twitter.. so technically im saying it to no one  how sad..
Is bored, no-one else is watching me 
I feel so ugly right now I hope no one bug's me about how ugly i look at school 
@bobby_b  They're on a admin rights removing campaign now. I have them on my PC but no one else's
@dingfries Not that I know of lol. I wanna go, but I'm not bothering for two reasons. 1) No-one to go with  2) I'm shit with rides.
so apparently no one is going out friday, so that's a bust, guess I'll go to work instead! Trying to resolve to the life of an old maid 
No one can possibly being the luck I'm having this week. Fml 
@dubbayoo My main worry is that no one will find my ideas nearly as funny as I do 
@JesseDearing There's definitely room for improvement, but there's not much incentive since no one can back out at that point. 
Its cold and rainy here at the beach. Not fun! All my friends are gone.....nothing to do and no one to talk to!!  Wish no one left
@marthastewart http://twitpic.com/7prwu - So glad no one was hurt! What a shame about the damage 
@mattmcgrillen aww poor kid,no one will want to go near him now  I thought you said ryan greenalgh at first i was about to wet myself LOL
no one answers texts 
Has just woken up &amp; been sick, wahhhhh. No one to look after me either 
No-one is speaking to me on msn :@ kays not on either 
@timidheathen i've been attacked with fake tan today. no one seems to believe me when i say i'm allergic to it 
so, no one knows then? i simply don't believe that. oh, @robynrobotron, it's hot as hell here too. wish i could see u during ur visit 
losing the ability to care about twitter no one twitters back 
no one is online 
awwww.... no one wants to make reservations with me  lol....
But got no choice since no one wants to join me 
seems like no one on ebay wants to buy my macbook 
@misslauralouise  I have never heard of that ever happening.
I'm so bored, theres no one to talk to.. 
 i feel like i need some good company tonight. Why does it feel like no one's around?
no one is online now 
upset that no one got a 100% on my quiz 
in england..NOW...and no one is talkin 
no one wants to trade my virtua tennis for infamous 
@WiltingSoul And no one told me about it. Wow, I feel special   ((tornado))
no one to hang out with tonight 
@DougReinhardt1 no one really cares about ur tweets since paris dumped you , sorry 
No one wants to hang out with an old lady 
I guess if I try to explain that I didn't know the spot was handicapped and didn't see the damn sign, no one will really believe me. 
is very bored   and no one is on fb
This feels worse than the infection and no one is keeping me company.  god.
@igzillaa yeah no one wanted to keep me company tonight 
 No one is updatinggggggg /cry
camdyn craves abs! &lt;333 too bad there's no one out there who's sweet enough to let me rub/lick 
@erinthompson keri hilson was bomb!!!! The dream was good!! And no no one responds  lol
This one person made me happy a couple of hours ago.....now he is making me sad 
no one tweets this late. 
@PriscillaCruz speking of which....no one wants to be next to me right now  fiddle sticks
@jonathandurant no one yet, I just looked out, I think the mall doors are closed 
Going thru sumthing n feels like no one here for me 
I'm starving! And there's no one awake to make me food 
@peterfacinelli you made my life with your reply and then you deleted it  lol no-one will ever believe me now
No one makes tweets about me! 
@Spidersamm, my bus popped a tyre, then it was like full shaking, and hit a tree D:  but im okay, no one got hurt, which was good!
Has just joined twitter and has no one to follow 
it makes me sad no one ever stays awake as late as i do. 
.. i guess it is only half ten, just feels later 'coz i've been up so long 
been away from skewl 4 a week i bet no one has noticed, sick of being a nobody. 
just joined twitter and no one I know is on it 
@xSLG no one to go with :\. I like the last fan in chepstow 
No one's on here in the middle of the day  x
wondering why no one answers my tweets 
@tansahsa lol, nope no one made the eruption joke ... sadly there are not enough dirty minds out there 
It's so unfair that so many of the cool domain names are gone and no one is using them 
bored again... whats new. watching short stack t.v   ahhh no one is on msn 
I am officially a huge fan of peasant blouses.  Perhaps I should become a peasant?  Going to work, where no one else ever is 
@jane__ i believe no one wants to talk with me ... 
@CherriPrince I KNOW YOUUUUUUUU!!!! Lol...yup ive submited to twitter to, with no one to tweet with 
@wide_receiver nope as no one ever follows me from them 
@sanasaleem @MystaKool i refuse to sit down - no one gave me any passwords  .. and i don't wink ;)
I'm bored...  Where are all the others twitters? No one is on!
Noting to do no one want to hang with me 
I didn't buy anything  no one wanted to come with me so i stayed at home.
@lewisholland im in on my own and no-one wants to go out  
Still playinng 360 but having to wait since there is no one else playing Fracture... 
@hellcatinheels I hope I didnt give you guys this when you were here. I didnt figure I was contageous since no one but me has it. 
had no fun for almost a month, no one is up for nothing 
Why is no one replying to my messages?  
No one is receiving my tweets 
is hoping no-one else will fall ill today 
@tarheelarden...im said no one is responding to me   twitter is not very welcoming
@HannahTroy hahaha he was so awesme,but no one remembers him 
I want to see Transformers 2 soo bad. But there's no one to go with. 
*sigh* no one to eat with 
so it feels like no-one wants to help me...including my own husband 
@RoxiiJonas i wish i was going to her show! no one to go with  how old are you? lol, are you same as nick? (sorry i dont know!)
@zanydude That's ok, i'm on the bubbly and no one wants to share the last bottle 
taking a nap since no one answers their phones...maybe some one will call me 
no one ever takes a random creeper photo of me 
@Meggs14 Once again I go to far and no one talks to me.... 
Feeling slightly depressed.  No one's reviewed my newest chapter, and there's no one online to chat with.    What is this world coming to?
tgif... i hope i have a good weeeknd, maybe finish J's room. feeling down  outta of the loop, no one cares... all alone these days.
borrred, wide awake..again, and no one appears to be on.. 
@LaurenConrad no chance you are coming to south dakota are you?  LOL...no one ever does 
@jonaskevin why you delete your replys?  no one is going to belive me that you reply to me  !!! 
But please don't move on. You don't need no one else. -@drakkardnoir  
@JusteneJaro aww   what... no one to hang wit u?
I am so bored, and no one wants to go to the movies with me 
i texted a tweet earlier and it didnt send it  that would explain why no-one came to homebase for their free paint brush...
At the racetrack and no one is here 
@adaaam I really wish they would cause I have a feeling no one will want to buy my  4gig 1st generation iPhone 
@writesfortea  I was a bad kid    But I was quiet, so no one knew. 
@kevfbrown I've been wanting to play that game allllll dayyy. But no one will let me play. 
Awwww no one's with me to dance to journey with  #fb
I want to talk to someone...i made a fool of myself and feel bad...no one gets me... 
@thurisaz83 I was thinking about buying it, but finally saw sense and decided no one would play it with me here 
so no one wants to join the ghost club?  i swear...dying doesn't hurt THAT much...at least not for too long...
&amp; we know its never simple never easy. never a clean break. no one here to save me. 
both housemates have phones glued to their ears. no one wants to play with me 
I'm bored, no one's online. 
@veggleton Probably! But I gots no one to go out with.  *tiny violin*
I bet no one would be surprised if I got an ipod touch lolol you shouldn't text or call me yet I am having problems with the system 
sometimes i wonder if i'm speaking a different language, because no one seems to get what i'm saying. 
Hates working alone..its so boring.. got no one 2 talk to  ..  
How come no one @s me anymore? &gt; 
im bored and no one else is awake 
@chadfender yeah, no one had ideas apparently. 
No one is here to pick me up from the airport 
No one twats anymore 
I just tried calling everyone american in my phone book and almost no-one answered 
I'm so sleepy.   good thing there is no one on my schedule.
@_santi how many times do I have to tell you its the other way around...no one listens to poor tj 
@awesomekong, I love that movie too!  I tried to claim I invented post-its..... no one believed me though. 
So what's new with u twitter bugs. No one is writing me anymore. How sad 
im hitting my punching bag because no one wants to fight 
is sad cause no one will follow him 
@HouseOfKarnage god bless you for saying hitman, i was worried no-one would  &lt;3 u karn
@aleyrose feel like giving up on project.   no one seems to care about it I guess..
what a shitty day  sooosooosooo much rain and no one to cuddle in bed with 
it seems like no one is having a good day. sigh. how lame. 
maybelline!! ;) lol)!  No one seems to understand that, but me!! Just wish someone would see me as I am &amp; see my potential ... I WANT TO
 no one wants to do anything... i think i will go to the casino. maybe i will win another 300
omg no-one is twittering.... 
I am bored  and ill  and no one's on the internet 
No one wants to come out and play with me! 
i want my own dog, it's also very cold in here and no one is in 
REALY bored 2nite, every1 has left me talk about feeling lonely!  Not long 2 go though!
no one i no has a twitter except for corinne 
i dont know what to say anymore. its obvious that no one reads my tweets cause no one ever replies 
no swelling...but no one to hang out with 
its quite depressing when teres no one online to talk to. 
@z0mbie_ I'm en route to the bar. No one wants to stop to the mall 
@Ellewoods2014 I am too  and no one wants to come play cause I am sick let's be alone together!
sooo sick  &amp;no one is here to make me soup. atleast i have hsm to keep me some company
@jennysuu_ LOL NO omg no one wanted to go with me 
@lovejamieo not you birthday boo!  Haha no one you know someone from school  super lame.
I neeed someone to talk. And there's no one.. 
Hey, no one ever even told me the story 
@smaloy haha no one ever wants to talk to me   I'm such a loser!  @patmaine will never love me! *balls eyes out*  hahaha
@BenWeasel tried to show u video from yesterday but no one was helping me get it to you so going back to our hotel 
mannnn i should have brought @AdriannaDawgg @yayitsa and @bonn_knee with me my cousins are gone theres no one to dance with me 
@petewentz YES!!! and obviously I suck because no one will talk to me..haha. I'm a loser 
@bruisemeister @jmbisbee @prettyrach no one even answered the question 
@karenbriggs props to our fake fight. Even though no one noticed  haha
i dont care if livin on a prayer, no one in this bar is getting it from me 
@lostwithoutsara awww  idk, it's like no one likes where they live..haha
Y u in a mood sexiest?? got up a while ago... seems no one likes me anymore  all cause im slightly diffrent.
No one ever tweets a @ me!!  
@miSource have tried homebirth.ie - no one got back to me   have got more irons in other fires - it'll all work out - always does!
no one is on plurk and twitter. 
@Jodestarxx its kinda depressing then...no one seems to want to have sex with me 
wtf...no one send me messages^^  this is so boring^^
Why is no one at blvd? 
Now I'm just talking shit cause I'm at home drunk &amp; no one wants to go out tonight 
@mattgarner  Currys im warehouse staff so the loads is coming in early and no one eles is in so im having to do it  
i made a huge amazing breakfast and no one wants to eat it. 
Whatever shall I do for solstice? No one ever invited me to solstice parties 
Just got back from ps and no one at home 
I seriously tried 12 people last minute to try to go to this Mets game today and no one, absolutely no one, could go. 
@mustBeButta I got her till 630 but no one her till I get off at 1130  I'll be alright
Misses sara already no one to talk to 
Answering my colleagues with HTTP response codes. No one's laughing. 
i want your pin when you get it! tiffany was making fun of me bc i only have 2 bbm contacts  no one else has a bb!
No one to go to the lake with 
@emsuckle I did but then we had a falling out and we don't talk any more  I was starting to think no one else would get the amazingness!
no one ever sends me anything on hereeee.  
praying that no one I know was on the redline this afternoon 
@davecortex Holycrap, when I heard about this, hoped that no one we know was on those trains 
@exromana Lost as in lost. No one's taken responsibility and no broken glass ever found. 
http://twitpic.com/8599e - my nose stud is so small..it never shows up in pics.  haha, but you can kinda tell in this one.
i'm sad and crying cuz no one will tweet with me 
@celticfish no one is stage!!! 
@MsLatina I just figured out yesterday that I did not have the right Swagbucks link up and no one signed up under me 
no one has bought me yet.   http://digg.com/u16U2m
No one will take me to go get the never shout nevercd 
wow think im figurin this thin out ... but how come no one wants to follow me 
Wants some Chinese but no one to go with.  I'll think of something.
@lirazfilanx no one to come with me  everyone is working
@jonconley omfg nerd! but at least you get it when i say that. no one else does 
So bored @ work, no one good is working  snoozefest 2009
No one wants to play missy  .....i have some some people in mind but dont wanna offend no one lol
f**k health online...no one ever gets back to me 
@wolff no i didn't get my cell to twitter...no one will help me figure it out!!  
I think I have anger issues,but no one will really care, 
comfy chair is love! i have flu  i hope no one run away from me. - http://tweet.sg
@alexanderchee i dressed as wojnarowcz's rimbaud photo series for halloween - no one got it 
@michelleiiioooo trust me love ur not one of them. I just was really sad I needed someone to talk to and I had no one  blah I'm over it
Yargghh... I hate preparing for a formal speech. So painful to practice in front of no one! 
err .. i want to watch transformers 2 ! but i got no one to watch it with 
watching the real world cancun. i miss scott from last season  no hotties in this one! 
@grimtorn she's unguilded and knows no one in the server 
pumping up the jams with no one to boogie with  where are you?  @bridgawils i need to boogie gah ahahah
I hate being ill. No-one wants to hang out with me. 
hm. the only bad part about not sleeping and such. is no one else is awake. so there's no one to talk too. 
No one is online. 
No one around me has skin as bad as mine. I'm sad. 
I had a bad dream and there's no one to hold me and comfort me!!! 
@JadeIsla ooooooooooo jadey i found u i found U! i just made this thing and no one is following me  can u follow me plz lol xxxx
On the radio, holla! But no one I know listens most of the time, aww! 
@kreacheryl SIGHS they would be the most perfect ever 
know what i love about twitter? no one reads mine...  hah
No one reads my blog...sad face 
is talking to @carslinceexxx alone. and no one wants to talk to her.  @jason02468 is still eating .. 
no one's online 
i know..no one cares 
I'm currently living in a game of charades bc no one can understand me   recovery process sucks
i'm bored! no one talk to me or reply me back 
@djincredible @untouchableTQ all these hungry people...and no one thought of me ...  i'm a loser...that settles it lol
@CaTaxRevolt The nice thing about being clean and sober is that no one can accuse you of thinking like an alcoholic or a drug addict. 
lol @ no one commenting on my posts.  i feel soooo loved
lol @PartyWater. This will mostly depend on how you dance ! If you dance like no-one is watching then maybe a bit more ! 
@LittleFletcher i think no one is able to picture robert as a human anymore. 
@SilkCharm no one is tougher than you in those fierce boots! 
@rtroth  shhhh...no one has figured it out yet 
@yogesh_s I am me!!! I is me!!! I has been me !!! and no one else but me  bah!! wat poetry i say!! shakespeare shifted in his grave!
Does anyone know of a list of the top ten pain points for small businesses? I want to validate mine 
@priscysinger1 btw priss no one was hurt 
@qandq Probably myself... seeing as I'm a training actress and everything! And no-one could play me better 
No one is better that juice!!! 
and no one is mad at lone palm trees 
Theoretically if there were no SEOes, no one would bother to talk about search engines 
then again , then again, then again.. youre always first when no one's on your side.. love incubus. 
@kissadatfisha Not too busy for you! I'm sure we can strike up a nice combo of you/me and you/others time so no one gets left out 
It helps when your guild has ran Naxx so many times that no one really needs anything anymore  lol, 2nd spec is almost complete now   
i like twitter  but its boring cause no one writes with me .__.
No one else in my office today. #spotify without ear phones then 
no one around me seem's to understand twitter, but i'm pretty much addicted 
It is time to do some fly fishing for rainbow trout...in a place where no one will be talking on a mobil phone...they will not work 
@leahjbfan awesome  my first ever reply lol x
I like getting 3G service in areas no one else even has service 
@danslevin You're welcome and thanks for inviting us to talk. #48hoursnz is like becoming a parent. No one can really prepare you for it 
You're never alone Just when you think no one cares, you realize that there' always one person you cares for you 
All ready for costume making! But... there's no one here...! 
@joeywatson x-men in the morning, what else is better, right joe?  remeber, no one died!
@jourdan_eliza, yay! I'm ready for jello, balloon animals, and movies no one else will watch. 
so, no one told me that fans were not able to tag pictures - sorry. I've set up now, so you should be able to do it 
feel the rain on your skin! no one else can feel it for you! 
but i won't be twittering at that secret spot.  lol.  those thoughts are to myself and no one needs to know.  
wow, no one's updating.... aww.... go on... update.... i dare ya 
@edstetzer http://twitpic.com/5d4dp - you can tell they are baptists, no one on the front row! 
@raybooysen ah but no one ever knows if I'm serious or not about preparing or lack thereof 
@ngowers No-one else has mentioned it and I can see the picture here so not sure what's going on.... but that's nothing new! 
@MattyND no one forgot you   
@concertreviewer well thats all that matters that no one was hurt and no damage! 
@zeet75 Yes!  Me too.   Finally. lol No one seems to like that song.
Really wish i would've got a number or even just a last name from that girl in the turquoise shirt! good thing no one reads my wall post. 
@ddlovato no one can make you feel inferior without your concern... you rock 
@alliecobra Not a huge fan, but I'll go with you if no-one else will. 
@iamgaberosales if no one else wants it, i'd like it 
@trishaashley  I hope no one took your cup away 
Buses give me a headache! I like to see antisocial and sit..where no one can sit next to me 
*yawn* No one should be up and active at least before 8 am... I'm going back to bed! 
no one will blame you for global warming except your children  http://tinyurl.com/toetoedesign
@PeterSantilli because sex sells...no one will watch if there were unattractive, elderly woman with wrinkles...would u? 
@AlliWorthington thanks sweetness...you gave me smile this morning...no one else has been sucessful with that...thus far  **huggs**
@mrchrisaddison He is probably your biggest fan and is admiring you as you go past 
has noticed that no one is actually working here anymore... lols... i havent since yesterday...  http://plurk.com/p/vfqae
@shaaqT more like a twdevil for me. wonder why no one else can see the horns through the fake halo 
I'm amazing and no one can make me think any different.  I may not be as lucky as some, but fuck, I'm wayyy better than you.
@richardlai you need to tell more about this one. It sounds like something funny happened 
@kimberlyramos failing takes skill and no one appreciates it 
awww gatman! @mgatton scream in your classroom, no one is there this period 
This one is hilarious  http://bit.ly/mEPHz
@Bluenscottish  we could wear our Kilts there day or nite and no one would care...they may even want to get kilts too
ok so I am drunk, so sue me.. fuck you I don't care, you got a problem with it??!? of course you don't... no one cares. I'm full of it 
@ThatGreenKid12 I accept the dare  But I'm pretty sure I'd eventually delete it thirty minutes later. Haha. ;D
just found out no one in my town tweets.. this is awkward 
@zaccyh i am there. no one else in our crew would understand and/or care 
@simmylee no one will be as good as you carol.  haha.
