Most common words for this cluster:
[('only', 161), ('half', 116), ('almost', 106), ('some', 76), ('most', 69), ('time', 63), ('quot', 53), ('day', 49), ('today', 46), ('many', 40), ('lol', 36), ('people', 34)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Nearly', 0.8010644316673279), (u'Most', 0.7836595177650452), (u'Only', 0.7830007672309875), (u'Fourteen', 0.7774054408073425), (u'Fifteen', 0.7766185402870178), (u'Almost', 0.7683151364326477), (u'Four', 0.7631604075431824), (u'Thirteen', 0.758551836013794), (u'Twelve', 0.7566659450531006), (u'Two', 0.7554484605789185)]





my damn filling just fell out!!!  Half of my tooth is GONE!
@ohmontana deal! I'll murph you with my pliplup or whatever. The water one. Barely at level 20 
@QueenSerena1 just keep trying to upload it babe... it will upload...sometimes you need to try at least a dozen times..i know 
When did motorbike insurance get so darned expensive???  Only been not riding for a year. 
Stuck @ the lite.. Almost 10 mins late to class 
@MacHeist Throw in Leopard and I'll not only buy a bundle I'll get 5 others to do the same!  Most ap's require Leopard, and me no gots. 
@jenlar So not fair. Some of us are stuck at work...  I wanna be cozy at home!
@drjenny88 YAY! About the dissertation thing. Not the killing thing  BUT YAY! it's dooone!
19 pages of transcript to analyse  Nearly finished coding!
@nmb340 Lol he wasn't yesterday but we're alright now  Aaghh i have to go to work when its nice and sunnyy... Typical! 
@KyleRhea I know the feeling! Only a few weeks of the season left 
I HAVE FIVE SLIDES!! Only two or three more, I just want this doooooooooone with 
@SathyaBhat Amongst the spammers? This is bad news 
Half of the fish are dead or on the verge.. 
$$ D Gizzle $$ gave 3 white roses to Only time will tell 
$$ D Gizzle $$ gave a white rose to Only time will tell 
@stephenfry Half my e-mails I just sort into copious folders and never look at again...and then there is the spam e-mails...I sympathise. 
@SwayShay nope! Last I heard from him he left a comment saying he loves me more and I'm better. Over a year, close to 2 now. 
@faewyn It is for the SW. Only 4 crabs and a pistol shrimp in there now, we had a toadfish calamity so it is currently a fish-free zone. 
I can't believe how depressed I am.  Four days after coming back, and it's in full force now. 
That is so not fair ! Some are having fun and I'm still stuck in this town with nothing to do ! 
 great, now i'm left out? Some best friends.
Wedding we shot yesterday made me miss my sorority days. I don't even think I know the Pi Phi wedding song. Only 2 sisters are coming. 
Fuuuuuck. Nearly over my download limit already. Ima die   #fml
@ToriaJane: Two thirds of Cobra Starfish were ate the airport today. We missed you 
@4boys4now@lizstlawrence I give Seven Pounds a thumbs down  I had much higher expectations.
@raindrops_hali Twenty. 
why did they give the old man in the Six flags commercials a speaking part??...he was already creepy enough as it was... i see nightmares 
Half way done. 
@SweetLiLMina Believe meee I wanna jump into bed already  Almost done just need to revise so it won't look like a last minute paper lol.
I am exhausted. Barely got any sleep last night from the weather radio going off every 30 minutes! 
Half asleep on my way to class.. Just realized i left my wallet at home 
Terrible weather, a touch of sickness, general tiredness. Typical roadtrip morning after. 
@tommyh yes. I will nag more. Most of my owl posts to los list ignored  #ldow2009
Mmmph,i hate Del Mar  Two more months
Moving to Calif.  has apparently renewed my need for caffeine in the a.m. Just bought beans at Peets. Most beans there not Fair Trade. 
Another night of insomnia  Almost time to get ready for work!
@eastrees82 i know how u feel Vicky! Nearly didn't get myself this morning! It's too sunny to be stuck in an office today  how u been?
Shit Scared   And Worried About Jazza 
Its Almost 5am and I only had 2hrs of sleep lastnight off to work in a few 
At 856! My first night as DD! Only one drink for me tonight 
Found some rocks... still not enough though.  Almost...
She can't rescue him, he can't escape/change it, so she's gonna leave him-- in his Four Walled World...  ? http://blip.fm/~5ecrf
Just out of the dentist chair .. Polish and clean ... Only thing is I need to get all my wisdom theeth out  very soon.
The real question is whether you should let anyone follow you or not.  Plenty of spammy crap out there 
Half time! i think our team is losing 
Lots of buildings like this in Canterbury. Most are empty though   http://twitpic.com/4eeye
Bought my graduation dress today. And another dress. Both were expensive 
Is, now, totally bummed that McFly are in the same area as me. Only 15-20 minutes away....so close and yet, so far 
Aww the Eight Belles ceremony is sad.   #derby
It seems like I used to like Half Baked more.. 
Oh my gawd. Eleven thirty a.m. not p.m.  no yo gabba gabba tonight.
@rachaelearl my feet were not as lucky!  probably should have broke them in! Lots o cuts!
Syracuse! Almost 4 more hours 'til home. 
loving borat on 10, never gets old but hates problems on Ten 
Half an hour of Seven Pounds left. I'm getting anxious about the ending 
G'Mornin twitter. Hows everyone out there? Some of my keyboard keys still aint workin  must call apple support when they open again.
@musiciceangel I miss watching crazy movies late at night with you.  Almost summer!
Getting sad...  Only 2 shows of lost left.... This season...
The best part of yesterday was the hot chocolate from Starbucks. Other than that, my day pretty much sucked. 
@Ineedmyfix yep! Most of my surf needs to be fixed.  I should shop in the kids section
@MisterNoodle Many ppl, incl @blairwarren @AgingBackwards @laughitoff @debpuchalla @nellywaits, have been missing @KayBallard's presence 
@Dankiswess Some of them have decent food. Few and far between, though. 
Ugh bamboozle 09 was out of control. Almost over 
I feel beat up... Between work and my life i'm just wishing I was living a different life 
@melapoo I wish they'd do that with NCIS. Only the last season is available. 
wOw Over nkOtb fOr sure  anyways questiOn of the night-if yOu cOuld be a cOnjOined twin with sOmeOne whO wOuld it be? im think jOrdan jk
@NANILANI254 I was born for radio.. did it for 25 years, but I had to wake up from that dream. Almost nine years ago. hasn't got better. 
@idolkatelyn That should say,  &quot;Many of us wish we could be there, we will be there in spirit&quot;.  Typos 
is so ready to be back home with the hubby.  Almost been a week and I'm going crazy being away from him.  
My weekend is gone like that  Stomachache. Half-dead X_X
English Half Yearly test tomorrow &gt;.&lt;  I should be studying but I'm too lazy 
Twelve hours of work today oh joy 
@pollyannamae You just wait. I wasnt when I woke up. Four hours later and its so horrible! I can't talk at all either! 
Loving getting SMS updates abt my hubby's distance and pace for the Mississauga Half. Would still rather be running 
@Tertia Nearly broke myself doing washing to take advantage of the weather.. 
@catdog03 Been watching?? Ten past two in the afternoon now, so it's racing by... 
@NiceMac Some of us actually wanted to WATCH that movie today! 
@nj1213 no fresh Cuban bread in Brooklyn.  Some awesome bagels though. :-D
@ryanetics @KarenRussell Most online newspapers' comment sections r a sad testimony for humanity, but ABH hits close, cuz I live here. 
@kristenmcowan all true. Only problem, gotta find a job there 
&quot;test of progress&quot; line in midterm prompt really threw students for a loop. Most wrote about assessment  Lesson for me and them.
@AMAZING725 they took down our Six Flags  lol but Houston is a cool city
How can I get gastro again? Twice in two weeks is unfair! 
@theebayk1d True. We get unlimited calls w/ Telstra for about $100US. Only comes with 150mb data though  Coverage is FULLPROOF.
Thirty four days until the end of the world. I think that running for cover is out of the question.   .
@alicia_luvs_u Hahahhaa that's funny! Ps. Some guy tweeted LOL to me  idk why he's laughing! hahhaha
So tired!! Almost missed my train today... and still have to go to work until 8pm 
I've never been so excited to wake up at 4am. Huuuuuge spider in the bathroom. Almost accidentally stepped on it wearing just socks. Ew! 
@Jitz1971 Five adults strapped together? (sigh ...) it's a very long time since I went to one of those parties 
An Year Older 
Gah, I can't wait for Twelve Sky 2 Open Beta. 
Ahah you've got a point, I haven't got any other decent shoes cause my Half Cabs were stolen  all the others are thrashed from skating...
@jentutor No clapping here. Most definitely NOT happy in my nose. Pollen. 
@Storm_Crow Only in monopoly money  sorry 
@Clipz Most of them... 
I want  http://bit.ly/r9Zyy Of course my feet can't handle such sexiness. Ever since bootcamp my feet haven't been the same. sigh 
Half of stevie b got rained out  still a great concert!
omg listening to a sad song called Almost Lover  I love this song
@Java4Two oh i get it sorry never mind 
just lost all rounds of every board game we played...except Connect Four  sad.
still have a sore spot on my head where the boot hit it yesterday. Twice 
is watching the 20Twenty. . . surely I have better things to do with my life?!? . . . I should really be studying 
Carnage in the fish tank! Parents have rammed the net containing their own babies and eaten them all! BASTIDS. Only got 7 let now 
Carnage in the fish tank! Parents have rammed the net containing their own babies and eaten them all! BASTIDS. Only got 7 left now 
will conduct CSAT Bootcamp. Two weeks dayshift, I hate it. 
oh my god, PHQ pizza is amazing. Sorry Four Star, you're dumped 
@nickylovesheath Games need to get you interested enough to play for the first few days without interruption...Many fail at doing that 
@606ItsYourTweet Four years to go then it's all over, is that what your telling me? Suddenly I feel quite small and lonely in the world 
In Alexandria. Almost home  So much to do before tmrw though 
I finally found my couch! Some jerks moved it. 
Having MAJOR issues with the clear coat on my #cannondale Six13. I hope the local dealer can take care of it. 
Half of Seven Story Fall left the band  rather upset by this, Andrew was my favorite. Now theres only 2 left
@under_life Half way through filming.....not all of the post-production special effects.  But still awesome!
@BoltClock Over 140. 
I need to nap   An hour to go till I can go home .. Counting ..
@BrandyandIce health care assistant in a gp surgery - no shortage of work here.. Most days its manic 
Certain tweeps seem awfully quiet lately. Is it because I'm not seeing their @ replies any more? 
Easier than I expected...Phew &gt;&lt; Almost die of scaring 
@chrissinicole 85 degress!? that's all! SUPER hot in Miami .... hot enough to fry eggs 'n stuff. rediculous. Almost hurricane season too 
Half the skools gone and theres only 50 peeps left 
@ashleybananas I'm the same way. Half the time I wake @iamglenn up crying 
@Ihavebeenfound Only the image  Looking at Kanji dictionarys but unless you know what you're doing it's really confusing #simeonhobbes
@dj_wonder Just about! I live near there so its all we have  lol Other than that - sun and fun! What are you up to this w/end?
@MTVwebmaster Anything planned for the under 18's this year?? Previous year also we were neglected!! 
Half yearly exams soon ehh. can't wait. 
Oh man, what a night.  Small man slipped in the bath and cut his lip.  Many tears and a baby with a sore mouth 
@Gorillamonk are you cooking? Would love to avoid it myself today LOL ;) Most probably will have Chex - out of amaranth still 
@CashiToHo Most people don't. It really sucks. And I suck for giving in every once in a while and eating gummi bears. 
@aha_com I hope for you it does not discuss about Eighty years.....you know what i mean.....(take on me as always) 
No more W-N-U-A Ninety-five point fiiiiiiive  Where the hell am I sposta get my smooth jazz now? http://bit.ly/74SSd (via @ColonelTribune)
16 hour workdays ftl. Three hours down, 13 to go 
is wondering when the crappy feeling will end.  Over being sick 
#cycling short care what do you do? Of late I've taken the easy way and machine washed, line dried them. But I think It may be a problem 
Frick! I cut my thumb with a knife. Nearly got blood on my num num 
I feel blah.  Only a few days of school left though! Woo.
http://twitpic.com/6629a - Only person I know to not want to drink on their 21st bday 
In the bus... Almost an hour late because of my crappy alarm clock  should be in Leeuwarden at about 9:45
Certain tweets I write are on the spot messages for a person, group, or pornstar, and those tweets usually get deleted within the hour 
@FLASxyBlck25 right now thats about all I can deal with  I work too much and I need my space! Most women dont offer that!
Half term is almost over 
Final thought for the day, does deodorant really make your lungs bleed when inhaled constantly? Certain females paranoid about BO 
Female and Male 3 year old Labs looking for new home  Family is loosing their home. Both must stay together. Contact me if interested.
@morgret Probably not, kinda expensive and we have to work. Most people have off weekends, we work. 
NW Macedonia: Few rainy days in a row. 
@turhangross Wow! Some person u are! 
is sitting in the marshall center w/Mina. Some1 must really not want me to go to the gym..this time i lost my wallet n w/no ID i cant go 
Aw man, Half Term isn't long enough    lol!
Ahhh i'm sqeaky clean and fresh. Even though i'm wearing dirty clothes  I love Two and a Half Men - it's amazing!
So glad its friday! Only 1 week of schol left.  im glad its almost summer though.
Just ran hair first into spiderweb full of baby spiders...i almost set my own hair on fire to get rid of them! Almost.  
@Certain_Songs I know  Especially since the summer is such a boring TV time to begin with.
@AsaCavalli wish I was there wit you. Some other friend of mine r down there as well.  This weekend I'll be working 
There's Only One Thing I Hate About Friends And Dats When They Move Skl They Forget About Yuu 
@TheRealKristi Many miles of driving today. No time to twitter 
Oh yeah, this is why I don't like waking up early.  Around mid-day I get all tired.  
So much to tell-Only blip is her immune system hasn't recovered-not yet a newborns. Give it 6 more months.  But that's nothing.
At The Only with @camfinlayson and @momotoronto, but not with @MoxieGarrett. 
D: he also ate the One of a &quot;C&quot;  i wanna go back to the restraunt now.
@Pandabeara  Bless your heart. I had the same issue w/ each of my pregnancies. You will survive. Three more weeks, girl.
@JoeCovenant: Over here they were called Marathon and now they must be imported.  So in the end, you got the last laugh.  
@Java4Two give you a HUGE hug - this is one of the toughest things to go thru, let yourself be sad as you need to be  (I had to last yr)
is sick with a sore throat right now which will turn into a cold soon enough   Around, bed soonish.
Twitta bugs...YOU'RE is the contraction for YOU ARE! For exmpl: You're my friend. NOT: Your my friend. Many people dont know this 
Still at BIAP   About to go for a run.
daydreamin - listening to MOCCA &amp; Ten2five song - have an headache 
Watching Castle on iTunes. Only 2 episodes left  @NathanFillion I love you in this series!
Plans for today changed. Younger girl started to throwing up 
@megelder me too LOL! Almost done with coursework and then we're off to no-interwebs land 
Half hour left of being a teen.  Nervous about the turnout of this &quot;party&quot;
@Java4Two awwwwwwwww i feel really bad 
Has a cold again. Twice in 3 weeks 
Something on the road...sparks, loud bang, thump, front end damage andbthe driver door won't open now. Joy! Only two more payments 
@agiftedmind Yup - Most likely an overreaction, but it's still pretty creepy when people make threats like that over a TV show. 
@cherryroad I haven't watched any Ten episodes but oh, I want Nine to be the Doctor forever.  I doubt my opinion will change.
We've moved on to Rent. Those support group scenes choke me up so bad 
@uexpectme2talk yeah you did....Twice 
Having no luck trying to locate @lady_southpaw at the Brooklyn Half Marathon http://yfrog.com/1autsj 
@ForrestRCW Your little girl Uno is so adorable! Proud to see you are secure in your manhood. Most men I know only see eggs as breakfast. 
Oh my god. Nerves are setting in. About to write my exam. I'm gonna fail. 
@drsigne these kind of crimes do happen. Most of them not even reported. 
I think when you should be asleep is a fine time to tweet! Only I have nothing fun to say. Bit of a downside actually 
@Rman5K Only just seen it, I like the look of it, no twin sticks though 
@Timaay Only if you want to spend 6 days in jail or the hospital   Moms always say better late than never 
@WavyNick Those damn bitches. How dare they take Tangerine away without a farewell run.   That's some cold blooded shit!
Twenty-one down....one to go....but as usual ...have left the hardest to last! ... 
@deL_C Five Guys.   ...can't eat that stuff much anymore 
@plumlipstick Unfortunately, &quot;trust&quot; isn't the answer. Most people just can't, alas, be trusted... 
I freakin hate this CBA! Two more paragraphs to go.. Until I'm done with my RD. 
@drnatalie ok. I buy that. but how does pharma implement socmed as cs? Many other b2b too.  #scrm #w2e
@paulaprojeto I only know where to find dutch ones I'm afraid Some of them have awesome stuff though, but waaaaaaaay out of my reach 
Cleaned out my freezer... Most astounding accomplishment of my life sadly 
Having mixed emotions about the Brooklyn Half. Running purposely slow is so not satisfying...and still in icedown mode on my knees too 
Said goodbye to my favorite aunt. Almost cried. 
God dammit, Pixar. Five months difference between the premiere date of &quot;Up&quot; in America and Europe? FIVE MONTHS? 
Somewhat shocked by BGT outcome, and I really want iphone 3.0 nowwww!! Several months wait = does not want 
@Skivensky Afraid not. Only got in 9km, this week. I'll try and do better....... 
Ugh. I am SO sunburned from Six Flags  I had fun, but now I can't even move.
@tommcfly: LUCKY!!! I wish i was there... I  dont even know what the ocean looks like... Only in the movies.  ill see the ocean someda ...
Certain times of the night bring in the most people and it's then that this happens quite FREQUENTLY lately!!!  
@RobertLHeureux Most isn't posted anywhere, actually  If I dig some up, and get them scanned I will let you know!
Watching the discovery channel and it's making me jealous. Most amazing places that I doubt I'll ever get to see. 
I'm still faceless.  Almost got kicked out bcz friends too off shirts (it was so hot in there) and you can't be shirtless in the place.O_O
Knit, purl, knit, purl, knit, purl... seed stitch sure is tedious  Almost done with the second blanket... hope I can finish it tonight.
Last day of Autum. Three long cold months ahead 
'You better think of me. I know you want to baby, think of me.' 11:11, I hate your guts. Twice a day, everyday, you mock me 
My girlfriend left to colombia 3 days ago. Only samantha ronson can make me feel better. 
So Bored All Of A Sudden. 
@marshallsheldon lol!!! Its true! Almost as bad as craigslist...maybe even worse 
http://is.gd/Ktaf    Nearly 50 parks, beaches and historic sites in the greater Bay Area region ... would close 
Still on page 4   http://bit.ly/hpLsf    Only 2 more days to go!  Vote vote vote 
@Mum_of_Six nooooo  ... why don't you take the heart radio box with u ?????
D'oh! I can't believe 7-Eleven is out of hot dogs. That shit is wiggity. 
Half of my new clothes are either too big or too small... Why can't they label them properly!! 
home at last. Long weekend. Some plants dead  Opps.
@bndesign I don't really know how long I had her  Several years...And now poor Coach has no one to look after her (she has allergies)
@shannyrpi xD Some guy shouted it REALLY loudly at slam dunk,i was upset 
Answer: Thirteen, first correct NOBODY 
needs privacy at all times... Certain informations are confidential and don't wish to let other people know... This makes me so upset. 
Just Sunbathed For Like 2 Hours And Aven't Tanned At All    
Never had chicken Laredo... spicy is good for me but The Other Half cringes at even the mildest chili 
Home Sweet Home!!!!!!.....Only 4 A Day Though 
@davepeckens I'm heading out to the park as well!  Different area though 
oh no school tommorow!  really really dont want to go! Half terms been gr8! nd reallly sunny!
@mileycyrus I voted  Multiple times  But it's not on TV here tonight  I wonder when I'll see it...
@CountryGardener Tried that  Different pics, different sizes, etc I'm guessing they are just going through a hiccup right now
Half term is now finished!!  It went so fast!! 
BBQ with the both families... Almost 
I'm already feeling the basketball withdrawl syndrome coming on. Only a a week or two left til october... 
For some reason technology seems to hate me today. Not cool at all. And I want to watch Thirteen Ghosts or Seven but we don't have them. 
Just watched marathon session of 24. Over for another year 
Brave and Seven is bad enough. but LYNDRI-freakin'-ETTE. oh my god 
cramming shit into ipod. Cross examination! Almost full 
@kathrynmercer It's a sad day when the age-old cure of egg&amp;soldiers can no longer solve all my problems. Seventeen is overrated 
@AuthorSaoirse_R Many authors get carried away though and seem to think they only need proofing - and publishers accept it to cut costs 
For @jmspool (continued): At least, folks who don't follow me are replying to my replies. Unfort. sometimes Tw chops off the leading For 
@purplepleather @teemwilliams is on Half &amp; Half Monday and Tuesday. I wish I was on Half &amp; Half  lol
Wooow creepy. Some sort of accident happened today in the same place mine did.  They just damaged the new guardrail I paid for.
 I Do It Every Day, I Fail Even More
I'd rather NOT go back to work tonight. The last two have been rough. Twelve more hours just might kill me.  
Forty dollars gone in half and hour. 
@kinagrannis only 5 songs  I am so excited to see you perform. Only 20 days!
Half Asleep  . Travelling All Day!
@grantluckey Twice as big as my TV 
Spending time looking at french horn solos to pick one to put in a tattoo, is harder than I thought.  Most are too short or too obscure 
In Bangkok. Had a good flight on Thai, no upgrade though  Wondering if the seats have shrunk or I've expanded. Most likely the latter!
So Close     Almost had a 4.0 gpa. GE Intro Level Class messed it up. Thanks so much film aesthetics. I hate you.
I wish there was a 7 Eleven!! I need some Vitamin C and echinacea.  where is a good man when u need one lol.
@kimixkimi Same here!  Both to waking up late and going to work  
Oh, arse! I missed the launch of SBS Two! 
@Josephinea197 Only second?  I thought she would get first for sure. 
Wanna watch #pixar 's #UP . The film releases in DECEMBER in Japan  Over half a year later? Not speed of 21st century.
http://www.senseaboutscience.org.uk/index.php/site/project/331/ WHO Sense About Science. The more I read, the more angry I get 
Just arrived at TFM. About to clock in and start my first day, nothing new to me really. I have to get used to waking up early. It sucks 
Eeeeeekkk! Only 10 pain pills left!  oh no!
I have to go to the dentist later.  Only thoughts of the new Tokio Hotel website is cheering me up.
@persiflage Poor Ten.  But at least he managed to save people. *hugs*
@justindrake05 8 hours..  Half of life is wasted! WASTED! @ least my countdown began an hour and 1/2 ago!
Nadal`s Four Years of Victory`s Gone. 
100 year old automaker, GM, files for bankruptcy today     Many effected....our best goes out.
I should probably haul ass to get the classes I want. Most of them are full. 
eeeww! i spilled O.J. all over the fridge! and cleaning it up is Almost like cleaning up puke!  NASTY!!!!  ____Family force ____
@LaniceW88 @Rodney_Eighty81  I used to have a mohawk 
@22HTx Lots of people said that, I found it really hard 
@alarmvsme You're not the only 1. Several more of my friends were laid off in PHX today. 
Bigger! Bag broke jumping onto tube which then trapped my foot! Almost lost my flip flop 
Reading at the moment. Almost done with the left behind series. 
@EPMorgan Most definitely - it sucks!  I wanna put my hols photos up - might start throwing a tantrum soonish, sure that will make it work
No one wonder it's sooo damn hot in my house. Some idiot accidentally turned the heater on 
@Campisi Some stations converted. We lost channel 9 -- the Conan channel -- a while back. 
EA, whilst that was great where the hell was Half Life 2 Episode Three? Please it's been almost two years 
My (not so) mighty mouse has decided today is &quot;freak out like a scared rabbit&quot; day. Few things so frustrating.  #crapple
Thirty minutes to go... I am so tired. 
@brightwhite Dozens of tries on two computers, three browsers, and two OSes 
Darn. Only got shortlisted for the floor job, guess the coverletter wasn't good enough for an interview. 
Still no laptop . . .   Other than that, things are awesome
@woodsprite Pretty sure Seven and I will not be there as one of her cats died 
@wickedjaci44 Make sure to watch the next game  my guess is Pittsburg will win it. Both teams playing well.
@XanderSliwinski They showed a Splinter Cell demo, that's all you missed. Most of it has been talk. 
Today started out so nice and sunny. Around 1pm, it started raining.....and still hasn't stopped. 
#e3 two decent games from ubisoft, but no new Rainbow Six 
@kaboogie I don't go &quot;out&quot; enough as I want.  Most of my &quot;out&quot; is to work that involves dirt, or mud.  cute things stay home those days 
@FatDaddySweets it makes me sick! I tried to eat burger... Half way through I had to run for the bathroom 
@Ahmier I have skeeter bites all over my legs and feet  blast A&amp;F for their Only FlipFlop rule 
@bonnietsang Aww...  Other than the bugs, how was it??? 
@TRACTAHPULL yea, I'm lost. Over emotional is more like it.... 
I loved that song, but now I can't even listen to it anymore! I feel like a random Number Eight 
having fits because I think I just lost a boatload of images on flickr.  Including my maternity pics 
@JaneBurgess You will be judged?  WTF?  Some people need to get a life. 
Lovely sunny day - having a walk and a poo in the park. Other dogs seem particularly grumpy this morning - no one wants to say hello 
@johnwriter : Bingo! Only, us being at the receiving end, being 'casual' extracts a far higher price. 
@PinkM LOL! Over here is good, I took a mandatory holiday yesterday for Kenya and whatnot. I'm paying for that today 
Grizzly Bear - Two Weeks. Junior Cert  The internet on a portable device is way too distracting. Learning English and Irish poems.
Just came back home from training. The heat was so intense! Almost collapse while playing. FYI, my knee hurts 
Sitting in the office forced to look at the sunshine from my window  At least I have a window to stare through. Only 2 wks to my run :-&amp;
Sighhhhhhhh. Some followers appear pretty hinky. In one, their website and every link in tweets takes you to nasty places. Sighhhhhh 
@KingOfAnkh Six to a pie? I don't get it, I'm a foreigner 
Why am I up with my east coast tweeps? Certain someone decided they can't sleep 
@brewstermax sorta......yeah. Around 4:30am. Only 4hr sleep. 
I Have IQ Of 123 Only. 
*flails* Too hot to be inside  Only 50 minutes until I can go home \o/
is excited to see UP with The Boy. Only 1 month left of quality time 
@sneakerfem24 many were offended by my Six Flags comment 
Wristcutters and Half Nelson are on Sundance Free Movies on Demand! There goes my afternoon 
@TawnyHeath I was just trying to give you a dozen roses 
ehh my party is no good. Almost over 
@MyLifeROI Between you and I, I'm sure we could have done a hell of a lot better job running GM 
My X-Box did not like a 16x burn of a movie, but an 8x burn is skip free. Only took me 3 tries to get it right 
@swissgirl76 I am sooooooo tired ! *already has phantasies about the compfy Marriott* Only had 2 hours of sleep 
@tannerblount oh you know me, i'm usually  Over the little things!
Ahh player went dead.  i miss x, i miss Msia. Two more two more &lt;3
@IJonesTW3 Only because you ran away from me.  Also, drinks are a 'yes' so long as you don't try to rope me into another couples night.
Half a day to clean a bkshelf! &amp; I'm not even done! Pathetic. 2 more shelves to go  Arh, tmr will tackle. Nw gettin ready for jog!
@David_Tennant Thanks for the DM. Shame all the posts concerning Ten will be lost. End of an era in more ways than one. I loves my Ten... 
just found out one of my brothers has twitter... Riiiight. About to leave for my exam now  WIsh me luck 
@Hellaboi The Power of Three!!!!! Soon in the Caribbean! I know  miss you 
@nikowa I agree [Seven Pounds]. Difficult to understand at first, but in the end, wahhhh!!  LOL
@adamnelson Insured yes. Backed up data for YBL, no. Some things money cannot buy 
&gt;@faisalkapadia: Dozens of students are still missing in the cadet college kidnapping  #pakistan
@soaps3 Nope...Only for High school around here    Its sooo sad!
Yet another exam. Almost done. History paper 4 here I come. 
Link: Most replace half of their friends every 7 years - acab: Does this mean my time is almost up  http://tumblr.com/xn51xwaj9
@randyr I did!!! Twice!! 
one final down. Only four more to go 
@cdnstar I figured as much. Most places don't do anything. 
@TheSims3 My copy is still in the mail  Almost bought it when I was at wal-mart last night, but decided to forgo the return process!
@VivaLaAden yup! Older than me. And she's having seizures  makes me sad.
Argh! Three lectures to watch this week  I better get started soon...
I'm sad... y'know why? Only 4 followers  x
Goodmorninnngg! Lots of errands and then on my way to the airport at 4 am. Ahhh 
Baking brownies for the little farts. Half day all home!! 
@LaylaBeth  Only just met you and now you may be moving 
@Haras0dello7 no   Those were gone in the first 20 minutes
@JasonCalacanis oh from the angle u took this picture I take it u just came out of Five Guys on Bleeker... yummmy... yeah its pouring 
So according to Seventeen, i suck at flirting 
@Mum_of_Six you ok lovely ?  sending hugs.
@herbisorbis Thank you! We never really studied music at any of musics, at least not its history.  Some of the side by side versions are..
@churbauer never ever been there, srry  Many people seemto look like me. Success, I`d call it! :-D
@Hoskh Most days are bad 
Trying to lighten up! How hard to plan a trip......Almost giving up! 
Almost finished with Half Blood Prince. Even though I know what's going to happen, I still get a little teared up 
@andreslucero haha I hate that I miss twif live.  Those two are so fun. Podcast later on isn't the same.
Half way done.  
@arthritisfriend I'd given up coffee beg. of yr, but fell off the wagon. Most recent flare after coffee w/ equal. Staying away for now 
@mrfrank505 and @snowppl were hit with a water ballon. In full daylight. Almost died... 
@selfproduction No  Some internet shipping clients allow for it, but mostly it's a trip to the post office.
this week's track record is not the best. Between insomnia or horrible dreams, I'll take... wait, why do I only have those two options? 
@Eminemdrdre00 Most planes dont, so yeah... no Maria until tomorrow. 
I got hit on my bike. I was recklessly cruising through a stop sign. So was he, turning right sans blinker. Half my fault, but still: ow. 
OH DEAR.  About to get ready for @WesleyCarr and I have a massive pimple on my chin.  I hope he's not offended 
@EthanSuplee - Only 2 strip searchs 
@DebbieFletcher well,it's not my video! Some other fans made it! I think they wanted to send it there,but there's no email address on it! 
Listenin' to: &quot;It's Over&quot; by Vertical Horizon. Such a sad song. Aww. 
Remember, another new PushingDaisies episode tonight at 10pm on ABC!!  Only 2 new eps left 
Just had one of those &quot;lock all 4 doors and have cell in your hand&quot; moments in my car. Some dude was following me...spooky 
Finishing up Little Jurassic People Trailer. Almost no time to check out E3 
@LeChantdOiseau Nearly all my guests this year are frnech , but bookings are down 
I'm awaiting anxiously to buy Blink 182 tickets. Ten more minutes! I had a nightmare last night where I didn't get them 
@RicoDanielle It's so hard to call your hotline. Some people are already calling even if you didn't cue. 
Seventeen bug bites, i just finished counting them. 
Half of my face hurt... just imagine getting hit by a ping pong ball in full speed in your face!!! 
@zuHriiiii Almost dead broke for me 
Done! Nearly fell asleep 5 hrs in  need a power nap
@InEveryWordISay Some are but the portions are so small. I'm always hungry. 
@GayRainArmy Half the time your links are faulty 
Half way through breaking dawn  well atleast im almost back to bellas side of the story =/
@karenkarr So, that's what the office tension was all about.  B wasn't very specific.  Hmmm.  Two steps forward, one step back. 
My wife's old horse She's A Ten was put down this morning.  That horse taught me how to ride. 
@sheseesred that's a late puncture  chin up, and coffee soon? @AgeC has somewhere new he wants us to try. Different is wrong! ;)
@CoachTomFerry Some people don't care! Shopping is LIFE for them! LOL I would too, if I was able. 
At a PTA conference. Some people need to read before they ask questions. Its like being back in school. 
Safe to say I'm entering week2 of the migraine that won't go away. None of my meds are working, think its time to see a DR. 
@diplo sounds like a right 'ol tear-up! Only 200 miles is keeping me from it 
@sharoncarpenter lol, we didnt get the wuk up on camera - u going to miss Crop Over oh no 
I bought a pack of cigs yesterday. Half the pack is gone. 
I apologize to my followers for me freaking out. I did not win the contest either  sad. Only two hours at work left!
Eff my phone doesnt till me it keeps taking money from my account. Eight dollars the past day  five dollars is suppose to last 16days
Eight months of snow is enough 
@ThisisDavina i'm loving charlie, can't believe he's gay!  Typical
@iamLLCoolJ L I still can't get enough of ur song Around the way girl. The 90s were the best!!! The music will never b the same. 
It is so... taunting that trending topics are Sims 3 AND the Palm Pre. Two things I want reallllllly bad. 
Things that make me hit the back button, #umpteenth: when he's called &quot;Ten&quot; in the fic itself. 
@kat_n Haha, no not tonight, they were all on beer and cider, i don't really like that much so didn't have much! Almost home, shattered 
Wow. Over 600 updates. (The first one to use a meme gets kicked in a part that will hurt him  )
I'm writing a piece for small string orchestra. I'm scared. Some encouragement would be nice... 
@DonnieWahlberg  I'd be wearin mine but still waiting on it! Over a month man! 
SKO  Almost the end. Nicola smothers us with affection. &lt;3
Fooooood is so fucknnnn expensiveeee ughghhghggh!!!! Only if I wasn't hungrry 
@THE_WOCKEEZ Of course they will!! i wish i was there  So how did your show go and how is the energy tonight?
Watching Pushin Daisies.  Only 3episodes left. 
@queenofblending  its ok. Only uncooth ppl would ever ask someone that
Had a wkd night at Bar Six-T-Nine, but wishes he could pull like he used to. Too fat now 
@7_of_Nine OOC:  I think just us, and I have to go soon.  
I am having issues with Blogger. Some of your blogs have been unavailable to me for several days  That makes me feel out of the loop!
one day until the beach.   Already Packed.
@jenciTN  Several of your Twitpics aren't working, Jenci, including the very last one - please reupload them later when you're home
@Eighty4TheBoss haha whut u been up 2 mama. u dont b fuckin wit me nomore 
I gots me some Mosquitoe bites  Lots and Lots of them.
But my New Every Two isn't til next May. Sooner than I thought it'd be, but still. WHINE. If I don't wait, the phone will cost me $409 
@alissha Crap!! Only one so far. 
@DaStreetPoliBoy  biggest lie: I love you      Most common lie: yeah, I'm great in bed.............. (followed by the obvious!)
Blimey!  Two weeks of lovely sun now its pouring down 
Arghh. Lots of rain. So NOT fun times!! 
Half fancy a pot of tea, but I've had no food and that combo would make me nauseous, so it's more coffee. Running out of milk 
Maybe scientists theories that time is speeding up is correct. Half way through the year already 
@jeromea @taytaybulls told me Button was in the country a few years back - and no one paid attention  He was still with Mild Seven daw.
Wish I could cut this tether to the past...Only scissors that cuts that rope is a lobotomy tho...stupid memories  
How's the weekend?  It's rainy here at the Ringtone studios.    Some delicious bacon would cheer me up.
so I'm up....  Over-slept church...
@Mum_of_Six oh thats so cool!.. i've never been preg at same time as anyone i know  you must be so proud of her.. she's so beautiful 
Heading out of 3 hr. fix gear ride in a bit. I love this bike for workouts with some hills thrown in also. Over slept for the WCC ride! 
I think nerves are far outweighing excitement right now  #Twenty20
Any version of linux + ATI drivers = epic fail...... Almost makes a man want to use windows 
@Rogue_Leader he could. I can't get twitter on my phone (my good 1 broke I now have Ikea phone).Nearly always in though so laptop fine 
http://twitpic.com/6u8sh - The sky is so hazy today.  in the distance you can see Coors Field and Six Flags(?)
@NikkiBenz Most of the time they don't feed you 
Gahh, days like today stress me out. Three residents going in three different directions, a sick baby, and a whiny grounded resident. 
I almost got The Academy EP today. Almost. 
a box of After Eights.........now i feel sick 
gutted at the end of The Apprentice. Only good show that was on wednesdays 
@iloveeejonas i dont like to approve of it  I cant! I think selena was the best. Only 4 more years till they get married.
@SaraS85 that's a shame  Many (many) years ago I used to ride. Loved going to gymkhanas etc. and used to enjoy getting those clear rounds!
fun day at the beach! Almost learned how to successfully skim board but it's too impossible and I'm far too uncoordinated 
@BuffaloGold wow, I've never done that (or tried to....)  Only you....sure wish I was going to hang out with you guys next week. 
@erinhuggins Nothing at ours yet except for tomato starts &amp; eggs  Have a local produce stand I frequent. Most shipped up from Cali
Half time- where is @djsucio to watch this with me 
@mojojuju I only know &quot;the One&quot; the all knowing one...your situation isnt hopeless it just that its not up to us 
@charltonbrooker's article has cheered me up now (#bnparetwats and all that). Only ever made one mix tape and it didn't go down well 
Heading back home from Six Flags- without my Camera 
@Johncmayer show sold out!!! Disappinted. Across the street at Kitchen Twenty-Four. 
@tinythoughts Ahh love them! Over my limit for concert tickets though or I'd totally go with you 
Half way through my grounded punishment  2 more weeks to go.
My positive thinking has backfired. I left the house without a jacket and now it's raining. Half-empty wins again! 
@TerriNixon Only if we're rich, otherwise I'll have to stay here and hold down a job 
@the8333696 don't even think that would help today LOL even my &quot;Some people are like slinkies&quot; picture isn't helping today  LOL
Its official. Six Flags has filed for bankruptcy   
Headed to MEPS now... Almost time to go to Missouri 
My phone's away to get fixed. Nearly 2 week's without it. Arrrg 
@prycie Unicef is the first logo we've worn on our shirts.  Some worry that when the Unicef logo ends, we will let a company buy a spot 
Half of my posters fell down last night, i wasn't happy 
@MartinDigon Five years on from &quot;free brekkie for bikers&quot; at the Philips staff canteen, the injustices still continue  
*Reading The Five Orange pips to take mind of scary thunder* 
@Mum_of_Six omg.. they are !!! but i hav trouble handlin my own shit... lol... so would havta turn you down... n with a heavy heart 
Man I'm in pain!  need 2 go home soon! Almost time too lol
@jetlbomb You can watch it online on the Five website, but I think you have to pay &amp; download their own media player 
channel 3..so sad   Some people are so effin sick!
england is knocked out the ICC World Twenty20 by west indies 
@JohnWeston Many moons ago now 
Wow. Only 2hrs 35min late. 
@AndrewNeo Some counties are just turning rural roads back to gravel to save money. 
ok, well, as tasty as my tofu was, I now feel ill.  Most likely cause it was the first thing I ate today.  
16 shows booked for Edinburgh.  Some sold out already  but hey-ho means we can find some other stuff to go to, or find time to eat, sleep
@Emizzle4 awww  Some time when you have a free weekend we should throw you a twitter birthday party! those are fun! 
I have to pack tonight.  I hate packing.  Almost as much as I hate unpacking 
Studying for exams all week   Almost done for the summer!!! 
@Free_Spirit55 Almost time to go home.  Probably have to do grocery shopping tho 
Hoping I graduate on time  sooo Many things to do so little time! I need to go into OVERDRIVE
I just can't seem to get better! Almost over 5 days of the flu... 
@mohss I think that is only the upgrade price from vista basic to windows 7 basic  Most netbooks come from XP so it doesn't help.
I'm watching Two and a Half Men and missing my doggies.  
I think my whole body aches. I was pretty lazy @ work tonight, something that NEVER happens.  Three days in a row was a killer.
@Glass_Half_Full I am so bad. I finally got one to load. But I felt it judy rambled. So I didn't post it. 
@MamaBee4 Some trick I read in a blog.  I think it keeps them from following back or something.  
@colbertobsessed Thanks. Seventeen is just too young for one to die 
Swam 30 laps and tried to run.  Only made it 4 laps around the track 
Watching Across the Universe. For the third time. I miss you. 
Dammittttttttt. Only when I have my phone it doesn't ring but when I put it down I miss important calls. Fml 
@meggytron Twice. 
I'm in need of a new phone.  hella lookin on CL. Half my check is gone before it has even been cashed. Blahhhh.
@TempSec Oh no, sounds horrible  Nearly over now then lovely x
My shots from The Fumes/The Novocaines gig the other night. Half got destroyed in the harddrive crash   http://bit.ly/Gyo5J
ECDL work is so boring  Nearly done tho...
is still thinking about going to the thing in Members' Only tomorrow. grad practice in the afternoon, demmit. 
me and glenn Nearly died today no joke 
Half day! But busy afternoon and evening 
Oh no! One of my axies is sick!!!   I hope I can make him better.
@darealya I hate you for that  I wanna head to that same beach, at this very moment! But.. Only hard work remain for me.
@darealya I hate you for that  I wanna head to that same beach, at this very moment! But.. Only hard work remains for me.
Caleb is playing in his bouncer. The dogs &amp; cat are napping. I'm watching Golden Girls. Only thing missing is @techsaavy 
I hate this!!!! Between the hours of 8 to 11, are ruining my life, I guess I deserve it for being stupid in school. 
@WestEndUpdates or The Thirty Nine Steps if we are being precise 
What's up with my City of Lost Children DVD? Half of the dialogue isn't subtitled. Having to watch the English dubbed verison 
Half my hairs deflated 
My first call of the day got escalated because another department messed up. Setting the tone for the day? Most likely 
I miss caro. Three days is too long 
Holy crap. Just getting caught up on Bones. Only the season finale left. 
Franky fell off the bed. Onto the hardwood. Many tears and a bloody nose. I feel like the worst mom alive 
 to the Twenty20 result.
Just came Home from graduation. And Already I miss my fav teacher 
I really want to buy 'And Tango Makes Three', but it's 20$. 
Aaa lunch time. So loaded w work  but its ok. Many people aren't working I'm glad I am!
@michaelb Not yet, I've not even played the games I've had for a while from there, need to play/return.  Few other games I've wanted too.
It's extremely annoying that any @[my handle] tweet from tweeps I follow now shows in my both my &quot;Recent&quot; &amp; &quot;Messages&quot; tab on #TwitterFox 
Woop. Most of the day off tomorrow...though i have to go in for 3.25 for twilight 
headache coming on  Only got Jack for an hour tomorrow so I am gonna hopefully do website catchup then.
If there was a productivity strategy called &quot;Inbox Four Thousand&quot; I would be right there 
@lucky13gfx You jus wish Fifty liked you, 
So tired of having to defend my name and my character. Between the guys and the girls, I don't know who's worse when it comes to gossip 
Fall down and cutting both my knees&lt; broken heart. Both hurt but it takes alot longer to fix a broken heart 
I feel wretched! Some saving is in order. No more, no more, no more.  
We're temporarily stopping MMskitz  Only cuz of video preperation, technical maintenance and oh yeah, we're making our own website!!!!
Listening to daft punk in this horrible weather ...... And realized how I miss daft punk   Around the world around the world
Going to school now, just for half the day. Other half I have to study big ass Mathematics 
@soniawei 8th! Hehehehe. Nearly got removed from the race which was sad 
Finished english. Only got monologue left to do. 
@innocentdrinks Why can't I buy any of your drinks at the Shell corner shop next to my flat? http://is.gd/14eLq Only lumo energy drinks 
Laying here with my mind going a mile a minute.. Figures .. 
I'm really going to miss the laid back culture of Spain.  Only one week left here 
Another punishing day ahead.  Phone has already rung - these boxes won't move themselves you know.  Nearly run over 3 times on way in 
Sitting Around. I cant sleep 
I can't sleep. Between my son having nightmares  poor baby, and my allergies kickin my buttocks, I.....yep, you guessed it....can't sleep.
Feeling bored, after finishing all Pass tasks, and having no idea about what to do next. Only a day and a week left, unfortunately. 
It took me a half hour to get to work this morning. I wish I lived in Bethesda with @missFarida. Only in my wildest dreams 
@weightfor160 LOL, lucky! Most of mine are advertising spam bots. 
Breakfast is done. Going on to morning Bible Study.. Some of the team leaders are getting substitutes to teach cuz their voices are gone 
@rachelkae I heard  I woke up at 5 EST this morning to try to download.  Only a few more hours then.
@griffintech Same here. Only I have to wait until 1300 EDT. 
@LushRachiebaby  Lots of hugs for you xx
Two crashes at Running Aces this weekend!  Most everyone was ok, 1 driver taken away in ambulance.
@lesley007 I'm v jealous!  Half starving myself to lose weight &amp; haven't had choc for weeks 
@Lakers girls better do something amazing atthis parade!Most likelythey will just ruin thebeauty thatis goinon  unfortunately they SUCK!!!
No iPhone updates for me   Multiple attempts but activation server is a no go.
10yr old in critical condition after car accident last night-neither driver had licenses! http://tinyurl.com/krnze4 Typical where I live. 
@Padrepablo Most of the time there are no answers tho 
I'm so bummed. Three of my plans got cancelled today 
I don't wanna go to work tomorrow! Yuck! Two open to closes in one week suck! 
Haven't been on here for like forever....finally 16!!! Almost a year since we left for Samoa..how fast time flies 
Greeeat. Almost took the cat's head off taking out the recycling. 
Off to see the fella ... Almost forgetting what he looks like now that it's ever 2 weeks. 
@MaryKMyal Regular hiphop. I dislocated my hip years ago &amp; I'm feeling the effects again 
Woo Three is getting the jesus phone. Temptation has doubled 
Watching &quot;18 Kids &amp; Counting&quot; on Discovery Health. Two teenage girls getting their wisdom teeth out. One of them is so scared! Poor girl. 
@TheDCD Only too often.  
Hoping for the best! Only time will tell 
Haha, @garyvee was great on Fallon! Only thing that would have been better would be if I was at the party 
@ederic lol, I can't cite that in my case. Almost everyone's married - and a number of them single *again* after annulment 
Drat! Only one CFD remaining 
Loves brent. Almost done with my english! =} then i can go to sleep. Memorial service tomorrow,  i'm a tad nervous my emotions will ta ...
And The Weeks Almost Over....  
@siaan of work? I haz 91mins left! Most of those in a team meeting though 
I could sleep for a week, need to iron some clothes though. Only got 2 dreadful hours sleep last night 
@timbloebaum I feel like a fricking elderly person when that shit happens. Almost at the point of rereading control schemes in 'Help' 
@7_of_Nine OOC:  *shakes head* I don't understand it, either, but it happens.  Fairly often, unfortunately.  
Bah!  Only one customs agent on duty...this will take time 
@Java4Two oh I hate those appts. I'm sorry 
Hmph. Only lost half a pound at my @RosemaryConley class. I've been really good this week too. 
Took a walk with my new puppy Mona (: she's so cute! Almost lost her when she ran after a kitty! that would've been sad 
@demonbaby We cant have your hopes and dreams crushed  Between you @BillyMorrison &amp; @SteveIsaacs you guys have just vibrated me silly lol
Half my day is gone 
Half naked guys have arrived 
@Twenty4thEleven tell me about it 
@ThaRealBR my ninja! Half that stuff is @ magic mountain..let's goooo!!! This time without my dumb ex  LoL!
I need a new desktop. Few things suck more than having to borrow someone else's computer b/c mine isn't fast enough for video 
@mydoctortennant riots are fun. Unfortunatly the police are far too organised here. Over before it began 
@MrsAri Only just got home from work  Husband sounded sober on the phone and is asleep now??! I hear stubbsy and lawro were good fun! x
@OBNW  Most
@bozeman20 I can say, sadly, i have seen about a dozen of those 
I wish i could get blocked off youtube or something! I seem to keep watching loads of sad videos.. Certain ones in particular 
Yesterday's tummy problem returned tonight with a vengance. Half tempted to go to the ER if it gets any worse 
I'm bored and bobo is still really cranky.  Almost bed time for him and Bree...
@gstarbeat  No! Only doing Florida.   I can't handle a whole month without you in my life.
I fail at drawing.  I feel so lame right now. I should be about to work on Act Two, not still working on Act Zero!
Half way thru washing my window at the gas station before I notice the water smells like egg fart 
I broke my nail!  Nearly the weekend whoop whoop! x
So much to do, so little time. Half the year is almost gone. 
Twelve thirty. Too late to take sleeping pills. 
Oh It's Over 
@FlissWyatt Awww! Only just seen your tweet about needing a hug!! Sending you a mahusive one as we speak! I need one too today! 
Is all like dancing around her bedroom to Twenty Twenty and wishing she could go Blastbeat     Anyone wanna talk to my mom bout it for me?
@maczter They're making us wait outside until 6  Only 11 of us here so far. Reserved but wanted to hit the line ;) How is it there?
why oh why oh why did my boys have to choke in the Twenty20 semi's after being unbeatable  Rats!
says &quot;Three migraines in one week.. what are the odds.&quot; 
Repeated wakings from dreams of bugs crawling on my face and arms and not being able to yoga properly may make for a long tiring day 
I'm Over my house right now...no rehearsal for the whole summer thats crazy we better have some meetings so i can kiki lmfao 
Heart is breaking for the Georgia Theatre.  Many dates there in college with my wife. 
@LadyLindsay sadly no nap - especially in the HEAT. Some places will see triple digit temps 
Zip Lining today in Monteverde. Only 4 days left 
@jeffcleveland good! Over night went awesome, morning started off strong, not as busy as last year. 
Eight hours and thirty seven minutes to go. ouch, depression really does hurt 
@MollyJ87 no plans. also the sexy man is a wish. Most people are at work now. I will have to get my own blueberry pancakes.  boooo!
Bad weather day.  Is that a siren? Most go. TGIF everyone- have a happy weekend!
@jrheam Terrible! About to storm,doesn't feel like summer since it's been cool &amp; raining a lot. Supposed to play beach vball today too! 
Pfeh. Some truck came by spewing so much pollution it's coming in my window.  #airpollution
I love Two And A Half Men..rofl(: I'm guna miss talking to Calum this weekend 
Half of the team is on its way to meet Lou and his team on the Coolsign stand - we running out of time now to meet all those we want to 
Who needs a job anyways? Certain people, at a certain place of employment, can suck mine!   
@Java4Two I almost said &quot;at least they'll match&quot; but that's not funny  so I'll just wish a great weekend for you instead.
getting paid today, but gotta work. And NO Six Flags for me tomorrow. 
@RogersKeith This has been a big problem. Many went on your advice this morning, only 2 waste time &amp; leave frustrated and angry.  Unhappy.
my blood pic keeps going away.  well, lunch is outta the way. Almost time to go and get the weekend started.
oh the ad has actually made me dislike aay again. Over played too much. 
SLA 2009 was fine, and close enough to drive. But keeps getting shorter; this year only 2 full days + a bit. Almost not worth flying 
@GuyKawasaki Only with MobileMe 
Crap! Two detours before home... 
scratch that. is going to Berkeley. Only, if I decided earlier 
last day in Kauai! Almost time to go home 
@portlandist hehehe. Thanks for the Almost follow friday. ;) there's only one C. 
Still hungry but want to go on holiday nowwww  Sunshine. Funtime. Most important, tan time!!!!!!!!  http://twitpic.com/7u4tp
@bigwormy @EuroRockRadio J&amp;G wrote 95% of songs. Already in process of forming with like-minded musicians. Hard but neeed decision. 
Really wanna see Year One tonight. 
@jakressaty I have, like a dozen times... calling supprot.  muther f...
Feeling bad that I've been working since 9 and now the storms are getting BAD. Only 1 more hour and then I can get home to my poor puppy. 
Somewhere nick abel is watching and laughing. Seven to zip trenton. 
@NikkBrown Only other free program I can think of is twitterberry... 
sorting thru loot from WWphilly. editing list of &quot;still need&quot;. Many big names no show today. will fight crowds tomorrow for signatures 
Getting ready to take @georgedick to the airport for his next stint in Anchorage. Many heavy hearts - it sucks when he's not here 
@7_of_Nine ooc yup, /I/ don't have the money(wish I did sites look great, and my moms unwilling to spend business money 
@RogersKeith This has been a big problem. Many went on your advice this morning, only 2 waste time &amp; leave frustrated and angry.  Unha ...
Ouch I have a headache.  Almost time for me to go home! I actually have the weekend off! 
smh...#dontyouhate nOt knOwiing hOw 2 dO dOpe shyt Liike Other niigga`s On the cOmputer 
Aw.  Only saw the last few minutes of Family Guy.
@xoVictoria Other than teenie ones?! Probably none  
Oasis today! YEY!! . . . . Only one other place id rather be right now though!! 
Just heard tc's game over at the club...... Game Over... 
Downloading Aion.  Only 452 to go.  &quot;452 what?&quot; you ask.  I don't know, it won't tell me 
Spilled my monster  Some of it got on my ipod. &amp; where did you goooooooooooo.
@MontyPrime Imagine: Some kid out there just saw that. Childhood ruined. 
@LucasBlack Only thing was babe, reading your page I couldnt see any of the pics relating to the ceiling, they were empy with that red x. 
Has AnyOne HeaRd Of @MrFiliG WeiRd That We LiVe ToGethEr Yet I HaVeN't HeaRd Of HiM... 
Lots of ironing to do 
Just left the gym -50mins on the treadmill !! Almost 3 miles yah!!! Now it's time to clean up  http://myloc.me/4CT3
Both G &amp; I luv &quot;The Proposal.&quot; Bullock: awesome! But, serious color correction for film!  Several scenes with drastic color variation 
@al_ice I was actually very disappointed in Seven Pound 
Half of college life over.. 
I hope Fredward hurries up tagging things...I want something to look at. Only 1/3 of the way through 
So tired, head hurts, &amp; over thinking, but my pillow top feels so good!! Only get to bond w/ it for 2hrs then I've GOTTA be up &amp; moving. 
@_polythenepam Aww, that is sad. Almost 17 yrs...why am I not surprised though? 
Mulan Two ; Misssin a Quince today  Thats fuckiin BOOOTY !
Long call with cust. I know, in detail, his quad-bypass, wife's cancer, the university he attended.  Over a 4cent credit. Not j/king. 
Just finished set up in the pouring rain. Bands have started going on. Few peeps in da streets. Am worried about tryna sell soggy pillows 
@falonia oh unfortunately no. Both sis an bro have tuition courses. And my trip with friends got cancelled TWICE ! 
listening to the songs of Santi &amp; Almost Here bring back so many memories of the first TAI... show i went to....it's so sad 
Half day at PictureMe today... I'd rather be at my best friend's grad party 
I feel vile. Nearly fainted in work 
Guh, hot and humid again today. I regret the sweater :/ Almost home too, and i dont wanna do chores 
In traffic. Almost like cali, so its bad. I think im losing my voice. 
Watching Burn After Reading... Ten stars do not necessariliy make a good movie... 
@MrMarzipan Some of their songs are pretty good! I really do wish I hated their music; really, I do! But I kinda like it and it blows. 
@AMiller31 oh so it's not that bad! Only 3 weeks and you are done with school forever. At least you don't have 6 years like me 
Scattered my grampas ashes today  hope you get the bottle of whisky i threw in &lt;3 miss &amp; love you.
Missing the hubby so much right now. Sixty-three weeks down, eight more to go. *sigh* 
@herbadmother Almost nobody intimidates me but hairdressers? Always  That might be why I only get my hair cut about 2x a year.
@Glass_Half_Full Hmmm I haveno idea 
Half way done. I haaaate studying. This is taking forever.  I wish @britter_bug was here.
Going to watch Valkryie and Seven Pounds this evening. I've got nothing to do and no one to hang out with 
@rokkster - spent some time on their website today and not impressed at all. Some forms aren't clear. Mega CB issues too  #fail
The Dune Three: I only managed to remember one answer... 
@Chedsorr Five. Thirty. In the feckin' MORNING. Why the hell did you agree to go to that? Now you'll have to go to bed really early 
@jadedoto The issue is learning to ignore what's in my head, though  Almost the EXACT same anxiety problems I had in high school &gt;.&lt;
Sometimes I miss following &amp; followed-by 1,400 people.  Almost always could get a reply 
@lucybravener i so envy you. You've been to europe like what? Twice? 
&quot;Seventeen Forever&quot; is stuck in my head FOREVER!!! (thanks a lot..)    but i love it!!!!
Woo hoo. Drive in!! Only thing missing is my man 
Done with the run. Almost ran over several things in the last sprint   now to actually train!
@scottharrison Just switched as well.Only dislike so far is after I finish this tweet,a refresh will take place where I left off reading. 
@donlemoncnn That video is scary to watch. Barely saw a thing, but at the same time, scary to watch. 
#phish yup and Three Rivers too , my last 
@Arktist Some have said that carrying the Qu'ran does not stop them from beating them, so I don't know if that helps.  #iranelection
@Charlyface My bed. Some boxes. The coffee table is gone. 
Thirty and still can't spread my wings. 
@AdieJonas Six Flags. It takes up all my freaking time. I freaking hate it  But I'm here now 
Study Abroad in China &amp; Volunteering in Guatemala: Almost Over  http://bit.ly/QI5qI
@JaeMusick Some dike 
Half hour  don't know if I can take it..I might go with them..any objections?
@hessiebell The 8G. I won't ever fill it. What apps have you downloaded? Half of my free apps don't work. 
@Aanga Only when they are one in the same I guess. I know it's not something I could put down.. 
Why am I working on sunday? I think everybody should be in bed as long as possible! Including meeee!!! 
Why am I working on sunday? I think everybody should be in bed as long as possible! Including meeee!!! 
Half way. Lots of crashes! Marshalling is not good either  #L2B
@SaraJBenincasa Only slept for 3 hrs? That can't be a good thing. 
just realized i'm wearing the Michigan bball shorts i got when the Fab Five went to the Final Four.  then i realized that was 1993.  
Weekend with the Kids... Many things to do in preparation for MX trip next week... Little Bike 
@heidiheartshugs prob is.. Only 2.5hrs sleep last night then worked 12hrs... so yawnin 
Who wants to come over and cook me a full English? Only part I have is the beans... 
A bad day for Button  Only 6th!
Half an hour here now. 
is cutting the crash and feeling quite light-headed. Already cut my thumb. Antibiotics and prescription painkillers perhaps not idea. 
@TheBadCop Only 1 so far. Cache saturation is insanely bad here.  #GQotD
3 hours and Counting 
via @LauretteIAm: Only 1 so far. Cache saturation is insanely bad here.  GQotD http://bit.ly/BXQa
Flight delays stink. More so, after a fun wknd. BOS has probs with equpmnt in 1 runway, winds make other unusable. Only one is operating. 
just eaten quite a large portion of &quot;Half Baked&quot; ice cream and now feel sicky 
Other nice Picture. Hola is cleaning our windows. Few minutes later there was heavy rain   http://twitpic.com/84o56
@robbyRawrtastic It is really sad! It's a really really nice printer!! Many hundreds of dollars! 
Polyrhythmic arpeggiators are a great idea. Many synths are limited to 16ths (maybe sextuplet) resolution --&gt; hand programming 
Blogged sumthin: I missed FUDCon  : Between all the major hoopla going around in my house for .. http://bit.ly/doKi2
Last night while inebriated, I got into this show &quot;Stranger Among Bears&quot; only to find out after 3 episodes the show is over 
@amazingstill oh but I don't know to dance. Lol. Of all the things I know how to do I don't know how to dance. 
@BeckyMcCray  LOL. Only diff for us is stuff goes bad. BikeWeek we sell lots of clam chowder; made gallons. Bikers didn't come. 
@Captbob007 Two summers ago. 
took an hour!   Almost out of work, woohoo!!
http://twitpic.com/87kfw - Typical H! discovered he was going to vets so went out fighting last night. lampshade &amp; antibiotics 
Its the last tan at tiki. Many memories since 2004  taaaarrrrraaaaaa
A bird just landed on my head. Twice! 
#coolbandsmadeuncool the airborne toxic event when they played Sometime Around Midnight on 90210  lol
@SexySoccerGirl  and Yes All Of The Those Gossip Its About Us. 
@theendtime We had some the other day. Half a dozen. I got one before they were GONE. I was bummed. Chocolate glazed with sprinkles. 
Finishing Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close and laying down. I would say text me but I won't have a phone til I get my charger tomorrow 
Break. Three more hours! I wish I could see my Meggy today 
Half way at the point i want to passout, but i think some more shots would be nice. I think Toucan fell asleep on me too 
Finally fixed the trailer! Now I need to buy the small tire, put in the new battery &amp; fill the tank. Almost there. 
@ashetler same in SoKo~~ 7Eleven every 5 blocks, but no slurpees to be had 
:O dude! why don't i live in London!? i want to be in the new Twenty Twenty video... 
Half way in   still not any better  http://mypict.me/5yPt
Here it comes: http://tinyurl.com/lgk2kn ! The new features for Ninjatrader 7 ! Yeas! Seven! Release @ the end of 2009 ... 
$800 + worth of tupperware covered in mouse poop. Pop quiz, twits: chuck out or attempt to clean??? Aaaarrgghhhhhhhh!!!! Both prospects = 
@javajuneau I've tried that. Multiple times. it does nothing. 
Half day today!!!!! then a long nite of teaching 
 I feel like there's school tomorrow. Most likely there will be.  NOOOOOOOO...
ok bye ;P  Almost 600 updates. cool .  bye twithearts!
@NDollaaa eeeee they are! A lady on miami ink had a pet lemur! I went nuts. I want one! Only legal in some states though, not uk  weep!
Just woke up. Lots of cleaning to do 
Watching commercials, cheers, and logos at YBA! Almost done for the week  #fb
@jo_jo_ba I adore pudding.  I don't think adults eat enough good quality, homemade pudding. Most folks eat sad little pudding cups. 
@infobunny Someone nicked my iPhone 3GS. Only had it less than 2 days.    
@iWeb NO  Still waiting. Almost 70 Hours have passed since payment.
I cant believe I have a cold AND hayfever. Typical! Gahh. I hate being ill 
Shouldnt presribed eardrops make things better? Only making things worse for me 
@nerrisalaughs haha no. Five and a half hours.  Now its gonna seem longer!
Yay, Haruhi Endless Eight part 2/3! And I thought two episodes were too many 
Drinks at Cabana.... Only two cheeky ones and feel wobbly 
@whiteguysdancin E. Only when my pain subsides enough for me to hurt myself and do it 
@FizzyDuck Five? Seems a little bit too late in the morning but what the hell ! 
@wisequeen Plenty of tea here, I'll get the toaster ready 
Sending last documents to accountant. Almost there 
@FinancegradTH Some days I have too much to say. Not a bad thing to be at a loss for words, you use your brain for much greater things. 
@philpeace Half caff skinny fairtrade pure Ethiopian latte, easy on the foam, extra hot please 
Wow! Over 100 followers! Thanks for following everyone 
Ahhh all fresh and clean now  Plenty of time to have a nice refreshing coffee before going to sign on to the dole, then come back n admin
@artemisrex lol! you're so mean to @Isak! Only because you're jealous 
@vindiekins I almost feel bad for my next post. Almost. 
@whitneyhess If you'd like your audio from the Summit, can you send me an email jeff.parks@iaconsultants.ca  Many thanks! 
@mkrigsman  So where did this start? There must have been a catalyst. I'm curious. Some latest piece I surely missed.
Getting on with my work  Almost done first of two film evaulations and done my first essay. Woopp!! 
@KerryDye  Many thanks Kerry  
FINALLY have everything fixed on the editing side.. whew! Multiple episodes coming you way this week  Thanks for hanging in there.
Class 11-3.  Only classes of the week 
@Hennartonline Three days of ne tweets &amp; the first face I see is yours   Now it feels like home -  :-D ))))) 
@KatyBasey Only 2 more shifts to go!!!! 
@BonnieGrove Only when begging at the table  They're considered dry mouth dogs. I'll post a pic of JoJo for you here in a minute 
@ScottStern @stephanie_B  Haha! Some things never change. 
@mikeylemieux did you see the office this week?  Almost felt bad for the nard-dog! good luck with the show!
Half time and we're looking good...time to crack open another can of Ebisu and listen to the 'experts' (snicker) 
Earthday concert... party concert... tomorrow opening for Ace Enders. Three shows in two days equals... 
@MayakashiNinja lol yeah. I have a few famous people on my twitter. Few cute people too. 
@GarveyBen Sanity is over rated anyway  Some of your posts seem sad, not sure of your situation but it's good to look forwards 
I'm working at B Seven til' dawn..Just dance! 
@plushapo Sounds awesome, where are you?   Some great ideas there...  Is there anything public about these games/demos?
Bonfire @ ocean beach with friends and booze. Almost as fun as queefing 
Spring Break's just about over. Only means that summer is around the corner 
@TM_WorldBiz These links always make me want to redesign my own business card, and then I 4get about it until the next card link pops up 
Off for a much needed run around the Tan. Most likely will end in a walk 
Just bought a new jacket, like emo mj haha. Across the road from the metro... I can see our poster 
So, I often ask myself- is this real? And it seams my answer continues to be yes... That makes me love my life. (Most of the time) !! 
@is_selene I promise babe. Hundreds of Sparky pics for you  You'll be able to see him later today 
Listening some great fucking music, A7X &quot;dancing Dead&quot; Some good shit 
@Rosaapril replying doesnt use up APIs. Only info downloaded from twitter uses them 
Listening to the band ROCK out the Four Tops &quot;I'll Be There.&quot; Dyrel is amazing!!  
@Handroll Only ten more hours to go. Yippee! I hope you're having a pleasant flight 
@KrisSahota Some one at college does. I don't have the stems. He has them though. We emailed them to him. *shrug* Neat though. 
The Wii . He is Onbly Three Year Of age 
Half way through our new site 
Put the new baby seat in the van! So cute! Only about 6 weeks left 
@Java4Two sending you an #eHug too, hope you had a good weekend! 
@ketankhairnar Different form factor, less battery life, better multimedia and email experience, mostly 
@AspenDew Many thanks 
Ooo this brings me back  happy Four Twenty!
@n_sonic I will pay $15 if it is all that I want it to be  Half twitterriffic and half lounge would be perfect. Video looks spot on.
Retweeting @2schooners: You are our Two Schooners community!   We've got a home on twitter now!
@DianaRusso  Almost, I do try so hard at times.It's hardly worth it lol 
@BecauseI Only now? Invisibility is a speciality of mine. You all good then. 
@kbodnar32 Thanks buddy, much appreciated! I'm psyched to show it off at the tweetup! Many more things to add by then 
@guioconnor Different topping every time though. 
@jamie_oliver 6 hrs of gardening yesterday left me in severe ache today. But the flowerbed looks good  Half of it. Actually, half of half.
@JackyO Lots and lots of Vitamin D this week! 
@markress just eatin 1?  That's great willpower!  &quot;One's to much if a Baker's Dozens' not enough&quot; #fakequote 
@truth21 I do sleep...!! Some times  It's just I have so much to do. Last year at uni, I had insomnia, I slept every other day :/
hey hey, walked home from town. took me like 30minutes  booyah. HUNGRY 4 Some subway !!
Oh! Excitement! 29 followers!  Almost made it to 30!!!
@thoughtcloud Thought you may enjoy this article and website that its from. Lots of good people to follow  http://tinyurl.com/cy93kg
is going to take a shower, then go up to the university to pay for his Graduation tickets. Almost over! - Magic all the way from now on! 
@jennafrank don't buy! Borrow  Nearly everyone has them..
@jfhuj Until recently, I collected Colognes. Only the best and unusual ones. Because, I want to smell unique. Not like every other guy. 
The Only Ones at Strand (Stockholm) was a blast... 
@Cezza_B Some jokes are so rubbish you have to laugh. Like what's brown and sticky? A stick. I have millions but I'll shut up now 
@SRQParanormal Some of our staff mention something about the ShriekFreak booth - but I (the person updating) didn't personally go.  
http://twitpic.com/3pilv - Gay Toilet artwork... Some so people get inspiration in weird places! 
What a long day.. my son was fascinated by the Flight of the Navigator movie. Some classics are still golden. 
TSA: Thousands Standing Around  #tsa
Yayyyy! Three months 
Willing sponsors can contact me at www.jklawitter@mybigplanet.com. Many thanks to you all who give from the heart! 
Bum! Two flat camera batteries and only one photo taken on the whole trip http://twitpic.com/4dz2p...and then it rained. Home now 
70+ followers! Half of them are pornstars! 
Goos Morning Neverland. Some patternwriting today, after coffee 
Half awake and still thinking about nonsense want red jello for some reasson 
just love dizzy rascals sone bonkers. predlets keep singing it to. Almost a theme tune for #feedingedge 
@Luna_Five  where can we see the photos? 
Has made to Windsor. Some grub then trek back  http://twitpic.com/4ebgm
@mariaandros Oh wonderful! I'd love to come over &amp; cook with you  Many hugs!! xxo
My beloved family has kept my Karmi beer since my last visit. Absolutely fabulous. Almost orgasmic I dare say 
Download movie  &quot;Sixteen Candles&quot; http://tinyurl.com/d28dlu cool #movie
Kiddo is now 4 teeth lighter and resting. Few stress tears after the mind altering meds wore off, and she's repeating herself quite a bit 
@elysion32 You must be the chosen one.  Only one on here not reppin their Model status or something.  You know I wasn't talkin about you 
@fstop23 @SeanMarler Most women think in groupings ... Most Men can only ponder one thing at a time. There is the code. 
Ahh..  Half way through the week already. 
Half the breakdance team is here and I coukdnt be more thrilled  but still quite heartbroken that this is my last party with these dudes.
Oooh!! Three's Company on tv, this night couldnt any better!! I love this show!! 
I am so content. Almost! There are always some other things that could be better  Of course haha
@ZoeBestel not only did it help, but you got us thinking in different directions as well. Only problem was when to stop 
@BradleyF81 Some eye candy for you  http://tinyurl.com/dlpmmg
@DerrenLitten For a second i thought you were going to say time for work, Food was the better option! 
Watching Two and a Half Men With Mum 
@tommybrunn Harsh!  About 70 people there right now.  Try again. 
I feel old, I had to look up what #hoppusday was.  Figures it was what I thought it would be.  
@RedHouseMedia Running the Fargo Half-Marathon this weekend 
Just on lunch break... Half the days over... Looking forward to girls night at the movies! Free Champaign 
@joekwon80 mmmm had in n out last night... so good!  Only 3 blocks away, too 
@Eighty4TheBoss me too 
@Eighty4TheBoss - U TOOO !?!?! im starting mine this week  i wanna try that beyonce cleanser bullshit no lie ..
Half way through my first day at internship. Not bad so far 
converting the Armin Only - Imagine concert for my iPhone... fun fun 
@djksly Lol Only if you make me that cookie.  I'll hit you up.
#Supernatural at 9:30pm on #Ten.. Counting down.. 
@squink - It is supposed to be an unrelated (story-wise) new part of the Fallout series they're working on... Only the name is out 
@GauravSaha Two more tweets to go for 2345 tweets 
Law of Attraction - Some assembly (action) required  If u have asked 2 enter medical school, u still need 2 fill out the application
@Sheamus Many thanks! 
Por Favor!!! Only need FIVE more!  http://tinyurl.com/dzcpg3
One lane stop and go trafffffffic suckssss! Almost to wwork thanks to gay miinnnesota roads 
can't wait for Daughtry's new album! Ack. Two more months!!! 
@heatherjacobs indeed! we are trying to get it in the Trending topics for the fun of it  all Some Twilighters idea!
walking home listening to music and singing to myself. :d Six feet under the stars 
@tayloregly I am filming musicans friends of mine  @Landslideduo at a Legion  These people sure know how to dance 
@Mrsdaughtry Some days you must look hard for that good thing. 
Baking experiment results: delicious, very sweet, very rich.  Almost too sweet.  
@worldofhiglet I don't think it makes you seem shallow. Some actually do respond and converse with followers.  If they don't, no biggie.
@stmako Yup. Most of my hacks are all for fun  Here's a quick video I made of it. I'll follow up when it's done.  http://bit.ly/3xm7D
Just got done turning in my pre-final project for my computer animation class. Final is due on Tues. Only 2 more classes or 6 more weeks. 
Going downstairs for more coffee and socialising  Wow... Only 4:16?.. Gives me time for French later 
@PostmodernMacro Younger then mine. So no problems here. 
@ScottATaylor Other than that, you are totally bereft of faults in every way 
@pcsketch It would be cheaper to take on The Spirit Of Tasmania (The ship from the island I am on). Busses are expensive to ship 
@Brandensilva Most of my friends wanted to try it yesterday but failed because of the whole .Net thingy...it worked fine with me 
@Zanna85 Almost, almost.. Thanks on the &quot;good save&quot; Z! 
@Kayleigh_Stack  Nearly there...
10 of the World's Most Dangerous Roads - http://www.oddee.com/item_96660.aspx  hehe have a look people 
http://bit.ly/2T44K   About to upgrade main home PC
Chemistry exam tomorrow.. better get studyin d00d ;D Only in school for like, 2 or 3 hours so its all good! 
Laptop downstairs  Those who know me know my laptop is full of wires and sits in a corner in me bedroom, so to have it here is marvellous
@SammySkye Almost done!!! play time soon!!!! 
@ThoughtsHappen Most definitely. I'm just waiting for them to discover they don't have to compete with each other! 
@MadjustMad Some of us do that all weekend, EVERY weekend. 
@bigwormy hey! happy mother's day, Some gifts? hahaha... its joke, dont worry  how are you?
@lpelton did you just tweet without me pestering you into it? Twice?! 
@caitlinduhhh haha yay! omg please do if/when she plays Fearless, Fifteen or Crazier 
@AliciaWag .... Other than at the Moodys concert  I was amazed watching you sing EVERY song !
I guess Ive just gotten used to it after seeing it a dozen or so times 
watching Half Baked 
I'm on &quot;Cloud Nine&quot; right now 
@vero Yes, Gravity. Almost makes me like S60 again 
@honeyPRmelb Thank you for invite! Of course!!! I'm in... Most definitely! Looking forward 
@BlokesLib Lots of potential but has to actually happen yet  I have faith it will at the right time  very deep for this hour LOL
Lilies in the pond. Almost there 
I hate being this tired.. but the concert was great  Field trip today? I can't keep my eyes open. Ten days!!!! :'D
@Charliecondou What a great idea! You spoil your Aphids. Most people would want rid of them! 
@RMSJrSPHR Only her head on this occasion  how are you. enjoying your conference?
@etherjammer Indeed I did  Most fun I've had since learning Gorefiend ;)
So damn tired and burnt out.I have 2 classes today &amp; god knows i can't wait for them to be over next month lol. Counting my blessings 
@Cantecel Many thanks, Cantecel! 
@JonathanBranam Figures.  I agree with them. 
@Gen22 I'm good. Almost to work finally. 
Be sure to check out this month's issue of the Pasadena Jaycees Communique! We made the COB Top Ten!  www.fabandfinanciallysav.com
@MoocherGirl Only if I get lines. 
just here listning to &quot;What Hurts The Most&quot; lol I love it 
Learning the angel theme song on piano. Almost finished with it.   
@elmo0629 Heart worms are for the weak!  Those are pussy cats...wait...I guess we are all pussy cats.?.?  I think it's nap times 
@nmckinney28 Haha. Of course. But uhm a philanthropist &quot;in bed&quot; has multiple interpretations 
@Alice227 Two? 
@karyncooks Oh I have seen that piece ;)  hahaha  Magnificient Seven is entertaining ;)
@DorkierThanU We went to The Ghosts Of Girlfriends Past it was good and Dani brought her boyfriend and sum friends it was really funn 
My wedding dress is falling off of me! Not really but it is super loose. Wow. Only time this weight loss has really excited me!!! 
@TrishaVanHouten Four papers honey! I can't cause any scandals yet, but I'll support you by saying ESCANDALO at every turn. 
Tweeting driving n talking on the phone...I'm so dangerous LOL. About to take it to the casa! But had fun wid my bookie @Candisscandi 
@Ryanhodge BAO = By Appointment Only and a police scanner picks up what cops are saying over their radios. 
Winner!!!! Nine inch rocked  janes addiction killed it!!!!! http://twitpic.com/5cp13
Sitting on my bed. Brainstorming. Some choices ain't easy to deal with. would die for a Fortune adviser ! 
Watching season 4 of Weeds. Almost half way throug!  the con is over tomorrow and i get to come home!  it was fun but I miss my bed!
@hnprashanth Heh! *Almost* Till the end of the 19th over 
http://twitpic.com/5cqak - Hahahaha. Three is clearly a master of disguise.  #doctorwho
Morning Tweeps! We spent the night in Farmington, NM. Today we'll drop by the Shiprock and Four Corners. 
@mimiandcolette All recovered, thanks for asking.  Almost time for bed though here, the weekend is so close to being over.
To all you well wishers, I raise a glass of Octomore 2002 Futures...! Many thanks for the kind words..   ( @clutch )
@Voiceofreason69 Only if he said &quot;hahahaha yes!&quot; J/k, only if he made me a Playmate 
@pamblings *LOL* thanks darlin'!   Some of those housewives need to EAT!
Watching Oceans Eleven, and the whole thing this time 
Thirteen days, clothing optional. 
Beach Sex Often #3hotwords 
Chores really do blow... Six Flags tomorrow ! 
Death road. Done. Most awesome thing ever  sorry mum!
@Eight20Nicky the sundaes eric picked up hit the spot. might have to make it a post wedding ritual 
@TiaMowry Most cancers have the knack for cooking. However I'm still trying to master mac and cheese and Lasagna... 
Successful birthday party drawing to a close. Most people didn't stay long but enjoyed the burgers/cake 
@Ateyaaa I didnt spend a whole lot. Many stores have the shelf spaces savers now days.Target or even wal-mart, but thats out here in cali 
@Malloc_X Only takes about 5 hours if you really try to go as fast as possible 
I am re-falling in love with The Click Five 
@chavis_t It was drizzly, although the sun did come out and I checked out a few Lamborghinis. Overall, a very good day 
Ok... I looked them up @o_whee.  Four out of Six isn't bad! 
Recording = hard.  Almost done though! 
@adderxyu GMV on your new entry in the Derby.  Already had it on your other entry. 
Uber tired. 14 Days. Almost there. 
@LexaShmexa WOW! We have a new Over Lady (unless you prefer to be an Over Lord - your choice, of course. 
Going to 7Eleven to buy some drinks. 
@yasir_ibrahim important to be honest  - the phone is the weakest part, unsurprisingly, as it's their first attempt. Other mfrs no excuse!
Only 11 days left of school. Counting today 
@HOTTVampChick Only way I see them is if I go to my @ replies. 
Yay! Normal schedule day tomorrow... Only 1 meeting. Overall should be productive. 
@SukieBunny Lots of fluids and rest them love....am lucky never get it. 
Older guy boss just came and apologized for the mix-up, without me having to prompt  Yay, working with decent people!
@sleep_til_noon Unfortunately not ... It's still on my Most Wanted Bowie covers list 
Thirteen down, one to go!!!!!! one. more. day...!! 
aaw i can't wait, i wanna buy Seventeen argentina  it's got thousands of posters of the jobros :| (L) xd
Take Five - &quot;Gimmi Five&quot;  ? http://blip.fm/~6iqdg
@Thirteen_13 thanks for the add ... i'll check her out  hope you're well !!
Half day 
@sam_smart Aww Smee i'm sure it went better than you thought &gt;&lt; Many hugs! &gt;&lt; Stay positive &amp; have a rocking day  xxx
@Fayza Most of the time when i make smoothies they do not have yogurt. I think I prefer them that way. I'm a fruit purist 
Sixteen days left of school...then two work days, then I'm done for the summer! 
Sixty-two degrees! Feels great outside. How did we get so lucky? 
@danfaust I would almost want to see that A-Team. Almost. 
@TaimurAsad Many many thanks 
@One_Eighteen just be yourself and engage.  Hola to YOU!
Empty by The Click Five. Lol ok just listen to the song don'T not listen because of who it is 
roll on 2pm....4 days off!!! Few drinks tonight and tomz 
Waking up. About to hit the road 
had a wonderful first day on the job.  I'm so excited to start working on news stories!  Eight per week!!! Ahhh!  
@mysmallpotatoes Oh how I love #SkiSchool. One of my favourite comedies ever. 
Watching Princess Diaries Two with COrnettos.. 
@LatteArtPR Half bottle? That only fills 2 glasses? 
Morning! Half past 8 and we're off home buy caravan buy Yarmouth buy wind farm. I plan not to be back here with parents for a long time 
Finally worked out pressing the button on the g1 headset twice skips to the next random song.  Only took me 7 months 
@dajerx totally! Almost fell asleep while one guy was massaging my feet for 20 minutes. 
@mireias32 Younger brother is off sick today so a little too many distractions, but hopefully during the week next week 
had a stellar time at the viatec awards dinner. Plenty of inspiration all round 
Half day of work then off for a long weekend 
@Adam_Freeland - Now listening to El Ten Eleven in the 'Bunk and loving it  http://www.elteneleven.com/
@MaheshKukreja - Most welcome 
On my way to school!!! Half day then going to wellington for my horse showw then with the family 
Yup vertical hold and small bite.  Almost have a handle on average chew/swallow (# repeat &amp; trail) &amp; drink inclusions. More neater than I.
Half a day to go 
GoodMorning. Skiping the 1st 4 periods and still in the bed. Only goin to 1 class today. 
@SparkPeople I plan to spend the weekend larping. Plenty of exercise! 
@CureCF4Reilly Many thanks for the Spirit Jump welcome! 
@KoreanCelt Only 50? I thought he was older than that! 
@mgier Yea! Only 22k more, and you'll catch up with my Escort. 
Half the exams over 
Is going to red robin with the girls! Half day 
Half day in the office  Does anyone have any really exciting plans for the long weekend?
@TheVadyGirl Lower but could be related to a more serious problem. Many doctor conversations. I'm ignoring it at the minute. 
Listening to the Memorial 500 on live 105. Some really great nostalgia 
Is FINALLY Relaxed Properly At Home  Half Way There 
@EvertB - Only solution is to drink more! ... Coffee 
Certain thoughts are prayers, there are moments when, whatever be the attitute of the body, the soul is on its knees 
@Liken0Other LOL well ok look forward to apologizing 
@ZenShadow Only reacting to you, my friend. 
@TheLPFreak Most of the info I get is from magazines and interviews. 
@olive_johnson WTF  Of course you can swear!   @kirstiealley swears A LOT!!!!
@oraclenerd @jkuramot  @dannorris  There's been a few X-Teams, we also have an 'A Team' .  Only one official FUN product code, I got that 
Night all. Only 5 hours of sleep last night &amp; I was cranky ALL day. Short with everyone. Tomorrow I shall have more patience &amp; bk 2 me 
Half hour till the end if the middle work day 2 to to then the weekend, and my grand mothers 80th birthday 
Different types of mochi for dessert... Attackkk!   http://twitpic.com/61frc
Half term - software upgrade for home PCs with early morning coffee - what could be nicer?  #fb
@AgencyRed  Some people are too stupid to cover their..........bases.  
Right... &quot;Followers&quot; pruned. Those with Suspended accounts of obviously linkspammy / non human behaviour banished 
4.25 star rating for Lumix TZ7 - &quot;almost the perfect point and shoot&quot;  http://bit.ly/zYg6S. Nearly there guys 
@cheadarchesse Aw thanks! &gt;_&lt;  Many more to come!  
@bryceavary Thankss.  Of ot wernt for you; I wouldnt be alive.
@dani_lenae Ooo... I'm totally down with the drive-in.  Almost makes me wish I still had my pick-up truck.  
Sleep  Only Two Finals Left! Summer  ' 09
Sixteen candles &amp; weird science! I love these movies 
@DiscoveryChPR Almost theeeree 
@SafariGuide Many thanks for the #travel #followfriday ! Always a pleasure to offer Australian travel tips and deals 
start working aggressive marketing campaign for Tour de Flex Zagreb. 18.06.2009. Only in our town 
@passionsista Wow, that's cool! Some people find it hard to even listen to one, really  what kind of genres do you dig?
@jenifaojennyjen No worries.  I just didn't want anyone to think I was stealing!  I'm Half-Catholic/Half-Jewish...lots of guilt.  
TG ticketing office, Few cutie ground ofiicers 
Eight days short of eightteen years. 
@RockYourDay  Most people say I'm weird for going to bed so early. Lea has given me ideas of branding myself as a product consultant...
