Most common words for this cluster:
[('os', 286), ('iphone', 82), ('windows', 58), ('x', 34), ('update', 23), ('quot', 18), ('http', 16), ('apple', 15), ('phone', 13), ('linux', 13), ('itunes', 10), ('mac', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'OS', 0.989200234413147), (u'OSes', 0.775924563407898), (u'OS_X', 0.7757145166397095), (u'Windows', 0.7654511332511902), (u'Win7', 0.7587416768074036), (u'WIndows', 0.7578588724136353), (u'Android_OS', 0.7524465918540955), (u'Windows_Mobile', 0.752324640750885), (u'WinMo', 0.7516288757324219), (u'WM5', 0.7480923533439636)]





just found that if I use Windows 7 to browse twitter.com, the firewall software will automatically turns off, and the PC hangs. 
@rickrodgers just kidding man. RIM doesn't even have a sync client for Linux, and the opensync package sucks  at least it can charge lolz
I wish I could install Japanese input on Windows 7 beta 
@tomashastings More OS fun...  Muddling thru so I can get my pics up today tho!
it appears that jQuery plugin for making round borders in navigation doesn't work on all OS, in Ubuntu round borders aren't visible 
Running #android on my Openmoko Freerunner. Eye-candy UI, makes good use of both HW buttons for navigation. Linux base OS not as nice. 
@isdixon really? nice, but won't have it until switching to Windows 7  (waiting for rc)
@P0150N0U5F15H slight problem, OS X Leopard doesnt want to install 
Thinking that the reason I found OSX better than Windows at script reliability is that there were less 'core' updates. That has changed 
Windows 7 is taking too long to install 
Wow OS X. I didn't know you were so lame you would KP during an AFP transfer 
 I hate how everything is so easy in OS X ...but at the same time...I love it. #OSX
@cky1billion got 141 OS deleted vendor and both dm or loader.exe doesn't recognize the new OS  http://myloc.me/to7
@awes0me I want a macbook too, but the OS is rather incompatible.. 
@Cubikmusik i can't even wipe the hard drive  wont recognise the drive when i insert OS V CD  weird!! no data on drive so no issue
@DaRude ah, phew, my Dell sports two Xeon with 4cores each.. but alas, I cannot run Mac OS.. 
Reinstalling Windows on the music PC, which decided that it wanted to delete some critical files last time it updated 
ooops. Seems like the 10.5.7 OS X update has bricked my Dell mini 9. 
My hackintosh died after an OS update Fuck 
Trying to upgrade my friends OS today but the damn dvd player wont take the disc.  But i will find a solution!
@sohmer I love collecting fonts - it's just a pain everytime I reinstall Windows. 
says his Mac OS is suddenly making Windows-like sounds and he has no idea where it's coming from.  (LOL)... http://plurk.com/p/u9ax6
Lol just hooked it up and the one they sent still only has 4.3 on it so I have to update the OS.  really not that bad
No confirmation yet, but, migration to Windows from Linux for our web server but still using AMP.  (makes no sense!)
@holeycoww awwww Windows will be gutted to see ya go mate! 
can't wait for Sims 3 to launch!!..but i need to upgrade my OS n ram before i play..  aiyooo..money money money
@katebevan I've had years of waiting for WinMo to be less sluggish, more innovative, &amp; my loyalty has gone unrewarded. 6.5 looks rubbish 
argh. Web design. Why are font sizes different between OS'? 
When will copy stack become a defauly feature in Windows? 
Finally got my #Storm to cooperate with my pc and updated it to the latest OS. Lost ALL my contacts and appointments in the process. 
@voteforscooter DAMMIT!!! Ill be OS 
gd2 isn't installed in Mac OS X's PHP5 by default  Not to worry! http://bit.ly/qZk6v
Setting up the desktop PC with Windows 7; probably will be sold by the end of the weekend 
I really want to try Windows Deployment Services but can't find any of my Windows OS disks 
@dcsdominik208 I don't know why you would like to put such a lousy OS on 
my poor mac mini is poorly  freezes on grey screen with blinking folder icon... I think that means it can't find an OS to boot 
Does anyone know whatever happened to the Oblique Strategies OS X dashboard widget? I can't find it anywhere on the Apple site. 
hate linux...most of the applications are not developed for this OS  I miss twihrl when I am at work!!!!
Installing uBuntu 9.04 over Windows 7 as i had no graphics 
@CamBendy Should be build into the OS by now! 
is without mail   OS X 10.5.7 update gave me an undocumented security feature
Aghhh! I hate using quickvic reporting and I hate using Windows 
The worst thing about Monday mornings is having to boot Windows XP at work, after a weekend of OS/X and Linux goodness 
iPhone OS 3.0 beta 5 successfully installed, oh you don't have it? Too bad 
I am re-installing my OS 
goin to OS to chill. then workkkin  mad lame. gotta read this silly book for the quiz tomorow as wellsies
@EricaToelle ... means that there may be a serious hardware error which an OS reinstall will not fix.  be prepared to recover drive data 
So I get back from a long weekend to be faced with 240 unread emails and ajn iPod that needs it's OS reinstalled 
@therealmikewong hey mike, followed all the instructions but keep getting the error -5000 on OS X. 
Process 'loginwindow' not responding -&gt; killed -&gt; screen go blank -&gt; OS X's first &quot;crash&quot; 
Oh noes, my desktop computer keeps crashing in both OS X and Win7. 
And this new OS means I gotta get back to my original cell op. No yellowsnow yet to unlock a phone with this firmware version. Another 
I hate to say this.  I'm kind of impressed with Windows 7 
*setting WM ROM as default* Android is fine but I don't have free time to play with it 
crap, one of the disks in my OS raid array is marked as &quot;Error occured&quot;. Would like to know what kind of error 
@karmakimmie color me jealous. totally want a 10v to hack w OS X. Instead getting painted house and updated sprinkler system.   For now.
Why is it so much harder to share files between XP and 2000 than it is between Mac OS X and 2000 
Anyone is having issues with Skype on OS X? After a while, can't hear anything anymore, even though I'm still connected... 
@GwenStefaniRox oooohh you mean transfer files via bluetooth. And no  I'm hoping that donut fixes that. I loved that on my WinMo phone.
iPhone development becomes ugly. Different OS --&gt; different visualization/behaivor. Reminds me of web development for different browsers 
@lgreenberg I uploaded OS 3.0 bata 3 software through itunes,to see what would happen,and it bricked my iphone for sure 
@worrallo that just makes it so much worse.  use a real OS on a REAL laptop. &gt;_&gt; did you buy one?
@bradenwh . Something is wrong with my DVD drive  . It worked a few weeks ago when I reinstalled Windows/OS X  .
@eschaton I was hoping they'd provide a build of Chrome for OS X PPC 
Chrome for OS X: .  Figuring out how to do threads correctly in swing:  
@thekoolaidmom Ah, I guess it doesn't work and play well with Windows. 
i love #android but the new #iPhone with its new OS is gonna make it seriously hard to stick to 
I wish my cell carrier had more smartphone options.  Only blackberry &amp; one Windows mobile phone.  I don't want either.  I want a Palm 
@kevinrose @iJustine says they're crap. The OS is similar to iPhones 1.0 
Asus pulled all their andriois !eeepc models for windows models? That sucks. No Linux on the new models either 
@KnightRid It displays differently depending on the OS 
Why is firefox crashing like hell in Windows 7!! 
10th hour in department, iphone version is progressing. haven't studied for tomorrow's OS final yet 
&quot;hg status -I ./*&quot; behaves differently on Windows and Linux  I just want stats on the current folder without subdirectories #mercurial
...and again, my GPS had problems  it hangs!!! (as if its running on a windows OS)
@Anushray I have tried that. It isn't the same as playing on Windows. 
@bavster_twit No, i was just wondering how i could get around the Tethering when i get OS3.0, i'm not a Dev so cant get it... 
No im writing my bachelor thesis about Symbian OS 
My Twitterrific is dead in OS 3.0 
Is a bit deflated to know that Softbank probably won't offer tethering with the new iPhone OS...that was all he really wanted!  
Playing in the OS X Console: can't see any errors for en1 and no relevant errors for airport.  So no answer there.
@wandarful no new itouch, just a updated OS they are rolling out. Costs $10 bucks to dowload 
opera unite = more PCs on 24/7 ?  ? also sounds like a breeding ground for security issues (read: prob on Windows machines)
Upgrading my phone's OS to WM 6.5 might not have been a good idea. 
@benjonesdj - when you create a VM it needs an operating system otherwise its like a mac with no OS on it  you therefor need to give it a
Shit! I wanna play Warcraft but I shall need to boot Windows then. I so dont wanna use that OS anymore! 
@bryanhuddleston I LOVE #Win 7, but IT management here won't let me run it as a core OS.   I would if i could.
My iPhone keeps freezing and hanging  Hopefully OS3.0 tomorrow will fix it
Sadly, I can't make it to OS Bridge.  @osbridge - can I transfer my ticket to someone else?
Ah well..going to sleep now..no signs of OS 3.0 yet  good night
When will iphone OS 3.0 will be available? refreshing, refreshing.. zero 
haning out finishing my MAC build with OS X and installed parallels for my window OS 
thought iphone OS 3.0 came out today....i was wrong....its tomorrow 
donde esta iphone OS 3.0? it's 12:30am and no update! 
Seems like OS 10.5.7 corrupted the sleepimage file on my iMac G5: http://bit.ly/iOb6A 
Seems like the OS X 10.5.7 update eventually corrupted the sleepimage file on my iMac G5: http://bit.ly/iOb6A 
Just where is OS3 
internet tethering for iphone OS 3.0 is working great, but im only getting around 1mb down &amp; 230kb up   http://www.twitpic.com/7ln45
2am Jun 17th and still no iPhone 3.0 OS avail 
07:29 - no OS 3 yet. Window for downloading 300 Mb before going to work passed. 
in preparation for the new iPhone/iPod OS release, i think i lost some saved files for good. 
Dammit this OS 3.0 wait is killing me 
Oh well, they only said OS 3.0 would be on the 17th... who knows what time.   
Niw that just mAkes me mad... The OS 3 update is delayed to the 18th 
Today the new iPhone OS 3.0 was comming out, but I don't can download it 
@hannnnnnnah YES.  &amp; some of my apps stopped working because they've already started using 3.0 &quot;OS&quot;. eff.
Apple is laughing at all of us waiting for OS 3 all night long! FFFFUUUUU 
no OS 3.0 until tomorrow. Now that sucks. I hoped to play with it on my train ride home  #apple #iphone
What?!?! Has Apple really pushed OS 3.0 back a day to the 18th??  http://tr.im/oLhG
Turns out I already have the latest OS Version for my BlackBerry. Sorry I ever doubted u baby 
No, iTunes, 2.2.1 is not the current version. Where is my upgrade to OS 3? 
Arf was waiting for the OS 3.0 update 4 nothing it has been delayed 2 2moro http://bit.ly/KNdLs 
@yum9me does your itunes say that you can download OS3 yet, because mine says my OS is up to date 
@terrym No iphone OS 3 update yet? 
 Apple has delayed the release of OS3! http://bit.ly/2lwpll
@theiphoneblog  Apple has delayed the release of OS3! http://bit.ly/2lwpll
@dannyrodri I feel so violated I waited sooo long &amp; 1. now I am gonna be drowsy in class &amp; 2. I don't have OS3.0  #AppleSucks
Gutted, the day of iphone OS 3.0 and I've lost my phone. I hope I've left it at on site at a clients offices. 
it's the 17th... where is my OS3 upgrade 
will have to wait til this evening for OS3 
No iPhone OS 3.0 update for me yet. Wonder when it will get here to the East coast? 
@stuartgibson The OS 3 update is delayed until tomorrow, says Apple's website 
apparently we have to wait till friday to unlock the new Iphone OS3.0 
Still no iPhone OS 3.0 software update available for me yet   It is 12:12pm here!  Later...
iPhone OS 3.0 on friday!  Probably bring down Apple's servers tho' 
iPhone 3.0 OS release has been delayed 1 day 
 iPhone OS 3.0 pushed back a day! http://tinyurl.com/l9hx2p
@StooCollins Is this OS 3.0 schedule still on track? I saw someone say it's delayed for tomorrow 
why is the OS 3 not available  I want all the new awesomeness!!!
I just wanted to update my iPhone to OS 3 already 
I just wanted to update my iPhone to OS 3 already  haha http://tinyurl.com/muperk
It's nearly 8am out on the east coast and still no iPhone OS 3.0  #os3.0updatefail
Hmm, the rumour that Iphone OS3.0 is already available isn't correct, the link refers to the 3Gs version of the OS3.0, so useless 
Why do I have to pay $9.95 to download OS 3 on my Itouch when I already payed 300 bucks to buy it and 20 bucks to download OS 2. 
I thought i was going to wake up like christmas morning to OS 3.0 
iPhone OS 3.0 is ... still not out yet... 
can't install the new OS on my ipod 
Why must we wait until 3pm for OS 3.0? I've been checking since midnight 
So maybe 2 more hours till OS 3    http://www.engadget.com/2009/06/17/stop-hitting-f5-iphone-os-3-0-release-still-hours-away/
Waiting for this stinking OS 3.0 update. I'm stoked but I haven't seen it on my iTunes yet  where are you 3.0?
Looks like iPhone OS will be 6pm tonight  or atleast we'll get to 6 and then it will be tomorrow hahaha #OS 3
 i want iphone OS 3.0...how much longer must i wait? :] me eating french toast. Yum yum yum
really bumbed to learn that OS 3 won't be available until tomorrow 
We can has OS 3 update?.......no we hasn't.   (shakes head and mopes away)
feeling soo bumbed out  no #OS 3 for me yet ..noooooooooooooooo
iPhone OS 3.0 is coming tomorrow 18th, not today!!! It's already 18th in Japan, though.  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
When I look at the OS 3 channel, I think the server must be down when the update is available 
@JasonBradbury not to impressed that no time was given, have spent all day checking for OS 3 !!  
@nikechik I just read that the OS 3.0 update won't be available until 6pm  
Not happy that you cannot update your iTouch with the new OS 3.0, via wireless connection 
12:02 and still no iPhone OS 3.0 release! 
Hmmm its 1:03 and OS 3.0 hasnt rolled out yet... 
@mugunthkumar ya, no iPhone OS 3.0 update yet &amp; it's already 1:05am 
Clicking constantly on the 'check for update' button in iTunes, but no iPhone OS 3.0 yet .. 
How are people download OS 3...I'm still waiting 
is watching friend install OS 3.0 on his iphone ... oh how i feel left out  ..unless ??? #squarespace
so sad I'm stuck at work and can't get the new iPhone OS 3 update 
#recovering after hard reset  #OS3.0
did new iPhone OS update, bluetooth stereo workaround no longer works... 
downloading iPhone OS 3.0.... but now getting an error that I can't connect to the store .. eek my phone is stuck 
trying to install OS 3.0 but getting a network timeout from itunes 
 &quot;An unknown error occured (-4)&quot;. uh oh. iPhone OS 3 fail so far 
My iPhone has been stuck for over half an hour updating to OS 3... 
No sucess with installing OS3  Activation Server is unavailable - Computer says no!
iPhone OS3 installed fine, a few nice little features but overall nothing that exciting 
been an hour and my OS 3.0 update won't go through 
On OS3 now, can't remember what to look for  oh yeah, copy paste 
#iPhone #OS3 download was no probleme, but activation server is not available 
Activation failed  and it took 20 minutes to backup  and it is doing it again Nooo  Iphone OS 3
whats everyones views on OS 3? i wont have it for another hour judging by it 
yay - iPhone updated to OS 3.0 - MMS not working yet tho 
#iPhone given up trying to download the new OS, authentication server down 
waiting for quickpwn to come up for iphone OS 3.0 so that I can upgrade my phone  
coverage of new iPhone OS is almost bigger than any other OS news despite being a tiny minority. Even I cover it here 
messed up my iphone  wont be able to use it until a jailbreak comes out lol OS 3.0 is gunna be sweet
iPhone OS 3.0 installed MMS doesn't work 
i am downloading the new iphone OS 3.0 right now i cant wait till it finishes.  my phone is currently off so no call  almost @emily_andree
iPhone OS 3.0 on board  no video recording for me 
iPhone OS 3.0 is amazing!...now to resync all of my apps because I had to install it on a different computer 
is rebooting for the second time in a half hour. It's beginning to look like Windows 7 doesn't agree with my laptop 
can't get it to download  #OS 3
is trying to login to my iTunes store account - it's not working now because of all the 3.0 OS updating going on now. 
still no birthday calendar sync on OS 3.0 
is sad that the Apple servers are down, and I can't has OS 3 
is sad that the Apple servers are down, and I can't has OS 3  http://bit.ly/jIuPe
itunes australia keeps timing out when trying to update to OS 3.0 
@leebo oh I seeee! I thought you meant original OS.  oh hurry up and upgrade!! 3G rocks! Lol! xx
Just updated to OS 3.0 and I'm mad that mms doesn't work 
I daresay Apple enjoy making it extremely difficult to go from OS3.0 down to OS2.2.1 
how is everyone liking the OS 3.0 update?  I haven't been home to download it yet 
Installing OS 3.0 right now. Backup is taking HOURS. 
Update didn't include video recording  #OS 3
Sure wish I could download the new iPhone OS 3.0, but nooooo, it has to be storming.  I don't like storms anymore. 
Yay OS 3.0 is installed. Too bad it's not that exciting 
@chrismealey yeah, but i think we figured out a long time ago that I'm not a REAL RPGer. WoW has a native OS X client 
Ugh...I went to zoom in on the roadrunner taking a dirt bath in the backyard but, like most of my apps, &quot;camera&quot; isn't OS 3 compatible. 
@KaylinKrashesky I/m having problems with OS 3.0 as well.. I guess I will have to wait a day or so.. 
Updating my phone to the new OS; so excited! Annoyed that I won't be able to picture text yet 
@2weetme you should be jappy to be able to upgrade to OS 3 at all. I came up it's not available in my country at all 
My life has hit rock bottom, my mom got OS 3.0 before I did. I'm so ashamed. 
My iPhone running OS 3.0 , wife's bricked trying to install it, no luck trying to restore yet 
I'm disappointed that the new iPhone OS doesn't support MMS yet 
Sometimes I wish I could wipe the OS from my hard-drive and replace it with a new one.One less cynical,sharp-tongued and evil. I'm a PC. 
So how's everyone liking iPhone OS 3.0, eh, eh? I can't download until I get home at 10:30 
i think i liked my jailbroken iphone better before i downloaded OS 3. quickpwn, pls release 3.0 jailbreak soon! 
Forgot to take note of all my jailbroken apps &amp; settings before I updated to OS 3.0. I miss my custom msg sound 
I'm kinda disappointed that apple didn't release the new OS 3.0 today like they said they would  
So, is anyone having luck finding apps for OS 3.0?  Seems to me that they would have launched today too.  Not even the ESPN updater... 
I admit that despite the hour it took to update and sync iP OS 3.0, it's nice to have everything fast again. Still miss my themes though 
Has yet to upgrade to OS 3 gift card doesn't work with upgrade.  FIX IT APPLE!! plz?
Trying to update my ipod to OS 3.0 but ITunes store says that gift certificate processing is temporarily unavailable, try again later 
@ScienceOfSmut can't buy one for another year, locked in. Hopefully next year it'll have faster CPU. OS3 is jerky. 
Ok, how long is that damn 3.0 OS out?? Many app updates now instantly require the 3.0 OS ... this is so unfair 
How do we disable EDGE on the OS 3 ??? I just lost all my units 
QuickPwn still not out yet  ..................... wana see my phone on OS 3.0
Why does the Iphone SDK not exist for Windows? 
@cherry08mariano i can't update my iTouch to OS 3.0. 
Working on an iphone game project - OS3 introduced bugs 
@TheGadgetShow I upgraded my 3G to OS 3.0 but didn't get some of the new features, like MMS! 
iPhone OS 3.0 not so great here on my 2g phone, jerky scrolling and performance issues just like first OS 2.0 updates 
just killed my 2nd gen ipod touch  install of OS3 was interrupted = entire restore me #fail
waited very patiently yesterday when wife and kids had ipod. Finally updated to OS 3.0 this morning and it crashes   ipodfail
@DidierTestot video is only on the 3rd generation iPhone, iPhone 3GS. Not the OS 3.0 
I want the new Jbreak already. I miss my old OS 
Bricked my #iphone yesterday upgrading to OS 3.0,  recovering  data and applications   - too much virtualization can get you in trouble 
the decision has been made, tonight I will back up my mac and reinstall the OS. Deleting 30,000+ files= apparently bad, who knew?!  #fail
mourning the death of my brand new iPhone after the OS update got interrupted.  
Another features in OS3.0: phantom tethering &amp; MMS. AT&amp;T, if u can't keep up with Apple, reduce the fee for data services... 
@dimitori OS 3.0 is cool but I feel use more battery power... 
Friken I tunes. OS X hates me  But I talked to a really nice support guy! :p
#o2fail however finally got my mms to work and now happy with OS 3, still want the 3 G S but have to wait until January 
I don't know how to use OS3 for my iPhone 
@Mike3300 how's the overall OS 3.0? I'm gonna wait for jb first... 
One of the weird things I miss about Windows is the &quot;scandisk&quot; and &quot;defreag&quot; programs. Linux doesn't need them. 
@ErisDS ...It's not that bad, but you are on XP.  I run the same addons on XP at work and on OS X at home. On OS X it is &quot;snappy&quot; at work 
@jasonbroaddus     was it a Windows computer?
maybe having a 40gb partition just for OS and programs was a mistake on vista...  only have 3gb free 
iPhone OS 3.0... still no easy way to simply send a phone number from your contacts to someone else via SMS... 
&lt;-- Not surprised. It was only a matter of time before Windows reached the great level of failure that it once achieved. @EdzJohnson 
new Windows installed. my music is gone  *sniff sniff*
Trying to compile Mencoder under #Windows with theora and vorbis support, but it's just not working! 
OS3 download didn't work 
Setting up my new laptop. . . Which runs VISTA  the crappiest OS in the world. Oh well at least i got a new computer
#OS3.0 #iPhone Darn OS 3.0, making my iPhone take ages to turn on 
@felix_cohen hardware wise plenty have but god damn that OS and chipset.. It just makes me sad cause of the laziness of Nokia, SE et al. 
Anyone know where I can get the GA version of OS3.0 for the iphone on the developer center. I have a bricked Iphone now 
@CaliLewis how comes no one has really mentioned that Google Chrome has the dev release out for OS X and Linux? 
Why is it that whenever I insert a Windows install disk I tense myself to duck? 
iPhone 3G + OS3.0  = slower iphone that needs more charging ... awesome 
@smmithyyy and it has a gorgeous UI, but it was buggered by OS3.0 and the twitpocalypse 
no webOS SDK till the end of summer = me sad 
*sigh* still no Iphone OS 3.0 B / Unlock for Windows 
@JeffHicks I agree, but what ya gonna do.  I had to bite the bullet and update the OS.
buys netbook running Windows 7, and get this shiatz?  http://bit.ly/LjafF
ok my dumb self downloaded the OS 3.0 software not realizing I would lose my jailbreak 
I have updated to OS 3.0, went to the bathroom, but remote wipe didn't work.  
I miss Cydia on my new OS 3.0 
i forgot how annoying re-setting up all of my programs and configs are T__T for 2 diff OS-es too! boo for nuking my partitions 
@MuscleNerd PwnageTool crash when create the custom firmware on Mac OS 10.4.11 
Fontswap not swaping fonts with OS3.0 
iPhone OS 3.0 is far too aggressive with wifi power management - sometimes takes upto 10 secs to come on out of standby. 
@MuscleNerd i had a problem updating to OS 3.0 , the device hanged during the restore process  any idea , thanks a lot
Where's a Windows machine when you need one 
iPhone contactlist is bugged since my last software update #OS3 want to call someone but cant open contactdetails from the list 
@eartheyeone ... aber das hat doch Symbian OS 
HapticPro seems to be not working properly as well....  update bitches, you knew OS 3.0 was coming
Upgrading iPhone to OS 3.0 failed on Vista, it took me an XP machine to recover it 
I am very sad that I can not manage my VMware server with OS X... I would need to put VM of XP on my Mac to manage my VMs... WEAK!!!! 
great...get an error while updating my iPod to OS 3.0  have to go back to 2.0 and reinstall 3.0 from scratch...sigh...
@voxar Didnt seem to work here.. When I try to open the app first thing it does is to close itself..  Is this a problem only for OS 3.0?
@steph_a_nie that's good to hear I just got OS 2, but I can't get any new apps for some reason 
procmon doesn't run on Windows 7 
The iPhone Skype app has *NOT* Bren tested with OS 3.0: &quot;unsupported OS&quot; popup appears upon connection, and the ext mic is not recognized 
OS 3.0 is running gr8 but I have to re-install all my apps again 
#iPhone 3.0 OS is actually slower for me, commonly my apps open to a blank screen until they finally load 
Just wish I could get my Linux machine to talk to our Windows network 
@chicuco: I got a motorola s9 to use with my original iPhone and OS 3.0, not knowing the original iPhone didn't support stereo BT 
@steevdave ubuntu is a POS, imo. I'd rather use almost any distro or OS over it.. 
Sometimes, You gotta hate #Windows updates. 
twitterfon was fcking rock solid in iphone OS 2.2.1, now, using OS 3.0: instant crashes, mentions/DMs are not beeing displayed 
Windows evernote client is a bit clunky compared to OS X 
I hate building out Windows developer environments. It's like two entire days down the drain. 
@TNCCinSD been there done that regarding Windows 7 ultimate, just want to know how much to upgrade from win 7 basic is  win 7 rocks!
@nichelady Well, HTC is the only one that makes them  Then again, they make pretty much every smart phone in the world. I &lt;3 Windows...
going back to OS X after a forced 5 month hiatus with only my Windows and Linux boxes makes me a happy camper 
@lewisshepherd Are they using Microsoft Bob as their OS??? 
trying tweetie OS application - it is cool  i like it
Purchasing @tweetie for OS X today! 
@JasonBradbury bootcamp and new macbook pro  for gaming. PC for heating the house and consuming power/running an inferior OS.
@firebucket I haven't had to reinstall Windows in 5 weeks 
#ipv6summit - yes Windows OS has &quot;power shell&quot;!! weeeee - how useless 
@jimmoran Problems with OS X on the Aspire One so far: no sleep &amp; can't shut fan off. You can do both on Windows 7 
@1sweetwhirl Yes, I would prefer a wild female OS like Leopard too, much more fun, but my job is helping ppl fighting w/ Win 
@pixelpipe Already on it's way.  Can you also help me with OS 3.0 ?? else I can ask a friend. he is developer to.
is looking forward to going OS... 7 weeks 
Installing OS-X on my mom's old laptop. So far so good 
@Hadramie They should spend money finding a better solution for their OS rather than advertising and making new product  We're Macboys FTW
@janiugrin It won't be  But I'll have OS 3.0 beta 4 running on mine in an hour 
@Kichigai Most sites don't make OS X versions of the plugin. We did though! 
todays line up: more work on OS bluetooth app, a brief stint with Uniservity and if I get time some CS4 tutorials... busy bank holiday 
Now only with Windows 7 
@rayvinhsu welcome to win 7. I am sure you will like the new OS but if you have any issues do feel free to ask 
@henriok not really  Just have to install OS X on a harddrive and get it to boot on schools iMacs.
@Darqmatter that's not OS x it's just twitter in general 
@dazjones  the built-in firewall is fully integrated into the OS and plays well with the existing networking technologies and stack
@randybias absolutely, zfs ftw  nexenta are doing some great stuff with OS + ZFS too as you'd know!
I was mad..just blaming iTunes 8.2 for not updating my iPhone OS 3.0.Today, I got the point..we need to update OS 3.0 organizer window 
Twittering from the netbook running Windows 7, very nice 
I am waiting and literally running a countdown for Iphone 3.0 OS..to arrive for upgrade .. 
So OSX &amp; Windows are booting together gracefully, with a linux partition ready, with the OS ready to be installed 
@StefaanLesage Amiga OS4 is been on an off for 10 years now. It's sad. They were 10 years ahead of their time, but that was 20 years ago. 
I'd have to admit, it was a challenge to work with the Windows command prompt. I kept typing ls for dir, and rm for del. LOL! Linux rules 
@wvdschel Just curious, what are you working on that needs glib on Symbian? 
@deconstructo lucky you didnt mistype that &quot;firefox bombs &amp; who cares about OS/2 as a browser OS platform&quot; 
Going to sleep for the day/night whatever   I really hope to get my pc's back soon, I wanna play with some Windows 7 goodness!
Just finished my exam and now enjoying Windows 7 
downloading Windows 7 on desktop 
@booshtukka MS seem to to get search though(after all these years search on Windows still sucks), so don't sweat it 
About to install Windows 7 on my old PC... wish me luck! 
learning how to make movies on Windows movie maker!!!!!!!!!! 
@IceflowStudios Ya, if there to lazy to upgrade from XP &gt;.&gt; for new IE then i guess to bad...there own fault using crap OS 
