Most common words for this cluster:
[('pain', 1131), ('stress', 38), ('today', 29), ('neck', 27), ('lot', 27), ('amp', 24), ('killers', 23), ('day', 23), ('lol', 21), ('im', 18), ('pains', 18), ('work', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'pain', 0.9523428082466125), (u'discomfort', 0.6979766488075256), (u'ache', 0.6819368600845337), (u'Tasheka_Johnson', 0.6640026569366455), (u'excruciating_pain', 0.6422758102416992), (u'famously_bruised_shin', 0.6396536231040955), (u'dull_ache', 0.6249046921730042), (u'pressure_squeezing_fullness', 0.6248440742492676), (u'arthritic_pain', 0.621535062789917), (u'Muscle_spasms', 0.6193508505821228)]





feels like she slept the day away.    Not looking forward to any more bouts with my gallbladder.  At least I have pills now for the pain.
My stress always culminates with physical pain.  
I'm in pain 
@DelicatelyReal  I feel your pain
and i didnt end up seeing it  bumma...some ppl are being a pain
@quinparker I find that, in this age of internettery, this is how you perfectly express sorrow and empathy for another's pain 
is in pain after having her braces tightened  
@FREDDIESDOUBLE glad i'm not at work, but fed up of being in pain... permanent earache for almost a yr is not fun 
im bored and have nothing to do... plus in pain cause arm now really weak and hurting after the hospital 
@bramstadhouders It's easier to feel connected through mutual pain. It's closer to the general level of consciousness of most people.. 
pain, pain, go away.. 
im in pain with my knee. 
@amykinnear thanks! my mom won't give me pain pills to make the pain go away though. 
in pain right now. expecting more pain in due time. 
@m_alice_hale physical and mental pain 
I think I really need to see a chiropractor. up to 30 hours of neck pain.  
laying on the couch with a verry painfull back... wishing someone would know how to loose this pain!!!! OUWIEEEEEEE!!!! 
is still in pain  a tonsillectomy is the worst
@zippitydlicious I know your pain, there isn't much you can do to people in the apartment above 
Writing reports is such a pain in the arse... 
is going babysitting! and my neck is in pain! 
has one of those unhappy pains! i hate this pain! 
...I'm about to pop a motrin 800 &amp; doze off to sleep...the pain is shooting up my face 
i'm in immense amounts of pain 
gash  in lots of chest pain again  and a largeish headache to top it off. ventolin and codeine = my new best friends
@ubuntugeeks I feel your pain, I'm trying to figure out how to fix my problem with my harddrive 
@JuliannDivaBags  ugh, feel for you - working on getting over a head cold, so I feel your pain 
-it was inevitable but...oh the pain! the excruciating pain!   
I've done something to hurt my finger, and the pain woke me up.  
whimper foot pain!!! 
@mulsteff i feel your pain, i was as well 
with a little pain in my elbow.. again 
This is annoying. I'm going to wash my hair. That will be a pain too only cuz half of its relaxed &amp; the other is natural 
just got my tongue pierced! aghhh in  pain 
@vichick girl i feel your pain 
in pain  laying in bed with a heating pad, watching the graduate.
@will_wu seperation anxiety... 
http://twitpic.com/3naz5 - I have this pain in my chest... wonder what it's from 
Ridiculous amout of pain right now.  Totally unnecessary if u ask me.
More pain, eh? Balls 
when will the pain end? 
@melamoogrrrl what pain r u in? i have a tummy ache  i'm going to have some chocolate now to try and cure it *lol*
the pain...aghhhh someone save me 
excruciating back pain. 
My heart aches to say my grandmother is no longer in pain. She passed on about midnight! 
Just woke up in the most horrible pain yet and bleeding a bit. I need prayer and strength and rest. 
I'm in to much pain for this walking banter     x.
@simplytangerine I think this is stress... 
going to bed early still in an immense amount of pain 
I can't sleep b/c my wrist hurts so much. I took some pain medicine, but it's not helping at all. 
@RealWorldMom  - sorry you're in pain.   
 .... Feeling pain and happiness at the same time. How confusing!
Such bad pain right now 
I can't stand to see people in pain 
just hit my ankle on the desk. major pain 
In pain again 
Still in pain... Is there a doctor in the twitter room? 
@olafsearson this is agony 
@CoreJas43 I'm sorry, I'm terrible at dealing with people in pain. I try, it just never ends up right. 
didn't know heartbreak causes actual physical pain....... 
Has chest pains.   
Today I learnt the importance of keeping pain killers up. 
is out of hospital following shoulder surgery but in a LOT of pain 
@undisclosed2you I don't think it will. It was hurt bad, and still in the middle of the road. I just hope they can ease its pain 
@officialTila same here. i feel your pain  lol
is ill and in alot of pain 
@NaomiNay she's growling and hissing at me when I touch her. She seems to be in a lot of pain 
in super pain major cramps 
I hate back pain!!!! 
cheerleading competition on saturday  i have bad back pain 
feel sick, painnn  i hate pain   i cant eat and we have dinner now =////
it hurts to see someone you care about is having pain 
xoxoKayxoxo im in pain   but good.. hbu?
Gums/ tooth root hurting, need pain reducing gel 
pain in my eye 
@lgarrett210 ohhh, i forgot! but I feel your pain!   Being without suuuuckssss!
every monday i get this pain! 
I have a pain! 
time for my dose of pain killers, off to bed to have wierd dreams on meds 
I'm going to take some pain medication and go to sleep I should never feel like I'm swallowing a mouth full of rocks 
wish i could just eat away the pain... but then i would get fat. 
I wish I could make the pain go away 
pissed off at the pain my teeth are causing me 
@helahelen hungover? haha! take advil. i just took some for my knee pain 
@valimerie  I feel your pain
- Wish this post-dengue crap was over, but according to the doc it may last a few more months  pain pain pain
goddom, chest pain D= short. of. breath. kinda hard to breathe 
  but chilli prawns will make the pain better...
@kbonatsakis me too  I feel your insomnia pain
im in pain. 
Still in ear related agony 
@jazzga04 the pain is back 
6 months after got rearended/whipplash I'm atill in pain yaal?!? how long does it take 2 heal? will it ever? 
I have huge stress in recently!! 
i'm wondering just how long migraines last, and how comes this one is just not letting up even after pain meds 
@vanntan Thanks! I'm in too much pain to rest properly. 
Is here home sick, I had such a stomach pain and headache pain ! its just such a bad day!  I thought today was going to be good! 
is wondering if there is any pain worse than a toothache 
@roiben unless it is being a pain in the arse like it currently is. 
My tooth is in unbearable pain. 
growing pains 
PuGs the pain of the unfuilded 
i'm in pain, it hurts  shoot me.
@icanshakemyhips I feel your pain. 
@mistakepro haha, i hate growing pains! They hurt so bad! 
@Tammyharris i will pray for him...jesus take all the pain away!! i been there it Hurts 
seasonal allergies are such a pain. 
So took a nap and I'm completely sunburnt not good I'm in pain 
got to stop sleeping in awkward positions ! neck is in unbearable pain! 
still have this pain 
im dying in pain 
In bed in pain  stupid  muscle spazems 
@TracyCharles you know I will always be there for you. The pain will subside eventually 
@surbhi04 ahhh! that is soo bad!   then y u giving it more pain by typing!
I can't imagine any pain worse than this. I can't even move. I don't know how I'm going to get through this eight hour shift.  wish me ...
so....much....pain 
trying to cure my bad sunburn. anyone know what to put on this to make the pain stop? 
I am getting quite a lot more pain now I am off the antibiotics, I hope it doesn't get bad enough that I need to take pain meds again 
@chunwai09 I feel your pain for gunners 
pain on my feed 
separation anxiety from ally 
one thing about having an extremly high pain tolerance...u never know whats really wrong!! migraine going on the third day now 
my back is in hella pain i hate having scoliosis  MASSAGE FOR ONE PLEASE?
@Rockergirl75 awww babe  i feel your pain
going to bed im exhausted &amp; in pain 
@tooie I feel that way too.  I feel your pain.
I wish the pain of this horrid sunburn would just go away!!!  
lying in my bed of extreme pain. im hurting everywhere. &amp; am very nauseous  cry with me as i lay in yhe bed of pain *tear tear
just waxed my brows... doing it yourself kinda sucks when you know when the pain will happen 
I can't move my neck. The pain increased from yesterday. What's wrong with me 
@gbolsmith I feel your pain, I'm in the same boat. 
@emilyfreeman  Thats the big pain, sorting your contacts out if you change 
@trekkerguy Photobucket is broken which is a pain in the rear. 
im bored as hell, and still in pain from my vasectomy! 
@astegerlewis  he gave me prescription but only to be used if i'm still really sick on saturday, until then its just pain killers 
In dentist waiting room. Nothing quite like the anticipation of pain 
is in too much pain from my tattoo  more than getting it!
is back from the doctor's. the little one's asleep. needs to be given pain relief for her virus and teething. poor little thing 
i am in extreme back pain... but i must press on... lots to do today... 
Probably not going to work today. It sucks seeing your wife in pain 
Is in a serious pain...but still finds myself on twitter lol...ouch!!! 
wow. tattoo pain. and i feel like crap. 
 My wisdom teeth are coming in and causing me alot of pain and headaches 
No one understands the pain I feel..nor do they understand the sleep I need. 
@eliiiiza ok, but some strange painful tweak in my lower back! I'm not old enough for this kind of pain 
Hitting low point in cold (hopefully!) what a pain 
@amyelizbeth 1. if you give us small straws, we'll bash open the top &amp; that would cause more problems. 2. I feel ya. no pain, no gain. 
In such pain 
@tommcfly  ah get well soon! tweet the pain away haha
In pain, but at work!!  
@IfUSeekLizzie I'm sorry about the pain, sweetie  You don't deserve it&lt;3
Just woke up with the sharpest pain in my chest  ugh
So much pain  what the fuck did I do to my neck last night!?!? LOL
in lots of pain  
waking up... wondering how long the wisdom tooth pain and swelling is going to last. ouch. i need to eat and cannot 
ow. pain. ouch. not fun. owwww 
This pain in supposed to be getting better not worse. 
I still feel horrible and in extreme, intense pain. 
i can't through the pain 
im in pain  take care of me?
something is so wrong with my throat right now, I can't swallow or gulp or yawn without excruciating pain  I don't know why!!!!
is in pain..   toothache 
I've got a pretty bad hangover to overcome today...but I feel worse that @djns is having tooth pain  that's the worst!
@lady_karelia  I've felt that pain.
@PixelScum Now you know my pain! 
dislocated right shoulder..in pain..in pain..in pain... 
can't sleep cause my knee is killing me and the pain pills havent made me sleepy either   i will pay at work tomorrow i am sure.
cant move my neck properly. this could be an issue. no sleeping with pain 
i have a very unusual stabbing pain in my side which could be a ruptured cyst.. lets hope i dont need a hospital trip today 
I have horrible cramps  I can't imagine the pain women feel when they are going thru labor and having contractions.
Hoping that if i get good pain meds from my dr on tues i will be able to go back to work. I miss @alannab and our iph wars 
Just got home.. Having a pain in the bingy 
My genitals are severely swollen thanks to @Joelsk_'s constant attacks at them. Can someone make the pain go away? 
Oh god the pain is still here 
i saddened when some people inflict pain upon themselves. i just really want to help them forget the pain they're feeling. 
is numb with pain! 
stabbing pain in my incisor. ODed on jelly bean  score. been taken care off though. can't happen anymore. it got over.
down with stomach pain 
I woke up with a pain on my back (again). I think that I  need a massage... 
In bed on pain meds... I hate my shoulder/neck 
@WeTheTRAVIS there is no pain. lol. just major pain with braces and having a problem of a small mouth that hates braces. 
@Raisinlike I have allergies too...so I really feel your pain! 
In a LOT of pain 
ouch! the expected aches and pains lived up to their promise 
is in sever pain! ; can't sleep ! ughh 
having a mild attack of gastritis. hmph. stomach hurts  stupid gastric pain.
I am in pain right now. It is physically painful to hold my eyelids open. 
@saudarilee What's up with your wrist? Is it joint pain? from carrying the girls too much?  
feels alot of pain in her legs right now 
suffering from extreme boredom 
@Risquedeviant Y are you in pain!?!?? 
So pain is 80% gone but replaced w/ a fever.... FAIL 
@fi69urgh i feel your pain  i get a hangover from going to bed late with or without alcohol .so what fandabbydosey stuff u doing today ?
Trying to post a pic of my free sack boy and twibble is being a pain in the arse. 
Fuckk. This chest pain is unbearable 
.@ShaddyBabeBiTch she texted me &amp; i spoke to her mom. she's obviously in pain, but stable. not sure how bad it is 
cramming is not happening...can not contentrate with this pain   I hate exams and backs!
ahhhh i keep having pain in my body 
ouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuch. so much discomfort, why does this keep happening 
@SunshineeKiid its anoying fell my pain 
i am afraid they can't wait. the dreams i build the pain they can't feel 
@Deekman I feel your pain, i think im the only one that doesnt have the bow and arrow 
never felt pain like this.. legs are so sore 
@shannonkrebs I feel your pain 
@Brunty Blarg~  took sleepy medicine because I was in a lot of pain, was hoping it was keep me asleep for longer.
is in pain and has to work all day... 8-5  http://plurk.com/p/vh0z1
Intense pain.   .  Feels like someone punched it.
@soozafritz I feel your pain 
3px of pain 
My back is not feeling any better @ all. I have never experienced such debilitating pain. And I was so looking forward to training 
@fulhamgagsy its called post traumatic stress disorder &amp; survivor guilt, the stress of waiting &amp; feeling sorry for culled colleagues   xx
@jay_ell_bird pain you mean the illness? 
@kayzr It's new, setting it up is a pain 
chillen. in pain. done 
has tummy pains. 
Oooooooouuuuuuuuuuucccccccchhhhhhhhhh. In soooo much pain. 
@pikaland worst font  i feel your pain!
@leetherriault I know. I switched it up, but it's being a pain in the butt. 
My legs are SO soar  but i guess they do say no pain no gain... i however hate the pain!
I'm lying still in a position where there's no pain, but I need to pee and I really don't want the pain that comes with standing. 
So wishes she had seen the chiro this week ~ pain 
@sitara68 I've had that before... it's NOT pleasant, did you swell up? sorry you're in pain love 
sad that my knee pain may never go away 
@VioletKanian i hope the pain goes away soon 
in pain  so so confused.
so much pain and discomfort. i want my mommy 
@mixmasterrdx pain?  head ache? Or aches and pains?
@antdeshawn ... the pain is worst 
I forgot how hard narcotic withdrawal is on a body.  Trying to get off pain pills... but I get shakes.
@Pokinatcha  in all honesty...pain   blech.
well fuck- this new pain med has an odd warning that actually applies to me. i can't take this. -chan is displeased. 
I'm back. top molar extracted  swollen face, all numb.  But no more toothache or sinus pain.
why do i think i have to take medicine cuz i was laughing to hard?. my head should not be in this much pain. i thought laughter was gud 
@Saresa And I feel your pain. 
@madeleinelaurin whys your cat in pain? 
I love music so much that i've gone through pain to play :S my sides of my fingers now are peeling and have blisters from playing so much 
cannot go, cannot refused to feel the pain 
headed to the hospital. i can't take the pain anymore 
I hate going to the dr  just wasted 1 hour and a half for them to say my back pain is probly depression or stress. Duhh! I need it fixed
Sometimes it hurts that pets cant talk back to us. What if they are in pain. How would they tell us. 
@projectcloud i'm trying  in lots of pain though.
I hate it when I am in pain 
feel like a junkie  i live in chronic pain disorder with fentanyl an morphin, that is not nice... it really sucks
fever's down. headache far worse, bad enough that light or sound make me want 2 cry.  new: wretched neck pain. im calling out to job#2 
I'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  In alot of pain. 
Is in serious pain. 
Feeling the pain from the accidente.   not feeling too good
@TehBlue I don;t know how they interact. I'm getting better with the pain, though. I want to give my poor liver a break. 
fed up of pain now 
rec game....trying not to cry...the pain is to much..i need him...can't lose him &lt;/3...my heart is breakingg 
@joenkobema73 what's wrong? How come u in pain? 
@mosaicbooks and now they are one. To become a bigger pain. 
@katecameron2002 o can't work that one out  pain in the ass them spammers
My legs are killing me now.  but i know it's a good pain all in all.
cowering from pain 
also soo ridiculously burnt  it's pain, pain, pain. but worth it!
sheet ere comes da pain agen!...i hate pain 
fucking over everything; studying, stress, boredom, sickness, headache, coldness, crappy music, hair being a pain and causing problems 
My mom is on alot of morphine right now and says she feels no pain! 
Sitting in bed waiting for my pain pills to kick in. I hurt my knee badly going up the stairs earlier tonight. It went *pop* &amp; hurts now 
@recycleanimals So do I! I feel your pain. 
So drugged up right now and I'm still in pain 
i'm like about to cry. my ankle is in excruciating pain right now and i don't know why 
im sick and with a ear pain 
@thirstforwine i feel your pain... 5:30 for me too 
Waiting on my tylenol to kick in for my back pain! 
spa made my ankle feel soooo good it barely hurts...the pain will come back soon 
suffering feet ache 
@lazarusheart Ugh it's super hot here too, I feel your pain. 
is in pain and cant sleep... 
I sure don't need this added stress right now 
is sharing her bed with her little boy who has an ear ache, not fun having a bub in pain 
In a lot of pain... 
@slimgoodies hope the pain subsides quickly. swelling pain is just awful 
suffering from serious back pain. 
i desperately need the toilet but if i leave i may miss another goal  *pain* #FAcup
officially in the worst pain 
Is irate and in pain 
noticed this morning i have a buggered knee  now ive noticed it it is constant pain......bad timessssss
still in alot of pain iwas hurt'n so bad that i didnt even go anywhere lastnit 
is super-queasy from pain meds. 
In soo much pain 
I want pain to go away so I can concentrate on designing 
wonders if this pain in my chest would go away...  http://plurk.com/p/x9h2r
@FutureVoiceOfNY  im in pain you should come over and buy me some advil lol
@_ophelia got codine 4 the pain &amp; sum other tablets 2 open up tubes 2 help it pass through!  I've not been in so much pain since labour!!
had dental work done and they hit a nerve with needle, in pain 
@thenyxie he's not here anymore  he must be missing us and trying to distract himself from the pain!
is in sooo much pain right about now 
@chloecee btw did u unfollow me??  ..twitter has been such a pain today 
packing again... and the agony never ends... 
12 hour clinical = pain in the joints 
No driving for me today  Getting a full blown migraine-going to rest for awhile and see if I can get rid of it! Such a pain...
@tweetnotpurge1 chest pain, anxiety = awesome. it appears i have some gastro issue. on way to store to buy zantac, chews, &amp; whatever else 
is in some serious pain  being a girl sucks sometimes....ouch!!! :'(  :'(
Is in bum-loads of pain. 
Ahh stress   asdfjkl;
gonna rest for awhile &amp; stress out my pain &amp; heartache again! 
pain is uncontrolable rite now 
i seriously need to learn how to cope with stress 
is  , fucked, and in emotional/physical pain.
Oh man my honey is in pain 
@bunnieface It's cool... I'm bout to mask the pain with blunts &amp; alcohol *tear* 
is in pain i need sum love!! lol my wisdom tooth coming in crooked and i have shooting pain in my mouth, my neck, and my head 
just gOt Out Of the hOspital again!!!! when will the pain stOp! ugh!!! 
Getting ready for lights out ... I'm tired and in pain... 
i am in pain right now!!  help..
@khloerose its stress 
today i went shopping and then i smashed my thumb on the door. I am in serious pain because i also have a headache and i am sick.  help me
@stephenyeargin it was t-pain! But no, sadly he couldn't make it 
Sadness is a sign of pain 
took a percocet two hours ago for my back pain and it's still hurting. 
@nflawless9 hard workout + dancing in L.E.S = pain for ian 
@AVJaysonAV   ahaha, awh! if it was any other exam i'd laugh at you.... but i genuinely feel your pain 
My shoulder pain is keeping from sleeping. 
am in excruciating pain, its agonizing pain, like it seriously hurts 
In sooooo much pain! What's wrong with me? 
I have done my back in when i twisted awkwardly to watch daughter2 and now I am in agony, stabbing pain between should blades. 
i got a heart full of pain..head full of stress...a handfull of anger all held in my chest 
is in a lot of pain right now 
@iamdiddy up here because of pain 
I have stomach pain	
Is there more to life than just pain 
so stress 
ugh been awake since 6 and in the worst pain ever  cheer me up tweets
elbow = bleeding = pain 
@heyybrittni well congrats! &amp; hopefully it will go fast. waiting is a pain 
Ooucchh sunflower seeds stuck in my braces  ahhhaaaa the pain 
i've gotten sunburnt yet again today, 3 times the pain 
@kaelahbee  i used to have permante tonsolitis and for 3 years i was on the emergency waiting list for a tonsolectmy. i feel your pain.
is awake and still in pain! Yay! 
@GEORGEISGOD lolololololol it stops the burning pain 
@BriBri123 without being in pain 
is trying to figure out the source of her (physical) pain. 
shouldn't have complained about the lack of suntan yesterday, I'm in pain 
I hate the uncertainty and anxiety of being a patient.  I'm scared.  
@sheenaburns only in mild pain today. just hoping i don't peel for the wedding 
recooping from gallbladder surgery...           in pain
@VVbrown i feel your pain 
If you have an old injury,thought pain was supposed 2 appear either in activity or cold weather.It's hot out &amp; my knee hurts 
uugghhhh back pain 
hayfever sufferers i feel your pain  today i not a good day for us lol
sunburnt, heat stroke &amp; a wholllllle lot of pain 
Still whining about my cold, which is not settled into my lungs. What a pain, especially on such a beautiful day. 
my stomach pain is coming back so thats not good 
@mollyissogyo i feel your pain 
stress of weight 
have a migraine....taking a hot bath with the lights out.....one candle. sounds sexy, but isn't. im in pain. 
@icochea1 welcome to twitter! I still have insane pain in my ear from the pressure of landing + sinus. 
I hate pain.. 
has been in pain, pretty much all day 
@GIJanePMS I feel your pain   I'm not a fighter, either.
Pretty sure I might have shin splints. I need a new form of stress relief this week.  ouch
i want him to get better but i also don't want to see him suffer anymore  he's in a lot of pain right now
@lgvillalta I scrudd of the pain 
The weather is great, and I have to sit inside... Sudying for one, but also cuz  my allergy is a big pain in the ass today 
So not a fan of pain!!! 
@johnsonCAB i'm glad you feel my pain that the pens lost 
is in pain from her sunburnt foot and back  owie!!
caught up again in neck-ache pain 
@verityfred i went to get icecream, and we didnt have any... so now im watching an episode of how i met your mother to console my pain 
A horrible pain in the neck  #fb
haven't slep cause I have no drugs to make the wisdom teeth pain go away 
Rabbits know how to inflict pain 
theres a pain in my tumtum 
can't sleep, in to much pain, ugh 
period pain!!!!!!!! 
@devourerofbooks   I feel your pain from the confines of my cubicle.
I got dental treatment today...  So pain!!
Suffering of abdominal pain and migraine  huhu
my heart hurts.  not like sharp pain heartattack... more like... sad.    i need a hug and my bed.
In a lot of pain because of my stupid pinched nerve.  I really wish my back didn't hurt so bad 
@whatswhat_sian It is never a consolation to know someone else is feeling similar pain .... 
i didnt feel any pain until about 8:30pm when i finally relaxed.  and then it hurt like hell and swelled up. ouch.  
I don't want to think about it because it only makes me feel bad.  I want to get over it real quick to avoid the pain of not being who I w
feels intense pain on his shoulders &amp; nape when he sneezes.  http://plurk.com/p/xnlea
have a stomachache attack... feel pain everywhere 
@morningstar1111 i was shleeeeping otherwise iw ould have!!!!  going to the doctors. alll alone no mama so major pain  and no comfort
suffering with cold... fever.. !! nd throat pain also.. !!  these three are making my life a HELLLL... !!!   
@d33pak I have a cold too  with throat and ear pain!
Off to see the doc, fingers crossed he can stop all the pain and the cold shivers 
It sucks when your causing someone pain, but it would hurt you to stop their pain 
Its a never ending pain 
In pain. Sunburns really hurt. 
Being in pain and sick really puts me in a bad mood 
now remembers why solving a relatively big equation with two unknowns is a total pain in the butt 
The pain is starting to hit, hope the meds kick in soon! 
laying in bed,  in pain still  I wan't to go outside!!!
@miadearden i feel your pain. 
@Nebachanezar its stress, for me 
@brianna7x constant pain? where on your lip did you get pierced, babe?  i have two and neither of them hurt!
At home hurting and ready 2 cause severe pain to others! 
had a glorious day, that ended in sharp pain in my knee, really sore throat and a small shock from peeking at my bank account balance. 
really cba anymore!          pain! 
I have pains again 
@thisguy1 I do remember when they popped my wrists back though. No pain meds or anything! I cried my eyes out 
i'm so sad  the wednesday my julito died  nothing can stopping my pain julito i love you so mush my angel
Not feeling good  think ima need some pain killers soon
needs to see the boy so he can take away all the pain. funny how i rely on him so much now 
i'm so sad  the wednesday my julito died  nothing can stopping my pain julito i love you so mush my angel
i'm so sad  the wednesday my julito died  nothing can stopping my pain julito i love you so much my angel
@nicolajoiner heres for irony i got prickly heat while in an immunlogy exam, shame it didnt come up in the questions  im feeling your pain
stupid neck pain  shouldn't this be happening when i'm like 60? lol
at work, but I got a pain in my belly 
god this pain is horrible  I don't wish this on anybody
pain  this sucks ass. I want to get hip surgery
In the hospital wit gramdukiez she don't feel well :/ it hurts to see her in pain 
@hanajibu I feel your pain 
@creynolds123 feeel my pain 
watchin american dad s4e19 trying to forget about the pain in my mouth  http://bit.ly/bd7aw
@HarryOvercash i feel your pain 
I think I'm going to have to give up and go to the doctor. I've been dizzy, had headaches, hot flashes, and nausea as well as some pain.  
watching the bachelorette and dying of muscular pain. all bruised up! 
@treyfive hope u not too much in pain hun 
@EmilyAlbracht I feel your pain! 
@nitrojane @caitliness But I have girl pains 
back has exploded, really sore, must be all that bending over taking photographs. in pain 
my heels gat dry... its like prickling pain 
is in pain 
Hopefully sleep will make this pain go away 
@andrewin3d I completely feel your pain  angels&amp;kings&lt;3.
going places in toothache agony 
im in pain  my face is now peeling booooooooooooo i feel rank (N)
Lower back pain is starting again  I can't handle the constant pain!
pain medication makes my tummy hurt 
I woke up in extreme pain. 
Is having chest pain 
So i got up played the pain off for awhile but now its swollen to the size of a softball! pretty sure something chipped or broken  !myluck
I have a massive stomache pain and not sure why! 
@SMLP exactly! I know your pain 
@ionacosmetics actually i have to see my pain dr at 4. I rarely sleep before that. She knows right where it hurts 
is in pain 
@katyhasredhair I feel your pain 
@markhundley He is going thru that stranger anxiety - and since I don't get to see him often enough - I sometimes scare him - 
at home not feeling so good, i can't sleep with this pain 
@hworthy I feel your pain 
@AlwaysCharmed yuck! I am very prone to those. I feel your pain. 
@sipdrink I feel your pain 
My ankles are in a LOT of pain. 
has completely destroyed her feet. sooo much pain 
@glennmarsalim I hope she listens,yet I hope she's so heavily sedated that she doesn't feel those tubes n she doesn't feel the pain 
laying in bed...bored...still in pain 
@CathLabChick - sorry you are in pain  hopefully a solution is near....
@aaronob *hugs* I'm feeling your pain!! I have to work overtime all this week 
I'm in sooooo much pain   I want my mommyyyyyyyy
@mooseymoose29 shit hun u wud not want this pain and on the bone too 
@shortyel1 don't abuse my pain 
@blech Of course.  That's going to be a pain for me, I can see. 
I gots my fingers crossed for a massage when I get home. I am in pain. Owch 
I'm feeling very sad. If I could go through all the pain and nastiness for her then I would in a second. 
@pooni21 i feel your hayfever pain, although all day i had someone telling me it was actually swine flu! 
i just got this random spasm of pain in my mouth...like jaw &amp; now i gots a headache! 
knee pain is the worst.. 
is dealing with the worst stomach pain that you could think of. Its been this way all day long and now I feel like throwing up 
@johnolilly    I feel your pain.
@sarahmcarter I hope I wasn't too gloom&amp;doom w/her, saying I was still in pain...   But she is alrdy walking pretty well, so ahead of me!
go away pain 
Little girl is in pain and we're off to see an out of hours doctor 
is in some for real pain 
in pain and sore 
I hate seeing my doggies so sad and in pain  makes me wanna cry.
@Hozae dont laugh at me im in pain 
I have this muscle in my back that is screaming in pain. I need a massage! 
is very sad!  @cc513 when will the pain go away?  
@DigitalLeonardo yes, it is kind of a pain when sexiness and 3D don't get along 
Is in pain 
really wish my crohns would give me just one day of no pain 
stress makes me constantly hungry! 
@kateboardman its a pain - the later i sleep the later i get up and the later I sleep - i can give myself jet lag if not careful 
today super busy, and plus my neck is pain... haiz.. 
@tanyarhh That's so sad! I'm totally feeling your pain! 
I have a ridiculous sore on my tongue  color me in pain.
trying desperately to stay awake, pain back in my arms &lt;sigh&gt; and can't get through to make appointment with physio 
in a lot of pain still! I hate the dentist 
Waking up to stabby abdominal pain bad. 
@Chrissyisms yes, always when I start loosing weight I start getting them... lowered the lights but still have the pain 
gah, server monitoring is a pain, nothing does what I want nicely 
Why am I being punished with pain? 
Just when I think I'm starting to get better, the pain killers wear off. 
got out of work early to go to the dentist i cant take this pain anymore 
: day 2 of couch confinement = still lots of pain and boredom...missing everybody 
is going to the doctor today to see why I am in severe pain and why I can hardly move.  please be praying for me.
@JustinHawkins good boy taking care of that foot..hope you're not in too much pain 
@stephizzzle I feel your pain 
I just killed a bee  but I think he was in pain, he was just hobbling around on the floor rather than flying.
wonders when can she stop feeling the pain. 
in soo much pain! 
@MTcoffinz I feel your pain, sister.... too much to do and not enough time to do it. 
I don't like seeing teddy in pain. 
The pain is keeping me awake. 
steam burn  I actually cried from pain. Not exciting.
freakin a. the pain! 
@dbloom Or when the tab is in the background... I can feel your pain... 
@Jazzone .....i feel ur pain homey 
y the neck still pain geh?? 
is feeling the pain of a break up   
@syd87 doesn't it just suck to have to tweet via web?    I feel your pain!
Is going to the doctor..can't take the pain any longer 
@LittleMsJacque I'm already having separation anxiety!! Why are you leaving me! It's not fair!!! 
@sinalicous @JKlover @DWEENALUVSNKOTB @LuckyStar71 @missava @Blancaes69 thank you  she was in terrible pain, I wanted to help her so badly
@VickyCheng awww i feel your pain 
Still in a bit of pain 
@TheRealJordin aw  take some midol and see if that helps the pain
It's such a pain having to swap numbers 
Never thought I'd ever have to feel this pain. 
@TiaSparkles i am alergic to cats... i will be in pain 
is recovering from falling down the stairs, and is in alot of pain 
shoulder is in pain. 
@zachcumer your pain will be over quicker than mine  LOL
the lake washes away all the pain... too bad it's only temporary 
Little brother just came home from having foot surgery and is in soo much pain and I feel horrible I can't help him 
i can't move. in excruciating pain from really bad fall. my entire right side kind immobile and i'm alone right now  ahhhhhh pain!!!!!!
going to watch the hangover.... And missing my pain  http://bit.ly/j7OYm6
Is in alot of pain 
@scoobadaBeast in my house, in slight pain. I'm feeling sick. 
I forgot the feeling of pain after a long period of stress... 
The rain, and the pain in my teeth, have had me up since 6 
So I put padding in my shoes to try and avoid the aching and pain and it held out longer than last week but not enuf.  one set down...
@squinkee the pain doesn't stop 
damn it. totally just took a pain pill after drinking wine earlier... not feeling well 
Is pain pain go away! 
my mouth is in more pain than ever right now 
IS in pain after falling down the stairs yesterday  x
@dragonsinger57 pain in the neck when that happens 
tired, uncomfortable, in pain...cant sleep..missed his text...yay for me 
I need to see a health care professional specializing in back pain and neck pain. Just sitting not moving at all is painful..  
finger.in.pain 
Still in pain 
on and on, the pain lives on.. and it's hurting me more.  http://plurk.com/p/ytzst
i've got a really big and pain zit on my back.  hate zits so much.
wow just woke up to crazy pain. I hope this vicodin lasts me. 
@Meaningfullove I feel your pain...me too  6am
Here comes the pain 
I hope there won't be complications with the fall i had just now. Already the pain is intensifying. 
just got up ... back is in pain couldnt tell you why .....  
i just endured the pain of a derma cleaning. 
@sardun I didn't realize she was teething and in pain! 
@NeonGypsies I feel your pain. 
home in after second foot surgery in mad pain 
Still in pain.  Missed work yesterday.    Still OD'ing on aspirin.
I cant stinkin sleep... my neck is sooore but I dont want to take more pain killers, 'cause then I _wont_ sleep at all 
Just left the dentist, soo much pain. Toothaches are the worst friggin' pain ever 
@n5ltc  not sure, but they cause lots of pain and nausea 
Such bad pains 
Actionscripts is pain in the ass. 
Gahhh ! I am in sooo much pain 
im arm is abosolutely  in pain 
In pain  sucks
@nicholaswyoung again I'm sorry I'm being such a pain. 
@blottedcopybook I know where you are coming from, I had the breastfeeding/pain thing with dd1- it was my sacroiliac joint-  poor you 
@jasonboche that is a pain in the arse and goes back to v.1.x some peeps can't really restart the service that easily 
Sitting at home wishing my surgery was over and done with. I hate being in pain! 
Apply for passport renewal is a pain in my backside... 
@Dontg0quietly im so sorry.  i feel your swiney pain.
I have a pain in my neck  :S
the past 48 hours have been, sequentially: , @_@, o_O;, &gt;.&lt;,  . i blame it on the pain killers
my tooths broke.  annoying. but no pain, =D
@MandyMorbid i know your pain 
In a lot of pain...  x
Feeling so pants!! Need to sleep but in a lot of pain  miss my baby when I'm like this...x
Ouch! I just poked myself in the eye wahhh! i'm in pain 
@Cadistra, ouch.  That sucks. And I feel your pain. 
In unbelievable pain!! 
this pain is fucking excruciating! i'm dying haha 
@jordanmccoy aw, i feel your pain. 
So much pain  and so tired
Heprim is not working. They put in a second line for more heprin. She's cracked out on pain meds. 
@thisisbree I feel your pain. 
In pain &amp; still over all exhausted 
@heathenshearth I know.. I am sad  I want to chat but I woould rather this blinding pain go away.
... I give up. I'm just going to go to sleep in pain   joy!
@natefanderson you are being a pain in the ass... and its making me not happy. 
@JulieeM awh you poor thing  i'm in pain too with this sunburn
@LorinD I feel your pain 
While that may make me feel happier (&amp; yet somewhat creeped out thanks to you) that will not ease my sunburn pain 
@Ateyaaa i was in pain when i saw your hair tangled up 
lots of pain today. percocet not doing its job too well 
Unable to use the self sevice checkin, which is a pain  Now standing in a fairly static queue #virginatlantic
I have a pain in the heeeeaaaaadd 
is in pain  the agony! the horror!
uggh ! can't take the pain away, 
unfortunately beauty knows no pain. 
controlling the throbbing pain in my head 
cant sleep due to excrutiating pain 
really bored and the pain killers still havnt kicked in to stop my really bad tooth ache  i hate the dentists he put me in this pain :@
@JELuttrull i hope one day he'll realize what he had in me.. and how much i love him  but now its enough pain for me. cant take it anymore
still in pain 
I also think I've developed another allergy. I'm in chronic pain after eating a bananna lol 
ouch ouch shin splints ouch ouch.. grrrrr pain 
I need more sleep. Getting up for church is such a pain. 
5 days on antibiotics and my pain is still a 10 
I am in a lot of pain &amp; can't sleep 
@zadkiel i feel your pain. 
i woke up in the most horrible pain 
@annaruby your fingers have got to be in pain today 
heartbreak..  1,5years of effort n it result nothin' but pain
i wanna get off bed n shower, but i can't! i'm in pain 
@Judnikki ha heard that. feel your pain man 
...been dealing w/ horrible pains all morning! I'm hoping they will ease up very very soon!! 
Is in so much unbearable pain... 
Is in really bad pain 
@jmellc  I need 2 take  my drugs again I'm n pain again  http://twitpic.com/6uuvz
... and scoliosis infested back pain 
is soo tried and in pain 
is in tremendous pain 
take the pain away 
I am in pain. 
Hanging out with the family and have recovered from E3... But shattered a tooth this afternoon  pain killers ftw!
bone spur is killing me  anyone have suggestions on how to ease the pain?
I'm still in pain 
is in soo much pain i think i have a broken toe 
Is crying my real pain out 
My cat is being such a pain in the bum..she normally doesn't bother me at night..now she seems to need constant fuss 
The things I do for my baby/fighting the pain 
kate is having one of her inconsolable teething pain spells. heart-breaking 
@briarlaboheme When I had one, I'd always end up biting it off while eating something.  They're such a pain.
going to sleep! omg my leg is killing me!!!! The pain has spread   !!!
@purplefangs i know  i feel your pain -_-
@mindila I promise to do so muffin! And @AgentLashes I hope your pain goes away very soon 
Is in a lot of pain right now 
@joshmeatsix awww that must be such a pain  hope you enjoyed download.
@manaloloandlola i know you are sad about youknowwhat. we've been waiting for it for 3 years.  i feel your pain!!
The pains hard to deal with 
@dlabb you're one of the only people who feels my pain right now 
@Koast08  im dieing panadol wont take the pain away
Too much pain 
can't sleep on my left ear tonight  or the next few nights to come. throbbing pain throbbing pain. wah wah wah
pain from d of e and I have to go to school 
I'm very tired - pain induced insomnia last night 
@sharonlee17 ouch yeah...i feel your pain 
gotta do english homework  what a pain...
@biffgriff No! It's because i have gone over my monthly allowence. It will only be for 10 days, but still! It is a pain in the rear tbh 
Oh great, the pain is back 
in bed in pain 
is stress out  http://plurk.com/p/111pkj
@missyjule I feel your pain...already there!! 
thinks download was miiinnntt, but is in bad pain 
has got terrrible pain 
man.. this g1 battery is a real pain in the arse.. 
@VonBon I feel your pain.  We seem incapable of spending less than 90 quid whenever we go too 
@TinchenFFM stress scheiss montag 
@akr93 I'll be here feeling your no jonas pain 
@voiceovergirl I feel your paperwork pain 
Needs to find a new dentist.....is in pain!! 
ohhgosh. very bad muscular pain 
got a massage yesterday and my muscles did not like it and are pissed off! in sooooo much pain today  
@ujm pain=bad 
is in a massive amount of pain due to sunburn - I will never learn. 
still in much pain with my neck 
in excruciating pain. was  hoping i'd feel better by today 
i still felt the familiar pain at the mere thought of him . . . 
Silence! I'll Kill U!!! - hard day... Can somebody relief my mind from pain??? 
oooow  4 throat ulcers.. never felt pain like it.. i'd rather get covered in more ink
@doodlebug38 They are an absolute pain in the .... I keep telling her to get lost but she's not taking any notice 
My ankle wrenched today :/ I'm in pain 
Stabbing pains in the abdomen for the loss 
still in some serious jaw pain...excuse me while i go curl up in a ball and cry 
suffering from cold 
wiches the neck pain would go away 
I'm sick of constantly being in pain  I'm totally falling to pieces!
@mlexiehayden I'd be bald headed by now  Lol...too much stress!
@ERMoore sorry it's been such a pain becca! 
why why why... must I put myself through this pain. It's called work 
Oweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. I'm in pain 
..... Off to #bootcamp ... I can already feel the pain 
@zurplemoon http://tinyurl.com/la93fo I always think the grief we feel is us taking on the pain they would have suffered if left longer. 
@shi819 ouch  poor thing at least it takes the pain away from your legs now right?
@BobbyBurgerT yeah I'm already feelin the pain 
I am going to rest... and take some pain pills...  cause i do not feel good 
@marisa32686 i feel your pain. 
I have the worst pinch in my muscle. I think its not only body-position enduced, but stress related as well. 
is in worse foot pain this morning - moving at all, now stretches the skin 
injured my thumb. oh the pain. owch. 
seating charts are such a pain!  there is no perfect solution  
My tooth is seriously hurting and no pain meds! 
omg!!! my wrist is in pain!!! 
@xheichanxbladex I feel your pain 
@jelloyd My favorite lipgloss was ALSO discontinued. I feel your pain. 
@nomysteryleft i hope u get to see daryl soon, i feel ur pain too 
Ohhmyyfreakkingodd! This is pain  I wouldn't b
going to bed.. in pain 
Having dental pain 
I'm going to need some heavy fucking medication for this pain to go away... 
can't sleep!! my bf @foxhalltlawson is *snoring* &amp; it's hot. doesn't help that i already slept all day bc of my pain medication 
had my surgery today  they didn't fix me, in a lot of pain..
@vlad_dracul I used to get goods far infections bad. I feel your pain.  hope you get better soon. &lt;3
@mileycyrus i think i am feeling the exact pain as u right now except its my bday 
@iDavidCharles i feel your pain. 
experiencing major girl pain!!!! 
Severe fuckign pain in my left arm its scaring me 
@numberchic me thinks it's just the pain from holding in my poop. 
Still in pain! 
Is having gastric pain 
@nicolalalalala stiff and in pain my physio was particuarly rough this morning 
is feeling for him, I want the best for him, they don't deserve this pain 
In much pain before puppy training, might not go.  Why can't cuteness heal all ills? That would be rad.
FrogParade feels your pain 
I hate seeing my friends in pain 
trying to bear the pain of tooth extraction 
@Pwllcornel don't they realise they are such a bore *yawn* and it's such a pain having to block them 
every time i yawn ever, my jaw pops. and it hurts bad. i want to be able to yawn without pain! 
Again im in pain because i need food 
is now going home. I can still feel the pain. 
@caldon12 I hope it could be recover ed soon! I could feel e pain from the words alone. 
layin in bed...in a lil pain still from surgery! 
In pain  and the television is doing nothing to relieve any boredom!
i wish i was t-pain 
on my way to work....n im sleepy n tired...n with pain on my knee 
in my bed...  this pain is horrible! :S
@epc I feel your pain 
@girlswglasses yuck  so sorry - I had two flats last week so I feel your pain. I think 114 must be growing glass.
@MissIve might be the best way even though its a pain  wipes out any gliches
Not having a good pain day for surgery recovery   But I found a way to elevate my leg while sitting at the computer!
@silentdew I'm so sorry you're in pain right now 
at work. In pain 
In a lot of pain from 2 hours of p.e 
@chelliemo At least that is relatively rare in these days.  Doesn't lessen the pain any, unfortunately. I'm sorry.
is in soooo much pain after her operation 
The pain in my foot is all I can think about 
In a significant amount of pain after having had a tooth out yesterday...only a dull pain instead of a stabbing one now but still hurts 
@coollike aww geez, I feel your pain. 
tired and in pain 
is in pain..... awwwww...... 
@maaandi i feel your pain, that happened to me and i still cry about. all my old pictures 
waiting at the surgery center.hoping this procedure will release john from pain's tight grip 
@phoenixlike in my pain. The drugs are making me loopy. I just missed a meeting 
At work and in pain!! 
my sciatica's been bothering me for two days straight.  ugh, the pain. this isnt even a problem lindsay can fix..need my chiro.  so lame
@H0llywoodWh0re I can't begin to imagine your pain - my guy suffers constantly from pain brought on by helicopter crash yrs ago 
@Samgarcia102 sorry about your wittle toe   i've had a migraine for about 2 days so i'm in pain with you ugh :S
in pain. ow 
i think i'm dying over here. my underarms are sore and my back hurts. not to mention that my feakin foot is throbbing...agony &amp; pain 
need to clear off my bed. i'm in serious pain 
I have this pain in my as...I believe it's called homework 
looks like my seesmic upgrade failed  will try reinstalling.. pain
I am so tired of stomach issues...everyday pain and discomfort...when will it end   
...I bet I won't be able to move in the morning  ah well that's what pain killers are for! Http://the-port.co.uk
really bad freakin swimmers ear.. sitting on the couch in pain 
@KittyMadCow no, not in tomo. But I can't sleep anyway-too hot and in a bit of pain  taken pain killers but no effect as usual!
I have a pain in my chest 
In pain after a simple medical procedure... 
@fattyftw I know sweetie  We'll bear the pain together.
sick of the pain thanks to the 'wisdom' tooth 
is in a lot of pain 
Just got woken up from real bad pain in my belly  ouchness 
@markc  doesn't look too good  how's the  pain?
this is the worst pain i have ever experienced 
i missed @taylorswift13 rapping with t-pain.   
pain in my leg 
@kRaZy_FrEaK495 the piss out of that. doesn't stop the pain though 
in pain from sunburn 
This pain in my neck started about two weeks ago and hasn't gotten any better.  Not even a 600mg ibp helps 
@EMbracex3 I feel your pain hun 
i'm in pain! i can't move! oh dear god! 
In pain (physical and emotional) tired and still need to work on my 2 minute argument 
@DenzelBurks  yea i cant find my massage buddy, so im doomed to b in pain 4 all everness now!
MASSIVE tooth ache! i got my braces adjusted yesterday, and my whole mouth is in pain..... 
why is t-pain a trendy topic tonight? i mean seriously, t-pain? 
is in mucho pain at the moment. 
@DevinLester I feel your pain 
3 weeks today since the thyroid surgery... i still cant sing  ... the incision has turned to a scab, pain inside has become just weirdness
My stupid leg hurts. I took pills for the pain but I still can't fall asleep 
up at 4:06am in pain 
When I woke up this morning the pain had doubled, why is that? I can't touch it 
I cant sleep cuz my arm still hurts :/ this is day 3 and the pain is still a 10!!!!!!!! 
this is a pain! seesmic's new a/c choosing ways are broken I guess 
stress oh stress 
@DaRealerstTPain pain we need more stuff from you 
is in pain 
T-pain   fangs for the kind tweets y'all kx
sitting in wrk with my slendertone on and having to pull strange faces cause of the pain 
Writing my dissertation is a pain in the a** 
@jordanknight ..no, you're not complaining, back pain is the worst pain to have...it never goes away 
ive decied sickness NEEDS to die. I've had just about every pain killer and still feel really shit 
@SArmypez I have the opposite problem....  I feel your pain.  
I'm def having seperation anxiety 
@sdenike lol took 2 5s.  mostly made me silly, and didn't fix the pain 
Is seeing the doctor about my foot &amp; in lots of pain  I hope its not broke
argh. neck pain. neck pain!!! it's been like this for weeksss!!! 
I am way too young to be seeing a doctor about joint pain 
Still can't walk, can't bear the pain  this sucks so much.
@wardenbecks yeah, i have dial up, it really does suck. i feel your pain 
My eyes are in pain. 
I am extra broken today. I took the meds my doc gave me for spasms but not for pain, was scared to take them at work. Now I want drugs 
morning cardio makes me feel great except for my shins which are in pain! 
@nat_tilly no pain, not blind but can't see too much because of the drugs!! lol. No hot docs either 
My face is un numb. Now the real pain is here 
my stress/anxiety has caused me to have a fever and body aches  i'm so neurotic...
@FairyChica78 I have a pain in my neck. Not sure if it was from sleeping wrong or something else, but it hurts and is causing headaches. 
is in pain  i just got back from having my blood drawn...
foot  is in alot of pain 
@TJNeonLimelight yea sometimes u jus have 2 get over urself n think about how much pain n agony they r in 
I'm not feeling well  I'm very tired with a headache and tummy pain 
@FireWeenis27 i feel your pain! 
wishing the rain would stop......such a pain when you cant go outside 
Wish my neck and shoulders would quit hurting me (2hours sleep). V.A. waiting for C.T. scan before decent pain killers. 
has a pounding head.  Where's the pain killers?
FRRREE!  And in pain ... 
is in immense amounts of pain! 
why did i do it  i feel so shit miley accpet me and share the pain D:
I wanna kill myself.....does anybody have a razor or some pain killers?  :/
@philipbeadle cheers mate. you recovered? my pain killers are coming out now... 
@Rainesire111 me too. I feel your pain..literally - they make me come early b/c it takes so long to numb me up  for us - i go again friday
@twentysixcats where is the pain?  praying
Sadly no, the kiss didn't help with the pain, she laughed at me 
@OfficialKat I found a worm in a potato once. I feel your pain 
in a lot of pain...not fun 
I'm in soo much pain, i love taking hard falls 
In tons of pain 
I've been told that this injection into my spine at the nerve root *should* relieve the pain. If it doesn't I may need surgery 
feeling so much heart pain!  i wanna get drunk now
my tummy stil feel pain..i dunnoe y..it's been long time.. 
@fabulousJo u know it ! I hate pain ! An tooth pain is the worst  I also had prob 5shots to make sure I felt nothing I kept sayn more!
@c2s i'm sticking to water. maybe cough drop. it's stress i guess  have started getting stress hives again. punishment for stress eating
@mcmswa as a fellow diet coke addict, i feel your pain. 
@HeyElizabethL I feel your pain. I didn't get it either, I feel so bad  I got the flu and spent all my money. Sucks being broke dosent it?
Doesn't like it when my baby is in pain 
can this pain get any worse? 
darn it. my phone's dying.  it's making that noise. totally sounds like it's in pain. wounded solider...
Too much pain = two vicodin, i really hoped my ankle would be feeling better by now   #fb
i'm in pain 
I have a nagging pain under the shoulder blades. How do I get rid of it? 
@AlfinaHawaii having to wait around in pain. 
This pain is ridiculous 
finally succumb to the pain and took panadol 
@jamiehitchcock - the permy pain still hurts  But the market's picking up again...
ugh this tahitian dance trip is turning into a butt pain  
Glass bottle...foot...pain...  
Feeling unwell... Having sort of chest pain  http://myloc.me/4gzZ
Why is it everyday im in more pain instead off it getting better 
I cannot stand the pain 
@moratorium chest pain 
woke up super early, &amp; can't go back to sleep.  in pain.
hates the agonizing, excruciating, and unbearable pain of the prick of a needle...  http://plurk.com/p/11wenq
@CanGraham I'm feeling your pain, babe. I think our entire group has gotten it. 
is in pain from her fall  x
@suziemcdaniel Why are you in pain? 
trying to ignore the pain of his twisted back. soo very much pain everytime i move 
This rain = yuck class and I'm in pain 
@johnpflores hey I've been having major probs w/my achilles also. I feel your pain...really I do. 
Trying to stop the pain of my broken heart 
 in pain.....argh
:argh!!!! wish this pain in my eye would go away 
The pain from migraines is bad enough, but I think the way it screws up my schedule and productivity may bother me more 
stats....what a pain!  will need help @richierb 's help 
fell down the stairs and is in pain! 
in some serious pain       and starving      and tired        so not great really....
in a lot of pain  my dog tripped me while running on the road and I am now all scratched up!
need better pain pills  this shit sucks
@lisaparticelli how was gno?  sorry I missed it.. leg had bad pain. 
@Triplevowel aww pookie... It damn sure does though I feel your pain 
is now on crutches and is in a lot of pain 
@smackmacks That's what I hate about starting a new work out.. the pain afterwards 
@symphnysldr i feel your pain 
@hsienchew no... was at the dentist instead (just routine, no pain, but glad i finally did it). 
pigging out -_-* here comes the pain 
not feeling good  in really bad pain...trying to take a nap.
@ the hospital, suffering a really crucial stomach pain 
far more revision than necessary doesn't help neck pains and headaches. 
i need to take some nurofemln. The pain is resettling in 
#inaperfectworld I wouldn't b in pain right now or have joint problems. 
The pain  - can someone take the pain away?
#inaperfectworld i wouldn't feel heartache &amp; pain  i'm not asking for much, or am i???
haven't been in this much pain in a longggg time. just shoot me now. i'm getting in the bed! 
Has been dealing with allergies all day and it's been nothing but a pain in the royal butt. 
Belly is in pain. 
@doofusboy I feel your pain  those buggers hurt!
@cldone The pain was to much 
I'm in sooooo much pain 
is in alot of pain rite now... 
has a lot of severe pain going on and only has one far away fix. 
So laser tagging really wasn't that bad, it was actually borderline fun, but unfortunately it caused a great amount of pain to my foot... 
The pain.... 
is feeling moms pain tonite... she just had knee surgery today and while attempting to climb the stairs put her weight down on it 
Wtf so tired of being sick and in pain  I think its time to crack and see a dr grrrrrrrr I hate drs but hate the pain I'm in :*(
Setting up my new laptop.. what a pain.. 
She crying frm the pain &amp; fear of it's getting worst. Sobs rack her body, already weakened by chemo. I've not felt so helpness for awhile 
im in pain 
 pain errrg! stupid cold and stupid people confusing me!
I am in sooo much pain right now and all swollen and red.  I can't let n e one see!
@Ericatwitts i havent seen it but i can feel the pain 
Why does my pain cause so much pain? 
..suffering from 'noASSetol'  
my arm is in agony. i'm icing it and i can't hardly move it.. it's a shooting pain all down my arm 
my arm is in agony. i'm icing it and i can't hardly move it.. it's a shooting pain all down my arm 
i wondering how long the pain for my surgery is going to last, cut from side to side is no joke. 
hhmm, i actually thought if i stayed in bed off my feet that the pain would go away, foolish me .. pain sucks 
Just woke up in pain...my back and chest is aching with pain. I can't lie on my side it hurts too much. 
turned my bedroom into a sauna to get rid of period pain 
in a ton of pain.... 
@rbflygal not much better  it'll take some time  pain killers yay! *hugs*
Is in a lot of pain. 
I'm in soooo much pain, my jaw is achin so much 
Oh, it hurts when you have a long distance friendship.  This pain isn't like the pain I have after climbing, this stings right here x.  
Unsettled day  Nurses out to administer some stronger pain relief.
I am finding 3.0 to be more of a pain than benefit 
my spine is a twisted heap of pain 
just done banking - pain was as expected 
I phased out one of my pain killers 3 days ago - codeine based. pain is very bad and sad to think I may have to go back on it 
@JuicyJones What really got to me is that she was in too much pain to even keep her eyes open to watch it. 
muscle pain in my legs is killing me.  arggghhh.
@lanafromoz oh no!  that SUCKS, and what a pain that they won't remove them.  feel better.  
I think I have dry sockets...woke up in a lot of pain 2day!  Wtf  
is feeling nautious because of the pain... This is the worst pain I ever had in my entire life... 
@orbie23 I'm sorry you're still in pain...me too  We should definately organise it for next year! I'd be up for it!
im hurting all over, and i dont think the pain will ever go away. 
@JazzMX5 The part about her not being able to keep her eyes open cause of the pain killed me. 
I hurt my knee &amp; can't walk without pain 
@brittyinpink I too am sad! I deal with my pain by poking fun at the situation. 
I'm in a lot of pain  damn it
@starbucksapron  They are most definitely................not.  I feel your pain.  
running errands but in pain 
Just got a sharp stabbing pain in my side. It hoitz!! 
@josordoni what a pain 
http://twitpic.com/7tdl2 - sob!!  (i realise this pic is gross, but people need to share my pain!)
still can't eat through all of the pain. 
in pain - ulcers going down my throat 
I just can't deal with this anymore. I just want her to get better, and it breaks my heart when she cries about being in pain 
wiped out on my longboard, now the pain is rushing 
its official..im depressed  @ashleighlines i feel your pain now
I'm dreading my paperound tomorrow, but the pain is nowhere near as the pain I feel when you're not around  xxx
@bigwormy My horse had that problem once.  It aint pretty and the poor things are in pain!    Hopefully they can give him relief soon!
Marcos' certainty principle: &quot;sun + bare skin + time - sunscreen = pain, lots and lots of lobster-red sore pain&quot; 
I'm getting a pain in me stomach 
@picksliding using feeds will make this a giant pain 
 I hate pain
I am in pain 
being sick is such a pain in the butt 
in so so so much pain  watcahing a moviee with my mom then bedd prayy for me
@MissNisha1 mmmhm i dont mind everything else that comes with it, its just the pain 
I have a bad headache and some stomach pain 
@anagore I feel your pain, I feel your pain 
@AlainaFrederick  you didnt call and now my sister did, pain agony, but never defeat
is in pain  fuuuuuuuuck
wrist pain  do those magnetic bracelets work for that?
I am in pain  no bueno
.. my face is swollen, i'm in pain, and all alone !!! 
is in pain 
Going to run tomorrow may come back in pain 
dis dental surgery is such a pain 
sunburns=nausea and pain.... 
about to pick out the weave glue  pain here i come
my doggy had to go to the vet and get injections for arthiritis-- he's in pain the poor thing 
 I make nonsense jokes that make pain to others....
is in pain after his bee sting 
@DigitalFirefly I feel your pain 
My stomach.   If this stupid permanent gas pain thing I seem to have developed would go away, that would be totally awesome.  
@bigbinks could run into copyright issues. had a site like that years ago on UGAS and turned into a pain in the ass 
Waking up with stomach feeling sour again. I'm afraid of eating anything that my pain will return. 
pain = bad hunger = bad fatigue = bad all three = me right now 
@josordoni What a pain 
just got my eyebrows threaded  never ben through so much eyebrow pain.
feel really ill  pain giving me dizzyness and headaches  /rasp
Still in pain 
i really need to do some laundry... but i sooooo don't feel like it... lotta pain in my jaw today  shouldn't it be better by now!?
@stingdragon I am surprised by the pain youre having, mine was not like that 
i really think i've done something to my knee, the pain hasn't gona away! 
yoga @12, then I guess I'll start braiding my hair  ...oh the pain and sorrow of hrs put into micros... *sigh*
I got tummy pains 
suffering from last nightt. 
is in alot of pain and these antibiotics are only making me worse  bad times!
@jenty no shame that doesnt sound right.  gosh you must be finished! i really hope his pain eases.
cramps r no fun. pure pain 
it  is so beautiful outside, but I don't feel like even  getting out of bed    this pain is really getting to... - http://bkite.com/08IgT
@KreepaDaKurse kreepa I was in pain.. my back was hurtin 
@BerryLuscious i feel your pain.  ugh
I'm sleepy but up still, dizzy, weak, headache, stomache pain. all this better go away soon 
im in pain 
saturday night and I appear to be watching football  not even got any alcohol to help ease the pain
can't help but wonder if there are blisters forming... so burnt, so much pain  fml.
Totally still feel like crap  stupid tooth and all the pain its causing me!
wishing i could love the day... pain &amp; complications from surgery 
I have a pain in my chest and a pain in my kidney!  It's killing me! x
still in alot of pain 
I really hope these pain killers kick in soon 
Wedding stress has now begun. 
D@ddlovato  i feel your pain..getting over strep 
@joshgeeksix I feel your pain! And sadly the one place where I didn't feel totally ignored recently closed. 
@jneworleans yeah..chest pains, stomach aches, and throwing up. i'm wondering who i hurt to deserve this pain 
I feel sick and a little stomach pain for me 
Now hives from meds!!! Now the pain has a best friend - itching!!!!   !!!!!
I'd rather die than let this pain take me over again. It's so hard, to let you go 
So much pain 
i have this really sharp pain in my bak cummin up to my shoulda n i dnt kno wuss wrongg 
@uknowulovemeh What pain???  IS it tinnitus?
@lafemmenelle: @_DoubleM I feel your pain 
crap muscle pain 
Just woke up from an extremely long nap...  my meds are not working at all...i'm in pain 
agh the pain... me thinks my wisdoms are coming in 
@HanHouse sorry you are in pain hun  hope you find some relief soon!
tried taking a non coated pain killer but the pill got stuck in my expander 
up early for take that  i need a coffee and pain killers 
i hate debugging code  feel my pain
@chainercygnus - its a pain i know  but sadly its the only way to fix some of the bugs that were coming up.
Going to bed, in pain. 
My foot is practically broken. I have never been in this much pain 
I have the worse growing pains right now omg 
pain ouchy 
going to bed.absolutely exhausted and in pain 
is hoping she will be able to roll out of bed tomorrow... back pain is a killer 
is in pain 
has a super bad pain in her side 
Going to take pain killers. This pain is seriously unbearable.. 
i just slipped and almost dislocated my shoulder. *pain* 
pain in my neck, hittepit or ibuprofain doesn't work 
i still feel the the sadness and pain  how i wish yOure hir to comfort me. 
got up at 8:30. not very good, i'm so tired... throat pain stirkes back 
Lower back pain prevents me from concept2 rowing, 4 days now 
fighting with xorg...it's been a long time since i've needed to do this...but i remember the pain vividly 
Home, in pain  really bad pain
Still in pain. 
u never learn ur lesson til u put urself thru the pain i know better now shame on me 
feel a pain in my leg 
Currently experiencing some crazy back pain . . 
In more pain then yesturday 
So tired of the pain 
@AmyLynne348 I work there...feel my pain 
Wow, the pain was yet to come. I am practically crippled. 
cocoa keeps cat coughing and sneezing and i dont know what to do. i hope she isnt in pain  
@kevshawn Juans in bed in lots of pain. And phoneless 
@iiluvdannyjones like you sleepin in an avery full of demented birds  glad u feel my pain!! xX
i was reading old blogs, and it made me remember all the pain i was going through  wowww boys sometimes...
@TiernanDouieb I feel your pain - I manage to sleep for about 1.5 hours before waking up to sneeze and blow my nose repeatedly 
waiting for @Nowimnothing22 to come visit meeee. wish my medicine would help the pain but it's not. boo 
@harrytheblurfan i feel ur pain !!!  but don't despair manchester awaits !!!
I'm in pain 
@aliceinnyc I wish I was there  I'm stuck here in pain.
@TaviGreiner ugh what a pain. It has happened to me many times. 
Wishing I could take your pain away. 
In a lot of pain. I hate my klutzness. 
She's okay. Couldn't even score prescription pain killers.  just tylonel
ok got to go in some pain 
pain is getting steadily worse again  it's okay to take paracetamol at the same time as ibuprofen isn't it?
oooh back pain 
is in pain. 
gfdi, my head is back to wtf ever this pounding nonstop pain is. How am I supposed to finish my chapter?  #bringbacklife
@whirlygirly I've had tension headaches this week-I feel your pain 
@EmilyFalcon The migraine pain itself is rarely the biggest trouble for me - it's the haloing beforehand that puts me out of commission. 
Excrutiating pain 
I am in pain... and have decided that i no longer want to be in this pain 
i am in pain, i will probably be mean all day. 
I'm sick of being in pain now. Would give anything to get rid of it 
Stress, stress, stress 
Ive never been in this much pain! 
The day is starting out with pain and light/noise sensitivities.  So I won't be here much. 
is in pain 
how does it feel when ur long lost bf has another gf? still, it hurts so damn much!!  how do i cure this pain? T__T
Sometimes, even when I'm feeling strongest, knowing that the pain is so far from over makes me feel so weak. 
@markhallCC Wow so sorry to here that I will be praying for all those affected. I have lost former classmates to suicide. I know the pain 
i'm in lots of pain, what could it be. 
@PatriotsFan401  that's so sad. How did u overcome the pain? He tells me that he will never be the same after this.
...starting to get knee pain  I'm getting old! pimp down!
ahh bodyy pain i need new skin!   
painkillers are false advertising, they don't kill the pain, they just make it go away for a little while then it comes back 10x worse 
is in pain, i am cursing my irish heritage right about now. SUNBURNT 
I can't believe I'm in the much pain from using the paper cutter...ouch...my poor back 
What's the best cure for a heartache? 
i'm in pain. 
dang this insomnia is a pain i need to go to sleep 
@icequeen4 hopefully.  i'm in pain already and i never burn ! i usually get like light mocha-ish colored.
@mccanner : sadness.   my heart goes out to you. 'tis a pain to go back to have it re-done.
6hr was like.. pain: 9/10, temp: 7/10, headache: 4/10, b loss: 9/10. hanging in here as best i can. 
I get to tryout two prescription drugs, not one of them are for pain 
Beauty is pain!! Lol 
pain...so off to bed i go 
    geez I'm feeling their pain
@stormy_eyes can't slp again  due 2 left side of body hurtin so much. Wish I liked pain meds lmao
Horrible tummy ache! Going to bed, i hope the pain goes away! 
hoping that sleeping will take away the pain in my ladies... 
@Orchidflower stress 
Ouch. I am in pain. 
I am in pain. 
is now living with a bad neck and back bcoz of a massage gone wrong! little upset! and in quite the pain 
@aungtastic it's such a pain trying to make things work 
@ionickeith  I feel your moving-out pain; although probably on a smaller scale.
Still in agony  trying to iron but it's a very slow process when in pain
i am not in work mode today - pain is creeping up and i am becoming more and more numb 
@de_ceptacon i feel your pain  my screen got all messed up with green lines. huhuhuh
@emmielovegood  I sowwie. If it makes you feel any better, I'm in pain. lol
pain  gay so much ironing, so little time!!
I don't like moving @djt_elle. So I feel your pain.  
don't know how many pain killers i've took today but my sore head and throat won't budge 
pain in my left ear 
Why did I wake up with chest pains? 
can't believe it has been one year already.. yet the pain I feel whenever i think about it is no less than what i felt before. 
@ work in pain my back has been killing me!!! a old injury keeps acting up with the rain!  cant wait for this pain pill to kick in
got a tooth pulled out............. i m in pain 
in work thinking i have kidney stones with the pain im in 
AHH my throat hurts like a mofo... ughhh the  pain... the anguish... the suffering, who knows what i should do 
Lower back pain is persistent... I really hurt  I don't know what to do, but I might turn to acupuncture!
is dying from gastric pain... cant sleep 
so much pain 
stress induced stress. who knew? 
@sameergupta Aww! I had that for full one month when I had typhoid. I know the pain.. 
I think I may often be a forgetful, irresponsible, pain in the ass. You'll be relieved to know that I'm working on it. 
I'm up; it's time for pain meds 
@Swizec easy  no pain no gain  &quot;now gimme 50&quot; 
OK I'm in pain still but made it to work. The sun is out and couldn't be happier 
@jaqen lol pain is good. that means they're fixing you up!  you and your creaky bones....LOL
@llef I feel your pain, I remember dial-up speeds only too well. 
@wundergraphiks ahhh, spurs........mavericks.......maybe.........watching the rockets may ease the pain 
@DarrenRoberts Yes very kind of him to do that for such a pain in the arse like me! 
Just finished my work out very sore now...but no pain no gain right  http://myloc.me/45Y
I sense a little pain behind those eyes. There's only one cure for pain like that. 
It is great having a website, but finding traffic is a major pain. I'm working on some ideas though 
@sprinkles_ I feel your pain, indeed. but don't give up, we'll get there too 
@masaers where are you submitting? hate the stress too 
omg i love that t pain and chris brown song. 
@imany87 No pain No gain 
cheerleading competition on saturday  i have bad back pain 
the pain's all coming back, i just dislike drinking tablets! aaah. i'm sure i'll be fine. 
@Drsuperstealth good good!!! the more you keep at it, the less pain you'll and then eventually it just goes all away  
@lnapier it's just begun. The pain increments from here. 
@cnpsupport: I'm either really tired or the meds I'm on for back pain is making me loopy, but you are cracking me up 
listening to i can't wait - akon feat t pain . i love this song 
@traceyctt I live for pain, bring it on 
@Lawjunky lol I'm sorry for being such a 'literal' pain 
@monarchlibrary LOL. i had to share the pain. 
@amandapalmer I've seen better ones  ... (did it deserve all that pain?)
@lolaaugustine I feel your pain.  
So excited because after a knee adjustment because I just ran pain free!! YES... 
@jean424 I feel your pain sister... 
the pain goes away from both side 
@sethsimonds @KimSherrell Ah yes - the pain of rejection 
@Blakeboever I'm a pain in the ass I know lol but eventually I tell you everyting 
@sandyemm : awwww i yes you do  dont stress it mama
@BradleyF81 yeah... now you feel my pain 
@ireckon better enough that I nearly forgot to take my pain medication just then  sore when I move but fine while I'm sitting
@kristendom how are you doing? once you are off the pain meds we should plan on a happy hour 
@WnchstrsGirl good morning and soory for the pain 
So happy to be home before sunset... I don't even mind this minor pain in my arm due to that flu shot! 
@danimcmen That doesnt sound very nice! It should help the pain tho!  x
@adventuregrrl .....finished right about now, so within the next few hrs i might feel a whole new kinda pain. but i'll keep distracted 
@nursebc1974 Aww well I hope you get to feel less pain soon 
I look like a polar bear!  tehe pain meds got to my head =P
@TheSterlingJoe - I describe this pain as an all over bruise. 
#thingsmummysaid &quot;You wouldn't have chest pain if you don't smoke cigarettes&quot; 
@BlokesLib Sounds lovely. I am all pumped up on pain killers for dental pain, can't tell my fingers from my toes 
