Most common words for this cluster:
[('paper', 224), ('story', 132), ('com', 104), ('list', 102), ('essay', 99), ('http', 99), ('report', 83), ('copy', 73), ('background', 69), ('article', 63), ('lol', 60), ('comment', 52)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ferrago_cluster', 0.6960372924804688), (u'http://www.jpost.com_servlet_Satellite', 0.6727913618087769), (u'Donald_Luzzatto_editorial', 0.6722633242607117), (u'davidallenblog', 0.671051561832428), (u'They_unroll_toilet', 0.6687752604484558), (u'Dan_Rodricks_column', 0.6671916842460632), (u'offbeat_tidbits', 0.6666461825370789), (u'visit_OrlandoSentinel.com_techblog', 0.6638115048408508), (u'unicorns_liv', 0.6599323153495789), (u'visit_www.sj-r.com/bakke', 0.6599037647247314)]





@statravelAU just got ur newsletter, those fares really are unbelievable, shame I already booked and paid for mine 
I wish I was better at writing. It's taking me so long to write this paper. 
@celycarmo i'm sorry I don't understand your last comment 
So the procrastination starts early in the quarter. I don't want to reaaaaad and write a paper 
I don't want to talk to advisors, they don't advise, the judge your arse off 
@indiblogger  do i neeI dotn get any comments and suggestions 
wow #epicfail on me. I did a search for epicfail and didn't see many entries but apparently, it's widely used. I'm depressed now 
working on my senior paper 
didnt announce reading lineup 
trying to extend reading the watchmen by not reading it at all, i dont want it to end 
@jaredleto  i can't sleep i need to work on my speech about huka and youth, i hope i get the 10 full marks 
@beatccr I can't wait to read that one...still waiting on my copy 
@skinnylatte its a great article but quite sad. We are the saddest pinnacle of evolution 
@mesteras guess I can't ask you to help me find blue contacts then 
ARRRRRRGH.. I haven't saved THAT file! 
has severe writers block 
Oscar is getting ready to be neutered  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6366157
Stressing over the methodolgy section of the m-learning report 
writing my report for uni! 
@pennyxlane exactly! i'll grab the sheets tonight and do them tomorrow. i's forgot 
can't write anymore papers  five to go
I hate finance subject... they make me feel woozy!! 
just got 2nd opinion about my illness.  not a good opinion.  
Typing a report....soooo boring 
@jordanhowell awww damn!  At least I can be safe in the knowledge I was pretty close. =D
@aynber You don't like my coke iccee comment? 
It sucks that my print ad didn't push through. That would've been my first stint at modeling! 
@hannahindie I am procrastinating on that paper. I'm doing all other homework assignments before that paper because I dread it that much  
is doing well with this Jewish essay 
Really needs a companion to go to the paper airplanes show tonight, please? 
We regret to inform you that your paper has been rejected 
@ArtFireJohn I can't view my comments from votehandmade 
@xolaurencexo The rumors were that he had cheated on her   I really hope they are not true though.
Microwaves are really fucking confusing 
We don't know results yet   It's going well, though!  Not helping, I know...
@benher It wasn't a very good advice 
rethinking my goals after reading this review on the canon 50d, I really need help with this  http://tinyurl.com/cowsjq
in the library pretending to write a paper about social networking. 
I wonder - how do I start freelancing again? I lost all my contacts 
@SassyMyMy sadly..i dnt have any of those 2 hang wit... 
choked on a piece of cheese or a bean 
finished with the paper! Now on to the next 
the liner buried his voiceover....missed the song  #asot400
ever heard about jaws cms. testing it on dbr website. smf to be used as forum. revamping is a big mess and i lost all previous data 
@JohnKremer and 85% of statistics are made up on the spot, too. http://is.gd/rLdg for some real examples 
@roobies holy shit i thought that was the 1 but the entries looked so irrelevant i thought it was the wrong tag  ...what have they done
i hate it that it's raining over here, hard to go out  , what to do, what to do, any suggestions?
Not fun transferring tweetdeck.com to new hosting  Should be there now for most...apologies to those affected, working on it
I googled up remedies for jonzing and reading was one of the suggestions. therefore i'm now reading angels and demons.. it's pretty bunk 
asot400 is down in the trending topics. too bad.  #asot400
english essay 
@MyfWarhurst I'm out of suggestions ... 
explanation exceeds 140 chars.... 
I have a persuasive speech to rewrite and memorize. blaaaahhhh. 
@JessikaSays i have two more reports to write 
nearly finished this stuuuupid essay. 3 more to go. 
@skypiratekuuki no v6 alas. Totally out of print. 
is wirting on his term paper in e-commerce 
my paper is still not done... why? 
I meant that last one to be a haiku...I'm no #deonandan. 
just watched confessions of a shopaholic. I am afraid to say, that is soo me 
Is writing a killer child study essay, wishing a magazine placement would fall into my lap 
Wish I wasn't hungover writing a paper. 
@AmineB @waterproteins did one, but didn't have permission to release 
@ladyprivy take good notes!  I wanted to go, but have to study. 
p.s. - i swear i never knew that when i was thinking of my username  so much for originality.
@cyriacthomas haha! i have a suppli coming up in that  waiting for results...
Still having issues on writing a descriptive essay 
Yay done simulink. Now report 
Last update retracted - I was too happy to think of that piece of shit author being sued to remember to check for a source. It's made up 
just woke up ..bout 2 finish this paper..1 page done 9 to go  ..my goal is to b done by 4 or 5pm ...i wonder if i can do it? 
My pc is shot need a new one to do research reports 
@bharris6 i'm doing the same thing with my thesis.... i've exhausted all of my bookmarked pages already 
still doing the journals.. 
I'm so glad @michaeljnelson refrains from tweeting about politics. I would feel horrible if he did 
Jlughh I hate doing outlines... 
Working on three papers 
Just made a good classification of pastpaper essays into topics. Does not comfort me at all. 
At library trying to write this paper, its not going so well 
i've written only the intro and 1 paragraph of my essay! its so hard 
@Spitphyre so I was just nominated by @punkpolkadots and you? I don't make the final list of nominees? 
@ahj It seems they didn't like my comment 
I'm coming up with different ideas for videos/songs/orphan organizations. I'm always daydreaming about everything.. but biology and math. 
Trying to do my speech. 
arrghhhh paperwork 
can not sleep yet again...not looking forward to typing this other paper! 
@Stefalicious  I can't believe it is just over, that conversation doesn't feel that long ago!
feeling super rubbish. writing a brochure on mobile document shredding is not helping  didn't even go out this weekend. there's no justice
is tired but have to do her geo presentation 
writing a paper...I cant focus 
Only halfway done typing my essay  I still have to shower!!!
paperwork     I need a minion for this.
my predictions were right. 
I'm so angry at myself. Why didn't I do well at that interview? I blew it up 
ugh still here  and I'll have to fix that paper...
research paper of doom! 
Printing additional information for the accountant - oodles of pages 
reportes =&gt; 1 de 3  
@lauragofton Not the best. You can pick where the script started getting raped by the director - it stops making sense. 
hate long speeches  their ppt presentation was so boring
My results section is sad. We had no statistically significant findings. An experimenter's worst nightmare. 
@lone_observer i was working on an issue bro.. some how managed to get it working.. related to repository.. i hate repository.. DBMS 
off to print #dissertation for 10pm. There had better be ink/paper 
@MsHollyOlly3 hahah i have journalism 
is finding it difficult to get my writing swagger back 
@stevethecyclist unfortunately, don't have much experience or knowledge about free video editors. 
is soooo exhausted... when will all the projects and papers end 
@jhnphllps you told me google maps! You're cheating on google maps? 
@keithfries Oh! I meant to stop by  I just got focused on my paper and forgot =/
has finished her dissertation aaaand handed it in. now, she has essays to write, and is sat inside not enjoying the sunshine 
@mikebeckham in reference to??... I tweet too much I think  lose track
Fml! 2 more chemistry problems and then a 2 page research paper. I'm sensing an all nighter. 
I'm finalizing my first thesis draft report 
deadlines looming. i think it's going to be an all-nighter 
Really hate documentation... Especially if you're writing it... 
okay finished the methodology, findings and discussion and conclusion and references... now to write the intro and lit review 
@AlteracVolley what about a search function for headlines? i know there is a topic about trinkets for priest, but cant find it 
@RoxanneLynnT I have to stay up to finish my paper too 
My messengers went nuts  msn logs in and then freezes, gmx logs in and out all the time... just icq works properly -.-
Panicing about the final report write up - its not looking good folks. 
So apparently building a newsletter module turns out to be more trickier than I thought, on several levels. 
@mr_omneo just read your compost article... so sorry it never arrived  they could have called!
some results coming 2de ...i'm scared 
doesn't have any ideas for his story 
Working on second paper.  this one's 10 pages... yay.. 
doing a political story 
I'm watching DEEFIZZY live even though my speakers are broken 
*sniffI*  didn't finish.  more details later.
@abcdoll I want a full report on the convention - can't make it myself. 
hates waiting for approvals to check-in code!! 
Watching cnn .. A story about racing horses being starved 
@Darcevarchy unfortunately not  just finished the journal article I've been reading 3 days!50 pages of torture - but relevant torture 
@beatifique Haha, no I didn't get a certificate. It was just some shoddy mandatory workshop. 
@Shinybiscuit  (I have no advice)
is really nervous 4 her audition  any suggestions?
@madstuart this is the conundrum. i may have to go back to semester 1 mode: print, print, print. poor trees! 
ops 3 comments i dont know why 
@elizabethlmccoy it was really slow and all the funny parts were in the previews 
is writing a very long boring forensic report 
my speakers don't seem to be working anymore 
@xSmotherMe I don't want to write mine either.  it's a 20 page term paper. i have 5 done.
trying to learn french folio. its not working at all 
my card reader has been died 
@g3mini521 all those other cartoons, pale in comparison 
I am being forced into labor... I don't like politics 
@astridcook, I need to write that paper too. But I have obligations. 
filing marketing in the back subjected to listening to korn and listening to conversations about fred durst 
Undecided if I will be joining my first pictorial for a magazine. 
... and  @ the amount of paper &amp; ink I'm going through to do it.
Intense night today. A LOT of discussing, some story writing. No music though  #composer #plot #story #iproject
I should be asleep... or writing my essay. 0/2 
@erinoutrageous the file was deleted 
just saw wolverine - it was very average and somewhat sub-par  .... good action and fan story, but shitty script
@lalabanks504 me too!!! ill have to do some research.. and yes girl paper claims 
can't get my speakers to sound good.. 
A filtered ejournal search for computers &amp; society gets me 'Computers in the schools' and 23 pages of suggestions to page through 
Only got 2/8 pages of my paper done tonight 
@xmellyssax Those article and first comment will tell you more. In short, we lost what we love 
got a paper cut from a piece of cardboard and it stings like hell 
too tired for a very long essay that does not stop.... 
booring.. don't know what to wear on the confirmation 
doesn't want to type up the assessment 
law is actually stupid. communication skills is pointless. writing an essay 
I really, really want to start writing again. But I am not inspired yet. 
Another reader pleading to update.  If only I could get out of this writer's block 
@Lymarra that's called sods law 
preparing a good brief is really complicated 
has so many papers to grade! 
@kaalie okayyyy have you finish your prac report? i havent  i cant open it
so many papers 
@implosive No more highlights?  
@redowns yea i've been hearing the rumors 
@incrociate what does it say? It won't let me access jensons site  now I know how f1 coverage is for you 
@randomkoosh423 too bad i can't text you. it would cost me 15 worth of credits.  oh, and i'm going to bed now. talk to you later!
bleh. finally finished typing a synopsis for my public speaking class. ended up being 55 pages long. now to check if i have enough paper 
@CaitlynC just wait til you have to write a 20 page report on it!!!!!! 
don't want to write my 100+ report...... 
got less than half of chore list done. 
yay for midnight due dates, boo for slow search engines, so tired of research papers  
stupid essay 
Once again, my paper was found to be another 'haphazard' paper!  philosphy blows   
@cathyanddavid 09? You need passports 
@fleurydelis I sorry!   But yeah, I'd &quot;listen&quot; to the other speeches too. Why not, you could be cheering for the speech givers right? ha
the saddest sentence ever: i might be allergic to pineapple 
@freosan Never seen, and don't have a copy 
2 IT exams = &gt;1200 pages worth of reading, $300 for 2 tests =&gt; more money made per hour and a nicer resume  
who would write my paper for me  about 1960's Trends.. pwease !!
is at schooooooool - in english. Practice article analysis ftl 
i dont know how to even begin my statistics hw  doomed.
My first paper sucked, surprisingly 
in bed without clean sheets.... 
i cant print on the letterhead and it is really frustrating me 
not going to sleep 2nite- writing this damn paper 
litigation requires too much reading... i did not sign up for this  
this paper is really sucking 
didn't like that interview at all 
What would be an interesting story to cover. I'm blocked 
Going to go and get ready for the stupid interveiw 
sooo hungry wit no appite 
@cassferatu Aww sounds like a sad story.  I would have sixth-wheeled it up with you. 
@natcch :O ethics is haaarddd!!  like religion
@thunderror  Must try then! Added to wish-list!
Still awake working on my paper. 
finished her science story board  now onto the powerpoint 
@ninjadza I was only updating a petting list to a group i belong to.... 
I can't believe I threw that paper out 
Still up doing my paper 
Catching up on paperwork 
why won't this report just write itself 
#hoppusday is out of the list 
@ithinkiview  i just done m papers  its not good lol
I wish I more actively *wanted* to rework this article 
still needs access to geoplot to finish the geophysics report 
writes too much 
@REGYATES  my i dont know any quotes            lol
has found a new hatred for systems analysis and design :| why are some of the questions things I've never heard of 
@vicariousills i hope so i just have to wait for an interview now to see if i get it  i suck in tinterviews 
@interjections It took me waaaaaaay too long to get that. 
Just finished 1 final... now all I need to do is my speech 
really bummed that WOndertime has ceased publication. 
Oh, just noticed spammers are tracking the trending topics and spamming them #fail 
@atlfan17 @torflattoppin no conversations please lol it really hurts my self esteem...I always think I'm getting texts but I'm not 
&amp;&amp; I hate this conversation I'm having and it's to in depth . I usually like deep convos but this is a bad one 
@mobrowne soundbites? i heard tav and them talking bout it. i didn't even hear about it 
@stark23x it's the only sign language I know 
@sjsballa11 More like the remedial English final essay. 
hates research papers 
ugh essay fail... 
needs to stop orkuting n twittering and write a statement of purpose for her b-schoool interview !! 
So I have all the extra materials I need to write my essay...but I'm way too past fucked to read/listen to it all now. 
@keysgoround That thread does not exist 
@OMGitsJessieLee sorry, I know--too much information 
so.....tired....... finished 1 essay, 1 to go..... 
I have an English essay to write. Why do I leave it so late to do, sigh, this piece definitely won't be of high quality 
@LFCTV Only UKans can views the Goals...  #technologicalracism
well justins story is over  what to do now?
I suck at drawing a map, or even just laying a map out. 
Two blank sheets of paper, four sides. And no idea what to draw. 
i have lost my to-do list 
@lhannaford Ah, never mind. I found their package comparison page and only the most expensive one has what I want  Also, poor horse! D:
ahh! my speech is driving me nuts 
I don't want to write another sodding essay  can't I just do the research? that bits alright!!!
Really dont want to do this english essay 
The story made the frontpage &amp; all it got was one rating and no comment.  I didn't think it was that bad.
@jpadamson I can't see the entry  are they really that bad?
i'm so screwed. i only have 1.5/5 pages done with this stupid research paper. i need prayers 
@karlihenriquez My sources say no 
@zacmcc My sources say no 
Maaan i forgot i had my outline for speech due tmw 
finally finishes her LOTF paragraph, all inspiration is gone 
Awwww #familyforce5 isn't on the top trend topics anymore.  
noooooooo #familyforce5 is not on trending topics anymore  me so saddd
@continuum_q5 Yes it is, especially when it comes to law. You cannot fool around 
trying to finish this paper.... i get soo distracted soo easily tho! 
doing a whole bunch of urgent citation checking/linking for our research bank- driving me berko. not one of my regular jobs either 
@Esquire111 aww...I wanna' be sang to sleep..you suck 
I miss my bed  *still working on my paper*
writing a constituency report 
@mattownsyoface i love you tons tons tons tons tons! you no love mehh. you no talk to me, you no text me, nothinggg 
Whos priorities are so screwed up that while our troops are dying in a stress clinic that isn't working, the media never said a word WTF? 
Just found a random scholarship that I TOTALLY qualify for... But it's due in three days and I need three letters of recommendation 
@mydianaz06 WOW GUEY! I am getting all weepy and teary eyed reading my old threads 
Reading old conversations. 
background!!!...I wish i had photoshop 
@joeystych i am done with my finals, I just have a 10 page paper due before i leave. I already wrote it, but she wants me to redo it 
is doing paperwork... ugh.   
McFly is gone off the trending topics  (N)
@PinKiti sorry about your files 
@downfor reports 'It's just you. http://broadband.o2.co.uk is up' 
@stephenfry except that i like following conversations back back tracking them.. 
why only 10,000 limited release? do they seriously think he is not going to sell much 
has an evaluation to write in the form of a report  But has also rememered how much dancing is to be had at heebies on a weds night
Trying to write an article on a topic you dont understand is trickyy 
i hate serious conversations 
Going back to sleep.. rambling to self is boring.. 
@metacosm I'm not on the list 
@SunSentinel  this is bad. 
 looked everywhere for these poem. only have a few notes that i made during prelims 
@PCToolsTogether k just a newbie to twitter, but it won't let me save the changes in my background, not sure how to fix 
I am surrounded by mountains of paper!! Not my usually tidy desk 
@alexsheppard ...failing to fulfil the brief! I've only written about 3 sentences for each suggestion! So frustrating 
@Barurugo I'm so far from achieving that status.  523 Deviations, 875 Messages
@FBIPressOffice I wanted to work for the FBI when I was young. I did a couple things that negated that dream 
Ugh i'm retarded. I want a second interview... 
I did my speech and it sucked 
wishes he was in the position to write about the leaked expenses- no paper out for three weeks though! 
has started on her essay again 
@HollieChristina mcflyhave fallen out of my trending topics 
@Busymom yes, google reader is down and so is gmail 
I hope the paper is going well, steve was unable to sucessfully download refeer madnesss 
@ngk79  I hate hearing stories like that
82 pages of information to write study notes off for business exam  gross!
@brettmorrison I have downloaded the photo recovery program and so far it hasn't found anything. 
I should have gone out.  I'm not even doing my essay 
Me thinks the workshop for education for knowledge society in malaysia is another pie in the sky 
@FirstGentleman my legs feel tight when i walk period, I cant even bend over and pick up a piece of paper.. 
I have readers block 
@gourmeted I went to make a group, and a few of my favorite tweeties didn't show up on the 'everyone' list 
@AJC974 5* prices are outta this world!  And i def want to be on the next cruise - i aint missing out again ... nooooo way
It seems completely different then my last read through and its the same file 
@tomstubbs not unless 'a few sheets' is code for 'revising trusts law' 
@gemmak500 it wasn't a nice experience, it was my lack of understanding when I got a new mortgage    thank you for tweeting me 
have to write my internship report..there are so many better things i could do 
Writing an essay.  
doing a mock ict paper  how sadening
O h dear! Just finishing off my free ebook and it crashed and lost some data! ..   !!!
@shaunjumpnow I agree, at least your not reading crime story's in english. I cant hide from it. 
right now ...try to understand my last mandarin lesson !!! ... so  
doin chemistry project, have to do 5 pages 
I'm going to cycle to the gym, then, when I get back I've got to sit and fill in some forms for my volunteer placement. I hate forms!!  xx
i have 3 papers tmr-geog paper2(human geog), A-math paper2 n german test..  sigh can't wait for this to be finally over.. haha.. )
Working on quarterly report instead of enjoying a nice walk...  but almost done.
@nyramohamad @Qilly i haven't done my socio data respond! 
i wish i was a trending topic  x
@kedge0417 I went to the party source last night and was told they don't carry Clean Slate 
4 papers. Staying up as late as possible to learn all that I can 
is slowly gathering the lost files.. 
@adorablyapples what hit your local newspapers? You ok?? 
 just watched the farrah facett story. i feel terrible for her :/
worrying about an essay i have to do! 
@AaronH09 when i accept the invitation it doesnt tell me to do anything else   i put email in, and it just like refreshes the page.
Writing more progress reports for the kiddos, but can't sit with the alpacas while I write them.  
essay essay essay essay 
I don't want to do this paper!!! 
working on research paper, which consists of 10-12 pgs  5/10-12
I am getting nowhere on the paper frontt  ughhhh
feeling very uninspired to write this article. 
i should learn bio - but i'm to lazy 
@TrickyMic looks like its paper over burnout for me 
Hanging out with the in-laws. Just say no to he brownies!!!!! 4 is more than enough. 
still havn't finished my paper...i can't write anymore! 
this essay is really hard 
never had so many reviews of my code before 
watching farrah's story 
@officialTila aww i wanted to see your chartoon background but it's not working.. 
@bsneed23 I know I am a slow reader! I always have been. 
3 straight days of writing needed to graduate  boooo!
aww no pubefros?  There goes my entry. @smegatron
Oh bollocks.  I synced my @tweetdeck settings in the wrong order, and now I'm down to 3 columns 
@patroclus Itself. It is founded on non-existent money. It has no attendant reality. Baudrillard died just as sub-prime was kicking in. 
this speech is hard  #AllTimeLowSuckMoreCockThanAWellPaidWhore
@MaraBG I received my invitation which says preapproved but at yahoo it won't let me in and says awaiting moderator approval. 
@barefootmomma I wish I was eligible!  and that I was super busy with reviews ha ha
soooooooo manyy assessments, baaaah im tired 
searching for some inspiration. i need to be proactive and study but with no upcoming deadlines i'm lacking motivation 
watching lost and then i got to v=cover 150 pages 
is playing correspondence catchup! and now i'm hungry .... 
@katrinayellow good advice. he's hot. 
@paigechaos I missed it too, stupid paper 
Looks like compojure doesn't like POSTs with multipart/form-data 
Just can't seem to find the staff 
Omfg I feel like actually crying I'm stressting so much over making my final piece 
@AriGarcia your background is ugly 
I didn't read the articles...I wrote my paper instead  *cram*
struggling to get the motivation to do yet another e-newsletter 
@mlq3 Taped!  Awww. I will just request from the archives then upload 
@scottandy I don't understand your massive branding knowledge 
my interview went really wrong 
@jimbell1974 completely sucks.  I have started blogging my experience if you want a read. http://kelzfirstblog2009.blogspot.com/
@smizz Student finance forms... I dont have to do them anymore! 
10 more papers to go, and already I am sick of studying 
@cittiecait i am so disappointed that you havent added me on ur list 
In today's WSJ (C1), my story about investors who bought high, sold low.   http://tinyurl.com/o75hpq
@FONEJACKER12009 urgh i have like a 4000 word essay i must start and need to revise for this fake court assessment tomorrow  bad times!!
Needs better pillows on her bed, all this reading/note taking is taking its toll on my back 
@emoskank I don't know. I still have a journalism minor so I think I'll do an English major? I can't figure it out 
@lolacola89  i REALLY want to go to hammertime, but ive decided to do 2 massive all nighters in order to get my stupid essays done.  boo.
Spooks was awesome  very satisfied. Now back to my report 
@sofdlovesbsb yea... i love stories from my-confession.net but karah hasnt updated in so long.. she's so busy 
@Retributions boss, no fullstops in politics was a statement made by mahajan too 
i need to write a 7 page document for the 7 lines of code i am going to implement...protocol !! 
absolutely not looking forward to this statistics exam. 
@a_dorkable i heard...what a sad story. 
its' already done - for de-briefing - not interested in publication - too many memories - big bad black ugly ones 
i think im using sagas wrong. 
@BlackBonesFish I did't finish the paper too! D; It was an atrocious physics paper.  The exams are over but it didnt end in a good way.
how cane you make the letters bigger for who it is to small.............................like me 
Tons of reports to send out 
i drowned in my pile of notes and you all know i can't swim 
@StineMariell quality is too bad for printing if i remember correct. description was too bad 
I'm working on civil law, and that pretty much sucks 
i can't change my background 
might you be down to help me get my life in order today? maybe have peps over-order grub-file papers-fix me accounts-u know a real party. 
@producerneil I sent a follow up demo just for advice, was at the sra  conference demo factor, so obviously it didn't get to you. 
is not ready for politics  whyyy
 I'm so going to fail law
missed the prez's speech   .  will try and catch it on c-span later.
finally done...probably the worst paper i've ever written...now works cited 
I'm terrified ahead politics exam, I think of all my subjects that is the one I want to do well in the most. 
@petethevet couldn't see that article  think i have seen 'pack behaviour' amongst our dogs but not to any great extent and the 'leader' ..
@edkaye Sucks when you have to get nasty with coworkers in order to get respect  
I hate it when recipes don't give detailed enough instruction. Now I have to start all over. 
i have to write my bachlor final paper... but i just can't do it.. i fell to sad.. 
@sharnie_boo #andyclemmensen is going down in the trending topics  we need to keep him up there ahah.. and #shaundiviney is second
@eastofnorth  I'll bring along a signed postcard for you... but I have a feeling our paths will cross again!
@kubabogaczewicz pages couldn't handle generating proper index / bibliography... or I couldn't make it to do it properly 
#shaundiviney is completely off the trending topics now.. 
paper cut, i really hate it 
@un4gettable I have had my letter back to you in my purse since march! No stamps. 
morning of writing orders, not used to writing so hand aching now 
sitting in work filling out reports   boss let some of the others leave early and not me how rude! ..damn reports i say!
@MissTrueStar too much information 
@laurenbabydoll i cannot beleive were being split up in forms 
@itsangelcarter angel, what is the address? i tried to find it online but couldn't! 
just had my appendix out fukkin sore 
@ksnyder06 That sucks!!  Wish I had suggestions for you.  
aww no short stack in the trending topics anymore,.. 
@SuckerPunchProd aww, I want a signed copy... 
So I didn't exactly do all of my homework last night and now I have to give an oral summary and analysis on what I was supposed to read 
trying to ug from sugarcrm community to pro, no tools or guides seem to exist.... disappointing. 
soooooooo over this essay. where is the alcohol 
@shellaa that wasn't a haiku 
There is a ton of boring information!!! 
Starting my writing day. I'm terribly behind and not wanting to do edits 
My background disappeared. 
I hate writing up product descriptions 
@Voyagercrazed87 Awwww sowwy. I know..touchy subject. 
@danportnoy I didn't get the memo on that one. 
i hate having 2 do papers they are a freaking draggggggg 
@element3media I don't drink. 
@ihavepurplez rightt. i said like three sentence and got kicked out 
i need to finish my crucible essay 
currently, still working on what seems like a MILLION papers I have to write! 
~erasing my previous comment because it wasn't nice.~ 
Chinese law is sooooo complicated 
Some newspapers should be called 'adpapers'... 
It was stupid to wait til 11 pm to write a 5 page research paper 
The rumors were true 
The Squidge is on a diet  He's kind of a fatty. http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6445592
Wondering why I keep losing my pic and background 
fighting with my outlook rules &amp; alerts, need to raise support ticket as this behavior is screwing my workflow 
so over this university shite...why are their instructions for essays never clear? You pass if you can work out what to do 
having the slowest printer known to mankind is making it very hard for me to finish these outlines... 
@erinjnolan I cannot believe he would leave her off his list.  
crap. 26,700 contacts in my outlook contact list; 5-6 duplicates/partial duplicates per entry. Any ideas ? 
Just found I could visit my blog with a proxy sever, but couldn't publish anything still, even a notice. 
@jaredhaha lol I know huh I ran out of papers 
@doubtme And no, not exciting. Some of them are sad stories. 
@VWayne pretty much! I haven't been motivated to write a new entry lately... 
@gabbbycakes DITTO only i have 28  and apparently there is an essay too. cool.
@edwardmrivera not me: term paper 
@jfnord the customs bureau have always been charging duties on imported books (even before 2009), law or no law..  #bookblockade
@nodira  But congrats on the other two papers! Two papers in one conference is pretty awesome.
A reason where education is wrong: # of page req.s on papers..I normally write very concise, but am leaving sentences wordy to fill pages 
Achieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome 
@IdleThumbs Up is out?  I didn't get the memo   It looks amazing.
I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts. 
I don't remember what i text to twitter to get a list of commands  halp
@MommaSalty ...that's a miserable afterparty report 
on that note - i do not feel missed.  
@breakfastnt wasn't much of a debate 
@primesuspect  If only my writing wasn't so scrub.
all my files got deleted 
@KnightOnline booooo, at least give us what the mantanence is for? we've waited this long, can we have hints clues or full detail pls? 
was doing a hard copy doc review,while writing comments realized 've forgotten writing i.e. on paper,can hardly recognize or read it back 
Too much information 
@jonraff I jus spoke 2 my lawyer, if I blow trial =3to7 
forgot the montel quote  and it was a good one..
has not finished the bio mols mind map  stupid sheet hid sections from me on the back!
....... and I never got to see it on print 
@SaschaIllyvich i guess that means you didn't beta-read either of my stories, huh? 
TPS reports. 
@gdrage LOL that'll teach me to blindly trust amazon search results without reading! 
@anisalovesu it was apparently a request by the guests 
#twpp ..still nw in trending topics.. 
@matthewjsmall My sources say no 
Filling out paperwork. 
@MAMAHINAi was on the list, i paid 5 to get in, but if your under 21,you cant go in and out, but it was gettin so hot, so we went outside 
@alivelshi what a society we live in 
continuo tentando trocar o background do twitter...over capacity! 
Thinking bout maddies comments 
@stephenjerzak awww i didnt pass my speech 
@neilhimself you didn't give out #followfriday advice like i told you?  
This is scary  they hooked me up to 9 wires n it printed sum graph ohhhhhh 
pulling articles 
@allymcfly :O she shouldnt judge the song on who wrote it  tell her shes mean haha
@wilw It is a sad commentary is it not?  
@Aonir awww don't be sad  we'll download a copy for you!
I am trying to upload my background from twitbacks. its not working 
@beherenw lol must contribute to the destruction of language...awww 
@Itxi_Itx no credits for me unfortunately! 
@PassionMD I could see your quote but not vote for it?? 
toy story 3! june 2010. i can't wait that long. 
@kvbuckley I don't know enough about #Sotomayor, but she made a big boo-boo talking about making law.  Doesn't know what 3 branches do?
@Littlebitofmoni I couldn't get used to the columns in tweetdeck.  There was only room for 4 or 5 columns on my macbook. 
trying to upload a custom background on here, but it's not working 
@szsz Wow- you are sharing some of my long list. 
@ineska awwww this made me realize I have to take down my bulletin board too!  There's so many memories up there.
@LylaMeganMarsh what happened to all your sexy quotes? 
@JayresC: n u can't change your profile backgroud neither 
@jimmylala i'd rather find out from experience :-/ ...but where are the stories? 
Writing reports.... 
i can't see results for whyareyoustillhere 
@jmariu i couldn't eat all my nuggets  finish them for me.
@justgrimes - yep saw that paper immediately after completing the test essay saying i didn't know of research on it 
Home alone....all those scary stories are getting to me now   
Still working on files 
@lruettimann i resemble that remark 
why are the letters so small and why haven't my butcher prints comeyet????? 
@avantgame So apparently glowstick cryptozoo is really fun but utterly impossible to document.  Three chases and not one is postable. 
Digging everything but the character limit. I feel censored, or like I'm editing a college paper that has a page maximum. 
@JaniniLangoe i know. least they could do would be give me a letter. 
I can't seem to find a background I like.   I think this is going to take me awhile.
The nuggets have given up 
@ekaa17 i need the copy now. 
@micketymoc i can't DM u.  here's one: http://divaasia.com/article/3736
its not looking good for the nuggets 
My copy of FreeCiv doesn't work. 
sent off a book proposal...let the rejections begin... 
sad about the nuggets losing 
@summerblonde83 i take that back. there are 15 comments there. only 15!!! ppl don't love kranoop? 
@missjanelle I wish I had answers and/or a surefire miracle essay cure for you! But I don't. 
says i want orange  http://plurk.com/p/x46ad
@angelayee it's alright nuggets lost anyway 
i just found out nuggets lost 
Is crushed that the nuggets lost 
@EileenLeft yeah national level has lost their minds and as they attack Sotomayor they really show a lack of judgment 
Why is goodnight a trending topic 
@allantsuda all our spymasters are most likely filling out grade reports 
@sincerelykase i didn't even realize that was your conversation! i just saw what heather said. rooood 
I can't get my contacts out 
i think my figures and toes have frostbite  so damn cold
trying to write. writers block sucksss 
Wishing I were better at the internal politics thing 
@leila_the_law Uhoh, what happened? Lol, I was talking about me not being there 
is trying to meet the deadline for my dissertation~~nerve-racking 
Wish I could have finished the puzzle. 
watching cartoons instead of studying 
Embarrassed by inaccuracies in press reports about me http://bit.ly/4Bovf Apologies to previous employers who may think I'm being cheeky 
@sweetkisses277 Probably not, but one little meaningless persons opinion won't matter to him 
So I was checking out the Examiner to apply to write for them.  They don't have a porn, adult, or sex section.  
@NuggetKarn26 that list is only the tip of the iceberg... 
sorting out paper again 
@brainpicker I was going to surprise you with a gift of good but it requires and address 
I don't know what to wear... I have no summery clothes  any suggestions on how I could wing it?
Trying to do my report for childrens rights.....its not goin well 
@Spamotics Long story 
I was 'randomly' chosen to be the subject to a special security check.  They made me feel like a terrorist 
@WisePoly he is?? i didn't know that  i guess cadillac records was true
realized how sad it's going to be without @pathosphoto....what a great photog the journal will be missing! no more rides &amp; talks 
I hate drawing backgrounds... 
working on my essay on frederick douglass 
paperwork, as usual... 
@suthunfox  http://www.thestar.com/article/640713
@fullfilth unfortunately only ppl who came to google i/o got the invitation  too bad for us  #googlewave
need to do boring risk assessment form 
@travishinton I'm already back  sad story.
outside is still raining  not a nice view
i'm back! how's the #marsiscoming assault going? i see we dropped off the trending topics again. 
jazz is not feeling well!   http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6412624
 nuggets out....
Writing an essay 
@MissODFLY wat happened wit quana?! 
I still need a cover to my magazine 
@joemqi I know! I can't upload the background now. 
@Michlerish When will you find out the results? 
http://twitpic.com/69iyy - I need another memo board... it's hella full already! 
i want a different background now 
I super miss my planner 
my background is gone 
@AudreyyLynn samee! i was trying to change my background and it said it was successful, but it wasn't 
can't believe i still have to write an essay.. 
britains got talent final!!! sadly had to turn over from toy story  l
@eatssparkles haha i just put channel 1 on and saw toy story and was like aww  i wna see it :/  there making toy story 3 
@drkent So sad. I couldn't even make it through half the article. 
i wish a cute background 
InfoVis paper rejected 
I seem to spend my life finding obscure journal references for Finals essays, in order to look more interested than I really am 
says it's hard to look for a theme.  http://plurk.com/p/x9o3k
Ive just been very excited and then @lindarrrr told me I missed toy story 
I only have 5 entries! 
right..i need to start this essay i have 
@mubix I was trying the twitscoop list, but no responders.... 
@mandotron I'm so jeluz. I still have 6 pages to do.  not including bonus!
writing short story for english 
Oh my.. I can't believe this is a true story! It's awful 
revising public law 
writing my extended essay 
Philosophizationing essay due 2mrw 
I really do need motivation to get my papers done  Thanks @djns for the ideas ;)
Sadly, they have only 3K views so far. I suppose it's not enough to win 
attempting to do hw i have to change my #research topic  for my paper any suggestions?
My databases are stuffed; I am SO sorry if I lose some of your comments. 
@RLAtk fix what for me? I haven't started my speech yet, im trying to do a 12 page business report for business studies atm 
@jonahscohen But that means I can't critique icons   And I give good critiques :p
@musical_musings 
@pgreenbe in a drive 2 increase efficiency the human, individual touch might get replaced w/ template responses even on twitter  #scrm
I just blew another speaker 
@FrankRamblings All I did was fail at recording a podcast and read very little.  But the biggest event of the century was born.
@PerryPiekarski I will greatly miss our conversations. 
Really bothered by debate out of nowhere.  again
finally finished the english project... but my printer got a paper jam  just great if only i knew how to fix it... 
@Greenspeak If only 
boo  just watched the highlights from todays pens game  there were no highlights i wanted to see 
says it is almost 2 am and I am still awake trying to catch up on all this paperwork!   http://plurk.com/p/xbrmr
On the sketch bus to hell 
i wish twitter had more themes. darn 
#ontd isn't even on the trending topics list anymore. 
Making a puzzle w/ @ohithere We're old.... 
52 pages of neoplasia to go. 
finally finished commerce powerpoint!!!! but now it's on to the speech 
@acmhatre this audio piece gives me a completely different perception of punjab which unfortunately is the wrong one.. 
@amyyhawkins Lol. I hate this essay 
@aeroform Sounds good... The article is blocked.  I'll have to check it out later.
A story. I don't want to hear. he insist. to tell the details of the details for all details. I'm dead 
Just saw an ad for greys anatomy..never watched it but naww poor izzie 
no comments to my new background 
@AndrewBoland ive noticed that hey.. there always so quick.. it sucks!! @rove1974 the interviews feel so short now.. 
@divasoria NICE!!! but i bet i won't find that here  any suggestions for colors i can find here?
@sovietkiki when they realise that we will have no more lol material 
writing a report..  
had to give up my seat for #momoams  Was really looking forward to this special edition, but other responsibilities simply won't allow it.
urghh stuck inside doing my science ideas papers  boringg!!
Just did a past paper only to find out you can't get the mark scheme for it any more 
gawsh, i hate my speakers! 
@yosoypitufina I can't wait to be back, babe. Not many good stories, though 
has finished the last page of the textbook. am i ready? not really because when ab tried on me and asked 1 question i answered it wrongly 
is revising philosophy and ethics  boo!!  talk 2 me ?
@kleinmeli I'm so sorry for that. I am really. We only try to make sure that #chesterday is a trendy topic. 
@RoyalBoi     sorry. if it makes you feel any better, i just got a paper cut. lol
I also live for post-race interviews.  No interviews makes me sad 
I can't finish my paper... I don't know what I'm trying to say anymore... 
working on my essay. ugh. 
@Jooov aye..that be the list, but not the transcriptions..   thanks
@nilsipilsifan get one wit that. XD 
sooo many papers/projects/presentations 
English research paper...so much harder than i thought... 3 pages down...3 to 5 more to go 
@cameo1172 i sent a request  who knows how long it will take for him to accept
calculator paper is so much harder than non-calculator 
lost packing list!!!! 
Writing documentation, I'm no good at this 
waiting for my cinderella story 
My essay is calling out to me; it is mad because it is not finished . . . 5 more paragraphs to go 
Working on report cards  
@richmaclone agreed... on both comments. this is suppose to be a sideways thumbs-up: _mm....... i don't think it works though. 
#andyhurleyday used to be on trending topics but it died. 
@lilyroseallen Think you have to go and have skin tests and perhaps keep a food/contact diary 
@reinaxochitl  it is like a piece of us is missing.
I'm not cheating  i wait until we give the paper away before i test the twitterati  i no cheat!
Why hasnt my background showed up! 
@Jchawes what happened to his law?? 
@markthehat I'm afraid i don't yet have speakers  But i am alive now, dusk has fallen. What's new with you?
My attention to minute details freaks ME out sometimes. 
SHIT i cant find my notes for my presentation 
#Attendoo is making progress... however no code yet 
Too many forms 
doing my essay on global warming...and...have run out of ideas. 
 nuggets out
@mlepisto  It's very cool, we're finding treasures on each island (but now holed up in hotel finishing print article!)    #HawaiiHTA
is too depressed to think of a good story to write 
Preparing for a visa application, a g a I n 
so stressed out. research report. sick. can't think of anything. no italy if this isn't perfect. 
@xheiligsein It's not you, yes some British papers are pretty low 
@JayHMT it's technically not a script but a #drupal module that's been hacked 
Lessons learned: I can run down a mountain, but not up one. Important distinction 
@erinkaela the linoleum was destroyed and the last copy of the print i had i attempted to give him at the first concert i went to. 
is missing a piece 
I'm sooo tired.  I have a page left to write on my essay and two study guides to finish though 
The discovery channet is sad programming. 
...no photog...no story...make sabrina somethin'-somethin'... 
writing an essay, tired ! 
@ryanjunee That article is just awful!!! Who wrote that piece of crap? 
@jessicaSTACK I want a comment from bradie 
back to assessments 
@mistajayyy can i still eat nuggets though? i wish you had shared with me!! 
Alyssalaganosky: writing in my diary. I break promises i make to myself 
why isn't my background changing 
damn it I gave myself a paper cut 
still no forms from customs 
translating some boring articles 
a vanity search for davidyhlee at oneriot.com brings up no results 
@fionaflaherty any tips gratefully recieved! It's getting tricky 
@butadream btw. just read parts of the j thread ...  it's really getting worse with the forum  they have arguements in the c thread
Writing an essay 
i cant update my background!  .....
is not a fan of forms 
i should be doing my tax law research paper...but im battling to concentrate 
@butadream ... the cover from the disco section of the website but the resolution isn't very good I think.  so if I can get a better one
@jankubr Without nokogiri you can't install it  Its gem + in source code contains nokogiri's dependency.
#asterisk meetme does not like me... it just does not do what I want, and no documentation on how to implement it either 
@idokan: #asterisk meetme does not like me... it just does not do what I want, and no documentation on how to implement it either 
@iateyourgranny My sources say no 
@vitou nope, yeah geo was fine, but I answer some questions with bullet points instead full paragraph. my friends said that's wrong 
Writing a resource list for rape and sexual violence services. Depressing to find out how few there are.  
@emilyspademan telllll me about it  I think I've got most of ethics sorted but philosophy is haaaaaaaard!
10 days; 2 german papers, 3 french papers, 2 english papers, 2 history papers, a chemistry paper &amp; a physics papers  roll on the 11th!
@jamieyork ah, now I've read the article it doesn't seem funny  I assumed they lost is as in forgot where they left it
@danawozere wow, I don't think that I heard a peep   Jarv never even notices stuff like that.  He is a little preoccupied...with himself
having issues with this broadcast research project  oomph
@AmberYake Comments are closed on your most recent post. 
now I just have to write my exegesis 
@dealbreakers Why do you have photographers? 
Oh noes, i completely fucked the last q in my bio paper 
can't finish my paper 
@finalscoreB3G2 that is a terrible and sad story....  
I can't believe how behind I am on paperwork 
@YoungQ  can't get in...did I miss the access code?
@minimum12 Must be my writing then  22 years spent writing Chinese, and I am defeated by a machine...
Is getting harsh advice but thinks they might be right 
@gfalcone601 Gioooooooooo I want that you read my letter 
@mihirmodi enjoy it while you can... if reports are to be believed china damming source of brahmaputra...... 
Going to epcc to get a letter for my diploma.  I hope they give me it 
Trying to write a two page paper before 1. I only have 2 paragraphs, this could be bad 
working on freelance 
@briancsmith I'm told commenting not likely anytime soon 
zend framework really fucks u... 
@TheMightyFoz I sent a comment telling them to take it down 
Processing statistics. So far: results insignificant. 
@rhitgirl What files are you organizing? And I am sorry you are bored, I wish I could help 
@besz haven't integrated it yet to my theme  I'll let you know!
I always hate interviews 
@ssoun126 ahhh not good, two ppl are flirting in the library  some1 told them to shut up already but they don't care! &gt;:O
@imperialcollege seriously bad timing on this podcast 
 whys everything complicatedddddddddddd.
filing unemployment again... 
@kyliejo21 haha i know right stupid contacts lol... i guess im the only one who cant see it 
i used to think it was common knowledge that sean connery is scottish and to know who ben affleck is. i was wrong in that assumption. 
we at @siradio should be doing E3 coverage but we fail 
@PRCog It's up to some local editorial judges, so unfortunately you will not be able to vote  But I'm sure she is flattered!
still working on the paper... 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, so many information, I'm a rubbish historian 
writing an essay 
@letter2twilight That's so depressing 
Arghh...writer's block while drafting a cover letter! 
@id10t2u Lol where do you think i get all of my tips.  what if they are all wrong omgggg :'(
meeeeeh, too little information from crytek 
listening to chroma before biooo. trying to get some reading done before english later too. is the quarter over yet? 
I NEED A JOOOOB!!! any suggestions???? 
@jproney Seriously? That is a sad commentary in itself. 
I got a foil cut  it hurts more than a paper cut!
is annoyed with psychobio! I'm not getting any psycho! It's all complicated, confusing, annoying bio 
About to write my papers:/ I need to get out for good! I'm trying so hard to be positive but its hard...... 
@guerillaent I'm not sure of the specifics yet 
is going cross eyed from the small print 
@jackneally 5.5 tonight...  just aint 2x material right now 
@salbrecht You were reading my mind! I am waiting for some subject removal documents, it is not looking good  I'll dm if I get them soon.
I got new contacts and now I can't see. 
Trying to decipher G1 logs while reading the G1 whitepaper. It's not going well. 
GAHHHHHHHH I wish I didn't suck at reading maps. 
just woke up and feeling groggy. I should be studying  But I got a story.
@naomilaine The real story is that I exceeded the 140 character limit and had to go back and revise. The existing period was...lost. 
i have a strange feeling that this webinar presenter is very long winded 
@continuity_plus Lol...or responded to the request at the very least? 
@mburks5938 Thats so funny! U were so excited about your puzzle! I'm sorry you got bored so easily! 
i can at least comment on that, can't i? 
Just wants to sleep... but instead I'm writing a paper 
English final essay 
got dun writing my sister a letter now im bored 
@egid How've you been? idk if you saw the story or not but flying's just about over with for me 
Working on compliance documentation 
my background has disappeared again. 
So bored... who would have thought that paperwork could be so dull 
@dbsound click &amp; drag = copy &amp; paste 
is working on my stupid paper 
I'm sad that I'm not seeing #clothdiapers as a trending topic  #clothdiapers
section one. 
english essay 
@ananamilk i have so many blanks in my socpsych + radio notes cos i didn't pay attention 
@terrick ughhh... i want dennys  did u find a green sheet?
ugh just typed up 5 papers....not fun 
journos are always breaking my spreadsheet 
i want to freaking know my section now. 
have to do this stupid report on animal abuse 
contacts are foggy 
My letter made it in @AltPress magazine but my issue never came this month  I never even got to see it!
@bclovesdc i know. i want to be section 3.  AND chesca is section 3 daw. ;)
Sitting on the backburner... I am 627 pages of loneliness 
This puzzle is hard 
ohmygoodnasss. so bored haha. and so tired but I have to write an essay 
@CheMiRacconti I @replied to you before I even updated with the lyrics! They got out of order 
@mackiesgirl8286 My sources say no 
sitting at home and trying to put the golden stake through pages and pages of research on my argument against post structuralism. 
well, i finished 3 out of 5 essays so far. (: all i have left is 2 essays, study for finals, print tshirt, oral presentations. bleh. 
back from immigration department! i hate my mugshot 
my final projects/research paper have shown up on my face... in stress pimple form. ewwwww. 
@nicolahh my birth experience was bad... forced induction which led to unecessary c-section. i felt like i had no say  #clothdiapers
@themomjen  drama ended our group and you ahve to be born into the waiting list for bunco groups around here 
why don't I have a headshot or my background??? 
@talentdevelop the article won't show up! 
@Baileylou I don't know! I don't have any more facts, you shot me down with your wisdom and knowledge. 
preparing to give my speech! 
is going to attempt her essay and both french projects 
@Elikapeka I think you can't remove it if the search comes up with no results at all......not sure 
awwyeshhh toy story 3  but till june 18-2010  
I just figured out what a eurobond is and ill probably never need that knowledge again 
ugh! writing this paper. 
@lisarinna it doesn't seem to allow signed copy 
i miss my appendix 
processing claims.....and doing monthly reports..and am sleepy....... 
@margueritedotm wait, you're not coming back? why? r u serious? so random. Details girl!! I don't beleive it. sad if you're not 
@cchetanonline so aren't you downloading the latest release ? 
Again... cleaning up freelance code 
is attempting to choose quotes from shakespears othello 
is really dying. 2 paper down, 3 more to go. 
I'm just TRYING to write..writers block 
reading through my past archives. i so sad 
can't find her geography notes... oh dear 
why am i getting No results for #InappropriateMovies? 
notes that bliss for @pinkgoddess apparently ends when I get home 
@serafinowicz you were too trusting   next time, make submissions via 'video responses' from their own profiles or something.
@dearhummingbird I did! The card reader wasn't working at deansgate so had to leg it to piccadilly. But it was so hot! And I missed it 
@LariiTran AHH. why is your two pages of theory my four pages? 
resent press release...waiting for the fallout 
learn accounting principles 
@shaundiviney can't hit you with suggestions  i gottas go... goodnight!
@vijayshan i tried raaga.com+skyfire+n95. it throws up an error page and after sometime the skyfire crashes... 
Really sad story: http://is.gd/MgI8   
wow!  and let the inquiries poor in!  too bad i'm booked for most of them.  
paperwork paperwork paperwork...everytime you think it is over some new chore comes up 
Public affairs makes me sad. 
@wilm eek - that's because i haven't sent the forms for access off, my bad   i'll do it now
@binarykitten @davidwindell we have php|arch codes from #phpuk2009 but they have expired. Contacted 'em about it but they're ignoring us 
ugh, got a b on my bio final  at least it good grade lol, but i was hoping for an A...
From time to time there are articles about in demand jobs right. Unfortuantely for me, never has one involved politics or communication 
@verwon Comments closed 
@rhitgirl I bet you are! And I am below 2.0 as well  No, property files are not exciting at all. But me almost being done unpacking is!
Writing a 20 page proposal document for another scary meeting. Too many variables to consider to get it into a final version for now. 
@Lalikat totally agree with you. was thinking exactly the same when i saw the trending topics 
@OlgaOvaltina It's music technology recordings - it could be interesting but these are poor!! 
@CAProjects would love to comment but my issue never arrived in my letterbox! 
@KRichardson28 me toooo!! i had to go back like 3 pages to try and figure out what the laughing was about! i can't watch the live shoot 
I just chewed a paper clip and it hit off my filling. It hurts 
@buffalokill Just read the print edition, no tweets made the cut. 
attempting to start doing report cards.... meh 
@saronti I'm trying to use the magic wand tool, but when I paste, it still hasn't cut out the background.  
I wish I could change my background. It still wont let me 
@leany17 My sources say no 
Trying to watch #GoogleWave presentation (http://wave.google.com/), but my connection is too slow for it... 
sizing chart was wrong - this is too big 
@MOONIEOFLEP says the file is not found 
@faceofbass Not sure if he's on tour...considering he has a new album I would hope! But no mention in the interview  
It makes me jealous that the whole twitterverse is seeing up while I'm stuck at the hospital waiting to go home and write a 10 page paper 
@BadONeSasha where is ur interview at? i wish i had one of those 
my svn comments get sadder and sadder when updating my thesis 
Newsweek had the idea that they needed to change their magazine, meaning the way it is laid out...the article features, not my cup of tea 
@twitrbackground why is my background coming out? 
@gnomeangel  I would send you my copy when I finish if it would work 
I'm still waiting on my letter... 
@AHLONN i havent got my results yet... 
my own story is scaring me  
going to sleep. tired of waiting for the results from the contest 
@rasubi you can make a petition for that? pimpppp i hope you can get some 
really wants to buy more better material, too expensive 
ugh. crying while writing this letter. 
@justinmccall Still such a sad story 
I want to draw. But i need paper. 
@Ciataich the article. 
@RainbowLights Aw, damn procrastination! I should start my report soon too. 
Doing another paper for TREDTWO... 
@jonathan_g me too. well i got an A on the test, A on my first paper, never got 2nd paper back, and who knows what i'll get on this one 
Trying to write an essay on the different types of knowledge, please feel free to help me out. 
@jeanbeanirene RIGHT!! I was pissed! and they changed all my slides! it was supposed to have a totally different background 
paper works...paper works...paper cuts... 
@jcadditive  120 notes!!!  serious??!!   f**k me.....   
already misses debate 
@rhickok The paper cuts 
@srgntrose harhar i wish... just innocently studying bio 
@blambu I'm going to have to go home to get one of my old reports. Not happy at all 
check that out ! that article was too harsh.  haha. )
Only another 23,000 files to download 
Finished essay, finished response paper, didn't finish movie  Not seeing the end will kill me, but I need at least 4 hours of sleep haha
@witty_knitter I noticed. Quadrahosting status page says all is fine, but clearly not. 
doing documentation 
@jondickinson I see, I get this: There was an unexpected error while retrieving your benefit data and we cannot process your request. 
just finished paper 1 of english n now i got like a 2hour break n its paper 2 
...doesn't help that The End is playing in the background! 
Just finished french speaking assesment 
@XMissxXxMurderX i don't receive the magazine 
busy working on english essay 
about to cry. i cant do this essay 
struggling with my conclusion 
@NewFromIRNBRU your new ad is cringeworthy. And I normally love them too. 
Last advisory 
Doing paperwork. 
@sammitwinkie I'm meant to be working on paperwork 
bugger ordered the marketing book from @sitepointdotcom &amp; while it processed the selection became hardcopy not pdf&amp;hardcopy. I want a pdf 
bah.. back to form, joy. i now have business studies coursework to add to my list 
aww my printer ran out of ink! only 6 chapters to go ... 
I think I mailed an important letter without a stamp.  
@ShropshirePixie are allowed to unless you tell them very specifically not to).  Also the amount of detail required to report is huge 
@mattgall that article was terrifying. 
facebooks being an arse haha !! 
@stringeilcuore It's that which really pisses me off- all the speculation suddenly exploding when they are not there to give their story  
That article depresses me.  You cry yourself to sleep....
synchronizing contacts, calendars and so on. What a boring task that it never works as expected 
run out of glue, design journal how shall i complete you 
I hate powerpoint presentations @dejuwa  lame!
trying to think of ideas for a short story. aaaaaaaaagh  !
@bimbler it's better then typing up a disciplinary invite letter 
@twelve20 I never did any successes in it... No spatial reasoning when it comes to smsth. on paper or screen 
@YungGooD its cool D Slate made a joke about it! He gon say its cuz of my big ole watermelons lol! And yea I thought I was a goner!!!! 
1 essay down, 1 more to go! If only I didn't have to go to work 
@katebornstein meanwhile docs charge if *you* cancel your appt on short notice 
stephen is making mean fliers about me 
i have 75 pages of maternal health to read 
@Ldyandrea wow. I'm upset. I loved eddings w/I was a kid. Wish there were decent authors now to replace the gems we are/will be losing 
When you open your article or column with a quote, it totally messes with my drop cap. 
I'm trying to attend a webinar on social media strategies but I can't figure out how to get in.  I'm too stupid to be successful.  
wishing I didn't get notes on my trailer!  
weekend! unfortunately that brings a presentation and paper to finish 
@zenmeditation The article wouldn't display 
how odd. felt strangely emotional casting my vote. maybe it was seeing  #BNPbastards atop the ballot paper. 
youtube giving me issues with the staal interview 
@princegohard u ddnt comment aabt my twicture 
@mayerman my italics are sad 
@markhoppus you should be sure to be meeting &amp; greeting staff too! I get to work you show here, so I don't get to attend like planned 
@MsHollywoodDiva I'm not fuckin wit you !!!!! 
@Junii0r didnt really notice she was in it to be honest  ...
@kelvintraves all my journals remind me of how much smarter i used to be. 
@JBARSODMG beezy not a trendin topic nomore 
@misha_khan I don't think I've seen the magazine around 
@alandavies1 It's pretty disheartening how blue the map is looking 
Working on my newest story, I hope, I really do not feel well. 
Now I need to figure out what I want to do.  suggestions? Any takers?
@DJIronik I want the background!! But I can't DM you!  'Cos you're not following me 
@AcePower did the interview not go well then ? 
@kylee_2009 I think I am bad at describing it 
@TheChowder Me too! YAY!  I still have an essay to do though - how stupid 
I wanted to vote pirates yesterday - but I got the dutch candidate list and they don't have pirates 
@hgtweetv Aaaaargh! I have been so bad about remembering to enter. I think I only have like 5 entries for this one 
is not twitter material. 
@ravens_stranger I hate to say I told you so but.... I told you.... I always have credible sources but you just didn't believe me... 
@danfaust I should probably get the reference, but I don't. 
we need open access: searched 1/2h in dbis&amp;ebscohost for a MIT paper, found a rip as first google result 
Giving up on goig back and taking notes until later, I think ar this point, I need to get through all the material first, then take notes 
@buckhollywood I hope my comment about the mean comments didn't make you mad! 
@Arkeedah I beg to differ. I have rode wit u before 
weekend consists of a paper and a presentation to finish 
@Vermatheninja if that made any sense, i had to cut it short tweets can only be 140letters  ao basically call me if i dont call you ahhhhh
@birdonfire my interview 
@AneezD still with authorship  hows about u ?
@daNanner i'm not on the list 
can't wait for toy story 3 
i miss mijami when i watch burn notice 
i just got the worst paper cut ever! 
writing keynote abstracts., an activity I love almost as much as naming products 
@souljaboytellem  why does it have to be a snippet ?
tired and ugly  why some bloggers can't be original?  that's really horrible..black list is coming soon.
failing to integrate this application... 
Starting my first essay. I dont know what to write about! 
@arnodrost it is a pretty big list...  but still.. there goes my anonymity 
it's raining  no excuses not to be at the library studying then...
&quot;As soon as we receive these documents an admission decision can be made in as little as two weeks. &quot; i should have taken ACT earlier 
@BlondLumberjack  not nice....this comment saddens me..... 
paper cuts suck, but cardboard cuts suck worse 
@khyrinthia ugh i forgot to take you off list to kathy 
@AngelAstra ikr?! i wanted to cry for him the poor vulgur piece of trash  but apparently it was all acted out and planned
@PamDH that story us incredible, and awful! 
This release puts the 'crap' in 'crap' 
so i chickened out on the interview, not feelin too good about it now 
@juliewolfe I'm jealous. I'm stuck in the newsroom 
is seriously contemplating strangling certain staff members.. and not just the servers.. 
@TinaDTB2 maybe I should put a note up about it 
ive lost some contacts, dont know why 
@brendo_91 I hate that I don't see whole conversations anymore.   #sigh
@Socially3 My sources say no 
well it was bette than t3 but that aint saying much. great action sequences but a shite story and no good charators. farely disapointing 
ugh #20boysummer is still not on the trending topics  #20boysummer #20boysummer #20boysummer #20boysummer #20boysummer  #20boysummer
@shelma32 REALLY!?!? How cool!  When was the interview?  I missed it 
@jhusten im jealous of that view 
@johannarose My sources say no 
still not in the trending topics  #jonaskevin
@daphaknee I wish it was an onion article 
NO! #20boysummer is still not on the trending topics  #20boysummer #20boysummer #20boysummer #20boysummer #20boysummer  #20boysummer
@sweetishbubble I've thought about doing it, but I can barely beta the stories I do now.  
i can't believe i've typed so much for my essay and i'm still not finished! 
I can barely hear @slowbrohime's dialogue. 
Cramming for bio  
darn papers! finished the elements but still have to make several papers to round up the kit 
@justlikeanovel hey where'd u go? we were having a good conversation then u dissappeared 
off to write an essay. 
i really dislike chain letters 
http://twitpic.com/6q8w5 - character sketch for nanowrimo. why do I mess everything up by attempting to shade 
trying to finish this global essay. 
@duncn I'd recommend the article on fluffits, but that would be silly and you might get annoyed with me. 
Where's my long comment? 
@unprettiest_one I hate that conversation with yourself  hard one.
finding references online for my theory presentation..it's kinda hard.. also trying to start on moral education assignment 
I'm not sure #tenpinbowlingisdangerous is going to become a trending topic 
i want to know my section! :| 
Going to to do my stupid papers 
@myjessicamanda argh background kmu sial lek, ganti ah 
I am a bad advice giver 
has just spent two hours filling in pre employment forms jeez I have a headache now  all the forms just so i can have another interview?!!
@amalinahs aiiii!  goodluck for your paper 2 nextweek 
@lisawiy they are cooool. why are you so good at writing 
@nickbernstein My ignorance is showing. I have not heard of either of those two worthies. 
p: &gt;&gt;447139  report the other one?
vettel's made it into trending topics, why hasn't #maxout? 
not going to be able to make it because of the late notice  
Finally able to contact han. Its frustrating when communication media don't work as advertised. 
@BradinBuffalo haha I passed out before I got that invitation 
i hate my section  still sick..
writing a report about my internship 
aick...seriously hehe. The law may be harsh, but it is the law 
is busy with a design document! 
I went through all the course material and all the texts, and have an extensive outline drawn out, but still... only halfway done. 
@HAZxTHEWORLD well I lost the piece around it how I dunno  but I just took that pic
I wish I could have an actual conversation in Japanese 
dealing with excess paperwork means no #pcatl for this one 
will vomit or die if she has to write another report.   
@MrAntony oopsssssssss any what do i put in the personal statement LOL 
this journalism report needs to die. 1,600 words done, 900 to go 
file2hd isn't working 
Oh no. I haven't done any wider reading. The synoptic paper is going to be a blagging sesh. 
I hate half sided conversations 
Theres no documentation either 
  6:30...what's wrong wit it?
@EmilyWestbrook I didn't mean to offend you. I'm sorry if I did  I wasn't directing the statement I made at you
 i think he's cheating on me...will post story on @061004     T_T
@HartHanson on the list of options to choose from 
#WT20 How is kumble as a commentator? I am on cricinfo, so no clue 
@robobabe I haven't read it properly yet, just skimmed through to make the notes i had to. i'm such a state...  ha.
just added 40 list items to my todo list 
That being said, I'd like to have a good debate with him about it. I never get to have good long debates any more. 
@sparkakapacman just am  n i had 2 wake up early 4 an interview
@DeloreanGray  get a paper and i can bore you senseless!
@XCOLINX lol you don't talk funny. you should apologise for instulting my manner of speech though.  how can you be bored in a resteraunt?
i only missed one, and that was the author apperance one 
trying to do a story,,,but I can't,,  any ideas?
.....no comment!! 
@omgitsafox I have no suggestions. 
Never buy Milkfish(Chanos chanos); huh v bought it and it tastes soooo bad 
text editors have to go a long way. size exceeds 5-6mb and it hangs 
Note to self: are we not doing any more note to self anymore? 
I guess my appendix doesn't like me anymore 
@TwoSteppinAnt that figures..and I'm not there 
Oh and i accidentally hit it w/ a newspaper trying to make it move.   I feel awful.
@tommcfly sorry, but i think you were the one with the best view 
@iDavey that was a very hurtful statement davey..... 
@Iveetuh i know how you feel! i'm working on history notes and there's so much!!! plus i haven't even started the research paper 
Cheese is off the list 
pretty depressed that i dont have my guy pants or comfy sweatshirt  going to bed. writing a 14 paragraph essay in the morning :b
@dancer4lifex because.... i dont like how my story is turning out....  and it pisses me off when i dont like my writting. so i am sad.
@JEDIDIAHUSA  I can't seem to get the links for the stories of the shirts to work.
to make a long story short...i now feel guilty for liking him 
Finally going to write this paper I have been putting off 
@HenriettaHughes yep that's fine .. it's an article .. but poll is closed 
@cullensofetch My sources say no 
i can't write this stupid essay, i have no ideas  i have to do it
@bitybella oh also, sorry to hear they lost  ive read the letter lol...but i cant share with you if it keeps bouncing ahhh!!
Where can i use my scripts....... 
@rominagentilini talking about shitty happenings... 
trying to write report...but i can't focus 
@JaeSmash I can't sleep unless I have a story told to me  so far I've had one everynite except tonite
@sheilarod I cannot view the entry 
I don't have sheets 
@BillGlover I saw that guardian article ... the dark and yucky side of 'glamour' 
@Daroff I am holding my breadth 
another interview, another failure!  what's new...?
@kushalc o no... data all been backed up though at the very least?   
maths paper2 n irish paper 1 on the way 
100 speakers :O i want to go 
@fizzywater I wasn't on the list 
just printing off my claim forms  so disappointed 
whys it sooooo cold 
is doin an english essay 
@leethompson Don't scare me with stories like that 
is doing her english essay 
reading Infragistic DockManager sourcecode .. urgent need of adding one function before release. their support is so slow.. 
@binarylife Haha! I know! I need some transfer gossip to keep me going! 
damn.. i don't want to do my paper. 
just did a unit 4 chemistry past paper and i now feel less scared about it. still know nothing about unit 5 though! back to revision. 
raining again. writing my story- feeling lonely  x
is thr sme law of conservation of feature-richness? #twitbin adds some over twtrfox, so it lacks some too!  No expanding shortURLs...
review presentation coming up  and no sign of any results...
@miamendez I should have check the spelling before I sent it 
4 more incredibally shit logs to go 
@capnsmak you sir have just lost points with me for that statement  
@Hollywelch it's a looot of information 
i hate writing papers. fml.  *attempts to write two paragraphs by noon* wish me luck..
in need of facial mask.  recommendations twitterers??
Something terrible has happened to my comments area, the lightbox test page keeps showing instead of the comments 
intellectual property rights---- waw!! just a wonderful subject... but feeling lazy to study.. 
@Terminalprp I unexpectedly lost an appendix   They didn't even let me keep it.
I'm soooo tired and I have to write an essay  ugghhh
i think i'll be dozing off with this bio file of notes next to me! migarine, flu and fever, freaking go awaayyyy! 
@franklanzkie good morntingggg frank. How have u been? U don't lub me no more... 
Doing this report on legalities and ethics is dryyyyyyyyy 
almost finished with this paper, one down and three to go 
is working on my essay 
I miss my speakers 
@tellingmelies do you have the file? I can't find the downloadable file 
 doesn't have contacts on &amp; can't see ='(
Looking for the special offer that is supposed to be on http://www.tidestainrelease.com/ according to their sunday paper ad 
@Mandypie708  Amalda..it won't let me add more to my bio! 
has lost a load of story ideas! 
but I have tooooo, or my literature period will be two forever 
@dougiemcfly lets put #markfollowdougie in the trending topics. sure he will like you 
Struggling with this interest rate report paper something fierce 
working on a paper... 
still got lo learn the essay 
@elfinamsterdam no reader's comments  #apprentice
Also, why do I keep missing letters in tweets? I slag someone for bad diction yet can't spell conclusion, very bad state of affairs 
Editng subtitles into an italian interview 
@ChumpKillah85 what happened to my 2 piece? 
Watching bb ; lousey one no crowd, interview or best bits  !!
Typing one of 2 papers due tomorrow...all I do now is type papers!  
@mrpower I got my figures wrong on the turnout earlier, apologies 
Attempting to write my speech! 
@pettyspaghetti yeah I just follow famous people because I'm cool like that. Submitting to society's celebrity dominated attitudes pet 
@Thisoneisonus are all contributors getting a copy??  I only just noticed the order form today 
@emilywalt i've been doing it all dayyyyy i'm so bored of it right now i hate it. i still have to do that eulogy and the article as well 
just got done mowing, have 2 write a paper now 
Measuring electron spin. On paper. 
@perriross It's not wanting to send the files 
@ibeatcancrtwice Your comment isn't there 
Why is it .... that no matter how many attempts you take at taking a passport photo .... they never turn out looking good 
@zomgitshannah some told me a story of seeing a huge one there and now i'm afraid to go back 
with still no results 
@annapickard reading the minute by minute updates is like death by a thousand paper cuts from nazi ballot papers 
http://twitpic.com/6i9dp - my release form 
i think i'm really bad at trivia 
Rumors,rumors,rumors...I don't even what's true and what's not 
@thekoolaidmom It's not showing search results. 
now I know y writers block is soo depressing 
@GinaHernandez you never went on Y! when i asked you to,  so i never told you the story 
i'm a livejournal reject, lol.. i can't get the background image i want... and when i try to see my page, it tells me no... 
@alyssaschwartz Globe does't deliver to my cottage (it's the middle of noplace).  Can buy a G&amp;M in town but not a NYT 
Typing this paper ugh 
Ugh, I don't want to type one single more file reference, and I've got 16 more pages of them to go 
@lovingyouiseasy That sounds like a wonderful conversation... 
Righting a Valedictorian speech 
@plentyspace actually, I think @inkcanada isn't here tonight  but we are in here also looking for writers!
@700stories ha! i did that on purpose... no not really 
@dhopson_pace hahahaha! i miss you all  could you send me a copy when the first issue is published?
writing a stupid lab report. ugh i hate summer bio 
wondering... i get views on my dailybooth but no comments.. i want pointless comments 
hmm should've whored out my yearbook more. still have a few blank pages. 
@GoldenTouch4 this story is so sad 
trying to finish this paper 
@altgate I guess I didn't make the list? 
NO votes are getting through.cannot get page to load! Finally loaded but did not increase total of votes when I tried to vote. aargh!  
so i wrote to @MeLodAtRiChbOi on here and he still aint wrote back...smh 
W shaped recovery?   Articles on e economy have become so boring.  http://twitpic.com/7g50c
@ShannonMcCubbin lucky you though. the paper YOU wrote is worth twice as much as the paper I've only started. 
not the background 
@recnamorcen I have a research paper due  and I am going to work myself up over terminator and transformers  what about you?
@jsusgrl haha me too! wish we got more material to analyze 
I need a bedtime story! 
@hfordsa visa applications are *awful* ... it's only times when I have to apply that I wish I didn't have that little green passport 
After reading some of the reaction..i almost feel bad for liking it so much. 
@SimonTheSnowman you clearly missed the literary reference.  
I really wanted to have a marathon for LVATT but I have like no chapters 
trying something with google gears. Have to dig through the test files to get some documentation about the latest features 
i really need your advice leeee 
i've sat through 6 speeches thus far, and heard enough references to song lyrics to last a lifetime.  and all by grown-ups.  
@cewegokil24 not really  for both statements. fish.
..you have to be in the story to know what really happened - no matter how good the story teller is.. 
interview in t minus 5. Yikes 
whoevers leaving me mean comments leave me alone 
struggling with some legacy code 
complaining to rip-off companies via letter, and doing woeful admin paperwork. 
finally got my letter about the suspension of my licence. I was hoping they'd forgotten about me 
http://twitpic.com/7gdp7 - I has this done but I ran out of those colours of paper. 
@werewolfkeeper we do not have a convert unfortunately.  i see twitter as a writing excercise
@skinnyribs  why must you sell that itokin piece when i'm soooooo broke  ha
I'm starting to get really fed up with flat hunting and endless emails from estate agents. 
@eldridgemyles Got any tips for me? 
finishing 2 articles for submission, then back to my tax declaration 
Just started laying out the next issue of my craftzine, have been chasing contributors for last fortnight, 12 articles still outstanding 
@nikkix0 i know...  are you doing table of contents
Though the first thing on my mind is that I'm disappointed I have review copies left because no reviewers have claimed them. 
it seems that some food impersonating virus has embedded itself in my digestive tract. No further details on this arrangement are needed 
I also really want to go claim a copy of @ENTERSHIKARI 's new album, but can't coz the shops will be shut when I've been to docs 
I really REALLY should stop being so lazy and act upon the ideas I have, whether it be for fun/profit - http://bit.ly/5VQR8 
why is it everyone else can read my horoscope and I cant 
getting a suntan with textbooks of journalism methodology... 2 exams&amp;15 pages of bachelor essay left!!! hate this week 
has too much law to revise  failureeeeeeeeee.
@jhensler wonders what's in the forecast -- missed the report 
Trying to do bio unit 3, but getting distracted incessantly 
is like doing PDHPE assessment... 
@Hollywogg you stole my background, you cant do that!!!! 
i'm not perfect  client just informed me that i missed an appendix page. expect scolding from my boss presently.
@ArchAngelica17 long story 
@Wilkster11 i haaaaaaate variance analysis. 
tryna finish this essay paper 
sickkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk and still up. I'm so hot I can't breath yet I take the blanket off ad it compulsive shivering  heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelp
@peeebeee quite. *sigh*. no doubt so that the locals can burn it or something. very sad story.  
memorizing the script for my coming presentation. 
@MelissaAtBIF working  but will let you know if i can get coverage
No WSJ on the doorstep this AM. 
is finding spelling errors in a medical privacy statement. And I'm going to let them slice me open? 
I just hope I get accepted by my section 
it is a never ending story.... 
Yay! I received my copy of SOTSreMIXed! But no golden ticker. 
trying to brainstorm ideas for my novel. need a good amount of characters &amp; names for them 
paperwork 
@tikeej  she aint on the ballot 
Ghastly paperwok and reports.  can I go home now please?
I've stemmed the flow of blood and disposed of the offending article. It still hurts 
I didnt know you went on an interview. 
@somanybabes i dont know but paul wrote on schedule you 3-9??????????? confused 
 50% of the new footwear labeling norm is definitions that are never referred to in the document. Who wrote this up?
not feeling this 6pg paper......who really cares bout my personal philosophy 
is really salty they sent my letter back 
@Cityboy88 omg yes I do 
 great, got to do a fake presentation on explaining how an operating system can be viewed as an event driven application, i dont get it :S
@BuildsBlog I hate that too!  I always ask for a thin sheet of paper in between, just to be safe.
sees no point in writing my introduction letter to post with a blank resume and a basic headshot. There no chance, they'll like me 
@Smil3z_GQ lol, I know u were. I am not feeling well today 
@hummingbird604 about my stupid comments/useless comments on here 
@CarissaRogers The address you provided is not complete and doesn't take anywhere. 
I really need to start cging, but I have to finish this background. 
@tismrwells  Aw I take it the interview didn't go as hoped? 
is cracking on with learning more of the code igniter framework, so not motivated to do so 
report coming on wed.. :s  uh oh 
@newageamazon THAT is a completely different rant, because I can remember when it used to actually BE a convention about comicbooks 
I'm watching a webinar about the fulbright program... I would love to be accepted and I wish I had languages under my belt  #squarespace
I mean www.humanimalconnection.com, bad speller 
Just applied for the Examiner.com .. lord help us all 
@kandiali It only accepts letters, numbers and underscores. 
@HolleiiZastar I know  its a lonnnggg story lol
studying for data management; zero/three exams done 
@amandapalmer i give up for now, can't get through 2 sentences before crappin out  I'll try back later...
@pawster Don't even want to read that story, it sounds awful. 
@writingdirty That was a good comment I got that impression from reading that too 
writing my essay 
@Azlen I've been meaning to tag new conversations with #ttsn... but I keep forgetting 
@vgianfrancesco I'm sorry, I can't afford it.  I appreciate the invitation, though!!
@kayhanley I keep posting douche canoe trying to get it in the trending topics but amazeballs beat it 
http://twitpic.com/7i841 - The beginning of human bio final notes  I can have 2 sides! Fml.
rumors suck 
relationships are very hard to maintain.. and its even harder to witness a relationship struggling to move on.. i wish i can help 
@jjvalent too short of notice 
@bookladysblog I was supposed to be reading it tonight, but I got behind in reviews 
http://twitpic.com/7i9jo - 11 more articles to skim through before the midterm 
My tester wants certain folders and application names changed just to fit her memory recognition of items. 
@xxKrissy yes  At least I can try and catch up on my writing..
@DreNaylor I've applied for and how many interviews I've had   and I have good experience too! Fml
 I wish he would talk to me and have a real conversation.
Munching on tidbits is bad. 
is preparing for interview #4. . . ughhhhh hopefully this is it! 
@IreneyBeaney I'm def the only idiot that still hand writes letters 
@_strokemyEGO soooo ...it's just one story!?  lol
@alisonruth Ah. I need to plug some of the gaps in my knowledge, but I'm not sure if I can afford to study. 
@DogSymptoms I cannot even read this story, too sad 
@VtgRoseClothing I just lost a listing...right before it posted on etsy 
@TiffanyAnnSmith I cant bring myself to watch love stories they are so unreal  At least you can enjoy them !
Still searching for that senior quote. 
@supahlissa I know. I always get my best LOLs material from them. 
 must try to raise some funds to get better computer present one like me worn out. also need a publisher/literary agent?
@inklesstales too sad to document that now. 
almost done with my daily report... outlooking naman... 
why am i not confident about this testimony?! 
@apexrhino lol according to the expression, I feel horrible ugh 
@TheRealRyanHiga haha, i'll still be up then.  doing my essay.
I got so high I puked a zinger 
@just_reva now I'm really bothered by what you said...  my statement did not have any sexual connotations at all...
Correcting reports and essays... The bane of my existence. 
my microsoft outlook is corrupted...  I am not able to see the contact info of kaust faculty members....boohoo
I dont think they is anymore need subscribing to the #systemimager mailing list, the last 20 Digest have all been spams 
is actually fed up of filling in application forms. 
I really don't like doing the appraisal. The format is not user friendly. 
Hasn't even finished the 1st chapter much less taken notes or started paper 
I want to do light writing but its hard to do by myself  lol
err. i need to get those silly papers. err. badtrip. 
@janettlara I'm finishing right now. :/ I have to do the outline and actual biography. 
I wish my copy of LVATT would hurry up and get here! 
reading about irans election...............its making me miss iran 
@iamZombiemike it wont let me view my comments 
I just got a paper cut 
geography assignment  well.... at least the tape is funny...
@cloudgazer I would have given them an official bollocking by now and demanded to know as they must have broken their own guidelines. 
Not looking forward to 2 1/2 hours of design documentation review workshop 
watchin intervention!! these storys are so sad 
fucking geography essay 
Just started writing about foundations in my essay  how exciting.....
@eliiiiza I'm choosing topics I wouldn't mind writing for print magazines about - travel and gardening. But it can be a long, hard slog 
i suck at writing the letter N 
society is messed up. 
@sineadcochrane can't see the status as it's protected  i have made my request though...
I'm so rubbish at keeping up with my blog. Articles never seem to get into shape quickly enough. 
Updating content. This makes me feel sad. The content itself &amp; the fact I am still doing it on behalf of authors. All round sad content 
ugh i dont like the trending topics lately... 
@cherylcxe It is an analysis report dear. you must find reports and write, not like twitter type type type 
is nervous about her results 
is fed up with copy/paste 
I want more records 
Is going to have to redo the novel illustration she did months ago.  At least it's just one illustration and not all of them though!
/me hates to write documents explaining design/code 
@EmilyOsment @missmileylove @KTHoge @BreeLovesIt @miizerable_aide I really don't want to go to work 
anybody want to write an essay on psychosocial challenges? its killing me 
@TawagPromotions yeah my background is large but i dont know how to make it expand to the screens resolution 
@BundaQeela if this statement related 2 what we've been talking about this afternun, cum'on...don't take it so seriously deaR 
@hiaudreygrace you never responded to my ransom note 
http://bit.ly/17KilJ (via @WSJ) my favorite store is not doing well 
Oh. No, it was just a leaflet. 
I'll miss its lists, songs u should download, music trivia, jokes, think outside the box interviews, &amp; upcoming artist recommendations. 
@RobinWedewer How about me?  And I just rewrote your bio!  And it was glowing....
Written 2 songs so far and just playing around with b-sections and verses in the vocal booth now. I'm so tired 
i might have to make a to-do list of fic. there are so many i want to write/finish 
ouch! paper cut! 
@JackLeblond I can't actually contribute... damn form won't accept my Canadian address 
is in the midst of writing a letter to syl. damn tired 
sooo tiireedd  qonna meet up wit one of the bestiies 
If my calculations are correct , I'm late ...!  
Oh NYT, how I miss you when school isn't in session. You've forced me to go to *$ because the bookstore doesn't carry you. 
@dolbsterthepoet magazine cuttings to take &amp; log for clients...can think of many other things i'd rather be doing! I have no more decaff 
Just got dates for  'summer project', a fucking essay..  I know what to write about, I guarantee I will royally fuck this up some how 
unusually stressed out by my statistics final this evening. i am failing to grasp what seem like reasonably basic concepts. 
A false accusation is difficult to refute. I guess it's better to ignore the comment and move on. 
Just ran out of paper 
@mantia it is also a little 'deathstar' in my opinion. It doesn't look like a friendly icon 
totally messed that whole quote wrong. failure 
finally finished typing!!!! Woohoooo  , still need to add graphs though 
Finished with the 6page essay... still with a terrible headache. 
Why am I always the busiest when our file clerk isnt here 
I wish  I don't want to audits!!! 
@katieb56 I wish you were here   We are learning so many tips TAADAA
@letter2twilight that's so sad... 
*looks at schedule* I soooo need more romance editors...I'm never going to get ahead.    I wonder if it's too early to drink...
@deadbiteback ach, I couldn't even 'toast' into the trending topics 
i hate giving speeches! im so nervous 
Is really tired  trying to read about politics...to expand my knowledge so i may form a valid opinion...
report card was pretty bad  :L aw well
just blogged about the wedding issue it sounds rather bitchy i apoligise  http://lucyluvsgaz.blogspot.com/
i'm trying to find info on zoos for my english essay....so boredd 
just wrote my first badn review for eastscene! short though  FOODZ, but getting ready to go to the skatepark. later! 
 frank iero should be the sexiest vegetarian 2009.
As I draw this Tellos commission, I'm realizing how much I miss this series. 
Colleges that didn't give us your official hash tags, you're making us sad   (hashtag is usually #schoolname or #schoolsbbreviation )
uploading the podcast to youtube. laying on the chairs... jd is yelling at me 
@KISSmetrics - I would LOVE to keep using it, but it needs to be customizable or else the feedback is not all that applicable to me. 
@vintnersbird I'd still like more than 9 no matter how good they are  any tips?
@QueenbeeTF and there I thought you were so fascinated by my online diatribes about bowel movements 
@sjaustin I'm making a presentation with it right now and I keep swooning over it.  They took away the 3D color panes transition though. 
My topics were deleted 
@debraladiva I can't find trace of it, might only be in print edition 
@spookyboo69 I don't have any suggestions. We keep recycling all of our politicians 
SHIIIT. paper cut 
@kylesellers I'm looking for a comprehensive list, not sure if I'll fine one for any administration though 
I can't pay the bills yet..cause I have no skills yet 
 I can't play spymaster anymore. The page just keeps loading without ever actually doing so. So sad. WTF?!
How does one file for bankruptcy? 
@LamarLee I love reading the letter...I wish we could comment on them  
@Newsweek that live twitter didn't work for me, sorry. i thought your acct was hacked. better stick to web content updates. about 2 unsub 
@thenameiskeisha well you didn't ask me if i wanted to move wit you ..  what's up wit that ? 
I can't get this essay to start 
Wishing the fingerprint reader on my T500 was supported 
@BronzeNLeonRdum for shame, there are some good stories out there.  But I guess, I would put my focus into writing...which I haven't done 
@lynseygibson it would've been incorporated into my speech too 
@KimberlyNash @JayArguelles It's just sad in my opinion.. no respect whatsoever...  But hopefully this will ease off and not happen again!
@faymitchell invitation ?? 
is gettin to big to sit at tha table lean over n write invitations 
@jonaskevin i think is unfair that in chile is being release later!! i hate chile!! 
@kayannjanet Unfortunately the key sources have to be protected lest they get arrested or killed. 
@electriccoco I saw on trending topics 
I have 3 classics essays to write, a history evaluation, an english king lear proposal, a drama script to read and a sst's report 
@emilyabbs The interview was postponed. 
@kinematografia i guess it's out of print 
@regennitters You are sick?    I'm sure assessments will make you feel ALL better!  Haha  j/k
Not thrilled with recent developments 
@danniiDISASTER it was some stalker note... i'm so freaked out right now, it was a no return address envelope and everything 
Just installed tweetdeck. I like it but no trends 
@janemcmurry luckily green is my colour ! i swore off iran coverage but i can't help it now. i'm addicted. and bummmmmed. 
@boobookittifukk I've seen some very good stories be abandoned 
I had a story about they shower I just took, but I forget what happened. It was so funny though 
@nickdwhite No  but I revamped my cover letter and think that will help
@lauramora text me its you...lost contacts 
@YaGrlDimplez  long story
@pottymouthmama i've only completed 25% of my to-do list 
@SongzGirl sad story  by choice I'm sure
@tweetdeck yo, where's the trends at? failll. 
@PauLLdoubleE damn. landscape is the best though   if tweetie had a columns option, that would be king
Nggg, I hate my horoscope.   It's right but I don't want to keep to schedule.
I'm tired of researching media persons 
@LauuLauu_x: is it the unfinished copy 
the horoscope started being terribly accurate again  what do i do now?!!! so fucked.
woodwork homework  hav to create a report on how i made a toolbox lol
@krisapple need to add a trends column in tweetdeck 
Is studying. It's same old story.... 
Is studying. It's the same old story... 
just about to do some materials homework 
Writing reports. Just realising what a mammoth task it is 
@seomoz do advanced ranking reports currently not work? wanted to show in my deck 
@tatiny close, but with more middle management trainees and less (read: zero) s'mores 
typing cf rally list. tired. 
wow, just get a great view 3 hours ago!what a greaaat view ever 
@allieloves AWWW!  'Gewwwls' didn't help with the patronisation with calculators comment =/
@risager found any good documentation on mailpress?  I can't get the form() arguments to work  #wordpress
Any tips on how to stay awake while translation cooperation agreements? I black out by paragraph three 
Any tips on how to stay awake while translating cooperation agreements? I black out by paragraph three 
@photo_ed But probably inevitable I fear  I may get changed if any one else comments!
knew she should have trusted her instincts   instead has trashed 300 rows of v important data 
now is only 1 small piece left 
Feeling misunderstood 
listening to nelly furtado.. avoiding criminology. 18,277 words is too much for half a summary, right?! far outtt. 5 chapters to go 
@camillaoc eck paperwork 
@rashmid err what would a mahabharata advice be? tell me i am quite ignorant when it comes to science fiction 
reviewing more documents 
I feel like writing a story, but don't actually have any ideas  could try that again with that one i lost.
@fafner unfortunatly this does not work on the 2g  is there an official apple statement that they do not allow tethering on the 2g?
sad stories   but i didn't cry!
endless emergency operations...and finally I couldn't met the deadline for the final report 
@JustJenzz well i want to! but im scared to see the results 
@MonicaAyesha i want to go home. my contacts hurt 
going to loose plot shortly, fecking writers block 
bio sucked. i really f*cked it up 
@karawr That sucks that your relationship ended on such a bad note  thinking of you!
And the person for the interview is late. As if it wasnt bad enough that it is am interview 
stuck in school, rushing annoying presentation &amp; imc report for tmr. i want to go home and curl up in bed. 
my guineas need c-sections 
scratch that, the newsletter's too big to send 
Finished my first internship project! YaY...but I just looked at final evaluation and my paper has to be 8-10 pgs omg 
@Reality_autism  I pray you guys get some guidance and some answers soon!
is sleepy reading her own industrial training report 
@barraganc which file should I choose to open? They all appear grayed out 
@beautyandbedlam I just checked an it is full!!  I might sign up for the waiting list
just ate... yummy... but a discusion again! - why they don't understand me?! It'S so bad and I feel terrible 
@citychickadee What an awful story 
@mpfox223 I don't need smartass comments, I need my keys 
@AllThingsiPhone I'm on 2.2.1 so can't use the file. 
That was a very difficult interview  
@kyoisorange which newspaper? i aint got it  X
@aleanathem, i just wrote this whole big comment down and for some reaosn it didn't save it  noooooo!
Going to my almost-father-in-law's funeral. 
@MinhKhanh    to whom that sentence? me ?
@ericsbohn my background got all messed up 
I am really enjoying the content but not the presentation 
searching for references. why can't I find it anywhere?? I really want to sleep.. 
still writing my paper. not doing so well. bad grade here I come.   *using twitter to update to feel better about not writing my paper
has tooo much paperwork to do 
Ugh, O is still #3 on the waiting list 
No invitation codes found 
@the_apostate lol that's what I want but  I need to send some information to a newspaper
My favorite theme park is going bankrupt  What's next? http://adage.com/article?article_id=137347
@mforshee i have trouble not being long-winded, too. and unfortunately that goes for all forms of communication 
I am loving 3.0 - but I need my MXTube and my themes back. 
I need to find a writer to work with, I'm tired of trying to write 
@matthewkempster i'm with virgin media 
@FayeRoseMaxwell  i wouldnt make a list, it just makes it more depressing 
@nikimariesmith and @ashleybarnes_ I would visit youuu only stupid bio is calling me. 
paper source denied my e-request to open a store in utah  now just waiting to hear back from trader joes. cant everyone follow me to ut?!?
@Tweetsbian  sad, but hopefully will be turned around-- sooner than later. I'm having writer's block! :'( this paper is too hard to start!
@eilidhlive @brightgreenbbzOh maybe that's what it meant... I am totally confused with all these methods/conclusions/evaluations stuff 
Isnt good at interviews  &lt;3
and she continues with his absurd comments 
This has been painful, but the letter is done now. I don't expect to sleep well 
_mels: one key piece missing- our laughter 
its over the coldplay interview  x
@every_starfall: That one's on my wishlist too!... though I'm 29 
is studying for science (34 pages of notes) 
@kiran_bhatti i was talking to zainab and shes making an essay outline for every conflict :| with quotes. 
making review notes (N) 
Also used &quot;copy and paste&quot; for last post that actually works very nicely... Though my phone case makes marking edges difficult 
In the midst of 30 articles 
@RhyseRichards I'm sad without comments from you everyday 
@liquidcross Not till we wed &amp; file for him to get residency status here. 
reading more reviews just makes me want it more  http://tinyurl.com/ldlzxy
Still working on this stupid paper....taking longer than expected 
@MSAFTW its a long story...its not very pleasant either 
@mint910 I wish I could think of a good resolution for you besides a feed reader 
#corrupt army medic ! free link (NOT @WSJ  )  http://tinyurl.com/lo6lu4
Even if you know thr notes to sing you will still be flat. 
I don't think of me in terms of you; I don't think of you in terms of us; I don't think of us in terms of love   http://tinyurl.com/n84w52
Also, update made me lose all my contacts... 
stupid #maxissucks... still no coverage at my workplace.. goddamit! 
@girlieleep it's depressing and awkward reading 
@ejacqui but it has those neat fake rubber stamps to make executives feel important when reading drafts 
@ejacqui but it has those neat fake rubber stamps to make executives feel important when reading drafts 
@txnewsgirl That story was appalling!!! 
@inflightradioo I can't have an opinion? 
I'm sick of not training. It's like a piece of me is missing. 
@IranRiggedElect #IranElection I expect we won't hear stories of those who will get real punishments 
Working on my outline for my persuasive speech... not going as well as I hoped 
@vmagazine i want to be a model  in V magazine * now im sad*
@intheafterlife how's your paper cut? 
@critiques4geeks I owe you a hat 
@jephjacques I'm sure you've had a hundreds tweets about this already but last speech bubble of panel 2 is broken. 
@eston I tried that, it still didn't work  any more suggestions?
editing my pull list is harder then i thought. i like too many comics 
Discussion postings  
writing, writing, writing! I don't feel good. 
@saaem Once again I wish I had speakers. 
this is taking so long to make #barakatday a trending topic  #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday
I need to drink to forget my sentences  
Why does the 2 hour paper have to be first if I finish early I can't leave because I have a secon paper 
@SamanthaJeanx did you read the first comment on it, though? it makes me frown 
Finished english text + monologue ~ now i jst have to study my monologue and attempt to memorise it ...omg i miss the feeling of freedom 
@Kuriboi2k6 lol I have like this giant sheet on me and I'm still shivering 
Watching boring sex talks in compulsory journal club 
@thinkopen de data asta neagra 
@danniSTACK naww  im about to eat chicken tenders, which is close to nuggets. maybe they will work for me lol.
Doing an English essay 
just called the austrian consulate. I really have to go to berlin to get a new passport with saved fingerprints  damn
eghh. i forgot about the gross crimebeat reports. too much rape goes on around here 
@shandreen awww... i think a meetup is in order to sort this one out 
@wlturland i resemble that remark!   
still waiting for quotes for this surgery i need but $3000 seems far too much 
@PixiePolaroid I had to hand my documents for my scholarship to the schlarship department but the staff did not accept it 
@lauralanigan My sources say no 
is still waiting on the release of Skoshi for 1.2 
@selenagomez I'm so sad  I really want that magazine cause you on there. just like you said, it was like a scrapbook of you and demi
I have to create stupid reports, over and over... 
@musiccityace Not yet  Family has taken issue, and when I'm done w/them, I'm too drained to think..ha, but its on my to do list.
it had been already there..  google.com/contacts
have to write an essay  ...what would dougie do? 
@Kelliekk I think they've sold out already!!   but if you contact @rogueevents I think they do a waitng list.....
FastReport.Net still doesn't support dot matrix reports 
is sooooo nervous for her interview.... 
@selenagomez aww I don't want u to leave WOWP     (well I mean, if u decide to..cuz I read an article that u might leave ):
why my f-list it's so long? 
@madbrewlabs I still need to pick up a copy of that. I know I'm lame 
aiming for exemption in at least one subject.  http://plurk.com/p/11x79f
@CulturalSnow fully agree . . . and green is such an unflattering colour, as well 
@LaurenX your not on my listy  x
demands to know why we haven't got our results yet 
it is not election it is selection!!!!!!   
@MsSuKiBaBy I have tons of paperwork so I have to go to work 
Finally going to write this paper I have been putting off 
@AdrianHiggs No, me neither, although I like the TweetShrink feature  I also find the text overlap annoying in narrow columns view 
 I love him so much but our views are so different.
start reading 'Design Rules - The power of modularity' and suspend my head after the preface 
@artfazil great!!! How can I get my signed copy fast??  I really can't wait.
@kelvinwins All I did was hack my themes 
@purplebeats i dislike black backgrounds  makes so much difficult to read
I'm still yet to get any suggestions regarding #twitpic and not being able to get it to work... 
... copy report shlopy report ... 
I should have followed the instructions to the letter.  minor setback.
AWww one agent on my radar is closed to submissions 
sad that publisher clearinghouse has not stopped by with a big card board check.  
I think my appendix just blew ouch 
@mrtopp That is not a haiku. 
@kiffar I watched that just for the metal reference 
@MadMoses but you can assume that's soon to follow, especially when they passed this retarded law 
Most annoying class ever. 110-item multiple choice exam with vague directions &amp; bad questions. Now hearing 15 different bad uses of ppt 
debating if I want to build my theme or buy one  what to do what to do????
need to write recommendation letter for my past intern.  not easy if you want it personal.
@stefaniewood its an odd letter, and its probably fake (im afraid of that..) 
@TheFakeJaMaaL I've BEEN here...you just are too busy to notice 
@rachelcapil  deleted b.c f copyright laws....
I hope my mobile bill is a joke... 
I give up studying bio. I'm going to fail no matter how hard I study 
I needa stop comparing myself to u 
@chrisDevaney  You changed your background  Harssshhh
@BonedaddyKing that article is helpful and I was already practicing most of that - except I drink alcohol 
@thisisjaymie Maybe thats why my comments are so low? 
@britanni10 ceejay and frank out the group now 
Waitimg for the results show on sytycd ! And cleaning 
@P0150N0U5F15H i've even restored and everythin  any other suggestions?
amazed at your comment... 
doing the dreaded paperwork   
@CyrusJB soz i don't know haha... i did it ages ago on a website that i forgot the address to  sorry x
Working on newsletter. 
not liking being conned out of my two micky d's chicken selects. when I ask for a five piece, I mean a five piece! 
@kellyadomsky  I can't type anything with a limited number of characters. And I could never keep up with writing a blog. Out of space.  
Apologies for the masses of 'we read' updates.  
Nervous about wedding speeches 
I need some sort of proper filing/organisation method for my magazines so i can pull up tutorials that I know i've read easily 
@YouTellConcerts not us  hit up the label. but i think their list is full :/
@superekin I wish I was clever and witty too. 
@WillowRaine I want to do that but I don't have another copy of my pic. 
I'm frustated at the chapter I'm working on. The technology is not as cool as I thought. Now I have to start over. 
@section59mike me too 
@Alexzz510 i am watchin it but sucks if your not  its one of the best interviews theve done in awhile
am soooo wishing that i had a scanner &amp; ocr again. my shrink had a copy of a story i wrote over a year ago. it's two pages single spaced. 
@patberry but you omitted my comment about it's obscene memory usage. 
@dudeman718  ooo it's no use no one reads my reviews and comments
i dont get how to do the histo notes! 
ive lost so many readers...its shocking 
@edwardtru I cried as I read that article just now 
@itsKEOduh for the magazine, yes but for myself no 
paper cuts hurt the most  fuck
argh, don't tell me I'm going to have to change my style just to see entries. Other people can see my entries, but I can't! Style error. 
was going to bed.. then noticed my to-do list is still halfway not done.. I'm sick of all-nighters.. 
@puhterodactyls  i wish your predictions weren't so spot on.
doing my intro to business paper!! 
i know its for publicity. i know it, i know it, i know it. 
@gheelovesyou I know right. They need a better story than that. I used to love him so much  It saddens me. Lol.
reviewing documentation ... only 539 pages to go ... yay me 
prepareing for an interview 
preparing for an interview 
I was actually happy to see that leaders of both national were discussing one-one re eliminating terrorism. This editorial is a bummer 
@huntertainment that was one of the most adorable stories  im crying.
Really tired but my sheets are still wet 
elementz report cover page!!?!??! hullo my art is not good  #fb
Still really sick  I will spare u the details
@lbangel76 i know, but it came in a pack of letters and numbers, and I just needed the 1 and the 8, and it's gone! 
@teepage not really, there's no neutral reporter there now who's allowed to report!  #IranElection
Just finished my final research paper and I 'm not to happy I ran low on time and after I turned it in I noticed that I skipped a section 
@carldea Now i have a few more geek references to remember 
@vicderbyshire I'm bored of the story already! 
Apologies McTweeps but don't mean to be flooding you with stories about that nasty rumour 
i feel sick about having to do this presentation. bleeeegh boke 
so it's about 4 in the a.m ad I have yet to be asleep? what should I do? I'm soo sick. 
@nicoleyy305 -  when the hell do we get report cards..... I'm shitting major bricks
The reviewers' comments are reasonable, not too negative. There were many submissions apparently. 
@ifyoudontdont very restrained, well done! I can't match that   lol how long can we keep this subject going for?!
So stressed ! I hope I'll get a subject that I can actually talk about...or the examiner is going to eat me alive 
needs to print off her 19104091 pages of notes 
char i'll miss you so badly  you are an inspiration to all inspiring writers and will be dearly missed
@hamednz  So what are you going to do now? 
hitlist crashed 
You know you're getting older when you have to read documents at 125% rather than 100%.  
again, doesn't like application forms 
wheres the daivid duchonvy interview 
does not know what to do with her feature article...(unsure)  http://plurk.com/p/125od4
@manimeow I tried replying to this inaperfectworld thread.  How do you do that? :'(
@jephjacques You would think hate speech would be, but visceral language draws listeners for both &quot;sides.&quot; 
now i'm missing information and dunno what's needed and tested. 
my report card is badd 
If you are wondering, we have only received the presentation materials/links from 9 of the 23 speakers.  #DoDNN
@SinnamonS I wish I could get on 1 of these shoutout lists 
Why do contacts have to be so hard? I can't put them in myself 
i take that back - no contacts 
@yue_y Never mind... I just read this morning's NYTimes. 
@angelquilter As the report coordinator I am still a grub .. finally left alone to finish his reports last 
is peeved at the paucity of information about constrained mesh smoothing. It means that I will need to _think_ !  And so, to bed. G'night.
Ahhh 2:1 goodness, still don't know my module results though 
There's no exclamation mark on my typewriter. 
unfortunately my research proposal wont write itself 
afraid that the big red X will show up instead of the green checkmark 
@wmhsrebelmom it's free (if you subscribe to the paper paper) 
done with interview..who knows how that will go..gotta go to wrk 
@AndresAlanJaime from my understanding she was  and i sooo agree with you on that! but its all good
And I'm still hatin myself that I missed @joeymcintyre 's invitation to stand next to him @ the m&amp;g  I feel awful
@clouddancefest sulking I am not on favourite list 
U.S. climate report details energy, agriculture harm  http://snipr.com/kg63l
Amazing how stressed you can get with a piece of plastic. 
@MissYuu which address did you send to? i checked everything 
@daveburkevt  - had an article deadline ... 
@markosaar But I can't see my mentions and 'faves' feed in one column. I have to keep scrolling to the left or right. 
@brianeltdhq My comment is awaiting moderation????  That's not nice. 
I hate Interviews 
@davidalston Would love to get the report, but it's buried behind a long reg. form.  Really, username and pass?!
@momversation not able to leave comments 
@jessicaspano  I like ayn rand. Except for the speeches.
#iremember when I tried to get on wit @knichole25 . She wouldnt let me 
So many papers to sign, and no signature....my Fruitloops are soggy now 
@faerywitch  I cried with that article too 
is slaving away on her essay!!!   
@irinai sorry to be unhelpful; I think this may be a non-public report. I only have anyway in hard copy 
Maybe I need to learn how to shut up when I have great ideas...I always seem to forget they're not protected by copyright 
Searching for source for my paper!!! typing a 8 page paper. 
Holy shit that was harrowing. I hate doing interviews. 
@dominic_mcg I did *try* to comment, but #bloggerfail 
@fivewithflores what do you think I modeled my list after? But just doesn't work well in current standard. 
@malapropisms i've got some. but its not working very well 
my mum was NOT happy with my report 
@SkaPunkPezzy wow, no story with that #fml? Must be bad 
@marilacroix If you've added my major publisher to your list, I can't go in and re-enter data.   
@HanaStephenson more then it will ruin the story  srry
@LunarHavok just asks me if I want to report to apple. I fixed it. Seems like one of my media sources was corrupted 
Just got called fat by a worker at chapters 
@mint910 write my reviews ;___; I have like 3 to do. poking at 2 mini-reviews as well 
@jaay89 Those were the days, research assistants are under rated. I spent 6 months looking through Nexis / newspapers for job losses. 
writing report cards again... 
@Scenetrash im not apart of that list 
@arzupancic I was washing my sheets and it was tangled up in them and I didn't know  .
@ubertwiter manual refresh doesn't work either! I have to turn off run in background and close and reopen in order to see new tweets 
@greythinking actually I can't completely copy bc I actually have to try the strategies &amp; document their impact on the anxiety 
@jaret2113 why did you change your background? i liked the other one 
I have a cold and I'm doing my design assessment and I can't concentrate 
I am missing my themes 
Just saw tweet that @zanelamprey is at craft. I just left there   I love me some three sheets!!
file was corrupted  have to record it again !
@oxfordgirl I'd rather not include Tiannanmen in that list - we still haven't won that one, not officially 
I still need a comedic monologue. You'd think finding a monologue would be easy, it's not!  So many are overdone or just suck.
@claudiasantana did you finish your papers? I just finished mine now 
@christies1968 I saw the highlights Phillies really fell asleep they give up too much and they are playing too soft. 
@Fabolous_Krys23 i been ok...but when i get by myself...that's another story  why are u glowing??
@rkaudio  why would she hate you?? I dont hate you, she cant hate you!  (the law has been laid down!) lol
@offstumped best to use english for these terms. it won't confuse the issue. justice was also relative. chk the sambuka story. ramayan 
@proverbs31_12 i miss you. 
@wilw How did you manage to score a copy of Shatnerquake? I have yet to find one. 
Working on MAFPD conference - doing data entry 
@AshleeKaye they were good stories! I can't believe I hit a pole 
@SongzYuuup they took #dontyouloveGod off the trending topics 
I wish he`d notice me 
is trying to make sense of some random data, how difficult is getting proper data 
@gcarraro @oscartr I left a comment but it vanished when I hit submit 
Just withdrew from the logo contest - stupid copyright laws 
@UrmiRaj14 but I don't want to loose my saved data, forms etc.  #fail
Phrack 66 is out and nobody told me  http://phrack.com/
@plasticmartyr Once,when you posted that bulletin about being goth we replied hitting on you it was super funny but you didnt read it. 
so friken tired but i got to finish the third chapter of my story  ... i hope my story gets good feed back lmao
@_beeeee i want to see that.. is it out? andd that list hasn't been done 
hala. *165 new responses*. Hangdame.  http://plurk.com/p/12e6qk
And on a totally different note : mijn neus is ah vervellen 
Up @ 3am reading lupus articles forums 
@SaylaMarz ehem. i want a draft 
@daretomove I only see the 'test' comment 
is hesitating whether she should go to the interview or not  http://plurk.com/p/12ev79
@JamieKnight Watching it too, all getting ruined by politics though 
@kristinak__ hey! ive been good-ish. how bout you??? i gained too.  sad story.
One and a half hours later still no national express bus  I may get back to london today but unsure when and finished reading todays WSJ
I hate applying for jobs. I get all excited, then get rejected. And its the walking to the library to print off forms 
busy doing the reports 
Trying to write a song but i have writers block... 
@wsteffen3 I'm seeing sporadic reports of violence, but have not been able to verify yet.  Also a report of guards/police in plainclothes.
i'm supposed to be writing an essay but i am accidentally hungover 
@LilyGrace20056 i got the magazines! ther is like a million posters of rob!!!!! aaaagh!i was going to say aomething else but i forgot wot 
@funktifiedheart thesis!  I have to write a 5-page sample screenplay for my soon-to-be mentor! haha IF he approves :p
argh!!!! writers block 
I just studied 4 chapters in a row. So tiring. 
attempting to get enough motivation and gusto to write more of my literature review. woe is me 
@sloanzy  safari cannot download this file 
last official OYMBA group run  http://dailymile.com/e/tAK
http://twitpic.com/7wit0 - I miss him.. I don't even know where he is now 
Wtf, TweetSharp, give me some documentation 
@PlanTnT i wish i could help or give you some good advice 
waiting to file a police report 
shares http://tinyurl.com/mserr4 (a sad story)  http://plurk.com/p/12hlui
@smilinggal i'm unable to post comment there 
WoW's 3.2 notes makes me want to play again 
@dy0ulee I tried that, but it was putting the columns at the bottom, and still leaving 2 columns up at the top 
Also I hate reading fic by good writers because I feel so inadequate 
I hate depotting. I wish limited edition items came in single pan form. 
Still no report!! 
Double page spread in the paper outlining the ways in which my guilty pleasure lunch will kill me   http://twitpic.com/7x0uv
Hey @officialTila we lost you on trending topics 
@vilakudy I wish i could see that interview 
I lost my to do list. I feel lost 
After reading @djadam 's twits.  I'm really hungry. 
@LiteraryFeline Me too! I think that's why I have so many reviews yet to be written. 
I want to see my report card 
Just bought the most waterpfoor makeup ever! It won't come off my contacts!  grrr!
i don't know why this essay is taking forever to start 
Really do not know how to do my archives 
Scratch the sighting report.  It was a false alarm.  
@benlawsonphoto you've missed me &amp; @Mbromleyphoto out from the voting poll!  Its coz we're on the 2nd page of the pool now. #TOGether
@ChrisDurso i read!! true story 
I have a confession to make.....    I need a bigger purse 
@AgentManicho Your clues suck. 
realised i've written my candidate number wrong on all my gcse papers!! 
@PeterParks oh I was paying attention to you at the webinar but I didn't quite catch some of the resources you gave out, bad connection 
@danslee Unfortunately not. It's not on their list. 
not even sure what freaking happen but all I know is only the first paragraph is left.    I think I'll cry now.
just found out that my 10 page paper is actually 12.    here we go: 0 of 12...
is wondering what i should put in my bio its just so much more to me then 160 chars 
There are no good trending topics 
@annelisewojo  I take it you're going to have some funny generated signs in your presentations?  I haven't been able to add humor to mine 
@arisearisearise The interview went really well, but they hired a former intern. 
@OzzVonDee lol calculator is crying for that remark 
@luvinjrandsmoke I forgot about the possibility of evil editing... I hope not 
found a copy of my elementary school's news letter thing. i miss it 
@RandiLoveless no  bryana was. I've never even held a formal conversation with her.
Ahhh.. the joys of hyperthreading unaware applications 
i wish i could change my background 
Almost fully recovered, I might have to have my appendix removed though. 
@backstreetboys no more interviews? 
pleeeease just review the story soon, i hate conflict. 
says is reading his notes in QuaMech  http://plurk.com/p/12ljhi
I lost all my contacts 
I thought of a really good quote right now, but I lost it  dang it
@blogbabygabby that's such a sad story 
@souzakh  I demand a recount
Waiting for confirmation!! 
@joek949 an italian  but i'm not like that!Seems like you don't have a good opinion 
&amp;Lindsays not on Kyras list 
writing bio notes. i miss bio 2 notes -- they're so organized. 
Writing a paper on fractal-esque patterns in organizations and educationl leadership but missing visiting bluegrass band 
I am still stuck with story number 4! daym 
No more apology accept!. 
argh, only managae to read one story. So now I have 7 stories to read while at the beachparty. Wuhuu 
I need to see those results already.  I hope i'll be okay.
@eluxoso no present either  must have been left off the list
My Documents wont open up! 
#buzz140 is out the the trending topics... 
back to the critical essay ! :Z 
@OwenisFresh yes!!! I just finished the whole packet though... 
Writing my annual appraisal - how depressing 
OK, that proposal is gone baby, gone. And now, we're on to that shitful research report (not mine) that I *must* read 
#PakCricket is not in the top ten trending topics anymore. 
#PakCricket is out of trending topics again 
haha #PakCricket is out of trending topics again 
us readers are the suckers apparently 
i'm very busy... doing all the paperworks(psychological report and reflection paper in I.P)! so tired! 
@LostInInaka it's not, unfortunately  talked to her supervisor, who told me he'd try to move me off the waiting list, but skeptical
Studyng the subject of death  I really love java... but hate data structures and algorithms
is nervous about seeing my supervisor about my lit review tmr.  http://plurk.com/p/12op6z
Skelly-eyed (squint) and scunnered (fed up) with writing 
i'm doing a letter to the department. 
i haven't got a black pen to do this application with properly  oh well, shall do it all in rough for now in blue.
@rosemaryCNN so touching when reading about neda's story... too bad she's gone too young 
@yazxjb I kind of hate so bio....but the good news is I'm working on ch 54 vocab so I'm almost done...but then I have the essays 
i can see your interview but not hear it 
has just done one past paper, will do another in 5 mins 
kraty called up n said results r out.. but they r not  she is so bad 
@shavemistress @devilsrefugee no link read in paper also s/goggles to use blutack ffs! 
english essay. confused 
#PakCricket is down again in the trending topics.. 
have to write an essay and really cba 
@AliChemist I ask you, if you haven't--if so, I'm sorry--to experience opiates &amp; how they alter perception. Books aren't strong enough. 
@julesey1 That's not good chic  Soddin' in laws...least they won't be around for ever!!!!!!!
is tired thinking of the results coming 
@alibish Waterstones  I thought I'd at LEAST get an interview! Where have you been trying?
Ermmmm i think do you want me  to just get u the address
@desolate_pages yeah ditto. our poor crewchiefs though  they're always out there.
bored.txtin wit @mkeads88 and missin @mkeadmirals hockeyyy 
2 midterms down, now a paper and presentation 
@T_X_P demographic politics == crude, divisive 
I'm writing a stupid story. Does it matter? No 
@OnAwardTour I'm trying to leave a comment &amp; it won't let me 
I wonder if I bore you. I probably do.  is that why you lost interest in chatting with me?
 I've got like the worst paper cut going
@ddlovato  its horrible.....amuse yourself by writing signs or sayings you're most likely to say!
@crownieisRUDE ugh...wit who? 
Any ever experience data loss using #dreamhost? Just lost a whole css file 
my contacts got mixed up. rawr.  
Finishing up faculty interviews ....  
I'm having trouble getting into the romance I just started reading! I hope it gets better,  since I don't want to give it a bad review! 
@DickYankus I'll be sure to send you pictures - working on the outline too btw, sorry it's taking me so long 
@EazyWare lmao long story 
You're only supposed to type ONE space after sentance-ending punctuation? Why didn't I get that memo?!?  
@propernice well their divorce papers were published on ontd already so 
...present, but it's only a b&amp;w printer.  Now he's really sad because he thinks he screwed up.  It's really sad!!!
filling out forms 
@MarciaBrazil chinese? nice! i just had some chicken nuggets.. 
@fiorelitah14 Exammmmmm? =0 but sends a justification wednesday and give your review or 
There. I can't help but continue to argue over the content and design of an open source summit. I made an earlier promise to be quiet 
Some *light* reading to help me fall asleep http://tinyurl.com/pkea6f on attempt #3 to try to comprehend  
@lost_in_a_story They really were. 
i really hate reading, indexing and commiting legal and corporate documents!!! 
#jonandkate filed for divorce  I'm tired of the media trashing them, it's terrible.
@SplinteredBoard I'm sad that was my last entry then 
ouch... massive paper cut from cover letters 
I have an essay to write! 
i'm on essay overload  i hate being this stressed
@kinderism The template editor never worked for me, so I didn't design one. 
@lovejenara @arj830 lol it's a long story he was supposed to be gone....he just left me 
@MickyFin will you be blogging about your experience with the N97 soon? So far i have seen less than glowing reviews 
@LaurenWJohnston There's 1 copy and 5 requests. 
@robsarj I noticed....too bad  O well, I can't say I can dispute that list too much
cancelling daily NYT delivery at the office. my heart is breaking but it's breaking the budget. 
I hate filling out forms 
I still don't see #trackle on the trending topics.  Where's @vampiresmitten when you need her? lol
I hate when all of my ideas turn into writers' block 
@iSamsquanch that's good info, don't mind so much though in regard to themes they chew up unnecessary memory 
@rattus i like peoplewatching, but i do not like the prospect of falling from a five + story building.  
is worried because he doesn't keep good enough records.. 
My life made into this comic.... tear    http://is.gd/1aQ8r
seriously.......can NOT concentrate....i'm going to fail this paper... 
officially the most soul destroying thing in the world: writing four pages and then needing a new piece of paper for the conclusion 
@StoriTaylor Thats the politics baby 
interview 
Written too much for english and am going to have to cut it down when I have finished. This is going to take me forever and it's a plan 
Blooming roasting  n writin an english essay 
@ricardoaraujo those final pages... they are never the table of contents nor the references 
Off work! Now to knock out a seven page paper 
@alwayscoffee With this economy, I imagine only super-established writers are even getting considered. 
@magicconch lol, i know. i've cut it before, but not that much. when hair &amp;&amp; cut are in the same sentence, i get nervous. 
@googlevoice once again, I didn't receive any invitation from you. 
Seriously though, genuinely ashamed of my comments earlier, I've been told they were not nice 
how come when i go look at #coolbandsmadeuncool it says there are not search results? 
@CynthiaBuroughs  how public will it be? newspapers and such?
@brokenempire It sucks having to document what you just built, because then you have to justify it. 
@MiaTaylor the amount of writing you do is amazing! i wish i was that well-rounded  how did you learn to write in so many different forms?
@ansr8r you keep changing the subject 
@garpods22 glad to talk to ya now.  I always miss the chats 
 (via @designrelated) are designed gallery exhibition postcards/mailers going extinct? via NYT http://ow.ly/fHJc
working on my report...boring 
yearbooks tomororw .. and report cards fml.. 
@NikiNeis i miss you.  true story.  soon, you'll be gone forever.  
@starcalhoun naw he just not attractive to me  &amp; He don't look like the stories he tell
@breglez i cant see what the paper says 
I miss comic view 
up to my eyeballs in visa legislation 
attendance report and affiliation fees summary... bukas na agad due!  http://plurk.com/p/13qzxy
The reviews were very right 
@dens I can't DM @fourquare details unless you follow me. 
just writing to say i don't feel like writing. 
@crossmyt i remember when i used to make a zine. transcribing interviews was the worst 
@technoweenie Nor will it display your webapp views without ridiculous reformatting into tables. Makes sending nice notices PAINful. 
@Maiwen I just retain information well. 
Epically long facebook note and @patmondo I forgot to tag you. 
@fivestarprodj no, i'm doing homework.  have a 6 -8 page essay due and I am on page 2 and stuck.
Detailed analysis of todays lunch resulted in a pretty sad 'sigh'.. i want my mummy's food 
Finally finished my share of the marking..sorry it took me so long   sincere thanks to all those students with neat writing 
a letter of shopping lists and presents 
No advice? 
@Synthaetica I try (if the numbers are not too great) to double check on their profile page but I guess a few might slip by 
i'm really getting panicky about srp now  - still got the journal, speech and a few of my graphs to fix up 
While I sometimes like futuristic visions from authors, if there's not enough practical examples, the material comes off as fluffy 
It wasn't really been to the rumors, though. 
I don't like stories where the heroine is intentionally humiliated in order to forward the romantic plot. Not cool 
@maccamacleod I made a reccommendation on the list more than once but as per usual I was ignored 
I have decided that I do not like not being able to have stimulating, intelligent debates and conversation at home 
@campbellscott only downside of social media is that it is reliant on technology 
paper was good.. a silly mistake made me lose 10 marks 
woooooooo!! finished geography essay!!!!!!! ............now just gotta edit 
got my b.s. report marks. i failed  i got 9/20 but v got same as me
Owwwy, got a papercut while putting reports into envolopes. 
@Amandaislegend i cant think of anymore quotes. 
I cant believe I have 3 interviews lined up - I am NOT ready to get back to work 
@DamonOldcorn Lol - jingles are all good, but not an adequate translation service 
I can't find the brief explanation of Aristotl'es theory of hylemorphism... 
@therealjess aww. i can't see the pic on your background.  too bad. lol.
It's so hard not to work.   Finally realized that I am NOT made to be a writer.  I am a bear.
@LovelyLollyB @ZozeeBo @he1e are you getting nasty comments? 
@chriskottom That file is good. 
@jeffreymyers that's a sad story. 
I hate filling out forms manually 
@wazza12 I will be around long story but our foxtel has been cut off 
@realjohngreen ALL nerdfighters should be calling their state representatives to save libraries! It's an issue everywhere. 
I can't finish a conversation after 11 o'clock.  I'll fall asleep.  I'm so lame.  
looking for some good quotes for my one year anniversary present for my honey *sigh* (and i also really need to study  )
@desolate_pages i knoooow. 
@ChargerJenn aww I think working on our entries made you sick!! 
@tynanhooper I hear ya... unfortunately the boss has a file review 2mr with a client so I have to get the review sheets done on all files 
@KTDP Ukh 3ad I never do 
@theaardvark Fixed! Some of the addresses don't work as it's difficult to isolate the postcode from the rest of the address 
@basics lol I've had one for awhile I just didn't remember my password 
Getting copy of my rap sheet 
Writing a 1000 word essay about economic growth and sustainability and their compatibility is NOT fun to do on a sunny afternoon 
@H270 - that's the one I had.  But it won't let me type in comments.... 
@ichosetolive i was so sad when i saw this article. a story about bulimia &amp; the person blows off the notion of therapy/nutrition therapy? 
why isn't my background working when i am trying to set it up 
aha, deredactie.be confirms it was suicide now  #yasmine
@annablackaby that's a sad story 
@eyaekasari @iyya long story how to say???!!  *goshhh i even can't say to you guyz   http://myloc.me/5CgJ
@anddog1 my signature? That's my handwriting 
letti threw my contacts out 
@TFletcher1 I don't have a blender, and over half the suggestions so far involve one  http://myloc.me/5CKv
No farrah on my list 
i don't want to email any more CVs. i'm bored of emailing CVs. i feel crappy 
i am working on my media room design and i love love love my client profile 
I have a new background  It didn't exactly work how I wanted but I was bored with the old one.
@BkBap Ahhh sound advice. 
@ILUVNKOTB he wants u to follow who he follows on twitter. some very nice organizations 
@davekim volunteer for the hunch beta invite... 
@GayTwink just for future reference, since i know you plan to message me hourly, its mykl4 with an L not a 1 
@ErinEven Brb, fedexing my application to you! 
@lanaveenker It's not as much as I appreciate the information. Thanks! 
got a great background from @professorhazard now!  
@markjarvis oh goody. i just have to find a copy! 
@kellyleahy Not this many files 
@BlegooPR It was a quote , a mere quote 
@BlegooPR It was a mere quote, that's all 
@scrivener: I didn't say it was correct, just what I thought 
@Shaido they probably want to know what site he downloaded it from, so they can get their own copy 
watching another cinderella story  aparently it's better than a cinderella story, the hilary duff one. lol
@missygail Shouldn't argue, since you know I'm not going to change my opinion of you 
Setting up new systems for contributors 
@MinaMeow I decided against it a while ago.  But, im a statistics and research geek   so, the information is fascinating to me.
@TimNoonan  o.k... will retract coward comments 
finally finished my first paper of the term 
@AndrewRimmer From what I have seen, there is just a batch file to execute and your are done 
@RacingHippo lmao, they do have some rather impressive examples 
watching cartoons 
creating a health check report, all these red dots, this can't be good 
@doublesided I think @gnat is doing a census 
is about to do paper works at the eve of his birthnight!  http://plurk.com/p/n0t0c
@chrisgarrett I'm up for it! can't wait to here more details 
citations are fun  #maynotbetrue
@christhebarker I've done dailies, weeklies and monthlies. Wouldn't mind an annual next 
Deciding on which new theme to get 
@Topify lol copy and paste 
@barrysnedden I presume you got enough reminders 'bout that appointment  
@CHouttave requests? 
@nellierogers  My advice would be not to get hung up on rankings - but to look at organic search visitors as the target 
@Mumsontop can you email me your postal address and I'll get the publicist to post one out toyou 
@kinso I'm a writer/ presenter and author 
Looking for good captcha alternative concepts. Are there any experts out there 
@catmatson That was the conclusion I had come to as well 
Going on the flyer now! 
yay! just need to type up the client letter 
@robineccles Erm ... somewhere under that heap of paper on my desk 
Documents documents documents. Loving them, now sorting through them 
@Mendelt I just like to list the possible options, so I can google, compare and then decide what I would like to try first 
okaayy, for a newbie, i kinda like twitter now. yeah, you heard it!  gotta go now. so, i'll see u guys tom. then? NYT. i'm OUT. :-h
Today is a research day...developing a questionnaire guide and then the interviewing begins! 
just hit page 20 of his story 
@MrGoogleAlerts @simoncast quotes doesn't work, tried that when I set it up 
@krystalle whoo, I have been craving more information on that one 
@ArticlesBase hi, no i don't.  is it a good addition to my article lens?  i will check it out today.   anyone else have feedback?
@pbur lol, that's a very interesting interpretation of my icon. 
@dawnbugni: Does shopping have to have an excuse? I must have missed that memo. 
@davehull that said, i'm not a copyright lawyer 
Just got contacts. 
@gxsxax precis 
@romeocandido its been shot!! just waiting on the edits... 
@b50   it wasnt actually meant for you guys.. i just tweeted it and read what you guys were upto.. and it just fell into context.. haha!
@senorton waiting to hear how they'll actually want to use it. maybe i'll ask for a free copy of the mag. 
@aubree77 What's a newspaper?  
@Becccccaa sorry.  but it was a good conversation though 
@stephenfry welcome back. I've been missing your ruminations 
@nashvillest I think your early poll results tell no lies. 
@PumpsAndGloss No, I'm on the committee, and secured 3 of our tweeple panelists. 
@gmarkham  It just took me by surprise as you are normally commenting on politics and journalism. 
@calgarymother I sent a direct message w/ some tips.  boils down 2 simply being genuine (reading others) and b a part of the conversation.
doing notes  im soooo smart lol
@imrananwar But because they have on all the viewpoints, I am *forced* to get educated 
@bsellick tell @ryanoncoffee I'll buy another copy off him 
@SherylBreuker you'll have to give me the &quot;Readers Digest&quot; version of how it went and who was there 
@ajkeen with regard to high taxes - best idea ever  happy to file my tax report every year with a smile
decided not to work on my paper and go to the outlets instead 
@muhfukinchico haha i like your advertisement 
@DayNeverComes I love your background! 
@rach91 good summary 
@DeidreKnight I never thought this type of story could be written because of the subject matter. @smartbitches recommended it. 
@90notes Sounds awesome- sharing with the group. 
@moneyfirst I think for that comment alone you deserve to be followed. 
@castlenes No I haven't!  You?  I dislike my handwriting so I'm hesitant.  
@harday not that funny in my opinion... 
@awestra I agree. That's why i tweeted my inquiry. 
@MerryMonteleone I'm so up for that!  Sounds fun. And you're a pro, I know, so all's the better for me.    I just do a one card reading
@BigChampTheBoss awww i made the list  thanks
@BODaciousSecret no, the secretsinsation.com On the bottom, there's this pic from your essay on BODacious magazine. Its a marvelous photo 
I heart cartoons!  (via #zenjar )
@jlsimmons those are def on the list 
@msmissee to hook me up! Just my opinion! 
At a wedding right now and taking notes 
@yidwithlid not much since I'm sitting here twittering  Your article shook me up!
Telling stories by the fire 
@GoddessGeek best. headline. evar. (the one you wrote, not the actual article headline) 
@roqueath Objectivism is stupid. 
@dreamonster I found your outline!!!!!! 
@JasonCalacanis I'd heard that most of your tips were just under 100% I just assumed they meant your advice wasn't up to snuff. 
@twandaforce a view from behind can be okay 
@RPatZHood how are you my favorite article of clothing... 
@khyrinthia You probably did. We have similar constitutions. 
Moving on down the list of thingz I shouldn't be doing 
bout to watch quantum of solace ... will report back with review 
@jessicastrust did the toothfairly leave a note? she needs to leave a little note and pop some glitter into the envelope! 
The library should have a no last calls policy!! 
@pcsketch good stories are always fun 
I'm still up; cooking up some new material. 
@nottheword  the economical paper variety more my style for my musings 
@pinkiecharm I guess they entitled to their opinion 
@sagebirt there is notthing tosay R* can't release extra content, just can't make it downloadable ;) and there is some rumoured 
so far so good Hend, inshallah all of us will present great IT litertures reviews 
ESTK just comment me back! Haha so happy! 
@Rodshelton.  I'm good now! I've made it to my address safely.
@lindabutterfly oh, the website does the calculation of 11% itself 
@cremeole more hints please 
is here.. and i passed in the my subject,, wuhu.. 
Still reading articles..   *is tired*
@monadic pen and paper  have experiences working with all 3, and all 3 suits my needs currently... should I blog my findings?
Just finished writing her english essay, I just have to write it out again and make it all neat and well neattt 
@Documentally that's a great check list I might use it myself but in a different order 
@djhsecondnature Two reviews with a third incoming 
my son has happily started doing menial data entry for me, and he's actually *excited* about it! milk it while it lasts 
@willwhite this was good advice 
@GODISGOTH really!? you think our language looks gorgeous in writing? 
Some to bring some law to twitter 
@puffmclover   but it doesnt make me want to read the other BKS  but just my opinion 
@casualcottage YES! I've got tons..hate going through papers 
@Hurly_Burly I've never been there but the brochure sounds nice 
@Jfyoung very nice analogy 
@Benchkin im looking forward to our exchangment of stories 
i love how late we are chats with @sineadgrainger over cider always make me happy. especially the topics 
@jctremblay Looking forward to see the results 
@mitaliperkins  I just joined that &amp; http://twibes.com/writers (I think!). But now what? 
trying to decide what to have for breakfast..... and suggestions???? 
@sudosushi i make up for it with expertise 
just found an xmind map for rhys schlong. i think i know where to put this 
@JoyVBehar the greatest sign of confidence; the crossword puzzle in ink!!! 
returning comments 
@breyeschow - let me assure you that your lovely wife seems to have MUCH more substance and awesomeness than the featured NYT bride 
@drmomentum that's too bad because your comments are always insightful 
@Antoniablue must be the writer faction 
Officially done 2 past papers, an exam/key dates timetable and 139 words of an essay. Also just worked out i'm seeing mcfly in 17 days. 
@narnoura well, I'm not an expert in this field, but it's possible that it's a Freudian subconscious reflection of your personality jk 
And are you noticing how I'm so not helping your efforts in grading those papers  I should quit harassing you with questions.
@buberzionist ok objection sustained 
@locaoimh thank you. So how are you comfortable with your intelligence? it was not rhetoric only! 
@MakeupArtists I would love to! Let me know details 
@couponprincess  I'm very excited about the huggies coupons-and I have several copies of the paper! 
'you know im not attached 2 material' 
Keeping up with my journal. 
@rachelbeer I believe I can do that for you, if you send me your U&amp;P i can create a tweetdeck profile file for you 
@TYSONtheQUICK Congrets with making the list.. 
now going to return comments 
if we can summarize the data of twitters than i think we can bring really interesting usage pattern 
Except it wasn't a paper clip. It was a safety pin. I'm just a moron. 
@Eunicgoddess what's your address again??  
@realin wow! that's a very nice comment 
@aritra_m Here's my rating list to aid you  The 9 and 10 rated are best recommendations.
true story....lol 
@aritra_mHere's my rating list to aid you  The 9 and 10 rated are best recommendations. http://tinyurl.com/d32nwp
@podblack I'm glad he seamlessly worked that into the conversation. 
@drjoesDIYhealth nearly there. @TheBetterSexDoc liked the 'I think therefore i am single' quote- made me smile 
working on the website of our newpaper 
@tinnion how very minority report 
@rossmills Do you mean a pic of the article or a pic of someone writing the article? 
@vital_sign fringe is awesome!!! x-files without the conspiracy &amp; some 'real' science to back it up 
Share the view  - http://mobypicture.com/?his15i
That is why I love short stories 
@jacindaardern haha you should read the lovely editorial the timaru herald wrote  attacking me bout the police's horrid under 25 scheme 
mind map, essays, presents, designs, test, want to give me some more tasks?  i'd be very happy to ignore them 
It's just like a crazy puzzle 
@ipk316 awesome   can you provide any more hints?
@larzshinobi good article about the trainers, i always bought cheapies and looks like i was better off 
@strumpfkunst one more view now   He's cute!
@hellohelis I paint the fabric, than I'm supposed to put that paper on it and iron. But tried already, backing paper does the job! 
@atebits just bought my copy  hopefully one of the first few to get it!
@atebits btw, if, by any chance, I have a bug report/feature request do you have somewhere I should go to for that or just mail you? 
amykatethanks for the feedback. It's always nice to know what users think. I'll pass your comments on to ourtechteam 
Correction: Just a side note, we all know there are over 100 writers for moral fibre right? Just in case I'm accused of penning em all 
@alicam aww size little. cute story 
@Boaa argh! i had my speakers on 
@davidcoxon It's not set in stone just yet, so we'll take note of feedback, as always! 
@candyliciously *hugs back* missing our chats 
about to listen to a presentation on rainwater harvesting systems???? should be interesting! 
@dconvery I know I responded to that thread 
Writting on http://cruisetravel-tips.com 
@jinal_shah @media_reveries : You guys deserve it! 
@kevinpollak that was my first comment as well! lol 
@fromblueskies You'd be on my 'hard to unsubscribe from' list. That's all that matters 
Finishing up papers.  Going for a workout later at 12 w/ Landers 
@leila_the_law srsly! hehe. supernews rcks 
@Amuseconsulting No worries  Have you received any feedback on the presentations? I'm interested in reception to my slides/crib
finally finished his outline for his speech 
just checked yesterday's websites statistics .. leads to interesting conclusions ... let's say there is room for progress 
not that anyone really cares.. but I'm almost done  just a paper to go.. and its all research. 
@custaro lol, and never has a more accurate analysis been stated, or communicated in song! if only it were on itunes... oh the memories! 
@nirvank there's always a snarky comment too! 
@CreativeOpera you can too, sign up and I'll add you to the list. 
@RobWelsh  I like me trends though...
@timaldiss if we're talking newspapers, t'has always been dim, no? 
41,774 records to go 
@1frog They are expensive and then leave with all the knowledge you have given them 
Mailer daemon is burning my message in hell 
@TokyoNeon enjoy the view 
@davidgrohl I totally love watching/reading interviews with you guys. Always very entertaining. 
@truscotsman72 not at all...i expected ppls opinions n views. 
@adrianslatcher and I've just wrote a comment on it  it's a great piece of literature, so well done for blogging about it!
Smarthistory at #1 with 27%, but only by 4%! http://pv.webbyawards.com/ Register, vote, retweet! And thanks 
@_startafire maybe take them out for the interview and get a trim  or you could always put retainers in?
@dinidu watching mythbusters??? I totally envy you dawg! 
@paper_hand you make me giggle 
@emurl not the prettiest but the most powerful under the hood, read our writeup at twittercism.com and tweet us up  http://is.gd/txEj
one more explanation of a quote and guess whose coursework is done 
@Eazee i second the conscious rappers fave list plus Q tip 
@Cornelieke reading CVs today - found yours 
spending the morning reading and watching animations, all in the name of reseach 
@markpank either that or i should rethink my wording. 
i'm trying to spam comment them into replying  @BryceNeil
@kraziyanto funny advice, but true! 
story  that isn't scary! 
@HillaryChan I rather they pay for labor and results 
have listened to a lecture on President Obama and which kind of president he will be according to the previous presidents  Interesting !
@Slate004 haha ur crazy 
@shadowsinstone ... has been just as guilty of sensationalising stories - or even falsifying them - as new. 
@ferozsalam wow, with all exotic places you must have some stories to tell 
2.5 more papers till i am done with my masters 
@LisaSansouci I like this statement 
@timTech i'll get right on that...when I decide I am done reading.  and i'm glad you like the background. i sure do.
@GeoffGodsey maybe you can get our donation pages up and running? Just a thought 
@RealHughJackman  *leaves positive feedback* I bet that's the most original feedback you've ever gotten 
@DulceVitaVICK I do appreciate the memo 
1 paper, 1 midterm, 1 quiz, and 1 presentation left! I feel so much better 
@mversion Once again, just my view! 
@flowersbyfarha We're just trying to come up with random stupid definitions of what a smelly washer could be. 
nailed the us navy civil engineer corps interview.... 1 word to describe myself right now.... awesome.... 
And with the bed quote..I'm off to find mine 
I like presents neatly wrapped with crisp gift paper. Yes. 
@BrianDeagon sound advice. 
Previous response to @MisterNoodle was for entertainment purposes only and does not necessarilly reflect the views of this tweeter 
@ramcosca i see you all followed my advice and got all kinky. 
@wcm777 well the file is uploading to yousend.com 
has purple highlights 
@kirkfamily I like your background 
This article even mentions cake makers @violetbakes  http://tinyurl.com/cszbpp
Off to go be a productive member of society... or some such rubbish... 
@weedoutofthepot k. details? 
@mariagrineva I look forward to seeing your paper. 
writing some french vocabulary...actually it's about 4 pages. And listening to radio 1 
@josepicardo I'm sure you could include some juicy quotations from http://www.flickr.com/groups/858082@N25/ 
@eczemasupport Thankyou for adding me to your followfriday list! 
@amindadrift depends on how juiced up you are. If I can't stop thinking about a story, I'll just write. If not, then sleep it is. 
Just about to start cutting the pages of on road magazine issue 3  then it's already to upload 
@EverywhereTrip in addition to that tip: check EasyToBook.com 
is coding her articles... just hit 100. Yay me!!! 
Success is knowing when to stop and play   I like that quote!
@knealemann I've spoken with them too. I think they could start by simply writing more interesting stories. 
laughing about the postings of Darknice and waterman02  ... and I just will let you know that I agree with you ...
@ChampionsTennis : I see your first prediction going wrong and I hope your second one goes wrong too! 
@leightonmarissa got the address leighton 
@CaitEggers I don't know if you just changed your background or I never noticed but I like it  and I like that it matches my old one!
watching 'bedtime stories' 
now in manila.... thinking of good possibilities.  http://plurk.com/p/rdton
@ellimm I know. Those were two seperate statements 
@extremelyrich you never run out of quotes, do you? 
@AAAYYYEEE I do not know of any other Fins.  I guess we can share feedback when he misses a coverage.  
@feministmentor We need male feminist mentors too 
has a new zwinky background 
@maybellinete swak unta to imo jewels cleansing  have you sent in your article? no pressure though, i can put that in for the next one
@Adamfyre well, I suppose some are. And, frankly, I get the same comments in equal numbers from women. Breasts r eyecatching 
@silvermarquis Sure thing.    We can also compare notes between sessions.
its an old article that i like 
time to tackle my psych final paper, then (potentially) developmental economics. But first? LUNCH. And reading blogs, as per usual. 
@starmike lol I just knew you would get the reference (even though slightly misquoted) 
@Lanesa I've resent your login details, please confirm that you have received the details.  Have a great weekend!
@schollem Yes, we are print media.  But I am talking about interviews, not articles. And I am mainly thinking of newspapers.
@jordanknight I think he is re-reading the contest entries and thinking you should've chosen ME! 
found my twelve sources and am finally starting on my last civ paper. i refuse to sleep/eat/tweet until i finish. aurevoir 
@noirem I haven't read that series either.  It's on my list!
@redsoxmonkey i can tell.  how's that paper coming along ;)
@amabiile Gostei do background, menininha! 
Working on the paper!!! I am getting places 
@Frankus80 haha..  any suggestions are welcomed!
@abbielicious613 @JonathanRKnight  I just watched that &amp;&amp; I left a comment 
@pradyotghate i m the one organising it, so how would I not come?   details here : http://is.gd/w3i4. we have abt 25 confirmations already
@Louiejizz holy how! i just learned how to do this! haha and i just now read all your mentions! hahaa 
@spazbaldie list to bat for lashes 
@sheseesred &lt;3 for your comments. 
@savagestar Seen the now-official congratz thread? 
@hippiekat What stories? 
Just posted my latest tutorial but now I don't know what else to do a tut about!  Any suggestions?
Yay at last I'm done with my sports article!  One more to go! haha I'll do it tomorrow 
@perrynfowler what's the quote? Not sure if I still believe everything I used to 
@Swizec i agree, there should be a post ... @freeeky, grant us the privilege of reading your incoherent tale of that particular evening 
finally done with markering report 
finally done with the markering report 
@onemouse like that list too 
I would love to add user and share notes in @evernote 
YAY! i received the acceptance letter. 
@hirise_stories You're totally welcome 
@mistressmia lol so I guess it's more than just an expression 
hoping to make good tips at the mimis cafe 
@bramzo what's it mean, besides the Dutch translation of pkA? 
@dshack It worked. I saw you on the trendy topics. 
@Juniesgurl thank you for the comment on twitpic 
@bridgetx - thank you!!   Hopefully some quotes will come in useful for others out there, he puts it so well. 
@_xotashhh Yay for new readers! They can't resist your stories. 
I'm going through magazines to find good workout articles and recipes. 
almost finished wit my paper 
@aileen2u2 I use tools to follow extra closely to a special group of twitters. And you just entered that special group. 
@alitaylor17 - i don't know about more republican (have they been any better lately?) but definitely more conservative/libertarian 
@gautamghosh i thought about that. but i am debating my own beliefs in free expression v/s property rights 
@richmeyer It probably will come as no shock that I have not heard back from PHRMA. 
@kaitywilliams yep same feedback here haha 
@tweexchanger great article on you guys 
@fatherz, not sure if I phrased it as eloquently as you, but I could tell she had a new perspective she didn't have before. 
@siddharthainc It's funny if you read it in a different context. 
@waltpsu no, you always were. but don't tell illuminati. he gets sore on the subject 
@DavidArchie aww darn interviews haha. but yay for writing again! 
@Cristinellaa I've watched that entire interview twice and I've picked up maybe half of it 
@MysteryGroup hey mystery group, you guys plan on revealing yourselves anytime soon? lol hey, are any of you guys of latin backgrounds??? 
I make my own quotes 
http://invisiblecities.comicgenesis.com/story.html this fascinates me. 
@LolaMcIntyre I'm glad we could connect  I'll forward you some steps in writing to get you started and we'll go from there
@jennamcjenna go urban dictionary the term yalie 
@Perliux let us know when you print the next batch I'll try using recycled paper for now but re-usable stamps shoul be real cool 
figuring out prom details 
@deviantradio lol can't fault me for researching worthless information.  
@HollywoodIntern lol...u silly 4 that thong comment...i knew u would concor!!! 
haha i just took the poll. The very first vote  I'm proud
Still working on my paper.  
@melissaonline i will try to get a list together for you. 
@Theoneandonly08 No, I found it on my list 
is working on her essay that she put off for so long. lovely 
@drdisaia Just for your comment earlier about the blonde's implants ... I like the feedback 
put a pic of me  no bad comments bout it
@courtneycarolyn I 100% agree with that statement 
just finished my decathlon speech. I think it's pretty good. 
@projectcloud the real fun begins when you have to remove references to some huge files from many commits ago 
@BeckyPhillips would love your input.  
@euskir you weren't bothering me, but to say that the task ahead is easy, is false. It's not just an article. No big deal, though 
@drakkardnoir One of my favorite quotes 
@AlanBaxter glad you liked the article - particularly good one I thought! 
@Joyceeee well i most defiantely have a story to tell youu. 
@pianjeli Are you just making quotes up? 
went through all of my old comments in my old m`ply. 
@cathyah I love it...that's going to be one of my new fave quotes. 
@williamduncan the archetype thing was for a comm. class that studied archetypes in popular media. reading your links now, thanks 
@girlwhoshould but it's fun when they blatantly ignore the advice 
do some research for my article 
i love the feeling of a finishing a 10 page paper 
140 pages and i'm done with eclipse! 
i just reading a magazine 
@lollipop26 that was a really good interview to read, really enjoyed it  x
@Epiphora  I'd have read it but I'm not sure you would have wanted my opinion 
ha, the first request for sending a paper copy of my thesis 
Fixing openbox theme a little 
Wow, it's so early. Just had the best conversation. 
@faithjuliana where?  U magazine?
@wyclef that's a good sentence 
has one more paper left 
yay my research paper is finally 4 and a half pages&lt;3 not going on bus was not bad after all 
trying to record my audio source, maybe I need a specific program @vhadZe I'm good thank you  hehe
is almost done with the third/chapter cover page, yay 
reviews done, 30 new sentences, 100+ iknow done wow on a role 
Luking for new background pic......  
@Bournemouthecho 'answers on a postcard'?! What century are you in? 
my portfolio v2 uploaded! any comments and feedback are warmly welcomed!  http://www.maxiin.net/
wee. done with advance audit paper 
working late.. but yet so fun hearing my colleagues funny song lists 
@mspecht well bugger can send my to do list right on over if your board.. 
I'm report is coming along really good, and i haven't even been tweeting that much. I'm so proud of myself 
@SarahWV hehe indeed it is, I actually nearly changed my bio to just 'Don't Panic' but I wanted to keep in the #freehugs 
@shayMonkey I'm comin wit u!! 
@almightygod Do we need a poll to see whom is least comprehensible? Haha!! 
@TheCR i think both ?s related to size depend on structures and system: hard to relay in tweet but worth blogging..good questions this am 
i changedd my background  its from picnik.
from here to cyborgs there's but a small leap  - http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg20227065.900
Writing some mild and wild articles 
More #ecomonday @ManageMyHomecom @GreenCommission and me @nan_fischer  Now I'll go check out all the recommendations I've seen!
@JJaneBB follow me if you like to hear interesting stories 
@victoriastrauss you know, i would love to see 5 lies editors believe about writers. #justsayin 
@heystephy write write write!!! 
@PackFM not if i'm not on the list 
Waiting the next release 
@lunaliu  You are such a positive thinker, I am for sure keeping you around! 
The horoscopes website I use has all changed around  I like it!
love it when jonas brothers are in the trending topics. maybe taylors turn next 
@mnmissy you should do an # for the safesex topic 
@kellimiura I'll save the celebration until it's sent to my professor. I am proud that I wrote a 15 page paper though 
@penguinm That comment was just to ..well you know...to not reply to it.  
@urban_asher better.  That wasn't one of my better summaries 
about to hit the sheets. 
Currently brushing up on the art and science of selecting good domain names (after having 550 domains the year before with poor results) 
@mscofino wow that is a great list... Now i need to shop 
@lilbuddha04 I'm searching, too. We'll compare notes. 
@philalcorn No offense taken..!  Just one of my many controversial views, I guess!
taking requests for nkkairplay 
Watching cartoons..... 
@fiercemichi, love your background, I just might have to copy it 
@liljizzel dope background 
just bought a magazine 
good topics. and ciggarettes. 
@xoMusicLoverxo I'm using it in a story. I actually already wrote it but have to write the chapters before it. 
@MindandBodyYoga one of my favorite quotes ever 
@chearn73 thank you  make sure u read the groups description to better understand this project 
@Sequanne he so is! &lt;3 hence, my new forum signature! 
@SubClub I was, I took your advice and it was most enjoyable  I am too small to be out alone or I would've just come over lol
@pntbtrkisses LMAO...but you'll still have me! I am thoroughly enjoying our conversation 
He hated my writing, so I made him my academic adviser.  
@marshawrites Yes, you should write an article. 
@ModelSupplies thank you for your comment 
@AmazingPhil tweet us a story  X
@Desdemiroble [[citation needed]] 
trending topics are really strange!  but still petty funny...  
@MisterRo The record has been written to show the facts correctly. 
@sweetfloss sound advice 
Handed in another load of CVs today!  And bought the sourest sweets on earth. I'm going to give them to people and watch them suffer. 
@DragonflyeDream I could tell you some stories bout my research  very tough
@claybavor blind taste tests are flawed. knowledge of the container's material actually changes the flavour. It's all in the mind 
@ThisIsRobThomas best haiku EVER! 
@smrobert71 Apparently that law isn't true....  
@Llubyloo I hope you twitpic the results so we can all go 'aaaaahhhhh' 
@TangerineTang I don't get their newsletter! I'm going to have to sign up. 
@stevebanfield I don't know, but apparantly the group is invitation only so I'm waiting to see if I pass muster 
off to revise myself some spanish. looking forward to reading your comments. 
i love my layout now. edited the background myself. 
@bradleyshill thank you for your opinion! 
just kidding, sox are on! i finished the paper though 
Patiently waiting for @BlaqBlossom to add to her story!!!  
@annyjacoby I would like the sources for the quotes you gave me. 
@souljaboytellem &lt;---is a trending topic again 
@Nomesque It's the politics, right? Chicks dig the politics. 
if you want see some inspiring interviews, check out www.obsessedtv.com with @samanthaettus and @garyvee pops in with the wine. 
@lauter We're happy to provide references 
No interviews for me 
@punkylady thanks for that useless information! 
about to hit the sheets 
I'm totally diggin' my new twitground!  (twitground = background)
http://twitpic.com/50uqg - Where my story comes to life 
@madpanic I read the interview and really enjoyed it.  You're Twitterfamous! 
@JenniferHui @ngocdupont true story! I have the transcript to prove it 
still writing my term paper, already have 8 pages done 
Thinking about creating a list of things like a bucket list but if I start now completing the list I better make a really long one 
@FridaLoves like my new background? 
Writing my story. 
@dennisdoomen And you're not in the list, so you can't come! 
@nolman that photo was shared on the internet using a commercial commons licence  still, at least it was end of notes propaganda.
@mollieadeux yer print my consent form  ily
so now i am learning this too....social media expert... 
also got pretty much solid confirmation of kelllys sexuality. 
@crazytwism hahhahah is the only comment I would like to make  @fossiloflife @fraands
@lone_observer reading docs regarding some interesting components... 
@thinxtoomuch you'll love it, it's not as bad as the stories you've heard 
I got a chain letter by fax. It's very simple. You just fax a dollar bill toeverybody on the list 
I'm practising speaking with a pencil in a mouth in advance of my first digital interview...im not sure its making me speak any clearer 
@wohu maybe add some of this to it - they'll pay for your flight  - http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v459/n7244/full/nature07997.html
watched @llew0r's abc interview before 
@alstorey you realise we will all expect an apology now 
@ceruleanbreeze *thumbs up* Commentate on my commentary. 
OUT. a.i. results now.. 
@ciaranj Really you would not want me to mate  I can pass you records if you like 
@Hjorthen to. much. information. 
@stigsy ahh... there's always pen and paper, that doesn't crash 
I was able to write a simple awk script to count lines in a log file - very helpful when validating report data  
@brian_condon No worries. Just been reading through your report btw 
@darraghdoyle I hope you're keeping a list of these... 
I got a chain letter by fax. It's very simple. You just fax a dollar bill toeverybody on the list 
@BruceBailey we stole the 3d glasses under a ruse of scientific explanation  the exhibition was great. Kirks writing was fantastic!
@javamomma got a few suggestive responses but not enough to make a short story...yet 
@ashleexposed want me to read a story??? 
Working on my paper! 
@StoneZoneShow i didnt had any revelations tho 
A little quote there from my current reading, don't worry, just the one 
@chrislawer read those of course  just wondered what was meant by 'early &amp; fluid' -explorations &amp; assumptions, rather than stated needs?
@socialdiva I just signed up for your newsletter! 
@AmyMc__x I know, their interaction is always really cute! 
yay new background makes me smile 
@shailesh It's such a good story...I hope you give in to the temptation.  
(: xquery comments make me smile 
@RobertKazinsky liked your speech and well done 
working on my files. 
@comeagainjen proverbs is also amazing. 
@b182soldier haha! that's more of a personal choice  some opinions on the matter: http://www.geocities.com/fairyinboots53/vegans.html
@KOttavio indeed, check her timeline 
@miscellaneaarts you're welcome, you have a very nice background 
@composerandreas Love the interview 
: EMILY CLAREE why? you need a conversation? 
@theLanceYoung good proverb....good quote on fear....have a good dayyyyy (say like ml 
@jyusan ummmmmmm, if it's really that good, can you send me an invitation? 
@kfountain2 slo was monitoring this conversation 
@queenzgoddess Common knowledge is all. 
Getting a giggle out of some new entries on http://textsfromlastnight.com  
o.O just remembered i have a magazine to read 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
reading pauls letter to the colossians tonight 
interesting... http://tweetstats.com/graphs/samiism -- see your own graph! 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
Truthfulness is the foundation of all human virtues. 
@MCRIsAPleasure @jasminezarasani i tagged you in my note 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@euterpe42 Don't worry, I loved it (as you probably know from the glomp and...smile from reading it)  &lt;stares at it&gt;
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@ComfyPaws already emailed an investigative reporter 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@unnamed_gaming claim my code. give it to me. please   
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@FluppyCrack  haha in my opinion I can't 
reading mso  entertaining forums
2 more articles to go 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@BennyGreenberg There were about a dozen beneath the article that didn't load for me , or I wouldn't have mentioned it 
@JasonKAM its k i'll text you the highlights!! 
@aparajuli Slightly more robust than my suggestions 
producing... msnbc... right now... segment/reporter hits coming up... ahh! 
@BecaDru22 loved the addition of 'pretty' to ur statement ..  .. colorful ..lol
i love wordpress, its official 
four chapters left, the end is in sight, now editing chapter 7 on user experience, then 3 development chapters and it is over 
@Kimbalicious aww at least you can see it on google maps 
@audit You must be very dedictaed 
@themudcakes can you send a flyer through to me and I will promote!  
Finally happy with my first paper  Not that I got any farther with my second, but, oh well... XD
@PaulPunktastic i agree  have you emailed him over it or something? you deserve an apology!
@allybis hahah where are all these quotes coming from 
haha I know all the conversations and I could recite it  loool
@_emmyhall_ same same just got a magazine from borders though  (Y)
@AngelaWilson I have to convince myself to cook them. The Italian food is research for a story 
@lauradawg I got an A in that paper 
wit the best frann meeegan. 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@GuyRipley Grammatically it works, I guess. 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@BrokerSaunders ha...now we are on 2 chats at once...now that's what I call connected 
writing a new story, 
@fiercemichi heya left u another pic comment...u just have to read it lol  oxox
@theroxy You don't deserve bad reviews! I Yelped for you. 
@Kurayumei re stemstell those are bold statements, but an interesting one -so I can dig it 
@Bandrew love to understand more about nickname spanky @aliciaskimbit what the story 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@ijustine @mashable I really like how trending topics is now a trending topic 
www.schnellpress.com relaunched! sign up as an expert or submit your queries... more services launching! keep your eyes on us 
@nancybaym depends on if you successfully blow it up into 2 chapters 
@sumal lol that quote is funny 
watching minority report. 
@ThaFuture703 I didn't make the list! 
finally found some themes i like 
Minority report I have seen this one but it's been long enough that hopefully I don't get too distracted with my icrack 
@JuiicyKisz86 lol you don't have to justify it, you like it end of story 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@MarySayWhat LOL plagiarism or not it might make a good story 
@bonniespurple I am loving the background. 
@OregonMJW I really loved your story; it was so sweet. 
my sheets are washed..now i have to make my bed 
going to type 100 facts and section on scott 
@GayDJPodcast ...they also want to use and abuse my media and I.T skills 
@heartnibbler food network has a magazine? 
Final draft is out. Finally 
@yeahthanks hee i know! her stories always crack me up 
@Halfdeck ooooo suddenly have selective reading. We were discussing your traumatic experience, and oooo never mind 
Interrogation scene in less then 1 hour. I have a few tricks up their selves like false information and physical clues 
@cheeekysana can you please make me a copy 
I have to write this letter to my senator for you artist to get your fair share of the pie!!  
@veronicaeye The rich, rich irony that moms (mom bloggers) might be the # majority in this chat. 
At the in-laws working on wedding details. 
@RachelMcFly as long as you understand lol  i understand its your own unique language  &amp; its my new years resolution to quit it for a ..
catdog.. there are valuable lessons in cartoons such as this.. 
@ImChrisRich I do believe you should have been much higher on that list! 
@chynagyrl1980 love your themes 
Ah....I looove debates 
@JuliaLight One paper and then I'm free 
@JoelyRighteous writing a report 
@greenteacup wow...u have been getting quite a number of interviews lately... 
@concertreviewer u r correct!  should b earthquake reviewer! 
@omnipotentseal i meant that i'm an extremly avid reader.  and writer too, i suppose
 think i gota ll contents/interviews ready now for june issue
@dreey92 Maybe!! Thanks for your compliments on my new chapter!!! 
@justlikeanovel I love your new background  
Reading one of the the best compilations of advice for the next generation of planners. Feeling a sudden sense of butterflies 
@Trishinspace yeah, but there must be papers left, right? they'll tell the whole story 
@shelisrael not in my view, but it may force typography to reconsider its relationship to the printed page 
welcoming any feedback, improvements and comparisons for #unconf2009.. we want to do better so be frank w us 
@howardbear i decided not to apply. They didnt respond to my letter asking their approval to apply. I was offended. So i sent them a pic 
@izsanchez good to make a list 
i have finished my research paper!!! also, this is my 200th update 
I wonder why I always have multiple Rothbardians attacking my writings, but never any extra defenders 
@trendingtopics Is #LukasRossi @lukasrossi on your list??  He should be 
@tarushikha you seem to be on a quotes marathon 
@fartingpen I am even faster, posting a comment now! 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
is haaappy with the election results 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
enjoys reading online newspapers every midnight. As an environmentalist, it help me save paper! 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@christinelu my bio and I are blushing 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@dstoudemire follow @theteganandsara ?  its the official
@iamgaberosales HAHA i lol'd. i`m watching nick  comment in my survey! )
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@kimhade how good does it feel? only geo and every other subject left now 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@digitalunrest that's good enough as a single panel joke 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@tonyrobbins tony, some quotes do not make sense  even in psychobable
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@FrumiousMe Aww thankyou  I like affirmation 
Just finished round 1 of editing my paper, now for Freebirds! 
@PegasusNZ I can email more detailed instructions if you want. lemme know  it's fabulous and simple 
They let me in...  I think I had the french-speaking agent 
@guestbook   Invitation only this one lol  http://is.gd/kBFC
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
check out @nikkiviljoen 's new backgound  Just uploaded!
All you games companies, publications, fellw writers, whatever, follow me and I'll follow you. 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
I love getting organised with my to do list - now I can get cracking!! 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@PaulDuxbury you have mail, articles for you 
@RyanFowles Look at our to do list 
@danielshockk I hope he does now, just for your comment 
@DHughesy I don't know how to tell a joke  If u're not joking then press the 'Ctrl' key +'c' key=copy &amp; press the 'Ctrl'key +'v' key=paste
@dmlekuz yours too is awesome! It would be cool to share some implementation ideas 
@mekkanikal I lurve that show. to pieces. thought the reference was to a much  older joke 
@samwarnaars multiple events are using #momo hard to track conversation 
@jeffrudell You're a big inspiration to me! Have started many a paper project after reading one of your posts, no need to blush! 
i wish i had installed my 4.1 speakers. COLDPLAAAAAAAAAY, live. 
@ankurb I've experienced that myself. So can't help it  but I think you are too @ankurb to believe this statement 
has finished her uni programming project documentation. And is happy about it. If you understand what I said 
@ArunBasilLal it wud be very interesting to read our papers during valuation, lots f innovations, but they dnt do that 
@GiaStone relationships are complicated and constant evaluation of self is important  xo
Please submit your professional and media queries at www.schnellpress.com, i'll be compiling today's media requests soon!! Thanks 
No major incidents, returned safely back in one piece 
@bjfletcher you can only escape the politics for so long. it'll hunt you down eventually 
major project eval over, now its just d reports left 
@themelab heh not bad. Reminds me of an old classified government document  needs a big X files stamp at the top.
@spinesurgeon very surprised! shows a complete lack of understanding of expectations from him :| what is he trying to say in his reply? 
@sethsimonds I appreciate your step that you took. I sometimes want to clear my list too but I'm still too far from your list 
@andr3 &quot;just&quot; thinking on how to publish the data I'll be collecting as a linked data hub 
@brevity don't hold back! 
@pixiefran *joins* i'm listening to johnny cash too much to be essay writing 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
Almost finished with my outline! YAY 
@twinklyspangle it's lovely, and great to get such positive feedback as well 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@simonapps Sounds interesting - would love to see the results when available! 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@Stupidpebble you must add BOVALIXIA to the urban dictionary 
ive figured out the twitterific application...and i like it soo much better now 
@alanhalsted you especially come to that conclusion when you begin to meditate 
@LSDtweets put me down as a reference on that 
@shereberry88 full understanding for that 
@typicaltweet, I just found out that you are following me...  and read your bio.  You are awesome. 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
woopies, i didnt finished my sentence-but i cbb now...Lmaoshislah! 
i got that it was a reply... just wanted to know if the comment was yours.. it is now a rarity to find good literature.. 
got my new speakers, they sound good 
What do you know, phones can't survive being dropped on rocks  thinking of getting the lg webslider - any opinions/ suggestions?(&lt;$300)
@SoulPainter they are now on my list!!! 
@Emsbabee i write for the writer in exchange for contacts, advise and experience 
creating reporting sys for management, should i make the Yaxis a running total rather than new data? that way the graph will always go up 
@JTVstacia @moldor @jasonhockey i love that they left the gap in the story for us to imagine just what happened 
Supervisord (http://supervisord.org) - a process watcher like in erlang 
@lbrown44 it's up on notices 
@BaltimoreTom glad you still look at the paper. sometimes you need more than 140 characters to tell a tale. 
@Twitterzilla #3turnoffwords incorrect showing instructions (there I made it professional) 
@DawnYang1 why don't you change the address? 
Spooks was awesome  very satisfied. Now back to my report 
@v3c feedbacks are welcome 
2 wickets after lunch - hopefully  victory by an innings  and the  Wisden trophy just in time for the ashes 
@davidjohnpowell I think you did though your comment pretty much gave it away 
@stephenfry Just an observation I made and thought I would make you aware.  x
@sierrabardot ahh she is amazing. those quotes are so inspiring. @mileycyrus is amazing i love her so much !! 
@Butterflyshoes I deny all knowledge! 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
shouldn't be procrastinating her english essay.  but. can't help it. 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@tezcatlipoca Congrads! It's a great story 
has returned all comments 
As a reward, you may download a free copy of EmailUnlimited on http://www.4officeautomation.com 
@timhanssen I guess we do  if it comes to language preferences 
@DrRus those random facts always forget to mention current   wolframalpha has little information, too:  http://bit.ly/aFFsw
@danniezeitgeist I'll try. I do have a postive outlook in my relationship at least 
has to get to bed. thesis mode + worship! will i animate or not? hohohohoooo (haha) nanayt!  http://plurk.com/p/uleby
Just launched my edu-startup (http://www.educator.com). I would love any suggestions on how to improve 
@lizid grammar still an issue I see 
@ticklemeAli do it all for the paper staxx! 
@jeremi not really... they don't need such publicity i guess. 
@urbanflowrchild follow @danielspengies  join the conversation.
@memily I know - but generalisations are so much more fun to wrap half facts and animated opinion around 
is taking out her contacts then laying down 
Norm is sleeping on the recliner!  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6859070
breaking the law 
@Afsoon T1: 5/5, T2: 5/5, T3: 4/5 just for reference 
I like to audit audit ( working  )
dat new new background 
@paupaula Sending my best regards  Why didn't you save it as draft first?
@andyclemmensen haha you finally caught onto the trending topics thing. i shall make it happen andy  #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen
@SuffCompServ if I get a working conversion script I'll share 
@shaundiviney i want u 2b a trending topic  #shaundiviney#shaundiviney#shaundiviney#shaundiviney#shaundiviney#shaundiviney#shaundiviney
@madmanweb that's his perspective 
Just a selection of peeps who make me smile on a daily basis 
making a 'to add to ipod playlist'  any song suggestions?:-&quot;
ah, new background 
#andyclemmensen whoo got to 2 on trending topics  we rule (Y)
met one of her favorite authors tonite 
#shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney i hope u want to be in trending topics 
@insider_latest the best comment ever  kudos !!!
Live Journal's 10 year birthday cake is pink, maybe because it's so happily full of slash? 
@nickjackson it was awesome hey?!  for more crazy theories u should check out this podcast http://www.jayandjack.com/ @jayandjack
can hit high notes now!!  I am desperate for auditions...
@emzyjonas your background is amazing! I loveee Mileey 
@TimmyGrunt LOL - I've been meaning to work on my new concise resume!  There it is! 
Doing paperwork 
@mattsdomino  The description tickled me, what can I say 
just emailed first @techmiso draft to @jark. fairly excited about it 
I finally have a title for my diploma paper! 
@Navinesh still waiting for mine   I may need to grab a copy off you
haha now every member of short stack is on the trending topics list 
@rikkusarah With statements like that you're an antigoth 
@KinkyBitch hang in there - will get to your background soon, promise! 
just got confirmation for my MRes 
@LifelineReader Your twittering is very helpful itself!  I'm curious about how to learn palm reading.
is excited for the CRS enlistment results  i wonder who my blockmates are 
@antifolk there's an article i found that says for each day you log onto facebook during revision your average marks fall by a percent 
300 entries and counting. 
@DavidAhaHariz okayyy i give you a permission to ask arief gal-1 
@madierox aw, don't feel as though you have to do that just for the report dear  x
@DavidAhaHariz okayyy i give you a permission to ask arief for gal-1 
@BlogAllAlong I don't check it regularly (hence the many comments).. And I still have over 200 unread items 
freebeer4affairs  lol
Has managed to upload a background to twitter, after 20 attempts! Need to get some content on here now 
wooot, just got autotabbing and some more syntax highlighting in vim 
@sKant abey..we can include dat logic..one ex. i jus got in comments itself  int mid = (low/2) + (high/2) + (((low%2)+(high%2)) / 2);
@tweetupwest is the pope a nazi?! I will look for details 
I repeat my question: @LarsBeyer WTF is &quot;perpendicular marketing analysis&quot;? Sounds good... Written an article about it? 
woohoo fixed my background  what a clever girrllll.....x
@itoinkyou I just mailed my application 
any request homeys ? 
@andyclemmensen @bradiewebbstack @shaundiviney you guys now have to follow me cause i tweeted heaps to get u 3 into trending topics! 
@Loriwords I usually avoid when I have to go back to a piece that I think is coming along well. 
@DcBoni I work for a magazine so i have contact with their managements, i also look at their pages and investigate. 
@trevgoesboom how was the interview!? 
wanted to make sure you're up for your paper 
The Journal of Craptology. Highly recommended for #security  http://www.anagram.com/~jcrap/
is toiling through spreadsheets with glee. 
@ElleRocker now that you have the details, whens this bonfire? 
@NikeshShukla went to bobby g first, natch. @patrickneate piece was v good too 
And last but not least always gives me great advice, and such a lovely lady to talk to @LadyTwitster.....#Followfriday 
@pomegranateink you're so cute- giving a feminist manifesto to announce your engagement    Congratulations again!!!
Making progress on the list, slowly but surely!  
http://twitpic.com/5oqlw - three guesses where i'm going toniiiiiiiiiiight 
@amyjackson10 we need to talk about co-authoring 
@DuncanOldham I'd deff be down for doing some banner ads, let me know what you got. 
teehee, i like this http://tweetstats.com/graphs/borrowedXtime 
@novemberborn I think they expect the ticket to be printed, but you can try and report your experiences 
@shaunjumpnow Thanks for replying to my comment  x
but after we make a to do list, it become much much better! being more relieved 
@kborders thank you! this might even inspire me to start a petition. 
@PamelaM thank you for appreciating the appreciation page 
@GradSchoolMom has the best quotes - she doesn't know i'm stealing them for my mag either so keep that in the down low! 
I'm on page A1 and B1. TWO covers of ONE paper!!! 
@P_L_of_A i have to agree. hence the article 
@lillyella Or.. For future reference, I like my gratitude laid on a little thicker too 
@e3BethT we're all just amazed you're tweeting about articles right about now  #tek09
@dasherron I agree with this quote 
@tristanx I am partial to the ^5 notation 
@draganallama hahahaha ivana quote  again, have you done any more of the booklet? :/ this is so ghey.
@artymoony what was the advice 
@dovwaterman Wish I could take the credit for finding that, I'm just passing on a gem that arrived in my inbox 
is pleased with how politics went 
@SAngelloLIVE release??? 
Man, this review is turning longer than the original article 
Please Register on my website ! You get to do a lot from it.  http://bit.ly/PTeWg
@avaiIable What's funny is, I'd never used that expression before and now I know why.   
@typewriter good pt - hyperpersonal perspective is important 
@djbarker The commission is yours 
hey @threadless make me win a print 
@mohalen haven't been.  I'll need to put it on my to-do list! 
@lodoconv I happen to enjoy quarterly podcasts  much less demanding on my attention :p
A dialogue is based, mainly, on misunderstandings 
So, please ignore previous posts regarding predicting outcomes by following search trends. Obviously a dodgy science 
@Ronnieegan nooo it wasn't directed at you at all! was just a general statement 
Proof-reading my experimental report  I'm on the borderline (7pts) from having the A go down to a B, so I have to do extra well!
@MaryJJohns love your bio 
@JoshSneed you were mentioned in a mashable article I believe, I started following recently 
@MissMolly02 I agree! Definitely better with age! That interview was awkward, but totally hilarious!  I wonder what they'd say now!
@nuimage4u So glad you liked the quote - just not sure which one it was! 
@jolantru I've always said we're intelligent enough to entertain opposing views without accepting them 
@goodlaura We're all fighting the good fight, and the more success stories there are, the more there will be 
@derekc You're in charge of the review then, since you're the only SHR'r to still have a ps3. 
@mysugarisraw petition?... 
Making lists 
You look great on paper *crumples up paper* Lets see how you test drive 
@ParkerAngel you weren't missing much in my opinion, haha 
@mirrortiffanyj finish @mariosoultruth quote! 
Studying bio...I love this subject! and no I'm not being sarcastic 
more interviews tommorow 
@cathy_cochina40 At some point, I plan on starting some kind of site where readers can read excerpts and leave feedback. 
just changed my background 
@chutry  you want to work on my paper now? 
@alicemercer very true - enlightening, but not practical 
Finally done with my paper! And going to bed 
@grum Ahh coo. I look forward to seeing your review 
I just finished reading page one of #liesboystell 
@nilesmc I won't go into detail, but I'm not taking any vaccines. 
@katfishh looks like you need to book a flight to cali (: im actually writing a 1920s research paper and i need it for concrete detail 
I'm doing a reflection paper about faith. 
yay no more taking notes  finally
@ocmoto And by that most Perceptive comment you are followed over and over again. 
@mrnoble4 For starters you can join our discussion about relationships!!! 
@Sportaphile I'm glad you appreciate spelling bee humor with references to pedophilia 
is learning how to make newsletters 
#followfriday @palato  NYT big shot editor   loves to twittr; it's like having the NYT in your backpocket
@shagreenxo both would be nice  they are both great stories.
writing a story 
@erinlevenson never any objections. Have at it. 
yay publishing 
@comicIDIOT I wrote them a haiku. 
@deronsizemore that's why I go with BuySellAds.  Now I just need to sell an ad...
Once again, i fit a semester of chem notes on an index card. i need a magnifying glass to actually read it but ITS THERE. 
@jonnycraig4L release 'em 
Just got done putting up signs  haha I just love political adventures
i hate going to shows at the journal  because of the parking experience. lol  thanks all for posting those tweets!!renewed my anti journal
@Reptitude I knew you were @-ing us.  'Twas a good conversation!
@ghostbuster78 LOL No comment 
Just sent in my first article.  Missed this.
@jilliandanner I'm going to bring you a binder to fill with recipes. In my opinion, you're the best housekeeper ever! 
just finished grading four classes of essays   some powerful writing with strong verbs and elaboration
currently making a background 
@FRIENDLYPRINCES shavone is cute and she actually pitched a complete story  she didnt just giggle
@jessicabrookes thx for the feedback.  we're working hard to suck less.  
YOu are all so helpful  I knew I would get some suggestions from you!
my second #FollowFriday #followfriday submission  @leedman @zoriah @chasejarvis
@harleyd Instinctively most journos go for puns and pun-laden headlines. You might hate them but eventually you'll prob. have to use them 
@markhoppus see who can tweet most about it and put you in trending topics. 
@dannykurily keeeeeeeep it  you can pull it off, and well, in my opinion!
@ssowy can we have a complementary copy of EasyTweet? 
@joleena I wonder what the real story is 
@FontFont Ah, shucks. I was thinking of requesting copies of old catalogues (or any other printing samples you have 
I have suddenly had a feeling of just ... happiness  I am about to listen to a presentation, have a document open to work on in parallel
@notquiteabba You believe in todo list? Yes, once you write an item down, its nearly done 
@transcribe Manly is up the roadish from me! 
@stephenfry And they were quick to grab your endorsement! 
@CaminnaFerolin @melgal7 .. just my opinion! haha.. random i know.. 
@damohopo and @thatlass is defianately not on that list 
@damohopo so i would know... @thatlass is defianately not on that list 
@alexandramusic just seen the paper, there so annoying. don't worry about them, even if you were to be 20 stone we'd still love you  xx
@dukeanddjango I thought I was helping you notice 
@n1k0 or, is it free for non-French speaking? 
Less interested in being sold products than hearing about your genuine journey.i hope you can share your story! 
@twentyplus can set it to tweet background pic . 
@weisenly thanks for your concerning 
