Most common words for this cluster:
[('park', 422), ('day', 44), ('today', 33), ('i', 23), ('south', 22), ('http', 22), ('linkin', 20), ('quot', 19), ('tomorrow', 18), ('com', 16), ('jurassic', 16), ('central', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Park', 0.9089670777320862), (u'park', 0.6832048296928406), (u'Griffith_Mortuary', 0.6638022661209106), (u'Prescribed_burn_planned', 0.6563255786895752), (u'Mae_Boyar', 0.6470320820808411), (u'Poas_Volcano_National', 0.6362786293029785), (u'Theatre_Oaklands', 0.6322911977767944), (u'Peach_Bottom_Twp', 0.6308470368385315), (u'Lakeside_Amusement', 0.6308249235153198), (u'Nunns_Creek', 0.630667507648468)]





I don't think I like the Saw ride at Thorpe Park. The tv ad makes me feel sick, so goodness knows what the ride would do. 
@Printenbaby Darling i miss you  We have to watch Jurassic Park, because you got the job ;) u know? xD
Ugh ran around Hyde Park during lunch hr. Haven't run for a month! Thght I was going to die!! 
Rankings dropped for the keyword &quot;Buena Park Businesses&quot; from #5 to #8 
@TerryBlandGodel grew up with Werneth Low large outside my bedroom window, now I do my running round Trafford Park 
Rain + Amusment Park =  #fb
@forager23 We just saw a raccoon in Central Park...everyone says it must be rabid 
@smaknews we use to have an amusement park here that always smelled like vomit.  I miss that park. 
is so upset that i'm sick because I wanted to run on the beach at Asbury Park tommorow 
Boo - I finally have a Sunday free and head to Hyde Park to try some #inlineslalom but no ones here 
chris pratt is on parks &amp; recreation??? Misses everwood 
Perfect spring day. We tried to go to Emirgan Park park to see the tulips, but there wasn't any parking. Spent three hours in the car 
Just  ran a 4 miles race in Central Park.  28mins 17secs - 17secs slower than my personal record   But hey I get to drink Jamba Juice now.
miss good old St James and Green Park, especially when the daffs are out   Have a great show
@Schofe miss good old St James Park and Green Park, especially when the daffs are out  Have a fabby show today . .  from down under
Catching up on all the South Park episodes I missed this seasons.. which is all of them  sigh
WHERE WERE YOU  for the  Jamison Park Tweetup @pearlgirl ? 
What's with this whole not sleeping thing? Watching both Clueless and Jurassic Park 3 between commercials. 0 stress and still 0 sleep.. 
...I hate to say it, but I think I hate Wicker Park now.  
Honor Society show is tonight at Hershey Park, PA..... Man I wish I was there. 
Not a good day for Waterfront Park.  Need to come up with Plan B. It may involve the mess in this room I'm looking at.
is at 345 Park today 
just laying in bed watching South Park and trying to sleep 
@SuperSammie16 its so depressing. Especially since we got completely rained out of Busch Gardens yesterday and had to leave early. 
Think I'm going 2 go 2 the Cinco de Mayo Fiesta at Centennial Olympic Park today. Cinco won't be the same w/ out the LS's though 
I'm going to fall asleep watching South Park now, and I hope that I forget my abysmal day 
Que cagada que Kenny este hablando en South Park 
just had bakers. now at the park. silenceee. 
@christinerose That's too bad  I'll tell my friend who lives near Crocker Park to come meet you if she can.
On route to Wickstead Park. Sam preferred that I didn't drive the new car today 
Just come back from Sranley Park and am now locked out of house  Someone come save me!!
Walking back from Fairway grocery run to find Riverside Park across from our building is ON FIRE.  Aaaah!  Good luck firefighters. Smoky. 
South Park is parodying The Watchmen right now. Too bad I have to to to bed. I awake in 6 hours. 
@drewbeingcool Haha I did  It's like the South Park Wal-mart episode, the bargains just keep enticing me more &amp; more.
is home from work, his poor relief got pulled over on her way to work  throat hurts, should prolly stop singing Linkin Park...
my body is aching from the long walk and climb at Hells Gate National Park. i can barely move 
Noooo!!!! It's raining today! And we have to walk around Arlington National Cemetary 
@konabayfabrics MQS is going on at the Overland Park, KS Convention Center, but I can't go until Saturday cuz I have to work 
I'm walking through battersea park and I must have eaten like 100 flies by now. It's full of then 
I just read one of the elephants at Brookfield Zoo passed away &amp; it got me all weepy. I &lt;3 elephants! 
Working the AlDS Walk in Central Park on a injured foot.. 
Not going to the park now weather is bad 
Going to spend the day at Love-In art festival at Greynolds Park but bummed bc Chloe can't come! 
Im watching &quot;South Park&quot; I should be working on my Chemistry Final review but I dont know how to do it! 
Jaywalking pedestrian killed on Park Ave. http://tinyurl.com/qv3kvp (via @ctvmontreal) What a horrible accident 
Just got a call from Prof.Park. Too bad I had to turn his offer down to sing&amp;translate for the music tour in LA during summer 
Playground for today  http://twitpic.com/5exrf
@Jessmsmell i forgot south park 
Quick dash to Richmond Park for a couple of laps...much slower than usual, feeling the 2 weeks fieldwork break I think 
@kerplunker Thanks for the #followFriday love! I saw you @ Park St. but I was running to an audition.  Stalk u near the beach this summer?
is going to Cards game tomorrow and my pool opens! and I have to study all Memorial weekend 
i am so so exhilerated right now! we were at the park and @AubreyBCox and i just saved a scared white lab  ohmgodness!
Eden Nature Park's Sesame dressing is heaven. It's love. It's amazing. Haha! :p My supply is slowly diminishing. 
hittin the sheets... alone again  @ Cypress Gardens Ln &amp; Forest Walk Dr http://loopt.us/B1DMhg.t
My brother is left alone with my computer during the day and suddenly Last.fm says i've listened to week's worth of Linkin Park 
RIP Robin from the Washington Park library 
Field day is sad. No ribbons for me. 
Leo Carillo Beach and WIll Rogers State Park are on the list of State Parks that might close      http://tinyurl.com/lhq8gs
Another Lake Park kid is going to Tulane. I'm not unique anymore 
@portugepunk fun who did you go with??? Another park no invite!  LOL
At the park!  Its raining! 
The new Maximo Park is disappointing. 
@2jules7 You usually sleep in a park? That's odd and dangerous Jules 
my night isn't a total bust, Jurassic Park is on, thanks TV ... I'm also seriously considering the Dr. in the AM ... I hurt 
@oliviamunn Haha, my girlfriend almost ran you over crossing the street on Park around 6pm and was sad she didn't know it was you. 
FYI... Henry Coe Park is on the gov's budget hit list. 
The car says 22deg on Stafford Park in Telford, should be outside rather than stuck indoors doing end of year stuff 
anywoo, it's only $ right? right?  off to a &quot;Day at the Races&quot; with the Masons @ Monmouth Park
@PaulaCoMayo Just heard a roar there.  Not Far from Kings Park Avenue.
@happn_in_chi I love Oak Park! I grew up there! I miss my friends there 
So sad I'm not in Manning Park 
regretting not wearing sunscreen today, spent 6 hours walking round Kew Gardens during a mini heatwave. Healthy glow is an understatement 
My car still sucks more than before. To ignore it I am walking thru White Park alone  Very Central Park of WV if I do say so.
Done all 11 Greenwich Park gate geocaches this afternoon.  Only failed to find one 
Added &quot;grabit&quot; drill bits to my tools, but it appears this Park allen tool head is too hard for the grabit to drill into 
Division Fest...all up in Wicker Park tonight! Last shindig gin night in the Chi 
Stuck at train station in Menlo Park for an hour since  it doesn't come til 12:30 
@tomlambe we cant go to hyde park we're not in london  x
still hasnt left for the park and might cry soon as i have to be back for 3 
Waiting in the queue for Park + Ride yet again. Diffrence this time: it's raining 
going to prospect park for going away party 
Always Open fail in Wicker Park!   http://twitpic.com/6c8v7
God I feel like shit. Never watch Jurrasic Park 3 at 1 AM, i had nightmares! 
It's too early  at gg park
@ArlingtonRacing is it nice n sunny over there?  It's supposed to b overcast and drizzly all wk here.  fate of Hollywood Park sounds grim 
Popped a bike tire coming into Patterson Park. Now I have the shameful walk back home to fix it 
Oulton Park was lots'a fun. And ty for the help wid ma dream @yosoyian =]. I got a stupid Maths test tomorrow 
I wanted to watch the Jurassic Park trilogy four days ago. Haven't watched it yet. 
Dead musician's party last night in Echo Park, I went as BabyJane Hudson &amp; wore slippers, stepped in dog shit and left them in the street 
@mefries Hours lost in the parks   I am so sorry!
Correction - Lake Forest Park Bar and Grill not Lake City. 
After a day of cycling, culture and sunning in Tatton Park yesterday, the prospect of a small claim at Southport today is pretty grim 
just got home from NY   Watching South Park now...I wish I could sleep!
I want to be back in the park again 
@Megan_Park oh man that does suck! i hope you get some sleep 
@Megan_Park  dont you wish our bodies/mind went to sleep when we wanted it too!
@kmackvonerck We're in Park Slope!  Come visit!    Also, I know the bike feeling--it's great while riding, then you feel like death. 
Oh man I'm gonna miss Fab on 106 &amp; Park 2night! 
How awful! I love Palmer Park for local hikes with my kids  http://tinyurl.com/ks6d63
@kerrysholicar has banned the unicycle from the park 
mission accomplished..Zara had a great deal on the jumpsuit I was looking for...people watching wasn't so exciting at Bryant Park 2day 
Finishing up another busy day at Pool Heights - we have swallows nesting in our backyard - out amongst the smokers  - exciting for us
Going to the park with little jared. And i can't even let @marcuselzey know.  because i can't talk to him.
Dolores Park with Rocky - I liked Dolores Park Cafe but snooty waitress wasnt so into Rocky 
Missed the Lake Park High School 20 year reunion.  Hope y'all had fun - anything good?
@mathiel THEY SHOULD! I'm wishing for a South Park ride though. 
i don't what i am supposed to do  mad bored! on linkin park network (:
i am as board as a miget at a theme park 
@gunkanator damn. I never could parallel park either. that's why I never learned to drive. 
Making deposits and such (bleh) then heading to Busch Gardens!! (but how much longer will it actually be Busch Gardens?) 
Everyone is saying come to Hyde Park but I can't  I've really got to crack on with this college stuff.
@Alow8111 ??? No ~ guy on South Park....  poor puppy 
Steve Wiebe never made it  Saw ducklings this morn at Kelvingrove Park amidst all the rubbish left by inconsiderate bastards- pick it up!!
Today is the last day of school with the kiddos.  Field day full of outdoors activities in 90+ degree heat.  
Away tomorrow on a residential course on coaching for performance at Staverton Park. They best have Wifi access 
Road traffic accident at Brislington Park &amp; Ride causing delays to Service X39 
@mannynorte cool, Colchester...my town! alas I am going to Thorpe Park in the morning so wont be out tonight 
Totally bummed. Just gave my landlord my notice  I love my crazy, crumbly Wash Park house!
@deathxbat have fun at the park, it's still raining here 
Spoke today w/ the whole school @ St. Anne's in Hyde Park, Boston. Their school is closing.  Each student got a copy of &quot;The North Star&quot;.
Sad. Rain is going to ruin the Opera in the Park plans... 
@danstwitter @selenamarie @NYCtoPDX @johnpkoenig Thanks! 5 blocks east of Pix/5th Quad, near Irving Park. Still waiting to hear on offer 
All of the animals at the Wild Animal Park look like Rocky to me  I miss you puppy! (Not you, Troy. Stop reading this)
hates how the AA rummage sale is all the way at Boca Park. 
Thanking Paul that he doesn't live in Virgina Park, haha. Drinking with some random's, wishing the guy in the corner was gay! 
We. Just. Saw. Miss. Park. Hurst. 
So, no Busch Gardens tomorrow   I don't particularly care for people who say they're going to do something, then back out.  Not cool.
@Silver_Craig Oh, see, that's like Asbury Park, NJ.  Broke my heart to lose the Palace and the Midway.  And then Long Branch as well. 
Yorkshire Sculpture Park cancelled because of the rain!  going swimming at Sketchly Grange instead..!
@SandiMon @mr_billiam Chirnside Park was nice - great views of the Yarra Valley. Wasn't there long and Twitter was down so no reports 
@JenniRox No, Allen Park is not close to me. 1-1/2 hrs away 
Wishing I could go to the Counting Crows consert Sept 3 in Central Park. 
i wish the rain would stop so I could go to Arts in the Park.  I have been looking forward to it all week. 
2 weeks straight in a row and no new episodes of Office, Dollhouse, Parks-n-Recreation, my name is earl  ...whats happening
Punchdrunk in the park rained off. 
Lawn is mowed!  Now I get to vacuum 
Just put my baby girl on the church bus headed to Yogi Bear Park in Madison   I hope she has fun!  #fb
@TY Park... Cutting watermelon, looks like rain is showing up soon 
Point Park &amp; Battlefield is no longer free   http://twitpic.com/6r3ro
But I liked his collaborations with Linkin Park... aaahh... I can't wait for LP's another album...  I miss you LP....
Done! Dont know about this Grant Park thing the sky looks like its about to open up 
I never been to central park 
At Prairie Park Nature Center. Someone just hit a fawn near the wetlands and brought it in. It's dying. 
I missed the free ice cream @ Friendlys  Oh well..headed to the Menlo Park Mall with my Mama! If you're there holla!
@beeslay alice! freya and claire are making me watch Jurasic Park  it shit me up! wwaaaaaaaaaahhh help mee?
Ups! Short power breakdown in the hotel (Cliffrose Lodge, near Springdale and the Zion National Park)... now rain and thunder 
@slowjo  Beetlejuice .I dont have living   But I do have J Park 1,2 and 3 on DVD, I am a suggestible buddy... may just have to watch again
Not looking forward to a good 9 hours at One Park West tomorrow! Not nice weather to be stood in a tshirt 
watching Jurassic Park with a sunburn.. 
I wish I were still at the park! 
http://twitpic.com/6swje - What drought? Lawn gettin brown had 2 
Off to Bletchley Park (#BPark) again today......in the rain.... 
Today's ups: Mariners game &amp; Gasworks Park w' the family! Downs: Sims 3 still goes boom on otherwise rock-solid PC after driver updates. 
getting ready for training session at Bedok Stadium. 
#london Be warned, the 106 is no longer a night bus. I waited nearly an hour at Fins. Park last night before I realised! 
Safari Park was awesome! :L Skale the morra  rarrrrrrrr
is at Shiloh Park. Last day of camp meeting 
@TrinitaApplebum girl  and its the last one at Giants Stadium .
Lawn time 
Twitteando desde Heaton Park. Neta no 
is listening to the new Linkin Park song.  Crap.
Laying in bed because I'm sick while Taylor and Stefani are laying out in Central Park... 
On a rock in Central Park this morning. I didn't find the lake they ice skate on tho  http://twitpic.com/6v41j
@SimlpeeAasha luckyy i want to go to the park 
and then everyone got lost and died!... except for me...  stupid phone!... I wanna go to Jurassic Park land...
@zoe__ MML was amazing the Zutons ROCKED!!!!! I would love them to get Yellowcard or Linkin Park to play but I dought that would happen 
2nd night, eating out, asian food. I cook better than this shite. Not lazy; avoiding the LOUD Linkin Park from my neighbor's speakers 
@hermajesty24 Thanks ass for replying to my text. I wanted to see if you could go to Splashtown tomorrow. 
Wishes he wasn't in work when everyone is partying over the road in Bute Park 
@Jess_GeekSquad really? I wanted to go Alton Towers as well  Guess I'll go Thorpe Park instead!
Alive is coming up this week!  And from what I heard through the grapevine, this will be the last one at Clay's Park! 
Great morning, last night was fun. Show today in Bristol, Steeles Creek Park at 11:45 to 7pm. $10. Wish my dad could follow me on twitter 
Boot camp this morning kicked off at 6 a.m. in the rain at Beall Park ~ I got dirty  @murgatroy
I found my (@andrewdearling) Rounders &amp; Softball sets today  shame you cant BBQ in Hyde Park 
Really pleased Quarriers will be at #T in the Park this year. Pity I can't go though 
Damn, I knew I should have bought a Blur Hyde Park ticket - for some reason I wasn't bothered at the time but I really want to go now 
Cruel poisoning?  http://bit.ly/zBNnL Cats and birds dying at Bayshore Park Condo  SPCA is investigating.
At work till 4  @ Hecksher State Park http://loopt.us/ZeCXJA.t
@DHStom No way, not till someone releases a game with the Adams Family and Jurassic Park tables in it. Real tables are dying out anyway. 
Rain clouds over Harlem are apocalypse now ... I'll be so sad if Bryant Park movie night is rained out 
@Megan_Park me too  i hope your day gets better
@Megan_Park hopefully soon blah  i hope your day gets better!
@Megan_Park that bad  i hope it gets better for you before the day ends
@Megan_Park awwwww  I hope you cheer up soon
@alextrafford Would love to spend the day with you, but definitely not in Thorpe Park 
Fall out boy and Linkin Park are going to be playing at Macau too 
I'm part of the largest crowd ever at Huntington Park. Too bad the Clippers are losing. 
we can't find the second jurassic park 
@carriegisaac We used to take family vacations to a friend's cabin in Estes Park.  So nice... They sold it.  
@starfocus closest thing i have to a backyard is Angeles National Forest. which is pretty wonderful, but an hour away-not at my doorstep 
@CorbSilverthorn That's what I'm talking bout! Eff the Suxs!!! Cubs all day baby! What part? I lived in Rogers Park. I miss it aweful! 
At Bottle Tree Park (farm/park/playground?) now with family. @JoeAugustin hard at work at home tho 
I need an amusment park 
@smrtgirl they didn't stop in Churton Park. 10 degrees in my bedroom!!!! 
@LukePritch I really loved your performance at Rock Im Park! But you guys didn't play Seaside  Fortunatly I heard it two years ago!!
watched South Park the movie again after 4 years and didn't find it as funny as I did before. guess that mean's I'm getting old 
Man, I was *THAT* close to making it out of here without being directly affected by the shithole that is East Winter Park. 
Amusement Park hangover.  Work 12 to 9
Went to Lone Elk Park and the bird sanctuary with Olivia and Nolan.  The bisen wern't around  http://twitpic.com/7k5xj
@TheFemGeek it would be nice to do Movies in the Park tonight, were it not for the rain 
hasn't had any REAL ice cream today  Just a softie in Hyde Park...
went to Canobie Lake Park today. had fun, but i scraped my knee. 
i wanted to go to party in the park 
I'm going on strike because they aren't making a Jurassic Park 4  sniffle sniffle 
@MDeFunk We dream of the days at Leesylvania Park... duh. 
Stuck at Wembley Park. Train broken 
Gutted I got rid of my Oasis tickets for tonight.....and my T in the Park tickets!!  2009 is over for me 
Hope it's going to be like this for T in the Park 
Didn't win Shakespeare in the Park tickets.  On to Plan B...whatever that may be...
@callmeShane whaaaat? from the park? 
going to the ball park and then baby sitting later!!! 
Ah I am now in da hood.  Funkytown between 16th and 22nd on Oak Park in my lovely Berwyn I'll. 
not a fan of the new linkin park song i just heard 
@TheEllenShow I saw Damen @ Jokes n Notes last Friday in High Park area. I will be missin all the comedy shows  No cable either 
500th consecutive sellout at Fenway Park! That's not gonna help with ticket prices . . .  
@snightengale How was play time in Wash Park? Sad I missed out! 
http://www.last.fm/music/Alex%2B%2526%2BSam/_/Central+Park Makes me wish I was there 
Had a fun day at Stanley Park (but I think it made my arms darker again  ) and had a yummy Wings at Legends Pub
I wish I was at the wildlife park 
School is suspendeeeddd. Oh no. No Ocean Park tomorrow.  fails.
last day at Plays in the Park 
ps I am so regretting (in this moment) that I didn't go for the Linkin Park concert two years ago BOOOO 
@foiledcupcakes Tinley Park  @cthompson9 can you call and figure out how we obtain ...
Field trip  downtown
@bobryuu hey man!  The show is actually at the Park Grill, near the bar area there.  And we will have shirts!  Hopefully no rain 
Wants to go to the park and go on the new zip wire but it's raining 
Hey guys, my m8 has taken drugs and he was reli scarey in the park...i wanted to hug him  he fancies me 2,what to do? x
Jurassic Park theme is stuck in my head now. 
Finally won the virtual lottery for tickets to Shakespeare in the Park tonight. Rainy, rainy tonight. 
@laanykidsmom sorry to have missed you at Tunnel Park today...but I heard 1 of the 4 is sick 
Field trip over  back to the office
at the park playing tennis. i suck. 
@ThisIsRobThomas LOVED you guys at Marymore Park in WA state! Too bad the mic went out during Mraz's freestyle 
is very much saddened by the fact that there are now roller coasters in Lowry Park Zoo 
@cjcubs Battery Park also takes you near South Street Seaort and what remains of the Twin Towers. 
I miss good Linkin Park 
They've closed the Snake Park, now The Bird Park is next... (money matters) What next? soon there will be no place to take our children. 
My T in the Park ticket just arrived  can i please go to a festival this year!
Anybody needing a T in the Park ticket this year? after last weekend i have to sell mine 
@aspiringcouture We don't get Starbucks (yet?)   Hopefully they're brewing #Oakridge Mall
@jlwgreg wow I kind of hate you right now...more rain headed our way up on Park Ave 
Playing with the kids and wanting to go to Busch Gardens. 
Park under some shade and get pooped on 
@heycaitie I'm gonna be at the Kingfisher Park from 7pm to 7am walking. 
@JymNBC4 Your forecast scares me. Sounds like it might ruin Rockin' in the Streets (Pride Festival) at Goodale Park tonight 
Sitting in Union Square Park waiting for my haircut appointment at 3,  last day of rainfree sunshine ugh...storms tomorrow all day 
@MidtownLunch Thanks! Def going there next time...I ended up at a hole in the wall Japanese place near Bryant Park...not so good 
@sterling_m He should have came home to Villa Park. We love him. 
meu mp3 player virou radinho de pilha pequeno com Linkin Park e Point of no Return na memoria!  #morreu
Our show at Crocker Park was rained out  we will play there in September.  Show tomorrow at Cain Park at noon!  Come on out!
No one on Orange Park wants to fix my tattoo.... they just wanna put a $200.00 cover over it 
can't go to Bush Gardens 
After all ur Luna Park stories we couldn't go cos of rain  Ended up at Little Dynamo's. Advice- Don't go there on a rainy Saturday.
@MarkkkkkyyyMark I am not going to Disneyland  That's why me and you are going to Castle Park instead. Cuz we're poor like that.
Seems Phoenix tix for Central Park gig is sold out per TM? Sadness. Guess I'll have to wait for next time, if there is one.  Total BUMMER!
@pcsketch Yeah - the Chicago Lollapalooza in Grant Park will be a scene to make in August. Looks like I'll have to settle for San Diego 
I went on a picnic with my awesome big sister tonight.  Lagoon Park Trail, my Dad forgot the camera 
Train in Kings Park is 11 minutes late. 
African festival in Sefton Park - I can hear it from bed. It's saying 'Get up! Come play!!' - alas I have a mate's showreel to edit... 
@Nadrah_ I love National Parks! I don't mind the heat, just the tan 
wants to go to Lady GaGa's concert in Singapore. 12th August, Fort Canning Park! 
At Willowbrook Mall but I'm not shopping though. 
At Willowbrook Mall but I'm not shopping. 
I want to go to shakespeare in the park 
jurassic park is scary 
I am at the Park right now with the cuzs kinda bored cause they are to lil to like really play! Man I just want a good game of basketball 
Walking over to Fenway Park... Rain stay away! Just heard Mike Lowell has the night off 
@skateparks Probably Delaware Skate Park in Ohio, but I jacked up my knee so I probably wont skate 
beautiful Rocky Mtn Natl Park hike plus some fun fishing on the moraine today, but we're now rained out of Estes campsite, headed home 
It's official Glacier Natl. Park is the most beautiful place EVER!!!  9 day road trip is almost over 
misses everyone from my school since the last day of &quot;school&quot; at Golden Gate Park. 
Watching Jurassic Park. Already scared 
I'm hosting Singtel show till 9pm in Fort Canning Park.. Omg! I'm hving fever 
Had such a busy and productive day yesterday. Today, well plans are to go swimming at Brockwell Park Lido but it doesn't look too warm 
Off out for a run in Sutton Park. Looks like rain though 
We are off to Irchester Country Park in a bit, well depending on whether I can shift my headache. 
Rainy 5 miler in the Park...shoes are already soaked 
Today, the best concert ever is one year ago. Linkin Park live in Munich..i will never forget! 
Lost at tennis tournament in Park Homes because my partner didn't show up. Pretty frustrating. 
Eat n Park forgot my ice cream for my grilled stickies...  
@mjwitzig &quot;PNC Park is the only place where the citizens of Pittsburgh leave the team alone.&quot;  Oh, ouch.  
got a record player for fathers day and i'm finally listening to my Pearl Jam Drop in the Park album. This thing skips A LOT!! 
ohhh feck not long till T in the Park  the joys!!
Just got home from the Bronx Zoo EXHAUSTEDDDD !!!!  then a midterm tonight kill me now !!!!!!
Cadwell Park Lap record 1m:31s .... My best lap today 1m:58.9s....  im tired and my bike kept rearing its head at every bend
@jmerriman good luck on your apt. search! Good places in Hyde Park are hard to find 
@madcase sigh I thought maybe 106 &amp; Park had a good video on, tryin to catch up on pop culture for the month  failure
No Dorney Park tomorrow unless I feel a whole lot better, which is prob not gonna happen. 
@Megan_Park i'm on the east coast and already saw it! it was ah-mazing, but sooooo sad. like i wanna go get under the covers and cry 
@Megan_Park I've been trying to watch it since it started at 8, but my family keeps yelling and I can't hear it. 
@Megan_Park  i saw it! It was amazing.Except for that one part,it was really sad  
I don't want to go to work today  stayed up too late watching South Park.
@allergist Aww! So you won't go on Jurassic Park with me?  hehe
@Megan_Park show was great, So sad for grace though  I know she'll get thru this.
Power outage in South Park. So much for that unsaved file. 
Leaving the boring park.  I didnt even swing 
Still pouring rain in Thornton Park 
@authorjjhebert My favorite local bookstore WAS Vertigo Books in College Park, MD, but it went out of business recently 
@FyrelyteGuitar aww. Park. You make me feel better. I'm open to driving. it's been like almost six years since I seen you! 
Was going to Thorpe Park... but I'm not now. 
Still awake  watching cool in your code on nyc tv. This episode is about Park Slope. Did yall kno yall had a super hero store?!
I never thought I'd hate a Jane Austen book. But Mansfield Park is awful. It may be one of the few books I won't bring myself to finish. 
Canvi de lloc instantani--&gt; Regent's Park [...] No funcionaaaaaaaaaaa 
OOOOO - Paul McCartney is going to be at Piedmont Park.  Bet I can't afford tickets. 
Still 104 days 14 hours 55 minutes to the next new South Park 
Went to Oak Park Fireworks lastnight. Branden was too young to go  mi baby
teacher race started. peel Park out hydraulic failure.failure.  #cmim
peel Park out  5 laps to go #cmim
Working in College Park today 9-5. I hate new places 
@donniewahlberg for 2 hours yesterday I had won 8th row tickets to Tinley Park but then they took them back. 
@dannywood won 8th row to Tinley Park and then 2 hours later they were taken from me.  How crushing  
Park Village 36E is basically all packed up  sad sad times... but happy happy drinking times soon 
OMFG - is the weather forecast for central London tomorrow for real?! Heavy chuffin' showers?! I'm 'posed to be rocking out in Hyde Park! 
@madeofstone I love the Town Center but going to the Huntington Mall today since its on my way. Shucks the falafel 
At Watsessing Park out for a run. My Nike+ sensor isn't working!   http://bit.ly/2tGiB
Wishes it were so hot out so we could go play at the park 
I have finally decided to not renew my season Ticket, No more trips to Ewood Park every other weekend 
@KnightOwl89 Sounds good,  I wish i could have done it but I'm determined to find them in the park. They better be in there!
Is going to a theme park 
is getting ready to go to hyde park 
Going for a run through the marina, downtown and then Balboa Park with Holly 
@WeJustGotBack I'm in Clifton Park. (I'm also @cutestkidever) 
Ravenna Park is beautiful at night! Also, the drunk homeless ppl here are very nice. 
Hershey Park! 
weekend off! tickets are now available for our show @ Santa Fe in College Park next weekend 
@n8s8e Headed to Park Slope today myself, meeting some friends.   It is def nice out.
Wonderful day out! Greenwich Park is great, and even went on the boating lake with my daughter. Memories of my own childhood 
@teenbizcoach I would trade places I think... It's a beautiful day on Park Ave though, so I suppose it could be worse! 
is going to picnic in Central Park today 
Park and Movie with Amanda 
At Veternans Memorial Park in Shakopee. We like it here. The boys are going to fish... or at least drop a line in the water 
going to castle park... 
Going to spend some time at the Dinner on the Ave event in Winter Park with my parents. Should be fun!   http://bit.ly/1rR9r
Watching South Park 
Como Zoo was amazing today! So nice outttt! Now I'm watching &quot;Madagascar 2&quot; 
Watching the latest South Park episode, Season 13, Episode 6! Will tweet at the end if it's good 
@HappiForever they want to turn the woods into a park tho- a stupid park. its so lame. we're all fighting back  woo!
@jonfine It really was a beautifil NYC day - walked from 103rd and Central Park to Columbus Circle  Gawjuss!
sounds like I should've hit C'ville both nights.  There's still Hershey Park 
Photos from today's grand opening of the Savannah Trail at Coyote Bear County Park.  Yes, there are caches on it (now).  
G'night tweeps. Little league day with the little skunk and the Giants tomorrow at At&amp;T Park 
Playground for kids &amp; free wifi for parents  #silampari #bogor - http://twitpic.com/3l1y4
Off to the Rhino and Lion Park 
Having a quiet night in. Going to watch something in Japanese but undecided so far. Maybe Jurassic Park 
Some photos from Riverside Holiday Park and a video of a rabbit  Swimming pool looks fab! http://fti-bus.co.uk/blog/?p=267
Is @ the park 
http://twicli.com/a7ufo 2 photos me in the park 
@ChiaLynn  you're  right ... I am planning for a sleigh ride party  Memorial day weekend, myself 
Golden Gate Park then Haight and Ashbury .... No room for complaints today 
Today: Merrick Park w/ Ana 
I'm at Hershey Park FTW 
At earth day in Balboa Park 
Heading home from a fun afternoon dancing rueda &amp; salsa at Hyde Park on a loverly sunny day. Ahh the feeling of summer approaching! 
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/3mljx - It's good alright, but it doesn't beat Croke Park 
Train tickets for Nottingham just came  Anyone else going to see McFly at Sherwood Pines Forest Park on June 20th?
Munching in the park 
Went running in Regents Park London before the usability course. Ready to rock and roll 
Just found out that a jurrasic park 4 is in the works 
Very happy. Many contracts to sign  Alles gut, willkommen aus Victoria Park Village!!! xxx
Can't wait for Thorpe Park tomorrow!!! And festival Sat  xxx
@WendyCulpepper wow!  that's pretty awesome   if anything could get me to Prospect Park it's the promise of you and all those fireworks!
is watching some of &quot;The Lost World: Jurassic Park&quot; then bed and proms tomorrow. 
@kukibee come to Boot Camp! 11am lightwoods Park.. better than the gym!! 
Enjoying the cool breeze under a sunny sky at Kowloon Park! How relaxing! 
http://twitpic.com/4e8c4 - Another bike ride to Avenham Park, another healthy meal for me &amp; @iamtheboy 
Linkin Park Fan Topic 
is gonna mozey off into Caerdydd with Daniel, probably taking in the delights that is Roath Park 
I finally am getting the South Park and Family guy series!!! Life is beautiful! 
I want to go to Park, ride a bunch of rides, and eat cotton candy and what ever comes next lol 
Park!  Good to see him scoring. 
2 nil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good old Mr Park 
My little brother just told me that he doesn't like &quot;Linkin Gardens&quot;... hmm, special 
going to play in the park 
has been for a long walk at Oakwell Park with the girls. They are all tired out, and I am going to make a stir fry in a mo 
I have two extra holes in my ears! Also, I am having a picnic and booze in Regents Park 
I'm out before John. Walk in Shaw Park? Uh yeah!  Subjects weren't too bad. Lit was fun!
At Longwood Gardens for the day with @melissacell and the guys! The sun just started to come out 
I miss the park and ducks 
enjoyed her walk through the park 
not only am i watching Jurassic Park... but i'm watching the VHS of jurassic park.... my oh my i love being old skool! 
was standing in the park, wondering why frisbees look bigger the closer they get... And then it hit her! 
@stephenfry Phoenix Park is the biggest Urban Park in europe and is bigger than all of London's parks stuck together-Dublin bus Tour fact 
What a glorious day in The Park.  http://twitpic.com/4h1u1
Having fun at Busch Gardens this weekend 
In St James's Park having a birthday picnic in the sunshine  Pink champagne, strawberries and chocolate mini rolls x
is watching South Park. Looking foward to seeing the Sasquatch Assault with Don and Murph 
Goin to Sunset Park.....gettin all dolled up 
@GSKitty and it is, but I now also have a place in Alpine, TX right above Big Bend National Park so you can make it a BBG trifecta 
@mycutykoala You gotta read Mansfield Park! 
@womensweardaily I saw them in Central Park last Saturday.  You could tell they were very much in love!  
early morning on the beach in Rogers Park... mmm 
had the best time at Busch Gardens with old and new friends! 
@stammyc3 Oh my, yes: South Park has genius writing! A short production timeline lets them parody current events with extreme precision! 
@CarlGriffith Rochester Park somewhere ? 
Listening (and kinda singing along) to Linkin Park... 
Healing Arts Fest @ Balboa Park+http://tinyurl.com/bnr27e for dinner=A sunday well spent 
Was driving down Park Street and saw this beggar, crying. Apparently, I saw him at the exact same location exactly one year ago, crying. 
YAHOO! volleyball, hiking, eating a fish eye, witnessing, sleeping on the beach, jumping rocks, &amp; hanging where Jurassic Park was filmed! 
&quot;No more sorrow&quot;! by: Linkin Park.... 
@shbbll Video a challenge when shot in not-so-scenic conference room with no mic, but thank you  Loved your Grant Park house &amp; DOGS!!!
In Whin Park on the swings, victory is all mine right now 
@gpsrunner awesome run report!   Did you see the bald eagle on the lighthouse?  That was their hangout when I last ran Discovery Park.
Beautiful day  Northwest River Park for Mother's Day then movie night. Church tomorrow is going to be insane! I can't wait 
@Dr_Jared I thought of u man!  The city had a parade for him too. He threw out the first pitch for the Brewers game at Miller Park too.
Tiesto in Vicky Park - how excellent 
I saw Thirst which is korean movie made by chan-wook Park . this movie isn't hard but good 
Some religious thing down by the temple at Palmer Park.  Loads of food for passers by, samosa and some orange sweets 
can't wait to thorpe park  TOMORROW 
#StarTrek @ Metropolitan Park Twin Theatre 9:30 
@Jonasbrothers Oh, I forgot about the Parthenon in Centennial Park. We'd have to stop there, too 
I had a great day today at Gowan Park in #yeg with T &amp; C, you guys always make me laugh 
G'night&lt;33 Field trip tomorrow 
time to soak in hot pools    Aquatic Park :: Parakai Geothermal Springs http://is.gd/zDAk
@japinthegap mmm, no, but i think i've been to that one 'n it's good too! this one is in Monterey Park 
One of the Mannerheim's Park old drunkards yelled something about project management. Clearly a former team leader from Nokia. 
@pollygon headed to Shades State Park. Not exotic, but first camping trip for the big guy.  
Off to north park 
back from the park it was fun hanging out with the amigos 
@GoSacramento I live in Cameron Park and will follow you if not bs 
@create4you Wow, thanks!  I kinda love it, too. January in Central Park. Enjoyed your thrilling &quot;cat vs.bird&quot; photo series!
At Charlies house, just went to Thorpe Park!!!  so fun xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@denniskruyt yes, hope for snshine  visit the Dongtan wetland, Xisha Wetland, Dongping National Forest Park, Gao`s Villa
@kevcecil If I had a cap on I would doth it too you sir! Jolly well done!  Park up and a cream tea now?
Central Park run = 6 miles 55 minutes ... amazing experience  #NYC #glasgowhalfmarathon
@jennsunn Linkin Park, Try it out.. you'll love it  so motivating for some reason
Kickball at Armstong Park @2:30. Come one come all. 
Crandon Park Beach w @ohzsnaapandres nd Faith. After, her place. Miss you too Ryan 
Showering. Coffee and Grant Park with an old, old friend. Thennnnn.. yeah 
Headed to Park Slope to play 
Going to Kew Gardens for day out with sketchbook 
Watching Jurassic Park and texting Brianna. 
South Park rulzz... Eric Cartman FtW !! 
@sunnyknight12 he has to realize twitter is more like Speakers Corner of Hyde Park and not a chat window 
@djenkinsltd  try screenface, they do theatre and tv make up...there's one on Monmouth Street  and another off of Westbourne Park rd 
Just come back from an amazing weekend at Center Parcs in Sherwood Forest. Weather changey, swimming pool amazing, location pleasant 
Shout out to the Friends of Morningside Park for keeping it looking so STRIKING! Love the PETUNIAS! 
Just got some new Homies.  From series #11.  And some more of the Trailer Park ones too....  
I love Linkin Park 
Taking a &quot;mental health day&quot; today! so excited about it too!! 3-4 miles at Memorial Park, lunch at Picnic, then an afternoon movie 
Off to the park. 
Field trip to Mendon Ponds Park this morning and rollerskating this afternoon. What could be better? 
@SamChampion Look at you all sharp dressed man in Central Park 
The Bletchley Park programme is finished, and I got some good news, and lovely feedback, about another project too. Feeling very cheery 
@wendygunderson  from Memorial day to labor day we have half day fridays. It's really a nice way to enjoy the summer!
Taking a student biking at Myrick Park this am - I love summer.....and my job 
@delightfuldiva Prospect Park 
@JoshBkelley Hey Josh, just wanted to let you know the Lincoln Park Zoo event in chi-town is not free. It says on your myspace it is. 
Yay. South Park before bed. 
Listening to some Abney Park before bed. 
Ok, done with #longbgr for tonight.  Need to get some sleep; going to Estes Park for the day tomorrow to do some cabin cleaning.
@xJONEDGEx Linkin Park? 
Bout to lay it down. Gotta get some rest playin in a kickball tournament 2morrow at Battlefield Park! Wish me luck I'm a captain 
Had a lots of fun hanging out with Duong at the Park today 
@benshephard Well Upton Park is the best place to play footie!! Come on you irons 
