Most common words for this cluster:
[('party', 1306), ('night', 47), ('tonight', 46), ('birthday', 42), ('lol', 39), ('time', 37), ('parties', 37), ('home', 34), ('na', 32), ('graduation', 32), ('today', 28), ('tomorrow', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'party', 0.9401538372039795), (u'Party', 0.6949143409729004), (u'parties', 0.654190719127655), (u'LOUDON_NH_Brad_Keselowski', 0.5998799204826355), (u'partys', 0.5982561707496643), (u'viii_Immtech_ability', 0.5644364953041077), (u'KIDZ_BOP_Dance', 0.5606268644332886), (u'Grand_Obstructionist', 0.5562208890914917), (u'mad_hatter_tea', 0.5475689172744751), (u'Solarfun_sells', 0.5472808480262756)]





@mrsfr Yes, unfortunately the date clashed with an important and long standing family party, got to do it on my own 
@sweetbabyboy I don't think I'll make the tea party tomorrow.  J. doesn't get home til 530, then I have to go to team kid/easter service.
Just woke up and as soon as I was about to start getting ready to party.. its raining 
my party was totally lame because hardly anyone came. I feel unloved. 
@KingKan u and product didn't come to my party 
my best friend from high school can't come to my wedding or be in my bridal party anymore 
didnt get to go to the party last night 
@LittleFletcher oooh i like the make up ;) i wish i was going to a party 
@thick5150 who u tellin! I wish the party was still at bethel 
@franthomas Stink-o that you didn't get to go to the b-day party 
On my way to see the chariot...i don't feel like going i just want to get to suzanne's party! 
ugh I hate disappointing my friends  told them I was going to a party, and now I can't because I have to study now that I can see again
We are sitting in traffic...hope att these people aint going to the same party as me  I hate an over crowded event
@feliciaheartsDW totally jealous, I want to be at that party 
The party gods are frowning on me I have to work the whole wknd 
All dissapointing   .hows the party
So far the night has NOT been worth leaving the party and my friends for 
rebelution was a bust  now random party in pq
im being a total party pooper right now 
Party last night, was driving, home 1am...knackered today. Allotment or run? Not that I really fancy either if I'm honest 
mad at target...now i dunno what to wear to my party 
@heystephy I wanna come party with youuuu. Why do you have to be so far away?? 
  went to maggie's bday party, came home without my phone... I feel lost, and reaallly confused (but thats just the booze talking)
is too old to party until 4am! 
@figgybean I feel so left out of the party... 
@Minak0 sounds like everyone had a big party last night and forgot to invite me. 
PMT strikes again I'm too miserable to party so gave it a miss 
I am *so sorry* to those party guests of ours who had to wait several hours for me to arrive, and then I was too tired to be any fun 
@MiniMcBooom I didn't make it to the party because my pants dem was too tight, and i couldn't walk to deh bus stop 
Waking up,,, pool party time,,, 
Has a major headache...2 much party last night 
I'm sad that a sweet friend of mine is moving away- her going away party is today 
Wow so a friend I was supposed to go to a party with last night called to tell me he wasn't going. Then pocket dials me from the party 
the farewell party for the graduating class of 2009 has been postponed 
has to clean her room for her party on thursday ): and doesnt have a costume for her own party. Needs help 
SO sad to learn that there will be no party bus or trailer at Worlds 
@knowsnotmuch No. I dont want a coalition with the party @fartingpen and @far1983 seem to be interested in! That's why 
@amandacolbert  that just means u can rest &amp; party even harder when finals 4 over! lol
i'm so worried about this stupid party tonight. 
is NOT at a party 
argh.... awake way too early for a saturday  who decided patricks bachelor party has start before breakfast?
Laying here wanting to go out and party 
omg! i dont have a ride to erics party!!!! 
at party right nowww.... is not really cool im bored but i have to stay here 2am!!!  
never got to see the alpachas  however i am off to a quadrople birthday party!
Their is no party! + i would b the party pooper 
@LiZAmtl  her to my moms for my party thing, and she said she would try to make it. :/ she couldn't I guess 
Some frat party next door. So loud. No sleep for me. 
Party cancelled  night
no party at my house tomorrow 
@syddddddd join the party, broken object number 2 
@raphaelvillar That 80's party... que inveja! 
@melaniebae I know right.....    &amp; I was a party too!!  Party pooper.
wedding party tonightt, but don treally feel like going  have to thoughh!
@mynewsocks i downloaded another rob pattinson movie. went to a realy lame party 
@kellie_apple haha no, the party is first at 7, and it's only 5 here. he's picking me up 6:30.  but I dont think I have the guts 
@beaverbunch Not sure what the plans are now. The birthday party might be off 
going to the mall to look for a dress. then alexis's sweet 16 party later ! no cell.  
sore stomach, this bug just ain't shifting. I fancy a party and general social activities, but not alone. another night in i reckon 
I'm very sad that my party is going to prob fail tonight 
@murnahan oooh, I past out and missed the party 
Cops stopped the party 
highhhh. madd fun at the hotel party. although i miss him... 
just came back 4rm a birthday party. it was the lamest party i've ever been 2. 
@pablohoneys shoulda brought the party over here along with guy soonnnnn. 
i fucking love fairss!!! ahh soo much fun energized for a party 
i should be at a party right now 
Party is off 
@noodleblue I recall the last songs.. and yes, we are nearing the end of our block party  
I have done the party circuit today. Not one of them was for me 
the downside to illegal parties is smelling like smoke 
@mattsantucci @elzombo @valcano You three should be ashamed of yourselves for not coming to the after party! I missed you all 
@princessbutterc  tomorrow, LOL you're a party girl then?
is awake. Sineads bday was live Sineads party was live! hold tight everyone that turned up! now i gots 2 get ready 4 work kmt 
bachlorette party was fun, couldn't make it to suede, my partners in crime bailed  instead chilled @ home with my fam
Getting all cleaned up for family party. i want bed! cant have bed! 
I don't want to go to the birthday party.  It's booooooooooooring!
Party hang over  xD. I love you, I love you not. I'm writing my candle lighting. I must not forget to add my &quot;bot&quot;(robot)xD bitting is fun
Completely missed the producers party...  there has been too much on my plate lately...
cannot focus. i want to start watching party down but i feel bad   i REALLY should be studying.
i practically broke both thumbs at my cousins party 
@Alisondownunder there is a graduation party at 4 so I can hang there for an hour or two but it's sb people!!!  so I need a schedule.
...but doesn't want to party again without *someone* 
@MClarissa you lucky duck, you got to party, I had to work 
The party is over....they say donnie left 
when bond leaves, the party stops 
Not wanting to go to work  I wish I was still on a party buss
: should I go to the party or not? 
I don't want to go to the party but I have to 'cus I promised.  what do I do!?!?!?
It's now over...  But now we get the cast party!
@nooccar I'll see you over there... I'm planning on leaving here in about 10-15 minutes - sad that I won't be able to go 2 @psyan's party 
This guy I babysat when I was 13 is trying to get me to meet him at this party but my exboyfriend is there too 
@kellytpj stuck at home with busted carS..  party like it's 1999!
At a party grad  party in copa ....    Kids pool   alot of people I don't know    I think I might  roll  .
@MissMillions smh. ugh...@PrettiGiGi went to the communion party w/o us. look wat time it is and i didn't get a ring.  ~$kittle$~
@aseraile I'm in the house not in party mood 
I cried when I got home from the party  but the party was slot of fun
the dinner party was so fun! not in the mood for schoooooool 
Finished zombie prom going to thecast party.. So sad it's over... 
Ugh, neighbors are having a super loud party. WHY do i have to live in glendale? 
back from the party- very sleepy now 
@SONofWRONG I miss our party times 
@nickolaimathews, and no, no tea party  but there was cake involved!
@nickolaimathews, and no, no tea party  but there was cake involved! http://ow.ly/63oW
@Zokathepuppy no prob. how was the party? i wish i was there 
Or maybe it's the other way around. Europeans showing me how to party 
tonite= epic failure x 10!! do the math. basically    &amp; got stuck @ a 17 year old house party in a Suit! WTF?! tht was fun! ......N ...
@RetroRewind stuck at work today   when are you re-airing the Block Party???
is really sick  listening to love scream party by SuG
@cramur They died  we are going to have them replaced before the big party.... are you going to be here for that!?!?
Oh lol that is nervous nancys graduation party too no vickie 
@IamZafrina this is unfair  when i'm on, noone is there, i leave and its a party 
@runningwaters9 that is true...She hasn't chilled at my crib in a minute...It seems like she only comes when its a party... 
@party! lost 2 silly party games 
but bad news about the pizza party   http://bit.ly/nWIpG
pizookies AND dance party with hats.  AMAZING!!  I love my friends so much.  not ready for them to leave.  
Since they were all underage, no one wanted to admit they were at this party, so her friends left her there to die. she died.... 
@pineaplesherbet I dunno how to do that  and I don't want to go to the party saturday because I just don't want to get hurt again
@gfalcone601 yes i'm okay thankyou yourself? i bet the party was good? @tommcfly has given me the cold 
@lilmisslexaaaa hey you don't like demi lovato! When I played it at my party you told me to shut it off. 
wishes she was at tyson's party 
My going-away party doesn't even fit into my own schedule 
i hate cleaning up after partys tired now 
missing my 20's body and party day's....even though very few   
@brooklynhippie. Sucks ur home  I miss partying with you cuz u know I party hardy lol http://myloc.me/117E
sitting at home, missing out on the senior party 
At nates for his moms birthday party. Hellla food I'm sooo stufffed 
So just as I expected, the party is pretty boring 
Party was a success to bad jessica couldn't be there 
everyones going to a party  my party is called &quot;work&quot; and it lasts for 8 hours... so fuck you and your parties!
fell asleep and missed the party. that's how i roll 
after party in winnipeg can't believe I'm sunburnt 
Party was offically wack sorry bruhs...we at my sis house now. Bout 2 fall asleep 
eurovision party fail. 
Is everyone at a party tonight 
Just passed the eff out. So much for the after party.... 
Waiting for everybody to come over.  Last dorm party before I move out 
ok my party is over......but I have no one 2 kick it wit now 
@marginatasnaily oh god  have a lovely kiddies party today...... yipee lol : S
the party was really cool, I cant sleep 
@paulpuddifoot noones at the space party  lol
@GabrielSaporta couldn't get in to the after party. 
party party party ;D but now i hav school tomro 
In a few hours the next party 
I'm a jerk &amp; missed Addisons b'day party  I have her presents though! You going to be home today?@princessmeegan
Really Wants To Party 
bruised knees  falling at a party is not a good thing!!
@TheRealBrenda I wish I was at party. 
party 2-5. hope i wont be ignored more 
@yarrrrdley dude, i'm rideless and bummed. i really wanted to come party with you 
Is a little sad that my boyfriend left the bukowski book I was reading at a party. 
@LordBaldemar Do I have to consider a search party?  
 one of the best friends I've ever had doesn't want a party before she's shipped off to bfe aka long beach.
@BamDaStrag  awww shes a party pooper 
Just had to tell D she is too ill to go to her friends party  @Hootiegibbon has just been signed off for a week too
After reviewing all the pictures, I just realized that I don't remember half of my own party. 
I want to go to a party.  hahah. so if any of you will have a party. tell meeee.. i really want to go out.
star party is over  .....................booty cruise is 2 weeks away 
i cannot believe i forgot to get a picture of all three of us on E's birthday :: i totally spaced @ the party!! 
Trying to find the perfect party dress it is proving to be impossible 
@wolfhudson good party @ hydrate? im jealous . . .and working 
went shopping got new dress for engagement party. and new booky wook - not russel brands though 
@skubastevee party is over  but i had a great time
@yelyahwilliams dont feel bad...i just lost my $300 phone at a party  bummer to be us, huh?
Colettes 18th bday party tonight  I have nothing to wear  x
was at a party tonite, and broke his camera 
missing out on danni and aimees party 
on msn, really want to party. no parties  raining, waah :'(
my hand s are cold now  stupid fanta. my party partyyyyy tommorrow yay!!!!!
I WANT PEGGLE. I also want my bloc party cd.  fucking post 
prepare to go to the farewell party. oh no i hate farewell 
@wes4ua and @rachgail Party for the fun people has been cancelled 
is skipping an awesome party 
@StephLuv84 no she will be with her grandma no party this year 
well my 2 days off r over and now back to work.  ohh well, it beats trying to figure out The mad hatters tea party
I made this mistake on turning on auto-follow on some third party site. Now I can't remember which one. Shazzbat. 
@mealienprobeu: @jenjenjenn and I! At a goth birthday party ^.^ I'm in no dressup now 
@atater yeah, u were supposed to wear one to my party! i was sooo disappointed! 
Party tonight, donn't really want to go, so much work left here 
Waiting for the stupid 54 bus  it always takes forever, dont really no what to wear for this beach party tonight ... X
i wish i was going to the party 
@MrsPennyCandy Party's over.  lol  You left
I wanna throw a spa party!!!  Except I have no money and like almost no friends to invite. 
I want to party hard 
is in the mood for a party, but instead I'm going to a meeting 
@JudyDreamer I'm sorry your kitty died  I feel almost bad for being excited about your flat party :x
 I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.....stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!
Bahh the police ended the party @ 5!!  Just when i was starting....
@ColeDavid had  a little family party tonight   hope it rocked
We're having an impromptu pool party... Except I don't know how to swim so I can't get in 
my party is wiped out they be all dead and stuff 
@ncremins thats not really fair. I mean you just up and leave like that and you dont even give us a party  So when you coming back or  ...
My generation is too fucking apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace? 
.@jkmodels I missed your party...you must forgive me pleassse, i feel bad.. 
@sexxieluv I wanna go to a SexxieLuv party though 
the sun burned me today....my arms look angry  Party tonight tho babes! woop!
I want to party down! 
Really disappointed I can't make it to bloomington for @sproutbox launch party tonight  if you're around you should check it out
To make it worse, its my friends party tonight, and I'm stuck here. I haven't seen her for months 
@kchasesimmons unfortunetly no  I wish, I mean sometimes like twice a yr they'll have a party, but not always
trying to plan a huge birthday party by myself 
Okay gots to go and now for the first time since it started will miss the Block Party on @retrorewind 
Oh gosh how I want the party to be over and done with already. 
@TiffConnFTW cause theres no party 
I'm hungry  wife is at a Bodyshop Party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?
Just realized it is friday and b/c of a party I don't get to go racing. 
I hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at home, there was jager at the party too 
It's friday and I'd love to party, but don't have a sitter. 
joooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! studying!!!  to be readdy to go to the party!!!   If they let me go!!  jajaja I think yeaahh!!! \m/!!
just got home from a nice party, just not tired yet 
Tweeps is all gone... kittie is considering hanging up her party hat.... don't want to... 
@NoemiDeMenezes no!!! don't leave our little msn party 
I won't go to marcelinho's party  and he'll be there...
I dont have any bloc party 
Kidlet has a temperature.  Hopefully she'll be well enough for the birthday party tomorrow - there will be 3 real ponies!
hates that she's not at mya's graduation party!  booo work!
@backstreetboys  I wanna go to your party 
aww birthday over  but the party still on 
@vintagepolka Awww. I totally would!! But they aren't letting cameras backstage or into the pre-party or anything! 
@danceswithelvis Sadly it wasn't that kind of party.  No strippers. 
Supposed to be on a date party w ex... 
bored wishing i was w my friends drankin, smokin &amp; straight west coastin @ a party 
birthdayy is over  my party was tonsss of fun!!
so much for not having sore legs  had to take ibuprofen as can barely walk children's party this anoon woohoo
@KNOWxONE aww sorry  but handle the business then let's clelbrate :p entourage party?!!!!!
this party is actually pretty cool. some cute boys. too bad they are all gay 
@littlebubble that is so my life! Party animals in this house tonight too! @skouttradefair poor poppet 
@solo376 lol what party? I was  moving 
@cherrybumbum wish I could be at the party too 
@poetic_violence lol let's goo.. I'm in bed.. can't walk  party without me...
@DHughesy I am at home  to broke to go out and party lol.
ugh..nextdoor neighboors are havin a party tonight..another thing i dont get invited to  lmao
Cleaning time!!!  sisters grad party at 4
Now I'm just waiting around for my brother's graduation to start. These are always so long.  After-grad lunch party though should be nice
missed out on the party  stupid parents XD 
can't sleep for the party across the road 
With the boyfriend now, goin to an in-store party later and........work. 
prepare my sweet sixteen party  so much to do 
thanks to @ajlnike09 for having a kickass party...getting lunch then dropping off bridg at the airport 
I wonder how long till someone calls the police for my neighbours party 
party! seeing some of my friends tonight problebly for the last time 
working   party tonite rhough!
Getting ready to go back outside and finish cleaning for the party...  
Party night at an end   I'm ready to keep going but it's home time!
@ work on a nice then to top it off my family havin a block party 
@TheEvaEffect awwww I wanna come to the pool party 
@miri_yams i don't get to go to the pool party  i'm sad. i have work from 11 to 7.
woo!!!! msn party ...if anyone ever gets on msn 
whyyyy do i have to be sick AND working when i could be at a huge party at able lake tonight  ughhhhh !
The party was going to be today but it got cancelled 
Going to a graduation party in farmington ct.   
@CarolynLevy party? nice! why wasnt i invited? 
Oh god another fuking party across the street. Means my driveway will get blacked by idiots. Not that I can go anywhere anyway 
Only 2 more grad parties to go to 
@kfrags we need to finish dance party in a kitchen   WHENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN. next weekend?
@jelkz no one wants to come with me to your party. 
cannot decide what to wear to her leaving party 
alone at home  going to a bday party soon, kill me now!
I like that Brookes having a party tonight and the role I have been given in the party preparation is &quot;watching the cats.&quot; 
On my way to party city again. Not looking forward to studying for finals 
Tannin with my mom! Party! I miss him 
i am awaiting my doom at a rollerskating party... great 
@dvroegop At least you're at a party. I'm at work 
at a graduation party. sipper is here. 
All dressed up and no party.... 
My neighbour is havin a rather noisy party and its past bedtime 
The party full of kids has turned into an enjoyable evening. Things are winding down though and it's not even midnight. 
uggh parents are having a murdermystery party and i have to be the cop(N) 
I'm bored, mother I'd appreciate if you let me go to the next door party 
Driving to my make shift birthday party. Not too excited about it anymore. 
@steph90peace I have a graduation party to attend :/ I cant  But I wanted to go so badly.
I don't have any good hooker clothes for the party tonight. 
http://twitpic.com/6anv8 - At A graduation party, its kinda sadd 
I guess no party 
The party is sooo damn bad....i want to go in my bad 
Not able to go to the party.... 
no more party 2day  ily mum
@ joose day party and bored 
@nikki0919 i miss u too!  wait how did u have a mexican pool party?
shower, pizza, party  i wish at the same time 
wow, party is going so quickly but twitter isn't being very cooperative at times   #mmwanted
just got back from a party 
I am wearing my sunglasses inside and i have no one to party with 
at dennys since that whore never showed up for my sex toy party! 
@hawkster damn and i couldnt make it  going to a after party?
At the blackberry storm party and this line is annoying 
Party in anaheim hills for pawwwlllllls goodbye 
ready to go to parties 
@RRSellers where a my invite to the white party I'm mad at u know 
@DaNiiRii I will most likely come to your party but I can't promise that  but I DO want to come
 no party for me  http://myloc.me/29O7
Everyone is late to my party! 
Neecie is having a bachelorette party at the house. I've been kicked out 
@Zurph at a party 
@JesseW84 @MojoJojo78 hahaha thanks though I left early for a family party so I missed out on singing with the gang 
Wow, this is what i call a party . Haha too bad im not drinking 
@BlondiePicPic oh trust we can cripple walk with the best of them. fuckinnnnn love that jam! shmonis pool dance party! sans shmoni 
@artoni  - how's the party so far?
@SicknastyRaeann i cant   i have 2 go to my cousins graduation parties
to the next party 
My computer froze  i del like the person who is having a great time at the party but her party pooper dd wants to go home #ontd
i need sleep! hahaha party party party...great party, but where my boyfriend was? far away for me...so far away!  xoxo &lt;VITOR3
ahhh we r soo tried!! We r at a party and we havent had tht much too eat! 
my teachers goodbye party is tomorrow. 
hate not saying goodbye to party guests but i fell asleep! i feel bad 
@tawnyakn ahaha the party got canceled!  i got nothing to do anymoreee alsooo
Sheeesh at a party with nothing to sip on 
Going to bed.. Party wasn't so fun.   I miss my parnets. sighs. But they will br home tomorrow. YAYZ!!!
wants to be at the party at church  not sick in bed
arghh...a friend's wedding party this evening. lucky, a venue isn't too far from my place. but thing is that i hate dressing up 
Still tired from the after party. Never thought I would be so sad that the musical is over 
Still sick!! That means no party for me 2nite  damn it
didn't get near enough the amount of sleep he needed after the party 
I was late to the #ontd trending topics party. 
@bellathedork I haven't been to a goth party 
wishes she had a time machine to go party in the late '70s early '80s 
@EllaPaigeBabe niiice, i've never been to ibiza  people always say that there's a looot of party there ;) is it true?
a slumber party where everyone goes to bed at 130 why do they wake up at 6 
@CrzyJes sorry I didn't come to the party last night - I got a wicked headache and stayed in bed  http://myloc.me/2bir
pissed that i have to miss lizzy's party! 
is going to be lonely..... considering my parentsare having a party and invited 100+ people who are over 21 !!! yay 
ughh.. cousins baby shower then cousins birthday party, and erics grad party. i just wanna sleep 
@mardeck I never get invited to parties 
@CeliacFamily sorry, only one prize per participant per party   #CGFT
I hate everyone!!! 90s party sounded so dope from all the tweets... I'm so jealous I missed it. 
graduation  party soon 
Off to birthday party 
@babybree96 but i think @reesirfbabii as a another party to go too and I'm kinda her date  but ill keep you posted!!
jp ended the party early   
I want to party and get wasted, but I cant 
G-rentz tn.. No HillsFinale+MTVMovieAwards party w/@willArd + .. 
got back from the cammppaa. about to go to lynnseys party. eff yess! (: srry lynnsey i couldnt make ur cd. 
@leslielu2 Party was good. I feel like I just got hit by a truck. 
@tydye4 thanks for coming to the black &amp; white party last night 
partying tonight!!! can't see mtv movie awards must be youtube tomorrow then  but Party!!!!!!!!!!!! wooooooooooooooo 
Is leaving a pool party early because of a certain party pooper. 
@itzyjonas buuu no party?? my dad says that we're going to brasil, not mex  so baD!!
@bahlsonal hanadi and I actually danced to the dhol and bhangra.haha...and sorry could not come to the party at your house the other day! 
late to the party, but: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO RAFAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!    
what a real bad party 
I am restricted to house parties until the dmv gets my I'd back 
Struggling again with the new deal as it hasn't been completely accepted due to the current financial constraints of other party, 
got excited to go to a party just now only to be let down.. boooooo!  gnight!
Goood, I don't want to agree with the Danish People Party 
i guess nothing is happening... not even P7 party 
How I wish I could come to the P.A.W.S. party. That was awesome! I have no pet to ramp down the red carpet, though 
@notsmithie Ahhh no beats my birthday party 
i have a headache and i font want to go to this party 
i have a headache and i do'nt want to go to this party 
So lonely here .. wanna party 
@MusicDiva13 brent's party was the best, wish i could have made it to happy valley. 
@sutherncrazygrl  party pooper
When is my party then? 
 miss you boys hope we see us again soon and make Party together :*
@DJGREGG I love hood parties but they aren't safe    I hate 30k millionaires. Lol
is going to a retirement party.  
@MupNorth erm... party, find a job haha, soak up some sun! and party some more?  not going away til oct  D'you?
@wilw I had pantie party myself, I'm worse than you 
This party will end up being the death of me 
@rachelberlage no. Lol just another graduation party 
completely broke from grad parties 
@riaface hey! staying at ours post-cocktail is no problem whatsoever! slumber party, cooool! lunch was yum, missed you tho  x x x
normally I adore thunderstorms, but not when they mess with my little girls birthday party 
@yoitsbooty I'm not going to that.  but you're going to the cast party right?
@my_party_scene i like you very much. when do i get to see you? 
I am going to bed but i really want to go to the party 
@Tyrese4ReaL how u throwing a party and not there  well ill b at ya next party,sorry cudnt make it tonight
@GiMiEhEADBiitCH Aghh why u left me at the party babes 
its now a couples party.... 
@AngelFire5168 HEY! quiet young man, we're having a good time. party pooper  haha!
I broke my camera at the party  mannn!
@off2cthelizard my bad  party on...
I can hear and see the 360 party from my hotel window, that's the closest I'll get to it 
june is gonna be a tale of two halves.. the first being stress and exams  the second being party party party!! =D
@tea_party I feel your pain! I used to get that a lot, always made me feel uncomfortable 
@O2 I lost mine in the foam at a foam party once.    It went in and just disappeared?!
is having her own (solo) pajama party  http://plurk.com/p/xxv7i
so the party is very hard to find, i heard.  gay!
@minorityx thankyou! were so excited for party scene and hustler. no circles tho 
@fashionchalet they don't  we have some third party shipping service here but it's not cheap!
wow i guess im late to the party thanks @MarioArriaga 
@anakiro and I think the reason is they dont have many 2nd party developers like the other companies so they don't have many games 2 show 
the rain is a party pooper 
I was saying fine  to your response! I guess ill be having another party of one
 your not coming to the party 
@RogersCoffees - no, caffeine was removed from the list in 2004. But I'm probably too late to the party anyway 
@omerrr I was hoping SubZERO was an ice creap party 
@omerrr I was hoping SubZERO was an ice creap party 
ready to go party! i wish belle and chellz were going though  *tear*
@pixeljanni Aww  Mario Party 8 is better with more people......
I miss u @sexy1ady! I wana see u guys when u fly in 2nite but we have rehersal dinner then the whole bridal party is goin2 the movies 
@XsarahX93 might not be able to go to beths party thingy which isnt a party 
@GrouchoDuke i'm not doing that party 
@FashionJunkie12 im not feeling this no party business 
@khaliefkhadafi I cant my party is tonite 
party later. really sad 
party tonight ..but without my bff.. 
Hey, I need to learn to dance,I have a party to go and cannot dance 
@RobWelsh seems like I'm a little late to the party - can't use any of the obvious connections to me 
sad cuz i'm missing a party 
Getting ready for daughter's graduation party...I'm exhausted 
@Maximilus looks like the party is over  did i miss much?
You missed her party jacers 
@shelitwits I'm probably not going to make it up tonight.    If you guys go anywhere after the party, gimme a call, though.
I fear my party will be lonely tonight... ah well. 
I am so bored just got home from camp discovery havin a party at my house and so bored its my sisters party not mine huh  lol
Going to that crap party. 
wow what a party   not!!!
Home PC crash... No Party tonight    #fb
@StevenZimm no, damn it  I'm missing the tipsytweet party.
@chocvnillaswirl just read ur message...don't care about ur house since we're not gonna be able to party there  lol
@lannyANH fa shooooooo lanny. twitter party. remember our pho parties? 
weekend. addicted do gg. want to go to a party immediatly, but can't 
@muzzysgirl sorry we can't make it to his party 
damn, the birthday party was cancelled 
My Party Lite order came in and it's gold, not silver!  I am so disappointed, it's beautiful but won't match a thing in my house 
He's had a long,bad day, and is tired....my party is pooping... 
just arrived... I didn't feel like getting dressed for the party, but it was awesome. I needed that. I missed my friends 
@SarahOckler3 this party ends in approx. 20 mins right?  #20boysummer
Is kinda bored of the party 
Watching movies and moping about how I wasn't invited to the party @dearmallori is putting on 
feeling sooooo gross  but ready to party on down tonight!
going to another random party. i'd rather be anti-social at home finishing cosplay 
No party for me. 
I'm not much of a party animal, I'm afraid. I tried snorting coke once but the bubbles made me sneeze. 
long dayyy  loved marias party &amp; so tiredd . going to sleeep
@fridley my boss rented d entire place out 4a company party i wasnt invited to. clashed w other big events arnd town. alcohol none. 
@UniqueVixen aww i wish u could come to my bestfriends party out here.. 
@youngfreshnew @jahmaltonge I didn't see u there homes! But its all good. I missed the after party 
I'm about to go to bed and u party animals are hanging out 
typical, rain to spoil party plans 
@BeMeaningful I hope the tea party is tomorrow. The tea I have here sucks and I've been wanting some sooo bad. 
No one is awake. I'm considering going downstairs and having a rave party! ... With myself  lol
I'm sad that I was like the only one not invited to my friends graduation party.  Like the only one.  What did I do. 
still studying -_- missed a party for that aajjj 
ugh thaat party was lame as hell!!!!......sadness 
I'm so cold  I don't think I'll wears my new outfit for emmas party... It's raining :|
will now go to a children's party.  http://plurk.com/p/yttlx
want to wear burberry resort 2010 to a party tonight...don't even have chunky heels to copy it 
Just woke up after a great party last night and i feel awful! 
@Dublins98Dave pedigree chum do pancakes?? I must try one haha wait where my party invite?? 
@aliaargh sorry aly, I dont go to your party 
i think we all be late for the party. sorry zela 
SATs today!!!  hopefully party afterwards
@ikklePickle so glad go got out the the garage and got to your dinner party. I hate being locked out. 
needs a good excuse not to attend a neighbour's party, I did say I was busy and they begged me to go even for half an hour 
@bagofmice BUHAHAHAH.. plz..  people haven't pucked at my parties..  well.. since I had parties 
Being made to suffer by attending the aforementioned tea party 
i want someone to do a karaoke party 
@GeraldWhite awwwww I wanna go on a yacht party too 
on my way to pittsburgh for my cousins grad party. bummed out I'll be moving here next week 
I missed my LilSis' birthday party 
About to board the plane to cancun and party my ass off!  I'll miss kyeee too much  http://twitpic.com/6qncu
I just mad one piece of my slumber party outfit at frenzoo, but I can't see the picture now... and I can't wear it either 
and now i can't even have my classy dinner party.  stellar!
...and the birthday party is postponed. 
Cleaning for my mom's herbalife party 
ok...sister graduation party...and g/f has to work 
So, the day's just begun.  Engagement Party, hanging with the bf, work til close.  Last day before the biff leaves for a week 
@destaphiton it feels like a big frat party and not the mob driven, classy place of sin I want it to be.  am i changing? 
@duckduckjem why darling? ive been a little busy lately  we basically had to renovate the damn house for marys grad party...
no pool party for me 
@clarasdiary aw really? well i'm glad to be a part of it!! i really wish i could come to the home party though. 
The Block Party has been cancelled. 
Just had lunch, there was a wedding party there which reminded me (as if I needed) that today should be my 17th wedding aniversary 
@alexis919 I got sad when I heard you guys had a party for her!! 
@rijken then ud miss my party and that would be sad 
@moritzhomann thank you &lt;3 i hope so too! missed 2 parties already 
Going 2 my friends house and taking it easy  I wanna party 
Party starts now! Even though no one is there 
Out to a party tonight. Driving though, so no alcahol for me 
so bored 2 bffs r having a party 2day(both have same b-day) and i cant go to either party 
Wish i was at stephanies bday party  
is on way to pampered chef party   leaving the boys alone. 
You can't always be heading to a party 
@DeathbyVolcano I want to party 
@MzBriRenae my friends grad party  
@meowmistidawn YES! but i'm waaaay over on the other coast  i'll just fantasize about your slumber party instead ;)
@kat_n  this dude doesnt drink! was going to go to a party but i cba none of the ladies were going 
i don't want to go to the party 
I'm bored. It was a great day but I'd rather be at a party right now, than sitting here alone. 
Getting ready for kyles grad party  .. I dont want my frieds to leave
@joni1 I'm sorry your mom missed the party 
Billys graduation party. Then ryans. Then work.   ...i miss my joellea.  
Getting stressed. This party is turning into a huge deal again and my head is hurting 
is wanting to go to the beach party todaaay   
@laikas I think, I saw you at the table behind me (the last one?).  When the dancing began, we were leaving the party 
headed to my sisters good-bye party 
@fuzzydragons my neighbours are having a party, no sleep for me either I'm afraid 
Looking up ideas for the 80's themed skate party tomorrow. I feel like most of my wardrobe is already 80's based from these photos. 
getting ready for work  i wanna party!!!
i wish i went to melissas  party 
going to justin's grad party  and i'm gonna party like there's no tomorrow :] lol i doubt that will happen though 
. home from temecula. ergh i wanted to go to the party  i want to get drunk hahaha lol 
@nikkisunshinee sorry i cant go to blakes party  tournament
im at a graduation party. this is the most boring party ive probably ever been to.  i am not a happy person.
I decided not to go to leiahs party because I wouldn't have known anyone there 
@infamous03911 cuz it was suppsoed to be @reginaislegit 's grad party and I jhd some other plans too.  booooo
At whit's birthday party.  To bad I have to work tonight 
Why am I not older? I wanna go to a party, but doesn't have anybody to take me there. 
In my bed, drinking red bull, alone at home, with no where to go (actually there is the party, but I can't go there...). 
I hate that I had to leave Jarons party. Depressed. 
But its her grad party 
. i feel left out  i want to go back to temecula, im missing out. i want to go to the party!!!
not a party night in porto allegre 
Loving the family. Party is great. Inflatable princess castle, I wish I was five.  hahahaha
i am guessing everyone is at alices party 
This weather eats my asshole.  at darrins cousins party. Lol
Graduation party...fajitas without sour cream = 
Just got so lost picking my cousin from a party she was at 
@mdunk  - try from lumo's party!
I'm getting ready 4 a party. To bad it's raining 
is sad that she missed her bff's party tonight 
My neighbors are having a party with music and food and didn't invite me! 
Ended up not recording today  now of to prestons grad party then idk.....
babysitting the sister. missing out on eyekah's graduation party 
Alyssalaganosky: can't say that i actually want to be at this party 
Taking pics since I'm not going to the party. 
After party cleanup 
(party)    (heart)  (goodluck)   http://plurk.com/p/yyw2p
i can hear the gay neighbours partying and really wished i was going to a dance party tonight  sad panda for being responsible
@love_peac_happ sorry i didnt make it to ur party today  i really wanted to go but i got called off til 4 and i was at another party sry
Boredashell. I wish i was at @ehrenelectro 's party 
The aftermaths of a house party 
i'm not coming to your party, why should i show up? just to see what i can't have? 
I wanna be at alyssas party already 
No one is here at my party  i'm sad now...
@ prisrichardson woot! Party dude im so tired 
Wow more bachelorette parties. And they're all perpetuating negative attitudes about marriage &amp; relationships. 
back from my friend's graduation party &amp; ritas. we are stalking failures 
@cooling had wasabi oysters @ inyo(now ninyo). friend's bday party. 
Just left emily's grad party its only been one week from my paradigm family and i miss them so much 
I cant belive I am going to this girl's party 
Missed a wild cosi party  maybe next time
The party is not all that. 
@simprograms lol i had a party at the party -everyone left and it was late 
@ericdkuzma Wish i could come to your party   I think i told you that already but oh well...still miss u bitch!!
Party got raided 
no tattoo party tonight 
Yay we are now leaving the party, but i didn't have cake 
@jodiem oh i love guacamole...disappointed i cant make it to @ceibner &amp; @maduck's party 
Sitting and a barbeque party which turned a bore after people started discussing sociology 
wow you go to a party and the person you are there for passes out at 10:30 .... wow... 
where is everyone? i guess out partyin....it is sat! damn i wanna party too 
@iPosit I think my party invite got lost in the mail. 
fucking conjunctivitis! no party for me tonight wahhhh 
so, i wish i was invited for that adidas house party 
im so fucking bored i want to party like now 
 come party
@DawnRichard dang, it aint 2 many of us left on here...people r slowly leaving the party!!!!!!! 
My tattoo artist is moving to vegas.  sadotattoo.com we're at his farewell party chatting it up with the inkednation guys
Another party canceled 
doesn't get to go to the Presets After Party 2nite &amp; wasted $50 on 2 tix 
urgh i'm awake soo early and i feel really sick +o( .. gutted i missed prias party yesterday!!  sucks so badly(n)
Party got cancellled going to elenas to sleepover  I have the hiccups
Sould be at a party but @ work.. . 
Just came home from a frat party. i got gang raped 
@artemisrex I'm sorry mister!  didn't mean to be an anti-party person.
@CertifiedDiva21 I was @ Dundaplace party didn't see ur sexy self 
http://twitpic.com/6tjps - me and lauren at corinnes party, my skin peeled and ruined the photos  good night though XD
nephews birthday party today, he's having a clown, 
@jjjohannaaa i cant see the episode now, buhu   im going to a birtday-party soon 
is supposed to be at a party, but ate so much i cant move 
is thinking whether to balik kampong over the weekend for a follow up. but that would mean skipping rachel &amp; dharsh's party. decisions.. 
is annoyed his little nephew destroyed his wig for the party 
@snw Party pooper 
Just waking up w/ the babygirl. She's fed and watching handy manny now. Getting ready to go to anniversary party--not ours. 
Still waiting i'm hungry now!I'm getting uncomfortable in this chair grad party later hope I can make it starting to fell sick 
playing at graduation today. then heather and justins party. i can't believe they're leaving! 
The headache after the party... 
Cleaning my room  then a graduation party for cousin kelsey!!
@smyers07 I wish I could attend your party 
@dontwakemeup As for me, the party i went to was pretty lame 
Working  and is very tired from last nights party
p.s.- my party was a poop last friday 
hoping this toast stays down -___- missing ANOTHER grad party today 
@HeyTreeeee I didn't go party last night either. 
cleaning the basement for my party, ahh lots of dust! 
@prasannathani you better freakin send out a search party 
@greek85goddess the graduation party that i cant be at.    saaaad day.
headed to david's bridal with my homies. i wish i had not committed to the jew'ry party. i could still be poolside 
The Pirate Party got one seat. Not two  http://www.val.se/val/ep2009/valnatt/rike/index.html #arrr #eu09
got home from grad party i cant believe im graduating i will miss Q E E S 
How long is this party going to last? 10 hours. . . 
Flat tire  ashleys grad party tonight
Working overtime.   oh well  work hard, party harder I guess. !
i saw pirate party in the trending topics and i thought of a pirate themed party for pirates. now i'm disappointed. 
Molly's grad party, long boring driveee without good music 
So disappointed that the bnp got over 100,000 votes in yorks&amp;humber and 1 mep-as much as the lib dems-a mainstream party  #euelections
@jennifermf At the engagement party, and there are sproglets everywhere. 
@PeterSmyth1971 problem is we are not a united party and we need to be. can Brown unite the party, i'm not sure 
My upstairs neighbour is having a party. It's loud. Thanks 
not feeling as great as I did the last time I tweeted...  pity party of one
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm its fcuked up missed out on kathryns birthday party and it sounded so good 
I have to go to a party which is had by my customer to even up the numbers tonight 
@stuarthoughton - from what I understand, it gets them European funding as a political party 
@SaulaSmurf not suprised they r sick in the headdd want the green party to win but no luck there 
@twenty2kdawg haha or you're just a light weight! how did her party go? I'm bummed I missed it. 
i just woke up and half the party people are already back drinking again.... im so old 
slept for like 5 hours.. lol. i want to go to craigs party! but donno if i can 
@mitchelmusso im sad....you didnt reply to me and @LibGlay and we even had a mitchel musso cd party for you  
Watching the new season of 'gene simmons family jewels.' I wish I would have had a sweet 16 party  or a b-day party period, lol
@AllyyyMcKinney  so sorry I missed ur party 
lost the party 
@AnnaLinh haha yeahhh it's so annoying. how was the party? i'm so sad i couldn't make it 
Man, I don't know if I'm going to end up having my birthday party after all 
@gerbertt I know me neither   but at least its a party!
@gerardwayrox lol! chips! i haven't had chips today! i went (was forced to go) 2 a party last nite! so boring! 
@carolynaaa28 But you're all talking about a party I won't be at ... 
a terrible day for the labour party.  
grad party three was awesome, seniors will truly be missed 
Just had some leftovers from the grad party. Not as good as it was before 
is playing xbox with garret. youth pool party got cancelled due to rain 
is eveb though i was tired theta xi threw a legit party!! but disappointed there was no punch! 
@stasisk yay, kens mrs is off for the week. Party time!  except that i stuffed my ankle last night, so no clubbing.... 
@SWEETMOCHA26 the party was off the hook!!! i wish u would have been there 
@tcharles no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't go!!!! Its my sisters birthday party!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       
@syn357 I miss throwing all those parties   damn party of the century.!!  haha
@thecraigmorris Noes like party ring 
i am recovering from a massive party on the weekend, soo hung over. and tired.   
@afreshmusic sorry  i'm sayin though. if we were like that, you would be on the party trip!
@leeb85 LOL no party  maybe in 12 days tho we will see!
@BWBookings  The party was good but unfortunately the police stopped the party before we were able to play...  C U soon
@musiclover_17 i didnt get to go to delanis party.  but dylan graduated!
party tonight! work first 
@CYjelly dang! I forgot about his party... That sucks bc I was looking for something to do 
@breebreeee  i had to party with my dad. and it wasn't a party.....*sob*
saw bizzy bone and b real last night... funnnn so sad i couldnt make it to after party...   
broke my rosery at a party...so sacrilegious.  sorry
@CullenBoysAnon- if I didn't have little ones at home and a bday party to plan, I'd spearhead that video. Srsly. I'm so sad for him. 
@Pinkbfly hey booski! I miss being the 3rd dress in the tea party  ha
@CrystalHarris they never found my cell  I had a blast at the party though. thank you xx
So you guys are not coming to my party 
another party i can't go 
My party of Five has just been down sized to a party of three temporarily 
@easmart ughhh i cant believe were staying at different hotels  i wanted to party with emilyyyy!
@saulyoung sad day.  But lauren is asleep now...the dance party didn't last long   BUT, are you coming to my going away party?!
I'm being drunkdialled from the ck party 
@Beautyishername my aunt is having a B-day party so I think I'll have to miss that one 
so i just got back from alex's fairwell party. i will miss that weirdo. 
@LUVSEBBiiECAKES  cool, just stay tuned, i'll bring the party to nyc. bronx that is!
damn it youtube! 1st u block us from seeing music video, now u deleted my Party People video! that's unfair 
@DerekLBrown lol, what party. aint havin a party  ahaaa
I was ready to party but @RealLamarOdom hated me 
had a trying on of my graduation party dress in an atelier. didn't like it at all. upset 
feel like a party but...not gonna happen  
@LawryAgars got a birthday party on sat night 
needing a party. i am party deprived 
flux by bloc party reminds me of florida last august, i kept putting it on in all the hollister stores, haha. oh i miss it ! 
Is mad I won't be in town for sophies party 
Wow laptop party  
Wow laptop party huh 
@imseth Party pooper. 
@teddyruks wish i could com party hardd and celebrate with yall but im only 19  ....... TAKE SHOTS FOR ME
Planning a bday party for a 20yr old girl that has never had one.  What in your opinion is quintessential to a little girl bday party?
@DaniWright man, I think it's possible. But it's always one party falling  boooooo!
truck party is over 
home bored post to go to  a foam party 
@thereasonwhy they didnt like it. and i couldnt stay for the after party cause they refused to stay  so i was really upset!!!!
@room704 So I tried to get a badge on my blog for the party but they don't work 
@wuddupbeanz i'm so bummed your not coming to my party. 
@jakesahunk lol cool. sry i missed your party 
I have a headache  the hotel party wasnt even intense last night :/
I have a headache  the hotel party wasnt even intense last night :\
@SunsWebmaster   wish I could make it out there for that party
@CoolGuyEd  I'm sorry u haven't either thoo birthday soon I finally get to meet u I'm throwing a party more info on the weekend
@faidchong HEEEEEEEEEEY hows zahid's surprise party? i couldnt make it last night 
@wescallahan well i would, but steph already fell asleep so the party's overr 
@ailynonyou I wanna party... 
missed the farewell party... damn it! 
My brain is having a fuzzy party and I wasn't invited  http://twitpic.com/7m7mr
cannot seem to focus on revising  and hasnt got a CLUUUUE what to wear to the boat party..
@gingercb47 I can tell I missed the porch party that would help me to understand this tweet...  ...but it is great to see you happy!!
@GaylaC if only I've got no one to party with 
wanted to start the day with the *official* bachelorette party invite and 'stuff-to-bring' list, but i gotta run to the dentist first. 
@susankildahl I am not seeing anything on face book re the party 
@pixiesongs  omg i cant waiit to see you at leeds party in the park this yeear. its a shame i cant get a photo with you.   
@_Resii_ oh no that's very sad  maybe Boys-PArty or Guys-Party ^^ xD but that will be very cool also without sebi
i feel soooo bad 'cause i was supose to go 2 my friends surprise b-day party but i totaly forgot 
means no pool party 
@MiiMer hey babe!! i dont think i'm going to vegas anymore. i really dont want to miss class  have fun &amp; party hard without me! love you
Cleaning da basment 4 my party 
At a fed goodbye party for one of my favorites 
Its really hard to be responsible when a pool party is going on 
@ThePeenScene ill miss yall too  we have to party it up as much as possible before i go!!
It is becoming increasingly clear that the Democratic party is out of touch with the realities (physical and climactic) of global warming 
UGH!!!!!!!!! I'm losing a great party!! 
back kids asleep. Just played some Mario Party. Feeling ugh wish I could kill me some zombies or something 
I wish I was invited to a mortal kombat party 
i missed the cocktail party, right? 
http://twitpic.com/7opx4 - Ah chucks! I missed the party... 
hauhauahua.....went to kalita's bachelorette party...crashed the boys bachelor party!!! sooo funny.....wish my bf was there............. 
nobody commented on my all white party so i guess that's dead  ...watev
@Jules_Party934  I hate how good all the dancers are this season on SYTYCD, i don't want any of them to leave 
im hungry  neeeed food   bloc party's new song? very excited 
So nervous bout my party!!! 
got lost inviting people to aaron's party on omegle  #gokeyisadouche
@unclestew22 usually morality derives from religion. So I'm not sure that can be done. You would end up with another Democratic party 
@Daygon  fuck school, party hard
out in gordon  *walks to party* haha I wish...
Biggest party in my hometown canceled due to bad weather 
Missed the  #fitfam #bluebox party last night  because my boys would NOT go to sleep!!!!
@edwinakane why are you trying to embarrass me at the party? In front of everyone? 
Isnt going to camp today..but that might also mean im not going to the party either.. 
ugh. party postponed indefinitely. 
@jimmymarsh617 you know we never got a vip gift bag from the launch party. 
@Manionbird dammit i'm gonna be tardy to the party... 
I want to go to the little comets house party since it's free &amp; I'm pretty sure it's like 2 seconds away from my sisters but i'm 14. 
@NinaPierce it got rained out.  they're still having the party, but couldn't fit parents in the indoor area. sniff...
my bday party was so much fun last night!!!! no one wanted to leave...but they had too  oh well......who wants to hang out??
@julieannart You 'maybe' were gonna attend my party (and didnt   ), so I'll 'maybe' attend yours!
@phyaflyjones not the shopping party 
I need a date for a party on sat 
at the station running the 5:01 Party - no 5:01 pitchers of beer for me 
Is wishing I was at my cousins bachlor party 
waiting on my cab!!! Is gunna be late to my own  party 
@thejeniusk @unicorn23 tempted to join you guys b/c it would be a party, but sadly, I am a spoiler ho. 
oh...  i wont be here... u hving a party??
Feeling left out from the #phillymoms blog launch party...  
Bowling Party was awesome! i am going to miss everyone!!! Graduation tomorrow!! 
@Joneszilla I don't crash parties, I thought you invited me, lol 
@xMsBrightside Party time all day everyday SON!! hahahaha I'll miss you twin 
I don kno if imm goin to that party no more 
just came back from a good bye party 
dang @irv25 you got me wanting to watch house party now 
@TerenceJr how is it.. I'm at a party. I'm sad that I can't listen 
@chrisluvssixxam pretty good here.  been so busy getting ready for the party. really haven't been on here much 
Reminiscing of my dance party nights with @lindaandbijoux 
@ this whack party 
I can't wait until the 27th. party&amp;fireworks. too bad @brieenuutbutter won't be here. I'll have no one to mix soda with. 
It's so boring at this mexican/white party 
is sad because she is missing out the party tonight over-seeing edc lauching. 
So glad it is the weekend. And I'm not sick anymore! Just have to avoid a relapse, which may mean taking it easy... boo!  I wanna party!
@miafreedman whoa that got ugly!  I imagine for the blogger it's like having a fight break out at a dinner party you are hosting! not fun 
just when we're leaving for the midsummer party, it pours! with thunder &amp; lightning too! dampener! what should we do for midsummer now? 
wants a night out with friends to party 
v.sad I had to bail on the party  stuuuuudy!
no party tonight. 
is still busy with the preparations for tomorrow's kiddie party. hoping that i could come  http://plurk.com/p/12803j
Wine party cancelled.  But this means I can look forward to it another time and also that I can enjoy the other 2 parties without stress!
the party was soo fun i'm going to miss everyone 
@xthedarknight99 I KNOW I am.  I am just lonely today. So I am having a pity party 
@PattyJonasBell omg me too! next week i have a swimming and bbq party with my classmates! 
Unfortunately being dragged to another party 
just left a going away party for two of my co-workers!  Both leaving because of husbands jobs!  
I know @laurenwil1  I'm going out tonight tho  Which party you going to?
i should really be up and ready to get to a surprise party right now....  i hate you sickness. i will beat you uppppp.
@JoeMCdrtydancer hey girl! sry i missed the party last weekend...  we all really do need to get2gether at some point.
I'm sorry girlz but i'm not coming to your party!  it will probably be a mistake, but whatevs!
@reggggggie what parties tonight ? 
Just got back from a retirement party. Sadly, it was not mine. 
been to amys party boys cause mayhem in life 
@AncillaTilia unfortunately, the parties i attend and the parties you attend are toooooootally different. no corseted ladies here.    haha
@bulusoy  Was just in a small club.. there were problems with the party .. 
Wants to get her party but can't till tomorrow 
could've had her grad party at sherrie's?? now I'm bummed 
@rkhochstetler also, I cannot come to your party since I will be at my parents...though i am very sad i will miss it...and very jealous! 
@DASTONEFACE When's the next pool party? I missed the last couple y'all had. 
@jenje party @ image not found sweet pea!  
I wanna go to the dance party 
at work .. i'd rather be at hope's 'surprise' birthday party 
no party. 
@bethofalltrades and not at our party 
If you are playing #1vs100 shoot me a party invite, I am alone 
yeay(: ..we got here!..now the real party can begin! haha  - I wish I could twAtpic for you all  Lol
@errinmerrrill no even worse. The party till you pass out shirt 
going to bed soon, just got back from church party. got to work tommrow 
This party just turned into the most awkward thing ever. 
No party for me.  but I found out a secret! Haha.
@sunshiineexo I'm walking a dog as they are having a party 
@sunshinechanie haha no so the partys where fun i wish u could have come  it would have been sweeeeeeeeeeeeet ( : its scary out there,huh
about to go get maria from work.  Party tomorrow though 
hipster party acrozz the street 
@rustyredux I want to throw a party... 
Wish I was at the @Badziolka party 
My lil cousins party is poppin! It's about to end soon. 
@sweet19 when was the stream party? awww...  too bad i didnt able to join...
I hate summer because it makes me so lazy aka i wanna go out and be a party animal 
@lethalveracity party?  sucks about philly!
jaja nothing too doo man i wish i went to the graduation party in adrians brother high skool y did i say no 
#Party at my house right now.. too bad i don't want it to be... 
@RealMrCummings I wish I could go to your bday party 
@Lfest yes it does  but after-party soon!
sad i wasn't invited to kateisonaboat's party 
@natalieherrejon  im not fit to party
I just ruined bike party 
I am REALLY tired. I should be at brianna's party, but i'm stuck in vegas. 
*is tempted to crash neighbors party* ... They are white... I no blends in. 
@leeminho. i wish i could see your bday party  hiks hiks by the way chukaeooo oppa
I wanna still party but no one wants to party with me 
@athl3ticQt4 what's tragic is that I'm such a party popper. I can't keep my eyes open 
i am drunk and the party stopped 
@CameronLeyden It's my second cousins 21st =P not my party 
@Deziibug you're not coming tomorrow to my party? 
bbq party tonight and it is raining 
I am @ a boring dinner party with nothing 2 do! And no1 will text me!!!! 
party raging next to my window. all I want to do is sleep   http://twitpic.com/7waoq
Just finish cleaning up home, there's very fun frontyard party last night. The only sad thing is it's farewell party 
Off to work, then grad party. Congrats to the 5 people who are having parties today! If I can't make it to all, I'm sry  &lt;3xoxox
keep waking up at 9 30ish  krystals here  then college grade party in the noooon. :/
llalallalala party later and she wont be coming 
is going to a graduation party across the street.  The tent is up and the rain is coming down hard.   http://plurk.com/p/12gbuw
If they won't shut up they could at least invite me to join the party  soo tired.
wow, nothing like puking while cleaning the house from a party. 
I desperately want to leave this party to finish by book   but then I came to jabalpur to attend this party...
Getting ready to go to a birthday party down the shore...of course the weather sucks 
Party day  but its raining  busy doing errands with @ReginaHerbert
@KaiPhoenix  I accepted your party request but it wouldn't work 
Cleaning the houseee...cousins grad party later ehhh 
Just being lazy now. Going to help dj a wedding today! Its going to be so fun! I hope the rain doesn't  spoil the outside party! 
i guess i spoke too soon. he started running a fever at the party and we had to leave. 
This rain is not conducive to my boat party plans 
Nuthing like rainy party 
Going to my cousins graduation party!!! but it's raining 
Urgggg....stupid party made me drink pop and now its killing me....     help
getting ready to go party!! can't get wet which stinks!! 
@JiggablePlanets I'm cool just laid up in bed. I wanna go to a pool party 
2nd Night and a party again 
I have never had to leave one party early to go to another before. That's what I have to do today...and I don't feel good 
waiting 4 date and after that party...but all I wanne do is go 2 a docter and be with my mamy!!I feeling soooo sick! 
@thrashneverdies Nebukadnezza are great. I wish  I could make the launch party 
Too many going away parties for my liking. 
party tonight somewhere in naugy. i have to watch my alcohol intake 
party at sineads to night @simonalexander goooo! @kristinamarie18 wish you could be here 
@MattiSchumacher I miss you too!!  when I get back it's jeep and party time!
Party I was going to was cancelled. 
@laraduckytay yeahh  dadnapped's coming on tv tmw. awh, who threw the farewell party?
Five more minutes and then the party will be over 
Hey everybody. I'm sorry but the party is over 
finally he's down! &amp; thanks mum, don't invite me to your engagement party 
at a graduation party in the rain  at least there are burgers!
The party is over and now I must do more homework 
ate too much at grad parties 
i feel sad  the last call with my best friends till the end of july.. and in the hose next to me is big party..
got back from seeing  a show and shopping with family in birmingham and now unfortunately too tired and grumpy to party 
I cnt find anything to put jakes present in  i need a card too... The party is in 15 min. Lol
Having a pity party, because I didn't do half the the things I said I would 
has tonight and all tomorrow off....but has absolutely no money to drive or party. 
If michael's a good friend, he'll show up really, really soon.Party from hell 
sick  going to graduation party.
Finally.  But now I have to go to a party I wasn't planning on going to.  
Party over 
This party is so boring 
Just got in from lizzies party, wish i was still there though 
Going out to party tonight.! need sum cheering up... 
getting ready for this pool party.....didnt make my bff block party  he is going to kill me!!
At some lame party 
Yesterday party was suppose to be awesome but I didn't enjoy it at all because I had the worst headache ever and had to leave early 
ahhh i'm bored to death!!!and i have to study, and i think i'm not going to ze's party tomorrow 
@amberchildress darn! I wanted a party 
Cleaning up after the party. I always hate the after party blues when everyone has left  .. But eryn had a great time! Thanks everyone.
@holler2party  infections eh? sorrrrry boooza
Party/I feel like I'm getting a sore throat time. LOL 
My cousin(the non-annoying one) has a headache  my poor baby. I'm at a party. A loud baby-screaming party.....
my bday party was ok but to much rubbish to clean 
I was seriously pretty sure I just heard 'Live To Party' on Wipeout .. but I didn't. 
@jessieshmessie You should bring them over! @wisequark and @KuraFire are abandoning me to go to a party 
i wish i could have gone to roberts party  watchind duele 2 reunion
@HayleyyFitch i feel like a lonerr at this party lmao 
@southernmelle I'm going to be up north for a law firm party 
@mikereinhart519 We only got one game in cause there were so many birthday parties!  Where do you work in the mall?
I had more fun at the last pride party 
At a family grad party. So. Many. Drinks. 
@bekkajoy is not at the party!!! 
@nisha1207 I wanted to go to a party at the sundial but it's sold out!!!!  u eva been to a professional relaxation party?
@TightropeGlider hey dude, sorry i couldn't make your party.  you know the drill.
@AlysiaJdot what party u headin to.. not that i can go  
@vargasJBcrazed i noe  pshhh live to party right now
I want to go home an finish packing... I wish I could have go to lily's party to see all my fam 
gio's grad party was fun  . but i hope i don't have swine with my 103.7 fever! ughhh! 
grad party was fun. drive was funner. i wana hamburger phone 
@AmandaTurner @jenniferg07 Looks like I missed the party 
home early. popped a rib out out while partying - don't ask how.... lol. I guess I'm just that much of a party animal! 
Missing out on the beach party! 
Wish somebody woulda told me this was a pool party!!! 
party was shitty 
Wants to party with the hot guys 
uuuuh the party was cancelled 
Party-time ! I wish.. 
i just wanna she came to my birthday party 
Party was awesome and now i feel sick! 
@AllieOGrady i miss playing mario party with you 
@daddyloso11408 u didn't invite me to the party 
I want to party!!...i haven't been out in 2 weeks  ughhhhh
wants to go party 
@whoyamomma - my little sisters bday party was today too. 
Lol awesome party too bad it always ends early for me... 
 I've got to work in 5 hrs and I don't want to leave this party.
@40GLOCC awake no party tho 
@SalviiJay  y so early  the party just getting syarted
Party bust 
@emma_foreverago had a party for me cause I went online, but I wasn't invited. 
so bummed that I couldn't go to damon and baylee's party last night... damn husband not letting me out 
Parties going on without me 
I'm stuck for party ideas 
@Rapagena :O...ill be at a party!, i wont even get to see it!  , think i might record it and watch it when i get in  lol
@chaoscartel  not cool. You're not allowed to be hurt when I may be comming down soon. Who the hecks going to come party with me!?
sigh - sisters' bday party...so bored and lonely 
@DanielleBrit haha I know right... At least you made bank! I kept waiting for that wedding party to come back  never did
@DeviDev there are no pictures of you and i from your party!!!! it's like i wasnt even there 
@FireflyVodka Enjoyed your fine product this weekend... until I hit it with my hand and knocked it over. Party foul.      Livechat soon!
@katsumotosays need to all party again before you guys leave on tour 
@Leannarenee I heard your party was fabu.  I miss out
@cozsheep hellew! omg i am so sick  i think i caught some germies at your party 
just dont wanna do bridal shower or bachelor party anymore 
My Friend's Leaving Party @ 27th 
@shiprat88 You are one silly girl! 12 Days till bubba's birthday party!!!!! Nowhere near being ready! 
where did i put my phone?  &amp; when is gius party tonight?
@jramsden my sisters graduation party is sat. 
tonight is a big party everywhere in the city and i am working 
bahh today is &quot;party&quot; everywhere -.- but the kinda parties i don't like. I want my friends back! 
wish I wasn't so skint. quite bored!  could be at a party but noooo.
ugggggh i wish josh would go to the drive in! that would be awesome for date night! but nooooooo, he's a party pooper. 
Missed the full moon party once again. Have to try next month. 
i want to party!!  i hope i can :$
I need a party.... 
@dpuleo family party saturday so i cant come earlier 
I ruined my surprise birthday party! 
@officialTila ur party seems like nasty  i dont like weed! What about us, ur teenagers fans haaaa
Transformers after party ended early yesterday - hard to predict and set expectations with clients 
@rockstardriver We hate to miss a good party! 
@officialTila wish i could have gone to a party lol 
really bummed about the canceled fly society party tomorrow  
I don't want to go to 6 and 1/2 street I wanna go to a real party 
Me and P are wide awake. We can't have a party though. We got a party pooper roomate. 
@Mamoraxx srry i couldnt make it to your party  i swear to god i will make up for it somehow i had to work on saturday. mom needed help!
party bus was funnn!! now time to studdyyy 
@andysandimas damit i never get on the slumber party list.... 
I'd go to that party tomorrow if I knew HE (as @solangeknowles says lol) was going to be there but sadly HE is a world away 
acquaintance party tomorrow: postponed. aw 
@ellekerin i attended a party with a remix of 'the scientist', i would have cried if it wouldn't have made me seem anti-social. 
lighten up a bit party pplz 
anyone go to the nascar/cassidy party last night? i was too tired 
Going crasy because i can't find anything for my pool party this is all megans fault!!!! 
best friend slumber party tonight! woot. off to work again 
cleaning  then ready to a party later tonight!
VBS almost over  but almost time for vacay...time to chill, visit, read and the Block Party!!!
bored. not much to do atm  they're preparing a party outside and i'm invited. ugh. snob-party with arrogant ppl 
@DatMad how was the party I wanted to come unuh 
http://twitpic.com/8dczs    i'm here but my hearts there. and so is all of the good parties ...   not inc. #glasto
well....just here woke up to do nuthing and was goinng to a party yeaterday just got sick which made me not want to go 
what a day to be ill... the day of the Skins Party! so  not going anymore 
@djimpact aww I wish I could go to the party! 
@h0neyluv baby how come u n cici didn't come to my party last nite   I need ur number beezie
@angiebert  me either lets have a pity party
@pinguino Does this party have a date? 
@lexykiddle i didnt do much made a sandwhich  and then caught a fish  wbuyou going paulis party? some good news for you cant say on here.
DS parties in the lounge are so much fun! 
@warrenparkinson the production is called Block Party. We dance while playing and making constructions with huge blocks 
having a party ?? 
@gilloux I hope you're planning a kennel launch party 
@breatheheavycom jooooordan happy birthdaaaay  enjoy the day and party a loot !
@bradiewebbstack hahaa yay lets party 
is at a family party, hasnt even started. only here for the food  what a greedy bitch
@treffin I've been attending tea parties for the last 8 years...slow to the party dude.     not trying to start a donkey v. elephant war.
@cybercool10 actually the test failed, but we could have party  !! bring the drinks
party party party 
picking up more party goers from the airport soon ... hope they know where to go from there 
Almost at my party!! I'm excited 
Party's over, at a gas station getting stuff for an after party. 
@sandramjoll tonight ? I'm going to a birthday party at 3:00 pm I don't know when it's over but I really want to go so yeah I'll call you 
@DonnieWahlberg I am going to workout. I am sure you are still sleeping after the party last night! 
@NobodyCanWin  I went to a 90s Party yesterday night..  hence the nostalgia on Blip.fm 
@lazycoder ha ha time to film some material for her wedding party 
are going to make food!  jookern is here fucking around, and im following her to a bday party later.
@PaperCakes have a great party!  send us some cupcakes! 
making myself ready for a birthday party with mongolian-chinese buffet - sounds really interesting! hopefully it's really tasty, too... 
okay. change of plans.. throwing a party for marshal!  haha
party tonight 
@saidthewhale great photographs! saw you guys play at the westjet street party. short set but awesome nonetheless 
Is off out tonight... to party, Party, Party... and possibly to make a twat out of myself LOL!!!  Enjoy your weekend!!! xxx
goin to movies and pool party :O 
http://twitpic.com/3jnt6 - Party weekend 
went swimming with the westons and got burnt now going to a pool party 
party todayy  excited 
@nakrissimo Can I come?  I could use a nice decadent party. 
@mattathayde Booming regardless of the tea parties, but disappointed when I saw trending topic tea parties. Not what I thought it was. 
I'm quite exited for hannahs party 
getting ready for surprise 30th party 
@RachelRoth dope. we're heading to the @do512 bbq pre party. then #del at emo's! stoked. 
waiting my friendsss, at night we go to a party 
@melimel2100 that's if its a birthday party 
back from star studded .. 80s birthday party 
almost heading to a church party. what uuuup with thaat! 
is out... looking hot... wearing her party shoes... call to join 
@DiannaB haha! well then, welcome to the party! 
party was soo much fun 
@Crayons15 business in the front party in the baaaack! hollazz! 
@dannywood @jordanknight @nkotb chosing music for the Nkotb Party in my country this25, Guys is you wanna come  you are more than welcome 
Dance party anyone?! 
is in a party mood 
Party is pretty awesome 
@donnymack @sexyanks dont party too hard with sex yanks. you'll regret it in the morning 
Headed back to the hotel for a hotel party 
Home from a fun party 
serena's party was bomb  fuseball was fun ! haha now off to bed, good night
@thbernhardt i see   #EduCamp-Party #TheRoovers #ec09
@JustinHerman that sounds like a slumber party. 
Party is crakn! And I'm still here!!  
back from freinds engagement party. am looking forward to the wedding as that was a seriously well planned engagement do!! 
zombie party was fun  bffs are buzzed, going home now! get thaaaat
Party last night was a blast! 
Watching scrubs and about to eat pizza after a party!!! YAY!!! 
party at my house 
last night was good  thank you james for the best party ever 
@Zhaime will miss you lots zoeeeeeeeee! look forward to your party though 
@natalie_mary can we have a tea party tomorrow night? I have a cute tea set 
there's seriously a party at my house  its fuckin' epic.
here ; going to church ; then to my aunts for a birthday party ; then probably back on here 
@AndyFraser so glad dat u got ur party  
@xjayzx okieee...see u in a bit..party party!! yeehhaa  xx
@ncantu no way, you missed out!!!  the gas station was amazing. Huge party.
getting ready for the staff christmas party, yes i know its post easter, its a combo party 
@elsiecake can't wait to see party scene pics 
actually a little sad that the party is over... as much as party planning stresses me.. i actually love it 
getting ready to go to the party 
@rantingsteve I'm still here.  and when its time to party I will party hard!
@metagaming beer won ! ok for a tea party 
@JenelleEN It's more of a party favor to me. We barely use ours unless we have company. Now that you've mentioned it I want to play it 
@jmacsbabyy hey hun how was the party last night?! 
Headed to a baby shower. Party, party, party all weekend! It's been fun. 
@LotteeDottee, we likes to party. We don't cause trouble and we don't bother nobody... 
http://tinyurl.com/dalzm2 sup party bus!? 
@otherblackstuff you enjoy the party tonight 
Me and my mum are having a party cause my bro goes back to school tomoz 
@chiskop - welcome to the twittery party 
@futuresocialite I miss you too! I really do feel like we're getting old. We should throw ourselves a joint birthday party 
I'm feeling lazy...or maybe I'm just tired from my dad'd birthday party...whatever. 
WOW, so are bloc party! 
@islandsea @islandsea ahh brilliant! we should all get together and have a tweet party 
Jaaaaaaah won the cup-game after penalty  party party...
Is so ready for the weekend! Party time baby! 
Here honey, have some party mix it'll make you feel better, or worse. that's what i love about party mix, you never know 
Helping decorate for a party 
going to party later! yay! 
@_writersblock_ good!! there's a party in the nest, B is there, come join us girl!! 
@billbeckett rushmore  have a nice tea party. I think I might just have one too.
@souljaboytellem I wanna party too. 
 bout to party in a tent 
Almost got caught by the cops @ a party. But escaped!  ~jeffery
great party 
Listening to some good tunes at locklear's house party 
mini after party at my house! lol..all 5 of us 
at a party on vineland 
Just been to my first 4th bd-party. I was hoping for more tantrums, hair pulling and cake fights - far too civilised for my liking 
party hard bitches 
Beach party later, at least the weather is nice 
Just had hair cut i feel BALD!! also Party 2morro night W00P  Also very bored now!!!
is never having a party again haha! messy, messy times :o no hangover thoughh, scoreeeeeeeeeeeeee! 
@KristyRee welcome to the party 
Party hard tonight! 
party party partyyyyyy... life is a party  wuuuuhooooooo dance ..dance.. party all night long 
birthday party tonight 
party tonightt  &amp; got my mcfly cake&lt;3
live to party - jonas brothers 
@superpayne i cant. im going to a tiedie party at the student building 
Going to pub-on-the-beach party with M tomorrow! 
@roisinmeeehan How was the party last night? 
Party today 
Just came back from helaynas limo party. it was immensee. 
cousins communion party 
going to a margarita party tonight   
had a good surprise party last night 
you gotta live to party and bust a move 
Going to a party!!!! 
Is getting ready for the big surprise party 
@kymberlyh 1999 sucked. effin y2k?! party like its 2009! 
I'm back from the party! So tired! 
@jwright Same here  Party in my room  lol
4 AM and party's still going 
Party last night was good  my first drunken brawl 
I love my family they really know how to party 
Thea's Party soon 
@minniem That really does sound like fun! I would have loved a party like that, too  .
... ahhh... peace and quiet ... the youngest is at a party and the eldest in his room pretending to do homework 
Best party I've played at in years @ #spacegarage - thankyou crazy ppl  xxxxxx
Molly and I need to find crayons.  It is a crayon party.
strike and cast party. 
is awake, ready for church, and ready for his  birthday party 
@andyfrahm @dorafang @jimboxp  Thanks for the responses last night, but I lost my right to party and had to go to bed.  
I can really plant fast when I have Polka Party on 
that party last night was awfully crazy i wish we'd taped it...... oh wait we did. 
@dhaltom7 that wasn't a pity party. i was out here at 5:45am. no way would i have been there except for participating. 
@skquinn that doesn't sound fair, right?  really, i see you're tweeting from a party. what's it like?
Recommend  @dcjc Tea Party 2.0  http://tparty2.com/
Loving the party 
@johnreppion also thanks for coming and playing the party games! The pics are good 
Everyone is here. We're off to party now 
I couldn't have planned a better surprise party for my hubby 
@mrxtothaz you should not be wasting the may bank holiday in the crappy north- you should be down south in brighton where the party's at 
@hughsbeautiful Oherr it's soon then, do you have plans? I had a party on saturday  x
going to the lumberjack party 
1 surprise party today, 2 parties tomorrow.  FunFunFun! But, need to finish bug project. O_O
@cschug We do! Its been to long! I think i have next weekend open. When are you going to have the house warming party 
grecia! its between mood &amp; party! i wanna see him lol but we are going out fershure. 
i feel like a princess.  i love lingerie parties!
my dad is mad cause I hid in my room for his entire dinner party 
Lossing power while your in your house alone? Not fucckinggg cool. Party at cakss! 
Is having a darts party with the parentals, my neighbor, and @livia9778! 
@Bearablescents The SiteWarming parties usually do very well....if I do say so myself.    #sigjeans
having a creative party with me, myself, and moi 
party in the beach 
after prom party tonight 
Alright! Party was a success! We all had fun, &amp; now it's over 
I had a great time at the surprise party! We got him good! 
that party was a great time  just got 'paranoid' by @jonasbrothers as a ringtone! yay 
Haha. Lacey just shutdown the livestream. Party time 
@andrewsayer again, surely the uploading could wait until you got home?  I'm all about enjoying the party when you can.
@CharlieShrem  alright...I'm going to get off comp now, go back to ur party  be safe  &amp; have fun!
I am back from the best party ever 
- had a great time at the 'block party' - so did mackenzie 
I received some excellent birthday presents!  Party was the usual success.
Sounds like there's a party up the street.  I guess they forgot to invite me 
@RetroRewind I know its a Block Party but would love to hear a DH original if you get a chance 
back from melly's party... i had fun...  i'm sleepy now...
@GabrielSaporta @SUAREASY @NovarroNate you guys were absolutely amazing tonight, as always. thanks for always bringing the dance party. 
off to my cousins confirmation + confirmation party 
wow! party! my new life! it is awesome! no more girlfriends they just create tons of drama! babes at a party is the way to go!  just w ...
bbq party 
off to the family party 
finally home  crazy party 2nite! thanks @jacksterlope 4 driving me home!
Cleaning up from yesterdays wild party 
The place you want to be invited to is the after party and that's where I am at 
had fun at seans party 
@AmCrack nope. But throw your own fabulous party instead. 
I survived the stupid family party 
Party time before bartenders bash tomorrow!! I'm not even a bartender but fuck it! I'll be there!! 
At my going away party! Ps my sister rocks 
@ERICALAUREL party party paaaarty!!! hopefully soon we will again  have fun tonight!
@xxKalishaxx I fink you should have to make this boat, seeing as you are being the inconvientent one and having the party in aussie 
glad there wasnt a party tonight  got to chill in my hot tub with some friends and recuperate! party hard and goin strong thurs_sun mornin
@manafu Party? ... where / when / who? 
@shedburn Just left the party bb; doesn't mean the other three will be joining them in their suite 
the 'Villains' remix of 'Bloc Party's' ARES track is pretty amazing!!  awesome!
@ChrisMdotCom we should all organize a tweet party 
I REALLY need a party! feel like dancing 
@antoniothonis yes, apparently it's our party 
@euroquest enjoy it and let's have a party after 1 june 
@JenniferKinkade get ready when you come back hardcore dance party 
Going 2 a party 2moro ...looking forward 2 having some fun 
bancroft bash fail.....now slumber party 
 going to reach 1,000  party time! 
waiting for the guest of honor to arrive at her frickin party!!! 
And the real party begins 
just got back from the pedal party  fun times
@heatherkupkake my mom's taking Ryleigh the sunday before memorial day over night. Party at my house? 
@sarabecca: We're at a redneck party.  of course she's not ok.
@uthamis come down next weekend for my birthday party at graffiti 
time to party it up..  [N]
just got back from the dinner party  had a great time
I'm guilty for actually having fun while having a party.  
party!!! 
The party was awesomeee 
Home from the &quot;After Party!&quot; haha it was fun! 
I prepare for the party 
Is out and about time to party and drink cause its saturrdddday 
@ steveterada hahah represent, you party animal! i love it 
loves this party 
@tangelobaby How'd the party go? 
Just came back from the best party ever!!!!!!! 
Just left tji fridays ! And i think we found a after party 
So the palms party was moved now we are going to where its at 
just got home from prom and after party 
hanging out with @pogsperalta at the party. he says hi. 
what a great birthday party. 
@mmitchelldaviss; you should make another party music, pretty sure that would be saveeeet 
@LeeStanfield congratulations  i think a party is in order to celebrate.
party,party,party. 
the party of yesterday was great  but i'm so tired, because i don't sleep nothing! eating an enormous menu of macdonald's ...
Theres a party just for me!?!?!?! 
church. then grad party. 
is all excited about my party!!! 
family party todayyy!! 
help us to create a little database of good #techno clubs in the #usa ! reply with @technorulez and retweet  Party Hard!
going to april's then to stephanie's party  im annoyed right now tho'
he's so cute.    now off to drive 2 hrs to shoot a wedding, then a party for me and some other graduating people tonight.  wahoooo
the party was good 
@backstreetboys ah I also went to a wedding party for two weekends ago! haha... friend of mine. and it's so fun too! 
soo think someone should have a party this weekend preferably sat?  so i have an excuse to wear my dress which hasnt arrived yet LOL.
@Mitch1079 So....since you're back...wanna party? I think you do! 
Home from Tmurgz confirmation party  ! gaaaah, laundry, cleaning, and some homework. Unbelievably frustrated.
@TwinHappyJen I don't have twins but have shared parties.  One party, multiple cakes/decor.  
@pablosu I imagine the mess before the party! 
@pablosu I imagine the mess after the party! 
got my nails done   the shopping then movies with calen and then a party 
is &quot;getting ready&quot; for a party tonight!   hanging with my cousins!
thinks Bloc Party is currently her favorite band. 
has decided on policewomen for lilys party!!, today was so funny  x
@elliotronen ah, down by nyu today? party party since semester is over  someday we will cross paths!!
Shooting now, party tonight 
going to a party!  ill bbl, bye!
Family photoshoot then @mandymayhall's graduation party 
Hot damn. Party is open bar. On third drink. 
is going to a party 
lucky to have friends like ours. what we thought was a bday party was actually a surprise party to celebrate our engagement! thanks guys! 
after party 
Kreeyate's amazing &quot;I Like to Party&quot; track is up on youtube here, http://bit.ly/fdKjm   electro ftw
i going to the party 
having a party. 
A great sunday for a surprise party for daddy!!  he was clueless!!
@JefferyPage it is a jeffry party... And you jeffery page, were invited 
Just ending the party 
preparing for dance party  i m so excited
just got back from my friend's party...1 of the craziest party i've ever been.. 
ready 4 the party!!!!!!  I LOVE IT!!!
@Dramagirl i know, late to the party as usual  ... ah well
@_raz_ join the party, check out my profile pic 
@vegan4me looks like the start of a pretty good party to me.  thank you!
Headed to cedar point! Party time!!! 
@keza34 didn't attend the service itself only the party afterwards 
Congrats @bluemarina!! I will be taking you out to party 
deciding on an outfit to wear to the party 
@brianlewisjones ...you want to be called nickelback jr? yes! party? 
@jdar Every party has a pooper  Today it's you hehe
is happy... soon the party begins 
I want to party 
Graduation party was a success.  I cleaned up everything &amp; now looking at the pictures I took.
birthday party coming soon 
what a party last night, what a party!!! 
party yesterday was soooo great fun 
going to party hard tonight 
will be out to party. will get my nails done first 
@tatiiz89 lol go on ichat!!!!!! Haha insomnia party 
Now I rerrange my room and after I get ready for the party on evening...Huuugeee! I'm so excited  That will be great!
cheers to @prolificd @ankita_gaba @realin @iMBA @keeda @thenewbnb for helping me with awesome #jaljeera party 
awakee  very tired xD tonight a party ^^
Party @ Gent tonight!  whihihihihi
@mayank rock the #jaljeera party  ;)
@prateekgupta oh u missed the #jaljeera party where @mayank served us #jaljeera and @iMBA drank it all! but no worries, u can join us now 
@jordanknight as long as I have the $, I'm there!!!! Party on the boat! Where r we goin'? Jamacia? 
just back from the supermarket. bought some stuff for my party tomorrow yeaay 
not gonna lie... i'm so ready for the weekend (and the party) to begin! 
not feeling good :/ but has to go to school for her final speech which im excited for  then sat. party with morgan all night
Just had a short dance party all by himself in his apartment,,,it was wonderful 
@joshtastic1 It's a communion so smart for the mass and fabulous for the after-show party. Not got much time now but I'm great in shops 
@ThisIsntRinny lmao aww that made me laugh  if yall throwin a party tellem its $2 to get and $5 to drink.
so excited hawaii fam might come to my party 
may not have gone to get crunk at the party but had fun hanging out with my cousins 
@tazmanian_soul awwww just made me think of @nkotb singing blame it on the alcohol at deck party on cruise!   lol! No I blame it on tivo!
good morning party people! 
I'm super excited for the tea party! 
@typesetjez Of course it will be fun!! It's always a party when I'm around. 
Like a party in your pants 
@macmoreno whenever you're free and up for it  ... it might be a little while. i should save up some monies for a party 
I'm feeelin' queasy. Party tommmorrrrow! Exciteeed 
wooho, i didnt realise i have 70 followers!!  im happy..thinking that if/wen hit 100 im throwing cyber furry party with treats n tunes
@imjstsayin welcome back...it has been a little slow..no party happening tonight...MrNoodle played one song for me..but no more 
@terrynwilliams I'm off to a networking party about kids fashion.... our divergent lives... 
welcomes http://www.plurk.com/miahthegreat (miah) to plurk wooorld!  (party) http://plurk.com/p/wxdlg
Party Tonight  @marshymelly who's coming?
@candyviolence i'm glad  and good news! dancing boy said the party is a pregame for czar! so we'll be waaaasted w00t
awesome weekend coming up  hermosa, carnival, party, more parties, bbq!
Just survived near death at another bachelor party...  
is excited for her party !!! 
is for the weeken in coratiy - spring jam - best students party ever 
Party tonight  shake it ....
