Most common words for this cluster:
[('people', 1177), ('others', 85), ('time', 36), ('work', 34), ('lol', 28), ('amp', 28), ('life', 21), ('today', 20), ('way', 19), ('haha', 17), ('person', 17), ('friends', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'people', 0.9524370431900024), (u'others', 0.6231589913368225), (u'folks', 0.5912884473800659), (u'individuals', 0.5910924077033997), (u'them', 0.5807477831840515), (u'peple', 0.5695159435272217), (u'peole', 0.5675088167190552), (u'poeple', 0.5656021237373352), (u'those', 0.5625689625740051), (u'citizens', 0.5594887733459473)]





@DjAlizay I really don't think people choose to be that way. But I think he chose not to accept my family's help   He might be dead by now
@treesahquiche okay, about the applepears, I've talked to a few people and they've ALL had them before. No one ever told me, never 
can't believe it! I'm in disbelief of it all in a way really. How much can I take from people and always get hurt by others!! 
@PaulColes  hmmm...greed is good when it motivates the individual to do better-not so much when it takes away from others 
 Why do other pet care people try to run others out of business? Or send suspicious e-mails fishing for info?
@TheBlondeTheory  ditch in another parish. Some really sick people in this world. 
@Bradqb13 I know the feeling man. Just lay low for a while. Some people are just like that ... 
@bekibutton Its very tough isn't it I'm virtually picking people up and shaking them to get every penny out! V stressful 
why i can`t find dear friend  i need her to tweet with me ! help me people !
@servermojo I love your service but getting too many false positives to tell people about my public page I'm afraid 
Buttload of work....i wish people hated cars more 
wow.... http://digg.com/d1nzKq  and people here complaine about our buses here... ( don't know if this link will work ) i'm new 
Gearing up for a long workday...I strongly dislike people who arrive late to get their kids!!!!!!! 
@robby1051 I know people who don't even use the straps. Makes me nervous 
Evidently I am shitty at cheering people up 
Is thinking that some people over react 
won points in the office F1 betting. but lots of people ahead of me coz i didn't bet in the first race 
Wow, the kids in the neighboring building/complex are being 5 thousand decibels of obnoxious 
Now you can't see other people's number of updates 
who wakes up early on vacation?! these people are crazy  i need coffee.
missed palm springs soo much!! that was the BEST group of people!! 
@k_anelundi is wondering when times are tough why people kill their entire family    I don't get it, kill yourself not the children.
@davefmv i hate football people as much as i hate female singers 
@paurubio it ruins it when others tweet for u. 
cause people are tuning out!  #asot400
why is it that i can be happy for others and not for myself?  grr.
Just got in from a not so cool night  Just don't understand how some people can be so inconsiderate of others!
@hesperus dont think they sell properties to people collecting unemployment checks though 
is tired of the people who live above her and tired of allergies and just tired in general 
Is really sick at work and can't leave because there are 3 people instead of 4 working 
other people's messages tell me that it's sunny but its so hazy in the centre that the sky looks grey 
@Trinkett there I was trying to prevent people beating each other... I thought we were gonna win, but we just let it slip away 
Preparing important note for to morrow on the survival of a company.  We have to think 'many times', there are many people involved 
@soultravelers3 All the good prizes contest are always restricted to usa citizens... I always feel so left out. 
people never cease to amaze me...time to get ready for work 
@sleepwhenimdead that was fast.. lol. there's already a few people at the mall already and its not even open yet! 
@happyvince I can figure out the activ8 but other than that - I would never remember the others 
I'm being all avoidy with people from my project. 
Not cool, I can see people sunbathing from the workshop windows 
@jonmcbride I wish it was filling up for me too!  Where are all of the invitations people???
@BronSt unfortunately I'm also newbie so hoping that others will keep me on track too 
The articles on how people with friends live longer and loners like me are just going to die don't help. 
poo morning. just found out my mates buying a house. i cant even get a job. some people dont realise how lucky they are 
Shouldn't complain though, at least i have a job. Millions of people are unemployed and getting layed off. 
@Joliet68 bloody silly delivery people! 
@AlisonFreed  That's sad   Even though I am not sure how I feel about her choice to keep the child, people should not be so heartless.
mean people are killing a huge tree on my street 
@cbrueggenolte the one social network i like is being invaded by people that i don't like 
I wish we would get fully staffed already, I'm tired of interviewing and doing other people's jobs 
sometimes I hate people who actually get to spend time with thier significant others 
@One2ManyWords i wonder who is leaving next...it sucks cause all the people that are left...i love ! 
I worked in a pet store and people would ask how big I would get......... 
Is just getting off work, most people are either sleeping or partying 
doesn't like it when people ask me if I'm pregnant.... I'm not I've jsut eaten too much chocolate this last month 
@jordanknight so what made you decide on those specific people out of all the entries you received?  i'm shunned there's none for me....  
escalator can be so dangerous!!!!  caaaareful people!!  
why are people acting so weird lately? i want spaghetti 
Is unfortunatly wasting time helping people who wouldn't help me 
@Asraful haha ... but I don't leave people behind  And I kill everyone on the map. I'm terrible at this!
How many people are NOT going to bamboozle? You can be all depressed and gloomy with me.  &lt;|3
http://twitpic.com/4enq7 - If you look close to the platform in the center of the picture you can see much people. 
found out the people that were basically my second set of parents growing up aren't together anymore 
Just getting to work...I have drunk people to deal with, I really do not like dealing with drunks! 
feeling like all i am is second best and second choice to people.   
omgz, this is why i don't watch boxing. i don't like people being hurt. 
@JessicaMonster I have made the pledge myself.  It hurts too much when you are close to others. 
just got up!slept only for 3 hours and some people just couldn't stop knocking *i honestly don't know who*!now i can't get back to sleep. 
Just woke up to people argueing...what a treat 
is annoyed  why do people never pick up the phones when you really need them too?
I don't know what to do with people who interpret my sense of responsibility as being shilly-shally. They just don't understand. 
@kristianramirez I've been guilty of it myself, people have fights, but this is above and beyond not normal 
not sure how people function without a car.... 
thedailyshow.com finally realized people from other countries could watch the show online. I'm now cut off and inconsolable 
@irintintin because people always laugh at our mistakes 
still can't sleep. This sleeping disorder or insomia or whatever people call it,,it really sucks!! 
is going to the mall. why do people always do that? ugh stop ruining plans i made. 
lol, people don't like me today. i just dropped 5 followers within 6 hours. 
I hate and don't want to talk on the phone unless you are 1 of 2 people. 
on the way to school bbye people 
tired of certain people and wishing not to leave others so soon. 
@hellivina you sounded like you needed it... people as a general rule alternately are great or can suck.. i'm sorry 
@natural_beautie lol does it hurt? &amp;&amp; I don't understand why people have babies if they know they don't want it smt so depressin 
@darthchilli but my legs blind people because it's so pale 
@JaneBurgess I can not imagine ever living that close to people again.When we are in palm desert at the condo I will be annoyed by that 
Having trouble keeping track of tasks and people.    I'm so disorganized!
It occurred to me today that people live their lives according to some rules that aren't their own... &amp; they don't know it 
ahhh, some people are too lucky! :O  ...really wish my dreams could come true..ohwel maybe one day it will be me.
I'm jealous of you people and your food-smelling. 
@ninjalinda it wasn't people in my dreams. 
poor people where got hit by the tornado 
@bunnymousekitt stephen fry is awesome  and hey! we're following the same amount of people! only...you haz more followers 
I get stupidly excited when new people follow me and go and look and it's usually just spammers. 
@edwardvirtually i agree. our politicians have turned their backs on the people. again...  
She makes people feel bad about themselves, including me sometimes, which is hard to do! I think I have to slowly break the friendship 
...try out and they didn't take me. It's really aggravating because i know i'm better than a few of the people who i think made it 
No volunteers.  To bed with me then.  
so drained ...tired of people and their lies 
@krisette cause people pee on the handles 
Struggling..trying to get people to do my survey 
Overly drunk people at the diner  ugh
@ashwinuae luks ill have to do with just dial and people walking down the road 
I hate when people tell me dreams can't come true... 
is bored. Not so much people are going online. 
It raining... :/ I hope people realize what's happening to our planet before it's too late 
@ComedyQueen i no  but we still in it #TwitterTakeover hope fully if we can keep it in the cloud it will b on the list of special people
ComedyQueen i no  but we still in it #TwitterTakeover hope fully if we can keep it in the cloud it will b on the list of special people
i met some missionaries today..then threatened to kill a dog...i shudnt be allowed near people 
I'm not getting emails people send to me, if i don't respond to you I probably didn't get it 
Suddenly!! i love twiter. but why people can not find me from my username?? 
Its hard to know when people think that you are not good enough but it is even harder when you learn it from your loved ones. 
there's not enough people online at this time to talk to 
the use of women and children in this protest concerns me.. this doesnt seem like the way to go about getting support 
@itsonlywords &amp; the largest proportion of voters to residents ever measured 
Y are we not twittering about http://snurl.com/hzfbs ? people need to know about @lauraling and her work on @current 
I need to grow balls and learn to kiss people sober. I miss you already. 
Why do others think that I matter more than I? 
- @TendaiJoe well none of us are getting out of here alive but we would like to stay a while.I wish people would stop killing each other 
1.4 bill and 16th at last update... seems people have been naughty overnight and @jottcompaq has suffered the most 
@jessalina cont... &amp; people have to search it  - but we can put trending topics in our updates so when people search we come up haha
@mileycyrus you won't believe how many fake mileys there are on a germanwebsite for pupils.. and many people believe them 
@caitlingray and have come to the conclusion that people are either really stupid or really rude. It's slightly upsetting 
@TBMassacre The video says it is private, so I cannot view  But I'm sure a million other people already told you that!
@kristinanne personable=communicates with staff at all levels &amp; impressionable.  It's just that I have seen people ignore them  #28fresh
@reichoole celebrities don't usually follow normal people unless they know them personally. 
Cancer is such a deadly horrible disease... We need to unite and fight to cure cancer for all... To many people lose the fight... So sad 
I'm lonely... Not in the people not being around me way though... 
@sarahG I don't think so - I just added it like the others 
none of the people im following are tweeting  lol
Wonders how to get people to follow her. 
@Cellobella me too! So annoyed that people could be so short-sighted about daylight saving. 
Rather gutted I can't go see people in planes when they come to glasgow. I go down for my uncles birthday then 
@LogicalThoughts well even if I wanted to come I can't now  .. and I still don't know what is it, a meet up with people I don't know?
good times last night. i miss my buffalo people 
thinking about the people she's going to keep and the ones she just doesn't need anymore 
@petsalive That is so sad  I am glad you were called and could get her back. I don't understand what goes through people's minds sometimes
just found out one of the people i know have the C disease. 
i need to find places to meet people 
why do people not just try to understand instead of getting pissed off  when someone needs you, its cause they love you...
@belletrist9  noooo! not you getting sick too. too many people in the past 1.5 months.
I hate when people make up fake profiles in order to snoop.. very sad really 
i have got a free lesson wooo!!!!!!!! im bored now  some people can never win
I hate when people want things from a million years agooooo 
On work. Some people are really annoying 
Its sad to see people let down by the system, alone swigging a bottle of cider in the streets 
damn. i think they're spam people.. 
panic jobs, people off sick and its only 11am 
@EarthLifeShop I know! It makes it hard for the real causes and real people that need help 
all ill and alone  ah well i get to listen to wicked why fellow school people listen to a 'motivational' speaker haha
It should be a law against people working on their birthdays. Like me today. 
@samwattsmusic they are bad cancelling people with liquid diarrhoea for brains 
getting ready for field service...still can't follow people 
Rubbish, just found out 2.5 people are going to be made redundant at work. 
The airport keeps taking people away from me.  
@andysowards welcome to 3009 andy. good to see people still use ancient communication services. there is no president anymore though 
stupid people broke my keyboard 
Normally i'm pretty good at not letting people get to me but this time I can't seem to shake it off... 
I'm in the subway surrounded by smelly people.. 
sometimes can be more tough and annoying than others 
@jenleclair it was awesome! We had a great turn out. Wish you had come  But there will always be others!
trying to figure out how to work this this :s and find people i know on here! i have no friends so far  lol x
i have a fear of being great for being liked. better to look ugly and small than to be desired by people.  if you can only see
needs to find more people to follow on here ... i feel so alone 
wtff is with all these random people adding me?! its getting annoying how i always have to frikken block them 
Why do people have to lie and cheat when selling online? I feel so used. 
On the train  Why do fat people insist on opening the window?  I'm so cold   X.
at work ... like few people toaday 
@FelipeAzucares hah. was that sarcastic? so many people hate on it  but I embrace its many faults!
follow people 
@MissMary you really didnt get the sarcastic response to when people say they are deaf 
it's mean to make people work when they woke up believing they were on holiday 
I'm so annoyed i fell asleep during how to lose friends and alienate people, i really wanted to see it 
@BrittGoosie aww -huggles- well some people are just shit heads  fuck 'em!
@sleemol I feel your pain. We have a tonne of people in the spa below us that are being SO loud 
@bobbyllew all the people that caught my attention in 2005 have vanished from the top views/subs list. All corporate accounts now 
I feel bad to turn down requests to read other people's rough drafts.  I just have too much writing and revising to do.  
@AQuietMadness Most people are lol. How tall are you? We're not allowed. The top is the same as the skirt 
thinks that all scam artists who resort to scamming people in search for puppies are bad people and need to go away so I can get a puppy! 
@monicatailor lol - luckily I've had many people let me know by turning down my invite to a education &amp; training providers meeting 
@Squibby_ well lucky in the sense that you found people. I came out at 15 and no one even went near me til I was 19. 
needs people to follow me..i dont have anyone 
@MelanieHicks cuz people like that have no remorse or conscience 
@venzann They were personalized to the people in my target audience and I have no spares sorry 
i dont like it when people steal my 3g card 
@MauraRoxanne im bad with age and telling how people old are 
i really am sad at the fact that all the people that have met him already....get to meet him again. 
@RezaEvol  the people its so stupid they dont know the power of the woords 
won't have a working camera for the picnic this weekend  Although, many other people will 
@30SECONDSTOMARS OK, wait, what? O_O about what? details, people, details 
@ohrebecca I was in high school in 1989. Those people are now adults! Makes me feel old. 
@LAsnark I am not a spammer and was sad you unfollowed  but then again i dont want people following if i bore them, so do what thou wilt!
@slickiris video is not available to us foreigners 
@Brookeleeadams hang in there- health should be priority #1 right now! i do hate seeing good people get mistreated so i'm genuinely sorry 
confused on why and how people pose as others on twitter. I mean they really do their homework on peoples lives to imitate them. it's sad 
So many farewell parties! sad to see people leaving .. 
what's wrong with people? Second break-in at Wallmans tonight 
I think I've forgotten to mention some people on my video 
sick n tired of people who steal other people's work 
i need people to talk to me please im very bored  x  follow me!
for all the effort and time put into some of these relationships with people, you learn enough not to trust anyone... 
@cherishable73 i guess it's easier said than done for some people.....myself being one of them unfortunately 
is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if I'm so and so from TV, or that I look familiar. I thought I was original. 
@AboutK damn - doesn't show how people are more conservative in blackjack 
@tahitianmom that truely is sad news to hear  we are all created equal, so sad to know our neighbors are such prejudice people 
has no people skills. 
@happyseaurchin It tells me I'm not a member of the private beta  and I'm not going to just start pretending to assassinate people 
@teejay41...  that was meeeaaannn. people make mistakes ok?! lol
They raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. Yay 
had plans with people but they cancelled...now what to do? 
Wating to get my hair cut before prom. It sucks people screaming instead of talking.     Probably going to be wating for another hour  ...
I learned that people are very greedy when it comes to freebies.I left toys out for freecyclers and one person tried to take it all. 
Is sad when people's phones are dead 
I just told the people that matters the most to me to just leave me alone... I fucked up again. 
@playspymaster I want an invite - sick of seeing all these links for people playing and being left out 
On duty in the students union with only 3 punters. There are more of us here than members of the public 
Lol..2 people in falcon..and boo one of them being becca 
@Glinner I'm sorry. It sucks I can't get spotify free. I would never stop you but I just got 5 links from 3 different people. It's crud. 
@MrsDDoubleU no I want too, but a couple of people said it wasnt good 
@tarneisha boo  you can come over and we'll watch telenovelas and braid each others hair.
@tinylegacies D: But it is making people unhappy and I dun like unhappiness 
Families  I really feel for some people and wish I could help but I can't
@eric_extacy lol i know eric, i wont delete you! just people i dont really know and never talk. and bands 
a reply from @zackalltimelow would  make my life, he replies usually to the people who call him gay, then he tells them he willblok them 
#myweakness too loving ...i always let negative people into my life 
@wattersm Curious, how was it too simplistic? Also, reading the docs requires people to...well, read.  Most feel that is a wste of time 
why do people insist upon making me get dressed when i'm having a fat day? i threw out all my fat people jeans 
sometimes people just react different when they are under pressure  
I need my check...they couldn't just direct deposit like normal people!! 
If people don't come on and help me get some life going back on the forums, I'll just scrap them. :-\ You've been forewarned. 
I don't know how to add people using my phone 
@RBaldry And lastly, the thing that gets me is when cyclists act as though they're more important than all others - and many of 'em do. 
i don't see how people can adopt an animal than just put it up for sale when they tire of it, it's not a damn couch 
drunk... i miss people. 
i just realized... people open up to me but i seldom do that... even to my most treasured friends!!! 
Maybe it's time to nudge some people. I'm getting pretty lonely out here. 
back, and the half are those people whom i love but betrayed me. 
Oh no someone put out a survey and put all the emailadresses in the to: field, including mine   Why are such people allowed to use mail...
@shaundiviney because they get told they are transvestite and the are such high standards on the way people look now days it sucks 
WOW #marsiscoming is a trendin topic and its some people spamming it over and over 
@jesssicababesss It was sooo funny, she tried to the first time but all them people were there 
@PrettYDreaD724 if u go have a great time i am getting jelous of people now  lol
I might be epilectic. I keep falling asleep and missing important events like picking people up. 
@communicated  i cant figure out how else to assassinate people that i could actually beat. you have me hooked!
@MaxChangmin  many people will wish to cook for you if you want..aiys..just finish my grandfather funeral.. 
@ItaloGnomo omgggg I've seen fliers for that show, why must some black people try so hard to be white? 
satnite : just remembering my last special satnite with special persons 
watching a documentary show wherein they talk about people killing animals to create products out of it. I feel bad for those animals. 
@mileycyrus why are you feeling a little  ?? can i help you?? i know i'm just a fan. but i'm a person 2 and i like help people love u M.
is jealous of all these people jetting off on holiday 
I don't think I'll do too well at spymaster since I refuse to spam people. 
Getting a little tired of trusting people only to have them fail me over &amp; over 
Why r cab drivers rude to old people 
Bones finale was as disappointing as people said it was 
@roxiijonas  I hate people who say that.If they were fake they just plain wouldnt be wearing them.I get why you talked about sex now.
I wish I had invited people over for today...damn lack of internet interfering with my social life. 
got yelled at.  apparently it's not okay for me to have a good day if other people aren't.
is a talkative person even though I am shy. I just wonder why most people have a problem with conversation. 
I cant stand those people that create 10 accounts with the same pic 
Waiting at my aunts house for people to call 
Maddeningly lonely here, actually. I should have stayed with the others. 
http://okimok.com/people/mutz - satan was present in stupid discoteque 
@JIMarshall I talk so much trash about people and their 40s...I guess I got what was coming to me  I felt like all eyes were on me LOL
Aaaahhhh im such the oppiset of baseball people 
Its funny when people say they'll be there to help if you need them yet when time comes they're not or all they do is complain about it. 
too many people and children. i'm satisfied for once, though. yay, family paying for food. i miss zack 
@jkochelek ahhh noperss , i missed the last showing  i actually heard a few people say they cried 
Losing money to drunk people is always fun 
@BKsBABIIGURL we need significant others 
@zaharozoe 212 people fck!  apparently someone around my area has it :/
@TwitteringRav I had to actually beat people who were good to get my achievments 
@AJMIX969 sorry to hear about ur date, people just suck sometimes.    
@norizzle I tried! But the people I was with didn't have time! 
Many people don't realise that mentors have bad days too 
people from dreams should be real 
2/3 lanes blocked  sorry everyone.  people at white castle after the hospital recognized me from driving by the accident
It's like if some people on twitter are eating hot dogs, why should other people announce that they eat gourmet food? 
start twittering again people! 
@chrishasboobs There are reasons people lie. 
@PlasticBlue1990 I think it was his plan all along, he wouldn't kill so many people that we like. Jiraya is staying dead though 
@dreamoscope But the books I need have no previews!  Seriously, what's the point of asking us to regurgitate other people's work lol?
@LetsGoPat some people wouldnt consider them colours though 
I don't understand why people steam vegetables 
I tripped and I fell on my trustworthy heels in front of people, while I shopped alone..  http://myloc.me/2bek
@Juzzash I only have 1,470 songs  I don't get how people have such crazy huge libraries :| how many have a 0 playcount?
@portugaltheman your website is down  i want people say so i can listen to it over and over
@ntoll That sucks. It proves that even good frameworks suffer from people who ignore best practices. 
@southerndelite I suppose they don't believe they amount to enough as themselves which would be sad - or maybe they want to upset others? 
@failwatcher how do you not fail at assassinating, do you have to have more people in your ring or more energy or what?! i hate failing 
@lucysavagex freak. i bet loads of people have kissed it. ew 
its so hot out, people shouldnt have exams in this weather 
Sometimes I guess you perhaps need to face the fact that perhaps some people just don't need you as much as you perhaps need them 
@Charlotteis @iMattR - I agree, but some people think its an improvement on the old one! 
It's always fun showing off ur iPhone when there are people around 
Two people came in and had their cats put to sleep, it was really sad, I wanted to cry with them 
@jaybrannan people just want you to spend money? 
I am all alone, my friends have better people and places to hang 
I hate it when people have such high expectations of me and I can't fulfill them 
I hate seeing homeless people when I don't have change on me 
@christinachick haha I went with a big group of people, but alas my parents were not there.  ha
@mtvawards It won't let people out of the us watch the redcarpet live feed! 
@kjbrown13 know that feeling we got new neighbors last year and they are not what you call &quot;friendly&quot;, liked the people there before 
@livingsecrets nahh just people stop following me and ive been busy 
people like you are why people like me exist. hour in a half left of driving  damn sunburn but yay bring on tanness!
@slamminson I thought about it. Especially when they asked people to give up their seats for people on stand by. But I am on the plane. 
i can smell people grilling hot dogs outside. 
sketchy people suck. 
I am so mad rite why do people lie on thier own children that shiit can get me upset sometimes when I kno I didn't do anythin wrong man. 
@theBrandiCyrus aw. people do assume alottt. 
Loves how people can't answer their phones. 
Waiting to board the plane. All the people I love the most are so spread out. 
why people use noffolow in links? 
i hope the lapse of judgment doesn't make me less of a person to the eyes of these people.. 
@URIENATOR we wouldnt have got there in time  did you talk to them? how many people were there?
Sitting in college bored out of my head  make it fun people!!  xxxz
I have lost most of the people I called friends this year and it's really tough. Most of them just used me but now I'm lonely 
had a blast last night... met some new people that i like.. but missed one person 
don't like Chinese tourists much as some of them are really rude! 
it's a shame that the acts of some individuals have to fuck it up for other people 
i really wish i had no exams left like some people 
I guess sleep is best suited to others 
Praying for the people on the missing plane 
@rinkuhero I actually thought of keeping indiegames.com posts down to 140 chars as well, but I don't think it'd go down well with others. 
Praying for the families of the people on the lost plane, and praying that everyone on the plane is safe and will return home.   it's sad
@andygeog In fairness it's just vanished. That's unusual in recent times. And a lot of people, including 6 children and a baby 
@Ughhh no lost...those people crashed.... 
228 people on board   I am sad
One benefit of #spymaster: It tells you when people unfollow you. Apparently @TheAbramson left me 
shopping for others is difficult task for me... 
@mfhorne It's absolutely terrifying, isn't it? Just gone without a trace, and those poor people, it's not even quick, is it? 
i miss many people in my life 
These images of families of the passengers are really moving  What a tragedy.. 228 people at one go.. terrible..
@jehuthehunt don't get too excited, they have already been fired. cant ship people live ammo unfortunately 
I just listened to these people ragging on the viola 
@rafik problem is people, not technology, sadly.  #cfp09
They shouldn't let so many people on trains when its this hot 
@chanizzle89 I know, why would people make fun of others? 
@wyllie especially since they took away the ability to see people we're not following 
@electrcspacegrl If I weren't 3000 miles away I'd absolutely help. I care more about animals than people so I'd go out of my way, but... 
@stephaniepratt  just remember to pray for the victims and their families 
@HollyTheHermit I think its all the fake foods &amp; chemicals we've made &amp; consume that have made so many people suffer for just breathing. 
really really want solid state hard drives... sorry people my computers are down 
@TomBeasley It sucks that these people are fine to tweet... but I get banned 
my heart goes out to the people who were on air france..  and their families.
how sad, i have a new phone and only two people in it to text 
I pray for the people on flight 447! So sad 
#E3 you people are lucky to watch it, I'm stuck at work 
good, just I guess I'm not particularly good at communicating w/people at times!  I hope I can be forgiven?! ...
@dougchavez i hope the plane gets found very soon so that the people can be buried and come back to their families.there were 13 Italians 
Wondering how in this day an age we can &quot;loose&quot; a plane with over 220 people on board. 
sad what happened to those people/ airfrance accident 
@mduncan_9  they don't sell books in english here,most of the people here speak in arabic and the second language is french  !
Everyone pray for the people on flight 447 and their families. What an awful situation!!  
When the government takes responsibility for everything, the people become children and stop caring about each other...    #tcot
people are just beginning to rock up to work, I've been here for 2 hours already 
sneaky people  i just clicked on some girls link ting and it almost gave me a virus :O! now that was scary...
@spingattack   But you don't want random people?
@flytographer wow no need to call people (us) idiots ... We just admired you ... you have becomed mean 
calling mortuaries trying to find bodies is pretty cool. i'd rather do that than ask the families 
@ThemesbyDesign  228 people on board. 
feeling so miff for the people on that plane &amp; their poor relatives 
When the chaffeaur arrived to keep me home, all the people at the steer looked me like a phenomen! 
Airfrance missing, I hope the people survive! (via @floojo) it's a disaster, believe that they have electronic issues, and hit by storms 
I hate my job. I love the people, I just hate what I have to do. 
@itskarinwithani no not yet. two people have tried to assassinate me; one succeeded in wounding me. 
where is my protector? (the one who will step on people for me) 
You're supposed to be able to follow 2,000 people before you hit a limit, but I'm only following 1893! 
@mycineplex I totally agree. twilight won tons of awards and the other people who really deserved them didnt get them 
need to stop lying to protect people's feelings. its not fair to them or to me. 
I feel bad turning so many people down for lunch. Too much work to do. 
@PushPlayCJ aww!  why didnt you come back with the others? Whats the longest any of you have been separated from the rest?
Watching the news...it's so sad that people are losing their jobs, homes, and income because of greedy corp. execs and politicians 
I have decided to unfollow some people  on my list 
@FallenStar1 people that believe life is like that are daft 
i dont like it when i have to pick up packages for others. I dont get to open it 
I want to see so many people with so little time 
@mrbill I remember complaining to my boss. She said that organizations don't have enough people to pick up the food. It just gets tossed 
(the  was for the people needing the airlift)
@reachpetes Any other plans?... hey man only lucky people get offs on weekdays! not us 
 just passed up going to my favorite bar with most of my favorite people because i hurt so bad  -otte-
@WerewolfSeth I don't like when people mess with my family/followers. 
I stopped following people because  either  a) they don't reply to my tweets or b) they dont tweet at all 
Why some people make me be evil towards them. :/ I hate that. 
today at the produce store l overheard people talking about how they were pulling dead horses out of the trees after the floods we had 
have realised from discussions with younger people that I am now completely out of touch what is 'in' and what is'out'! 
tweethave realised from discussions with younger people that I am now completely out of touch what is 'in' and what is'out' ! 
have realised from discussions with younger people that I am now completely out of touch what is 'in' and what is 'out'! 
Nationalised banks, worst people to deal with 
@dejashu 1) families are gay, as we all know, and 2) i don't like people being hurt 
@Memiakbrasil i know.. i heard the majority of the people on that flight were brazillian! 
thoughts are with all the people that have been affected its terrible 
@JanSimpson absolutely! What a horrid statement to make? He made the rounds insulting minorities and did not spare the children 
@funkineering Why should I be responsible for others? - This is why g'ment cancelled fire refuges because of that type of thinking 
@hassanch same here!!!!it's sooo scary.i feel sooo sorry for all the people that were on the plane 
3 quarters of the followers that actually communicate with me are still talking to me. Not bad. Just 2 key people &amp; I'll be 1 relived man 
I can judge how badly i've treated people by the number of asiapac calls I get 
@chapperscounts because people are sad and they want to steal your details and phish you!! 
people in the library being well loud 
custs mother told me my job wasnt as important to socity as her daughters is, i hate people 
thinking of 228 people who may have suffered one of my worst fears 
No more titanic survivors 
This is indeed very sad  Also my prayers for these people and their families.
These days, there seems to be alot of stories of mothers killing their children, aid in hurting them or dating people who hurt them.   
sad for the people &amp; familys involved in the plane crash 
soo tired.. -.-' but it was so much fun.. i hope our crew won't break up so soon..  i love you people..
Working... missing a few people right now... 
...you people don't reply to my tweets  this makes me unhappy 
@trvsbrkr its sad how many people lost their lives, scary how things like that can happen 
@DenyceMartinez noo, just really sad! you just have nice people to buy you tickets! 
@leeaannee he has children i m in a state of shock. all the good people are married. we need to get married soon  lmao!
@NeoMiniTails I'm also having trouble following people who are following me 
air france tragedy, it's so sad... I can't even imagine how people can deal with that :/ my thoughts to all the families 
Oh I hate ringing people to say they didn't get the job 
@caffeine123 i totally agree she probably didnt have a chance. Its sad that people r giving up on looking for her now too 
SO I leave youtube for 3 hours and I go to reply to a comment someone left and noticed 4 people have unsubscribed to me today. WTF? 
I'm nearly dying in this boredom! pleaseeee, take me out, people! 
@PixieElla I wasnt really paying much attention to that particular page, some other people started asking me to come to shows 
being stalked by primary school people on facebook. there was a reason i didn't keep in contact with some people. not happy 
I wish people had more patience. 
 so many people playing uncharted beta
@annonofrhi  I'm just lucky that most of the people I work with are my age and very openminded. *hugs*
I more drop the home-why are people booking jobs so late 
@DDuB1 so glad others r up. The thunder scared me outta my fauxsleep  @Geeno
people constantly dissapoint and anger me 
some people need special announcement...too bad 
@tezzer57 It's shocking how people treat their pets. They don't realise what a commitment it is, I guess. It's a recurring theme 
It's official, we've made it a whole week without people food 
soooooo mad non of the people i follow answer me back 
@SinnamonS that is such bulls--t!! I hate how we cater to them, they treat their citizens horribly.   
@AaronWarner I was reading on the official forums yesterday that people were having problems downloading. One reason I decided to wait. 
@FelineUnit indeed, as do all catties. I dont think it is right to dress cats, they are not people 
@robertaalice honestly the chances of them both coming back are very slim, they're very expensive &amp; we'd need 1400 people again 
@realestatefeeds Really irritating when people send bad links to articles that don't exist! 
I'm bored.... i wish other people would quit their jobs so i'd have someone to hang out with 
I feel so sorry for all those people who have no water! I'd die 
why in 1492 did we sent all our good looking people over to america, the genes have carried though 
I miss my friends     they are the best people ever
Trying to find some real down to earth people . . .  It's such a hard task 
@wfrv5 I also hope not, but charging for content that people can get for free just pushes people away, hastening the cycle. 
So sad what happened to that plane. How scary would it have been for those people? 
@LilyJang you are correct about people not sleeping well in this heat 
Calling people to come join the gym. I feel like a telemarketer 
me wants food but people don't eat before 7 in this stupid country 
I don't understand why some people are so darn confusing 
@ltrebing because normal people don't care about it and thus don't give feedback pressure to developers. 
doesn't love it when people don't answer their phones 
@DakotaFanning9 i cant add you myspace  it says you need the persons email to add 
I hate seeing homeless people  it breaks my heart
Just ran over a squirell. on accident people 
I cant create groups in tweetdeck   I follow too many people and it crashes the program
the company i work at, which has been doing really well, just had to lay off 3 people.  sad 
I guess some people neve ever change... 
@officialpeta That is so sad!!  I just don't understand how people can act so cruelly to these animals.  
waxing - check ;) i hate seeing unwated people around. smh 
I am trying to follow people but my follow button won't work 
I was able to get the evening shift off... but now im sad... people can be so mean. 
@YankeeGirl20 no fair  some people r just mean
ugh! people these days! 
@kamanu you are telling people to follow peoples, and i wasn't on the lists 
@askheidi  I get follows when I use keywords marketing people search for - then I have to block them. 
@cookersz This show is awesome!  I can't believe people kill whales like that 
wow... no emails from actual people in a week. I feel all's sad 
people should have to take a test before they are allowed to have a dog some people are just cruel and animal control is no help 
Out eating with old people instead of studying for sats 
@paulkerton It bled so much more. And then three others shattered all over me  I wish that we used plastic cups!
I am pretty bored, and i do hate it when people dont answer their phones 
i hate when people change for no reason... 
@justlikeanovel I hate pumping gas!  I wish more places had people to do it for you.
I'm hating certain people right now because of how they treat their animals. Unfortunately, there might not be much I can do to help. 
I love when my characters argue with people.... but it still makes me all sad 
@jordanknight.......i will never get your attention will all these people twittering you..  
@jasonmitchener these people get.And you have to be 70 or over to be in this program.It is ghastly to see!!   Volunteers are so important!
@jasonmitchener  I think that it is a terrible time that we live in...when people care so little about one another!!  
@PTK72 lol i always assume everyone is my size online, then i am always sorely disappointed.  83.9% of people are larger than anticipated 
@DaddyP I know.  I'd rather do tasks than assassinate people.  
Ah work... You sod  it's raining and we predict we won't do many cars by 12. What's twitvid people?
pretty sad to realize that giving all energy to some people can never get aprreciated 
hatee tidying the house for people to come view it! too much effort! 
pretty sad to realize that giving all energy to some people can never get appreciated 
@PattinsonRobT  'cause some people have nothing better to do with their time than cause problems for other people. 
@willcarling I think that you should for the people who are stuck at work and cannot watch it!! 
Wondering why state drivers licenses for regular cars don't include more information about trucks or big rigs, people need to understand! 
pretty sad to realize that giving all energy to some people can never get appreciated 
I don't like being in the house on my own. I always seem to get myself into more accidents when people aren't around than when there are. 
I don't want to be rude, but the people that said they were going to do one... didn't do an entry... and let me down. 
Watching  tsunami documentary.... so sad... so many people died....may them rest in peace.... 
@Andiio not yet, quite a few people are having the same problem.. its likely to be my drivers which can't be upgraded anymore 
@ddlovato I don't like the people who keep talking bad about others 
finds it  to get home and find messages with people getting frustrated at me for not writing back..when i hadn't even read it yet. good.
back to business revision people  be bak in a few mins ...
@CRAZiixLOVEE I always play online and then all those people beat me  lol
wow. i cant text more that 3 people at a time. i am just not that skilled. 
At ShepVal about to donate blood. Too bad there aren't too many people here. 
feels lame because only three people are following her on this massssssssive site. 
@effinxamazing i'm so scared haha so many people have had problems with it too 
When people come in here reeking of cigarettes it makes me gag soooo much...ugh welcome back headache 
Sometimes I'd like having the power to change people's ideas. 
The funeral was very sad.. There were maybe about 20 people... I am glad I was his friend, he will be missed.. 
So the people countered us but only went down 4 grand  we countered them back
I wish people would come climb. 
why is it the day when I need people the most, I feel the most alone? 
Speaking Spanglish cause I forgot Spanish!!  listen in.class people!!
@allyugadawg rude people suck! I had an experience today too. 
The switcher died in the middle of the service... That's always good when just a couple thousand people are watching 
@ButterflyxDream Aww. I'm sorry. I hope that changes soon. I hate people who don't comment when they read. 
@MirandaBuzzfans no!!! the nerve of those people!  you guys are the best!
@matthaze I'm always one of those tourists 
@JamiMiami but in English ... its weird listening to Americans talking soccer. I don't mind the guys of the Premier but after that 
My wheat field was just burned by ashlee army    prey for my people.
@taniistump ok so i'm going to a dinner and i don't know the people so i'm going to be all awkward 
@CGigandet really? do people have nothing better to do than make actors lives miserable? 
Reading an article about people abondoning their pets cus of the economy 
@dcg83 alot of people need to win the lotto right now  wish you could come
@yanijonas i'm not so sure......just too bored at work yesterday...people just don't have to money to buy build-a-bears 
So many people here! We are sitting on the hill 
I don't like the way some people act 
@jcarterslife LOL awh well I'm not even at 40 yet. :/ &amp; most of the people who follow me are like spammers I guess? 
my phones broken and people keep calling me but i cant see who it is 
the show intervention makes me wonder..would i have enough people show up for me if i was addicted to drugs/alcohol? sadly, no.. 
I am so not happy that schools almost over; i will miss all the people i love. 
come on people talk im bored 
IS BORED! doing homework and trying to find people..... its not going so good 
@CheriNJ yes it was! There were so many people there that I wanted to meet but I started to lose track of who was there 
could people stop wasting my time?  i don't know what to do right now
I wish people wre brought up with the same respect as I 
and i've just read a few of the comments... angry people are mean 
i wish creepy people wouldnt follow me 
 i run all out of people. oh well that was a pretty successful hunt haha ;D now i need a bunch of people to add me so i have more victims.
why do people have to be so out of order  *cries*
I hate people that judge my tweets  !
@soyster Aww  can't you go find people? ((hugs))
@TheKness are you lactose intolerant? I don't think most people get this sick 
@4everBrandy but some people just love to hate, its unfortunate 
writing something about people you got to know many years ago is so difficult 
@weller3377 gimme some tips.  I'm foundering at #130.  There are 4 people who have missed a show and have more points than me 
wow it feels weird speaking to people from my first school years.. they have all changed so much!! I miss you guys lots 
I wonder if the people I write to read my tweets  If only some would answer... going to bed now, maybe I'll get a reply soon ^^
Why out there are persons that say they're the real @ddlovato stop doing that is not funny  the persons that do that are so stupid :S
@Mimilainna  @LovelyBlue27 thanks 4 trying 2 help me figure out about the lights.. I was asking random people in the mall no one knew  
@stutterdude It's tough to type w/o fingers, and speech recognition don't work too well w/ our people 
@quackadoodle That was aimed more at people who think it's fun to scare poor animals and laugh at them 
I dunno why people are always finding new reasons to desert me. 
@jennytablina I know.  But at least 306,966 people seem to have literally lost their minds. 
@Rebelled i love it, but it died a quick death. not too many people playing it online anymore 
Does it annoy people in the design field when people make versions of your works? It really pisses me off 
Several people in my life need to get their phones fixed. 
More people want to talk to my little sister than want to talk to me 
just remembered other people start classes today... 
is sad to find out people no longer like #nickelback 
home now.. alittle lonely.. people think I have so much attention, and get so much love from women. but inside im dying, i need someone 
Why when you buy tickets does there have to be a limit of people? 
What am I supposed to think, I just want to let it all out, but when I do, I'm afraid of people's opinion. I don't like that feeling. 
@kristinuhh maybe if we really could make certain people disappear you wouldn't have any appointments 
wishes people would stop smoking outside...it keeps coming into my window 
@marianpatricia he couldnt really reach the high notes.... and some people were complaining that they couldnt hear him 
Home waiting for the roadside assistance people to cone and change my flat 
people should leave animals alone.. they have feelings too you know 
@ViChick people are just chatting on the screen. confusing 
Cutting people off at the podium. Not cool.  
lesbo, patients, older men, family members, male nurses-people that have hit on me in the past 4 days.... but none of them matter 
Is annoyed with people trying to take my money with out me knowing 
what's the point in hayfever, all it does it make people suffer 
work. i wish people would just tell me if theey want to hangout with everyone but me. 
really dont understand some people ... why do i bother .. infact i dont think i will anymore 
wake up people, i feel lonely 
@EvilGayTwin I'm always jealous of people who can listen to music at work. I need to listen out for the phone. 
I've worked out out to put people into groups @Tweetvisor - but how do I see those groups? It doesn't seem to be working for me? 
I am &lt;i&gt; REALLY &lt;/i&gt; tired, and think perhaps it is time for bed! O_O   But worried that I'm going to offend people by writing them back. 
The birds have been scared off by people mowing their lawns now. Working from home has serious downsides 
I hate babysitting drunk people 
Some days you have to wonder why you bother trying to help people 
@loudandwicked Unfortunately not because I have to go help some other people to prepare for an event  #momoslo
Updating our associate agents email list as so many people are no longer unfortunately in business 
I understand that many stores are having to cut back on people and hours of operation to stay alive/open though - I really understand 
@ipodgirl haha!  i'm too cheap to hire help  want to see if there are steps people take would kill two birds w/ one bird...haha!
I just hate when people I used to know so well suddenly changes  for my luck I still have 3 people to trust (: i love you guys &lt;3
@solarce These are random laptops that people in other countries are ordering for their offices, tragically 
Tired of people at work not listening!! 
that's it! I'm following 400 people and i only have 234 followers! if you have any compassion in your hearts then follow me 
@KalebNation some people aren't great spellers 
I don't like to hear about people drinking alcohol... 
i just arrived to barcelona T_T so tired!! missing delppph, the guuys, pariiiiis and  all the beautiful people who lives there!!   (L)
freaking dvla - the others are easily going to get there before me 
Helping people out with their issues, Of all sorts 
stupid allergies making people too sick to come to dinner... 
trying to work out how to add people by email , because only got one follwer lol 
@chromalab i'm totally fine. people are just afraid to be around me. 
@Jaws2009 helllllo, ergghh, that video  i no its probly not her, but it must be so embarrising for her when people thinking it her 
people at olive garden aren't very nice. 
when it comes down to talking to business people, i get really shy 
why do people break hearts 
it's cold and people out dancing on the highway. when will this end 
I hate eating in front of people or in public. 
blind people can't see. 
@of_corset so many people said they felt great the second trimester   my energy is definitely NOT coming back.
@VegasWill millions are protesting... those poor people. 
@DevilBirdGeorge I only have 3 people in my mob 
it'd be really cool if my friends were on twitter. all the people who are following me aren't people  i dont think?
Why did @BenMalcolmson, @rushmore08, @tracysuzanne and others go out without me 
@bitter_sweet2 Who knows. It makes me so sad how rude people have gotten. I deal with this so much now too. 
@MaryJJohns sometimes people leave - never return and abandon accounts, others delete them for some reason.  no clue. 
i have to stop following people on my phone for this weekedn 
@electromute No, I didn't yet.  [Here is her info for others http://is.gd/138x5] I miss her, she kicks so much ass.
i don't know how to be nice to people who are slightly retarded. It's not there fault but it's not mine either 
@shelbilavender fine be like that  how do you build people? Can you build me?
What joyous day of revision lies in stall for me? Most people are finished before me 
@osrin I just hope that not too many die, the reports of students being thrown by police off buildings if true is very bad 
This choosing what to do with your life is a pretty big decision, so why do people expect you to know just like that! 
balls, people will be home soon 
Doesn't know how people like@coollike @BluntNate &amp; @PhillyD make their videos so quickly it takes so long to edit 
@SusieCornelius I'll be helping poor people get loans they won't be able to pay back  I may begin to slowly die inside
@scottydalton @mrwilliam I was as the open day earlier. They're out of application forms and turning people away who haven't got one 
I really should unfollow some people/companies. I have way too many Tweets to read each morning. 
do single boys phone people when walking to get their lunch ?  i hope they do
i love judging people... it makes life easier to place them in stereotypes... )  joking... but still, some people really fit their type 
@christay0102 delivery companies are the bane of people's lives i think - they never deliver when they say they will  lol
Trying to figure out how to use this...  too many of the same names for some people... doubt many are the actual person 
@loribartolozzi I read on .com that some people are being allowed to do their 5* groups but some are not  I would DIE if they split us up
some people just say what they want to and they're not aware of how others feel.  ....
Iranian state radio confirms the death of 7 people/protesters 
No dead people wanted to talk to me. 
is sad that some people are leaving for the winter holidays. @meiem stay! don't go 
@kafreakingboom you have to watch it, but season's over  its about these people in the greek system and their lives together. its so cute.
@BlackMamba23 you included people you don't even know for real and the real life people don't get shouts  I'm hurt
@watchwarehouse I don't mind because I cannot sit out in it  - makes me happy that others who can cant lol
@ScruffyPanther yup, glad it's not just me that sees it... dunno why some people have to be so mean to others - nasty and inconsiderate  x
come on people i thought i would have done better than 5 votes   http://www.hottweeters.com/aerobic247
Why is it that only 8 people follow me when my friends get like 20???!!! 
The social security office smells like immigrants and homeless people 
But if I go to private, then any messages I send to people who aren't following me won't get to them. 
It will be interesting to see whether the weather will keep people off gaming again..... I miss hardcore gamers of yesteryear 
@sarahbeery as an ENFP, i'm too feeling, too perceptive and have too much intuition that i either piss people off or get it wrong 
The pool is much more enjoyable the fewer people are at it 
@daisyjanie I can't get the webcam to work and people can't hear me 
@omgitsbusky I am jealous of people with high metabolisms.   I certainly don't have one.
@artbynemo Not many people in the office building today  How are things going so far?
@dfizzy  me too, and people do it all the time ! 
Why do people send me angry texts when its not my fault  they obviously don't want me to talk to them... x
Not enough people twitter about Maoam...I checked, true story 
Why is it that the only people that call me are bill collectors?? 
can people please sent to mcfly can they come to scotland  sent to @tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry or @mcflymusic
Misses two people So much. 
@chrisbigmoney I'm watching the rain at work, people don't like buying shoes when it's pouring 
 wishh people were being cooler
I'm worried about a couple of people I was following.  We exchanged 'follows' and now they aren't there any more.   #iranelection
@bcaldwell92 There will be pilots but they are for full classes and #s will be very limited-They, understandably, want people to buy them 
looking for a job like the other millions of people in this nation. 
why do friends have to be so mean!!!! i wish people were more understanding... 
The most difficult part of speaking to new groups of people every few weeks, is that I truly miss each one. 
some people in this world are just so sick. it shocks me when i hear the awful things people do. 
I've never felt like i have let so many people down in my life 
aw  this is one of the reasons I feel bad for famous people!!!
Discovering good music is harder than what people think. So many false starts 
how come people dont respond when i write? i have lots of followers n no responses  its upsetting
@oniraikou other people talking about pets.  we never should have let spartacus go 
I put way too much trust in people for my own good.. 
@davidgilray I'm fine creating a column. It's when I go to add people. There are only 1/4 of my people in there 
@bobbi10100 lol  too many people beat themselves up when trying to lose weight 
Ughhh I hate it when people tell me scary stories on the phone  I hung up for a reason!
@robyngallagher stop telling people not to listen to me 
I need more people to read my writings. I'm getting discouraged! 
I hate people braking all trust...   and the one who use me.. 
damn party people... stupid exams 
I hate fake people... @metallicsharpie have a safe flight to thailand! I'll miss you 
i wish people would @reply me  i need conversation
@alphaharlot they pay others to do it 
@Masterface I want my silly, silly show back with the lovely people on the cast commentaries. 
@keeda really? people say i looked doped all the time 
@rashmid people think same for me but no one gets me food! 
Some people have to actually work for a living 
i hate it when people claim to want to be your friend and then make no actions to demonstrate that. 
Waiting for people, on the other hand, makes me a very sad person 
These fire alarm and sprinkler people are the slowest people in the world. 2 hours later and still not done. 
@pauljholden Awww man... *stomach rumble* I wish people would stop tweeting about food 
@jenxstudios alot of people are havin problems 
@TychoBrahe I think my favorite will now lose - people casting for Darkmagic before will probably swing to Lookouts 
got a very annoying email!  What's wrong with people?
Once again bored @ work! Smelly people present 
bug me when people spam!!  ugh  
@feiticeira right? I'm really not about the social networking aspect. I've been sucked into the apps where you fight others. 
wow, some people! dreading this textiles exam tomorrow, my lovely A* is going to go down to a D 
@sevinnyne6126 Some people find love too hard to face, whether from past experiences or watching others. I'm a serial cheater  can't stop.
@celiaaa15 i meant the meet and greet. some people's were only 15 minutes 
At the senior awards banquet because I have to play in the band as people are walking in 
@kalldoro There seems to be problems both following and unfollowing people this evening 
@feliciaday  There is always next time to put a mean person in his/her place. Lots of people treat employees like dirt, sadly.
My phone has returned to life. I hate missing people. 
@PeaceloveRachie rach, 2 things. 1: if it says he tweeted by text, he can't reply to people. and 2: he rarely replies to people.   
I have looked at other people's updates and they have about 1000 and they haveb't had theirs as long as me and I don't even have 200! 
I don't think sound tech is my calling - 8 people yelling at me at once.  
 I'm so bad at assassinating people.
@testobsessed But that's not going to stop people wishing or people selling the (tool) dream 
got like insomnia haha seriously cannot sleep  any ideas people 
i wish people would stop talking when i try to watch my shows 
@Toddly00 the people of iran. mousavi would've won with over 70% of the votes if it had been a fair election, but they cheated. 
why are people in crappy moods today 
Is so sad to hear that some people think pets are expendable 
@wennie_s I'm not at 100 yet.    I keep deleting bots and people who use programs to get followers.
@zachflauaus when people make ridiculous statements like that in the name of a movement, it just undermines the movement 
has people with me  and against me  on going to lake view.. ;-)
not enough people are posting to my characters 
@laineyspawtique I've had people say that they're trying to get rid of spammers. They should have a better system 
@sweethottaco What makes it worse I think is people are BUYING from them. - if they didn't have a market they'd soon die down. 
why are people that work in banks so silly!!!! 
Just realized I'm almost at the 200 mark in the number of people I'm following, must stop soon, anymore &amp; I'm past the size of a village 
@Jopirate yepthe others may have too 
@dreambig906  you okay? don't pay attention to people who don't deserve it, okay?
i cannot be bothered to even fix this up...why did people make me get twitter if i have to find them. i don't even know what i'm doing 
Going to bed.. hope that unemployment will extend my benefits or else I'm screwed   I hate being poor... generous rich people give me $$$
is worrying about dangerous career people 
is pissed at work... X-( some people just don't understand  http://plurk.com/p/11vscy
is it just me or is twitter really just for celebrities??????????? or people with friends 
@jessikatze You just want to look after them all. Some people who haven't had kids and say they don't want them just don't understand 
Is working 11 to 3  stupid people not showing up for shifts
@ShellyKramer I wonder how people get so emotionally damaged that being hateful is the only way they can lift themselves up. 
Why do people waste so much time, energy &amp; $ trying to take away other people's happiness? I do not understand. 
@annifrangipani ...the comments made me even more aargh than T's: some people think a responsible gov should stop poor people breeding 
I'm sorry people, still editting photos. 
I just realized people are always buying me food at school. I feel bad. 
Trying to decide my theater fate! Too many shows that overlap and too many people to try to please. 
What's for dinner people? i'm out of food ideas 
@PresidentialP I am sorry my life is crazy I am trying to do better see. I don't like it when people talk about me.   I'm trying.
Is jealous of people at swimming pools  mom is doing better so I can say that!
I can't understand Asian people when they try to get my order 
people who comment me and tell me to comment their pictures piss me off then you have no choice 
@katyanoctis @JohnLeCompt yeah but unfortunately not in a good way! Wish people could love all the members (&amp; music) instead of just 1. 
i got karaoke-dumped. again.  i hope at least a few people actually show up this week!
I hate the people who work on the roads. 
Eyeglasses...it's what's for old people!  Grrrrrrrrr   
people need to come visit me 
@to_paraphrase You weren't! I just had to boot everyone, and I missed adding some people back. 
@DwightHoward I wish that I could be in 5 places at once..would be less tired &amp; would'nt have to worry about people being mad at me 
The best people can be insecure at times, but I fuckin hate cowardly dickheads that blame it all on you.. 
@yawnerddn changing on it's own accord! Seems we're not the only people according to a few online forums! 
i emailed some of the people who want hair models and none of them have emailed me back  http://plurk.com/p/11zven
@mistakepro You deserve it, but don't feel bad if you get rejected. They reject most people these days 
In O-town yayyy! Of course the first people I'm greeted by are magic express 
@YoungQ hopefully your coming to meet people with out meet &amp; greet 
mum is in hospital after having a stroke.  she need your prayers people. thank you  
@hijacking_ben unnamed people? Would this mean you?! I have severe issues with gravity . . 
I hate when people don't answer text messages!! 
raid was called  wish people would show up
i hope the iranian people unite together. i fear the worse: a civil war  :'(
Why do people sleep in the library and snore 
As much as I liked TwitterFox, I uninstalled it. It wasn't practical fort the number of people I follow. 
Home alone  where are people to keep me company
I feel bad cause people texted me all day but I couldn't answer 
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them.   
@morgancspencer  some people just can't escape what genetics 
@PorchaBaby Yuppp. I never thought i'd see them of all people reach that level 
@Melosmooth2324 right cause people will just download and won't purchase cd's or pay for concerts.  
@dfizzy I still love you! ^-^ you are great, and I'm sorry for the people picking fights with you. 
Why do I always get the really smelly people sit next to me on the bus? Why? 
@LaineLePoidvin lol I wasn't sure if I had you on here already! I tweet from my blackberry and I can't search people! 
@mattots The chart itself is hilarious, but the depressing part is how many millions of people will read and believe it 
@zudas people have been saying anytime now for the past 24 hours 
@Dessacrate why can't any of the people who comment spell 
@kissability I also don't understand why simply raising awareness is deemed so unconstructive by people 
Because of some people I have to fitness alone  boringggg
I can't sleep when it sounds like people are walking on my roof. 
thinking about all those who've betrayed me in life...long list of people to go through! 
Why are the accountants always giving people a hard time?? 
Is feeling very ill again .. must be coming down with somthing  step back people
many people know me. but very few understand me   emo daw.. hehe http://plurk.com/p/125fep
@samraynham awwwww  i'm sure you'll get some real people following you soon :p but for now you'll have to put up with my random tweets :p
@TDOT_Blockette  Awww M  you can tell your husband was a 'cat person' only cat people get that special relationship.
why do people always point at others instead of apologizing for their own mistakes 
@llemcooler no the aren't here just me and a few others. 
I have been guilty of calling people talent too 
I sitting here going through a list of recent foreclosured properties. I think it is very Sad to see so many people lose their homes. 
@plainnash - I feel the same  But I just mostly miss college for the people haha.
Most people are just winding down for the day, I'm only just getting started... 
@TehranBureau i think they will continue to resist but there's a price that comes with that, their lives  they are brave people!
upset  people are mean to the core.
I hate when people show their true colors. You've changed, and i wish you'd come back. I miss, and love you. 
too many people from syosset die 
wonders why a person just can't depend on some people!! 
#tweetmeme won't let me change setting s  are people still whitelisted to change @tweetmeme to usernames??
Just noticed that I'm missing out on some important conversations because they're starting with @'s to people I don't know  #fixreplies
@kacymariemae i cant smile cause people blow 
getting ready for work &amp; contemplating my future.  I hate it when people make you feel bad about life decisions. 
if you use groups in tweetdeck, not sure what happened but I have noticed a few people falling out of the groups, not sure why 
@hypnotistchris Could you ask people to follow me please? only have 31 followers    I liked the mindreading yesterday by the way! Thanks
...Hoping that those noises aren't from people sexin...but I can still hear them 
why do so many people smell like dead kittens 
@ciararyandreams aww i know i hate when people look sad it's so annoying you just want to cheer them up 
@harlowdusk aw boo  that blows, people suck the big one!
#dontyouhate It when people judge you for no good reason? 
blogtv is cancelled tonite for a few reasons... im sorry people 
Wonders why other people find it so easy to sleep I don't get it 
@mint910 It's making it more difficult for me to distinguish people.  
@SandFibers I guess I have no way of *really* knowing, but knowing that people do that is really disheartening. 
surprisingly bummed  evil people at work
why why why do people keep stealing my handbag? 
@silent_goodbyes I quit watching it.. I couldn't get used to all the new people 
I hate seeing homeless people sleeping on the sidewalk. 
@lilmissdainty it's not heartless really.  It's knowing who is good and who is soaking up cash. Ah it's hard to find smart people. 
@ddlovato I know! It's so sad what people do to animals and to other people for that matter. 
@TheRealJordin i don't like you guys singing on each others' songs .. 
@chellefaace &amp; @marrriia  exclude people 
@cathyanne a lot of people from my office were there so you prob did but not me 
makeing others happy but never herself 
@kyleskywalker any luck with maccas? haha, I went to like 5 stores yesterday all telling me they just put people on  *sad*
@ShannenSykess i dislike people you talk to and they either dont say much or they dont reply 
@AceyBongos ugh 2minutes too slow  how fast r some people at redeeming these codes :'(
argh - so tired, people next door to us in the hotel wouldn't stop talking until like 1.00, had to wake up at 6.30 
i keep getting attacked by some stupid person with like 10 villages on travian 
Why do old people always take up the whole aisle lol. I got hit with 3 trolleys 
Why do people eat rabbits?  :|
I saw people eat rabbits on TV.. they we're so cute... 
running late due to others' inabilities 
Why does it say I have 28 followers when I only count 23? I hate that, I think there are more people out there that care what I say. 
@Rapagena now-a-days i have big trust issues with people. there are very few people i can actualy trust, i've only been hurt in the past 
@SookieBonTemps you've never been concerned with other people's opinions before. 
i don't want to meet new people, i like the ones i have now 
texting people and me ex. how sad. 
i'm already following 43 people, i haven't even had this account for 12 hours yet   i don't know if i should be disappointed or proud.
@nivekone that yeas fun yesterday, but there weren't enough people. 
@AmyStar92 pfft! ill try! over 80 people! 
The hysterical people in the video are her family. 
@madyar    it is sad   the people have unbelievable courage
Whyyyyy do people use hard-subs, that is sooo annoying. 
Watching worlds smallest people.. Its sad 
I fail to see how we can cheer for the freedoms of others in another land while we watch more of our own be taken away. 
So sad and fucked that people are safer in a foreign embassy than a hospital  #iranelection
still no emails from the people we emailed about the kitten  x
There are 6 people coming to my birthday dinner...I wish I could add 5 more people to that list 
Why is it so hard to have a conversation with some people? Seriously 
@davewiner but too few people are using the website  - not because it sucks, but because they do... #reboot11
@hearted i'm lazy 'cause i have to accept people every time they follow me lol 
@aisarawrs you're old now ms senior. haha. when people find out about unknown bands i get upset, especially since they become mainstream. 
work, people make me mad 
@Haselnuth  It's horrifying how they treat people and that for staying in power even they're ready to kill them 
@KanishaLovesYou i wasnt alllowed to come in contact with the victem or the people who were with me that night. 
work was so crazy  and a total of 2 people on the floor did not help at all
I wish I knew how to comment to people from my phone 
i need to meet more people..no one i know has twitter. its sad 
@davynathan Also people pulling out right in front of you on the highway. 
i'm really glad that at least some people weren't at take that, for a while i thought every person i knew was there 
apparently they're spraying people with chemicals and arresting people who go to hospitals.  #iranelection
@dearpencilpal I heard they are shooting people on the streets on the radio. 
@tommcfly You answered she (@ddlovato) . And the people who gives you money does not!! 
my job is chill.... but the people aren't 
@unrealmusik Those videos shows what a horrible and dark world we live in and how little some people value other peoples lives. 
@DevilsHorizon unfortunately some people are stupid and can't understand such logic. 
causes power failures in other people's apartments 
Another horse died in jumps racing today. I don't care how entertaining it may be to some people, it should be stopped 
@QueenBD i would if i had some people around here... everyone is gone! 
Why are people mean to puppies  aww
@catmikk More power to you.  Just be careful and keep your wits about you.  We'll keep informing people, but our role isn't dangerous. 
people don't actually understand how painful it is to just &quot;email me those pictures!&quot; Other ways are TOTALLY better. 
I'm doing an horrible work about judish people... I love judish people, don't misunderstan me, but I hate this work 'cause it's too long! 
Why do mi people love having so much water? it just ruins everything!  i wanted to go to that concert for months!! oh well i get to se ...
Aw  The marathon is over and one of my favorite people was eliminated.
Many people who complain are also those who don't vote or take any other actions. 
No one wants to follow ugly people like me 
@ELLEohhELLExxx aw, hey baby is one of my favoritess  but that;s so awesome. im so jealous yet happyyy for all the people who went!
@lovemeidareyou   we should start a club of pathetic people who are too stupid to make a move.
I feel unloved and ignored. I'm tired of being alone, but it's real hard for me to get out and meet people. 
@rubicstrue haha, not much. some of them only pay money if people click on the links 
I hate people who fight  http://myloc.me/4NAn
@explicit_beauty caking is beyond that! even better in person rather than hundreds of miles away 
@forces2 It's a win, win, for you then. Enjoying making people laugh and people enjoying your tweets. The number of follower's proves it. 
stickam was fun. I just wish more people got to enjoy it!  maybe next time, if there is one...
@TheLadyKristin @juanton711 they have the people at the albertsons in burbank but I had no money when I was there tonight 
Studies prove that 45% people make promises and doesnot complete it. 
@prismsinc I'm not worthy of engaging you.  To improve my people skills, I must memorize scientists' names, right? 
@MrFaMouSJ i knoow  its the worst part &amp; people who cant control their kids. smh. what'd you do today?
I should try not get get distracted on other websites, or have DestroyTwitter open so I know when people tweet back at me... 
looked through old pictures. some of people that we will never see again. 
The nerve of some people 
@therealGlambert I want to hear your real music too...sorry people are taking advantage of you already! 
So many people with bigger problems, I feel like zero... 
@twitcaps @newmediaphoto I've found if someone is searching photos they are either curious people or they are looking to download them 
i just don't get it.. why are they giving credits to people who did nothing? 
Some visits are harder than others. 
@jackfaulkner I meant it was really hard to tal to people  Mean. I tried to clarify but it all went wrong.
Its not early enough for people to be ringing doorbells, is itt? 
Ugh, how very dismayed I am with all sorts of people today 
@WhedonFanNews You should sue the people hosting your site 
I really wish people would stop asking about my scar...  it really bums me out.
I invite so many people to be my friend they never respond!!! 
well im not sure how many others have this issue, but i cant block people anymore  I am being flooded with spammers and bots!
@fubini I missed coming for #e2conf, else would have met you and all others together! 
Now that people wont stop texting me i must stay awake 
My volunteers are needy 
@carole29 none of mine are real people though  and mostly, they're rather girly looking... :S
We think we know people who call us their friends but for them we are just another toy to play and dump when they are bored... 
@misslaurenpaige  I looking at the footage online live, they got people looking over a bridge at the accident. This day must be crazy!
people neever understand me 
seeing homeless people ALWAYS makes me want to cry 
I love people on power trips! Especially people who want to push that on me! Yayy me! 
 More than 100 people injured at last report.
@ErinNYC75 these images are horrible and they are reporting people are still trapped inside 
RIp to the four people who lost their lives... my thoughts and prayers go out to their families 
70 people are being transported to the hospital and one is serious.  they're expecting a few more fatalities.  
I don't know why people get arsy with me lately  I might give up posting in forums.
@BENinDC yay! i'm glad to hear. but sad to hear about others 
I realize that I tweet when others are eating, and caring for their sleepy children... others tweet while I am attending to my job duties 
to think thaat one of the biggest people in your life would do this to you is is juss heartbreaking 
it's crazy the metro crash today. hopefully this doesn't give people more reason to be afraid of transit. 
I don't mind adding more people, but I feel bad for missing tweets of people I talk to regularly. 
5G network, people? Really? 
Sometimes... i feel like i'm a ghost, i just wish people relize me 
@SocialDivo its actually very sad so far its been 2 people telling me why they are past due on accounts 
 I think people get out of bed in the mornings wondering how they can piss me off.
is sad that all the coolest people here have plane tickets to somewhere else 
@barbchamberlain I've been having trouble *following* people lately, annoying 
I am so tired of people letting me down breaking promises and telling lies!! 
@earai damn. now im forced to talk to people that are going to give me bad advice 
urgh .. why can't some people just act the same around everyone ? Some people are just total arses  !
Feeling pretty rotten right now...need to stop hurting good people's feelings...be more honest with them, and myself. 
i am most excited about cutting up dead people. not excited about cutting up dead cats  yay for school!
Some days it's harder than others to hear people moaning in pain  
Us #trackle people still haven't made the trends.  come on peopl! (I hope I am lucky this time.  )
@Leenygma just about. Only because people are sick of hearing me 
@DudeLIAwesome i agree!! the adverts now are just old people  bring back phil! 
why are loan places sooooo mean?!  do they just hate people?!!
Ihate having all these random people viewing our house 
the people sat right before us have already eaten and left and we are sipping water. 
just got off work... missing people 
is stinkin' sick of people in the community/festival pageant arena that are not up front and honest!! 
I don't think people even read my tweets 
I hate when friends/people in general that I care about have problems that I can't fix 
I don't do well with people asking me questions about me that I don't know how to answer 
@LordPhantom you shouldn't accuse people of fraud before you're sure. 
I think moving brings out the worst in some people.. 
One down. Three others to go 
so much drama when I'm just trying to be honest  people suckkk
Stressed about planning for the drive in tomorrow. I wish people would just get a hold of me if they are going so we can fill up cars 
Just tried calling everyone saved in my phone (except family) 0 people answered 
@sylarmoon and those people have rarely done their research. many who read hetalia just to find out what they're hating end up liking it. 
@iamjonathancook it's so nice that you reply people's tweets. caleb never do that 
Wonders why people have to be so rude 
@Harsayis and his loyal team of biscuits! I am ashamed more people didn't know what it was 
when i wear hats, people are apprehensive of me 
to be able to go to ikea/the curve is a luxury for people who don't own cars. 
I'm so bored its leavers day and all we are doing is standing outside watching people get out of cars  I wanna go home.
Man this twitterfail re: followers blows, its so depressing getting people to sign up only for the number to drop for no reason 
On the bus to work  I hate people that stare! Eurgh
@therealsarom usually i hate people wearing fake, but he is too pathetic 
@arpitjain11 so he's only mouthing what they said. and stupid people like us think he's the one with the great ideas. 
Lol getting in other people's seats 
@danimichelon limit, control, make people spy each other.. its even worse 
sadly not going to get enough people on her plane to enter the competition unless she gains 8 Welly friends in the next 8 hours.No fair 
@nwjerseyliz Some people are probably wondering if I fit into that category. Of late, my posts have been sporadic at best. 
it's kind of sad how people who i have added on here move faster than my livejournal friends page. 
at the health department with the poor people 
is trying to worry about too many people at one time, this isn't a good month for alot of people 
whaaat? how come I am following so many people? i haven't even pressed follow on them.. and i don't even know who half of them are.. 
My car is still broken   I have places to go and people to see
omgg , I get it life goes on but them people were my life I won't forget1 single 1 of them , just like a tatto ill always have em 
@BrionS Oh no  I know several people that work there.
I wish people would learn to flush the toilet in public places 
Everywhere I look...happy pregnant people. I miss my midwife 
@shipovalov &quot;NOKLA connecting people&quot; ?? ???????  ??????? 
have a great day people!! 
Some days you just can't help thinking about those people you don't see any more and asking yourself...wondering &amp; hoping they are well. 
Morning people. I thought I'd make a start on the 32's. One down. 
@tafelzoetstof I could but then there would be too much people around admiring me  Can you send me the address of that cava bar pleaaase?
Just waking up and can't decide what drink to have for breakfast &amp; some people are becoming twitter addicts, its funny 
I've given people a chance to ask a more original question and said people better take it. 
@ rustyrockets what special treat is in store for all us hammersmith people who found out wen we got to the hammersmith on 13/02?! 
@bwagy its good people like you, aren't scared to say the real tweets! transparency is shown for real! cheers 
@gonereading Are you trying to make me even bigger-headed??? If you pick some good people to follow you soon see the benefits! 
who are some good people to follow?? any ideas anyone?? 
phone has stopped working again :] no more worrying about people texting me back 
@Kaydeescrafts you are absolutely right there!! Then maybe people will see that we are 'normal' in our own individual ways 
@cherryspoon Don't get upset by it, not worth it  Besides if they do that with enough people, their accounts will not be so popular ;-)
@timesjoanna join relevent/interesting groups....once u have alot of contacts u can search for people in companies and see who does what 
@misshelen20 lol, it will take some getting use to! i recognise people by their pic! 
@davidswinney Now they finally have ads w/ their own inaccuracies. Ah, advertising. I'm just glad other people use PCs so I don't have to 
i love movies with sexy people in them.  theyre quite more delicious than movies with ugly people.
@LaCyn good calls  interested to see the plethora of others...
i need like three people to comment my default ! 
@Rosaapril I know I am, I want to teach others! 
@TonyMackGD just trying to get good people good jobs and clients 
To love deeply in one direction makes us more loving in all others 
@StutterRockStar Yet another great post!  I have every faith that you're making a difference in people's lives... 
Going to the @davejmatthews band concert with a very random group of 4 people 
is with @CatHall77 waiting for the others. 
I am watching TV and txting people!! 
There are so many famous people!  I want to learn English better!
http://twitpic.com/3jx2c - he has animals for feet, people!  Animals!!  
@DebNg Thats why I only have about 20 people on there. That way, i only get the information that I'm genuinely interested in 
@chrisbowers yeah I dance a bunch of different styles. Some people just take to certain choreographers better then others. 
@beckymochaface you sure know how to get people's attention 
@DakotaRae I choose very wisely on the good I do when certain people are socially abusive and don't reciprocate with others 
Goodmorning people lovely day 
i am so hungryyy :\ could do with some pizza? people buy and share 
@TradingGoddess  so what they tryna say only gay people have aids WTF didn't know diseases were stereotypical
@aussiehost you're welcome  just 97 more people seeing your service offerings!
good morning. how is everyone? (well I say everyone. Only 19 people are following me because I am that popular, but you know what I mean) 
another successful party comes to an end. it's always better when people get wasted after the lessons. 
@tweetdeck knew there had 2 b a catch. Although, I don't have that many protected users in the people I follow. The trade off is worth it 
@shkittlez224 i love old songs there you can see how people change through the time 
such an easing effect: watching other people run 
@johnlesandiego that's now 1350 people just in the flickr group, wanting to join in. dunno why but it's taken off in the last 2 hours 
Is eating breakfast then going to watch other people have fun at the fair. 
I thought people werent supposed to work on the sabbath. . This should include road construction workers 
@saulraisin hey bud, you might want to add the r back in for the g rated audience members 
is home from camping with some amazing people  hopefully getting some organization done today 
@chisaikame I love it when people talk about degrees of impossibility. 
@prsvr To thine own self be true. We have to love ourselves before we can love others. Indeed. 
Yay, college is back and I have people again. 
@SharmilaNair embed the article with cryptic sarcastic messages that only certain people will understand. 
@kevinrose only very brave people milk tigers 
I don't follow everyone who follows me and follow people (like @mattcutts) who don't follow me.. so that is why it is unusual 
I have joined the ranks of the truly cool people now 
@kristylicioustx if you do favors and others dont maybe it's because you only asked the one time, ask more often people liked to be asked 
@frankaustx I have replied to others and had them reply to me.  I guess it's all in who you talk to. 
@iheartquotes the best parts of life are the people you let in it 
@DonnieWahlberg I don't know about the others but 'till now I was sleeping, 
i am planning to buy lunch for people who i have unintentionally wronged in their dreams. 
@spanglegluppet same  and it is way too hard to find...  and most of the 'good conversation' people I know don't live in the state... =(
@neilphillips and the warning signs... people talking to each other with their voice boxes - careful its dangerous 
@SebastiaanLampo me too, i guess it is best for people that don't have motion sickness 
@DigitalSignals You can plan for efficiency with tasks and objects, but you have to take your time with people 
despite meeting great people and seeing fabulous places, cuddling a koala remains the highlight so far! They are adorable, I love them 
Wow, at least six new followers this morning, and what's nice is that I think most of them are actual real people. 
SIttin at table with marly gossiping about other people's lives  
@RoundUncut you sign up, and fill out atleast 1 offer. We understand how people back off when it comes to this but some are free &amp; easy 
@catherineLd Or put it on my wall so people can admire it... 
people who are technologically illiterate make me laugh 
Getting ready to go off to meet a load of people I mostly just know from WoW!  Yay guild meet.
getting people left right and sideways who want to follow me and as such I will follow them in return! 
@holgere Disabled people can have nice cars too ... 
Aiming for full marks here, people 
@lekahe Thanks for #followfriday. Checking out the others in the list 
paws4people would like to join this anonymous donor trend.  we are more than happy to keep you anonymous 
@MyMomRocks - Some of the people who follow me are in it - but it hard to pick them out from the crowd  
@I3aI3yPhAt we need to start a twitter support group for people that lose there jobs from twittering 
if you have pets you need to meet the people at @centerpet great help for the furry ones! 
@aliciagriffin its what I do on my days off.  You know, when people think I am recovering from alcohol... 
is going to see a random musical with his favorite people today 
@howardbison03 That would certainly make people more willing to work out their differences 
Even so..I'll just keep being me...cause others like me and I like myself...so it's all good! 
I always love going to the airport arrivals section because no matter what's going on in this world, people always look genuinely happy. 
@MCRmuffin I'm here, the majority of people are probably asleep 
@malusbrutus - You mean like when people use double double words?  
@TheGeniousphere I think,you are already know it.You lyrics and you singing voice is into the hearts of hundred millions people 
@neilhimself if you want to meet people after writing, just ask 
@johncmayer scams are made by people who wanted attention. 
@davidairey Maybe  For us designers and for people behind brands it's not easy getting noticed, especially if you know we see that many!
back from church, children's service so it was pretty manic with little people running everywhere 
off to enjoy the sunshine now, with people who make me smile 
@shuocheng fake ???  actually there r many people sold to it too completely  and I have deep concern over the inheritance of my dialect
Going to watch some of my favorite people in the world graduate 
we won the  hearts and minds of 1414 people...but the work has just began 
anyone ever see that series 'life after people' on history channel? very cool 
@dgrimes Looks like about 1 reporter per 100 citizens  Seriously,do we have many reporters for our two little towns?
On dun laoghaire pier, enjoying the sunshine &amp; people watching! 
@blueparrot2 am going to give people food poisoning now 
live now  http://www.blogtv.com/people/psush_girl
@miyori more than welcome, figured it had to brighten a few people's mornings 
Watching seven pounds then going to solid rock with some really wonderful people 
Home relaxing after a very wonderful day with two special people, 
@hirepasha along with hundreds of other entrepreneurs 
@RandiLynn9 hairdid is cute  people should make fish faces more often for sure.
meeting/ talking to new people genuinly makes me a happy person 
When people mention drowning in southern comfort, I can say that's happened to me... But probably in a different context. 
@ElizaPatricia careful, E! people will start showing up there. 
@billwil i am confused when people say that. i've had pains from sports since i was 18 
Oh, that was dedicated to @mephjeff's last tweet about animals watching others die. 
Today celebrating two new people becoming australian citizens. I am hoping for a good dinner. 
@nuttychris Aww thank you for asking people to follow me 
@alternatefinch No, it's people you are recommending that others follow, like followfriday, only with pics! 
i'm awake while others sleep 
@julesfm I know - but there are loads of others left 
ive spent a lazy day today finding some interesting people to follow  its reinforced the saying... it takes all sorts of people ...  
2 coins people 
@lauraaaaah A group of people naked  woooh
@robluketic how fun to see what people on the other side of the pond are getting up to right now... thanks so much for sharing! 
@thinksmith we need to talk  you are one step ahead... i know another two people who are also one step ahead 
@JuliusLionheart y r we giving up on people?  I actually thought that way for a while too before I found someone who is very intriguing 
i now know that we've made a difference in each others lives...i feel proud. 
@deanlusk I love catching people singing in their cars. Even better if they're dancing 
its funny how people can forget their anger with the arrival of other people they least expect to see 
@angelemotion yayyy for new videos by amazing people 
I have such fantastic friends, including several ones met through here! thanks for being in my life - you are such amazing people! 
Hellooooooo... Whats the scene people !!! 
I didnt do the cancer run, but i looked at the people when i drove past 
@ancaangie and good for others cause they can't hear me singin! 
@DanAmrich Maybe that means people are buying them 
Picking up special gifts for special people 
is busy looking for more interesting and inspiring people to follow. Suggestions, anyone? 
@jlind Actually, on weekdays the children are still there, you just don't notice for all the stressed people pushing against you 
 Managing IT people is like herding cats
Tinker: n. a simple way to discover events people are twittering about 
@benrlr haha it's like everyweek you post people you think others should follow  not too bad thanks, only woke up and hour ago!
says its time to get over people who are jerks. 
@persianchick99 I have seen so many tweets today where people share what they are cooking for their moms  I think its great!
dammnnn the work day is too long.. double people's pay and cut the hours in half.. more people will work then 
is back to her usual ways of harrasing famous people 
@Gamyllionaire Awhhh well i'll definitely share it with you of course  and skye and julian too yupp yupp. I believe it bonds people
i think i get it now! time to actually start getting in touch with people on here 
-- An alarm clock is a device for waking up people who do not have small children. --- 
Isn't it awesome how families just.. grow?! Even more people that are obliged to love me no matter how I stuff up 
after several months... following back, I found very interesting people! 
@asuph Your gracious presence is always welcome, not just when there are slurs offending respectable people like us! 
this is a really fun 'kaypo' (busybody) social network for those who like to 'kaypo' about others. 
@TickleMeJoey it's actually called the cocktail-effect when you think people mean you but they don't... it's a psychological term 
My job is my vocation &amp; I love it. I get to make a positive impact on children and young people's lives...and they make an impact on mine 
@CourtneyChesley @KBestOliver Sounds like it might be a good alternative for working folks!  Is 4:30 to 7:30 a good time for people?
Some people are associated with great art or music; I get alcohol. 2nd in a week: http://budurl.com/hwpb 
@thenextwriter Had dinner with three of your group blog people tonight.  
going to fill people in; watch your phones 
@Spoonsie haha it's funny to see drunk people tweeting!! 
@hasief I don't hate people. I just don't like them in groups. I like them in person.  )
I'm really excited about the future, i don't even know why. but i really hope to help others 
was eating Chinese food, not people. 
@keikosan I meant the seating arrangement is very similar.  But different people understood it in different ways.
Oh.. can't comprehend how u can love people from first time to meet them 
@bogwhoppit at least the vast majority of people are lovely on here 
@Jonasbrothers i bet all those old people are going to tell their kids about being on a plane with you  &lt;3 see youuu sooooon!
@jillwhalen - Business people are in general well informed people. I don't worry about them 
@ThisIsLilWayne i seriously fuckin love all of these people in this video. 
Going to six flags with some gorgeous people 
@a_leach nopee, the security people were laughin. 
ah, some people, on the other hand have all the understanding in the world in their little heads 
@MakeupTalk I wouldn't, but I'm sure it would work for many others. 
@RobertKazinsky i agree, people should just get on with their own lifes without criticising others  x
bored Following random people lol 
back from nascar, very awesomeness  seats were great, the people were veryy funny  haha, very amusing people i shall say!!!!
Making cookies for random people! 
@DavidArchie LOL. couple of times before when i wake up &amp; people in the house were telling 'btw, there was an earthquake'..LOL 
this morning i had 13 followers. at lunch, it was 14. now we are down to 12. can't you people make up your minds if you like me or not? 
@rockinnrobynn no haha there probably will already be a big group of people waiting 
@hansonmusic http://twitpic.com/5aw2y - there were so many people there  it was awesome! cant believe i was able 2 b there
More than three dozen protesters were arrested 
It's nice to see other people in love, especially if it's the ones you love. 
@TheOneandOnly13  I mainly paint/draw people - I'm a big fan of people 
wishing that people would try to always see the positive side of even the most negative situations. 
@jmjmonteiro You can change people only to a certain extend and that's why you can only change yourself.... 
There are 10 types of people in this world. Those who understand binary, and those who don't. 
I'm looking for interesting people to follow. Any suggestions? 
is so so happy &amp; has the most amazing people in her life right now 
Some people are swimming in women with their own condominiums.....but who paid for them biiiiitches? I like to share my toys too 
is laughing so hard at the outakes of our documentary on downhill, I hope others think so  printing complete ;)
@frangoldman31 fully no how to talk to other people now only took me over 24 hours  ,
@MLockey no.. only iphones at this stage, need to see if people want it first 
@ideasuk I did - I've forwarded it to the relevant people. 
@janedunn i'm sure you'll do fine. most people will. 
@jamesotron I seem to take good photos of people looking cute in knitted hats 
Suggesting potential conference keynote speakers to someone - selfishly, all people I'd love to see 
@DanielMiller89 I like all people..  both sides if the coin.
@dawnhallybone @PhilGreaney  We could just get all the others out! 
  Goodbassplayer... that is funny.... ;)  OilIPO.... I hope the people that will bring us good things are started early this week... 
@stevedc I'm just amused that people had that much spare time to orchestrate a vid like that 
@whatsadickdew everybody was on the list. That's why I asked people to hit me up in case I forget them. 
@thebookmaven don't mean to bug you, but I'm excited about the award ! And people listen to what you say. 
LOL at that @cforbesoklahoma -  then I suppose I should be  thrilled if I can get the attention of 2 people 
goodmorning for people that have morning...haha. but in here good evening  
@ pbarone some interesting people in your following list - as a result of reading it now I'm following too many people! 
@LaSevillana of course, we do need party people 
@PinkJoey joeys just entered the building people 
@holyfieldTV you should let people retweet for extra entries for the tickets 
@theladyisugly Right again.  Yes, we have, but the majority of the people I know well can multitask like any normal person ought to.
@maxwellvintage I see twitter as a social party~and the unexpected could result in very positive directions for people 
. @littlebead @marjamma @stallfinder but its so good to see people support all types of crafts 
@gershbec well, we'll see, it's our first time offering it  lots of people signed up though.
@delamarRX931 some postal workers are nice sometimes. 
@bellware well let me know when you start raising the flag and marching. I'm very sure few people will gather behind you. @pandamonial 
Hey thanks for all the #followFriday mentions people!! 
ive got more to do, im doing people id blatantly get along with in real life 
@ a bar with good people 
Far away from the memories of the people who care if I live or die. 
@LoriMoreno #followfriday grtngs! And to all people actually on my screen 
@jamesarnott Because then you end up with people complaining about the bad photos. 
wtf am i doing in trending topics haha. thankyou though. does that mean people are talking about me  yay
@bradiewebbstack yess people are talking about you  andy's still at the top of the list but i'm determined to get you to the top ;D
Just been or another lovely run  The workmen werent staring at me this time.. they arent even here yet.. its nearly 11 people?!
Some times I just have the urge to kick people on the throat that I can't stand... No, I am not violet.... 
@dustydaynial easy to use, just tweet what you are doing and follow people who interest you 
@forcegtx2 no problem. I am used to people spelling it various ways 
I love twitter.  I don't ask or expect to get answers from people.  Its just the thoughts of a person interested in people. 
#followfriday @LexamusPrime in return, and 'cause he has the good taste and judgement to only follow real people. 
@jhaebets no there are too many syllables for sales people to digest 
clearing my inbox &amp; taking approach that if people haven't chased me for 3-4 weeks either a) it wasn't important or b) they've sorted it 
I want to thank #sagittariusdigital for giving me the opportunity to engage with new and interesting people everyday 
What date is bigbrother starting people !!!! ?? 
&amp;&amp; the chosen people who are randomized...: maribeth; tanya; malenne; mica; camiiille; joyelli. 
@insidebikes Welcome from us car people! 
@skydiver I like that rule. I think people should wear signs so there is no confusion. 
@chrisrikli I like how that plate competition got posted on digg, and they were telling people to vote for the worst one... 
@Littleh77 it's all the people u recommend others to follow by putting #followfriday it mAkes it searchable 
@alymoecloe people who will write for JBnoise, the magazine for JBnoys. 
Phillies at Yankees with some of my favorite people 
@rafik I was talking about people wanting to make a difference and promote the culture/heritage of this region 
@walletpopper I'm telling you - the people love free food! 
@nickstaroba i love being a developer because I can make people's lives easier.  i love hearing stories of people recognizing it. 
@mistygirlph Makes me wonder how many more are out there, yours or others...I'm sure it will be fixed 4 U soon. 
@nikperring To reiterate that there's good people... or something to that effect  
@lidstone21 you're my favourite...don't tell the others 
@nazra Going on well..but busy sending e-mails to tons of people 
@fleckman we really need to stop arguing with these people. we really are much better than that  #tcot
@ayeshea maybe he helps some people manage time 
@gammawaif That's what we tell the students. They think its a code to keep the poor people out. But they begrudgingly learn it, as I did. 
all of the supporters. The people applauding from restaurants, it all makes me want to cry 
i see lots of people are unfollowing, in the meantime I am looking for people to follow 
@cindyleigh Of course, but most people would think you were a scamming spammer 
@glamah  ahh.. i thought it looked like pacific  northwest.  my people are from there  thanks
@RinkuKilla follow more people dhakkan, also you could fill it with your own tweets 
for some reason it bothers me when people do smiley faces like (: instead of 
Climbing, mountain biking, good people, good food. Hoooooray for summer!! 
I'm home now. Yes, I was sending dorky tweets from the event I attended. But really, people, I don't get out much. It's not just a line. 
won't have a working camera for the picnic this weekend  Although, many other people will 
@Kyleepps yes! other people watch the spelling bee too! i knew it 
@SamSkelton  @alyssa_spring you people crack me up! love you both 
@janellekay I was there and couldn't find you in the midst of the massive crowd! You must have too many people 
@jack heyyyyy....how do you search for people in your area? and if you can't, please make it happen 
@KaiAngel @stdean I think grilled cheese sandwiches might have the same effect. At least they do on some people I know 
@Metally9 i forgive u!!! Lol i will blame it all on the shity people u work with!!! 
reading other people updates 
@jessstaaa I'm friends with all kinds of people. I'm just friends with people in general 
@coreygledhill haha, no, they're funny.  I like hearing what people reading have to say, so it's totally fine 
@nine22 people always bitch at me for drinking out of cans but see no glass in my can 
I love how my energy affects other people 
@seraphine its probably up to individuals, I guess, 
Up was suprisingly good! I really enjoyed it, though I do have a soft spot for old people 
Greenpeace jugend weekend here i come !!!  i'm sooo excited to see all the great people again !!!!!!!!!
@ComputerGoddess I should rephrase that. All taxpaying Americans should read. 
I think food is way over priced if they lowered the prices they would sell more food,and more people would be able to eat.  
#followfriday @fudgecrumpet @mrsfudgecrumpet @Hapson @Dojie @anz_rocks  good people to know. 
