Most common words for this cluster:
[('people', 790), ('lol', 18), ('haha', 6), ('u', 6), ('com', 5), ('plurk', 4), ('s', 4), ('http', 4), ('person', 4), ('p', 3), ('awww', 3), ('x', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'people', 0.9999762177467346), (u'peole', 0.6066710352897644), (u'poeple', 0.5919820070266724), (u'individuals', 0.5829769372940063), (u'peple', 0.5800821781158447), (u'folks', 0.5800350904464722), (u'peo_ple', 0.5773557424545288), (u'peope', 0.577190101146698), (u'citizens', 0.5659549832344055), (u'Americans', 0.5632308721542358)]





I hate when I have to call and wake people up 
Why do people keep following me and then randomly stop?  It makes me sad!
I just had two people stop following me 
...people who have had this, and she says they have all been the same. It's vicious. 
@captainjohnhart Most people don't realise how much they'd miss it if they couldn't do it any more 
why are people to cruel and rude 
is now waiting and wanting people 2 follow her 
sad 'cause of some people 
@micknsk some people just like to spam 
Some people make me so angry 
Some people don't appreciate my kindd loveeeee 
I feel so bad now  it sucks when people are so nice to you.
@MikeGMY I need more people following me 
I just got unfollowed by 3 people in the last three hours  haha i don't really care though i didn't know those people to begin with
Missing some amazing people 
I wish more people would follow me 
so early, though most people wouldn't say that about 9:37. still, soooo eaaarrrllllyyyy. 
@mattgemmell How many people ended up attending, wanted to go, but couldn't 
Why do people think that I'm making them to feel isolated?  Why... if people are turning against me, fine...
I dont get how weird people find me on here?  they even follow me and say f* all 
is struggling to find people 
@TessMorris  awww that terrible it's always the nice people 
damn lucky people i hate you all!! 
why do some people have to be so hard to get along with. I dont understand why the cant just be nice 
Buzzen is still down people 
Meeting new people is fun and not so fun 
@meeeeeeeeeeeesh i really don't know why...maybe people don't like me? 
i miss spncon and the people there 
It really is chill...just a few people. 
I want to follow people 
why cant people just be happy for me. 
people keep stop following me 
I hate calling people...  Preparing myself now. *shudder*
people...how fun 
damn all you people live at leedsing 
@mssinglemama what is wrong with people? Ugh! 
I'm surrounded by people I don't know and people I haven't seen in ages. I should be at BAMBOOZLE right now! 
I hate waiting for people so I can go to dinner.. They always take so long.. 
Obsessed? To know some people actually think like that is what's scary 
@strychnineheart I want to find people I can talk to in real life, but I feel like all like-minded people are online and scattered about. 
i wish real people would follow me 
There can't be more than 100 people here 
it shows some people move on quickly 
so close to freedom! but then i will be so far away from you lovely people 
@ashleezy3189 what?! lo siento  hopefully i'm not one of those people
I feel sorry for homeless people. 
@TroubleSum it is to bad the old people had to go  LOL
missing people really bad 
@TexanSexican people that are anemic. 
well i did it, i let down two people i love, i deff need to make it up to them. 
To say it with@LaineyGossip: I hate people. 
stupid. people. goodnight.! 
I feel like people are wanting me to choose. 
almost 7am 0_0 some people are waking up now.. i didnt even go to sleep 
@samuelrutldge I dislike those people 
I feel so sick  and I miss people too much 
I hate thinking that people are igoring me 
Wish people would realise how much they hurt me 
Hey im new to this  do you just follow people???
special people stopped loving me, why can't i do the same? 
@ArielRebel they must hate beautiful people   
@CherylMorgan  I suppose most people who would be interested are there... except @leahmoore and myself.
Wishing people weren't so ignorant. 
I cant belive you out of all people would make fun of me! 
people suck... 
@wickedground people need to repost 
@GGEastLDN i hate waiting for people 
why do people un-follow me, what did i ever do to you 
Sometimes people just frustrate me...why can't they be nice? 
So many people make me so nervous 
why people smoke? it isnt healthyyyyyy 
There are people bouncing off walls, and people being smelly and greasy, I am lost 
I hate rude people 
I want people to stay where they are....... and never leave!  
@NinjaFanpire I'm blipping...drinking...people are still here... :laughs: I'm hungry... 
Waiting to see how many of the people I'm following really update on here 
@kingfuckncarter i can't get the people here to wake up 
homeless people make me sad 
 of all the people i would have never guessed..i'm shocked!
@wernshen wudever la you..hmmph! you guys discriminate people without internet 
@carrieryan  How dare you make people think.
is wondering why some people are horrible and insensitive when they have absolutely everything!  why why why?
aaaarrrrr why are porn people following me 
@TurboKitties what do you have against poor people? 
@DavidArchie LOL. sucks for people who drive.  
wondering why people don't stay together anymore 
Sometimes people change and it doesn't sit very well with you 
why do people like being mean to me 
You people are really boring! 
wow. I didn't know that i makes me feel so down, just because people who i love seem to have trouble?! 
Why do people always have to leave? 
@itschantalelise it's very sad to watch other people do what you love 
@imnickyip well just think how inconsiderate those other people are being to you 
its too bad it takes people so long to catch on to my sarcasm. I hate hurting people 
why do people eat oatmeal..ugh it's disgusting 
some people never write 
trying to figure out why some people always disappoint.  it makes me so sad 
you people make me sad  #unfollowfriday
@reereephillips THANK YOU!!...lmao  I DETEST forgetting people.  I feel bad. 
why, all the sudden people walk out of your life like you mean noting to them whats wrong with people. 
I want to see famous people!!! 
@dorkydeanna That's just not nice  I hate when people do that
What do you people want from me  
I hate watching people get cut on so you think you can dance. It's sad. 
Awww people say I'm cold 
@FrankieTheSats people are pathetic  how do u know some one is trying?
@jackfaulkner I forgot all of those people 
@Banette_ good to be back! It's really late though and I just got back from scaring some people and I'm pleased but really tired 
it makes me  when i see people replying to people that are only after followers and would never reply back
Getting very frustrated by people who don't know what they want... can't wait to go home tonight... 
Tweetiful people, I am sick. 
it makes me sad when people phones are sick 
@Steffisticated If they recorded it and sent it to people, they obviously meant for it to get out there.  But if they didn't, I feel bad. 
y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x
Wish i was famous like some of d people im following 
damn... people contain gluten so now i cant be a cannibal 
Mean people suck. 
s, and be honet! only you and other 2 people follow me 
Why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  ,&lt;3 kMv
@reddevilleanne aww  i guess not that many people are online though...
wants to know how to block random people from following him... he's following 14 people and 25 people are following him. 
carly needs to call me back   I hate waiting on people
too many people. i can't breathe. want to be home curled up in bed. 
I want people to leave so i can go to sleep! 
@superduperkya LOL! I get so angry when people think I'm mexican. 
I'm sad that people are sad. Wtf. 
@GQBugs  dont cut yourself off from people.
@Freiyja But... they eat people 
why r people so mean  I'm a nice person
@30STMluva believe me it is, people come here once and never again, it's so annoying, I hate it here 
argh i wish people we not at the hyperage 
@AlexAllTimeLow some people work 
@franklanzkie YOU of all people know you got to back-up. I'm disappointed in you. 
@tracecyrus nevermind, i didnt think u would do it..    anyway. people follow @tracecyrus
why do people have to poop? it so gross, and I just hate it!  fml!
seriously people.. stop talking about pinkpop already 
when your up, why do people love to bring u down? 
I can't believe this many people don't know what blu-ray is 
awww. now i feel bad that i dissed him before.    damn why are old people so sweet.
I dont like seeing people cry 
I wish I didn't care so much! I get upset by people I don't know being slagged off 
@meggersz don't make fun of flat chested people!!!  hem me hem
wow it sucks when you realize people are growing up 
is afraid of old people with old people spots 
With 68546328543974 people but I definitely feel alone 
I miss certain people!!!!!  
@kerridanrocks  mean people suck! haha!
sad to leave my people at 1141 
...don't like it when people hang up on me 
@politicsRboring thank you but I don't think people are listening 
@endoskeletons  I'm sorry people suck.  At least you got a wafflemaker?
@rach2718 which people?? 
Now, I feel bad. I dont get angry with people,  I do that only with close friends. I know, some people hate me for that. 
@liveasyoulove.i believe they r.but still,idk.people find me annoying.i dont try to be 
Deleting people who doesn't follow me consistently.  You are hurting me! ( )
@lclear08 I like it alot!! but it will never replace mtsu and all the wonderful people i met. I miss you guys  lol
i hate breaking up with people 
@isaaaa no in the irv. people wang'ed people chung'ed. it was great. no dip though 
and even people I shouldnt miss 
2 people have decided they no longer want to follow me. how sad 
why people is always so bad with me and ake me for granted?? 
helping people once again 
helping 3 different people, makes me sad 
I've come to realize it's always the same 20 or so people I'm following writing all the tweets Generally people I don't care about either 
i wonder why people don't want to follow me 
i wonder why some people don't want to follow me 
i feel bad for all of the sad naive children who think they are connecting with real people on here 
@kmodee I'll scare people... 
@TobiasdeWit more people got that follower but she or he won't follow me 
 there's only 6 people following me...
As much as i hate dad he's really sweet to people. 
@moonfrye would love to tell you but you are only folling 60 people so you will not read this 
I hate when people do this 
i am bored but i dont want to go out with people  #621621621
wo im good at getting to go and hang out with people... 
Apparently people don't want to talk to you when you're depressed... and then that just makes you even more depressed.  
i hate how all the good people seem to never get what they want it makes sooooo sad. 
I've got people following me 
@Gysha some people are soooo lucky 
Despising people. 
its sad how people you know become people you knew 
There are people who I want to help, but I feel so helpless 
@hedgemint 216 people, how awful. 
it makes me sad when people stop following me 
i don't like it when people are mad at me 
I realise people are not tagging anymore. 
Now I realized how much people expect from me,its too much.. 
I wish more people followed me   tweet tweet
Would like some people to talk to... that would be nice 
I am so totally missing ALL of my people right now!  
@shaunaaa I know it's so scary and weird how it just vanished  poor people
@ferretprincess ...for all I knew, you were in here all along, just talking to people I don't follow. 
@greenxpeen Lol I found out about it too late.  The people they pick are always ugly. :x
I suck at deliberately embarrassing people. never know when I've gone far so never go far enough 
I hate when I disappoint people 
@tommcfly haha awww  i love how you saved yourself there, don't want to anger people again ;)
aweee  people actually did unsubscribe to fred.. that's mean.
other people think I can sing, but idk. should I pursue it? people like me don't go any where with it 
some people just love to be mean to the younger people 
raptr is great, but not so many people use it. 
drawing old people is hard 
@jennyjin89 it sucks that people would want to pretend they are someone else. 
Why do people always misunderstood me 
@CarlaMeow_xo i dunnnoo, people are saying they are but im not sure  i want to know for sure lol
says people change  http://plurk.com/p/xvrt5
@barndrama you obviously met with the wrong people 
I wonder where the allgames people are...... I know they are here..... 
@justinhall I've read people raging against both slicehost and linode recently 
@fangedrose tell them they suck for doing that in public &amp; making us poor people jealous! 
people are unfollowing me  sorry i can't help but overtweet 
i hate mean people   why do i attract mean people?
@CelebReplyCops that's funny, some people say I don't reply 
how lucky are those people 
@christinasuar people must hate you on polyvore. 
@bradiewebbstack bradie, why don't you reply to people anymore?   
I don't no how to do the at people thing on this 
Not enjoying getting old... I don't want to work with people born in the 1990s! 
wishes that people who are employed by people, who dont like people didn't have to 
wishes that people who are employed by people, who dont care about other people, didn't have to 
@Jennifalconer    i'm jealous .. ive only got 22 people following me   lol
it feels so heavy now. why. i hate to be grown up people 
is sad that only 4 people are following her 
@KameronHurley seems to be legit from people who knew him. He was only 77. 
I really hate when I get so much attached to people I like/love. it sucks!  
#ImGuiltyof over indulging people 
@therealpharrell I hate when people do that 
I miss people 
some people are just really gay 
@raven_christina If I were &quot;certain people,&quot; would I know it?  
@kelly_clarkson people says you're not  kelly 
Oh don't you just love it when people suddenly dissapear?  I don't
i hate falling out with people 
Doesnt like it  when people dont text baack 
badbadbad mood  why are some people so unfair?! 
@paulcarr You don't find it ironic that the U.S. kills people to prove that killing people is wrong? 
@daanmartins so many people dan... 
This is so annoying, I have to have twitter so other people can see me on near by. I always forget 
hurt people hurt people 
hurt people hurt people 
@shellznz I know right! But some people -cough- don't think so 
are people so easily replaced? How sad 
I never meet people when I go out 
We just left the social and already I'm missing people. @jazonvinyl, I don't believe I said goodbyeto you 
@paperclipface I just don't understand people 
@PurpleZoe that's all I can do is shoot people ... its broken 
@selenagomez people keeps on picking on you  I hate those people!
I miss people already 
I hate fake people....  
@kelly_clarkson I think negative people are sad people... can't blame 'em I guess 
I hate waiting on people ugh! I'm seepy also 
Trying to find people - where are you?  You said you would be here.... 
I feel sad for all the deformed people 
is not able to follow more people atm 
i miss people 
Its like u people don't care 
I'm sick of people not listening to what I want and just assuming they know what's best for me! 
thinking i should add more people.. i am one lonely girl  baaahaha
Surrounded by three morning people. 
@tessmorris what's up, people being horrid? 
I wish people would stop unfollowing me 
i'm sick of people asking all from you when they give you nothing!  
@THEKristaT  i know  people suck sometimes
@soundlyawake this makes too many people sad 
I don't like people. 
@foxyalfy unfortunately I think some people would 
i want more people to follow me. 
worried about people 
@xohanna I'm just super annoyed because not many people can afford that 
@xohanna i've looked, maybe people are too nice to upload them! 
@4EverInABind @hnrxmcrlover i hate people! They stare at me too.  they need to learn when to look away.
Finding out why people always have to play music too loud 
@kristianc rude people 
i hate when people pace in front of me.... it makes me anxious. 
@Jonasbrothers special international people 
I hate when people don't text me back! 
i just don't understand why people have to be so mean. 
some people are so lucky to have the llives that they have. i wish i was like them 
omgosh, these people beat there kid, how sad 
@patchworkearth , @nilskidoo I only said that because I was lonely and wanted people to @ me. 
@muSicFienDkiCks aaaaaah me to LOL I hate doing it in public people look at me like WTF :-O but once I start I can't stop 
Since now it's not private, I have to refrain from scolding people. 
Why it is so easy for people to lie or pretend ? 
@jpmetz it's not okay that so many of them treat people like that! They're like famous for it  but I totally feel you.
I don't know what it is, but the people that you want to help you, seem so far away and don't seem to be around or just never there 
I'm always here for people. I never go away. They do... 
missing my 2 favorite people...lonely  gnight
How come 7 people have left me? 
@djjazzyjeff215 wow, that's messed up!! i guess some people will never understand  don't let them get to you, stay blessed!
DAmm people_ follow back 
i dont like all the people asking to babysit lexie!  she's far too young 
people are people and sometimes, we change our minds. 
I am following 50 people Only 11 of those are following me 
@sensible the people we were supposed to meet up with couldn't make it... 
why do people have to kill themselves so young....... 
@QueenofSpain - hate it when people stop showing up in your twitterstream randomly. 
@sberg1 I hate when people do that! :Q   
mean people suck 
Some people call me whale. I'm not that big 
@iMJR I can't find anywhere to invite people. 
@elvensapphire are you okay? i dont like seeing people sad 
Really really hates when people *have* to pick her up.  I'm sorry.
Still waiting. I dont like when people are unreliable 
missing too many people right now................... 
i miss people easily 
@alienstar07 That's what I thought! But people told me I was wrong 
@qwghlm But getting people to vote... sensibly too... 
@selenagomez So many people are calling u!! I cant get through 
I will never understand some people 
You never know what you have until it's gone. If only people actually understood that...I hate when people are sad 
@orezavi but i don't want to know people 
excited about going to monterey, not so excited that most people are too busy to go with me 
Missing people i shouldn't              
I shouldn't tell people I'm ticklish 
bought a yoohoo. I miss people. 
too many people tweeting/replying to me at once, I can't keep up  sorry if I don't reply, I probably didn't see it cuz it got pushed down
mean people suck 
@emzyjonas these cracked up people are following me and i cnt get rid of them 
I don't like when people eat turtle 
@emzyjonas how do i get rid of these disturbed people following me ? 
goodmorning people ._. I'm not happy, no no 
@vettyv some people that know me hate me 
very hurt that people unfollowed her 
 some people need to grow up and stop trying to screw people over... 
@parlai only 98 people have signed. 
why do i always fall for the wrong people? 
people  twitter me.
@parkview   people are unbelieveable.
missing people 
Is so bad that you can not be with the person you love!  I feel bad because I like two people who can not be with me! Why to me?
@wazup4422 cause you can't go over 2000 people until you get more people following you 
c'mon people follw me 
@keithramsey Some people are f**kwits 
@mileless  I'm sorry...I hate when well loved (by me) people die.
@TeenyR those people are the worst! i see that happen too much 
Tooo much work going on, urghhh and people really need to sort themselves out! 
go to lunchh with --people 
HEY! what is up people? i'm extremely bored. 
people...im bored!!!!    
@tashamclellan obviously those people are stupid then because you're awesome 
I hate when people talk about @kurosuist to me  grr..
@DanaK6 yeeh exactly, lucky people 
some people are very rude ... 
Ah This twitted is officially mucked up it keeps sending tweetd to the wrong people 
but to avoid some people, it looks like I am! 
@evatabbani ugh people suck so hard sometimes 
@ddlovato but now it won't let more people vote 
@queenofdesire they seem horrible people 
Noooooooooooooooo why do weird people follow 
where is everyone did people die? 
Sometimes people really annoy me 
@KatieCurl some people can do it i think but most people can't. I can't 
persianhacksthey have killed 6 people so far  @670amKIRN #iranelection @persiankiwi @
people keep getting me excited  n it isnt who i want it to be
@mattzoorr ditto  Those people should be shot. Or at least maimed!
I hate being jealous of other people, but it just comes natural to me 
I love how people don't reply to me. I actually wanted to hang out with him too  9.2.08_cjr[rip]
@allthatglitrs21 people are lame. 
Whooooooaaaaaaaa,people comin at my neckk!  danng.
 less and less people have been partying lately.
@luckee13 some people are just nasty! 
I think I'm interesting, but people disagree 
the people i thought would be there, arent 
: hoping for more responsible people to manage us 
@JoannaAngel sorry  you of all people don't deserve this
@TheRedString  Usually there's not much I can say to help, so that's why I usually don't respond...people do care.
i hate people   
absolutely devastated i wasn't one of the many people @rustyrockets tweeted earlier 
@mrsfawnjonas tell people to follow us! we only have 14 
@epiphanygirl lol people keep replying I see  thought you were going to meditate.
It's sad that I'm following all these people that don't even know I exist. 
I love when people get mad at me for being hurt 
Goodmorning people 
i wish more people would follow me 
missing people 
people come and people go, cousins just left 
5 people made redundant so far 
@shesroyaltee That's disgusting! It makes me so mad that people can still think like that. 
I hate rude people.. 
@WhiskeyAndWine  &lt;3 people sucking again?
I need to unfollow some people. I can't keep up with almost 600 people. 
wondering why only 18 people are following me 
@crispyd dude I'm scared. its already happening. people I know. ahhhhh 
I hate it when people don't understand how you feel 
@Cortneyr3 I know, right?!!!! He replys to other people...I've seen it  that is mean. haha..he will though..I can feel it. haha
ahhhhhhhhh. i hate people... 
I was told thy I've been through what most people go through in their 20's.... I guess teenagers have changed nowndays 
ugh you people dont know what it is like to be me 
To the people following my bad 
How to remove the people that you follow ? 
I think I might have to agree with 12382347 people who keep telling me that I'm not sick, and that is just allergies that i have 
@sssshenin oww, which certain people ..? 
@hellonhairylegs Oh... that's so horrible  You stick it out with people like that? I'm impressed!
@CforrClemmensen y r people soo mean  pwease
@ynomis nutshellmail is prohibited as well...  i guess the it people are smarter than that...
@ysandaangsalita hey.  i didn't see you todayyy. see you soon hopefully. i need to be around people :|
some people srsly , i could cryy people dont understand what it would mean to some people to be that close to them 
waiting for the #Carmile people to come and fetch me.  #WithoutWheels
officially missing you people... 
I wish people would just say what they mean. 
3 people have un-followed me.. 
@_dirtytalk_ i still don't like her. i'm just praying people don't kill cudi for me. 
worried abt the people of iran 
I'm scared of crazy people 
totally irritates me that there are people enjoying 3.0 right now, but not me 
I hate mean people 
i want some interesting peoples msn  some people really suck..
@VonShelly because some people only care about themselves. 
I Just can't stand Italian people anymore.. I'm not supouse to say that but. whatever! I miss Americans!! 
is trying to unfollow some people but it won't let me 
I can't stand late people!! 
@danraylopez i'm one of those effing people. 
is wishing more people where following him 
...I want to be alone. Toomany people here 
@theslim I'm sorry to hear that  I can't believe how mean and rude people can be.
i HATE when people don't text back!  ugh.
@missmolly15 http://twitpic.com/7fzp2 - I miss this too  mostly because i wasnt there.....and i don't know these people...hmmm.....hahah
Why are people so mean when they drive 
why cant i just study and not be distracted like normal people?? 
@joeymcintyre alright too many people are trying to look at it and it wont let me!! not fair not fair not fair!!!!!! 
I wish there were more people to like. 
@peterfacinelli are you still losing people?  
I miss people. 
@skitalets, Me too. And some other people as well. 
i wish more people would twitter 
LetsTalkFatLoss is now following me. Why do i attract these people? 
@chibialfa I can't stand the people sitting next to you-in front of me. So loud 
@letterstoalover i have weird people following me too. 
why are some people so unsupportive? 
I'd keep spamming but I don't want to annoy people.  Hahahaa.
why all the people always leave me alone ? 
.. why WHYYY do i have to hear these people flirting with each other..  whyyyyyy????  
I HATE people!!! 
@nikibrown You have now made several people hungry 
@Nataliee_ all my people left me.  x
@thekidrobb Aw!  I know dat but more people should go green too 
i want to scream. stupiddd people suck 
I really don't like missing people 
@Alliewayyy never heard of those poor people...I didn't even know that they exist, 
just realized that people barely tweet at her. I need new Twitfriends! 
@Toddly00 i can't. i only add people i've personally met.  i still think you're lovely though...
@magickhooly How people say they're going and then lie because they obviously haven't 
ughhh, so fed up with people. whateverrr. 
Some people just don't care 
will I ever see you again? I always feel so jealous and sad because you're always talking to and seeing people who are never me. 
@rebbewhannah Aw  I keep getting all these people I don't know. It's kind of weird.
@trish1972 well, i have to wait for like 10 people to get through then before i can get them 
im all about people...to bad people arent all about me 
ughhh soo frustratedd...some people just suck sometimes 
But I don't want to go among mad people 
@delaneyg84 I hate that people hate her. I LOVE HER. 
All the green people don't seem to have woken up yet. It's all normal coloured people now. 
ugh  i love people being busy for me
Omgggg @DavidArchie was tweeting people back!!  I
I am so sick and tired of people telling other people my stories to tell 
people can be frustrating 
some  people just drive me insane 
Wish people would call back 
why are people sometimes so mean   
Why some people just doesn't care?.. 
Why do you people do this to meee!!! I just want to sleep 
@kelanjo19 no i'm not!  are you?  i kind of wish i was going now, lots of people i'd love to meet up with are!  you're doing so great with
@MariaLKanellis people are so mean to you, maria 
i want famous people to tweet me! 
aw, I hate seeing people so upset..... 
This is how awful I am, 10 people told me I was awesome. So I took that as the other 30 people hated me and wanted me to go die. 
what's the diffenents between the people you follow and those who're following you? I don't get that 
I hate being mean to people  actually I totally suck at it
@Steelzy  that's so.... sneaky   bad people!
So many people are graduating, its so amazing. I feel so young 
I love napping but not when people need me 
Some people..... 
So stressed out.  why do people need to be like this, seriously?
#dontyouhate not being around the people you love/care about 
@xGunMoll__ aww poor people! that must really suck 
people dont take me seriously do they? 
i'm sick of people 
Sometimes perfect is just not good enough for some people 
Why don't more people follow me because I am @egspoonyks sister 
i hate waiting for people to show up 
@Krissxten  I would have. But you have to attract people to optical!!
Is wishing she had more babysitting people.. it suxs only having one and is always being used.. 
@originaltyler  people are so sick ugh you know this world sucks when people get killed for being who they are 
Some people don't ever learn......  
@PereeJr no  it was too crowded, too many people trying to c free fishys
@JustinMGaston why are people so rude to you? 
+ I'm having people over tonight 
All I want to do is to go back to sleep...but people won't let me do that will they? 
I miss quite a few people  sigh... I wish I could see the people I love right now 
people are stupid 
why don't many people have twitttttter ? 
@stellar_k people are lying about me. it's awesome. 
i neeed to find people i knoww 
@TommyMac1 What is wrong with people? I'm so sorry for you guys 
I hate arrogant people. 
so early to be up, 7:15, I guess I am getting old! old people can't sleep 
why are people so mean? 
don't want to go to work. I hate rubys and I hate serving people 
@_elliee @angelashushan I'm having so much shit with the people I'm going with and I can't be bothered with it 
gawdd some people are mean 
people suck 
@thelindsaylohan do you reply to peoples twitter's people like me? Or you one to ignore 
That sucks i can only follow 2000 people 
Why do people stop following you?  
@lovekelsey i know, and it really bums me out when i see people say mean stuff to other people... 
I was expecting a better turnout than the people here! 
Hangover tips would be greatly appreciated people! It's not shifting at all 
is looking for people 
I hate it when people fight 
Not many people r tweeting 
@chrisseymc ur not doing this very good.... U must be tweeting other people the #squarespace 
people over  bored
I'm not leaving. But people are.  
@tysonritteraar  some people are just soo stupid.
I hate trying to forget about people    &gt; 
@skyejaden apparently, other people are talking about it on here. 
amazed how people are never what they seem 
What's up with all the people calling me ugly?? You don't even know me 
just signed up for this. Looks like very few people I know are using this 
I am trying to find people that i actually know..... It's really hard 
@smurfylove2 I think some people were doing that to Makeupblogger too 
@happylovesChuck but I don't like it when people are mad at me. 
I get sad when people unfollow me. 
i miss too many people 
Tired of what people have to say.. its not fair. 
@Danielleexll3 me too. But famous people don't talk to normal people  it stinks xD
I really need the people I love to be closer. This is so hard, I hate it 
ahh i miss sooo many people right now! come bacccck 
@VeronicaATL as with people irl 
I'm really bored  I want to talk to people
@niteguardianx aww.  you're one of the smartest people I know.
@AdaoraO its messed up that you didn't offer him gum, but I feel worse for the people you introduced him to 
it sucks how people cannot be bothered to tweet me back.  i'm not the most annoying person even. 
@irishmcprincess i could still talk to them and tell them how much i love them.  even tho people would stare.
missing people 
@KinanLW Whoai, am worried about you.  And i too don't like people lying to me.
I have to work seriously ! It's hard when it's sunny outside and when people are celebrating music 
I'm officially old.  I kept being amazed/appalled that the people around me @ the 500 were old enough to drink.
still missing certain people 
I lost 4 people!! 
is annoyed with certain people 
@staceylea_x i only have 54 people following me  get people to follow me!
@skyenat but then LOTS of people will come 
is dissapointed in people. 
I wish the people I follow would follow me, but if they don't follow me they won't see this  
 i can't block people anymore! what's wrong!
@petsalive  its hard to have to tell people no. 
@SonicThrust But I'm sure they'll be incredibly embarrassing  And would ruin how fabulous I seem to other people if they see them ;__;
@meeble i've tried to unfollow several people and it has never worked! 
@ddlovato  i'm sure that people will understand. i hope u feel better
Now 2 people dead 
Really bored need more people to talk to 
@sublyme  We are good people, you and I.
six people confirmed dead   from bad to worse
I dunno why people tempt me so much 
lol wow people hate on people they dont even know, like @mileycyrus @JustinMGaston @selenagomez and @ddlovato i feel sorry for them 
Finally recorded ... but not perfect.. messy me.. people around just keep disturbing me.. 
@ILikeBubbles That's not fair. We righties don't even realize what we do to left-handed people. Or we do and we're just mean. 
 i miss people
I hate when people let you down, and it makes you feel really pathetic and mopy 
@Mitsjol may I ask why your so sad? I don't like it when people are sad 
it creeeps me out when i know people 
Is starting to get used to people letting me down 
I hate it when people wake me up 
@alechukee  a bunchh of people just came
@shesbatty Sadly yes  So yes, people read this!!!
just seeing how well i know people , i am extremely bored 
people come and go and i remain.  
I hate when people have to move away from me 
@theawkwardbox agreed.  people got pretty fired up!
why do i talk about people so loudly 
I'm fading away from people, soon it will be like we never met. I hate that. 
sometimes you just have to trust the people you love and sometimes you get let down 
is trying to figure out how to actually follow people... 
Why do people need to cut they grass  *snuffle*
Sometimes life is shitty to really nice people 
I'm a little bummed that several people who really wanted to attend the minireunion are not able to make it. 
got woken up and can't go back to sleep  people need to realise i can't fall back to sleep if woken up.
why do people cancel on people 
@TheMindofTippy you mean all people 
will invite people to twitter. 
people amaze me 
@airplanemancf you are so right  thanks for that. Always nice to have some positive people around!
@sarahhorrigan -- creative people shouldn't have to administrate 
looking4 people 
Looking for interesting people to follow  
Getting through people require genuinity. So, be genuine 
@jenncastle lol some people are SO outdated 
annoying people by dancing is always fun 
I want to read to old people. I don't know why...I just think it would make them happy. 
is grateful for the people around him 
@JeannieHolmes I hang out with the strangest people...makes me feel more normal 
Morning people! 
@MissSididdy actually i was writing it so people like you would respond 
hey people 
1443 @drugaddicteyes um lying I don't check like some people 
Why are old people so cuteeee!!!! 
@dmlaenker - dunno who that is.  I'm too noobish to know much about the people in curling. 
more people should join this 
Now enjoying livejournaling with other genderly-confused people 
@rosietypewriter I meant, like, people I'm phonecalling 
i follow people who follows me. 
eating with good people.  
@elizabethhhp people ARE dumb! 
Not many people, but we did get encored. It was fun. 
@murnahan now i did.people really do care about people wish you the best 
says Goodafternoon people. :o  http://plurk.com/p/oygzs
i just stopped following 40 people! Just cause i follow to many.. 
people are fucking werid.. 
moxies tonight with some great people 
@prepchik07 yay  how many other people are there?? ;) :p lol x
@syamira723 we can still twitter with less people!!!! 
I haven't been on here long and can tell from the few people I follow who is successful. The people who use it! 
@scampseco and I followed all your recommended people as well!!! 
searching for people to follow 
@jordanfish Most people hate me for it  I was just amazed so many people cared actually..
People tryin to break us apart and were not even together... Yet. I heart jealous people 
It would be so nice if you tweeps would be the lovely people I know you are and follow @keza34 - she's great to talk to. You'll love her! 
Morning people! Going to work now! Huggles 
might be regretting starting this......hopefully i convince people to get on 
waiting for people to come 
@TrivialTwit  I wonder how many people actually check it 
to all the people who direct messaged me... sorry... i just figured out how to use it. im trying to respond now 
Some people call it well rounded...I call it me-she did it again 
bowling with some amazing people.  drunk people are funnnnyyyyy. haha.
I'm following some seriously whacky people... and I like it 
All the other people i dated were walmart. You are D&amp;G. 
@chibit thanky  people seem really worried that i'm not more excited!!
@technotetris @ohemgeematt  its settled then i'll have my people call you people  your people shall be waiting 
is thinking of more worthwhile people to follow  ..
@themediamatters how great of you to say so! I'm only unfollowing people who do not update or do not ever converse w/me! you're good 
Partyyyyy people !  Going to a sweet 16  ? ?
trying to get more people to follow me 
@__parasite__ it can just eat the people we don't like 
heyy people 
I'm a ninjaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.. waaaaaa!  no, i lied, i'm not, i'm crazy. anywayy.. helloo people! 
@dopeydee Some people do their own 
@shaunjumpnow you are one of the funniest and randomest people i have heard. lol. 
I am really happy to have some real people following me. 
And I am not of those people that was constantly high throughout the 60s ..  I was too young..
Morning beautiful people of Ahmerica. 
I like seeing people smile.  
@jma942 you are terrible with people in general! 
I really need to find other people to follow....... 
cannot wait to go home to see the people she loves the most 
@BroncMurphy  I agree people should be able to cohabitate with whomever they choose 
@Imageglow you will have to unfollow some people that are not following you so you can follow new people 
@nichelady I am with you. -#FollowFriday is easy enough for those who are annoyed by it.  I recommend relatively few people anyway. 
gooodmorning people of earth! 
looking for people 
heyya people! 
@musicislife2010 Really? Bahaha. I love that you relate people to that. haha. 
@alexeiv tell his people to contact my people 
@skdev I left that for people to complete 
@itsleish That it does  just wish more people would notice it
@Jaspye2 - not you! other people 
is lucky to be loved by so many people 
is hoping to meet new people 
G'night people 
@MeliLiri he is kiling people. that is fun 
@werebear Not really... But what I'm about to do might potentially piss off a few people. 
i love lakeshore people! 
@adjective21  lol  well people needs to get with it 
is thanking all the people who are following me.. Much appreciated 
@kristenstewart9 , I think people like this will never learn  
@yetixx Maybe I tweeting will help find it?  You'll be surprised what people are tweeting about 
@tamcdonald I know...I don't know why people aren't nice more often...its so rewarding 
@Nostreetrader both?  and people tell me i'm cynical.  but you are probably right 
I love honest people. 
@AdamT.... you need better IT people 
people make me smile. 
At 1 15 am i hate rude people and loud people but i like when im rude to loud people 
i love being weird.  and weird people too hah
Some people just make you smile  don't ever let them leave.
asian people are really wonderful. that's why i am really proud to be one. 
Blocking people 
@moanasaves LOL ;)  I just enjoy meeting new people! 
Hey people   
@_iKya finally.. people can breathe normally 
@susanahG you're not new! Where did you pick up 300 people from all of a sudden? 
@joewunderlick I guess some people are just lucky 
Headed to demotte  people are lucky I love them
@happylilski hiyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  finally, some cool people have twitter.
ignoring a few people . . .   . . . what i do best !
@logicgeek Some people should #dieinamethfire 
@salemome sometimes people just need a nap. especially awesome people 
@elpie @wendywings oh well, at least I amused a few people 
people make me mad! although, some people make me smile. 
@CheekyChristine I actually had people thanking me because it never happens 
It's amazing how many really interesting people there are 
hey people follow @meelielane 
lol I am unfollowing so many people.. I guess I just realized, I don't care what most people have to say 
I miss my four-people crew. Haha! 
@Yamino It's where you list people you follow, but that don't follow you! 
Morning people! 
Morning people 
@ellaweeze lol elly  follow people.
would you be happy if people can fly and go anywhere they wanted to go without traffic? 
hey people. 
i finally remembered to tweet. then remembered only four people will see it 
some people just don't get it.... 
Doing the opposite of @JaneFoth and using http://friendorfollow.com/ to follow people I forgot to follow back 
lol just wait my lovely people you will be followed 
@zoernert we can send you some  we are only 3 people and one of them (me) not eating 
@dinug some people said that they're dating; but it isn't true. At least WE think so! 
I love working with old people! They make me smile 
eeeeee..i'm new.  what's up people?
You iPhone people should get LOOPT too 
sometimes people are strange 
I'm happy that people think I've changed, better than to have not changed at all 
says well hello there people of the plurk.   (LOL) http://plurk.com/p/vgo66
@jcummings01 Its not weird it means we are happy people 
@ToYKillAS the real one is better  I like peacefull people :-D
What is wrong with you people??? 
@chrystie69 i dont think it is spam since you choose to follow people   you can always unfollow people you dont like
i am following people 
@whatthepho people are blogging about you 
#Followfriday hint- don't start with @ since then only people already following the first person you list will see it  #ff
@mychiller thank you for seeing that news people are people too 
is following exactly 1000 people, cool 
@gorphax84 At least I know who one of those people are 
Gooooooodnight people 
@LWinthorpe all the people hurt in 2008 did that,and yet they already forgot they promosed it 
Close minded people are awesome! 
@aysetugrul I SO envy all you sea people! 
#FollowFriday follow this epic people: @illbecavalier @irisCOLE @luzar @KelseyBessvis @jasonmunday @lukeconard @nordyke 
looking 4 new interesting people to follow 
