Most common words for this cluster:
[('people', 1362), ('things', 52), ('lot', 37), ('com', 35), ('lol', 35), ('http', 31), ('lots', 24), ('im', 22), ('na', 21), ('haha', 20), ('thing', 20), ('amp', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'people', 0.915782630443573), (u'folks', 0.6380893588066101), (u'People', 0.637031614780426), (u'poeple', 0.6224852800369263), (u'peole', 0.6109977960586548), (u'peolpe', 0.6093143224716187), (u'peple', 0.6079392433166504), (u'poeople', 0.606985330581665), (u'Johnnie_Baston_die', 0.6053721904754639), (u'Maxine_Sis_Cluse', 0.6039319634437561)]





@robluketic  love the french. I tell people here in the south i'm qtr. french and they snarl at me.  french are beautiful people
why do other people get replies 
@PamJH yes, more than 150 people killed and a lot missing 
 loads of people are going to t4 on the beach, is there anyone who ISNT going?!
is poorly sick  Wishes she had lots of people giving her sympathy &amp; flowers
waiting to hear back from people I emailed... heading to work to do more transcribing... fun... 
@acangiano do you remember the 1980 earthquake in Irpinia? People still waiting too 
is annoyed when other people are &quot;too busy&quot; to do their work, so they ask me to do it. not fair!  
@llef dial-up, ewww, didn't know people were still on that. 
@buttterx3 me eitherrr! idk, some people are just jealousss 
These people are crazy!! Its like they are always watching me..waiting 4 my next mistake. They already attacked me multiple times tonight 
@hellparade i know it should but people think its lame...  they dont love me enough
I wish I knew people here so someone could bring me soup and meds  ill just sleep it off
@collective_soul I really tried to recruit as many people as I could to follow you guys so you wouldn't lose $500.00! 
still bored |-) all the cool people are not online or they are busy/away 
love my boyfriend but so tired of explaining to people why he's never out with me. 
I don't really wanna mention much about it online. People might plagerise. 
People are annoying 
@Schofe aw mr schofe how dare people accuse you of being so irresponsible 
@singsangsung3 Too late for that now. No one wanted to go with me.  People need to widen their verizons in music!
@AngelIbarra i only get that when i'm around alot of people. it sucks. 
Wish i was one of ones marilyn manson sings about... The beautiful people, the beautiful people... Wish i could afford plastic surgery.. 
i made it 6 hours... feeling shitty  missing too many people, and obviously not handling it well. sleeping with willow.
@Elleonora yea, not many people have this 
damn some people just love to piss me off but im just gon let it go.... 
#barcampevn09 starts in 4, 3, 2, 1... minutes. There isn't an alwful lot of people here yet! 
Hopes there is Sprouses People magazine edition  that will cheer her up
@zackalltimelow i'm sorry for whatever people did to u 
@BindMe but that's true you have to block later people posting fake or spam twits 
likes to listen to sad music...or music made by sad people...   http://plurk.com/p/oyg3b
@petewentz I hope some people do care 
is missing a lot of people 
@kyleandjackieo take it's only for people living in sydney 
@drpants   There are going to be lots of sad people today.....
I'm doing... nothing. Is there some brazilian people here? 
@stroughtonsmith Some people are just cunts, it seems 
why do bad things happen to good people? 
is lookin at horrid pictures of herself that people have been posting on facebook:S 
Being ill sucks  I miss all my people!!!
I hate people bugging me when I'm in a good mood  like right about now.
got an email saying the Maine was following me on twitter. I jut went to the maines twitter. Following 0. People like to trick me, huh? 
http://twitpic.com/3nac6 - i miss these people! 
I've already given out all the Galene eggs I'm going to in game this month.  People are already comparing them to sand dollars 
@lennel That is sooo sickening! Whya re people still living in the past man, such a shame 
@6morningnews u guys are on top of my list which is pretty cool... but i can DM only 18 people out of my tiny 41 followers...  
http://twitpic.com/3nehs - why they always hating on us short people? we need love too  even if he ain't real lmao
Some people update way too much around 3am 
Why do people have to be jerks? 
are these people banging away in the attic for real? omg 
@pathrewritable I read that article,  I didn't know people hated comic sans soo much  how do you feel?
wishes people didn't take anyone for granted. People seem to leave us almost as quick as they came. 
@ddlovato i dunno demi  ignore them they are dumb they only know what others tell them to be true than to actually figure it out.urperfect
&gt;__&lt; I'm probably annoying to the people I love the most. 
@vickytcobra Wow, really? I honestly didn't get that jist from it at all. It's ridiculous how people are so quick to overreact anymore. 
I want to start making vlogs on youtube, but people can be really mean sometimes 
@TinaFey  hairless people would dye for them
@Kegs1528 I'm not sure...  people must realise how stupid my tweets are. you'll realise soon
@CocoFontana your twit about the parent enraged me. it's sad that people like that are still living. 
I don't think I got it.  They were really nice people, but I just don't think I sounded a strong enough candidate.  I need a hug.
@xKevinx I almost lost my headband these people are rough 
Purrrrrrr. People keep passing me, but no one pets my belly. 
is mad I can't see the people I actually know updates cuz these famous folks -- who could care less about me -- are clouding the tweets! 
@incircles See, that's the sort of sad comment that makes me hug people 
its funny how people dont want me to come town with them 
Only 3 people I know have twitters, how annnoying  ha
feel let down by people 
@tuileries lol I know. So annoying people behave like that though, can really ruin things.  x
@OfficialAshleyG sorry to hear that the 'fans' are being crazy...it's scary to think of the lengths some people will go to 
@thepunkbronxkid They were interviewing a lot of people.  I really hope I get hired.
So sad I'm not at #bamboozle !!! People keep tweeting about it... 
@amon91 Just people tbh 
@petewentz or maybe a singer too! I dont know if i can sing, I think i sing good for me. But most people walk away from me when i sing 
@Alexnevamind @kaz2251 @iloveicecream1 she moved out  i miss her she is totally into them! more than me!i still have a lot of people here
I'm missing a lot of people. 
 some burglars broke into my parents house &amp; stole some stuffs &amp; a car  People these days..............
thinks she needs a new life. People she loves hurt her, people take her for granted. She sorts it out and gets hurt all over again. 
@Derrdoo  It doesn't work, it just makes me feel better.    You're right, why do IT play people have to screw up a good thing.  
http://twitpic.com/4h2ij - 20 people have viewed it, and noone has commented 
@torilovesbradie me to but andy said its not that big and its only for people who are going to sway sway  ox
lyin in bed tinkn bout all the people ive hurt and pushed away and all the people whove done the same to me 
i really, really like the price is right.  what old-people things will be left to like when i am old?
@nurimanina itu... people i thought my bestfriends turns out to be the biggest jerks on earth! 
a couple of old people talking politics and religion behind our booth 
More people should follow me. Its depressing how theres only two.  
What's with the silly people with shaky hands trying to video things? 
seeing cari on thurs! she wished for me at 11:11. I feel loved. I miss so many people right now. 
breaking up with people sucks! why does love hurt?!? 
Why can some people dispose of friendships just like that *snaps fingers*? I just dont understand sometimes... Its sad really 
ugh, people stop twittering about chicago. it is making me homesick and I don't even live there yet 
@nicki20 No more old people? 
Everyone should work over night so that i can have people to tweet with 
Some people are so stupid grrrrr its frustrateing y all of the drama an hateing  
i miss my people back in orlando 
I wish more people would play the pirates sim game with me on facebook 
@melster_yo We live in the 818 now  but u guess u still don't see us as good loving people. How small minded and sad of u!!!
... trying to find people I know! I`m bored, illness sucks 
People I don't know are following me 
fighting with internet sales people  and trying to work out how twitter works
Why is being at my dads so awkward? There's all there rich people talking about fancy holidays and business. I want to go home 
is missing a lot of people 
@GaelicHero People take themselves too seriously. I totally appreciate their sacrifice, but that wasn't about them AT ALL. It was fun. 
@NikkiBalzzz i did! me and sarah r were watching it.. there weren't too many people watching, just a few. it was early and raining out 
Not feeling too good. And sometimes big crowds just piss me off, even more than when people take my turn at stop signs 
People are never online anymore. 
@memerylane @PatrickRottman cool people rweeting each other about hookah!!!!  Wish I was as cool 
@PeterSantilli said a lot of things in IL too - but was accused of being racist for pointing it out.   People got what they wanted
Why did they have to kill the old nice people? 
k so i'm at the 2001 and can't follow anymore people until I get my followers up hmmm 
 I'm just tired. People just need to magically understand.
@tori0_o  people are going to get the wrong idea 
im trying to find some people but not sure how to 
@jinjagirlie not nice to poke fun at people that can't pronounce 'Brian' !!! 
I want people to watch me on youtube  and subscribe
@cinemabizarre it's really sad that people have to steal your music.  I will eagerly await TOYZ! &lt;3
I dont like when people i really care about are upset.. And make it impossible for me to do anything about it 
@allikatetor i don't know anybody that likes mcfly  people here suck
Could some people please mourn fir my lizard with me? I loved her and she died. 
ugh; i hate when other people disappoint me. 
@duckie_kate  Then they'll have to get fucking 'undiscovered' people or w/e.
@unabarber I know!! People drop me all the time for that exact same reason. It's ironic really.... 
Also. People should Tweet to me some more... im getting lonely  but not really. although it is fun to find new messages to and or about me
its strange that i get mad when homeless people steal my recycleables at 2 am. but then i also feel bad for them 
im a simple girl.. why do people have to judge me.. 
some people are......uhh wonderfull 
i am sick and tired of people taking advantage of me. i am not an atm! 
@sharlalalala People can be sooo mean.  I'm sorry!
@loveless69 I'm jeolous!! I'm stuck with 9 people still at the bar!!  
The hubby has gone to shut the neighbors door. I hope they don't try to kill him.  they are pretty shady people.
I should probably pay more attention to people's profile pics 
I`m so jealous of people who get to see them and hear them now. 
Someone really piss me off. I hate the people who like to speak ills behind me 
Getting a bit jealous that some people's @glastofest tickets have arrived and mine haven't yet 
Missing seeing people's @replies  #fixreplies #twitterfail
I just hate when people promises something, and then doesn't hold it  So sad... 
hates letting people down....and now feels terrible about it 
@jamielovely god bless you! I want to hang out with people without having to spend $200+ I just can't justify it  You are awesome!
@nicoleseitler chin up, darlin...some people just weren't raised right  .
Fucking hate not being able to get ahold of people. 
@DeAxl  amen somtimes i regret my license lol all i do is drive people around, and when i wana go out i got no gas 
@swerdloff ice is cold, water is wet, people treat people like crap.  it's the nature of the world 
My whole mood is shot...and people are starting to file out and leave... 
Is really dissapointed the hot tub is full of people 
;; give me something to do people!!!  i'm so bored. 
Everyone has gone to bed so I shall, too. I gained about 15 followers due to the hot words thing. You people only like me when I'm dirty. 
work was slow and old people annoy me 
@LesHemmings I bet he didn't though  why do people ignore their instincts when it comes to circ?
We didn't get to finish tonight because people couldn't stop beating each other up. 
explaining things to people can be frustratiing; 
I think girls are sometimes the most cruel people alive. It's sad that my best guy friend is being hurt like this 
@clintcatalyst you're  engaging in haiku with other people? i thought i was the ONE. 
Getting my internet fit and trying hard to forget a person that I loved so deeply.  Why do we long to be with people who are just no good 
@mileycyrus That is heckaa mean that all these people are being rude to you miley  your not fatt,and cyber bullying is rude people.
starvinggg   but i'm on diet. This is torturing! no wonder many people died because of poverty
I'm missing so many people  I wanna go for a shopping spree.
i think im the only person that doesnt know how to say stuff to people on here!  gaaah
@BrookeAlbertson awhhz I'm sorry brooke people can just be cold and heartless 
Just following the people that matter, cause they don't care about you anyway 
i often say things just to annoy people. sorry, can't help it. 
People keep talking about pancakes...now I want some 
some people are soo sick  its just rong to treat someone like that. crying my eyes out about it 
really hating the new msn. keeps spamming people when im offline 
I really can't understand people sometimes... i'm gonna close my self forever... i can't live in society, they seem to hate me... 
has got so many exams coming up and is really annoyed with my friend as she keeps telling lies to people about me  xxxxx
@emilyruppe aw sad, does that make us wrong people? 
Feeling  for the people who didn't &quot;feel&quot; the earthquake 
@lalalalexi it fell through cuz not enough people know. 
agh. sore throats suck.   i love gay people - saddest movie on lifetime right now!  
I am sad more people will not follow poop_tweets  sadness
why is it that there are so few people online nowadays 
@BradHart don't share that, last time people went there we learnt my penis was tiny 
@luciuskwok true, but the people i always see fishing there look like the can't afford to not eat them 
is not sure how she managed to follow so many japanese people... and speaks no japanese herself 
@katepickle perhaps it's the universe's way of testing your patience? People often don't get  &quot;leave me alone&quot; vibes... 
@lexia the problem we've had with tutorials etc., is that people don't use them 
i'll try to do a better jobbut people keep sending me requests for quizes - i think i havwe 14 of them out there right now  
People just continue to amaze me 
is so tired  revive me people!
http://twitgoo.com/4c5c - People can be so rude sometimes, it hurrts! 
The worst thing is there are no actual people to talk to 
@AsherUK I gotta promote my artist    u should follow more people so it wouldn't look so bad on me
i cannot play piano in front of people for nuts. 
All you do is look at what other people write you can't communcate with nobody! 
Kieli's pet peeves = 1. People eating on tv 2. Listerine commercials 3. People drinking loudly 
@ekaa17 no they don't. quickly people spill chocolate drinks on your shorts. 
@trnsgrl09  Some people can be idiots.
@Cubansunrise I found my mum and its hilarious ... to reply to people she doesn't @ she just writes the reply to herself 
HOLY SHIT that maths exam was sooo hard! even the smart people thought it was hard so i've deff failed 
Ugh! I hate it when you try to help someone and then they scream at you. I guess Some people just dont have patience for me... 
is still tired after the jojo-levels of the bloodsugar. On top of it I make people angry at me... How fun 
@gautamghosh I expected this to happen. People got promoted without skills / knowledge due to market demands. Difficult to stay on top 
I hate seeing people unhappy: I feel like I should try to fix things 
@KellyMcEwen because of the people... We only get a nice beach and town if the people are nice lol... No jojo  xx
I wish there was no such thing as homeless people. 
@Danthefierce but if its electric then u cant annoy people  hehehe :
@slyall jesus I hope not. would ultimately be good for the people of north korea to be liberated. but so many people would die. 
@Smileleigh - but these same people campaign to stop violations of a person's human rights. Something's wrong  somewhere 
somehow finds drama with people she thinks she can trust  but will make a positive out of a negative.
I'm getting frustrated cuz I can't figure out how to find the only 2 people I KNOW are on here!!!! 
@mileycyrus awww i feel bad you dont have any freedomm  i mean having people constantly watching youu 
@BudgetBitch bugger. some people are so shortsighted 
@ajuonline wth  Such a bad photograph. Quit embarassing me people!!!
@Shapeshiftjacob jake rose is really offended...people call her dumb blone...i feel sorry for her 
My free trial of plants vs. Zombies is done  and I totally couldnt make it keep going like some people said
There r people I want to see n things to do while in town n not enough time. 
@markhoppus screw my 50 people haiku idea that would leave 30 unhappy people  but still first 20 haiku bout an octopus!
i dont like people much right now. feeling sadddlike 
@IsaacMascote  i'm sorry people are so rude to you, isaac, they should get some manners and know better than to be so lewd!
almost everyone can suck my clit right about now. ive had it up to here with people fucking me over ! 
boo  rabbits pisses on people you know that 
good morning people !! in good old germany is it soooo cold  
@Debblues didn't know you folks were there, sorry. 
Squabbling with people over the internet is great for my Tumblarity, but bad for my ego when they have more internet friends than me 
why have 3 people stopped following me  is it something I said??
following people around, though there are so many.. where are the webdesign twitters! 
@mcpactions bugger didn't know that  shame people have to stick there nose in!
boo! i can't sleep again  saying hi to random people
new neighbors are moving in.... off to give my brazil presentation that i shouldve given on wed!!! but some people went overtime 
tiss sad when people leave 
@lizridley no, i do better with people i don't know  @autumnrose8683 you're going to chiodos tonight, right? just kill something for me.
i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around gay people 
@BretWolfe its a travesty, no? and, the people who are doing this said they'd THINK about involving joss whedon!!!! 
If recent experience is anything to go by, I fear I might be going off Indian food. This is not good, people. Not good 
@blackittyblack haha... sorry  she should be in the whole like two people @bohemianchurch follows
@zhighlife people r weird 
Its an undeniable truth.  I suck at talking to people.  No good at making a connection.  i come off as either strange or distant 
Seeing people today made me realize I really miss someone. But I also miss my grandpa he's been gone 17 years  oh! but my moms mamagra ...
people with mustaches get super powers and mustaches. no fair. 
@allenrob23 ..people you love.... wait i am not there 
@requin they really do need to mind their own business, eating disorders are NOT the only reason people have to vomit, assholes 
Hey @jerrymontano!  @secrettweet is mainly depressing!  It's all these people who are cheating or don't love each other anymore 
Writers:&quot;They just make me wonder,why are you foisting all the little pipe dreams stories in your head onto other people?&quot; I like writing 
Wow, its hot and miserable. People are probably killing themselves right about now... 
Ugh that walmart was so hot and white  is it wrong that I can see how people become agoraphobics?
home...wishing i was rich to go anywhere i wanted to just get away from people...feelin like im about to explod 
@DedaG I think i woulda had a fit if i got sent down here... no people, nothing to do after 9...  I woulda fell into a deep depression
at thuy's. i need to stop hanging out w/ vietnamese people ... i always feel like they're mad &amp; yelling at me  lolz
@percussionpanda they should but they didn't do too many shows  and then they never came bck so some people just forgot 
@stephaniepratt Don't worry about him.  Just someone who is very unhappy with their life and needs to make other people feel bad. Its sad 
@ElyjahRasta omg all the people you follow are strippers 
just because my friend isn't stick thin anymore, people ask if she's pregnant! 
i'm following too many cool people now. i can't keep up 
@fireton  @susanreynolds - start over?  not if it means losing awesome people like you 
Getting hit on by ghetto people 
Amazed by how dumb people are. I'll miss jaywalking. 
@irepsodmg3 why you gotta say that about people who ain't following you?  (not nice) lol
@tehdoughboy no pazzukies  but idk other food I guess not much to do but chill with people
I wish more Chinese people would wash their hair daily... 
Haha tweet dreams . People make me chuckle. Bedtime! Gnight world. T minus 3 weeks 
@idrake76 That it was, a lot of people from the church went, I was surprised you weren't there 
says to me longboarding never gets old. I'm writing fan letters to people who will probably never see them  pouttt
Feels very akward at bbt.....only white person and the old people are glaring at me 
@tina_maries nooooo  people will laugh
@theBrandiCyrus I hate when people do that you know.. lol, you just get us more excited than you should have, hahah.  But I'm excited then
ugh must stop looking at pictures of him on myspace  I think people invented myspace to torture people who have crushes!!!!
I always love everone. but that's done. I'm not going out anymore.  sad people r mean
i'm sorry people are dumb.  @MRMcLovin12085 : tired from work. i need a massage soo bad I have learn that people you use to hang out d ...
@wife, i apologize that i cannot give you a sweet bar recomendation like other people cause i have never been to san fransico. 
dont you just hate it when your best friends become the people you hate the most 
@yuujinya, people leaving the comm 
do people actually chat to one another on here?  cuz so far, since joining .. i seem to only chatting to myself 
can't believe how much 'don't let me stop you' is relating to me right now. mann, some people can just be complete idiots. :@ 
More work  I spite these people already &gt; I'd rather be driving my sis to the airport
People cry during graduation ceremonies because your future is unknown. People cry during weddings because they know what you are in for 
@firesty ohhhhh. ugh. she is always fighting with people  who was it ? and what did he say?
@sophie2dopex She probably does hate me... most people do... because I suck... you said it yourself! 
I'm thinking people should not update their twitters before noon. 
@sarahes1823 some people? is that all I am to you?  lol jk
People who allude to their problems but don't explain them make me really worried about them.  I care about people a bit too much I think.
hmm, this spymaster thing seems to have passed me by. People want me to play, and I've requested an invite but no joy yet  #spymaster
@lampplease lol  people always start talking to me and then stop. faggots. http://i43.tinypic.com/343pxlu.jpg
@DebbieFletcher lol, to many israel people are bugging you! i feel sorry for you!  x
Where have all the nice people gone? 
--for all you awesome peoples.  
Someone hacked into my aim account and was chatting w/ people  It was probably...
@tommcfly I've never been in any favela, but it's so sad to know that there's people that live in a underworld 
@abigail_x3 me too  would have helped if more people had let us know they weren't going to be there - could've been more organised, grrrrr
I hate &quot;love&quot;.   I could do without that emotion.  Why do certain people have to be cute.
Lots of people in the audience talking through the presentations..   #wordcamp
@WillMyDogHateMe its a powerful 'theory' and yes you are right, it makes people afraid 
People who leave dogs in hot cars are mean. 
gosh....i hate shopping! stupid people being mean to me. 
@natmandu I can't avoid it - every gig I get people asking why I don't try out 
@PaulCULLIFORD goddamn, brother. you have hit it on the head - these shows inspire debate during the ads so people tend to let them roll 
@namaste_vayo I like that quote about acceptance.  I keep telling people not to try to understand me, just accept me. They don't listen. 
Why is it so impossible to get an egg cream here??? People look at me like I have 8 heads when I try to explain 
Please go to this website: www.freerice.com n help to feed poor people playing,is incredible how people died n nobody cares,so terrible 
@starfish1211 @sjlovesmac im not saying anyone specifically and i didn't apply, i just see people who want it badly not get it 
It's irritating when people fail to comprehend gallows humor. 
@Hoffpants and I hate to see him in pain... things like that, you know. The more people I love, the easier it is to lose a loved one... 
@pulpjedi  I'm sorry  well my patients with ppl rite now is done with. I want to throw something at customers!!!!!!!
I guess I like dance so much that I'm trying to force it on other people, which doesn't work. 
People I guess I've been slacking I'm like on #3 not #1 via twinfluence out of 30 million.... I've been slackin'  
Feels so lonely yet has so manu people around me 
8,647,921 people online on skype yet I have no green ticks to talk too 
I'm sorry I'm not communicative folks.  I'm very ill and starting to get very grumpy about it.   It's just better if I don't talk.
Why am I always making things difficult for other people? 
people from my school are starting to get twitter now 
@mileycyrus  sometimes people need to cry it's good for you :/ and all you do need is love and gods love is the greatest of all
People so fake on  here 
all fixed, I am now following 667 people!  but still cannot get on etsy 
my java is not working so when and i want to remove some of the people im follow but i cant it sucks 
lest be sad because 7 people un-followed her 
#karachi is sleeping rite now.. i wonder why people sleep through sundays here... 
These people get way too into it. I just chickened out of karaoke. 
cool party but not enough people will dance... 
@achitnis I'm sure @derherr prefers people of similar 'stature'. With heavyweights all around, where I'll qualify! 
a lot of people didn't know who they were 
People dress so badly. 
@shanedawson lots of people dont i know lots of people  but some of them have step dads :/
I think it is wrong for people to make a public display of their &quot;well-to-do&quot; lifestyles.  It really irritates me 
@ScottEO lmao sounds about right.. maybe i'm following too many people now? squishing out the good people from view 
i miss people. i havnt hugged anyone in almost 2 weeks apart from crystal 
@letsgetradical I am afraid of your house now, always seems to be full of sick people 
@NomNomYu  well many people also want to see up but does that make you nervous? go to sleep :p
is wondering why do i get all the wierd people following me that i have to block 
bebo is weird lol so are people here and im totally bored now lol 
@amarita77 that is good and bad. If you busy then there are a lot of sick and hurt people 
@rawkstraxl i have some of those in my folder and i never knew who made em xD i can only draw stick people  xD #andyhurleyday
The people upstairs are the noisiest people ever! With them upstairs and the noisy sex people next door it's lose-lose 
It's amazing how one word from certain people can make you instantly feel great or instantly feel miserable 
@secretplanet no problem, I am always in awe of people who can draw well - it eludes me 
-people are crazy. it's okay for certain attractive people tho. &amp; they happen to be in australia right now 
Apologizes to the five people he just sent a curse to 
sorry people! didn't manage to write a review~ 
ack volleyball at mariner is like akweird and i wish people would do it with me 
wow whats with all these people getting hacked? haha i hope im not next 
@anca_foster yes  People from B&amp;H need a visa for every EU country #zebalkanictweetup
why do bad things happen to good people ? 
@imeantheend lol whoops i'll keep doing it!! we need more people though  #621621621
Stormtroopers were waking up babies.  boba fett and sand people are also out and about.
@JayHMT I don't want to be one of those folks 
@ZaneDeFazio People are jerks. Is your brother okay?  And see, you need to be careful on those things!
i have lost a lot of followers  why people?
@Blackpearl8 i guess i understand where ur  coming from, but how do we know these things happen or what people feel, we dont know 
Jealous of all the cool people going to E3 
Wishes that someone would take my hayfever off me forever  People who don't get it, don't seem to fully appreciate their luck....
We now have people who are famous for being famous. Why dont they put normal people in the house? Always going for the extremes 
gah! old people parties are lame! i hate constant fake smiling 
@SaraMG *hugs* to you both. People with no compassion suck even harder. 
uhg i have no clue how to use Tiwtter...and on tope of that nun of my Canadian people have it 
uhg i have no clue how to use Tiwtter...and on top of that nun of my Canadian people have it 
I want to go to #twtrcon  LOL!  Sounds fun, meeting all those people 
People are showing off their abs. 
@m_callahan http://twitpic.com/611xz - I'm so sorry  I stay away from people who drink so I can avoid having to deal with this.
@mrskutcher I agree, kids should completely off limits!!! People who critique others cruelly only do so to make themselves feel better 
how are people putting progress bars in their lj? i want to do that 
@Suksy LOL! some of these people have the nerves to write such mails! 
@jasleong i think maybe cuz not enough people. 
will definitely miss you bubs  can people please stop going to far-far away land??????
@tomlozethwaite  not kewl how many people aboard?
okayyy being serious! I wanna go l'pool but not gig  just to see people waaaa... anyone ?!?
@andyaz i m so pissed of with this, i know a lot of people affected by it 
@fluffytattie meeee! i have no phone to contact people haha 
@dda Some people are just selfish, nothing u can do about it. It's sad 
@cupcakegee omg poor people  so weird but so possible :/
@FoxBrownFox What's wrong with the mommy people?   ha, ha
Sometimes, I think certain people in comics are trying to undermine me because I have post-traumatic stress disorder and paranoia. Sucks. 
Feels sad for those people on that plane 
mad/jealous that some people can eat whatever they want. f that. its not fair. 
Some people actually think theyre exclusive, they dont even wanna talk to someone outside their group 
@roxiijonas lol yeah,we talked while he sang with the people near us.You're soo lucky your seeing jb 
hum sometimes people are unfair 
sigh... so sad  it's always that the good people die.Those stupid evil people should just be gunned down!
Today I saw a lot of people that I missed ... I wanna go back 
Thinking about that missing airplane! What if those poor people are freezing in the ocean somewhere? 
Nothing fun in the mail  People say they'll send me something, I watch &amp; wait &amp; nothing. *sigh*
awww i cant sleep lame people wake me up 
Needs some new friends  most of the peole I know are not very good peole
@mimi_intheworld I haven't even watched it yet because I'm at work.  I just got excited when I saw it posted so I had to tell people!
Some people can be so ungrateful. I wish someone would say thank you, just once 
i hhave heard from several people that mj is decriminalized here...  in turn i have told people.  that made me a liar.  because its not.  
Why do i let people get me this mad mad enough to hurt them 
@pgerochi it was alright, the people there are all old, sort of, i have no1 to talk to 
@uncyherb LOL.  I don't hate anyone.  I just feel pity for you lesser people.  Your life makes me sad.  
I do not like to make undergo to the people, but I cannot pretend something that is not,,, 
@greyseer Wow a lot of people are getting sick. 
@MissCaseyB People have no manners anymore  just a bunch of jealous jerks out there 
@officialcathee people on youtube are no help 
@darthrazorback Did you actually lose people? that sucks  #chuck #chuckmemondays
@InSeansOpinion I saw it tonight and it's so cute! I cried lots, though. Movies with old people who lose life-long loves make me sad 
@JenJelly85 people on tv.com right now? I hate missing so many posts. 
@Woodyseafm so for people like me who signed up when you were on hols we get excluded   not fair
missing a lot of people right now 
Why do people say naked now?  that sucks.........
that was A LOT of scrolling down to do. why aren't alot of people online when I am? 
@somemaysay no posters either, people were waiting from 10am &amp; there were only 300. 
omg those people in the universal studios tram are so luckyyyyyy!!! 
Finally im done deleting people from twitter... im now following Only 40 People... 
thinks that some people are silly and bring it on themselves 
So many people here have one of this netbooks. They are small but I think for IT-Systems Engineers they are to small and not the right. 
I've gotta study now...They really know how to torture innocent people. 
What is wrong with people! That poor man  http://bit.ly/3EYqKA
@phoeNYkx People are going to say UFO's are responsible. 
Sometimes people are such amazing jerks  So pretentious that it is to be expected, but still hurts my feelings...
my car is a vegetable  im really depressed. And people who chew other people's gum, are grose.
@codelust People related 
The news is always so depressing  I feel for thoes people on that flight.
At work already  i dont wanna be here... I have all wierd people around me...
People always think the worst of me  i give up.
Why do i always fall in love with people i cant ever have or be with 
I wonder if some of the people on here are genuinely nice or if they just want karma points  (via #zenjar )
@hollymadison123 Amen!! To many people do that don't they? 
I think that quite a few people are now ignoring me, so feeling kind of lonely now 
Walkinggg so farrr I don't know how these english people do this everyday!  I miss my lover more than anything 
My head  what happen to people? They're mad without a reason.
@AshleyLTMSYF can you pwease get people to follow me!? i have no one! so embarrasing! 
Why do I have to wear all black in work! It's boiling! People are not answering their phones! And both cars are permanently steaming! 
crying because the animal shelters are full, please people start adopting :'( the poor kittens now are going to freeze 
@kylemaxwell I'm with you there. It's infuriating and so ubiquitous.  The sad thing is that people don't even realise they're doing it.
@holakoozadeh @golriz83 Nothing wrong with fat people. 
@lowrobb not only banned but people who love to say it should be kicked in the nuts 
the heat upsets me  its too bright and smells like fat people.
@ThinkLoJ naw...these folks are grown, older men  sad nonetheless
I hate having crushes on people I know I will never meet 
Wishes more people would follow me so I don't look like such a nub 
@deceptacons aw bb *hugs* i hate it when people cry  
People come on..why do you keep deleting then re-following? I'm sooo tired as it is.. don't do this to me 
Yeeees... I'm following random people. I don't have any friends. But I'm not a bot... 
people keep un-followin me 
is mad all these porno people the only followers 
i want my iphone!  stupid insurance people should've sent it back already!
Note to all bi(or more)lingual people: I hate you. 
@Retrochick_uk ... see some really horrible things people have donated 
i hate my laugh, it makes other people laugh 
@nicolepenney I know the feeling! I've been in an &quot;I hate people&quot; mood all week! 
@dizzyyet i don't even think people who ordered it at the con have gotten emails yet about it 
yet the even are pro gay rights but blame everything on Muslims. People should know from history that scapegoating is a bad thing 
seriously @KateKendall the majority of people say thumbs down to the smiley? well I say that's just 
sor people messaged me again. now i'm upset 
I really should be voting, I feel ashamed now  He will now be here before 1? People have died for less...
Why can't more people seed when I'm downloading csi episodes? 
I tend to do the same thing people do to me too. I can't get how boys can be effortlessly selfish 
woke up early because there are people here cleaning the vents 
I miss chris already  i was crying in the airport bathroom and people kept coming in haha
http://twitpic.com/6j7mq - People I wished id seen, but was too broke 
@beezan You don't have some of the folks who follow me then. 
i just started crying  people are so mean. and now shit's going on with ashley again.
Friend's mom was just diagnosed as terminally ill with lung cancer.    Two more people in this world who do not deserve this. 
There was a steady stream at my polling station mostly old folks surely they wouldn't vote for the fascists ... Are people that stupid? 
ripping out the shark hat...going to have to design one from scratch apparently   why do people publish error-full patterns?
@selenagomez Wow sorry about the hack.  People who hack are jerks!
@iFel I'm sorry.  I pluck hair/rip people's heads when I get pissed.
some people are just so mean to kevin jonas it makes me sad 
People are such bitches behind each other's backs 
I miss seeing every single tweet from all the people I follow. 
@MartianLuther  u r the truth. People can't handle the truth.
@mdelapena i know!! tell that to all the people who give him dirty stares when we're out 
old people are so close-minded...everywhere myfriends and i go theres always one old person to get offended... 
I'm gonna start lying and telling people my major was English so they stop asking me why I'm not a reporter. 
@WhoaOhHana  no worries. People having a mass facebook argument with them anyway 
@selenagomez You shouldnt have to explain urself  Its a private song so people should keep there noses out!
@selenagomez that's just so unfair that people do that  I'm so sorry for the person who did this, that they have nothing better to do
Wow this sucks majorly. I hate waiting around for other people. No more will i do this. 
Sometimes you find people , you think they care about you but in reality they relly don't . state of mind : disappointed 
@VioletsCRUK just no pleasing some people 
Waking up to a house of sick people... it must be winter. 
i loook so bad in a lot of pictures that people took! 
i miss mr henderson :'( he was one of those people who were just born to be true legends 
@CiscoMan yes! but two people just at @amberabbott that is isn't real!  
@timminchinI bet I stayed awake longer... although I had no shooter  only stupid sick people who kept demanding my attention
I'm homesick  .i want to go home.why do i come each yr. i always get depressed when i'm in this situation w/the people i'm with.
@simoncurtis I saw you tonight. People thought I was crazy shouting your name haha darn simon I've been wanting to meet you so bad 
One of the upland high graduates walked and then had a ceizure.... People said she died  sad story!
missing people hurts.. 
@mercurialblonde   I'm sorry to hear that. People can be such fucktards. If it's any consolation my night sucks too
I hate it when people tell you someones past that you didn't wanna hear about... 
why do people go to europe anyway 
@iLeoCastro  I'm sorry. People can be so retarded and just plain cruel sometimes.
@mymemoirs and its so frustrating that same sort of people keep trying to follow me everyday 
People don't sleep enough nowadays 
Seems to just upset people wherever he goes right now 
@JonasAustralia I know..I don't get it. What do people get out of hating? 
Me and my mom went to church today.. The people were staring at me.. some even laughing silently... Why are there such kind of people???  
@willowtree81 thanks, just that certain people being funny with me is all making sense now... 
@ahj Do you really reply to people?  I never get any replies because I am nobody of importance 
I'm hungry but can't decide what to eat  that's so rude, some people in the world have nothing to eat.
@zarinah thats wat i heard but people lie to me 
the doc said must cut down on my lifestyle, I need to do more things that normal humans do. What do normal people do????? 
people, people, people, i'm losing followers! i usually tweet from my phone and my madre takey my phoney away...  just bare with me
Other schools have much prettier people  okaokay bye guyss
@emmaxjonas I though I was one of ur favorite people 
http://bit.ly/o1Fkn people could really do to learn from the animal kingdom. if its good enough for penguins 
Just had a very intricate dream about warring people with superpowers. I wish I could go back to sleep and not get ready for work 
it's so depressing when you see people who're pulling you down... though you're not doing anything against them... 
It's rude when people don't reply back to even a simple hello    haha lol
@kelly_clarkson I'm sorry that people are saying those things about you.  Don't let them get to you, you're not fat!
@quirkygeek after killing some people there is nothing else to do 
I'm sorry of people of the plain that flet down..  
eyargh! all the people i root for in roland garros lost  sitting on the fence for the men's finals.
@kliwaru lol lazy.. but i want people to follow me!!  hah. bored.
@PattinsonRobT I Think it is just how people R made. I'd like to apologize 4 all the idiots out there. They forget U R human 2. 
I'm missing people, feeling lonely, my bff has disappeared! she hasn't phoned me yet! 
@QueenieCyrus aww really?  it sucks i hate it when people do it its frustrating. grrr. well i'm still following you (Y) love you x
@newhat even rusty replies to us little people  x
#jbyoutubesuspended try and get this trending people.. 
aww i have un-followers that hurts my feelings people 
People feel sorry 4 me, ive been rejected 
@caramelapples I hear ya  It is sad. Hopefully people will start contributing again.
@glamourdolleyes aww girl, people just want free things 
So i was talking with a customer and they we're pretty cool. They left. They had a tail. Furrys are taking over cool people now 
@zwinky101 wats wrong? People still ignoring you? 
Introduction is done... off to dinner soon! People are nice but I have no internet. 
@xcaix me too. i hear people screaming and lots of dubstep now 
@AHisme happens to the best people  There are some things that need people to work in sundays.
people make fun of me because I twitter.. how rude. 
i haven't hung out with people for what feels like so long 
Starting to feel like I am never going to get a reply from any of the peope that I try to talk too 
@millionsbyname *hugs* I'm sorry people are being asses. 
@rbmartin its disgusting how people treat the clothes, all over the floor, walking on them, over them with pushchairs 
yall know wat I hate. people who let yu down 
@ButterflyxDream Again, sorry about that. People can be real jerks. 
@JesseMcCartney a loooot of people, and I wasnt there 
I wanna go shopping right now soo bad.. I dont think the lack of money will really stop me but the lack of people to shop with might 
People inthought inknew asbth best people dont have hearts 
i think people should stop lying to get what they want. i want them to tell the truth and stop making me feel horrid about it. 
@alexmyoung Without &quot;little people&quot; living here any more (and no particularly young ones in our family), I must have blasted past NEDI 
@6abc I just don't get how people can be this cruel and heartless to animals.  Really saddens me. 
I made a total ass of myself tonight... it always happens when I try to talk to gorgeous people 
Is at Justins being forced to sing by about 3 people. 
people im boreeeeeeeeeeeed  talk to mee
@sartre0nil Some people's kids... 
I can stand worms, mice, ugly people, smelly people, piss.. even vomit but I can't stand tiny little bugs crawling on me!!!! 
i need more followers! i had 89 &amp; now i just have 84  whats up people?!
People really need to stop leaving my kitty out 
I feel even worse.  I don't feel like I can say anything I want to on here because people will read it and get upset. So I just.. idk.
I can't do this by myself.  people aren't made to keep things in like this.
@deahloids IKR!  People now are more inclined to writing virtual letters. But I think it's still sweeter the old school handwritten way.
scared to follow people who tweet too much 
I've got lots of update status on my twitter. I think I'm gonna stop following some people. sorry, people 
@ms_bianca f'n people are holding out on my tix 
Stories of policemen beating innocent people make me sick to my stomach, like the latest one: http://tinyurl.com/pg9uvd WTF 
does not know how to do @ things to people, lol 
@silkyblackgold you know plenty of people. You're just in costa mesa. 
@JONCity Yes I'm in the city...I wish you buff people can come to me cause I don't like it up there 
@estyypie i am so sorry love! you don't need to be around people like that 
wanted to meet up with people for lunchh butt canttt 
damn all the peoples of the u s of the a is sleeping 
@solonecesito I agree, &quot;people change and promises are broken...&quot; 
whyyyyy do bad things always happen to pretty people  or is it why do bad things happen to good people anyway why do they happen to me
i lost a follower just now...wtf...people hate me 
@YuriMoreland yeah I know... some people I know are graduating in a bad year... bad times for people 
http://twitpic.com/6ty1r - can't wait when will i see these people again 
im heree people 
is missing a lot of people  http://plurk.com/p/z543a
would people be gutted if i didnt get a bouncy castle? 
@Singergirl82 dude, i have to go to my mom's which is all old people 
@EdiReaves he sent it to me too why are people mad? We don't wear those things everyday. 
People can be so bad you ... 
is upset that even though she has so few follows, she has to block most of them as they are just wierd people with lots of adverts. 
Horrible cough  people gave me mean looks @ the movies and church
How do people get little toddlers to cry in movies and music videos? it makes me really sad thinking about it... 
@billkunz I like that ;). I guess they are good for marketing people who don't know how to use email ;) yes I know IT people like that 
some people are being so unfair... whatever 
i have weird people following me again! i just block somebody already, they keep replying me weird things 
@CheekTV I tried deleting the spammy people but they keep sending &amp; I don't wanna block 
I miss peoples. Feeling lonely 
I don't like rude people  I've dealt with too many of them todayyy
@alancfrancis quite some folks, as it happens 
I cant believe i started to cry at work.. Haha lame. People can be big assssholeess. 
@DrRandPink Yes it is so much better. It is hard to communicate to people when they do not communicate back.  
Really, what on earth is wrong with people?! This is just terrible and frightning  http://bit.ly/CMyCD
Really, what on earth is wrong with people?! This is just terrible and frightening  http://bit.ly/CMyCD
@andrewroche They are allowing people to vote freely. We may not like it, and truely abhor it, but it is part of freedom 
I wish bisexual people were more accepted in the queer community. I want to be more active, but I always feel like nobody wants me there. 
@Kazcita People are seeing constant job losses, perceived high immigration etc, it could well be that bad in the uk  #thebnparetwats
Hopes people are ill informed and blissfully ignorent rather than uncompassionate, racist, overly conservative and just bad. 
i have one Q why do people do this they sit at home and bitch about people over the internet and trust me it doesn't feel to great..... 
missin my people 
and sad  why do some people never reply to you on facebook, but you can see they are online. they hate me 
i miss alot of people terribly 
@bigkelleh People with the intention to ban other races and make homosexuality illegal are being voted into government 
How do people sleep when their sig other is gone? No pillow feels quite like @jasonmoliver 
@shanedawson 'Cause people are haters... 
i missed @ replies from people! 
oh the poor people falling 
@Facenaughty sighing along with u  People need to develop thier talent before they get manufactured and mass produced 
Where I am on the geek spectrum is tough. I'm too geeky for normal people and not geeky enough for the real geeks 
@jehan_ara no it is not that, but when people are unnecessarily nice and resort to flattery I do start suspecting them 
@Sisanie thank you. People need to grow up. The parade is going to be scary 
Nursing a bad headache  and I can't believe the audacity of some people.
Why do people make such a big deal about fathers day? People are inconsiderate 
@lacyvalentine nothing really. People with nothing better to do than destroy public property. Now the city smells like burning plastic 
also people even if you're starving please never eat alien creatures, they might curse your family and demand your daughters. 
@madamecupcake no  I can't post stuff on flickr til it's done! People are being douches!
What is it with all these people being in paris. 
can't believe @meemsta got rid of her constellations. hopefully she won't forget/get rid of the little people when she gets famous  
@viettran07 Ugh, so far 12 people are definitely coming. It's going to be more of a small get-together than a party 
people have come to start doing up my garden.... theyre very loud and woke me up 
I feel as if I'm almost getting a cold - no wonder as I've been around enough people who had one recently 
people judging other people are heck of a sh*t!  they aren't perfect anyways!!!
I now despise all capable and organised people. Not really despise, at all, actually, I just fail so miserably at all this stuff 
@lauraannc @jonlim It's so odd, b/c people keep mentioning it's existence to me but I can't find out anything about it. Probably a myth 
@jilliebfree we have a schnauzer/sheltie mix that barks like a wild crazed thing. People dont like him much when we walk him. 
@ravk Sadly not. Just a lot of people admitting themselves to stay out of the rain 
@johnmisczak I get incredibly depressed when I got to WalMarts. All those people 
Currently deleting inactive members. Who knew so many ppl are missing out!! 
@CorrinRenee i know! We've had a tragedy in our county this am that I've been busy dealing with  people are awful sometimes.
@feltbeats so not fair only people can do it in america! 
@tacojohn I've been singing about twitter.  People aren't listening yet 
Oh man, we are already starting to get lines of people for city stickers &amp; it's not even doomsday yet! 
@zenbitch When I shave my 'stache and my beard, people think I'm a bit younger, too. People tell me my 'stache makes me look MUCH older! 
@neilhimself Instead of #followfriday (which is only for fridays  ) you could use #twitterpated for people who are awesome!
Wish more people followed me on this thing 
@stoktrdr 1-2 weeks i hope.    developers man.. crazy people.
@Sqrlmom People chopping down trees always upsets My condo company did a lot of this last summer &amp; the gaps still bother me. 
Wonders how people can just carry on as if nothing has happened. Personally I'm in pieces 
people i miss: john  havent seen him since february
@UndeadDoG I don't know how I'm gonna find sponsors, I don't know any1  ....... I don't like people.
Seeing more people use ow.ly framed links makes me sad  #freethelinks
@justinspratt now i feel worse people are retweeting the geekness i didn't understand 
Is listening to two 7O yr. People talk about sex while working at the soda fountain. 
loads of people are seeing general fiasco - i want to see them too 
@SnapPop I do wish people would pick their actual favorites/least favorites rather than ganging up against other ships though 
@WillowRaine It too bad they think all fans are like that.  Those girls gave lots of people bad names.
what is with msn making me click the wrong people. garrrrr 
Why are mondays so boring people 
no real people have twitters..... it upsets me. only celebrities.  
I got the ball stuck and I had to ask people to get it for me. 
@khaledalhourani But I need people with me, I'm very tiered after all, I'm the one who should run those systems  since I have no one wor..
i need more people to follow, im lonely 
some people have NO shame  makes me sad
some people are just kind off out right now, pity 
A lot is going through my head right now. I just don't understand some people.  guess it's not for me to understand just keep doing me
Reading my old truth box comments. People are mean D: A lot of people hate(d) me. 
That's not cool miz, you don't pick on little people  lol
I wish Free People clothing wasn't so expensive. I luvs it. 
surprisingly i miss palmdale    mayb not the city itself but the people in it
i said i dont believe in choosing between people so yea now im single 
@BrentSpiner Do you often feel misunderstood here? I feel like people don't get &quot;it&quot; and it blows my mind. I thought people were..smarter 
i cant im people on my yahoo!!  this is traumatic!!
At what age do people stop thinking your birthday is not important anymore?  so sad...
a few min(s) ago i saw a clip from yesterday that  policemen bludgeon people  i hate it  i`m sorry 
Some people do not understand that should not get into some some things 
I can hear people moving around upstairs already, looks like my peace will soon be disturbed 
not enough people to raid ulduar tonight 
@jccrisler People suck.  It's no fun being taken for granted. What about you, sweets? Do people suck for you too?
i feel like if i ask for money people will think im like pathetic or something  i dont know
Missing a whole lot of people 
people always seem to forget that im human. not a robot..not a superhero..simply human. 
Thinks it's horrid when people get sick 
@WWEFEVER i know!! hurricane used to be my fav wrestler  i'm guessing he is not a people person
Some People Just Don't Get It  Silly Peeps
@LisaNoelRuocco it sucks that people spread such nasty rumours about you 
Everything about the #iranelection makes me sad  just b/c some bad people ruined everything doesn't mean the innocent people should suffer
Heyyyyy peoples, sat in a it class asusual, how was the site matinence i missed it  lol
currently sulking after seeing peoples download photos 
Needs my mobile taken away from me when im bored, i feel like im just bothering people 
Some people are meant to be spontaneous.  I am not one of them.  Spontaneous from me equals spazz.  
#haveyouever wondered why out of the billion people in the world, you fell in love with that one person that you can never have?! 
@histwinklingeye not uh.. Theres a sheryl..  people thnk there a good couple. When there not
cant believe people are starting to leave already 
@MyTravails Its warm and people are closing the windows 
@MelHesketh I keep trying to remember to wave to people that flash headlights aggressively, but my default setting is to flick 'the bird' 
I feel the best when I'm alone. When there are other people, there's a chance I might get hurt. And I don't wanna get hurt anymore. 
I feel the best when I'm alone. When there are other people around me, there's a chance I might get hurt. I don't wanna get hurt anymore. 
@tomasbreffitt @gtrichey and it's getting a bit annoying, with quite a few days to go in the promo. People tagging randomly now. 
some people are complete and utter B*****s! urgh 
ha i hate mean people too 
@malcolmbastien true, but unfortunately not very many people use them 
@ZacLevi haters!  i think you can block people, but that's only if they are following you.
is trying to get people to visit www.bouncing-vibes.tk and its not working 
I need to move out or I'll starve to death here. People keep throwing my food away to make room in the fridge 
tired !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why people are bad with me in their twitt? 
Why does it have to so expensive to get anywhere by train? No wonder so many people fly.. 
Bad things happen to the sweetest people....feel like crying 
some people think im crazy...  are right 
don't you hate it when people are do hurtful things without even realizing it and then don't know why you are upset!! 
@alexxrulez because good things happen to terrible people 
People don't answer me... this is so... sad 
people are so much smarter than me  I'm so depressed. heh.
Not many people on tonight I must say! 
@TraceCyrus I wish i could believe that. But, to majority of people, looks are everything 
People unfollowed me 
one thing that really annoys me: when people take agesssssss to text back 
Just saw a cat in the road that got run over.  People suck.
@sephirajo People care. People just suck at telling others they care. 
People can be so hurtful sometimes  stupid ex.
dang why do people always hate on @justinmgaston ? 
weird people keep emailing me... 
@hismindkills  what happened? no listen to bad people, you're awesome
my local cvs didn't have the people's special edition with @ddlovato and @selenagomez 
I think i am just destined to wear high waters. They just dont make pants for tall little people 
I'm at the mall in pj's and I keep bumping into people I know  super fail!
One of my biggest pet peeves is when people are late, that drives me insane. 
well i think only 3 people would miss me.... but i know alot of people who would celebrate if i was dead  .. what a cruel world  
I'm upset  I can't find @ddlovato and @selenagomez 's People magazine anywhere 
@shantipriya i just hope he'll be there so people will quit bitchin 
People come and goooo 
@djet we're such sad sad people. 
There is always 2 sides to the story too bad people are not willing to listen like sheeps they follow whatever the one other side says!!  
dont like it when people hate on some of my fav. people just cuz of their looks. makes me mad 
@mr_billiam i'm just glad i found out now- would hate to have dragged myself around infecting people 
it's official guys. @caitlinharnois has ended our friendship. It's sad that it had to end... But hey, people change, i guess 
Oh noes! People outside are having a barbeque right under my open patio door *drool* 
People keep deleting me after I follow them.  that's not nice
What happened to those people in those pictures...got carried away when I should be sleeping. So no yoga for me @StephDAmato, sorry 
I hate it when people are sad and I can't do anything bout it 
@mrs_acm who tried starting drama??  people are stupid 
I think I have reverse tourettes. People keep swearing at me 
@jgcellars These people are #wine perverts 
hates people. whyyyyy? 
@krishva Really annoying old crotchety people, I'm sure.  
i lost a follower  who goes around deleting the people they're following? seriously! that cut me deep.
@jes_cuh fuhk people! I totally understand 
it pisses me off when people try to scam u on craigslist!  i just want an xl2..... 
omg! camille you can't leave as well  2 less people in japanese 
Is trying to think of ideas to get people to use the clans forums more and coming up with nothing 
Is confused about so many things and so many people. I find it hard to read makes me sad 
I need to stop being so nice. People take advantage of me too much..  siiiiigh!
chatting with people on omegle, seriously people on there are rude. i want to actualy chat with someone decent! 
@chris_alexander  i don't see why people who i have never heard of can be there and I can't
@SpiderxBear im never happy. people piss me off and make me 
@nextrevolution  I think people in the West care. I care, but it's very hard to find out about these things. And I don't know how to help 
thank you for following my twitter, people. i'm sorry that i haven't tweet anything since my last one.  i love you people.
i guess people just don't understand how it works and blame on me by things they see 
wondering why so many young people have commitment phobia when it comes to work 
I now realise that when people told me to report and replace my passport I should have listend, now I've missed out on a holiday 
just saw People's hottest bachelors 2009.  Jealous of the young single hollywood girls who have a shot with em 
@lucyjonasss tkns alot for following but unfortunately twitter won't let me follow anymore people  i eally wish i could follow you 
@hamedh i'm glad to hear that about nowbat-e shoma. too bad people can't watch us in iran now 
ya boo sucks to people who tell other people what to do!! 
says goodnight people.  i hope everything will be alright tom. :'-( http://plurk.com/p/11onv2
But I suppose that's really difficult to do. Especially when people you're close to say such hurtful things. 
@STHUDGENS  I'm so sorry for you. I don't know, how people could be so cruel.  'Can't believe that some guys are so.. *peep* ;)
why is it that people who abuse the power to get narcotics fuck it up for people who actually need them  wish there was a vicodin fairy.
I hate when people argue ! I'm not a fan of confrontation 
@jentherose oh NO! I'm so sorry to hear that.  ugh what evil people
feels that people are more against me now rather than with me 
hey dont you feel sometimes like people doesnt notice ONLY you? i mean they notice everybody but not you.. 
@LeeStanfield bad times  People can be rubbish. But LOVEEE! &lt;3
@officialTila I am really mad about all those hate comments. People think they know you and know what your about, they don't. ilu though. 
Why do we feel so lonely sometimes even when we have lots of people around??? 
sorry people im grounded 
@markhoppus true .. It's sad when people have to get that angry 
@mahdinha yeeep! they're like brothers. i don't know, people scare me sometimes... miss you, dude 
walking down 11th. lady had her door open. such filth some people live in 
These people should not be allowed in japan. Why do they get to go and I don't? 
@FredsThoughts I am sure sorry about it. People have no respect or restraint anymore. 
Everyone should like where they work, it makes me sad when I hear that people hate being here. 
128kbps, really?  Sounds more like 96kbps that you transcoded! I hate when people leak albums of poor quality. 
@backyardpoultry and it was even an interesting and informative story for people of any party affiliation  sorry you lost some people!
I wish I didn't try to see the best in some people, just leads to disappointment.   I really need a hug  
huh?!?!? what is it with people and ignoring me? 
@waynetoshikazu People keep asking why I eat out so much...I have no one to cook for 
Now I know why people are mean &amp; biter. People get close to you and bam, they stop talking to you.  I might become one.
frustrated. People to commit but do not join. 
@d4rkspike i give up on xbl, tbh. i face wayyy too many two-faced people out there. 
come on people. are we still writing on our profile pictures? 
I hate that I let people ruin good things  bed
@annejulieart That's awful  I hope you get them to remove the items soon...some people have no shame!
Offskies time  have a nice one peoples.  Toodlepips!! ;)
@Crackerwax People are throwing around terms, democracy, freedom, revolution etc as if they are interchangeable. Depressing 
fails at helping people in relationship advice. 
@padraybear It sucks  i wish i was one of these lucky people who act, sing, dance or party for a living lol !!
@CosmicCharlie97 bad economy, eliminating people, blah blah. I will miss you guys too 
haha, yahoo people made fun of me coz I suck with computers. yahoo's mean 
is kinda annoyed when people don't reply to me on facebook chat. . . . 
hasnt been on twitter in ages! sorry people     been ill  x
I wish I had more inspiration!!! I find it fascinating how people know what they wanna be from a young age... I wish I knew!!!  help....
@blinker i think they'd want to, but it would be just another social situation where it's rude to tell other people they're rude. 
Reminding folks that I need paying 
i think people should tweet me more :L  nobody tweets me  #
@JUDAHontheBEAT yea... I am with you on this one judah... So people!!!!! 
problem solving with people in india.... over the phone 
@turpss Why do people have to be such idiots?! 
Doesn't get it. People are crazy. 
 My avatar is all green....But still click it people!
@polaroidcandy People can be dicks 
i let too many people run over top me 
im afraid people will treat me differently 
So many people to find  and tv is terribad.
@FionaFlame Ah good - didn't want to offend. I seem to have been offending lots of people lately 
@burninggoats woah woah, there's an actual contest!? i just thought people liked to promote them  and, is that an..aerosmith hoodie i see?
i forgot people. damnit 
I hate trevorr wiseman! He's so dumb.  He makes fun of me 24/7 ugh!   I hate when people are mean to me.
people use me. its a shame 
It's bad enough people make fake celebrity accounts, but faking celeb family members is borderline terrifying. 
@OneToBeEnvied i knoo!  people been snatchin me up .. i been missin stuff ..
i want to get the People special of demi and selena 
i'm so sad for rob p!! it's a shame!! celebrities are just people! 
I never seem to be able to stay in some people's good graces no matter what I do 
why is nobody tweeting i need more interesting people to follow 
wonders why she's unable to reply to people's tweets. 
#inaperfectworld Everything would be awesome, and people wouldn't be such mean freaks. 
#inaperfectworld Everything would be awesome, and people wouldn't be such mean freaks. 
People who say pad thai wrong upset me. 
really cant stand it when grown people have temper tantrums 
@mswofford yes!  its not fun! At least we will have 2 less exams than most people
did anyone else find it terribly sad that rock the vote sponsored a dmv concert in a city where people have no vote in congress? 
I probably look like some hobo just sitting here in my driveway. Yay having people stare as they drive by. 
Awww! People think my baby is a BOY 
@mayte08 true  i hate people sometimes...
@KendallMK That makes me sad that people would be mean to their puppy cause it was acting like a puppy 
the one thing in life that bugs me the most - smokers. I can't believe that so many people still do that!!!  It's disgusting!!!
People hated me ever since I was younger. 
People hated me ever since I was younger. 
finally understand confusing crap. ugh. some people just realllly bother me... 
#inaperfectworld life would be a bit simpler..n people won't suffer n people wouldn't grow old 
@changethemusic yikes! That is so scary! And really sad for those people. 
@Mnmissy Turn offs?  People who block without talking.  
That photo I just posted, a graveyard, concrete blocks that people live around, kids play on, people take drugs on. People have sex on. 
@Marciegee funny thing is after I posted that, I got 3 messages telling me how to get more people to follow me 
#FollowFriday people I didn't meet at #140conf  @kir @prsarahevans @hrkovar @seamuscondron @gavinpurcell @savvyauntie
@youwish2009 my computer is to slow to see but i was standing were all those people were, recorded some guy dancing to beat it! i miss it 
@lexus808 it sucks when people don't keep promises. 
is coolllddd and needs more peoples numbers 
@johannaharness Unfotunately, my powers are pretty limited. People just don't believe anymore. 
@acoldsky  People suck.
@swatkatt @Sasukefan163 hello swati chuby cheeks where are you people??!??!?!?!    
This 'seeing people off at the station' thing is really depressing 
oh noooooooooooo  one of my favourite people is leaving 
@Woahitssarah drama?  people should chill. people in both chats got to talk to them, so I'm happy! drama sucks.
@cbn2 I hope so but I'm afraid the people will rest! 
peope are still up? lol. can't sleep 
I wish more famous people would add me  wow thats saaaaaaaad well maybe not fomous maybe just interesting people
@renee_66 i think it crashed...maybe too many people 
@peech____  Now if people protest, they'll not just be protesting election but going against supreme leader and islamic establishment.  
#onr is back up people, still really really slow though  #aceisancient
wishes that people can treat her like a normal person, not a freak. 
@ricapot i expect archie to be at #2  people went really voting
@FuchsiaStiletto yup  full of musty smelling people.
@aiki14 You got all big and famous and on TV and forgot all about the little tall people 
@BellaFerocia was it stuff you said to him or other people? sorry for being nosey 
I wish i could be an actress :/ I'm embarassed that people will think im weird because ill prob be no good at it :/ 
I don't really want to hate, but people are such despicable arseholes it makes Ian 
us open refuses people entry from yesterdays rain out!! WOW! 
@swayswaystacey i always shit stir people about everything and lots of them dont see the humour 
When people move around next door it sounds like people are u[stairs in my house...scary 
@PaigeVanessa :o i heard loadsa people are goin.. 
I've done the postcard thing.  How do I get my people to actually invite people?  I still see a lot left in the pews.  #neumc
bye people 
@jackietyson take pics for the fans please and people who cant travel to uk to see them. 
http://twitpic.com/7tsbt - I love photographing at night. You get funny looks. People think you are a wierdo or pervert ... 
@melissaportlock the only one i know is ruby + she's already following me  was hoping to get a few more people to talk to, just you atm ha
When several people have similar looking profile pics, depending on just that is difficult 
@KristenJStewart good good, i bet he gets pretty irritated when people attck him, poor rob 
Is wishing some thing's &amp; people didn't ever change 
@fia_PWNS But then you can't respond to people who aren't following you 
@christineyu i hope everything works out.  dumb people suck.
People confused me 
I'd become a stalker if people were more interesting.  But most are awfully dull 
It grosses me out when people have filthy tongues, especially when they have tongue rings 
Doesn't like when people leave without saying goodbye. 
#dontyouhate when people just wont listen 
#dontyouhate when your following more people than are following you! ew i feel like a loser 
does it alert people when you favorite their tweets because I ALWAYS accidentally favorite things then have to un-favorite it 
but they should have stay longer... nooo partying people  dont like ...@princess_hel
so many famous people in toronto for the mmva's. but not me 
@tiffatienza09 Ah!  well then we definently have to do something else! we can get the people from math! and you know who i mean
@iLuPJA Aww  A bunch of people talking all at once pretty much! :|
Tired of being blown off by people...grr I have better things to do anyway 
AT&amp;T people? Are your txts working???mine are not. 
ugh dumb people are to busy to hire a lovely girl like me. 
lolz i update too much so i never know what are people replying to  i suck
wsh the people from the ren fair would send my ring 
@badbingirl and people over here has the nerve to complain about the little things that we go through. I am so sorry. 
@shaunshaun182 yup. I saw some people 
I should protect updates... I don't like anyone seeing them but then people *I* don't follow who I don't care follow won't be able to see 
People can be jerks.. 
what are people doin   im bored !!! lol
so glad to see so amny people are finding me on twitter, hehe. too bad a few of them are bots  hooray for real people!
@raideraid and some people are really freaked tht i havent got myself one 
@alannastar haha I'm one of those people  I have a 09 lancer the smoke would destroy the interior 
every followfriday that people follow me, i make like no tweets... sorry guys! 
@piginthepoke that is a real bummer - i think quite a few people might be effected as I had the quiz from some others 
looking for adventurous friends... so many things to do in msia but lacking people 
@somesheep it was bad from both sides, as far as I remember. made many people there get disenchanted with democratic ideals 
@NeilYamamoto People play very hurtful games... 
I'm starting to be pessimist, there is a ton of people got the same or even higher score than me 
Feeling sorry for the big, cute moth that can't understand how to get out of my window. People can't touch moths, wings disintegrate 
People are fucked up 
People who hate animals are just beginning to hate everything else in the world. 
At Kolets trying to cheer her up. People not being nice and making her really upset for telling the truth. 
wanted to see the killers at royal albert hall in july but they sold out and people are selling them for too much 
You @VIbeauty gave the island people a shout out but didn't include me 
sry twittererers i know i tweet too much. people probably got angry at me and was like 'no bitch i aint following you' 
@Rapagena unfortunetly i dont. i really dont get some people anymore. they always turn into the person they promised they wouldnt 
I hate that people find it fit to take over my bedroom and let the disgusting neighbor kid sleep in my bed when i'm 2 states away. 
@jennijenjenjen seriously? I would have loooved 2 go! I already promised some folks id go out w/ them 
Why is there such a sense of entitlement in our community? People want everything for cheap or free but expect the highest quality.  2me.
i miss a lot of people 
@#IranElection so sad people are dying  http://bit.ly/11ehfT
2 months apart from my girlfriend!  in all seriousness, what am I going to do? Suggestions please people
Some people are power hungry. And i have no roommate 
horrified and angry with the brutality going on in iran - innocent people are being killed for speaking their minds  #iranelection
@sherinn Always the liverpool people 
@ellehwho the 2009 one.. it sucks  but i want to see people get killed and it was first on the list *psycho*
@bobtheostrich  Yes you ARE!!  You should know better!!!    It is hard enough!!    I cant control what people say and you know that!
I really need to work on my ads....the only &quot;customers&quot; I get are scammers and people trying to sell me something. 
im slowly losing subscribers on my channel why could that be? maybe ill have to do a giveaway so people will remeber how cool i am 
I know stuff that I wish I didn't know. People really do disappoint you a lot sometimes. 
Sometimes the People are strange 
The universe is against me I cannot got that damn People issue to save my life!  I want my Chace!!!
Please follow me people!! I need more followers! 
listening to old people talk about polotics  fun stuff lol
srsly... i hate when people don't know how to take a hint. 
@AshleySmiles12 oh gotcha! well yeah it sucks whm people leave 
i actually feel sick. sorry to all the people who took tonight seriously. sorry to people i've upset/hurt etc. i love you all 
@tommcfly  great,, ignore people who loves you !!! 
drunk people walking past my window shouting and singing loudly, not good when im trying to sleep  x
@midnightfeline haha yay  i tried to get people on this but they're sticking with facebook 
I love &quot;Kings.&quot; It is the best!!  Why did it get cancelled? People are dumb.
@daverosin Awww, poor guys!  this really sucks. I hope they will find it and that everything will be okay. People are so stupid sometimes.
@serpentvenom If you use http://anyvite.com you can disable the maybe reply. We used to default to it disabled, but people didn't like it 
@aestasbeyond Actually my stalker is from that group of people too come to think of it...the only guy I really liked killed himself 
had lots of people start following my tweets while I was away... now they're gone... strange. I'll never get to know them 
@jammyrabbins yeah people that have their dads are sure happy 
:O some people truthboxed me some really mean stuff! sadface 
@Tiffizhere I agree with your &quot;arguing with stupid people&quot; tweet.  Some people just don't get it.  
wow i'm talking to people who have never been to sonic! haha what thats crazy?! how have you not ever been to sonic 
Is bothered by the fact to so many people call phishers and scammers hackers and that nobody knows what hacking really is anymore. 
went out last nite and had her drink spiked  people need to grow up
hey people direct mess. me plz 
@AlexAllTimeLow deff..there was so many people I couldnt even talk on there 
Going to sleep now, I wanna sing in front of millions of people right now...ain't gunna happen 
oh. i miss u crazy people already 
I miss a lot of people. 
people're playing brawl, but there's no nunchuk. btreksmxcnthureis 
basically web surfing @ 2:03, i should be sleeping but i cant cause theres loud people outside 
 sounds like dancing is fun! I wanted to go. People are mean for not inviting!
i think i push people away to much because im scared that something good might happen for once. hopefully it works out. im sorry 
Just found out that there have been cases of dolphins raping people... thats horrible 
Hanging out with sick people wasn't a very good idea  but whtvers. Yay for tylenols.
#iranelection Someone should airdrop guns into Iranian cities so protesters could protect themselves. 
gets sad when people lie to him 
http://www.blogtv.com/people/jonnypotter Blubbing on blogtv because my dummy broke 
@BreakingNews Hey u r continuously misguiding people 
Some people just suck at being good people.  eff you my so called friend, eff u!
@andyclemmensen people are being fakes and being you in http://www.bluepiedata.com/thehitlist/chat/index.php 
maybe i should shut up... when i have a quite day, or 2, i get more followers lol. hellooo new people!! guess what. im tiiiired!! 
@nick_coates For people to be nice to me? 
I 'hate' waiting in queues!!! Never enough people on the tills! 
@pocketedward those people are idiots 
I really need this thing out of my head. People keep clicking at me 
@KaiBass People are not being very supportive of the new me. You still love me though, right? 
@danalajeunesse that sucks people are stupid. 3 hours ? wow I didn't sleep at all and now i'm feeling so tired 
Common people stop the boundries..  #PakCricket
has been coming across people and things that instantly remind me of him everyday. not fair 
@uriel1998 the npr contest is only open to people in the u.s. 
In indiana. Theres something about this place that i like. People are so nice but the accsents...the only downside to this place. 
and now I go off to selling people lotion and soap 
108 of the people I follow don't follow me back  Sucks being unimportant.
People make me sad 
@shavonjames I know ....he was actually following me lol to and he only followin like 60 people and I was one of them &lt;tear&gt; 
just seen people slaggin me off on bebo 
fml. i have to come off here again. everytime good people are on i have togoooo 
@realitydistortd  I noticed I unfollowed a lot of people by accident? Now I'm trying to figure who I need to follow agian
hate when people lie to me 
Thinks it's stupid when people think he is stupid 
okay seriously twitter, I've told you who I want blocked, so block them!  I don't even know them, they're companies and spokes people! ick
@divinebubbles lol ya sorry I hate saying that to people but sometimes people are; I have been there too being told that  ;/
@cameronmstewart shows people you care, but can't do anything about it? i already know this is true of myself. 
@notanimp I'm sorry people are so fucking mind-bogglingly shitty 
At the park. People are doing yoga. Obvi i need practice 
that there are people who come just to hurt your feelings ...... 
@JessObsess LOL. People are having a go at me, y'know... panic fans 
My prayers to the people in todays metro crash 
@nickybelly my bad my bad lol, I follow too many folks 
@AriaaJaeger oh bebeh I don't show it Search People  I have been showing in search results since @delbius cleared it, not People Search
arghh some people annoy me !.. I miss kippy jay junior  
is a leetle tired of taking people to airports/subway stations so they can leave me. 
why won't twitter let me block people  migraines are the worst. anyone fancy going to work for me? no? didn't think so
Apparently I make people nervous. blah! 
Sometimes... i just feel like a ghost, i honistly don't think anyone know's i'm alive, i think people just walk right through me... 
People confuse me 
Why won't the porn people stop following me? 
people are busy of wanting to see transformers,ive been counting days to see my gf 
has to wait for the comcast people 
@PinkBerryGirl people still eat those things 
pregnant ladies are the last people you wanna try to act funny with 
i feel sad that the romanian families in belfast are leaving 
This is the first time in ages that I am following more people than people following me I don't feel famous anymore 
wow im pretty bored.... just sitting around texting people 
My friends moved away the last of the sane people i knew living out here. 
wonders why we let certain people in our lives hurt us.  why do we give them that power?    http://plurk.com/p/13cq5a
man i miss a lot of people 
@drunkenmonkey87 ha ha.. It always fixes itself when you publicly ask people if it's down 
there was a live folk singer in the bus and i did folk type dancing that people laughed at 
You were there when the rain fell down, and when people laughed at me, just like a clown on the street...  
going to shower. cuz you people are boring me 
@theawfultruth ted, please explain that People article so i don't have to be sad 
@KidFury I was just logging into the old account and checking there. People still follow the old page 
Cleaning other people's messes... again  
@andrea150695 don't feel bad  i only said people follow lizzischerf cos she was one of the first people to speak 2 me properly on twitter
@AthenaATL i know im insane. many people have told me that and im not meaaaaaaaaaan 
@ginnary Thanks so much boo!  You're think you're over certain things (or people) but you realize you're really not 
sorry people, i just feel bad about going out to meet.  what if i'm a carrier passing it to yall.. 
@stormywaters wow there r other people in oklahoma too 
@M_E_L_ yes i do think its rude and sometimes it hurts people's feelings 
@HydroChic well there are some sick people in this world unfortunately 
I hate some people so much that just seeing their name written down can ruin my mood. I should talk to somebody about it. 
The last tweet of my 20's  I am starting to get why people freak out!
Oh how I miss those days... Would do anything to have them back. Unfortunately people change!!! 
People fatigue.  meeting too many. mailing even more.
@nmelin that's bs! I hate when people are theives 
@ss25 girl several people but mainly 2 people in my life... 
still disappointed.... some people never change   what a shame  
@NeverEnoughShoe I know. He was one of the people who inspired me to become a music journo. One of the good guys is gone. 
I have been doing a survey on classical music and to my suprise not many people like it 
Reading some fanfiction. It's what lonely people do. 
A guy on a walkie talkie just swore at me...  People are such meanies...
Hey im back still on the myspace and bored almost done just waiting for one of the people i kare about to respond back 
why wont it let me follow people it says following but then dosent 
@cybette @nondual people laugh at me when i tell them i want to be a male model and/or stripper; it makes me sad 
@urchincreature sorry, I googled, that's so sad and so many people with similar childhoods 
goodmorning to all! i miss my cali people! 
@L0Lcakes people are now saying the GOMtv notice was a fake  T_T.
I hate it when people yell  some things are just so unnecessary
People who can't remember their passwords shouldn't try to tweet 
@OSOJUIICY shut up lol i went before it poppin and its a varity of people lol but im not 21 yet so u know i cant go in yet 
@warrenellis I don't seem to be able to make people unfollow me, I block them but they still follow me 
getting really sick of nelena fans. i have no problem against them but when they start bashing people who don't deserve it... 
im sick of people that you think you can trust but it ends up you cant 
WHAT HAS HAPPENED ?!? i can't draw people anymore ! i can't start :S ah no ! i've not done them in ages , maybe thats why 
@LoriGama that's most excellent  lotsa people loving you hehe *Winks*
@hiphopnonstoptv  That's a lot of people for sure!
@DanniAsheOnline I think that would work nicely gurl! go for it! I believe many, many people would sign up! 
I like making friends with people who are building very cools things. One such person is @nathanchase who built http://flickchart.com 
going to be  bye bye people!
There are people we don't like it? They must be very strange people...  re: http://ff.im/1XTfX
@mensdomain People who actually live here! aha but i love it here 
@FunKnjaZZy I understand. You know how it goes: different people, different taste! 
Right people - everyone follow @Artytypes - she's a nice lady 
Yet another 8 am...thankfully not doing anything but watching other people speak 
@mint69 yo mate it is working! like a charm, be prepared to tweet my feed! some interesting people to follow too if you can find them 
@RapierTwit People say they feel expressionistic - I've never heard them say pointalistic 
likes seeing celebrities act like normal people 
@bluewavemedia I am good! I de-twittered myself this weekend too. I feel out of touch ha. Trying to catch up with some people 
@mrsexsmith ... partly because people never leave me voicemail now, cos I used to leave it weeks before checking... 
Its so awesome to see what people are really doing out there! 
So glad I work with such amazing people. Don't know what I would do without my rcsd family 
writing is a great getaway from people and things...you should try it...you never know what you might come up with 
@kartar   it's not like I have a lot to do, many people rushing around making me beautiful...
@atoutlemonde_ Except for these strange people who follow us. 
so I'm following 19 people and only have 1 follower...haha im a tool 
@Jisforjanet i know i hope more people come on! i've been on since september 
is gonna hang out with my two favorite people now.  http://plurk.com/p/ovm1q
@chadnilsson pointing and laughing at all the people working up a sweat 
@chanellauren those are some of the coolest people i have ever had the pleasure of knowing 
know how when you smile at other people they tend to smile back? so try smiling at yourself 
@blindmr01 looks like lots of people want to know what you are doing haha  aren't we miss popularity  LOL
i officially have more followers than people im following  they're random people who probably add everyone but meh, they love me really.
I hope that more people apart from my followers read this. I have one reason 
@JoLoPe definitely.  Some people have seemed good from an initial glance at their feed, but reality has shown otherwise 
@lartist Thanks!! Clearly I've been comparing notes with the wrong crowd of people up until now. 
@AlexAllTimeLow i love how you guys went out of your way to make your initially bummed out fans happy. you guys are great people. 
@TehGrumpyDude I guess some people don't really get your sarcasm 
@mangomangomango It does doesn't it?  Fact. everytime I post links, abt 15 people looks at the photos.
@mzishi lol its too late now dont speak to the new people now we dont like u anymore lol 
is expecting at least 200 people to support the cause before I wake  http://tinyurl.com/d9ksbs
finding cool people to follow!!! hehe 
when i go to sleep tonight, i think i will dream sweet dreams of killing some people 
casting call backs--saw some great people.Hopefully, another star is in 
@henke I think it's more about reach than fanbase. People are watching the global timeline too. 
@hyundaiman no,no,no things to see people to do 
@qwerty93 yepp got bored and started adding people 
People try &amp;pretend like I'm not there. I'm not going away 
C'mon People!!! The tenth person to follow me will get a sub from me and 3 of my friends 
@sassyword That's a quote that I wish people would live by! 
@IchigoNoiZ hehe  i haven't seen any french people in stuttgart since i live there 
@aplusk must say that I love you!!! and I don't say that to many people 
@IAmJMAck and I would be nothing without people like u..pay it forward 
@OfficialKat People love you 
@CJtheWriter me too, now we are going to get more excersise people following us lol 
Today will be difficult.  We have to help young people to survive in their business.  Also this is innovation and creativity. #fingers + 
godnight  peoples stay cool 
@Aly3s0n5 haha I actually just hate relationships because they turn people into raving mongrels, and i don't want that to happen to me... 
@aplusk loving how u always reply to people  very intresting
@johncmayer People who tell you you smoke pot just don't have an imagination. Thanks for keeping mine alive 
@perezhilton people really should be able to make their own choices 
@xsunshiine *lol*  A lot of people tell me that.  
@dtassinari the thing is: people who needed to be informed have already be informed officially, so I'm just summarizing 
@leisa you and I are suck like-fucking-minded people 
@avrilchan nah, trust me, people will want you. Most men love a little cushion when they hug you 
yes both wasps and the people on trisha are scary 
@inf0rmer it was you, and all the other people tweeting/blogging/scrobbling/vlogging/snogging/jogging about it that made me see the light 
bored n talkin 2 people 
@MichelleWegner @ReneeCrabtree I just follow the people who talk to me  Is that backwards? 
@kristalm I have been smiling all morning, I think it's freaking a lot of people out. 
Ah, stupid people: http://digg.com/d1p7T8 
@libby15: How can two people follow each other? 
@huangyu2010 you can say : who doesn't want to work with smart people 
Loves making people feel better 
@MasterAwesome LOL some people  are into that *shrugs* 
@ninjen ah - looking out for dodgy people? I'd do the same! 
@trinaunz I like to confuse people   I also added myself to wefollow (as a dad)
add me on myspace people 
knows she'll never contract the H1N1 virus because she already avoids people like the plague. Muahahahaha 
feels great knowing that SOME of my coworkers are awesome people always trying to help me out. 
http://tinyurl.com/cceu2y I laugh at people who laughed at me about the #swineflu #zonbies. Bwahaha 
@Woywegian - I look for unreal people keeping it real! he he 
@Mrspleasurep nothing really just pissin drunk people off 
@MrsOneill mmm too many people there and i'm afraid the water still cold. for me! 
@s4sukhdeep i get the same reaction for sufi poetry. people want me to call it 'kalam' specifically 
so bored people.talk yes 
sunsunsunsunsun  goign to phoenix park in rucorn with the amazing people 
@shaundiviney people who wear their caps backwards are RETARDS ! 
@23graeme23 technically, neither marketing or self-guidance have anything to do with trying harder! And I don't follow back people either 
http://twitpic.com/4e9hq - people at the audition again!  x
@unitechy I know  And its so much easier to eat everything with chopsticks. Those chinese people r00l!
it seems @cherub_rock123 is projecting headaches to other people. You have been warned. 
@cakemakingspy IT DOESN'T EXIST. haha that's a lie but seriously i think more people are recovering from it than dying from it. 
@alansheppard People like to tell me their secrets 
here trying to now nw people add me!  meilay_3021@hotmail.com 
loves meeting new people !    its the greatest ! ?
i am now looking for all the awesome people on twitterr. 
Heading over to @mayandal fale  love these people
@LadyLucius HAHA, aww, surely some of these people you're friends with? http://tinyurl.com/cqtjdk 
happy #hoppusday people 
i love loove loooove encouraging people 
At the ubuntu party... Lots of people attended 
Morning peoples, well afternoon now...  x
@ArieleMoonfire We should have approx 200 people - everyone is lovely &amp; very friendly. All about mtg new ppl 
http://twitpic.com/4h579 - This warms my heart. People are still spending 
@animallife Thanks  I wish there were more people like you in the world. People who appreciate animals as much as we do. 
people are dumb. my new bff is amazing though. 
@Itxi_Itx actually I think it's kind of like mumbling to yourself in the supermarket! lots of people  trying hard to ignore you 
More people are joining twitter. What.. a relief. haha 
@jabberjim i hear ya! people are....interesting... 
writers get writers block. ... what do graphics people get ... ? 
I just woke up to some pretty amazing people, things don't get much better then this 
@danlopez2012 You either get it or you don't  So glad there are people like you that are in my flock.
i Dont sign on everday ... so bear with me people 
@DavidArchie awwww, that's too bad! i'm sure the other people in the interview appreciate it, though! 
@lisajohnson no it's just luck. People find you much younger and hotter thus more attractive then me  you will lcatch up soon
good morning people! feeling good &amp; raring to go......welcome to my new followers looking forward to a meaning full dialog 
A planet full of people and the first one they run into is the one they're looking for.....TV  
People follow @Suzyqbee10 
@kikkopikko It's just like elsewhere people wearing shirts with Asian characters without knowing what they say... just as silly 
People keep telling me im pretty! 
Why can't chinese people have white babies?   ..cause two wongs don't make a white..   i'm sleepy.
does it make you mad when other people want to take me out? sorry, can't help that i'm pretty!! 
@oldmoviebuff We have so much more now! People should really remember to take a look...especially in times of low cash flow! 
getting people to add me on myspace or stickam 
@bandit_zero naw i dont smoke. i just connect with people ya know 
@paulcarr I just laughed out loud on the bus reading your statement of ethics. People moved away. He he he. 
@mcevoy1rachael yupp t's better than people being rude to her  x
@crazy_people sure is 
@nsingman i got followed by one that says she doesn't talk to &quot;god people&quot;-i wonder if she talks to &quot;goddess people?&quot; 
Killing people  no not realy O.o just bored although it does sound like fun
Sometimes people never learn to shut up and stop talking shit 
@Sputty11 &quot;there are people and then there are pencils&quot; some are sharp, some are not and some can be sharpened  my pencil philosophy.....
bye for now people . 
@jocope well, I was under the impression most people have the urge to buy new sofas  To be fair, we're not tiling, we have a man for that
@jerzicua I didn't say I met *all* the awesomest people, just a bunch of them. 
@ShannonElizab dont ya know? people love the human society 
Teaching people the beauty of twitter 
@techstartups people still mail things?  
evryone come here http://www.blogtv.com/People/GinaNicole2 were spamming so much and blogtv is glitching and it might work 
new location for spam off! http://www.blogtv.com/People/xbecksx 
Morning People!  Just woke up now!
simple greetings from unexpected people can actually lighten our mood, doesn't it ever happen to you? 
just as i finish checking all my emails, i get 5 more. because like 5 more people are following me on twitter. hi people following me! 
ps liam we're going to look like tools on the train to the city  hopefully we can scare some old people 
Man i hate church. Has to be done though. I like the way it makes other people feel good 
Thanks for all the nice words  on the 10k- you're all very lovely people 
is #Twittentionwhoreing: adding random people on twitter 
@toni67 certainly  i think that's why people folow me, so they feel better about themselves!
wish I could teach them irc. I could kick people from the room 
@EmsyD it's 1 of those movie ideas that looks good on paper but was put together really badly,could have been great with right people 
@dreamygiraffe it's terrible what chocolate does to people! my dad and i are too similar so that doesn't help! 
Being happy with all the people I love 
@sarahbellafina Yes please.   Why are people so rubbish? x
i'll go to sleep  bye, people
is going off the grid, goodnight people! 
have you ever seen two people that are so perfect together , but you want one of them? what are you supposed to do? i'll leave em alone 
@natobasso thanks for linking to my blogpost &quot;hurting people hurt people&quot; 
@balloonpup You must be following some pretty quiet folks. 
@romano8 if people just did what they asked, they wouldn't be people. they'd be robots  .. just kidding. love you
good nite people 
'cause people got me, got me questioning. Where is the love? 
is headed to the bed....goodnight people! 
@decart : you are amazing! you are always promoting other people and making them feel special. you're my #ideacamper favorite 
@peanutbutterboy Woot! I inspire people and I never knew 
@edwardarch I wish lots of people feel the same 
i following people i dont know either but they are people with same interest as me, like the sp fans i following 
http://new.typographica.org/ for you typo hungry people like me 
realized that people are mean and bitchy because their lives are so miserable....and sad.. hahaha! 
@edu Swedish people are strange 
People who wear heels to college really puzzle me 
What was I saying people should do?!!  http://bit.ly/12OHK3
@PinkM @yeap, and yes we were and still are good people aheim 
Getting myself into twitter while I'm bored at work.  Probably not many people will see this, but it's fun!  
so people are following me...nice to know  
@wisebread Silver lining=People are more friendly to people commuting by bike.  I used to get honked at...now people smile and let me go 
you don't know?? it's kind of cool but kind of crazy!!  you basically know what people are doing 24/7! 
@LauRenxExCarter people that think alot are usually always creative...especially in the bedroom 
I don't ever to get to say something like this but I feel honoured that I'm one of only five people that the @parlotones is following.... 
@SwimStud8 *some* people fuck fatties. Fatties need love too. 
@waynemcevilly Just entertaining the masses 
As usual I repell guys, but I had fun dancing with myself  good night beautiful people
@mooklepticon People say my outlook is bleak if I always expect the worst. I say I'm prepared, &amp; I like being wrong/pleasantly surprised. 
http://twitpic.com/5cjg6 - For all the people who thought he wasn't gonna be here!  the man himself, DRIZZY!!!!!
@lancearmstrong why do you say french people don't like you ? I am french and i am a big fan of yourself ! 
@ThaLegacy heard there was a lot of people at the making of your video  can't wait to see it!!'
finding more celebs to follow (: follow me people 
We are working, folks 
@samuraicoder judging by the barcamp, I think the vast majority of the people are waiting for the new iphone 
@kevin_gillin - @earlthibert is one of my favorite people!!  
lady gaga  is now 1 people  
@meganjay100 loll, i only like just found out how to wrtie to other people lol how cool am ii 
@theladywrites Yes she is! I've met a bunch of really great people here 
Hey people it's sunday and you know what you should do? (tell people to follow me 
bye people 
@shaunmichaelb you should bake her a cake. old people like this   haha
well people catch you in about 20 mins going tanning 
there are some strange people following me. weird. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - HAHAH you guys are so lucky  I bet the people on the plane with you were like what the heck ...
and thank u 2 everyone that check it out http://twitpic.com/5dbon  im so proud of people like @flowerpowerzz @DemiLSupporter n the others!
Dontes was fun fun fun!!  my tattoo hurts even worse bc people... Drunk! People kept touching it!!!
@StuckInLaLaLand I know! i love how there flying with other people,I thought they would be flying on a private jet. ;p There good guys 
people are trickling in. good stuff 
i uploaded pics of slash people wanted  sorry there was so many!
@Eyglo wow! i really dont get it how people read books when they are sleepy. 
http://www.makeyourworldgor... please vote for me. and can you tell other people to vote for me as well 
@JackAllTimeLow gah! my two fav people in the world ! 
Now needs to go and put a fire under some people's butts! 
well.. night folks.. @cadistra /hugz as always..  
@sarah_jean you had to evacuate the hotel? lameness. people didn't even complain at my hotel. we're hardcore. 
@louveyret Did you know only 16 people died while it was being constructed? And only 6 from falls! I'm full of bridge-related stats 
sup people? 
@adevenish yes, that should stop  people following me 
@andyorsow No i never have.  People apparently like zombie related posts.
note to self: not all people are argumentative loudmouths like @tserivdd and me. so learn to argue and debate in moderation. 
@aldy so do most people 
@SpicyGuy spicy people tag ? i like it 
it's been so bz after coming back from reservist, what's going on folks! 
@KevinRuddPM i hope you didn't just call the people of victoria 'locos' 
@piercedbrat happy bday for tomoz, all the best people are born in may 
@petespencer Not as they think they are!! They are big here but alot of people don't like their arrogance 
is getting excited that I FINALLY get to see it.. (some people r good at making things happen &amp; it's v refreshing!!) 
@Artmaker you are both young, dark haired, talented, art lovers who care about people 
@Maximilus lol yes. It seemed appropriate. People mention when they suit as opposed to the former 
@curiousmike I've recommended them to a ton of people. Never again. Looks like @tomraftery was right 
@MmmBaileys Don't change for other people - you're just fine as you are. Those that mind don't matter, those that matter don't mind...  x
@aplusk maybe people truly needs less sleep but what with the brain 
I love the fact that people sent me happy birthday via twitter 
I love the fact that people sent me happy birthday via twitter 
lollerx. . . .    i'm following lots of people now. . . . http://mytweetfollowers.com/
says i love sharing things to other people.  http://plurk.com/p/ujtca
@ddlovato people change and prmises are broken. --jonas brothers. 
@mysterymike35 neat  It's just nice to see that people are standing up for what they believe in and not being PC.
@Gemstars excellent, great to hear it - connecting with people is what really makes the world go around 
@jamesgotfredson I'm somewhat amused, and not surprised at all that you of all people would be twittering from his commencement! CONGRATS 
@ddlovato you're one of the most amazing people.  it's nice to see sane celebrities. you and selena are my favorites.  
@wondroushippo i know, that's what's so great about it.  then again, i generally enjoy seeing people make assholes of themselves.  
talking to people, myspace-ing and twittering, eating dumplings now too 
@PeteyMK im loving it  i dont see why people shouldnt. its great. 
Is going in but is happy she will be back to say bye to people 
Actually...it was more...pathetic...then annoyance... haha...now to get ready to go...laters people!!! 
@PrimaBallerinaX thankyou so much!  haha, no i just rocked up and started taking photos, people looked at me like i was a freak 
@PerfectSmileNow @EMarketingGuru @fashion_retweet @frankannie #followfriday for these wonderful people 
@bradiewebbstack yes, it does mean people are talking about you  and people love you lots 
@craftymaddie @RozD @tracey1972 @fridayluv @brexians #followfriday for the great people 
 @vsr in our society, we eat socially with friends... is there a society where people shit socially ? #bad.. http://tr.im/m57n
hello people 
i think i'm gonna watch it again now. hahahaha  later people!
@simonbelak one of those people who watches german p0rn for the dialogue? 
Morning peoples  
@AELJohnson I'm definitely stealing that joke about sorting people into 2 kinds of people.. thanks mate 
brb people. 
@combustiblesong  but im so use to being short!! i hate walking next to people who are way shorter than me XD its not normal
anyone suggest any more interesting / funny people to follow? 
@joefiorini sounds like u have to meet some more smart people 
@k8dt You're welcome!! It's very true..I always put a reason why people should follow!! I think everyone should do that 
hello people 
@bradiewebbstack lots of people would talk about you bradie  nice things hahaha
@pembteaco I like tight fit, but you'll need to ask some other people too 
#followfriday  @toocanx @discuit @soapmedia @fantomsurfer @kerboo @bfg9000 - all great people or things 
Joining this thing to spy on people.  
#followfriday @GoddessLeonie , @starshyne , @MedGarden420 , @VeganDrus , @420thoughts , @knotby9 all groovy people 
If I ever said I love you, to any of you, just know i really mean it. I got nothing but love for those people. 
Wondering who is on here apart from the obvious.  THey tried to get me to follow a heap of people I don't know.  
@hb_people thx! bin aufs row-people interview 
@abba_ks You can't seperate the two of you! People would only get half the fun! 
I am glad to see Official institution's best people on twitter 
People change but sometimes change makes us a better person. 
@paggeeey and @rixx03 sorry people.  peace.. 
I only #ff my faves and people I have tweeted with! check them out! 
@ggw_bach actually I find some real interesting people to follow. That is how i found you. 
At the temple with awesome people 
@terrcin dunno that would be that hard for a lot of people, judging from what I see around me! 
@crusaderz4life Yes, I am pretty out going and sarcastic.  I think people lighten up faster when you are 
its funny how people reply to celebs even though they could care less, but its fun 
loved seeing char and meeting her fam they all seem like amazing people just like her 
@thedilettante thanks! Lots of people are talking about it 
Just got 50 bucks from the neighbor for graduation  they are the sweetest people ever!
@yfrancis Just be sure to release FlowChat before WWDC. People will be grateful. 
@rt_stlouis keep up the great work &amp; making people's lives better - outstanding organisation 
But of course. I have better things to do. People to see. And trips to plan 
@phunybuny thats awesome  least you knew some people there!
@BeadBeautyTwits Do it! There are lots of great people out there willing to do giveaways!  You just have to look. I'd do one for you!
searching awesome people that i can follow 
@terrynwilliams oh I teach people LOTS of thing  it's a way of recommending other people 
@Violetlilly The pathetic thing is that I'm only recommending myself to the people who already follow me. 
*is excited people are posting in the comm* 
@derek_burress haha... I'm probably going to do all of the people you're following... since there are only 5 of us 
@liubinskas cause 50 people would troll accounts for the hell of it 
@sirreigns lol at lucky if I follow u back...if u talk 2 me, ill follow...I love meting new people, spreading smiles 
Thanks for the #followfridays people 
@markhoppus give it to the first 20 people who write hoppus on their butts and send you the twitpic link 
london agan  .... maybe we should move places not people
It's annoying when people show off their fame 'n fortune to the world. WHATEVERS! I'm 'bout to relax the night away w/ my peoples 
@djai for red bull the only people that i know of that have djs before noon at their events 
@lelandgrant i wrote a review about the concert at mitchmusso.com.  i've repeated that a lot but i want people to read it. u impressed me 
i think it's obvious that the uk fans are the best people in the whole world. who agrees?  @tommcfly @dougiemcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry
@ahblessgirl it's nice that people are reading them as I hoped... ie  as I meant them to be read... if that makes sense! 
@jokay Like some people, all looks but no substance.. 
we're nothing without 9.  ssf is jjang as much as snsd is jjang~! weeee~! i'm surrounded with great people )
@kimidreams just remember us little people when you're rich and famous 
