Most common words for this cluster:
[('people', 1391), ('lol', 73), ('lot', 67), ('thing', 62), ('u', 59), ('time', 56), ('others', 52), ('yeah', 49), ('quot', 48), ('im', 47), ('today', 47), ('day', 45)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'people', 0.7578133344650269), (u'Chiddy_Bang_maybe', 0.7080751657485962), (u'Johnnie_Baston_die', 0.7059320211410522), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.7035050392150879), (u'E_mail_heyjen@phillynews.com', 0.6957851052284241), (u'THE_PRESIDENT_Yes', 0.6887379884719849), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.6882161498069763), (u'connections_Sutley', 0.6848886013031006), (u'Jeeze', 0.6838271021842957), (u'Trazanna_Moreno_decided', 0.6835235357284546)]





@Houndour ...i wish i was there...i'm pretty good at scaring the shit out of people 
I strongly dislike people who make stupid comments and dont know the whole story 
twitter is a lot less interesting since cute people suddenly stopped flirting with me 
im awake people , got nothing to do today  probably watch TV and get rid of all my programs on sky+ planner ( the joy NOT !!!! )
@rainarcher can only fit 4 people max and its full  otherwise, you know, it would be yours .. sowwi!
@miketually @DanLees  I wish people would stop doing stupid things like that! I leave mine on 365, I guess that proves the opposite 
You know, I don't how you people can put up with my lack of spelling ability. Just looked over a couple of posts and I messed up a word. 
@JoanneSkywalker It's really depressing!!! It teases me, by working fine up until I try to save the people I created. What the hell! AHH! 
I'm on my grind today I have to work both jobs  sucks to be me. Hopefully no dumb ?'s or long boring meetings with people complaining
Debugging other people's code is definitely a pet hate of mine!! Comments do help but is still a right pain 
That's the problem with missing people; we miss the angel they were at a glance, at their best.not the creature that actually exists.  
 no luck no one has responed yet I don't think anyone crossed their fingers for me lol come on people this is a team effort lol
old people talking about dopers who steal anything thats not bolted down...i never want to be old 
my crazy mom tells me that people with type O blood should not eat carbs.....fuck i love carbs  ....chinese myth or fact??
rain on a saturday = a lot of people at the mall, damn ; working! 
@REGYATES this request show is pointless. you have like a million people requesting the jonas brothers but you still haven't played them 
Oh. Wow.  dont look at people or scream conor oberst.
dear morrissey, stop cancelling shows. it bums people out. first ft lauderdale, now oakland.  get it together. thanks &lt;3
@dawnis That seems to be the story with a lot of people today  Sucks.
sup with @britneyspears following some people, and not me?  how sad. HAHA
Anyone going tonight i cant have people at my house after  sorry
bc i knew yall were not together man people just dont have a since of humor anymore. oh well 
@catiams oh my god me too! he should sing more, but not take the lime light from the others... but yeah he gets too forgotton!  x
@erikathegreat there are a bunch of people like that at la cantera i feel bad for the kids 
@Ms_Kaydine you mean Africans coming to American getting married and living happily ever after with a green card isnt true? 
@samantha_gordon ah man that sucks! i cant believe all this sickness crap happenin to you out of all people  xx
i feel the worst ive felt in a long time...     i am w/ a group of people (except 2) who r only standing next 2 me cuz i got green. wh ...
wish my czats would know that on sunday people has the right to sleep late 
wish my cats would know that on sunday people has the right to sleep late 
@beanznkornbread LOL that's because yall are  but seriously what are you people doing this week. I'm on mission music super hard!
@gerardway y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u Its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold 
@franklero y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u Its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold 
@mikeyway y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u Its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold 
@amikan1983 it's true you have no idea how hard it is to be accepted by people when you have a disability.      thats why i wanted ur help
@KneeGrowSODMG yeah, youre the only person who welcomed me lol. ive had this for like 4 days and have only 3 followers  that made me f ...
i know now lolz, its like people dying and things like that  but i have to write it for my assessment
is livid.... why the hell do i give people the benefit of the doubt when they just go and do it anyways!!! grrrrrrr 
theres no way i can go to the invisible children rally. too short notice and all that shit. i am now upset 
is seriously disgusted... why are some people such arrogant bitches?   sunday = cleaning. 
what a crappy day...rain, too much homework, and constantly being let down by people 
what people are missing in club.  luck bastards haha http://short.to/4tph
ok cheers all you uk folks for telling me what a great day it was .. i have been re-enacting planes, trains, and automobiles since 10:30 
@bobbyllew Indeed it is absurd + everyone does it!  Just like people used 2 tape CDs to use in the car in days of yore-equally illegal! 
laying around trying not to get ready.tired,still no replies to email.people better turn up today! think ive run out of cereal 
@perezhilton it was a good question, but are you really surprised at how she answered?  that's still how some people think 
WHAT THE FUCKKKK, why r random people all the sudden following me, im kinda creeped out 
@jopilgrim re tweenbots. nice that people are so willing to help cute robots in need. if only they'd do the same for their fellow man 
Crashing, finally. 420 ftw! But on a serious note my thoughts are all with the people from columbine high  can't believe its been 10 yrs.
@joshtastic1 lmfao yeah well twitter is the best way to comunicate and meet new people fb just bores me with apps 
@Bklyncookie I know so many people who look at me....inferiorly....when I use a non-iPhone  lol
ahya'ya is stopping at april 10th people!!! sorry folks, my hand hurt 
hi @shaundiviney why are people such wankers these days? 
@jeffgerstmann Buses in london are renowned places to puke on, its an englishmans duty to defoul anything public. We're animals 
@lizziehalfpenny but theyre cool  and if it starts raining people are like have you got an umbrella and your like yeah but you cant use it
@thelostdot that story is so awful ... the things people will do for money 
@__JulieDreamer i pretty like twitter but there are so few people i know.. hope to find someone else 
i wish people would learn how to type in legible english, not a bunch of shortened words and symbols that make no sense. is that so hard? 
@r_banks i'm offended, your comment about not letting chubby people in the bridge night club, i'm chubby, thats not nice, 
whats with people who log on to facebook just to use the stupid quizzes 
thinks people like miss california are sad 
feel like im letting people down all over the place today 
@ashsimpsonwentz http://twitpic.com/2qwpn - Lol look at gogogansters page, all she does is abuse other people, poor thing 
@madeit they didn't seem too crash hot to me  people were more likely to join my group than a fan page for some reason!? will link to yrs
kinda bad day... :/ i want to go to denny's with the theatre people but my dad won't let me cuz it might rain 
is in sc and i miss her very very much. and i need someone to rant to about annoying people fhagdjk come hooome. 
I mean, people... yeah, got confuse too 
@BigToys  awww    don't bother... prefer real persons over google parts
http://twitpic.com/4dxip - The posters I was able to find...ughh it still looks empty without my others  wherever they are. T_T
...wonderful except when my brother kept turning the light on &amp; people and dogs downstairs kept making noise &amp; waking me up 
I saw too many drunk people tonight, yet I'm sober with twittering capabilities.....    umm yeah
@nithinbekal @ngaravind wake up folks... I am bored here 
all these random people are at my house... drinking out of my kegg of beer  sorry beau cant bring it, its nrealy empty
people are at #awaresg either for a fight or to watch a fight. sigh  does civil society gets to be civil?
i hate people who steal. give me back my purse. im so overwhelmed with everything that was stolen 
I've been doing everything in the wrong order in pokemon. Why am I battling people with lvl 16 pokemons when i'm almost at lvl 50  ?!
people named virginia get on my nerves! 
the concert was f*cking awesome! even though there were only 20 people or so   http://bit.ly/sUt8D
@TheMonkeyBoy so babe no goss yet   make some up like in those gossip mags, they're all lies but people believe them hehe
was at a club last night wen some1 got stabd to death  was standing about 10 meters away. so many people around so i didnt see anything
Currently sat in the middle of the historic Brooklands raceway looking at lots of Italian cars and sad people trying to &quot;be Italian&quot; 
......And people remain here. I don't think they are leavin anytime soon. So tired...I think this means no lunch &amp; wolverine tomorrow 
people at casa have fun ya! ;) sorry can't come to angel's party  http://plurk.com/p/rcz41
Just had to unfollow a bunch of folks to be in twitter &quot;good books&quot; .  
i woke up like 2 hours ago and my familys having a garage sale  theres all these old people looking at my stuff D:
Selling crap at the yard sale. Not many people have stopped by.  
@dizzybunny oh  no its in plymouth... long way lol...i hope some people from bh.com come though...
@_amberlovely people have been saying.. like a year there or something?! im really worried  he said it will stop them touring for a while.
@anniyosh that sucks! Why'd she change her mind? And my friend told me they were meeting people 
@foomin231 lisa... YOU... are amazing... come live with me! I currently live with 2938472394 people... none of which will make me a cake 
@jessiealeea @jessiealeea awww, yea moms can be a pain at times  did she kick everybody out?
Before I go actually, ihope people on the boards have been documenting their days for ADIML because I feel like everyone's forgetting. 
@sopheerose sorry jst seen it. thanks for the advice. haha i hate making eye contact with people 
@mennard fly back tue  will be glad to be on dry land and off floating old people's home tho
@AlexaRPD there's alot of scenes where I just want to cry in my moms arms  it's pure human emotion. I've learned so much about people
people with big noses and black hari reminds me of carlo, and i see lots of them 
Is it bad that I feel sad that I got kicked our of an xbox live party of fun people? 
@reeginee well we must hang out anyways just because we both rule so hard :p i'm sad... no more fun  cups, and fat people 
I'm wondering if I'm a rare one who's friends don't give a shit about her?? IT just feels like people are ignoring me on purpose! 
I want mcdonalds but the stupid lady on the line said their stupid people are busy 
hmmm i can tell people never buy a car in the dark 
haha..these people cant stop me.. another jugaar and twitter's working.. but why only twitter 
@RobPattinson_ hmm... i just heard about lots of people r chasing u down i feel really sorry about that 
the people in city I live hate me!! wanne go away from here but how and to wich place  all breaks down and my health is in a baD situation
misses a lotta people 
@eloisenunes yeh ffe aint working for me either. all the people waiting for the quiz thing are making it really slow 
@kisma  yeah i know too many good people missing   @kentuckyheather  ill be there!! what time is dinner?!
@tinyvamp omgosh lots of people with low self esteem today. I wish I could give them all a big hug. 
@heartsdesiire no baby. the movie is horrible. the acting, the way it was filmed.  lol lots of people hate it. trust me!
looking for something to do not a lot of people have a twitter  sad day
can't believe what just happened. Why on earth would someone harrass me and then expect me to be ok with that? people are psycho 
@camella_secrets its not really in my mind in that way, I just wish people would protect their tiny babies. It's just horrific 
@cocoward :O if you go to the extraaaa show who will you go wittth???  btw come together festival has weird people performing and its $77!
not that i don't mind people talking to me, but my throat is killing me so,can i just shut up for a whole day please? 
(@gingiringingin) not that i don't mind people talking to me, but my throat is killing me so,can i just shut up for a whole day please? 
Remembering that people will never change No matter how dumb it is and how stupid they are for being that way 
hate when people park in my parking spot 
People dont let me talk! 
@prettyinpunk406 But then people are afraid of pork so they aren't calling it &quot;swine&quot; anymore. All of this makes me cry buckets of tears. 
I think it's best that if we hang out, it's with other people. I really don't want to mess up a great thing I have with kevin. I'm sorry! 
So i'm at this prom right now and people are clapping on beats 1 and 3. One of my peeves 
I just hate seeing old people. The food isnt worth it. And i wanted to see steph   o well, back to studying
@MabelStanley i mostly saw people studying. whomp whomp 
50,000 - 41,357 = 8,643 DOOD thats alot of people to add them as friends...face it were not gonna hear those songs 
@objects I don't understand why everyone in aus hates them. I kno they do harm in farm areas but pet ones are ok 
@steph_thtgirl15 @GericaQuinn how come i don't have that many people following me?i only got 60. 
upset. doesn't know what to do.  so many people are after me, it seems. what the heck?!       I must be a horrible person. 
@nmyers89 i was in the mugglespace chat talking with people there tonight ha ha. Always random and crazy in there. You weren't on aim 
why do the people u want to cmnt u bak never reply bak    im still waiting even though its been weeks plz dnt keep me waiting any longer
@discoballs -__- wth...people should do some research beforehand. hai. poor creatures 
@ryanmwilson im just not feeling that great  just don't feel like dealing with people i think i'll be very anti-social this week
@PotFace why do people love British accents? I think mine sucks 
@TheDannyNoriega you and chris are so sweet you make me weepy... aww  i wish people wouldn't give you a hard time danny. 
shit. no internet in dalmatia. can not twitt! sunny hvar, riva hotel, juice, espresso, nice people, almost no wind 
I feel so empty.  i'm so alone right now i miss the only thing two people that matter  imy baby
@poetryinmotion2 yeah they make it for people who have trouble swallowing fluids.Like stroke patients. It tastes like glue  so disgusting!
give me my fucking chips! im hungry! whys there so many people here?  i see you, @kimmyg123
@tashasiian I get pissed fast and sometimes people are trying to piss me off just the see how I react! It's so annoying 
I feel kinda outta my depth... only old people (above 22) are using twitter  big sad face
@paul_steele it's worse for me, I grew up where they are listed in the most famous people to come from list. That's a burden to bear 
@FaveColourPink LOL, they would be easier to kill... these birds are too small! everyday i had to clean shit off before i go out. 
both my mom and i agree that we want to spend today just laying around watching movies. but people are coming over. no fun 
There are people in this world that suck to infinity, and some of them are related to me.  Thankfully, none of the ones I see often.
ughh trying to not be in a pissy mood  some people are annoying me
@jeremylarner hey by making your bets public u remind us lil people that we r fucking broke. ;o) lol  it takes me 6 months to make 10K! 
@kelsie12000 I just feel bad for the guys - they do soooo much for all of us so when some people get less than happy news...sad 
@snarkattack I know how u feel  people are idiots and waste our time ;)
just put up a million pics of all the people I love... well not all of them but most of them.... kinda depressing they are all leaving 
@alexWTrugs sorry that lots of great talent got overlooked for people with background stories this year - but thats what makes reality tv 
just wait the perfect time, it'll be a bunch of people ! 
@eclecticxmanda it's both a good &amp; a bad thing....it means a lot of people like him, but also now our tweets are more likely to get lost 
omg fuck you lost now im bawling my eyes out  why do people make stuff so sad 10 more minutes 
my back is painful  its so frustrating - i feel disabled without any external cues to show people i cant/shouldn't do stuff!
elorie needs to know that it's not cool to feed people grass  hehe.
is sick of friends fighting  wish some people would stop making up crap
@edrichmond the jarvis thing is a goal to aim for. but it's a fine line to walk with two of the three lions people either side 
For the people that call me, please don't think I'm rude cause I don't talk much. I got 4 ulcers in my mouth and they fucking hurt. 
@black_blasphemy sad... not for  her but for the people left behind. the agony they have to come to terms with... 
phone calls, emails, demanding people, stress, a lot of work...my day. for some im just a robot that needs to work according to settings. 
I wanna go to the music video shooooot  sigh 6 am. sigh not being 18/having 2 people over 18.  sighhhh
and incase you didnt pick up, i REALLY dont like my dads side. theyre snobs who think less of people who arent as rich as them. aka...us 
@PhillyGG aww...next time  be careful...they hunt people out there..and watch out for andy reids kids.
wow i had 8 people now i have 7...  thats sad... i must be a loser or something whatever
its a hot sunny day, and i'm on my way to west-north jakarta. yes, the hottest part of jakarta. imagine that people! 
is sick of being the person you can't take anywhere and knows its no ones fault but his own.  night kids.
@cosmicolive no it was pretty slow  only about 50 people showed up...got a couple good leads/sales though so maybe later...sigh!
@seantheflexguy *nods*... I'm working on it. A lot of people don't seem to care tho 
I'm really annoyed with the fact that apparently i can't reply to people via text anymore.  
Worrying about people at 3:30am while being completely hammered is basically the worst thing ever  I wish I could change everything.
great night, too bad people have to fuck everything up. asian food in the fridge but dont know if im allowed to eat it, so hungryyy 
So over selfish people...u show u care and there for them..only to have yr heart ripped out and handed to u on a plate! 
hates it when people cancel on you  i can't rely on anyone these days
aw wMwn   life is boring     really im sure      i find people that not have a spank on their faces    hahaha muhaahaha         (Rockers).
@bloggerheads Of course. But I wonder if as many people will feel compelled to tweet about it as they did a third rate pop contest? 
blah. i hate it on msn when people sign out without warning. it happened 3 times in a row.. 
LOL got the tip resuts in a email but the person just resent last weeks   LOL i won 87 cents for getting 8  like 8 other people got 8 
well i g2g people  hayley is being a homophobe and wants me too get off
fixing C# source to code to match name conventions and reordering solution. I hate when people just go at it as nothing will matter 
I think all aspiring people stay stressed out! It's a requirement! It's good tho. Not as profitable right now tho  @KourtneyDenise
@codemaverik That's what I keep telling people, but many think that they are superheroes who can do with little or no sleep 
ok bedtime. and dammit dentist tomorrow, because i'm going to just keep snapping at people otherwise 
It takes a lot to get me angry and I cool off quickly. But, I do not like people who try to step up by putting down someone else.! 
oh well, if I can't get people to talk, I'll just read about stuff on twitter 
@yoginimom Most kids who fall victim by ppl they know are 2 afraid to run away or tell anyone 
arrr how do i write to people :S  !! its rather confusing
I'm starting to feel a bit nervous about the presentation I must give about counselling to people who mebbe don't know much about it 
@giannasorous yeah same i was supposed to babysit today and make like 40 bucks but the people got sick 
if people acted right the first time around things would be so much easier. thx for screwing up.. now we can't ever be adorable together 
it's all good. i feel bad for blocking those people  but idk who they are sooo..is it okay that i did that?
@StudioFairy @xSKYLINES I hope so too  I don't like arguing with people I dislike, let alone somebody I love. Especially on an anniversary
pftt people outside radio-one to meet mcfly  lucky bums. and they get to meet ym@6 aswell...
i need something to do with my hands i have bugged and pissed off many people being annoying but im nervous and i dont do waiting well 
i hate living near dennys there's always loud ass people in the parking lot playing their music preventing me from my sleep 
@ecovegangal L.A. folks are split in 2 camps - before &amp; after '94 - the former are still traumatized and every quake brings the fear back 
why the famous people doesnt have time chating with theirs fans ?  feel sad bout it.
@DazzleMeThis Aww suckage that people have stopped following ya  How are you anyways? :-D
Some people talking alot of bullshit in the morning damnnnnn 
@greeksarah He sounds like a git  what a shame people can't move on and behave themselves.... Perhaps he will this time?
i hate when people steal my flash drives  thats the 2nd one already /cry.
im so confused about things..  why cant people just be straight forward? D; i do not like to play games &gt;;(
Even the streets are quiet without the seniors  This is sad &amp; weird.
@kkaazz haaha 'no affence old people' ahh cracker! I can't eleive the bracelet is sold out  waaa
reckons people stress over the stupidest things sometimes. big ass head ache 
oh yeah. i saw some of the most beautiful moths last night. i saved some from the well water, but others weren't so fortunate 
I hate going to specialists....its always crowded...and crowded with weird ppl  
@kat_n Haha well then people need to look up the meaing of stalker!! I missed him too, I got online like 20 mins after hed left.. 
Why do people put you're hopes up and tell you that you're the right person. And then say 'no'? 
just finished my first gcse exam. i though id done well, but when i talked to people afterwards, id made a few silly mistakes  woops
@JLenchner no they dont, that makes it hard doing backstroke, plus people dont stay on their lane which can be annoying 
http://bit.ly/2qqVn 2 people paid $20,000 to have their daughters meet &amp; get a kiss on the cheek from rpattz. i wish i had an extra 20k 
i can't sleep. people i like are annoyed with me.  it's not a comforting thought. why doesn't anyone say anything? i like to apologize ...
@sophycake how about earth day?? hehe we've had hail and everything like 4 or 5 times today!! i watched people's cars get hit by it.. 
@Fellicious erm, i reckon it could be about 4pm but many people are saying that the chances of seeing them at the o2 are slim 
jonas brothers sold out and i didnt get tickets  so sad right now. stupid people all trying the internet at the same time!!! 
how are you meant to meet people on this thing?? only got one follower, dont get it 
@figPYBFO hope it's not gonna rain  i'm scared of people rejecting me (ie. not donating money) cos i'm ASIAN o:
i hate people in the northern hemisphere! summer holidays for thos losers 
@GuySebastian you poor thing, hope they find the cabbie you were in. Some bad people out in the world sadly 
recently I keep waking up people from the other part of the ocean at crazy hours 
i think im going to have a bad dream tonight. It will probly include the dead people with big bruises all over their faces off medium  
@missbadspeller it's not lookin real good at the mo buddy, i'm watching delayed but people have given away the future 
@justagirl_aus s'ok hun, i know what its like when you feel alone   just think that you have lots of people around who care about you
@BrittGoosie fair enough. It MAY be something connected to you..but that DOESNT mean people have to be mean about it 
why is it that things which i love to happen only happens to the people that dont even care about it! man it suuuccckkkss 
@perpstu yeah you would think right? There were several people who arrived b4 me 
@meghoulihan yeah, someone else at work just ganked them and we only have 13 people so don't go through too much paper  But thanks!
@jonesjonesjones ive just realised tho... i have like 17 people, and there all my mates hahaha so we already have eachother .... 
I make so many mistakes-and instead of helping me change a lot of people criticize bcause I should KNOW better??  like I know everything!
Just got back home from the docs bc of asthma. Its worst then they r telling us folks... A LOT of people r sick. 
When people in the next cube drop their conversation down to inaudible then suddenly say, &quot;Aaaanyway...&quot; it makes me feel very bad. 
Supermarkets are evil places full of rude people   I'm never turning my back on online shopping again!
soo glad the rain is finally done with, alot of people in florida are under water 
Would have went to the protest but it was scheduled way too early for working people living outside of lexington 
@spicyface lol  and it is weird when random people follow me, and not even say hi or anything. kind of scary.
@ZeldaPhan yeah, basically. I should have washed my hands after high-fiving 150 people.    That's what I get!!
@cryst_trueblue aww no way !!  seen this stupid in4merz thing ... its a disgrace cause ppl paid loads money for that soundcheck ... I  ...
@brandonlk My main argument against conspiracy theories like this are that most people cant keep their mouths shut. This disproves it 
why cant i make everyone happy? disappointing people hurts. especially when you disappoint the ones you love. if i've hurt you, im sorry. 
finally caught up on my tweets - kids should be asleep - so is the wife  - not a lot of zzz's to go around with 3 lil ones
wondering how people can joke about suicide. need to keep reminding myself that unless you've lived it, you just don't get it. 
is searching for people to follow :L and where has mitch hewer gone!!??  get him back on our screens please!!
@hannahsheridann i am i am, i was on looking for cool people, youse dont satisfy me 
uhhh, my stomach hurts  I miss so many people it's not even funny. I need to see them again, I didn't really talk to them last time
allconsofffun do you ever get the feeling that nobody really gives a shit?  I mean I've posted tons of posts and not one person cares. 
@SamanthaWorks hahahaha i was just kiddinggg. dang. the people are coming at 1:05...a.k.a. 2 tomorrow!  i wont be home.. school &quot;/
@selenagomez aww selena. that makes me want to cry too. i hate seeing others sad or upset. 
@mrskutcher i know its insane when there are so many people in need and most the food was under 30 minutes old still semi warm 
@rannau But I can't use it anymore whenever the others are awake. And that means I can't stay up late... I was banned to use after 11. 
Up reading tabloids about other people's lives...thinking what I'm gonna do with mine when my baby leaves?  
i wish people would leave jon &amp; kate alone  i really like that show
@HomeSwapperteam what is the point of your twit on bgt i must be one of the only people you havent found a swap for depite the promises 
go to my father's house or not?!that is the question...domestic food and people around me vs my bed,my tv and my world...dont know 
@russellprue (duh typo error) part 2: social networking??.. there isn't even room for people 
@davidbaillie they are evil mean people, who hurt you. I have a terrible phobia of dentists, but had toothache from hell this week 
I HATE FLORISTS  No rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken fag florist people ={ hmm..need something else...hmm...
@caitdog13 lucky! been beggin for jury duty for years...they dont ever send me notices! just notices for other people to my address! 
I worked at a car plant once..nobody believes me though. I repect all the hard workin folks in the world. 
Man work is so busy today  2people called in sick and the old perverts keep rolling in  sadness abounds...
@22jenny I hate snood. lol. sorrry  i dont know how people play it!
the people are coming to kill my mouse on monday    i have mixed emotions.  i mean, he lives in my desk drawer!!
@gfalcone601 i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance 
@FafsaHelp i don't know what lender it was? yea these people definitely sucked butt toes. NOT friendly or helpful. 
@Smokeroomsocial I'ma say you should smudge yourself before I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night 
@mitchelmusso i guess you get loads of emails &amp; people asking you stuff al the time but i seriously wonder if you ever read my comments  x
@emo_zaboo its ok, it just hurts abit i thought i was doing a good job... if i was rude to people i could understand...  x
@AYEJILLA &amp; @andrewEMT suck at trying to scare people but are good at killing naps.   http://myloc.me/218m
google wave next, can't keep up with the 186 ways i can communicate with people now  what happened to good old fashioned letter writing?
watching &quot;la rosa de guadalupe&quot; damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins 
It's called communifuckingcation.....learn it, know it, do it. These stupid ass people! 
@_juliamarie people just don't appreciate nature. it's sad. did the lil dude survive? 
to the people i was txting... sorry phone is dead and i can't resurrect it.  hopefully verizon will replace it and i'll it back by tonight
grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same 
Now here is something annoying, people rt tweets that are a question to a specific user! wow, rt things that need to be rt! 
@janelleee_xoxo feel a little better since they're always so nice and stuff, all the people at my school don't take them seriously. 
I hate when people say they love you, but its just till they find something better 
i cant believe i didnt win crap! i had people singing along, waving phones, blah blah blah... and walked out with nothing 
not happy, I dont understand why people dont just tell the damn truth 
@selenagomez and they arent that nice to me...  people now treat me like dirt after my bff betrayed me!
@oranparker haha, I can mention you all day, but nobody loves me  @oranparker needs 5 more followers to hit 200! come on people!
i really wnted to see drag me to hell. the people are already saying its lame 
Oh my gosh, I am in love with this yellow shirt and there are no smalls, only fat people sizes... 
sorry about that people lol!! im just really bored right now  ahhh..... whatever its not like anyone's listening to me anyway
http://bit.ly/OZOon  - poor little girl  she legit breaks down in front of millions of people on stage  
hey people - mid years are a ball of suck  http://tumblr.com/xuu1wktlp
Is annoyed at people inflating bids on ebay- argh!!! If the price on this thing goes anny higher i'll have to quit 
@Oxfordfilmfreak ~ so people don't dress up anymore? and by your comment i guess nobody goes 2 front of the theater to sing and dance 
@kasey79 at least you have that...I just don't have anything in common except the guys with people on here 
just did some hill starts and shit and am terrible. i hate the people of wavell heights for abusing me 
Sending all these nice messages to people on here that just recently followed me and whatnot but never hear back - sad  meanies!
@ladywinnie @stratcat45 - You guys ! What a great way to start today - sun shining - coffee - good people - oh and broken powerbook 
i think that was the worst shift i have ever worked, people are so bloody stupid, seriously. // no cold rock anymore? 
@mango001  cuz as a society we've gotten used to the gov being the voice of the people instead of the people being the voice of reason~   
@Violalovemclife yeah his totally a good actor, and I don't get it, he's really good at singing!! why would they find others to do it? 
@Violalovemclife yeah he's absolutely a good actor, but I don't get it, he's really good at singing! why would they find others to do it? 
why have so many people got work today? other than to piss me off. no food, no money, and theres a strange english boy in my garden 
crazy people do crazy things so i guess i am crazy becuase i saw beyonce today and a stepped on her shoe  total acident
@superherojamie  what does it do though haha, and all the top people cheat, they change blocks and stuff so they get the block they want
Morning twitter. Trying this morning people thing of coffee again. Not sure its doing anything for me. 
@sovietkiki Yes, I know alot of people who will not vote as 'It does not affect me' or 'Not my problem' I feel sad for them 
Jordans leaving party tonight. Going to be great. but I think their may be some tears from people. 
@simply_brandon ok....  people should be more optimistic! Lol
@pembteaco I had NO idea people made tea in pembrokeshire! But I am liking the wares, my poor wallet is going to suffer 
@katyperry lots of people are having avi problems today 
Trying to catch a tan, weather's right but people keep ringing the landline 
.@ManMadeMoon oh crap! I suspect people want guarantee they will like it, rather than pay to see something the might not like 
@Omniscientist things happen, people change.i mean like it hurts of course but theres nothing left to do or say i have no control over it 
21 and don't drink...for some odd reason people think I should...&quot;what is  this peer pressure?&quot; ...not cool let me be me!!!&lt;-----retweet 
@Hoffpants Thanks. Just I had thought that learning to care about people was a good thing, but the more I care the more I get hurt, so... 
Honestly I'm done with trying to be friends with people who dont even care about you 
got attacked by the biggest hornet ever. it was like a bird. i can take people dieing in the rooms, but hornets. no thanks.  
This sucks  people have no respect 
dammit, i think there is one stop between 30 and market and gulph mills. more people on a crowded bus 
@Angelkiss283 hey, not a lot of people are on anymore 
With this bbq, i hope people contribute instead of leaving us out of pocket 
@origin05 people still wear jordan's outside of the gym? i must be old as snuck 
oky this blogtv  is not going good  i cant talk to my self :* no views in 6 more mins then ill stop http://www.blogtv.com/People/Paiige_
why are people glitching in the livng dead on halo 3  ruining the game ahh well ill just betray them
i need hugs   more people should be nocturnal, im lonely as hell.
@ramin987 Its not spam its informing the number lol ... im just watching the bgt hash tag loads of people doin it  sorry
Could do with a good nights sleep, but as usual some muppet will spoil it with the music or the tv on loud. some people just don't care. 
@ddlovato thats good for you some people don't get to spend time with there family 
Going to look at people permanently paint there postures with @akasprtscnter ... its like disneyland for me... but no cool lollipops 
230 subscribers! sub sub sub pleasee ;) and tell your friends to follow us! I have like 2 people reading this right now    ..hehe
right now, i could make a huge list od people that i miss, alot 
@katiegarton its actually a little painful  and keeps cracking...mad people have been confused all day long
is going to olive garden with a bunch of peoples...I've been told I need to take a break! 
listenin to local radio, it seems people dont understand governance. naive &amp; ignorant views expressed by panel and callers. disappointed 
So much for my get out of jail countdown...people are stuck on the phone which means I am stuck!  
people come and go right? so i should be ok?...then y am i not. -the real ones stay 
I'm so jelouse of the people of los angles they get to have charlie in they're city,  I would freak if he was comming her
@BreeSymone haha i said it too and a few others so u arent alone  lmao
i think people ignore my texts. makes me feel awesome...not. i try to not be annoying, but maybe i am? idk... 
@kikijoy i'm sorry!  man you can't even take an innocent peaceful walk anymore  thats horrible
anti-gay protesters dwntwn make mooncheez sad  we support 1st amendmnt rights, but don't agree with the msg. everyone should have rights!
waht is sad about investing in a business is the talent people that have a great product and nobody are seeing it !!! that is sad 
I dislike it when people complain about little things..the word hate is used too much. I miss jake 
i hate people who get food poising they scare the sh*t out of me 
I just watched milk and omg! What a message I cried  I don't understand why people wanna hate and segregate I say we love and accept!
has had a crap day made worse by stupid people ringing and texting at 3am! now i can't sleep 
I see homeless people all the time&amp;it never makes me wanna cry but he did 
I judge people on outer apperance.(spelling?) that makes me sad 
@amyderby seems to be annoyingly viral like mafia wars, as u pester people to join you / strangers to follow u.. *shakes head* 
Puttputt is horribly expensive and we are too broke to play.  They want 23 bucks for three people to play through 1 round! boo, that sux
I hate when people use my ideas and dont give me credit 
my heart is broken several times a day in this freaking job.  why do people create children they then subsequently abandon?  
@GirlSascha I never worry about it when it's people I don't care for, but this is one of my good friends...all cus I flaked palm springs 
I just started following a crap ton of people! i wish more were following me i feel so unimportant. 
quite relaxed@home on a sunday.....btw,y arent ppl born adults?children irritate others 
Being blinded by a bright ass light is no fun...people on drugs might enjoy it though....so far nothing reconizable and not very rocking 
@ValentinePhotoM ~ I think that the majority of creative people are also softies plus it's always the bad stuff that you seem to take on 
@Ashleeey25 that's probably people who don't smoke often. I didn't eat one time and it made me feel like shit. It was green apple too. 
@NillaDrop I've seen that clip... it's pretty crazy! haha The bull never called back or even said thanks.  Not just people suck, bulls too
ok, I resign. I start to really miss the Batschkapp...  my music. my people. everything else is rubbish...at least for now.
@chchchinatown i know. it kind of boggles my mind that people thought it was okay to do something like that. 
@becca_darling the unfortunate majority of us Britons are unfortunate idiots 
It's carnival of the cultures today! I might have a look later. But all people drink caipirinhas and I have to spare booze at the moment 
I guess the issue I face isn't really other people wanting to or not, even though I might sometimes feel annoyed that &quot;no one wants me  &quot;.
@BigAssBadger you on form, mine keeps crashing out when I try to off people 
@melissaceratti at home. you see thats what people do when they don't have money.... 
why dont the people i follow show up on my little bar thing in those little boxes? 
ities &amp; everyday people ! If u hear it , plz dont pass it on ! 
@Stefmara I was in those same seats behind mets dugout...I didn't see people getting shake shack getting brought to them  wait worth it!
bad week to be a geek, E3 starts tomorrow which means a lot of people telling me what to spend my money on.  I'm doomed 
friend is that so hard to ask for i guess it is   what has this world come to children just grow up to hate and nothing else hope im not
@DJNiDouble catering in the city...sucks when people wanna get married on Sundays...boooo 
just landed. hate having to wait for people taking down a million things from overhead bin when I only brought one small carryon 
#unfollowperezhilton Because he makes money and gains popuarity for spreading hate towards certain people! 
@casey887 i believe some people can still access it and others say its not even up anymore!  so yeah go ahead and delete it.  sad right?  
Abortion doctor shot b/c there are assholes out there who value potential humans over the lives of humans already here &amp; loved by others. 
@Applecored fair enough  any skype people on yet?
Someone stole all my money I had on me last night at the after party. People are assholes 
@SaulaSmurf haha yeah now i def understand it. haha in my country they almost always have regae artists and im not really a regae fan 
 What happened to that link on the side bar that says everybody?How am I going to look at what random people just tweeted now?
I am trying to remember all the people I would like to follow....hmm nope all gone 
Please stop comparing all pro-life people with the wackos who killed george tiller 
fuck my life im too nice to people 
makes people think about the things we did wrong, it is very difficult to reach them after..  xx
@SarahSloane I wonder how many right wing people would carry squirt guns full of red dye on that day if we did. 
@HeatherTesch Another thing people sometimes forget is to have a plan for their pets!! So horrible seeing video of pets left behind 
wish me luck people pleaase..  maths gcse tomorrow, stressseeeddd out somethinn shockinn!!   badd times!! 
omg ghost whispeper stop making me cry  why does everyone good die and she doesn't even know they're a ghost??
i should stop twittering this much, it confuses people.. but it's so addicting  anyway, i'll quit 4 the day, goodnight ^^ i love you all
hates the fact that people rejoice in the suffering of others 
@KansasJackass yep. &quot;pro-lifers&quot; celebrating murder and killing just goes to show what a bunch of messed up people they really are. sick  
is fed up of people treating her like crap, then the moment i stand up for myself it just turns to shit, hmm 
Things that befuddle me...trust fund babies (adults)...smokers...&amp; smokers who ash every-freakin-where...including on my flipflops... 
@JohnCleese  What about the rest of us? You know, the lame, average people that signed up for it?
going out cause i havent done homework yet  bye folks o/
lame thing is, the people that actually deserve to win probably won't  overrated 'twilight' will most likely dominate the awards.
@vishwaskasat what? people have gone crzy!!!  first ronaldo moving to spurs and now the rumour of real madrid. bad bad affair.
@dannydutch im with you on the beach front however im stuck in a warm room with a lot of boring people! 
@tealou and this is why I dont like other people's systems - gotta deal with where their code falls apart 
but instead of taking the piss people should be supportive and embrace her great voice and wish her well - this nation is so damn fickle 
is ill as feck and cant make his new video  sorry people
just watched &quot;the women&quot; .. this quote sums me up: &quot;i wish there was a pill to make love go away&quot;.. 
Starting to wonder if my future landlord is crazy or prejudice against americans.. this may not end well 
@cefuller78 Me! I WAS WORRIED people would think that! I DON'T even remember how to use this dumb phone! I think my struggle is evident! 
why do I get the trainee phone support people  1 hour to solve something that should have taken 10 mins.... so much for sunbathing.
dontcha just love the truth? ... blah, people suck. 
bless people who put their itunes library on the networks who have awesome taste .... &amp; damn itunes for not letting me copy from them 
@veneretio &gt;&gt; aww  were people calling out health on all the parts? we found that helps phase 4 a lot.
my gosh i wonder where that air france plane went! i feel so bad for the families 
@Selestina118 I shouldn't let that silly stuff get to me, I just get protective...  you should see me with people I know better!
originally tried just annotating, but some folks who got the prototype got confused 
@MinaRawr exactly! they are evil! it ruins sites like myspace, and others. you can no longer trust them 
@tenishea212 ahh people have voted but their votes havent counted. alice is 1 vote behind me 
@Beverleyknight hi, I emailed your &quot;people&quot; but I've not heard anything back. Is it because its for charity?? 
@RoslynOC when ever i get the call, so am in liverpool for a bit, but most people have gone home 
@randymuscleaz it may be empathy, but some people just sound that way, and it makes us feel like shit to hear it 
haha ign just got a flood of people on their free servers... sucks for me 
I know that nobody reads this accept the people in my immediate family, but I no longer have the web.    Only work access.
Right serious business now, revision gah, and i can see people sat around on the field  woe is me
On this b-e-a-utiful golf course whilst suffering from seasonal allergies  these houses are amazing...what do these ppl do for a living?
@karenish nah people don't celebrate it over here, no bank holiday or nothing 
@tommcfly You really think so? I though the crowd wasn't too lound!  last year I though people were screamming more, dk. I was outta voice
@kwohlrob Actually, lots of people didn't make it   We took 240 submissions out of 800 or so. Loved yours, by the way.
@outofcontrol09 she's half scottish so that makes me feel the love even more...probs makes most people hate more mind 
@KComer I feel bad for those people! Who woulda knew with todays technology shit like that can happen 
i dont understand how i get random follwers.. i dont know these people xD who sees my rants anyways? someone explain  aha
I think im in love........with myself. i kinda rock..its funny how people don't seem to notice these days  lol
@Cuddlepuff1 nope me either.  i really feel for her   hopefully she has a lot of people around to support her
@in4merz i cant believe the people who are winning have blatantly voted themselves several times - thats not fair 
@yo_te_amo well, there is good news in the world always. Just it doesn't sell newspapers or get people to watch telly. It is all about $ 
@thomasfiss it wasnt amazing because theyre bad actors and well lc is leaving   didnt you cry?
@bernardx Lol.... yeah I thought I had mine good to go...  but people lag.  
how do i even get a job at a beginners level...everyone wants experienced ppl that doesnt help me 
idk, i dont think my dick is long enough for two people to be on it. 
@DarkUSS We do, we got dutch and french, I speak french but i hate the way people got their sucky french accent in english 
@icontips, @dawnrichard never twits back us &quot;regular&quot; people  if she only knew she could make someone's day by doing so!
i dislike missing people. i just feel like saying come here and dont leave me! but i cant...so this is how ill be 
just woke up, ive been asleep sine 4 hah. i dont feel good  &amp; the people i used to steal internet from, moved. so text (: instead of m ...
@Monicks good point, funny thing the only people that seem to see that ...are you guys 
i hope the people make it back all right. im sorry for anyone that lost some one 
you know what really irks me? people like demi will never know who i am or how much they and they're work means to me personally 
starting to realise I can't do everything! so will have to miss the leaders meeting tonight  so bummed.. just love being with Gods people!
@virginamerica no upgrade.   no worries, u guys still rock #twrtcon @pgvirgin  watching live tv while people r still boarding
Gahhh.. I need a new set of friends, I'm so tired of piece of shit people. 
@patriciaco Not much people are tweeting him, so we have a chance! But I don't think he's reading the @replies. 
@voodooqueen not an excuse. and the movie is full of super ugly people  most excruciating.
@JonathanRKnight I'm sorry some people don't understand that u guys have loved ones (not to mention jobs) that u need to devote time to. 
@punctuation @LizS4ra I think some people have it and some think i'm a blank square! 
I did not meet any foreign people or left the house for about three days, how the hell did I get this f****** cold virus 
It would be fantastic to have more people following me..all my follower notifications usually trying to sell me something 
@Scissormonkay fandom sure loves its incest. underaged incest gets extra points.  o people.
   me,myself,alone,at home,watching tv.other people,at istora senayan,waiting for pussycat dolls. i hate thos part right here 
@theeca Depends if you follow people to get them to follow back or because you like to hear the buzz. I loved #track, but must follow now 
I just told people I dont know any theorems for maths and apparently thats a big deal. 
Just sent a bunch of people to work at the bible farm! Now the dome is quite boring! 
twitter better shape up or a lot of people are going to leave  
Having to interview ppl today which I hate!! How do you tell someone they're not good enough?! In a nice way!! :s damn I hate this 
Just saw some ppl get bad news at the hospital. I hate being here man. 
@KatChildress um...clean it because u have 12 foot people over all the time?? lol. sorry u fell. 
thinks some people are just silly. still feels a tad sick-y 
Because people can't clean up after themselves, there's no more tv in the break room 
waiting to shoot my student film today-people are late!, dont think we will get it all done 
where di all the cool livejournal people go?? i think i lost them all while i was obsessively changing usernames all the time 
hmm, people arent seeming to be finding my may favorites! 
theres a bunch of annoying bitchass people on twitter right now 
but then who cares since i probably will never see those people ever again lol. it rained in germany like every day i was there 
@mnlduran the whole lost gift thing was very sad and here, people are friendly at first, but change quickly! That's reality for ya. 
according to their results on my fb quiz, no one thus far knows above 33% about me.  And several people want me in their pants. Lol.
i agree with @bluestatus. I needa get a job. But grades are hella screwin me over  @breakfastt 3 people gave me bags to pop.I was like :'(
@iluvmypodju lol. yup. of course I don't have your charisma so people don't bother me as much...or follow me as much lol 
@Bytorsnowdog i would normally say yes.. but not when it's a remix  now I know how people felt when i was a kid. lol
@BDEugenio i got placea to go people to do gotta be there early sorry babe 
no matter how many people have died, it still always hurts 
@bitarave im still getting used to these shannagins. i don't usually see when people mention me or whatever 
people around me in the office have really crazy ringtones. thank god, i have my headphones on most of the time. but not right now 
@saamanthajaane  awwh bubbb. i hate crying infront of people. i tried to act as fine as i could today &amp; couldnt cope and blah! sametoyou!x
I love being nice and people using me ha get the fuck out or cheer me up 
@Jennifers00 It's something I need to look into as people are wanting 'hard' copies. Haven't found the best answer yet 
ohmigosh! sims 3 tomorrow! arrrgh all you people who already have it! 
annoyed at having to change modules. university sucks for people who actually know what they want to do 
In college with the awesome nimz! no one else is in  get following people!! big exam tomorrow xx
I wish they woudln't show people catching fish on tv  The poor little things.
I think it's bad how susan boyle gets the main headline, when people have actually lost their lives in an aeroplane malfunction/crash... 
dammit - sorry people was testing and those shouldnt have come through... you may now name me 'spamalot' 
@cazp09 @Katynha wow, cancer does kill alot of people 
feel so sad for jon and kate   people are so mean to her
@AmeliaKB I'd take it as a compliment if they weren't mass-searching a certain term and contacting those people. It's more like spam. 
@ArieleMoonfire 1st instant thought was my curry recipe is going 2 send people out bashing others  then i read past the heading...eye  ...
shopping food stuff... cant wait to see the stupid zirndorf people  
Arrghhh 2 things in this world I despise..smelly buses &amp; rude people &amp; unfortunately 2day I encountered both  !!!!!
yuck, Feeling crummy. Lots of people been getting sick at office lately. We need to break that cycle 
@jtbritto doood... bishop was the last word  I'll start saving sum new ones fer yu guys 
@harmlesskitty anyway, i'm a little passionate about stupid laws vs proper education. too large a % of the population are crap drivers 
@1in9   super lame. Who were the judges? At  least other people know whats up, who won?
paris hiltons bff show is lame everyones gross but the gay boy kinda  reminds me of josh  I miss him so freakn much I miss so many people
@YoungQ awww... i'm one of the people at work.    tell the guys i said hi!
wassup people? this heart aches 
loves how gorgeous the weather has been but wishes she had more people to do stuff with 
Ahh fuck my little old russian lady isn't here great now she's gonna hate all brown people because I came late  aw
heyy people whats up?? How is everyone?? Today is almost over 
lots of people being laid off at work today...oops, I mean, &quot;resources are being realigned to better foster growth opportunities.&quot; 
@joeysikes that straight up hurts my feelings.I have to respect my roomates, they pay rent too. They Didnt want more than 2 people over 
i call my tend to call my neighborhood mexico cause we're all mexican but they dont move the million trucks &amp; take my spots  @ruDyArr
There were alot of people in the house last night. I wasn't sure who to poop on. 
@hazelrage aw man I send you earplugs...what I hate is when people do it and act like its a freakin contest. That's way annoying 
sorry .. although my big list on twit longer was better, it didn't put the names in people's replies, so not sure it counted 
@DonLuiG woo! thank gosh its friday is right for most people... not for me  means i have to be at work in 5 days 
I have had to deal with an extraordinary number of stupid, crazy, and entitlement-complex-having people today.  it quite runs one ragged.
Only 2 people in class today ugh. It is so lonely without my rape buddy here 
@lndwhite i understand u, sometimes we trust in some people and then they stick a knife on our back, and it &quot;hurt&quot; so bad 
@suki I hate when people whose movies I admire go and try to do books which I have read many many times. 
@KPizzle87 lmao..aww my baby..no I'm serious that the first thing people say to me wow you've gotten so skinny..an the scale don't lie 
I will never understand people who enjoy starting drama on the interwebz. and who enjoy making others feel horrible! 
@flapjack50 I have had a run of dodgy people following me today...rude words galore...had a major blocking session  as you say, pointless!
ugh. people are so unreliable. getting my nails and shit done. no fab or jeremiah tonight apparently 
@ddlovato  negative ppl will always be there slagging others off becuase they are jelous and cant c the truth in the statement 
This prop 8 thing has so much people in a bad mood  come on everyone will will win the next one!! cheer up!!!:.. http://tr.im/nAhW
have u people ever fallen in love wiv the wrong person? 
This prop 8 thing has so much people in a bad mood  come on everyone will will win the next one!! cheer up!!!:.. http://tr.im/nAqK
Sickk   doing spot for elementry school thing. i want people to sleep over   fuck being sick 
@jojojb yeah so i guess im not going. i really want to though. i keep finding out more and more people that are going!!! 
false alarm.  tan has plans. was gonna surprise. guess its superheros and order up a pie with the little people!
@TwilightKiera hey again =] haha i only have 72  follow me people!!! lol!! thanks 2 all my followers! i love u  lol
OH and btw! the party went.... okay. There werent people at my age. there were only 7 year old girls, or 16 / 18. no one at my age (12). 
i hateee cleaning  esp. when people say that i havent done anything
these people love playing with our minds. it is NOT right. i don't care about dominic's new character, i wanted charlie pace back! 
I keep deleting alot of followers cause something isn't right with their profiles...I don't like dead weight  I want real people
3 days to go... I am going to miss my fucking people 
@TomFelton The code on that page is crap and so is the server. You wouldn't believe the trouble some people have loading it. 
@JLMoney   grr....   there's only a couple people here now anyways...later is when it'll be poppppppin.
@nancyadoresjon yeah tell the whole world your idea! your screwed now!  people steal, how many times i gotta tell u?????
@SofiAlesia ...show  It was sad but I had 15 other people over so we went over to the park in our neighborhood and had a ton of fun!
#TRMS     all u people that she's talking 2 go time out, see a doctor get some help...dumb asshats grow a brain...that's all u getfrme
@youheardright Thanks lol i'll try the one where i give up atm because all the others is a no can do seeing as how i'm at my fathers 
I wish I could be skinny enough to look good in anything. Like those http://lookbook.nu people 
@raychulll im sad i cannot be one of those people  however, i cant feel my legs.
#DDLL was awesome but I felt really out of my league so I got terribly self-concious and didnt talk to many people 
@lamb21 I know  It's pretty crazy to think there are still people out there that still do fucked up things like that in this day and age
@CourtneySit yeah that sucks....missing out on catching up with people because of someone else 
I'm sick.. And stuck at this party with a bunch of people I don't know. I wish I was home in my own bed 
@sendchocolate - yeah, but I think some people thrive on making others feel that way... something about the internet &amp; wackos 
Guess which of these people has to sit next 2 me on the plane?   http://twitpic.com/6q74g
Just passed a sobriety check point...omg lots of people are now carless  but this is done for a reason...lots of crazy drivers everywhere!
writing the popopopiest shiat with @sierrashardae, oh and people are over &amp; my allergies are taking over me 
@lisifreak so @kristenstewart9  is not anymore kristen stewart and rob's was hacked too..  just dunno why people need to hack accounts 
my birthday is coming up wow 26... don't feel like bothering people and having one thought 
ha not going to bed....too many people wanna talk....damn i really need some followers!!!  
and has knocked 4 of his teeth out!! I dont understand why people get soo drunk that they start fights for no reason it doesnt make sense 
is wondering why it is that people who stay up late and wake up late...is it because of lack of sun...or because of lack of boyfriends 
@shaneheadboy  In the comments people are saying burn her alive.. I say burn a tiny bit of her skin everyday for as long as she lives
@pilgrimfamilyuk really bad isn't it - no notice or anything - thought the whole point was that people were able to talk to each other 
ugh its soo akward to be happy when people are depressing you 
Thats 3 people i know of who've lost a baby in the last 3 weeks. Sucks hugely 
uh man .  dropped alot of positions . from 40 to 50 . out of 89 participants 
Wishing I could go to the fire breathing thing down with the shifty people at the park that I was invited to 
@TessMorris yes having a lovely lie infor a change LOL,cause is doing really well I invited 150people yesterday and none joined gutted 
people who dont have braces your so lucky 
@emailer we are in the south and some (older white) guys think that the war is over but do not see how it is hurtful to others 
think i just changed my pic thing? but whenever i post comments to people it doesnt show it  confused! lol
what a crap rainy day  and also annoying when people don't effing text back, effers
come on vote people! tom is seriously only a few votes away from archie! 
Morning folks! Lots to do to day, so I may not be tweeting too much. 
come on vote people! tom is seriously only a few votes away from archie!  http://bit.ly/VwV6H &lt;--
at work and glad i brought the lappy cause it doesn't look like many people are out here 
People who talk about this amazing food they make then dont share it make me sad 
@jimmycarr LAWL. you never tweet people back do you  it SUCKS. coz i like you and think your really cool and tweet you ... all for nothing
I feel ya. Not at eric but people at work but i think i'd get fired  ok ttyl
@PattinsonRobT wow i heard your twitter was hacked  i dont get why people cant just appreciate things the way they are lol
all this thunder outside makes me want to get a sword and scream 'thunder, thunder, thundercats ho!' but people would look at me funny 
I had a dream i was an x man and i was super strong, but people made fun of me cause i was a total bottom... Meanies 
i know being funky fresh is a good thing ....... but it has to be bad when people are &quot;freshly funky&quot; 
knows his life sucks because the people at hte coffee shop are telling him he works too much 
@terrirodriguez where r all the nice ppl? The folks I've met recently are all pushy 
Wants more people to get twitter cos no one I know has it 
@4goggas I know, I would love to get together with some people to create a #frog user community away from frog, seems a bit dense there 
nobody carries pants for short slim people 
goodbye common people  I will dance like a knob everywhere in your memory
is sick of people that lie to get something they cant have. its not fair. i feel used.  
reading some news about mexico vs el salvador... i saw people from salvador think than we are sick 
@ttd84 exactly what it sounds like! sounds sexy, right? :o i mostly do it on post-lipo people 
people r complicated......... u think everythings fine but then u remember this is life not a happy ever after fairy tale 
EWWWWWWWW dead people all over the place  making me sick  there are backpacks hanging from the cieling and stuff, with bodies attached!!
Dance was fun! I don't care what others think. I had a good time. I'm going to miss a lot of people!!   &lt;3
I need some entertainment... Not a lot of people online and it's crap on TV 
@lucypaw the whole thing is fucked. What's really sad though is a lot of people *do* think like that about their kids. 
Wow,there r a lot of hockey people on twitter that r fakes 
is think y r some people so sad 2 give u crap n make things up about u when they dnt even no u  x
@hollie__ awwww yeah! I do like a few people, but mehness. 
Still at home, in dire need of more new tunes. You can only listen to TFNB for so long. I'm missing people. 
watch what u say to people, it can come back and bite u in the hiney! i'm done wit U!!! u are stupid and immature 
well im glad some people are &quot;so&quot; busy they dont have time to talk to me  freakin sucks
it better not rain WTF. what a way to damper the party  please pray for me people
Why does everyone have to be gay lately  where all the straight sexy people at.
bit of a crappy day. woke up too late. and i miss a ton of people. 
okay soo...im a very jealous person...kill me. it sucks to se the one you love/like in another persons arms...even if it means &quot;nothing: 
adam went to go get food and people just came and sat down next to me. i think they think i am sitting alone with four beers 
im irritated that i wake up grumpy sometimes for no reason and get into fights with people i dont want to. 
@ordcaptk I hate to see these reports.   Especially with kids in the service...but it's horrible anyway you look at it.
@sunniebridges nooooooooooooooo hide her away and hide yourself too and dont open the door when people come and postpone!!! 
@madam_mina  I hope it's not my fault that u hate people.
@alexalltimelow your songs ar being leaked? stoopid people cant wait 
What a shitty day  ugh I need new friends and new life and new everything cuz people just don't fuckin appreciate the shit you do for them
and I can`t figure out where the at sign is on french keyboards so i can`t reply to people 
@mina_version wish I could too. Too many people like that guy in the world. 
all this hate makes me a sad panda.  @trent_reznor and @mariqueen good luck, these people are fucking nuts!
some people are so lucky for the lives they have, im so jealous for example mley cyrus: writing songs with nick jonas how lucky are they 
I'm done with secrets and crap. Friends and drama are dumb. No more people for me 
@marialpp yeah! Its a race which its people has dark skin! Lol I really hate that, eto.. I swim twice a week then it makes my skin darker 
@the4thlorelai that fire does sound awful!  i'm sorry. and yeah, i hate people who are bitchy on the phone and make me cranky. &gt;
Watching heavy metal with sum cool people rite now. Wish jake was here tho. 
@ChrisTheEpic:  I direct messaged youuu, people get mad at me for posting to many status. lmao.
@LilPecan TweetGrid is a beautiful thing...can watch several people getting foul with one another at once...I'm out of popcorn though 
2000 people died on  that beach ... just think how that must of been ..like to see the see red with all that blood ... how sad war is .. 
ah drunk and playing with new phone. kind of frustrated with everyone again , oh well same old same old , people dont change 
@trent_reznor people are assholes  I like your tweets, I'm gonna Velocirape that guy right in the face! yeeeeah 
it's no fun when you're drunk alone. some people are just party poopers 
My LS' think I have an ignorant laugh, is this true people? 
hates williamdtown station..creepy people everywhere and its getting dark 
sucks at keeping up with people... and will soon be another faceless person... forgotten 
Morning everyone *yawn* back to work until 4pm  hope other people have better days planned?
@maryxbaby nope! When I went back in search for you &amp; RJay, I couldn't find you guys! two other people as well   ill give it next time!
just finished sanitizing everything. one polydactyl kitten had parvo... he died earlier today  i am so heartbroken. two others r at risk.
@daveellis0808 Some drivers really are morons 
@mppareto probably a combination of things... I don't believe in any bomb. I knew some people in the plane  a tragedy...
gosh, this makes me sade when I see the people which are doing a hungerstrike to stop the war in sri lanka  help to stop this crazy war!
gosh, this makes me sad when I see the people who are doing a hungerstrike to stop the war in sri lanka  help to stop this crazy war!!! 
I am about to, hopefully, load my pic to come in the icon!! I just heard that a lot of people were killed   that can not be good! oh no!!
@dip_c u don't get people like that anymore 
@schaeferj89 no  im in such a bad mood and people keep making it worse  i need a hug! &lt;3
ok i completely dont understand why people behave like shit to each other! 
there so many people tweeting #KEVINJONAS how come hes not getting into the trending topics ? 
there so many people tweeting #KEVINJONAS how come hes not getting into the trending topics ? 
there so many people tweeting #KEVINJONAS how come hes not getting into the trending topics ? 
@judez_xo awh  yeah ive had alot of people say stuff similar to that, i need to take notice... its also my self-confidence that doesnt+
hates saying good-bye to the people he loves. 
i feel like i lost all my friends. i miss the old them. how i wish we could just go back to being the crazy immature funny people again. 
@xprincessxkrisx cause i was afraid bout mine but i put my real one and others say the one that is mine is fake  but that is truely me
sundays depress me.. is the economic crisis really so bad that people can only access the internet from work? 
what is this &quot;5h ago&quot; on the time of last tweet (seesmic desktop). god these people hav used latin and greek! 
new version of msn messenger wants to play cupid; people are no longer 'online', they're 'available'. although some say they're 'busy' 
@tallthingeek Thanks fella  bleurgh! I have a thing about contacts... i cant even look at people touching their eye let alone those! 
@tommcfly plz look! you answear lot of people and all i ask is to say what you think &gt; http://www.twitpic.com/5f9e1 x stop ignoring me! 
people in oakland looking for something cool to do should go to the monthly alameda antique fair today. it rules (I can't go this time  )
@LucyMarie85 i know some people are really horrible and rude  you're v.clever don't worry they're just idiots!xx
@efua_ainu lucky u lol others aint  it sucks tbh wubu2
@rideworthwhile it's up to you, though i don't like the place much just now. It's all very negative and full of annoying people. 
@Lynnesse2  I've been jailed too   We must be too talkative.  I thought that was the whole idea though, get people talking... *Rolls eyes*
just got really annoyed, fck people use your brains, at work till 8 so brutal 
@joelawfulshow  well lets hope for the best, people in the medical field are smart creatures
@delic8genius did the blind search site go down? I just tweeted for folks to go try it out.  #blindsearch
I feel like all people have lost respect for me...this fucking blows. 
its amazing to me how people can still be racist in this day in age. i guess i really never noticed until lastnight 
@PercythePigeon bullying does happen to all ages - plenty of people at work get bullied by colleagues 
ugh....in a bad mood still....guess my nap didn't help any  do people ever stop expecting me to do everything for them?!?!?!
i can be a people pleaser at times....leavin me out of the equation 
@fashion081 girllll love story i'm not even going anymore too many indecisive people cant function like that 
@CodaQueen oh no I think I'm one of those people I have a missed +44 call 
@IndiraDammu yes, yes I really do miss it.  I don't think it will ever be acceptable to live with so many people...so sad.. 
How frustrating and painful it is to bring good news of jesus to people inoculated by religion... miss authentic gospel community. 
@Scandalous a land of beautiful people - shame about the language - It isn't very pleasing on the ear 
thinks its creepy how people can so easily lie on the internet 
How the hell did siovash survive the public vote...I feel bad for her 
is sick with da flu  it seems like a lot of people have been sick lately!!! ):
i got this weird feeling the people are tryna make decisions for me w/o consultin me 
@jfagras @curtisrmiller just found out people still hand out after brentbarger church on sunday...i just dont get invited  #lovecanton
@scotclans thats what happens when people think votings not important I was once again forced to explain why they should vote to my mates 
okay, planning a road trip sucks. seems most of the people i know aren't &quot;along&quot; the way and in states clumped together. 
@JazzaJohn I agree on everything you've tweeted in the past few hours. I can't believe that many British people voted for hate not hope 
Just got back from st louis, now working at family video cuz i have to  dumb people
i got excited that britney spears was following me on here. then realised i was among 300,000+ others  not feeling so special anymore.
@JustinMGaston i hope thats not cus of mean people  people shud give u a break! ur a nice guy u havent done nythin wrong!
im sorry for people that don't follow that many folk and i fill their page thing :| just for tonight! i need to clear my page of @replies 
looking up very bad jokes and telling them to msn ppl... i mean person 
No matter where u go there's people asking for money......sad 
@curvature tell nimi I'd love to kick his ass on gh but I only have the wii.. so I cant play against people of different consoles.. 
@tina_marie00 you shouldn't send random messages to people without explaining yourself?  how am i supposed to know what's wrong?
Why does bubblegum chapstick have to taste sooo good?!  And why do people feel the need to conform to society...it makes me sick. bleh....
@flalalala !  coz i dont know if people mean what they say or they say things just for the sake of it.
Why do people think its okay to take out their jewelry to clean new piercings 
my dog is sick.  im going to do the @Mileycyrus thing &amp; ask people to please pray for her.
@ladychellez oh...be careful out there chellez...people are real funnystyle.. hope it's no one psycho.. 
A house fulla people and I can't get one person 2 play cards with me?? This makes me too sad 
@sara_underwood  Some people will tweet to anything. But poop, I don't know  
tony awards! good thing I know the best musical already...thanks tony people for texting me as the show started 
@GayProudNSexy thats what i mean! but my cousin of all people. 16. is acting so superficial. he's a smart kid. but he's not listening. 
crazy people are still dying of bubonic plague in us. poor kid  its treatable too, wonder if it went unnoticed or turned septic.
@coke_drinker I regularly remind people that it does not serve the needs of the deaf-blind and they're still discriminating in that area. 
@macklesD that sucks.  his job should pretty much be where he gets time away from people.  except when he's selling tickets or something.
yeah people can't sleep  it's killing me!
@ddlovato get better demi!  i hate when people dont feel good!!
it scares me that theres actually a T.V. show on not knowing you're pregnant..how many people could possibly be unaware of such a thing?? 
hmm. idk, i think it might.  i just discovered this wonderful little tool. you can im other people with the internet. i have unlimited...
what it was on there  then he said study for cells and they werent on there :@ ha, how did everyone else thing they went today?
wth, how do people type so slow?  it saddens me, really.
Wow my lakers!!! Lol too bad some people destroy the celebration  they miss the whole point. Congrats to my team!
haha...i keep talking to people but no one reply me back...! it's sucks!!! obviously....to bad i'm not artist i guess... 
@MzLdy2U people change and alot of the time it isnt always for the better 
@hammedsirleaf no,  i wish he was lol so than we would have five lame people up lol jk
@The_cobra666 @opinion8ed_dyke  yeah but this is insane... and apparently some people have taken an interest in my whereabouts.... 
One of many people who is missing @sk8mate and his updates.. 
angry at so called 'friends'....30 people on facebook and no one offered to help me with my maths problem!!! 
Not only porn companies but also 'get rich quick' people. I am being tricked into thinking I am popular and loved but really I am a loser 
lost about 10 followers today  guess they don't like me talking about my classmates poor fashion sense and #sweatyprofessor
@emmaarrr i did the same thing. i stood in front of it, and tried to decide what other people would say about it. lol 
Driving my grandmother around to find a new car today. And being angry all day bc somr people totally ruin things for me. 
I just Don't understand how the hell others really work (do they really do??) in such a hot enviro 
@AmyKake i feel like im the only one paying attention among the people i know     everyone gets confused because i start grrring at the tv
i HATE my house!! it's ridiculas, and whats worse is people allow us to live in something that is falling apart, litterally!!  its freezin
@stizzzah its like the most ridiculous episode ever. those people are so gross. haha. also, im sad cause kate's visit just ended 
@ElainaDanielle im so sad! all these people are asking me to go to warped and i have to say no     idk what bands are playing in tornonto
i know a lot of ppl didnt think usher &amp;tameka would mk it but im still saddened bcuz another family is left broken especially w/ the kids 
that was one awesome thunder storm. people keep asking me if i was struck by lightning. did i look weird today or something 
I love how 95% of the people who bought prototype for pc are having severe performance issues. No patch yet 
why the hell do people have to make things harder than they acually are :@ 
everyones stomach seems to be hurtin! whats going on... get well soon people!  *love all around*
ohhh nooooooo. how do i message people on this damm site 
@ImGingerSmith people are &quot;okay&quot; with it cuz they think they have a voice/vote/choice. But they don't. 
@selenagomez http://twitpic.com/701i5 - sorry but i dont like u  people, dont hate me pls! its just that im a @mileycyrus fan and i kn ...
@NLPride08 i think you can figure it out for your self by my las twitter...  i'm not much of a phone person... and thats my whole job here
 i don't wanna work, hope fun people are working
@DavidT2006 Lots of people seem to be having problems, the internet is broke! 
got a cold.  but had a goood time at swimming even tho them people do not know when to stop! :@
@paulson500 we've got people packing for us tomorrow, still a mess though 
its depressing that while my friends are comforting me, @brianlogandales is telling people to vote for teen choice awards   
@paulabdulfan haha lol, twittering and looking what people are writing about paula, that she's leaving and stuff   u??
@mathildepiard maybe we need to get people together for a little tea meetup there sometime. sounds fun, but i'm working tonight 
Someone your missing realized today how much they want to be with u  (dont ignore ok)  send to ten people and watch who calls.
this yahoomail messenger thing is killing me softly. no, i don't want to chat, people on my yahoo list. i just want to check my e-mail. 
@_faeriequeen the post show talk better be good next week I feel like we're the last people to see this 
Why dey tired of me talkin shit at work!!! I can't help it when dumB people piss me off sats what happens!!! 
@SwoonForMe yes.  she was prank calling people.
really? REALLY? What a monday, I have started to lose patience with these people 
guess truth isn't popular    it takes more to make some people happy
A teacher who is known for making people re-do their paperwork just gave me an excellent evaluation of mine...win!  Now back to studying. 
people what happend to all the love i miss it 
Wow sum1 jus said they like watchn girls on vh1 trying 2 fuck the guys on the datn shows more than cn them tryna b better people..wow  sad
i hate when gay store people follow the rules! grrr! i dont want to wait til tomorrow! thats too far awayyy. 
i hate when gay store people follow the rules! grrr! i dont want to wait til tomorrow. it's too far awayyy. 
I think people that work at dmv hate their jobs 
@pink82 yall are crazy lol!! the sad thing.. i've  heard people that actually sound like that in choirs 
I'm stressing like crazy  It sucks cause this kind of crap only happens to people like me.
so this is kind of gross:  I find attractive people on a website and they're like fifteen. I feel so disgusted with myself 
@carbonleaf That's just adding insult to injury... but loan people suck. 
wants to know why all of these people are tweeting links and not just stuff? And why no one(but two people)are following me? 
British people make everything better......(: I really wish I had a British accent.  but no...I'm stuck with a loser american accent... =P
@anijen21 lol no I wish I was so connected I could give people free cinemax  the job is alright, I watched some ok movies today.
@normalovesaa aww... i think i'm gonna cry  reading what people write in the yearbook does NOT help at all :/
@k4thyy sorry about not getting you guys drinks  the people i was working with are super by the book.
general plea to all marketing departments - can somebody give someone an advertising brief - the kids are looking malnourished atm 
Oh my gosh. I am so good at making people hate me 
Yikes found myself having to actually block some people tonight. Who the heck are these 'Nasty Girls' ?   
in one of those gloomy moods   dont feel like doin much . Almost feelin sorry for myself but tryin to remember people have it worse th ...
even with 41 people recieving my tweets i still don't hear any word from any of them.  it's official. everyone hates me.
I know I'm drunk when I'm seeing double ha lol escape reality folks lol it sucks 
ugh my connection dropped and fucked up the uploadin #genesis but i see others are scrambling to upload sorry guys 
ppl everyone who writes music wut do u personally do to get over ur writers block?? i swear i dun had like a 2 month block.  sad right lol
@amytobiko i think it's a way to rank people   we need to have dim sum at sino again!
@aplusk yeah right!! This election was so rigged it stinks! I feel so bad for the people who are getting beaten up 
Morning people... In fever.. head aching like hell, eyes paining.. what more could i ask for.... 
@briannahyacinth I was really bummed out. When I read &quot;black music that black people don't like anymore&quot; it described me perfectly  lol
gay people having culture shock at pride makes me sad 
i am not a fan of not being able to say goodnight to people.  oh well. i am happy inside.
oh man, so tired now  25m went good, 10m couldve been better. sucks having to sub in people.
there are helicopters and cops everyone around my neighborhood. rumors of robberies lately...scary  
irritated... cant trust people. mofos be on some bs 
I wonder if all these companies and people adding me think I'm going to buy crap from them  don't forget www.aheadofthetimes.co.uk today
keeping my fingers crossed. amazing to see lots of hashtags in different languages... sorry folks.. I wish I could be more proactive....  
Oh yeah...I did it.  Now, why am I not getting other people's updates??? 
@JLSOfficial LOL you guys are funny haha! I wasnt there but I feel sorry for the people that were  hope its not like that thursday  xx
i want to go to bali not to singapore  i hope singapore is like bali on this vacation.because every people go to bali urgh hate this part
Oh not feeling well now... i wonder if people in other countries go to cram school as much as we do in taiwan? i really dislike chemistry 
Is needing girlie fun..trying to arrange it with two people who live at opposite ends of the country is a damn nightmare,and not do-able 
@NancyEDunne yeah stupid academics think admin people are retarded or something... my eyes hurt 
@tyroga goddam! goes to show that humans as a race have such a long way to go to overcome small-mindedness. makes me ashamed of people. 
@jennifermilano not yet; glad you like www.kayak.com/team/ - some folks think our hotness filter (random) should be removed 
@RaspberryHatter yeah i hate that people can be like that  it was actually horrible. and so young.. i sound heaps old now haha.
@lxwoudtoo no idea. at all. hahaha ill just see it on friday. oh my to see people in the outside world again. im aching for company 
in-laws over for a surprise dinner - no that i mind as they are pretty cool people.  still means no work for me tonight 
The future people! Although I really wish my grandad had that available a few yrs ago so he didnt have to do radiation 
@bexiclepop im on my own which maybe isnt a good thing lol no animals or vets to even talk to 
omg you have to watch it, but the season's over  its about these people in the frat/sorority system and their lives together. its so cute.
why do people talk shit when i have a headache? i swear, they dont talk for ages and as soon as my head hurts it blahblahblah. stfu! 
Man I suck at drawing any kind of icon that involves people 
@rachmurrayX i know  i  was gutted. but i had to go in. and i didnt wanna just walk out and look for people incase no one recognised me
@divadoll123 ppl want everyone to be equal, but their definition of equality is not a prosperous one, it is a poor, unmotivating one, 
jesus christ people quit canceling on hyperfest!!!!!!!!!!!!! why is no one camping out friday 
@elmi  I said yes but in the end they didnt need to take me up on my offer cos some people didnt pitch 
@tammielynne if i were u i'd go around rubbing up against people. i'm a terrible sick person, if i feel crap so shud every1 else. 
I have my headphones on and a book out, yet two people have felt the need to small talk 
@T_ScottJr I was swamped by 5,000 people .. I didn't get to see a lot of my friends. It sucked. I missed out on photo ops and everything. 
I need people to keep the blog updated whilst we're away, if you're interested, let me know! I didn't get a reply from anyone else 
#squarespace there's a lotta people squarespacing...starting to think I might go buy a lottery ticket and buy an iphone with the winnings 
@kissmyaster  It's true...though it's mainly nursing homes. And old people that try to kiss me on the cheek...
needs to hurry up &amp; get a blackberry to twitter. why are men confusing people!!...damn im falling for you!!!!!!  x
two huge fat people next to me and I mean morbidly obese. fucking sad face 
having pink eye is the most terrible thing ever, seriously  since I can't have contact with people, text me: 941 468 6778
ugh.im sad.kinda depressed.and...the only person that always makes me feel better is hundreds of miles away 
Y is summer being boring  and y dont people text back :|
@timothylebron it fooled a lot of people! even professionals-http://tinyurl.com/n4mcvm they wouldnt be allowed to be so take such a side 
@mishadee17 lmao ive applied like 12 too and i cant get one either it sucks  its cuz nobody wants to hire people just for summer anymore
@shanesuiter I'm sorry you are having issues with people on the phones, I deal with that all the time, but on the other side of the line 
I miss you so much ...please people wish me good luck! i really really want to be able to see him on saturay night!!! 
@jcroft I can't tonite  I have people coming over for house stuff (agent,  etc) . I'm in for tomorrow for sure!!!
@thetoughsams we were thinking 2 vs 1 but that 3rd person drinking is a good idea! neighbors here are kinda sketchy, I wish they were hot 
@skinnymarie yeah we need both but love just make me hurt. you know people who i love 
oh lifes great. 2 people i know have died, 2 have cancer and are in the hospital , one has brain damage ....... 
What the heck im getting late tweets on my phone and too many people are sad, makes me sad 
@ms_annette I wish I knew the answer to that! I've had my fair share of idiot moments. However, I run into unpleasant matters with women. 
@britttnicole I'm sorry. know how it feels.  people change - friendships just have a natural cycle. don't b to hard on yourself.
I think its rude for people to call other people sickening...   hahaha boo you dez
ughhh i feel so full my recruiter ordered 100 wings for 7 people and a whole bunch of other stuff! He made us eat till we puked literally 
 wish people didnt make stupid mistakes like you did....all i need now is a bottle of wine and curl up in a blanket on my own
Thanks for having my back @marleypresswood against stupid people. I hate boys 
camp is so boring, i rather watch paint dry.. got to sit and watch other people play football cos of injured foot. 
@bradiewebbstack what happened to calling people at 3?  i have stupid school stuff at 4
@treitnauer well I was trying to see if people wanted to go see Transformers next week, but nobody seemed to care 
man the swine flu is gettin worse and my city got the worse cases.  the 4th person just died from it today.
@flygirl737700 What's worse is hearing our own pilots complaining about not having young, pretty females as their crew! 
and now i can't seem to find all the people i am following in the #mixero contact search.  That's a biggie
is tryin to figure out this twitter malarkey and misses certain people alot 
@ryannai yeah tho someone said the freight was in the hundreds of dollars for some reason. plus they have no stock  keep hunting...
wakey wakey people, early to rise and off to work now 
check out my new profile pic people, didnt take me that long to do but that circular thing on face is annoying me 
so fucking annoyed. so much for thinking people are nice. fuck off i hate you and your distance time graphs ! 
hay .. doing things right makes you the wrong person pa ... 
So please don't wear masks, and tell as much people as you know 
feeling shitty and alone... i hate when people leave... I have daddy issues &amp; I need a hug  happy? i admitted it: I'm not so perfect
@ChameleonRoss it's a shame when people won't stretch to 1.50 for a charity, esp when they're getting something they want in return 
I'm hoping everyone's emails about the shopping trolley came through ok, some servers don't seems to have supported it properly 
@ millionaire auditions.  lots of people.  will feel like a chump if i dont pass the test.  forgot a mechanical pencil--no xwords.  
@SandiMon yer, working for others too  try another browser maybe?
why dont you find your own style? your own trademark? rather than following people's its kinda annoying 
@dawnd66 I had none!!! I'm surrounded by sick people at work *slaps them all* I've been religiously taking vitamins &amp; eating well 
End of year show yesterday, was good, apart from the fact that people kept stealing the damn business cards i made! Only 3 left from 10 
@jimmycarr exactly! we cant let them use new technology for something useful, thats when it all turns to dust and the cool people leave 
aw thanks em, but people are tweeting but nothing is coming to my phone 
@getfollowed3 typical way of getting money of people on the net, tell ppl its free, but a lot better if they pay for it 
is trying to add people to her twitter so annoying that i can not find anybody  xx#
Apologies for lack of resposnes to the @ replies people I hadn't been notified and now I feel bad as I didn't see them 
@swisssushi thats not fair, excluding people like that 
@minnaeii thats very true na! people cant come to peace 
iphone, down. don't update to 3.0 yet people. 
@lates i want to so that with a lot of people on facebook but worry they'll notice   some are scary !
right now i am wallowing in my self pity that people are enjoying murrayfield &amp; im stuck in borin smelly lennoxtown  not amused!!
 shane cried  ...a lot of people don't have dads tho
@soapsindepthabc i don't like either really, write for other people for a change  tired of zendal and ryan blah!
plus @lildavpot i aint stalking, i think people like @thisisdavina deserve respect!!!! why are we called the lost generation then????? 
@Robertodoherty lol oh poor guy  still though the pic speaks a thousand words, he's ruined 4 life  lol
@rachel_am_i poor thing! I got mine right at 1:12..there are sooo many people who are downloading it so it  might take a while 
doesn't understand why people she doesn't know are following her...? don't understand twitter 
@ms_adri_luvmphs I thought I was the only one thinkin that!!! Some people just lost the following of greatness  not enough trendsettin!
The wifi is so much better now could that be because everyone is leaving  lots of ppl have already gone to #rsmith hotel
I don't like these &quot;get me x followers!&quot; campaigns because it treats people like numbers.  (via @feliciaday)
oh man, 138 people, 117 was too much for me  gonna be cutting back I think :')
I don't like these &quot;get me x followers!&quot; campaigns because it treats people like numbers.  (via @feliciaday) I agree.
@GrinninGramma  I have a lot of people basically spamming me with &quot;get X amount of followers a day....&quot;  I wanted to get rid of them.  
wondering why people dont like me, I'm funny and really kind do everything 4others without asking for anything in return  is it worth it?
We barter in beer! &gt; problem fixing other people's computer... they never want to give you any money for doing so.  (via @mana_junkie)
@yikes77 are you giving up book drive due to 5*?..I got picked too but have 5*..so far 8 people in same situation 
Feeling a little neglected by people today, which is not a good feeling. I need some love...or at least a hug! 
I feel like crap. :/ it could be because i made one of the the people who still care about me feel the same way. 
@tweetdeck broken for me. only pulling last 100 people followed into edit group list. pleeeease fix! 
@GFillustrator Yes, please do.  The people who seem to be sending the msg. have no idea it's been sent from their acct.  
@juliiiek I sent a message and now I'm just waiting on a reply.  I hate how people are able to do mean stuff like that!!
@MoTancharoen I hate it when people leak spoilery stuff - hurts everyone 
@ohHEYkim like she wears slutty clothes and acts slutty.? whats her last name? i forgot. i cant believe how much people change!!! its sad 
stress bites your balls  so does always worrying about others happiness and focusing on yours last. lameee..
Missing the people I love so very much, and cant see anymore!  I need them now more than ever.
@juicystar007 nooo blair, your way too pretty already and so many people would kill for your hair 
i dont want hear more people scream!   fight sucks!
I wish I didn't feel like shit again because I could have been out with awesome people right now. 
Trying to figure out this facebook ish and  I see that most of the people that I attended high school with are married 
@nodoubtvw I would have a mullet if I could... a curly black people kind with venetian shades like kanye... my dream 
The only people on my block that make any noise happen to live right across the street from me 
ok i LOVE twitter , but i wish some people wouldnt have the most cryptic tweets ever 
why does bad crap happen to good people,and they think they're to blame because of it 
i miss all the cool people when they stream live on ustream. first ice-t and now jim jones  bummed.
once again...shout out 2 pap north and former pap north people. i miss u guys. 
Some people call it child-ish, but this is my way of letting you know I'm done since I cant ever get myself to do it  in person...(yea u 
im so sick of people hating for no reason and i wish i didnt take it so personally 
cant believe how superficial, judgmental, and ignorant most people are now... makes for a very lonely girl   thank god for family!
people doesnt know how to have real fun, now fun means goin to night clubs 
hello people. im here in our lab. its freezing here and its so cooldddd. 
school been alright so far. still cant help thinking of the people i left behind tho 
i can't believe i miss @IamSpectacular freak hour and i heard he was calling people aww man  i'm sad now i just wanna cry
whats the difference between the wordd women and the word woman lol everyone corrects me on it but i never get it 
@rhea_ann Totally...but I did read this bizarre article saying that people of Indian ethnicity are getting harassed? I was saddened 
@burningSunset  i guess. but when people see gokey, they're gonna think danny gokey. not the gokey family. iunno. sucks :T
How do people manage to wear rings all the time?.. I am so fidgety, dunno how long i can wear this thingy 
@MichaelScott_14 no problem, those pics are amazing! I can't imagine what it must be like for those people over there 
ok, so far so good. just entered cambridgeshire amd we havnt talked to any english people yet. still about 9ish hours to go 
@ENTERSHIKARI the northern people of europe want you..  stockholm/helsinki/tallinn. coooome here. pretty please.
i am just saddened  3 people are awake. lul the rest might be awake thanks to me. but man, i need a new plan lol
I need to calm the fuck down! I'm really not being a nice person  I want to sort things out with mum.
Why oh why does @wossy never respond to me. Some people get numerous wossy tweets but me?- nada! So sad 
comon people dose no 1 want to talk to me 
my friend making fun of tweeter saying people normally talk : I am feeling sleepy, I am hungry etc etc...  what's the use 
@Noodles83 yeah perhaps...its funny i notice alot of people do it also...cant believe you just had to breakup with someone 
@cutestmidget oh how i wish i could drink wine at lunch! I am surrounded by people that dont drink, ever. 
@momebie  those citizens have amazing courage--I hope it makes difference and gives them the change they want.
people who own a washing machine don't realize how lucky they are... my back hurts 
have to get ready and go to work  what a pain, i hate work.... people can be so stupid, retail sucks...
@stuartmcintyre Does this mean we'll have people shouting track names at their phones on the train now ........... great! 
was invited 2 attend dj courses! the perks of life. .so y cant i be just excited bout everything else  advice needed people
@justinechan yes haha i watched it last night. its okay i cried even though i knew people told me what happens at the end. it was sad 
Why is it me that's in the wrong for doin fuck all! i don't get people sometimes  why as soon as i cheer up, i get knocked back down?
What the shizz man!! I couldn't get any sleep because people kept texting me about stupid crazp  now I'm gonna be grumpy all day
I was born 500 years to early. I'll never know the joy of sacking a city &amp; putting the ppl to the sword &amp; the torch to evrything else. 
@thehivemind yea I guess as people grow &amp; mature sometimes the zoo doesn't seem as appealing to them as it once did! 
@RaulDore oddly people do ask me that a LOT  hehe
is finding the problem with editing a left mag is that people keep dying off and there's not enough space for obituaries 
The one thing I hate about being sick...getting other people sick. 
@DrivingMN  ya it was fun too bad I didnt win the pre-screening tickets though  all the people who won didn't even stay the whole movie
I hope I get to see certain people when I go home tomorrow especially my lil bros! 
I always gety funny looks from people when I wear the dogs lead as a necklace 
Man more people losing everything. This world is getting depressing. 
@BoomBoomBetty i hate that people get so out of control that any regard for another's well being goes straight out the window. 
:/ bored of house work!  Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I hate some people  nothing loud music cant solve.....
feeling a little lost.....also don't like the way I get spoken to by certain people, kinda unfair 
i wanna be famous so bad all my friends say im funny and theres a lot of undiscoverd people and im one of them!    
On my way yo work. I'm glad I resigned, 75 people are set to be fired this week alone 
thinks that this may be an outlet for a lot of freaky people... not the good one's either 
@Dwighthoward i probably wouldn't.  just because i would be leaving A LOT of amazing people behind 
ok enough laughing at peoples misfortunes. time to send people to baycorp  worst part of my job.
People who arent scared of noises will think im stupid..but its just like being scared of spiders..but worse; you cant avoid them 
stood on glass in asda and cut my foot open  it was bleeding everywhere, people were staring haha. think im gunna claim compensation? :L
i think that twitter rocks, but perhaps people shldnt  forget about their other pages and update them sometimes too...  missing more info
What the fuck is with people calling me sexy, i am not pretty or hot or sexy. 
@mileycyrus  It's to bad that not much people know those words..  But this is world in our time.. xoxo
dammit people I need help, I've forgotten what it feels like to be drunk 
why oh why are there people in the world like that................... 
@fakeplasticliz I know I know. It was a very last minute thing and I didn't want to let 80 people know and not see half of them. I sorry! 
@supernovakgirl sorry to hear that people in texas tend to be very southern. 
@bwsapparel theres no women clothing an i wanted to place an order   when are u updating?
i have problems sleeping at nyt. i knda disturb other people 
My cc# got scammed and used on the internet  bastards-all that energy towards scamming folks could be spent making legit $$
BED! it's 2am  this is bad crack people! however TomFelton is on 8 out of 10 cats next week.. buzzin!
Doesn't appreciate when people call her at 2am to call her calamity mez have a nose bleed nd hang up 
@HaidenJameson I hate twitter  i have weird people following me, i had a britney sex tape one?
Fine. How about fuck you guys, I'm going live anyway....please come!  http://www.blogtv.com/people/mightbemarissa
work is a ghoast town...boss is away and its a friday...only the people who have to be here...are here 
i guess free beer, free food and free go kart racing isn't enought to get many people to hang out with me. or listen to my shitty band. 
@aplusk sometimes they even take advantage of that....so hard to have people involved in ur life someytimes 
I'm not sure about this twitter thing. I don't like these people I don't know trying to follow me. 
Why do all the people who work at apple make me feel lile a dum dum when I ask them questions? 
kinda bummed, got home  late &amp; didn't get a chance to go for my run.  I always feel like people r watching my ass jiggle when I jog
@mikequad thanks mike, it got better. just lots of people demanding things from me all at once.  hopefully tomorrow's less hectic.
I always get excited when people I don't know follow my twitter, like, &quot;ooh, new cool people!&quot; - but it's sad when it's just spam 
@daniweezy well my dads shutting mine off  and I have no clue how I'm going to get in contact with people.
i want to search with jb stuff and tell people about it but no ones talking to me 
come to @cynbin20's blogtv show ok? i am also there. laying. tummy ache ftl  www.blogtv.com/people/cynbin20
understands now why unknown &quot;people&quot; are following me... sorry folks... law students have no money to buy your love 
@iaindodsworth With all the starving people in the world this regular willful waste is sickening. Just unbelievable.  #screwF1
wait wait, people have already seen TRANSFORMERS!? wth! 
@ruch  ahem! kannadiga followed by a   ?  people &amp; their stereotypes...  :p
@joulesstar I know, I hope nobody searches it out now that I said something  its my birthday people!! and I am cheap 
ive been in a great mood lately. i love everyone&lt;333333 i miss a lot of people 
@TheMissKit yeah, at least i have implemented it in my life. i dont like hurting others. and thats why people laugh at me 
I don't like when people bring a subject up but don't tell you the rest cause its a secret.  it makes me sad and anxious to no.
Feels horrible when other people feel horrible and i can't do anything to help them   maybe i'll send a little prayer their way...
@green_flash you make me sad for good people. If you can't be taken care of I have no hope 
@mathkeeeed It sucks that no matter how touching the story, 95% of the time, people who do that are liars. 
fact: I have a super low tolerance for kill-joys and people w/ bad attitudes. wow, I'm a hypocrite 
I scared to follow a lot of people because my list is so interesting, I don't wanna miss anything  luhv ju guys 
Just heard a national disabled parking permit has been proposed to stop parking cheats. Sounds like some genuine people could miss out 
@peterfacinelli of course there's people in the world that ruin the fun  i wasn't at all offended, and I don't believe they were either.
@secretfanofu i just read  that sux cuz people were doin that one all night...well once he hung up &amp; started our wrath lol
amazing how people change over the course of a year  doesnt noe wut to do or believe anymore...
doesnt have people to follow  lmao that makes me sound like a stalker haha
and I'm also sad as hell that someone's daughter got shot in the face in the parking lot tonight!  damn ppl r ignorant!  tear
So the people who live above me only seem to need 6 hrs sleep, which is great for them but not for me when they are bloody noisey buggers 
I hate when people make small talk on msn to =fill the gaps, please realise this isn't working, I'm sorry I can't say it to your face 
i should do this follow friday malarkey really, lots of nice people putting me in theirs, but i keep forgetting 
@chriztinuhh imma need u to not include ur significant other every 4 tweets lauren lol us lonely people get jealous 
ohhh  i hate watching animal cops! it makes me so sad for the animals but soooo pissed at the idiot people!!
It's weird seeing people tweet so late. At first I'm like &quot;cool they're pulling an all nighter too!&quot; but then I relize the time change. 
Around 40th in line at the apple store  way more people than I would have though 5:00 am
i gotta do my job and if some people dont understand i dont know what to say. if it was my decision, i would not have coached u boo! 
i never understood the simple fact when people said that they have shit loadsa work, i can feel it now. 
@mike_online But if people they live with at home are likewise exposed, useless din quarantine, right? 
hey whats up people !! nothing excting happening on a friday night ?? 
@alpacabuyer well I thought it was interesting &amp; folks might be interested, but maybe I should just sit quitely in the corner over there 
Waiting 4 a seat at timbre w @ineedpads @Shooon @yatsoon soooo many people 
what an awful day .. got a lot of problems today .. n people seems like couldnt be a little friendly  sucks
imalexevans why do alarms always wake people up from dreams right at the good bit? 
hmmmmm hugs are soo hard to come by these days! they are free and do so much! so why do people persist to not  give them! 
@samantharonson people make stupid assumptions all the time 
@brewergnome yikes, thats why I dont visit much anymore  so said when people just dont get it
@ckstrategies ...No not sick you know...my head. I'm trying to be a good girl and listen to people bc it seems my way is making me worse 
@SongzYuuup  some people's money is more fun to make....im such a hater. hehehe....
I'm in line for the new iPhone. I'm such a geek. There's about 100 people here.... fun 
yer i know it has been ages, i know i have been very slack with catching up with people   hey how many &quot;followers&quot; do you have?
@chuyeow heh? we are supposed to keep our little secret for ourselves, people will flock to the place, how can we do our private stuff 
the others are burnt muffins  shame!
@deidrefunk D:  yesterday no one came just a bunch of random people except my friend emily and then eventualy we just kicked everyone 
Filming right near my home. Trying to see famous people but no luck  I never have random celeb spottings
It's a bit rude that I never do a #followfriday.  Thing is... I don't know that I want to share you sexy people with anyone else 
@PopJudaica Thats good i guess since normally its people laughing at me. @struff laughs at me all the time 
is looking forward to seeing folks tonight, but has serious talking to do. 
thinks my wife has a sign on her that just begs people to take advantage of her 
@LucasBlack not the council but the animal control people  they may say poison  or trap but not sure on a working deterent (cat maybe)
kogi truck outside my client! ppl lined up in advance 
ok so I'm one of those people that loses their appetite after cooking 
is wicked sad shes not going to see the new kids tonight  people keep telling me I saw them twice already, but twice isn't enough!!!
@mcombs and here I am feeling the exact opposite... acknowledging people must be harder than advanced calculus while on a roller coaster 
@colleensimeral I'm sorry you couldn't get the lasik. that sucks.  welcome back to the blind people club!
Baiting crazy guy at work is difficult when he refuses to see the point.  Normally intelligent people with glaring logical flaws make me 
wow that grocery trip turned out costing more than I expected...oops! I wish I had more people to cook for 
the way people talk sometimes bothers me. i'm not very specific. and sorry about my tweets. i'm just so bored 
@niseag03 thats sad... people like that put a bad image on the thousands of us who carry legally and can remain level headed 
@shereemcfly09 yes yes it is &amp; there all out frinking having a laugh i never got to say goodbye to some people as well 
I'm going to miss working and talking about random crazy nerdy shit at work with some pretty chill people 
Please go back to old way you interviewed evictees..  @ThisisDavina I don't like listening to the &quot;celebs&quot; opinions, they take over it..
@Jorravanny because i'm freaking lost in duarte   im crying right now. Theres creepy people..
I want to start this whole replying thing to other people-what do I do first? I'm lost 
@courtnidgew haha me too. mostly because im not good at pretending to like people  or making useless conversation. hows the weather eh?
@bobbythomas1 LOL don't make fun of me. I like dorky, smart, clumsy people k? LOL, u just made me feel like a loser  :-p
have u ever had to take a poop at work, and forced to rush it cuz people needed u! I hate when that happens. I like taking my time 
@cesarmillan I can't believe those pinch collars are legal, do people still buy them I would never put that on my dog 
@EeskeeMO  when i say something around people they r all like &quot;u should go kill yourself&quot; 
is wondering why so many men can be interested but arent willing to commit??? does anybody understand this problem??? 
well it was a no go for the apple store because they extened the offer to people who got it a few months after but i got mine in november 
Just got out of the hot tub with the LilMama good times warm and nice but lots of people that are way too good looking 
I've seen two people with camel toe in the last hour.  hahahaha
 needs a gym buddy...asked a co-worker would she be my gb and she said no, she doesn't work out with skinny people
@kaylacelina did jonas like announce this worldwide and everyone came haha or was there 1000 people outside and were all allowed in?  
#inaperfectworld people would pay me to move my stuff. Lol #exhausted from moving all day 
uggh why did i say i would work today...tired as hell and i wana muck around here with people 
@_annee dayum, i don't get why they always go to syd and qld. people hardly come to mel, it's so tragic  i would've so jumped on his taxi!
@xbrookecorex SAME, and you too?!  we are all good people lol cmon black cloud, go away!!!
trying to watch a movie but can people are in the house uhhhhh 
It's ok. I'm a changed girl. And happy that I am. Wish people could see it 
:S all the people i care about seem to be having bad things happen, sucks 
@lilmissdainty ya, but of course, i wont' blame it all on religion.people will find a excuse elsewhere if religion is not there, to fight 
sick of rude people and feeling like an idiot for no reason, and I still miss my sisters like ridiculous 
people need to stop talking dirty on here. its gross sometimes 
@susanreynolds Yes. 1 reason I left medicine and went to tech. The kids broke my heart.  We never hear about those little fellas. sad.
@LBoogie1986 yea i think that may be him for real now i just looked but uh...he follows a lot of people so i'm not special 
need to go to jemputan later  confirm its boring cause i wont know much people . nvm i got my ipod to accompany me 
@nikifer  all the folks i play l4d with on the xbox no longer wants to play with me!! cause i ONLY use the 'mercy' map only on easy! lol
I help people with their love lifes, including my crush. It hurts a lot but I need to stand up on my own 'coz nobody won't care to help. 
All this negativity abt the economy is not doing anybody any good. 
@nadyoung why dont you go join??? We r still growing n because of time difference not many people are online. 
gosh i find it so depressing that poor rpattz cant even walk down the street anymore  i respect you, along with many others xx
@Ratspeaker Sadly people have stopped posting phoenix wright.  I miss those days.
once again its proven to me that sex ruins things and makes people act crazy.. damn. 
Drunk people are not nearly as fun when you're sober 
i love people who buy playboy 'for the articles'. i buy it for the wicked tits and ass. and the fact i believe the girls would love me 
@feblub yes it is - i think it has affected quite a few people - can't DM etc - a pain the rear to be honest! 
Still up...didnt get to the movie!  still going through music..... and lovin it.. feels good.... there are so many talented people
snuck out with michelle, people following us, scared as fuck  ugh cops
@devinalexander ahahahahah. why do you have to embarrass me in front of all these random people i don't know  jerk
@saintflowers I know  well on the community alot of people have withdrawn coz they used it, it's not worth a lawsuit lol x
I just don't understand how people can bring a convicted offender into their home with kids in the first place...it's a real shame   h ...
Off to hairdressers so no doubt it'll be raining soon...it always rains when I go to hairdressers...sorry folks 
@stevesplace xD nope, quite some people can't come, we're not enought 
@ValenciaShane there's so many unreal people out there. I ask myself the same question everyday  hope everythings good!
ehh have 2 be at alex's by 10. y do people wake up soo early??? 
and people who was suppose to tear da stage up with me can't make it so imma be up there by myself 
Is watching people pack and move things out of the house he grew up in. 
At the pool with sarahmaybee. There's alot of people here 
very suggest! i want but no one people to i meet here  all my folks are young, huhuhu  comeback to o-ce-n 
totally isn't playing habbohotel right. and totally didn't get &quot;banned&quot; temporarly for sexually harassing people  @pearled play with me!
@GoldenTouch4 oh no! I don't know what's wrong  do they have a support person you can email?
okay so at the sale it was sooooo manyyyy people ! like omg ..&amp; I only got 2tanks 
too many people, too much talking. I wanna go home 
the people that know you the best are the ones that can hurt you the most 
all those amish ppl..idkthose children/women work so hard and those guys are so mean to them shouting  so sad i think enjoy ur day ily lbf
when I first meet people its annoying, cause they wanna know my name, but they can never understand it. it makes me feel speech retarded 
Where does people's anxiety come from?  I mean, too much of that is just mind-numbing hell. 
@BrownSugarLX nothin babe  sittin here starving! no one will cook for me  sucky people! lol how are you hunnybun?
Why do I always let dumb things bother me that obviously are going to upset people I care about? I feel so stupid. 
I dont understand why god takes good people? R.I.P melissa; thinking of the martuccis 
some people are all over the place.. sort it out!  im missing a good night aswell ... 
I miss park springs and the people there already.  twas an amazing week!
ohh :@ there is loads of people in our year stitting and drinking outside ma house 
@gabrielmalor normally i'm the same way but these people are depressing me &amp; driving me up the wall. gotta get out, but i'll miss seattle 
im extremely sensitive to horrors thrillers etc so if people don't stop with deadmusic hash tag i will unfollow 
im so drained. Dads back in town, having a get together tonight with a whole bunch of people, but kailib can't come 
@ddlovato yeah! so do i, i dont belive in love anymore, people broked my heart so many times 
@sardun yeah i agree with you...they're not cosy  i know people think they're stylish but i prefer s/thing less slippery!glad you agree!
this was really a fuck day...so much people are died  #iranelection
back from bbq on beach, sad seeing as i may not see people til september  but hey.... #squarespace i may win something for once - doubt it
Man, I go to practice for a little while and I miss all the cool people on facebook chat. 
@beckie_illson I was thinking about it last night, and realised that I'm not gonna see some people again, and I had a bit of a cry 
@ddlovato are you okay  dont fear heartbreak it does nothing but make people stronger &lt;3
Whats happened to all the decent men?!!!?!? 
@AlexAllTimeLow In a helpless situation, ppl will do whatever they think might help. But, a lot are kids who are just following the trend 
Many people still don't realize that alternative treatments have proven to do nothing but suck money out of grieving people's pockets. 
@ccaiitllinn  I laugh when i hear they over my head cover &amp;nope  i was away, my friends did, and they keep remindin me, evil people haha
@socalgurl83 UGH!!! That sucks!!!! I hate when tall people get in front of me. 
@greyseer @omgitsafox I just end up being mean   I need to work on the whole &quot;girls generally don't like mean people&quot; thing 
Sucking fucking munchies and there are too many people to go got food 
bloody key card system took a shit,people cant get in,great,meens i got to let every one in tonight,bollocks.  hope iam not to far way lol
alot of people think it's a hoax, but cats and kittens are being used as live sharkbait  sad
i hope a lot of people dont unfollow me after the concerts over   im funny, i promise!
omg more and more people following me but nobody i know personally  hi though!
feeling type sick for tonight..wtf is happenin to me  pray for me people
I get the people in my mind and my coworkers  I think krista time would solve all my problems
@petrolhead62 she says now it taught her a really important lesson a lot of people under 25 are driving under any influence now 
@swayswaystacey i saw you!!!!! i didnt run away, gosh shhhh now stacey your beautiful, i'd love to look like you  heaps of people would
@ladynicolemarie yeah as women get older hopefully what they want changes but alot of times it doesnt hence the sitN @home with wine/book 
@AlexAllTimeLow i have a question: what kind of hardware and software do your lighting and sound people use daily? gotta know for hw. 
 bah, I'm getting a bit sick of people whining on the internet.
Sitting at aylas trying to find something to do tonight. im sick of flakey people  srsly hurts my feelings 
 Some people forgot, there were no gifts, went 2 bed early and sober, it rained cats, dogs, and everything between except a B-day cake!
@TheIttyBitty jeez, no need to get rude about it  the nerve of some people!
@bet33 i know or we can tell random people maybe if kristie says something but she is not on tonight!!! 
sometimes people that kiss-and-tell suck ass. 
@koolnuf4ya updating my iPhone and inviting people to twitter + don't have my usual *CUDDLER*   
just saw that lot of people have subscribed to my blog but not verified...and hence they are not getting the email 
@TheCrystalLady havent done a misi find blog in ages... i should do one. just dont like missing people out 
why do people say one thing but then do the complete opposite? it makes me feel a) worthless, b) like i'm wasting my time, and c) stupid 
can people leave comments please its looking bare my site without comments  www.zachary-kristen.com  
@blessdbrit but the music at the club was poppin but for some reason people don't dance at clubs no more.  www.youtube.com/tiffjones820
@planetbeing plzzz gv us some hint bout ultra snow... u r great people doing it for free....  wen it gonna b unleashed
feels like a shit friend. im sick of having to step carefully around people all the time 
@davidcheok the video you tweeted was disturbing  omg teruk eh all those people. im reading up about the whole incident now. omg.
It is soo mean how people keep on leaking all time low's album's :| it happened to so wrong, its right too. I feels sorry for the band 
ughhh. why cant school just fucking end already? thankgod we only have a few more days. i dislike people there and dont enjoy seeing them 
My wrist hurts from people making me carry heavy things! I'm a girl! I can't!! 
im sitting at home, eating durian while doing my malay homework and at the same time people are sacrificing their lives in iran. 
I really do wish i could disapear so people could &quot;wonder&quot; 
Just had convo w friends who lost home &amp; vehicles due to economy..sad,hardworking people never would have known.. happens, tough times. 
I hate when i give hugss to people that dont even try to hug me back. Its a waste of a good hug 
You people with Dads that are still alive, cherish all the moments. You never know when they end.  miss ya daddy
nearly dropped the wii remote in my coffee. why do people not enjoy my pouting when i look in mirrors? i cant help it 
@EmilyLovesGlee @Killax3 travis deserves someone worthy of him. and thats why i dont like people dating them.... not many girls ever are! 
is wondering if it is possible to write on therealbeach's post thing, but i dont think so  and random people are following me ? :| :o
I'm starting to get the feeling that I'm not following people that I used to follow, with no action of my own  strange
@molestarr ewww mollyyy your make me feel porly sometimes  lol  whats the strangers ? not another one of your scary moviess ?
@DeroStar @EktorOni whats with you people and cold showers? haha. they're not very penile friendly  i kid i kid
mad depressed i can't go to the mmva's tonight so many people i now can't seee ! 
I don't even get why 60 people are following meh... I'm not that cool. 
@BrownieMeg I know.  They need to be able do hav their own private lives too. Just lyk anybody else. :/
Seriously wish people would take better care of their mouth!  I'm sick of people coming in with dragon breather and nasty teeth 
@KatGirl44 exactly. all i had to do was ask for the pw. it's not like i wasn't allowed in. guess some people don't see that 
is wondering why no matter how hard she tries...shit still doesn't get better.  Why do some people not have to work for what they get?  
@philkirby It did look a mess, it made me a bit sad when I was leaving, not sure how people could just leave their mess and not care 
needs some followers and people to follow her! lmao loser 
@davidsward nope  still in your lot waiting for the national people
@TheFirstSight yeah.. coz eachers are a fools and people are stupid too.. but I wont forget my friends, the true. hooou 
@TheFirstSight people like you, each day less  i love u a lot coz u know how appreciate really frienships  guess what!? . . .
Its a shame when people have to delete their twitter for foolishness..Missing @MrCorporateUSA 
@ddlovato think it's just for a little while. imagine all the people that lost their voices permanently 
@ddlovato  feel better! don't cry, the people that matter will stick by you!
@jonasbbzx3 Awwwh  ure going to missed by lots of people  &amp; Brb xxx
@jayyyyme none of the photos people are posting work  I wanna see!
quite missing people   warnt gunner come on here on mi holiday but yano how addicted i am ahha.
@anafcardoso woow u r lucky.....noo it was awfull cuz one my friend was drank and we had a lot of problems  and there was so many people
i dont like being sad. especially over dumbass guys  i'd rather make others sad, specifically children and shitty drivers.
@troverbay21 ha, exactly! I forgot what it was called. I've already requested like 6  a bunch of his originals and others. Haha. Yay!
@amandakwalker aww im sorry  sometimes people are jerks
@sarahUSC omg i was JUST showing someone our pictures. boats, shark attacks, everythiiiiing.  miss you! how is everything???
this dc metro thing is crazy  my thoughts go out to the victims/families involved.
You know what sucks? You write to people you admire and look up to, like @nickjonas or @ddlovato, my true heroes, and they never answer 
dangit!!!!! how do i remove some people i'm following????? and how do i delete all these comments??????the help desk is not very helpful 
auuuuuuuuuuugh I am a stupid idiot who made a bunch of people download a huge file that didn't work I feel like such a horrid jerk  
@acbonds412 i know! i love you! its just other people act like they dont care  but you're amazing and we gotta hang out again!
People just dont take marriage seriously anymore... ya know 
@killerannax but i don't want to be   i want to call people whippersnappers now! it's a fun name.
@kissability &quot; the plumbers havent sent the report&quot;  waiting for my third email.....its the people upstairs, they shower 24/7 no joke 
yeah, shop is closed for the day!  not as busy as usual but the freaky weather is keeping people away 
@beckastar81 yeah its the people in my office - you wouldn't believe the things they say 
trying figure out twitter. specifically how do i add people i want 2 follow..n remove those i dont.. twitter adds and delete at will 
why are people in the interwebs being so gosh darned mean this week?  if this persists, i'm gonna need a hug soon... 
There's gotta be like 10 million people entering the squarespace competition...there's no chance I'll get one 
there's 173 people missing out on sayinf hi to me ...  well I'll get back to those who did tonight ;) still busy sorting my stuff!
omg trying to stop people from bringing my name up in conversation! i hate people knowing personal stuff about me 
i wish the pigs in egypt were going to be okay  people are cruel.
@jaz_design Sadly it's the sort of thing most people like reading about 
wtfff, twitter's gone crazy, keeps unfollowing people 
Oh gee i hate when porn people follow me....eww.  
how come everytime i get on cherrytree chat nobody talks to me?  the only ppl who talk to me is den den and maybe a few others. 
@1MiKeAlA1 yeah there are less people here  #MCRChat
@HeidiJoVT faster and ot many people like fb 
@gimmeapuck I might! Got to get some stuff done first. @PamSitaldas people suck. 
why are people such a mess? i mean really, I'm a mess and I know it but other people seem way more a mess 
@djpacd aww  it's ok a lot of people I know felt that way in college :-/ :p
@tothestage aw   i'm going to be one of the crazy people who gets up early to go.
I put an ad on craigslist for a janitorial position and a lot of people with college degrees applied... sad 
I wish I could follow people while at work. But the little button to click follow doesn't work. 
twitter just makes me wish i was with the people i am stalking  it's a very disconnected connection that it provides. yay technology! :p
@Morrica my follower and following counters are going up and down like crazy and its not keeping track of people I have followed 
I am no fan of cheap people. I have a family sitting at my bar that apparently thinks its ok to bring their own food to a restaraunt. 
i feel kind of bad for perez hilton... i know he can be rude, but people are saying really terrible and homophobic things about him 
@spadoll i hate it when that happens.  two people in particular i wrote to and never heard back from. that hurt even more.
home and bored. feel like chattin to people on msn, but no one [good] is on. 
@ alycia: hehehe,dead people scare me so verry much 
Disappointed in people who &quot;don't have the funds to see Transformers 2&quot;...guys we were supposed to be saving up for this one!!! LOL. 
@zoowar i noticed too  it's probably a combination of the two. whatever, more tickets for the people who actually believe in our team!
@karakeet yeah i know! so sad   jeeeeez. valspeak is like people from the valley, you know valley girls and valley guys? ring a bell? and.
How does it feel when you see your people dying for their freedom and here no one even knows where #iran is on the map. who cares i guess 
i really need to stop letting people treat me like poop.  
@LolaShoes and now I don't really recognize you. You blend it with the 120 other people with the robbie pics  you trying to be sly?
Why am I hated by many people? Is it because I speak my mind and don't care what yuh think? I'd really lyk to know. 
why are people so icky...? and why do they have to lie about stuff?  i need a hug...
(@kaiterpoo) why are people so icky...? and why do they have to lie about stuff?  i need a hug...
@neggii um, too many people - not enough sales. So we didn't make our quota 
@wilw It's the internet unfortunately, half the time people are either dicks to you, or are trying to spam about worthless crap. 
@anysinta : anya,hmm~i think that hyukkie is the most kind  haha~he reply my message and the others not 
@anyasinta : anya,hmm~i think that hyukkie is the most kind  haha~he reply my message and the others not 
heartbroken and tired...i hope the iranians do not suffer in vain. my heart hurts for my people  #iran #iranelection
Thinking about 140char poems and something to swap up for #tweetcamp this weekend but drawing blanks  You others doing any better?
@LucasCruikshank hahah how do people find videos like this?got anymore? It's almost 4 am and I still can't sleep 
Having to purge two-faced gossip mongers from my facebook from thousands of milesaway.   Some people have nothing better to do.
is sad because a lot of people are online but not even one says hi  http://plurk.com/p/13tb9w
@greg_kuiper couldn't get a tour, no security people able to show us around 
who goes thhrough other peoples stuff! and like narks on them  Fuccccckkk
@MattSpace09 cool, i feel not many people i know are going, besides you amber and emily  kit + kat
@mercury32 Thanks; I always hate commenting on stuff like this in case I'm not clear and offend people. And we can't warn for everything 
some people , think its ok to prod your sore mouth after an OPERATION! it hurts like mad 
Dealing with mistakes my idiots colleagues have made is draining 
Bit worried about my usability testing talk at #atmedia09 tomorrow. It's quite a dry, practicle subject so may send a few people asleep 
is organising a group to go to the cinema on his birthday to see the new transformers film damn not having peoples numbers 
I am sat in a uni flat, watching people clean 
Thats two people on facebook ive read who have been given jobs today and im still waiting on a call.....god its depressing 
@liddesigns ooo, that's terrible. im not sure why people do that.. buy stuff and then not pay or respond 
just saw a lady have a fit, kids were crying, husband stickin a spoon in her mouth! my god dont people know basic first aid!! 
last night was interesting. some people i cant wait to see the back off, others wish i got to know, and some ill really miss 
@ladyofthelake69 lol, I always have the same problem. When I cook its always for several people...but I eat all alone...uhoh 
hmm what to do today....nothing as per  wish i had my car  or even better wish people would remember i exsist, haha -_-
wow i passed out at 8:30 and mised alot of calls/messages and stuff from people.  I apologize  I was sick :/
Adventure log: remy coul't come all the way home with me because people aren't ready to accept a winged dragon into society. 
some parts of camp rock makes me wanna cry, ahh it's so strange! i don't like when two people are argueing! 
@averydoll theyre playing public enemy at the lafilmfest 
Training stuff over. What I don't like about these events is meeting really nice people who work here that I then never see again 
I feel so bad when people I really like get so upset 
ah.. tenth grade is hard..!! no matter what people say..!! who am i kidding? i`m not gonna make it through college..!! it`s depressing.. 
thinks that looking for the good in people will only leave you disappointed 
Writing goodbye e-mails to people I've worked with over the last two years, getting a bit teary 
gets worried when people he care about suddenly &quot;disappear&quot;. What did I do now? 
All repair people=the cable guy. They make you wait all day for them, making it impossible to get anything else done. so frustrating 
done with all preparation... starting revision now..  i have my signals ans systems exam today .. wish me luck people.... 
Having a pleasant convo with my momma boutr hurting people  lol
@matswife Yes you do have followers...12 of them! That's gotten at least one person into serious trouble 
maybe I should include a programmers translation crib-sheet for normal people to understand in my twits 
@MarkPavWT ok no problem  i guess the people to ask would be the ones writing the debug ui for vs 
@dertyp overhere some doctors are concerned that all the radiation might even cause problems for people, so I wonder if alot will do it 
@mahafreed with big picture comes big target for people to throw big things at. develop a thick skin  seriously !!
@annaarco I gained weight  I'm one of those people everybody hates who can loose weight on a cake-and-cookies diet.
@misterwallace did u get lots of msgs from people sayin they recognised u in mail ysterda &amp; felt bad like me u wernt named? katie x 
Useless thought of the day: is there a difference between people who write smileycons thus  and those who write them thus (: ?
There's a whole bunch of weird people following me... so I'll just do some more reading and pretend they aren't there 
@jfer32075 i'm in rome and we felt a bit the quake but luckily nothing happened to people and buildings   karma baby!
I wanna thank everyone who helped me get to 650 followers! Thanks guys, you rock! 
@anandnataraj 4 people are for sure  and 4 in maybe list including u 
sexy people do sexy stuff 
@bruwmac give her a hug from me and my little one sitting here doing homework!!  she loves to hug people-so do I!!
@chrisontv88 can &quot;team chris&quot; people get special badges! 
@GailDoby nothing like smiling people holding your book  
Off to go eat and watch people cook.  Also returning my not-so-broken phone...glad to have one where the end button works again.  
@meesterbob food is better, people are polite, weather is nicer. i can buy a house for about 200k less there than here. whats not to like 
@limecello I would like to write something wholesome, but come on...just look at the people I associate with. 
@khad need to look at what's coming down the line for us as the world changes. how do we adapt to preach christ effectively for people? 
@cariwayman i think you did just fine. people asked me about your stuff a lot. we'll just take that chair away from ya tonight . 
Since I'm eating alone I have nothing else to do but listen to other peoples convos. 4 young twenties UES girls just sat down next to me. 
i love being a makeup artist......get to work with the most amazing people, while being creative at the same time 
is chatting with people on twilighters.org chat and chilling with libby and cara a thinking about going for a walk 
@AlanCarr oh alan you do make me laugh! along with millions of other people 
Oh did I mention derek played a brand new song, he said we were the first people besides the band to ever hear it 
@aznextgov People would have 2 learn how 2 educate, invest &amp; many other things 4 small gov. 2 b successful. I'll get off my soapbox now. 
@petewentz:that, or people are just really good at looking stuff up on the internet...but its nice that you think of us so optimistically 
@tracy1314 then the question is, how do you go about finding people who can help you do that? 
@bbrannan Lol nah, but this year, too many people want to be nice to me!  haha
@DawnRichard well u have the drive and determination so I know u can do it  dawn u need to start replying to people it makes their day pls
how about how many people were here before ashton? let alone oprah... 
@zackalltimelow people are seriously talking shit about you? fuck them. we love you&lt;3 oh and happy birthday 
@pd1001 thanks!!! but if younghink about it, why not - I just need people to follow me, and the difference is - I talk back to everyone! 
@flowerkiller sure thing... dont look at us as fans but as friends  cuz we wouldnt do wat others r doin just to get attention D:
@TheBetterSexDoc cool career  Is it hard to help people with their problems?
@NKSuse  girl I was like who the fuck is that? Ive got a lot of people following me that I dont know. lol How r u? YES we are still awake 
I love following new people on twitter, even if they say boring stuff like me 
Here's one for ya: why would unfollowing people who haven't tweeted in 30 days be useful? It's not like they're bothering you, is it? 
@bndesign  but I am still one of the people on the maybe list .. so I am still hoping for it 
@tysonisepic in regards to your myspace bulletin, don't you know kids these days don't accept candy from strange men like you 
@PoynterPerve by some chance yes I am a McNutter... as some people put it. 
@lilyroseallen I know that many people hate u. but u still got friends like me that think youre the best. A funny and very beautiful girl 
@iantyson you're getting don't worry - plus you are following people too.. it's a huge step keeping the balance  xo
@garygomusic As long as ur happy  I ponder,if happy people converge 2gether,is their combined happiness gr8r than the sum of their parts?
is thanking god the gutter people are gone...and now all i need is seasons of japan to make me 
@SarahPreston yea we should  lets just convince a bunch of people to get one! i get really confused though, like there's not much to do :/
Stuff like that sure happens only few people 
One great thing about living here is that the entertainment is so good! And yes there are real people that live here  with real lives 
People do not say good-bye anymore because they are in a hurry. We need to remember our manners when we speak on the phone to others. 
has been having loadsa fun w/ jenny and people. last night 
@kylew01 The fact that there are a lot of WOW people like that made the show really funny. 
happy sunday people!! enjoy it and go out and do something nice for someone today!! 
yes! ive got software &amp; everything  ive got like 122 people on my tree, its faboosh.
@nick_carter so i just wanted to tell you i think it was so rad about the fan with fries  not many people would do that 
My neighbour is washing everyone's cars today. I think he's nuts, but he seems to like doing it so I ain't sayin' no. 
Aw! There are nice people in the world. A guy just offered me his seat on the packed train 
@caseysevenfold yeah. but a fair few people in my class did really well. 
@jonthanjay as much as i do! i always thought people would call me lame and stuff..and the climb...definately fits your situation! 
@SurfnStacey http://twitpic.com/3kmca - that's why it's fun to play the &quot;how many people can i get to honk at me&quot; game. 
@bodomgaiden im the only person ur following apart from trivium people 
hmmm...twittering on mobile, more excuses to ignore people 
@iambluecube thats quite unusual to have a breadmaker in a place of work, but oddly quite a good idea if there's only a couple of people 
@alliecobra but it would be funny! I only friend work people if I know they'll get my weird statuses. 
@KadiBasdeo praying for u girl...uv been on my heart for the past few weeks...make sure you get people alongside you when you need it  xxx
changed name to kinda match to mi real name. so people i know can find me better, plus elliewoo is fun to say 
@maheshmurthy wen i said submitted b-plan 'for' seedfund, people mistook as submitting to ur firm.... definitely the name sticks  grt
@panagis i have no idea how to use this i just love all the shit the famous people say 
@ImajicArt Not a problem per se, people like what's on it not the base 
@shaggz08 i can see it,it'll show on your profil thingy too.. And people we're both friends with will too..  make sense?
It's not every day that I get to make a tale of two cities reference and make people feel dumb. 
@TIME Why not ... these people will see her page, come again 2 or 3 times and that's all . Of course there are always fanatics 
@ddlovato don't sweat the petty stuff... you're beautiful, some people are just shallow.... you have every reason to smile 
@ddlovato its silly, so cheer up your a perfect size, you dont need to change to how other people think you should be  random comment :L
&quot;Extension of the accident is randomicly between some intervals&quot; I love checking people's papers, it brings up my self-esteem 
people are nice, theirs interesting stuff to do and i get to eat free food 
wow people are really deep today..everyone should have a listen to this i think http://tinyurl.com/dke3ya .. get your groove on 
wow just unfollowed a whole bunch of people... needed to clear some space oth home page for people who are following me back 
@sharepointbuzz Congratulations! lots of people see your info is worthwhile 
btw, don't want people to get the impression with all this beer talk that i'm a raging alcoholic...i just like beer. a lot 
@rubenerd nah games are for people who are kickass and want to own a massive sword in a virtual universe  HADOKEN!
@chaz81 most probably haha...well he did tell people to &quot;tweet his ballz&quot; hahaha 
@stephanie2967 stay where u are! so many people love u 
@lawreca dont push her if she wants to stay with her mommy then let her.... its fine ...we will have others together....  
@nick_carter hope tons of people go to that show! have fun and show us something of his band or something  kisses man
@joeloleson hardy a rockstar   agree folks need to tread carefully.  FEATURIZE everything people!
i had a blast at praise night. im glad i came, met a handful of cool people 
sucky night turned into a great night  with no help from some people.
watching episodes of the office on netflix... some people just make absolutly no sense to me?? anyways i care good night 
@criminalminds I think anything, signed script would be good, but to be honest I think people would be happy with either. 
I get picked on a lot by others because im different, but i think im just unique. need friends to talk to, need cheered up 
@ilovegraphics Drink lots of water and force yourself up at early times but then everyone needs a long lie now and then 
259 people read my story. It makes me sunshiney inside  I just updated so hopefully i'll be at 300 very quickly. Seriously, it means lots.
@laura_eyedea It is all such nice kit with people working in the shop that know what they are talking about 
@daniesq lol. Early day of visiting people.  I've got a hitlist of peeps at the galleria I want to see before 1130. 
@WahooPooh mmm pink  stands out, and makes mre people ill that way haha #chrisflu
@ddlovato demi, you should of had nerves to go up and say hi, you new people everyday it wouldnt be any different 
@ddlovato it's nice to hear that we all get embarressed around &quot;famous people&quot;  better luck the next time!
nice to be a follower of worthy people  http://spiritualbeginnings.messageforums.net/
@klch93 babess, i dunt havva cluee, i just writes to people and hope dey write backk init bludd. 
@lalavazquez i hope your dad stays safe, being exposed to so many people and places! 
@rdwikoff um... i hear ya. i didn't know sweat pants turned on homeless people so much. holler 
is wondering if this twitter thing is even working and people hear him! shout me city you are in now if you hear this!! 
@myrnadiazz stupid guys are playing and adding people to convers so i got tired of that  love you!
20 mins. people are starting to come now  im getting excited over nothing hahahaha
@damontucker aww poor thing, i hope 111 randomly people follow you so you can be a jackpot winner 
@deeperthanbones thats GAAAAAY. i'll hunt these people down and slit their throats. okay, maybe not. and thanks!  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay.
@jingleisabel enjoy it, good things happen to good people 
Just like this vid http://www.vimeo.com/4230718 people watching, great pass time 
@rosehwang I am in the middle of following back a bunch of people, so sure 
morning people.  plan on working my way to &quot;real&quot; news. you know= economy or H1N1 http://tinyurl.com/bq5ntu
now now people. packed to the rafters is goooood. probs my fav show  now i' watching step up 2 this better be good !
@sethsimonds It's hard for sure. Used to drive people crazy when learning to play bass. Now that I'm better they don't mind so much. 
@mattwilliamson absolutely, i think the idea is interesting, but the variables are so widespread. let the people decide 
ok, half of the people on the next09 attendee list are from the organizator 
Texting a lot fo people  lol
man... awesome day... now I'll try to stay off the antsmarching message boards, my fellow dmb lovers don't like people singing dave. 
For people who like to browse... get money from browsing!  http://tinyurl.com/cs6zu9
@mmitchelldaviss you have TONS of thousands of fans. Like so many people were wearing your merch at bamboozle. Be proud 
@davidleibrandt long naps help trust me.... idk how i did it but i took a 5 hour nap and was like wth cause people usually wake me up 
So the tax credit they gave us,they want back now?  these people must be putting on a show for us http://tinyurl.com/dyfdl8
I had lots of people guessing what my age was last night... Looks like I'm only 31!! 
@vivspace well, that's cool! glad I had some people on my list that you like. You picked some nice twitters! 
S.W.I.N.E (stupid wetbacks infecting nearly everybody)??? hahah. wow. ignorant people can suck my toe! 
and then there was 5! only five people i see updating their twitters. good thing they're exciting ppl. 
@ColbieCaillat hello, colbie. I'm a fans of yours 
@lovejozie the rally cuz you'll meet hekka people and just have a fun chill night. So yeah. If you have any questions just let me know. 
@alantabone you are using techinical words!! pls keep in mind that people like me don't understand!! 
@astridlorange I like intimate viscosities like honey and jam, people at aikido would be stoked that you went to the trouble 
21 followers  so lame compared to everyone else but , wooooh ! laptop dead now.
@ssial nope, I am too busy teaching people seo and web 2.0 to do that  
@RobDyerS4C   i really respect what your doing. please keep it up. it means a lot to so many people. skate it up 
Lots of other people are very polite tho and ask if they can approach 
@thakkar I knw maan! i was gonna say the same thing. We both would become omelettes and others would become chapathis 
i am seriously........ addicted to talking to people haha. but i love it so i don't care. and you can't tell me otherwise, jerk. 
@dexterouslady the next best thing other than being bored is being bored and being able to share it with people on twitter.... 
am hungry.. going to eat... catch up with you guys later &amp; 4 people who are hurt by my sardonic quotes - why are you waiting, hit me back 
@xanderprod glad you liked the gmail add-on too. We visual people like the asthetics to be right don't we. 
how to get rid of your followers step 1: announce that you're unfollowing people who give you the shits... everyone assumes you mean THEM 
@ddlovato check out my twitpic telling people to buy your album!  http://www.twitpic.com/4jhn7
@Kaylaphlegar people dont get into fender benders on the way to school that just doesnt happen hahahahah 
@profchandler time to start unfollowing some people, i think 
@jermtech @bradconner I do the same thing to anybody covering dave... haha... we don't like people messing with perfect music. 
not letting anyone get me down  tired of taking on other people's pain all the time! I am a happy person with or without drama... om.....!
@LTCmusic hehe yeah! Its funny that updating people on the random things you do is so amusing. 
So bored... need more people for rsmv !!  jagex doesn't let u say RSMV unless its the first word u say in the sentence.. sad
yeah! i made a drawing today and now im getting flooded with requests for portraits for people 
@rgoodchild I think that normally we are drawn to people familiar or similar to us. The cougar thing is for some quick fun. 
start again... so now theres 6 people coming with us when we go to melbourne...for short stack. originally 4. but still only 3 for ss 
@hunz i tend to freak most people out - I am, err, somewhat mad. 
i had a lovely day so far - i went out with mummy n daddy and watched people run like lunatics for charity in the sun 
@rlb01 your lucky  and yes its quite sad but some people just get used to living like that
you know... teenagers scare the living shit out of me, they can't care less as long as so what i bleed... yeah! 
The people at the bus stop can hear my music again - louder this time cause my window is wide open. more than before 
@hunterjerzak ohh my christofer crowd surfed! and ohhh boy! people almost dropped him..i would have killed them! 
@FionaKyle ahhhhhh..........ignore me that reply....*whistles* move along people, nothing to see here... 
@matty0_0taylor Of course.... in that case you know some strange people 
hmmm some people use strange argumentations... #nietopingaanmodus -  on 
nice to see its quiet on here today.people are doing the proper family thing 
@wootstudio moleskines are the bestest. plus, they make you look like a deep thinker when people see you using them. 
I realized that the people that think twitter is pointless, must have a really boring life. I always find something to tweet about 
woah...i just discovered i have 41 followers...thanx people!!! guess i gotta watch what i say...not that i have thus far... 
@kingnivin oh cool, Jules is quality people 
lives 6 hours and 9 mins from one of her fav people. woot. and loves her new nickname. volcano.  @passionatewords
Why do half the &quot;get thousands of twitter followers fast&quot; folks only have a few hundred? things that make ya go hmmmmmm 
hahaha... 2 IT people and one tech recruiter  small world =b
@asc2009 There's the no-spin answer. If you want spin, you'll have to get sales people involved 
@WeezerOfficial ok, thats pretty awesome. just let us all know.  cause a lot of people are waiting to hear what happens next 
British people and British humor amuse me more than late night jerry springer! I love you, adult swim! 
:however, I am willing to learn it again by visiting the places and the ppl.  http://plurk.com/p/touth
I wonder how people talk about their latex fetish these days. Do they wear a hood to hide their thoughts and personality? 
@miss_tattoo hmm, go with, &quot;donniestattoo&quot;  people will know you better like that, haha.
Up early - 2H  final carb depletion - top off the tank...work...rest...obsess over people coughing...ah taper - need anyone taken out? 
people who lie, are going straight to hell  hahahah
@b50 no probs lot of people are facing the same issue 
@alysiamann - that's funny! people at work call me/tell me i look like @boburnham ... funny dude! 
at work parkin cars all day ma peoples  almost reaching 20 followers lmao woopty doo someone help me atleast get 20 lmao
@ethyl_deadgirl Thats good then.  And just remember fab people usually like to listen even if they do have their own issues 
Partying it, with gay people, and in my opinion, their amazing people, who have big hearts.  i love saturdays.
@XChristyX12 lmaoo. im gunna punk people nd put on a wig, lets c how many ppl wuld go for it ;) lmaooo 
@gladys_stan the way I work is very detailed to the points people must think i'm nuts!!! 
@danmacsai the real question is: what were you doing at the hard rock in times square?? youre no better than the cheesy tourists 
@wicked12 Thanks   I love to meet new people...as long as it is a drama free zone.  You're pretty damn cool yourself!
back from the gig. thank u for all the sweet people at ahaiem garden walk. the friendly helpful security guys and audiences. 
has anyone seen angels&amp;demons?! it seems good but idk! people could be lying lol. well i'll go watch it tomorrow anyway 
@CourtneyPutnam people's *perceptions* of economy affect everything if you ask me...but that's just my perception 
feels unnerving with 99 followers. i dont like numbers that dont end in 5 or 0. can one person add me or 4 ppl unfollow me? kthxbye 
@ronnyvengeance Nawwww thankies  Hopefully my convincing skills are great and I can get some nifty prizes for people 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - omg. your going on a flight with other people. i want to be there too. hha lol.  just stop b ...
i figured i'd see what this twitter thing was about so here I am ...find me people.. 
@poynterlubz lol x id be liek screaming DOUGIIEEEE arghhhhh  x lol and then pass out and all people could hear was doug saying hello hello
@TheSeph I think the one thing that I have learned is that high school never ends for some people. They just keep the meanness forever. 
@spinninglaura thats right, i'm not a model. i've decided on helping out lil children &amp; animals  know of any good organizations?
we should all do this again guys its like get people to follow u day ha 
Bout to stomp in the pride parade with my bros! And now starts the tweeting about messy people at pride 
@ohsnap_yassie tell people to go to my room. 
@TheUgh it went great  we went for an urban-fashion shoot type of thing around budapest. it was funny how interesting people found us.
I've decided twitter is now fun. so many gegs of people  tonight I'm doing nothing but stuffing my face and watching movies, suggestions?
@faseidl yes, #sdq is a buzzword friendly tag for what I believe many people have understood about virtues of #linkeddata #web for eons 
all of the people who went to my show, even for 5 minutes, you're all a  bunch of giant lovelies &lt;3 
@brizanizz people do suck. As do hoovers and turbos 
@grahamcracker i feel you. i don't leave on time and i end up forgetting something. and i think the bus-stop people do recognise you. 
@chiropractic ha! you are my hero. weekend stats looking good over here, lots of people dreading their job come monday, searching 4 new 1 
what an interesting night! fun to run into people you haven't seen in forever! especially when they are a cute boy! 
Loves life more everyday  Of course the people in it aren't so bad either....
@davidlebovitz so what do you do with the excess? maybe you can just invite a few more people over. im sure they'd be happy to come 
@GordonKelly to be honest, before I got married my mum did stuff like that, she was worried I was offending people by taking no interest 
@rny_alison hehe  Thanks! It's so awesome how the internet connects people of the same common interests, it's like a little support group
How is it possible that people stay grumpy watching a happy playful dog - I never can 
@grahamlloyd yes new west tim hortons has strange people  very colorful 
@andyclemmensen people are being harsh it wasnt ur fault i was there and i didnt get in but atleast i saw you. that made my day   xoxox
wants to know why famous people are made such a big fuss over,they're people just like us at the end of the day.. arent they??  xxx
@izamryan im pretty sure you set a pretty high standard over there,and winning your vote must be very tough for a lot of people 
@TheGimliGlider LOL!  Actually if that is not restricted people could make scripts to run forever which could overload the server
@dionyziz don't forget extensibility. Lots of people out there could do wonders with an open system. 
@brian_austin Turns out ur super interesting all around!! I @brian_austin instead of direct cuz I hope other people get the pleasure too 
exactly! but people will never learn. ughh,that's cool im excited for you! i'm pretty happy cause my summer is full of concerts yay 
tell me how am i supposed to do to get these people out off my mind : @mileycyrus @mitchelmusso @ddlovato @emilyosment @selenagomez 
@revdal yes, we understand that photos we tweet can be really hard to see for people at work 
are people really ready to pay a 100 $ for a background? www.twitterimage.com/ hmmm... I'll do kick A** designs for 25 $ and a cooky! 
. @JonoH be careful with your bot - it's easy for them to retweet people slagging your brand rather than saying nice things 
@KimGVille although i was a bit disappointed by eurovision this year. where were the singing puppets and crazy spanish banjo people?  x
@rushay don't give up hope about your friend, more and more people win that battle nowadays 
@hookyou man i love twitter, why aren't more people on twitter! get on twitter people! im gonna start spreading the word. 
@simonmayo no #wittertainment on friday then? You two are the most unique and interesting people in showbiz! A pleasure to listen  x
@zingaz9 thanks for letting us know! Trying to get a feel for the general amount people (want to / like to) study 
sorry people. will be on msn later. dramas with computer as usual. pretty sure i got it this time but  plus i got my music and shit back.
@ikinequnz haha..some people.i'll tell u when ur on9 or something 
bless the people who came up with tgt...ya'll know wat i want! 
@aklinefelter Are you talking about ppl in church being boring, or young adults being boring? 
@eamonnfallon I would argue that maybe 86% of adults are subjected to the radio rather than listen to it 
comments on chafing cream - an excuse for fat people to become acceptable. 
i'm outside! wifi ftw  i love watching people work, especially when they provide me free coffee xD
@Sandriche hehehe.. youve arrived  cool.. jus keep people updated to what your doing in the day, and follow what others are doing.. x rich
@AlrightTit teehee, not to mention the questionable things people google before arriving at your blog 
@samscam don't know think theres a recognition that IESR wasn't sticking in people's minds 
@SandyCalico oh i see you sound like me with the cleaning some people say i clean too much and should have a time out..... and i'm good 
@perthtones you're too kind  ... always thinking of others!  mwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaah x
@Reefgirl - keep at it   Not all readings will be brilliant, but you must develop yr self confidence to read for people face 2 face.
@SianBeeton fooool, ur work is amazing  just draw birds. birds make ppl happy. yes. lots of birds.
@armintalic Sounds like a lot of people I know 
if you don't suck, you'll be at cedar point today. but text me, people  4406107475
@larrisab It's good, if you find people who write interesting tweets, then it can be funny, look for some comedians and stuff 
#iheartboobies come on people help the little guys get a trending topic! It's a breast cancer foundation!! So your helping them too 
so what does &quot;locked in&quot; mean people... please explain 
just finished a good talk with my boyfriend about having a servants heart. how can we &quot;wash people's feet&quot; everyday? 
@blogtv yes, I am a small person who helps make up the 6000 followers 
@SkepticZone ready for the 30th mate?  Should be great fun! We have people spreading fliers and posters around unis
@tormaroe I hear ya, I'm alone at work as well, solving other people's bugs. But I brought myself a jug of cappucino along 
cause if you do, people around you would just think your drunk and call the police or something 
@pk2004 it's the perfect amount - people would just type more and run out of characters anyway 
i enjoyed chilling out at the starbucks just down the road! blues-jazz playing overhead,  a meager number of people plus good cafe food! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5nw9a - Woow...that's a lot of people... 
@badlyshavedboy aha, it's for many reasons... I just drive around the country to loads of parties and meet people along the way 
@ToddJG yeah people are a pain  im going back to that old project of mine anyway #jailbreak
cross country was so good today  4th; oh yeah  well 3rd, but leah beat me to the placing people, i went the wrong way, aha
old people review new music http://bit.ly/QagTC  great!! 
@CheesyLouisey awww okay, but two more people just joined so we dont feel so retarded now 
@hoosay yes matey.  It's called exercise - its what some people do in the gaps between eating. sleeping and drinking. 
And of course, the only folks I list in my followfriday post are probably the only folks who follow me anyway.  
#followfriday @ um well follow a bunch of people ok! Lets all have a good weekend 
mixed reactions from people in the company about formals at the party. But that doesn't stop &quot;guys&quot; and girls from dressing up 
@bensmithuk your giving away a lot of stuff @reallymobile, you guys know how to win friends and influence people 
i had fun today.  really nice people out there. although theres still some so-called misunderstanding, everything's all good. i guess.
@clarisseee its for followfriday! hahaha its like when you recomend your fav tweets people  im awesome how are you!
Rightio then, lets say hello to the great folks here 
kill anyone at my jobs today! So @xoxojoannamarie will you marry me? and make beautiful mixed babies with me 
loves it when people her age say they still don't know what they want to be when they grow up because neither do I. 
@nikkiisawake yeah. the government should but theyre too busy getting supporters for the election. hahaha. 
i forgot lots of people will be at school right now. we have a long weekends  back on tuesday xx
@waxgirl333 yes. Many people will stick around...except the ones who ONLY interact online ! 
That's my 70 update not much as others but it's a lot  heheh chattin with people ya...and make yT-comments that's all!
@DrUc1f3r good lord! what is wrong with people? dont they know killer whales &amp; hump whales are 2 completely different animals??lmao 
Doing the work of @hey_white and @magpi314 's people.  dontkillme
ciao folks, leaving office..   for good... 
@cmaisannes Eating pie   And actually meeting a bunch of people!
@jennifercg when are you not already late on your own?  yeah, it is annoying when other people cause it... but just normal? no biggie.
@watchteev the way follow friday works is you recommend folk you follow who think others might like to as well.  or just follow me 
I have no idea how I got 704 followers...I'm pretty sure 695 of them are bots or spam accounts. So, uh, hello to you 9 actual people. 
@dcgrrl As with all experiments with democracy, people will cry foul- feel cheated- and be unsatisfied with the outcome in the end... 
I love getting #followfriday recommendations from people I don't know.   A tad creepy but,  still cool 
@bephoebe Too many people/dogs/stuff Too little space/general camping enthusiasm. With @odysseyqueen's brood numbers remain the same 
@Schizophrenelle add yourself to twittruth at http://twittruth.com/AddMe.aspx  real people rule this chart  
youth was fun tonight  watching people scarf down 5-7 hot dogs in 5 minutes was pretty gross but entertaining...i love joe kufel.
You know they used to call me fog cos id hide in the fog and jump out at people  plants vs zombies
race to 1,000,0000 @iamdiddy let's make it happen people! can i get a witness y'all? 
@theregoesdatman umm my honey likes to update me along w/ his fans. he's really the people's champ 
@saraxelizabeth i am good, just thinking everything over ya know, and i realize i dont trust very many people 0.0 you being an exception 
@RobirobC lol anytime girl!! i love talking with folks that understand the dc luv  and anyone can tell u, i have crazy stories for days!
@kst8er76 yeah. It's amazing what stupid and ignorant people can do in large groups. Just doesn't surprise me anymore. 
i'm just thinking out loud -- what is with so many people having blackberry's? not that i have anything against it. just wondering. 
@eastcolfax We are a new to the scene promotional company promoting local denver artists &amp; others for whatever promo they need 
feels like talking to people talk 2 me on myspace! 
Everyone else has a blog, of course mine will be different from all the others  http://jane.whiteoaks.com/
we're like three people in class atm, our teacher wont come for the next two hours .. hrhr, any suggestions what to destroy? 
@prodigaljohn I pray for your sake that you never actually say that. There are alot of people, me included, that take you literally 
@diana91576 You're more than welcome.  I had a lot of people thanking me.  
@_shannon1234   sure   that would be awesome ! i'll dance @ ur wedding .. lol .. sounds funny when people say that
I like guys that cute off the top of people's heads with their finger and take their powers.  lol
@brandihoov It takes a crowd of fun people to have fun!!  red necks gotta go!i feel ya!
@slowfade I got into some long discussions with people tonight - sorry you weren't one of them.  As you say - next time! 
@Distantnoise there is one person in specific i dont want to be able to read my tweets. i try to block negative people from my life 
when I see people saying &quot;twitter's growth rate is 1342%, make money from it&quot;, I smile. - it makes spammers spam other spammers 
@cadenmg I'm so happy for you caden! it makes me so stoked to see talented people I know doing well!  whats your part?
@dylancoyle guess you're the only one that saw me in real person among twitterers in twitterverse 
@gabrielpkelly ignorance, loud speaking volumes, fatty foods (and people) &quot;American&quot; bumper stickers &amp; poor grammar 
@therealTiffany thank you so much for the comments  it's so sweet that you comment people back. i'm going to bed. goodnight! &lt;3
But then again, gotta thank god for the people in my life who make me feel good 
i love being a bitch sometimes. it makes people hate me and lets face it. the more haters the more reason to stunt 
orange ball was so much fun! got to meet a bunch of really cool people 
i was sitting on the floor @ wollies people were looking at me strangly. + im having a raging party this weekend haha that guy was funny 
tmr!!! K-zone bday bash!!!! meet up with the M-yo people! 
@lu_lu lol I all people &quot;cunt&quot; for a lot less 
@OrientalLilly #FollowFriday is where you give a kinda nod to your followers by suggesting others follow them too. Does that make sense? 
@laura_grace You could delete 32 people you're following to make yourself have more followers than following, but prob not what you meant 
ok feeling betternow  see its always good to talk things through with people
At school i was getting people bags, turning them inside out then shoving all the stuff back in then zipping them back up 
