Most common words for this cluster:
[('phone', 2756), ('twitter', 105), ('call', 94), ('phones', 91), ('lol', 83), ('charger', 70), ('number', 67), ('today', 61), ('tweets', 57), ('home', 57), ('amp', 54), ('day', 54)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'phone', 0.9051709175109863), (u'cell_phone', 0.7355445027351379), (u'cellphone', 0.7137010097503662), (u'telephone', 0.6977173089981079), (u'phones', 0.6820526123046875), (u'Gonazalez_estimated', 0.6630405783653259), (u'charger_plugged', 0.6589459180831909), (u'banking_centers_#.###.KEY#YOU', 0.6491814851760864), (u'Phone', 0.6469760537147522), (u'cordless_landline', 0.6429949402809143)]





@Starrbby too bad I won't be around I lost my job and can't even pay my phone bill lmao aw shucks 
No picnic  my phone smells like citrus.
On the phone with the bestie than shower.. Confused I don't know what to do 
is missing talking to my bff on da phone!!!! 
w/ every person there. I didn't get a pic  my phone died but he signed my shirt so amazing words cannot describe should've skipped mel lol
@kristinfinley ur phone and its breaking disease has spread to my phone it doesnt ring any more  just flashes agh only one moth till a ...
trying to check my phone bill online seems like it doesn't like me though! 
where is my phone &amp; good foods? aaaaaaaaah  
@vickybeeching saw someone at the apple store told that their warranty was voided cuz they unlocked their phone. 
wants gtalk on my phone..  haha.
@anikainlondon yes! Thanks. I've just dropped my phone and the screen is smashed up 
@kusasi I had it before, but not sure it is on this phone  I will check with you before then, we will go down for the weekend I think!
my phone rang at 2:08 am...  
What the hell, my phone has just stopped recognizing my sim card. 
@TonyWade LOL I think twitter is just behind by 6 minutes or so!will check ur e mail shortly!on phone to insurance company 
hurt my toe trying to get to the phone 
@HilaryAnnDuff wish I could view it on my phone 
So i finished fixing my coffee just the way i like it and reach for the ringing phone when i knock it over and the whole thing spills!  
facebook isnt working on my phone 
I think I lost all my pics off my phone 
@lyokamoto hey girly! i just left sunset   i wish  i got these updates to my phone..but lets hangout one of these days!!!
phone playing up 
The bride's father just gave me &amp; my phone an evil/unfollow look  have to hide phone for few minutes after this update 
@meaganlloyd my phone didnt get that message you sent me 
no reply from @feiticeira. *pout* shes prob out and about and forgot the phone, but still. 
i can&quot;t figure out how to twitter from my phone 
phones internet is not working 
@lala36079 I know!  I crashed as soon as I got off the phone with you.
not getting my tweets to my phone 
My old phone is activated again. Didnt want to do this but my  new phone is takin too long to come in the mail   
I'm annoyed because my sister didn't pay her half of the phone bill... so my phone doesn't work now 
woooow....interesting night....very interesting lol...no phone peeps 
Until further notice, my phone is dead 
I cannot receive text messages on my phone anymore 
my phone keeps glowing and I keep think I have a text but it's only to saw low battery 
wondering what happened to the couple I'm supposed to be shooting engagement photos of right now . . .     no phone contact for 1 hr.
i need my phone i hope security finds it!   
i really wish twitter would let me update from my phone 
@vrikis ages  about about a year haha, i got totally conned over the phone with a contract and a really bad phone never use phones4you
Still at 151; disappointed with how badly 256kbps shoutcast works on my phone over 3G 
answer the phone, you bastard 
seriously almost died about twice in that suit. Its all good now...phone's dying 
@Tedlicious  my phone is over 3 years old, it can't do crap, and I gotta pay for texting  I can't hold a call for more than 10 sec  con't.
I cant sign into to twitter o my web on my phone 
Trying to find the receipt for the cellphone that's still not working 
@elinsinders no... i lost my phone last night 
i feel bad.. im like passing out on the phone  but im so tired. i love you twitter bugs! goodnight (: text/call me &lt;3
@boomboxhearts  they're not in my phone which means my phone tarded out on me. it does this lots lately. no buttons work. waa. when home ?
Managed to tether my phone then it just randomly stopped working and I've tried everything to fix it but no dice  sigh
picking up the phone was the wrong choice 
SHIT. I broke my blackberry! It's dead, and the charger broke INTO my phone.   
Looking for my last freaking update. I deactivated my phone 
i still cant believe i broke my phone 
I dont like cock, brandi took my phone  haha.
dammit. I can't play from my phone 
@Tiredofbeinsexy gay ass phone company and i made a new account and been trying to join for a year already 
anyone has a spare phone with 3.5G? 
trying to fix my phone         fail
Waiting for delivery of replacement phone - 9-1.00 oh joy 
my phone still doesnt work.  damm it
Phone is sleeping in a zip lock full of rice. 
WTF where's my radio plugin for my phone!??! 
yeah, my phone's stuffed 
Going to bed, alone, again. But I did get another 1:30am phone call (oh joy, cue sarcasm). Just want someone to hold me &amp; love me 
is up... might be going back to bed, though, if someone doesn't answer their phone!!! 
is sasak to the max. his phone is in the washing machine. 
@ecstasissy but my phone will be here on wednesday  so sorry we should wait for a moment 
Almost had a heartattac cuz I thought I'd lost my phone, turns out my sister hid it 
tower bloxx wont work on my phone 
My phone keeps restarting.  - http://tweet.sg
mad at my phone  it wont sync my music onto it!
wishes her old phone would work again. i want to get my contacts, pictures and everything 
@jawar what time does it start? I'm not sure..... Next tuesday I have plans.... We keep playing phone tag 
my phone is lost. my ipod is dying. break is over. &lt;|3 
Its sad that my phone works better than my ipod... 
Ugh. My replacement phone is grosss, and I lost ALL my contacts 
Why can't I use my phone to update twitter 
ipod broke!  and phone is getting there!
i don't know if anyone tried to contact me last night, but my phone fell out of my purse at sugar and i feel disconnected from the world! 
no phone still  i miss bbm! i miss richard!
lost my phone, no numbers....the silence is deafening 
waiting by the phone isnt fun 
just got off the phone with my brother who's in iraq. miss him 
my phone got chewed up by the dog  will be phone-less til i can find another one to use.... 
@TeamFRSH I'm so jealous. All I have are updates on my phone. 
i want a new phone  and new clothes :' (
thinks the taxi driver who has my phone should give it back!...please 
hoping that optus have fixed my phone properly. not holding my breathe though, 'cause it sounds like they've just updated the firmware 
Updates to my phone turned themeselves off for some reason last night 
Every time i have to write an sms, i still remember and hate the person who stole my beautiful touchscreen phone 
liked it more when the phones were broken. 
is not a fan of getting things disconnected and reconnected, be nice to just make 1 call and have phone, internet and power on at both 
@wolfidy that or they're calling me and i'm not getting it...4 voicemails and no missed calls today stupid freaking phone  i hate it
Phone dying no net access 
got my phone bill today - i'm not using the internet on my phone ever again hahaha 
@kellidickinson if you don't figure out how to use your phone soon, we wont be able to twitter it up tomorrow... 
I'm pulling the plug on my phone. 
i couldnt find my phone this morning   i blame @bmilner1172
So busy lately.  How do you other entrepreneurs do it?  I spend my life on the phone and emails it seems 
@bradleymarshall must just be our building then (31)? No phones or net here 
Missing my phone, which is at the bottom of the lake, and the marmet is playing with it blissfully 
twitter from phone not working  have to go to online
on the phone to kelsey . have a sore bumm 
I'm so ill! my mate just invited me to a show as well  gonna phone her back after i've walked the dog &amp; tel her if i feel like going
My phone won't send tweets 
My phone fails now, I don't know what's wrong wit it 
my phone broke 
Has nobody to talk to on the phone. 
I want my ap  and my new phone!
@bustheproducer yea but @vibeauty wants to take my phone!! 
No one every returns my phone calls 
bout to go to bed. my phones not with me  talking to amber. bored
@pauloelias good! No phone shenanigans while driving! It's dangerous 
@xhorrorkittenx i just got in....dropped my phone in the loo and broke it  gutted!!
@MCRmuffin can you get on gmail? or can we dm tomorrow? im on my phone 
my gf is awesumer than me, but she's not answering her phone 
feels very diconeccted from reality my phone is broken 
@street_light he tried to follow  you but he can't from his phone 
42/365; I can (and just did) yell at my friend on the phone for 20minutes, saying the same things over and over again; letting off steam 
@simplesumit I'm stuck indoors since wednesday   and my comp. speakers r out of order and my phone is in service centre..no music 
is happy that i have internet on my phone cuz our internet at home isnt working. 
Just really sad.   Someone stole my phone today    I really need to sleep, but not really that tired...yet
@werecat1 keep in mind it was taken with my phone, it doesnt do it justice 
my phone died again...and i can't find the charger part 
Just got a new phone &amp; during the sim swap I deleted every contact after M.... woops.  
anyone who wants to contact me tonight cant. i have no phone 
my phone is pretty much dead. it has one bar left on the battery  and i forgot my charger so i think i should sleep
@blue_cupcakes not going until 8,,,  cant call my friend either, her phone dies all the time..
Just realized my phone is going to be cut off tomorrow due to my lack of funds and the bills being so effing high. Fuuuck. 
gahh my sister took my phone recharger to sydney now i can't recharge my phone 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my phone broke  suggestions for new one?
 too many twitter txts cant get them on my phone anymore, exceeded my limit...apparently not unlimited
@unitechy @igrace why doesn't anyone recharge my mobile 
needs to get out and buy a new phone.. kind of not inspired by those in the shop that I saw yesterday 
hoping twitter will let me send texts from my phone its only been working on it for 2mos now 
i lost you guys' numbers  lemme know!!! cuz my new phone book is pretty much empty LOL ; break time over, back to work 
joy was on the phone..and now i hear the tone..i wonder where she's gone..i just want my friend back. 
@chriscynical i tried to get a pic of the water with my phone's cam but it didnt work 
@mclazarus our provider supports very few  we'll probably experiment with the more open codecs for our remote soft phone users.
My phone's broken, only the keypad works 
slept like a log, until the phone rang 5 times in an hour  Waiting to hear from my love...
I am so about to be sick I think I ate way to much food and I so want my phone back 
thinks new phone also arrived, but wasnt in to sign for it! 
need a new phone  okay, maybe want..
@MikaylahZandi way to answer your phone  i miss u im watching ugly betty and im lonely and bored!!
ahhhh eff! my phone number got deleted off the device thingy and now it's not letting me verify my number  so no tweets to my phone 
phone's gone  wont be updating nearly as much (haha!)
@sarahmarina Its ok!  I can't tweet from my phone, i can only receive txt msgs letting me know i have a direct msg    I need a new phone
Is pissed off that I can't get updates on my phone solely because I'm Canadian...i'm dissapointed w/the fastest growing website around 
is phoneless. 
My phone is lost forever. Now I have to wait til monday to call verizon and wait for shipping 
@kindrawoo sorry for ripping your coat  and dropping your phone.... 
Is extremely ticked off tha @TRIXXLA f'd up my phone 
At holiday inn then going to the match,phone running out of battery 
@xo_mcflyandjb you know why.   and you forgot i was EVEN on the phone. i was waiting there for like 10 minutes
This (http://tinyurl.com/ceg69b) is why i cant have latitude on my phone 
still can't put twitter on my phone... i think my line doesn't have it, 
@miz_ling maybe.. telstra probably wont bring out the new hiptop anyways.. no new phone for me for a while anyways  must save!!
And now her pager's going off 
My phone won't let me make outgoing phonecalls. Yet another iphone hardware replacement 
i've lost my phone, and i can't get someone to ring it because it's on silent!     
Three calls today. An advanced wireless and two redos 
phone in the potty 
oops - I've just chewed my phone charger up with the hoover. 
just woke up. phones dying bad. 
On the plane...time to turn off the phone  
I can't believe my phone is lost. Another damn iPhhone. 
ahhhhhhh! my phone is officially broken. having twitter withdrawals. this is really bad for my social life - i feel isolated 
@BexieMarie u healthy git XD...hannah got a new laptop yesterdy n is geting a new phone soon  not fair..my phone breaks n i hav 2 wait 
my phone fell in the water, i have a crappy old phone. no text no internet, 
I lost my phone downtown 
@macface2adore just got back from cco.. no emote, nothing good at all really  sorry i didn't tweet, forgot my phone (as usual)
Making themes for my phone =D review starts tomorrow 
Oh poop. Lol weyeliner got on my phone 
My life was so much better when my phone worked. ifg/lfjgsosd;of i hate not having one 
@annyo84  aaawww - i knew it was something like that   I wish i could give you my phone so you didn't have to do it all! xoxo we love you!
@sceneaesthetic the number isn't working on neither of mine or my mom's phone 
On one is answering their phones. 
my phone is pretty awesome but I have not found a way to irc from it yet. 
@manystyles absolutely not. when i tweet frm my phone some of my @ replies dont show 
UGH my freaking phone froze up 
@akeemjamal omg, you and that phone 
I cancelled my liteneasy delivery by phone, then got charged anyway. A week later they haven't responded to my email asking for a refund. 
&quot;if I had it my way, I'd turn the car around &amp; runaway, just you &amp; I&quot;...phone calls that produce tears aren't the best 
Dying a little inside...my phone is on the fritz. 
@taylortighten *nuzzle* I dun like me not having my phone neither.  my pocket is nakid.
@ashleyrhea heyyy, i couldn't call you tonight to go out  my phone still isn't turned on. did you have fun? what are you doing tuesday?
my phone won't let me update twitter so i dont think i'll be on often 
is wondering how do you update plurk through cellphone bah?  http://plurk.com/p/rooj4
no ones tweets are being forwarded to my phone 
@hot30 what's the hot30 number again? i lost it out of my phone  stupid brother.
why do i keep picking up the phone to call my best friend, when i KNOW i dont have one to call? 
contacting claire , can't get her on her phone 
watching these camera  and being soo  bored , gotta  wake the boss in a 1/2 hour , really wish bry  would answer his phone  
found out that my phone is not serviced by twitter 
Doesn't have a phone anymore...I miss it 
just spoke to him..hes now on the way to the airport.  last phone call.
My phone has crapped itself and I have a new one with no ones numbers 
good morning tweets...left my phone at home..i'm so lost 
my phone got wet and now it's broke  nooooo
@cantyahermala that's okay.my phone's fault 
@notmyforte the little bear on my phone 
my phones not working 
i miss my phone very, very, very much  my cyber-life is falling apart without it, so text me if you need a quick reply
my twitter isn't working on my phone 
packed my phone charger and can't find it- sorry to anyone I've ignored 
Ahh! I'm not getting any updates on my phone anymore, this is terrible! 
my fucking phone is totally broke 
@hullywood_bound lol i know... i nearly did but then my phone bill was massive so i couldnt 
I want a different phone plan! 
my phone is dying. ima have to go.  bye twitteroos!
poor phone is dead and charger is lost at sea 
hey all! i know its been a min. got the new sprint phone n i think i like my old palm betta 
phone is down again, cant get 3.0 back on there 
bringing backk the razor phone, iphone is doneskiezzz 
My poor phone can't function up here 
@berger43 I can't check them from my phone! 
My phones dying 
phone with mike, there's something wrong with my phone! wtfff 
Another flood of messages in my phone.  my phone is still ill? Not now please am howling in pain
i was fast asleep and now someone's playing on the phone 
@scottrmcgrew i miss u and twitter so much my bfs phone is worde than mine for twitter miss my new phone 
Note 2 self:don't trust your phone when writtin bars you might just lose them 
@punchface_ hii lol. I would nudge you back, but i'm on my phone, so I can't. 
cyas too bad i dont hav a phone or electronic device that is portable so i can post when im gone 
@MisssTiff u suck for not having a phone   http://myloc.me/G3v
@travesss shush it. i'm missing 2 knuckles now. lol. &amp; im without a g1 phone  know anyone selling one? lol.
phone was acting crazy today so i missed all my tweeties' updates  but i fixed it 
oh phone, where art thou? 
my cellphone has a brain of it's own ... IT choses to lock-unlock on it's own, not me  
@jessmanzie yeah it took me a while to get the hang of it, no i don't have it on my phone  because i don't want to pay for internet haha
lost my phone.. sigh 
whoops just ad phone call from ma dinner nearly ready had so forgotten and not time for it now  stupid work!
@CroftyCait  I'm taking the lack of any messages on my phone that I didn't either 
someone stole my phone.hate thieves.my life is with and on that phone.so much for not wanting it 
My phones playin up 
Envious of sisters new phone. I still have a gray brick 
Why isn't anybody answering their phone? 
crushed my phone in my car door... please no texts or calls or bbms cause i can hear them but can't read them 
@theresanoelle aw geez that's really not fair for him, I feel really bad for him too  if you need to talk I've got my phone with me &lt;33
My phone bill is going to hurt my pockets 
my phone died, so don't try to call out...such sad, shrill beeps.  
My phone is being lame again 
Phone completely out of charge and I have forgotten my charger at home! so my phone is switched off  - should hopefully sort it out soon.
@frencheyfrench the video won't play on my phone 
My brand new phone is dead 
i really think my birthday is bad luck. my phone is freakin broken, soo now im using my moms old nokia phone until i figure something out 
my baby doesnt answer his phone 
just talked to my mom on the phone for 2 hours and is currently a little homesick. 
i can't find my phone.  you'll all have to talk to me in person if you need me.
my phone is receving calls till the bill gets paid 
@VennardRose u probably have the right number my phone is being gay.. its not letting me call or text..  so i will get it eventually..
my phone is acting up  i think its all the drops ive given it.
Still no interwebs    I wish I could have found an app that would work with my phone....
@justlikeanovel Lunch time and you dont pick up your phone 
i have a $90 phone bill? crap. 
restoring my phone  changing computers sucks
I officially don't have a phone anymore...  anyone have an old verizon phone they don't use?
@artificialxgirl I didn't know until I looked at twitter again on my phone and I was home by then 
another night with out you on the phone. 
@mightytaco365  you must think i am soooo rude... i haven't been replying...  i somehow cannot seem to make your tweets go to my phone... 
I can't put a picture from my phone! 
soooo happy for my best frienddd! yay well done!... now get your phone fixed  xoxo
Just had set everything back up on phone as had to do a reset cos web kept freezing 
@bevinkathryn I can't  my phone won't let me view twitter in standard
Lovein my shinny new phone.   not lovin the loss of numbers. 
I really wished they hadn't dumped me back on the phones. I'd much rather be doing paperwork right now 
@tonyfrazier I won't see 8.5 for another year at least (testing, managed upgrades, etc). REALLY wish I had work email on my phone. 
i wish i could use twitpic but for some reason my phone won't send pictures. 
just got home...pretty tired! call don't text cause my phone's messin up again 
@KehoeFromReno dude, u dont tweet back or answer your phone. makes me wanna cry. so sad 
twitter is not working properly on my phone  + I've just realised i've only got 3wks till my major assignments are due fuckkk
lost her phone again...... for the i dont know how may times now..... and she wasnt even drunk 
I forgot my phone charger at home 
How can I concentrate in my writting with people always barging into my room to use the phone? Is a little privacy too much to ask? 
@MaddieRodd awh  not good, id say text me, but..... my phone is mia
@zomg_its_steph I need a phone. 
@MCRsavedMilife ohh, haha. he dosent have his phone with him. his mom needed to take it with her somewhere. 
got yelled at to get off the phone and my left eye is burning. i want to sleep 
 I left my phone @lser101loser house
i drop my phone in a cup of water.  
I didn't have my phone all day so i couldn't tweet   @gcoya you should try it :p
@gomatty i didn't get your goodnight moon to my phone so i missed it and couldn't goodnight spoon you back 
@BrianMcnugget i can't see it on my phone  whats the video about ?
// on friday i got back my 3 things, lost my phone &amp; jumpdrive. teacher found my phone-got it back after school. still missing jumpdrive 
Hey nick and andrew my phone is fucked right now I have no way of contacting you 
looking for a new phone headset in ebay, it got broken  http://plurk.com/p/uah3w
@lombers well my phone was dropped... It's stuck on silent... 
@infamous_franki i dont know but i cant check my direct messages from my phone my shit be tweaking smh 
Phones dead 
@judez_xo your phone is always dying o_O mines still being gay and unsync'd 
@PhillyGirl528 we need to get out of this apt fast. I had to restart my phone because I couldn't get signal to bbm you 
looks like my phone is broken 
Just dropped his phone out the window 
needs a new phone... but can't afford the one i want!!! 
There is something seriously wrong with my phone. 
I'm also wondering why I'm not getting Tweets sent to my phone anymore?!?!?!? 
is at work staring at her phone cz she is bored and no one is texting her 
smashed my phone screen 
I washed the laundry AND my phone along with it 
sitting in my room doing nothing because i cant make plans because my phone broke and my temp. phone has none of my contacts 
me thinks I am sucking at using twitter tonight...making wayy too many mistakes and can't rectify them because I'm on my phone 
@jasminesolano lost my phone  but im back, live and in full effect now... whats good jazzyb?
@jbarnettcraig I turned my phone off right after I put up that tweet bc my phone was dying 
Something's wrong with my cellphone. 
rainy dayy..and i still dont have my new phone 
damn i cant get a contract phone and its driving me mad ..... why cant i get one ..... and i need one soooooo badly 
@SelaJaqueline she's not there. and it was her husband on the phone 
@fashionsocialit u gotta dm me ur number again my phone fell and I lost my numbers 
gahhh I cant get the skype thing to work on my phone 
Hooking my mom's phone up through her car's bluetooth is harder than i thought. 
20% on da phone ugh !.. 
@JamWham probably just the flash. your phone got stolen? 
@ThisModernDeath I'm upstairs and I need a kiss and your downstairs playing with your phone. 
ahhhhhhhhh, the stupid radio. i have tried to phone in for ages, but it keeps going dead. i am sooo gutted 
my house phone rang. i thought it was you 
I don't have a damn phone charger at the moment  but as soon as @KidnapDan brings me back to my car, my phone will be happy once again!
something was wrong with my phone and i just got all my tweeets &amp; texts from yesterday  sorry guys
She's such an interruption..damn it mommy get off the phone 
@lewstatic lol..i told u my phone is messed up....i jus failed to mention that i dropped it in water twice 
Is using her old motorola phone cause the new one is all broke !  damn
My mom will not pick up her phone.......hate when that happends! 
i'm frustrated that my phone updates don't work. already sent two now but none of them show up here!! what am i doing wrong?? 
tired as fuck. last night would have been perfect if my phone didn't get stolen. so yeah....no phone for a while 
my stupid phone does not text twitter. 
my phone got shut off i feel so lost and disconected from everything 
still got a driving hang over, accidental phone call from friend worried me and got me out of bed 
Wow, it is soo weird to not have my cell phone.. thank goodness for other technology.. but yeah.. it sucks 2 not have my blackberry 
@lindylouu what happened boo!? i guess this is why i didn't receive a phone call yesterday night  i hope you are okay!!
@mrsSundeen because my phone hates meeeee 
@sms790 i culd but  i have errands i need 2 run 
updated mobile phone and lost all my contacts' numbers! 
Whyy doesn't anybody answer their dammn phones.  
just got my phone bill....want to cry 
myy phones goina flat 
@annTRS i didnt have a phone at all when it happened.  its saved in my favorites and my laptop, ahha
@Waffcakes update your twitter alreadyyy! sorry i didn't reply your text last night, my phone messed with me 
For some reason my updates haven't been going through on my phone 
been on the phone wit the boofriend for 4 hrs, long distance is WaCkkk 
need to find new phone asap. Not nice not being able to answer your own phone or text people back 
Awww, missing my music library now. Wish I didn't have to deal with phone calls and customers at work 
my phone won't let me tweet  i was going to stay in my room, do homework and tweet obsessively but i can't so i will here.
this temporary phone sucks. i want my old one back 
@jemijem did you find your phone?!?!  i have your lip glosss.
My phone is fixed !!!! But I can only get it in like two weeks when we go home  But still, it's my baby even though I kind of hate it..
hmm think my phone has just broken  It's jammed..I've tried taking the sim+battery out but no joy..anyone got any tips??
forgot my phone at home 
@spencerpratt i cant call you from my phone in england  but hello any way! i love speidi!
i just got a phone call that i might be subpoena for court 
It makes me sad I don't have internets on my phone. 
@ameliaisabel my phone makes noises 
Why won't my phone let me follow people 
me and nick have the same phone. what what. sorry, joe. i broke my iphone, brutally &lt;3  R.I.P LAWFOUNDAH.
@russellprue I can't find the iphone listed as a supported phone 
just realized that her twitters have not been updating from her phone 
I miss andrea so much&lt;3333 it sucks he phone dosen't work anymore 
I would like to inform you all that my piece of shit phone has now been completely dismembered. leave me a tweet if you need me.  
wants to get rid of my phone 
i wish my phone could play videos  cant wait til i get my computer back
@felixthea ahhh i know i should be sleeping. i'm so focused on looking up phone plans all of a sudden! haha. lost my phone again. 
My mom's too busy to even get me my phone and apply for a new line. 
I keep sending updates via my phone, but they never show  What should I do? I have the freakin right #!! This stinksssssss
Hey ATTs! just got a hold of my mom's phone. since my phone's keypad is broken, I could still read ur tweets but I couldn't reply. sucks! 
@keepyourhead nope! my battery on my phone is dead 
Uninstalling @twikini as it's no longer free and stopped working on my phone a few versions ago 
Just cleaned the dirt off my phone and found new scratches 
Just to let you all know my phone has died on it's arse  If anyone has a T610 (yes, retro) charger or battery I can use tell me!
omggggg i fell asleep while on the phone last night, i feel so fucking bad 
Of course this is the one morning that I didn't charge my phone first thing. Just got the 20% warning &amp; charger still behind police lines 
sigh had to cancel my phone, now i can't tweet through text 
@Kazcita ... no idea when I can return home and charge my phone, now at 10% - it's dyyyyying 
had to wait 5 mins on the phone to get to someone at fcbarcelona telling me that i cannot cancel the tickets. damn 
Why doesn't my phone show me missed calls or voicemails anymore 
discovered that the internet finally works on dads phone but his work has blocked twitter 
@jamesosully I feel you there. When (if) my mom asks about my art, I can practically smell the condescension coming through the phone.  
My phone is having issues 
@FantasyParade I did but I was using my mums cause I broke my phone last week and she needed it back 
@JaySkillz i'm computerless,so i try listenin to ur mixes on my phone,but it won't let me! 
I need some money! my phone is going 2 run out 2maro 
is lazing around on his day off and can't find his mobile phone. 
when you're waiting for a phone call or a sms it never arrives... 
wow ! my mom's phone bill reached 6,000 !?!?! pretty soon she'll be blaming me for all the charges 
i now cant find my telephone 
@hbuchan that hurts  my tweeters were the best part about your phone
@sendmylove google phone~ i can't use it 'til tomorrow though 
has a phone again! But my computer je dead i think 
@british_girl yeah it isnt easy thats for sure...we dont have a phone at home and all my numbers were in there 
Feeling cut off from tweetworld..not had a single tweet to my phone today 
@4boys4now She can't respond to tweets from her phone. 
No one is picking up the phone! 
ugh. taking my phone into tbaytel tomorrow. my calls aren't working 
got a new phone today...still not an iphone  how will I fit in?
aww my phone buddy went to bed early... 
too bad i HAVE to switch to smart to get my phone  on the bright side, i don't have to reload again . yey !
@_Smiles_  no fair...this phone lets me do everything I wanna do...except see live streams 
@MichelleRealtor I can't seem to find a realtor that can return phone calls  looking for my first home. think you can help me out??
Is going to follow Mle on her phone now. I missed so much while schooling/ working. 
lost my phone sat 
i can't add twitter on my phone !!!!      help me !!!! please
My phone pinches me...   
goodnight... hope to get a phone charger tomorrow... 
lost my mobile phone!! so sad its been nearly 3 days without it!!  lol
@twilove66 yeah but i get bored of the music on my phone  haha
@vintagerevolver wasnt it great?!?! i miss the old disney movies. and i just got my phone on a charger and saw ur text. srry i missed it! 
@trx0x no phone yet!  i don't know. i use nates phone sometimes. want to get a land line for now, not sure if i can convince him.
there &quot;3gp&quot; files from my phone ..... should not take this long..... there is no teacher to winge 2 .... 
ughhh, twitter + my phone = not friends 
i have to turn my device updates off, since they will surely annoy my dad the whole day tomorrow...he's taking my phone 
hello all. plz share the deets of your ringtones w me. i have a new phone &amp; no ringtone ideas. it is black, so un-me  didn't come in pink.
im dying!!! twitterfon is not working on my phone  nooooooooooo
def tired going to bed i want my phone back 
@emilyabner I hate our phones 
misses my phone 
can someone at @sprucealmighty check and see if my phone is downstairs?  it's missing 
@amiers7 pay your phone  im lonely without you!
@hufflepuff4ever Aww! I got an extra $93 from texting added to my phone because certain people have whole conversations daily on twitter. 
my last tweet didn't send  bad phone
but now i have no money for a phone 
my mobile phone refuses to charge!!  either the battery is broken or the chargerrr ( booooo
#liesgirlstell  a guy calls her phone to see if the number is real ) ohh my phone isn't working . try tomorrow .
Needs a new phone 
my phone still doesnt tweet 
It is kind of lonely when nobody will answer their phone. 
@redframer123 I think they make you turn your phones off  I'll see what I can do!
using my brothers G1 phone.. love it! driving to vegas... my phone died this morning and my charger broke 
still need new pics on my phone  and music..
I knew I shouldn't have confessed to using phone to look up answers in pub quiz. A shame is now upon me 
@EPMorgan I know!  I can read bt I can't sit outside coz I gota answer the phone 
No callback yet. 
@sole_investor  how....no phone
ok, i have to turn off all of my twitter device updates until i get a new battery. phone goes from fully charged to dead in about 5 hours 
My poor phone is nekkid without its cover. 
i went to go check my phone for messages. then i remembered i dont have a phone anymore 
I really miss my phone  i cant wait till my new one comes 
@brooketastic my keys were cracking and crap. I kind of miss my old phone already. 
Tbh having no credit in your phone sux. i cant even text people to see what's happening, like its totally grrrsville 
I need to buy a cheap verizon phone 
 1 week before the palm pre comes out and my centro dies. I have a temp phone but my contacts aren't transfered yet. #sadpanda #fb
Why didn't my favorite spotters last tweet go to my phone 
forgot my phone at home 
@Mezzie1221 you are a slow answerer! 
@tealshocked thats because im getting a new phone since my other phone dont work at all 
my phone is broken    &amp; im too lazy to go to the verizon store to get a new one.. oh well i guess no phone for awhile.. aha
I don't like when my g1 changes.    I feel like google should send me an email and tell me all the things they're gunna do to my phone.
Wheres my phone ?! 
@fatz_galore aaaw too bad .. i'm in a good mood to phone with someone  lol
he switches off his cellphone!! huaaaaa, i cant sleep  buzz me bebe..
i love my new phone but hate that i didnt get my netbook today... 
i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers!!!!! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and its only 3 in the afternoon!! 
okay, got the card, but my phone is fucked up at the moment.  please use email to reach me, sorry 
@ep31 well twitter doesn't even work from my phone anymore 
- doesn`t have a phone. 
I need a new phone already  or i needa go to the store and see if they'll fix mine o.O
@featherblossoms I can't stream videos on my phone 
My phone is so stubborn!! You'd think it had my genes or something!! 
my phone is dead and my charger is miles away.. @T_S_R  i'll talk to you in august 
My phone does not work in the DONS 
@pokeyp I saw that you were calling but cannot answer as I'm in the second hour of a phone convo with my mom and she won't stop talking 
@YoungQ  ahhhh it won't let me watch the video on my phone 
phone is still blocked only my fav 5 can cll me 
@ohmyseven @valerie2776 I don't have a subject line on my phone...  just normal texts.
@cashstwit Maybe something's just wrong with my phone...it's still not working 
Trying to get the motivation to make a shopping list and make a phone call I don't want to make...ahhh procrastination rears its head 
great cant eve locate my phone! there goes 200 down the drain 
@jen_dang my phone is still broken.  just come over whenever.
ug i think i blew my phone interview  i like them!
He didnt leave a voicemail..  -121908inlove(:
@tinkfan that sounds interesting. wish my phone did java.. 
@mitchelmusso is it a worldwide number? caause for some reason my phone wont dial the number 
@Evulh I do text to twitter sometimes, but I don't receive any on my phone so.... 
@amandalaur that would be awesome i think, i hate how expensive phones are 
If my phone dies I will die too! 
can't set up my phone on twitter 
my phone is dead  this sucks
phones about to die  ttfn!
@misterperturbed I ordered a replacement palm centro cuz my phone got kill't! I wanted a palm pre but cant afford a data plan 
still cant figure this twitter thing out on my phone.  i dont have the iphone.  
@greentm what happened yesterday? but phone calls with unwell parents - yeah .. know how that goes ...  .. i have two of them now ... meh
@SinsualDzires phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair .
@mitchelmusso i couldnt call you because the time on my phone would run out  so if you can give me a shoutout on here i will be happy
ugh gone through 2 new phones and now my screen is black, which means no texting 
Phone went in the toilet   The truth is I'm surprised is hasn't happen sooner!
i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday...
misses her phone... having no service sucks 
@natalyathree damn! natalya! you gotta tell me whats going on!!! i'd call you but i lost all my phone numbers when i broke my blackberry 
I think my phone has officially bit the dust. 
I feel like a lost puppy without my phone. 
Guys my phone is dying!!! 
yay... my phone died!!   now i have no phone and it'll probably be until sunday... boo...
No twitpic till I get a phone 
I hate nextel...those stupid phones dont ever have service! so now im COMPLETELY alone for the weekend  grreeeeaattt.
@ananyah part of moving house, my line got disconnected today!  I'm using my phone bluetoothed to my laptop!
phone is dead   mega gay
my phone broke 
nooo my phone speakers broken  means i cant call people, or listen to my music without my speakers. phones dont seem to last a year! GAAY!
@rockhottie I miss grown persons mac n cheeze...the tboy txtd me finaly but still no phone calls 
watching new show called the phone, and last w3eek they called my hubby, but he missed the call   #thegreenteen
@MsV1959 yea, but mine is my actual phone not AT&amp;T 
my night did not go so well... my phone got stolen! wow.... i still cant believe it! my phone is my life!..... sob sob.. bed tym nw 
my car got broken into and phone got stolen  If you need to get a hold of me please send me a message (with your cell number). thanks
my phone totally died!!!  It was working and had like 3 bars adn then suddenly in the middle of a conversation totally died on me!!!
@ewturner about 5 min after I turned my phone off I realized I typed that wrong. I've been with my mom too much. 
i haven't been on here in forever! too many wedding plans going on and i think i need a phone with web access 
@nodoubtvw just charged my phone and saw your @. im fat and moping at home so i would be no fun 
cant get my phone to turn on..  im never turning my phone off when i study.. ever..again
Omgosh no one wants to talk to me on the phone 
@khloekardashian the phone lines are busy  i was totally gonna call and talk bout your tweets!
my phone can no longer send pics 
At a kids party... 10% battery on the phone 
I can't  my phone sucks. I love you tons
I'll be back in a few. At my mom's on her computer but I have to go home and twitter from my phone which sucks 
@kimkardashian, @khloekardashian, tryin so hard to get thru via phone, impossible   
@KhloeKardashian my house phone doesn't have a Y on the digits 
i has a dumb phone. 
Ugh I still don't have air con, and my new phone isn't connected yet 
@stephanieSDsXc baby steal your phone  
@lealee05 i think i left my phone at your house 
@Jenniwuhoo why aren't my tweets working on my phone???  
@temperantia aww that's too bad. yeah my phone really sucks. i just got it repaired and now it's malfunctioning again. 
Just put my phone to charge after it died. Twitterfon did some optimization and now it has an ad 
i got stuck on an interesting phone call, i see all my twisters are gone  well @arieschild @cneislove @terrinah1 @sasha12900 hit me 2moro
@AlisonWhee oops. yeah. the phone was engaged because my sister was talking  but its free now!  haha. redial aliballoony!
I want to be asleep so bad..but I can't..hate this feeling!!! I probably shouldn't be on my phone tho 
watchin tv bored and on phone with my best friend... misses him 
Nooooooooooo!! i left my phone charger at home.  Fml
I discovered an app on my phone that makes ringtones! now I'll never sleep even though no one calls me, makin my tones useless! boo! 
@kkpalmer89 my sisters asleep  so i cant be on the phone!
what the hell is wrong with my phone? it can't be charged 
@mikestwitter NO  jUst upset my phone is broken
Oh crap I forgot to charge my phone overnight. 
@bentleybeaver that link wont open on my phone 
has no phone til wednesday! 
if i had your number previously you should pm me it, cos my simcard karked it and i lost all the numbers  or even if i didnt have it +
So i forgot my phone in a cab yesterday because of sharwama...i feel so stupid 
i just got my phone back and i just puk my sim card 
i try to register on ebay. when i enter my home phone number, it rejected. while entering my mobile phone number ain't no different 
@bobbinrob is it good? You tube tells me that vid isn't playable on my phone 
has missed an appointment with a friend because she forgot her phone  How did we use to get along before?
Phones dead, can't text  or call. 
I'm sad my phone gonna die and i dont have a car charger 
@ittybittieee we're all wondering how you lost it! It's the partying-phone curse!!! I dont want to be next!!! I just got a new phone!! 
@adrianpesebre But I think getting phone line requires my parent's consent. 
nobody text me my phones in repair 
wants my phone backkk 
Fml! I forgot my phone charger @home! 
@TYFO that app is so fun, but I tried using it in a real situation last night and it kept crashing my phone 
So, my phone fell down the tiolet...don't ask, 'how?&quot; lol. I will let y'all know when I get it fixed 
@aroque faill my phone was dead  next time
@onehipmama I think it's twitter.. my phone isn't getting all updates either.  
@krashley b/c i'm an idiot and didn't look at my phone til right now. 
@qclindalou I think she's on the phone   *looking up at&amp;t international calling plan*
@MindyMassacre well sh$$, did you guys call??  i didn't hear the phone if you di, lol!!  but i didn't see those tweets until just now 
@prydie alright snooty, don't technology slap me, you know the only reason i come on here is because you don't answer your phone. 
http://twitpic.com/69135 - crumbs this really is a poor result, looked okay on phone (but in bright sunlight) 
just got off the phone with jdc + the others. oh how i miss them  and i see them every day.
Phone is totally out of charge, being impatient and wanting it to charge faster so I can request a song on radio 1 
@mandielovesmac @sq41 p.s if you did text me about it sorry i havent got my phone on me 
@hiediearwood @iliv4hm my phone won't even let me post replies on here. I don't understand why it isn't working!! 
i dropped my phone on the concrete and now there's an ugly scratch on it 
Woot Woot getting on the cruise ship! By phone 
@rachaelhealy did you say we need sleeping bags? i cant remember. i wouldve stext you but still have no phone  
why doesn't the airport have free wifi?all places i could tweet and facebook,this is the one.i'm stuck with my phone's web client 
don't know what to do .. son threw my iPhone in some water ... phone looks like it's dying 
@mommakiss  that makes me sad!  You are never missing a piece, she is still there, just a few states away and she's there by phone!
Shoot! My phone only has 10% battery left and my charger is nowhere to be found! 
i cant seem to find my mobile phone though, i might have lost it on a beach somewhere, oh noes 
@eloc_ssej YES... i couldn't get the text  my gay old phone
@arieFbabyy09 i hit your phone lastnight 
dropped my phone on nasty stones, think the horse kicked it as now scratched to bits 
My raspa broke my phone 
@farismadewright sooo I accidentally deleted ALL the numbers out my phone  so I'm not fake, I'm just out of touch! text me ur number!
the phone lines for britains got talent are busy and i cant get through  !
@heyitskayy_ dang thats expensive.  are you getting a phone with a contract?
can't get twitter mobile on her phone  ahhhh
@kawehdashti can't  Got no camera here..or how to connect my phone to the computer
oh phone to police now. I dunno if they can help or do anything, but i thought best to let them know! (how stupid i am!)  lol
@Dtj1987 ah, well, he sent me an email that destroyed my phone from the inside out. 
@Sarax_x  i no wat u mean - if aidan doesnt win. U can blame it on my phone 
I seriously need a new phone  this piece of sh*t is sooo lame. I can't keep throwing it against a wall to work :/
No phone for 3-4 days 
@heckbeck I can't really watch cause youtube is shitty as hell on my phone  lol
Still chillin with anne marie. dead phone + broken charger = sadness. 
Just had last phone call with mom...it's time. 
has been without his phone all day.... i left the charger at home 
tryin to deal with the distance with phone calls 
@onefyasko well i don't have a phone anywho now. so you shuush.  meanie. thinking i'm on twitter on my phone but not texting you. psh.
My phones broken 
On the phone to kelsey, sorry dani 
@jessickak haha k i will when i get home, i left my phone in my room...  woops.
just killed my phone. water damage.....i hope when the battery drys it is okay 
Off the phone now, tryed danii but no answer 
@nikkibop @troykids i wish i could listen  but the service is 6 bucks a month to get it on my phone. 
still on phone here.  oh and soon to have company again.  i look like crap and so does house 
I feel weird??? I REFUSE to be on the phone late tonight (past 11pm) I don't want mum to keep getting mad at me 
damn it ever since my phone got stolen i have to pretty much leave next to the house phone  finally getting a blackburry thie month
@AmyElectro home phone? i have no credit what so ever 
My phone fell out of my pocket and i kicked it. Now it's all ugly and damaged. 
@yayKIMO no my mom took my phone 
@YoungYachtOwner she dropped her phone down 2 flights of stairs 
@Mkenn076 on my phone sorry 
lost my phone today on some stupid ride  i hate knobels!
I need twitter on my phone so I can tweet more often... 
this really sucks!  im on my dads phone and he only has one battery thing left...
playing phone tag with pat all day is not fun. 
baby i did remember! i was just waiting until i talked to you on the phone to tell you 
oh man i'm using the laptop,and it's like i'm using my phone..ugh...i'll never get used to this. 
misses his phone...and thus twitter 
@Cartoonifyer no more phone...  mom took it. good night!
Trying to catch up on sleep but the friggin' support phone keeps ringing! 
phone funked again. Some keys close browser  
I sent a tweet from my phone earlier and it didn't go  hmmm
and my charger is at my fathers house! so no phone till 2morrow nite 
@cclanto AWW!! i was on the phone  we will talk tomorrow!!!
For all you that I txt... I just want to inform u that ulu got my phone taken away... So... I will let u know when I get it back 
my phone has been missing for 2 weeks 
@soopertrev @marshallsheldon I can't watch from my phone!  *sniffle*
Fixed it! had to reset my phone tho 
forgot my phone was in my pocket so it was thoroughly cleaned today via the washing machine....hooray for me...no phone now 
kiss me through the phone is....    
@musicobsessed How do i do that!? I got a thing on my phone ahah but i dunno how to nudge 
phones still stuffed. everything works except the screen so i can call/recieve calls and i can recieve texts, i just cant read em 
pinched my lip in my phone 
Waiting for a late night phone interview. Doesn't look to be happening though. 
@Chellelilbmore it won't let me my phone messin up!!! 
closed my phone on my finger  and it hurt like a bitch lol going to bed now i guess.. goodnight! 
@erikadwood ur phone is physco we cant have a convo on here anymore  its depressing to read but we cant do it captain )ace ventura(
i miss my then reliable phone.  i seriously need the best repairman in the planet.
@mobri488 aw i ended up at jabs!! ..i thought you got my fb msg!! my phone is not actting right!! 
I got a t-mobile phone which works at camp, but it's a prepaid, so I still can't talk that often. 
just realize that my phone quit working  can it get any better .......grrr
My phone is about to die  forgot my charger
He's been robbed of passport, cash and cards an literally has a dying phone on him. I'm worried about him 
@angiellyah hey even i lost my phone just last month. 
someone fetch me my phone so i can upload pics.   
@segel i know how you feel... i decided it would be fun to put my phone thru the washer today 
Should not be awake yet! And should not of dropped my phone in the sink the screen keeps going off 
@bridwag somebody got to my phone... 
is waiting and hoping that duff finds her phone 
found my new phone. now i have to wait another six months 
@kathrynnnn you are killing my poor phone 
lost my phone  temporarily haha but i cba to look for it...can't wait till i get my new one!
i broke my phone! its only a week old aswell! 
ugh great i broke the camera on my phone too  FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUU-
@sunprawn The touch screen is dying. Now I can't send text messages.  And this is the second screen I have put in the phone.
mmm my phone expired 
@Ilkee my phone is doing that thing again  #andyhurleyday
My boy and I had a fight and he drove away.  Now he doesn't answer the phone ...
stupid loner phones!  all my numbers are gone!!
i have been with out a phone for a whole month 
I wish I were a father so someone would give me a new phone for father's day. okay not a good trade-off, but I broke my phone. 
is with phone again...charger broke tho 
So, my phone has been suspended for nonpayment... come on. 
@AlexxEnglish apparently i talked to someone and told them about a bike and i dont use the phone i'm to quiet  ESOTSM;
Is a big idiot who left her phone in new orleans 
for them  Also, my phone's downstairs but I think I heard it vibrate 0_0 I should go see.
@elsieenchanted did you loose your phone at school or something ?! I'd hate to loose my phone 
Twitters making my phone freeze so I can't check @'s 
i really dont want to pay my cellphone bill 
@_i_am_jack_ I'm sorry I missed lunch - I didn't have your number in my new phone to give you notice. I've felt guilty about it since 
My phone was pretty much just attacked nearly murdered by the trunk!  lmao! Fml right shelby?
my kitty just stole my phone. 
phone arguments suck 
Two robbers stoled our mobile phone 
@GoodShepherdV shit @ home trying to contact my cousin! I hope my phone is in his car  wassup with you? p.s. im hungover
@bifferlicious Awww  *hugs* Are you going to be getting a phone?
dying without a phone  iphone coming soon.. p.s. its summer? can we kick it?
missing twitter.. due to lack of a phone that was made in this century 
@tonesa lol yeah, definitely get it. I was SO annoyed when it came through my messages I'd be getting mad at the phone 
Still getting about 34% packet loss.  Phone number for DSL is changing so #Teksavvy can't get modem stats till end of day Monday 
The top half of my phone broke off last night when i dropped it. Now I have no phone. 
@Serendipi (still me) oh I can answer that haven't used them  -  nothing you can do except have a few options/  talk to company on phone! 
@tomwebster your probably right.  But I have been such a loyal USER of my phone.  I can't see why it would want to leave me 
@aflagforsunrise I was bored and lonely...it seemed like a good idea. I can't update with my phone though 
@dmjoe713 my phone died...no way to charge it since its broke 
And everyone comments on my phone! Hha exceptmy phone isnt recieving tweets  so i wont get anyone's tweets! You can text me if you wan ...
@InKatlinsPahnts my phone shut off  and didnt want turn back on  it was being stupid i need a new phone
@youngQ I can't get the chat to work on my phone 
@daviesgravey im on my phone. I can't see bubble tweets right now 
The vibrate isn't working on my phone anymore. 
This is the last time i tweet with this phone. 
my phone's screen cracked 
@chazzymcnazzy i kinda dropped my phone in the bath yesterday and it don't work anymore  x
@dailybooth is it just my phone, or is there a lag with the mobile uploads? mine don't seem to be appearing 
when u talk in the phone when its upside down your voice DOESNT come out upside down 
I hate when I've been away from my phone for a while and I come back and don't have any messages or missed calls.... 
@ThePrinceBeMe whaaaaat? You're hella lying!! Or maybe not but I haven't been on a computer in like 2 days, just been on my phone. Sowwy 
@ladyjam i hope you had fun. i wish i could have made it. next time. no phone till wednesday 
I know. I thought you were gonna call my phone  as soon as you get a phone # let me know so i can call you
my phone is dying  .... cant find the charger
@ashedryden doh, sorry I didn't get your message before I turned phone updates off. I probably would not have had time anyway 
@smsunshine Sadly no. I was too encumbered to get the phone out for pics. 
Turning the phone off.   I am not goin to be in contact with the world for 6 days!
got her phone taken away while the boyfriends on senior trip in panama  ahhhhhhh i need some music 
The phone won't stop ringing and I have a headache and I have been on the couch all day and I feel greasy and I just want to die. 
wants to take the thursday sticker of her phone but is worried about the aftermath 
Wow, now low qual service moving to virginatlantic.  Lies on phone by agents about seat avails &amp; disappointment @ bag drop 
My phone broke  possible the worst quality phone in the history of phones
@aramisette Wish I could chat there with my phone.  
lost my phone again!  hate that happened again...
@superjya its the new addiction,i cant,my dad blocks the phone 
I lost my phone and I don't know how long it's been gone for  I'm super confused but the live feeds vmndfvnrekje
i am not very consistent with updating this. well...it'd be easier if i had a phone! but i dropped it in the creek.. 
@lucyylove aww i can't believe i missed out on baloos  hopefully i'll have a phone tomorrow.
My phone is getting shittier &amp; shitter by the day,  but i love it so much.
@evilgurl Yes! I was gonna call you but I left my phone at home 
@Thekrakenrises I can only assume the floor actually swallowed you (or just your phone) 
okay everyone, we NEED to convince granny to change my phone plan so i can have twitter updates on my phone. i miss everyones tweets.  
So I thought my phone was fixed.. But nope still won't let me twit 
Dammit! My phone may die soon! But hey, I have been on it all damn day...I might have to holla at y'all later 
My alt+shift+del doesn't rest my phone anymore 
grr! stupid phone reset on me! so i lost all my contacts 
phone's dead forever. charger broke&gt;:l getting a new phone in a few days perhaps 
@jesse_wolcott what happened to your phone?  It stop picking up or replying to texts 
twitter isnt working on my phone 
Girls are over. can't go to six flags tomarrow  ced isn't answer his phone so were just chill.
@LMRB cant see it frm my phone  not near computer til the morning
I'm beginning to suspect that this phone has a faulty battery 
I'm super tired, have so much more packing to do and my bf won't answer his phone. I'm not in a good mood right now 
is wishing her phone was working cause i dnt get to text or talk   aaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
My phone is dead  I havent been able to tweet all day
Tweeting from this phone is no fun. 
n if she needs 2 sleeps she needs 2 sleep. no questions about it, twittering through my phone is killing my thumbs 
wants her phone back   or at least get a new one!
Apparently my fancy new phone has died 
@MissSherriBaby can't make an acc. from my phone o well 
is paying bills  and has nothing to cook for dinner  and have lost my phone again  
@daniellebarrie phone isnt sending text being gay i got all yours though  better tell me hold it works tomorrow
in school! i cant get the password to get wireless on my phone  im going to ask mrs.driver 
k so my phone has to be off for take off. not cool 
@spencerpratt spenceeeeer! tried ringin your phone just an auomated thing thouuu  big fana the hills love you all! x
Our phone number is a digit away from an insolvency hotline. We always get such sad calls 
josh wont answer his phone and i want to talk twilight with him 
i want my cell phone back  its still broken... but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry
@ChellyBum hahha I knowww!  turn the phone on and off then it works! lame
phone poop? i been trying to get hold f u for ages now i was wondering what was going on 
i left my phone in my DADS car. most of the texts in there are probably about weeeeeeeeeed  mistake
my phone keeps going out of reception 
@claireyjonesy i know!   when she's keeps listening to his answer phone message i'm like :'| jhsdkjahs.
This new phone better be worth the wait.. I'm currently down to 6 minutes of talk time and about 2 hrs of standby on my current phone.. 
i'm upset that my phone doesn't have french as a language setting 
@Alyfizzy nooooo I am so glad I'm not dealing with this atm. After my phone call there yesterday I still feel down. 
how do i contact you without a phone. Thats so last millenium 
@notmonica Both my current and my backup phone have broken screens 
co-workers gave out my freakin home phone number to desperate male customer. wtff.  stop phoning me idiot.
@prediketflowz sitting here trying to figure out if i'm going to buy a new phone today, my blackberry is broken, well the ball is! 
@blackmix AND my phone is broke  I'm gonna call you from a random number on my lunch..
@beingboston too late, i already got a blackberry because i didnt wanna wait   but congrats you better be tweetin bout the phone
Could someone help me find a site which would give me the exact name and address of cellphone number that is given? Too many missed calls 
for some reason plurk wont load right on my phone  http://plurk.com/p/xoeag
@YoungQ i can't get the chat on my phone. 
is having issues with his phone....man t-mobile stinks sometimes. 
@mattroy, you guys need a nap! tell johnny to charge his phone 
cant find his phone and might have left it at the movies last night 
@ellabellcullen3 still no phone? *cries* i need  to talk 
Wish I had my headphones with me so I can watch @shanedawson videos on my phone  I'm soo bored
cant find her phone 
@writeinink on the phone  39 more days and i'll be out east!
@iGrace hey save those and send me later... my phone given for service now 
believes I'm making a transition into a depression, every phone call, website, piece of mail, general convos, family, church depresses me 
haven't tweeted all day, phone died 
lost my phone  great!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
omg my phone is really upsetting me 
I need a new phone.  one more month.
@jaysonl yeah apparently my phone jpgs are somehow defective.  
bored out of my mind with no phone :/ and my face book isnt working for som reason  not a happy bunny i can tell u
Finally I got 148 on my storm! But it wiped everything off my phone 
Due to phone problems, I may not able to tweet in the daytime for a while. Bumcakes 
i am waiting the fate of my phone bill 
Due to continuing phone problems, I may not able to tweet in the daytime for a while. Bumcakes 
My phone broke so now i'm using my backup 
at work and so upset i can't get my phone yet to update twitter 
My phone won't let me call @charlieskies and say creepy things. 
My phone has been missing since friday 
my phone is being a bitch. it will not get any signal. 
I'm having cell phone withdrawals  I need my phone...ahhhhh boooooo!
i scratched the screen on my phone  i knew i should've lietened when they told me to get a screen protector
@TabyCat74 i know dammit  and phone even !!!  
My phone isn't getting texts right now which includes all of your wonderful Twits!    I miss you friends!
just remembered today that she has a twitter account...still awaiting the arrival of my phone 
@AliciaNie no worries darl, all my phones have gone mad, hose phone is dead and so my mobile 
@Jonfann her phones been disconected. 
My phone decided to disconnect itself from the internet now i can't get on twitter  'cept for texting in 
the last 2 hrs I've been rebuilding my itunes library just so i can get my #'s in my phone, 3 x's now and it still wont work. shoot me 
@mochadad ditto! I'm trying to figure out how did I make it back then . Its a shame but i've gone back home to get my phone 
Dammit, the phone I want is completely sold out everywhere. 
Myy phone gott wettt!! I hope it doesntt mess up 
at libary right now got dumped last night over phone! 
my phone is eating my txt msgs. says i have 6 new ones, but my inbox is empty 
i'm so tired but I can't put down my phone  and I feel hella stressed for finals. ugh 
i am missing graduation because i have no phone, therefore no communication, therefore suckage. 
@josiecat85 yay that came to my phone but cassies update didn't. I think twitter hates me 
Phones been acting strange 
Ugh and my phone is dead and the charger is at my house!!!! 
@charmania thanks nope no phone insurance  i&quot;ll get somethin soon!
I just need someone to cake on the phone w lol 
 i still cant get twitter on my phone it wont even take my number when i try to set it up  
oh no my phone is NOT charging 
@raymuzik.. nope.. can't see inbox, reply, etc.. only the basic screen and no notifications sent 2 phone.. 
I like my new phone. Other than it being silver.  i got my purse today!
I'm pissed cause my phone isn't cooperating properly.  Or mayb its me 
At the mall waiting for friends... Pulled out my phone so i don't look like a complete fool. 
Is driving back home. Wants to talk to someone on the phone. 
Gawsh there is not enough characters :/ i have no phone ' till like, next week 
@megaan_youunt I'm not allowed to be on the phone, It called grounded for a reason 
does anyone know where @topnotchtiff83 is? she's not answering her phone 
@_HotMess_ lol. Wow. I was using ubertwitter but it keeps making my phone freeze up 
@lheybella For some crazy reason my mobile's internet was down for an hour. All I could was text and call. I couldn't even send an email 
i got my phone taken away  2 weeks is torture lol
Cooking dinner by picking up the phone &amp; ordering Chinese, wish I had an excuse but just tired 
So the ear piece in my phone is broken 
@nyjae89 all i did was try 2 change it from my phone n it blacked on me... it wont even add a pic from my pc 
phones! shoot 
I don't know if it's me or my phone, but no one is answering my text... 
AND to add to my bad luck I just dropped my pretty phone on the concrete and now its all scratched 
my phone and i are no longer friends. screen is broken   i'm hoping for a new one soon!
trying to find a new ringer...not have to much luck! 
No phone call, no matter how long, is enough when someone you care about it far away. 
@Emberz i did too but it was because i wasn't paying attention. i was on the phone. 
......my phones is going to die 
my phones completely DUNZO 
got a phone..guess no iphone 4g for me 
doesn't know why twitter won't update from his phone 
@jiggalee obv i can't call you bc i lost my phone 
so the pic i have as my av has been my phone wallpaper since it was taken in feb. i just changed it...im sad now 
My phone is dead so I have no contact with anyone and I can't find my charger 
Meezy, if I had a verizon phone I'd give you it 
my phone gets shut off in 1 hour and 9 minutes.  lame
Note to self: after watching a movie, take your phone off vibrate so you don't miss 5 phone calls. 
helllooo im back yay i cant stand living without twitter for more than 5 DAYS! i cant get it on my phone though 
My phone's dying 
I hate cell phones, there stupid! yet i cant live without mine 
@Kranktus im not at home and have a stone age phone without interweb capabilities. 
@kgleninrainbows for future reference: matts phone has been stolen 
One of the little ones decided to pour some water on my G1 today and now i&quot;m realizing how much I love my phone  I think it's dying . . .
my poor phone is defective. 
@choweee perhaps a raw meal is in order once i get to boston! would you mind sending me your mobile, im on my third phone of the month 
@KaYSiM26 no luck with the phone it's going for 26 dollars. 
@natasha_x you are so welcome!!! YOu are awesomeER! hehe aww that's sad  i wish i could talk to you on the phone! well glad were talkin on
i can't fall asleep. i wish facebook would work on my phone 
@SdPriceless hey! i'd text u, but a stupid bitch took my phone 2day 
so my girlfriend and I were flirting, and in the midst she somehow managed to take my phone (on accident of course). No phone sucks 
At work. Again. And I scratched the screen on my phone 
I want my phone back. I need my files and contacts. 
I lost my phone is the ocean this weekend.  
trying to get everyone`sz phone numbers because when i got myy new phone they all got deleted 
Sleepless... phone interview in hours 
@NKSuseDHTweep   not happy with my phone right now. And a little upset everyone else got to see my pic before me and the other girls
Ps. My phone battery is dying also. Not fun 
yay! my phone credit is being wasted on a call to the philippines 
wow. crawling under my bed to get my phone charger was the most painful thing ever. i nearly fainted and died. can't wait to be home 
Phone's gone walkabout 
Just noticed two dead pixels on my phone 
If its the person i think it is...why the fuck are they leaving a voicemail,if not..whoops im sorry lol i dont pick up withheald calls :/ 
My phone got bombarded by pictures of ugly girls 
@nicgibb Thanks.  I have to take the battery out to re-activate the phone but twitterberry still won't work afterwards 
@FamousTweeter not got house phone so cant. im so boreddddd all by myself 
u could have said goodnight. I'm sorry B my phone wasnt loud enough when u called, i never hurd it &amp; ended up falling asleep  call me  ...
it's unbelievable how quickly life changes with a phone call 
@GillianMe Aw, my phone isn't on the list 
@ivydesigns oh no  i just lost a lovely vintage telephone, still trying for another
I really miss my old phone  I feel like I'm missing something.
I have to turn my cellphone off during my apes exam  
@lejjewellery no  ive just got off the phone from my mum. fingers crossed she get one her end lol! did you have a good shopping trip?
@KatherineLunt No text  goes the phone? xxxx
Phone is backed up with texts. Might not get them if you send them  stupid technology. Lol
#searchforn Got all 5 clues but there are no phones near me 
My job would be a lot easier if the phone would stop ringing. 
My phone's broken.  So i can't text it. I'ma fix it today though so don't trip potato chip.
no phone today    call my house phone
so somehow my phone charger is lost and now my phone is dead  does anyone have a charger for a blackberry that i could borrow?!
I feel so out of the loop without my cellphone 
Booohoooo  I have to use a normal phone for 2 months
yes just got my phone back...sucks that i have to get all of my contacts again 
ughhh waiting for kayla to come visit me at work!! her faggot little bro told me shes not home  you need a cell phone bitch! lol
Ugh.... i havent talked to anyone is soooo long! im lonely and want to get ungrounded and get my phone back! 
@Mannanna82 Aw  I wish I were there to help out.. I just tried to call you forgetting that your phone isn't working. **Hugs**
@thebrandicyrus man, I'd LOVE to buy this phone but I live in germany 
On the phone with mitch, not feeling week 
great, now they've taken yfrog away from me...next thing you know I'll have to tweet from my phone... 
@Lolliepo ms. U took my phone. 
#Badsex: is when you delete there number out your phone b4 they leave your room. 
@ jonverseallstar get ready! I can't get a hold of jenna though  I think her phones dead.
new phone in july!! but i can only get the free ones 
my phone doesn't viberate anymore, damn you iPhones I knew you were to good to be true 
My world has ended because my head phone is busted 
@eKir my phone is dead meat 
@Hnygirl2000 all i managed to get is the minimum for my phone thats about it  but i can call now so YAY!!
i miss my best friend  his phone is broken... it hurts! lol
ugh... no texting 
Oh noes, I received a call from my sister telling me that her phone's missing. 
its like 11:40 and im tired as fuck and i might go to sleep just because i have no fuckin phone!! i cant live without texting 
Oh wow my phone is acting dumb. 
@giggles007 nope joey has no phone 
hold the phone - my bldg has 20 flat screens &amp; i did not see the need to purchase. Ahhh, commy living @ its finest. 
nimbuzz i really hope im lucky enough to win your phone coz mine is going dead 
@grahamkennery not a good week for internet/phone 
broke another phone 
My phone is going to die! That's a fact,  I'll be impressed if it posts this
Jess just dropped her cell phone down the storm drain 
my phone had a nice run. no more txting fer me,inless you can understand words without, abcdghi.  so call nigguhs.  i NEED new phone.
@bearabledeals Haha. I lost my stock earphones.  Now I have to plug my phone into my surround sound or car to hear music.
@spencerpratt spence....why do you neverrr answer the phone anymore? kiiiinda makes me sad 
@Scarlettjen I'd be on the phone demanding they show up now and take something off their bill! That's disgusting, how painful! 
@FeCrisp ur good afternoon never got sent to my phone 
landed in amsterdam there an hour or 2 ago, plenty of wifi spots... none free though so i couldn't connect my phone 
first update on my new phone! Which is good bc my laptop is still busted 
Someone has diverted the office phones to my mobile. Voicemails from customers at 8:24 this morning. 
My phone is all messed up, and I need it desperately for tomorrow, so if you try to get in contact with me i dunno what to do 
crrr...! my mobile phone does not work properly! calling out works fine but when calling in a message says dialed number would be wrong 
My keyboard on my phone is broken! I have to type everything with t9  going to alltel tomorrow to get a new phone i guess
iphone!! except can't actually use the 'phone' part yet  stupid phone companies
aaaaaaaaaarrrrrrgh! something wrong my phone! i cant send any text mssgs 
 I cantt sleep -averi tweeting from moms phone
YES! I'm up and running again! If I knew how I fixed the glitch in my phone I could make money. But I don't. Rubbish 
My sounds suddenly works on my phone............ 
@phoenixseven I really want it to be @O2UKOfficial otherwise I'll be leaving them for t-mobile, which I don't want to do, really 
@VodafoneUK The guy I spoke to on the phone was awful and unhelpful. When I signed up I was told I could reduce if I didn't use much! 
I was awakened by my phone ringing... which brought me to reality... Unfortunately, reality consists of a heavy headache! 
@lauren_walton ah make your phone last  x
@puffmclover i bet it would if i could follow links on my phone.  thx babe!
@giannasmiley i do not download videos from my phone 
@david17_2 don't worry about iT.. i totally understand my phone been having quite some trouble...w/no understanding 
http://twitpic.com/6izsp - We have nothing to do.. and my phone's going to die 
so tell me how my phone had 3 bars untill i put it on the charger. Now it only has two  [06.13.2009]
I think my phone's spoilt  I'm supposed to see a pop-up thing when i receive a message but i dont!
still no bloody phone 
forgot my phone at home   I always feel so lost without it...
My phone is refusing to be charged and making a strange whining noise-had to dig out 14yo old phone-has taken me all afternoon to unlock! 
forgot her phone at home today.   #fb
On the phone, on hold. 
My phone didnt charge last night. 
my phone diiied n my charger is at the crib 
arrghh my phones broken 
I took a wrong left turn &amp; now I think I'm lost... &amp; I can't find the gps on my phone 
What kind of phone does everyone use and are happy with? I'm bored with my blackberry 8900  I have tmobile
my phones dead 
on the phone to 3 trying to end my contract... 12 mins so far 
So I'm sitting up in the front answering phone. Wippeeee! 
@popculturezoo For some reason there is an @ before your links so they cut off and don't link on my phone 
@lady_bo LOL. I didn't get a phone call. 
no phone. no internet. ill have everything back on friday. 
ugh phone has been dead all day! ahhh 
@katiemcintosh not enough characters for me LOL runs out too quickly. i left my phone at home 
misses her phone.  it fell out of my pocket a while ago. and now, it's with my dad. i have to wait for him to arrive which is after ...
I can't find the breaker. Or candles. Or flashlights. I'm screwed. I just have my phone light 
I am frustrated with this mobile twitting gateway. I want a new phone now 
My phone is deleting and not receiving txts again 
I think I might have to hide my phone when I've had a drink! I sent a text to my son that wasn't meant for him! 
yay for 1.5-hour long telephone conversation with eric and @wingheikwok!! ... my ear is sweating ... i miss them 
I haven't tweeted in 4 hours ! Its 'cause my phone ran outta battery ! 
 i hate my stupid broken phone, and i dont get a new one til september. i hate whoever invented contracts!
My cousin is takin her phone back, goodbye twitterberry  hopefully they fix ma internet so I could come back to twitter soon .
i can't tweet from my blackberry because i didn't pay my phone bill on time.. what's a blackberry that only makes phone calls and texts? 
@daniellammert it's all of our phones 
@meghan08 I've tried that a few times.  It's not even letting me download the update to my phone or reset-up my e-mail on my phone. 
phones screwed up. I push one button and it wants to do another 
My fingers are too fat for my phone 
@DavidMansion at least u have a phone atm 
no phone cause a teacher has it  grrrr.........
Wish I would have never gotten rid of my blackberry :/ I miss havin a smart phone  Even though it was stupid most of the time &amp; I hated it
phone broke  can only make calls n texts cant use the interenet its wierd but yeah just text me if anything 773 699 3622
has no plans?  got the jen jacket back, and might get her phone back  &lt;3 todays coool
I dont get to see twitter pics on my phone just the text  i have a cheap phone 
@ftwcandice for some reason my phone didnt send me any of your earlier tweets so i didnt see you asked me about the movies 
my phone is dead. i feel a little lost and alone.  codependency to my phone. not so good. 
i've had my mobile off for 5 hours today and when i turned it on, i only had a text from my phone company! i feel so unloved,, ta people! 
oh yeah: bank, credit union, and verizon store, too. our phone batteries are crapping out much like @bbrathwaite's. 
guess what happened yesterday, i lost my phone with all my recent video interviews  everyone let's hope there's a good samaritan out there
Ugh, my phone ran out of batteries this morning and I had to leave it at home. I felt so disconnected! 
Correction my phone's gunna die 
....but before I got home I lost my phone case, my I.D, and two bank cards! all bad 
@effn_awesome answer the phone when I call punk 
[at]uknow85 my phone is down so I am cant contact you  but I am getting another one today and I am coming over.. http://bit.ly/yBApX
where is my luck with phone interview?!....  
@Missannisaalyia awww im sorry i so that lol but my phone is horibble  do u hate me??
 i dont like that phone anymore...
hmm received some bad news and the most horrid phone convo ever  typical really
off to work. cant wait for camp!! still waiting on a phone 
omg i dropped my phone twice 2day! 
aaah! so mad at my phone! the speakers are broken so I missed the call from my only friend! now she's working so she can't call back 
i cant wai to get my phone, then ill actually feel like my normal self again! i miss my friends so much too and cant contact them   
@LizzyV12 ok. I have to do it from a pc bc I can't follow from my phone. 
@mtthwdntn I don't either it erased..but I get every tweet on my phone :p..but its not online 
really wants a cool new phone 
@beckaelisabeth I'm sorry baby, did I do something? I've been trying to call you, but you're phone is off. 
he gave me his number on myspace and apparently he waited around his phone for 2 days waiting for me to call of text him, omg. 
the phone has suffered water damage from some unknown source, looks like im phoneless until i can afford a new one...  
at verizon seeing if i can get a new phone. i like the nv touch but it's not time for an upgrade yet 
Why is no-one here and talking to me?  I'm on a mission clearing my phone files onto my pc so will be up for a while :-S
 Today is one of my good friend's 23rd bday @ I didn't put his number in my new phone &amp; I can't find the charger for my old phone! I suck.
popping in quickly on my sister's compy - hotel we're at doesn't have wireless  And I'm too poor for a phone.
i can't find my phone charger  what is wrong wid me 2day
dammit there goes my new phone 
@hoseachanchez I agree! I have so many problems w/ my phone 
The rain just broke my phone a little 
so i just dropped my phone in a cup of water  its semi working right now
What did I do wrong...  I want this to link to my phone... imma try again
Listening to ungratefull sister gripe about a small glitch on the phone I gave her 
yes! computer is running again! cant use twitter with my new phone though 
I miss @ryankiros and his poop stories... Ahh man i wish i had more money on my phone so i could do international texts 
dropped my phones in the sea  wtf????? now im really stuck here with no phones for couple more days damn.....
I'm using a go phone now  Its so hard to text haha
Aww, I refreshed my phone browser and #robotpickuplines isn't number one anymore. It was fun while it lasted 
can't figure out how to twoot photos from his phone 
trying to call tila nguyen, btu she wont answer her phone... 
I just dropped and scratched my phone for the first time... 
why the fuck is my phone dying already? have not used it that much today 
My manager is yelling at me for twittering at work...i'm about to get my phone taken away!! 
been on the phone with my mama the last 2 hours.. i miss her so much 
and i left my charger home and my phone is on its last bar 
@WeLoveHipHop u sent smthng after the gym?? the last I saw was around 6..u know my phone whack on the reception in my house 
my phone lost its googley eye... I'm so sad about it 
woke up sometime back. Realised her phone screenis getting worse  and has not studied for labour.
Meanwhile I am about to get on a train and have no phone coverage for over an hour 
@shanelaine so i get all my twitters sent to my phone and i always read yours about always hanging out with josh and they make me sad 
@alyssamichaela haha yay! it's actually the same phone I had before, I'm gonna die being phoneless this weekend  LOL
my phone died durring the show, and i didnt realize it. now i cant find my charger so i guess i have no phone tonight 
@feartofaith aw! this tweet didnt get sent to my phone. i so wouldve done that 
The tweets from my phone didn't update. 
@KhloeKardashian your phone lines are busy 
and then my texting habits, tweeting mostly from mobile, mp3 player and a lot more utility. adds up to a phone, drastically over used. 
It would be kind of fun to go retro and set up a bbs for grins.... except I haven't had a phone line in over 10 years... 
and my phone has not gone off at all  just work related.. this sucks man 
@fupuru I lost. I can't text message anymore because my phone is dead. 
can't sleep waiting for a phonecall 
@NatalieAxisMyst was just there....but no phone  how can you stand the heat?!!
i got my phone taken away    sad story... i get it back on sunday!!
@InKatlinsPahnts hahahah cause i can;t tweet from my phone anymore 
khloe kardashian will notanswer thee phone!  she's doing a radio show..call her 866-645-9100
So my phone is now all messed up - screen cracked and not displaying anything and the buttons broken - phone + 2m drop + tiles = #FAIL 
@angel_lisa doesn't work on my phone either 
one eye on the clock and one on the phone 
@DjInfamous804 i know you have... ,akes people NOT want to be on the phone 
@DjInfamous804 i know you have... makes people NOT want to be on the phone  but its ok... i just need happy music to get through it lol
I wonder what happened to my last two updates that I posted through my phone. They didn't go through 
stupid twit pics not working on my phone 
off to my cousins wedding in the middle of nowhere in dumfriesshire.  So remote even my phone doesnt work 
ok yeah i just did fall asleep at my chair. haha. ringing phone woke me up, caller must have been very confused by my disoriented voice 
Something is wrong with my phone, all the apps just automatically close themselves out. 
i want a new phone....mine works badly 
@sethu_j you need to find your phone  and call me at some point this afternoon xxxx
@MadSchemes you made me stressed with your skyping, stressssed. i liked being in my concrete block 
Tapsy's phone is having a rest. No more chats tonight 
Figures.... fight with the boyfriend and then the very next morning the cell phone company shuts off my phone. Phoneless for 1 week. 
says can't find my phone...  http://plurk.com/p/yu7cr
- rubbish weather and my phone still hasn't come... 
aarghhh .. twitter not working on my phone 
@McFly_xX i don't know T-T all i see is this white screen  i miss my phone!
phone service is off again, I hate being broke and not having money 
@JonGDaDon yeah but u putn out 400$ for a phone that costs 150 - 200$ n u can't put a 10 $ car charger in there?  jus fucked up
@nisib416 call me later, i didn't have my phone on me last night. sorry 
@kismet100 no phone parts yet  coming from hong kong so...........
@mina_version no camera and a broken phone? :O - you're in hell, i suppose 
@Colettejane got megans dress... do you have any instant faketan?  + i only have a tenner for tonight  phone me at half 3!!!
Just paid my phone bill.... 
my phone is destroyed. does anyone have a spare at&amp;t phone? 
bc ticketmaster doesn't work, phone lines are busy, &amp; my brother still sleeping...I'm giving up. No tickets for me 
@groovybernie i hate when that happens. if it doesn't fix itself you may need to reregister your phone 
He's mad because The shoot took too long , and he fell asleep....I'm mad cuz my phone is totally done ..now 3G or refurbished.. 
ugh..dont know what an sms device or phone thingy is...so it wont let my phone take text from twitter...this just sucks 
@broken_baja i keep having that problem - bloody mobile broadband.  it stops working without telling you 
my phone should be ringin off the hook tday with job offers 
my cel phone just broke 
@missneficole wish i can get that phone call n be all smiles  lol joking
I almost vomitted whilst on the phone, gaaaaayyyy 
@javalicious  hey!!!! I miss talking to u    when ur phone is fixed call me!
@jeremyjaeger I can't see it on my phone  I dunno abt 09's of anything. This is my first car I'm buying.
Why am I so cooold ...I can't even type on my phone properly because my thumbs are so stiff from the coldness 
why is my phone not sending my tweets 
My phone is now officially dead  I can only hope my simcard still functions so I can put it in someones phone and get everyone's numbers.
...wonderfullllll my phone just crashed and I never backed it up, so I just lost everything that was on my phone: numbers, pictures... 
@bassomatic someone stole james' laptop and phone, we couldnt find the ppl who did it so we had to file a police report 
Just found the first scratch on my phones screen 
@hot2definc phone was stolen bro....  campbell.relations@gmail.com
take that mint!my sis is there again got her phone nicked boo! wish i was there again 
No phone today.   I'll try to check twitter.
@DeviDanae  I am so sorry honeybun I might be leaving but I'll alway be with u on your mind and in your heart and only a phone call away
@bakerhead we can't get skype to work on the phone. We can just chat.  wanna get on fb?
@hannnnnaaahh ah no, i dont have any cred in my fone!  can i still do it when i top my phone up? did u do it? 
my phone doesn't work  chat with me on mypace or something.
needs a new phone already  
@justdaydreams no laughing at me....on my phone.....I was just able to click retweet 
Now its only 7 I think twidroid drains my phone 
The parental units r makin me turn off @taylorswift13  i wish i had head phones 4 my phone
Ah okay, who knows how to block phone numbers? 
Motherfucker! I just scratched my phone... Aggg and I was doing so good 
@feltbeats I can't get the site to work on my phone 
I was in such a hurry to shower and get ready that I forgot to charge my phone. 
my phone keeps randomly turning off every 30 seconds 
I want my phone back  but i have to wait until monday...
woot! lol i dont know hot to respond through my phone 
@KerriAnson  I had the same phone for ages &amp; it died about 2 weeks ago - The other one wouldn't charge anymore.  I loved that phone lol
another phone gone   taking taxis at night always from now on
watching spongebob and playing with my phone not really in a good mood 
@cassiebroadway What is that link? I'm at work (on my phone) and it isn't working. 
My phone tweets aren't working for some reason  ... but i'm taking a nap now
why are phones so expensive? 
@mcr_rocks_alot I can't send direct messages from my phone.. That sucks 
im never gonna give my phone to a 2 year old again all they do is rearrange and delete your apps and everything else on your phone  greatt
...wait, your phone misses me? YOU don't miss me?  dumb hoe.
@glitzy that was supposed to say hour of highlights bloody predictive phone that still won't let me swear. 
Serious withdrawals  thanks to those who posted pics they have been added to my phone
Heading out.. phones dying..  charger asap...
dropped her phone in the bathtub.  No more twitter. 
I think my phone is messed up..  I've been missing a lot of calls. 
my tweets from my phone didn't work throughout the contest 
@krystlezoe i heard u tryed to call me. but my phone is turn off and it wont be on until monday. so i cnt talk to ppl 
@walkaboutkiwi oh no phone too?  do u hav insurance?
my phones not charging 
everyone got a new phone. 
@ishbel did you bring yer moms cell phone? I keep trying to call it but it goes straight to the answer machine, so i guess not.. 
but my boyfriend had 2 got off the phone 
i dont feel like wating until next weekfor my phone 
one of the residents spilled her soda all over the table. I barely grabbed my phone in time&amp;it dripped onto my backpack. 
phone absolutely out of commission after nine......its ok my number will wake up to a blackberry......but it slows down my weekend. 
My phone broke!!! 
@chinigirl i never did get that email from  you   good thing we talked on the phone today.
turning twitter off my phone for a bit so I can concentrate on my work. 
leaving to city walk. sorry if it takes me a while to reply, I guess my phone doesn't let me reply to you guys 
just talked to my bestfriend on the phone.. i miss her so much! 
the internet on my phone wasn't working ALL day.  i felt so.. naked.
@MorganPayne my phone stopped charging so im waiting to get a new one in the mail.  thats why i have disappeared  ill be back this week!
@MelOhSoRetro oh  i read all the twilight books on my phone
@autismfamily I did not.  I was in the hospital.  Could not read tweets easily from my phone 
@alyssacastiglia i worked all today and then i was supposed to hang w/ someone &amp; i think his phone isnt workin b/c i didnt get a txt back 
@anightintoronto my phone just really sucks lately! idk why. 
agh!!!!! I took a picture, but this phone won't let me share it. 
@AlyssaSellman your pictures aren't working on my phone! 
Too bad I'm on my fucked up phone  thc should do this again sometime so I can join
@jnimmo it won't let me do anything without first connecting my phone 
with taylor phone is broken 
@erinmariem im so sorry! not sure if you texted me, but if you did, i did not receive them. dropped my phone while biking and its bwoken 
My phone is going to break......mow 
@beebalmdancer I can't get to ur theme song from my phone 
what a bad day my phone main screen is weird and my ipod home button is screwed up  tomarow i have to do a final exam study packet =(
@SingmySorrow i got it but my phone's broken it plays no sound 
hatin that my phone is off right now  goin to bed! nite!
its my birthday and my phone is broken  no way of communicating
Feeling a little tipsy.....wishing his phone didn't die 
@zanmac i can't even see the pic on my phone, much less rt anything. 
@MissMeigh I just now got this tweet...checked earlier and didn't see anything so wasn't sure of the plan-no phone so no call 
y does it only let me change my status on my phone n not anything else,? i cant even reply to noone 
ugh still no phone. curse the person who stole it. fuck shoes. they took all my picturesssssss. 
@janey79 no i can't vote from my phone.  but when i was home, like 5 hours ago, i got some votes in.
@phuongwin awww it didn't go to my phone so i just saw it  sorry about the kitties!
@mindila can you text your sister and ask her if my blackberry is lodged in the recliner?  I hoping not to be out 2 phones in one night 
wow i accidentally pressed some buttons when my phone was in the pocket and it said 321.... how weird it that?! should i be scared? 
@BlackloveXXX nothing smoking out and tweeting,supposed to be on my sex phone line, but i'm not in the mood 
my friend wont turn their phone on 
@xxmcr_ladyxx surgery tomarrow  have your phone back?
@DannieLovesYou *sigh* quit showing off with your texting... 
i dropped me phone in the toliett...dont ask how! but now its brokenn... ahhhh no new phone for months 
my phone is dying, but my charger is across the room.  I'm so comfortable I don't feel like getting that shit.
Molly is having problems sending texts with her phone.  So she is NOT ignoring you, she is just not able to text back 
sacrificing 5 mins of hawthorn game to print out dad's phone bill 
@_acey i LOVE that song. ps sorry i missed your calls! my phone was on silent 
so fukin sad my phones gone!!   call me house phone if you wanna chill i got 2 days off! 760 637 5296
@hautecouturedol I'm jus gettn ya message my phone died while I was in the city  http://myloc.me/2TqG
@vaguity  I'm about to go get a fucking usb cable for phone teathering fun
cross i'm not a faster runner to reach the phone 
My phone cant run music station.. 
I lost my phone charger. now i can only charge it in the car 
@coffeeshop_girl how is life besides a flattened phone? 
 ugh your phone is just being a bitch today
@shauncrucial I didn't get I'd  my phone sucks
so i was going to twitter pix my creations, but it takes forever on my phone. talk to me tweeties. thirsty. random text from joshua? 
Just synced phone to laptop and wondering when tweets to phone will be fixed 
@JustTeaching  i have no idea what a flip phone is 
says I really love my phone!!  But i need a new one. :'-( http://plurk.com/p/z1fb4
just got home and dropped her phone on her lip, so it's busted  omgggg, gnite twittttter babes!
Live streaming eats my phone battery 
Live streaming is killing my phone battery 
omg! i got a new gadget.. its a blackberry phone but i dont know how to connect it on the internet..  its kinda huge.. cool !!
No phone  This morning, my iPhone does not power on even when I connect it to an external power source (e.g. wall outlet  charger)
i dont care if i dont have bb of iphone or whatsoever. i just want my phone back 
i have been very mean to my mobile phones...i don't check them or charge them...just realized it just now 
I can't use twitter with my phone 
feeling hungover, again, and learning how to put a lock on my phone 
is going to spend the day dropping 'cllr' from people in his phone book. How depressing 
@tayla__x you lost your phone!  i was wondering why you weren't replying to my txts!
not happy...my phone charger is in shambles and i only have three bars left 
@I_enigma at least you have reception to use your mobile as a modem. No fair!  :-P
@hanifn congrats! I just dropped my phone. now I cant hear a thing, need to use speakerphone to call 
omg my phone died forever.  well at least until i find my charger cable. which i am convinced is playing a sick game of hide (and seek)
omg my phone died forever.  well at least until i find my charger cable. which is playing a sick game of hide (and not too much seek)
I wish my laptop was a phone so somebody could phone it and I could find it 
Landline is broken and won't be fixed till at least tomorrow, hence uncharacteristic lack of tweets 
@mingmingming i didn't see them today..  probably for the better. still have not made use of phone number. doubt i could.
had fun at the hard rock hotel but my phone is still off 
@DaTruTopShotta still didn't put my songs on my phone 
@mocharemel not my fault my phone's so slow  i'm done! 
@r47z heyy sorry i couldnt reply ur text. my phone is fucked up  i was asleep as well :p btw do u have anymore balmorhea songs? i heart!
I need a new phone :| papa mama please get me a new phone 
I lost my phone!!  i feel like i've lost a limb 
ahhh bored.. my phone broke!! 
still no phone!!! grrrrr.....  going to work..who works on a sunday?? me!  lol
I hate when my phone refuses to tweet 
heheh twittering from my phone; i have no life. ekornz 
@kayden_kross The voicemail warning never seems to work, does it...people still get mad at me too when I don't return thier calls 
is it weird that i still have the sticker thing on the screen of my phone? lol i don't want it to get dirty/scratched. 
ordering online isn't as fun as trying to like bridge the communications gap over the phone. 
i want a new phone  are blackberrys any good?
not recieving updates to my phone 
I am locked out of my apartment trying not to call locksmith.  But if roomie doesnt return phone calls, I wont have a choice. 
i want the sims 3!!!!  why did i pick a new phone? though i love that too! grr wish i could have a job! 
@CrystalHarris I lost my phone last night @ kandyland  how can i go about contacting the mansion to see if its there
well that is wierd that all my phone updates are out of order  my phone service is a sad panda
@meaghanmcconnel my phone is taken away by sprint i'll have it back soon  i miss your texts
My parents took my phone away for good.  i swear, they like hate me now... no joke.
and think i need a new phone as tx seems to b broken 
@calvinnajera yeah phone was dead 
@Kelsieeeee @ 5 . but my phones not working idk why . so i couldn texxt you bacck . 
my phone died and it is like trying to kick drugs not having it... no texts. no qik. no calls to friends. booo hoooo 
okay. I think I've lost my phone. 
my phones stuck in a radio loop; i can do everything BUT text till i disconfigure the damn loop 
I don't have internet on my phone anymore so i don't think i can use twitpic anymore 
 I keep missing my little brothers phone calls from kutar
waiting for a phone call from my best friend, I hope she's not forgotten 
@beaubont can't look, I'm on my phone and it needs flash  remind me tomorrow?
I still have not been able to get my verizon phone to work with this 
@austinmonster We tried to invite you guys but nobody picked up the phone. 
just got homeee. need to revise  me and charley just recorded our phone call. sooo cool 
@xerodesignsjl but twitter doesn't support em! I don't want them to hack my phone 
@thisisbob your question didnt come through to my phone 
@_huny i even tried to get on my phone but it wouldnt post 
@xTURDx fyl. ;) uhm...pretty sure my phone is messing up. 
@babysista u got it on ur phone? wow they dnt have the satellite in japan so i can only get it online 
Everyone's giving out phone numbers... I feel left out 
My phone doesn't function 
@GingerFresh yes same phone  but I never use it when I get home I'll get something better until then...
poor rita she cant tweet her phone died...rest in peace princess255's phone 
i guess im not hanging with ash? her phone is off. 
@whymommy so glad your hospital has wifi so we can hear from you!  When I was in having Babess, not even allowed a cellphone 
@SummerLovesVFC I can't see it on my phone. sorry.  but good to hear you're feeling better!
hate when folk don't answer their phones 
@candysparksgirl i was sick this morning.  hes playing with my phone XD AndWe'llFlyAwaySoFarAwayILoveYou
fel's phone! but not the same ringtone  i will miss you title and registration.
I was reading the tweets that got send to me while lying down with my phone above my face, i dropped it &amp;it hit me in the mouth 
I really need a bb charger phone dying 
i looooove souljaboy tellem's son kiss me thru the phone aww it so awesoooome why cant he follow me  love you soulja ;D
@nitsirk_ oops i did it  but im on my phone so
@lustforlife87 i kno how u feel son i think i lost my phone 
@FreeBleuDaVinci lol. yeah... I figure I don't really care that much about the phone. lol. But now that I can't get twitter on my celly 
is fed up.....really fed up.....i miss my sister 2 much..just wish i could pick up the phone and talk to her or have her here to help 
I feel nekkid cuz my phone died 
@DeathbyUnicorns  you and your phone problems.
just got back from swimming with the dolphins...watching the game now. hi laura i miss u my phone isnt working out here anymore 
i soooo hate my phone!!!!! This storm is going back... it doesnt even feel like i have a blackberry... 
just talked to selena gomez on the phone ...then it got hung up 
just talked to selena gomez on the phone ...then it got hung up 
this phone isnt letting me twit pic ... cant wait to get my blackberry 
@ms_nunez well than don't say i am either loser. i'm still waiting on that phone call 
Just got off the phone with @tpaingold and @chazedwardz and I wish I was gettin crunk with them in az 
... sucks.. i have cricket.. it doesn't support twittering from my phone 
The battery life on this phone is beginniN to fail me 
missing the fact my phone has no sound what so ever 
@Girlinacoma don't forget to send ME pics too.. i don't always have internet on my phone... 
i don't know why i can't respond on the phone to any posts 
my mom took my phone  whatever.
I need a update for my phone  ubertwitter doesn't work
Is asleeep. Grounded.  no phone leave it here or myspace.
has washed and half dried her phone... I may need to make one of those annoying facebook groups now. 
phone JUST broke 
maannnnn my phone going dead.  no way to charge it lol
@banjoist123 Aww. {{{hugs}}} I am not looking forward to this. I keep waiting for the phone call from my sister who cares for her. 
deleted. everything on my phone deleted. curse the cell phone gods 
Pretty boring weekend I must say.. wish I had my phone 
@andtella I'm sorry you lost your phone stella.  *hugs*
in freeport, no phone service ohh 
ugggh!!! My phone is playing hide and seek with me... It's winning. 
someone stole my wallet and my phone 
so i get back to the states... finally turn on my phone... step out of the airport... and it flies out of my hands. broken 
@MichFresse ugh I hear ya sister, also, I'm annoyed ubertwitter doesn't work on my phone 
hey i had to change my panel&amp; now my phone is stuck for a week in the mobile store  really it sucks.i had hoped for it to come back soon
i can't find my phone!  who will someone call it in a vain hope that a nice person has picked it up?
arghhhh! lost my phone for a day!  but I found it now bahaahh!
shit! my phone wasnt paid so now i have no phone! 
Not able to sleep and my phone is about to die. I wish it could just be morning so we could go for another liquor run already. 
twitterrific on my phone isn't working, hence my lack of tweets. 
my phone is broken sux 
Guys I lost my phone at pride  stay posted for updates 
dropped my phone in my root beer- pretty sure it's a goner....R.I.P phoney!! 
tweeting from my phone for the first time: having silent inner tantrum - I don't wanna go! 
and we enter minute number 14 on the phone to telstra. I did possibly forget about that $1000 I owed 
goodnight world I'm so tired I can't even hold the phone up to tweet anymore 
@r0xii doesn't show on my phone either 
@epikREN awhh  gah, my phone is plain chunky. and all i use it for is texting...I NEED AN ASIAN PHONE :| good thing i'm going to hkg soon~
still waiting on my replacement phone got some important contacts i need...lost my keys too...bad week 
@fallen_angel69 - ReTXT me - my phone crashed before I could read it. 
@shilpig yes.. wanted to tell you but always remembered after hanging up the phone 
Ouch dropped the phone on my toe!! 
@EMerlo4 well u said earlier it was annoying that everyones tweets were going to ur phone? and you suck 
why do our phone calls always end up like tht 
i so need a phone with wifi features right now!!! 
in the bus, annoyed by a lady who's on the phone since before I got on and she speaks rather loud  giving me headache.
then my phone died so i coodnt get a lift  then we got a $113 fine then i drank red bull ;)
@xbllygbsnii scanning stuff :$ arsed  looking to upgrade contract, BUT i want the same phone in pink - its no theeeere :'(
gawd. lost my cellphone!!! WTF. 
My phone almost went in the toilet  it was scary!!!!!
just spoke to mum on the phone, i wana be in spain 
someone broke into my car if u know my number pleeeeease call it the cops are already found one guy lookin 4 other and my phone 
@DrewCPU : our photographer did write on my fb wall during the wedding  my phone was dead 
@hebyo im on my phone and not allowed on computer 
goin now bu bi peeps still on the phone 
@NessaSlashRice my friendss frnd won  we wouldnve goteen a phone call by now if we did win
@kimtagg well, not much man kai putol2 amung txt. i think naguba akong phone  i need to buy a new one. AMP! lol
hates my new phones 
oh no! my phone didn't charge last night 
T.T i called to my bestfriend's house many times! no one ever picks up the phone. T.T i miss her. 
My phone isn't telling me when I have tweets. 
@daniellegrossi Do you know her personally? I've been calling her. Shes not answering her phone 
@scott_mills No chappers today? noooooo not even on the phone? 
Going to school for the next 8hrs. with no phone 
@Matrixpro I watch mine on a tv. I can't watch on my phone. It don't have the abillity 
ugh...my phone is outta comission, and ofcourse I needed to make a few calls 
thanks to a call from mom this morning forgot my phone at home 
At laurena granpas tanning in his driveway phone is broken so don't text me 
@TearlessPoet I forgot my phone , so no twitting  but anyways how was your wkd?
jeez i really need to put up a picture. iv no internet at home  only this stupid phone
TWITTER...why do you deny me @Jonasbrothers updates on my phone? What have I ever done to you? 
zzzzzzz.......cant reply ppl via mobile phone! 
 Phone battery finally decided to pack it in - if anyone wants my temporary number gimme a tweet.
She called her boy,but he didn't pick up the phone 
ooooooooh the i-phone is being used for terrorism 
@saraparker Looks dead!, the cat was smiling, shame it didn't show up on my phone 
@FEENIXNICOLE check your msn.. I sent you the new banner for the website tell me if you like via tweet i left my phone at home 
The screen on my phone started working again... but only for about 20sec. 
@MiriamCheah i cant check ur DMs now cause im on my phone but i will check them when i get home 
turn my computer off cause there is lightning  talk later peeps although i may come on on my phone
I am gagging to have the love takes over on my phone 
quick tweet from my phone, i'm scared 
@karriedaway aw damn i cant see! my phone memory is too full it wont load the page 
twitter is messed up on my phone 
I miss @littleG_ so muuuch and i'm sorry hun i don't have battery on my phone anymore  . i'll try to call you how was your day babe ?
uuuuuuuuggghhhh! no real player on my phone. 
Pissed I have to look at tb sale on ruelala from my phone!  
@Jeanetteix i think my phone hates me..  it got your previous tweet, but not the one @ me, weird...
my phone hates your tweets  i'm only getting like half of them  turning off device updates for a bit
i just want to go get my phone fixed! 
my ear phone s jus broke dan it I'm salty as heck... 
waiting on the phone insurance to send me my new phone!!! i haven't gotten any messenger pigeons yet tho  haha
I'm suppose to be doing a few things right now, but since I didn't get my phone charger OR my camera yesterday, I'm can't do anything... 
My phone didn't charge last nite not going to last much longer  boooo . 2bars left..
twitter is crashing my phone 
@Nicnax666 i cant click links on my phone  whats it say??!
wow... woke up a bit late.... and my phone isn't working so my alarm didn't go off 
broke my phone  what a tit i am !
been on the phone this afternoon, pitching briefings with a cold is no good 
I cant even look at the background of my phone with out wanting to cry  i need to think positive
might get my phone taken away for the whole summer 
 telemarketing calls on my skype number - that sux
@tallcathy not fairrrrr  get me sidneys phone number!! hah
i am the worst daughter ever. no computer for the rest of the week. phone updates will be on though so @reply/text me. 
phone is being dumb.... 
At the store all day and my phone is dying 
sitting on my bed bored ..blah .. still dont have my phone 
im starting to think im not cell phone friendly... all of my phones just seem to keep breaking.  *tears*
needs a new phone. needs a camera. needs money 
@JuicyJenBunnick it does indeed!!!!  See ya hun! ill call u some point when my phone bill refreshes! 
my phone's like dead.... 
after my phone killing itself, as has my ipod, and its gorgeous smashed up screen. i love my life. 
Shutting off my phone i guess cuz its too distracting and tempting when i needa memorize bio. 
off to sleeps. With no phone calls! 
What totally sucks about it is, I used my upgrade for that phone, and now I have to re-purchase the device outright 
my mom's phone fell into a cup of water today and now it won't work.       {9}
my phone broke. 
just got home and im upset my twitterrific isn't working on my phone 
Having a phone without a camera, is like having pancakes without syrup 
downloading phone games. thats what you get when you get a new phone. 
My phone broke 
___just got off the phone with elliott. Aw, hope he gets his jeffy back 
@EricsTXGal i will when I get home, phone no play blip 
My uncle's phone is freakin cool! Ah all the older people are getting the sweetest phone's  can't wait to get mine.
my house is such a dead zone for any wireless phone carrier 
@rzavoyna I need you online right now  or for iraq to give you a phone.
@drewseeley i never get through :/ please reply to make me feel better. my dinner is cold because i was holding the phone for 40 minutes! 
where's everybody? there was none of them whom pick up my phone call 
This is the longest I have gone without texting 
i can't figure out how to twitter someone from my phone  I'm missing you too Sarahbear!!
@stevewojc I didn't get it till late cause my phone died and I wasn't home that day 
@live1day my phone was charging so I couldn't tweet. 
Hey #trackle i could really use a new iphone. I just spent my phone upgrade money on a new calculator for class 
using the web to tweet, phone is crap 
i got a new phone today! env touch. it's weirddddd. i sorta feel sorry for my old phone. like a LOT.  hahaaa.
I need to my a friggin memory card for my phone  that's the 1 thing u can't replace when ur phone is lost or stolen 
someone buy me a new phone 
@WilyOdysseus I have youtube on my phone if I can search 4 the video but if its private I will have 2 wait till I get home 
Just got off the phone.. my dad called me saying that his prostate cancer might have returned. He goes for tests friday 
@rhymeone considering your phone call woke me up, no. haha. i can't believe i slept at 6.30!  half a day wasted
how do a twitter on my phone? I'm confused 
still no phone but maybe soon. i got decline for a personel loan 
@BeatleBugg19 lost your phone on haunted mansion two seconds after they said the ride had &quot;broken down&quot; 
Talking to my grandmama on the phone. I miss her  i miss all my cousins in the philippines 
got in trouble, no cell phone or computer for a week...see you later twitter 
i lost my phone n didnt do my hw 
I fell backwards onto my phone... and the screen was crushed, now I have to get a new one... I wasn't budgeting for that 
@ComeOnEILEEN87 just called ya. your phone is turned off 
@kluska07 i won't have a phone until wednesday dudeeee  this sucks i feel so weird without it
@ai_nante ANOTHER TEST, 'cause tweets aren't working on her phone 
and it sucks he lost his phone now i cant talk to him when i want to or text him little love notes 
Has lost another potentially record breaking game of brick breaker thanks to my phone turning off!! 
omg!! just lost my phone!! 
tried restarting my phone .. but instead of turning off .. the screen turned white and it won't turn off..nooooo 
why is my phone the only one w/o a twitter app damn it 
sooo my phone fell in the toilet..nd def aint workin right now 
My phone keeps turning off. 
@ChrissyP510 hey you need to text or call me! I got a new phone and since my old phone was destroyed I don't have your number 
ooooooops phones bout to die  , putting on charger noww
Just got a new phone!! But I lost a bunch of numbers 
@okmeyer1 yep i am alive and in tulsa! finally took a shower but still without a phone  hopefully that will be fixed soon! yay bonnaroo!
and when I got out my phone was dead :[[ it lived for 2 weeks  ughh.
No I just dropped my phone trying to put it in my pocket 
I love having an hour long phone conversation with my best friend about absolutely nothing. I miss her. 
@gattaca dude your lucky, mine connects intermittently, then I gotta restart the phone, even disable/enable doesn't bring it back 
#iremember having to dial *69 to see who just called..because their wasnt any caller id. 
mannnn  i WAS sleep then the phone rang and i tlkd on it now im back wide awake *le sigh*
I cant leave my room and the msn on my phone isn't working plus i have no one to text and i cant sleep  this sux
@huntermoore my phone broke  thats why i havent been keeping in touch. i miss you though. im getting a new phone by wednesday
Just downloaded a tweet app for me google phone. On way to work now. 
@aydos gimmie a break, seriously? if you REALLY wanted to listen to nu nrg the phone wouldn't stop you 
@CaTheMediaJunki, call my house phone in the morning, ma didn't pay my cell phone bill 
no phone day # 7  this is getting tough
My girlfriend isn't answering the phone 
He gave us a 15 min break and i decided to go out side and just chill until the break ended som1 cheated on me  (phone call recieved)
@stitchie I did, no sign to be found   I'm so cannot get use of using other type of phone.  So handicap 
@IBredRaptors I wanted to follow you immediately, but could not say &quot;follow her!&quot; from my phone 
sigh... why is the internet so sllooowwww...  trying to update the firmware on my phone for 2 days 
my phone just died  bout to watch some true blood and pass out
Really wish I didn't get 8.30am phone calls everyday 
@barneystephens thanks. The issue isnt so much that i have no phone, it's more that i have no music, or phone numbers now 
my phones broke 
pick up tha phone hunie 
I just erased all my pictures of my phone I'm devastated 
My phone is pathetic  xxx
@davjr but it wanted to go swimming... i couldnt say no... now he wont come back. i'm a bad phone owner 
@Alshie And it's the folks on the phone, not the store that need to actually do the upgrade. 
@ManxStef thank you. the phone number still works...but y'kow people may just not have tried it, cos it looks odd. 
@SammieSparrow lol odds on ill probably lose this along with my bloody phone 
@laurennnyo i got some but likeeee. not many LOL and my brother hid his camera so i only took my phone 
hi mom, give me back my phone ! 
 phone on the verge of dying - smartphone indeed, come on guys build a better battery #G1
it's boring not being able to use twitter from my phone 
feels lost without her phone!  xx
I get so nervous when I call the radio station! I should know by now that my phone is too slow to be caller #7. 
Why isn't my phone ringing at all.  miss you man. - http://tweet.sg
I wish @natashaax's phone call yesterday didn't get cut off cause I wanted to talk to her but I don't have enough money on my phone  awell
On the hunt for a google android phone cause it impresses me in a nerdy way, they are all to damn expensive/really long contract though 
cant find my phone 
@g_prasannah y its taking eons for ur phone to get repaired........ 
@jadeheart yea, happened about 5 hours after the last #barkhunt! this was the last picture taken on my phone  http://twitpic.com/6usk7
My phone won't charge  fml
I loveeee working in a basement with no service on my phone 
my phone was dead for 2 days and no missed calls. no one ever misses me 
Finally has twitter on my phone, it's a pretty crappy app thou 
Still no internet.  good thing i can go on my phone :-D x
i just missed a load of phonecalls trying to climb through a window dad failed to fix. don't feel up to phone calls right now though 
I got back like an hour ago..my phone hates me. 
has had a busy die and now my phone battery has died 
just paid me phone bill, the buggers turned me phone off!! 
@antonianell And do you have any fresh ginger you can spare? WAs going to phone but my address book got wiped today 
@PinkBerryGirl its just iam going to have to turn off the blackberry service coz it will cost to much so ill be limited to phone and text 
waiting for nancy to call back &lt;3 my phone is fucked up  gotta go to the t-mobile store....
no phone til 7pm  left my charger at work.
@lyseebee i never got your updates to my phone  water balloons already? haha
What does it cost to make a local call from a pay phone nowadays? 
really needs a tmobile phone  fuck my life lol I suck
wow i have alot of @replys im behind on sry bout that! phone internet doesnt offer that box.. only 140 characters on phone 
Yes, it means that we won't be able to tweet anymore  well we will when I get my phone back I guess? @SuzanneHeleneV
I guess my phone isn't receiving texts  what the hell.
@ubertwiter should use twitpic when adding pics from your phone not uberpic. 
@ittybitty072887 damn I can't see your background from my phone 
this twitter thing is hard to do on a phone!  lol
is getting annoyed at mobile twitter. Why or why is it not workin on my phone properly 
So weird that I am not able to receive tweets to my phone right now, I feel cut off to the outside word 
broke my phone this am  luckily my host mom has an old blackberry she's letting me stash my sim card in it. Thanks steph!!
@candiesephoria pick up your phone sis  .
My twitter on my phone won't update... 
My phone broke  i hate touch screen phones.
@aaroncarter7 my phone just disconnected or something. idk 
feels so lost without her phone!! 
@polarna10 I mean, I figured, but I wanted to know cause I can't find my phone. 
no twitters are sending to my phone right now 
sad that twitter won't work on my phone 
step 3:  next time don't forget to pay phone bill   my poor neglected phone is not working at the moment
Also need my dads old phone 
No tweets are getting sent to my phone 
Awwws, I miss my big sister emily!  daily phone calls with her make me cry
#squarespace I'm risking a sick day to post this... I need a phone for me and my girlfriend 
im bored an i want my phone back 
fucking oath i cant tweet to much otherwise my phone will go flat and ill miss my shit stack call, 
@stephenfry you miss the downtime notices on phones apparently 
hmmm note to self... keep a closer eye on phone bills :s new phone = data = money 
@alliekinsss baaaby. call my mom's phone. I think I called your gma's house but no one answered 
My phone isn't working with twitter or text messages or somethign 
I'm not getting twits to my phone 
#whiletwitterwasdown I jumped on my laptop thinking maybe its my phone while cursing tmobile out...but it wasn't, I'm sorry tmobile 
My phone got run over while it was playing in the road 
@hollywoodron I can't watch video on my phone 
talking to paige on da phone! not my moms cell just the house phone  
The phone fell off the bed. I tot it's my tv remote 
@ UZZZ09B i cannot use twitter on my phone. also: herd u has no phone bummers  i has limited internets also bummers.
why can i not text tweets from my phone? 
just got home and my mms aren't working on my phone 
@peterfacinelli - i dropped my phone in the water  make a joke to make me happy! haha
out with parental units...phone is dead atm 
why aren't i getting tweets on my phone? 
Just found out someone in my family was dying only to get a phone call 20 minutes later to find out she already passed 
Trying to figure out why tweets didn't go to the phone today.  So could've used the laughs while stuck in meetings.  
#haveyouever Dropped your phone in the toilet? I HAVE! 
@shell0085 I can't get updates to my phone at all 
Just checking to see if i can still send updates from my phone :\ 
just saw my phone bill...it's awfully costly  texting...texting...texting...
i don't get any twitters and my texts come in about three hours late. what's wrong with my phone? 
@bluucircles if only my grandmother still had her fake rotary phone! ...we could've just spray painted it 
: ahhh wtf my phones trippin ! ughhhhh  .
@SarahSpillman my phone is nonfunctional, i'm sorriessszszs  i'm selling it soon!
this phone is such a fuck up. i miss my old phone   twas my baba
soooooo my phone is broken smh so im not ignoring messages or calls i just cant get it 
@twitter Why cant I get to twitter via my mobile phone anymore??? I used to be able to now I cant 
@katiegb_78 Off the phone... I wanna give her a hug now...  I can't even imagine not having her around every single day...
@canndyy my mom took me away my cell phone... dont send me sms! ill miss you   goodbye everyone, i hope see you tomorrow
Ah fuck my phones dying 
Phone's decided that I don't deserve a sim card 
@SNoon85 ps if you have texted me or anything lately i have not gotten it. lost my phone.  
phone is under construction  haha
i hate my phone. sorry @whatyoudeserve 
grrrr my phone got cut off  lol forgot to pay the bill
Still no updates sent to phone 
my phone wont type so i can never tweet 
and my phone no longer functions as a phone. i cant make calls or get them  but i can txt and mobile web...
interview first thing in the morning then doctors. cell phone is being stupid 
Sitting in the middle of a hallway at the airport just to charge my phone. CRACKberry status 
Omw back from the valley! Phones gonna die! 
damnit. no updates are getting sent to my phone 
@ErickSZ  I turn it off mobile phone play because they group it under permission to be used by other forms of media etc.
is loving his new phone, except that it doesn't have @cristinalaria on the background 
is avoiding reading for bio by trying to restore all the contacts she lost when her phone got stolen   i need ur number ;)
It's a good thing I've had the same cell phone # for 10 years, just got a call from an old friend. 
@emilyeff sorry! my computer is sucha 'lil bitch. and i would text you but car has my phone 
ugh phone is dying cant talk to anyone until it charges up 
flip phone just broke in half. can't receive texts or know who's calling for a few days I guess. I bet I can't even get my numbers....... 
@Fjojo awwww i understand now!  btw my phone is broke and i NEED your assistance 
Just got off the phone with the hubby.... this sucks!  I miss him! 
Why aint i gettin anyones twitter updates on my phone? 
@joesalamone i dont think updates are going to my phone  try at me
i just took off all my phone charms. 
...poor phone. i know i treated you wrong.  please forgive me.. i mean. you can still operate, just not the front of you. i love you.
twitter wont work from my phone 
damnit....my phone is about to die...im too lazy to walk downstairs and get the charger though 
@projectsboy hey I'm sorry I didn't answer earlier on aim, my phone died  but most def we talk tom!
My phone is not getting updates and I don't know how to fix it 
Phone hasn't been workin  was at the mall all day!!! I even had to use a fuckin pay phone fml. Lol.
@EmmaStOne um...I'm trying to post it w/the @ sigh from my phone 
aww fuckin left my phone at home and lost my pill  fuuuck lmao
back from florida. and my phone is broken. 
wants to know why updates arn't being sent to her phone 
okk im not getting any updates to my phone. something is very wrong. 
@aaroncarter7 thanks for picking up your phone when i called  #ac
and i'm sorry i didn't reply, kristin (@titanband2010). my phone was in a drawer. far from me.  #branson09
man fuck twitter!!!!  it's being a bitch with my phone still
my phone. isaac!   
oh no! my phone is running out of battery and i dont know how im getting home! 
is pissed that he has to use this crappy phone til he gets a new one.  
@xobritbabeox !!! My phone Tweets haven't been working today either  I hope your mom feels better soon, she'll get better fast!!
@zachc32 I wasn't even a bitch  and I told you I got a new phone and everything !
Her phone sucks.  
@got2lovekia u seem mad on the phone right now. 
@beantweets hey beans!!!! i don't tweet cos no smart phone 
@lluviav Ugh I totes would have replied earlier but for some raeson I'm not getting your updates sent to my phone 
everything just deleted off my phone!!  poor hiptop 
@roflpaige I hate your phone, and why do you feel like shit? 
@artgarciia my phone shut down and loggd me off aim 
@geekishpirate meh  I'm sure you'll get some other really good phone though ;)
I keep checking my phone for msgs, then remembering it's not on silent any more  #NigelNoFriends
My phone fell down the crack between my bed and my wall.  I'm scared to reach down there.
twitter, why won't you work on my phone? 
:'( I've had my phone wif me the whole time and i got in the shower 4 5 mins and i missed them call 
is giving up on trying to freaking get twitter updates on my phone 
at mummys wait for dinner.  i want to go home and use the phone
@andyclemmensen i used my txt on the wrong number because i was one of the first to txt but it used my credit for some crazy tones shit 
yea well i fell over and cut my knee  then my phone stopped working :@
born 2 be cheap. just lost inet + phone connection 
@b3ansss t mobile is not going to be nice to me soon 
's phone didn't ring the whole day  someone please spam my phone @ 92385764 ! &lt;3
thinks everyone should stop moaning that they haven't got iphone 3.0 because I haven't even got a phone 
twitters not been workin' on my phone, lately 
in my defense I didn't reconize the phone number 
@Masterface I hate phoning places too. Everything is so impersonal on the phone ps hope your not allergic to carryduff 
Gradually winning the battle with the new phones, have fixed line working, have internet working, but not phone thru internet yet 
Tweets aren't coming to my phone today, either. 
6:42? why am I not sleeping you ask? bcuz I was to lazy to put my phone on silent1 
suks my mum took my phone off me   i wont b gettin no phone calls from short stack boo hoo
alright, what's up twitter? i haven't gotten any messages sent to my phone in the past two days and i know my twitterers are twittering! 
six flags for the day! i wish i had twitter on my phone  #squarespace
bleeegh, not getting tweets to my phone and i cant find my yellow converse  uuuughnothappy.
@sinjax I left my phone charger at home, phone's dead. If you need me twitter is best I guess. I hit my head whilst tidying, hurts again 
@princessparadox and i forgot my mobile phone at home. i feel like something is missing 
I wish I knew how to twitter on my phone... signed up for widget (i think its called), but I cant really access it 
is trying to set up her phone with twitter but its not workin 
i just realised that i've spent almost the entire morning on the phone. i miss you 
HEy twitts dang i miss my phone. this is y i am out of comission... 
kinda tired . phone woke me up ! 
sorry for the lack of twitterness over the last while. the application on my phone isnt working 
no phone  ughh going to work today !!!!!  this completely suckss big onesss -.-
twitter is still not working on my phone  what will entertain me at work? jasooon fix it pleassssse
tmi but i need to pee but i can't leave the phone until laura comes back from her meeting. when's that? i don't know 
not getting alerts from twitter to my phone 
@pittspilotswife I'm still just getting the dang tweets online...not on the phone 
the screen from my phone doesn't want to turn on 
uh my phone's text time is still messed up 
why dont tweets go to my phone? 
back of phone fell in a lake. 
not having a good tech day. cant' get gmail to come to my phone. I give up 
@miamismartgirl me neither  my phone had no messages at all in the morning... usually i already have 40 by the time i wake up!
Phone alarm clock fails again. 
I'm not getting updates sent to my phone for some reason  if i don't reply.. I'm sorry!
@lyseebee idkk have you been getting any updates to your phone? because i havent got any for like a day... 
@JasonBradbury I am still waiting for my phone network to make the update for the N96 available.  Other networks have it.  
My district manager just went in on me But hey I'm in da bx now but can't use my phone 
my mommys on the phone and I can't hear the radio good  lol
@SeanSpengler09 actually no...just a couple of the pooch from my phone, the camera broke  lol
sitting at sfo, no wifi, phone doesn't tether 
@qsrider99 And now you get pulled over for texting while driving 
she has twitter now, and doesn't check cellphone text anymore 
@kimcfly what has mitchel done?! i cant see on my phone 
@PRsarahevans warranty covers parts if they break, unfortunately YOU lost your phone 
trying to open my account on my sprint cell phone  wont let me 
@simondoggett I would like to install iphone 3.0 but phone is with the insurance company  with a huge crack in the screen 
It's weird checking my phone to find it all not spammed by twitter 
@EyeCandyVannie yes I did get my phone...did u get my email last night..and i won't hear that song cuz i refuse to go to the club w/o u 
Ahh my phone is so glitchy now  gunna have to buy a new one soon
Trying to program my new phone but it's not working.... 
Why is my stupid phone saying I have a message! I have checked every possible location 
@alexandergray you can hear me singing in those videos too! ha! but not at all! i might be going. i want to but its those or a new phone. 
And the water-based paint i used on my phone just totally wiped off... 
Is having phone problems 
My phone is out of commision if you need me tweet me  #squarespace
Oh and if only lens phone didnt die i would know whats going on at the parade 
@bbezanson already happened. I can't hit the activation server so can't update my phone to 3.0 yet. 
here i thought forgetting your cellphone at home is bad,not having your wireless with it is much worse!!its like feeling useless w/o it 
@CJIII I need 2 hang my head in shame cuz I missed it  I was yappin on the phone LOL. I have 2 find out when it repeats so we can discuss!
i think my gf's phone is on its last leg 
So I have my new phone. Now I just have no contacts in it  Hopefully can get that done tonight.
My parents are not back from there annerversary dinner! So im here in the dark on my phone with no power!  happy annerversary!!!
@shultquist  -- obvious question: did you try restoring the phone to factory defaults?
@dreamandhope oh so you  answer this but not your phone gotcha 
@oceanUP naw man .. I just found that my phone is slower now 
i don't think I can receive calls/call/text anyone until my iphone is backed up  it's not even halfway done
hates my phone. 
@BT wish I could but I can't...  not for my phone...
@paaaulaaac because my phone is dumb 
@lavardera I'm all upgraded to 3.0 and can't think of a thing I should be doing on my phone right now 
i wanna know why @dishnetwork is charging me extra for not having a phone line at home..this makes me sad 
http://www.weather.com/mobile/textmessaging.html get a 36-hour forecast sent to your phone (for those of us without smartphones and stuff 
twitter isnt working on my phone 
@thedinnerlady I have wine! all is good (no phone call from job interview  )
wants her phone now! why'd it have to break?! 
didnt have enought to update my phone on my lunch  guess i have to wait until i get home tonight....
no phone;no twitter 
My mobile is down. 
Phone bill nearly brought me to tears. 
preparing a funeral for my phone (it's dying) -- am very sad 
my stupid phone hasn't rang or anything all day, no texts either,  no one loves me
my phone is screwed   no reception, no internet, my ringtones are gone, my contacts are gone. ihateyou, telstra.
so the iphone 3.0 upgrade did mess up my contacts  added peeps from my gmail address book, which i don't use for phone contacts.
I still wanted to talk with him earlier on the phone, but I can't stand it any longer. I'm really really REALLY sleepy  Gnight, tweets! x
@WendiTV A brick is an electronic device, usually a phone, that is dead after an upgrade 
performing a delicate operation on mummy's phone, she said she'll kill me if anything goes wrong 
Just dropped my phone in the toilet.. 
I want a new phone  , any suggestions
got a new phone. *sigh* How the heck did I manage to throw my phone into a cup of water? 
I  am ready for some D&amp;D tonight...but my poor phone is dead 
I need a phone charger quick or else i will have no access to anyone outside of work! carl.gaffney@asb.co.nz if u don't hear from me 
ahh, i have to pack  but i got a new phone and my permit, (: yayyy!
@fatjeff @NEENZ i can honestly say i dont use my phone that much, now a macbookpro awwww yeeaah! $10 to upgrade ipod touch 
I'm tired of never getting phone calls from my friends and family...tired of fb taking the place of one-on-one conversations. 
My phone is down to two battery bars 
argh the wifi on my phone won't work anymore :@ and my cough is so bad tonight i can't sleep cause of it 
My phones about to die 
Omgsh i have to give my parents 160 dollars for my new phone.  i dont wanna have to pay ***Zachdj***
I can't believe the new apple software doesn't work on my phone 
@Finestangel1 i can't update cos it's an unlocked phone... 
has her new phone, but the battery is crap. has to wait for a new one  oh well I can still flip it ooooo
seems to me that my phone off 
never mind! found it! i made up my bed with the phone under the sheets 
my phone is not working  so texting me is not an option.
haven't done chores. i want my phone 
another phone causalty. worst luck ever with these devices  bf left so now bff is coming!
@codemaker they support is by the phone.. and mine doesnt have support at all   http://www.pandora.com/on-windowsmobile
just found out cant get a new phone until july 11th 
lost my phone. just fyi 
idk what id do without my phone..  i would never leave my phone just to go a friends house. id make them bring me back and get it.. :O ;)
going hate her hiptop phone so bad 
If I don't text back, my phone has officially split in half.  hopefully my dad will let me get a new one...
On the phone with my baby. I miss him so much. 
Talking on the phone with my baby..I miss him!! 
@ampla the ring tone work  oh well i actually payed for a song on my phone waiting for sprint to have it as ring tone:l
phone is updating again  this is long backuping  http://thevoiceoftheish.wordpress.com/
try to make an itunes account cause my phone deleted all my songs and ringtones pissed 
getting off the laptop. it's about to go dead       but i'll tweet from my phone if anything amazingly halarious happens.lol.
I miss all the non-phone stuff I used my phone for, like as an egg timer. I just burned my dinner w/o it 
@backinstereo i really want to follow him but can't until i log in via phone internet but he's so cute in that one interview 
@jonasgrrl i dont rememeber i think it may have been on my phone so i wouldnt have seen it 
@zipplockbag i shouldn't have waited to update my phone. now i must wait til tomorrow for your magic admin powers to upgrade my itunes 
@raysa i want a new phone too.... sprint needs some new phones!  i can't get the palm pre yet 
@girltrumpet I'm not ignoring you, my phone has been dead for days! 
iPhone 3.0 upgrade turned my phone into a brick... if you had thought about calling me, perhaps email is best 
my phone is now in half ...i want an iphone ! 
@blathering was at work from 8 to 630 today  as soon as i walked into my cube, the phone started ringing 
mcdonalds wifi for 1 min then no internet  sent message with phone # sorry.
is eating a nice warm bowl of ramen and mourning the fact that she's getting her phone and ipod taken away tonight....  i hate my lifeeee!
just talked to my dad on the phone, I miss him 
I think my phone is bein ugly again  last twat. Nighttt
sooo glad to be home. no more rain  @alisonpieroni phone is fixed, picture is lost. fml and today!
@meber yup...i've been trying for 11 hours to have a working phone...nothing 
twitterfon ftw(: much easier to type than on my cheap crappy phone . I miss my other phone  errrr, your bf won't mind @Martusiia &lt;3
Ps. My phone is dying too! 
Seriously considering getting the new iPhone - sorry g1 phone. 
@lalalalaurynn ahh my phone won't let me, im sry  it says it can't send it's type of file..
i could cry right now  this phone has my entire summer schedule on it  and my alarms, and contacts and notes!!  :'( not in a good mood
@wstmjonathan oh no broken phone  all fixed? actually i just got a new phone too. yes surf sounds good what day is looking good for you?
@acacia_scott &amp; @anasanaturals I need your pins again I reset my phone and lost all my contacts 
 no phone call, no text, nothing....12:30
@neondecember: You should go offline and answer your phone. 
For some reason, twitted hasn't been working in my phone  iiiidk.
@taylormcleod my phone has been updating for almost 3 hours now... i think it might be gone for good now 
I sure could use some cheesecurds, but the hubby does not answer his phone...so I am not going to bed a happy camper!!! 
does anyone have a spare tmobile phone i can use? i cracked my screen on my g1 
@merners I get device updates on my phone, but I didn't seem to get your twitter. It makes me sad 
@iamdesmond I can't use my phone for now cus of the download failure 
Upgraded to 3.0 but now I have no phone service. Sads... 
my phone has reached its final days 
@brittanyphantom My phone is out of minutes. 
Ugh wth my stupid phone only sends me the tweets it wants to or something...not cool 
Has lost her mind, and yes, has lost her phone.  
forgot my phone at home .... again 
@Macklicious so i just saw that you asked what work i was at... sorry. the twitter updates to my phone are messed up 
I think my phone has no reception in my room? 
i missed my twins phone call! tear  i am HORRIBLE at answering my phone...i leave my phone in my room and end up downstairs not hearing it
@sashafierce_com JoNaTHaN is up neXXt. ;) ...i was on the phone w/ my brother  i saw his dance on mute. oOps.but hesgettingAMAZINGreviews!
waiting for mum to get off the phone so she can take me to toyas 
cat--dont know how to respond on my phone 
@iheartducks yeah m2, and i have been using the same phone for 3 years 
too mad i did that 3.0 update. now my phone isn't jailbroken anymore... whatever!... going to bed.... so dissapointed. 
@gdinong i dont have vanessas number! my i got a new phone and done have a bunch of my old numbers in it 
@UnicornCherDen - I miss him too  You should text me on your dads phone.. I miss youu ! !
getting our internet turned off tonight at midnight...this sucks  I'll still be able to update everyone from my phone though...much love
@shanedawson same-mine just got soaked by the rain.fml HAHA jks. but seriousl,y my phone got soaked 
@KimKardashian I had to take mine off my phone cuz I got tired off hearing it beep so much. 
@kaitlyn_salonga no it's not working... i hate my phone/life...   and don't worry - i'm sure you'll do just fine - and i'm really patient!
I dunno if my phones even working now. 
*stares at her regular phone* I feel left out 
wish i had twitter on my phone 
i would like my new phone please. 
shanedawson how did your phone break? 
@melindacorona ok lol, maybe they just forgot about us  i charged my phone again last night coz i know it woulda died if they called lol
hate hate hate my iphone....screen wont work so i cant answer phone calls or get/send texts.  sorry if you was wondering where i was. 
@tiarnerejected my phone is about to go flat  comment me on myspace!
having trouble turning my phone into my primary computer. missed evans blue on cage rattle 
today is fucking crazy if i dont reply to emails/phone i apologise now! 
@flickaddi *checks phone just to make sure i haven't missed it* are you serious? 
I'm trying to figure out how this new twitter app works on my phone I'm very confuesed right now and that's not good 
phone with @dobrock, i can has a bellyache 
@hanajess maybe my phone is just a piece of crap haha. I miss my beat. 
p.p.s ; finally my internet on my phone connected after two days of not connecting. 
Having SERIOUS phone issues. 1,4 and 9 work when they feel upto it. I hate going to argue about warranties! 
@Babystray yep all updated  just can't send pictures yet keeps failing  gota phone o2 up.
i can't update my status frm my phone, huuu 
just back from ttp gay can't get a new phone 
So i found my phone ... I am not saying where ...  anyway no new phone ... For now!
@One_StepCloser and they tookher phone and ipod too  
Where in the blue fuck is my phone? It was supposed to be back last thursday 
@the_rockshow I'm only on my phone else i'd help find pics 
@didilaksana uninstalled tweetclients on my work laptop as it's due to be repaired.. fring on my phone also stopped working for no reason 
wow its been a while, it wont let me use twitter on my phone 
i forgot my phone AND my purse today  so no txts or food for me 
I love you!!! I know i'm filling your phone with random messages but i miss you 
I wish twitter worked on foreign phones 
So i deleted my phone# in twitter &amp; added it bk &amp; then it tells me that i cant rcv tweets on my phone so i guess i hv 2 call att. 
oh... plug to itune and it lock my phone now... 
i wanna update my twitter on phone but i don't know how to do 
Is missing my phone vibrate from getting texts 
3.0 firmware looks fun but it relocks the phone. 
i want an iphone !!! iv lost my phone  *sobs*
@Jabogan well i like them? either that or i want a phone with a qwerty keyboard... *another sigh* i want money 
is blown about her phone being out of comission. SLY you need to email her.... 
While typing my last tweet I got peanut butter all over my phone.......... And so it begins 
@kashar did you ever get unbricked?  I am in the same situation as you... and I'd really like to regain the use of my phone. 
@nickyaffair he never picked up his phone  sorry!
Going phone shopping i wish you could get iphones over here 
@benSHIKARI it's not! i hate coffee  and i don't think that'd be compatible with my phone, i still have my samsung tocco don't i  xo
Just as I set up my camera and phone to record a #weekofwin entry I get a call from a client who needs stuff *NOW* 
I forgot my phone at the Vinskies'  i feel so empty without it! i guess not direct twittering today.
My iphone update seems to have killed my phone   aaarrggghh
I've lost my mobile phone. sucks 
@elwood_ trying too....  but my sisters and i have already been planning things, phone is broke...emailing you soon.
cant find my charger.. i feel sooo lost without my phone 
i want to go to sonic lunch but nobody's answering their phones 
 Not a fan of phone interviews...
@landiePopsicle Updated and bricked my phone  booo
so confused about all this phone nonsense. probably not getting it until monday 
um. where's my phone? 
@klblah is that deal still good? I just saw that last tweet on teh internetz, it didn't make it to my phone  ?!
@LaurenOhhh so i kinda got drunk and lost my phone last night  so if you need to talk to me send a message on here
@girlygirlseen I wonder the same sometimes. hope everything is ok and I got ur last txt this morning. my phone died 
@kreacheryl pls make technology work for me  now my phone is acting up
my phone has finally crossed over to the other side... 
I forgot to charge my phone last night. Looks like it will a dead phone in a couple of hours.  
my phones broke  
has lost her phone  and will end up getting a crappy one again!!
twitter will never work on my phone  darn
I am missing my phone. It is sitting at home on the desk, being charged. 
@tizianacatania  why do you have to make me feel bad for not knowing how to copy and paste with my older phones.
http://twitpic.com/7pyxj - my poor phone 
ahhhh stupid phone has broke on me  grrrr, how on earth will i survive without it !
On the phone with the doctor who is telling me that my dad is dying. I think I'm going to pass out. 
anyone wanna pay my phone bill? 
Just got my report card!!  Actually whent better than i expected......I still have my phone!!!!
@jsenior haha. company email i take it? wish i got a free phone  it does look better than the god awful G1 though.
needs a new mobile phone, give me advice cause I have no idea 
for some reason, my phone does not want receive everyone's tweets 
ahhhhhhhhhh someone pay my phone bill!!!!!!!! no texts today 
uggh phone screen is not working.. i can still do everything, i just can't see it 
@br4ndon It does make the phone capable but AT&amp;T doesn't support it 
paris was great, like really awesome; anyway, now in pamsterdam! also i broke mobile phone updating  pam i sent you my number, call me!!!!
Off to watch a student play... back at 9:30. No phone to tweet from. 
I have received my replacement phone...now it has to charge for 12 hrs 
can't figure out how to set twitter up on my phone 
my phone battery is running down  kesc is a ganda bacha 
@abbychang abby answer your damn phone!! 
phone is so damaged I barely receive any calls and the ones I do are all staticky 
Gahhh I wish my calendar synced with my phone 
my phone's pissing me off 
wonders why tweet updates aren't getting sent to her phone anymore? 
my phone doesn't really like twitter today. 
wonders how he will ever afford that mobile phone contract he wants 
In the need of a new phone  and my blackberry cost too much 
@frenchieclaire Also, I haven't gotten any of your tweets on my phone. I'm confused. 
i'll just buy a new phone at xmas .. six months away  !!
@mckaylalolz I'm not getting phone updates right now 
I'm about to give my number out to 10 people, nobody ever calls or texts me  and my phone is too sweet to be unused
I feeeel horrribleee.! I dropped my bfrans phone in this pond and he had to go in and get it 
@MerissaFaye AHH i can't get jbffa on my phone...have to wait til sat to read it  will i cry?
phone battery dying. but I still need mia and lily in my life 
I'm sad my phone is all scratched up  poor bby. I'm oing to get a new one on my bday from the phone insurance. I think they give refur ...
i almost had a phone sigh. 
@CorbinBleu i'd call but my phone's dead  i always forget to charge it.i'll try it next time...a call from me can change lives :-P
@drakemac I'm mad I have to wait 2 weeks to get my phone 
hmm  looks  like  my  phone  is  able  to  do  a  lot  more  than  i  originally  thought.  but  i  still  miss  my  laptop  
I really need a new network for my phone...nothing works 
@moviefreak93 haha sorry to hear about your phone 
at least i have head phone even tho they limit my dance moves 
So I'm no longer getting phone updates from anyone, even though it says I should. Argh, ghetto ass new number! 
@dberube You lost your visual voicemail?! 
My cable is off as of today, I assume cause the phone bill's not paid, and the wireless still works but I'm scared it's going next. 
Working at the pool bored and trying to add contacts to my phone bc it broke 
@vodafoneNZ why no Wtn 11am txt clue? Only got txt at 11.14 to say phone found. No access to your website from my work 
Ah at last today is the last day I shall Have my cellular phone! 
needs to turn of my phone so it doesnt die!! 
@mikebrandes it's only on the 3g phones. 
I am not happy with my phone right now... I had a wifi connection before my nap and but after my phone won't connect anymore 
@JThomas822 aww  maybe one day they will give you one and you can have two! yeah i did! lol sorry i didnt answer, my phone was on silent
just saw an old phone i had 2 yrs ago, brought back so so SOooo many memories  i miss that phone
@Theheartsong  I got the tweet on my computer before  leaving work , did not get it on my phone either 
I need 150 dollars to turn my phone back on. 
Putting my pics together, cat jumps one me, I throw him off, and break a glass and spill juice on my phone in the process. 
my phone broke!!! 
Working when you are sick sux so does dropping your cellphone in a wet trash can  
@HalSparks I think the compass is only on the new phone coming out. 
His and hers headaches = no phone call tonight. 
can't wait to get my new phone working tomorrow, having internet troubles now. 
@violet_foxx No  but his the voicemail on my phone! i saw a kid wearing  his shirt but he said he doesn't know what livelavalive is 
going to bed soon... epic failing my global test tomorrow, verizon to get my new phone, then chambers... ugh. 
@skinnylatte damn. phone couldn't have been off  argghhh singtel. how about tonight? msg me.
i need ur number!!! I have no phone again....  i have so bad luck with phones man
Phone going dead. 
@BlaqueBeautiful wait...am i still in ur phone?!?  lol
I left my phone, so now I have to go get it.... 
@kbrne hey love, i cant use my phone 2day  so i wont be able to text bak till after workies 
@angelicasina aww i know  i don't have a phone though... this summer i'm on total lock down.
@FuneralSongs im not home :| im at kims and her phone is deactivated 
grr...gotta look at getting a new phone because my dog totally ate mine  its just a phone ill be fine for awhile. phone, read, sleep!
@peacelovetylr Lol yeah didn't mean to put your phone on blast 
I wish i could get tweets to my phone.  i hope they get it fixed soon!
Phones dead 
this is embarrassing who wants to set up texting via phone for me cuz i can't 
I miss my phone, im so unconnected without it. 
sorry. srsly didn't mean to drop off the face of the planet. my phone was dead for the past 48 hrs and me with it. 
@celinabadazz my phone is broke 
Looking for my uncharged wireless house phone...cant page it...  
my phone is broken. i cant see anything on my screen. 
grrrrrrr iphone update isn't working on my phone... or at least it's operator error 
dont like how aaron doesnt have a phone. i cant tell him to come over now 
My phone has been on the charger for like 45 minutes and is still in the red... wtf 
no a/c. no phone. crappy internet connection. not a relaxing night like i hoped. 
i think i broke my phone...i have to go to at&amp;t tomorrow 
omg i think i lost my phone...well actually i think i left it on the counter at rite aid when i paid for my drink... 
cannot add twitpic when im twitting on my phone 
my phone died and i forgot my charger in houston 
dammit, i lost my phone!!!! noooooooooo 
YAY!! powers back on!! poor sis got her car stuck in a puddle..of course my brother doesnt have a phone so i got the call &amp; now no phone 
ugh.my phone seems to have broken.*tear*I dropped it by accident.I thought it would be ok since i always drop it, but I guess I was wrong 
@souljaboytellem awww yo voicemail got me good! That's no fair! 
aaaaaarrrggggg my phone wont update!!! 
okay now I messed up the crapy phone wow this sucks...I can get messages but just can't send any out  piece of junk phone
Phone is about to die and i feel awful,gnight i guess...i really need new medicine 
came into work to finish my data recvery...on phone with help desk as bitlocker killed my drive 
my phone is broken  maybe having it in my bra while dancing was a bad idea.
Phone, why won't you get service in my room? 
@peterfacinelli that sucks you lost your phone 
@JaymiieFOB heyy mum said u sent message. i dont have my phone  i fell asleep for and hour . i know i missed my fave part in movie 
Ness is sooo bored without her phone 
Should not be up now- but the phone rang when my son's pizza delivery arrived 
@msheree my phone is broke, so no txting for me 
so apparently my family's picture mail plan only includes sending pix phone2phone and not to anything else..so i can't do twitpic anymore 
@drhikaru I just got on the plane! phone is dying slowly 
1 thing I don't like about landscape typing tho: when my phone is plugged in to the power/headphones it becomes so uncomfortable to use 
Ouw..i miss tweets..  its bcause of an error occurd to my cellphone's operator,.
@Mels85 thanks mel. i was incredibly mad and needed to yell. and now i have no battery on my phone 
how come my phone is letting me text anyone back? sorry nina 
highly upset with a certain someone for getting the palm pre when I asked for a new phone 
ahhh sorrrryyyy for all the unanswered phone calls/text!!! i left my phone at home all day 
my phone can't access to the mobile web for now  awww...
is home. minus phone 
Using josh's phone...I lost mine 
all my credit is gone  $140 gone within 3 phone calls
Phone keeps vibrating and it on my lap too 
@xbllygbsn to run him over lmao ;). mmmhm ! lucky  can i join? ;). eeeehm why they trying to phone you? : /
@andyclemmensen I couldn't get into the room! I can't ring from my dads phone 
havent been twittering as much lately  ... BUT will be again, i gots me a new phone 
@breezyefbaby t-mobile is always taking a shit on you, girl. either your phone or your service...always. bummer 
@ShellDillon  that doesn't sound good. As long as you don't need to answer the great white telephone whilst on the blower..
cannot figure out how to do mobile uploads on his new phone! 
I now have my new phone woo...i also have a throat infection 
my phone is on the fritz, don't be angry at me if i don't get your calls please 
@snowboardcast yes over the 3 wireless network. But I lost all my contacts 
@ian9outof10  I hadn't heard about its battery life yet - shame. It's the one phone that's made me think twice about a touchscreen
im not a happy girl  i just found my qwerty and apparently shes been drowned, now wtf am i suppose to do with no phone :*(
@MattIRBSURF I'm so sad your phone broke!!!! 
I can't from my phone  but I'm turnin my laptop on right now @modelcharityluv
copied all my contacts from phone to excel and edited them waiting for results.very hungry need food 
@feblub They sure did!! About 15 mins after going to bed. Unfortunatly I left my phone in the other room so could not record for you 
iPhone upgrade woes again  One day my phone will upgrade seamlessly.
@ErinWorkman I did! And I wanted to tweet about it, but my phone camera is full even after deleting stuff 
i havent left my cell phone at home in awhile; i feel so lost without it!  good excuse to take a walk at lunch!
can someone please tell me how to work this on my phone 
@EGMTK I knew it wasn't a good idea to spend all night in front of tv! On phone so photo viewing is curtailed 
aaaaaan I forgot my phone this morning 
@lindsayNfisher haha it works! but i wish i could open the twitpics on my phone. if only dale had internet 
awww crying my hearts out without anybody by my side and my phone batt died 
hates it when he accidentally leaves his phone at home...  
Is done with the new auto-text on my phone... going to remove it. 
i reset my phone all my numbers all gone 
the birthday boy must be living it up...cuz he soo aint answering the phone/texts 
@eilidhlive - I was in the middle of texting you when my phone died... 
I turned off my mobile phone while it did an update, now I don't know how to turn it back on 
@koreekreeper i can still update from my phone. i just dont get anyones updates 
lost my phone last night 
i hope shopping will make me feel better about being phoneless 
i am a lil mad i really wanted that phone 
all 3 of my coworkers just got their phones delivered...wtf...and i ordered mine 1st  #UPSfail
@heatherxdaniels man i wasnt! i left it in my purse.. in the car... idk who gave me my phone... idk...  it sucks
had my phone stolen  hope to have the number replaced a.s.a.p  pretty upset about it now 
And my phone is charging!  I feel cut off from the outside world.
i lovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelove talking to sabina on the phone. lmao. she asks me to draw me like 100303 things, yay. 
is once again queuing at VodaCare because the phone froze on reboot after date transfer. Not happy at all  #fb
@wisequark well at least your credit isnt wrecked from a friend who ruined it with a cellphone bill 
Wants a new phone 
My friend got her phone take away. I really need her! 
My phones getting very slugish since 3.0 
@laineyx hey girlll, can you text me I got a new phone so I don't have your number anymoree  but I wanted to ask you somethinggg.
The early adopter snob in me is a little disappointed my new phone looks EXACTLY like my old phone.  
My phone is acting strange - I got sms that I missed 7 calls, but there is no missing calls on phone 
@creativebloke my interweb is still dead on my phone 
The inside screen of my phone is broken 
seriously my luck..stupid phone is breaking 
I do... But I don't know how to do the reply @SimplyKe thingy from my phone. 
haven't updated, twitter app won't work on my phone!!! 
phone batt dead  grr be back later x
So this new ubertwitter edition...is really messing up on my phone  anyone else having that problem?
I'm not really understanding this....I'm not getting updates on my phone, even though I signed up.  
arrh... its sooo annoying not having my phone!! 
@star2imagine, no it's not kewl, my phone is not working right 
I hope the bootlegger got a damn phone charger for sale cuz my blackberry is dying. 
@Valv30 its working great on my phone 
I need more minutes on my phone. There almost all gone! 
@rhjr I made a reservation and still waited about 25 minutes to get in and get the phone. 
off to school. wish i could see tweets from my phone. oh well. 
#confession I feel awkward when strange people give me compliments. And my phone is big. 
got to get another phone charger, got wax spilled on it   
@grahamux that's what I'm using - turned out all I needed to do was call the voicemail to activate. No mms tho 
iPhone playing up - battery running down all the time, back very hot (the phone not mine), even charging isn't making a difference. 
@purplehayz I have 3 twitter applications on my phone, I miss the lappy 
@morgannn11 yeah that sucks too  hahah i want my new phone 
aaahhhhh! sailor where are you??  the sat phone isnt working nor is the emails. i need you.....
went on to talk to her mom but she isnt on.  trying to get use to this computer. okayy byee. talk to me. yeah? i want my phone.
@bryan_viper auch  can't you save the phone nr's to your sim card ? I always do, when I get a new phone all I have to do is change the sim
my phone is dead, too lazy to get the charger, like i can text anyone anyways 
@obizuth @BeeRacasa yup   i think only those who bought the phone via mail order is affected.  *crosses fingers &amp; toes 4 quick activation*
Just got a phone call from camp asking if she could work next week...cant 
im bored  my phone is going dead and i am tired  but i still happy
Phone charger not working... problem 
my phone is lame. it deleted the voicemail from last night.  fuck
@kingdavers .. sorry cant dm back on my phone  anyway i dont either! lol but i havent heard it down here :/
@SatoriEnd It means I don't have your phone number  @whong09 Congrats on the grades  Smartypants.
is wishing twitter would allow him to use his phone. 
@delicatedecay i don't have tweets sent to my phone anymore so i just got your invite  did you hit up sidecca?
i lost my phone at the mall  and my parents said i cant get another
Hey ppl phone finally sorted had to completly restart it so lost all my numbers  and txts  bit annoying
I wanna new phone.. everybody else is getting one 
I'm not getting updates on my phone 
Wow, that's what i get for not having my phone with me. Also i'm slightly depressed for no reason 
fuuuuuuuuck. dropped my phone in the toilet 
Just got off the phone with my dad. He sounds sad. 
@B_HowardGENESIS  next time u back u better pick up ur phone and call me brother!
boo  i wish u could  transfer your bb pin over to a new phone
Completely without phone service  AT&amp;T has cluster flubbed it
wow! wat a nite i had yesturday.. still cant find my phone 
@palm truly I am frustrated with this phone. I love love love it but no one can understand me on it! I don't want any other phone though! 
got my toncils out  sniffle.......casey i neeeeed to talk to u asap call my house i broked my other new phone 
dropped her phone and now there's nicks and scratches on it...  &lt;/3
@Bunssie @emmagemtweets  was in the market. was on the phone for 30sec and my purse was gone.
When woken at 7am by your phone what is the best solution? I vote for smash the phone, but the love i have for my iPhone is too great 
i want a new phone  the front being broken is just too much.
im sick off survey people telling me to give them my cell phone number and credit card number 
I dont feel good...    blarg.     I got my phone back.
i wish i could twitpic my juice but i dont have interntet on my phone 
always listen to your mother...otherwise you wound't be blow-drying your phone....  
where the fuck is my phone 
Not happy with the new phone   hopefully the problem can be resolved
Wow, it will take 5+ times longer to put all the data back on my phone than it did to pwn it 
@manifest for ex: my phone died while I was out earlier, and I was awaiting a verrry special phone call, now idk if he called 
@manifestonline for ex: my phone died while I was out earlier, and I was awaiting a verrry special phone call, now idk if he called 
so um i think my phone's busted 
my phone is broken  i feel like a part of me is missing hahaha jokes. soo bored!!
@MinaEscobar yeah, that was us. @justlaff might have lost his phone! 
My phone is being stupid. I think it's on the verge of crashing 
I don't think I am getting tweets on my phone...  
#dontyouhate when yourr battery on your blackberry is low &amp;the radio signal turns off &amp;you cant get txts or calls?  or is that jst mine?
@kategene315 it still didn't go to my phone  but no, you weren't being auctioned, you were just lying on the floor. again, it was strange.
How do you get internet on a blackberry? I have the plan, but when I got a new phone today, the internet icon isn't there 
broke my phone 
....  mi bf phone is off.... It makes me sad.. .
I am a lame tweeter bc I do not have a cool phone 
yea so i found my phone but the front screen is cracked and its all white so i cant use it to txt  i have to flip it open now 
sis broke my phone  piss off
Oh man! I forgot.. when I restore a phone... it's just the settings first, then I have to go back and do all the photos, apps, and stuff. 
my mum took my mobile 
my phone is taking a long time to update the new software 
I'm the slowest texter ever 
@TwilightCentral Aww man, I can't see it from my phone!  #gilbirmingham #peterfacinelli
i kno . my phone is cut offf @briibaybee  lol
i keep thinking im feeling my phone in the couch but ive checked under all the cushions and that crack behind them...no dice 
I know this will surprise nobody but my phone number is officially in limbo. 3 phones...none will accept my number  lol f.u.alltel
I can't DM frm my phone  @jelanifr3sh u on aim??
washed his mobile phone in the washing machine and now it doesn't work 
@BubblyGirl101 aw so sad twin  hey is ur phone working?
My phones bout to die 
@MsWoods03  no. just getting the random drunk phone calls from the bruhs making me mad about not being there.
@MakeupMel no  not sure what is going on with my phone...I just got like 15 twitter dm's at once - bad reception tonight 
@norcalgolfpro I can't watch on my phone  ill check it out tonight on my laptop 
about to get off computer !!  No phone so no text are needed 
so my bro cant fix my phone so i might get a used one  so not happy i love my phone even though it isnt the greatest
@caleb_jones no  I'm hoping people don't realize I have the old one. But I did update &amp; that's when the little phone appeared-I think
I miss my tweetmate, her phone is down so she can't tweet all the time 
I think my phone is dying a slow death, symptoms include freezing and major trackball issues  #sadblackberry
My Phones being whack! it wont let me upload my pictures 
i officially in a fight with clubbin. it made me lose my phone for good 
Currently dying of boredom, wishing twitter worked well on my phone 
Just got off the phone with the future, and yes we are fighting again 
omj my sister is sayin somethings on the `phone and I still can't believe it 
@TravisChambers i can. your phone just doesn't like you. you should tell it you know me. i'm out of wine too 
It is official. 3.0 is sucking away the life of my phone 
Import from sim is so not working...syncing too many phone. Numbers by hand 
don't have any more money on my phone  have to top up
@sarahlouisex3 I have to wait a couple moments before I could watch it on my phone 
My phone's dying. &amp; I don't know where my charger is. 
@invig sorry, going to sms you but phone died, I had shower, got ready and sat down to watch the footy for a few secs-woke up hours later 
@CrystalMonaye not fuckin wit me and u never txt me back as far as i kno my phone got messed up 
@shaundiviney did you guys do all the calls? my mum confiscated my phone so i didnt get mine, 
I hate late night phone calls, it's always always always bad news.  
I hate when my phone dies, I never know if anyone sent me anything on aim before my phone turned off. 
@youraverageadam my dad answered it and proceeded to have a long phone call. i'm not a happy bunny, adammm. 
@iitzjacky @AvenaLeeMVP sorry for missing your text  phone was buried under blankets
wants to watch transformers 2 again now!! ... need to phone up bout my phone  ... am i lucky enough to get 3gs?
I have to send my phone away because of this http://twitpic.com/7w15i and I've only had it for one month 
lost her phone last night and was feeling so bleak  I'm sorry but I just don't want you back...
@gloomyle not all the phone features work 
These new games on my phone can't replace soduku  going work looking very camp with my new hair
I want a new phone case but I can only getthis one off by breaking it! 
@ohmygela I think so. If not, it  could be cos I accessed both my accounts using my phone last night. 
@katecasaletto oh you can't get this on your phone 
@hazeleynutt i want you to know that i'm going to forget that your phone doesn't work and still send you txt msg's  not on purpose...
@ShayJanee ooohhhh booboo! How are uuu ur ass got stranger ever since u got the new phone !!!! 
my phone broke  but new one coming tuesday!
@yupitzlala idk! im already following u but i update from my phone so i dont really see ur alerts! 
@happysponge Me too. I can not use my handset anymore for connection. 
@Annniex i know!!!  and btw what phone company are you with!?
@singlemom75 ~ sorry! I have limited phone power and have to make it through the day, so I have it turned off 
@PhillyRedz phone ringing to voicemail....bbm unreachable....WTF hmm so not like him...maybe he passed out when I disappeared... 
My phone fell on water. It is dead. 
.argggh. sleeping early 2day.  i can't plurk using my phone. 
@clarkismyhero hey buddy, you guys still here? hit me up if you are going to the beach or anything. i don't have a working phone 
@patsyartsy what's gb? i can't stream anything, i'm on my phone 
found my phone but lost my mum!  why arent you picking up??
@shanedawson I can't watch the new vid on my phone  and its the only way I can watch youtube right now
@joannasayswhat  My old phone doesn't have a sim card.
no phone tillll monday. 
graduation party later, then maybe going to the verizon store to get a new phone 
@Shaunnayo omg shaunna i get noonnnne of your updates on my phone!!!    double sad.
@iamlost415 you'll have to stay on here as much as possible. I'll have my phone. But no internet connection til friday! 
@mcflyharry aww, poor you  good luck at the gig tongiht, i'm getting a phone call from it, hahha. wish i cold be there :/ xxxxxxxxx
I jumped i the water forgetting my phone was in my pocket. Its broken now 
@beley I've had trouble with att in the past and I know others who have also    bummer- hope you get your new phone soon!!
@treybalson definitely was there. my phone died tho 
Currently having a power cut  not enough credit to bother hooking up phone to macbook
@XoBxMaMi83oX  well at least their is twitter for ur phone i cant do it on mine 
upset! thought i was finally going to get a texting plan...turns out it's only for my sisters phone line. 
Note to self. Always make sure my phone is not on silent when setting an alarm. I hope i don't miss all of this wedding! 
Going to look at nissan cubes then target. I left my phone at home. 
wants a new phone 
i need a phone sooo bad. 
my sister took my phone? wtf. 
getting a new phone today. i'm gonna miss the blackberry 
my phone is broken ugh!! this equals anger &amp; confusion 
using a crappy phone for now until mines repaired but i need everyones numbers again,my contacts list wont load   so numbers pleeeease!
hates having a broken phone 
haha i looove the fact that i left my charger at my friends and my phone died    and my head is freaking throbbing!!!
@courtneykkk can you please take me to cash my check before 5 so I can have a phone again? 
#iconfess I talked to this girl from off line on the phone for an hour and change about my problems last month. The calls ended I her pix 
are U.S. embassy phone #,  addresses available?  searched til I can't think anymore and can find nothing   #iranelection
phone messed up  me and thomas about to try to finish lord of the rings: the third age in one night! from now to tomorow, this is my seat
I think I shall have to dump my phone, after all the time we've spent together; it still can't predict what I'm going to say next 
watching scrubs, i miss my phone 
@simplykatey AHAHAHAAHHAAH   my poncho is clear though. And my phone is getting rained on ohgod
damnit my phone is shut off for not paying my $400 bill 
So...how long do I have to stand here before I get some assistance? On the phone talking and not working...niggas! We gotta do better 
@drewkill     my phone has it, but nobody else can do it.
My phone is sick....I think its fatal 
#squarespace I'm crazy bout this precious phone but I can't afford it 
On a packed bus; the bloke in front of me is chatting on the phone &amp; has really bad halitosis. I feel so sick that I may just throw up 
My phone doesn't load twitter 
this is bullshit!! i want a twitter app for my phone!!!!!! 
@conorp I saw you  but I was on the phone at the time.
@rdmx33 lmfao my phone is broken  well i kinda fixed it... so i was able to read your text but before i thought i wasnt gonna be able too
My phone has had no activity 
@barbd00 I have one from the 70s (I used to be a telephone technician and I collect 'em) but it's off-white.   I also use it upstairs.
@Malcchiato I miss you!  But I can't wait to see you and your new phone! Only a few more weeks!!!
Mannnn! I hate puttng screen protectors on my phone! I tried twice already! @dafu that squeege-card didnt work 
@Amberaye  I dont know if you guys called  the house phone is fucking up again 
internet at borders! video doesn't work. left phone at lh. 
My other phone broke and I just got it  the screens black :/ http://twitpic.com/7xlub
i threw my phone in the pool!!!!!!!!! 
@kymmiegrizz get off of your phone and please dont die 
haven't been updating twitter because something is wrong with my phone! 
left my phone at my grandmas..fuuuucckkk 
@BreeanaBustos yumm i love pie!! and you! i really want a cam phone but my upgrades in 10 months... and the phone i want is 400 w/out one 
just noticed that visual voicemail doesn't work after i jailbroke my phone  booo!
@JessMcFlyxxx i can get it on the actual phone but cant get it when i plug it into laptop?  xx
got my phone fixed, lost all my storm photos  o well
@jnaeraeshele yea i got drunk and lost them lol.. I'm pretty sure my keys are in my apt but i went downtown so my phone could be anywhere 
@JessMcFlyxxx no, its in the pictures folder on the phone and it aint in any on the laptop  xx
@knighttcat wayfareres and phone! so sorry 
My phone broke.  nooooooooooooooooooo
just dropped his phone and ipod in the ocean.... phone is ruined, ipod still works 
@AnnaBanana77 i'm not on facebook, and my phone's dead. i meant to tell you, i can't study. my family's busy. sorry 
Everyone. I got a new phone. No numbers  send me yalls number.
not been able to tweet today  at my dads and my sister had taken over the laptop, i was going to use my phone but it took all my credit :O
@esntials because its working better than uber berry on my phone  I need u to check it when I see you
@djxklusive I sent it through my phone and it won't do it  damn it!! I'll jus give ya'll a link!
fyi I'm not getting any texts to my phone   how will I survive tonight???
i broke my phone  my aunt spilled water on it my thumbs are soo lonely
@catmmm i no see picture on my phone 
eh, my phones dead 
Thats it i GIVE UP why are girls soooo hard 2 read, one minuite they r all loved up the next they r putting the phone down on u!! 
My phone doesnt get reception where im camping at. 
Having twouble wit twitta i guess, i signed up to get some phone updates, where they at? 
At lenox, always at lenox lol and damn phone bout to die  oh well
I got in the pool with my phone im my pocket and now it dosent work... 
@theworldfamous no I have been out of town and my phone won't do it...I need to get to a computer 
@knitfriendly rehoboth, de-- sorry  But that is why I said my 2nd gen phone, maybe yours will be diff
@skim my phone's browser doesn't support add ons 
@JBrooks1990 lol, my bad, i just can't help it though... btw, i think my phone's broken, it won't let me get other people's updates 
@bUGGaBaby you needed a new phone!! No more xylaphone beat making 
new phone doesnt get here till tuesday 
Being unemployed takes all the fun out of the weekend bc it means that when the phone rings, it's definitely NOT a potential employer. 
at my grandparents for the night, my phone is about to die, and I forgot my charger.  dammit.
fucking shit ! I want that phone already -____-&quot; mine keeps dying . 
Some of the phone lines are down and i can't get online 
@swtnlocarb I know ur talking to me  I know. I need to get the phone already
waited an hour, going to bed now  i hate not having my phone. spose its my own fault for not paying my bill, oops!
@brydiekennedy i didnt get to go  was sick (N) yayayay your back! i cant believe you left your phone 
@gregmaczko...i might go to greenhouse later, but i have no phone, so i dont know what my plan is 
On the phone with the bestie.. my stomach really hurts! 
@bambycaulfield i'm on my phone so i can't send em rn, but i'll pm you. oh that sucks  and it means hardcore.
is phoneless 
leaving for the cruise 2mro. No phone for 7 days  loves him so much!
arrgghhh 3 year old son just wrecked my old phone  now i really hope #squarespace gives me a new iphone. i really need it now.
I cnt send pics from my phone 
phone is dead. no texting until tomorrow. 
says my xl isn't active because my father borrows my phone  http://plurk.com/p/12k70t
is super mad that i don't get all of the tweets sent to my phone 
I missed my phone for the past 4 hours. [It was dead] 
@reyashtoos no i didn't go  I got your text i paid my phone but i was sleeping. What u doin? did u go to the springs
My phone's dying. 
Now that I have voice mail on my landline, I want a new phone that supports it. I had no idea E left me a message the other night. 
oh &amp;&amp; my phone is dead i lost my charger. so no charger means no phone 
No phone for 2 weeks 
my twitter doesn't support my phone! and it's pissing me off!!! 
@JASMINEMAI It was my first time ever losing my phone  I thought I was smarter than that! I thiiiink I know where it is though...
@jontymisra y is my phone saying all apps up to date 
@ThisModernDeath Ah, my phone has been locking as in the totally unresponsive sense.  
my phone is brokennn  i hate being dependent on things.
So all day i have my phone charging n i only have one text? Lol wheres the love for mikul? 
sorry @black_blasphemy, phone ran outta battery. 
I need twitterberry back on my phone!! I can't twit pic w/out it 
@badams5 got my new blackberry w/ old phone number... on a normal person account/plan    So if the bitchasses take my phone I'll have 1.
I have lost my phone to a tradgic water accident. 
i hate twitter mobile. 
http://twitpic.com/7zgvk - 2008=not close to the stage and it ALSO = old phone with no zoom 
 never run out of battery on your phone when you have to pick up your brother in the middle of the night
@Thomasfiss i think yes  but i wont b able to c it cz im on my phone  so it wont matter to me lol
@GoCheeksGo i tried to vote but my phone sucks and wouldn't let me 
On the phone with my best friend, it's so sad.  I'm like about to cry.
i can't text my muffin boo  he's off to puerto gallera and i'm stuck here on @jovbhen condo to find my phone..makes my day miserable
wants her real phone back.. and her long hair ..   still awake... my snoring pug keeps me up at night.
is really freaking out without my phone now I know it's not there. Uggghh. A whole 7 hours without contact 
my phone kept on dying on me. no warranty. 
@yourlegsgrow y'know, that really isn't cool.  your phone hates me!
@commonsense4 i just went and blocked him completely on yahoo ... that won't stop the phone texts though 
@secret6 sorry so late but no I don't have an extra tmobile phone. 
nawwww. I can't listen to the lullaby on my phone 
htc diamond mobile phone on sprint network not supported for device tweets  ...no slicksticks.com on the go
my phone just hurt me in the worst way 
@lacarmina Aww thanks but I'm trying to avoid the internet cuz I'm out of state so it's a billion dollars a minute on my phone 
using baby's phone to tweet! headache 
my phone sucks when it comes to having a big inbox.  I didn't want to get rid of those.
@pam_16_gem i was just able to buy a mirror, a fan and an accessory for my phone from this week's savings 
will free herself from distractions. except her phone.  (LOL) @patgonz reply to meee!  http://plurk.com/p/12msef
twitter won't sms to my phone 
That's a lot of weight for that poor phone. 
I needa change plans for phone, phone bills are piling up!!! 
@andymanc its good, though i've paused it whilst my mate is on the phone 
and the ever so cool megan... lost her phone.  i am hoping i can find it. i feel... naked.
holy crap. I don't think I've ever spent so long on the phone trying to order food. It was confuuuuusing 
phone is currently not working.  i havnt had a chance to pay the bill yet. ive been a busy bumblebeeeeee!
wants to buy a new phone sooooooooooon 
Wtf my phone won't connect to the internets  even though I've got G7 signal.
just talked to leonie on the phone. i miiiiiiiss her  aha
I am up way to early, and i just had to shut off the alarm clock on the phone as it sleeps through it, and its lovely out 
oh no my phone died and i left a battery charger at work 
tweetdeck prone to random crashes. back to twitteriffic for time being. not sure if my phone or their software, but it's not stable here 
@itsconnorrr you failed at phone calls last night. 
My phone is about to die and i forgot my charger at home  i will talk to you when i get home from work
I want to put spooks clip into my mobile phone! It's too difficult~! 
@tyosaurus My phone still wont work with the text 
Going 2 church phone died got this poop phone 
@hollyalyxfinch ...keep it up. (wishing my phone had a character counter like the pc  )
My phone broke  new phone tomorrow hopefully
chills at the cyber for a bit...slightly bummed that her papi did not answer the phone. 
off to work - wishes the farrier would pick up his cunting phone!  . *angry face*.
I just dropped my damn phone. I could only keep it fresh for 2 days. 
i would call u @knotchent but my phone is broke  soon i will papi
@gallonofdelight i only have my phone  y thats it mmm ill just talk to u in direct msgs u reply with d username &amp; write
possible sobering up!..still my phone is dead  gutting
Trying to figure out how this whole touch screen phone works. And i think i am failing . . . 
I have a temporary phone now. Yay? @lilithselysium: noooooooooooo not bacon! 
@SherieheartsRob yay! i think it does! oh...did your msn stop working on your phone ???  xxxxx
i hate not haveing my phone it means i cant tweet ass much 
oh great... installed everything with this phone and i can't find it now!!  
It's weird how I still use twitter on my phone even if I'm on a computer, got a mosquito bite on my cheek 
missed my train by a few seconds., and forgot my phone and I know it'll have an important missed call 
I'm upset this new ubertwitter keep freezin my phone when I try to send my twitpics 
having phone problems 
My father is a dead beat so therefore he gets no phone call from me 
needs to pay her phone bill    rotted.
dont know what i did but no i cant get on twitter on my phone 
Wow, if you want to make a phone call, there is an app for that ichat but ihangup is not included  ... http://bit.ly/iOlCA
@twibble fresh install on the phone memory does the same 
gutted because my phone broke 
Ugh, stupid gay ass of a phone.. still have no signal after switching to 02 
@CourtneyBMyers ahhh! i wish my phone was in working order, i would've totally come to celebrate  i misses youuuu!
my phone broke 
@RappinLounge I can view flash sites on my phone 
that was depressing thought i got a text my phone was just telling me its battery was low  haha sad
@_wendy_r_: That's awful. I'm sorry you're having phone problems too. 
phone is dying...this sucks! 
@johnsonCAB aww i wish i could help  id start by taking it to your phone company (att, us cellular, etc.)
ok I'm out of here. time to head home. I have to stop and pay my cell bill too  more money spent like I can afford it but I need a phone
Why do twittering by mobile phone is fuckin annoying??? many links can't be clicked.   
Why are a lot of the updates that should be going to my phone NOT going to my phone? 
@rmphotography Since ya left early you didn't get to help me name my phone 
i need a car charger for my phone 
Is stuck on the phone to virgin media, excellent 
@SheriJo shelling peas right now. somehow lost the charger for my camera  all i have is my phone.
My phone is comatose  Please do not text or call me until further notice, as I will not get it :|
I can't get updates on my phone from other people for some reason 
@ThomShutt phone not out yet.. was gunna be june but i reckon it mite be a while yet 
My phone is being really slow tonight 
Trying to find a tmobile phone cuz mine got smashed while we were moving into our new apartment 
Wedding was fun...except I left my phone at the hall   I have to pick it up still
searching house for my phone 
@masterluke103 wow   sorry to hear that.  I complain about working late. . . not today! at least you got phone service 
I have to give my phone back to the company so they can give me an iphone  such a bummer !!!!!!!!!
phone died and I just noticed  wonder how long its been off! grr, I need to remember to charge my phone at night and not just in the car.
so iphone 3.0 users, how do you get a voice memo that's an hour long off the phone - i can't know things with my brain 
@karmachord no gossip tonight...no dm's either, my phone won't let me do them 
My phone battery dies so fast 
wishes she had a cool phone 
 missed my dads phone call
has a broken work phone    vm will direct you to an alternate number for today.
phone fell while i was drivin my bike to work  hopefully the new one comes in tomorro...hit me up with your number if you wanna be cool.
@rileysteele that's crazy. you mean it won't turn on anymore? so you have no phone. That sux 
every phone i have malfunctions 
@AlieBethJ I love and miss you, babygirlllll!! &lt;3 text me. I got a new phone And lost all of my numberssss  http://myloc.me/55WS
@maplesays stupid phones. they should be able to text each other internationally. 
@BryceThinksThat its just a lil pic on my phone and I can't really see...my computers in a man down situation  so haven't seen anything...
Feeling really out of sorts. Hopefully a good night's sleep will help. A phone call from a certain person wouldn't hurt either. 
@jordanislikeBAM at least you don't have to shell out for a whole new phone! But I am sorry you are having such bad iphone luck 
*boys. wow i need a new phone  keyboard.too.small. fuckyousprintrant!
-finally off the phone, that conversation was pretty deep. realized alot, wow kind of an asshole.. 
got on the mothers bad side . . just got my laptop back. no phone till tomorrow 
ah what am I going to do without twitter today?  out and about no computer access and my phone sucks 
lol my phone battery is almost dead too  conclusion: Batteries hate me
please #squarespace I need a new phone 
@Dreadworx what world is that? My phone died this morning and I lost all my progress 
i want this so badly. http://bit.ly/3zms4c  me phone can die sudah 
I think my phone has decided to hate me  @howardgees I took the sim out n'everything
Ugh @ATTNews for providing horrible coverage during an important call today. iPhone rocks, but not on @ATTNews limited featured network. 
@NymmyGanja that apple store seems type far  ily tho...whats wrong with his phone??
@MzGennyBaby314 text me ur number wen u can.. i had to get another phone so now i gotta rebuild 
@AWAGS78 so weird i haven't received any of your tweets on my phone.  i only saw them now 
phone has broken... laptop has broken... and the bus left as I ran to catch it - and I was standing by the door! 
@briebrown3 hey have you gotten either your phone, or facebook back??? 
i lost my phone... cant find it anywhere. 
my phone is all sorts of stuffed up.  i cant read your texts so stop texting me. it only makes me sad when it vibrates and i cant read it 
My phone and twitter had a fight 
now i get to go see what happened to my phone. 
i am bored. emily left me from the phone for a shower. 
@dickberries and twitter does, from your phone though 
feeling sick without my phone 
NUDGE yesgirl_izzy her phone was lost. so she wasnt able to tweet you all. so bad. 
Tried my Maxroom SIM.I cbn make calls, but not send SMS.Call balance invisible.My DID no. does not work  !!
Waiting for a phone call from hollister.  :/. Ahhh I really really want that job!!!!!!!! 
just lost my mobile... 
@drewseeley never picks up the phone when I call his say now.  love him anyway.
My mom never picks up her phone when I need her 
offf to work  no phone, leaving it in the rice for a full recovery lol
Has been on the dang phone all day!!! 
im so sad .. my phones still dead ..  i need a new phone already .. goodness .
Always feels good when I delete a certain someone from my phone/life.. Too bad it's not permanent 
@alovething it'll be amazing. im just so gutted that my laptop is broke  im going to have to try and read it on my phone lol
@jerdawg86 it's just being stupid about directly sending updates to my phone 
dying about physics and @sreestar isn't picking up her phone 
sooo...i found real west virginia, new york, new jersey, kentucky drama in my cell phone texts...pretty sad. 
I need a job &amp; I need a new phone. The voyager &amp; I aren't workin out anymore 
sad w out phone n missing dan 
@basedmagazine My phone would go dead right after i called you...left my charger in the rich 2 and i just forgot to pick 1 up at the mail 
@flyykiddangel yea, something like that I guess. No phone 
@aaroncarter7 why u don't turn on your phone, dude? 
@michelleclaudia they warned me mines a buisness phone for buisness peeps, so the internet is better on bold but i said bold is too fatty 
my fasha is being an ass and took my phone...no texting for me tonite 
...and my phone is not working for some reason soooo if you've texted/called I have no phone at the moment 
I got my brothers phone  No more twitterberry 
So I've just busted the screen of my phone - clever clever! It has a big blob on it now  it is about 3 years old though, it's lasted well!
made it to my favorite place on earth! (nan's)  but i left my phone 
@Msninamarie resend that link its gone .. i sent it on my phone went to gmail and it wasnt there 
@CatholicChicks hate bein on the phone that long 
dont have my phone right now 
my phone's disconnected    im really sad about it
I Broke 2 cell phones in 2 days One cost $580 and the other $580 too Wow thats not good now i have a crappy phone 
my phone batter just died.. and i don't have a charger with me 
I think my foot is not getting any better   (and I'm not sure if I logged out of the phone when I finally left this afternoon)
@eririnknight babe! lost my phone on the subway so thats why it's out of service  updating from my friends place. i miss you so much &gt;&lt;
Blargh what is it with males and inability to communicate well  i hate the phone lol
@bradyohalloran I suspect there aren't going to be upgrade options for existing owners, other than to pay more than the phone is worth 
@brenddaxo  i got my phone taken away!! soo whats ur number and can u text hannah?
www.m.tweete.com requires frame:  twitter not opening on phone!!!
he keep callin me, don't want pick up the phone ? but it's not a good method 
@chefjojones Hey what time do you want to start tomorrow? my phone is dead and I'm not near my charger 
@snowbunny22 don't have my phone with me  I'm sure you'll find your own dancer!
it's 5.30am and i have been woken up by a long distance phone where you have o shout to get heard and someones house alarm going off 
trying to get phone reception  stupid oregon and its oregonness....
@drebuado mmm it sucks not having my phone working 
Just got off the phone with my besfren. I miss our talks 
is woken up by phone calls.  and dishwasher technician. http://plurk.com/p/13qqnm
@_fresh2death Plzplzplz call me on the house phone soon my service here sucks. 
I haven't had my phone all day 
attempt failed due to lack of phone fu 
@erickaxx 8-| i hate the fact that you've got internet on your phone. 
I lost my cellular mobile device  oops...
@backstreetboys theres is no electricity in my house right now and my phone is about to die  pls a quick shout out!!! C'mon !!!
My damn phone keeps waking me up  always vibrating when i'm falling asleep !
I still don't know how this thing works... and I can't use it from my phone 
@bgshell0084 im on my phone..no internet  what have yall been up to tonight?
staying the night here at willz w/ kyle . lol . and my phone's dieing soooooo ... have to leave my phone alone .  dammit .
forgot his phone at home 
is trying to get twitter on her phone but its not working 
@superbrenda i cant check messages on my phone 
Just plugged my phone in.  ran out of battery in the middle of my washington trip and missed so many texts from so many people.  sorry!
@KAYLEEVZ @johntanz I just got like all the tweets haha. I miss my old phone 
 @ my phone being stuck at the boot screen... fun
my phone's keyboard is acting up again! I hate touchscreen  can't use it for beanss  someone help!
I have glass stuck in my phone 
dammnit if i didnt pick up the phone, i wouldn't have to take down the washing  thanks mum 
ahhhh broke my phone! totally screwed up my keypads 
phone still having seizures 
I have to call a repairman, because my hi-fi-system went wrong  but I can't find the phone number 
@Mandeemillion its okayy i just wish i knew how to block numbers i dont wanna turn off my phone  lol
@therezzza My phone's off 
@xjonberg my phone keeps messing up  fixxxx it ! LOL
sitting here by myself...doing something, beside my phone..waiting 
PS...I don't know how to twitter from my phone. 
@simon_marshall I made you one but it looks more like a llama and I've lost my phone so can't take a pic of it 
@prasanto  am planning to buy one. If you forget that there is an iphone in this world, would you still call it a bad phone?
@bgermainx my phone went swimmin wit me 
i want twitter back on my phone..  im missing all the action lol
@kkbkbkb not the chair, but the static from cellphone signal 
stupid dumbass phone turned of when i was talking to sheridan  now i have 2 charge it grrr!
dude , my phone broke again ! 
@Llubyloo Or you get to the phone just as the other party puts the phone down 
Locking my phone in a cupboard  Really got to do this tedious paperwork 
@juiceprincesss i went to download it on my phone and it says it's only for blackberrys  x
@ijustsetthemup I tried calling. You put the phone down. :| You can't recieve. That sucks hard. 
@missfrederica i have to get my other phone fixed.. and i cant find someone worthy enough to entrust my fone to.. sucks.. 
On the lappy trying to grieve at the loss of my mobile phone 
I want a smart phone 
just failed an over the phone interview LOL 
about to go to verizon to shell out money i don't have on a new phone 
wishies i could have my proper phone back now  (
@CharleneIsabel they can replace the battery but I think they have to send it back to the factory so u might be without a phone 
bummed out that I broke the charger piece off of my phone last night. I have to work on getting a new one today  so sad!!!!
My phone does not receive incoming texts for the third time! 
@_JAYsee @heykristi my girls!!!! my phone is broken so sorry if im not texting back  i miss you guys terribly.
ran out the door without saying goodbye or my phone. 
thank gosh my replacement phone finally cameee. too bad i have no idea how to set it up 
Aroundd the house! [: A/C guy here, and phone is coming around 7!  oh well. at least i know when its coming now! be back later.
needs a new phone bad 
@cosmodaddy  thanks. i think i had that until recently. it's so annoying. i can't twitter without a good phone app 
phones shut off fml. 
I can't use my phone in spain  *CRYYY*
hates downer phone calls....  
@kacymariemae how did your phone blow up?? And oww uncomfy 
ugh. cellphone option isn't working.  .....aunt kim..?
My stomach just grumbled so loudly that my co-worker stopped in midstream of his phone conversation to look at me as if I'd broken wind! 
back at mine got my phone unlocked not sure if i like it though difficult to use 
tired, very tired. and typing phone numbers is no fun.  
@thisgoeshere @erin82883 my phone didn't send me your dm last night. 
My croissant just got burnt to a crisp   darn phone calls.
@ilovegayboys now my allowance is still $250, except that now i have to pay for my own phone bill+transport 
my phone is still dead  ugh  im so frustrated!!!!!!!!!
keeps getting withheld phone calls 
misplaced my iPhone in a renegade taxi cab  at least i got to enjoy 3.0 for a couple of hours. if you need to get in touch, email me!
@holliBwell big spoon here, I lost your number when I lost my phone. 
@joeltelling My other phone broke and I am using an old phone. It takes crappy pics. 
&amp; you know what, that phone call today fucking hurt. Something could have been worked out if given the chance. 
@bevinkathryn My phone doesn't want to let me see twitpic atm 
my phone is not charging  i miss my baby already.  this is awful.
@lovesgreyboy i hate people who think u have nothing better to do than wait by your phone waiting to reply to txts!  stupid cow!
if u see random stufff in my updates its because of my stupid phone 
@taylordreger my phone email is andrewcilley@tmail.com - I don't have any service 
having a long conversation with mom on phone 
@xxdrew0590 did you get my voicemail?  haha. i was bored.
awake.... on the phone  txt me!
@DonnieWahlberg thanx for being part of the 14 messages on my phone that i woke up to started my day off right 
is downloading themes for her phone.  http://plurk.com/p/n0q72
quite bored reallyyy :| on the phone to my baby  x
phone againn 
@shantiernan Yes we definitely should  I'll ring you tonight, my mum has loadsa credit so keep your phone on x
our mobile team should look at pomegranate phone http://www.pomegranatephone.com/ 
@ddbenson you're getting some serious airtime here at the #cloudforce conference. How's your headset? 
has got a new phone, and a new number, the new number is 9 3000 920, because I'm just that awesome 
@awilber sure we use our own and proud of it. I work from home, have no land lines. Our company, head to toe is using Phone.com VoIP 
on the phone with somebody special he said hey tweets 
i'm getting busted by my parents for drinking alcohol and using the coconut phone 
more phone calls from my boss this morning.  tax ride off lol
@saraxoxoxo wait waaa are u getting a new phone?? its time 
@jaundrew this is what happens when my phone won't auto correct your name.  
i have a new phone its pretty and has pink on it 
@mangomangomango fruitie dear,how u tweetweet on ur E71?i cannot le!tell me tell me le!  under installation in our phone is it? thanks
@Finalovesyou ay! U got a T-mobile phone chillin at homeee?? 
@jonathanrhicks amazing things! More of a phone call than a tweet tho 
myspace and phone  
dropped my phone in the water.. oooohh yaaaay. now i'm phoneless for a few weeks 
The other trouble with medaeval dress, no pockets! One phone down the leg of one boot, one phone down the other. The centurys collided! 
...So what, i just ordered a new phone off ebay! 
Twitting on my cousin's phone 
@cchaos I would love to come. I'll set a reminder in my phone 
On the phone with someone special @rattlerguy 
I need a new phone case &amp; screen protector. Who's buying it for me?! 
plus it's hard to sleep when my phone is tweeting off the hook 
@ChabonKills people who are following you on their phones are probably so pissed huh. i had my phone updates off though 
Going online Mobile Phone shopping! fun fun 
I'm charging my cellphone using a solar panel.   wooohooo go go gadget solarpanel! 
PACKING  &amp; talking to the love on the phone
I just got off the phone with the coolest person I've ever met. 
Finaly got on my phone woo haha  x
says update: my phone that fell in the water is wrking again.  http://plurk.com/p/oyqc4
i am now quicktweeting from my android phone using quicktweet widget on ahome 
webcaming with james  and on the phone to remmmm 
@micah13x I'm going to blow up your phone 
cant wait to get my new phone 
@StewJude What phone will u have?  I'll change mine in 2weeks too
Night  Haha I can barely work my phone I'm so tired
i get my ipod today  but electronic department people are very rude on the phone at 7 in the morning.
new phone gets on the net beautifully  http://tinyurl.com/dfsoys
midnight phone calls make me smile 
@nncyang yup...still getting used to all the updating...need to set up my phone! how are ya? 
@nuttychris yep free phone, free line rental, free calls to orange phones, cheaper calls to other networks. like my job 
@latinabeatz Who has a house phone anymore? 
I got a cool new phone .  Yeaaa.
Yeahhhhh  at last this works on the mobily phone!
just saw an advert for my phone  well its not my phone yet but my dad said i can get it when it is on pay as you go
phone w/ my bitch of A boyfriend  I'm happy again
@jmarie7481 *strips* of course!  can you at least charge your phone or is dead as in *poof*?
on the phone with my love john 
finally finished! tired. phone then sleep! night twitter 
@WarrenMoney I tweet from my phone all the time   http://twitpic.com/3nb4b
Its all about the g1 phone tina 
new phone!  reading the manual now
@mandyriot Next time we're on the phone I'll sing it for you. 
Finally got a nu phone... i m contactable again 
@eringo_braless You can &quot;see&quot; from the web or phone 
@imoan buy me lunch and I'll give you a phone 
Doing three media interviews simultaneously on email/ phone/ chat. The night out was certainly worth it.  #indiavotes09 @votereportindia
moved 'que sera sesa' to my phone 
@davidledwards your tweet is actually right -- provided that locale is set on the phone in their settings 
@samchampion I knew I saw a phone in your hand @ the top of the 9:00 hour outside....wondered if you were tweeting 
@dieverdog I got the same two hits. the phone must have needed to reset or something. 
woo i got twitter working from my phone 
@morena84 sure, use a lifeline to phone (twitter) a friend if you get stumped 
was woken up by a lovely phone call from the boy.  what a great start to my monday. i have a feeling it'll be great.
@stephenfry is it a game that involves a tea drinking red phone on wheels?  sounds intriguing.
@noktahhitam hahaha, i guess so, but so far from what i heard on lowyat.net, there's no serious problem with the phone, so go for it ! 
@ohkara saw your phone, love it, hate you 
Off to school, projectpresentation ^^ drop by the kpn on the way, see if they've fixed my phone yet 
@sylbree in my previous tweet, i meant worrying, i'm not used to use mom's phone. Lol 
Quality of the photos I just loaded is not brilliant, sorry, as I was using my phone. 
@jeanbugoverload lol ok i will but my phone's not working right now! D: and yayy i learned the whole song! 
Its fun to randomly text your nephew, without him knowing that you have his phone number 
@SasaLoves Phone? Phone with camera? I sense a drunken mistake that you're gonna regret tomorrow. Let it be to me! 
so glad that my phone can play videos already 
Is now tweeting with his phone  yay bell mobility!
phone on charge, going for a bath and then i need to pack. southend 
nothing to do...watching tv...and later i will buy a new mobile phone 
Six seven eight triple nine eight two one two - has anyone heard that song?  (kiss me thru the phone)
messing with this twitter deal. Just got it connected to my phone. I guess I'm moving up in the world 
- I just got a new phone...with unlimited texting...I'm only 10 years behind the trends...    440-813-5380
I *finally* fixed the email sending from my phone. It would be much easier for me to send stuff from my phone via email now. 
got a new phone. same number but i dont have anyones number so can u text me saying its you? thannks 
@JustiinCunt what kinda phone? 
Testing out twitter on my phone 
my stupid phone keeps losin reception!!so if u text me and i dont reply,i dont hate u its cause tmobile is stupiddd! 
@hushm0nk3y you should record my voicemail!! 
on the phone with my favorite celtics fan 
Loves when her friends call just to say hi. And wonders if u can get a contact high over the phone?  Now I need to run until I get tired. 
Just dropped my phone b/c I was sending @JayAntwan this tweet.... Now ima get you twice!  LOL
I. Can't. Sleep. This sucks. But I am on the phone with a cute girlie 
im saving both voicemails in my phone. cuz they both make me happy 
on the phone with rae 
On the phone with a boy. 
Wish I knew where my usb cable for phone and camera were! I can haz lovely pic of bub falling asleep in one of my slings 2day 
trying to figure out my new phone... must attempt to sleep . . . goodnight 
'  figuring out how to use this new phone  x
I need to change my mob number but I want a new phone at the same time. A good phone that I can Internet on 
Enjoying the sun and talking with a friend over the phone 
On the phone to a depressed little girl  love her to bits though  xxxxx
@johnmaine i wanted to say thank you for signing the sign for my friend and for leaving a msg on her phone, she said she cried 
@mrrobbo looking forward to ICTEV and hearing your mobile preso 
no man, no phone, no trouble = 100% freedom !!! i'm loving it 
This is gianna just sayin I jacked sego's phone. Six flags babyyyyyyy 
@ryawho hail yeah for a new phone! i need a new one too! 
Wtf just exploring some new cool phone shizzz  http://short.to/70tu
aww. just got the cutest video sent to my phone.. 
@pipermatt my mom says get off your phone 
i threw my phone on the bed and went outside to play on the giant swing [= i went swimming in a 50 degree lake 
@xlad Just asked Ian on phone and he said yes....but you are the only one.  x
@chathuraw What's the phone you planning to buy  what ya using now?
My phone died last night.. And i miss my stef 
wants to get a new phone! 
@cheyroux will as soon as i can get the comp it wont do it from my phone  x
@alx2da that nap was nice! Lol.... I got a phone again so no worries  haha
Trying out twitter without a phone 
on the phone with a great friend 
@Melaniedubbs so you Can twitter but Not answer The phone? Makes perfect sense 
@zoecello *raises* I'm good a phone calls and paper work... 
talking to my best friend, waiting for an important phone call 
Just got off the phone with a most amazing person, I haven't felt smilie like this in awhile 
@andyclemmensen yuckkkk  i find it disturbing that you have photos of shauns butt crack on your phone or whatever D: haha 
Home from rehearsal, which went really well, got my new phone exchanged for one that will work right &amp; watching TV. 
@Balloonmage lol. just relaized i cant spell..got a new phone and having trouble adapting. 
i dropped the phone on the dunny today 
@roryok I suppose it has a certain 80's charm. I'd personally hold out for the motorola 8 track phone. I like my phones chunky 
@mbloomer64 awww. If I coukd send it from my phone I would. What kind of flair would you like?  
been playing with the new phone.. think I got it all figured out 
@kayatee Haha no. I just connected my phone to my wifi. 
on my brothers phone, using the internet 
Ugh fun concert  screen cracked on phone again because it fell... =\
Family guy reruns, food, and, good phone conversations  ah, saturdays.
really fun day  gahhh i want my new phone this razr is killin me
Just got off the phone with garrett.  still cleaning my room. It s raining  that makes me feel better
twittering, texting, and ipoding. i love the invention of mutitasking! 
On the phone to mum  http://tinyurl.com/otdn9u
@rachamin well thank your phone for me.  
i'm only updating this so that brett's phone beeps  but really.. looking at wedding stuff. again.for the next five months.
my phone keeps beeping at me... thanks alan and speeeeeen! 
i'm doin my tweets on my phone so i have on clue how to reply to anyone. but thank u fiercemichi, as soon as i can i'll check it out. 
phone was acting crazy today so i missed all my tweeties' updates  but i fixed it 
talking on the phone with someone I've missed a lottt. 
@sarahhh3 ill call you on my home phone to your home phone    after dinner tho! coz im almost ready to eat, is that ok? xx
Just got done talking on the phone with casey for well over 3 1/2 hours. 
jsut had a conversation with my niece on the phone. good times 
@rianov Yeeees. im still trying to figure out who has better seats and better phones. lol! will you want to help me? haha. volunteer?  
got a new phone ,     mr perfect bought it for me 
@petaronline don't buy iphone. it's not a phone... 
Phone works again lulz 
I Just wanted to see how twitter worked with my phone  now i know
@devilgossip I checked your site out on my mobile phone yesterday and am about to again on the computer so you can count me as 1 
I have 504 pictures on my phone.  Haha woowoowoo. 
@muSicFienDkiCks don't chuck it pls some of us don't have phones I know LOL 
@guttermouth according to who i talked to on the phone, there should be, easily. will check again in the morning. 
had some phone trouble but im back!! 
talking to miss k on the phone 
@0mie I have a weather app on my phone any way 
still scary!!! this is come crazy film! haha! geez I need to relax for a phone interview soon 
@chantelleaustin  about the same ma'am was one da phone with @thefatboys  remember them?? anyways new single out! it's off the hook! 
@Pishy__x yes, ugh I love anime!!!! Haha yer I just finished &amp; about to put it on my phone  What's up what's up?
@meccanicole  call my phone. 20 fafillion times. every hour. and never take the hint when i don't pick up. thats the only way.
My phone is whacked!! *crosses fingers* hopefully i'm getting a new phone soon 
--on the phone wit my president....  i was waiting for this phonecall all day...lmfaoooo...
Yay finally configured twitter for my phone  going to update more often, I suppose.
@keatselliott I hope you got inside! By the way, I might be giving you a phone call tomorrow 
@wilko1 clearly they have mobile phones. Just not any signal to use them with 
Filling in at reception for an hour or two. I dont particularly like answering phones unless I know its for me... 
- bored on the phone  somebody hit me uppppp !
@Chastityguy well if you are into (paid) phone sex you are always welcome to call - I love watching xd's on cam and guiding masturbation 
gnna read and relax for the rest of the night  waiting for my nightly phone call
@michaelurie Haha. I laughed out loud when I read this after getting it on my phone. 
lamb fam phone chat starts now the number is 1-712-432-3000 and the room number is 894091 
My phone is still so sticky...free food tonight 
change of plans. found my phone.  watching the princess bride.
new phone  been wanting this phone for like 5 months and i finally have it &lt;3   wooooo teacher strike tuesday, no school! 
just got off the phone with @dangsdunks. now what? eat the pot de dreme that @dyee812 gave me? i think so. 
getting offline  going to watchh some television &amp;&amp; still talking to the goon on the landline devices. gottmilkkk?
@kaeili my phone said this went through, but i think it lied: i suck at waiting generally but now it's about the fic exchange 
Just got twitter on her phone 
@margotrobbie LOLOLOL!! I can't live without my phone. I love it more than my computer. 
*smiles* I hope i play truth or dare wif all my frnds on the phone plzz make it happen! 
@tobiashieb *hust* &quot;Kiss me through the Phone&quot; .... Sinn?  next track &quot;Fck be through the Phone&quot; ;)
The phone call I just got made me way so happy  my bus is in the boogie down bx. Almost there!!!
talking with my friend on the phone. 
@loisyoung92 im getting an upgrade on my phone 
I can't wait to get on the phone and talk to my boyfriend!!!!! 
ok I got my phone back up thank you soooo much holly. 
@poet_suspicious he left me a message on my phone today! He is well 
LOL left a message on their phone line 
i just got off the phone with someone and they said they felt way better now than when they first got on the phone that felt good to help 
@philbolsta oh i have video too  from my phone www.qik.com/vbsetup 
@twinkleboi oh wow good for you.....not did-similar to working in a phone shop then 
automatic im at work tweet ....i love my phone 
butterflies when the phone rings - idiot girl 
Finally sorted out my phone for twitter 
Ugh i just lost the memory card to my phone and went on a hunt but i found it thank god 
i'm going to watch 27 dresses  will tweet from my phone 
Hahaa turning off my phone because twitter is keeping me awake 
playing with bella  // &amp;&amp;+ on the phone.
@sharonrsmith and the hut i blame on my phone....has a mind of its own 
i have the worst phone ever. its doesnt vibrate. it stopped charging. and it rejected my memory card. but i cant help but love it 
Is showing @candygur how awesome updating from your phone is. 
yayyy i finally set up twitter on my phone 
@cnguyen321 becuase it sendds to my phone make mine send to ur phone too 
wishing I had a phone with a ringtone!  xx
@realin and then I activated the latitude feature on my dad's and my phone! 
just bought a new phone haha  thanks mommy and daddy
yay my new phone has been despatched  should get it tomorrow
yeah, it is.  and you should disable phone notifications.
phone dieing...smh *auto tweet* 
@attackbunny514 my phone's being gay lol it won't send anything it died earlier 
Going to sleep finally hung up the phone with kris &lt;3 he's so adorableeee he makes me smile so much 
I'm downloading songs to my sister's phone.. how are ya doing guys?? 
has been talking on the phone for the last 5 hours with one of my besties 
My phone doesn't recieve tweets right now. So text straight to my phone what i should twitter about today. 
So this is the day of inspiration. So text straight to my phone what inspires you to strive to be great. 
@sammutimer setting a reminder on my phone so I can tune in 
Wow.  I was texting and flinched away from a bug , almost dropping my phone.  But I caught it half way down.  Slickkkkk.  
@rickoshea luvit   ...and then it's like hold the phone a sec brain!
love my mobile phone! Used my sat nav to go home from school xD haha I know the way, but thats fun 
@cakiiebakiie ahah, wise  the phone. (: i might actually.... yeah, will do soon x'
@ezduzit777 Yes... moving up! But it seems wireless + a cordless phone is just too much. 
In the future I am not going to celebrate my bday with a phone near me as it will be lost or broken 
@bellec10 me too, everytime my mom's phone rings...i'm like it might be my adviser...hahahahahaha 
nothing like rebooting your phone before starting a session. WHee! 
@MissDOtell ppshh the deal i got on my phone is bananas!  ... u wouldnt like me for it
had a good chat on the phone with @patg I miss you! 
@bfisher75 checking my phone to see if there's a voicemail message or something... borderline jealous 
setting up my phone for twitter 
@Yumyum5219 i got da twit app on my phone now! 
Omgosh I put my phone back on the hook so the battery didn't die!!!  !! ;]
booking movie tickets, what/where to watch? everywhere seems full. ... others; mesmerized by my phone. 
@absolutraia @andiraa hehe.. Who do u think signed her up n installed ubertwitter in her phone? 
In hotel with matthew, chargi g phone then showing him around the bay!! 
@natasha_zemlin so sorry my phone died!! but yes I went 
@courtneykkk another note for the morning: watch the video on your phone 
@benjibum oooo kaycee  she was adorable on the phone the other day  .
@yesyouu You can turn those updates off on your phone, I'm sure. 
turned the volume up too high to hear my phone's beeps. guess I might as well turn off twitter, switch it off and let it charge. toodles! 
told my mum my maths result. she said she'll still help me get my phone even thought not that good. but rank is everything i guess 
loves new phone 
tweeting on my brothers phone   
activated my new phone and transferred my contacts so im back in business!  also just painted my toes 
@didgeluvsjonas yeaahh she knew LOL she didnt really approve and i lost my camera hahaa and my phone is upstairs so i shall show u monday 
i've discovered i'm a slow texter :l but at least i can text!! 
@danniella_bells Be a dear and get off the internet, as I am trying to contact you via banana phone  xx
my phone shall be  off till 5th just to let everyone knows 
I love my new memory card - more music 4 ma phone 
is studying and has 2 ask mom about a 10pm phone meeting with @faithfreaks ... i hope tht works 
going outtt ... imm prolly be tweeting from my phone 
is liking how things are going this morning, now for the phone to ring with 2 particular calls (fingers crossed) 
on the phone with chao chaoo 
is on the phone to @xCMM and is about to go on the sims 2 
Watching hollyoaks and just had the best phone call in a long while  thankyouuuu, youve cheered me right up!
@mahalmichelle Thanks  I hope so too. I think I just stopped putting money in&amp;simply sold the phone to someone else.
@hhccaazz I apparently didn't get your last reply. On my phone while I was away. Haha. But yeah that sounds awesome. 
xD just got off the phone w/ @raddshawn  thank you for talking to me  &lt;3
My phone died charger blew out but it was the rebirth and now it works 
Haha I'm so new at this twitter mobile thing. I'm so amazed right now  I wonder if this costs a lot :| my phone bill!
got wat to do music for my secret plus you can download from phone   yay
chilln in the crib......talkn on the phone to my bff 
Almost my birthday  49mins.. On the phone with my girrrllfriend.
gots my phone   text me.
On my uncles side kick slash touch screen phone. . Basicaly a G1  its mega cool 
@neosole Oops! I wasn't near my phone most the night. I just sent you a text. 
everyone . This is my first tweet from my cellular device 
I'm tweeting from my fancy dancy new phone. 
@lilpinaibabe lol  you're spamming my phone! but its cool.
- on da phone with alicia hauser, singing together! 
stoked my phone bill has been halved since moving mobile to tpg and landline calls to skype 
flipping channels while having the longest phone call with rr! good day 
#liesboystell she &amp;&amp; i onlyyy talk on facebook! (but her number is in your phone??) 
Enjoying the convenience &amp; fun of twittering through phone 
is the one with the cool phone 
call my phone &amp; listen to my voicemail  its pretty funny..well atleast i think it is
On the phone with my love 
@iheartrachael rachael i got my phone 9492132521 add me  ily
@aissuperbodoh my mobile was back. i really miss you.  are you online, sista?
@rodet ... who use their phone mainly as a portable comp - for clarifying 
@sloti ... who use their phone mainly as a portable comp - for clarifying 
@jodiem yeah she's getting better   but lesson no 1 will be about phone numbers!!
@Realradiorobin listening to real radio on my phone  do you think the renegade will be caught today? tweet back please ;)
on the phone to alex talking about our holiday 
