Most common words for this cluster:
[('phone', 1050), ('charger', 32), ('call', 24), ('lol', 21), ('number', 15), ('battery', 14), ('cellphone', 13), ('texts', 9), ('computer', 9), ('amp', 9), ('isnt', 8), ('messages', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'phone', 0.9988698959350586), (u'telephone', 0.818865954875946), (u'cell_phone', 0.7868576049804688), (u'cellphone', 0.7674379944801331), (u'Phone', 0.7257728576660156), (u'phones', 0.6966696381568909), (u'voicemail', 0.6303179264068604), (u'landline', 0.6296939849853516), (u'caller_id', 0.6103718876838684), (u'RingCentral_cloud_computing', 0.5999109148979187)]





i forgot my phone in my car but i'm too scared to go outside and get it. 
@avisionofbeauty your phone doesn't like it  sorry
cannot find her phone 
It is hard to have no cellphone... 
My new phone isnt as spanky as i thought it was going to be  hmmph
@CeeHawk my phone finally died...i cant originate any calls or texts 
I want my new phone 
....phone is dying!  Wish I had an extra battery.. lol
Wanting to put a pic on my profile but don't know how with my phone 
@Obanga    never got that phone call... lol
I'm on my phone and it won't let me send a message from my phone 
I'm off the phone 
lost my phone 
@Ketekete aight then let's do it... dumb arse that i am, i just tried calling your phone! 
@NirvanaArcher well my phone is still off 
I just droped my phone and dented it 
I tried setting up twitter on my phone but failed 
waiting for a special phone call 
I don't have twitter on my phone 
@irishnessa it does. AND my battery on my phone is low 
@ashl3ynicole it happens. it's just his phone got cut off so ya 
lost my phone 
that was supposed to be @jessiah, i dont know who @jesiah is, and i cant fix it on my phone. 
Feeling down after a phone conversation; feeling utterly helpless! 
I lost my phone... 
phone is konking up 
lost my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My phone will not turn on 
Parents are Faggots... i need a new Phone 
I lost my phone 
gaaad i need my stubid phone to work already! bored withoutt it 
i can't find my phone charger 
@BrianLFTW I'm impatient about ordering my phone! 
i need twitter on my phone!!! i need a new phone!!!! 
Phone almost dead 
@khodges2 laptop just lost phone and have to get a new one 
@rockeye My phone was flat. 
lost my charger and my phone just died, 
ugh i need my phone back!!!! not looking forward to work without it. 
phone is effing up. hardcore-like. 
my phone got shut off 
my phone silencer is broken and it is oow, awesome 
i left my phone at kahls now im sad 
@thetinz my phone dropped the call and it wont let me call back  haha
@karlbright on my phone? 
okayy. it cost me 9.oo just to update here. from my phone.  now i get it. 
No! Julies phone died 
and the phone is dead. i can't rech you 
I don't like this phone...  watching notorious.
@carmenlam but now my cellphone isnt working 
@TheRealJordin tell me about it! Its even worse on my phone   x x
@Ayryk my phone died 
My phone doesn't stop beeping 
no more cellphone.  uuuhg just keeps getting worse.
Oh no my phone is dead. it has gone to the magic place to be fixed. I am phone less 
so frustrated I can't get twitterberry to work on my phone.  
@CassieFX can't watch on phone 
i need a phone 
My phone is dying 
Here I am: http://tinyurl.com/ckszx9 Phone dying. 
my phone  .. i forgot my phone ..cry*
my phone pretty much died.  what can i say??  i'll charge it.  but he won't believe me 
putting my phone away because I'm getting yelled at for texting so much 
i need a new phone 
My phone is messed up 
still not liking this phone 
i want a new phone 
i broke my phone charger. 
@hodapp that's like 18% of my phone 
@YESandME I can't read it on my phone 
dropped my phone...now it's half-bricked 
@laurendestroyer. My phone died! And I was busy  my badddd...blackpeople.
I need a new phone!!  this one is startin to really suck
@huera713 aww his phone was dying 
I broke my phone 
my phone isnt working!! 
hey guys my phone is cut off. So idk when ill be able to text 
i watched too much dammit  and I have to charge my phone now
i lost my phone 
@nickjonass i can't see it.  i don't have interwebz on my phone.
kicking myself because i forgot my phone charger 
phone is dying! 
i wish i had my phone back!!!! 
Oh no, my phone battery is dying 
lost my phone 
my phone is still missing 
@FearceDiva i cant find my charger or my phone 
@RyanMallette I killed my phone  I would like numbers 
@clpvetter  didn't realize you were on your phone. I didn't get it.
annoyed i lost my phone 
Finally! I have my phone again! It's awful to being without it 
Manually entered all of my contacts into my new phone. 
what happen to my phone? can connet to the internet 
My phone is dieing. 
@tsarnick I think I need to buy a phone card to do so. I tried texting you and I don't think it worked 
i need a new phone  my phone keeps on dying
My blackberry is messed up. cnt receive tx  so im abt 2 treat myself 2 an I-Phone 3G. bbl after I purchase it. lata!...
i love you too. on my mobile phone I can reply to you. 
@juanflineal i did NOT lose ur #! its in my other phone that was shipped away 
My phone broken 
my phone was stolen 
Really then my phone is fucked 
I was rudely awakenedby my phone 
I was rudely awakened by by phone 
Where is my phone........ringing but know one can find it 
They dont make phone batteries like they used 2  like they used 2
i broke my phone     
@rdelizo35 i can but the handset i want is expensive  so i need a contract phone .... but alas i tried and i cant....
ugh. i have no phone 
my phone is broken 
can't tweet from her phone... 
I need a new phone! 
Hey, anyone got a vodafone mobile they feel like giving me? I need a new phone but can't afford one 
@nineteenfifty my phone is tripping too  i wanted to chat :..(
contemplating how rude i was on the phone. i feel bad 
@JackEbrown  i'm trying to send a pic from my phone but it won't let me, don't know what i'm doing wrong. 
I left my phone in the car 
Is upset that she can't get her phone working.. 
@Kirstyy09xX ah I would but twitter doesn't work on my phone 
@Djalfy naw not from my phone 
wishing i could talk to someone on the phone... but she will not answer the phone 
i want my new phone 
@reneeruin i can't read dms on my phone 
my phone is broken 
@DYNASTYLA24 I wanted to ask you if irene still has her phone. U text her but nothin back  thought she was learning from u LOL.
She changed her phone number 
I lost the stylus of my phone  .. Not that i use it but still.
Long live the phone ! 4 it is dieing 
Hopefully lindsays phone starts receiving texts, I miss her 
i have no phone credit 
They won't let me take my phone camping 
How do I send a twitpic from my phone? 
can't get twitter on her cellular phone 
lost my phone 
lost my cellphone 
@CristaltheGreat lost phone 
ahhh my phone is nearly dead. 
@larasucks my phone is dead 
Omw to work phone still broken  should be interesting
so boreddddd without my phone 
My phone got scratched 
My phone is dyyyyying 
is uber tired and rather dissapointed that my new phone isn't here yet. 
my phone be taken away 
I want a new phone  I've seen too much cellphone commercials (
it seems my phone is dying!  boo! 
Aww sad @Ruthiexo09 now  stupid crapped up phone and deciding that you would go and screw yourself up and never again work arghhh 
My phone is dying .... 
@mathewsanders boo! I must've deleted it from my phone!  can't find it in my emails either!
i misss my phone, 
Finally. Deleted her number from my phone contacts  #heartbreak
Getting my phone taken away 
i lost my phone. 
On the phone with the bank. 
@imreallydope your phone isn't working! 
Going to tmobile  i need a new phone this G1 is so not working for me anymore
I cant get all my rwitters on my phone this phone sucks 
@zacofficial  i don't have twitter on my phone, it's sad 
@wrldfms i would, but i don't know how to do it from the phone... 
@mitchelmusso so cool! if only i could call! my phone won't let me calll the number! 
Almost lost my phone. 
@lovexoL what happened to your phone 
@AS2257 heyyyyyyyyyyyyy divshite, phone is playing soft arses again  xx
can't set p my phone to twitter 
@thatkidkevin my phone died 
my phone is going to die too prematurely 
I can't find my phone 
headache ! kate lost her phone 
on the telephone 
I want a new phone, but I don't like any of the phones currently available. 
I tried to tweet from my phone. I failed. 
@akirarhymes ahh!!! i cant hear it on my phone 
i think i just lost my phone O_O .... i cant find it 
@princessleah7x can you talk on the phone right now? 
My phone is dying... 
@toyabanks  its not working on my phone....
i think my phone just died ... 
My phone is dying!!!!! 
How do you use this on your phone  ?!??
@sheppo287 they dont load on my phone 
@CarlAmouzou hey you are up! Why didn't you answer my phone call? 
got a new phone but really misses her old one 
fucking phone is broken now 
@darwinshome i might as well just buy a new phone then...bugger 
off the phone and bored once again 
@ChrisGBaillie  is the phone 2 technologically advanced for you ??  aaawwww
lost my phone...again 
@nessa665 I'm not really happy about it  arghf I think we have to get new phone numbers 
@eeriedeerie i wanted to spin at 1030 but i woke up too late &amp; i have no phone 
I would LOVE to find a computer and/or a phone that could keep up with me! That's all I want!  
is pissed with her other phone  i can't receive messages. HER messages 
@GunnarBender Took me too long to get my phone 
@glowcatsglow it wouldn't come on my phone even though I can do video now  laaame
I think he got his phone taken away... He's not replying... 
@Jumpingje sorry babe, only in town for the afternoon and early dinner  I'll be back during finals week! Phone date soon?
f'd up his phone... 
p.s my phone was on silent  
phone is about to die 
My phone's so fucked 
my phone is dead still 
I only have one more bar on my phone 
I broke my phone 
i did not get my new phone... i am sad.... 
my phone is dead. 
can't find my phone 
 I miss my phone.
i wish i had my phone 
i lost my phone 
Ugh. I wish i wouldn't have dropped my phone. I'm bored and now i can't play bejeweled. 
GGRRRrrrrrr... phone still not working...   
@almostvisible apparently can't play music on phone only on computer 
i think my phone just died 
@isaacmiller2004 I found you! but now I lost my phone 
My phone is dying 
I didn't find my phone 
well i guess paying extra for rush processing and next day air was a waste. Phone never came in today 
It wonakt come up on my computer...just the phone...for now  
new phone? i don't think so 
omgoodness. i lost my car and my phone is almost dead 
Lying in my bed. I'm so upset I'm stillno driving and I dnt have my new phone 
@venisia i dont got my phone 
@lipzs0juicy I heard n I knowwwww I need 2 buy another phone  I should put my chip in my moms phone
waiting for a phone call 
i'm so lost without my phone 
@DatDudeSuccess sowwy  .....phone in the truck
@gunnerz20 iGuess i can see it 2.. just not on my phone 
@justlikeanovel i know but i got a phone call 
@fashinator1985 same, my phone died out so I'm not able to use it 
My phone is about to die and im not home so i cant charge it 
@AndrewHagiwara dude i'm sorry but it's hard when your phone doesn't work  i don't get text updates on my phone. sowwwwwwy!
@TaylaMcCloud you know my phone is shit i don't even remember those texts  phwoar headachey. hate revish
@iamlols I'm on my phone, I don't know what the lol is for 
i need a new phone 
is stuck with a brick now her phone is broken 
lol...my alarm on my phone to wake me up jus went off and i never went to sleep 
well i guess were leaving now sooo ill be back later i guess   text or call the phone 
@nikkiheimberg no i didnt find my phone  which means im pretty sure it got stolen  
ah, my phone is going to run out of battery soon 
I broke my phone 
@TiffyNiffy is tiffys phone working? Chelsay needs to talk 
@SamsHabeby I was asleep when you called, sorry that I didn't answer the phone. 
i haaaate this, i want my phone 
@iyazialcita Your phone suuuucks. 
i miss you twitter almost 3 weeks no phone 
@youngQ I sure would I wuld love it but im on  acell phone can I get on it with that 
I want a new phone 
lost her phone charger 
Phone be dead 
my phone is broken 
Its possible that my phone may just be defective 
Carly just dropped my phone, and now it ugly 
my phone isnt working 
@YoungQ i couldn't get on with my phone. 
i lost my phone  if only if only jesse could figure out how to use twitter on his phone
lost my phone charger 
so twitpic is being an asshole and doesn't seem to post what i send from my phone 
is now without a phone 
hoping i could also buy a cellphone... 
@AlyxxDione K.even tho I was to use it on my phone  lol
I was just informed that my phone wasn't getting texts 
i have to reset my phone again! 
i broke my phone 
Or my phone for auto correcting 
I miss charlie because his phone isn't working. 
Ahh my phone is dying!! 
aww my phone is broken 
where's my phone charger! 
@iCatharine .. to see if you were there, but then my phone died !!! 
my trackball on my phone is broken again.. tear. 
Waiting for candidate... Phone interviews are quite akward, there's now way to really read the person  I'm tired of this
@YoungQ if only my phone was able too. 
@lovatolover why aren't u answering your phone 
@Outofluck182 im on my phone  i cant see it! :'(
I can't remember what I did with my phone. 
tired  but finally got my phone charger back!!
i cant get twitter on my phone. 
I need a new phone i hate this one 
my phone is on yellow! 
Darnnn, I lost my headphonees, so I can't listen to musiccc on my phone without like blasting it 
@davenegron I cant find my phone 
I still can't find my phone, I NEED that phone, well not the phone the memory card in it!  
Oh. And my phone is dying too.  
@PeachyMcMurphy i miss using my phone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My phone is going to die. 
@LeahSevilla I've tried! You never answer your phone or are too busy for me 
I only wish i can respond to everyone, but i'm trying to conserve my phone since they wont let us charge our phones 
@SarahLeigh32 @perceyhearts I loved that phone 
i think my phone is possesed..  i hope it isn't ..then i have 2 go and get a new phone.. and i want the alias 2!!!!!! da
&amp; my phone is dying 
have to add so many numbers to new phone 
@TeamTSwift i would but i cant im on my phone and it dont let me do that 
my phone brokeee  i need a new onnne!
 my phone is bout to brake
@iitzfresh I love it too, but not when I can't get a phone signal 
my phone is broken 
What is going on with my phone? It won't connect to the internet at all.  I feel so disconnected.
@iamjonathancook byebye phone 
my phone isn't here yet 
my phone definitely just died forever 
Phone is officially dyin 
my phone is ringing and I can't answer it......  
my phone is dying 
i got my phone taken away 
on the phone!...not studying!  soo borring! 
@antonchann found your phone yet? poor you 
My phone was turned off. 
@DisHonoredAngel I would so call you to yell at you for that one if i knew where my phone was/ it didnt hurt my face to talk on the phone 
@DdubsValentine I can't hear it on my phone 
I forgot my cellphone at my grandmass! 
My phone is being retarded 
Just got off the phone with kat 
I miss my old phone.  It knew me so well. 
i lost my phone 
i miss my cellphone! 
@yahyan why are you ignorin' my calls and then you put your phone on busy I thought we were goin' to talk on the phone? 
Sitting on the couch, my phone is dying 
@favored619 My phone is always trippin. Ive only gotten 1 2 go thru. 
My phone can't come soon enough 
-lost my phone! 
@Maritzasylvia  we want working phone - we want working phone  - we want working phone
@katcal what was that? I can't see on my phone 
studying and in neeeeeed of my phone. 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh stop screaming into the phone!!! 
@evregirl my phone is too shit to run it properly 
@soulafrodisiac my phone is off 
has lost her phone .. somewhere 
On the phone...trying to decipher log files over the phone 
@effyobie  i love you so much. txt me whenever you want (on old phone).
My new phone won't receive text messages 
My phone cracked  most ugly thing ever
@fromthechaos I'm so sorry about your phone. 
I miss my phone 
@cynicismsynd I cant read the name, using my phone   What is it?
tiiiiired. i miss my phone 
i need a new phone!!! 
@joannaoh i dont have a camera phone right now 
I tried to post from my phone but it was being weird so I'll try again later. 
My phone won't let me send or recieve texts 
@justinnickens when did you call? my phone is prolly fucked over again. 
I think I broke my phone 
@jwads1012 Phone is taken away  So sad. I've been phoneless for a month...
@LaVieEnVonnegut did you guys here my phone when i called it? i think i left it again 
i wanntt my phone 
i lost my phone again 
i want a new phone 
the phone died  i love you
I have 10% left of my phone battery 
can't get twitter to work on my phone. this is so frustrating! 
back on! my phone will die soon 
I need a new phone 
only just realised that its not twitterberry that I have on my phone... 
is sad about her phone 
I need to be on the phone phone phone and I don't want to be... 
@phycodemented08 I got it for my phone but it's $70 for my computer 
My phone is going dead 
iPhone isn't working... No phone 
My phone is almost dead 
Phone is about to die 
My Phone is turned off... I'm waiting for when they won't let people even text/call me anymore 
i miss my phone 
Awww. @DavidArchie is always tweeting using his phone and can't reply often. Awww  lol
I can't find my phone 
its terrible ! when one of your ear phone goes dead 
my phone is NOT doing well 
trying to figure out where is my phone charger!!! 
eating at poblanoes. cell phone has a low battery 
@ohsnapsjohn my phone did that. 
@sauld that doesn't help me  what's the phone# we have on file for you (dm)
@UltraPunch why is your phone off? 
@jasminxx hiiii! i loove you. i dont know if dms work to my phone now  you ok?
@csquaredsmiles I don't have a phone number. 
Slowly but surely my phone is dying. 
@HelloImPatz I can't aim on my phone 
@huneeb913 we will but the phone # we have for you you never answer  lol but we will twitter you
my phone is still lost 
my phone is broken! 
I think my phone is dead.  
@ellenmoore08 I can't follow on my phone 
@lustforlife87 my phone died..... and it does suck indeed  depressing
wtf my phone is wicked stuuupid.  
Phone is going to die. I might be disconneted 
not having a phone sucks! i hope i find it soon 
on the phone with t-mobile 
You and those elusive phone calls. 
Phone dead  ~K~
my phone is broken 
Ahhh what's wrong with my phone?!?! 
It seems like my messages are leaving my phone.  
@buttersquashyou actually shoes are find but phone is sticky 
I hate when I lose my phone.  I feel so isolated. 
@giraffaroozle I LOVE YOU, and im sorry  my phone dieddd can we hang out soon?
my head hurts and I'm starving. I forgot to eat because I was reading all day  Phone is dying too. LOL, drive through time.
i wish i had my phone right about now 
my phone just died! 
my phone is dying 
is sad because of her phone.. 
Hey el I just realized I don't have your phone number..... 
Idno where my phone is  sadsadsad
so now i have No internet and my phone is off till i reload it. 
i've lost my phone 
@jophesine77 9 according to my computer, 11 according to the phone. 
@WeRDBoTicZ my phone 
@TrackstarGIBSON  my phone is acting stupid
@mcflyharry #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly and sorry about your phone 
@Adgeb no phone? 
My phone is dying.  don't forget me!
WTF? WTF? WTF? my phone! no! 
i want a new phone 
on the phone with palm trying to find out what's wrong with my phone... 
wishing i had my phone  ...
but my phone bout to die 
I broke my phone. 
@marxinurface I would've but my phone died. 
@gfalcone601 that is seriously freaky but i wish my phone did that 
What i hate about my phone is that it keeps freezing on me 
tweeting just ain't the same without my phone, I miss you little guy. 
I need a new phone.... 
Noooooooooo my phone is dead! 
lost my phone. 
I so broke my phone. 
I wish i had another phone charger so bad 
My phone is really fucking up right now 
Ahh, my phone has low battery 
My phone is trippin  
@diamondsyndrome not if you dont answer your phone 
Wondering why he doesnt have his phone 
@nettynotachance I would text you but i don't have my phone on me thought 
@tallulahdarling my phone died when we were talking  i just now fixed it
my phone charger is broken 
why is twitter not working on my phone?! 
i can fix my phone 
i can't find my cord for my phone 
 my phone is going dead!!
Looking at my phone and I have no messages... 
I hate my phone 
I am trying to figure out why I can't use my phone to update 
@TravisFessler it didn't work i have them saved on my phone but it doesn't show up on the website 
@LianaOlivia lmfao im bored .. so i called u .. ur cellphone aint ooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
@aleshacal my phone is dying  no charger here!
left her phone in that car. 
I must be tired. i went to plug my phone in and couldn't figure out what was plugged into the outlet i wanted to use. it was my computer. 
Me wants a new phone 
my phone cannot be fixed 
Phone is broken again, don't call or text 
Phone's about to die 
Missing him  It sucks when you don't have a phone charger.....
I got a new phone and its roken  I need a new phone asap 
i want @renegadde to get online so i can tweet him cause my phone is broken and we cant txt 
i lost my phone. i want to die! 
says I need a new phone,  http://plurk.com/p/z1evt
@StyleMeRad i dont have interwebz on my phone  i love my laptop!
@alexisderailed dad won't let me out! He was like 'do not answer that phone.' 
Just been talking to nan on phone - asked some questions I'm trying to avoid thinking about 
around, lost my phone 
@haleyymae I'm on my phone so I can't listen. 
Temporarily misplaced my phone. 
worried fo my phone 
my phone 
lost my phone . 
@AlisonWithOneL including my phone charger  sorryyy
@EmmaLovesJLS rav heard it over the phone..i kno..im depressed 
my phone is broken 
My phone is almost dead and I need my phone charger 
going to orlando cellphone is broken 
My phone might be broken 
I just dropped my phone and scratched it all up. 
@atikahsayogo: Like you don't know me, my cellphone has probably died by now 
In the car......i want my phone 
phone doesn't work, don't feel well, off to work 
Phone still doesn't work. 
i want my phone 
lost my phone 
i am going to set my phone up to this so i can write on here more often. i forget..  sorry
on the phone to @loveisonitsway 
@musiclovermona What's up with your phone? It no work 
can whoever stole my phone give it backkkkk 
i want my phone! 
@Leneisefjaer no i didnt get it but i dont get international text on this phone 
My phone died 
I be bored, &amp; didn't get a new phone 
not happy that @randomblonde is refusing to answer my phone calls 
my phone is broken 
is gettin' off. I turned off my phone.. I hate stalkerrrrrs.. 
@selenagomez It doesn't say that you are on the phone!  I'll keep trying!
@lovelyomia no phone?! i need to talk to you!! 
@jazzjeet  i got my phone taken away.
lost my 584 phone and is very moody now! 
I check my phone too much 
My phone is broken.  
I really need my phone backk.  I miss @kelseyyyyyyy
turning off my phone. 
Switchd back to my old phone and lost half my numbers 
@kelseybrongo lol I know -_- I really want her phone 
Why can't I tweet from my phone!? I can't figure it out!! 
someone just called me and hung up. and my stupid phone doesn't say who it was  my phone might have even hung itself up. i just don't know
My mobile phone is broken 
exhausted. i think my phone may be broken 
i need a phone that works 
@PhoebeGeorgina I have to buy mine. It sucks. I want a new phone. 
waiting for a phone call 
worky worky.. it sucks working without my phone 
Tired. I miss my phone 
phone got shut off. no more texting for me 
Without my phone, I tweet less. 
No longer have cell phone service. I can't tweet from my phone any more. They don't support Lebanese numbers. 
just found out i can't get twitter on my phone 
my phone is seriously dumbb. it wont turn on 
wishin i didnt break my phone 
Going back to work and watch training on TV.   I will take a nap on the government dime!!! Phone broke, so no texting 
my phone died  ugh
@amy0802 sorry for late response. Phone charging and getting used to new twitter program...vid wrkshp boring 
's battery is almost dead (in the phone). 
i have no phone 
I think I should just buy a lousy phone. 
still can't find my phone. ughhhh. i'm freakin out.  i want it back!!!
I'm not getting my new phone, 
I miss my old phone  I hope it can be fixed...
@pinkpenguintoes blah! I need my phone charged  I miss my internet
My phone won't charge! It Seriously is sooo messed Up! 
I got my phone taken away 
lost my phone 
my phone is still off  i need my charger
at home bored and phone broke so now i have a phone but i dont get it so much 
..and my phone is dead 
My phone battery is dieing 
I lost all my numbers when I got my new phone 
still talking on the phone, bored! 
@distortedretina i think i left my phone with you so i can't call 
I cannot make this phone call 
@mirhampt btw, i dont i have a phone! 
I want my phone back... 
I still don't feel better yet  omg this phone sucks.
first i loose my keys now i loose my phone 
I mis my phone 
phone is possessed right now!! 
@alymorg neither can I.  from my phone at least.
What a day;Phone isnt working tho. 
my phone died 
I hate when i have no service and i miss a very important phone call 
on the phone with @tunna61 then sleep 
@rustyrockets no phone  but thankfully when you listen to the universe you don't need a phone..
How do you tweet from phone 
my phone isnt letting me text again. 
So my phone battery is dying  it makes me sad
Signature of @brian09 wiped off from my phone. Sadddd 
My phone is almost dead 
@MzShyneka my phone was messing up I couldn't even make the call 
nooooooooooo dropped my phone and it broke have to get new one tmrow that sucks. 
@Zzachary17 my phone can't do stickam. 
My phone is brokeded. I wuvs my phone. 
i twittered thru my phone but it's not succesfully sent. why why why 
i keep losing my phone  &amp; i dont know my own number so i cant ring it haha boooo, im going to get ready
@santitai doesn't work on my phone 
@caiteshey I can't send them  what phone do u have
Up super early, and where is my phone? 
I forgot to set the alarm on my phone 
at&amp;t you suck!!  still cannot text from my phone 
Really wants his phone back 
I lost every phone number in my contacts 
waiting to see which app is messing up m phone 
got to let my phone charge .... 
No charger= no phone 
I'd look it up myself, but it's difficult from my phone. 
no more power on the phone 
just rememberd i got no phone!  suxz
my phone is not working... 
My phone has gone missing 
@jenniellingson you have my phone. 
Oh and I found out that my I580 cell phone won't tweet. 
wishing I had my phone back 
@rachmurrayX RACH my phone died 
if i stare at my phone hard enough maybe he will text me 
@EWenrick he turned his phone off 
does not like making sad phone calls.  
@AshleyAunette did you find the phone? 
I wish twitter worked on my phone 
@ClassicSydney  i dont have ur # anymore i lost my phone with all my #s in it 
Phone is almost dead 
so frustrated with my phone right now 
Hey @SoOunTM just paid for my phone bill and bought the phone  broke!!
@sheabutterball my phone is broken. 
is doing great except for not having a phone 
computer back... yay!!! phone still dead though 
my phone is busted 
my phone doesn't work  i'm really sad now
@bradiewebbstack bradie, if i txt now, can i still get a phone call? or will it be too late 
....95% sure my phone is toast. Shiiiit. 
@kingmichelle my phone died 
@BluWhskE I was going to phone you lol as a joke, and that's when i found out my phone is off 
lost my phone.  
Turning off the phone now 
@shaundiviney my phone died!  will you please call me back? 
phone's disconnected... 
why are u still calling even you know that I won't pick up the phone?? 
i need to get a new phone charger because mine won't charge at all anymore 
lost my phone 
lost my phone! 
how come my phone won't let me upgrade its software?  it says 2.2.1 is the latest 
going to bed. i give up with my phone. i just want internet 
http://twitpic.com/7m78t - i broke my phone 
#whackwednesday My phone died 
@GlItCh017 but i'm not getting them on my phone!!!! 
On the phone with the cable company 
lost my phone 
@chadwright Totally agree. I spent the whole wasted trying to get my phone to sync. 
@wourivice where have you been I lost my phone with your contact 
Wonders were is my phone inteview phone call 
My phone is not sending texts, I think it's broked 
missing my phone 
My phone won't update 
@FriedWontons4u the phone is not working, its not updating 
My phone isnt working 
3.0 downloaded &amp; installed. now what?! i still want the new phone 
@parksdesign it sure is crashing, but not the phone itself 
Charming. I have bricked my phone. 
the internet won't work on my phone 
@pinkypooh0469 text me plz.... i had to reset my phone 
phone is dead - unable to revive it. 
On the phone with geli. i miss herrrrrrr 
Is nervous about updating to 3.0 I don't want to mess my phone up! 
@ComeOnEILEEN87 i dont like it that much that your phone is turned off. 
my phone is locked. 
@ladebelle i don't  i got a new phone
@bencusick92 I was just nodding off and josh decided to finally reply to me :-/ stupid phone was loudly singing don't forget at me  haha x
My phone battery is empty 
my phone still doesn't work 
missed the phone call. 
@phunybuny done told me what?! We haven't even talked since before my phone got jacked. 
phone broken again 
@b3love I just jogged, and ate fidello, lol, I can't believe my phone doesn't have pic mail 
@epiphanygirl At least you have a phone I have no phone at all 
is stuck on stupid...i lost my phone.. 
finally updated my phone but it's not jailbbroken and more 
i can't get it to send messages to my phone 
 T-mobile...coming up with new phones to outdate my current phone right after I get it.
i can't decide on a phone 
was going to go out but my new phone's battery is dead already 
@maryhoudini i can't look at it, i'm on my phone 
@anarchyang31 but I just feel so much more comfortable with ssh and a terminal on my phone... I don't know what to do!!! 
need to do videos on my phone  really need the new i phone , #squarespace
aww my phone is dead.. 
Phone still not working 
@futuresocialite I'm so lost.  I want my old phone back.  
@EatMeEdGein did you change yr phone number, or are you just ignoring me? 
I miss my phone 
@ikaikatilton can you fix my phone? 
I'm so lost without my phone 
My phone is being ridiculous. 
charging my phone. it has no batteries 
My phone will soon pass over. 
Just got off the phone with @allyzjim.. Bittiiiiiin 
Just got off the phone with @allyzajim.. Bittiiiiiin 
argh! my phone is frozen 
I want a new phone 
Really wishes the phone would stop ringing. 
I cannot find my phone charger. I really need it. 
has no service on her phone all of the sudden 
Phone not working 
@ThisizGiz they not answerin the phone 
@unclekins hmmm tweeting is so buggy from my phone 
I really really want my phone already 
i hate not having a phone. 
don't call or text me. my phone is broken 
is attempting to work her new phone and isn't going too well! 
Is sad over not having Symbian s60 or above in his phone 
I'm getting my phone taken away  so if you need me call my housez! 215 725 5454
@pnegron1 i couldnt...it was my phone that i sent the alarm in  if i threw my phone then i wouldnt get his twitter updates *sigh*
no text updates for me  my phone is dead and my charger is at home. i feel lost without my phone. D:
Ugh phone I'll be back later. 
@Apm1229 I don't have a working phone 
#squarespace i need a new phone! 
Wanting a new phone 
i left my phone at home            i cant live without my phone..
@CientifiQ I wish I was there to fiddle with the phone. It's hard to help when I can't see what's what. 
i found my phone!  AHHHHHH. YAY.  landice called  i missed it.
@herneythegreat text me, I lost my phone and numbers 
@scoobybaby09 my phone's not slow. 
Ugh... My Phone is about 2 die 
lost my phone 
I keep  droping my phone 
at the phone store. i want internet on my phone! my phones crap 
My phone is dead 
got my phone taken away.  I miss him already.
@adrianm14 i dont have twitter on my phone  
out on my phone yet 
phone is dead 
Is actually gonney put her phone down and sleep  noo!!
@fuckimballs I think it's my phone, I tried to do V2.2 or whatever it was and it didn't work either. I think I've dropped it too much 
Where is jeneva? Haha, i really wish i owned a phone 
phone is about to die 
@RobbieRavzz i love how you dont pick up your phone 
love fishing just not 4 my phone 
 i wish you had your phone &lt;3 i can send you emails from my phone if you give me your address
@laxitupgirl no more cell phone for me.  &lt;3
@GeorgiaPrincez well damn!  *puts her phone down and goes away*
I hate that I am so dependent on my phone.  It's still not working and I don't know when it is getting fixed. I feel so lost without it.
My phone just deleted all my contacts!!! 
@amyishere  I loved that phone like it was my own.
i accidentally locked up my phone trying to upgrade to 3.0 
and i lost my phone. 
@ToBeat7 No  oldold phone still waiting for a new one
i want a new phone so i can tweet anytime,anywhere! 
@andyficky my phone isn't working babe, so I can't get emails right now  Just letting you know
my phone has been officially disabled. 
i want internet on my phone godamit 
@lluviav My phone just stopped allowing me to send texts. it keeps failing! 
I cant find my phone!!!!!! 
@SamGuevara lol my phone service is so bad I have to hold my phone in the air 
My phone is so bipolar! It'll work and then it won't. 
@Elrey11 i can't text you back I don't have my phone 
i just sneezed all over my phone 
is awake due to a phone call 
my phone doesn't work  it wont let me read my messages
I want a new phone. 
I only have your number programmed in my phone so I know when to ignore it 
@jamiandsean I only wish that our phone's bluetooth worked with it 
is tired  new phone when i get home 
I need to decide on a phone to buy 
smashed my phone up 
Phone already is half dead 
Is so mad i dont have my old phone now i cant tweet like i use too 
@8three No camera phone  If I had one, I would've posted.
They keep taking my phone !    .. hahahahahahahahaha!
I need a new phone. 
i hate not having a phone 
Arhhhhh.. Phone factory reset itself grrrrrr now having to restore it 
i want a new phone  but will have to wait
my phone is dunzo right now 
cellphone-less 
@leojeanette I can't hear it from my phone  email it to me!
My phone isn't working anymore, please I need a new phone  #trackle
no phone charger 
My phone is broken  I can't wait to get a new one.
Phone's not working 
my phone is breaking. 
My phone is dying... 
my phone is not cooperating with me 
phone is dead 
I'll have to wait to tweet because my phone battery ran out! Buuuuu 
my phone is fuuuucked. texting only, since the speaker doesn't work anymore 
Twitted doesn't work on my phone! 
Uggggh my pic is not showing ! And I can't change it on my phone 
My phone is so 5 minutes ago 
@KEEEZY my phone lost service because of it 
Trying to get my new phone activated! 
I miss my phone already. 
poor phone !!! i don't have my phone because it lost 
My phone was stolen yesterday. And now im sulking over it...  i heart that phone
My phone keep dying 
My power is still out and my phone is about to die 
No phone right now   If you need to get ahold of me you know where I live lol
... trying to figure out what phone i want, its really confusing!!    i'm so sleepyyy 
Turning off my phone its about to die 
@chelseabauer: my phone won't let me talk to people on the phone. i'm sorry if you called!  i didn't know and couldn't call you!
my phone is broken 
Whoever just tweeted, my phone rejected it 
my phone is all messed up 
@keynk owkay  if I dont take your phone, just message me ya ken2
@ChuckNerd I didn't either but I didn't drive so I cannot leave.  how are you enjoying the new phone?!
@LiZzyATL i cant see it im on my phone 
@crystalgaldamez I tried to go but I'm on my phone and it doesn't work on my phone 
Pwnagetool 3.0 eff'ed up my phone 
lost my phone   don't call.
@evanstewart putting all my contacts in my phone 
why does my phone have no service? 
I don't know how to reply to maria from my phone 
just got her phone taken away  WTF
-my phone is bout to die 
phone needs to be repaired maybe 
I shouldn't have answered the phone 
I lost my phone 
Another blackout?! Phone is only connection to people at this time. 
Waiting for that one phone call. 
@arythmaticflow My phone died! and i'm lost 
@iitzjacky sorry I missed your text. Phone was buried under some blankets 
My phone charger isnt working 
i want a new phone 
is being annoyed at this phone. 
why can't I work my new phone?!?!?!  
@hstuart3 we were playing euchre. Phone call ended our play a bit early   What do u like to play?
not faaairr....anais has twitter on her phone  lol
i misssss my phone 
 How sad my phone is dead and i don't have my charger... ugh
Phone isn't working can't text or make calls can only get calls  I need my phone
@cinephile66 damn, looks like you had fun. I fell asleep just after getting off the phone with you 
My phone is broken!! 
MY phone doesn't let me dm 
#squarespace don't you love me anymore?  don't you want to give me a phone?  
i need a new phone 
@scandalicous my phone comes with crapware. 
@taitaisparks What happened to your phone? 
my phone isn't working... without a phone as of now 
got my old phone honked up... boo! now its running out of battery 
i miss my phone 
I need a new phone. 
@amandaskaja I was testing to see if I'm just not noticing or if I'm really not getting notifications of @ on my phone. Not getting them. 
My phone is dying   @(?.?)@
lost my phone 
My Twitting frm Phone is slow. 
can't find my phone charger.. So I'm switching my service over to my old phone 
i need a phone 
My phone is dying already 
I need my phone back 
phone is dying 
i want a new phone 
@lemurtoes hey i didn't find your phone charger... 
Attention: My phone is about to die 
@fayeplumb i miss your phone too! lack of communication to you duude 
I hate my new phone 
I don't know how to work my new phone 
Phone seems to have died 
@antmaymay i can't on my phone  
So the phone will have to do         
watching television, i hate my phone 
phone isn't working 
@SarahWV i tried to take a pic with my phone but i'm hopeless 
i feel naked without my phone 
My phone is about to die 
not sure if my phone will make it. dont text me 
@AllenLulu I do.  Still no $$ to get new phone so I continue to carry outdated 2004 phone. 
@dheerajchand you stole my phone charger 
my phone charger is ripping  nuuuuu!
@ictcowgrrl lost my phone. 
I need a new phone charger 
still trying to figure out how to use my new phone 
my phone died 
don't think my phone is working 
i dont have a phone 
@stevenmcmillian.  my phone died after i sent that message.  
Yes he comes back today! Phone calls can only do so much 
staring at my phone and wondering why it's so mean to me. it hates me 
it sucks not having my phone 
I can't believe my phone died while I was trying to switch back to a more important phone call tonight.   's why I should charge it more.
@noveltyFLY nothin. . .oh i love it! but i cant update when im on the phone 
i miss my phone  .
I cant believe my phone was stolen 
I am sad and lost without a phone. 
http://twitpic.com/7qp2h - i ate my phone 
@bextasy - I've lost my charger &amp; my phone's dead so I can't call you back 
Phone down  No more twittering from it.
i may have lost my phone 
My phone is dying again. So if I stop answering that's why. 
@amanbhalla @lindsayisabelle my phone got stolen    so i have nooo phone number 
Just got off the phone with @GracieBean I feel sick from the cadburys yoghurt 
I almost strangled myself with my phone charger! 
@AlexWilliamson yes! This is ne, telling you I'm home safe. Phone threw a tanty and won't let me text. 
my phone is dying 
could really use a phone call right now 
 my phone is so silent
My phone won't charge. 
Wishing i had my phone back 
#squarespace, come on! I need a new phone!  LOL
@haleybesser i never heard from you  if you called. my phone is acting weird. i was waiting for you to come online 
I seriously wish I had my phone!!!!! 
my phone is dying 
@kkomaitis only by phone there is no elluminate? I just have earphone 
@Davinche I know  Them times there having a phone that could save more than 10 messages was big so how was I 2 know it wud evolve so quick
My phone is disconnected 
My phone just died 
Not feeling my phone vibrate. It's pretty much never going to do that again. 
@stuckonashelf Your phone never text me. I feel left out 
@SpoiledSSBBW i lost ur phone number 
lost my phone 
ugh my phone is hating me now 
 my phone died...
stupid phone company's!! they cut of my phone 
new phone ...new number 
just rang orange to upgrade my phone and they said i cant until january '10  bad timezzzzz i hate my phone
@katypayne  you need your phone
@clizzzaire HEY You need to text me because your number isn't in my contacts on my new phone 
i want a new cellphone.but to bad i can't get it. 
just learned how to use email on my phone...just got harder to justify a smartphone 
my phone just died 
my phone is D-E-A-D.. why won't you work?  taking a nappppp
@Abstheoreo then they turn off your phone 
I want a new phone! 
I've lost my phone and it's on silent. 
@yxxm I cant add you from my phone 
faillllll. i need a new phone 
My phone is dead 
Does anyone have an extra AT&amp;T Cell Phone??  Blackberry finally died and not eligible for an upgrade yet 
going to buy new phone my phone snapped in half 
@hustonharshaw Awww I take it your phone is sold out once again? 
phone is dying 
anyone who has my phone number, will you call it. i lost my phone 
had to reset the phone again. i hate me G1 ! 
had to reset the phone again. i hate my G1 ! 
so now no more twitter on my phone 
just broke my phone 
my phone went swimming too! No phone til tomorrow. 
well pooh. I spaced on a phone call. 
I hate waiting on phone calls... They never come if you have to wait. 
why is my phone not receiving texts 
just talked to hopey on the phone. i miss her. 
 can't get on the net on my phone
@wesprops I miss u guys. I miss my phone 
@stefiex: ahh i can't see it from my phone.  lol
@drearachelle get your phone back 
I hate when u really want to talk to some1 on the phone and they're not awake...makes me    booo!
i want twitter in my phone.. but how? 
Currently no phone 
laptop has twelve minutes left of life. Phone is almost dead too 
@RachelReinke but don't answer your phone 
@yelyahwilliams tmobile should spot you a charger, as much as you tweet on your phone it'll probably die quick 
and to repair my phone  hahaahh
@iamtaylorsmith haha i tweeted using my phone  i'm sorry i r a fob -_-
so I oficially don't like my phone  it turns off out of no where
Phone is dying down to 50000 
my phone can't recieve messages. so i can't rep 
@lanieblackstone nooooo! That is horrible! I hate when I get stuck on my phone 
Fucking phone!!! I'm lonely 
My mobile phone isn't working 
@JdotRose lol i dont kno how from my phone  and i dont have any on my computer
phone is still broken 
My phone is broken 
my phone got stolen 
@ceruleagos I woke up to phone going off. I looked, and I responded apparently... Then passed back out.  sorry 
Just woke up from the phone ringing 
@jademus unlaws??haha. How do u update via your phone. I've added the device but dunno what to do next 
@DJOcto haha.. i do not look like myself  weird distorted  camera i have on the phone
tweeting from phone is fun! 
Whoohoo! update from phone  .
@JnrCasper1986 LOL, and I got the phone to work now too  ...oh and its 52 now
Updating from my mobile phone 
On The Phone 
waiting for the phone to ring, so I can go to work. 
@fortheinsane I will tomorrow! my computer is off and I'm on my phone right now 
Talking to Luciane on the phone! 
still trying to figure out this new phone 
is on the phone. 
Counseling a business owner right now....on the Phone. 
I finally got twitterberry back on my phone 
We are not the same i am a martian. Phone home. 
i got a new phone!! yay. 
talkinggg to chadd on the phone 
i think i'm getting a new phone  yay
I r twittering from my phone 
new phone 
FINALLY home! currently restoring my phone 
talking on the phone 
@MissxMarisa haha, i just spoke to Z on the phone!! 
@CMFproductions imma need u to programm it to my phone for me 
about to go to church  i cant find my phone, this really sucks.
@shorayamuis i know at least i get twitter texts to my phone 
is talking to robert on the phone 
@i140 Aww... I need a phone call like that! 
@Felitherandom haha. I hope so. I need sleep! lol. But my phone will get his message if he updates us. 
@Nikkiko Congrats on your new phone! 
is on the phone 
@poojashetye until I break up with you via a 27 second phone call 
@peckhar shld says.. great phone 
@lalalalexi read it! lucky, why are you getting a new phone? 
@EileenRight What phone do you have -- an old rotary? 
i am talking on the phone!!!!!! to paul!!!    
on the phone  !
@nkotbworshiper me too... it goes to my phone so all night long sometimes my phone is blowing up... so nice to wake up to! 
Using my old phone!  gosh! I miss this phone! 
twitwoo! i can tweet from my phone 
has just bought another I-Phone woop woop lovin life  xx
@LiliCosic It's here but turned off &amp; have just switched to phone before going to sleep 
i love my new phone! 
@ntinaz anytime  we're always a phone call away!
late night phone calls 
My new phone is awesomeee 
@MetalVirgin can i skype you   no phone involved 
Is talking on the phone. 
just got off the phone with him 
I'i'm tweeting from the internet on my phone! 
on the phone with jonny 
loving the new phone..... 
so i got a new phone 
I now have 2gb of music on my phone.  
listening to bry on the phone 
on the phone to ash 
on the phone to sinaar 
talking to j'hanna on the phone.  
I finallllly have the internet on my phone  twitterberry is so cute !
@khanserai Coming right up  you have my phone number right?
@sgBEAT:alvin91 this message reply is coming from my phone. 
@HaylesF20 get you! i rarely use it... sometimes tweet from my phone  visiting anytime soon? x
I have skype on my phone  free phone calls. . . I think so 
I got hooked on my phone today. Now i have one superyawesomefantasticocooley phone 
on the phone? 
@todayshow i can't! i'd be lost without my phone 
twittering from my phone... 
Just testing mobile phone posting 
P.s I sent that to your phone not sure if it's working or not though so I tweeted it also lol 
on the phone with @KevinFierce 
@JyotiBella just texted ur phone  lol cannot get enough of you 
twittering from my new phone....i love it 
It's late, I'm on the phone, and I'm watchin TV...who knew? 
on the phone to becy 
on the phone 
I saw a phone that i really want 
@HScham I need a phone that doesnt ring, that would make me 
On the phone 
Talking on the phone.  
didn't even realize my phone was turned back on! yay 
Wants an Phone 
is on the phone 
got my xt phone 
On the phone 
talking to kori on the phone 
finally got a new phone 
love not having to charge my new phone constantly 
