Most common words for this cluster:
[('phone', 107), ('nokia', 106), ('hp', 100), ('sony', 83), ('mobile', 62), ('http', 60), ('verizon', 59), ('dell', 55), ('sprint', 54), ('quot', 53), ('today', 53), ('i', 51)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Nokia', 0.7183446884155273), (u'W###_Walkman_Phone', 0.7013429403305054), (u'Samsung_Galaxy_Tablet', 0.6946995258331299), (u'Apple\xe2', 0.690577507019043), (u'Sprint_Kyocera_Echo', 0.6901417374610901), (u'iPAQ_hx####', 0.6900441646575928), (u'Acer', 0.6899155378341675), (u'Samsung_Instinct_HD', 0.6897127032279968), (u'HP_iPAQ_h####', 0.6884907484054565), (u'HP', 0.686371386051178)]





waiting for my Cisco IP phone to load 
&quot;its not how you are alike. its how you are diferent&quot; I just cried in that montage flashback in HP5  makes me cry every time.
darn it !!!  I woke up with a great idea for a LIME article and I forgot what it was 
@casasteve VW forums are a nightmare for that. Enthusiasts on forums always results in politics and bitching! 
@FadyAnwar its sad cause that was the last GSM company owned by Egyptians, also Orascom was inforced to sell its share to FC 
@jonpaulkaiser I'm probably worse than you lol so sorry, these photos are seriously long overdue  last time I buy a Sony cam: rubbish!
@mauricedb I tried the Sitecom one to, but felt to toy-like 
been rather tempted by a Premier Projector on eBay...  But then thought that a fifth drumkit might be a bit excessive...  
lost in Proximus online site/maze, between 'e-Services' and 'MyProximus'. No way to send an email to support. And @proximus is a squatter 
@louizah just watched the repeat of Zain challenge...smart kids!! i feel so blonde  What day &amp; time does the show air in TZ, anyone?
@natalidelconte Didn't u tweet about Verizon FiOS problems before? Crap! I just signed up 
Why do my Sprint phones always encounter problems like this around the 6 - 7 month mark??? I'm locked into a 50 yr contract at this point 
@steephill  Some of this just seems like Voodoo  with different platforms).  It just popped up and ran fine after the Nike ad on mine
Sony Ericsson W715,  something seriously wrong with them. They decide when they want to send texts, most of the time they dont want to 
need to pick up the golf from the VW garage. failed its MOT 
the car has to saty with dr Toyota overnight..... 
@SecndCitySoiree you know, I'm tempted to make the switch. first @Dell 's customer service was great, but now i feel    http://bit.ly/AdSB
#cloudforce #visualforce more slides slating MS and BEA and IBM... Maybe cloudforce feels a little threatened, 
@georgeb3dr Stick with the Intel drives or the other ones given decent reviews on Anand or you will be sorry. I've seen so many bad SSDs 
can't wait for his FTTH NBN connection ... when all he can get upstream to @ttr2008 's is 8 kbps  
OK. Got to go 2 the gym now. Streamyx really hated us 2day...  
Is needing a new mobile phone, The LG KU990 Viewty caught my eye but I can't seem to find it anywhere in black 
My Sony Vaio showing a problem with its exhaust fan... Need to get serviced urgently... 
Recovering my PC from an epic hard disk crash.  According to the program, estimated time remaining is 1012 hours, 7 minutes Wowza... 
Wishing I couldve gone to a day  but I have to study for ATI and patho.
The Kasabian single that is played on the Sony Bravia Zoetrope ad is not available until June. Probably not the best way to sell music. 
wish someone would buy me an Alienware M17x 
My poor blog site is so cursed! Cant save any videos, and since I got an HP printer, my Lexmark photo software doesnt know me anymore 
Justgot to the NEC the queue is huge 
@EssinEm Did that once, but mine was HP Sauce   What a mess.
@freddurst i think you have to buy a new photo machine fred, more faster, try PANASONIC   Lumix DMC-TZ7, thanks for anwser my topics. 
EVERYTHING on my laptop got deleted  Toshiba, I hate you.
I need money, I really want that Nokia 5800 
@L_Hutch a rubbish old man pub. and was fosters  x 23
Here on the home front, my net is as slow as pouring molasses at the north pole in a white out blizzard!! And it's cable DSL! 
Why do Nokia's die so quickly  Thinking I might just need a new phone
So, no Verizon DSL at home for whatever reason. Just that stupid flashing light on the modem. 
Cure hot pixels on Canon cameras? http://tinyurl.com/d6xnns Doesn't work on my 1000d 
@EyeFiCard Help! Eye-Fi doesn't work on my Lumix DMC-FZ18 but does work on the Lumix DMC-LX3 
The Comcast guy is having some trouble installing th new line from the basement to the computer upstairs... 
ok I cant get  a bold or the new curve on verizon  --Verizon needs new options cus the storm suck!-- ( but I may get it)
bought a Hyundai again.  
wants her stupid Samsung Instinct's camera to work. 
Waiting for the red LG Lotus to come in stock it's on back order 
@bergenlarsen The actress that played the Oracle being replaced by an inferior in a crap coverup. I bonded with her. I wanted her cookies 
also cancelled my Nikon 50mm lens order  needed to buy some struts and tires for my car...
@mwtsnx I saw the new HP trailer, looks amazing. I'm going to london this summer but I can't afford to stay an extra week to see it there 
I like the Nokia Messaging app, but the support from Nokia is slow 
OMG... my Acer Aspire 5920G Baterai Charger is not functioning... hiks 
@tariquesani Nokia BT headsets work like that. I always use Pooja's phone charger for it too. Baah! I lost my BT headset last week. 
Mist... Suche meinen MasterCard SecureCode 
My E71 developed a mind of its own. Would re-start for no reason. Its now with Nokia Care and I have been asked to wait for 10-15 days. 
i really want that Canon EOS 350D.. 
listening to LIME in a traffic jam... I guess I have to be happy if a day passes by without a traffic jam 
Oh, my Senseo machine is called back by the manufacturer due to security issues. OutOfCoffeeException  Philips, please repair it quickly!
just had her first full meal in the IBM canteen and didn't like it..  http://plurk.com/p/p5mbi
I wish AMD would move to LGA rather than using pins, it's harder to kill a mobo than bend cpu pins 
Just received Lexmark X7675  after opening the package turns out they sent me it with British power cord. 
Years ago, we are SUN and Oracle's customers, now we have only one supplier, that is Oracle. 
I need to buy a roll black and white negative Ilford HP5 and some sheets 16x20&quot;...but here it is so expensive 
@NaijaPulse besides, Sun and Microsystems ar two different words. imagine Oracle making a huge purchase today and not trending on twitter 
says now that we're friends with Globe Broadband, Globe Mobile is fucking up.  (cry) (tears) http://plurk.com/p/p6ibk
Really need help with my graphics card. Can someone help? Intel(R) 82945G Express Chipset Family black screens. Tried updating, no go. 
@gudgeon Quiet, but BT engineer on the way  Thanks for asking!  Yours?
Oracle buys Sun Microsystems in $7.4bn deal   http://tinyurl.com/cgawad
@PKGough also gaga goes ga-ga for HER tea cup http://is.gd/tC0H 'her obsession with crockery...' yup. unstable 
At the IBM Edinburgh office, thinking about coffee. Glad that Ethernet now works on MBP as it's really the only option here 
Nokia messaging on the eye offers some nice features but it's still a mess 
Nokia Messaging on the e75 has some nice features, but it's still a mess in my opinion 
@irascian I like my HP ( rather dull NC8430 ) but it's definitely HP 1, Lenovo 0 at the moment as my Lenovo is largely a brick 
@acorn http://is.gd/tC6a Cyber spies hack into the joint fighter development program 
@priscillatan Yahoo Mobile doesn't work on 320x320 WinMo Phones... the Samsung i780 
Neotel seem to be having a #fail day... 
getting very low speed on BSNL Broadband today 
@TeeRibbzz don't i know it. but nah I didn't get suckered into the iphone i got this Samsung tocco ultra S8300 =/ everythings touchscreen 
Today's job is counting Oracle licences 
Currently trying to decide on DSLR for america: sony alpha200/Canon 1000D.Currently Sony edging ahead by sensible layout but no live view 
One regression from 8.10 is with the Intel graphics drivers. I can't use compiz anymore  But i'm sure that's intel's fault.
@benbtu is it true?? Is XO really over?!! 
im a busy bee today...waiting to do this phone interview for another bv story and off to Revlon at 330 am  @leighdav still pullin all- ...
the Vodafone zoozoos are real ppl..   http://tinyurl.com/cunsga          this ipl season its difficult to separate real from fake 
@ahmedij oh!  so you cannot avail the services of best ( and pioneer) DSL service of Pakistan, because it is only available in Rwp/Isbd 
my phone isnt working  gotta go to T-Mobile in the morning...
Just got back from Acer service center. They said it could be anything, powerboard, motherboard, LCD, hard drive. Get well Bruce. 
Passing time with free Airtel Wi-fi @ new terminal 1D, by the way my lappy's battery is running out fast and no switch to charge   
NoOo.. looks like HTC Magic will be exclusive to Telstra.. Wallet rape 
Desperately needing a new lens for my Canon DSLR. 
Damn Airtel GPRS  this effing service doesn't allow me to open chip forums from a week 
List of websites I cannot reach because of poor internet connection is growing fast; tx Belgacom 
@stephentotilo and whilst Sony would repair your console they unfortunately refused to do anything for him 
@BergenLarsen what the heck is up with MTN lately 
What really grinds my gears: Canon not including the intervalometer feature in the Powershot SX10! Really Canon!? WHY!!  Can't wait 4 CHDK
@CopTheTruth I've been told!! LOL see...I'm so boring I don't even keep up with HP!!! *sigh* 
hey twitter-verse. missed me? i have internet but no wireless 
Creating Oracle sql scripts is killing me 
@cadburysunshine .. hmm ..a Canon EOS 1000D .. pretty cool eh? hahah .. but i'm still faaaaar from affording it 
Dammit Amazon! What do you mean the red Canon PowerShot SX200IS is not in stock yet??? I hate waiting for toys...1st Palm Pre, now Canon 
has been having problems with his Starhub Digital Home Service... 
mourning the possible death of my beloved HP PSC1210 all-in-one printer and scanner. It is a sad day 
Verizon blackberry sucks major balls!! I just wanna c if this goes thru...but bb storm really does suck. 
@djmc Hah, I've been such a happy Ihug/Voda customer I've not paid much attention. Telecom delayed install at this house by 6 months 
Too bad di film order of phoenix, gak dikasih adegan HP kissing Hermionie.  But @ half blood prince, Ada scene HP kissing Ginny, yay! XD
@chris_bc using http://www.bookdepository.co.uk I think the price will be more than Amazon after converting from USD -&gt; AUD 
@zenatplay The exchange rates probably worse for you. I stupidly forgot to cancel VOIP 18 months ago so theres $160 down the drain 
Sending Laptop to HP Service...  My gal, please get well soon.
@anilramesh Uploading now on BSNL. 
@lancearmstrong love the trainers you've done with Nike. tried to get some yesterday but there were none left in my size 
Broadcom is trying to buy Emulex. Emulex makes really good Cards. If Emulex starts to make cards like Broadcom, the quality will drop. 
@rockdrool - ah, yes, and my little temptress speaks up.  Of course the iphone is yummy, oooo very yummy.  But I have Verizon.  
Just lost a subscriber  lol, but 81 until 2,000!
@mack005 Using an N73... HTC Touch Diamond is the target. But hard to raise the money 
I can't believe I have to send my shoes back to Nike because of a tear in the swoosh... It took so long for it to get here the first time 
Telstra Fax line dead AGAIN - odd, its the same as the ADSL line which is fine. No dial tone. rings out if u ring in. 4th time in 6 mths 
I got me a pretty new toy its called an LG Neon. I am kinda in a shitty mood though. 
My HTC Touch PDA just died!! I am really sad today... I feel like crying..!  
 My Wireless is being silly      &gt;&lt;         Grrrh !                                                -----
I'v been repairing my washing machine (Whirlpool AWT 5108/3) almost 4 weeks  It's driving me crazy!!!
@WorldMate one problem though. There is no tech support for non-gold members. Which means the outlook crashing might not get fixed 
@yberryfurrealz Did the quiz http://tinyurl.com/c67b3g - I have a high stress level   Perhaps I should drink more Pfizer...
@orangetim I want WLAN. 
feeling guilty 4 not going 2 class; needs his brakes fixed, waiting on UPS, tired 
@webword Ouch, yeah, it must be  Our laser printers are HP and Epson, so we had no problem with drivers.
waiting for dinner, dealing with Comcast 
Our current Canon pocket camera doesn't take SDHC. So the Eye-Fi sits unused! 
@mikeyway Nike make their shoes with slave labour 
Virgin Megastores are closing.. this is quite tragic 
My new Olympus is dead as I didnt charge the battery. Beautiful sunset &amp; only camera phone. 
Boo. Lenovo IdeaPads are touchpad only. No mouse nipple 
And the crapy Lenovo stopped working now 
l lost my VW car key...it really sucks 
@eyesoredesigns congrats!! I want one so badly but have Verizon..boo 
wants Polaroid film to be back!! 
Just finished HP5 for like the hundreth time n it still makes me tear up I mean why does Sirius have to die...it's so sad 
@Epyon08 yep 
If you've found a Sony Ericsson C905 in Colchester, it's probably mine. 
@meljean ah. I need to catch up on HPs/harlequins in general...  I'm going through withdrawal
@Orcon does this mean ill have no internet tonighhhhht? 
@pontemonti Failed to install? That stinks  I haven't had any issues with their drivers on my desktop, but you probably need Acer's, huh?
@sugree will ask @jingjun to provide one. BUT ADSL not working today due to yesterday lightning.  find solution.
Broken phone makes me a sad panda.  Sprint wants way too much for a new Centro.
@flokun not like Tomtom;garmin,it's for hiking in the woods or using roads for bikes;you cannot use the usual navigation system for that 
@DeCario_Mattel -- i wish i could've met up with y'all! 
Driveway opened up, again. Belgacom lost a cable they found only 2 weeks ago 
Not happy Comcast is making me use an infernal box to watch TV now. I miss the simplicity of analog 
stupid Comcast...grr...net is out 
im in more trouble today than i was yesterday...   seems to be a guaranteed KT tomorrow 
@mz_cherish27 Samsung Behold. I hate touch screen phones now 
So the IBM VPN gateway is back up and now I am getting emails again 
@suryasnair I never got any Ovi stickers when I worked for Nokia 
hmm... PCL proved too flaky  I had to go back to using Wifi for my desktop connection
hmm... PCL proved too flaky  I had to go back to using Wifi for my desktop connection
restoring my iPhone to the latest software. Which means that it won't work in Qatar so back to my Nokia 
@xoMusicLoverxo Mobile twitter does suck. I hate it.  But it'll have to do for the moment...
Sony reports 1 billion, that's with a B! in annual loss... bleak man, bleak 
BT to shed a further 15,000 jobs  
funny that since F2S merged with Tiscali, our always-wonderful connection speed has dropped considerably 
CeBit - Apple, Microsoft, Canon, Fujitsu, Ingram Micro, Synnex weren't there  Altech had the best stand with high tech gear on showcase.
i'm buy an LG 32LG53 this weekend. sorry guys, i'm not strong enough 
I want an LG cookie or an iPhone 
@sixstringsnc I don't have a very high opinion of Verizon (which I have) b/c I have to go stand outside at my house to talk on my cell!  
@vriyait those BT folk will really feel it they live in a bubble .. 
is having a Haterday, sorry TomTom 
T-Mobile have told me that they THINK they will have the LG Arenas back in tomorrow 
Everything I'm reading about the new Novatell mobile 3G platform sounds fantastic. Unfortunatley, Verizon got their hands on it 
Fucksticks. Just handed in my essay for the deadline, so it's 4 I'm about to drive to BT and @angeloys finishes at 5. Long wait outside 
Figures: this weekend's weather is gorgeous  and I go and get sick. Oh, and the DSL connection dies too. Embarq says 24-48 hrs to fix. 
Watching Harry Potter: Goblet of Fire. Is that the KKK at the Quiditch WC? KKK don't like HP, the church hates HP. HP just isn't loved... 
Toyota commercial - &quot;What are you waiting for? You may never have this kind of buying power again!&quot; - toyota knows what's coming 
My beloved Toshiba Sattelite has died on me 
@infinitereality I got that one, sorry, I hadn't checked! I didn't get a photo though - my $49 Nokia has no mms 
Today I tried to find the new Android phone: Lenovo Ophone, but could not. 
Clearwire stinks. 
Scored Yamaha PSS-780 on Ebay, cant get sysex editor to work on vista though 
Wrestling with a Linksys and D-Link router to get them to talk to an Apple Airport Express. It seems that Linksys and D-Link are winning. 
Coverage of Moto gp doesn't look good as channel down 
RIP Acer Aspire 2010, you've been great to me for 4 years of my undergrad! Everyone say bye to lappie! 
@getfamiliarx If you don't fit in it, then I won't either!  And NSN, OHMYGOD. =P~
Embarq DSL has been down since last nite. This is me not happy. 
@urubatan looks like the only non-Windows package that does speech recognition is the IBM one (which does not support linux anymore!) 
Scratched my DSLR lens.  Managed to order a replacement for 80 quid, and now have added a filter to protect it, but an expensive day.
No cell phone....  I hate you HTC!!
just lost out on a Cisco 7940 on ebay .... sad 
favoriterun.com can't take a multisport upload from Garmin 305 
my Dell Studio 15's fan is going nuts again... wish I had never bought this piece of c***p  
@arnoldbala yeah even I find the latest 'Virgin Mobile' ad disgusting. 
@MarronMarvel I hear you, I suffer that same shitty condition. Motion sickness is like the worst sickness to have for a gamer. Shitsux. 
?? ??????? ???????????? Atheros Communications Inc. AR242x 802.11abg Wireless PCI Express Adapter (rev 01) ??? ubuntu  30 % ??????
I think I killed my IPOD Touch, I threw my credit card down on my desk, then laid IPT on it, went to use it and it is dead, won't turn on 
@cbarrett I feel your pain. I'm surrounded on all sides by it, but my city's council is not playing ball with Verizon's franchise request 
is so tired, she's starting to hallucinate just a little... I would laugh, but there Sony nothing ginny about being this tired! 
LiMo launches open source community... But, is this link site? I seems there is no unknown information  http://is.gd/AV9M
In the #UK #iPhone + SDK TCO ~ 425GBP (~645USD). Cheapest #Android device TCO ~ 440 GBP (~670USD)   (TCO = Total Cost of Ownership)
Facing new design documents. I want to start with the developments instead of writing documents  #SAP
@endlessblush It's a Panasonic Lumix. J dropped it, bent around the lens. If the lens need recalibrating it'll be expensive... 6 mths old 
@tiffanymarie_x3 pity that one only works on Android phones  But I got a Xperia X1 from Sony with WM 
@priscillatan Yahoo Go still doesn't work on the 320x320 winmo 6 Samsung i780 -- @yellowdaisygirl has one.. 
being a Canon 30D-hunter really wears her out 
Blackberry is still the Boss when it comes to Corporate Users. My Nokia e71 is struggling 
EU slams Intel with record $1.45b anti-trust fine. They screwed my AMD   Bastards!!!  http://blogs.zdnet.com/hardware/?p=4345
Aargh! After agonizing whether or not to switch to Canon, my new Kodak has a flaw on the lens! This is what I get for brand loyalty... 
 going to master classes without my car... I miss you my VW!!!
is now afraid that the DSL modem is gonna give way anytime soon. Hopefully not 
The crazy Ex keeps texting.  And the situation with BT is weird.  He bought my dinner and was physically playful, but there was tension.
@mcdoofus Awwww...hope you saw my spam, but it looks like you'll need to call Comcast. 
iSCSI array has faulted so badly the management software is telling me I have to call Dell for help. There goes the rest of the night 
@RedHouseMedia I just had that experience with Comcast internet... 
@codem We had the same problem at SES - no WiFi 
@BTCare you could try,where do I start? Router keeps going to factory settings and DSL is managing 1.5mbit/s max on a 2km line length 
Bah, still no internets. BT have done their job, but @bebroadband  have ballsed up. 
what should Wolfram return when i type in SAP + Microsoft, definitely something more than Share comparison 
Okay.  Decision time.  Canon XT for $300 (no macro lens) or Canon XTi with Macro lens for $450? Need to decide today 
rawr. I go to jamba juice, they're closed because of a power outage so I go to starbucks. when I come out, Jamba is open! 
What the fuck with Proximus !!! 
@ilikecupcakes that?sucks balls. I'm sorry. A Toyota clipped my back wheel when I was changing lanes on the 105 and he sped up to stop me 
I got my new Sony Ericsson W715 Silver not black  This weekend: read manual, transfer stuff from old cell - oh how I miss Siemens phones!
Still up Tweeter was handlin sum business...now nite nite...hopefully i could wake up earlier still  haha
Attempting system restore on the comouter. If that fails, I'll have to get the BT support techs in. 
it would appear that my Sony D12-11 speakers are on the blink the right channel keeps cutting out i think its a split in the cable. 
@knightwise in Australia it's that or the Iliad for - get this - one grand Australian. Sony doesn't want to release here 
internet connection back to 64kb/sec cos somehow have used up this month's 10Gb on Telstra Bigpond wireless  -get back normal speed on Mon
Control your DSLR from an iPhone http://tinyurl.com/or968e sadly Canon only at the moment 
@lachysykes awww! make sure to keep warm! getting sick is awful  XO
My projector has died   Panasonic service centre here I come...
Maita: Flipped thru my HP6 book all day. Couldn't help but tear up towards the end  sigh...
Telkom rocks  .It took me 10sec to tell them to remove 4 user accounts. I have now been holding on for close to 20 minutes.
@J0sephus Could only do that if I was on net! I have to suffer 1.5Mb/s max BT ADSL due to living on the end of fair Worcester City. 
I need new body for Logitech MX1000 mouse 
@ammbermae your internet disconnected you  im going to bed soon otherwise i wont get up in the morning XO
@baldy_za yea, it does look awesome! Pity I have a Nikon 
@twitvid Too bad it doesn't work with Sprint mobile video.  
@TraceyJohn I called Dell last night with exact opposite experience. The guy was awesome-- even though my laptop needs replacing 
The uberlord of Sony-Ericsson @harolddekort is following me  No more SE bashing from now on...
Mobile phones sucks 
Sorry I ever supported HP  . HP has turned into Gateway and emachine. (crappy).
Having fun with a new #Watchguard #Firebox today....(he says with a smirk)....  
Fighting Dell....turns out they won't warranty Microsoft Vista....my computer is a week old and already a P.O.S.    
Verdict: n/a .. it won't start, and is headed off to the Dell depot to get the motherboard replaced 
Packing sucksss... Last real day at XO... 
Introducing the Nokia N900 Not and Internet Tablet: http://deliverator.silverfir.net/?p=784 
@naynayamy work is no excuse..w/o my blkbry 2day  lets just say ther was a small incident at Verizon this morning,haha..should have 1 2mrw
I'm happy I got my late evening java jolt so I can stay focused on getting some things done tonight! Last day at Agito tomorrow too 
Primus, why does my hip hurt 
@robertnyman yes, and I moved away from HP because of that; driver/software often buggy and failing at PC startup too 
heard &quot;le eme&quot; put outta greenlight on HP, due to a member killing a pregnant Avenues chica.thats fucked up anyway u look at it. 
I'm bummed that I can't wear my sweet Nike kicks to work. 
says I'm still dreaming about that Nikon D60..erRr!  *ate, kuya **PLEASE** lang* huhuh http://plurk.com/p/wxrx5
http://is.gd/IQ03 Microsoft has released Zune also in Europe, no HD for us 
@chunghow3 prolly E71... I can't think of anything else and I'm unfortunately not a Singtel customer 
Pretty sure my laptop just died 100%. HP DV2000, wireless problems constantly, tons of heat, won't start at all now. Fried circuit? 
Why can't I buy the Nokia N97?!? Amazon says &quot;cannot ship to this address.&quot; 
I wish I could go to #BEA this weekend. 
@vladalexa I have a Palm now. I would like an HTC HD, but it costs 3 times more than my phone 
gutted!!! vodafone wont repair my faulty Samsung Omnia due to non existent water damage  grrrrr
wow, EMC's new site is - different 
The NVIDIA ION-based Lenovo IdeaPad S12 (  http://is.gd/J6Zy ) is awesome.  Fn key to left of Ctrl makes it non-starter for me though 
Is UPS like the cable company and doesn't show up til the last possible moment? I'd like to take a nap before school gets out 
ughh on the phone with HP! 
I got the dispatch e-mail about my books an hour ago, and UPS' status is already 'Exception'. 
fingers crossed that my neighbor can sign for my UPS package today, otherwise it may be bye-bye pretty skirts 
getting my new cellphone on wednesday! the LG Voyager! its soo sweet! i can't wait that long though 
Everyone's talking about the goodies at #BEA09.  I wanna be there.  
@omgamandanicole i dedicated that song to my VW when i sold it 
@XO_SUFI_XO yeah and when you are not working at paying jobs(volunteer/intern) the $ tends to disappear rather quickly...gotta slow down 
can't find her favorite Nike shorts 
I need to play inFamous... Where's a free Blockbuster rental coupon when you need one? I miss that Coke Reward 
I wanna be at BEA as well!!!!   #BEA09
@MissLaura317 oh man! They better do something to fix that!! ugh stupid Verizon 
Why can't my HP use Dell Dock? 
went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at 
I'm trying to find the driver for my Microsoft Lifecam VX-3000 Webcam and can't find it anywhere! anyone have any links? 
i soooo want to get a Nikon D 90  damn y do they cost soooo much!
stupid wireless!! 
Sigh only 1 problem though i need to call Stooopid LIME aka Cable and Wireless and have them reconnect my interent 2 day without net  sads
Group ride this morning was more like group warm-up then leave me behind  Garmin elevation data looks crazy... just up, down, up, down!
Ugh. Sprint needs to offer better phones. I need a new one: This one is crashing on nearly EVERYTHING. It's unusable.  
Jamba juice isn't as good as everyone says it is. 
Kodak ate my one flip flop strap  they were my broken in black pair too.
@buckhollywood I can't!! you have to tell Sony to make it available in all countries!! 
hiptop is stuffing up 
@wilshipley amen! And if your wieless connection sucks like mine does it's even worse! I miss Verizon FIOS 
Looks like Dell already discontinued the Mini 9, as it is no longer on Dell.com.  Frown. 
Yes will have to do the same... Though I have backup of my phonebook on my Sony Data Card but I am buying a Nokia so the card wont fit in 
@d33pak Yes will have to do the same. Though I have bkup of my phonebook on my Sony Data Card bt I m byng a Nokia so the card wont fit in 
the Fuze low carb drinks are DISGUSTING. 
BT &amp; Demon ISP - ADSL2+ FAIL  Given a mandatory 'free upgrade' to ADSL2+ yesterday, my LinkSys ADSL2+ router hasn't worked since, livid 
confused between Ford Fiesta and Ford Fusion  anyone with any ideas?
@simalves All 20? i'm ATT #22. i don't feel very loved! 
@JF_Kennedy  I don't have my phone omg. I'm waiting for Verizon to send me a new one. &amp; now i have to go watch it now. 3rd time this week!
@exploranter Aw really? My desktop is a HP Pavilion. 3 1/2 years old and its only just stopped working 
Nabin says the download speed from UTL CDMA is 50kbps today! And I am using college LAN at 0.3kbps ! Digital Divide... 
twitter and MTC GPRS aint friends 
My zeal for using entirely free software for Anon has hit a snag - Ubuntu 9.04 has decided to stop recognising my Samsung NC10's wireless 
Walking around the lake. This used to be a volcano, but now it is all peace and quiet... And green! But no WiFi   Pics: www.NetPierre.nl
Ugh, I was having an awesome dream, then Comcast called to confirm setup this morning. And now I can't remember the dream, and I'm awake. 
I want T-Mobile Sidekick LX badly.... 
I want a T-Mobile Sidekick LX badly.... 
OK Broadband sorted - going to be without internet access for a week! How will I cope? 
Wish I was at #BEA09 
server move done, stupid ISP has issues everytime we reset our main Router, was out for 7 hours instead of 2 today  all back now though!
@philwalters Does look good, but I'm gonna have to wait as I have a Nikon. 
Tweeter keeps telling me I have over tweeted  x x
Grrrr....wanted to try and sell this Vodafone SIM card but my Dad went and broke the seal for some reason. 
@zszafran I wish I had anything gigabit  All I have left is a 2948 and two 831 and my handy 5-port Netgear 10/100 switch
Dell to Discontinue the Mini 9! Noooo!  I kinda wanna pick one up now just to have it before its gone @gizmodo http://digg.com/u14Qao?t
@XO_SUFI_XO Why 
@hearty84 i agree  .. but still i'm sure Sony will give a great conference..
just turned off my Canon and she says &quot;Recording.. Remaining images: 6..&quot;  but nothing happens.. 
So i have up the Ford Edge  riding out in the Charger now :-p
So i gave up the Ford Edge  riding out in the Charger now :-p
@onyxbox what a shame it didn't look like those fake renders. A common thing to say about Sony's stuff 
was spozed to squeeze in a quick 10 min set 2night @ Nokia. Stuck @ work. 
@XO_SUFI_XO yeah lol im getting a new room so i have this dumb portable closet thing and its a pain to build and shes maqking me 
washing my Blockbuster Media t-shirt and getting ready to throw myself into the dungeon for the night 
loves that he can get 8 gps satellites on his phone and a 19 ft location fix on his phone but spotty EDGE data. 
I want out of my Verizon contract now. 
wonna sleep  but dont wonna turn laptop off- which i need a new one! thinking of getting Toshiba again??
My tweets are taking there time going thur text via Sprint again. I know of atleast 2 text tweets that have not gone thur yet 
@ijustine drool Nikon drool d700 drool that would be 6x better than the D90 lol  wish I got an invite.
Dell tech support sucks 
third attempt at social-network-request for help: any IBMers on right now?? AT&amp;T dialer oversight in laptop transition. 
@DLP06 once again.... 
I want a Dell Mini 9 so bad - 'cept I have little reason to get one 
my Intel Wireless 2200BG adapter is not compatible with aircrack-ng 
somebody used my new Acer Aspire laptop &amp; scrobbled some backtrax. Too bad, I'm in my workplace  http://bit.ly/lgL4i
@IamDonJuan I think ima just go head and turn off my TV my feelings r hurt...&amp; Nike needs a new puppet 
@iamvictorious Yes, I've attended BEA five times.  Couldn't go last year because I was 8 months pregnant, and also missed this time. 
@beckcl78  I can't find it.    I checked TTC, ESPN360, WTA, RG.com and YouTube.  And now I am starting to get cranky..... Azakranky
The LG Steam washer - looks outstanding, probably is outstanding but ISNT Closed captioned in advertisement. 
So upset AT&amp;T just came out with a new Nokia Smartphone. I KNEW I should have waited, I like my phone, but I am a Nokia user by heart! 
@bharrisn31 -- I dunno that Adidas has that kinda marketing ability...  Its a sad day...
@KurtisMorrison I'll survive, but it certainly is an unfortunate matter. I was going to watch a HP marathon, then see it. And dress up. 
RIM has no love for mac users 
If I used Verizon I could watch live tennis on espn360, but they block comcast  FiOS folks, how well does it work?  http://bit.ly/13As5x
figured out the cause of my bad prints - I got a bad cartridge (Canon Selphy ES cartridge). Boo Canon 
Trying to call my friend...but the BT woman says &quot;all lines are busy&quot;...oh I just hate this sentence of hers 
owes someone a phone call... blame it on the Sprint! 
@SIM00N awh dear about neighbours 
@Applecored nope I've got a really rubbish LG viewty, I'd get an iphone but it won't work on three 
my Optus Pre-Paid SIM has no data service 
@teddygnz Just to let you know...sending big hugs LG 
I am sending an email ans it's taking me too long to finally send it..the DSL in this shop is quite slow slow slow..  
Orcon connection at home all screwed. 10 reconneations today. 88 last sat 
#DSLRRemote #iphoneapp unfortunately no #Nikon version yet  http://bit.ly/flILQ
Optus Wireless is slow tonight. Not very fast 
@rjakesdub I really hope, me, the wall and the Philips flat screen TV will survive this adventure! Yes, I'm a real handy man! wuhahaha... 
could not attend the HP meet in delhi today because of unexpected work. 
@SheilaRuth what exactly is BEA? I've been watching the BEA mentions vacantly since they've started 
Just found the Dell Mini 12 with the Muse in Orange colour on Dell Outlet!  It's such a bargain... I hate being poor! 
Just lost a subscriber, I'm never going to reach 100 now. 
Need to send my Kodak Zi6 Camera to Kodak for repairs or a replacement. Darn thing just hasn't worked correctly from day one. 
Mobile screen gone!!!!!! lost all my fone contacts 
@janicu How did we miss each other you at BEA? 
@twibble Trying 2 download new mobile version for LG Lotus - keep getting '909 Application Authentication Failure' - uninstalled old ver. 
It's really unbelievably difficult for me to draw without my Wacom tablet. 
O WTF!!! stupid ass T-Mobile!! they erased my messages  i had sum funny ass ones i was gonna use on this track...bastards.
finding Sony X1 rom's too unstable and slow. XDA looks tempting but no dutch support 
tsk.. My DSL service (PLDT myDSL) went down since saturday..  it nice to have internetz again 
Thinks it sucks that you cant put your own ringtones on LG phones.  rip off!
Garmin Nuvi 350 keeps prompting me to buy the map updates. Keep saying no. It's response? Much longer time finding my position. 
Mobile isn't working grrrr I thought it was my mum's that was the culprit! text broken up and calls cut out 
I'm so disappointed by this hot chocolate, it's the Cadbury Luxury one and it's a load of posh chocolate flakes but it's rubbish 
We just lost power... and it looks like my UPS can't handle the PC after adding that last hard drive. 
Trying to find a reliable seller of a USB cable for my Hitachi camcorder. Hitachi don't make official ones 
5 more day for my brand new toy the Palm Pre in my hands!! I cannot wait!!!! and 1 more day for my wifes Nextel BB Curve 
Mobile phones allow those not physically present to interrupt conversations with those who have bothered to be physically present. 
@kaptainkaboom I take it that RadioShack interview didn't pan out? 
I got gipped by my Nike+ today. I ran 3.5k. It logged me for 1k.  I wish there was a way to correct it. #apple #fail
@DJKILLATOUCH awwww where's my invite KT?? 
Innotek spray collar not working, but still hesitant to get a shock collar 
@ZJayMan I'll able to watch Microsoft and Sony with no problems, only Nintnedo is a bad time for me and its the one I care most about 
502 Bad Gateway 
I have RCN, and yet Comcast has still found a way to disrupt my life 
The battery in my Toshiba A215-S4697 notebook clearly doesn't hold the same charge it used to. Replacements are ~$75   #fb
@kateyrich @MarlowNYC I can't believe Sony didn't invite me to this... 
@MsJBell  *hug* damn DSL and it's fuckery!
The Tesla coil in action made the boy start to scream &amp; cry  &amp; we had to leave. http://yfrog.com/591bjj
Wow, the OVI Store sisx file that @MickyFin linked to works - Nokia Users http://bit.ly/110dUB Nokia Font Magnifier still don't   Why!!?
Hey Comcast, I don't enjoy losing the Net and restarting the modem 3 times a week.  You used to be reliable 
Waaaaah ... my new Canon G10 is sitting down at the office and she-who-must-be-obeyed won't let go down and get it - gotta wait till 5pm 
@Dojie nah changing over interwebby providers, and BT are being wankers atm bn waiting 2weeks for it 
Having no more download limit is killing me, i want my ADSL2 back 
@rmaclean lol - yeah... but then Vodacom shops still don't know anything about the HTC Magic, so MTN is the only way to get Android now. 
says i still want the Sidekick LX '09..  http://plurk.com/p/xm803
Charger's still brokeded 
back home and off to work.  BOOOOO!!! Sans BlackBerry.  *sigh. Replacing my license today, and calling to convince Telus for a new phone
Anyone know a good free hotmail client for Nokia phones? I use Flurry now but they stopping service on Fri. 
My good old Lexmark MFC-210C is broke 
still waiting for the UPS guy  damn it i want my 360
My good old Lexmark MFC-210C is broken 
@JustineLavaworm Did you guys have fun at BEA? I was so sad that I had to miss it this year.  
@stoopidgerl I'm so sorry    I'll be thinking of you XO
Anybody want to send me a new Samsung Impression??? I don't understand why neither company will help..my phone isn't even a month old. 
http://bit.ly/WvzTN  this sounds cool, where's the one for Nikon though 
@iljitsch Which ISP was that? I have been getting the same answers from Verizon FIOS 
@suryasnair hmmmm...  but i got a HTC.... i hope they have it ...
@DiyanaRazinah They practically ruined my mood when I logged into FB.  IDC IDC
I really wish Moblin V2 for the HP Mini 1000 had working wireless. 
Sadly selling Volvo S60 R w/ Warranty.   -  buythechange - http://shar.es/38pQ
I bought some cheap, $5 headphones from Meijer until I can get some new, nice ones. They feel like $5 headphones. I miss my Shure ones. 
I think @maureenjohnson gave merge LeakyFlu but it could be the BEA cold! 
Lightnings do NOT bring down huge airliners!! Personal note: I do not trust Airbus. 
why haven't i gotten a call back from SITEL? I fee like a retard caring my Juke with me everywhere! 
@westernrunner looking seriously into the Samsung Omnia, but still unsure.  I really want the Google phone but it's not on Verizon yet 
@cjmgrafx home phones not working, not sure what Verizon did this time 
Help! HP went into sleep mode and won't wake up! HP customer service not helping. 
But I don't want to own an auto company, and if I did it would be Toyota 
@MauraHernandez wow - I did not get the e-mails and all my pics HAVE already been Deleted #Kodak #fail 
HP computers have a funny updating process. Takes a long time 
@BTCare Thanks, but spent most of the day on the phone to BT, engineer didn't turn up to activate line and the redirect order got lost. 
@suPEARLative5 And I understand the headache.  I deliver those same headaches to Verizon's customers. 
Apparently my Kodak all-in-one won't scan without a black ink cartridge.   That doesn't make sense. 
Sony vegas is soo low  but still love it ^^
@digital_idiot Sony's gonna suck.  MS's announcements *almost* makes me want to get a 360.
Sony have just won 
Microsoft Press Conference Sucks. Have to wait till tomorrow for Sony 
@naturalfocus  unfortunately David, the dSLR i have at the moment is a Sony, and it's one drawback is no DoF preview 
@alxconn so it's there to &quot;help&quot; the airline?  that's &quot;awfully nice&quot; of HP to charge the customer for that! 
is calling Whirlpool again for another replacement part! 
i was rushing to get ready. i lost control for a sec and ran into a wall so my elbow hit the edge of the wall. -100 HP  plain painful.
I'm experiencing a Verizon Wireless data outage 
@Riverleaves wow-- and as WiFi becomes more endemic, that's an issue   Better now that you're wired at home? #hhrs
updating my Garmin Forerunner 305 to the latest firmware, then headed to the park to skate. unfortunately I can't find my HR chest strap 
@metaglyph anything is better than  this horrible DSL. i'm usually lucky if i hit 100kbps downloading anything. im at 40kbps now 
So close to getting into the Sony Press Conference... so very, very close. 
@dubdotdash Sony deal on eMusic is good news, shame about the price rise just to please them  #emusic
Is still looking for a Nokia 5800 
considering buying an old nvidia AGP card from eBay as my old ATI has turned legacy 
Comcast isn't working   I will now rely on random Tweets and @phillies_fg for all my scoring needs.
HP printer software is the bane of my existence. 
The DLP lamp in my tv burned out  O well essay time. http://myloc.me/2kIu
I'm going back to Cali, have a court room and travel plans, waiting on a Jury selection Tues &quot;Tidal Software aka Cisco subpoena me!&quot; 
My OQO 02 died last week ... replaced it with an HP mini bought at Costco ... wish the mini had a docking station w/ DVI output 
@itshoodbarbie damn I got basic Comcast  lol
@xonancy and the more recent set pics of HP showed emma and her bf  lol but then again, anything's possible! haha look at Robsten ;)
My HP Deskjet J4580 Won't work on Win7 yet.  
Waiting for my computer to come back from being fixed... again! HP - laptop 
I want smores. Also the Samsung Alias looks really cool. Why can't Sprint have cool phones 
I'm going back to Cali, have a court room and travel plans, waiting on a Jury selection Tues &quot;Tidal Software aka Cisco subpoena me!&quot; 
Swisscom failed: today should have been start of sales of first Android phones - but nothing in the store, employees aren't informed etc 
I want it to be time to go to BestBuy. 
My both HP Nokia N82 n BB BOLD fall jus now to the stone ground...Hai...Oh my, thank God everything ok if not i bite myself also no use 
@paulmsmith I know  think it was a one off..burst water main or something but only route I know so had to go back and get SatNav!!
@Jonin60seconds Vodafone have me for 24 months!  what a joke!!!
We are unfortunately still have trouble with our IP transit to our rack in Telehouse 
@ozdj @jbewes i haz plenty of data plan quota. problem is standard HTC Dream optus firmware doesnt have a PDF reader 
Just logged off.. upset I didn't make my goal 2nite despite all of the dirty nasty things you guys made me do  goin 2 bed gnite XO
@MWEB1 you stole my thunder! I was hoping for 2 wins in a row! 
@joelneoh I can buy 5 Nikon D90s with that money!  I also pain..
Is so annoyed.... Where is the food network channel.. Mediacom wtf!? 
@MichaelPhipps D'oh! It's working fine on my Nokia N82 (and @badmummy's E71) but Telstra might've done something weird with Java. 
IBM and Juniper plan a joint attack on Cisco...This myt mean more aggressive schedules for me   http://twurl.nl/vupmmr
@SIM00N well i want to go with laura or friends. but it seemed like we had to book a while back maybe.. no cheap flights 
Working bloody afternoons when Sony e3 is on, never right that 
My Airtel broadband is so erratic today.... 
Awww Vodafone, don't be like that, I need you to work on the laptop so I can still browse fast while the landline is capped...don't die 
My desk: ThinkPad T400, Mac Mini, IBM ThinkCentre, IBM NetVista - and none work to my satisfaction 
@tmg25 someone taking your 24&quot; cinema dsply and having to go back to a 17&quot; Dell is like someone stealing your bike.  Gimme my bike back 
This evening seems like a good time to start running again. I've been neglecting my Nike+ for a loooong time 
gah, Samsung releasing Pixon 12... but i just got my pixon 2 months ago... oh well, guess i'd do a trade in / top up... 
Mass Technology Failiure : E50, E65, and HP Pavilion - all stop functioning in the same week 
Shit I'm going to miss Sony's conference because I have to pick my sister up from school. 
@Lizzs_Lockeroom I only have a Sony Ericsson phone   I wish I could see it, but sometimes twitter takes forever to display pics
@brianoleary how did you know that this is one of the best compliments a person could give me? ps: why didn't we meet at BEA? 
Sony's press conference delivered everything... except a price drop  #E3 #sonyE3
I must say Sony came out swinging just like Microsoft and Iam truly happy for that. Too bad no KH3 news 
I must say Sony came out swinging just like Microsoft and Iam truly happy for that. Too bad no KH3 news  #E3
I liked Microsoft more, but Sony impressed me quite a bit. Nintendo was 3rd yet again  How the mighty have fallen
Overall a bit underwhelmed with Sony and Nintendo's announcements, didn't think I'd say this but Microsoft wins this time 
@jakesplace0 game sell consoles and there were some great game announcements! MS has Sony beat in digital distribution though!  #e3 #psn
Patay! The Juniper E320 BSR is down! Need to run to Equinix.  
Verizon Wireless has the worst possible account registration system ever. Slow page loads; requires multiple attempts @ creating account. 
So sad that my Polaroid camera is spoilt and I need to get a new one. I live my polaroid camera!!! 
@Ariells Such a shame about how boring Sony was. 
I want trade my LG phone with a blackberyy please 
Pissed my Comcast isn't working.  
Posting a new video on the unboxing of my Canon IXUS 80 IS later, the uploading is having some probems.. 
iTunes refuses to sync with Nike+  And I have 4 mile run to add.
I'll ATTEMPT to install the invisibleSHIELD... on my own... without any.. help.... 
My Globe Mobile's dead and I left my charger at home!!!  http://plurk.com/p/y2mof
Frustrating night yest trying to update N95-3 firmware. Lots of uninstall/reinstall/restart but no luck with Nokia ADL driver to install 
@babygirlparis That's a terrible feeling   hope that you can sleep !! XO
@MWEB1 and I'm 4 seconds off being top today!  I haven't checked your esato profile tbh I'll go look now if I can remember how to.......
I've bought me just a 20m long LAN-Cable and my PC doesn't accept it, but the PC from my brother accept it 
@MitaliandMe dealing w/ post-BEA  by talking about it nonstop &amp; annoying everyone around me. ha! &amp; looking at photos and big stack of bks!
@ozdj Ah, too late  I've got W7 on the Aspire1 and pretty impressed that they seem to have pulled themselves together after the vista mess
Looking for netbook. choosing between Dell mini 10 and HP Mini 2140. Tend to buy HP but them are not relay spread in St Petersburg 
My office's DSL connnection has just been disconnected. We have to pay our bill ASAP or we'll die disconnected from the virtual world 
i want NetApp to win, although it'll be hard to beat an all cash offer: http://twitzap.com/u/IyY greedy EMC already owns VMWare 
Charger's broken have to use my mom's laptop or my psp for internet 
@Svajen This spider is the brother of the spider out of HP! A magazines not gonna cut it! haha He'll get his family after me!! 
@krista_redbox wait...how can Celcom try to poach from Streamyx? Today has been the worst I've had in 4 months 
@Internode I noticed mpegmedia.abc.net.au is slow and feeding out of akamkai. Not hostcentral 
No shipping email on my Garmin 310XT. I guess this means I won't have it for this weekend's race 
@storagebod It's funny cos it's so true  Looks like with a total purge of the old board and senior peeps, Rackable can make it work
Why can't the UPS (wo)man get here before I leave.  It'll be my luck they will show up while I'm out for 2 hours.  
@tigoe my chumby ran away  I guess you could say he is running natively?
could not find a collapsible bluetooth keyboard at stables or croma  picked up a nice fountain pen from Staples .
@t_pot @darrenhayes @blakepup  Sony employees are so inappropriate 
I am MR. Sprint and Palm Pre, but can't seem to get one from anywhere !!! I'm pissed as h... 
Tough start this AM, even w/@Lakers win last nite! TILT phone's pwr jack acting up again~grrrr! Palm Pre is out but only 4 Sprint 
@Bronxchyck I don't have that luxury  whenever I'm home in the bx Sprint acts a fool and sends everyone to v/m
Verizon guy made me mad last night my new phone wont be here till monday so no cell for me!  I can't live without it!
Off work in less than 2 hours! Weee, super sore  damn you iFitness!
@anitajm i want one, but it has to be a Sprint phone  and they dont offer insurance on the iphone!
@kezzawezz Yush TalkTalk suck!! And so does wanting to go out with no money  I gots a taste and I want mooore lol
@ScrappinCop I'm on Verizon, so I'm not able to load Opera Mini on my phone. 
Having some problems with my WLAN adapter - this is not a good day in terms of netbooks for me..  #fb
just went through the Microsoft Company Store online to pre-checkout what stuff they have.. no xbox 360 premiums.. elite too costly 
does anyone have a spare Sprint phone?  mine broke 
My Wacom tablet stopped working. Just reinstalled drivers, didn't help 
@SuzyGlam I'm sad that Alltel won't be Alltel forever. 
I am not enjoying the Verizon life right now 
A wild Turkey with her 8 chicks walked across the street &amp; stopped traffic. It was a Kodak moment &amp; I accidentally left my iPhone at home 
I want my DSL connection back 
I really want to go to the o2 wireless festival!! 
Just got my Mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cable from Circuit Assembly! Works great except for audio  #apple
@XO_SUFI_XO two thumbs up for the multi task! I am bored! The hubby is watching scar face 
@kicksavetwenty Listened 2 the game on XM. Laptop is in critical condition, no cable, yeah...Just moved here and no cable yet  #Hockey
My laptop keyboard is broken, I have to buy a replacement but I would rather buy a mac.... But I love my Sony.... 
Wishing I hadn't used Newegg's free shipping. B&amp;H free shipping? 2 days. Newegg? I'm hoping it gets here by next Wednesday. DHL via USPS. 
tired of waiting for GSM Palm Pre 
@XO_SUFI_XO awe  lol i was searching through our hundreds of movies and couldnt find it but it was on tv! lol
So bored, and I'm not that patient with the EDGE connection on my phone. T-Mobile, when are we getting 3G in PR? 
@Sprint880324 I don't like when you have a heavy heart. 
@AllieCupcake probs ATT less bars in more places 
@ladymaryann good, I got an O2  no internet and I want a Nokia
@SarahCowan :-0 = me praising. I was looking @ the LG Prada, but it's not sold in the states yet.  my addiction is kinda out of control
Extreme Toyota Prius - I want one  I'm a ricer!  http://tr.im/nC32
@dude984 yeah...sadly yes.... &amp; i was going to take like 20 units of GE's since i cant take any during the year due to the design classes 
IBM's nonperma link &quot;feature&quot; just hit me again - cannot see the information and cannot get back to the one who sent it to me 
Oh ya last thing. I got outbid on the Nikon fisheye lens!  maybe next time
I want a Palm Pre but don't want to ever go back to Sprint 
looking for fix on Nokia E71 &amp; WLAN connections - why does the security setting on the WLAN have to reduce to WEP in order to work? 
correction: Its cold and cloudy. I'm freezing! It's sheep's cold  ..  hanging out in my brothers &quot;new&quot; VW T4, NICE
@digmo But still no Panasonic .rw2 support 
I hate it that there are almost no games for the HTC touch diamond 
looks like my Nikon D60 has got a dead pixel 
It's really amazing how much faster the service for Verizon's DSL is here I'm getting 786k download speed. Home I get 26k to maybe 46k 
feels sad in this satnite BT! brantem  http://plurk.com/p/yuxgo
@Draggyish Grrr, it didnt take that long for me to DL!  silly Sony!
@jameswalpole It's an Sony Ericsson K810i. I'm getting an iphone when my contract runs out but that's not til September 
N. 12 in line at my local Sprint  sucks...
waiting in line at the Sprint store in Roseville... 
Lots of stories of Sprint stores selling out of the Palm Pre already.  #prelaunch
I feel like a slow ass. I still want the pictures off my LG 
Just left the Sprint store w/o a Pre  so sad. Damn you Sprint for excluding us SERO users...
Taking photos of my Sony AIBO ERS312 ready to sell it on E-bay 
@nptnmkiii I had problems with mines and got the XPERIA X1 instead....now I need another phone that's on 
I REALLY need a new KitchenAid mixer- but if electricity is going to &quot;skyrocket&quot;- not sure if I'll be able to afford to mix anything! 
About 1/2 way through replacing the rotors on my 2004 Nissan Titan, one of the seals on one of the calipers has a small cut in it 
@jeffreymcmanus Be sure to tell us how it is. I wonder when the Pre comes out in GSM... T-Mob has the worst phones 
Nike laid off one of my favorite Nike Reps... there's no hope in sight for me in the near future 
I very much want to upgrade my phone to a new Palm Pre, but Sprint sucks. So it's not going to happen. 
Lookin' for a new mobile phone. I lost my old Sony Erricson on the bus back from college and need somthing which can play my music! 
@TalkToQwest no, DSL service is still down. 38 hours and counting. Called support: known outage, no ETA on fix. 
Vodafone text fail. I made a really interesting update about 1pm about becoming a plant seller. Gone forever. 
Powers out at the house and all we hear is the sound of the 6 UPS beeping. Correctly shutdown the computer but the UPS on the router died 
Wishing I had bought another Toyota. 
@EdRoffe XO edmund you were supposed to deny it and say madison michelle taylor you are perfect will you marry me. i'm upset 
Our Panasonic Plasma tv has been out now for almost 2 weeks and now the part that's needed is backordered.Hubby and daughter depressed 
#prestock  r#palmpre redwood city Sprint store now sold out had 25 i'm waiting for them to port my # systems crashing under load 
Held door open for someone at Sprint store...that person got the last Pre in the store...oh well 
Why am i up so early?  Comcast sucks. 
Guess who was 27th in line at a Sprint store with 25 Palm Pre's this a.m. 
@rushme2112 I feel for you... when we moved to NH our only option was Direcway.. so we invested $1200.  6 mos. later DSL became available 
@everythingpre wish I had a Pre...Sprint says NO 
@Shouq Mobile without charge is nothing  all my wires and chargers r in the orange bag ;P 3ad I usually took it everywhere 
I NEED film for my Polaroid camera  Why did they have to discontinue?
@JVC341 I woke up at like 4 am and I couldn't get back to sleep. 
Calling it a night. - After HP&amp;OOTP has finished im going to bed, ready for work tomorrow  Today has been... http://tumblr.com/xp41ywp6f
I've twittered all day by text but Vodafone ate them all   I hate it when techonlogy fails me!
@M3wThr33 I want the GSM version asap, goddamn 
Estou triste, quebrou a tela Touch Screen do meu Palm..aff  
Just took another hit on my sync speed. I believe noise margin is now at 9 :/ Basicly wipes out any improvement to speed compared to ADSL 
At a Sprint store with @Luz3r checking out the Palm Pre charger and case. Looks like they are sold out 
@campo It's pretty sweet so far, works just as advertised. I'm doing a timelapse right now, Canon never builds that into their cameras 
 I cannot print from Ubuntu to my Samsung printer, something called Splix sucks this time.
@palm 1 of the 1st at my Sprint store this morning. Lovin' it so far, but having issues getting my Outlook data onto my Pre.  
@Simriel my msn is still crapping out, problems with DSL something-or-others ~_~ so i might call it a night 
Shoot.  I went to go look at the Pre, but the Sprint store closed already. 
@jeremielong No new Phone for Vic, Verizon said we could upgrade for free, then all the sudden it was $199 for the Storm.  NOT happening 
I wiped out my Mobile by mistake!!! I hope my back up is still on the computer!!! The provider is closed now. 
HP mini... it's hot! ... it's really hot.... 
is sad she never made it to a Sprint store or to a Bestbuy to check out the Pre. I've been waiting for this day for so long. 
*sigh* The awesome pinstriping I got on my Nikon at Billetproof was short lived.  Smudged on way home.  I just removed it with solvent. 
The Samsung i8910 Omnia HD is amazing... great quality. Pity there is no US 3G on board 
Dreading that long drive to Oracle tomorrow  glad I only make it 2 times a year
SSC Starbucks again, thank god Z finishes work at 3 instead of 6. I need company to fight Pcon 
@sharpjacqui All my own property- would love some class iPods. Applied &amp; turned down for Unisys grant 2 buy iTouch 
Kindle DX.. for it to work in Australia, need EVDO network and credit card support. Telstra and visa smells it? or I got to move... 
No outgoing connections to external E-Mail servers at Marvell  . Weird enough, twitter works fine.
@Kodak317 wordd. nothin man just chillin. my plans for tonight fell through. no bowling  haha
uuuggghhh! my god! what happen to DSL! grrrrrrrr.. 
FUCK Sprint  their NONACTIVIATINGAFTERSEVENPMEASTERNONSATURDAYS ass.. They can lick donkey nuts, I have 3 more hours til my Pre is alive 
Diino will not be free any more. 
Diino will not be free any more.  http://bit.ly/poFXj
@vimoh On my Nokia E71, gravity is a very good tool, but paid  am using twibble which is decent.
Time to head out and sort the broken HP printer I've only had for a couple months at Currys 
https twitter continues to be broken for me. Flawless anywhere except TelstraClear cable 
@driph Actually, I don't know if it will work.  A low-end 12 amp mower is about 1.75 HP.  The garbage disposal motor is only 1/3 HP.  
In bed, on my phone living off NextG cause my normal interwebs is being stupid 
@PreThinking I wouold reply but being a gentleman, opened the door for someone at Sprint store and they ended up w/ last Pre in stock 
@BADFalcon @curligirl ah bugger  we will continue to keep Duracell in business then? #orgsamsunday
Cracked the screen on my beloved N95-3...will have to learn to live with it  Vibo kinda blows, as does Vodafone Sharp 703shf!!
The Nokia N97 is available on pre-order in the Philippines Jun16-18. http://www.nokia-ph.com/n97preorder/ INGGIT AKO. 
Technology crisis. Cell phone officially dead after months of intensive care and resuscitation. Sprint is out of Palm Pre-s 'til Tuesday. 
My mom got Verizon Wireless now so now i want it 
holy shit!  old VW bug appears to have exploded!  outlook grim for any occupants, I'd wager. 
I'm soooo pissed I dropped my brand new fucking phone in a cup of liquor. AT&amp;T Fuze, I hardly knew ye... 
Sucking power from my Dell mini to charge iphone back up 
The ice maker of our new Whirlpool is certainly not German approved  
@comcastcares My internet still down, just found out that my appt was canceled without notifying me. Comcast person on the phone now 
@sparksthealy My price range wasn't that much  I didn't see an enV touch on the list I had either. I got the juke.
@cartab no I am on my Nokia E71. Worse, I am in a country town with only GSM/GPRS 
I need to replace operating system in my HTC 
@ajgrubb I'm stuck with Sprint for another year. 
Turns out contacts won't sync over bluetooth from my Palm Pre to my BMW 335. 
@motodev I've mentioned it have no fear. I think it's impossible to get a non Windows mobile computer. Even Psion sold out 
@SuperRecords he didn't answer me there  never mind LOL ... have fun reading HP... tweet dreams Xx
@lancer2323 Some wack LG flip phone that I had forever! It sucks to text on 
sincerely want's a VW bus.. 
Sincerely wants a Nissan Murano... 
@mushion22 I'd love to give this away, but came from Nokia and they are a bit stingy with these giveaway ideas... Going back in two weeks 
I'm getting acquainted with my new Motorola cell phone. It's not user-friendly.   
My new apartment is a dead zone.....and I don't have the Verizon network 
Amazing! My iPhone was fixed in Softbank store by hard-reboot but dead/black screen situation was scary!! Phone rang and no way to answer 
@robertqu dude, how has everything been...I see you are playing with Gateway a bunch. So cool, I totally miss worship there.  
@DaniiDiaz There's just one thing I'm going to hate about HP 6... and I know I'm gonna cry... 
T-Mobile EDGE just died for me 
Just got home from downtown... exhausted... and Comcast is out. Again. 
Nokia has a very good music store to support record label to sell their songs ... Including Thai song but not available in thailand  
@HeavenLeigh123 *gasp* jealous! I only have a HP pillow. I have a whole shelf of my little mermaid love. I want more 
wish I could rotate the canvas in photoshop  would make Wacom work easier
4 wipes on KT in a pug is no way to start a birthday. I need sleep 
I just got totally pwned... free Virgin Mobile usage meter in app store  oh well off I go to release mine free with NO ADS then ;)
@Internode if only you would cover areas that at stopped by technology blockers like rims etc... 
I am desperate for my i10 now........but no news from the Avaya 
Wondering when 3 will ship the replacement HSDPA modem, after my damn sister sat on the previous one and snapped the connector. 
is waiting in for UPS 
Dealing with Vodafone is a nightmare 
is annoyed with her Samsung ear phone things, that dont fit in her midget ears  Grr never heard of user testing?!
doing a stupid Cisco course 2day. 
Duhh.. Omnia's screen alignment is soooooooo dumb 
I got maccy Exposoid goodness happening on my ork linux box, and it was as easy as apt-get pie.  Now I /really/ buying ATI at home. 
@dancounsell I have a Seagate FreeAgent which is silent. I also have 2 x noisy laCie D2 that need power supply replacements regularly 
Really I wish that Telstra would fix my phoneline so I could get ADSL! There are so many better options than wireless 
I am starting to have issues with my Sony Vaio S28GP, after 5years or so, I am guessing a bad ram, micro-dimm costs $99 just for 512mb 
I am starting to have issues with my Sony Vaio S28GP, been a good 5yrs tho, I am guessing a bad ram, micro-dimm costs $99 just for 512mb 
wonders if anyone else having problems with Vodafone today? I can neither make calls nor send text messages from my phone... 
I wish my gmail account would work with my old SonyEricsson W850 
Engineers turn up from BT run tests its fine, now I reconnect my gear and its dropped 2mbs a sec to 1.2 
@Taddy69 a friend has one (mark one) loves it I can't afford one got Nokia 5800 can internet tweet but can't dm or send emails boohoo 
@thenewbnb back sometime like 29th and leaving again on the 2nd something i guess.. till august last week travel from HP to goa, big tour 
@pmanot You are right. I have got delivery of my Toshiba laptop after 20 days and the problem remains unsolved  Toshiba sucks.
@XO_ciara me too  i'm gonna miss lauren so much!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;3 
@Rubberduck71  Story of my life. 
Not having an easy go of Verizon connectivity on my train ride. 
Annndd.. Sprint really sucks down there! What to do? 
Myspace Mobile acting reeeaalll dumb right now...grrrr i had a whole page of messages i was checkin 
Trying to use Mogwai ERDesignerNG - http://is.gd/12tM9, not able to use IBM DB2 drivers... 
Whites smell of Clorox... Monsoon rain pours outside now and my clothes don't dry 
@bobsd46 I'm beginning to fear that the FirstClass Mobile app is vaporware... An &quot;imminent&quot; release has been promised for months now. 
Dell still insist my computer will be with me on or before 11/06/09 ....still waiting....not happy 
really wishes that there was photography at the museum of science and industry's HP EXHIBIT 
@paulie ..but it has no optical viewfinder, and certainly no swivel LCD  Guess I just need to get me to a Jessops and have a chat.
Using ANOTHER HP cartridge. $$$ HP printers are ink hogs.   #squarespace
Argh being forced to take a blackberry by work. Not good. I have always supplied my own Nokia for use on the company contract bye bye N96 
@user47 You didn't get the Canon? 
@elliottkember I'm tied to BT, as I have BT Vision's - Telly over IP. 
9 minutes on hold with Canon CPS customer support. 
had a boring day - still waiting for my dress for the weekend (fucking DHL!!!111elf) and I am kinda hungry at the moment 
The Mobile Loaves &amp; Fishes offices are a ghost town today. Everyone's on vacation, paternity leave, or sick. Just 3 of us today.  
there's something wrong with my laptop. At times it gets so heated up, it hurts to touch the touchpad. It's an HP, wouldn't recommend it 
Wow...the Sony Vaio p is the only netbook ive seen with a 1600x768 screen. wish more would follow suit, you couldnt pay me to take a Vaio 
my phone is freaking out...going to Verizon 
My eBay purchase still hasn't arrived. I may have been scammed. The lengths I go to get my hands on an Android Vodafone HTC Magic 
@BT1914 I won't be there 
@mistersaxon I dont have a UPS, I use notebook computers, if the power goes i'll lose my net connection though 
@dwai You'll be surprised how much ISPs in India are now cooperating with the Govt.  They have successfully blocked most VOIP services!
@iEllie I hate it all too!!!  And there is nothing interesting in that WorldCom building either.  
alright no one talk to me.. that's sad.. i'll just get some rest now  bye tweeple. XO
graphical calculators cost nearly twice as much in germany compared to the us. Want a Casio FX-9860GII 
@emmielovegood now thats my kind of boss!! mine wont even let me have my HP books with me @ work!!! 
want to learn flute, but 700 EUR is too expensive (with that amount, I can get a DSLR) 
@jquig99 What else out there? Sprint sucks too I gotta tell you 
wireless not working 
@virginmedia Just like vivacity, ADSL24, and other companies that use LLU. Interesting, you're cheapest though! but exchange has no C&amp;W 
@JeffZelaya i agree, UPS messed up getting my engagement ring on time 
I miss my free XM radio subscription. I wonder what's going on with Cosmo radio and @CocksWithP  
is still upset - was told to stay in bed for two days - totally NOT happy... Doritos and Galaxy failed to help... Why me?.. 
My phone broke and its only 2 months old . . . . . . . there has to be something about LG phones that doesnt make them last for very long 
Talked myself out of buying a 32&quot; Vizio today, my stomache churned at committing myself...but it was on sale 
Only thing I miss about GSM is using my G1 and Nokia E71 
No, surprise here. Balsillie was rejected yet again.   http://bit.ly/3uQJw
Trying to get my Dell S2209W monitor to work with Ubuntu, no go   doesn't recognize monitor...can't find drivers either
The serial number on my Acer Aspire One completely wore off, so now I'm not so sure I can get it fixed under the warranty. 
I finally found the phone I was looking for! it's called the Samsung Impression. it's mad good but expensive 
@tobin Students have WiFi through LTU; not sure about TAFE. I don't have access though 
@MerryMegan I'm not sure. She picked some Revlon stuff and it came out a mousy brown  she hates it so I'm fixing it in two weeks.
discovered Estonia is pretty geeky/connected. Hopefully connected enough: MyNetFone charge a crazy amount to VoIP, gonna have to use TPG 
@bunni_suicide hello love of my life. i finally got a stupid twitter. HP @ IMax got pushed back two weeks. soo we have to see it regular 
I just called Telecom and they said I can't use the SciPhone ok there new XT service 
I want one  The new Olympus PEN E-P1 - produces SLR-quality photos w/ ultra-compact convenience: http://snipurl.com/bigdebate
@roysteves oh really?  I don't have either but I also am on Verizon 
I just woke up. Lost 2 bids tonight on a Canon Rebel EOS XSi. 
AT&amp;T keeps screwing up. Ah. Verizon needs to pump some gears and get their deals rolling. I miss VZW 
AT&amp;T keeps screwing up. Ah. Verizon needs to pump some gears and get their deals rolling. I miss VZW  lol http://tinyurl.com/knvtgr
The Olympus E-P1 looks awesome, just I have canon lenses 
@epikurean, sweet. i'll be sure to catch that, then. Haven't seen any of the HP films on IMAX 
Mail for Exchange not working after the update! Phone refuses to detect the corporate mail server!  #Nokia
I'm really excited to play around with Motion (http://www.movabletype.com/motion/), but I have to make myself go to sleep 
MFE update #FAIL  #Nokia
ATI did it again x-( no fglrx for xorg1.6 for mi card! no more 3D 
@f2point4 Olympus looks interesting but gotta wait to see what the image quality and usability is like, I learnt the hard way with the M8 
Sony not willing to give a infamous customer a beta 
@yznw what ? yamashita tomohisa, takuya kimura, oguri shun ??? i only know Toshiba  what brand is that ?
heading out to Cisco's office at Eurocentral for a telepresence meeting with Turkish customers - have to put on a tie 
Grace's migration to BBB delayed by Singtel weekend-only promo. Ahhh... 
Yuck! 430am pst, couldn't sleep &amp; ended up finishing report. Might as well go to the gym. NetApp's analyst event starts in 3 hours. 
Damn you @nodesktophero and your Sony Vaio P stories. You made me want one again 
I came in at 7:30, and the SAP training was canceled.  I could have slept for another hour! 
@quasirahul a win file got corrupted and my comp doesn't boot. need a vista disc but didn't get one from HP 
@mikos @angstmann I have a Dell Latitude D430, but they don't seem to be as well supported as some of the more popular models. 
Wanted to buy Samsung Omnia, but it costs 950,000MNT, or around 670USD. Don't have the money  bt want the phone so bad!!!!
Despite a high-speed internet connection, a new HP laptop, a PSP, and an LG Voyageron hand, I feel I have nothing to do on my break... 
@HilzFuld Pelephone has charged me again 70 nis. I didnt use pelephone for 3 years now.... my hands are tied 
OS X isn't finding my UPS at home 
Headed out to replace my broken Keurig 
did you know there is a town called Nokia in Finland, i'm there and missing the lion's game 
Morning cigarette destroyed by Zippo on the fritz. 
f*cking Nike has removed my training programme  !!#:@!sddfijfhzdrijfwedfergftzhvtrgf :'(
@scotchtof I even walked into an ATT store and showed them http://bit.ly/wiWrN.  I can't even talk on it 
Comcast! what in the world happened yesterday around here? ever since yesterday, connection has been very flaky...  
@kdaly100 A mate of mine got a Garmin Forerunner and found it great. Being a cyclist, I went for a Garmin Edge. Lasted 14 months 
I think I've canceled my ATT service (fingers crossed they didn't make a mistake)....now I have to go back to time warner 
@theplatemarket Ah right ok, ta. Fibre to house would be sweet, but BT spokespeeps are still holding off...not commercially viable.  Booo!
@LukasRos got a new mobile phone. I'm sooooooo zealous! I hate CDMA but stuck to it  #fail #reliance
@chrislorenz hey, how you liking the Starbucks VIA coffee? I love it but unfortunately they don't sell them in most stores. 
At the offices of dfj today! Then a long drive back to sf  http://myloc.me/42tC
AMD Bulldozer is shaping up nicely, too bad it's two years late and we have to wait until 2011  ttp://bit.ly/amd8-16core
@IdleThumbs NVIDIA or ATI?  I tried the demo on my 4870 and it performed terribly.  I don't think it likes ATI cards 
@kristysf I saw them on our street 1 day, so I didn't answer the doorbell when it rang shortly after. Turns out it was FedEx I missed 
I can't decide between Western Digital and giving Seagate another chance.  You hurt me real bad Seagate 
My freaking phone doesn't ring anymore. Thanks ATT!! it's not even 2 years old yet   bastards.
In bed with netbook, connected with GPRS. DSL line is in the other room  Will get my router here from Lahore tomorrow 
Everywere is sold out of Polaroid film. 
more art shipping problems    when I'm famous, I'm going to have art handlers... not the UPS store
watching  HP2 wanting to go out side 
Not excited about wasting minutes while on hold with Comcast 
Nokia pointandfind does not support both of my phones E71 and N85 
@MacFindHer wld b fantastic 2have connectivity 2fill in gaps where wifi isn't avail but til I can make a call from my house, ATT won't do 
I filed a return / exchange / warranty request with Skullcandy a few days ago and they still haven't gotten back to me re: headphones 
A McDonald's without WiFI?  It seems sacrilegious!    When I asked they said &quot;we don't have WiFi&quot;        Store #6287 in Trenton, MI.
I have a dark secret...I dance at the Verizon commercial music. I'm so ashamed. 
HTC touch diamond 2 = teh sex. me = teh broke 
Is it just me or is Fedex and UPS getting to expensive to ship ebay items with.. $12 to ship a game i sold for $10. 
ate my own dogfood today and used the XO on the train. Makes quite a nice ebook reader. couldn't get zoom working on nav keys tho 
I dont know if im liking this call center job  kinda miss RadioShack....
and now on hold with Comcast for 25 minutes 
@bobbyfilipino Ugh, FedEx some over why don't cha!  lol
testing the Linksys wrt54g2, the router works fine but the signal in my room is poorly... 
@gloriana_fans No, I have Sprint.  But I was doing it online, but this is what I get... https://twitpic.com/7l09l
@taylorswift13 I have Sprint  I'll go on-line then. You're worth it 
@PMSTheSkittles BAHHH! I'm scared that when I send it in, they'll like lose it or the UPS guy will break it lol I love my xbox too much 
@JosephLane The last computer I bought was a mac, 7 years ago. The software costs were killing me, replaced it with the Dell laptop. 
@taylorswift13 dang!  dont have Verizon and currently I dont have working computer wait! Maybe my phone internet will work!
@Chubb0rz no, just a Belkin I bought ... but isn't even that old or worn 
I wanna sell my Sony dsc-w150 digicam and get a Canon G10 digicam! 
@meganblack_  point taken, least you get MMS, etc  now, I've been waiting months for the 3GS, but Optus doesn't get them until mid july 
@WJPhoto ATT Uverse isn't available in my neighborhood yet... 
I don't even own a Tomtom 
New Dell record: A server I ordered from Dell has not yet arrived after 23 DAYS   Next time we see Dell miss earnings, this is why.
Jonesing. No interwubs for 8 hours. TimeWarner tech outage in my area today. 
I'm totally behind on my Dell bill 
Moment of silence...  my friend @evilnecko wrecked his Nissan 350Z... oh, and no one was hurt...  but the car... 
@kmdevito I know... I am chained to Verizon...    *sob*
who knows how to save ALL numbers onto a sim with the Nokia 6300... or onto the memory card!?!? ... i have too many numbers 
Dell 27&quot; monitor has arrived. Unfortunately it's not for me 
@makeuptyrit  oohh lol i miss read it. Yeh boo the lotus is for Sprint only 
Sprint can kiss my ass, no pre for me...today anyway 
Oh twitter, my only link to the internet- DSL is down at home 
Great Tepusquet Tuesday. FAST..@edmcgready had 21+ on his Garmin..I don't know, my Garmin was in for repair. 
@LG090794 awww i think it's too late for me now cuz it's 10:29 
On the E71 this morning to check how it runs with my O2 SIM in it. You does Nokia Messaging ROCK on the E71 and SUCK on the N97? 
Enjoying my Nikon D40! I think I'm getting sick though! 
Houston, we have a problem! The Yeasu HT VX-3R PTT function's not responding to PC control as it did yesterday 
Tomtom must be an evil transformer, it tried to kill me! instructing me to turn right into the no entry/ one way street 
#verybadoptus bloody hell. latest rumour on Whirlpool is Optus wont release #htcdream Android 1.5 for 2 months!  http://bit.ly/BRr6R
@jehan_ara You are making us poor Nokia users jealous... 
Mobile appears to have attempted brave leap from bike into gutter on route to work 
How annoying, my new #Dell laptop had a 'Misroute in Transit' according to the delivery tracking website. It's gone to the wrong depot 
@fraserspeirs The only redeeming feature of the old Moto KRZR was the voice dial. Which they removed in an update 
i ordered some Amway products online and they were sent to another location because i did not check the address 
&gt; @cyruschrono: @chillyphilly Apple finally turns on BT for you 2nd gen users. My 1st Gen misses out 
@geekishpirate i believe you can now use verizon phones on alltel like the dare and enV touch. But yeah most of alltels phones suck. 
Thinks Telkom sucks big time 
The replacement Sennheiser headphones I bought came today. Definitely fakes, they suck 
@Dori_Bautista i love HP, too! can't wait until next movie, but i dont know when it will be released in europe 
bought a Nokia 5800 as a present for my wife and now I want it for me 
getting pissed off with Tiscali's random dodgyness 
Thanks for nothing FCC. W/O perfect signal, digital gives you nothing. I have/had 2 TV's that weren't perfect but now they're worthless 
Looks like my HR strap on my Garmin 305 is not working. Quit on mi 20 of marathon;put in new batt-still not working. 
@STACIJANSMA  I bet it will be awesome. I'm still waiting for the day that DSL will be available where I live. 
Preparing for Symantec Certs 
My Sony Vaio is broken! no internet for me for a while ! 
@chelseamaxson ummmm my phone will be capable... but I guess ATT has to turn it on... Which I guess happens sometime this summer. 
Ripped out of VCE workshops, with Cisco, VMware, RSA and EMC in Singapore to be H1N1 quarantined, someone with it on my plane near me 
@ClaudiaWinkle I actually was sick when I saw the publicity shots. Eeeuw, naked SBC... 
My bluetooth Logitech mouse was broken today. 
@kristarella I bought my touch for 400 AU$ and a iPhone with sub. costs a little under 200 AU$ 
@piinklaurenn T-Mobile here said it was supposed to be available an hour ago.  No idea what the hang up is.
Waiting for fedex to deliver my clothes!!!!! Fedex sucks 
@mcleodd Grrrr, iBurst, 20KB/s, 1 hour 48 minutes to go  for my 3.0 fix.
Dell is a no-show by their self-appointed deadline today.  
Someone stole my Garmin out of my car last night while it was right under me in the carport.....thats not scary or anything....   Bummed!!
@LucasBlack What new features will it bring? I want N97 but half way through contract with Vodafone 
@mobilephone2003 Indeed, totally usless 
@ppinheiro76 Optimus ... I misread you, sorry 
@Alphacat1 i feel the same way about TMobile 
#iPhone 3.0 update seems nifty, but I still can't get it to recognise my Motorola S9 bluetooth headphones! 
i just realized that im going to be in florida when HP comes out...  that makes me really sad...
Dell xps1330 is the worst notebook i have ever owned! 2 times gpu failure, now no power, no boot! Its a piece of s...  pofff!!!
Ugh, if I can't get the wireless working on moblin I can't run it 
@ColinBrooks we're with Nildram at the moment and they've gone down hill.  Compounded by being a long way from an already poor exchange 
@jryanlaw Got my iphone3.0 update. Pissed ATT wont strt photo text messaging ability till l8r ths summer. Grrrrrrr  lk the new search tho
@alancostello i had a 3g sim, it was working all day. T-Mobile are fecking up 
everybody is annoying me with this iPhone OS 3.0 update  I still use my old Sony Ericsson... unfortunately ;-)
@preachblake gotta have ATT 
@huggerdog Thanks mate,  I'm on contract, not PAYG so left settings alone, tried sending MMS to 1010, but no luck yet 
 Airport Express doesn't rock enough to allow wireless scanning with the Canon pixma MX310, but otherwise it's wireless goodness.
Wf?!  The Blockbuster near campus closed!  
Universal healthcare...where are you?  Cigna sucks 
@JHornberg system overload, plus exposition park has poor service for Tmo/Verizon/AT&amp;T. Only one of my friends could call out 
@xyster why would you need pdanet if you can use your 3G tether. As for me, it looks like my EDGE tethering is screwed and gone then 
@paranoidrdragon Optus is the most affordable but I can't say their coverage and quality of 3G is much good. Cause it stinks 
Arg, I want an iPhone! Twitter is so hard on this Sony Ericsson for me. 
@FromTheBrit I use a Nokia E65, not too keen on it either, but it connects to literally everything but it's a slide, I hate it  lol
@pwopah That's all I wanted, and then realized it was not something ATT supported yet 
Real mad my net stopped working outta no where currently on the phone with Verizon Tech support 
Still waiting for our Sprint store to get the Palm Pre back in stock 
@axigy Same thing with PCs. I had it happen with a Dell. But they replaced it because they put the latching mechanism inside the glass. 
OS 3.0 installed - tethering disabled on Vodafone 
cars in the shop  but im driving a Charger as a rental 
One Korean newspaper said iPhone is going to release in July by KT(Korean telecom company) and KT denied it officially. What's going on 
@_VNL I see no different and i have a ipod touch and I had pay for it 
@HP49er so mad..... 
What does the recent acquisition of eMusic by Sony give me? I now have 37 downloads a month instead of 50. Canceling membership 
Wondering how long this Palm Centro will be &quot;cool&quot; 
At CommunicAsia, the machine is kinda slow to run video and sort of things at the same time. 
Second time on two weeks my new #Dell Studio XPS Blue screened due to video drives  trying the new ATI drivers now
I got my money back from Toyota, but now I gotta start my search for a car all over again 
@kisnacapri no re, will be joining Nokia Siemens Networks on 1st July, immediately after landing! cant even go home! 
Is on hold with Telecom &amp; has been for ages, Also got put through to the wrong section when I first rung, Neato 
@c4tv i'm watching C4 now. I luv this show. But, one tym dae calld da winner of th Nokia 5610 and i MISSED THE CALL.  sad much...
Is disappointed at the Sirius app, that just came out. No stern, ugh. I have been waiting so long for this app too 
@ericssan nope. Digi doesn't have blackberry service. 
BSNL GSM service sucks!! 
One last Sirius comment. I wonder how many calls to the show tomorrow will be complaints about the Sirius app. I hope a lot. Really lame. 
@empireofno @robinlondon The guy at CPW said all initial shipments were for pay monthly only with pay and go following at a later date. 
@PaalSA New Map DVD on Toyota Avensis gave me TMC as well. But it's a shame that the DVD costs the same as a complete TomTom unit 
Windows 7 op een Lenovo Tablet? Don't go there. Power management is een drama, blue screens all over the place   Terug naar vista...
sss team finalizing the LG db schema. (now lang?) naku. 
shares A (H1N1) possible symptoms/cases confirmed here at HP Ortigas. Some teams we're already sent home.  H... http://plurk.com/p/11tobj
@thepriceislight Even more galling that I had to buy out a Telewest contract when I moved away from their area 
How do we disable EDGE on the 3.0??? I just lost all my units 
@markleo82 I know you are right....  But we(Maxis) suppose to have HSDPA  :-P
@ItsBashy life sounds so hard for you bashy. LOL, low it, i wanna make my own Adidas 
Just reading that T-Mobile in NL won't increase the current up/download speed of 2048/384 kb/sec when introducing the new iPhone 3GS 
I got an interview. I don't wanna work in Staples! 
@kmlc Charming, you ask 3 Nikon users about L glasses and leave me out  /me stomps off in a huff! (P.S I dunno if they have shot up :p )
OpenSolaris 2009.06 doesn't support BCM4312 WiFi chipset or Huawei 3G dongle on my Lenovo S10e. So close. Oh well, sticking with Ubuntu. 
Over the past year, where ever I've been, my iPhone has come with me. Now, it has changed. I carry a Sony Ericsson  *Sobs*
@turlaach I know how you feel.  I was with them when it was BT Genie - many moons ago and I'm still waiting for MMS! 18hrs now 
converting my old .mac to Mobile.me due to new iPhone update req's  
Not happy with BT. Service is awful today and I really need decent connection 
Is it just me or have customers started taking security a whole lot more seriously ? DTAG / T-Mobile security req are massive !!! 
Owwy blood test  owwy head owwy IBM I'm tired ......
I want a new phone.  Preferably the LG Xenon, but I know that won't happen any time soon. 
Only 2 colors for Microvision's SHOWWX release probably means 20-30k units total.  At $500ea, we're looking at $10-$15Million in revenue 
#squarespace helped me set up my Garmin 405... #circlevoid made Garmin's servers screw up, so I can't sync it. 
@NaiiLand I know  Silly apple!! Why not switch to ATT? you get way better service, but you havt to pay a few extra pennies 
bro just confirmed that the AMD graphics card from @keithdsouza's website contest has arrived. but apparently it is not packed properly 
@jsm174 the Sirius app is definitely not as good as yours was.  
Just ordered a new keyboard with a better layout for my Mini 9. Hopefully typing will be less sucktastic now. They didn't let me order BT 
@aharen Howd you do that!. im stuck and i own a Sony Ericsson phone now  how sad is that
Never thought I would use Vodafone live at home as well 
AT&amp;T Wireless can kiss my ass. I REFUSE to pay $200 extra for a new #iPhone 3GS just because I'm an existing customer. I hate ATT.  
How is this possible... Nokia does not support Windows Live Messenger on their N97 and 5800XM.... way the go..... 
@_topo Evidently I should have bought mine 3 years ago too  I got good comments on Dell but my personal experience was quite bad so far...
@cwiiis my phone (Samsung P520) doesn't have any buttons, just the touchscreen, so I can't get past the EULA screen 
stuck in the Vodafone office 
@blubeast870: @MarcoNoPolo @BT1914 I hate all of yaw!! I won't be in atl til late lol, I don't get off til 5  lol
I cant understand ATT america -- no MMS, or tethering (both of which I have already enabled) and no subsidy for existing iphone customers 
@dylanbeattie That's just plain showing off! Some of us have to make do with one old, battered 19&quot; Samsung  #mydesk
@davidjohnjones ah, you'll be getting the GSM version, way cool. a major drawback for me: when i go to europe, the phone won't work. 
.@MonicaOnline I wish Sprint wld offer a pkg to help off-set the AT&amp;T ETF &amp; encourage switching. But I found a real person, &amp; they dont. 
@Ultimation AGAIN?  *hugs* are Sony sending you out a new one this time, or just fixing it?
I just had to take my LG Rumour for repairs. 
@aplusk tell me about it. I figured ATT would be ahead of the rest of the world but that's clearly not the case 
I'm going to Sprint to hopefully get a new phone. @estrellaxstarr I see you called, but every time I try to text or call, it shuts off! 
Are stitching 34 hand held images for a creative panorama. Shot with a Sony DSC-V1.... can only capture jpg in 8bit 
@ChunLum True that. The camera I want is sold out most places. Selling for $200 over retail  Panasonic LX3: http://bit.ly/lH9SN
. @janeglau I need more. It's my primary computer. Just bit the bullet and ordered scratch-n-dent from Dell outlet. Rent will be late. 
@jillwhalen Comcast - we've been battling that on behalf of a client; not fun. 
I can't believe Verizon gave fedex the wrong address!!! One more day w/o my phone!  grrrr.
@ch1d3th agreed. i want an iphone, but i can't afford the extra stuff  my sis just got an LG xenon and seems to be loving it so far.
Windstream's email is almost as annoying as dealing w/ that damn bank. 
@sjc11 At some point in the far future, yessss, haha. Polaroid film is kinda expensive now though 
#Igive thanks for Vodafone taking two lots of payments out of my account and overdrawing it and then taking over a week to recredit me. 
Looking for some Polaroid 125i, 669, 668 - or if it comes to it Fuji FP100-C 
ahhh.. Sprint's pic mail service is down... No texting pics for now. 
Sheesh, come on NetStumbler, you don't support my old WiFi card in this Dell notebook OR the new one I just bought? 
Anyone have a spare stylus for an S-E X1 (Xperia)? I've lost mine. And the spare 
Anyone know where I can get Revlon Colorstay samples? @superficialgirl got some and I asked but she didn't reply  
is shannon juust called me a LG!!! 
Headed to IKEA to get some stuff for my 2nd office...yes, I'm spread between 2 now.  Looking for another 23&quot; Apple Cinema Display too...
I wish I had my Canon power shot sx10is digital camera already 
@alexisworking @yangtheman I remember Giffan. Cisco has a campaign based off our original idea 
@LittleCaesara : udh nyala skrg?? waa!! gue belom. masih GSM (not even gprs). meh.  re : BIS Tsel
@kiruba I am leading a painful life, after I discarded my Dell and switched to Acer. I am thoroughly pissed off 
I'm home. Just received the most awful news. Notes are not allowed for our HP trivia try-outs. 
Went to get my new PalmPre and BestBuy is sold out. I am just too tight to pay the $100 more at the Sprint store. They might be out also. 
trying out Opera Mobile 9.7b. it keeps locking up my HTC.  #squarespace
@JasonBradbury where are you getting it from? I'm worried Carphone won't have it on PAYG 
@iandolphin24 Funny! Optus has sent a single MMS yet 
Reading all your twits make me wonder why I got myself the Nokia navigator when I could have waited for something better 
HTC diamond 2 outlook sync not working ... WM6.1 ? Vista? or HTC problem ... 
T-Mobile is about to get a not so nice phone call from me! What is going on with my phone?! Why aren't my internet and apps working?!! 
waiting for my Nokia N97 - why does every car sound like a delivery van, car doors like van doors, people walking like delivery men?  #n97
@mrmaxg It sure does, as I am reading it now! More than I can say for my new SIM card though  x
Aww I want Nokia E series/Samsung Omnia  Or a blackberry !!!
@paulshadwell But just goes to show Swisscom were full of shit when they tried to blame Apple for their 12 month pricing, FULL price. 
bought Nokia E71 from 3rd party trader on Amazon UK.  Phone turned up quick but only on fault - it's a copy/fake!  
yay we won today. still disappointed about the HTC magic 
I'm less than two miles from T-Mobile HQ and there is no 3G coverage here  #fail
Nokia email lost settings on N97  Have to go back to internet on desktop browser and resend provisioning SMS
@sethu_j do you remember Bounce?! good ol' Nokia phones when we used to swap them on the train home haha. okay okay i'm going 
@ratcliffe Supanet is as bad and we are tied into a 2 year contract with them. One year to go 
@derekmortimer I'm going to find out if any of my new neighbors run un-secure networks. Failing that, a PAYG dongle, no gaming though 
Waiting for a UPS Sticker so I can send my Xbox to Microsoft 
was searching for Twitter Mobile Application for My Nokia 5320 phone, but twitter has not released it yet.. 
plucking up courage to go back into battle with Vodafone disconnections... 
only got 4 hours of sleep last night   because i thought Fios was coming at 8am but now they called me and said their comin at 1pm  wtf
Loud storm at 3 am-Possibly more to come. I'll be dodging storms to get to grocery, after FedEx delivers a package. No not a new MacBook 
@Girlfrmedc The old Sony office aint what is use to be 
restore appears to have installed 3.0 - still syncing all my stuff back to phone. Tethering gives the &quot;ask OPTUS&quot; message for virgin 
Nokia India http://www.nokia.co.in/find-products does not have a single flip/clamshell phone!! Damn. Nokia never had a good flip phone 
After almost three years working as an Actuate programmer for IBM today is my final day as an employee.  No farewell lunch.  
@micgamer16 I'd quite like it but my INQ1 still has about 14 months on it 
Changed out my headlights, now there is another bulb blown. I think my VW rabbit hates me 
lost my keys after giving the VW shop the car key 
At the Toyota dealership to get my car fixed. They're going to ream me.  #fb
WAHMs: Worth it to reactivate my Dell laptop's service plan? I was busy having a baby, let it lapse &amp; now I have to pay an extra $100 
@ruyoung oh man is it a VIA train?  Their WiFi is horrible 
@chrispirillo I'm anxiously watching the FedEx tracking site, anticipating the delivery late in the afternoon for mine. 
Husband has found sports radio on the XM radio in the Nissan Hybrid 
MY UPS is beeping incessantly. I think it's about to die. 
@benpike but i stream a lot of music to my iphone from my desktop through my 192 network.  EVDO would be a lot less efficient 
I was really hoping that the Fedex guy would come around 11 so I could spend some time with my computer before work.  8.5 hours of hell.
chatting with my sister via YM.  Skype's not working in Oman... 
I feel so left out not having an iphone.  There's no such thing as a 3.0 update for a HTC ToUCHpro 
@foulmonkeys I did t want to wake up early today so I am trying Fedex. I don't think it have arrive yet 
Off to work with no new iphone maybe I can get one in Mobile this weekend!  #fb
@khouryrt I wish I had an N97 to drop  Stoopid douche-y Kuwait Nokia people lol
starvingggg. going to Verizon to see if I can get my phone replaced. I don't wanna go out in the hot &amp; humid weather though  siiiiick.
The UPS man 2+ hours late compared to his usual drop off.  Of course, b/c I am waiting for MY stuff.  Amazon didn't come today either 
i wish i were british, or in britain atleast, to be there when HP related stuff happens 
Disconnected my Verizon biz account today. They make it so difficult it felt good to get rid of them. I do not suggest Verizon, ppl! 
I wish I could get rid of the &quot;sent from my Verizon Wireless Blackberry&quot; signature on BB emails. But VZW has it locked. 
 everyone is beating us on the Latitude race, and the M25 is now slow
@furan Now if only Sony could learn to do that 
@deepaknautiyal in bangalore dude, how is life in gurgaon.... now i am feeling jealous  missing NCR...
@bitbrit Its driving me nuts waiting for ultrasn0w... I need the unlock for Voda 
@nicolespag Qwest has definitely slid downhill in the last few years. They've screwed me too so I feel your pain. 
has been fighting a Cisco network adapter all night long 
right i AM going out tomorrow apparently to Staples... 
My Toshiba laptop has developed a problem. It overheats and shuts down suddenly without warning. 
@MrRickyBell I have iphone envy at the moment...wanna get one but I'm not leaving Verizon for it 
@LeMadChef Unfortunately the Palm Pre is with Sprint. I've got Verizon and really don't plan on switching - so blah 
This really stinks! Qwest wont have my new modem to me until tues. 6-23. I now have to rely on WIFI hotspots to update my peeps 
@trevnupe mine is acting up!!! UUURGH! I wanna enjoy the finer things in life too but T-Mobile won't let me!  smh
Heard the new iPhone 3S is truly much faster.  Now only if they would let Sprint carry it.    #iphone
@colemanotoole had to switch providers  Waiting patiently for Verizon to get iphone...
I want the LG Reveal or the Motorola Hint, but neither are at Solo Mobile.  I want the HTC Dream or iPhone too, but no GSM for Bell yet!
Spent 45 minutes updating Nokia phone software. After that, everything looks same  #fail
@MzBBreezy I had this stupid Palm Centro and the whole thing f'd up on me. &amp; they couldnt get my numbers out 
2 hours and counting at the UPS store waiting on my phone  And I thought having it delivered would be convenient...
s video to RCA cable is not working 
@AnoopDoggDesai I want one so much but they don't work with T-Mobile yet 
Local ADSL2 exchange is full, so I'm paying the same price for slower speeds and less than half the downloads until a spot opens up 
My new fancy smoothscrolling Logitech mouse has unballanced scroll wheel. Rolls backward on its own after I let it go. 
Sprint network still not cooperating... No pics tweeted tonight either. 
@selders I want one BIG time... too bad they don't have it in Korea.   (blocked!)  new LG prada phone is looking pretty slick as an alt.
Bahhh lost power and UPS failed on CompOfDoom. Uptime record of 34 days 4 hours 
man I want that new iPhone  .............. one day Verizon, one day.
I did return my beloved Garmin GPS to Costco today. I LOVED it but it was starting to mix up it's left &amp; rights. Sad! 
Phone and DSL has been down all day 
@blogadda I have put 'rate my blog' gadget in my blog. And now it shows 'Forbidden' in an Airtel Broadband connection. 
@iAmJasonMott Instinct for the lose 
I've been extremely busy lately and haven't been keeping up on Tweeter lately  I'll do my best to keep you all informed on whats going on
@MickyFin Link for Ngage N97 doesn't work 
3:05am have to wake up early to go to Infineon tomorrow. still not tired 
but not feeling v inspired due to lack of comany 
My Mobile camera got kind of doomed.. I thought to buy a new camera phone.. now thinking different, Economic slowdown 
Internet is damn slow since last 2-3 days.. Not willing to blog at this speed!  Thinking to shoot off mail to BSNL guys! #BSNL #Fail
Costly day. Rs. 1250 (Sony dvd writer), Rs. 5990 (new Refrigerator), and some more shopping 
@claire_brewer ah, got one now, thanks. now if only i could get one that'd take my t-mobile SIM, so i could stop carrying two phones 
Another Dead SD2008 LinkSys /  Cisco Switch.  2 in a week. 
I've bought my gps. Garmin based on  everyone's recommendation. Princess says I'm spend thrift  but but I needed it right? Right everyone
#flylady trying to move on from the fact I didn't do my BBR.  DirecTV has free movie channels this weekend and I was up late watching tv. 
Just off phone w/ Verizon *AGAIN* &amp; was told tht TwitterBerry is what's fukkin my phone up  if so~why do they advertise it w/ my phone!?
At this rate I'll get my coffee. Netbook and Garmin having a fight 
Dad dragged me away from HP the Musical to go to the mall.  On the bright side, HP merch! lol
@fortyoneacres That's such bullshit.  I LOVE the Broadband card's flexibility, but I might switch back to DSL for unlimited browsing.
Resetting my Sony Vaio to factory setting. Sony told me to try that and if still having a problem, have to send back for service. 
So much for replacing my TomTom!  #iphone
@Dreamyeyes ohhhhh.. So hay 7araka ha?  we care.. Allot
Sprint network in 50320 == terrible 
Turns out Sprint, in an effort to dissuade changing carriers (or to be dicks) doesn't use sim cards.  Transferring numbers by hand = fail 
@allstate whoa... Allstate quoted me more than double what I pay at progressive 
I lost my Nokia 5800 
My Samsung 32&quot; telly has something wrong with it... There's a dark line down the right hand side, I suspect a lamp problem 
@keontefamous idk D: and I've been checking LG's website a lot for tour date's but they aren't up yet 
is back and is now certain thad EDGE doesnt work 
The switch to digital caused my TV to be all staticky when I play SMB. 
Aww!  @iFusion15 got off skype to finish the video...oh well...anything for a new brax2max video! :-D
i wanna go taylor swift concert in wembley!!!!! and miley in NEC but i cant afford miley 
Charger for my laptop has broke....gutted 
@rorys i've got the EDGE iphone, that recipe doesn't work for me 
 i want a iphone now lol, getting a tad bit jealous stupid 10 Month left on my Tmobile contract rawrrrr lol
I wish SLT ADSL was just a teeny bit faster so i can watch youtube videos properly 
My phone has twitter capabilities but is not a blackberry  it is the LG Envy 2 in a striking maroon color
BEA is working on... brushes. And packing. 
Just had to send my Canon G9 in for repair. The lens stopped retracting. I also sent my Nikon D200 in for cleaning.  #colaphotog
At the take that concert with the mrs. Mobile internet isnt working! Thanks o2. 
@gregleff  no kidding.  4 years.  &quot;time for an upgrade&quot;.   I assume your running a Centrino (first version)..     gotta step to a C2 w/pro
My Pentax K10D is only at $202 on eBay.   Five hours left.
Stranded  @ 5N before the 605 junction http://loopt.us/HFVtyA.t
@stormwarning lol we just got EDGE where I live 3 months ago. It's patchy though...so I'm still using GPRS a lot. 
rain ruins open sky Nokia party!...there's no people out there  what  I'm gonna do now? back to bed, sleep tight and wake up with smile ;)
I wish I could go watch NSN! 
today was a V E R Y hot day! i hate these hot days !  going to bed XO goodnight
@byerk I have Verizon and it was the VZ navigator that wasn't working! 
seems to be having less and less sleep since she left Staples.. thinking endlessly doesn't help her when she has a 47 hour week coming up 
@roystern09 no  silly Sony!
Setting up my XPERIA now. again, again ... 
@chansearrington I realize that. Went for E63. HSDPA and GPS weren't worth extra $ Just placed order - Nokia store says backordered 
My Nokia E71 isnt working. waaahhh! 
Comcast zip 21157 crawling since 1200 6/20. Reset modem and router, rebooted computers. Timed out sending note to support 
@JamieXVX I can get it going tomorrow. Router is in other room &amp; gf is asleep. 
@megsphotography Just an XSi...  But, I really like the 16-35mm lens... I can only hope to take the same pics as others...
@vuzed i'm learning (trying to learn) it for the 3rd tym..still no idea..to top dat,i cant understand WLL nd CDMA.. 
I want some Starbucks VIA 
@marigoholdings @samlodise's profile photo is my broken phone. I'm now using a old crappy Sony flip phone. Trying to find a 3Gs to buy. 
Mattel's makin' edward and bella dolls! How about the other characters?! 
Anyone know if @TomTom are going to release a #GPS unit with #Bluetooth PAN support? If not my next GPS could well be non- #TomTom 
Administrivia - travel &amp; filing - followed by attempt to find suitable replacement for now defunct Dell mini 8 which didn't get ordered 
is drooling over Canon DSLRs. -sigh- how I wish I have one 
OG yesteday Cedric died  I watched HP and cryed when he died 
wants to buy a Canon EOS 500D (Rebel T1i) 
Nokia E52 (or E55), I need you now 
What is the success rate of trying to recover images from a Sony memory stick when it says 'file error' ? Egypt photos in jeopardy! 
HATING OPTUS! they wont give me a new phone  eeeerrrrr. who wants to give me an iphone? haha
is in the middle of Philips presentation... Needs a new bout of inspiration to get to the end of it... 
I am insanely crazy mad!!! Cannot get my PC to recognize Sony trv950 on firewire... running Win7, and on laptop its XP sp2 
Cant wait for tomorrow, going up to at least 4mbit internet speed. I cant get ADSL2 at home, on a RIM/Pair Gain line 
Dell is going downhill. I  order a camera, it gets delayed by 2 months.  I cancel the order, then Dell ships it anyway. Now I have two. 
have midwife appt @ hospital 2morrow. *groan* still need 2 chase BT results tho from drs *double groan* 
@maddisondesigns Oh dear. Reminds me so much of my old Acer laptop. It cost me $1k over 5 yrs to keep it alive 
in phone-choosing hell and my contract doesn't even expire until August. damn you Sony Ericcsson Satio, Nokia 96 and HTC Touch diamond2. 
Working through a Dell chat session to solve a Vista problem -- day 2 
i wanna go buy those Nike plus shoes but idk how much they cost 
Another thing I'm bumping in to: Sigma weighs twice as much as the Canon... But sigma has the f2,8. Grrrr 
I bought the wrong SD card  ugh, I'll just get a new camera.. Panasonic? Casio? Sony? :?
@jamescary sold my camaro a year ago after some woman hit me.  I need another fast 500+ HP car again.
Listening to Maybach Music....in a Honda Accord. 
@SIM00N ha ha same and i should be revising 
@andrewlighten so return on investment for Nokia shareholders more important than all else, even if client is despotic nightmare regime? 
Tweeting from behind the wheel of a VW MICROBUS and I think I might cry. I want one so so bad 
Still can't find anyone from UPS to interview for my paper 
Appears there are no ADSL cost benefits from Telkom yet  http://digg.com/u16QGk
got a new phone.. LG Versa.. Old one started going crazy.. Wish Verizon had the iphone 
Kodak announced they no longer making kodachrome film today 
was war heute blos los mit der Cablecom. 
&quot;Computers!?  Aw, I thought it was candy!&quot; haha erikas reaction after seeing that new Dell commercial. I thought it was candy too 
probably hosed my sim card with my hackity hack ghetto sim spoofer thing. &quot;No SIM&quot; isn't fun 
@Belkin I'd trying to find solution for this problem, but the firmware doesn't support for Korea released version of N Wireless Router 
I would LOVE some LG12M right about now!!!!!!!! 
well great. someone went in my van n stole my lil enV2 phone i was gonna give my friend 
Oh no...Kodak to stop making Kodachrome after 74 years  http://bit.ly/4agvCU
tried T-Mobile G1 tonite, dunno why I couldn't login and thus didn't buy the phone... lemme try again tmr 
Great.! Software policy uninstalled Trend Micro slow virusscanner! Unfortunately Symantec has also been installed as an alternative 
anyone able to join BT Openzone using the 3GS ? I am beginning to wonder if I have a dud phone 
Just managed to wreck my Nokia phone by connecting it to the Nokia PC Suite. Now it won't even go on. 
Airtel Mobile Office not yet activated! 
Didn't realize that Verizon ships their phones through FedEx...they'll want a signature. No one's at home and my neighbor isn't either 
PTCL EVO still not activated 
Is going to attempt to talk to Dell about my cd/dvd drive. Wish me luck, this might take awhile. 
I'm actually dying without my laptop. Why is HP holding it hostage. 
@rhiannonrevolts at least your phone has a twitter client  Verizon sucks
Kodak set to retire Kodachrome film at the end of 2009 after 74 years ~ this is sad news indeed 
http://twitpic.com/87cdk - @armano - wish i could watch LIVE Community Panel with @peterkim Speakers from IBM, Deloitte, EMC... 
Sprint's not gonna be happy about the phone usage the rest of the week; I'm roaming down here 
Getting rid of all open requests so as to be available for CES design &amp; analysis  ... and Novartis 
After 74 glorious years, Kodak has announced the end of Kodachrome film - http://bit.ly/HHe9b 
Irony. In IEEE HQ, basement room named &quot;Morse&quot; pictures of Edison, Marconi, wireless pioneers.... WiFi but no cell reception down here 
@phpcodemonkey Ouch! I've not even opened my PAYG SIM, glad not to have to go through the activation hell again! 
#Vodacom Hsdpa is green..  signal not very good in wellington... the joys of GPRS!
I'm Having trouble uploading my run to Nike+ site  my new shoes felt really good tho 
@Jonasbrothers u all did an amazing job i watched on tv cause i could not come  luv u boyz XO &lt;3
i wanna see the HP stars, but I just can't how sad  HP fan 4ever, have all the books in dutch&amp;english &amp; have all the movies, f'ckin sucks
current wait at the ATT store for the new iPhone is 7-10 days. 
/me hates YAPC wireless networks 
Intel and Nokia together? My 6681 would still be slow 
My #Dell is still spontaneously freezing...what the heck! It's new, tech support thought it was fixed, and I don't know what else to do 
tight with ATT, fight night will have to wait until the weekend 
ugh my phone is acting like the devil right now...i'm gonna have to call Sprint  it's gonna take life...
@rogerogeroger any minute now!!!!! I'm sure my boss is getting sick of me asking if UPS has come. *looks out the window, again*  hurry!
@Alienware man my tweetdeck just doesnt update fast enough 
Trying to deal with crazy GE private tags today.  
[Nokia] should produce a GPS enabled NFC cell phone. Combining a GPS box in a truck 4 localization and a cell phone 4 data input is ... 
Awww... starrting to get sick of my Nokia job and today was just my second day 
@seancurtis  hmm, above avg batt would be nice, especially as its non-removable. think I'm paranoid as my HP batt fucked up after 1 year 
My stomach is hurting.   (hurry up Sprint people please!!!)
Just remembered the last episode of Quantum Leap... it was sad 
If only I could find my Canon for sale at a reasonable price 
I wonder if I screwed up using my au telstra SIM to activate this phone. I hope this doesn't come back to haunt me 
@mroemmelt I would not compare Apple to BMW... it's more like Porsche. ;-) But still, 20k on a 9 years old car with over 100tkm? Puh.... 
@Bringo if they'd release a 48GX I could finally replace the one that got stolen from work at Shell. 
R.I.P iRiver x20 4gb mp3 player. You will be missed. 
@FF40ish that's IBM for you 
Uploading the full presentation video from the Hero event, it's *huge* and my DSL upstream isn't particularly quick! 
Canon A530: &quot;Lens error, restart camera.&quot;  ... repeatedly ... 
@upandatthem are you serious.  you need to spend some time at MacTalk! Summary: Optus network is balls.
#Squarespace Should TOTALLY pick me. Because I want that Iphone. I'm stuck here with a broken down Sony Ericsson. Case is coming off 
@_Chappers_ I liked NTL's broadband actually 
is a permanent fixture @ Allianz. she even has her own user login details now. 
@TheGadgetShow I would like to get the N97, always been a Nokia fan, but not sure if O2 will stock it. 
In couple of hours.. tomorrow will be hitting the calendar again  Thankfully, I finally memorized Qwerty...
@acedtect To bad the Logitech MX1100 is left handed. I'm a righty, but for me the mouse is missing Bluetooth. 
Image Gallery on my N97 is totally screwed up, trying to add album art to tracks and they don't match? Hurry up with new FW Nokia 
omg, I forgot my pin-code for my SIM-card. And now I have to give the PUK-code and I don't know him 
worst car service experience with DSC Hyundai 
@BTToronto in the Beaches - and no BT. 
@evolsliek no and Dell just pushed it back 7 more days! 
@artagnon Vodafone pushes VAS down your throat, whether you want it or not.  The company is very bad in that area. Be careful.
@simplycharis @veggiebun Moov doesn't allow overseas access 
@FlickL; aw no babe, I don't work for Allianz, I work for KPMG lol, its just my main client  too involved!
N95 has gone to Nokia, will be gone for at least 3 weeks 
YAY Verizon's networks are down so looks like I may not even be able to get a new phone until tomorrow 
I need a new cell phone! Apparently dropping it into liquid isnt good for it hmmmm in figure  Wish I had a connection at Verizon lol
Mirs faaaaaaaaad 
I've seriously been pondering getting a 32 gb iPhone 3gs, but my contract with Verizon is not up till 9/2010. 
Catastrophic failure handled...   3/8 raid drives bit the dust at the same time....     hooray for backups!!! now to yell at HP Support.
Mourning the loss of my Canon i850, instead of replacing the printhead, I'll just go get a whole new printer, it's cheaper 
HTC Hero is here (in europe   ) http://bit.ly/pqla5
MY FONE IS NOT WORKING  i am so sad 
More computer delay!    You know, it's hard enough to spend that much money...Dell shouldn't give me so much to time to reconsider!
Whoa, apparently my Etys are coming back tomorrow! Strangely, they didn't charge me for repairs. Complimentary UPS shipping. Etymotic R. 
@Beogradoholik when I first got her, I was thinking of WeenKee or Oracle. But WeenKee is more cool and she has a real WinKey on her cage 
Nespresso in my office - present from my boss - damn this roXX... zeker nu! 
I am going to have to stop using &quot;Comcastic&quot; to mean bad things! The Comcast reps on twitter and the local office have been fantastic. 
FTTN dumped!! 40bill going to a FTTH network 
@mikenyff I do like the Sennheiser MKH415, it's an older 416 w/ 12v power; an adapter is needed to normal XLR. Amazing audio thx to eBay 
i have forgotten how much i love my Nokia N95-1 
Mobile Application services winning new clients for Dot Com Infoway  - http://tinyurl.com/dllgdl
@thekelliejane I used to love Quantum Leap! 
@HelenOster No no. I'm not ordering anything from Adorama, the Adorama I was talking about was a photo print shop in my city 
Wonderful people at Tesco Mobile have sorted out my phone. Am infinitely happy now  Hurray for Tesco Mobile!!!
@klinkie thanks, I was leaning towards the Samsung myself 
I'm getting the LG Viewty 2moz, hopefully! 
I just found out this morning; Computer Rangers is now a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner....not many small computer shops can say that! 
@DerrenLitten What is the software on the middle screen? I have used Adobe Premiere and Sony Vegas for amateur video making 
I *might* have a chance to attend BEA this year with a friend!! So excited 
@smescrater  Phone on DND and lock yer door then 
I talked to someone smart @ Sony... I feel like crying!!! 
is searching for a good theme for my Nokia 6600.  Sa dami ng themes, wla akong mapili. (lmao) http://plurk.com/p/n2vzd
@ubuntugeeks why not? This Acer is running fine 
@beckymimi welcome to the Tweeter nation 
@LookNoHands no, I took my NEW Acer Aspire One netbook that weighs in at 2.3 lbs 
Cisco's carbon footprint FREAKING HUGE? Fossil-fuel-fed-electronic-dependent machines! Eco-friendly? Chambers riding bike-generator!  Yes!
@num3yankfan I don't deal with them directly, my ISP needs does.  I remember Qwest having moments too, but at least they communicate 
With my phone? ;) via N96 stands  for Nokia N96   http://pikchur.com/0p5
Check this video out -- Sony Ericsson T707 http://tinyurl.com/dhhvzd this really cool abi new mobile 
@iEgg #Sprint is trying harder (normally)... and they are in process of rolling out G4 - awesome speeds faster than cable - will be nice 
heading out to the valley...weapon of choice? Nikon D90 
Enjoying Blip.fm on my daughters desktop PC....what a change from my Toshiba superfast laptop 
cant wait till VIA on tue. me and my diva chic neyce j is sooooo there  lol
@danphilpott my first modem was 28.8K.  My second was a Nortel 1MB DSL modem.  I'm a millenial, but only just barely 
Nokia N97 confirmed for Vodafone in July  
@roycheong1 Thanks!  I bring  a Panasonic Lumix LX-3, trying to improve my photography.
Said F-it and got a Canon 5d mark2 
@BT youve been in helsinki ? 
#Nespresso. What else? 
I think the new iPhone should have capacitive OLED multimedia / common controls on the right side, so apps can expose sleep controls 
showetime. then more HP  x
@walkaboutkiwi how'd the SAP go? 
loving playing with my new toy HP Photosmart. I am a deadset nerd man! (and am not being paid for this plug) 
@dylanparry Actually, we have a HP Mini Note 2133, my mistake  It has a Via C-7M CPU
@DTHouston99 LOL but imma girl and my phone makes me happy....I said I have an HTC tilt too for the 838 number 
@ksmithington Tesla was raised with a cat in the house, he should know better! 
@rainbowglow LOL not silly at all. Depends on the phone but usually in the menu settings. If Nokia under messaging, options, settings 
@mcuban hope you made it accross the riverwalk.. want to see you at Staples 
moving to @twrtzwrt to get a new lense for my Canon EOS 750 (without D) 
@chelseachan HP 6. I saw the movie preview and was like &quot;I so don't remember that part&quot; so now I'm reading it again. 
@xgothgoodiex miss you lots and lots baby girl i hope everythings going well!  XO
@aarthir I'm thinking of getting a Lenovo S10 for my sister. Or that's what I'm telling her. 
@ScottBourne Canon 24-70L currently saving for it 
proposal done, time for lunch, HP officejet j5508 printer working well 
Selling unneeded stuff. Someone wanting a NeXT workstation, or rare SGI, HP 712 'Gecko'? Or a nice, fast, G40 VW Polo? 
for those enjoying the Zoozoos in the Vodafone tv commercials during the IPL, here's more!  http://www.youtube.com/user/vodafoneipl
Currently watching Kamen Rider Agito...I know it's an old kamen rider series but it's kinda cool..but my fav is still kamen rider kabuto 
Available in may..... The Jawbone... 
@kursed @sidrajalil1132 first make sure you really have lost the SIM 
Award for a product I worked quite a lot on:  http://bit.ly/nfgLL -&gt; TomTom One XL IQ Routes Edition. One of our best yet 
@ssedro Thanks for the feedback. We'll look into this and try to improve your StarHub experience 
going downstairs to run on the treadmill...and watch BT  stupid rain tho....
Thanks to PM Ruddy I now have a brand new Canon Powershot G10 camera!  Sweet as  
@mobilephone2003 Yay, can't wait! 
is stunned that he now works for Oracle and has no idea what this will mean to his job 
@vijayanands : got it at Oracle site 
@jqrd ehehe  I think I agree. but I read some article that I can't find that doomed something of sun, if IBM bought it.
@nanpalmero Uncooked rice?  Is this remedy sanctioned by RIM? 
Oracle buys Sun Microsystems for $7.4 billion. In your face, IBM! 
@drewb I'm trying to drop caffeine intake not increase it  finally they've got rid of that terrible T-Mobile pay-per-session deal
@serge_a_storms @Jothmeister finally Oracle owns a real database 
Playing with my FREE Sanyo Xacti c/o Reader's Digest photo competition 
@jeffnolan Agreed...although I think this deal following IBM punt makes for good psychoanalysis 
So now I have the PTCL BroadBand connection as well. I'll keep Worldcall as my backup ISP.... Lets see how things turn out with PTCL BB 
@nesarajah so far they have done well with the BEA/stellant/siebel/peoplesoft acquisition. That's why sun's board quickly said yes. 
@littlemissmerry Your not stuck there, you can up any leave any time you want  I actually reckon you will be much better off with Oracle!
Bed at 3.30am and then woken at 7.30am when new toy (HP DV2-1035EA) delivered 2 weeks earlier than anticipated  http://snurl.com/gcitj
is off to the Ghetto for a meeting in 2 hours.. got my Sony Ericsson X1 ready as self defence 
@brilliantcorner no i don't have a prototype, today at Nokia HQ we have a little expo showing off our latest devices and the Ovi Store 
Got a new old fashion phone. A Sony Ericsson k320i. Missing my iPhone already. But at least I am now reachable 
@edwinyap @tiensoon @cupnoodles heard HP mini heat up pretty fast wor .. 
I'm overwhelmed at the number of hits my blog got as of now. Lots of people reading my lomo reviews and looking for Vivitar lookalikes 
@cathy7070 I just bought a Panasonic Lumix.... it has the most powerful zoom ever for a digicam omg 10x optical zoom!!! I'm happy with it 
@docjstrange That sucks seriously... time to nudge David a bit. I've got a cure for your Canon blues... Nikon 
@robscotford What? Gods got a shit Nissan! Ace! And if thats his way, the answer might be a solid 'not yet!' 
@bensummers remember the &quot;how to save $500000 by installing Oracle in an rcapped zone&quot; slides at LOSUG? Oops 
Eyetracking today with #Tobii - always interesting to see what the users are really up to  Some good and varied results.
@binnyva lol  Oracle is acquiring everything...what next?
@BeHealing That's cool   I just ordered the Archangel Oracle cards...are those the ones U use or R there others?
@PaulMichaelTM  T-Mobile stores might have part time, you'd have to check T-Mobile.com  I think you'd like it if you're service driven! 
@GabezRosales  &lt;33 i don't like amazing blahblah. ripoff~ though, Wizards is also a ripoff of HP.
at the #Vodafone #MobileWidgetCamp 
@stephenhubbard wow what a nice comment. i need a better job  if Nissan hires me I'd take it.
@misspentlife Are you looking for new Nokia? Here's some brand new stuf 4 u: http://tinyurl.com/cyz4so and http://tinyurl.com/caoycs 
@JKsGirlx2  don't even worry about it. I'm just teasing. I did get desperate though and went back and re-read BT. 
@sharonluvscats I will!  Am working on a BEA wish list post now 
Today i completed 2 years in AdventNet 
At #bootstrapmd, @corbett3000 says &quot;Comcast still sucks&quot; when talking about the @comcastcares example. Comcast, you're still not there. 
Podio speakered PMP for cyclists sure to cause accidents, impromptu dance parties... till they get stolen, that is   http://tinyurl.c...
On board plane. Love the USB, Ethernet &amp; power outlets in SIA economy class. Wearing INSEAD Africa tshirt &amp; ppl r speaking French to me! 
@mandymuggle ONE LAST UPDATE... they seem to be having an HP marathon on CBC where I am, all the time. Which is many kinds of awesome. 
@davidismyangel omg Sirius!!  i love when you find out he's innocent!
@UnlimitedPlay I'm sure its going to get worse for me... I'm doing Tweeter just for research. 
Looking at the Nokia Image Exchange site, it clearly resembles OVI in the way of stayle, and toolbar.  I hope it gets integrated with OVI 
joined Decho 
@purple switch it off and switch it back on again. If no better send them to the Dell site from your affiliate link 
Cool, I'm not the only crazy person bringing an Ubuntu Dell Mini9 to class 
At Starbucks. Checking the SIP forums. 
wireless is working!!!! 
LG Xenon!  &lt;3 may 17th!
I just came up with a hilarious Reebok commercial.  I'm gonna try to shoot it on spec next weekend.  Watch how fast this turn around is 
Alienware 
Watching Quantum Leap. 
is enjoying his HTC Touch Diamond2, what a nice phone 
@hullywood_bound http://twitpic.com/4it11 p.s. this my kitty VIA skype 
@RealWorldCara @K_raz_Kris or you guys could get the LG Voyager  I love mine.
@wendyperrin I am a subscriber 
Thanks for all mother-in-law netbook suggestions. I think Acer Aspire One in pink it is. 
@SashaKane I am absolutely craving a brownie with ice cream right now. FedEx some over! 
likes the reports from testers of his new package for Synology diskstations  http://plurk.com/p/ror5d
new golf VI TSi 160HP is fast! 
http://twitpic.com/4jcwm - YES, my #ubook Lenovo T400 finally arrived!  
up late last night  .... Oracle from 8 to 4:30
@WorkInColour It was a pain worse then death!  The Dell is just a boat anchor with a power cord or a very ugly paperweight!
@gulpanag Tataindicom is not as good as Tatasky  Airtel broadband is better.
Intel gfx driver situation much better with recent upgrades. kernel 2.6.30rc4 and driver from git: Suspend working again, fewer mem leaks 
Caps lost. ARGH! But HP game evening was much fun 
Selling my laptop for CHEAP if anyone's interested!  17&quot; Toshiba 1.3gig ram 
@devbanana nice! no idea about C++. try IBM's TTS works great IMO. 
@LaniNicole Yeh yeh. I would switch to Cingular, but I have more friends on T-Mobile. Free minutes, yo. 
@samthepenguin Wowza o____O you went the whole hog then 
Installed NetGear 802.11n (draft) router today, throughput has definately increased 
@Orcon DMed you. 
test test from the LG enV2 
@firequinito 105-all SMB possession 33.4 sec remaining. 
@21five would love to hear all of this from a Nokia perspective... 
is going to church and then up north in da' ghetto to spend time with old people...  :O i gotta do my homework up there!!! &gt;XO me bad...
@nosuchuser ask them about WiMax 
i will gonna twitter from my desktop or my notebook until i have my new 3G Moble phone  in 2 weeks
@RihannaOfficial I like your Nike towel.  it could be a LOT worse. don't sweat it! xo
@Stavhp I already have a bulky desktop: I just want something slim and light  (SSD = yay!) &quot;Customer service&quot; from the Genius was awful.
@swilliams - too bad it's for a Nikon 
Kurt Moody packed the #Citrix booth at #teched. It also helps when Microsoft serves alcohol   http://twitpic.com/50s3i
I'm not 100% sure but it looks like someone used my name to buy a pimped out Dell computer. I have the order and tracking info though. 
@UserVoiceHQ I should also say I am an absolute advocate of your type of service,have seen what it did for Dell etc. 
@seanmarclee Makes me want to upgrade to a 1080p DLP projector 
@thinkmorepink it's a 1971 VW beattle. I think it's supposed to breakdown. 
SPB Mobile Shell 3.1 beta is really great. I thought nothing was better than Touch Flo 3D, but this does give good competition. 
Finished with my tinola and ricee  about to get in the shower tho , tootles . XO
No sign of any telco at the HTC magic launch. Hmm... Available to all 3 telco in Singapore? 
@gameOVERdose  Direct message me your home number and we can do that if you want  Mobile's still locked and lost all numbers :/
My new Swatch watch   http://twitpic.com/556bx
@thegreatgonzo HP 702 looks decent - I assume you've already resigned yourself to the noddy trackpad 
@AldhyZ I don't work in Sony, I got no special connections. I work very very hard &amp; I got lucky. But its really more hard work than luck. 
imeem Mobile is now on app store. 
@stevengevers I want a BB with 3G, Wi-Fi, BT &amp;, if possible, GPS. I think the Bold is good but I've heard rumours of a newer model coming 
@amitu there is thin line between monopoly and business strategy ... I feel Intel is the victim here 
@Schloon nah, fortunately my downlink on DSL is a bit faster  and this is for the worst case, getting the data back AT ALL is what I want
FYI Wildblue internet sucks  barely faster than dialup...have to switch to cable...
For @sammachin Yes. Latitude is  an out of the box experience on the HTC Magic!... 
Right I better move along swiftly n get back to work b4 these Nokia chumps convert me, tweet u all later 
Patienly waiting for Sony to call  looking online for wardrobe for next weeks group photoshoot. Trying to reply to all messages sent 2 us
funny way for Tweeter placing a link (see bellow). For a moment I believe that somebody messed with me 
@SHARY20 just one for now  Nikon D200 and a bunch of lenses.
i miss MSNBC (and more). am i shameful for not using a cable box or is Cablevision shameful for... well being Cablevision? MORE READING 
I posted a bunch of pictures from my trip to Maxis studio, check it out   http://forum.spore.com/jforum/posts/list/28691.page
prefers cedric diggory to edward cullen &amp; can't wait for the 6th HP movie!! 
@sheldonpenner I sure have!    What would you like to know.  I'm a veritable fount of information on Vidyo.
@tksb15 tell KT i said hi!! 
@Juniper562  I had a great day as well 
just got home from Mobile. had a good time reffing. ready to actually skate again next weekend though!!!!! 
@Pimplepopper Haha, so what kept you on the Nikon bandwagon? 
@boomdelirium - yes - we have changed from GIU to NEC 
@karenbalce Curve, I think! Verizon promo  Ako, I want any phone as long as it has a qwerty keypad )
LG KS360, LG KT610 are the possible choices. 
Unpacking my new HP Pavilion dv5-1150ei 
the blog is growing steadily now, keep them visits coming people  All the latest Nokia S60 Apps, news and reviews @ http://bit.ly/lMa53
Just noticed I'm traveling on A1 highway and roaming on A1 Mobile! 
http://twitpic.com/5czi2 - @andyclemmensen @shaundiviney @bradiewebbstack - see what magical things HSPA does. 
Finally picked up my Nikon D60 
@bavster_twit yeah tried them... convenient uplift is the issue.. i think i'll take them to staples - never had any issues with DHL 
@jkimlosangeles If you have Comcast, connect with @ShaunaCausey for advice on the MLB channel. 
@alexalbrecht Just get one of the new Canon dSLRs that can do 1080p video and a couple good lenses. 
Nokia 5800: Easy Touch != Multi Touch 
That Adidas commercial with the kick ass house party looks so awesome. Now THAT'S  a party I want to be at 
@cmorbutt i do have a Targus backpack for notebook . 
@pimpmysales I would be, if only #Nokia would make such thing 
That free Ericsson laptop hoax email is doing the rounds again. Now somebody have a face full of eggs, courtesy of the local BOFH 
Is the Nokia E63 a better phone than the INQ?  Yes, I am in the market for a new mobile phone. 
@pipupipu That's twitter client for Nokia fones 
@pimplywimp My coworker is in the same VW commercial as you, her name is katie..she got to jump around in the moon bounce 
@hp_touchsmart Future advanced CIA-like software running on a Vista interface - means I can always use my current HP machine  #touchsmart
@GeorgeRumsey home button didnt work on the first one, screen wasnt fitted properly on the second, third one is ok  hows HP?
Looking for a new Dell Inspirion 1520 
My god that was a busy weekend, I'm more tired now that when it began. The ATT convention was insanely busy, drained me 
@natwallbank yeah, it's the file format, it requires a tiny plugin, but the other two dont, but the Kodak is rubbish! the flip will do me 
is heading to Taipei to hack Forth for OLPC 1.5 A-test hardware bringup! time to learn how it's really done  lucky me!
well im celebrating the release of my new Pure Tool theme pack. found @ LG-VU.com it is a friggin masterpeice and a work of art. im very 
@missrachilli Not that much  It'd really just be a 'good quality snaps' sort of thing. Portability is the key as I've already got an SLR.
@mk3raawr Lol sorry babe. I've got a camera now so if you were going to bring your Canon, it's all good 
@jenifel Lol. I'm an unabashed HP fan  It may be unhealthy, but at least I'm reading!
@nosnibor meetings with Sony Ericsson in Lund tomorrow and with the head of Mobile dev at Mozilla in Copenhagen today 
@bateszi thanks! downloading at the speed of... well, whatever the speed of this crappy ADSL is. will repay the favour later. 
I hate to leave but I have to do what I have to do!!! bbl ATT! 
@RichardCarter could be a challenge as its on my Aspire netbook - not tried screenshots on there before - will see what i can do tonight 
@nimbuzz It works fine now, thanks  I think it was Wi-Fi problem. My phone is Nokia 5800, Nimbuzz 2.0.0.1356
My new D90 Nikon has arrived 
is in a meeting regarding GSM postpaid launch 
Dell Laptop Explodes on Chaser http://is.gd/AYd1 really no laughing matter 
@DonnieWahlberg I will be there next time... so make it happen!  XO
Sprint review now #SCRUM 1 sprint down 5 or 6 to go 
Looking for stuffs (books, bags, shoes, etc.) on the internet. I wanna buy them aaaaaaaall. @-) | Currently viewing Nike.com 
@sidrajalil1132 Also check out Symbian smartphones like Nokia 5320XM or the  5MegaPixel Nokia 6220Classic. Both in same price range 
@jrobichess thanks - I can't afford the HTC at all, though 
@tyfach I loooove my Sony Alpha 200. Slowly learning the settings. Always have it with me, am quite addicted 
@vkoser HTC Touch Diamond - may have another look at the manual (imagine that  ) in case I have missed it, Thx
@flyddw Never did the Hackintosh...put Win 7 on my Dell Mini and never looked back.  Its that good 
@PhotogNews Not again! Sony just made it more difficult for me to choose a camera upgrade. 
Should be at EMC World right now.  JasonC make sure you learn something.  #EMCWORLD
@lidewij Yes, I had no idea as well until I started reading the HP article on wikipedia earlier. 
http://twitpic.com/5fbhh HTC Touch one of my favorite cellphone ! 
thoughts on HTC touch &amp; magic? keeping my eyes peeled for a new phone 
@brainpicker I led the Beautiful Connections project for Nokia - your point about Flash is valid, but glad you appreciated it generally 
Currently tethering from iPhone, because I am switching from AT&amp;T DSL to Comcast Cable  hopefully I get faster internet
WLAN is finally working. YAY 
@KT_93 old enough  lol you??
@willyfoo ill bring my mobile charger as well, so i can do a Qik Stream. seems to work well yesterday.  #ctu09sg
Finishing the last Verizon job of the week. Home tomorrow. 
yayyyyyyyyyyyyy! i finally got my laptop back  i hope it dosent stop working again.. damn HP
@Anniegolightly Nikon F, Canon FTb, Hasselblad 500C/M, Mamiya M645, + film for each, Polaroid film for my SX-70, light meter, etc. 
a regional affilate from Vodafone called and was apologetic for yesterday's treatment by the customer care. I could've asked for a waiver 
@maikeru76 I used to run F-secure on my Nokia E61i. But I've stuffed too many apps in it so had to remove F-secure to make way for more. 
@Newmarket ????IBM???????????????????????????????????????? 
@JoeBaguley Gartner is the custodian of our industry's vocabulary - as my son would say, just deal with it man 
http://twitpic.com/5okeg - hmmm, I mean Internode and not the pub in the foreground 
Breathing the rain's scent, playing w/ my cat, listening to Canon 
@SterielVinyl haha something like that yeah - btw, WPP is here again - plaatjes kijken! 
@annbid I'm considering Nokia E71, Nokia 5800 and Nokia E75... Got a thing for Nokia... Last one too expensive?  http://is.gd/CjMb
@Fatzers it's a shame that there doesn't seem to be a genuine official Nokia twitter. It's an ace vid, which should have lots of viewers 
@Padmasree Yeah, TelePresence is so dammed cool  Check out, what we did for Cisco Expo Germany 2009 at youtube.com/watch?v=SDKsaSlz4Mk
@nearerdark haha you're too kind  and yeah if Nokia wants to live through these harsh times they really should start tweetin' asap....
Looking for the best and most cost-effective way to access twitter from a Nokia phone... suggestions welcome 
on my luchbreak &amp; fixed my ipod current mood  better then this morning   but the XO are still welcome
If you have a Nokia smartphone, jibjib is by far the best twitter client for it. Supports twitpic directly from the camera  #JAFFACAKES
Is the LG Renoir the best non smartphone ?, i believe it is 
@aaronaiken np  Couldn't forget my funny early morning Tweeter  
@Pixelgun ~ just kidding ya...but there are just some movies i 'have' to see on the big screen (DLP)... 
ArtRage: 1) Lightning fast, realtime draw response. 2) Pencils. 3) Eraser on Wacom stylus works right.  I love this 'ware 
Maybe I'll go for the Nokia 5800  , is not ipod and has wifi 
My trusty Nikon d300 is still up for sale, anyone know someone who wants one? 
Yay waiting on UPS to pick up my iPhone then I get my new one 
Ziggo fixed the problem. The kids can watch TV again. 
Looks like Kia Joorabchian is gonna be in town 
just got myself a Nespresso machine and a shit load of coffee!!! 
@johncmayer ~ I've totally done the same thing before (i.e., trash your tweet and re-write ~ lol  XO
http://bit.ly/i9dip  - fantastic T Mobile ad  Makes you smile!
@jp_murphy We both one a HTC Magic each, which is the new Android phone that Vodafone are carrying   We're both quite chuffed 
@LittleLaura @watfordgap I still have a working Nokia 5110 and an early WAP browser phone I had for a year before I knew what that meant 
@mthreestudio @billholland, thanks!  Sandisk it is, I like rebates 
@heathr That's pretty awesome  You should get FiOS, they have a lot of videos with instructions. I'm not sure how instructional they are.
the definition of #smbmsp (and all SMBs) from the founder made sense. i think the problem here is me... 
Oh yes! I was also identified as an &quot;IBM social software power user&quot; 
@allisonzapata i will be skipping the boating and jet skiing this weekend.  but at least i'll be there....on the water  XO
Having lunch with former co-workers at UPS...yes we're all still friends 
@virginamerica That's right, Virgin America has Wi-Fi available on every seat on every flight. cant wait to fly virgin again! DISNEY 
@GuamGuy I still have an Psion Series 7 running Epoc #Symbian I have to buy a charger though and see if it still works 
@grifthorse I got my IBM rejection letter just now 
@ScottAllen C u use Tweetdeck Now if only I could use it w/my Sprint Wireless &quot;unlimited&quot; acct capped @ 5 GB/mo 
@kevinaires Dave is great!  Please tell him hello from his friends at IBM Almaden 
Theres a MLTM song on my Zune that i downloaded from youtube and for some reason, the title is 'std_67937891' i like the std part. 
@FirefighterGeek Exactly. That's what I've been doing. MiFi + Eye-Fi = instant uploads from anywhere ;-) I should copyright that 
@iPanoramic360 no problem  I know it's complicated to put gps on canon, you should switch to Nikon lol 
Thanks Telecom for the customers you gave us today, and for kicking me out of your store when I was in my Vodafone Uniform 
@vsagarv okay, so let me put it in the words of the Cisco's padmashree - Its for people born aftr 1980, who can catch these things faster 
@SCOTNESS He doesn't get reception with Vodafone out where he is... and I hate Telstra with a passion. 
@snarkle Thanks   Do you know much about the iinet naked DSL plans with VOIP?
@jldavid Hawaii rocks! hmm... thinking HTA should help u convince Microsoft to move conferences here eh? it helps w/ employee morale no? 
chatting with booboo about relaxing..need to move my ars and get ready to head down to Nike this afternoon! 
can't wait for E3, i'm hoping Sony takes the show!! 
@davidcharvet for your info: just posted the translation of the Sirius interview for your fans. 36' audio file once edited lol but great 
bidding on a brand new iHome clock radio for my iPhone when i get it in 2 weeks. Price is One Dollar, 4 cents.  So far. 2.5 days left.
... is wondering how many times he should write that the new Dell Latitude 2100 looks awesome before he gets one for free from Dell 
Going to Sonaecom... maybe today I get there without being bitten 
@dannsimmons sounds great, i am looking forward to the arrival of the SE Idou or what ever they decide to call it. 
Playing a cool surgery game in NDS 
Oh, and: I ordered a graphics tablet today. Nothing overly fancy, a Wacom Bamboo One - just to get a feel for it 
@pheebs2000 if you have wireless you can 
