Most common words for this cluster:
[('place', 928), ('lol', 30), ('places', 26), ('time', 24), ('home', 24), ('haha', 23), ('http', 22), ('com', 20), ('spot', 20), ('u', 16), ('day', 13), ('night', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'place', 0.9273931980133057), (u'places', 0.5883204936981201), (u'palce', 0.5715336799621582), (u'Sharleen_Spiteri_ilikemusic', 0.5547770857810974), (u'spot', 0.5525205135345459), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.5182242393493652), (u'MAAD_article', 0.5097643136978149), (u'someplace', 0.5019146800041199), (u'ours_Sanville', 0.49926117062568665), (u'sanctuary_DellaBianca', 0.49904561042785645)]





And somehow I still end up in this place 
@jennnnie yes, and the next project's wool is hiding from me...it was there on friday when i went to craig's place 
hoping my new kitten is well - as she isn't eating or drinking - hopefully just stress of a new place 
i hate the new facebook look either! so messy and everything is all over the place! i want the old one back! 
is not at all excited about packing (all over again) and putting up at someone else's place. 
I'm so hungry, but the only place to eat right now is the bakery... there goes the workout 
@wisls OUCH   I suppose a trite motivational quote would be out of place right now ...
@perezhilton you should come over to my place for drinks. Just kidding I'm not 21 
@xkelly_chaosx omg that place  that's really sad what happened
@BT  you are touring every place to place
It's a new day and I couldn't be feeling better. I'm in a very good place right now and I don't want this feeling to end 
danielle is leaving my place at 10:00  
@freeintegrated I'm really really really ready to move N2 my place........  
why wont the fanfic place send me the password :S:S:S 
Finding a place is hard 
@LinlinSWE it is my burger place 
is not in a happy place  ...
exam panic begins now? plz just let everything fall into place 
@giagiagia You're lucky you're in a very cold place.  I'm meltingggg.
@amazingphoebe yeah, i did think that, maybe you should have been unforgiving in the first place  you could hurt me that much, you could
@brettison yes takes you away to a special place &amp; then beats your head in with a baseball bat! 
@briankeithdiaz when et started twittering about octomom i felt like the best hiding place on the playground had been compromised. 
@sineadskinner poor u   started at my flat went to a cocktail place then lock tavern then went to our friends house to listen to music!
considering going to the airport buti dout i can  not fair i wanna leave this place for a while. but juvi in japan is not the place
@williams1 the maldives are a very hard place to leave 
@caninez haha I should! I just have to find a empty place to put it.. 'cept the neighborhood I would live in.. doesn't have any 
I'm looking for a happy place amidst the chaos that will happen in... 1... 2... weeks. 
My revision would be going so much better, if id learnt the stuff in the first place 
adding learn how to thread serger on the to do list.  Should have done this in the first place! Out of thread in the middle of a project. 
i was so excited because it said that we the kings were following me.. but it was just some stupid place for free ringtones 
@markc There was a good burger place there... like to the right of mc'ds... but they closed 
is wishing she wasnt leaving so everything could work out with youuuuu, maybeeeee another time another place 
@Lovelandvamp when she told me there are no ribbons, they all just get 1st place....so lame  
i think im 2 young to be @ this place 
This place is cold 
I'm going to miss this place 
Staying overnight at grandparents' place. @THEJETSETLIFE I want your kwento &amp; @PULLINGTEEETH I'm going to miss you so much! 
@Milplace LOL, no place where I can find you LOL I miss  you  hurry up and get intergrated!!!
@rajasa - *sighs* There goes one place less... 
Why do I seem to get more sleep in this place then home    L: work - http://mobypicture.com/?duzy3i
time to get ready to go to that place and I'm not even completely awake yet 
off to wrk for a day ful of boring.  i hate tht place haha
trying to look at the bright side of my fort still being in place... means no one is getting their orders when im not here 
I would love nothing more than to go to bed right now. Sadly, the only place I will be going is work. 
@SirJHenry 2nd place 
well looks like i went out in sixth place. so much for the hundred bucks i coulda won 
@krystyl Curses! I missed out on the post move dinner.   Anyways your new place seems far more awesome than the previous one.
@DGPerth two fat indians! great food..miss that place 
@birdblogger worried here normally in the evening we could watch as they went back &amp; forward feeding some nests need rebuilt in one place 
@inositle We hid it in a very very sneaky spot. And no, it doesn't really work yet. 
@emzyjonas tbh; i dont know! We got it from an adoption place, cant remember. awh i have a cat. it drives me mental   i want a rabbit :o
My favorite place to eat closed 
This was supposed to be a relaxing weekend  instead I am running around all over the the place and cleaning my apartment.
@hallapunk haha I know  there used to be this place in the mall where they sold cheese fries but it died. :[[[
attempting to clean up my friends place because she is very sick 
sry yall but we cant all live in a socially acceptable place like brklyn 
@lilllyy is it because i'm not at your place anymore  i'm sad also then!
@leoromanovsky I am not sure why this tweet is not @ me... It totally puts me in my place 
@nadineseq why aargh!? also tried calling u yesterday to ask u if i could go to ure place  sigh! how was delhi? and when are we doing ivy?
blaaahhh... folding and organizing all my clothes at my new place.. woot.. 
@micol521 same to my place ..  one small area
I need a place to live!! 
damn!! headache is back i think its cause of this heat its very hot this ac is taking too long cool this place 
If only a pizza place were open right now. 
and im walking places  wheres my brolleyyyyyyy?
This place has become suddenly @veryboring 
now for laundry and to clean the place......   not sooo much fun
I'm upset that the sushi place assumed I had a date and gave me two of everything. 
bad news i didn't 1st place  at the battle of the lyricist.
if there was any place in the world i could be in right now it would be in the cotswolds, near a fireplace with my family. i miss it 
I'm at some sketchy ass place right now freakin out wishing my MissShergold was here 
@coreygans -  i bet they didn't tell you that when you bought the place!  that suuuucks!
I.. I don't think I am really okay with the events that took place earlier tonight... mental scarring ftl.. 
As I lay my head down one last time in my house I can't help but think back to all the fun we've had. I will miss this place 
wondering how to kill time in in-laws place  .. as last resort turned to this..
@kiarastack working saturday  might try change shifts need to get away from that place for a while
Bad nights sleep @kay_way 's place. 
says that he must go back to his place now, far away from home.. How sad.. 
#SanctuarySunday good morning @SherryFowler keep tweeting, we've fallen from 5th place 
stressed out!!!  ...No place to find to live and I have 2 weeks left 
@Tinascarlette  may she r.I.p she in a better place that's for sure!
Local beauty spot 
Hot tub party my place.....wish nal were here 
at my brother's place. forgot to bring wireless router to set up 
I really hate looking for another place to move to 
@caraalynn haha i would but i have no place to put one 
I want pizza, but no place is open!  
well dammit erry body i try to get to come on twitter says this place sucks i dont think it does 
I'm scared that things might not fall into place like how I wanted. 
on my way to the car... parked outside about the same place @fresrivo parked last visit together.. more or less 30min later than expected 
@twofivefour There was a 'Pirates!' pinball at the nearby putt-putt place, it was awesome! Then the place closed 
@whitsundays just looked at the housing site and just one place which is a first floor flat is anything ever going to come up 
@visitor9627 aw, and i don't come back until august either  but yeah, that place is really big! and I got the most adorable jewelry there
@tayshihui i've heard of that place! i also want to gooooo 
buggered up over the camden trip baaaaa! tis frigging city's fault for being so shite in the first place 
@candeelion i hate it that yall r moving!  but now we can come escape and hang out in the coolest place ever!
@_harold damn need vacation too!!! hopefully soon!!! too bad with the new place I'm broke 
N-e 1 speaks french here? I feel so outta place 
@rae165  i sorry... we'll go out when we're both in the same place at the same time lol
all dressed up and no place to go 
@tommcfly I sympathise with you.. I was in your place 2 weeks ago.. I can't believe you are still sick!! 
@kimberlimorgan I have so many many drawers in my new place but I kinda miss sharing with you 
At a buffalo wing place but can't eat cause I'm so fat!!! It's imposible to lose weight 
@janjan1979 no   i am currently down to just gong.  do you have any room at your place for melb?
i have the worlds biggest spot  i never get spots,i think i'm going to cry lol
my cousins are speaking DoTA speak. meh out of place again. 
wondering wat to do feeling low and out of place rght now 
looking for a place to donate my old NES games... i'll miss them so much 
feeling bored i wanna every one here @ my place 2 find a place of there own 
@fevberry I just cried to think that a place like that no longer exists...  lol
I am desperately trying to find a place to see that match 
wow I need to update more often I dn't have the net at my place  I'll get it soon 
at petey's and alex's place 
@cheyannejo I'm actually now in my place watching the history channel  I think I might go back into the hallway
trying to find a financially feasible way of escaping this place 
ugh doctors appt @ 1. I hate that place 
@ImWendy I threw ours out, but forgot to tie the bag and the kids found it....it is all over the place 
now i have no place to lay my foot on  i wonder who took it..
is preparing himself before going back to his own place.. 
2nd place  fail. 2 out suckout. That's poker. Thanks @thebecker for hosting the league.
this is not my place 
i want the place at margate 
@banerji1 sister until I could find a new place. I'm still finding things missing and atm I don't have the money to replace them 
@srhmae awesome! a place to stay when I travel the States! but I'll miss you though 
@RyanRoberts nope, no price for second place in the quiz 
I miss this place  http://tinyurl.com/ots9xu
@nickday i tend not to use them just on the off chance that i need to access my server from a place and i dont have my key with me 
was invited to ride mammoth looking thing, rode it into horrible place where I was droped for dead. I'm not. mental note, not again... 
@ToYKillAS U know it? funny  It was a place where I jogged but stadtwald is still better. To late, I've to write it in few hours 
Lydiia i missed you  why should you go ? who is going to make me laugh now ?nobody can takes your place.don't forget us . we love you (L)
@Xiane my connection too slow right now for utube  keep those daemons in their rightful place) .
Why do all the audioboo quizes by @stephenfry take place when I'm asleep? 
long day @ the honda place     but making some money   
hmm .. mom ? i dont think i really like this place 
new japanese place on the doorstep..........rubbish.  I had such high hopes 
@supercheekymonk An unhappy and cheeseless place 
i think one of the tubes in my amp is out. where's the cheapest place to fix this? never had to replace on before. 
@agentnoir you were right by my place! but I wasn't home 
@erialcgrove I missed those parts...  and please let's not refer to tomos beard as any kind of storage place. That's just scary.
@BrotherElijah hahah i've been dying for one of those slushies for years  but ive come to the conclusion that sonic is not a real place.
I wish I could took his place... 
@WinePorn Yes, that is my favorite place to be....I have one and since the $$ have been short...supply is decreasing 
@AlPerry I would have to ask @billlublin I don't remember the name  of the place. 
@omgitsafox, I wish I could help.  It's a tough place to be in.
Danm. The asian kid misspelled a word! He's forth place 
The only place I wanna be is next to him...why do I let myself do this to me  stupid feelings !!
http://twitpic.com/665e9 - i miss this place 
Lots of confusions I've at my work place.. 
@grum have you seen who's knocked you off top spot on wefollow for #perth?  
the mall i once worked at has turned into a very depressing place 
I made it six days in a row w/out an accident in the house and then pops took me to a strange place and didn't give me time after b-fast 
@mnemosynekurai haha yea, i just feel like its being taken the wrong direction, used to be a cool place, now its a mess 
wat a stressful week i jus hope everything falls into place 4me 
@thatchmaster i miss that place, but miss wegmans even more. whole foods != wegmans 
oh how I miss my truck... I could have my whole place moved by now...  
@murdeek  i met him! hes from where i live !!! he goes clubbing the same places lol! i dont get twittter 
I hate that place!  
@FreyaLynn dude fail.  i know exactly where this place is too 
@meldeschene arnold, california.  aka the best place ever...wish you could come with!!! 
wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even think, I know she's in a better place now 
can't believe I'm leaving this place tomorrow. 
@andyschwartz nah, i didn't actually sleep  the data recovery place called and woke me up
@DoMeZydrate I agree. I missed a LOT while I was away and busy and now it's like a whole new place 
packing is never ending  and when it does, i have to clean up a place i on't be using just so i don't have to pay someone else to clean it
At LIEBZ's place. It's all packed up for her journey. So sad. 
Needs a place to stay in phili for the nite 
@Steinsgrrl  It's such a shame losing a nice hangout place
When you're not playing and you're just looking around ... This place is sad 
@XxSceneOXx two places without me 
is very worried. parents went to sagada. dad txted landslides are all over the place.   http://plurk.com/p/x4glg
@beautymoogle i'll probably rant to blogger tonight but long story short, don't want to pay double rent so we listed the new place up too 
Morning all off to work today a little earlier  dam that place I have not missed!!!!
I feel horrible. i feel so out of place. 
failed to secure a place in urbanscapes 
Just got a puncture in the worst possible place, at the worst possible time 
wheres the best place to buy a laptop in this country? 
bored in this place in docklands with people i dont know 
we tried 30stm only got you as far as no2  touche those in 1,2,3 place
@nathanbweller i miss that    you need to come stay at the new place and we'll do that!
can think of only one place I want to be this morning, and it's not work. 
whitewash going on at my place...n the place is all mess....!! eh..! 
Where do you go? I want to go too. But everything far off from my place 
realllllly annoyed, bloody tattoo place 
where's my healthier place for my heart gone? 
@sventy its such a tempting weather outside.. but i am stuck at working place with thesis 
to the apartment i go with annie penny to help me pack so sad   i am going to miss that place
Our walkin freezer gets terrible reception but is the only place I don't feel naseous.  No tweets for u 
northampton is the place to be tonight...i have no one to go with  
@kerenshandrow was listening to wake durring my surgery. the phone fell on the way to recovery lost my place when the  batery popped out 
I hate this place. I'd rather be at the strawberry festival with kat 
Couldn't get a table at our first choice, so we had to make do with a white table  cloth place. 
@jessyfischer brian is back in town? why dont you call me???  i miss him too! is he in your place?
@b_club that's awesome!! But it stinx 4 me no internet @ old place as of last night and none @ the new place til tuesday 
Searching for a new place to live. I hate it! So many complications to deal with... 
just got back from petsmart and that place was a fiasco!  ugh, i can't believe i left my babies there 
@Bonedwarf  What place was this?
we came in last place!! lol 
@SandyMcIlree I know where. It's just a matter of whether or not someone found it cleaning the place. I'm 20 miles away... 
really wants her own place 
@Shardemonet some place in vegas . i didn't know you wanted to come .  daaaaaamn
i'm am feeling sore i cant do anything with out some place hurting meyyy 
@mortalwombat23 I actually don't think we have a mini-golf place in como. 
ooops I searched in the wrong place  
seems to have made a new friend!  taught her to spin!  I'll miss this place.  
@mariaalexandra snorkeling sounds awesome!! can I have some more details? time, place, transport, etc? I miss u girls 
loving my new place but missing the roomie. 
No reception in this place ugh 
@primrosegrace I had to move my kitty today  I can't take him at my place and my heart is completely shattered.
Wishes I was home... No place like home. 
1st nite @ my new place, and its mad lonely  i need some company!
In the new place...exhausted 
@dumbwhore exactly, they have their place but most mine are the annoying automated ones 
@pinklov3eselle but the head is in the wrong place...like it's hard to explain but it's just positioned wrong 
no fire tonight  i guess im going..well i am going to tacoma to crash at his place...
sadd cant go to cousins place 
The place I wish I was is not the place I need to be but I still wish I was there.. whoz with me ? !! Ughhhhhhh 
@TheLonelyGnome I must try the pan-fried cod next time then. Its just a shame that I live too far away from that place 
@BobbiATT18 oh i'm so sorry...  why did you decide to chabge it in the first place?
@ChelseaG83 oh no! that's horrible  is it popped back into place?
feels like take-away, but the only cafe/food place in my small town is closed for the weekend. 
sowi... i cant make it to ur place.. 
Pretty much finished moving...now begins cleanup at the old place.  
@carolingling @allyse2001 because i'm stuck between 2 places, and i want to move forward but i want to move backwards too. that's awkward 
:frankly, im fucking hate this place! 
@nifta I know my place 
@ssbohio Thanks for the well wishes - but they lost in the first round    It was too bad - they had second place record of 10 &amp; 2
is forever in the wrong place at the wrong time 
@daphnemaia oh no what unfortunate circumstances  i actually want to rent a whole place and share instead of renting a room!
sorting out a place to stay tonight, stressing 
@MotoGPreport is there a place online where they stream the races been looking since opening day  no luck
It's a bummer this place doesn't have waffles. 
mmm, 30 min. late, can't find the place 
@anijade I would love brunch!! However we aren't in the same place 
Its weird waking up in a new place and having no mom to make you breakfast 
@BeckyKingston  The worst place.
@nicfusion it would have been a good place for it 
I'm a real nowhere man waiting in my  nowhere place 
@TheGift107 everyone keeps talkn bout how great this place called smashburger is and I've never been 
@STARQH and i wont have the money to go out to that place again like we wanted to. 
I found these o so cute kittens and they look so scared and sad and I feel o so bad about it if I had my own place I would take them in 
i badly need a haircut. but my fav saloon closed down. and now i need to find a new place 
@MATTHARDYBRAND I love that palce but they don't have one by me anymore 
@LizzieMay32  I wish you were here  this place makes me sad
@dannymcfly do you want a place to stay in recife? my house is open, but you guys can't go 
@monaspeaks lol, i thought u didnt like that place. You made fun of me when i wore it 
Unfortunately I still don't have an apartment.  Just needed to move things to and from storage as I need to leave this place soon.
Moving the last of our crap. It is suddenly very crowded in the new place  Surprising what you can live without.
@hoffifer no it wasn't. last year was better b/c you were there with us! &amp; the place was bigger and there were more hot guys 
I just hung out with friends! i m watching wizards of waverly place. sigh.  i wish i had super powers
However a mess awaits at my new place down the road   http://yfrog.com/5d3fgj
Leaving my favorite place  cincinnati
@sssemester I would totally suck at it. I freeze up when I'm put on the spot. But hubby would totally rock. He's not going to do it tho 
@solobasssteve orly? i might need to see this...and be near a place to purchase..that said touch is only on wifi and less widespread  
i need a happy place 
sitting at the rent's place trying to avoid homework, studying, and the fact that I have an empty apartment again this week. 
@CinnamonCloud it's the first open spot! 
@angelfly72 I can get great tacos around here, that place just didn't work out. 
@abbyyyy__  all g i will hit up the rabble for a place 2 crash~ Lol at ur dream haha
@jordanrizzieri @rachaelwalden me either  potential girls night? when we're all in one place, of course!
@mphotographer I had a place lined up, but nobody was interested.  It's gone now.    I'd love to have a space to do 2 or 3 shoots a month.
Off to walmart  god I hate that place!!
Looking at new places to live is exhausting 
ugh i have to find some place where i can buy a new ipod touch 1st generation as soon as possible 
@leeagoldstein LOL. That's awesome. I was promised that when mine was taken it was being put in a safe place. It was so thrown out. 
i hate this place 
@kBoey in the office! why would we be in @eddyhan place? unless there's a party goin on that we werent invited to 
@Pistolette and tip #2 would be don't put your passport in such a *safe* place that you can't find it again 
@calvinharris minus swindon. so not most places 
Also the place where alex and i would smoke rediculously long cigarettes is under construction. 
Does anyone know a good place to buy discounted gift certificates for massages? Zspotlight.com appears to be sold out. 
@xlaurajaynex gah i could have done august. why not august in the first place? *grumble* if only i had monday. haha 
@_whatshername not yet. we found a couple of places that were okay but nothing we really liked. we would've taken one place but no cats. 
@inflekt i know  its such a drag, and i dont think anyone has seen it yet, maybe coz its fallen into some weird place. 
still cant believe it bout walkerr seems like something you hear on the news of some place far away!  R.I.P
The dentist is not a fun place to go... 
All moved out of the place 
I missed jonas.  but I'm over it now because wizards of waverly place is on. Haha
@Ginnybeans when are you off?  i need a place to hide... 
@Emmaroo i wonder if he felt out of place going into it... 
@the_apostate I miss that place  it's like a huge chunk of our lives vanished
This is a weird place! Right on the airplane path, I hope I'll be able to sleep!  http://yfrog.com/0uxs0j
i think i have sunburn on my head  it hurts, its the worst place to get it!
Working late tonight   there one place i wish i can be at right now !!!
The internet is a lonely place my friends 
I have no place to live.  I really need prayer to get thru this
At the conference center..n-e-one know where a plug is in this place?? my comp is about to die 
i miss having a happy place 
@dcreevey It was still raining at my place at 5.30 so headed back to bed - didn't even commute in, caught the train. 
i need vacations! hahaha i need to go to BRASILLL  i miss that place soooo much.
We live in an apartment with no place outside to put them, sadly  #clothdiapers
Still foneless...    waiting n waiting for that insurance place to send me a new fone!!
@JonathanRKnight Why oh Why did you bring us all to the unmentionable place... we knew it was coming but still in denial 
all the hot arab boys are over at @crazymadzy's place omg no fair 
@c2cheshire I wish! We're in the process of moving into a bigger place so benadryl will need to wait 
We just got in from our midnight dig walk. So nice. It's scary to know that rapes have been taking place so close to here 
We just got in from our midnight dog walk. So nice. It's scary to know that rapes have been taking place so close to here 
@littleolmykie she sure is! I just wish I could trade places with her so she wouldn't have to go through the B.S.!! 
Going to bed ...... my new place is so quiet being alone isn't so fun at night 
Going to bed ...... my new place is so quiet being alone isn't so fun at night 
says there's no place like home...  http://plurk.com/p/xujr4
@mishacollins is in 6th place.  Minions, go and vote now! http://bit.ly/PmvRY
Wow this town has gone downhill...and the place I used to work at has turned into something else 
@clembastow wwwwwwhhatt??? No!!! That's the only place I can find all my papers 
@notcharming One day.  We shall both have one!!!  I've got nowhere to put one in this place anyway 
I cut myself shaving  and not in a good place
yahoo360 is closing down on jul13..  time to move to my new place
what sucks about having your own place? you never want to leave 
@alyfoley  hang in there...something will come along!!! You're too good for it not to fall in place!
@aymentv - was that in the same place where that pilot reported seeing orange spots? 
@dxbluey I've racked up precisely 'none' of those places... 
head is all over the place 
Has to find a new place to live. 
I miss my sister  why can't everyone I love just be in the same place?
Shit man =( i want to be 21... I cant go to carolina liar tomorrow its at a place with an open bar 
I'm in bed, wondering if I seriously hit a weak spot 
@Kevmoolah I just lolled all over the place. And then I took off my fedora. 
@KunalSheth my day just started... so far so good...... have to go out now to check out some place  
Just when I'd found my happy place 
I'm amazed that such fanboy foul mouthed and agressive posting still takes place. I thought it was dying out 
still at werk place.. 
 I rly h8 this place...
fucking dryer is not working at the new place. it turns on, but doesnt dry anything.  im starting to get sick of this place already, 
i feel terrible. shudnt have talked in the first place 
@charlottepike @LadyD ever since Mopy carked it, the place has been riddled with   I think Clive's viewing it as an exorcism...
@MWeirdo I can't find her!  we didn't arrange a time and place :\
@stfallen yay i love swimming.. i use to go swimming alone.. but now there is no place to go 
wishes they had a sushi place around here 
is loving #evasolo and is dreamin bout sortn out me own place ... all i need is money  http://twitpic.com/6mc8c
spilt water all over the place  go team me
@hartlogan no, most places here don't 
why is morrisons such a full and depressing place 
dreamt there was an explosion @ the place we went to look at yesterday in the room id want. I liked the place too 
@katiefward It's totally tragic, I loved that place 
I hate this place. I want to go home 
@KaiserBuckbean cause it slid out of place so he had to fix it    I wonder if that's wat it feels like to get shot?
Ahh didn't win the @griffintech contest again  maybe I'll make my work place more messy - might give me an advantage :p enter aswell!!
I think i love this place and really don't want to go home tomorrow 
@trvsbrkr I miss him too  He always told me to get straight A's so I'd go places &lt;3
@bammmo I'd say my place but I have plans 
@TomFelton I vote already the whole evening for you. Unfortunately, it is not enough to bring you again on the second place. 
@megsmac78 i been buried. back now. back to cleaning my place. 
last place in mini golf  what else is new.
@secret_sub LOL! her place is a fucken dump! my god! 
4 acres of my favorite place to walk is gone. Burned to nothing.  This makes for an upset walker.
Really miserable day... just everywhere I've been has been miserable... car place, cafe, all flustered and the mood rubbed off on me 
A little outta place 
inside my head is such a happy place...if only it could be.. starting to see that it can never be.. should just be happy with what I have 
bored! urgently need go out from this place. uuuuhhh 
@butadream the problem was/is, they were not only supposed to work at my place but at the whole house 
falling over the blokes toilets is not a nice place to fall....fucked up me knee. 
@chrissie_red  what mail? did you email me - eek sorry head been all over the place recently
Toms outta first place and it wont let me vote 
@kursed To be honest, the best place to research about a host is webhostingtalk. I don't have a personal experience about knwonhost, sry. 
Headed to airport...leaving one of my favorite places to be 
@panoptinick I dreamt you stole the keys to the radio station I work at and graffiti-ed the place.  I was so sad.  
wishing i could be in three places at once 
Feeling a bit dissapointed, all we did was just eat at this Italian pizza place, no partying whatsoever 
@ambrosechong Those 2 episodes take place before that  So,he's really dead.
spot again... can't believe it 
anyone good with hostmonster? my domains will NOT redirect to the right place 
there's an empty spot on the couch  
Waiting to leave this place. I think I might have to go see a doctor... It still hurts... 
@EuanDewar and the @ key is in the wrong place 
@MsParis86 no didn't see any my cousin was the driver &amp; we only went 1 place 
still in search off a place to stay in venice. 
@princessjoya The place you used to work with the adorable kid won't take you back? 
@mslindaday dont know how i unfollow u in the first place  so sowweee i love that background pic of yours .........
@DeadHaunted me too .. i'm ready to give up on twitter  its too bad to cuz i like this place
Going out to the mexican place.  Might Not make it to steph's thing tonight 
out to dinner, i probably won't eat anything. I hate this place 
@reyna614 I miss you  having you here is the only time this place is really tolerable
I can't ever find a comfortable spot in my bed  I wish tim could sleepover.
Someone come take me away from the retched place!! 2 more hours 
@cocosmalls im trying to find my happy place again right now 
in a far away place watching the titanic and editing. No internet  only for the good.
@sharkodile is that a burger place? don't have 'em here.   @PeachPosh haha!  ;P
@bronwynmaye That was one of the places I wanted to go to! But I didn't get a chance 
I'm starving!!!! I'm Looking for a place to eat in atlanta 
is new to the place and very bored  sucks!
Just left my happy place 
halp i has itch in unnatural place  
@lailouisa aw damn. That is soo lame  What are cops doing there in the first place? Pshhh
ewwwwwww, i hate bugs. they're all over the place. 
@RockstarAtHeart you can come crash at my place if needed 
@synthesizers___ Same here. The happiest place on earth feels so far away... 
HEy Worldz!  I iz back!!  And so is da damn clawz clippers.   I could have sworn my last hiding place was teh awesomes!
my left foot still hurts from my heels i wore the night b4 last...i stood in the same place 4 like 6hrs so i wouldn't lose my spot 
having breakfast w/ @spt76 at mcdonalds, then off to clean and sanitize the new place 
@Moam66 my landlord had coined w&amp;d in this place. When its filled with coins, it won't work at all! 
Eating pizza for the first time since i worked at the pizza place.. memories 
@tommcfly when I called to reserve they told me that place was full 
I hate this chair. It hurts me in so many places 
wow how did i get lost on my way to a place i was just at last night 
@Liiiiiiinette so you were at my place last night and i didnt even get to see you 
We may have to stop looking for a really old place and settle on a place that suits our needs.  The old places are all too small. 
I have a sense that when I wake tomorrow the world will not be a better place 
well, didn't make it past quarter finals. 4th place  just not cut out for the big boats. thanks to everyone for coming to cheer us on.
@elainerogers its a shame  what a beautiful place
I wanta go home i didnt wannt to come here in the first place 
Wants to go home, this place is borin me out 
Wow, barrie is actually a nice place, but it reminds me of teenranch 
The place where daddy hit me is still so red 
@samuy But i doubt it was in the same place as you cause the food was not nearly half as awesome 
two more hours in this place 
the office seems cold...not my type of place no more 
@herprettiheart which yumcha place do u go to in canley?? the one i liked in cabra closed for renovations  booo
@officialnjonas awwwww yeahhh media is a cruel place 
@AlexPNguyen Aw really?  Is there a better place?
@benjibeefus haha sorry, was eating strawberries. yeah i know, no place will be as good as it was there 
@burninlover i thought it was your place first 
@cesslovesyou this place is listed as delivering but they really arent thats wack juice 
Trying to make myself go to sleep but can't. I hate nights like this...especially when my heart feels like its in the right place. 
 you alway's mis place thing's
Just now leaving! 711 then close adrenalynn's place, a drive home then gettin up early to pay a ticket.... 
@RogueReverend no  calling the rental place tomorrow to beg forgiveness!!
I don't wanna go to college man  it's the most boring place in the universe :/
sad dan leaving our first place together all over again 
@melodysong aww, its better than standing in front of the place wanting free margarita and found out its closed, innit?  i'm sowwy!
@snowleopardess Yes, there was water all over the place   but at least its  done now and it should be good for a some yrs to come x
I hate this place. So rainy outside 
@MupNorth better than this place...ew   i just need to ask about the area..i really don't know london...oh also if they allow pets!!! ;)
@j_o_a_n_n_a_90 that's great but i am not gonna celebrate yet till we beat coldplay  we got to steal that fifth place
is feeling in quite a good place at the moment bet it don't last 
@HeatherLMac yah it got cancelled! I was in shock in that they would do 7 shows over there in the 1st place..no 5* were even soldout 
Packing and moving my life into a uhaul...homeless for a week until I can move into my new place.  
@the__fragile   I can imagine..well if she was suffering from cancer..she is now at peace and in a better place...I know u miss her though
At the worsest place EVER! the dentist!! 
@lindutt - I have not even managed to spot any filming  
Has to find a new place to live 
Art's graduation is today. Why is every fast food place in town packed right now? 
i am watching wizards of waverly place :L bored sugarlumps 
accommodation issue over..shifting new place in 1 weak.. will miss platt halls 
we are about to leave to go to a bird place... boring 
looking for a new place to work for the day the public library charges for parking every 20 min! 
with all this shit I have to pay for and get fixed....its going to take me forever to get my own place 
@yawnerddn browsing and twitter are heavily frowned upon at my new place 
@KalenaTweets don't know lady. I watered it like you said..kept it in the sunniest place indoor..now it's all shrively and brown 
@ageiscool awww. thats good! i reeally did want to go! but i couldnt be a participant nor a server. so i would be outta place 
@SethApper uh id move there but i dont have a place to stay 
@pnesss lucky!!! i miss that place 
@kellypea   And I know that's where your happy place is, right?
found a place but they close at 7 
Trying to find a new place to live...urg!  Also missing my man lots 
@TwonSwaggCheck oxon hill?  right down the skreet from my place.
camera place was closed  poo!
@wahoobeaver I know I haven't worked there in years, but it still sort of freaked me out, you know?  That place was like a second home.
@ChiTownzThick1 yeahh I know.. I'm just so tired of feeling miserable all da time in the one place I shuld feel happy in 
@theeJAISTER   i would buy them from the market too but they aint as good from the place itself #genesis
i dont belong to this place!!!!! my life will being at 25 i think!!!!!!! 
@goth_kittie which nommy place did you frequent? lol and heres me stuck in my office all alone 
in a bad place. 
@jessicamauboy http://twitpic.com/7ixho - Not my place  lol
@KdeR apparently all the costume stores get there stock from the same place and they're sold out for 6 weeks 
back in the place I don't want to be at 
That will teach me for tweeting while on the way to a place that has already closed for the night.. 
@stu_allan i was hoping the storm would head up here but it looks like we're the only place that missed it 
@dp57 Graduation was very, very cute. The place was soooo crowded though and could barely take pics 
Just sent of forms for new place back home, fingers crossed....here is hoping I get it. Really need a place to stay...only 1 week to go 
Off to my favorite place-- the dentist--looks like I have broken a crown 
Just sent off forms for new place back home, fingers crossed....here is hoping I get it. Really need a place to stay...only 1 week to go 
@skanev why in such a place  #squarespace
@shandreen oh I wish, honestly just one place on the entire web that could be porn free - is it that much to ask, well yes sadly 
@Anwad1 i miss that place 
@jazminerenee you need your own place again  so I can come visit you
Going to fort meade ( cause that's the only place I ever go) 
i'm working to find a more specific direction in my photography....i feel like i'm all over the place right now... 
Wishes my internet was hooked up at my new place already! 
@KristinRose1 oh no. I love that place 
@sylviadoe I was like that when I first met you. you put me in my place.   But I learned. Lol.
If you can't talk about it don't mention it in the first place don't be bad  http://myloc.me/43k4
@ivylise @miamibeach believe it. we dropped to 7th place 
@Vickyvargas I parked in the wrong spot... 
There's no place like home; click click; there's no place like home; click click. nothings happening.. still at work!  
Wishes there was a milkshake place around here, apart from mcdonalds!  xxx
is waiting to leave this place...only to sit in traffic 
is thinkin i might miss this place a little bit 
well..4th place  not in the money
@modwheelmood that's okay.   we're going to hold you to the new shows in october. chicago would be a great place to play...i'm just saying
didn't get any new duckies today  the place was closed
lost in trivial pursuit today. not quite last place, but that is b/c someone quit before it was over.I stuck it out though it didn't help 
I would have visited @abhifire's place in jaipur if only i had some more time in the tour 
so tension working at here,wanna change working place. 
@kaylexanna Unfortunately all my spots are filled. 
back in the hospital again tomorrow I really hate that place sometimes 
I'm kind of tired but by no place I can nap 
I love ya twitterfon! But tweetdeck is taking your place for now 
@Stodge old - which is gutting, as we're paying to make the place look nice for others to live in! 
@midgetmum nightmare isn't it? it's why i didn't tell her in the 1st place. hope she doesn't blow it.  oh well...
cant wait to get out of this place... 
there's no place like home 
@blackplasticbag i wouldnt mind going alone since i know the place prreeeeeyty well. . .but no one go clubbing with meeeeeee!!!!! 
i wouldnt mind going alone since i know the place prreeeeetty well. . .but i'd hv no1 to go clubbing with meeeeeee!!!!! 
@kilrturkey 1 you left your book at my place  2 hahaha gaytime on your own - pricless!
@editorialgirl No, I'm not allowed any form of noise cancelling  It's very odd I took a break in a quiet place and the phones are quieter!
@geri1980 we sure do, beacause of stupid BMOF  i miss that place! haha
This place was nicer when it wasn't raining... 
@kPolo lol all oveer the net you mean all over atlanta you havnt even seen my new place yet 
i am sooo grounded!!!  this is not fair... and i am about to go a to a stupid birdwatching place!! i mean what is so interesting about it?
@MsQueenBe I miss that place soooooooooo much 
has less than 3 hours to sleep before she has to get ready to go back to work again...but I just left the place!!! 
@frankiehero awe no  but i am pissed i want to lay down and he is in my spot
finally!! lunch break!! i can finally get out of this place! yay!! but sadly, have to come back at one point  so then only 5 more hours...
yay I got the place I wanted....but now I to pack.....great 
@MzLadi_B alright  I hate that place! I hope to find something soon!
I jost saw an apartment...  So hard to find a nice place (not in the end of the world) to live... I am disapointed...
a garage is simply the wrong place for good pictures. 
I always thought &quot;worried sick&quot; was just an expression... apparently not.  Not in a good place right now.
hates living in the coldest place ever 
choir rehearsal. a place where i rarely use my pissagio or my melisma.  
This world is a crazy place to live in these days... 
Just left my old place of work! I don't miss the place but I sure do miss the people! 
@s_minis i don't even know where i've managed to place that. i'm a walking disaster, i tell you 
@feliciaday i love the guild! but now that I sold my 360 i can't watch it anymore!  Is there another place to watch it? not on psn 
Somethings in my fire place!  its scaring me.  -10 days.-
@dylansevenfold she just need a place 
@uchidakiller  no fuiste al spot...
@denissahady but senayan is like sooooo farrrr away from my place 
@redsmackeroos  i'm with you in spirit. save a place for me.
@justiniiams You definitely are in btw a rock and a hard place 
I'm between a rock and a hard place, you guys.  
@ryan_ukulm wahhh...... can port me to your place so i can enjoy too??? 
Packing to start moving my shit to the new place...NOT impressed at all 
i need coffee, but in this place that stuff is hard to come by 
Where's the menu for the Chinese place?  It has been missing for ages.
Breaking out in spots 
my couch is gone and beer pong table took its place 
just had dinner... back to revising  &amp; watching wizzards of waverley place  0317
is going to be without air at my place for awhile 
Wish I could take my brothers place in the hospital 
@Dbad3st lucky !!! i would like to be at ur place  lolll
really wants to run away from this place 
@brionyqueen haha i only got one  however I have decided he can take pride of place on my wall.
@Claricee_x cuz me and most of the forum girls didn't get to go inside the studio  they said we were too late and the place was full. xx
watching movies at my place, toasted from the courts 
@wazzow well the place cards are ordered 
@ddlovato i dont care what my friends say insane or other@ plz come 2 any place near egypt any place in africa and i swear i'll go to it 
the hunt is on..for a place to move...  
#inaperfectworld it would still be legal to smoke in public places 
I need a quiet place to rewind and reestablish myself. I'm so broken inside and I need help. 
I miss my online buds.  Editing is a lonely, lonely place to be.
@alwright1 And you're right, it's not a very good Indian place. 
@MISSMYA I don't think that the place I downloaded it from was a very good place though, not good 
@peachplumpanda so annoying when that happens. i also think 30 days is not enough time to tell someone they need to find a new place. 
i like the place. wish they'll hire me. 
I'd anticipated that an obvious place would be the cathedral and was waiting there but the inaccurate clue sent me running elsewhere! 
@alexiskmanheim returning to the states in sept. i would have one delivered for you but can't find a place 
 i hate this place
@lowbar06  i see how it is boo ill juss got to a massage place -.- *calls asian masseus*
This is weird. I'm sleeping in a completely different place. This is only going to make it harder to fall asleep. 
@30SECONDSTOMARS It is clouded  And how does it look at ur place?
All dressed up. and no place to go.  #Dailybooth http://tinyurl.com/n6cwbm
Mission to get the cat out of my neighbour's place: unsuccessful. Cops trying to obtain legal entry first. Another attempt tomorrow. 
in voon's place just so i could use the internet! freaking deprived! 
i want to get out of this place!!!!!  ill be happy whwn i finaly get out of this place!
naiis that i've got no place to live .. hahah 
@KennethCK If I had my own place I would say my place. But I don't.. 
just had a great idea, but need ~50 people with cameras in the same place at the same time... only slightly flawed then 
Moves to my new working place, not mutch of an upgrade 
@aianna21 it is a good place to stay. I have not had much transfer pain yet but I know it's coming like a looming storm 
At hawiian falls, my old job  I miss this place!
hobby lobby officially sucks. and i love that place. 
He wants me to go to sleep now so I can wake up at 8 then go to his place, but I'm not sleepy yet 
Ugh we missed the 2:30 slot  next show is on 5:00. We'll be hanging out in a sushi place again lol
What time does the nail place close? Moms is &quot;too busy&quot; to talk. I'm almost ready to go, but I haven't gotten a definite yes 
@lahveeenrose aw I really really want these vegan tamales but the place that sells them (the trailer next to me) doesn't open til 5 
I wish my best friends weren't all dotted around the place and all too far away to see as often as I would like to  never in some cases.
has dropped her remote in a place she can't reach  helppppppppp
About to take cade home  and then go to the worst place on earth
@marryme_invegas I WISH YOU COULD!!  i know we called doc's place to make sure it was alright for me
@LegendaryMe I didn't find it  I'm going to drink &amp; then come home &amp; check the 1st place my instincts tell me to &amp; maybe it's there! =/
@AgentSullivan I know. I'll stay with you for the weekend and slowly move back to my place.  It's going to be really quiet without you.
This weekend is nothing but open road and no place to go  I'm almost fully done all my work. I can't wait to run out!!
@Hollypop oh  i'm so sorry. just be strong she's in a better place now &lt;3
Sometimes london can be such a sad, annonymous, tragic place 
i hate this place  and i want my freakin guitar
@Dabonus what spot? Srry for late replied 
feeling like I'll never find a place to live. 
Ugh i hate this place, NOBLES 
There's a place in port jeff that sells bubble tea! Nothing like t'liscious though 
That sucks. I thot that was the place  
@sofdlovesbsb You are exactly right..between some posters and the mods the place is NO fun to go to anymore.  I miss the old days 
@SushiFlower11 we went to the donut place and there were only donut girls and it was closed. 
I love my freakin tatoo!!!! I want to show it off but its totally not in a place where it can be casually seen.  lol its still sexy woo h
@noeljohan that same place my $2 is  nonexistent
a place where everytime you breathe, a wish comes true.  http://plurk.com/p/12bqbx
I'm between a rock and a hard place. And, 2 make it worse, i put myself in this position 
@carmenvictoria1 i would LOVE to drive through the south... it's such a massive place 2 months is just not enough time to see everything! 
Just ate breakfast - one of my colleagues is ill  . - I'll have to take his place for interviews ...
I'm bored as hell maybe I'm just at the wrong place 
Ouch. The boys are hungover. Seriously. Not in a good place right now  x
@delta_goodrem omg me too. sooo much fun. but last time i went snowboarding i broke my shoulder  ahah where is your favourite place??
will do anything to take his place.. 
@yliesan I know. But nobody can take me there. It's like sososososososososoooooo faraway from my place 
My Indian place is at farmer's market today!!!  But my bread place is out of baguettes  How long will I wait?
has lost singing concert. 2o place only... 
Ugh my life is shit!  I no longer have a place to live.  
@CurtHrastich Me too!! But we will be in two different places! 
@vchat this place makes me get up extra early and then take naps!  I'm bout to redecorate! Lol
@lykagonzalez Me too.  It's a good thing it's not that noisy in our place. When I'm outside though I need my noise-isolating earphones.
Ugh a bunch of sheets of papee cut me open all over the place at once  I get off at 3 Lets go to the movies.
@mcdoeli07 could you print out directions from your place to the wedding? my printer doesn't work 
vacuum complete, now clean bathrooms and kitchen then mop...got motivated when friends dropped by and place was a sty 
@CerebralJam to be honest my time management doesn't seem in place right now. Getting overwhelmed with everything I need to get done 
@macewen that place was completely picked over by the time we got there. 
@AmerikaG sigh,no, i am just not up to it  and it's like a 1.5 hr drive from our place
waiting at the recycling place, its taking forever 
soccer is finished for today, international came by looking for a place to stay, sadly i didn't know anyone with a empty place 
i should be apartment hunting but i am watching movies...i really need to find a good place...why is it so hard? 
@therealtommyg why r u so rude to me. I was 10 mins late because I couldn't find the place. 
Lonely in the clubhouse....as well as other places.... 
there's no place like home 
i want to do something later, than be indoors, but i have no place to go, 
dad came in 2nd place. he was in first until they called the caution flag.  were all mad
http://twitpic.com/7ypo4 - leaving this beautiful place tomorrow  but then to atlanta then...italiaa babbbyyy!!
@ItDiesToday come over my place and make me food! I can't cook 
@robyngodfrey lol yeah i wish i could leave for 2weeks.....  to a beach place haha
@Advances they're already closed  shame too cuz this place is keeping me waiting
I've never eaten by myself at a fastfood place. Haha. I feel weird 
@LDGourmet I think they felt a need to move them to a protected place. There are only a couple of hundred in existence now 
@nikkibabyreed dont you hate when laptops die means you have to move from a compfortable place 
http://twitpic.com/7zain - i miss this place 
And there goes first place  but when the angels hit a slump and rangers get the heat back we'll be up by 10 games
@shosho1 I know.. but that place is just so dirty and gross and i don't think i can enjoy myself there  We'll see...
needed in hurry : a friend who could accompany me to jakarta fair today... the place is too far for me to go alone... 
goin to bed soon...if i can find a place to sleep  UGHHH
@prolificd no its this place.. No network at my aunts house  you coming for tweetup?
@izzybeatz Too many niggas in one place  so sad.
@katiebeth what's a nice girl like you doin in a place like this? #sociallifefailduetogradschool 
Haven been skating much...just can't find the time and place 
is really wanting things to fall into place about now 
I've discovered that being alone in my head is not a fun place to be 
i need comfort food  not much at my place....
i cant believe now we have to be twitter safe atleast leave one place alone bad world 
had a place, peop to fund, ideas on paper, still, michael, these kids here REALLY, NEED a place, lots of sep. familys, snow capital, bars 
Too bad, my dog got 3rd place 
my rook fell out  too lazy to try and get it back in, so i'll just get it done at an actual piercing place. its easier.
oh no it rains.it is cold and I cant sleep. I wish I could be at a sunnier place 
can't bring all of my self go out from this place, with his high-temperature 
driving home    I hate leaving this place!
@calanan You need to send me a list of places I need to go eat at.  You are my best source of places! and you're moving. 
Ugh... Every place is so busy. I feel so bad 
i have to go to some breakfast place an hour away just to see my g-father 
anyone know a good place to buy curtains? 
@marlene_ of getting a place next year. I have the crappest cv boohoo. If only they trial me, I'm a really hardworker 
I wish i was small so i could play in the play place. 
@headphones4two I really wish he would have done more with them.  They're the whole reason I started listening to him in the first place.
@stinie That ecart place has broken demos online.  Not cool 
I know you're in a better place, but it's still hard to know you're gone  i love u
; this spot feeels like its growing  
@686snow damn my second place finish 
wishing i had a way to escape this place 
@mitchelmusso are you coming to vancouver? your myspace says you are but there is no place posted.if not that will ruin my summer.. 
@peterfacinelli   you are just having problems all over the place
hoping you got some great pictures.. in a place now i havent been for several months.. 
&quot;knowing you are miles away, from the place where you need to be. &amp; that's right here with me.&quot; @jonasbrothers 
@taytaybulls I wonder how it was even allowed in the first place  #taytaydump
At the orthodontist. Not the place to go when you have a bad gag reflex 
@panduh I guess you have no plans of getting your own place  I bet all the good bridges are taken in puketon beach.
Like many Americans, audapostrophe is loosing his home. Now, it time to look for another place 
@joeymcintyre how many for montreal i never found it i`m stuck with my 4 new books snif snif snif any place i can ship them to u? 
@snazzzy714 I hate you  it wasn't my fault!....k maybe it was, shes in a better place right now anyways.
@northwesternsig olsons is closing that is sad  I liked that place!
having no luck finding a place in manhattan 
@sarahamil Pretty close. I'm at the office and I can't leave until I finish everything and the closest food place is a while away 
Starting to get my collar bone in place...Since it's been so long this really hurts... 
had a good interview.... but the place looks so..... DRAB  I felt like I was waiting for foodstamps 
@JessicaHowerth ohno- I have such fondness for that place- afraid to even wonder what happened 
wish i could afford this place!  http://bit.ly/12nDP3
REALLY wants to go to camp barakel nowwwww please  Summers are sad without that place..
@pookachino sucks she is having issues with the new place 
At times like this i wish i lived alone or had a more quieter place to study 
all i know is that my friends better clean up my place before they leave...damn it's a mess here and i just cleaned yesterday..not happy 
@sabirabbit its benin.........we went 4 chinese @ sm place...we miss u 2 
One thing more I think I'm on a wrong place on earth for twitter  naja ;)
http://twitpic.com/8cnkk - ear drops in place. hopefully they work 
@shperl haha that place will make you make bad choices! i almost go the monster too 
@tsayfan oo.. i wish my place had a hot tub 
@shperl haha that place will make you make bad choices! i almost got the monster too 
@editorlaing to be honest it just wasn't my fav place 
goodnight, i love my sea lion   i wish i had my own place
the boy isnt flying down now  waiting to see if we get this place
iznik meeting is almost over but I will be here for one more day to wrap up. it is so nice place, I dont wanna leave it.. 
@BriggySmalls think everyone has issues, last move I had to sit outside new place for an hr as bank hadn't transferred funds 
I hate this place   roll on half five!
@rehmxo ahh i miss you too  this place is so boring.. i could ahve stayed in melbouren, it even looks the same :|
@muppmupp think positive ... couch could be safe.  be careful at my place tho - i have tiles everywhere .. not good for falls 
@KKoerk chance to start over new without all the mental burden of this awful place I live in right now 
My new place in paddo is so much quieter. It's what I wanted but all of a sudden I'm missing the busy sounds of darlo 
Just finished a load of interviews for our Australian release....I miss that place 
@beautifulblaque i saw that place on the way to the rent a car place 
she is now touring some place in uk -- talking about food  no far!!!
@aalaap exactly leave the transport out! I am tlaking about going there.. the evening shit! And a place to find out where i can crash 
About to be sleepin  and my headphones are falling all over the place gaaah. wonder what's in store for me tomorrow?
@paperboy1 too little place, but it is better to be a victim than to increase brutality. O, that sounds quite religious 
My back is killing me all of the sudden. Of course it's in a place that I can't get to pop 
I've got all the windows open and the fan on but it's still bloody hot. It's 87F in my place at the moment 
@TheRealCoryBach haha, No the place were it is does't look to mad, it looks more like an old peoples hang out  lol haha! xx
omg farrah fawcett rest in peace. she is in a better place now  now she really is an angel 
Just got done with a funeral was at same place as my dad's, i barely made it through. 
@imagejennation @whitrt we found a great Chinese place to hang out at 
@aussiecynic is it? why? well then indonesian school could be a great place for me at this point 
@vielleicht LOL well one thing we can do is you can show me how to get to the rocky horror place 
@ScarlettDane btw, i saw you're coming to volterra  my house is open if you need a place to stay.
@coffeeonline I really hope to visit someday.  Seems like a lovely place.  
@leeww only if you decorate my place too 
feel like running away, far away, in a great place where no one can find me. 
@KateEdwards you dont have to bring anything - it's yr place  #katesparty
support for making the world better place 
So much stuff falling into place....it's a positive feeling 
I kindly suggest frozen yogurt to take the edge off. I will show you a great place when you get here! 
@Ellegeeict I know - this place ain't been the same without your regular tweets - sort it out!! 
@danlavelle where's my dunkin donuts?!  awesome lead out for the blue monster. That 2nd place was all you. your leadouts are kick a$$!
@backstreetboys 1month ago 11:20 while the girls went lunch at the mall, we stayed at the line, saving our place 
@anonymouspinay and if i had my place, i'd let you walk around naked there 
@jessicalina - Theres no place like home 
The public market is the perfect place to wear one's large straw hat. 
The puzzle pieces are falling into place 
@ChrisEmanuel hah! it'd be a different place, that's for sure 
@JulieBanderas well I don't think I am a hero. I think I did what anyone would have done in my place....but thank you! 
@paullouiscole... it's a dangerous place to be 
Is really enjoying this new place... very home...y...ish... 
@tokiohotelusa you are my happy place 
@Vriden I haven't got there yet-- but the place they're meeting has an abundance of toast, so I'm not terribly worried about it. 
So I've decided a male strip club is the place to be 
@timbuchalka but i thought we Tweeples are already geeks in the first place ? 
I just had beer pong at my place and now going to bed 
I hope you remain the same, so I'll know that this isn't just a game. Now take my hand and we will run away down to this place I know. 
today i found the perfect place to do an outdoor set of pics  non nude of course
@psam i knoww... picked it up at a lib near my place... 
Watching wizards of waverly place, lol lol lol 
Wow! I've never seen so many good looking guys in one place 
@JonathanRKnight its all good if you want to move to the west coast but....... you know their is no place like the east. 
@freeeky he failed to mention why his (not exactly his, really) laptop and a pint o'guinness had a close encounter in the first place ... 
i really really really want to go to this place, but i don't know where it is 
@bradiewebbstack no matter what you do bradie there will always be a place for you in my heart. 
not the best place to record.. .stood on my landing 
relaxing at san's place! 
@kmeker http://www.themusicninja.com is a good place to look for new music 
It's pretty rad @samaraaa95 . I just came back from granparents place. They're even radder  *cough* oo tell me tell me (myshpache?)  x
@matalarry  beautiful place 
@JohnBirmingham That said, the people giving me directions to the place were impressed that I was seeking it out. Not a total loss 
dinner at my brothers place 
On way back from footy and have heard that spurs won! Not Many points needed until uefa cup place!!! 
ually be an ideal place to hang out! 
@lollipop26 contin ... I'm about to place an order online. 
in the process of getting a hair cut, and by process I mean having my sister cut off some and then going to an actual place to finish. 
theres no place like home 
just had an awesome hour of swimming ... this world is a nice place ... 
@DAVEandDAVEshow so far i've seen 2 bars, a farmers market and bbq place I need to check out 
@dandelions8910 a place to stay for a week or two, and someone to pick me up from the airport. 
watching wizards of waverly place 
@LKid If you haven't found anyone... I work down the street from your place, and have a valid passport. 
@Sapph0 There used to be a place up in the mountains near me where you could get THE BEST waffles in the universe!  I loved that place!
@SuziQ333 lol, no, as in, in a place I don't usually listen to loud music. 
spring is nice  will apply to first place that has outdoor office facilities
@sprabu saw all your posts on your wiki...i have been to schnitzelbank too..simply loved the place 
@angelistic take me with u to this place u are drivin 2 
@shufflegazine Of course you do, we work in a fun and exciting place 
@xXFriendXx ?????It's an interesting place with really rich culture! Would love to visit it someday 
@flirtbuttons Our house is comfortable and lived-in too  I don't think I'd like it if I lived in a place where every corner was 'designed'
I don't like this place - only the people  aarrrrr
@atheistium That was exactly why I did not buy it in the first place. I hope you are correct about it being awesome 
@swirlyarts pretty little place!! What a gorgeous view, too. 
@ayagil suddenly twitter has become a smaller place because of you 
is off to this place called school. 
@ryanstewart If they're as smart as I know they are, they'll make you pay  You better have picked a nice place!
@TrollstigenR thanks for the follow, just looking at your site and photos looks like an amazing place! added to my must do some day list 
just had lime cous-cous with @SarahMoran and @Ehon at my place 
@besz She was right on the spot! what are you doing tweeting right now? 
@DawnMariesDream hmmmm a story is always a good place to start  
@MarianaSantos15 hahaha its a new place called cranberries! its near demetres 
2nd place in go karting.. ;\ fun times tho! 
@firioo I went to my aunt's place, had fun. been blogging and plurking -tweeting 
There is no place like 127.0.0.1 
@day_b I'm smiling because everything is falling into place - a lovely feeling! 
@LeanneBennett It was quite yummy and hit the spot! 
Lalllaalaa. I can't start packing 'cause all of my stuff is at dad's place! 
I made a fanmix in the course of the overnight. I've never made one this fast. It just fell into place. Lovely. 
so far so good  now to pump the tyres and test fit it into its hiding place 
@MiniJ  I am glad there are priorities in picking  a place to purchase 
i was cold so im now laying in my bed with my electric blanket on. watching nearly famous. im in my happy place 
@JessicaSimpson I told my girls last night that I thought you &amp; T were going to walk into the place we were at. I had a (wrong) feeling. 
I like how when I just go with the flow...it all falls into place...*sigh*    
up early for a saturday. organizing at my new place, going for a walk 
we're grilling tonight at my place... feel free to join. direct message me for further instructions 
@ExMi The world is a safer place 
at my moms place 
@SilenceDemALL but thanks for the sentiment, I'll save it in a special place for when I actually am... 
@kmaco214 yup. That's the best place to be 
we're meeting tonight @6 going to the same place should be done by 9 we can do something after. will text during date 
@davidxinfo everytime I play it to at least 1000+ the place goes nuts!!!  oh man, I would love to go there.
@edwardharran It was such a pleasant surprise to bump into you. @christineegger This place is full of people like us. 
@muscati  &quot;a quiet corner to chill out in&quot; my favorite place at any party! 
this is quite good place for discussion 
@OlorinLorien LOL mine's quite short but it's been washed and I haven't brushed it, so it's dried all over the place. 
Theres no place like home? http://www.flickr.com/photos/stevedave/3497087784/ well there was anyway 
@jordanknight Stones gear has no place in the gym. 
knows a place 
@trishussey Moving sucks but can't wait to see your new place 
watching wizards of waverly place. 
@fightingfor There's no place I'd rather be. 
@joybug80 takes place in rhode island ya know! my hometown!!! 
@gobbledigook_ oo well good luck finding a place! You have to have an awesome house warming 
@LukeBroadlick my fav place to visit is a brit concert!!!! 
@facampbell you meeting us at our place?  
@MrPunk2u  maybeeee why? got a place for me?
6 days til I move back into my own place...counting down like mad!!! 
@TDLQ i'd totally throw her under a bus to have been in her place!    at least i'm honest!! 
Searching for a place where I can migrate. 
@whodeani Some place where you have to be all boring? UGGGGGG 
@lillytown the happiest place on earth  j'adore
If I could only update my status in just one place....  
Is babysitting 3 dogs...they are all over the place... 
woohoo 69th (oh er) place  1/3 of my category behind me... not bad for 1 gear, big wheels, no suspension and no training!!
@photogoat cool photo  is that outside your place?
1st place at competition, and superior. 
The seat was a nice place to go 
Spending the first night in my new place! 
@atexasattitude I'm sorry darling... I'm all over the place tonight.. I didn't mean to neglect you.. 
off to a place where i dream...maybe i ll see you there!?!   sweet dreams, all!
Ugh i hate photobucket! an amazing place to edit pictures is: www.picnik.com  i use it alll the time.
@citycynic lol, as a target employee they forbid me from that place, no i usually go in and buy like everything along with commenting 
I am at my grandparents place 
@ ginniejean there's a lot of mojo all over the place...  yes.
Ra'anana is a wonderful place 
is watching 1000 places to see before you die 
Watching wizard of waverly place 
@novahalle i love everrything from breadtalk  i would eat the whole place if i could
Always thinking about to look for a good place to appericiate everyone who supports me on every site I joined 
@StephanieEllen i know you wouldn't, but it's not exactly the best place to say things on here  in about a week it should be official!
@bkmacdaddy aren't you a good man  the beach is a fantastic place to be! how many kids do you have??
@andrewghayes Things fall apart when you're not around keeping order about the place. 
going to eat at my favorite place ever texas roadhouse! yay 
@iMBA haha don't thank me yet. i'm still at your place 
@kingsmomma &amp; dont look back right? &amp; you'll have a place to stay when you visit me 
@MayaaKibbel the bahamas is the best place ever to relax. i can't wait to go back 
One day I'm going to run away to a place where there's nothing but mountains of books, and I am never coming back 
@luxofgodsgirls she's mah baby!  but she drags her beard all over the place picking up all sorts of crud.
Going to a dinner at a professor's place. 
@twettyBABY I would love to visit those places too!  great minds ;)
@wowgrrl I hate that place! But have fun. 
here it is agian just in case  http://www.livinglandsandwaters.org/great place check it out
of course, sun came out as soon as I left home. So did bike. One ride later, world much happier place 
Heaven: the place where tears will be wiped away, and confetti is thrown, then becomes invisible..ahh what a beautiful place it will be! 
@mandymckee its a yogurt place....its so delicious 
@markandey the response seems to b getting big.... we need place with a big open space so tht evryone can interact well 
@TwilighttFreakk ahh it's all good now. i think i managed to pop everything back into place  what's up with you?
@nicinsweden there's a place not too far from me - we sat at it once drinking chardy!! remember? let me know if I should book it for you 
this is going to be a great place for mac lovers 
@igzzie looking for a place that has good tortillas. When finished let me know how they were and the location pls 
Another day at my place of employment. That doesn't mean i'm working.  
@ru3 maybe it justs need someone like me to make it common place 
@justineville nawh, i'm good w/ whatever theme. i don't need it to be stylized. just need a place for when i'm inspired. 
@melissagraf sounds like my kind of place 
@InvisibleBee that's good to hear!  What kind of place did u choose and how's the area?
@gdruckman That sounds like a good place to have it   I especially like the corkage fee!
@craftmastere thx. it's definitely a relief to have a place to tell the movers where to deliver my crap. 
@moburns67 I hear there is this place where people buy these items...but I can't seem to find that place. 
@alecks didn't meat kryon but shasta was a very special place indeed. 
There's no place like home 
@inhim Probably not the best place to be mean  
i like living here   a place where no matter how busy the traffic is on the main road, everyone stops to let the ducks cross the road 
backbooth...orlando=new favorite place. 
@alanjlee Not happy to say in public: it's too good a place to badmouth it. I'm sure it was just a bad weekend for staffing. 
@MarathonMaritza Of course it's free!! You are all over the place, you need to add friends and tell 'em where you at. 
@Magnetoboldtoo come over to my place and you can have smurf bread 
#3turnoffwords green, infections, my moms place, can i come 
Second place ain't bad at all! 
I wish places like #roznik would have free wifi.I can imagine working from here 
@di_pie come to my place 
@muchloveanna That rocking horse is darling! But then I do have a sweet spot for them 
@katzchen24 well fancy seeing you in a place like this?  You have joined the darkside I see 
is home recovering from surgery.  There's no place like home 
twitter is the greatest place u can freak out 
@Amalaya I think painting this place will be enough for me. Lots more paint jobs after the doors. 
@sockington it could stink up the place for us humans. 
@JennyKorn i think he'll be popping up in a few places. have fun!  
now twitter has me; let's see if it's fun or just another place to waste time on the net 
This place has mini golf 
@theOlsens where has been ur favorite place u've gone to film a movie? 
@paparoach i know you get a billion of these responses, but I'm sooooooo glad you posted. This place just isn't the same w/out you! 
@sammoran no place like home 
@tryfan2003 is that place over by you? i'm starving could just eat a chinese - bring me some 
christelle`s place later then max`s katip 
@DivasonaDate I could actually get to that one, would be a great place for it 
wow I need to update more often I dn't have the net at my place  I'll get it soon 
wizards of waverly place 
@candice5355 hey  nothing much, watching wizards of waverley place. yourself?
@art_place I am giving it another go  xx
@kushanmitra my wife stayed there, thats a fab place 
@chicogarcia hi chico.you should not juggle your bets too much,it might get out of place.i meant the combinations,of course. 
@chilko yours is definitelly a better place to be 
@Makavelis chiar ne place . cautarea a incetat, thanks! 
isaac is crawling all over the place 
trying to find a new place to stay 
another lapnes sesh at cuzn's place  monday is still ?.
@lonemat  well how about i jst travel around with you? I have to stop at someone else's place as well. :-D
@DrAngelique I hope there not all in the same place 
@jobadge now there's a case where funding has actually gone to the right place 
asparagus again YES but when you only have 5 more weeks to eat it... this is the best place to get asparagus from 
Man..so tired but still need to be at work place 
@amantha have a good one, keep safe and dont breath on the place 
@tiffeetiff but u can have a come on over and see my new place party 
On the park and ride bus in to oxford. Such a lovely place in the sunshine. 
@jms_ times square would have to be my most favourite place!! i agree 
teh peng @ makan place is nicenicenice 
everything seems to have fellen in place and i will be leaving for turkey tonight 
And this is the place  http://mypict.me/1nqg
i've found the safest place to keep all our mistakes: every -dot-com's refreshing for a journal update...  ^^
@aruntp: awesome links  especially the programming comics thingie. had seen most of them, but not all at the same place
I'm at @LittleMissEasy 's place  she is going to london TODAY!! I'll miss you, du sack ;)
I love this place   http://yfrog.com/15xpsbj
A Trainifique moment is taking place at burger king - @kairoer enjoys chili cheese 
@heidiprice You'd better hurry up and move. We might have to eat at your place. 
@remzology me too. I dont have a lap on the first place. But pen and paper seems the best choice even if I had.. 
@laubow_ no, the place where you met ant, haha! i might listen a bit of V later 
@cdndressage haha directions... you women and your bad sense of direction. http://is.gd/CkLV there's a google map of my place 
@dirtyrottengoss haha aww that sucks ow well yeah lindt cafe u love that place now ay lol...hot chocolate? lol keep safe n cover up 
@Shinybiscuit LOL, this is valid! On the bright side got told by a place I write for I'm doing a 'great job' so far so 
Not spending the night at my place again. 
@ecaps1 hahahaa - looks in secret hiding place - mwahahhahaa more there 
@KatieWasAllLike hahaha my favorite place 
@DanMerriweather it's a really nice place  great cathedral if you get chance to see it.
is sleepless in Amsterdamn... this place is like a timewarp  #fb
@cbanks_composer sounds like bbqs at you old place in south harrow! 
@Jennymac22 I always wonder how you can get to that size in the first place. Of course I say that planning to munch on creme eggs tonight 
@rhitgirl If you ever need a quiet place to study, my door is always open and my roommate is always quiet 
always feel better after working out, doing laps in the pool is actually an awesome place to pray 
@CandiceKei haha I know right? such a lovely place to be... 
Searching for a place that is 24hr that we can still print pictures out at this time of night. What an adventure 
@RobirobC that's awesome  i actually don't like events that much bcuz i feel so awkward and out of place! i like being behind the scenes.
so drained this morning but putting a certain suspected sex offender in his place made me smile 
@bobbyedner woo! love that place, see you on the 29th 
looking forward to finding a new place to live; it's been a few months in the same place &amp; that seems to be my cutoff 
@SimplyiNK  to conserve trees, this is just my way of making this world a better place 
@reverieBR my bed is truly a wondrous place 
9yo's going to a funworld place tomorrow 4 his best bud's bday. He's been wanting to go to this place 4 ever-so amped he can't sleep. 
I definatly have a place to stay for schoolies  who's staying at boat hav?x
@NillaDrop You find me a place to play on any of those nights, I will be there! haha How are you? 
got a new place! 
@SOTCC heroes! i love that place 
@stephd23 do you have to charge the battery overnight ? If so I might have to find a place to do it so sheree will not find it 
@ashsimpsonwentz just saw the promo for melrose place! It looks good  I am looking forward to watching it!!!
@rrrachelsmith you are welcome to come fly over to the kids room in the new place......it's peter pan theme 
@gigglemoose you replyed to me, but i has NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO idea what i said in the first place,lol. i too have twitter attacks 
@Silverlines Not in some places I know. But prolly because we relatively have  fewer staffs here 
@xtashacanningx. ok normal place will twitter u about 12 ish!  x
