Most common words for this cluster:
[('plans', 229), ('plan', 216), ('project', 127), ('projects', 33), ('decision', 24), ('program', 17), ('proposal', 15), ('change', 14), ('b', 12), ('lol', 12), ('today', 11), ('request', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'plan', 0.8708916306495667), (u'plans', 0.8334839940071106), (u'proposal', 0.6972432136535645), (u'proposals', 0.6248740553855896), (u'planned', 0.6217567920684814), (u'project', 0.5924389362335205), (u'planning', 0.5919974446296692), (u'Plans', 0.5819422006607056), (u'proposed', 0.5790411233901978), (u'Plan', 0.5386509299278259)]





Ugh. still working on project  just taking a small break
@islandnene83 well you didnt even consult me to see what my plans were. maybe they changed...and they did. so thanks.   
Why is it that anytime that I plan what do, I get sick and all the plans go out the window. 
I'm trying to plan trips...low budget though...don't think it is working 
@andycub my current contract will be up before then - damn 
http://bit.ly/rKfaO new spending plan looks very practical (more intelligence and irregular warfare (@ terrorism)), still jobs are lost.. 
@thellyv no plans yet. 
@urbanadventours I came into the shop yesterday (to return mysteriously missing C4), but you weren't there.  Let's plan a tweetup.
In work, working on project plans and PRDs 
@TheEngTeacher dusting and ironing on my agenda 
had plans but they were changed      boreddd
this pep8 project is kicking our butts. 
dang. actually not so sound a plan after all 
1 week without client projects  Should start my own projects... but what
going to try to do the plant project... again... i don't want to 
In the lums doing project ... 
silly gov't grant, haven't paid me yet 
Unfortunately it is too windy to go zorbing now  Just trying to work out a Plan B.
@abbixnicole i wish i could, but argh, i'm too nice to tell her i already have plans! 
working on a project due on tuesday!! blaaah 
Trying to write a sales plan but not having much luck 
that quote makes me think about my miserable starbucks strategy project 
bah humbug-- not selected for the grant. no plan b yet. 
Trying to sign up to cocomo dev program. Not working 
...change in plans...not feeling well, not going out 
finished my project, but I don't know how to compile it on marylou... 
re run project 
@Mangtooth 'embedding disabled by request' 
@bradheck i still have to pay  this is a tiny project and need one track only...
back to uni...and back to projects 
my program is... full of switches.. 
Hopefully I'll stick to my weekly plan. 
@deviiin @idyllicwater I feel left out  I want in on the pact, I'm pretty good at not sleeping already
ok so change of plans....not feelin too well.  staying in 
downloading the battlefield 1.41 patch as i just found out its required for project reality 
@ocean29 my plan ?? srry dude no plan yet coz my all friends r on date today 
@feministmentor I only have a golden straw to offer you as a proposal gift    #awaresg
@xJacintax ohhhh i thought you were being random, not that you ahd made plans. i feel silly 
plans for rest foiled by delivery driver calling to say not all shopping removed from van.. 
i so much love tweeting...i soon need a good data plan for to start tweeting mobile...i miss tweeting on the go 
Wish I still had pledges so I could make them bring me breakfast in bed 
Its saturday....and i have no plans 
stupid have to be over 18 to get a contract 
My plans are crushed, I will never get a new apartment 
I don't know where I put my laneige sliding pact 
is still unsure what to do for his masters' project. 
@noahgift argg didn't include them in the package  
@rdperry, I don't have any plans after prom either. 
@RyanMullins scratch that - all plans have been foiled 
Wanting to go to bed but that's not in bailey's plans!!! 
urgh long weekends are only fun when you have plans 
And no, it's not spam. It's my latest project! Unfortunately I'm not selecting the winners so you won't get preferential treatment. 
@Toongen noo  i just went to it and it said 'embedding disabled by request'  
I'm starting to loathe C++, well not the language, but badly manage projects... i.e. what I have to work on 
I wonder if i will always make the wrong decision 
@thakkar @tarunchandel problem being I am not in town from 8-13th  - --  lets plan a photeetup in my end - any suggestions for locations?
Budget is supposed to come in 10% below our proposal for this fiscal year. What I'm looking at now is 1% over. 
wants a plan for today 
@hot_chocers yeh ... how was it ??? i got to sit around and talk about a marketing plan  how depressing
I still can't tweet  despite best efforts.
wonders what's wrong with the program.. the compiling phase always failed...  http://plurk.com/p/rr5d3
@GiulianaRancic can I have that meal plan? I need to lose weight too!! 
I like what you say..i'm so sorry if you are angry with me now   it wasn't my intention   i'm so sorry..
Plan to finish this shit work, drop off an extremely annoyed mail to the coworkers and finally enjoy my weekend 
#f1 strategy did not work out for rubens.. 
@AmberConfusion  it's just a phase...
@joincidence agreed - don't know what brawn have done with his strategy - rubens had it in the bag. so frustrating  #f1 #brawngp
Plan A scuppered early when flaps stuck at 0  But could
hugeeeeeee project for 2morrow. 
writing lesson plans 
I really want to go to the lookout by the rivervalley but thats just a terrible plan for right now... 
@arcopolc unlimited plans in plug and play cost around 1300 for same speed 
Business plans are pretty much the opposite of fun 
@NatalieDFrost  4mth approval process for major project, finally approved, rolled out to 35mgrs and 2 execs now blocking cascade up.. 
revising for contract law 
Coding up my own DeepZoom control, can't even adapt MultiScaleImage for this project ... 
@rustyrockets Any plans for a new podcast? I miss your antics 
I went from 3 plans to choose from, to no plans..!! Not a great start.. 
@yam9972 That's because I changed my plans. 
I would rather be doing anything than this care plan  i hate assignments!
doesn't no what to do  hard decision....
trying to change plans so i can do affiliate convention and affiliate summit.unless i can change things i will miss both 
@dkmashino do you have any recommendations 4 insomnia? 
has got a mortgage bill and council tax bill in the post. I forgot once you buy a flat you have to start paying for it not only furniture 
group projects suck!! save me 
plans ruined 
Cousins just left  starting a new project though
@ABIBAN do you want me to split them up? i am good at crafty plans like this 
english project 
@SLotH13 nahi be..plan didnt worked out 
@lianhua &amp; @iheartsybrows - I'm sorry I haven't finished your projects yet.  I'm working on them, albeit slowly. I promise. 
is thinking she is going to pull an all nighter in order to finish the project! 
don't ruin my travel plans! 
@thehorsesmouth can you ring me as soon as you leave work, change of plans 
I wish I was smart enough to write my business plan   
My plan to stay single until the hsc finishes....seems so fucking far away. hmphhh. 
nooooo my plans for next week just went down the drain. all booked out. damn it. waited too long. 
ughhhhhh  English project
@tsuei there were xi'an plans? anyway i think london in july is out for me because i can't take leave 
is exhausted by the project demo 
financial administration 
needs another project 
@feebsquared damn! I have plans. That would've been awesome 
boring friday for me. hubby will be out wif his colleagues tonite n i m left wif no plans. 
I've now gone from being slightly concerned to being very very concerned.  This is not a good development 
I need a plan to workout 
Plan B magazine shutting down 
A decision has not yet been reached. I'm still white for now.. 
I see disaster on my financial planning grade 
doesnt have any plan for tomorow 
@hannahgturner yeah that's not so bad but enough to goof up making plans 
there went all my plans 
delays in my personal and professional projects....feel so helpless!! 
@schmelmel haha. two unrelated comments. sunny side up is an album being released 6/1. summer plans tba. 
Not done with my econ project but I have to get to sleep!!! 
 no more arrested development. i am sad.
plan may changes , nooooooo 
is sad she got her plans cancled 
No launch today. Teacher changed plans and we watched a stupid move about tesla 
projects suck 
@TeelaJBrown i know, i was on the list, but had to miss out b/c of conflicting plans  how did it go?
at 1st they said yes but it looks like they scratched that plan b/c of the supply demand  @travoloso
@hatcherdogg Would love it but have plans 
bored  and sleepy and listening to music :p doing project :S
not sure where the real state market is moving  confused either hold or go ahead with the plans?
Breaking the daily build broke my daily plan as well 
About to present my project. 
@LimeIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  #twpp
ughhh. i think my plans are ruined. i was excited too. 
@egsa no plan currently 
@theloudninja Not by choice.  I have to use it for that one project that never ends!
I hate when a program freezes during installation.  
@lilxcutiesworld He played the song but didn't send it out as a request 
@ledoug actually was planning on working @ w12th but alas meetings kaiboshed that plan 
Awaiting reply from two projects. One cancelled. 
@LiquidToffee No plans tonight? .............  
ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS. 
has made a decision and will stick to it although I'm really not sure it's the right one 
@materialistic i know i suck.  my data plan is weak sauce.
love to but  already got plan  going to queen mary !
I hate that I have to make this decision so much sooner than I anticipated. 
@zthebody well if u by urself y u didn't text me so we cab make plans?!? *smh  n WTF do u plan on murderin sum1??
@kathooper YES, please. I don't own it, and I've always wanted too  But it's definitely one of my faves, so sounds like a plan ;)
@kathooper YES, pleaseee. I don't own it, and I've always wanted to  But it's definitely one of my faves, so sounds like a plan ;)
@_jbell not anymore  plans fell throughh
@Balance510 lol nope plans got canceled 
Sadness.  I don't have plans tonight 
listening to the getaway plan 
@nemosocean awww!   we all just met... what project are u working on?
Today's plans are changing.  I hate when stuff changes at the last minute.
@Miragi all my plans have sexy names.  I remember when I started operation: masturbate with marshmallow fluff... may have said too much.. 
@Taynted_lyfe that's what I'm saying there were 5 of us now down to two  you might be getting another proposal soon
@holyschmoke I don't know! I think maybe he intercepted the kidnapping plan &amp; has gone into hiding 
construction on the gwb 
@SassyDiva15 MiLFORDD I know  . We need to finish that project I need a 95!!
almost done my social studies project! yay! listening to owl city &amp; thinking of new video ideas. tehn studying + more projects. ugh! 
Editing a project I simply can't wait to get off my plate 
Plans are ruined 
@jmancini77 how about capital funding is non-existent for an #ecm project? 
Only thing dropped == plan 
im a planning person yet all my plans are getting f-up, some1 help me 
Tummay eche  really considering just going back to sleep...seems like the best plan...
@rbarnhouser damn wish I could I had plans but those got canceled now I'm taking the twins out and B'more is 45 mins away from me 
change of plans...NOT going tonight 
all wkend plans cancelled due to rain 
no plans again tonight  
i really don't want to do this english project. 
plans are canceled. 
never seems to get to the movies! I even make plans, but it just doesn't happen 
So tired  did not plan on being out this late
@hintswen since a few weeks ago - awesome additions, but thwarted my plans 
dislike changing timings, stretched programs &amp; last minute developments...usually operating on a very tight schedule. 
I just made a wrong decision 
economicsss project  its too early for this.
@CousinJustin Awww...  I know, that did not play out according to our plan!
It's hard to plan a menu when you can't eat 
@MinaScope u aint request me  tear! http://myloc.me/2byH
@likethedisease 22  pages isn't a proposal, it's a solution 
OHMYGOD. my plans are shattered 
change of plan i not going 
an ad for PITCHMEN, the program that I'm watching that's wonderfully captioned - ISNT CAPTIONED. 
finishing projects, so much to do 
@itstayce haha!! i was supposed to see them in concert but my plans changed last minute 
change of plans 
This project is the worst! 
working on yearbook project 
@PDOTtheSTAR ok those plans failed  can we reschedule pleaseee
@JenVu_s2 I have to present my grad. project! 
thinking about new marketing plans and another business venture  gotta dream big 
@kattiev was that program that i was talking about on?! if it was, i missed it 
irked. I can't find my menu plan for this week. And I can't remember what was on it. 
@hp4ever13 I hate projects too.  
cancelling my trip plans 
@nosceteaeon i'm *trying* to follow @denmother94, but she hasn't accepted my request to stalk her. 
Gaaah, closed on Sundays   ah well, trying the backup plan.
doiing project  which is totallly lame.
@SiniraF sorry hannay! I'm working on my final project 
morning, back to school for me,  I am looking forward to summer holidays already.Plan to get the dust off and load some film in my cam.
i am hoome from campus~ finally over, marketing project! 2 more projects to goo 
The missing plan is too depressing. It'll take awhile to confirm what happened. We have to wait 
Morning everyone. Its going to be a hectic monday.  i hate starting a new health plan.
huff.still running on my geography project 
@chrisfarber plus their new plans means LOTS of lost jobs... 
@laure_f Not going according to plan much? 
@vpieters It's really tempting, though ironically (?) i'm too busy with my own projects 
i suppose i best get started on this geography project . 
@kwarfield Awww  but I'm excited for you! Now I get to plan my visit!!
working on my excel project 
My project just fell apart 
@mrshl And I just read it more closely...and see that my plan doubles in price.    I was all happy, now not so much.
No more Plan Bs 
I like projects? Just not that many projects at one time  I get paid to do projects.
soooooo all my plans for my thesis research have been rejected. 
just noticed #emusic is changing their cost structure. looks like a 5 buck increase for the 50 plan 
@wendywings Sounds like the decision has already been made 
@kristinameakin That plan was severely lacking in execution! 
@dolendae yay knitting!  I haven't had a project in so long 
ugh i hate projects 
winter is limiting my tramping plans... 
@zebedeejane No guarantee btw that this will get made - v early stages and they always develop more projects than they make anyway.. 
Plan to go home earlier..but as usual cannot lah.. 
all business plan, all the time... 
It's lunch time , no frosted flakes , crap   Plan B buffalo wings and stale pizza
I forgot to put my lesson plans back up on the board today and state came. I got written up. 
It was really good. We had a change of plans last minute and went to jamaica so no mexico 
working on english project 
working on my project 
@brandiev great list! i'd add one: have a definite maintenance plan. otherwise, it all comes back on... 
@dougluberts i got out bid. good for you. sad for me. 
Tocino breaks my diet plan! Urrrggghh! it's totally my weakness! 
I hate projects. Ugh. I'm so sleepy 
@mercerch Expecting a cancellation of plans with a good friend. 
@chromestory Where can I find that package? I've been waiting for so long! 
@sarahaccident My plan is flawed 
wonders why it is hard for me to make a decision,i don't want to regret it again 
@thegam310 But it was key to my plan 
Probably failed at project. 
biiitches, i did not cancel last minute! there was never a casa plan, i thought we were going to smoke some  @celinebratanata @grasha11
@Artisha_B u hav plans anyway 
@hawaii1 I don't know if I can trust this person, but I want to and it's becoming increasingly difficult to make plans and actually do it 
@ecastillo q mal plan 
@yogijazz - she used a pic of an iris so i thought maybe it was you.  no summer plans just the usual - work lol!  NO i didn't...migraine! 
I had to finish payroll early to work on this project for the laywers that i so dont feel like doing 
@rusfoster how come your xen plans cost so much more? 
@daveyboy629 thanx for not including me in your plans once again! I feel neglected. 
I just realized i have a 25/80 vision  lol that's so bad!
Plans changed  go to dennys... on foothill
It's still raining  Plan B was to get some sculpting done but my brother borrowed my laptop and it has all my reference. Plan C, DVD?
@nicolecates no, I think I may be able to actually make that so that works for me.  but yeah, tonight I still have no plans 
@jonincalgary would love to join but have plans. #worstforlastminuteevents 
nevermind on my hiking plans, is going to rain 
@WangOut no austin???  ruining my plans.
@wordsyouwield You can't make plans and then not show up. 
@drewryanscott Awwe you only have 0 bids 
So what to do tonight because all of my plans seem to be be back firing on me 
The next person to make plans with me better have some intention to actually see eachother. 
@Treewisher yo, how do you see the public timeline? i cant find it... 
talking about wedding plan well i would help but ur there i am here in apopka it sucks to be me. 
i wish it was july, all my plans for june were shut down.. no more ny or demi 
and yet i still have to go to the other room to hold the buttons.. Plan fail  xD
Fucccccccked up plans again 
I'm thinking of this business plan, bisnis oh bisnis 
@fikabayasut it's fine i'm just dissapointed and don't know who or what to blame  hows your plan with ech honey?
Oh, just got a tax bill. 
@myCMPS Apparently it's sold out. And I have plans I can't cancel 
Home sick  lots of plans being cancelled.
Working on gov project! 
no palm pre for me. i'm not eligible to buy it because i have the employee referral plan. 
its saturday and i have no plans 
food was evidently a bad plan  now i feel sick
Working on a geo project! 
wow! saturday and i have no plans! wtfffff? is it a sign of me getting old??? 
Is a little bummed that he doesn't have any plans now 
bored tonighttt. anybody got plans they want to invite me in??? 
@jhgrant good plan, but: 
shipping plans screwed up... 
sooo tired. projects 
Taylors name is in the program... 
@lacouvee I believe that's the plan, if she finds me here, I don't see her in the lobby though 
@thomasdurden no plans for touring here in the philippines? 
@NiggalessCage out I think  his plans didn't involve me *sobs*
@JimmyVentura awe poo  we had plans for like a monthhhhhhhhhhhhh
needs some plans.... SO BORED! 
no plan again. 
change of plans... i'm home bored 
@waterlou @hkdom I want to go too! But no budget 
doing my final project 
studying for the project... 
@MarkLim @tokikot globe doesn't offer unlimited data unless youre under corporate plan! 
damn parents make me give up my plans to babysit! not cool not cool at all 
going up to wright state.....stupid project  I should still be sleeping
@RespectMileyC u know i was gonna come to australia for further studies.. but my plans have been cancelled 
aw, youtube won't play with me...  bad request notsomeness
Not feeling well....all the plans canceled 
@swingoutsister wishing I could see you perform tonight, but unfortunately other plans got in the way. 
@KRYSIECENT I'm sorry you're still sick  I thought you worked ystday that's why I made no plans for us
...what's up with that?  made me think about my decision all over again v_v
@project_bleu 
@mightyatom I think your plans beat mine. 
@roadtozion I know I know, I ruined our plan 
@silentponderer8 I would say go to panera with me, but I'm going there to work on a group project 
@tricil unless they've changed the policy, unfortunately not 
{!} hates geography {@} glad you only need one credit {#} project = 
@koehlerlange i wish.  we're getting a new plan+phones when the contract is up and i don't think that's until october!
Trying to write lesson plans for my takeover and other homework  fml
I have to finish this project. 
@Stevemo09 I have no plans at all... 
ugh i have to do english project but i'm too lazy to 
@kristianc I just did a project on canada so hard 
bday plans fallin through already  stuck inside....again!
@shiftedcrazy if I give you a medal made of chocolate I fear I may fuck up your meal plan 
@KiaFab2 sounds like a plan. It will be just me tho. M is not feeling well and at his moms. 
This trip may not be made after all.    I won't let myself get disappointed, though, I'll just make different plans...
yay for having NO plans tonight 
ahh the project isnt working now. gah 
i hate this project i need photo shop 
@himvats No I stil havent taken any decision on it 
#iremember wen the biggest deadline I had to worry about was the science fair project. I wanted to make the volcano, 
@lewisusher I hell want one but I have to finish my hiptop plan 
is doing another contract review 
All my or our plans are spoilt. 
well my sunbathing plan has failed its now raining 
@reesp no isn't exicitng, furniture is horrible, we'd made plans for getitng some etc and now all messed up 
is currently making improvements to the commision project 
one half of gillian's great plans has gone kaput. the second half might as well. 
I am really sleepy  and having issues figuring out how exactly to do this next project...
@XxEMxX I knoww! I missed you  How goes plans for laptop repair?
just got done cleaning. gahhh. no plans yett  i should make somee
don't know where to start..my project report! 
AHHH! I effed up my project that I've been working on for DAYSS!!! 
@hellonurse20 if i stay in this program i only get 1 
@loldave seriously. shows you what our priorities are.  #iranelection
I'm trying hard to do my physic's project.. but it's boring.. and I'm tired! I didn't sleep well 
@exit_strategy uncalled for 
okay.. hmm, Plan B. i must sell something.. hahaha!! need to get like 372.90. got about 20 right now  wtf! hahaha, hmm.. guitar? No!!
@alabamawhirly  but I love your package.
really sad about meeks' decision 
has many journeys to plan, why weren't we blessed with wings? or teleportation 
This project is huge. I'm ready to be done now 
@coreyperlman I would if I could, it's for my husband and I'm not excited about the plans! But we've put it off for 2 Fridays now. 
ss project 
haven't finished my calculus project! ugh 
Sometimes you made the right choice, but turns out it is a specious decision 
@OrganicLife we want to,but board of health has such strict regulations that we aren't really allowed too 
So much for making plans 
@endlessblush Still feral   It's impeding on my eating plans too. Not cool.
@haikristen we can't wednesday, we have plans 
my diet plan failed once again... 
@seantindale I'm working on a few projects. There is some action going on here. But no opportunities if that's what you are looking for 
@Flyness you mean literally proving out your plan or working on your books??? I'm working 
@ernestatnike any plans to make the glides in widths? 
plans for a team outing flopped...  ... pushed out by another 2 weeks
Filling out funding application 
Tonights truffle project did not go as planned 
looking on C# and asp.net code...  but looking forward for my one year old jacket project.
@breeze_in you forgot about our plan to get famous 
* There's a strong STORM! So.. I've had to cancelled my plan... * 
Plan today: hold it together...all day, then crumble this evening, refresh and do it all again tomorrow, and then the next day too 
there goes my nice plan... no more sun... 
just tried to sneak out of business but paul is in the cafe, plan failed 
@casstrash NOOOOOOOO, there goes our plan 
It is so difficult to program efficiently if all you have is a toothpick... 
again, genting plan cancelled 
i'm scared.  my plans don't seem possible.
@flossip I hate programs like that 
@carlinLewisiana yea I do I was supposed to go for essence but there was a change in plans I'm goin to the A 
having e-mail problemes... my project never left my outlook yesterday.. 
I no longer have plans for this evening. 
I hate change of plans 
@mattycus I really don't see how you could be blamed. You didn't actively recruit for the guild and it was the other's decision to join. 
so many plans to be made 
I hate when plans change. I am so not flexible that way 
@gaipan alredy got plans for fourth.  
booo. bejeweled is done for construction. 
I hate when my manager gives me a project i cant finish 
I'm going to eat a popscile and draft a plan for a domain migration. 
@kellysays if you didn't live across an ocean i'd totally bid on your acoustic  i need one
Why are data plans so expensive for phones 
Plan ruined 
Having to make a decision.. It's really stressing me out. 
@sakshijuneja so our plans for friday are on a halt 
Working on my Stoki-project again. It's too boring to continue though 
all plans canceled 
@mistadee WHAT!!!!! This is rediculous, I have plans this evening  raaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!
urgh, why is my vision always so blurry lately? 
@patlike Sounds like a plan. I'm going to hoover up before my mother-in-law and nephew get here. 
can't switch to bb cos I got my sidekick plan when it was only $19. if I switch to bb it'll be $35 
@Alris I guess so, but Twitterberry is such a nice program 
Trying to decide whether to accept flat or not. Horrible decision to make 
i hate doing projects 
one more project done! millions more to go! 
@mintran i hate it but my friend offer me only magento project 
is thinking of getting up to shit right now!!!! damn i wish i could put my priorities first 
don't have any plans for midsummer 
@mcombs agreed... &amp; they have no choice on what carrier, plan, etc... besides, since when did 24/7 availability become a benefit? 
working on 2010 budgets and plans 
working on project 
@mlexiehayden It's not ur fault! I just hate my plans bein interupted 
so AT&amp;T changed their upgrade policy...but I still think I'm left in the dark 
I am a sad panda. They have totally changed the floor plan and I'm pretty much lost right now. 
@RebelAndTheCity aha I will do....but need to finish up my research proposal tonight first.... 
stupid lab tmrw...ruined my plans 
my 21st bday is 6 days away, and i have no initiative or intention to make plans, because there are no plans to make.... a little 
@chiraggupta I will be going to that phase pretty soon 
doc said: bed rest..  sore throat &amp; fever are ruining my plans.. 
i am trying to write a proposal. i am struggling 
@goksparrow i am still making the decision 
@juhhermeetee We have a seating arrangement now  We sit at the very front. LOL.
really wants to watch proposal daisakusen but has no english subs 
still not done in my projects.. 
Writing policy 
@TiffanyWI i changed my plans and not going to wpc anymore 
he's going to die soon  watched the proposal
Waiting for the health insurance guy. Trying to be optimistic about my plan options after three surgeries. 
At professional development..... 
@feiticeira   When will that project wrap up?
@xstefakneex is sick  I have to work on this project and can't keep her company
@ovillela Thats the plan! But not sure if the battery will last! 
@jonaskevin my plans are to study for my exams  what are your plans?
Doing project now..ugh too much content to squeeze in. And it looks like my group is going nowhere, barely finishing 
@johndawe Didn't know about it  I have other plans.
wishes he was faster at creating network architecture presentations 
@annamori with voda, but want whoever has the best plan. It's gonna cost a bomb  wondering if I should go a business plan instead
@alderirish it was me...there was construction and I got confused! 
government done gone and took my baby! handing off a research project of two years to the main dev group for maintenance is difficult 
Thunderstorms ruined our park plans 
I want to know your plans, and how involved in them I am, when they raise the landing gear will your heart stay here? 
12 and a half hours on and I'm still at work. Plan to come back in at 7 too. 
@thejennyrae for real! I don't my plan expires till november   its so beat.
@thejennyrae for real! I don't think my plan expires till november  its so beat.
I hate construction!!!!!!  http://twitpic.com/7s0iy
I hate when plans get changed for stupid reasons 
Plan to go gym before homes, but having a blocked nose. This is frustrating! 
@anvimal yes, but that is for the value combo 1199 plan, we used to be in a different plan which was grandfathered onto 384..not sure 
still sick  This better not ruin my plans 4 2mrw nite!!!
I'm over being the queen of plan B. I deserve to a plan A !  can't sleep as usual http://myloc.me/4qBH
@grant78uk its over  lol do i want a what?
@Spunsprinkles hey i totally forgot about our plan..prime and toast :/ 
@mahadewa not me  (not prepared to buy out contract) - are you?
On my way to work  who wants to come to the 350 showing of The Proposal?...i could possibly do 235 too
My plans for this weekend were just made for me: humping the american dream (hopefully into submission). 
Weekend is there... very close... hmm, without any plans 
@ryushidude And now everybody knows our master plan 
@yjwu why left out?  wow, can't wait to see the finished product! I leave on july 6th. any big plans this summer?
@carlyhallihan because that plan worked out well  fml.
no plans tonight 
no matter how hard I try, I can not make the net present value of my project positive #pmot 
@smoothcaramel dammit!  i wonder what their backup plan is humm.. I call soon, bout to take off now weeeeeeee
@queermonkey89 That sucks.  Is this affecting your plans to move?
@benpike that kinda makes me sad.. i thought the loyalty plan was really cool of t-mobile 
Plan B did substitute plan A, so now I'm stuck with plan A 
Plans went to shit 
thunder might ruin our plans 
I just read on emusic about their plan changes. Sucks that I will basically have to pay $10 more to get the same amount of credits now. 
@binkybottom: you forgot our plans already? I feel so ignored! 
Trying to convince @izziesquared to turn around to exit in my town. Plan failed. 
@wickedpoptart @midlifechick I have no plan- just grumbling and increasingly disinclined to fill in all that private information...unsure 
...But from recent personal experiences - my plans do NOT always fall through 
@angelicatrimble I have no plans 
@eserehT27 sweet.  too bad my exercise plans have gone to shit 
I'm done with the baldrige application development workshop. now the next step is make an applicatiom  pressure!
My plan has just been ruined!!! 
wonderland plans were a fail  boo tanya
jeebus. only took 4.5 hours to finally settle on a pet insurance plan, and i still didn't get all the coverage i wanted. no wellness. 
The Proposals all sold out 
Not watching the proposal. 
@sayhaybeca it's actually iron maidden and simple plan. even billy joel is in there  embarassing.
@twitailyn not going now  change of plans
@YouKnowTheName lol. I know right. All the plans don gon out the window. 
@andralakadrizzy das wassup I had plans but I'm staying in.. 
Most of my affiliates are on a revamp. 
Hates it when my plans don't work out 
Home   Missing the beach... But plan to go back soon!
i cannot find any research proposals. 
rather depressingly I think I will only be able to fit, at most, one neural network into my new project 
@schmmuck hmm...i think the plans hv changed... 
My plan to have a lie in didn't go to plan - been up since about half 7. 
Why isn't my project over yet? 
change of plans tonite  x
is awake, no plans 
i'm sick. i think. stupid immune system. i had plans today 
hey. . . . Just arrived in durham. . . Plan on gettin very drunk tonight. . . . .Its pouring down with rain tho 
Waiting to click my favorite program until i'm unlock 
was looking forward to tonight but yet again my plans have fallen through. 
My plan is foiled  http://twitpic.com/7wbcs
Still trying to consolidate three project schedules into one and resource them all. Not enjoying this at all 
@nigs Unfortunately, I think we are out of plans  The play has been better in the second half though !
cherry picking plans canceled 
Cellular data plans are outrageously expensive.   $30 a month?
my boss totally just ruined my plans for longboarding and relaxing all day 
@nickborelli I can't come  I forgot I had already made plans.
@gallowsofficial will Spain be in any of your future tour plans? 
Going to see The proposal!! But wishing I was with ashhiieess 
@estherxu projects suck 
@HerEvilRoyalty awww  poo.  *nudges brother and whispers evil plans*
saturday night plans fell through 
aw #save you by #simple plan makes me sad 
manafonted during phase 2   meteored for 2025!
@Kyleroeger between tstorms and other plans i couldnt make it  so sorry. was bummed i couldnt go i wanted 2 meet you and street team it up
Cancellations of plans.  oh well. This just means I get to catch up on my reading and sleep!
@pskennedySOS yesss I know! I live in commerce so I'm surrounded by lots of lovely lakes. my boating plans tonight fell thru though 
@cmalesic sounds like a good plan! .... I'll have to wait till I'm fully recovered from back surgery 
my knee is all f'cked up! my plan for today was going to see &quot;The Proposal&quot;. last minute plans cancelled 
I desperately need to make more plans 
The proposal was pretty funny. I enjoyed it, and ryan reynolds. Though I am still upset that he's married to scarlett johannson 
i have this wonderfulll plan but i probably cant do it 
the getaway plan are so beautiful. Strings &lt;3 i miss them already. 
You may solve this issue by reimporting all projects data files every time you reopen the project  Finally the export is broken f*** this
just a pity I dont have a data plan, that cost nearly 1 euro 
No!!!! Its raining!!!  there goes our plans for a barbecue!
went from having plans tonight, to none at all. 
@lucyyhale i LOOVEED prvileged so sad it didnt get picked up again  what other projects are you currently working on??
i hate when plans don't work  i need something to do tonight
@myairwaves Thanks so much for letting me know... I was going to take my camel out for a walk later but now my plans are scuppered 
@ldylzycrzy I have two that i cant seem to edit until i can afford to buy a program. I used to use my bfs and now i can't. 
@dexterrl I want to plan!! 
@CarolinaCanes I can't. I made plans already 
Totally bummed out that we combine rooms right at 3, my plans for my kids totally just got shot to pieces 
@Triplelsociety I know sweets sorryyyy... my plans got all messed up! 
@PGALC yes &amp; no - they haven't made a decision yet 
@Papapishu i had only a vague urge and no concrete plans. tonight i hafta write an editorial 
you made up. dressed up. messes up plans I set in stone 
awww il my plans have been cancelled for the day  rawr!
it's awesome when everybody cancels our plans at the last minute 
@trypleight I did. Even signed up for the 5 dollar/100 plan. They said i had to apply the carrier settings. Which I did. It still fails. 
I hate when my plans don't work out 
@jadomingo hey ms jo, really excited to see you again but i'm afraid i can't come watch with you guys   i've made plans already...
Doing work so I can have time to chill, but ever time i finish it. a new load of bs gets piled up  fuckin school aka Plan B
@stevemoustache nice! ive been looking at plans and they are so much for so little with rogers 
Working on this final project.... 
has just found he has to do another uni project! 
@OsoFabulousMiMi I don't see it  u using reg aim or beejive program? It rocks!
@KulpreetSingh not yet   You have big plans for friday??
no plans yet for the evening 
Q: what do u do when you get given a project to work on that goes totally against what you stand for?  A: cry!! 
I don't know if I madethe right decision 
sat in science doing a solar system project 
@realjohngreen There've been so many attempts to slash library funding here, it SUCKS 
eating alone, everyone have plans 
project report prep 
@sundotshine What happened to plan A? 
@LttleSnowflakes I'd like one of those too but it's definitely not in the budget 
Sitting in traffic just crawling along I hate construction 
ahhh...bill bill bill...  my pay's gone by just paying bills.. hmms
@bomb_dot_com but i dont want to pay for the data plan  Its like $30 extra dollars a month
 I hate budget cut. It's not making me happy.
before the storm.. i had plans! blaaah 
Thunderstorms have ruined my plans 
damn my plans 4 2morrow r cancelled now wat am supposed to do 
@stevonelson  I like that one. I've used it on a project here.
My blog is set and ready for next plan,'planning next plan', 
@kishorcariappa Don't worry, I have more than 10 defense plans, trying the 1st plan now 
starting new project! full of happiness 
@Kaydeescrafts still though you were happy enough with the description of it  it helps. A project I am working on.
@llamakevin that's scuppered my plans then!  I hold you personally responsible! lol
I'm glad that I made the right decision! 
@christinastrain When I get closer to finalized plans, I am going to pick your brain. 
@dzuelke convince @ijansch first. I'm working on an existing project right now, so not an option to switch 
emily is happy because of the new parenting plan, cortney. 
Now back to my regularly schedule program 
Uhg I supposed to be typing a bibliography.....but I have other plans 
@girllawyer $20 would have been out of my budget 
@PureCognition thank you for the followfriday!!!  checking out the recommendations now 
@JoseSPiano always a tough decision 
yuckkk projects and hw but then out with my bestestfrannnds 
@kayCO3 Sounds like a plan!!! 
@PJIII I dunno it's just a request 
yay my package came!! 
@schlanghole let me write up a business plan and I'll get back to you asap   thanks for the opportunity.
@asherroth so i think you should follow me..sounds like a plan 
@SadikMorshed I guess you'll have to get started on a new plan. I do prefer somewhere warm, for the record. 
@Ksloss they will if you work on my project for me...remember 3 
@PaulaMarttila - that was my intention 
Is going to sleep and thinking about a big decision 
@HotWet Ah so you can chill for the evening now. I had a sleeping tablet about 30 mins ago. Plan to have face in keyboard in 30 mins 
@fullsizebarbie change your plans, LOL 
done with the project.... 
Just landed a new contract 
@Schofe sounds like a plan!!!  x
What are my plans for today you may ask?? Why make plans of course. 
Baking and doing the project with Shmillerrrsss 
@heromancer mhmmm... what are these plans? 
@lynnakay just send kim a request, I have 
@dannywood So happy you have joined.  It just wasn't the same without you!  What are your plans now that the spring tour is over?
The best plan ever! 
Camping was cool. Plan of attack for today; scrubs season 5, beginning to end. Beats college 
@cassandrasteele Unexpected plans are the best 
: great, my project is approved 
@vincentstinks Sounds like a plan 
Hopes of new projects killed my hunger 
@brisvegasbrogs at least you know. and you've got a plan! 
@timjeffries done  I'm sticking with my current plan
woohoo @leightonmarissa just confirmed my request! 
being efficient today, got a plan and it does include colours - lots of them 
@HenrikeFHirsch next time you have health claims i suggest you go to manila. excellent service for the same health plan plus hotel room 
@JoshFulfer I believe there is no such decision 
@Shadowsaiyanryu yes dear. I miiiight be able to make a project out of it actually. Your Twitterpic will be used. 
@iamlinus thats always a good plan. I was in the park thowing freesbee 
@letsridebikes lol, you know it! Sounds like a plan to me 
watching arrested development 
@8073N to me, if it's ghibli, I have to watch. Even if it turns out to be bad, I just feel I have to follow their development 
@psibreaker its always good to have a back up plan 
@NightShade10 I've been out here for about 5 years now  and have no plans on returning .. just yet.. its good fun and always interesting..
finished french project!!! YAY!!!!!! 
is starting her new project... 
@stylescoop will check them out  @shahil will make a plan to get it from you
@MagicMittens Is that a wednesday? I'll mark it down now so I don't make any plans. 
@YogaArmy: sounds like a plan!  
@TreeBanker Yay for putting together a huge reforestation deal 
@zackXcore go join a military project i'm sure they'd help you out 
@lammsu good plan! And a bed as well 
@effingcards Thank's for your recommendation 
@cassiusaway it went to plan then 
Working on bible project. Actually enjoying it!!! I love the bible 
@danielfowler you can take my 3 exams next week and write my business plan if you'd like  haha
@neveroddo i am in agreement! 
Plans change for the better 
working on some new projects 
I really need to sleep more.  .......new project coming soon! 
Just put together a couple of binders to keep me organized with my new projects 
@RandomRambling Sounds like a good plan. Just what exactly are you scratching and sniffing? 
@ScarlettDane Sounds like a plan 
@AmmoxXx Sounds like a plan  talk to ya on msn x
@bigbadbob75 good, so what's the plan? 
@IndywoodFILMS I'm working on it!  I'm very interested in your approach in funding your project...
@mynameismarkus i did - whoopie.. studytime methinks 4 this one ! lol our plan is back on!! 
@yangified nooo i missed you too!  what are your future plans? coming back yo cisco? 
@Eganaholic Sounds like a plan! 
plan on making a offical web sit soon 
@sushikat99 that's the current plan 
just finished health project  bout to hit the hay
Just wrapped up the initial phase of a new project. So psyched to get it going in earnest in a day or so  I love new ideas.
@ClaireBoyles good tip..... but then my boss would read .... exactly what im supposed to do and would know where I was with the project 
?and make your own pledge while you're at it! 
Anyone plan on revolutionizing real estate this week? 
@WirelessWoman yes but 75% are on the wrong wireless plan 
finally finished my marketing project only took me 7 hours..now just hanging out and relaxing 
Plan, successful? 
@amyserrata in the sun and changing my default icon just for you  what're your plans?
@abacab1975 good plan darling 
Working on a project plan 
@tristanwilds he? tweet? :] what plans ?ou got for toda??  x
@project_bleu buyyyyy itttttttt 
Edible arrangements Nomnomnom 
@kushanmitra what will happen to your dieting plans 
@MsAccidental  sounds like a plan.
is up doing design work after a successful proposal presentation 
yeaj! ... nu hat mein macbook auch applecare protecion plan 
@ginacorral chamillionaire - back up plan! 
@DavidArchie I truly enjoyed your appearance on the two local programs. 
@rudolforsag - that's a good policy 
@UpperCrustMaids Sounds like a good plan, but hopefully you mean 2009!  
Just had a very enjoyable night out with @justintabari and @DreamSight discussing future plans! 
@KatyCaptivated that's even more exciting!!  have any plans to celebrate?
Here's some of my projects  http://twitpic.com/47krk
@DavidArchie hi david  how were the shows? so do you have any plans on going to davao sometime soon? 
home right now. considering subscribing for digi data unlimited plans. comments? 
@iHugoF  I'm not the one allegedly affected by that disorder but it's true that the plans to go to bed before 4 failed miserably... 
I might have made a stupid decision to some, but overall I had fun tonite 
Should probably sleep.  had fun at megans working on the project.
What would be really interesting is to see their fee's from each project on 'logomyway' 
@greeksarah good plan 
Plans for our #roadtrip in september are firming up. We've got 4 hotels booked and another 3 chosen 
I have got a plan to lose it all 
@twisted_utopia Ahhh a request! I shall jump on that for you, m'lady 
this weekend has been food paradise, though now i feel so guilty.. self pityed. from now on i'm going to continue my old health plan 
@zaher not my intention i assure you 
@msstatedawg under contract 
@goodlaura Sounds like a plan 
Plan: 1. eat, 2. move what's already in my car, 3. come back for computer &amp; cat, 4. call it a day and actually sleep at the new place. 
just did my project  eating pastsaaaaaa saladddd.
a+ mcp then amateur radio exam, then my transport cpc. That's the plan for next 12 months 
done with lesson plans . . . yay ! going to hit some golfballs 
hmm so ill finish typing and then go running.....good plan. good plan indeed 
@MandyAL simple plan is awful 
i have a master evil plan!! muahahahahah.. nerdy i know....: 
@ChrisMillerJr we are testing several programs, one of them could do this 
@MaryAliceHale Sounds like a plan.  I think we should.
@alexbrown1972  change of plan as the install data isn't in yet.. Vstuff it is!
plans on waking up early to go run... in hopes that it will make her magically skinnier for wakeboarding in the afternoon. 
@Rawrrgasmic I'm good. Plan is to do some more writing and that's about it!  x
is about to start a new design project  and promises herself that she will not become too disillusioned too soon
Finally my current project is abt to get complete. 
@natalieannem it's a plan then! We'll go to europe and stalk the ghosts of past royalty 
@stuartgh I'm building up a project package to unload on them later this year. It's my plan to help strategise A&amp;E and get a better job 
have done the photoshoot for my secret project with @dyansavitrie and nurul 
@aynarahs:  good plan, go swim! and tel me what does aynarahs mean?!
1 tut down, 123981 projects to go!! 
mcdonalds for a treat between revision...sounds like a plan 
just got to wait for it to synchronize policies and then I can kick it out of the live network 
@timrosenblatt we're all on @cotweet now, get with the program 
@ShellyKramer More in some areas than in my immediate area. They really don't bother me. I just have to plan for longer drive time. 
@carcrash_heartz is it wrong that my big plans are movies and sleep?!  how 'bout you?
thinks that maybe dropping out of uni and becoming the next Eurovision entry could be a good plan 
changes his plan to go home early, being with his lovely wife! 
@bugsandfishes sounds like a good plan to me 
is making plans for her anniversary 
@bethchristou And what a proposal! 
@countryvicar Now there's a cunning plan. 
@DorkyDoll Sounds like a plan. Looking forward to it  I miss ya!
Finished a request! 
@karenpurves not up yet.  we're in agreement though.
@scheru @SudokuBear sure!  Sounds like a good plan 
Creating a side project 
@khali_blache A good plan! You could have a million (more) fans worldwide 
@Tripdash whats the plan guys? 
At work, just got another party to plan, that's already two... I like it though! 
@alsutton you are too clever by half - you have a fairly devious mind backed by clever plans 
Awww i now have plans.. wooo 
@dariachenowith ...you should do that...no, I like your plot...so go plan away, but don't stress yourself 
@brittnaaykinns my project is beastier. 
any plan for taking microwave for your minor? please take it! 
#followfriday recommendation/shout out to @toddbrink  
@KateAnthony can't tell you how relived and excited I am to hear that! Thanks so much for including me in this project 
@davidspade honestly is always the best policy 
@crosswalk_com.......A heavy project indeed. You're welcome 
@travisfitzwater  but how can you be certain it was an organic decision?  LOL!    good for you!
@Babasfarmlife  run virus program and malwarebytes 
working on a business plan (100% realistic) for online learning company and a project plan (0% realistic) for product management class 
@iwantblood lol that's always a good plan  i want to gooo
@jasonbentley Still, though, the project you were working on was pretty cool. 
@athajames we trust your recommendation. it must be yummyyyyy 
@mattsingley I'll write the foundation grant and get dentists involved for preventative measures. 
@bltp13 my strategy worked! 
@chellyizastaar hecks yeah i deff plan too  hehe how old r u?
I can give out a full weather report atc style now  flight plans to come...
so many plans. working on the summer list. 
@SistaWAHMs goodluck with your project ! 
@THEflyGIRL  i'm in my mid-20s and just learned this. that's why with any good investment plan, you always account for market changes
@TerrenceJ106 I'm up, thinking of a master plan! LOL! 
@arlindas sounds like a good plan 
@willy_picard I hope so... now I have the second round: to get the authorization and funding to travel 
@projectshrink I already saw an increase of 6 fellow project managers  Now a member too.
