Most common words for this cluster:
[('plus', 141), ('i', 12), ('today', 9), ('headache', 7), ('work', 6), ('day', 6), ('time', 6), ('lot', 5), ('food', 5), ('way', 5), ('im', 5), ('haha', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Plus', 0.9998775720596313), (u'ViziLite_\xae', 0.5075292587280273), (u'MSI_K8N_Diamond', 0.5038407444953918), (u'Sure', 0.4896997809410095), (u'Mulvihill_Premium', 0.4786129295825958), (u'Premium', 0.4702305197715759), (u'Creative_Zen_Nano', 0.4672355651855469), (u'And', 0.46595969796180725), (u'Mulvihill_Premium_Global', 0.4564143419265747), (u'Richard_Schwarm_confidant', 0.45494261384010315)]





@raspberry I am trying only to spend if I have paypal funds, which I don't right now.  Plus cat might need to go the vet again this week.
Is heading to bed after a long day of meetings, sushi and wine!  Plus I have a cold. 
Plus when it's kinda just me... I get a little shy/anti-social, too   time to go home and make lunch
Plus I got exploited, like always. I'm a twat. 
I just burnt my pizza and my left eye won't stop watering. WTF. Plus I have work again tonight 
No wacom for me today  But I'll be driving about an hour tomorrow to get one! Plus, this store has demo models!!
tired tired tired!  6 1/2 hours of sleep between shifts means I'm not a happy camper.  Plus it's hot in here! 
I prefer taking the train home.makes manhatten seem another world.Plus dude is driving too fast.I'm scared 
Plus I have no car  wah wah
@christopherbw You may be right! I'll just have to have my team look to other way as I nod off during the day! Plus I have to hit the gym 
I had a bad headache this morning. Plus I missed my journalism &amp; math classes. 
@950Plus whats up yall...did yall get a new myspace or something cuz i wasn't on ya friends list anymore  lol but how ya been
3 A's 2 B's and pretty proud. Plus i celebrated my 21st a little to hard 
@stop_poking_me You said before that you don't love me! Plus you're always calling me gay, in a derogatory way! 
@0mie I don't like the chocolate one. Plus eating it makes me break out 
has SIX magazine on the brain! Plus printing costs  boo boo
@JessicaStanell and @rmkonves I have no idea what that is besides you dress up and drink a ton... Plus, I made plans 
I need to sleep, but I'm really not THAT tired. But I have a morning start tomorrow, which means sleeping now bad. Plus, need haircut! 
http://twitpic.com/5cust - Plus this!!! 
@majical had an issue with my phone, hoping to get it fixed soon  did david mention we saw him at Plus?
Just dropped my giant coffee in the parking lot.  And said nooooo! as it played out. Plus my phone is acting funky. Grrreat.
TGIF I don't like 12 hour workdays  I need to stand up, run around 4 a while.... too much sitting!!! Plus, I have honest ade tea 2day! YAY
@lilmickee what dey do homie? I wish it would stop raining already!! Plus my vacay is almost over 
http://twitpic.com/67di2 - This is what I meant when I said my skin is terrible. Plus sunburnt chest. 
@akirazenx Plus, they usually win. 
I shall kern you and fix you tomorrow good sir! Plus, your colours be wrong  http://twitpic.com/69507
1 more hour to get tiiiickets. Plus a few more minutes cause theres 5 people in front of me 
@totallytheatre Plus, it's the recession: people want to spend their money on old favourites that cheer them up 
@DJFlyinSquirrel I can't. I work in the afternoon. Plus I don't have cash on me 
@StarbuckViper aw, man!! I'm freakin' outta town on double xp weekend!? Plus, my live subscription ran out! 
@lane24 I was wanting to eat @BrasseriePavil tonight. But hubby is still working in the yard. Plus no sitter. 
@gvegas864 I tried doing this the other day - bt it didn't quiet work out. Plus I had the headphones popping out every second 
Studying!!  I have a few exams those weeks... Plus I have an headache.. 
Studying!!  I have a few of exams those weeks... Plus I have an headache.. 
Plus i can feel my sty coming back 
No wonder my joints are cranky. It's 58 degrees outside. Plus, we have a freeze warning tonight. 
@shasha088 I kno but my outlook inbox is duplicating. Plus,I cross referenced my gmail w my outlook &amp; my gmail isnt picking up everything 
Plus, no (decent) movietheathre here (anymore)... 
@cookiejac Me too  It's no fun. Plus, we need more money for future tour.
@toyaplus1 it's just so far with shitty reception. It makes me sad. Plus he's working ot 
My brain is fried and I haven't even done anything.  Plus I'm way behind on #HarpersIsland episodes and I need to clean..... 
The lappy blue screened again.  Plus my mail didn't come today.  
has a major headache. Plus my water pump just died on my van. I barely made it home.  
Plus my sky tv says no satellite signal being recd so cant watch telly either...aaarrrgh so frustrating! 
I have to do my homework soon, and a lot of it, too  Plus, I have a lot of other stuff to get done tonight. I better get crackin'.
@bunnydozer Not lazy, missy. Actually been crazy busy and they're only open during certain hours. Plus they're 30min away from me 
@girlactor None from me (but then you knew that... no news = no news). Plus, got word that a lottery spot I was up for was cancelled 
@kingbomani damn right! Plus im bored and not many people understand sarcasm in english over here 
@DebbieFletcher How will you survive without twitter when its so addictive? Plus we will all miss your tweeting 
OH and they changed the team rocket song! Plus the pokemon are all rubbish now 
@emileflea I know. Plus I really need to wee but there is no one in the pub. I just went to wee locked both doors and a customer came  xxx
@CarpathiaB Haha, I know!  @melamserious I could, but I'm faaaar too lazy.  Plus I don't know when the mail comes.  
@jesiethegreat i tried but at 5 bucks per i didn't fractly want to buy a lot. Plus i missed the pens game 
does not like the fact that she has three twitter backgrounds for herself to make.  Plus icons. Plus learn to code. Plus finals &amp; packup. 
I wanna skip today, im so tired. Plus i have a headache 
@cascandar I'm more of a dog person myself. Cats always seem like they have something better to do. Plus I'm alergic 
@Eckstatic Plus my fave food is mexican so...  *tear* *sad*
I feel so sick to my stomach. Plus the fan at my register doesn't work 
Waiting for my interview at waji hq, good luck to me? Shes taking forever... Plus my tummy hurts 
I dont want to go to the pool. Plus, I just got a new cut. So I did reject the offer from a friend.  its always tomo
And he wouldnt be hungry so often... Plus he doesnt feel well due to his immunizations. So, he's extra clingy 
Not liking consumer mag's new website  Plus their freeview reports are practically from the dinosaur age. An update is way overdue!
@reeology I know! Plus a cute girl invited me to go with her and her friends... 
Plus she's going out tonight so I guess im stuck playing mom for now. Being responsible sucks sometimes ya digg.    orQUESTra
@vonilicious ...haven't wanted to commit so still haven't bought a pass. Plus, I don't like her friends. They're all obnoxious lame-o's 
Wants to go to bed. Plus I don't feel good 
Wants to go to bed. Plus I don't feel good  maybe I should just take a cab home...
@dplante23 As soon as I can! Been lost building my G-rated empire :-p Plus I broke my camera the other day 
@sam_i_amx94 Plus none of those phones are worth having without the internet. 
Plus, I'm predicting that my internet is going to cut out in 37 minutes 
@roadchickie I must be that new baby smell (or lack thereof) that gives me away.  Plus, I am a few years older 
@AshleeDaKlassic If it's sad, y are u laughin at me  Plus sized models gotta eat ya know!!!
... beyond that, without a lot more effort, I'm useless. I don't know a single song fully through. Plus I can't sing/play simultaneously. 
@moshimoshiyou no cause im moving out wednesday! Plus im filming tuesday, why whats on tuesday? Aw no free dougnutage 
@eight2178 aw, bro. I hope she gets better soon.  there's this bad flu going around. Plus, this weather aint helping.
@Brittanystarrj I had all 4 out.   its still painful n I still can't eat normal food.. Plus this headche won't go away... How about u??
Plus HyperVM of the hosting service I am using was hacked and it appears that all nodes have some level of damage. So box is down also 
@pishako yes! Especially when u payso much for it... Plus u like it so much. So bah.  my flight is 540pm later...
@sparklingsamish I just don't get this still!  Plus, I'm getting crazy followers!!!  whatever...I'll give it a week...
@Plus961 I have been trying 2 convince companies to give us a 3 days WE during summer time ...but in vain 
@ImJusInCredible Plus I wouldn't put there biz out there like that neway. Y can't ppl have private lives ne more? It's sad 
@TheBigKlosowski I was rained on last time...and it was miserable.  The beach right there and you can't enjoy it.  Plus it's expensive.  
@savemegeek I didn't like the way you had to click. Plus, no flash 
Stairs = very bad! Plus I miss my puppies  
Plus I have Ghostbusters to play through til I have to go to work 
Plus, I haven't painted my nails because it probably would look tacky in the interview .. so my nails look so plain 
I miss my redheaded man blanket- it's hard to almost push myself off the bed in my sleep. Plus, he's my excuse to prepare actual meals. 
so lunch rumor a lie. Plus 2 other airlines dumped their passangers onto our flight--seats reassigned; no more exit row. 
@shoelover79 no one wants to meet me. Plus my mum to well atm and I told her to goto hospital but she stubborn and wont go 
@MsJuicy313 SHUUUUTTTT UUUPPPPP! Lol! I was tired damnit! Plus I had that doctors appt  not good news
@asharachal She is not.  She loves me.  Plus red is not as good as green and blue.  And no coffee til my student worker shows up 
@MarleeMatlin why not? I work at one of the hotels you have stayed in and we love having you! Plus your performances are great! 
Plus I hate their new icon sitting in my dock. It glows light blue  re: http://ff.im/45BtO
Hey guys. Just at work now  ahwell looks dead. Plus need to sort out band prac on fri
I am beyond exhausted today.  I have absolutely no motivation to do anything. Plus a nasty headache. 
With most blushes/bronzers I can't tell whether there's a shimmer or not. Plus nothing is in color spectrum order like their site states! 
@cooldeadsex If I wasn't going to disney in the morning i'd be there. Plus I heard it's pretty terrible 
I wish I still worked with @CherylWalls so work would be fun.  Plus my brain is all mixed up and I need somebody to talk to. =/
I don't feel like leaving my house. I want to sit in my room, clean, listen to music and read!!!! Plus, the sky is gray...no sun today 
I'm too comfortable to go and get food... Plus it's too late to eat 
@stidrill Haha yea true.. Lebasket will always have a special place in my heart.. Plus they water em down 
@xxkristeen That was mom.  Plus, I'm not up to taking a leak anywhere else besides the bathroom. 
Plus, I miss my big brother.  
Mornings are grumpy time. Plus the cereal was stale 
Plus I dont think I can get my dad the present I wanted to get him... 
@ThatJonasKidJoe But this girl said that if i did, she'll bully me more. Plus i've already told someone and they done nothing 
@hellakaty: It's 2:30 here and I am wide awake. Plus there are drunk people being loud outside. 
Plus google maps doesn't work well on my phone 
@safetyphoto no dogs.  Plus can't walk, squished my foot at work and am on docs orders to rest 
Plus, that one would probably get stolen all the time and I'd have to pay to replace them 
I hatee going to daddys grave.  Fuckk. Plus I just found out that the bitch is going next to him. -.-
@An_Irish_Brit Plus I've drank all the booze that was left here       
I really want to eat something, but is too late  Plus I will need to make the food, and I'm very lazy haha
@fernandogamit HAHA you guessed correctly. The hoe (jokes) didn't reply back! Plus I was way too excited to wait for her reply 
I feelso ill today.my back and neck is killing me.my feet are hurting.i've got a banging headache.Plus I'm nackered!  had 20mins of sleep!
its a sweltering 75% humidity here with temps at 84 and climbing  what a bummer.. Plus i have to go to work later.  it just sucks
How come everyone is having babies and I can't even get pregnant, life sucks. Plus I can't find my car tax renewal form, bugger! 
@jfer32075 I tired to talk a two year old into getting into the microwave once... but i was a young pup then. Plus he refused 
Being sick can be really cheap when it hurts too much to eat real food  Plus, your friends make you soup
@stugreenham I use the TV Plus app and it works 
It's all going well today; I have to say. Plus my new watch is sparkling 
@IsoCRZY Plus I love the look on all the guys faces when they are hungover and I am not! LMFAOO makes them really mad! 
No prob  It's not as glamarous as you might think, especially in a studio just porting a game.  Plus we're pretty small.
Yes I know mcdees at 1am is no bueno....but I'm starving and its the only thing open. Plus, I didn't get fries this time  ((Joanny))
Plus, it's my wedding anniversary today - 7 years  I love you, @zorgbargle
Shopping with my sis and cousin! Plus flat top grill and yogen fruz 
@s0nerdy Fingers crossed it wont  Plus you'd have to wait 3 weeks before making a claim, mega annoying!
@kayla314 ahhh ikr! he's the cuteset thing ever  Plus it reminds me of twilight which is good cause I looooooove it so much!!
@Maariiaan hahahah yeah, you're right! Plus I'm Twitteraddict so, You'll find me here all (well almost) day most likely 
Plus, if the green apple logo doesnt come up, leave it at the while apple page for longer. this is bcos we have lot of apps to reset 
Not heard anything but feeling a bit more confident about it. Plus i finish in 2 and a half hours 
@AprilR417 Plus - we get this one at work 
Totally cranked at the grocery - $22 in coupons and a $36 bill-&amp; that was at the $$ store. Plus enough hot dogs to last the whole summer. 
Everybody follow @LynneAllbutt for great gardening advice. Plus she's just a fab person and dog lover of course   #followfriday
@jordanknight Plus, u cannot forget about us..we're so close to you guys, which also means the flight arrangements won't be too expensive 
@geeekgurl Actually, I haven't either! But I can imagine. Plus, I thought it was funny. 
@sew_cute Plus I want to overcome my shyness issues 
Possibly getting more fishies with my boyfriend today!  Plus laying out in the pool getting some tan on this pale body!
@StarTrekFanClub nothing special, this will work I'm an adamant spammer hater, but you're now safe. Plus, I will now follow you! A bonus! 
