Most common words for this cluster:
[('plus', 180), ('i', 18), ('day', 14), ('today', 13), ('work', 11), ('quot', 11), ('yeah', 8), ('home', 8), ('time', 8), ('lol', 7), ('school', 6), ('tomorrow', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Plus', 0.9672450423240662), (u'Sure', 0.5634652376174927), (u'MSI_K8N_Diamond', 0.5507192611694336), (u'And', 0.5479381084442139), (u'GADGET_CHECK', 0.5399052500724792), (u'Seriously', 0.5347446799278259), (u'Bassist_Mark_Hoppus', 0.5274664759635925), (u'www.twitter.com_WheelsDeals', 0.5222308039665222), (u'Creative_Zen_Nano', 0.5205049514770508), (u'Now', 0.5203421115875244)]





You know what sucks? Finding out I have a burned out tail light when the stores are closed. Plus, they are not open before I work. 
@amy_mini Hahah no where near enough snow for a snow day. Just enough for cold. Plus Pitt never has snow days 
Oprah needs to go! She is Johnny come lately and here for shallow hipness.. Plus the flood of commercial interest that followed her here. 
Sleepy  Plus I should study 5 chapters for stupid Envo course ,Dunno when can I finish 
@ames1111 Tell me about it... Plus work blocks the streams of the Marathon   oh well, I'm following @bostonmarathon
now that I have seen the red rag I am back on a diet   Plus I may be going to Revolver with Banker on Friday....I need to look my best!
@LynnMaudlin Plus, all British cars leak, and not just oil.  Get in the electronics (ARGH-Lucas) and washed out  #hhrs
@ mnrmg No, I woke up late n didnt have time 2 eat. Plus way 2 busy @ work 2 eat.  Wish I could evolve past eatin. Lol
@nell_xo - I'm off to the cinema with Benjamin, so I can't  Plus I haven't got any money 
@Joanne84 sorry read you message too late.... Plus you always put down Sheffield 
Plus when I finally turn the tv on I fall on Soeur sourire trailer and once again I've this stupid song stuck in my head 
@bazilahali Oh.  I miss reading your long stories, Plus, excellent english! ;)
@emilyryandavis People smirked @ my trusty old guy. I love him, but his buttons are dying  Plus, the bulk when traveling SUCKS
Headache too. Plus the renovation noises upstairs is killing me  Anyway, Bali pictures are all uploaded to Facebook. Total of 355 pics 
@CarlosPoulet Same here. I don't see my bed before 4-5AM (central time)anymore   Plus I am out of a job, so I have nowhere to be but home
Shitfuckdamn I failed again. Plus the next weeks will be full of FAIL. 
Plus i want to try and send the old drive to a data recovery center. I just can't stomach losing everything.  Ugh.
Still not feeling too good today.  Opting to work from home with my central heating, Beechams Flu Plus and cups of tea.
I have got another effing spot. Plus swine flu. My life is over 
Deam, we would rly like to play on this years Woodstock festival in Poland  Plus my rogue is still 77 and I don't have the time to push it
@HariShanker Yeah, wanted to come, but  some problem with planning on my part and I couldn't  Plus am scared of big meetings 
Crashed last night and am just now hearing about Celtics    Plus got to get to school early to help a friend--I am not an &quot;early&quot; person.
@Mem_bizzle Shame on you. Lol I had to restrain myself. Besides too many eye-witnesses. Plus he's awake now 
@fishcube UMID has gone back to Mobilx.  Plus: No car mount, no gps. Akward form factor for a car nav device.
@jstrelsky Yeah um, I'm so freaking tired I may just stay home..... Plus I think you cuz just wanted to hook me up  I got a good man.
is missing Plurk. But err, can't get enough of BBF  Plus this pc is X-( http://plurk.com/p/vibw7
@jeayese Plus you guys have IceTV, which I REALLY miss from living there. 
@princ3ssdim3 I dont have no plans Just to go home and watch the Game. Plus I still have to work early so cant be out partying too late 
@sullivancc14 haha I really don't but I'm going to this workshop at school next week. Are you going? Plus my car is broken right now 
How long does it take Microsoft to action an new 'Technet Plus Direct' order? My CC hasn't been charged; no communication 2 days later. 
Bunco night with coworkers! ... I swear I am not old.  It's a good bonding experience. Plus, I can bring vodka.
Can't sleep. Plus, ASOS is having a sale. I'll never sleep! 
I'm gonna miss it now  Plus no more Ant and Dec for...a long time. #bgt
Anyway, I'm REALLY not looking forward to work. Plus, my ankle is being all stupid.  I thought it was better! Now I'm limping more... 
@ragavin thats the problem. Shadow vs spider, joe vs dragon, then those winners face. Plus crane vs scorp. Just sad all around 
I'm not hungover but I'm heaps tired. Wanna sleep but have assigs to do. Plus have an EC evo begging me to write some of it. What to do? 
I'm cold.  and i'm not going with Tyler tonight. I don't feel like it. Plus i have Baccalaureate tomorrow.
Plus i was soooo excited to get a funnel cake, and i couldn't belive how bad they sucked! Sooo disappointed. 
So tierd of having nothing to do!! Plus the wife is leaving to Fredericton for the week!! Shitty!! 
Plus... I am having Grey's withdrawls, been a few days since I got to watch.  I need my fix!
@xthemusic  don't joke about that, I am praying we get something better than a 15 min presentation of Wii Fit Plus ;_;
Ummm i'll start reading tweets again 2moro...i dont rlly feel like it today...tehe!! Plus my Tweet Deck isn't working right now 
@matthewkempster Hey mate, nah sorry i'm working on tues so can't make it. Plus my cars nackered and its going to the garage tomorrow 
@ebassman I wanted to come out, but I was already comfy on my couch when I heard where you were going!  Plus I'm 7 mo preggo so....yeah. 
@Laura_scarf in theory yes, but I am at work, so I might have to stay late. Plus I have to pay gigantic council tax today  so poorness.
@MichaelBarley  Maybe ;-)  yes I have actually. Plus Hayfever and tiredness 
@fred_beecher HAHAHAHAHAHAAHA, If only I had that type of information my life would be easier. Plus its a desktop app, not web. 
@girl_foo Oooh... paddling pool sounds fab. We're so hot in the office today. Plus, still not quite over the lurgy 
Driving to dance, kindof nervous for the new teacher... :/ Plus, my back is getting worse  Oy, wish me luck!
@PhillyGotBarz  I don't they have fixed it. There are over 8000 complaints and growing.  Plus I can't see  your picture on Tweetdeck  
@MJackiewicz Plus we only get an hour v. Half hour. 
@alanbr82 Sadly, they were all no-shows. It was totally lame. Plus Rusty showed up specifically to train them. It was embarrassing. 
@hoveringdog This is my least favorite part of the CSA season  Plus I feel guilty when I can't eat it all.
It's just gonna be Kate Plus 8 now... 
@cheesivore I don't want to spend the day doing lunch.  Blah.  I've got other things going on!  Plus, I'll lose naptime  
Lukas is a fidgety sleeper.  I think this is why I don't get much sleep. Plus the insomnia.
Wii Fit Plus - Need to buy the Motion Plus plug-in... 
My ribs have lemons between them. Plus sinus headache. Gah. Making tea, but think 7yo is going to be late to school for first time. 
@onebreath Plus, poor Season 3 was cut short due to the writer's strike.  As were all the rest of my favorite shows, lol.
Hmm does the fact that I'm cold and it's 81 mean I'm getting sick? Plus I'm a little woozie and feel throw uppie  fuck
UP has got to be one of the saddest movies I've EVER seen! Two elderly deaths...and one was homicide! Plus, the Cloud short was sad too. 
@bengoldacre Plus the LD seemingly having no firm policys while retaining an air of smugness. They still the least worst option though 
@Angel42579 I guess no followfriday for me   Plus I have gone from 145 pounds to 200! Is their a connection?
@OneTool I wouldn't check the date, it'll be too confusing and will delay stuff. Plus any other day would preclude either me, or Brad. 
@parkplce1 haha but it's gloomy here   Don't worry about the visit, you'll be back!! Plus I'll be in KC in two weeks, dinner with the fam?
@ThatOdieGuy The DMV was freaking closed anyways   Plus there was a crazy car accident right outside my window at work! The 3rd in 6 wks!!
My birthday is in 2 months. Yuck all it does is remind me that I'm getting old and i'm lonely. Plus something bad always happens. 
Gih.  Finally home from work.  13-hour work days are rough.  Plus I have to go back into work tomorrow.  
@kathyems Yeah, it was a little chilly. Plus we think Starbuck might have a cold or something. 
So I went and saw the Pre. Not sure if I want it. Plus my head hurts. 
@Avery_Mariah I have the odd hyper nights  they are bad... Really bad. I run around until 7am the next day! Plus I scream my fave songs.
@majorlyepic but... but. I can't  I'm not sleepy. Plus I'm watching Monty Python.
@thomasrdotorg Hrm... Not likely... Plus PVR on the fritz... 
@xoxKittyxox Well it's not that....I just couldn't afford it. Plus I don't have any transportation   
@Plus961 I will really be upset if Bassil loses. 
@Finrz Same. Plus I have a show this week. Sweet 
Sigh, life. Plus my period is making me all sad  I feel like crying off and on.. have since I woke up.
@MsMandz I have shows to watch   Plus I still have to eat dinner. Maybe another night this week.
http://twitpic.com/6vwct - being sick is not fun! Plus, I'm all out of tissue *points at toilet paper roll* 
I can't sleep once more. Plus, watching Dairy of the Dead is making me less sleepy 
So bored. Plus i have weight lifting tomorrow Euh! i dont want to go. 
Still ill today. Got to go to the dr's later. Plus I've got so much stuff on my mind. I may also have to sell my nin ticket. 
@xeophin Basically I agree, but the free account has too many limitations and my boss is not willing to pay for Vimeo Plus. Money rules 
is ill. Plus: the weather sucks, gah...so annoyed.  Whatever, loooking forward to friday!!
@chrismjand We just saw unnecessary quotations.. Pet Supplies &quot;Plus&quot;.Too slow to take a pic. 
@Xianjahn Si. Plus, I needed a new Biology class. Had to drop Teen Cuisine though 
@classic_lbd Yeah. I can't be doing with sharing a room with my brother. Plus I need work. I'll miss everyone though. 
Annoyed by a spam email I just got about a gig from a band I've never heard of that's in another country. Plus they've exposed my email 
Waiting in line for my Rx. There's never this much of a wait here. 
@TammarraC Think I might have trouble convincing BB to move  Plus i wouldn't know where abouts in Brissy to go!
Nope, no denying it, deffinately ill again  Plus laptop is scheduled for on or before 6/7/09...hopefully that's worst case...
i'm going to catch up on some much needed sleep Plus I can't deal with my soul being crushed cuz NK's are at my home venue w/o me   LOL
@cmcadams Funny you should mention that. I was at World Market (Cost Plus) looking for caipirinha mix and they didn't have it! 
@coollike Poo. I was looking forward to you're vid  Plus it's my b-day today ...
@neop26 Interesting I thought Office 2010 Pro Plus is a volume license which means, no activation and I have not finished my review yet 
I like The Sims 3, but I always feel like I'm waiting for time to go by. Even on &quot;Ultra Speed&quot; it doesn't go fast enough! 
@VANITY_ROCK I wasn't sure you were making public appearances just yet after the face wipes debacle.  Plus, we live 3,000 miles apart 
Week's been hectic. Plus, the weather isn't really helping. 
@serinurshira Noooooo, I don't want them to hook up!  And yeah, she looks more mature than him! Plus, she seems the kind of girl
@nigep Hear hear! Plus I have to be on a train to the coast at 6 for a weekend away from home 
@patricmichael Well, I know that but I'm still mad about it.  Plus, for all my joking about it...I hate asking.
@starcube No, just didn't go well. Reversing is hard  Plus, my neck hurts from having to look through the back window...
I need a job like yestrday. My fone cut off &amp; i gotta giv my mama some money.  Plus i owe my granny $150 &amp; my auntie another million. lol
@sarahlynnw Whaaaaat.  That's not bubble tea, then, that's just regular tea!   The tapioca is what makes it! Plus, no bubble fights?!?!
Did Interval Plus, but didn't have time for Abs/Core Plus  #P90Xreport
Wii Motion Plus would be great, if there would be any games that support m+ 
is almost at the end of my useful productivity for the day...but Im still not finished...  boo!!! Plus I didnt get any of the house clean
@Camalaaa I KNOW!  Plus 8th grade we had like every class together, but not this year.
I'm not really a big fan of the new iphone update.. the only cool part is being able to watch movies now. Plus MMS won't work 
Missing all the meetups  But feeling more human. Of course, that could have something to do with the Nurofen Plus.
@blturner Looks like it only effects people with the &quot;eMusic Plus plan&quot; which would be me  #sonyfail
Blah, dental cleaning this morning. Plus it's gloomy, where's the sun? 
I had to cancel on @AngelaRilatt today thanks to my tummy..  Plus I burnt a batch of cookies..  Today is not a good day.  
Head hurts.  Haven't had a proper headache I'm ages! Plus this sign is really distracting, it's right outside livingroom window.
@foreverjeneenee - I won't conform! Plus, Sprint has me in this torture chamber of a contract. It's not even an option at this point. 
Let me get off of here before I fill up everyone's twitter walls haha. Plus, I have some thermo to study 
@marykir I'll do a rain dance for you. ; ) BIG OUCHY on the previous bee encounter.   Plus side, honey bee venom is great for arthritis.
Hoping I'm not going to be sent off to hospital this afternoon. Kidney area and abdomen are agonisingly painful. Plus, an allergy attack. 
Should be in line for the new iPhone 3G S, at a Rogers Plus Store. But I have to write a math exam 
I need a Motion Plus.. what's the cheapest deal anyone has found as I'm broke at the moment 
@dwslipsnhipsgrl FINALLY gettin back 2 u. Sorry, I know I'd sleep thru a movie. Plus, no sitter 4 the boyz. on way 2 vet now 
Wtf? Weird.. I got home and no one is here. Plus i realized that my whole check is going to pay for tuition  fml
@AssuredGrave NO. I have to work @6  so there's no point. Plus. we're having party times. but i'm being antisocial, just sitting on msn.
great ride this AM but 45 miles of hills = tirrrred. Plus-my pinky doesn't work any more?!  Nap is surely in order today #fb #squarespace
#Plus Workout done. Wish I had time for doubles today  Alas..... toooo busy.
@CharlieSwan_ I wasn't suposed to start doing it until then but i was just so bored. Plus she's in Dorset at the moment with school. 
Meh. WoW wasn't as fun as I wanted it to be. Also, not feeling to do anything else. Plus feeling bitchy. 
*YAYWNS* Ugg.. being up at 6am is not fun.  Plus still have to plack a few things off the bookshelf sooner or latter..
@wackyberry Plus, now I'm spoiled  / Front, rail, camera, big lens  / Lolla, be in back  
Yes I am looking for another job! One doesn't cut it! Plus I might be losing mine  Sad day!
Ugh! Carry-on was too heavy so was forced to check it for 90 quid! Plus one bag also over - 35 quid. 
@hulfster I'm pretty sure EB just changed its name and moved around the corner, by the chocolate place. But yeah. CD Plus is gone.  
@PrinceSammie Plus he's got to go to counseling and must stay away from Rihanna. And is officially a convicted felon  So young!!
Lots to do and not much time today. Plus, I'm hungry already and it's only 10:30. Poo. 
I got a bukol from from hitting my head on the corner of the table after seeing 'Daniel Henney' at the Fossil Cafe! Plus, my feet hurt. 
@queermonkey89 Plus there's no more sexy Mexican kidnapper. 
Food at mex place in Kingston = stay away it sucks!!! Plus I just paid 10 for a burrito and a coke! I feel disgusted 
@nuttia It is interesting, depressing though. Plus when I wrote that I was seeing all the stuff about Megan Fox   the oh so hot
has a migraine. Damn you America, w/ your stupid crappy health care system and your lack of available codeine! I need Nurofen Plus! 
Sign of the times: Hub's in the printing biz, same place 20 yrs, had to take vacay days all week, no work  Plus, he's driving me nuts!
Londoners are crazy drivers! My life was saved a few times by perfect strangers. Plus, they say &quot;mental&quot; a lot.. kind of cute 
@petewentz if you're still in Houston.... The Galleria's a must....  lots and lots of shopping and food....  Plus its all indoors!  
I just had a shot of quail egg, chopped salmon, and masago at Cabin Sushi. Plus it was all you can eat! 
Plus, I yelled out HIIIII TOCA!! And he said helllooooo back to me 
I am now down to one Lift Plus a day 
@paul_e_wog Hell yeah I'm thoughtful. I'm awesome and amazing! Plus you had a crappy day and could really of used a pick me up! 
@stupler Don't know about cheap, but the Sony in-ear ones have never failed me. Plus they are comfy even for my small ears 
@Soilman_Kelley  LOL. I would have...I wanted to. But I also didn't want to be sick later. Plus, I get to enjoy it again tomorrow 
@rachaelearl LOL! I just saw your comment! I am doing it right now. Plus ordering business cards! Look at me go!! 
@mypandawan I'm not following @EA because their games are so damn addictive. Plus they laid off one of my very good friends this year. 
@msbeeee Plus, I met a real woman from Uganda this morning.   
So I returned my wifes PS3.... It sat and wasn't touched... Plus that's money I can spend on new berrys! 
This is kind of how I feel right now... stuck in the middle!! Plus MIKA is awesome.  #sotd ? http://blip.fm/~5gyi6
Off to see X-Men. Then pick up Chinese on way home and eat it watching Lost. Plus no work tomorrow and no baby to wake up for 
Headache too. Plus the renovation noises upstairs is killing me  Anyway, Bali pictures are all uploaded to Facebook. Total of 355 pics 
My dad is taking me to school &amp; picking me up tomoz. Plus I have drama almost all day. Score bludge day 
Watching &quot;Dhani tackles the globe&quot; on the travel channel. I love this show! Plus, he's also nice to look at. 
Btw I love spike my cousins dog he so misunderstood. Hes big and strong but a softy at heart. Hes a good puppy. Plus hes soo cute! 
@fatziibebeh Okay then. No regrets.  Plus we don't land in budget terminal.  So excited na.
Plus Kris won't expect to win! He'll be shocked if he did! And I love a good reaction! 
@schaeferj89 Great Show, You played Stackk !!! Plus is was in reasonable timing after school 
We rented a movie...can you believe that? Plus we are have junk food for dinner AAAAAAANND It's raining!!! This is the perfect Sat night 
@FinalBeyond It would appear so, but I'm not so fond of tracking down BIOS .bin files to get games to run. Genesis Plus works out the box 
@PH7S yeah. I didn't think it'll run simultaniously. But it did. Plus I love Twitterberry's logo. It's so fresh, yummy and cute 
!@wahliaodotcom Street photo taken in BW in order 2 &quot;purify&quot; the msg. Colors might become 'noise'. Plus, it's classy 
just had a mini chocolate cake and now heading to bed..well, couch.  Too hot to sleep up stairs. Plus, I want the big TV. 
@chaselisbon Brightside! Someone added you to it in the 1st place! Plus i &lt;3 you therefore you are in the Wikipedia of my heart 
Plus its raining here so am not too sure how my Gladiator sandals will react to wet! If its like my hair then not a good one!  
@sheldongoh actually for RM50 more you can upgrade from 1mbps to 4mbps. Plus no line rental so effectively I pay an extra RM30 
Video: lexismore: Mine too!!  (Plus, this is one of my favorite TAI songs/videos) http://tumblr.com/xtw1ubc2j
@KattyKitt Keep with the optimism, the sun is shining and I think it does you good. Plus I need some good vibes today &amp; a little luck! 
I am excited for a very busy day at work! Several sales to be processed. Plus, lunch with an old friend. 
@SaileshR Ah but that's more than I interact than most! Plus anyone who talks about Lost is fine with me 
There have been worse things. Plus, sushi brightens my life!  &amp; I keep having it with the coolest person ever!!! U'd be excited too 
@fitori Thanks Tori! It's better already--my denture practical went well and I got a killer leg workout in! Score! Plus, no car accident 
@shylucas That's why I love 1/2 day Fridays in the summer. Plus I'm the boss here today. Hence, why I'm screwing around! 
Plus I do love Rick's show...  Hmmm, quite a quandry 
@SPrineas Don't worry, she'll get book 2 as a consolation prize. ;-) Plus panels are boring for her--not enough roller derby. 
OMGJesus: have I ever told you that your user name makes me smile everytime I see it? Plus the Obama-like pic = awesome 
I decided to name it &quot;Scarlett Johansson&quot;. The designs shine blood red under the light. Plus, shes hot, just like how my hookah gets. 
