Most common words for this cluster:
[('pool', 422), ('swimming', 71), ('swim', 44), ('day', 24), ('pools', 18), ('water', 15), ('today', 13), ('tan', 12), ('party', 12), ('http', 12), ('lol', 12), ('time', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'pool', 0.9087836146354675), (u'pools', 0.7295183539390564), (u'swimming_pool', 0.6967262029647827), (u'kiddy_pool', 0.6650623083114624), (u'swimming', 0.6641202569007874), (u'swim', 0.6569457054138184), (u'chlorinated_pool', 0.6336462497711182), (u'inflatable_kiddie', 0.6235332489013672), (u'olympic_sized', 0.6201212406158447), (u'Toddler_drowns', 0.6131977438926697)]





hey, I actually won one of my bracket pools! Too bad it wasn't the one for money 
wanting some sunshine so we can lay in the pool 
just got up, pshhh going on the trampoline, even though I am all sore 
I think #nickdarcy got a raw deal! Another champion leaves the pool. 
In pool med waiting for @leddy2286 
@hwaugh  I have lots of work to do too, thankfully Tres has wifi by his pool, so I am thinking that is a fabulous option!!!
@kiimbee I just got out of the swimming pool too! And I got super dark 
too hot for pool 
i think elenor is sick or incapable of swimming properly,she is lying in the bottom of her tank, petco 
The pool is calling me but I have to be domestic 
Laying out by the pool, still procrastinating on my project. Really not in the mood, but I never am. 
@ashliewins boooo i got this tweet late. im outtie to pool parties 
back from the pool hall...i had some food...but it was bad 
@carlyy07 aww did you just see the cat in the pool? that was soooo sad 
catching a few last rays at the pool before heading for airport 
decided not to go night swimming because the pool's curfew is 10  and it's already 9:30 so how's that fun:| http://plurk.com/p/rdurz
Ugh should i make it my third day in a row in the pool? I really don't wanna 
should i twit pic these swim suit tryouts so you can tell me which ones u like best? i cant choose 
Yesterday was very busy for us. Getting the deck and pool ready to live on/in! But I got woozy from too much sun and had to retreat. 
Doing my homework...  I want a holiday !!!!! to be in hotel... swim at te pool and have fun from the sun ...
is done with swimming...and legitly sad. 
In the lobby staring at the pool, starting to envy neighbors who can swim for more than an hour. How I hate having dermatographism 
So by the time the pool is ready and filled with water and ball pit balls. . . the sun's gone in 
Its finally sunny out and my pool is under repairs til tues. 
@caitlinlooney sooo i think the pool may be out 
dinner was great, then pool... now exhausted but its too early 
Pool opening today.....  Doesn't look good, appears winter has taken a toll on the supports.......  
Just slammed her ear into a pool table 
i need a cool swimming pool now...but i can't jump in!.......... 
cleaning the green pool 
 no swimming for me D;
It's raining so I can't go @ the trampoline 
Buying algaecide for the pool because it is still green from the filter being broken. Its hot and i want to go swimming 
@dixiechicken41 jealouse our all natural pool is about 48 degrees 
@andreamj9 I don't have a key to my pool. 
@cathynose no it was a little girls swim suit .. 
about to go for a swim. it's so HOT. it's so bring. ARCHUWEEK is over. it's ovveerr 
@claudiatan  go for a good long swim!
just got her ipod touch stolen... at her own pool. why does this shit always happens to me 
Pool+awesome friends+sugar cookies+movie+taco+scary creepers everywhere we went=awesomely fun night. I miss my friends all ready. 
@LisafromNY and 24 pool aint open yet 
i wish my pool was open so i can go in it 
moving sucks. so does all this rain  can't even enjoy the rooftop pool
damn you ax for running out of my size swim trunk! 
I found a copperhead snake in my pool....no swimming tonight. 
I want a pool 
WTF I took a nap from 5:30-10. The summer heat from the pool kicked my tanned ass. 
we r not moving to the house with swimming pool  cauz the stupid buyuer has no money.
@laurelexmachina Swimming is a no go for me 
@churchpunkmom We've got a pool still boxed up because I need to level a suitable patch of ground before we can set it up. 
Wishes she had a pool 
Wishing the rain would stay away for a while so that I can go to the pool 
@bmerten85 @anthonycolaneri Pool party? Why wasn't I informed???? 
pool is still closed  and it is cloudy. what should i cook tonight?
just got back from the pool, need to ice the knee 
this is absurd ! I feel like a dipping in the pool real quick . its too bad i dont have a poool 
I want to go swimming 
have to change practice pools, someone threw up in our normal pool 
i hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty 
My drink knocked over in the pool 
i fell into a drain; and i thot it was a rather twitterable event 
@OnyxStSyr The pool ball. 
sick so cant go to the swimming pool 
Boring   I want to go swimming :/
The one day i plan on sittin by the pool, it clouds over! 
went out for a pool party las nite, paying for it this morning 
Just realised the trampoline isn't as easy at 45 as it was at 10 
@jamesheart24  i want a trampoline.
Going out to the pool later... hopefully I'll get a nice deep tan. I'm like really light right now, it sucks... 
@IamJalencash u mean purple or blue...lol....i wish i was getting in the pool 
@HunEpie I'd rather be by @PinkWithLove's pool than sitting in this airport 
I miss my hunk.  off to the pool then out tonight for much needed drinks.
@herrea   I want to go in your pool
Paddling pool is broken... No one has any in stock locally either.. GRRRrrr.. so upset 
i want to go swimming.  damn our pool for not being open.
Just went in the freezing cold pool, why i don't know  i need cigarettes.
@xXMCR_LadyXx i wish my pool was ready 
Pool party todaay  wheee. if only theyd talk to me 
Wish I could join my friend at the pool today 
I want to go swimming, just not by myself. 
If it wasn't for this exam I would be by a pool in provence RIGHT NOW 
@MAKEUPMANMAE I'm sooooo blonde sometimes; sh!t I completely 4got about the pool-have fun! I'm still in serious chill and ugly mode  
is not happy...considering she has to be inside on this perfect pool day. 
@ the pool in the mirage, I feel like shit 
needs a rich husband so she has a pool and doesn't have to buy a blow up one 
I want to go swimming  I need a new swimming buddy!
The pool is closed due to dumbass kids  how dipsappointing...
just walked outside  I need to be some where laying a pool working on my tan!
was heading to the pool, or so I thought... working now 
Pool cover finally cleaned, now whats for dinner? probably nothing good 
I want to go swimming outside. 
@SteveGr8ofTeeZ what upppp?!?! I'm having technical difficulties with my phone  how was last night? Pool party still goin down?!
@malvegil Jealous. There's a pool here at the hotel, but we have to go to a wedding reception instead 
@sherichambers wish I could get in the pool. I can't get my cast wet 
I hate pool parties! 
Another hot day! Wish i was by the pool! 
A nice hot day and the pool isn't open yet.  
got burnt today at the pool even with sunblock 
got entirely too much sun whilst swimming...now feel like shite 
@arisearisearise too busy working to make it to the pool. 
The pool was closed 
just got off work. oh my lord my feet hurt so bad.  Swimming tomorrow morning, then work at 2 p.m.
No worries, I got my own pool to hang out at now foolzzz but no dancers 
Pool party with @felixadrian and @willdivine 
oh dad's heated the pool and it's very tempting @Mclovin247 and @AnitaUbhi are going in later, but i have to revise 
Is considering getting in the paddling pool but the sun keeps going in and out 
@NeeseyTheNargle I want to swim in the pool 
its too warm  , i feel sick , wish i had a swimming pool or was having a water fight :d , aahh!
Just got destroyed by pack at pool 
my pool is so cold  i really want to go swimmmming!
- so much for the pool ... I get to wait for the maintenance man!...yay for me 
gahh. i wish my pool was open! 
At the pool.  It IS foggy 
about to go swimming?  this is my last summer with my own pool 
Cleaning my scum infested pool. This is going to take forever. 
I want my own pool again 
So disappointed that there's a leak somewhere in the workings of our pool and we can't use it yet   So ready to swim!!!
@rachelrich You guys suck! I want to be by the pool 
the pool was great, but i can't find my specs...   
is mad she couldn't go to the pool  too many ppl...
making rice for dinner, hopefully taking the kids to the park/pool. trying to find glasses to buy. 
Everyone is down at the pool except for me 
Sitting at the pool by myself. This is so depressing 
@FIAO i wish it was pool weather here 
@korywiley we went to the civano pool cuz the pima one was full, and there is no water slide 
The pool heater is broken 
I want to go swimming but cant 
The sun has come up to show just how much i flooded the neighbours garden and filled their pool with sand 
had a very relaxing and exciting day by the pool, and now I'm cold from my sunburn 
@BunnyFuckinD lol thanks, its not really purple anymore, more like a faded pink. The chlorine from the pool washed it out 
No Swimming - Pool was closed 
Just dropped his cigarette in a pool of vomit 
The bank has yet again raped me. I may not be able to have pool fun  Cally P then?
I wish my pool was up, sooobadly 
i just wanna jump in the pool 
Sitting in the lobby working. Really want to chill outside at the pool 
going to pick up softball packet... pool will have to wait 
@_Jamesage i want a trampoline 
Really want a paddling pool 
Incredibly ticked off since i'm the one who had to miss school so the stupid pool could get filled  not happy.
It was taking in water.  but we went to the pool and had a blast
@mrbeanzz lol cus i wanna be in the pool right now and i want a tan and and i want to drink 
I want to go in the pool, but it's freezing 
Going swimming to relieve stress and it not working is really depressing. 
@fountain1987 sad....  will miss you xxx
@booklover4ever yes it is!!!! They only had teeny tiny pools! 
@CherryBlossomB sadness.  i really really really wanna swim swim swim.
...despite the leak found on the pool plumbing that I still need to address. 
@jnthnlckwd i wish I was at the pool. I'm stuck in a classroom 
@Jennisastar your pool is amazing! I miss my house/pool in the states 
@darlakoske pool parties?!?! Who's having pool parties?!?! I didn't hear about it. 
at the grandparents wishing i was at the pool 
Just got kicked out of a pool. 
My fingure hurts  I cut it on the pool earlier!
@hicourtney im super sad we couldnt stay longer   Swimming soon!
had fun in the paddling pool...until the sun went in 
Pool is fairly clean now. Now I gotta stain the deck this weekend 
I want to go to the pool 
@TomFelton I do need a pool now.. its soooo hot here in spain 
i always have to work when it's hot enough for the pool 
Pools are soooooo cold 
@Jantunstill i have done my job at the pool, first round delivered, just one more to go .. but i want to sit in the garden 
http://twitpic.com/6odig - I want a swimming pool 
shopping for a swim suit is depressing. 
Laying out! Swimming doesn't last very long when you're a grown up 
Actually what I really want is an arse kicking at pool but no one wants to play 
@mcmai not a big party he have a pool table, shesh-besh and music but only misrahit and hip-hop  only bad one
I really wanted to play pool  http://twitpic.com/6phcr
@ZhaZhaNiXx  I wanted to go swimming....
i really don't want to work at the pool tomorrow 
@juliaferraioli yeah but she gets mad when i wear my sweat pants in the pool 
The swimming pool is too loud for this time in the morning. 
I say my swim meet should be cancelled. But it's not.  damn.
@adityamishra the wikipedia entry says he died in a swimming pool accident in the home 
working working working. i would much rather be at the pool. 
Not raping matt at pool 
It would rain the first day the pool opens 
so much for the pool! It's dark as night outside 
Swim workout at @DowntownYMCA cut short by the storm, unhappy  #fb
Early morning practices so brutal  on the upside hot men are working on my pool.
headed to gym... then workin on my tan at the pool!! work at 630 
forgot about the meds i am taking, so no mowing/pool/sun soaking for me   
@JacioftheDead anytime an iphone is lost to the pool, it's a sad day  .. I would have DIED had that been me..
I wish my pool was warmer, it's freeezing in there 
the shortest pool session ever with @JennaJackley lol, not sunny enough 
really want a bike thought about going to pool but know its full of kids  plus did you know $4 to get into the city pool?!?!
It's hot outside  I want to go swimming and I'm at a swim meet, ironic huh?
Heading out to the apartment pool...haven't actually used it yet, hopefully there won't be 100 kids in it 
Sitting out by the pool = good...sunburn = bad 
I'm so burnt from my afternoon at the farmers market and the pool. 
Lazying around the pool. No one here but me  - http://mobypicture.com/?639j3x
@Canterburymusic our pool table at work has gone now... I miss it 
got pushed it the pool.... it was so cold 
too cold to go swimming 
pools n hotubs are pretty expensive n she'd go right threw a trampoline  no wonder trishs dad doesnt buy her them :^ ahhaha
great its finally sunny out, but its still not pool weather 
ehhh, just got done working out, i really want to go swimming but r pools not open and its not that warm rite now 
drunk at the topless pool...vegas rocks! but i miss my boys 
OKay pool time maybe round 8? by myself...  .... i hate community pools
my hands still hurt i'm all bruised up  about to get ready to chill at the pool. my bro is throwing a little pool party.
My pool is dirty and has little bugs 
@lique_fabrique aaah luxe!  ;)  I really miss having my own pool! 
I am not good at pool 
@davidu His mom and dad separated at the beach? Swimming will never be the same for him again. 
 got sunburnt today. another day in paradise! been for 2 swims in the ship's pool!
Working at a computer desk... watching everyone enjoy the Pool 
Feeling good after my 50 laps. Should totally build a pool in my house. 
I should be at the pool, but instead I'm home working on my portfolio 
@piccadillyman feeling the same bruv.... feeling hungover and a swimming pool should never team up 
@savina_donitia i wish i was at the pool getting a tan! im at work so sad 
pool time....i hope i dont get sunburned again 
djing rooftop pool party in winter clothes cuz of my bad sunburn  lolol
going to go swimming when it's hot enough outside, but it's only 9:10am 
I wish i had a pool 
I don't want to vacuum the pool, but I want to go swimming... 
chillin pool side. the wind makes it chilly, sad realization, don't think i can live by a body of water 
I really miss my pool right now 
off to the pool....missing my honey 
@womanschitchat I wish I had a pool LOL 
is it wrong that my eyes still really hurt from the chlorine even though I was out of the pool by 10? only usually lasts about 30 mins... 
@sidrae i miss my trampoline 
I didn't realize it but I scraped my foot pretty bad at the pool. Its bleeding pretty bad  grumble #fail
Kidddies in the pool one more time before I take adrien to airport.  http://mypict.me/2XHl
didn't realize it but I scraped my foot pretty bad at the pool. Its bleeding pretty bad  grumble #fail (via @CrystalGibson) I hv a bandaid
Sitting I'm review session but I'd rather be reading by the pool  I almost wish it wasn't so beautiful outside
@DjPamdemonium  pool sounds nice but im so sleeepy 
@ssayer yep! unfortunately i dropped my camera in a pool of it's blood. 
I'm pretty sure I lost the tony pool 
@dulcecandy87 I saw that too! I'd be terrified if my dog fell in the pool and couldn't swim like that! 
floating in the pool... i'll miss you, beautiful condo building 
Checking the chlorine levels in our pool - How sad 
why didnt u think of the swimming pool idea 5 years ago dear madam? 
At the pool.... by myself! 
@lynnnein She's perked up some &amp; wanted food, but she's still running a temp. No swimming lessons tonight! 
Sitting here at the pool. It's so boring. 
Pool party!!!oh wait I'm not in vegas no more 
Is extremely disappointed that i can't go to pizza tower and kelsey's pool 
@angelaverostko where's the pool? i need one 
damnit. the pool is apparently closed for cleaning. 
went to lifeguarding class, then to the city pool. tried to get a tan again- i got nothing. 
The water in my pool seems warm if only it was warm ebough to go in 
got back from the pool where i got rained on 
I want to go swimming 
laid out by the pool for a bit! now im tired 
@jojo611993 yay! i read that the pool wasnt done yet  poo! lol
My thighs are soooo sunburnt.  i should NOT have fallen asleep beside the pool.
I swear I have a cold from going directly into the jacuzzi , right after the pool and then back into the pool 
Pool closed 
@WondaWoman LOL..i miss you...I wish I could be outside in the pool tanning 
just back from the pool and i can't even flip turn right anymore i need to learn to swim again 
@tommcfly I want an outdoor pool 
Another day with no internet at work.  plus, i ache. Swimming hurts! Or im really out of shape. Probably the latter.
We're being entrounced at pool 
I would like to go swimming but it is supose to rain. 
not good pool weather 
I wanted to go to the pool, but its raining again 
@JulesBenham what hot tub? I can only find 3 very very cold paddling pools, which you're not allowed to splash in! 
woke up, need some lax  but i am going to pool
@shoppinghappens there was a turtle in our pool?  was it dead? 
Swim day #2, just as fun as the first   http://yfrog.com/0vffnj
just as i finished getting ready to go lay out by my pool, it clouded up  just my luck
So after leading the hockey pool the entire time, I ended up in second  so much for my new camera!
uhhhhhhhhh i wish that school was over and i wish i had warmth here so i can tan by my pool, kinda hard when theres no sun 
Swim meet in a lil bit! I feel nervous  its my first swim this season
@DaveFlyer i kno rite if i knew how to swim i'd hit the pool too 
@SteveLL I wish I had a pool at my apt. 
@lexylynn I know I was looking for you  but yeah hit me up when u come back so we can hit the pool 
Laying on the trampoline. I feel sick 
got chased out of the pool by the storm 
Wants to go to the pool but doesn't want to go alone 
I wish we had a pool. 
going swimming.i dnt wnt 2 
poor daisy..every time i go swimming.. she runs around the pool until her paws hurt so bad that she can't walk   i feel bad
Wish I didn't have class tomorrow and could just go lay out by the pool   I need a tan....
@nettiedgreat i am a pool of sweat. 
@jupe24 ...a very wet wednesday at that. my driveway looks like a paddling pool, it's rained all day 
@ckelley yes  lmao I liked it when I put it in the pool as well.
I can't believe I hurt my leg, no more gym today  boooo! Swim later maybe? 
@bartlettdani I remember! I ruined my favorite one by throwing it in my aunts pool 
my pool water is soooo cold 
I don't want to clean today. I want to lay in the sun and drink margaritas, but nobody has a pool. 
I know it's pathetic .. but I am wallowing in a pool of my own self pity 
At the northview pool again and there not even open yet!!  It's hot and i wanna swum....
the sun just left... i should get out of the pool before it rains. 
@TaschimaCullen well, i was going to the pool, but now it's cloudy   How are you?!
power washing the pool 
it's not summer until i go to the pool... the pool by me is not open.. and today is the perfect day for that.. 
just got rained out from the pool 
I went to buy a water raft for my pool the other day but sadly they don't make em long enough for people of my height  
@lemziipie But i wanted pool sex 
back from the pool.  but got hot again watering yard 
I want to go swimming.... my pool isn't ready yet  
kids are soaking wet from the pool and dripping all over my carpet  grr.
@angelzdope I'm in a pool with other applicants 
Just cut up my 2,700 dollar pool I got 2 years ago  one of the kids tossed a ball in the pool and the dog ripped up the side tryn 2 get it
I missed out on swimming 
i want to go swimming 
.. I just dropped my piizza in the pool 
it's so hot outdoors ... and i can't go pool partying with @Enaphira because she isn't at home ... 
not going swimming because the pool is yucky  have to think of something else to do...
Is sad that its rainin everywheres but the pool 
Getting rained on at the pool 
random cloud of rain ruined our pool adventure. 
lost the pool table 
At the inlaws supposed to swimming but it's taking forever for the pool to be vacuumed 
well going to the pool....mans is it hot out 
back from the pool starting to get cloudy 
@jonbrak don't be. the water temperature felt exactly as if i was jumping into a pool of rainwater.  it needs to be real summer!
@dressjunkie i agree! can't believe she swims naked in the pool every morning though  brrr!!!
i want a pool !!! 
I didnt get to go swimming! 
some kid just threw up in the pool midway thru our swim meet 
the pool's closed 2day for a swim meet. can't go swimming, like i do everyday. 
@fountain1987 heyaa hows u? gutted u left hollyoaks shockin lol  x
bout to take a dip in the pool its funny how when you need to talk to someone no one seems to be around 
I really want to lay by the pool 
So hottttt! I feel like going for a swim but i cant. 
@brandyejones ugh.  im sorry.    im going for a swim later, after I nap.
@fountain1987 can't believe you've left hollyoaks 
Going out to the pool!  It's our last day 
Being forced to go in the pool. I dont want to 
Why am I continuously prevented from going to the pool? I'm getting the feeling that a tan is not in my near future 
my pools gettin drained 
The stupid beagle just had to jump into my pool, didn't he? Now I have to clean it 
I want to go to the pool, but no one will go with me 
@MatthewStClair @ the  pool? im jel!!! my pool isnt open yet 
My pool is broken, so we have to take it down this weekend.  ughhhh.
http://twitpic.com/7u38y - This is where i wish i was...At the pool. 
just got out the pool.... no beach today 
hot - its hot in herrrr. 96 degrees in nashvegas and no pool 
i want to go swim so bad. 
Closed the pool early  fml i need money and noone shows up to the pool.
Swim team monday. 
i want to swim in the pool but i had my laundry picked up last night.  no towel, no swimming stuff. http://plurk.com/p/12b2dn
@VivaLOLITA when is it? I have a fuckin swim meet! 
Friends, having fun, drinks by the pool... and study 
Swim meets suck. 
i really hope or swim meet will be cancelled 
did not get much sleep  at the gym most of the day and then going swimming.. the city needs more pools !!!
Our pool is closed. 
We r fixing to go for one last swim b4 we check out of the hotel. 
just finished cleaning out the pool,somewhat now i have to do a lot of geography 
that hour or two at the pool turned in to a bad sunburn  crap
omg the weather is perfect for bennington daze! too bad we don't have the pool open 
Heading to the pool for one last day. 
, just got out of the pool, i think im sunburnt 
@lexamexa i wish i had my own pool. 
just tried to pull the pool cover off, but ended up having to drain it. We might not open it next year... 
Wow it's so hot outside def not a drink and hang out at the pool 
Guess my roommies' pool party is getting moved indoors. 
@assortedcandies ugh god i would too  and again, consider running him over. or maybe just his lower half so he cant sully the gene pool
is upset cus he cant go to the pool party 
I want to go swimming. 
Tired of playing basketball in the pool, girls lost  going to the beach, holla!
@WhootyGirls it's 96 in bham with no pool  sooo sad this whooty needs a pool asap!
At the pool. It's gunnna rain.!. 
ouch i belly flopd into mi pool 
Accidently napped? Wish I was at the pool  #squarespace #trackle
Wedding ... No nap  ... Swimming with everyone ... Who the hell knows what else!
http://twitpic.com/7xnua - She didnt like the pool  lol.
To darn hot!  I can't even get in the pool 
I haven't been to the pool yet this summer.  lol hopefully i will today!
Wow 3 hours of continuous swimming...feeling great! ..except the part where I swallowed some chlorine water 
my niece is so cute...just got out of the pool with her. I'm tired.  LOL
Bout 2 leave the pool. No tan 
was at the pool all day and I am still hot!!!! I got a nice tan.. with lines.. can't take my top off 
I am helding  build a pool so my fam can go swimming ,but I cant go swimming now 
@supermanfan78 I was at the pool too! We were swimming together yet miles apart....  
Pools too cold to get in 
about to go swimming. ll stand my ground, you will not carry me down. i wish you&lt;333 were here. 
All i need is some sun and and a swimming pool in my 20 foot garden 
Long island gold coast sprint tri. Swim canceled -&gt; run/bike/run  http://post.ly/uUX
I want to go Swimming 
I was going to the pool...but now it is raining 
but i am  haha and i cant go to the pool bc its been so crapy out hopefully it gets nicer
misses her pool   maybe I should just buy a kiddie pool to tan in?  hmmmm....
is back from kent- had a great time! missing the pool already! 
swim maybe tonight 
going to laurens pool party! but its raining 
Pool's closed 
My dad is making me get in the pool to help clean it. Its going to be freezing! 
@bthomas81 its too hot to go out to the pool here 
My kiddo hates the pool 
@talamobley lmao loserrr .. I just came back from swimming in my pool , I have a headache 
It's so hot outsideeee.  I wish one of my friends had a swimming pool 
i am going swimming today after the guys are done cleaning my pool.. i wish we had a bigger slide on our pool.. kinda sucks 
@cassidymoomoo lol.and they came back 2days ago and swam in there pool yesterday 
i need to clean and do laundry and should grocery shop and take water sample to pool people.  but its &gt;90 and sticky 
http://twitpic.com/86y7a - haha chris fountain at number 73 didnt go down well 
 reallly wish the trampoline wasnt soaked right now ..
in warwick, hotel has a pool, i forgot my trunks 
its to cold to go swimming 
efffffffffff I need a pool    
@Youngflyclassy pools are closed homie.. 
I want to go swiming but I can't!   Call me if you have pool 14143051895
Wishing upon a wishing star he had a pool key..... 
doh!  had to forgo the pool as I forgot my towel 
I need a pool !! 
@justine_hughes I brought that pool for my nephew and it didn't come with the bee  I was dissapointed
just got back from the pool. it's soooo hott!! got a little red  hopefully it will go away
summer sucks when you have no pool 
Anyone wanna come swimming at the hotel pool??? I have no partner in crime. 
Its soooo hot and no pool! 
At the pool tryna work on my tan. The water feels soooo good! I miss doin this all the time 
just got back from the pool...a lil burnt 
the swimming pool is officially dead.  
its raining and lightning and i want to go in the pool! 
omg its so hot out. i wish i had a pool 
all I want to do is go for a swim and the pool is closed 
gah, I need to find a swimming pool around here already. I need to work owtttt 
Wondering what to do next...just got out of the pool...homework I guess 
i wanna go to the pool but the weather sucks ass and no one really wants to go to the pool 
Ahhh the pool was soo relaxing. Then the cops came 
way sunburned, if i ever get skin cancer i will credit pool volleyball 
want them 2 finish the pool so she can go swimming in it but unfortunetly pool is still in renovation till next month  x10
Really wish I could play pool that good when I'm sober 
i want to go swimming 
It is once again hot outside  The pool is even hot
is at the pool. last day 
@fountain1987 cannot believe you left hollyoaks 
getting ready to head to work. i rather lay in the pool 
ahnothing like doing hay for the bfs parents not done yet but today we arent working 300 bales + yay right plus they have a pool (hot  )
@lexiestevens i waanted to go swimming know its cold 
I want to go swimming, its too damn hot!! but my pool is filthy!! blahhhh 
Scratch that.. No pool today 
@wimcoekaerts Shouldn't that be life in the 'car pool lane' my friend ? 
@TimMothE why not?! it's just like me announcing in the playground that i probably won't see you 2moro, who actually listens? 
@planettreasures Thank you  I love your clear pools necklace!
chilling by the pool 
@ajitmoses SNS adyar... booze + pool 
@jboyle1970 If only I had access to an indoor pool  it's been cold for too long here for outdoor, &amp; none of the pools r 4 lap swimming!
The viewing gallery at the pool is so warm - the downside of heated indoor pools 
Is hanging out by the pool 
@annie_silly  thnks A.   r u in a pool holding onto a innertube.if so have a great swim. 
is going back to the pool after a really long time 
If needed I can be found laying by the pool with a long book and endless mimosas 
laying out by the pool 
@laurenhillary You can come use my pool...all 4 of them 
Tanning by the pool 
@MajorProblem A coffee swimming pool should be mandatory at all offices 
is tired but she spent a good morning at the swimming pool 
http://twitpic.com/3njlx - gO gO gO .. swimming with a whale shark ..is unbelievable ..!! 
breaking in entering?... no just borrowing a pool... 
Slaying in pool  can't wait for tomorrow
pool with cheryl 
Up and ready to head out to the swimming pool 
@oliverte73 , Have fun at the pool , hope the weather there hot enough for the pool 
is at the pool. 
Swim &amp; bike this afternoon- too stinkin' hot to run! Or maybe I just need to get up earlier 
Breaking in to hotel swimming pools with no key is great! 
and you know what, when he comes back and DOES leave you in a pool of your own blood, i won't care!  &lt;3333
great day of sport ahead. Pool match then a1gp and rugby! Probably see none of it! 
Is in hopes that it starts raining soon so that she can get out of swimming at the lake today 
Off to the pool. 
Getting ready, to go swim 
I'm about to shoot some pool. 
funday!swam w brianna amaris n andrew &amp; they made me get into the cold pool :'( then back to maris' n played an intense game of fooseball 
me thinks me wanna go for a swim/run later.  sape nk join?!
getting ready to lay out by the pool.... 
going 4 a swim 
time to go swimming in the freezing water at kalies. yeah! 
@aramos82 yes! the pool opened this weekend 
@MarkBorkowski greetings- jump in pool- water is warm. But you might want to avoid shallow yellow end where @MisterNoodle and I play 
@jimmysmithtrain hey there! About to pressure wash the hell out of the bottom of a pool!  what u up to?
yey!! i'm going to swim  swim swim!! finally wearing that nice bikini i bought 
is going in the pool 
going to the pool with mommy 
Hey guys cme swim with me and angel!  at my apts pool.
moooorning!!! off for a swim swim, then a hard brick session this avro!!  can't wait for track with michelle on thurs in loughborough!
Going for a swim in a steel bottomed pool!! thank you virgin active!! 
Right I'm at the pool so it's time for a quick swim... Yay! 
@brian_corrigan because you're a pool 
getting ready to go swimming soon 
At the pool  http://twitpic.com/5dahj
@ the trampoline 
@LaurAnnThompson r u at sport&amp;health? I'd like it more if they had a pool. 
@md_phd I knew that hot tubs were grungy, but didn't consider swimming pools. I can't swim either so no big deal 
yay, the pool's open! 
@oldskins it's r2, it's on adult swim. 
Another TotalFark Survivor Pool, another bunch of money headed my way!   4 for 7... not bad at all.
, @croconaw I don't need the gym :O I got a pool for that 
It's a little cold, but it's a beautiful night I'm sitting outside by the pool 
is going to safra for pool now 
nothing better than being alone in the pool.  #swimlog 2.5km
great swim and chat with lady who admired my swimming costume 
Laying out by the pool! 
i want to go swimming again. maybe when I get to my grandpas. 
by the pool all dayyy 
The gym and the pool... oh yeah and the pool were awesome too... especially the ride home on my bike... I love riding at night. 
well im on my way to the pool to get into the hot tub damn i love where i live 
@cArtPhotography I forgot to tell you, I'm jealous of your pool.  
So bored... I think I'll go on the trampoline 
good luck fuzzy    @ the pool !!
going to the gym with aaron. then to run some errands. and go to the pool. babysitting later. 
@juiceee Weeeeeee! pool scene! 
A new day!! I could really use a pool  sadly I must settle for the tanning bed for now...
Pool day with dana 
beachin with @kloveleigh and the kiddos  come thru! pools open too...
chillaxin by the pool 
yay, i got a job at the pool for the summer! looking forward to the tan! 
@tshirtdart It's nice just to see a pool in the deck again. If you're putting a pool in again, letting winter do your compacting is good. 
@MissGraciela haha so you had all the whole pool to ya self! out there sun bathing in the nude  lol jk!
@JadePJoseph it must be something about boys and pool or bath water,my son does the same thing 
Pool before the trip..great day today 
chilling by the pool...working on the presentation doc...What a relaxing friday 
#followfriday @marginatasnaily ... What can I say,,, tweeting with her is like swiming in a pool of cherry pop ,,, in the nude! Yes nude 
