Most common words for this cluster:
[('power', 304), ('energy', 80), ('gas', 78), ('electricity', 42), ('transformers', 35), ('water', 29), ('http', 23), ('com', 17), ('oil', 14), ('mw', 13), ('day', 13), ('outage', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'power', 0.8194424510002136), (u'electricity', 0.7722402811050415), (u'Power', 0.7115283012390137), (u'Electricity', 0.6760020852088928), (u'energy', 0.6756044030189514), (u'electricty', 0.6574527025222778), (u'electicity', 0.6543754935264587), (u'natural_gas', 0.647118091583252), (u'electricy', 0.6454340815544128), (u'Conscientiously_wield', 0.6324132084846497)]





Power to levitate?.... still negative. 
@nickynocky I'm looking for other utility suppliers tonite now 
P.s. @MichaelHenry hosed me down with gasoline 
power is out 
@indyank The electricity situation is at its worst here! 
My zippo is out of gas 
When the power goes out it really sucks to live on the 32nd floor. 
@minastefan ahh. i hate when the power goes out. 
@jennifermf Aw, I got all excited from your tweet to she_writes, hehe. But yeah, I miss full-service gas stations. 
All out of fish oil 
@missgems Oh, that's not good my deary  hope you're feeling bettersooon and printers should have built in power supplies! ? xx
#mw2 then it would be easy for snipers 
Gas is expensive here   http://twitpic.com/3lst3
@ravingrevolutio which is sad  @rhymeswithfish I need brain power for that to
ahh back to the grid 
i have no frkn electricity 
is watching EDF energy cut someones electric supply off and is a little phased by it.... 
@raanan just found you via @rachelsterne it will be hard to improve at home connectivity without improving power grid reliability... 
the heat stole my energy  ..thief... goodnight!
@AravindJose I'm afraid about the electricity.. the bulbs are blinking here.. will go off anytime.. I was rushing with some pending jobs 
@rdrose I tried that didn't work there is a red flashing light 'roll' on the control panel at the gas unit 
@RyanRotten high voltage makes me think of *** tattoo shop  i don't like it... not at all
Really need a wee but not got the energy to move 
Parallels Power Panel firewall won't work correctly but it's now running a process vzl in my VPS and I can't disable it 
Power's out. I hate sleeping without any light or sound. 
@ArunBasilLal hmmn power cut is killing here.. and too hot.. feels like we are inside furnace 
Neighbors prolly pissed at me, just cranked up my noisy ass generator at 6:00 am..... still no (actual) power 
ahhhhhh my power is out. ugh. 
2 a.m. Power outage  and no roomate...creepy 
Power outage at hotel 
Power outage?! Seriously milwaukee get your park under control. Really wish I was able to know more  driving to hotel.
@vidluther ooo, I'm excited about testing out the new Philtro, but waiting for power to come back 
My power's out 
@amiemccarron then again, nothin like a cozy woodfire.... we don't own any heaters  probably good for the power bill
Power out!  I was working! :@
I wish I had transportation powers.  I WISH..
just wokeup and there is no electricity 
i am actually soooo worn out  yet i cant seem to find the energy to sleep. i dont think this makes sense. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Just had three power outages and now my computer won't start 
All of these driving sessions are draining my energy ahhh. 
being pissed is starting to drain my energy... 
Wow the new transformers series just isn't like the originals 
thunderstorms are cool, but not when the power goes out...... 
Power outage - no eggs for breakfast 
ack. forgot my power cord. must close twitter to conserve battery power. 
Wind is blowing so strong that I am now awake at 5am 
Now to get onto the hardware side with finding V and I sense on my elto power meter - which are now $25 not the $20 I paid before 
not happy about the Crows loss and the Power's win 
has just got soaked moving the car off the driveway.... Water I don't mind, it's more the cold... only 8 degrees today 
Getting my ass kicked by lag in COD4  MW2 Here I come! 
I just spent two hours orginizing all my plugs, wires, and electronics. I decided to charge everything and I've shorted my power. 
client can't get to us as roads closed due to gas leak 
Lolsup transformer blew on powerline. No powers 
@neo_indian Tell me about it! I got suckered by the Reliance Power one 
Hearing news that Fuel is pushed back to june 2nd. can anyone confirm? I know europe was june 2 but now gstop says june 2. im confused 
another power down drill tomorrow.... haih 
Power cut 
Power is out, crappy 
Everything happens while I sleep  @porridgebrain NRG=energy?  #simeonhobbes
Looks like I'm rebuilding a Transmission   wah wah wahhhhhhh.
@CitizenSwift oh  Energy drink?
gas prices are sucking again. 
@hannahreneesong haha I know! my broke ass had no gas and if I drove there and back I'd have to buy gas and have no $ to buy food 
And now the power's out completely. 
Electricity went out!  not cool
@MrsDDoubleU I'm really a homeless orphan who lives in a box next to @luvinmesomed s house  don't have electricity
The storm is here and the electricity is gone 
@ksutt11 ohhhh thunderstorms...boo  why do they always have to make the power go out?? 
Unstable broadband and electricity taking toll on my mental stability. 
Hydro drive abandoned after three miles 
@LoveisTrain it drained my energy 
Yay! Power = on! Phone = charged. It's hot 
urgh there's a power cut!! 
@alisongow I think I've been killed judging bt my energy after attacking just to see what happened  #spymaster
Energy steadily increasing, thankfully, but the cough isn't going away. 
I hate that I am so stinkin tired everyday!  It's so hard to get up...I thought I was supposed to start getting energy back now. 
It's been 2 days without gas...the gas company turned it off to do maintenance. I can't cook. 
Phone power is dying!  
Power out 
So the power outage is over but it totally ruined my day! I need electricity to run the oxy for my torch 
That short power outage took away all my momentum 
@MommyMelee i'm stuck w/ -28 energy and don't know how to get more - may have to die... 
very true but i was just thinking they may be stained and ruined  if you can salvage them more power to you!
@adriannecurry very true, i was just thinking they may be stained and ruined  if you can slavage them more power to you!
no electricity this morning.... another winter without Eskom getting their act together.. 
No power= no jerking it 
No power where I'm sitting.  But good wifi! #phpvikinger
http://twitpic.com/68wsp - Amp energy shot is so bad its like poop 
@StephWBates  I have zero energy!!!!! 
Working til 3! Gas went up 10 cents 
@threnn They managed to cut the power to all my sockets yesterday  It's fixed now. This place is cursed.
the mower ran out of gas 
@SeattleFutbol SCARVES UP!! I'm grabbing my crew and going to watch from Fuel, no tix. 
@lilduval naw the gas has been rising. 
@keylynn I would but that costs cashmonies in gas 
have like zero energy right now. 
@jamesh_1993 I said forget it! You owe me nothing! And I've got no energy... 
Just ordered a gas heater but it'll be delivered on monday 
Power's out   it's hot!
gas is back up to $2.65  
Shoes are covered in gas I have to toss them in the trash 
my laptops keep losing power 
its poring outside &amp; lightning is soo bright...y is that after the electricity unit in science im now more scared of lightning  ahh lmaoo
@Sahbreenah I lost my power. 
@KtShortcake I know  the power of ebay is just too strong!
The power is out in the village 
my power is out. 
watching transformers all cuddled up in my bed...but a little lonely 
@juhidee119 yeah. well i know we have some in the supervalue but the gas stations don't  silly town. #andyhurleyday
there goes the half of my apts power 
is losing her positive energy 
@msofarc shaking and crying. We're having a storm and our power went out so my laptop died 
The power keeps going out 
almost 3 tanks of gas this wk. I think I've single handedly increased global warming. 
And...the power is still out. Only on my street, like always. 
my &quot;Hour of Power&quot; is up for tonight 
The power just went out! 
i need a socket adapated or power strip to plug in my other external hard drive  i only have 1.03 terabytes of storage now 
Having yet another power failure 
@kishorcariappa n I thought the power went off in that area 
i'm not feeling too well now  i dunno why but i feel like all my energy just disappeared and i'm about to just pass out... EEEEK!
bike pump is dead.. 
whats the connection with power n rains. i get irritated when power goes off when i am watching something i like 
Where am I? This gas station smells. 
A lighting n a huge thunder knocked down cable transmission 
The power button on one of my monitors seems to be on its way out. 
Gas is definitely going back up...just spent $60 to fill up 
is running out of energy... 
@amyyyox lmao i know!! this is the result of me being smart and applying carrotine oil and baby oil... 
just found out my best bud got laid off  he is a power supply engineer any suggestions?
I have no energy  I'm dyin...
No running water, no electricity, no fuel and little food in pakistan.  We have to stop the climate change.
#mw2 I think COD4 was fantastic, but I hope MW2 isn't too similar... otherwise it might just feel like a big expansion pack 
Getting seriously frustrated! Power still keeps cutting out, just long enough to knock out computers 
power outage killed my 200+ day uptime 
power is out 
@LoSoAlluring. @southwestboaz boooooo they ain't sent mine and I don't kno how to power cycle!!! 
power is back.  back to work 
grr!! power cut again   
@nyisles  Hopefully you just have gas ..... hehe
@aliciapearce I dont have any energy either.  
I love thunderstorms  but this one keeps making the power flicker and that messes with my internet 
doesn't get spymaster and I've got no energy left now 
@eddieizzard i will vote, but all politicians seem to wish to be in power under the umbrella of the peoples interest, and never deliver 
We have no electricity 
my fuel meter is wrong and i just ran out of gas 
At a favorite radio spots to play radio, however looks like noisy power lines are going to render this spot unusable, how sad 
Coming back from power. You guessed it! Traaaffic 
Just lost power 
How and y did I get a boost of energy...when I go to bed I want to b tired not awake...my bods confused I think...!!! 
Electricity is out 
Blehh its hot in here, and I have bad stinky gas 
@BJHewitt yep. It was the fuel pump.  $600+ 
There is a blackout  I'm just playing the piano that doesn't need to use electricity
just ran out of gas on seawall 
I don't think I've got the energy to get out of bed 
oil on drive not terminal or major, but a new seal on gearbox is needed 
is sat in awaiting the gas engineer. Would rather be indulging in retail therapy though 
suddenly i dislike working with square grids. and they give me headaches! square grids ftl 
Anyone want to buy us a new Electric upright cooker? Ours is dying and we cant afford a new one 
@KurtScholle @bradshorr  Water skiing 'in your own backyard' brings new meaning to the phrase.  hehe abt my j/k, not your swamp 
Water, Water, Water.....working out and trying to stay fit is no fun!!!! 
British Sea Power gig has been rescheduled  august 2nd...sorry everyone I got no explanation...x x x
Power is still out 
and get them to check it out.. :/ it's been over heating more and more lately 
Tmi.....i have the worse gas right now.... 
@c_leo I switched on one energy saving bulb 
is depressed and has no energy 
@Rachibaby yay moods! Water 
Power is out 
@hyperoot left smoking.. hate redbull - Water bournivita ; laughing.. my manager asked 3 questions already 
@hypetoot left smoking.. hate redbull - Water bournivita ; laughing.. my manager asked 3 questions already 
@DJSMOOK i hate when the power goes out!!! 
has no electricity  http://plurk.com/p/y2lxm
@africanfusion i need to go to sleep but i caaaaan't   waaaay to much creative energy
Too bad my application to attend was turned down  - http://bit.ly/mW7fH
Gas Leak in the house.  Being dingyed for the weekend, can it get any fucking worse!!!!!
i'm pretty sure this is reminding me of war of the worlds. power outages ?! wth 
@addieking Energy drinks never work for me. I don't know what I have to resort to. 
randomly found this pretty sick----  http://bit.ly/MW2E1   but i must say i did laugh a little 
has just got in, and has no energy left 
tired... probably because the blue jays drain all the energy out of me... 
Tethering would be nice right about now. Coffee shop wifi down. Power still off in my neighborhood 
The stupid power is out! 
@nocturnalie ...I know, I know. I just want to believe in the power of the minority vote. 
In the dark......literally.  Power's out. 
I'm depressed, it now costs more than 25 dollars to fill my gas tank 
I am SO BORED. Power is out bc of rain. No sewing, no shower, no computer games, no fun 
I've wasted a quarter tank of gas already 
when power come... 
also, Quickly just lost power. wonder if they'll shoo me out 
i've just wrecked my daughters laptop whilst trying to fix the power socket 
buying gas  c'mon kroger card.
Power outage starting to affect AT&amp;T's 3G network 
@Wind607 just seeing if you were gunna be avaliable for bgn tonight 
the thunderstorm cut off my electricity 
Awww But the Gas you get from the beans Sucks 
HATES the wind right now. Electricity is out  it better turn on like now...ugh!
i hate how i down my power jamba juice  i want moreee
I have the power of invisibility 
Water heater leaking... ugh... this doesn't look like something duct tape can fix 
Gas in my diaphragm and chest, messed up equilibrium and major motion sickness. I think of food and I feel like throwing up.  please help
...power back on, pause, power back off.  
I want a diesel 
Just got to the @keyholep studio and we got no power  my job is now usless, I live on electricity, just like in crank 2 lol
@NeeNee0161 I wouldn't be surprised. Lots of nasty stuff up there....Steel mills, Oil refineries, chemical and power plants. 
It's power cut... I was copying a cd 
has absolutly no energy, again 
Erratic Power patterns. This ain't good 
ahh why must jon and kate have a twisted fate? gahhh! the power of fame 
is laying in her bed in the dark. Power outages suck 
Waiting for COD MW2 
The power has been turned off while the boiler is being fixed. No broadband for a while 
What is it with my Utilities and the weekend?? Last week the Cable, this week the Power! 
My energy ran out 
@debsuvra I wish I could. But I didn't have anything to drink from whole day too. Water filter was empty and I forgot to fill it up 
damn power cuts! 
Is mad that the gas station didn't have tiger red drive...had 2 settle!!! 
I hate how energy drinks don't even give me energy  they just taste nice, so I can't stop haha
Power went out and its not even storming. 
@totallystumped The battery dies after a few years.  The later games take power from the system.
@Power2B been there 
nixies are busted. did i fry the arduino, the power supply or the driver board?  
Yay! Power has been restored! (after I had packaged udon noodles for dinner) 
@LittleGigiGirl The MW was when u were telling me how u get the cute little symbols.I tried @SweetPeaAngel 's way but it didn't work. 
i made jiffypop because we have a gas stove here. only to find out it is loaded in trans- and saturated fats  i opted for triscuts.
Gas needs to be cheap again 
Power has gone and I'm out 
@dalezeroeight Don't think we will be getting anymore MW2 details for a while now unfortunately 
The power went out and i'm scared 
@Energy1075FM The bright side...rain is supposed to bring lifetime of luck...(not so much for your equipment though 
Power outage @ the movies!! 
And the power goes. Power cuts are getting quite common in my locality now. 
theres no electricity.....  i think its the whole block....
Gas is $2.79 now!! $10 used to get me half a tank 
No power for long time, back up is down, I hate power down in summer 
Wishing laptops could directly run on solar power 
It's so warm outside and the heating is on. It's making me feel really sick 
so there comes frequent cut of power supply and my computer hitting a serious problem.. 
Electricty went (N) had to get off laptop 
woke up to no power. no power  no modem   fortunately it came on quick. no one else up.  just wish I had grabbed my glasses!
looking at power tools, sadly i don't feel more manly 
@ColtSeaversPS sorry our severs were down today. we are live on FM. Power etc issues are a kosovo daily prob 
@iMmopukCP I got a Water leak 
Hoping the rain stays away so I can be outside...car needs a good cleaning out. Water off in the house, can't do dishes or laundry. 
Power just went out on the block 
power jst went out 
i really wish i could find the power cord for my amp. i rerealized an old song the other day, but it really needs to be played electric. 
Gas is so expensive again 
power is out! WTF!! in the middle of @Meowmistidawn and @jamesdeen scene! 
with great power, comes great responsibility..hang in there grandpap 
with great power, comes great responsibility..hang in there grandpap 
@brenden I miss when gas was around $1.50  
Missing my shows cuz our electricity went out.. 
My sleepiness better not over power my alarm 
I see that airports now  have a key on off switch for the power... So that people like me who need power can't do there work 
Not allowed to leave appt coz missing luggage due to be delivered. Sewerage works under way just outside so can't open windows 
@signorlilley Would love to but just ran out of energy.  *nudges timer*
Water heater broke and flooded my garage/living room! There goes my off day 
@hunterhastings will check it out ... early for us still  Need energy boost now!
@MrsRance @nopai thanks ya! Gw belum coba kesana siy  #diaper bags
had to go home early due to a power cut... 
on the phone with Puget Sound Energy.... Yay..   
Gas fitters just finished for the day, still no gas or hot water  but most of the electrics back on and cold water so all good.
Man! Got a 400 watt (peak) power con/inverter for the ride and it won't power my sound system. 
http://twitsnaps.com/~znl Water, water, everywhere...and not a drop to drink..! 
@poptrashmusic Wind just messes with my hayfever 
Met @alpower today and got introduced to some of his awesome photography... he also consistently gets mistaken for Alabama Power 
@rovingrob it's playing up, I think there was a big power surge or soemthign that shorted it out and erased my media drive as well 
HoLY FUck. $32 to fill my gas tank. That BlOWS!!! 
going to get a rockstar juice i need some energy 
great! now the electricity is out! 
http://twitpic.com/7igam - Water from this sink exploded on me  and the restroom smelled
had an assessment for a new job with PSC today, crap I think I bombed 
Just kicked mr lance out of Who Stoped the Wind!? 
No electricity aja gitu...  http://myloc.me/3ZCp
The electricity has just gone off. 
@power 106.. hey no power house this year or what?? so sad if no. 
@power106la ... hey no power house this year?? if no aww so sad 
still no power... 
@kelliesimpson not sure I've got the energy 
Electricity is out. 
@jelabendana I dunno if it's just late, but I feel like I lost my banat power! 
WAAA!!I&quot;m out of energy again 
@BrettMcGuire - Not sure. I tried the Power + Home button trick and it worked, it's on again now. I hope it doesn't happen again. 
Feels like mess and now has NO power to allow me to get ready 
I feel like death worn over today!!! Just need to power through...power power power......pooower 
@AnneSowards I wish I had the power of teleportation 
@lebos68  The power went out  We would have went on but the amps and the microphones were out too.
@robsacks Power corrupts. 
Water on the laundry room floor; never a good sign.  
Duke Energy and Progress Energy rank 12 and 36, respectively, on the Top 100 US Corporate Polluters   http://www.peri.umass.edu/toxic100/
@leolaninyc My power cord went bad. I may be offline real soon. 
my LIPA friend just knocked on the door to tell me I am going to be amish again for the next hour  
I'm so tired.  I have no energy.  
grr power stations 
The tornaders are out &amp; we have no power! 
Energy pills suck I felt like I was going to die 
bah! pcworld swordfish brand cooling fan ruined my xbox360. power connector overheated (!) and melted, fusing into the power coupling 
My power just went out.. And didn't come back on 
I love it when the power flickers and shit when it rains. 
Ugh. Gas is so expensive. 
@smalrus i keep having to power off, power on again... what do i do????  i really have some work to do tonight, can i uninstall anything?
Aghrrr what a storm and I'm still without power 
Going to town to eat because no power to cook...i look a mess 
heeeeey @tiffanixo did your power go out? you live just a few blocks away! mine did  for a little while..
My gas light went on  aahhhh
We have no power.  
I hate when the power goes out.  text me.
While trying to change my oil I broke a socket and stripped half of the oil pan plug because it was on so tight. Oil still not changed. 
Losing all energy  what the hell
@ladygbd ad the power issue to that Sqft equation and it explains a lot about our power consumption issues 
My power just went out 
gas over $3 again 
Just spilled a whole bunch of gas on my shoes. The stupid automatic shutoff was broken 
I got gas.  And the antacids aren't working. I should take some more...
finally the power came back on! sitten here bored. 
wants to compete! i want hard competition! i want to rally. i want to feel the power coming out of the engine! i want to compete 
@urbanjax JEA rates going down? I'll believe it when I see it... 
@pbacgrad It may have been an amazing storm to watch, but it *sucks* when it knocks out your power (and thus your alarm) 
@makeupbylinvia nothing exciting  you rebel, studio fluid, russian red (b2m) (I lost my other one!!!), fleur power (i smashed it!!)
so cold!!! The heating doesn't come on until 10:30 
Another &quot;awesome&quot; day at work   Water heater broke in a a vacant and flooded the two units below it, one of which is occupied...ugh...
Water bill rising here - watering all the flowers, putting out all the sprinklers.  It's extremely hot and dry, 98 here again today 
still dont have power 
http://twitpic.com/7mhk5 - There was a brownout at.... 
no electricity 
CenterPoint Energy got me. No choice but to pay bill.  Who knows where gas went and no promise it won't happen again. It's only $550 
31 km ride today.. Wind was awful 
I want a power ranger shirt. But hot topic doesnt have the one i want. 
@AnditisLiz if power would stream it online i could 
@JessicaVickery no word on why, but I guess power was out to half of my town for about 4 hours Then when the power was up my net was down 
I need all the good energy I can get!!!!! 
Is wondering why there is only one gas station in her area.. 
Wow no power=no fun i have wasted this evening!  i should of learnt lines and practiced piano!
power cut here 
Misses Energy Radio here in the valley. It was the best station in town and no station plays dance music anymore 
electricity is out again. 
@Schristofersen @Dragonzeye37 tough one with gas prices going up too. 
Just broke down and bought an external drive. To bad im like, 20 feet from a power source. 
No electricity yet  How long will this go on?
We just got our power back on. I hate thunderstorms. 
My battery is dying and the power's out  good night I guess.
@edwardhor I'll be at transformers when origin is on 
We had a MAJOR thunderstorm come thru here a while ago. Power is completely out.  
Water never tasted so good...so sore 
@ashwinj66 what is it surviving on then? solar power? 
karachi, on hell due to failure in power supply. what a shame, electricity not restored after more than 18 hrs. 
wth?! why isn't hamtaro saying gas-p yet  ?
Feeling so disgusted  Power cut! Can't use PC. What are u doing Electricity Board of India?
no energy.very tired 
power cut again... 
$7 is not sufficient for purchasing enough gas to make my fuel light switch off.  
@Kv305 damn I know right  nah I wont, no worries
@Snookk I'm glad you have... electricity 
@charleswbrown lmao haha i feel more tired that ever they took my super power now im a totally normal girl  i wish i had A7X power charlyy
No power means no flat iron and no big breakfast 
Hyperventalating... my power just went out. I can't live like this for very long. Last time it was 8 days without power.... I can't do it 
Has no electricity  #fb
Still no power. So pissed off 
Gas leak scare @ work....yack shit smells like rotten eggs 
Its stormin once again and I have no power 
I want to see transformers 
pumping gas, the nozzle went crazy and then gas spilled on me 
@pdwhite522 At least you still have power at home! That's good. Wish the power would go out here so that I could go home early. 
Horrible storm i hate them. Power is out. Not fair. 
a transformer blew up behind the house so I no longer have any power 
I unloaded my kiln today.  Electric just does not compare to soda firing 
Shit. The gas nozzle slipped and sprayed gas all over my pants, shoes, and ground 
@ajsancho, wasting gas and hurting our ozone layer! 
i hate power outages   im super bored
 electricity is out.
Ouuuuchhh hot oil burned me 
@morningshowz103 awww mannnn i just filled up on gas right before i got homeee  lol
My neighbor's tree is laying across a power line so we're sitting here in the dark waiting for power 
The new webshop is draining all my energy. But still, it is becoming beautiful and simple. And prevents me from going to bed before 3a.m. 
Wind swept hair is a good thing taking jenn home not so fun 
@greenerguy  Yes. Unfortunately, getting the electricity to the cooktop is about 30% efficient. 
@malielfman @screencrave is seeing #transformers2 really wanted to go but no +1's allowed 
Electricity just went out. 
I just fried my power board, bugger 
going to bed prettttty early. just have no energy. i need the sunnnn 
http://twitpic.com/7ry5o - Power went out in the whole block 
Our electricity went out. 
@morganmarie my comp is dying on me and i don't have my power cord. so sorry, but i'll talk to you tomorrow.  'night
Missing power 
#inaperfectworld you could gank noobrs and their mains wouldnt come 
My power adaptor stopped working, and it's the weekend. The battery won't last  What to do?
@rebekahwalker it's soo big, i don't know if i can  it might over power me
@KellyRuthxo I want to see transformers 
@DevilCreme wow, you must work at the power company 
@merixzon fraid not, it's petrol not diesel 
I think my power supply just died 
Water in the basement... No news yet... Makes for a pretty crappy day....   Could be worse, I guess...
Ugh My power keeps going off and on 
I'm really over this flare.   I have entirely too much to do and entirely too little energy with which to do it. #spoonie
I want to watch transformers 2! 
Water in the engine oil   thank the gods for the fly in cat specialist we may be in the bay by this eve
Ouch, gas is $3 now 
@gracesmith I definitely recommend seeing them - the energy was incredible! I danced until I literally dropped! I miss clubbing 
@linuxlibrarian Makes me ashamed to have 4 computers 10x the power right next to me 
Power going in and out 
power went out 
Power's out due to storms. 
@jpcashcash   i cant! i lost electricity due to storms. 
shutting down for now.....storms are a rolling in!! Electricity flickering....not good! 
power out while making cookies 
my power is out 
Power all over huntsville is apparently out. I don't like the dark! 
@MzTerroyaSimone I don't hope the power goes out, I don't have a snuggle bunny to cuddle up with 
Ugh, I wanted it to storm like this earlier when it was light outside, not now when it's dark &amp; will be scary if the power goes out!  
We lost our power at 10:30!  
Gas prices are going crazy again.  
fkkn 80 bucks 4 a full tank of gas; it's going up again  &amp; wen I was filling gas the wind lifted up my dress lol so embarrasing!
Our show got cancelled due to power outage 
@jennysunphoto ya. it cant power on now. sending for repair. 
@jennysunphoto ya. it cant power on now. sending for repair. 
the Gas company just started unloading heavy equipment outside in the street  #theregoestheweekend #fb
Power is out. 
just woke up and the power is out 
still without power. 
Feeling like have a flat battery. Really tired and lacking in energy. Rubbishness 
 dads got to turn the power off  caio
I'm about to run out of gas!!!  http://mypict.me/4EBl
Trying to get all my fucking data back because the power went out 
I'm sad to see a transformer toy that does not transform. 
I miss having power 
@heyythereashley I have no gas !  and I think the broham is about to use the carrrr .
low on battery power 
is thinking she's too tired for transformers 
can't find the power plug for my scooba. 
just had an electrical power outage for 2 times...and i'm alone at home  i'm scared =/
http://twitpic.com/7xf5t - Gas is almost 3 bucks 
@aphriza wow. the drive is much shorter. and fuel efficient. 
The power just went out at our restaurant.  
power cut the whole day....... and the inverter is down..!!!! 
ran out of gas in Plyo X 
Oh lawwwd. I'm blocked in at the gas station. 
is annoyed at the power outage at my house 
The power is out 
No ice cream for me  Gas station closed for the night dangit
Wind sucked so bad I couldn't wakeboard 
spent the day with the parents. I feel so guilty for eating everything I did today.  Water all this week. lol
no power till 1:30 a.m. 
:*( the tornado alarms are going of all the way well lets say 20 miles away from me  power might go out sorry
@patrichards I don't have it yet, so too much gas. 
@ILuvMyiPhone88 lol but this just happend when the power went out my fridge got hot  and so did the melon and i stunk so bad omgomgogmogm
Our power inverter just broke 
@weberdlee I saw on TV that sugar in a gas tank doesn't work.  #IranElection
Wind + umbrella + speedlight = broken wireless receiver  Always weigh down your gear outdoors
Power cut.... 
gr8 father's day present from Eskom - a power failure  thankfully my roast chicken was cooked already
I am so exhausted. It's awful, I just have no energy lately. 
I have no power 
is thinkin losing all her energy slowly... 
What is up? Power outage? I heard sirens outside, probably not such a good day for someone. 
power cuts? - yeah pretty much civilisation enders they is 
Just lost power, great. 
If I disappear suddenly, it means my power went out. 
http://twitpic.com/85ab2 - ugh, stupid storm. our power is out. 
No power.    It's hot &amp; dark.  http://yfrog.com/0v7ysj
power cord is broken 
@hackett777 Awwww so wrong! He and I get along like water and oil. 
Wish I could go to the transformers premiere.  READMIT!
Our power just  went out!! 
getting gased in the gas chamber 
i really want to c transformers 2 so badly its ridiculous 
transformers is sold out 
the power supply died in my computer   dell is sending a replacement.
@emilyfischels OMG REALLY!?!?!  dude, transformers tonight!? imax is sold out at midnight though 
stokeddd for transformers 2, I hope it doesn't sell out too quick like the fast and furious did 
@tommcfly haha i have the power too 
@JGDemas no power  I just haven't been around hon, I'm sorry. It's not you. Just me. *hugs*
fcukin power failure ruined me 
@Dripduke no power laces = fail 
@heydude1174: i knew it, dude! can't wait, no transformers tonight  but most definitely housewives reunion
more studying  then seeing transformers at midnight yay!
wanted to see transformers at midnight...but it's sold out 
Beans give me really bad gas! That is what is making me feel sick! 
me want to watch transformers too 
i will never get to see transformers anytime soon 
i wanted to see transformers! 
@fourzerotwo damn you MW vip 
i want to see transformers 2 
 transformers was sold out 
Power is flashing on and of... 
@Samarie86 that makes me so sad   there were a lot of continuity errors in the 1st one too though
No transformers 2 today since movie theatre lost power 
Is waitin ar gas station cause I don't have ant gas and I'm stuck and noone will help me I'm sad 
Our maids can feel mom's presence. Windows opening. Electric fan working. Cold air sending shivers down their spines. As for me, none. 
Too tired and sleepless because of power cuts 
@rcsantosbia  what?? I haven't seen transformers yet... lol... where u at? I'm @groovecandy
Aww i want...to watch transformers 
trying to make the pluses from the minuses, i need to get out of this debt, before they cut our power off 
who watched transformers???? iwant to 
@DJYoungFresh i'm up. But no energy 
everyones hating on transformers and I loved it 
transformers 2 was sooo  overated and boaring....so disapointed 
@rianlim i envy you! i also want to watch transformers in imax. 
I couldn't really deny that i got annoyed from one of my clients...such a waste of energy... 
Power cut caused alarm in flat to go off - but we don't have the code 
@juliancheal not sure we have that power we're afraid 
I feel left out because I haven't seen transformers yet 
Morning! I have nooo energy 
Still without power 
@beezandhoney: right before I left u tweeted about transformers so I assumed u were out w peeps. 
mental breakdown :'( transformer doesn't help 
I want to watch transformers! 
Water drill today. 
f'n power failure...probably no movie for me... 
Electric is out. 
i have not seen transformers. 
why has everyone but me seen the new transformers 
...and the power went out again...right in the middle of my highscore drumoff of everlong on ghwt 
@ujj power cuts in bangalore too? this is crazy, just when I am moving back 
Power cut 
@carmanuals @DoItYourselfs @Electricity101 I see your M.O. there  #rofl
is listening to 16 Horse Power  
http://twitpic.com/3kv9n - TO THE MOVIES! 
@alyssa212 haha. i don't know. felt like it? i have the power. 
@kimshahan  read the 48 laws of power   and u will know what i mean
Just picked up some gear oil, and grease at the 24hr parts store 
@Zeintz need some oil for that? 
Perhaps, I should do the same for solar energy and photovoltaics! What say, friends? 
@rosskie Out the back topping up my solar energy! 
@BradleyLaw i would buy one for sure, i have some energy related issues so it would be good for getting aroun 
Just installed a new power supply in my PC for the first time! and it DID NOT  blow up! yay! 
kaotic bees power!! 
@ColorMeKelly haha i gave that power 
power cut at work equals sittin outside in sun 
power cut leadin to early finish even better! 
the power of friendship  http://tinyurl.com/censpn
@brizzling lol power of teamwork 
5W of energy powers your brain. 3W of energy focused burns through metal. What do u think focus would do to obstacles? 
@Hydro3jo That's cause giveaway is tomorrow  #iPhone #promocodes: @Hydro3jo That's cause giveaway is tomorrow .. http://tinyurl.com/c6j2hv
Again, #followfriday PPL!  @fantomaster @davesnyder @copyblogger @webaddict @debijebi @DrFernKozlow @chrisbrogan @problogger @passionsista
contemplating getting out of bed, but just don't have the energy!! really tired!! but southend tonight, YAY!! 
has A LOT of energy 
@catsparks yeah,it's the power of youtube! 
@Hydro3jo That's cause giveaway is tomorrow  #iPhone #promocodes: @Hydro3jo That's cause giveaway is tomorrow .. http://tinyurl.com/c3adwh
@Hydro3jo That's cause giveaway is tomorrow  #iPhone #promocodes: @Hydro3jo That's cause giveaway is tomorrow .. http://tinyurl.com/c3adwh
@fouzalsabah Nap!  Power naps are the best! I'm all about napping! LOL
@GuySebastian ooh no...I don't think vegies will give you the energy to power up those lungs 
I have so much energy. 
@mahafreed I want light now and not lightning  bloody power failure
@pedrocs aahh cuddy!.... power truly is sexy 
@ladyw87 transformers. The other 2 r lame 
@HiroBoga  wonderful site...wonderful calm - healing energy 
shower power 
@longhand en kv. 
http://twitpic.com/4j0mw - only because i can.. 
I want my mutant power to be diamond encrusted skin!! blangblang! 
@HardSIDOfficial: it was a third-party switchable power supply i picked up locally - i'm sure your power supplies are fine. 
@KunalSheth it will get over on 8th. subjects remaining are power generation operation and control &amp; distribution system automation 
@madnilk thank you  btw, if u're wondering, you can check out the &quot;Fuel&quot; brand here ( @fuelbrandgroup )
@ForetDeMichelle you don't need my physical presence, you have my energy already!!! 
Right now at my second gig !!! Sippinn on guess whut ? Water  we sta focused we are on the job 
The power is out! I can't seeeeeeee!!  I love storms!
@ThatSillyLily haha i only love you too sissy!!!!!  ring power! lol
I did NOT get timed out!! We lost electricity!!! #TwitterTakeover 
Just took a blue transformer  now to transform! Assend!!!!
Yay power came back now i can sleep 
@JonathanRKnight  I've decided to just let it go. I can't stop rudeness and hatred and it's a waste of energy.  You know how I feel 
@SensualStories hehe you are talking to princess lazy here   power to the lazys! giggles
@berryanarchy I'm doing well, and after a night of power outages from storms I'm happy the suns out! 
Watching The Power. Caarn Ports &amp; The Swannies   xoxoxox
coco just freaked herself out when she passed gas. haha 
done with my power pont! 
@fareastmovement listening to your song on power 106!! 
@JennyfromMTV Yes!  It's EMFs (plane radiation) run hairdryer, motor side toward u (air facing out), all around ur body to release EMFs. 
@g_power I thought so too 
'Neata tweet PPL 
@donna_de hehe!!  *energy energy energy!!!!*  hope u have a great day!!!
@JulieAnnStorr I'm all for running on mains power whenever possible - darned batteries don't last long enough!  It was very fun afternoon
@ThePinkLadyJ I think you should get Electric Eel too  And the 180 palette. 2 of them actually. 1 for you...and 1 for a friend. Like me ;)
Amazed at the power of stock exchanges... to make you rich 
Wind and rain..... my favourite 
@ikle_pattikins well it could have been a small one... Or just @samiamagirl passing gas. 
&quot;Because you can't kill love&quot; -- GWs04e23  http://plurk.com/p/uine7
there is good energy I'm sending for you all     
@twodesign :: Did you knock out the electricity while tunnelling?  
@itspink the new transformers i think will b great 
What he meant was that Chiru should focus on process to build the party with the given assembly seats &amp; think long term to get into Power 
@irreverentwidow would you like a 4th to love? I have a very healthy 2 yo with boundless energy and non-stop talking power - 
@popelizbet old magics plus new tools equal power most fierce 
@partnersinrhyme @andylloydgordon ...or a cat with edible add-ons? Energy crisis solved! 
Is considering a couple of titleist spin milled vokey design wedges. Oil can finish of cource 
#MW2 yea we have it  GREAT WOW look at http://bit.ly/QwS0k  for the Trailer MW 2 check it out
@aldenako hows the band? more power 
@LauraWhittaker i have the power 
boom boom - fire power 
@dollars5 raining at madurai??? Coool!! mosquitoes and flooded roads along with power cuts.. 
@JaneDoes The stalker coat with nothing underneath   (via @KCPL) LOL
@MarioSoulTruth: then that means you should put some of your energy towards me. 
Electricity is out but I can still update my status.  #fb
@CraigWHendry re: impact - it depends if you can find a way of charging it up via solar/wind power 
@fossiloflife &quot;N power&quot;?? u use nuclear power in ur home? 
