Most common words for this cluster:
[('practice', 259), ('training', 61), ('camp', 46), ('workout', 18), ('today', 16), ('band', 14), ('dance', 11), ('session', 10), ('tomorrow', 9), ('morning', 9), ('swim', 9), ('graduation', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'practice', 0.8917731046676636), (u'practicing', 0.6803141832351685), (u'pratice', 0.6797381043434143), (u'workouts', 0.6636733412742615), (u'workout', 0.6609127521514893), (u'practiced', 0.6456762552261353), (u'shoot_arounds', 0.6361450552940369), (u'jog_throughs', 0.6209564208984375), (u'Practice', 0.6041842699050903), (u'conditioning_workouts', 0.6020282506942749)]





A little sore from football practice. 
@superblue unfortunately not at civic camp. 
No ride to practice yet. Fml 
Practice. It's so freakin hot 
@lauratj there are no courses online  and prpoercourses are exy $$ best thing is practice
@TheJeffster I actually agree, I'm not as hyper as I usually am with these routines. 
Last swim lesson for this session... So sad 
soccer practice, church, homework alll day 
stupid fire drills, i could burn more! 
@djahne1104 There's always summer camp right 
Needs to practice some programming but doesn't have anything to work towards 
going to do more practice now, before going to play at a funeral 
Trying to get in some soccer practice before it rains. 
Cricket practice makes my back and organs hurt.  Why am I cursed to be so good at it?  
practice was really funnn! being a vet is hard lolll. and i pulled a muscle 
At play practice til 3! these head set microphones hurt! 
Going to be so cold at camp! And I'm not even ready for it. 
@SerenePoet aww i miss you too  &lt;3 come to practice Tues please?????
2 trainings down.. 1 hour left until i go home 
Getting readyw for school then a hard track practice 
I hear camp will be gaaaaay 
is awake and headin to practice where i will not participate 
camp was amazing. can't believe it's over. 
@coreyotten I'm about to knock out b/c I just realized it's 3am...and I hurt everywhere from batting practice...  :winces:
I miss camp 
practice essay writing 
Now I'll have to have two sets of practice. one for the full band &amp; one for partial.     
no practice tonight.  
a great cycling training of 46km and the half of the training was adverse wind 
has just got back from car club and did really badly when had instruction but did really well when didnt have instruction 
Is tired, but happy. No hockey practice today  
NoOo! I wanna watch Private Practice &amp; i can't!! 
@MagdaS i have band practice 
Off to practice 
@ycherry I kinda wish I could do some training...unfortunately, our bosess don't think we need any 
@megaaanftw @Jensterrr i can only go for the signin cop i got drama practice 
@letsbetigers Is she? I hope she knows I'm not going. I wanna camp, too... 
so bruised and beat up from cheer practice 
I need a routine again!!!!!  bleh
It is nearly 1 a.m. and I'd really like to practice guitar and I can't because I don't want to wake my neighbors. 
Still have stiffness from sunday  Maybe i should counter with another workout session.
@disil429 I'm at this training that I'm lost in 
Working late at camp 
Practice is brutal ! -_- still practicing, and haven't went home from school ! 
cannot relaxing because she have to practice for her graduation 
boo gf can't go now  I passed my guard training lol
sleepy and tired..i don't want to go to practice 
@exorre Our raid leader made us run drills to practice switching 
Aw i couldn't see robert before practice. That makes me sad     
Practice was a beast today. Not going to see Julian tonight 
i want to join drama practice today but i can't 
Final practice test in the morning. I'm feeling scared and so lonely 
time for bed...grad practice in the morning and then packing/cleaning/moving out   -D-
No workouts lately - work has been too busy to leave early...  
i dont like practice reviews 
i miss annual camp 07 too much and i shouldn't. 
@Iloveth Aww what exactly happened or did it just start hurting after practice? 
off to the dance studio! got a early and long pratice today! 
hurt my back at cheer practice.  i think i should've told my coach right when it started hurting. too late now. leave for camp monday.
painting is 80% preparation and 20% painting, i'm @ 75% now 
Decision to be made: do I continue to practice my geetar or do I clean my apartment? I'm feeling lazy, but cluttered  this should be easy.
@moniquita26 I guess I missed a good workout. 
practice will not be cancelled due to an open top bus parade tomorrow.. 
you guuuuuuys! i can't go to music practice  hmph wack
Practice is annoying 
@ggrrracee LUCKKYY! i detest waking up early  oh and i have dance practice at 1:30 so i have 3 hrs to kill in between!
just finished a practice session.. I do not rock today.. 
this season of private practice ended on a really sower note. can't go to bed after that.  
is sore all over from boot camp....why do I punish myself 
no training no cry 
@howlieT mines tomorrow  biology. I got 51% in the only practice paper there is....
The training was all going so well...http://snurl.com/j5t6q 
Getting ready. Practice. 
: online training is the pits 
will be in training during #xboxe3 
training soon 
@CandyMaize camp? i miss going to camp  i went to girl scout camp when i was younger. haha
is waiting for dance practice. I really don't feel like going tonight 
the arndale centre likes to practice their alarm drills on a sunday eve - loud and scary 
Has a headache  and practice this morning at 8!! ugh so tired
this workout regimen is taking its toll on me...i'm sore from head to toe!  oh and i'm not liking this 8-5:30 work schedule 
basketball practice 
Next door neighbour just started trumpet practice...  and it doesn't sound like a Specials jam session
back from cheerleading training 
and I'm off to boot camp 
On my way to church for practice  my wrist hurts really bad idk if imma be able to practice
watching baseball practice with my friends...the bugs 
practice tests. want to be out on the town w friends 
Being forced to clean my room. And getting yelled at  I just want to go to bed early. So tired from soccer practice
It is bedtime. So, much for my workout. 
@ikatdlc u ready for workouts tmrw? i'm not 
YAY it finally change and training was called off to muddy at the ground  now training wednesday with juniors
training: a method of proving how unfit you are 
grad practice 
i nearly died during swimming training, it was soooo tiring 
@iliketightjeans drew no practice tonight!  they have training in the hanger so we had to cancel!
band lost out practice space    anyone know any places we can jam at?
@teamcybergeist we are heading to practice too. But wish i was going to cali 
@theTpain I couldn't go! I had no ride  It's going to be a Pusshy-led endurance practice.
@milR913 I'm @ practice  can I see u sooon?!
@mitchelmusso aww no I'll be at practice 
ugh. drivers ed in the morning (first test, eeeep!)  wish it was stinking cheer practice instead!
I'm so tired and sleepy but I really HAVE to go to practice! 
i picked up an injury last nite at training 
i don't want to go to the sqaush practice, it's tooo hott .. but i have to  !
Not feeling good at all..practice till 10:30 
I forgot I have a personal training session with jose.    working out stinks.
has muscles aches...from yesterday's workout..hopefully i don't die at e training tomorrow with my personal trainer.. 
@poohbearsha same here girl...got practice @ 7 
It really sucks being sick  Missing out on practice for @casoo's debut dance  And I was really looking forward to it..
Ugh have to go to work on my vacation  i have some training to complete
Last practice with tag right now. 
in training till 4 
swim practice 
i wish i were going to younglife camp 
Really bummed that camp is over 
@ImGeraLd It's raining and I have to practice my vocals for tomorrow's recording -- so I guess I will stay in 
Practice called off early for lightning 
is heading to band practice.   but currently stuck in traffic. 
back from camp, finally. 
@MySheriAmore so ms mogul in training how did you get into consulting (would DM'd this to u but ur not followin me  )
missing camp  but excited about the 294!
is supposed to be at practice at 645 for graduation. i am not tired.. 
@5LiveF1 so what's up with rosberg, great at practice sessions but awful at qualifying ! 
graduation practice! So early 
have to practice the speech 
is resting but wishing she was at dragon boat practice with @jaecinyc 
7am on sat  band practice  makes everything better :-P
pretty worried for my team. they're not taking training seriously and not very initiative 
is taking a break from shoveling mulch. I have a very hilly backyard so this is quite a workout. WOOOOOOOOOOO  
Practice until 5 ish see ya. 
in practice nw sadly  x
@ioncontrol I looked around for you after practice and couldn't find you. 
I'm sooo sleepy but my back pain is not helpin me finish my training preperation 
practice at 6. 
@gdmpwm1 oh i see  I took some classes of drawing and caligraphy , the firm lines are quite difficult to make ,took me alot of practice
is DEAD. lifeguard training from 9am to 5pm? not good. but i passed! woo! and lost my toe ring 
practice tonight. could be without lauz tho 
exhausted. just had some intense training 
practice ACT downtown 
late night training session 
Aww I did bad on the bio practice exam 
camp is coming 
is back from Wilgamuwa....  i miss the camp beds!
band practice! then writing my english paper 
Really wish I was at bigstuf camp 2009 
packing for camp 
i missed guitar practice  summer is going to be hard
i just realized i have a practice proficiency 2moro... 
 training is over #njdfatrain
Just attempted the bold jump from 'beginner' to 'easy' on sudoko on my iphone. it took me 30 mins  I need more practice I think...
I miss camp now  gosh! why why why why did it have to end!=(
@purplebeats totally agree.. i had learnt this art but seem to have forgotten for some time  need to practice it again.. hehe
More guitar practice, and possibly an attempt at sleep. There's nothing else to do 
Listening to music and preparing myself for hockey practice tomorrow! 
i hope i dont fail, i hope i dont need my palmcards to much i am getting off sooon to practice 
practice  9 to 3.
my alarms clock didnt go off.....and i missed practice 
have to go to basketball camp 
Getting ready to go practice driving with my drivers ed instructor and it's raining 
Ugh sat practice. 
Practice n an hour 
Practice 6-8  @jdelange has to stay home alone. awwww.
swim practice! i thought there wasnt. BOo!  lol
okay so i went 2 tennis practice but it turns out that there wasnt any 2day.... 
getting ready for practice 
band practice then studying anatomy at the library 
Is sick at camp 
Too bad I got practice tonight 
I've never been sick at camp before; but now that I am, I can sympathize with those that have been... IT SUCKS! 
Still sore from training 
@vavroom It's hard to remember it, without practice in monolingual antipodea 
I have to sit in the car and wait for my son while he is at football practice 
oommmgggg my headache won't go away, how am i supose to practice guitar if i can't even go get it 
My legs still hurt!!!  oh well...I'm actually excited to go to practice today...it's a million times more fun than what I just did
*\___ wish i had an airplane so i could make practice 
I miss high school musical practice and the cast!  can't wait to go back. @dancerpenguin
@ninarose04 We are using training pads, but it's still not working too well. 
no band practice for 2 weeks! 
wishing I had to go bed to wake up early for camp, but I don't have too. 
i hate production practice. our school plays are so bad. grr 
just got home from practice wish my knee wasnt all busted 
has to wake up reasonably early for grad practice. 
gotta practice for production 
getting ready to leave for swim practice. 
@inlovewitharmy - I have leader ship training 
It sucks when you fix all your stuff for practice and then you wake up with a huge migraine and be told you can't practice anymore. 
Waiting for my sister to finish her dance practice. 
stitches are prohibiting my triathlon training   this is not good
@Gicafied I knooooow  HAHAHHAHAHA. Practice makes perfect.
I miss band practice!! we havent done it in a while 
Off to basketball practice 
Practice sucked and I am so tired and we have to swim then run then weight room at 4 ugh 
pissed off!!! football shoe broke down in practice! 
UGH! There is no stick and puck today at Centennia but there is an open skating session. Not sure if I can do it without pads 
last training shift...hopefully 
@abramsandbettes i will be in boot camp when it airs 
I lost domo's armband  (and its freaken hot at grad practice T.T)
backk from cheer practice...so fuc8ckin soooreeee 
stupid practice paper 
tired after a hard practice today. still have pain in my broken toe 
Beginning my new workout regimen. It got delayed a day because of my poor puppy. 
i got over 15 wrong on my practice regents..and still grading 
just died at basketball... about to go die some more at batting practice... 
home.. practice sucked major balls.. and iv got 11-2 practice tommarro too  fml
I miss my workout partner @alaynalim  #squarespace
I cant sleep!  i have cheer practice tomorrow! I need the energy! :\
training is silly when its cold 
has rep training but going to be latee 
Just kill me now  back into the old routine LOL
finalizing training agenda. really hard to please everybody 
I miss cheer practice 
@jessissocool training. 
tierd from judo training 
Going to miss the first episode of Private Practice on the 29th  booooh xxx
off to strength training   i just might die  
didn't go to practice this morning. tummy hurted. 
Reading up on some clicker training tips...about to go to work 
has a very sick little girl.  This is actually out of my scope of practice 
I'm tired  Derby Practice at 7!
feels horrible.. being forced to miss swim practice 
so i went to swim team practice and now i am burnt 
I can't believe that I'm blowing off going to yoga again. It's been weeks since I've been to practice... 
killed from practice!!   getting ready to go lay down!
tired of the routine... 
at Shelb's. Sleeeep! then practice in the morning 
@lovelauren19 I wish I could at camp 
summer soccerr practice is ssooo lameee 
just got pwned at brawl.  must practice!
swim practice in 30 minutes 
I really don't want to be up for practice right now 
I'm very sore after training 
pennsbury recruiting camp....postponed 
Just back from Sainburys and practice drive...........then hurt my knee after getting out of the car!!!   
Morning ab workouts are hard. 
is mad cuz i got up early to go to swim practice and then it was canceled   swim meet laterr
I think I sprained my ankle.  I hope it rains all day so practice gets cancelled.
haha is mad that she missed her workout 
I can always feel good after a workout but I can always feel like crying after he gets mad at me 
Graduation practice in the hot sunnnnnn  fml
Andrean camp got rained out 
just got back from practice. im all icky 
just remembered we have singing lesson tomorrow and I've done no practice again! 
z pulled hamstring today at practice   now he has to do treatment.
Practice was better talya isn't working with is anymore  super tired  now about to go get my hair braided
At mimas dance recital practice - being here is making me wanna start dancin again* I miss the POiNT shoes 
Car misbehaving again.  Trying to make it work before practice starts...    #fb
i wish we were doing more taekwando practice. i miss my tkd 
Is at her last thursday practice 
Jacques is @ baseball practice... 
got back from practice/popeyes 30 minutes ago and now i feel tiredd. soon enough i have practice again tomorrow morning  ...
Not the best frisbee throwin practice today  but it dont phase me!
don't eat sugary cookies before swim practice. 
Brb,choir practice,fuuu bad feeling 
@tkmking oo ouch, leaving the crown or whatever its called? i have to go practice grad speech 
Backs hurting...time for practice 
@itsmaneesha oh  no more tap tap practice for you ay?
Going to swim practice.....late again 
@aini training 
LALALAL basketball camp 
@turtlekirkland it wont let me pick the camp! 
So glad it is friday, time to relax and then practice the dance 
@askewadventures lol not even rock camp?  
i miss camp. 
so after skating around, most of us were taking shots on the net. my slapshots just aren't clicking  drills started with circles,
soooooo tired. that was one of the worst volleyball practices ever! i hate conditioning. 
@BrittanyRave kind of boring actually  and hot. i don't think the venue had air conditioning :/
really really reaaally wants to go to centrestage camp  
Practice 
@JGoodie12 I'm twittin even when I'm busy! I can't help it! Especially since I can't twit in training  I have some catchin up to do!
Driving to church. Practice all day 
Just finished my practice round @ nashboro village gc it was pretty gody 
Getting lost in D.C has become a weekly routine     
102.2  not going to work camp..
It makes me sad when they turn up the vol on the TV when I try to practice. I know it sounds bad, so I should get over it. 
I need a new practice staff, current one is wobbly 
back from band practice.. i fucking miss you so much 
@almightykey lafjlafndalkdsjagl. That's so lame.   That's prac. not flirting then, maybe he only doesn't coz -
shucks missed training 
Waiting for practice to start  fuckkk.
home alone  so i took the opportunity to practice my singing and acting for the we will rock you audition i got coming up   -xo
its way too hot for soccer practice... 
Now THAT is new! We have a drummer in the neighborhood. And he is practising! He also badly needs to practice ... but why here 
i got band practice tuesday i wish we had a bigger practice space 
@SavingAmalthea unfortunately I'm at chemistry camp then 
On my way to practice, it's good to be with the band again.... I want a tour so badly 
Just got home from soccer practice! Really tired now, but got to go to work now!! 
Trying to practice my speech and I can't concentrate 
Just got to practice I'll have to run soon yea 
I don't want to go to boot camp.  I hope they don't make me run.  I can't 
@kittylecat fair point  I am off now so no intertwit with you sadly  still am digging my racquet out for some swishing practice  x
[sigh] band practice cancelled tonite. 
softball practice 
sore from soccer practice...uggh 
Cpr training is boring 
At graduation practice. 
In training 
@sdemed i cannot believe you are leaving for france already - i am going to miss my workout partner &amp; we didn't get our last session in 
is goin to practice 
@casparto I had a dream and you were in it.. makes me miss seeing you at lunch and dance practice 
At practice feeling left out cause i missed two cheers 
just looked at my camp pictures. i miss camp so much 
Blahh. I'm stuck at practice till 8 
Off to basketball practice 
had a good practice.. I am now bored... and don't want to work in the morning 
Is home from camp 
trainings, trainings, trainings...again...phew 
@nellanetsrik I wish I had that appetite. I ate so much that it undid my workout 
@lesfloyd Up to you, but don't link it to me - as I said, it's common and acceptable practice. They bought the rights. 
Going to collect my art today. Would have had a practice for the ball  but no...
I'm sick at camp. 
did not like swim team practice yesterday o know i cant find legs no they just hurt really bad 
my arms are sore from swim practice. 
Soccer practice: weight room  Loveyou&lt;3
@nexs007 sure I can manage the odd ps3 practice session too. Just cos I'm nice 
@rechargelife I'm also glad to be on RenPro,still making myself familiar with their so many training tools 
watching private practice 
Enjoying warm weather and started practice playing guitar again  been way too long ago.. definitely need more practice again!
@KarinaFabian Practice makes perfect! 
@holydueg Clearly I need more practice. I better get started 
@Ithildyn I have to practice my nagging 
feeling pretty nice today, going to meet a friend for a walk along the best beach in the world.. Drewvis practice and band practice later 
won our two badminton matches. two down, seven more to go. practice, practice... 
off to band practice. 
@FleaMike I already have a banjo - maybe I should get some practice in on that, first 
gtg practice piano now... haha  brb then!
@TimNoonan I have never been a morning person  but I do it cause I like the training. I hear you, yoga an important part of my training.
Practice makes you perfect. 
is all about dance aerobics, then a meeting, then practice, then teaching 
@robinsons Ever thought about a career in personal training? 
 omggggg. )) LATER? practice?. tiring.
@scottma training. 
practice then competin at hamline 
duke of edinburgh practice walk was so good! but the weather was terrrible.... 
@stacyr520 u needed to boil the egg a little longer if the shell sticks! All u need is practice 
Going to deer camp for spring cleanup so i can use it to target practice!  it should take almost all day though. :/
In training for the venue didn't know I was being paid for being here yay 
@pagalguy best of luck for the marathon practice 
Getting ready to leave for chapter camp 
@azbeen whose skate are you making? 
Figure Skating Practice soon, 
at Practice 
@kimkiyosaki You get free training then 
@nickycakes I know, and it can actually be used (and expanded out) as a standalone practice drumkit 
@rnfjonasstack damnnn. training starts  at 11. but that would have been cool. next timeee 
@euripidean bank holiday is going well, had a great band practice so still on a buzz 
@training... 
@edwelker make sure you practice your hooping today! 
Off to band practice 
@lennytoups not for long goin for some sprints now 
Out for ultimate training. looking forward to the sunset! 
band practice 
hah!! to destress myself, i'm doing a trivia on Private Practice 
@LeMangelo  all you need is a little practice 
Typical Mess practice was productive 
I am thankful for the physio I'm going to today as my back is killing me! Then off to practice for the belly dance show soon 
enjoyed soccer practice with the boy - he's getting very bold &amp; self-confident, punctuated with smiles at the sideline &amp; missing action 
@michaelsorenson chocolate is the best after a long workout! 
@yestomhughesyes it can be more tiring than the training and fighting.      
is getting ready for a bath and bed. grey's and private practice mixed together tonight  can't wait!
Graduation practice today. Suddenlybita becoming more real. 
Graduation practice. 
Making up a pom routine. 
doing workouts before bed. i know its late, but better late than never! 
mage is almost 61 and i managed to get the rest of the gold she needed to get her epic training. 
is going to the training, finally 
Sitting outside to practice guitar. I love how peaceful mornings are. 
Fixing to practice! 
I change my mind frequently but I have a strong interest in training to be a midwife. 
just had a lovely lunch at my dads and now studying again, marketing management in practice 
Training center pages will now show your horse's health/energy levels before training &amp; you can switch to a different horse mid-session 
N forces me to dance  She needs practice for tuesday
more driving practice, then partyy 
@JLWebb82 i know! it's great!  how was your workout?
sleepy time. school time. Practice tomorrow at mi casa! should be fun 
i had a great workout! 
@qtee7 sometimes a good workout beats sleep 
going jogging. exercise good for health 
Starting rotation #4 - ambulatory care at a family practice. This is the beginning of the end 
oh, i found it. haha. going to practice now 
http://twitpic.com/5fakq - In hospital in practice... It was fun! 
recovering after exercise - my trainer took it easy on me today - we hardly needed the resuscitation unit at all   
Retweeting @shuntlai: @spryken @munyew90 @chiewata camp there for sunrise  ( wow..i love camping)
Is in his last day of teaching practice 
finally did some hard-out-constructive music practice.. feeling happy 
haning out with homies &amp; watching Private Practice  season 1 
@vicus then it will be great practice for each of us 
about to go to the church for graduation practice yay 
@davegray Only in theory, not in practice 
@RebieStyles ..Have fun you guys. Practice safety. 
Graduation Practice 
@NEENZ @sheilas @paulmerrill A workout you love is not work.   #twitfit
i am feeling great after practice...my stamina for this dance is increasing 
had a good workout 
Just worked on some obedience training with beans.  
is happy training is going to be over soon. I can return to my more normal routine 
