Most common words for this cluster:
[('problems', 268), ('problem', 209), ('trouble', 105), ('hiccups', 93), ('issues', 88), ('situation', 45), ('issue', 42), ('worries', 40), ('mess', 37), ('lol', 26), ('mistake', 23), ('com', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'problems', 0.87325119972229), (u'problem', 0.8548511266708374), (u'difficulties', 0.6851344704627991), (u'trouble', 0.6764974594116211), (u'troubles', 0.6735255718231201), (u'issues', 0.6418799757957458), (u'dilemma', 0.6273728013038635), (u'probems', 0.6272775530815125), (u'woes', 0.6204121708869934), (u'probem', 0.6145171523094177)]





@scarletjac but not good for me close to my current challenge 
My search decks on tweetdeck are not working since yesterday  - anyone else have this problem?
well, my foot odor problem is def. back!  hmph. 
is having dns issues again 
having trouble finding a cat5 patch cable that isn't crossed 
i'm having trouble editing my profile 
Trying to upload a pix but having trouble 
lewis seems to have a problem but so does kimi - raikkonen lets massa through so he must have an engine problem 
i have the hiccups  goodnight.
got the hiccups. it hurts 
got hiccups 
I can't handle this confusion.. 
Trying to post a photo I took from my mobile, having trouble doing so though?   http://myloc.me/40f
Still having problems getting a pic on profile!  
nina! you think you've got problems. I've been doing this drama for almost 5months..  GET OUT while your hearts still beating! x
Oh noes  I has the dreaded hiccups 
@nomysteryleft For the most part. Allergies and major breathing problems were a concern tho. 
@deviantfantasy but it blacked out durring a challenge. 
I have the hiccups 
I DON'T do headaches! they're far too counter-productive, I'm more than capable of obtaining that status without them 
problems with a seam based website where we have forgotten to remove dependency from jboss.com which has gone down this morning 
@PeteMoring been fine except insomnia problem 
Fuuuuuuuuck.  I hate hiccups!!!  I just want to sleep. 
I have hiccups 
solving problems!!!!!!! 
I'm new....what a mess! 
Still having trouble breathign 
Server issues this morning  apologies if you've had problems accessing the site. But were back now! http://www.crafteroo.co.uk
why are there so many distractions??? im cold as well now 
left 4 dead'ing with tiff and alaine. we're losing. 
Having trouble sleeping. And it's chilly to boot. 
@DWsCoverGirl1  you have sleeping problems?  I am the lightest sleeper there is  I feel  every movement and hear every sound
@dragonsinger57 my only one is 29 and the worries just morf into different types 
Having trouble sleeping at the new pad... 
is having some problems.... emotionally and physically, but there is no one to help me  hmm what to do? any suggestions
Ahh......so sorry  just try to remember that the problems are there as challenges - they are presented to help us grow.  I have to re ...
Having trouble downloading with FireFTP 
@Ragesplosion if only I had the sme problem with my beard 
@ambifauri no worries...i understand  sniff sniff
Sometimes i wonder if i'm not only a distraction 
A little audio problem 
I'm awake, i'm awake and i have hiccups 
I can't sleep (even after taking nyquil)...and now i have hiccups 
@christay0102 9, but with his difficulties, he is much more vulnerable physically &amp; emotionally 
still up. he put in another uncomfortable situation 
@k3n13 doesn't work.. i think there is someother issue.. 
has the hiccups and they wont go away 
catching up on my anoop fix. i miss anoop. 
Is in a quandry. I don't know what colours to use. 
@wademealing it's a very bad situation  unfortunately
@keza34 see told you be in trouble with @annwhit 
@miamipeppermint technical difficulties kept me from attending 
trouble in paradise 
@introversimonDu fix this problem with everyone being stuck at 97% 
Is in a fucked up situation and is hoping for courage to come out strong! 
i'm such a mess right now. 
Eurgh real trouble sleeping &amp; now feelin washed out 
I have hiccups 
decided against running the marathon due to stomach issues. 
i have been left with a mess.. 
Having problems with modrewrite. 
just came back from an ayurveda centre and realised I have too many problems 
I made a really big mistake... 
It is free and easy to list on http://ikikiweb.com, try it out,  if there is a problem, drop me a message  Lots of interesting categories
@realworldobject yes, that's part of it (but a separate issue?).  I think issues apply to all media types, i.e. beware rel. on conneg 
i have the hiccups... boo 
I hate the hiccups 
@moby74 There's no problem with the frequency of the other buses. Only the one I'm taking 
@johnny_trouble the accent was full of fail too 
I'm having technical difficulties 
@cbdaly....ya, i def am having trouble w/ this too 
It's late- I'm exhausted... But having trouble sleeping because I have a major build up of phlegm 
this whole situation has got me stressed, anxious, &amp; not feeling well. ugh 
There seems to be a problem with my 3rd ear piercing, it is strange...... 
Having problems with graphic card 
I hate not sleeping b/c all i do is think &amp; ovverthink every situation possible...ugh it's annoying 
is such a mess without you  http://plurk.com/p/rq1vh
having dental issues 
@abbsaronius It's really restrictive, that challenge. Like extremely. 
@comcastBonnie looks like my cable modem is having the same issue again. 
got the hiccups 
your biggest mistake 
simply impossible to hack around this issue 
@prateekgupta the link not opening  dunno the issue .. is it the sterilization issue?
@nawid i see... ca  you describe this issue? We can`t find this trouble yet 
@JasonBradbury - you think you got problems, now being dragged off to B&amp;Q 
@lauzmur i know, i hate the situation i'm in too  it's so hard to choose, i'm thinking gk though
@bramzo they say it was a problem with the fuel hose ... not much they can do about it I guess ... Sucks for them though 
@iceicebabyice yo I have been not following you by mistake for the LONGEST and I'm still not 
@Manogr so as to avoid 401 issues 
If I concentrate hard, I get tired and have a distractions backlash. If I don't concentrate, I develop a habit of distraction.  #fb
has got the hiccups 
@peteyboosh I would but you told me I have to stop doing that otherwise I'll get in trouble. 
have problems with apache... 
@treeshachan  I think you need an intervention for your sleeping problem.
Having a problem connecting to my office computer.  The slightest weather disruption causes this 
@BeanieBuns if it's too much trouble don't worry really.. i don't want u growling at me.. 
inequalities BORE me. 
I liked the idea of a compositional constraint--140 chars. But why the font colour constraint? Of course its challenging too. 
@Hypergirl22222: I'm cool if you come...but @L33TRice is legal now, so the venue may be a difficulty 
@michellemistake aimee is having the same problems, it won't let her come on the net  
I wish i could read minds, help my friends, and fix every problem 
the situation is going to get worst... we will have to kill each other to finish 
lonely girl who only sighs her problems away. 
trying to put photo on my profile,but have some problems  
@epicpetwars but seriously, I'm waiting for the next challenges/items... 
i have issues with studying. 
hiccups. gah. 
fix you - coldplay 
has hiccups 
SBS website is having problems 
switched to ableton live 8. have some problems with the old files and vst's and so on  working on a track and a bootleg
@thomnowuk nice one! i had to get rid of windows 7 though, had compatibility problems with it 
wishes twitter would fix the uploading image problem soon 
Hasn't solved his network troubles. 
the problem with wireless mice is that you can lose them 
i have the stupid hiccups again 
hiccups suck 
Finally, i found out that it's the problem of jrails which set the accept header for each request,   Now i manage that myself.
@radiojen I speak Chinese and read enough to get by. The problem was having 3 schools in the area and the driver didn't know the dif. 
is a mess....again 
@hollingsworth ooh that's no good... I had no problems, so don't know what was going on with it... 
@mintty_cygwin the problem is i cant get it from here, they block users from syria 
@pevansgreenwood The problem is that _those_ cyclists don't want respect, and the law abiding ones like us (well me anyway) get a bad rep 
we have a new server, many problems are coming up 
showertime dizzy issues. no sixthform for me. 
i don't like having ear troubles 
freak!!! x10hosting again has a problem and i am having trouble migrating my blog to dream host! 
It had my weakness written all over it. 
@taylorswift13 I can't get your tweets  What's the big problem here? Is it twitter or is it me?
i really wish my landlord would call me back. the water spraying down from my ceiling is sort-of a problem. 
i hate errors that i can't solve 
got in trouble ... 
@SouadFaress Speaking as a single disabled person with memory problems - very slowly and with great difficulty  I hate the things!!
more google problems !!! 
@tombeal I found an even simpler solution was to accidentally delete all my music, solved that problem real quick, added another though 
bellsouth.net seems to be losing its mind frequently this morning - dns problems, connection issues, etc. 
I'm having trouble sleeping too    so frustrating!
@sparkyourheels hopefully that will sort out all your issues, shame you have to wait so long though 
I should be going I might be late  I always get told off for lateness!
network problems irritating, going to bed early 
@JanetcBaby problem is all the desktop here either don have floppy or full of dust n rusty .. none can read or format .. 
Current gripe: never being full 
muttering about mutter issues and file conflicts 
Under dilemma right now 
some problem with tweet deck here...it says unable to connect to twitter 
i have done something awful to my neck. it hurts to move  wahh wahh, me &amp; my little problems.
Affenbengel has problems with his concentration these days 
@MsrnbJazz having troubles with the default again eh? 
noooooooo movie6.net is being shut down due to 'legal issues'. 
@bugsandfishes the problem for me, and you, is keeping it dry, I used to use brown paper, but I had the fear of something getting soaked 
@Lilliannna I hope you can fall asleep soon. I'm sorry to hear that your still having trouble 
@sunbug also the problem is the thickness of the packets, I'm trying to cut down on postage costs as well 
But the problem is, I'm an original fic writer, and it's hard to be noticed in that field. 
@tamih    ... i will take that as a challenge #sadrakeshaker09
do you have problems with !kde 4.2.3 and Radeons? after upgrade my X consumes over 50% in state of idle 
I'm having major breathing issues 
damn comp. messes everything up 
@BIGKOAonHOT939 no worries. We missed u tho! 
Going to bed...having trouble sleeping 
not so grumpy anymore but still having trouble finding a grad hairstyle  decisions, decisions
credit card problems + internet outages = miserable day 
realized that I am apparently a mistake 
You know you're getting old when hiccups are actually painful. 
Uhoh, laptop problem: I re-attached and closed the battery/hard drive cover, and now there's a gap and a bulge, but it closes completely. 
Is having trouble sleeping!!! 
back to work.. with no distractions.. 
im back to this z-index problem...again 
@blue_cupcakes  sometimes plugging it into 240 can fix problems..
@theguigirl I'm afraid not much  I just realized the true difficulty of this design. I may cry soon. #idmfinal
My new car is already giving me problems  That cant be a good sign.
@SheGotItSheBadd i've been up most of what normal ppl consider the night.  no problem going to sleep but nightmares been waking me up. 
I hate hiccups 
I swear, now my dog is having anxiety issues.  
She didn't make the challenge 
sometimes i got tired dealing with my own dilemmas.. 
My aim is not working due to network problems 
@bhufford: I've got a fairly flat route available... the problem is I no longer have a fully functional bike to ride 
@lyricals don't care about my struggles.. 
Tiggerk is still having upset tummy issues  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6823131
@MajorSpoilers majorspoilers.com has problems - cannot get the site working 
@dealseekingmom No problems here 
I'm so down again.  I wish I could share my problems with someone...
ooo my goddddd; vodafone trouble. no network  
@Littleradge  I'm not even in your situation and now I'm sad. I'm sorry, that's really sucky.
@leprakhauns trying to have a baby, don't want my soda addiction to be a problem, so i quit  still sad and craving it though
Still @ hospital, unexpected complications 
i never though i'd be in this situation. i don't like it. at all. 
I woke up and my hiccups came back! 
hiccups 
I'm nervous... I hope I get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption... 
@xadrian I see! I just thought maybe the tech  problems were dragging you down. I wanted to participate but have a to-do list a mile long 
@bettymaccrocker well shoot.. i don't know! lol i'm having problems just coming up with crap for my story... 
I feel like such a nuisance.  Not depressed. Just, I dunno, down.
@MarkSteez hiccups suck  what if you had em forever? I always worry I won't stop hiccuping lol
@kitsunethoughts not recently  semester distractions, and the usual opponent now has constant knee issues.
@eadvocate I checked all my divs - I thought it might be a problem of the div not working out but everything seems to fit 
@DearYvette I did. What a terrible mistake. 
trouble in paradise 
muthafk'r I have the hiccups 
Morning issues  http://twitpic.com/68mzy
Drunk hiccups WTF 
#myweakness the only weakness I had I dumped 
I have hiccups 
Up is having technical difficulties!!!  #pixar #up  http://twitpic.com/68rxg
@NeshasAgenda I need a unlock one that's the only problem I'm a t-moblie user 
@juliiemacc i thought i was ur weakness  lol
@jannapha  I just wanted it to be clear and no confusion.
@blkrichyrich lol awwww  issues?
had to leave #geekcamp to deal with a billing engine issue 
trouble with tweetdeck 
@xoxoHelenHilton good good, i got the hiccups. 
more difficulties with the single  there must be someone who can help me
@houseofnightfan Not breathing issues aren't gewd 
#myweakness  Why would I tell you my weakness...You'll use it against me   lol
This change in weather is causing Emily to have bad asthma problems 
Stopping myself from crying cause I had too much problems and I miss mommy and daddy! 
@flooberz yes... I know these problems well.... 
@orlandoxo sorry  , you think landscape architects run into the same problem ;-)
@intencitiess it does work, and I've done it before....but after you can't update your software, and it creates a lot of problems. 
oooops..picnik.com is having problems  the photo is waiting..!
@laylahlynn i was supposed to work at jitters i wouldve seen you! 
@jscrinc she didnt mess up 
@Mzceejay09 i read in the support section that it's a known problem and they &quot;are working on it&quot; 
is having problems logging into facebook 
damn, i've got the hiccups 
@azizijones NOoOoo, bring the controversy back, 
is in need of a mac/final cut nerd to help me fix my problem  none of the forums have answers and I'm at a serious loss.
@lunaraven13 is that link good -- I had some problems accessing your blog   
@mimiandcolette there is a problem never gave me any specifics. i am worried since i need it for my shop soon. 
is having a financial crisis. 
@galleysmith I keep having problems too 
Still having trouble sleeping  unsure about where to go from here?
@spookygirl every1 is having issues. It's slow  #mmwanted
I'll be crazy if the situation like this 
@JeanClaude_ hopefully, they'll fix the issues they're having soon 
@twitter I think you need to have another downtime to get this fixed like.... right now. We're still having problems. 
@MaximRouiller problem is that most exciting features was not shown: relative assertions, events testing and snippets 
@drimbz i hope you didn't get in trouble! 
Is having problems sleeping 
having trouble sleeping again 
As much as I'm such a chatty talkative little monkey, I'm having problems in expressing some feelings so I'm sorry for being such a klutz 
having a neighbourhood dispute 
finished his essay an hour ago and now working on some calculus problems 
is trying to find a solution to this current situation. 
I have sleeping problems 
Problems every where 
i admitt somethings i say are wrong and i'm sorry and all but not know hardships?now who can i tell my problems to now!? 
@shiraabel It says they're having database issues  I wanted to vote for you. Pls let me know when it's fixed so I can vote 
@luciax  So is murdering someone. Yet again it won't solve my problems 
@kazoojones @pink_chick If it rains, we are going to have stupid tire issues again. 
Still have problems with my backgroud 
@dialsoap hahaha I will NEVER have that problem, even in heels 
How should I approach my hiccup problem? Anyone who's around me all the time knows I have one tiny hiccup maybe every 30min to 2hrs. 
urgh old mistakes haunts me back 
@JacqulineAnn maybe we are going to get some food.  I have problems with my twitter right now 
i'm in trouble? 
has found a new distraction from revising 
I don't know why it did that I am so sorry for any problems or dissapointment it may have caused 
Having difficulty breathing, didn't get too much sleep because of it.  very tired!
my recently replaced iphone has behavioral problems - i want my old one back 
It's so hard to resist the temptation to shop. I don't like saving... too much of a challenge 
having trouble removing old programs from laptop to free up memory 
woohoooo finally done this awful crystallography problem sheet!  taken me all afternoon 
@Pandabeara The issue definitely has it's pros and cons.  Lately I'm feeling like the cons outweigh the pros though.  
is having problems uploading a picture. 
@mashmashka i have same problems 
Having some serious contact problems today 
I'm having trust issues 
@djsampson : No, where?  I may have conflict though 
I have hiccups.  I can't remember the last time I had hiccups. sucks.
Having trouble uploading new profile pic ..... working on it  
@MandyPandy32 having same problem can't seem to change pic at all 
@DerrenLitten Sooorrrryyyyyy, I was joking.  We are experiencing technical problems   We DO believe you 
@Montelimart63 i'm having serious issues with imovie! 
@ShawnaLeneeXXX I am very sad that I was not able to go to one of your shows, but my parents are having major health problems &amp; need me. 
i have 99 math problems to do  http://tinyurl.com/mrp9lc
@kinger13 Shouldn't be difficult.  I wonder what the glitch is 
no thyroidal problems. i have to see a neurologist, as apparently i'm twitchy  
@LoBosworth tonight on mtv when the hills was on the sound had so many problems I was pissed I missed so much that was said 
server issues 
yet to get my Italian fix yet 
dilemma starts again... sad, empty and confused... 
trying to move my head between pottering-about mode and back-to-work mode. we have a problem...(and opening e-mail hasn't just helped) 
Whatever I have to say never matters. 
damn it, seems it may be a problem with drupal, data type conversions and postgresql 8.3 
is having trouble sleeping 
@ryohakkai are you sure you really made a mistake? 
I can't seem to find enough distractions to use as procrastinators 
@jonveal and then there's the whole 'i've got two screens so i'll launch on neither' problem 
@littomoo im in the same situation... 
@artusof its a pain. There is a known issue as its happening for all source parameters 
why am i having problems from this area of life 
open issues in the design are getting wider 
... not that I mind, but it hints that I might have trouble with the TLPD if I'm ever lucky enough to see him 
Ugh lirr delays 
Having trouble setting up the profile. 
@Petiethecat I didn't notice any problems, but I removed access to it just in case. It looked like fun, too bad it's not. 
@dboixel said somethin bout it havin electrical problems before it went off radar.  I'm sure it crashed in the ocean as well 
@GuardianOfRlyeh And I'm sorry you're having troubles 
@JanelleIraMae really? aliens? 0_0  well, it's really a scary situation to be in. 
Having technical difficulties 
@lizzielou are u having problems w/ page loading? I am 
@TheMightyFoz I'm sorry you got troubles with that pic-. 
@TNEMC I just don't get the issue... is it soy-beans only or a bean-wide problem? 'Cause I love all beans 
I hate word problems!!! 
chapter 27 - upper respiratory problems 
sleepy... and missing my weakness 
living a hard situation  so sad
I want my situation to be SOLVED already 
i am making so many typing errors. ugh, and i'm also typing slow 
Why so many site issues? 
@rjun I feel you on that dilemma I didn't go to class 
@DarkUSS I'm having lots of problems 
@AnissaVip I put my video together but I have some problems with saving  But I will fix them. How r u sweetie?
ive got the hiccups!! its hurting 
@madhousewife I don't know, the issue makes me more sad than angry 
Trying to crammmm! Not working because all I can think about is the situation 
@roncallari The only problem I saw with the polls is that I needed more than one option for which shows I'm going to. 
i hope i didnt make a mistake!! 
 I want to do homework but  I haven't recieved the email saying which problems to do!
@levarburton how did u quit? any suggestions? I am having trouble quitting 
problems keep persisting for this film project, but we're trudging on...back to work tomorrow 
@LaurNicks  the problem isn't getting it shipped. it's that the billing address of the credit card has to be american 
@mrrockabilly me too, I would ace it and then all my problems would be solved. 
I fucking hate anger problems. 
@marsacademy I didnt know there were problems before I did it 
@ andreaschoice lol, i see now. sorry about your laptop problems 
@andreaschoice lol, i see now. sorry about your laptop problems 
I has hiccups 
My mother needs to be less pessemistic sometimes. All she sees are the potential problems 
@1vs100XboxLive One major glitch/problem is Not everyone can hear the host commentary 
it seems like trouble always finds me.  WHYYY
@hcasterline Immigration problems? 
trying to compile C code and running into dependency issues 
Apparently I'm a dissapointment and a big burden 
@chelray it won't let me change my background  they must be have twitter technical difficulties. I still haven't studied for anything haha
as expected... errors 
@EssinEm sounds like a dilema 
in a state of confusion 
again...solving my project fields problem...sigh.. 
at baguio and is dealing with academic problems. 
@trvsbrkr I cant download the mixtape, is there a problem with the servers again? 
I'm not equipped for these pressures  sigh 
need some #blackberry maintenance help - woke up and my track ball goes up, left and right. see the problem here? 
suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem... just a pity some people don't see that 
struggles on my own 
@xtranormal are you guys having problems today? I keep getting 504 error messages trying to get to the site 
I have some problems with flash as 2.0 who can help me? 
bronw out - rain is causing problems  - might go off line soon
horrible hiccups!  making it so difficult to put makeup on!
@teammartin @Troyzee I knew you guys would probably be busy. #sadface to martin (i understand the uni issues... 
Dispairing at bandwidth and connectivity issues 
I promise you I will learn from my mistakes 
@jonbho yeah, that's a complicated problem (when multiple components want to play along) 
@Mercuralis Aww, I hate that too - sometimes I'll find out an artist has a big attitude problem and it's such a turn off  
selling on ebay is not worth the trouble sometimes 
woe is me, not at #E3 
I just talked to my prof. and she says that she wants to have a conversation with me about my write up...I'm still having problems! 
firefox still with problems 
@allyctastrophy Of course I'm using a pick, the problem is the chord I'm playing requires me to use my thumb 
so besides the fact that this laptop crashes often, it also seems to have a problem overheating instead of sleeping 
i'd sleep now. but i got a mess a mess to clean up. 
@COACHPARSELLS it did b4. x'd out by mistake and now it wont  
hiccups aren't fun... 
@photar Normally I don't have any problems -- same route, same time I normally go. I don't know what the issue was. 
@catawu no  I didn't mean to cause this much trouble. I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Morning! I'll try to clean up the mess in my atelier first - who made it this messy? 
@MikeTheTech Not a good situation... 
Total mistake, and not ready for it 
@dropbox maintenance downtime issues 
What a mess  ... not happy!
.........................There may be trouble ahead 
@jordiserra crisis a secas 
@lambskies 40 pages to go, me too!  I'm still having problems with my storyline though... 
have alot of problems and hve no bbf to share with!!! 
solve one problem .. feel exhilaration.. stumble across another problem  (currently stuck with star p installation on linux machines)
is having trouble studying and needs some motivation 
@relativesanity a default 'rails myapp' over ssh works fine, so problem is likely mine but not got any useful debug info 
@twilightfairy @sanjukta cant join tweetknot. Some problem 
*NOT care about world conflict, etc (social issues, inequalities, and other problems) why oh why do I have to care soo much? 
I'm going to cry! ShojoBeat is putting out it's last issue 
depressing water problem n irritating heat out here 
Hey tweeters, sorry I have been gone, I have had some health/incident issues. I have been in and out, trying to get back on track. 
@toyboxstudio I'm not a difficult issue 
argh, slow internet problems. 
aw man why is tigerairways' site having  problems! NOT NOW 
I hate these bad situations 
the staples guy is back  darn computer problems
i think i may be in trouble... 
Siteground seems to be having a few problems lately 
This isn't fair...I hate the situation we're in. 
@TerrenceJ106 mann its worse then any drug and the problem is theres no cure and no rehab  we r screwed
I've got a serious problem. All bubble wrap beware! Once I see it I got to pop it, its like my goal in life I swear. I can't stop 
ugh, I have hiccups so bad it hurts  I hate them.
Whats worse than having hiccups? Having hiccups while trying to eat! 
@jeffjose thank you. will check it out. another problem is that the records as not consistent because i was a lazy bum. 
@AlanHChin yup, and i am hvaing problem differentiating the spam from the non spams..  must find another way to communcate in private
Huge depressing fighting problems... 
Suffering from breathing problems and really bad hay fever 
@talksquid Whats the issue? 
Is having technical difficulties 
having some serious blogtv issues trying to watch @liamrichardsx 
right I am off to bed going to spend some More money on trying to sort out my PC problems 
@kt_73 i feel worse  x but thanks for your concern about me xxx
has problems she can't talk about right now, but she wishes she could 
@knapneder just some stupid trouble at university because a mentor made a mistake 
i want my hiccups to go away! 
I hate hiccups 
ill give topfollow another chance had issues with them b4 tho 
@stepherlou no worries. But why not 
@WTHRcom that user doesn't exist... or twitter is having issues 
@JayElectronica i sooooooo wish sighs...babysitter issues. so depressing! 
was made a big mistake  http://plurk.com/p/yqjp3
@iFernando wahay! fast forward has problems on my copy! 
@mparent77772 i think it's more an issue of bad programming than 'rules' ... they are in bad need of a more stable operating environment 
@NewMacUser holy crap. that sucks. car problems are so expensive. so sorry 
What I miss y'all lol....clearly no trouble to get into 
i have the hiccups  it is so unpleasant.
@GinZone Ugh, I have the same problem! Nothing but trouble, I've been trying to find ways of getting out of contract early, no luck 
@thefreezepop Awww noes! I have hiccoughs  And it is depressing me further 
@cheapwebmonkey Yes, that's a problem of an ouroborosian nature. 
Still having trouble getting my icon to upload 
@WildPaw mollie just got into trouble. I shouldn't have bragged so. 
Any1 else having trouble w/twitterfon? 
gahhh hiccups 
I think twitter is haaving problems 
@passionate4pens true, true. my problem was that i thought of a joke just when he said pens down!! nurr 
still up..lying in the dark doesn't help. I'm running out of solutions to my problems.. can anyone help me? 
no running - IT band problems 
@kimiboy Its a mess in 17''  .
@suchi007 hey suchi... didn't happen... there were some problems in the area so we decided against it!... 
I apologize to you, and the problems that occur because of me 
@jeorgina Can relate to that.  It's raining and I've just sifted through the coding problems. *phew*
so bored i have the hiccups 
Car problem and stuck  waiting for help to come
fixing net acc. problems 
I never thought the mess would go away while I slept, I just didn't expect it to look even worse when I woke up! 
i get awkward in social situations mutha fucka... 
Oh what a muddy mess. 
Never has being a small ever lead to more problems 
When I have a packed schedule I have on problem entertaining myself with procrastination but when I have nothing to do I get bored fast 
i have hiccups 
@AndrewDearling  I would if i could.. living up north does cause problems though! haha. xo
#hiccup cures help!!!  *hiccup*
i have the hiccups 
The situation remains unresolved, however 
@Hipchick999 soup done right can be quite good - problem is that often it's not done right. 
Still having some cable issues. Not all of the channels are working and some that are don't have sound. 
@Cjoracer22 I am so sorry you are having so many problems 
@michellewes &quot;woman problems&quot;  
is having router problems. 
Having trouble getting @tweed to let me log in.  
I'm sorry if i was super worried, concern and cared so much. I didn't know you left your fone, I know its my fault. 
has hiccups.  http://plurk.com/p/yycc8
i'm confused.  I thought being worried  and concern and all is a goodthing.
@echolot no, sadly not.  although i could do with the distraction.
@irgxana Is a tragic situation, to be sure 
I have the hiccups... wtf? 
confused 2 why there are so many trust issues in a relationship! 
@frizco i cant  im trouble, again LOL
@darnielle I'm so sorry about your hard drive   I don't know what I'd do in your situation.
Ugh, all of this instability is confusing ntpd too. 
@KatrinaBTW I hate miscommunications too. I hope they don't happen to often for you. No one on here I hope 
@martinichellie She is stilll having shedding probs which worries me. I feel all like the bad adopter. 
Problems... Those will never be possible to forget. 
G'night, Worrrldd! i love you all ! (: Sleeep the problems away, i hopee 
i want a re-do   it matters.
@tomlazar: remove the possibility to vote anonymously and e-voting wil work, but some other critical problems may rise 
i'm sad....problems with my girlfriend....  
not purposely awake and trying not to make mistakes  ~Shizukani~
@codezeeosex poor u   i hope u did not sleep during the work , cause that might be a big problem &gt;.&lt; i said maybe :p
i need to quit smoking but i can only do it if i quit drinking. The problem wiv this is i suddenly realised all i do is work and drink 
i am out of jump rings AND 20 gauge wire....this is a problem 
@cathijayne sowwy  ... haha yayyy. I don't like being in trouble!
what a snafu! 
@darthvader should have been wookiees.  oh the woes of blatant marketing!
@LaLaCrashTragic i thought you said 1000 dollars. haha i was like O.o   i have problems reading 
Going to vacuum, dust and edit while I mull over a plot problem 
booo our server is having performance issues.. 
I have hiccups ! 
turns out not eating is the symptom, the bowell stricture is the problem. we're seeing about that tomorrow. probably another surgery 
Now we have a mechanical issue. 
had another accident with the knife. I forsee continuity problems. We'll have to incorporate the loss of limbs into the script.  Owey.
@kinagrannis gah, i hate turbulence 
@ThisisDavina The problem this year with bb is the credit crunch they have to cut costs eg ad rev.  about 2 hours ago from web
me back in bkn....problems all around..trying to figure out wht needs to b done 
@3vn  i will direct message it to you. And facebook was giving me a ton of problems.
@aicnanime  I'm getting frustrated with the pirate situation too.
hey mel! nice to cya here im having problems gettin started on twitter as well 
@Upstatemomof3 how do you like your server that you are using?  I am having tons of problems with mine 
I'm mad at you. @mileycyrus  .. If it doesn't work out the first time, don't go back to it. Honestly. It'll make problems worse.
@hmazzaglia haha I would love to, but now I'm just too scared to get in trouble and it suckssss 
@Hadramie unresolved problems.. 
perharps if i just ignore the situation it wil go away...i hope it will 
@kalelbogdanove gave me the hiccups. What a jerkface 
@kangofklown The fat that the child is even present is a problem no matter what the age. Yikes 
I have hiccups. 
Mondaymorning startup problems. Getting Guestlan access can be difficult when the access codes aren't updated yet 
I need to connor haha, i'll get in trouble if i dont 
I am cleaning my room  why here  the mess is always ?? hm i am the mess one big mess i think ;p
i have some problems because of boy...  
@marisadeh I know. Isn't that a hassle? 
I've been in infected by a trojan worm  It says its need for speed undercover but its been on my pc for months and never any problems hmm
having nursery issues 
i have the hiccups 
@MarkStokes Thanks for the reply, I'll give it a go. Just found myself running a site without any training &amp; hitting a few problems 
.@speedmouse I have the same bloodsugar issues I always have   I feel like I'm running through cement and I am sitting down!
There may be trouble ahead I fear, 
@ButterbeanUK sorry to hear about your issues mate 
@craigsheppard If it makes you feel any better I'm having issues with the touchscreen on my N810... dropping it not advised 
@handfashioned I have the same problem when it rains.  It makes me wish for a good lighting setup for product shots!
I'm soo feeling someone beginning with an 'R' he just gets me, what to do about it is the problem 
Biggest problem is that I don't trust my laptop there, so I won't be able to play with the characters or stories on breaks. 
@jayther we aaaallll made that mistake 
@glyn_e problem is much worse, I never receive any feedback for one month. Just ignored.... 
my hiccups are back 
I can't program without a working autospec. When failures it keeps on testing, when no failures it doesn't detect changes  #ubuntu #ruby
iv got the hiccups 
 teniendo issues con el tweetdeck
@hdconnelly Wow, that really sucks.  I count myself so lucky I've not had any of those issues... yet.
@_kristen me too! unforch i'm also having realplayer issues 
@EuanDewar Is that a threat? 
I have the hiccups 
These hiccups hurt. 
annoyed that projects always seem to run into unforeseen, stupid problems that make me look incompetent. i'd like to not suck. 
my tweetdeck seems to be having issues 
@savvasmalamas I love politics, mate. Only problem is that I am feeling I belong in a very small minority... 
is having extreme difficulty grasping these concepts 
Oh no. I have the hiccups. 
#iremember when i din't have the hiccups... make it go away! 
will i ever learn from my mistake? 
@MelanieNugent More money, more problems. Ugh, sometimes I just don't understand it 
@twitter are you guys having db replication issues again? having trouble making a follow stick... 
I swear. I am always in the most awkward of situations 
@GabrielaElena i'm tweeting as i think of them. I'm having trouble remembering some good old quotes 
I kinda wish i had charlie's power right now cos then id have no problem remembering all this driver stuff 
@mistercel ughhh idkkk problems 
@ChuckNut #tinker 's search results are delayed.  #tweetizen is still having trouble.
I hate hearing about financial problems from my mom. As long as we have enough to basically survive, it's not worth stressing about. 
Stomach issues 
@cassiegirl07 i know  have been having some serious breakout issues...ill be back soon enough
#nambu still has scrolling issues  #bug
I have hiccups 
@demios101 I hope it's a delicious ... no i can't say it or I'll get in trouble 
having major problems with health recently blood pressure is 160/100 havent eaten much food and thrown up randomly 
@podcacher @darrylw4 by the looks of the gc.com forum there are others with a similar problem 
i dont know what to call what im feeling... i guess its confusion 
@GADBaby1 it's starting to die down  #clothdiapers finally when I have no distractions.
Has the hiccups 
@mneylon no, too many conflicts. 
Serious problems trying to get on facebook  really sucks!
I'm in big trouble, if i fail 3 subjects i will stay down! i already failed 2!!!! 
gotz shin problems  lol
My kindle is having screen problems what a bummer 
Having some sort of problem with Twitterfic, missing out on all the tweets! 
@SongzYuuup im havin trouble with it 
Ugh! I had to get a stupid mouthpiece for my jaw problems.  I can't even talk and sound right with it in... 
It never seizes to amaze me how many financial problems i get myself into 
I am trying to fix the problems that others have created  in the coding that is 
Again sorry for the delays - in the meantime you should check out http://tv.praiseforwallflower.com until we fix this terrible mess.  
But I want spikes.  But I don't. *sigh* dilemma
depressing situation 
@AkiyaMio got no more cases  I'm not sure about your geography problem though... the best idea would be to send it to your home :\
is in a dilemma.  but the music is good. lol.
 downloaded one movie yesterday and having some problem with that ,  i thnk i deserve that...
Dissatisfaction is key to my failure! 
@mzfreakycupkake tru I've been in that situation b4 
domain controller is screwed up. no idea what's wrong. had a very productive morning debugging infrastructure problems 
So I installed ubuntu and it all looked rather lovely. Then it turns out the PC has an overheating problem  sad now.
hiccups wont go away  ....#squarespace
waiting for technical difficulties to be fixed 
I am once again in a stupid situation 
Problems and fears 
@psyriac I reached that conclusion myself. Only problem is itouch is a little too expensive 
have you ever made a really big mistake? 
@macNC40 I'm sorry that their issues have to affect you, hun. 
hiccups 
So damned scared of the future...I can't tell you what I'm going to do next... Problems &amp; problems &amp; problems... 
I don't know why I volunteered to drive.  That was stupid of me. I'm supposed to avoid high stress situations.
@evargas  this same issue had happen to me... 
i have the hiccups 
Just go+ in trouble 
@UmAlawi I can see why you are having difficulties 
problems while vacation arrrgghhhh @kathysyahrizal @ichawel i really need u guys around me 
have to get my haid done soon... such a mess 
is suffering from sinus problems 
is having another spot crisis 
@Lynni87 I hope you fix it and the mistake isn't as big as you thought it was. 
sorting out me itunes, i hate having gaps  x
@feyloki aww I'm sorry. Y does it seem like everyone is having relationship problems this week 
@samuelrutldge @chiaslut The real problem for me is that I need a way to manage multiple accounts. DestroyTwitter won't work for that. 
haihhhhhhh..i'm in dilemma of choosing which ONE?!!!! huuuuu 
@jakemonO unfortunately keyboard layouts is not a java problem 
i have hiccups!  horrible.
as if i dont have enough health problems 
@shadowcall lol.. problem is, neither one of us is &quot;giggly&quot; today.  We're both grouchy grumps.
is having women trouble again  damnnit!
pc needs to get fixed  thank goodness its minor problem ;)
i hate losing...woe is me... 
I have the hiccups 
@ARKATECHBEATZ lol me 2 I have no problems with ubertwitter !! Twitterberry f'kd my blackberry up 
Facing tons of problem in resizing images... 
@supernurple Its the queen :o.   I had problems voting earlier.
I hate finding myself in boring predicaments 
requested providers tab implemented in BrightLogix..with some issues 
@Eververse lost my job at delta due to...well...license problems.... 
Testing, testing  (twitter problems)   
hiccups  or hiccoughs. whatever you prefer. they suck (mine are really loud and sound like i am belching every 4 seconds)
@ladyleo_elyse it's true!  It was a big mess.  
@HomelessRights Awwww that's so sweet!  I'd love to hear more about it - did you face challenges with immigration/marriage? I'm worried 
Deeply worried about my parents health problems I have just found out about 
My frustration comes from the fact that well, I'm NOT a depression expert. I'm an environmental politics and policy specialist 
Ive been clean for over 4 months, that deserves some recognition, BUT no my mother can't do that, she has 2 cause problems instead 
Just doesnt know what to do about this situation 
@kellerfly sorry to hear you are in an impossible situation.  Those are never pleasant.  
@sfinn33 LOL I feel you, but now smoking is giving me problems haha. 
I could not record the program ...... personal problems you know sorry friends love 
step 4(?):keep promises and commitments...i've been having trouble with this one 
@iwantblood haha. i dont like dilema! i wish i could solve my dilema which would solve your dilema and we could all be happy 
@SadieAsks yes....i think i am having twitter problems 
Is in a situation that I don't really want to be in. 
@lifeinthekey too many errors 
@aulia - We so have cultural problems. 
@akuneko Why?!?!?! You went through all that trouble to dye it. 
@froggyfibers I'm having trouble finding more detail than that  
Yeayeah paying for my dental problem. Not good 
@unmarketing So you are doing double opt-in there?  I just signed up, but the buffering was having problems.  Couldn't hear you again. 
@mikelove09 I wish.. I have problems sleeping nowadays so I should be hopping on that benedryl for my allergies... but I don't have any 
is in very bad financial situation . . . !!! 
@tabithajames nope.    no worries.
sorting through some legal issues 
@jchristenbury It would be great if they would just fix the dual monitor issues I started having with .25 
Yay, shoes. Not yay, dilemma.  Why can't I make up my mind? @GetSauced why don't you want guitar?
@oliviamunn looking good ;) shame it won't be in the australian issue 
@angelpoisonx all that matters is that you may get to see them again... I may never see mine 
... going through the most tragic heartbreak right now. that is the true issue.  so tragic. 
hiccups won't go away 
And I thought my problems were bad.  I feel soooooo bad for him, he doesn't deserve this.
jeez , shuttle launch scrubbed again!! same leaking problem!! 
@chriscardell I didn't back any  problems with the builder.will listen to his tips for today shortly, they are on hills radio prerecorded
@lissyvz Not just an American thing, lots of bipolar ppl have problems separating themselves from their illness or actions while ill 
@eolai Definitely not normal. Sounds like you have sinus problems. 
@mortade aww, i have many problems,. 
@jamieobviously I'm having a problem with iphone tweetdeck - keeps going off 
@JemaKnight i am not  i was just agreeing with you on the new twitterfox annoyances 
I'm having trouble sleeping. 
Having troubles getting into my google apps account.  It's asking for my user/pass but I haven't set it up yet. 
@RaoulSchwenke urgh, I got the same issue 
@bradiewebbstack are you able to call me back? i was in the doctors with diabetes problems  dont worry if you cant though
How come I have such difficulty sleeping 
@kstar10 due to scheduling problems, i may not be going either 
@highlyinspired i've encountered l'ora of problems with this feature due to lacks in docs... In fact i'm using private api 
@plasmaegg @shaskins and I have both got the crashes and groups problems... 
I hate delays 
@bunnydrumming what's the situation with 3.0 why is it not there 
Wow, are you guys having some issues with e-junkie login? can't login 
another scrub on the shuttle launch... same leak problem 
@laurapembroke this worries meeee 
up early by mistake! i coulda been sleeping mehh 
@gjtaylor I've had same problem. Councils and supposed aid orgs won't take them. We end up hoarding all our old components in basement 
@asktheboater   Similar problems with tweetdeck on my desktop - certain users I AM following, don't appear in list, so I can't add groups 
@iandelaney just done that, still getting the error   thanks for trying.
@fridgebuzz I agree with you: the problem is that ppl didn't want to let their computers on. 
having trouble with follow/unfollow yet again. 
@fotofacade should do once i sort out my pc, having graphics driver problems 
@davidbgk That image is like a usability study problem. How many issues can you find in this single image? 
Not only am I sunburned, I think I have an ear infection   I am a hot mess...owwwieee.
Oh dear i look such a mess, 
@sevinnyne6126 I'm in almost the same situation. 
Getting my update and it will not finish and i can't finish cause my network keeps timing out  anyone else having this problem?
Has pent up fusstration......and a shortage 
is having major connection problems 
@saurabhnow hit the same problem with activation server not available 
i have the hiccups...i never get the hiccups 
@ashleecloud You hotdog! That's no fair! I want the new one  But I'm super pumped to even have the one that I have, so no complaints.
@bengillam women troubles!  what else 
@DrJeffersnBoggs Seems the problem(s) are with twaccounts w/ more than 10K followers only  Pls let me know once the bug is confirmed.
@sofiesunshine cut it short! friend problems! ill tell you on msn! its too long on here!  x
is watching family guyyyy and hoping all her problems go away  love stinks 
@rankfish i still questioning myself the sam, it'd end up all my problems 
And theeeeeeres the turbulence 
@rosetreats I'm havin difficulty downloadin new apps 
@mickeycomedy that mess is so upsetting 
@gunpla trying to get mine but there seems to be a problem connecting. Servers must be hammered like mad now. 
Apparently merging mutated versions of the same codebase is a non-trivial problem 
@grotophorst I have the same issues with channels 7 &amp; 9. Getting a new antenna installed tomorrow. $$$ = 
Having Problems with editing 
@sparklingrobots I have this problem.  I can go to your cautionary tale about postcards, or I can go to game night.  
i have the hiccups. 
99 problems but a chick ain't one...(I just got in trouble for that tweet) 
@lyricsoul no kiddin', problem is, they own nearly *all* of the credit card's out there now.  . . they wanted power, they sure got it.
I am seriously having troubles breathing... I hope I'm not getting bronchitis again. 
But @AgentBooth... if you do this now, there will be repercussions. You sure you wanna go there 
i think eloise has body image issues, whenever i look at her she stops eating and starts running on her wheel 
@lindentreephoto sorry abut the crisis   I hope all is well
installed 3.0 with no problems ... now I better get my 3G S soon 
I'm really starting to dislike my blog.  It needs a new theme - problem is, I don't have time to do it 
@the_mac_daddy I have the same problem 
@rmazar Ugh - I've been meaning to do this too, but maybe I'll wait and hear if you've resolved the issue before going ahead.  
@jobrofan21 oh no!! we're soooo sorry about that!!! our host is having major problems which has been messing up our site   as soon as we..
i hate making decisions in situation like this. konfewsed. 
hiccups 
@shannanigans13 well duh, but the problem is they were all guys  lol
@Ponziniman what!!!?!!? i didn't have any problems. sorry. 
well , im in big trouble now with ***** . what i must do now ?! my mistakes that i cant be honest with ***** 
missed out on the festivies with @riphulq @missunderst00d and @fancyunheard ......i got 99 problems and a guy is one 
missed out on the festivities with @riphulq @MissSunderst00d and @fancyunheard.... i got 99 problems and a guy is one 
@iitsMolly thanks for adding to my confusion. 
hiccups. 
argh - trying to order iPhone, but the website is giving me problems! 
@catdevnull rubbish  is it a noone will give you a mortgage on it issue, or just them
@FraCaMen it seem that talkshoe is still having trouble 
@DawnCoxwell still iphone problems then? Ouch...   hopefully u can sort soon!! X
having crucial trust issues. 
any other HOME'ys having connection issues????? D5027 
@xmeLaniiee had a little mistake 
tummy trouble 
I'm having all sorts of technical problems today 
@kairit problems with the hotel bill 
Problems with my lapt0p - stpid 4c3r protects bi0s, so it is hard to do any teching on it 
Just lost in trouble 
is so stressed I seem to be having trouble breathing - there's working well under pressure and then being totally crushed by it 
Wow!!! What a mess out there!! I canr believe I'm still trying to get to work! 
@clevelandsaplum this pretty much sucks.. i am having the same problems 
@oliviaplague ok, just trying to make light of the situation 
My broadband connection is giving me some problems after the rains  I couldn't connect from last 2 days 
@abbynormally sadly, i will be forced to learn from this mistake as it caused my blender to explode in a charred, smoking mess 
@audaciaray There seems to be a problem with your payment processor.  I tried two different cards and got errors on both.
@knitch he's out now, he had breathing problems, had to call 999, turns out to be severe croup, he's only 11 months   getting better tho x
I have a really sore ankle  woe.
@kFenolio  sorry you're having tweetdeck issues! That stinks!
I like helping ppl with their problems but she is just getting annoying 
@lizcerda aw i know i appreciate it darling  you are definitely a distraction but a good one! i love you very much
ive used titterfox for so long im having trouble switching to tweetdeck 
have the hiccups and i can't get rid of them 
@ireese20 realy huge issue I should have caught 
is having troubles 
@travisjucebox i got in trouble memberrrr? 
@marieiris I can relate I also have a facial disturbance 
@savvybride this is the first trouble I have had. 
Not so happy after the check up... It seems there can be some complications 
@kleinenberg come to seattle! you were supposed to come last july, but you had visa issues, and never re-scheduled 
@originaltyler you should be able to be yourself, haters are the ones with problems. if you take a break you may let them beat you though 
@TomGooden the problem with the 3.0 spotlight search is that (currently), 3rd party apps cannot provide data to it 
I wish fixing the issue was easier than finding the issue 
I need a distraction &amp; I have absolutely nothing to do tonight. Ughhhhh, not cool. 
I need a distraction &amp; I have absolutely nothing to do tonight. Ughhhhh, not cool. 
I got the hiccups. 
@tysonShorts    I have an oral conflict as well.  It hasn't been fulfilled yet either 
@rebeccaquote i just want to be with you in canada homeland of many genius actors. what is the problem 
I'm bored  fix it k?
Finally I could tweet, there's a problem with the wimax modem yesterday 
I've got 99 problems and this bitch IS one. 
i just realized that i have a serious anger problem. who knows the number to a good anger management class? 
i have the hiccups... 
I know I'm a litle slow guys, but I'm having problems w my twitterberry!! 
@JaredWoods There's only one problem (for me). You've disappeared. You've gone from the jolly green giant to casper the friendly ghost. 
@microsoft_cares xbox.com/support is down is the team aware of the problem? 
Having relationship problems... 
Car electrical problem fixed, was just a bad ground. No A/C though.  
@ragnarokangel never worked for me mate  i really want it to .. maybe it has issues connecting behind a network proxy?
@CasualVillian a macbook will solve all those problems. I'm sorry to hear that  its happened to me before succcckssssss
I have some problem in downloading that software. 
@babydollniki Homagawd  I can't deal with mess so my room's always tidy. I'm having a mental breakdown cause I need to vaccuum. T_T
Awww, the final issue was 2006. 
is having trouble sleeping 
@namedotcom I'm having serious problem with you. I've e-mailed support, but after few e-mails I have no response. 
 having trouble sleeping.
my kittycat has the hiccups. 
Blaming my mother for all of my problems seems to work.  
Being a big girl and admitting I have a problem- the only answer may be fasting - a coffee fast 
i have the hiccups again and they hurt 
Ahhh...the root of the problem is that she's so petite...she needs to be much taller to carry the outfits 
No problems with shortturning transit here. They just cancel everything. 
I don't feel good at all, I'm having problems catching my breath 
@tonyblackburn I just tried to listen but there must be a problem with my firefox 
@BodyworksLancPA i'm having the same issue 
@jrincon @AndyBud still have issues  I'll have to contact support - annoying!!!
@KateBecker I only made it through half the mess 
disappointed because not winning Jaimies challenge 
@JasonBradbury how can u write when u have a 3g s to play with, I'm jelous having trouble downloading 3.0 
@sjdvda Holy sh*t! That would drive me nuts... to do that every now &amp; then. I sympathize with your plight. 
still need to clean the mess 
Still got the hiccups 
@coollike When I was on 2.2.1 I had this problem turned out my internal speaker was broke  took it to a O2 shop and they gave me a new one
damn! exams and girl problems... very very stressful, i cant take it anymore 
@KarenMSams working fine for me  sorry your having problems
@LiverpoolMich :/ hows the situation progressing? you may have to unzip rip off the clothing and run. there aren't alot of alternatives! 
@DanAYC 1 thinks that 1 is having problems with the browsers again! 
@jleong I can't help but feel my failure to see a problem is partially the cause.  #apology
@rjorgenson nope and I am having wonky sensitivity issues 
My brain is frying fr0m math problems  *SaMaRiA*
@respectrpattz I totally agree with this, it's so awful...at this rate no director is going to want to work with him with all the trouble 
I have the hiccups &amp; I don't know how to make them go away  It's keeping me from writing. No bueno.
r @igtony the only problem with tagging is that it uses up more of your precious 140 chars. 
unfortunately 'getlibs' didn't solved my issue ... 
I have hiccups 
@Ifightboys Sounds like you are having boy problems..... Thats not good... 
#iconfess.. I have insecurity issues 
@IamDonJuan I keep having viewing issues.  from the vid cutting off to not playing at all. 
I have a cold woe is me 
I'm such a nuisance 
UGH!!! 3weeks of email problems 
I'm having issues! I'll just have to make it do what it do! 
@respectrpattz No worries. Computers can be so difficult  
@newyorkpirate not yet. I have a sidekick, and its having a LOT of problems. I don't like many of their other phones tho 
@mbelsito weird i haven't had either of those 2 issues 
@Forever21_tweet i contacted you guys through the f21 site about a problem a while ago and never got a response 
How can I fix my mistakes????  just tell me. I'll do it.
@ResourcefulMom I had a problem while trying to leave a comment. couldn't see the image verification for some reason.  #theonlinemom
Having terrible phone problems connecting to anything... 
depression is back...hurray for genetic flaws that can't be fix 
@sociaIIyawkward driving thru mountains to get there...may have connection issues 
@WheatysGirl got into trouble from gil for it 
@3shMae sowiee...I think mic had a problem with their internet connection 
Ugh $80 on heels    I have an official problem
I do have health issues afterall 
changes to the website but ran into som technical problems 
i hope my ankle doesn't give me problems tomorrow at the fair. 
i still feel bad for dogging leanne @ the hsm3 movieee! 
f**k. Lately I've been having problems sleeping 
@markleo82 I get more problems after updated it too... 
is a mess 
Just spent an hour re-factoring code to get round a problem which turned out not to be the problem. 
hiccups are no bueno. 
I have the hiccoughs. 
@qronoz d trouble was make me less concern to told 
Having trouble sleeping 
@mileycyrus it's times like this, i wish i could just sit down and talk about problems with you. you would give the best advice ever 
We move around. what a hassle 
thinking of my problems 
@dbostedor3 I am! But technical issues with wifi may prevent live stream! 
@assbach same problem here... 3.0 works fine but no network 
@TalSh It just wouldn't upload, kept coming up with errors 
@blathering i've heard the storm has hardware problems too 
choking on my hiccups... 
Too bad @pamshouseblend had flight issues       #bwb
@DefendingBigD her brother is having more problems. Like seriously bad 
Flying jitters yay!  I don't fly well, at all.  
@stolenrain I did but I am having trouble uploading it 
I have the most obnoxious hiccups right now 
#iphoneupdate my apps aren't loading! what happened???? so much for no trouble. 
@kfreakingimbo  but complications are laaaaame.  
@jencaseysmith If I was working or even getting unemployment I'd be able to manage, you know!? That's what worries me... 
@nausea18 ah but we have yet to establish what. Not necessarily a problem. What do you mean my picture?  That's just my face I'm afraid. 
is having many difficulties  but please be patient
is overcoming hurdles... many more to come  x
@autumnpicklejar And, I have no more suggestions for your hurting muscle problems.  That is sucky.
@thankphil problem is it can't find my location, so it won't let me connect  I've been on 3G but will try wifi
upper airways problem 
Having plenty of woes setting up an AirportExpess. The utility doesn't detect the device 
Confusion, confusion, all around me 
No matter how hard I try, I can't get rid of the queasiness 
Finally!  Have now just voted. Always have problems voting late at night for some reason 
It is impossible to sing if you have the hiccups!! 
@omega2k1 well I just figured out my problem I didn't run it in vista compatible mode. 
@vickmufasa and i need the danger 
@nailah LOL. Rarely hear from you and when I do? A threat!  LOL.
My mom just said I have problems  LOL
@mudhen19 it makes me cry.  the whole situation makes me cry.
@mizz_burque  I saw it.  I cnt move. Literally. I work 4 werner enterprises. They run paperless logs. If I move I get in trouble 
Methinks I did fix my overheating problem. But now my transmission is acting stupid 
Harharhar that's what you think. This situation depresses me 
Having trouble breathing again  it hurts...
@MISSMYA which was good because it was not a good situation at all though i could not really see that right away 
feeling depress due to an overdued issue.. 
is trying to finish paying the bills online...one problem...my bank is updating! 
I'm having trouble fallinG asleeeeep!!!!! I think this bed is lonely 
aww hiccups  hic
@mawbooks I'm still up but don't know for how long.   #bloggiesta has not been as productive as i hoped.  so many distractions.
I got an eating disorder profile following me now? I guess I need to admit I have a problem. I am addicted to pastries. 
@lizzyalexcris yeah  i got in trouble a few months back and apparently I'm still in trouble so I can't go to both 
Some how managed to mess up a fry up breakfast 
@JaniceMalcolm sorry to hear about your problems 
is having trouble getting back to sleep 
hiccups 
has got hiccups 
ah tell me my mistakes friend? this problem really make me sad, oh 
I have hiccoughs 
Has many problems, so bored! 
I'm actually looking forward to doing some laundry, what is wrong with me? yeah, I need some distraction 
@stormink hmm... 15... looks like I have some problems with teal. But I love teal! 
PSIGenix having issues? I can't connect 
@LittleMissDx I used to have that issue 
How do you rest a foot with a pulled muscle in it when you need to walk everywhere??? I have no clue how I did it but it's a big problem! 
I hate uncertainty 
is fixing a production issue. 
so difficult to explain...such a daamn silly situation  don't know what i have to think about it..
I got hiccups again 
Stressed... The mess never ends 
awhh tiff     it'll be okaay ='[     she's cominn' ouut soon! HAha
jus wishing no more unexpected issues before deadline.. 
I have the hiccups soo bad it hurts. 
@catchthesunrays all the problems of their marriage and that they're separating 
#iranelection The situation is not improving 
@choppa19 they dont know yet but they said he had a multitude health problems in the past few months 
having a big problems .... dont know when will she have a surgery  ...
@RodSalgado that's how i feel, but it's all calc problems for me 
@annagovols I'm having problems finding someone that will go with me 
@MiniPaulaDancer  okay. only problem is ill only probably be on before noon. actually i might be on aim after that. if not talk to you..
confused  .... literally in a dilema...
@YellowHail i hate hiccups  x
its a mess 
Having challenges reinstalling tweetdeck 
I worry about her and her eating problems and i wish @jonasbrothers would talk to her about how unfun diabetes is 
I ate too fast and have hiccups 
@PeytonVega  no worries sweetpea! ;) go bathe! lol x g'night
@LuvMyDoxy I missed the challenge.  
back finally after techinical difficulties! actually still tech diffs but what can u do 
is concerned about the current economic situation...mostly my own and it's not good 
hiccups 
@weddingsites Wow so sorry for  the trouble 
@spicyclubsauce seriously their relationship makes ME want to go on a booze cruise and drown myself in their problems. so cute but sadddd 
Still w8ing 4 my blackberry another 2wks 2 try fix a common problem or if they cant i get a new 1 
I need to go to bed! for some reason I'm having problems sleeping  I love sleep..... 
@MissSabrinaSin mines always a mess no matter what i do 
You set me up and that was my mistake &amp; all I got was permanent heartbreak..damaged beyond repair. 
@TwiObsession He mostly just made a mess. But the issue is that he could have exposed all of us...we were so sure he was ready 
i got the hiccups and it hurts 
i have commitment issues. 
@swathi_sreekant well.. one of our servers is down.. and they're troubleshooting.. So im stuck in here till the issue gets resolved 
@modbird what? are you having trouble sleeping again over there? 
seems some problem with reliance net connect.. unable to open dabr mobile even! 
@_sofakingcool trouble at paradise 
My PC's monitor is having problems with colors... I was planning on watching (re-watching in fact) some movies in the weekend... 
@gervanderadio he just tried plugging and unplugging it but it still doesn't work and it's a problem with the unit on the roof 
@mrhorse The problem is that universities are also businesses... Pretty conflicting really... 
@mrhorse The problem is that universities are also businesses... Pretty conflicting really...  #diverse2009
@iwantcandyyy I`m finished with English, but I think I made a mistake where to put what. 
@minxkitty thats good to hear, i have my own problems now 
@Hedgewytch not that u should need to be protected to be yourself  You getting in trouble??? ;p
I really have a problem with guys.its like I can't have a pleasant conversation with them without getting awkward. 
@ianrendall funny you should say that - I'm editing right now - we've had a few problems with it 
@chrisgarrett I have the same problems 
hayever is wrecking havoc  
@amnith operalink was actually turned off after the update; it is not fixing the wand problem though 
Typical, we go the hossie to get answers and problems fixed, and leave with more problems / unknown conditions than what we started with 
Not a good idea, but creating problems out of nothing 
@TiaLaw morning trouble. I'm having male problems 
I has spoken too soon. There is account problems 
@sharonrsmith i have issues...i know 
@LornaMCampbell lol! was delegate list preparing woes 
@peterfacinelli wow, website offline because of technical difficulties already?? bummer 
dismayed with health problems lately, I've lived 30 years without mich trouble and suddenly all this stuff is broken 
@peterfacinelli except now it says 'site is having technical problems, try again later' 
@211me @peterfacinelli I'm having trouble in submiting my info 
@BethFishReads Ouch...I hate tooth issues 
@legmar @linnix glad to see my household problems entertain you 
Quiet on road and train trouble good 
@mattinsa GMSQ is closed due to operational issues with the franchisee, we'll have it up and running again as soon as we can! 
@TheExtravagate I know some entertaining accountants - if you're passionate about it, that's all that matters 
@lolpeggy not a problem, emjoy  play around with the different links to find the best quality one
@CITYPUBLICITY During revamp and shortly after. They're out of $ now &amp; in real trouble... but I'm going to be good &amp; not bag them publicy 
is solving circuit and communication problems. you may enjoy the weather instead of me 
@smileyeily No worries 
@sarahb0485 No worries! I know how busy you are right now. 
@StopChronicPain no worries!! 
@zacheryph I disagree: a coder and a designer should ALWAYS be creative, finding creative ways to solve &quot;problems&quot; 
@wcweeks No worries at all 
@schuchert @michaelbolton So we exchange problems for other problems we like better. 
is... adventure is just one mistake away 
http://twitpic.com/3jqrw - you guys really have problems haha 
@ZangiefSF4 there may have been an intermittent problem but is all set now!  http://tinyurl.com/djuado
@agent45 no worries 
@TheAnge   mess...smdh...
@CaMabigail i bet u learned from ur mistakes now, didn't u? 
@yvesremedios Oh well, solved the issue that was preventing installing 98  also, how big is the hard drive? 
@msdivineknight k hun, no worries!  xx
@FlashJunkie I have the same kind of problems, reading book before going to bed, helped me 
@dementes Intravenous coffee, the answer to all life's problems 
definately no commitment issues 
@crocktart No problem! *blush* thank you 
got a serious problem with logjams in the loo - not sure if I need a doctor or a lumberjack 
@FollowWatch ok no worries, just asking, I'm patient. 
@mlwebb No problem, you're fast on the draw.. nice to meet you.  
so many challenges... but i dont want to worry... 
@retorta That's no problem for me  But I just want the sharpest lens ! The rest of my kit will be primes anyway.
@tupp_ed You have the most entertaining problems 
@cheeaun I get it. Not a problem though as I use the feature as reference only and not for linking. 
@ZnaTrainer No problems   Now following @iGoXtreme too! 
@PrometheusFire inferiority issues I suppose. 
*challenge i mean 
So now that I've made my mess, I can go to bed. 
@creolesugar No problem! I also want to know how tweeps make those funny images 
@merejames yeah could see how pics might provide more problems.. LOlz but probs no less 
@Pewari i know you're not  i was assuming it was an issue showing in tweetie
@henryjuan I don't have a problem with bicycles - Although I understand why drivers would 
Goddammit..I'm in trouble 
playing with issues too 
@mobudaki no worries..... better late than pregnant we say 
Oh and so no confusion, I turned it down. 
@rockminxdiva I have a similar problem. Books &amp; food are the main culprits (in that order) 
@dauche no worries  graciassssss! may see you and ya crew
@lilmomz Aww.... I could help you sometime!!  No worries, I fail at writing too sometimes, darn repetition errors.
@robcthegeek oh I see. I haven't had any problems with that, so I wouldn't know if they have solved it. I can't live without it tho 
@adamsconsulting no problem and great - looking forward seeing more tweets 
@JohannaFischlin not a problem! Thaanks for the great tweets! 
@FlyAArmy apple is a good company, and I've really never had a problem with them. Issues I do have, have always been easily resolved. 
@jermayn I wouldn't be able to handle that situation well. 
@YatPundit I understand. I posted a fix   #p2
@Fittertwit No problem, I'll be posting a schedule soon to that. 
@fliplalaki here is the distraction you asked for 
@comealong to remind us how strong He is in our weakness 
@SaraHDanger Haha I think we're all in the same situation! lol 
@smashingmag No worries 
@topsurf no worries 
true lol no problem about the unfollowing..not mad 
@ClothCoutureLLC no problem.  i wasn't really sure what i was doing.  it was some application on the twibe page.  
@psuperstar the problem is, superstars always deliver huge files! too much energy pixels 
i'm causing trouble with my partner in crime. 
@dagadong  do you remember them all.... do not take that as a challenge to!  
@Rebeckela that is no problem, i know you will win with the butt kicking as i can see into the future,,, its your destiny.. jaiho 
@HMcElhatton when is ''million little mistakes'' out? i neeeeed to read it! 
@hiway Didn't say you made a mistake. I thought *I* did 
@chloecardiff: aw, your concern is touching. You must really care 
@jotaroyoshida wild snake....I get it's a matter of degree (your bizarre taste problem). 
I am trying to stop procrastinating so much but I just figured I will get around to dealing with problem later. 
It seems that hubby is having technical difficulties so I'm back for now 
@KKErwin haha yayyy, i can't wait!!! and i'll be pretty much free and with no worries so it'll be wonderful! 
@stickycarrots budget is the issue 
&amp;&amp; I'm tellin $???? he picked a winner, bitches like nelly and kelly got a dilemma! 
@JohnHonore ah yes... you could get in trouble... that's why I delete them!  
Going to sleeeeeep Hopefully tomorrow my biggest problem will be a step closer to bein solved!!!! 
@skobalczyk yes, with no problem, is just a matter of adding the location you want 
@Barnam no worries  all good!
@lexikitty no worries  !
@MisterRo by then I have passed out, so not an issue... 
@therealsavannah- Wow! Haha so texting really does have its downsides 
@Ivanlowe ok seems that the problem is solved, was no problem by the markup language but by the zip file 
RailsMagazine issue #2 free download  http://railsmagazine.com/issues/2
cracking fix, and it should work now 
dunking mugs, what's next?  The only problem with these is they don't come in left handed models    http://is.gd/zOVn
@gcfanatic What did you ask him?  The chatroom is a mess.
@peteu2lover more drain problems? 
@CourtCosmetics haha no problem! i luv you and your videos 
@whenbabysleeps no problem ! well .. theres not as much blonde as i wouldve liked .. but its pretty good for doing it myself 
she says i need to start controlling my liquor intake but i personally dont think that's a problem i have.  
@sullyburger Hopefully it's a 1 in a bazillion situation.  
@kwamejohn2003 probably to show you the error of your ways 
@funmoneyonline That's so true about problems! The best working relationships come from solving them thru collaboration.  
My problem is that i cant find guys as attractive as i am 
 no worries
@Rawrrgasmic thankfully that has never happened to me, but I can imagine how weird of a situation that must be 
i love my bother for fixing my twitter problem  *hugs*
@goodsync No problem. Just keep making a good product (and dont make it too expensive  ).
@ottern no worries  thanks for following me!
@NicholeAudrey Commercials stress that cereal won't make us fat. so, no worries 
Photoshoot for Sears was smooth with no problems!!! 
@pagingDrCullen no worries 
@greggles1969 No worries, looking forward to the outburst! I love swearing! ;) I'm trying to get in the top 500 
I've almost finished the layout, so I'm going to start work on the content manager (in GWBasic!) and sort out the layout problems later 
@chelsealush you can make a mess anytime  miss you guys already.
The problem with posting your status is that your husband reads it and then orders you around.  (this is me still working... not)
@MARYjuanaLIN lol...u have so issues hun. 
@ifenn That is definitely a valid concern 
@PinkBerryGirl If that foods could me emailed, then there's seems to be no problem at all 
@dezine I blame the system.  The problem is they need to win 50% +1 and lying is often the easy way to make that magic number.  #tlot
@ddsnorth No problems!  
@katiekatiek no problem i am here to help. its probably nothing just your anti-virus updating 
@RebeccaLange As long as they taste good, that's all the matters 
challenges! its so cool! 
@FOTB crisis? what crisis? Seems like you're selling hot sausages  - @FOTB ... http://bit.ly/sbGe0
@FOTB crisis? what crisis? Seems like you're selling hot sausages  - @FOTB ... http://bit.ly/sbGe0 -
@letssingbaby no problem  yes, I will make ! greetings &lt;3
@alandavies1 what worries me most is that you searched for this 
@sashapurse no problem let me know if you get to watch ustream 
@preetdawg when you roll with me it's no problems 
mandi...causing trouble :O 
@sophink91 no problems  Yay
@Aleenia  hi  i come to you cuz i have this problem about the rollback that was done.. can you pm B00B4RELLA when you come online
@draithon We have to get our bums in gear and get a preapproval- which shouldnt be a problem- we have perfect credit... 
@jesshoffman I would play dumb.  Unless you have an actual interest in the company, why help them figure their problems out? 
@duskyblueskies No problem. You have really cool song choices on #song_ly too 
@AndreaDG ok no worries  mwah
@meducate I have no problem talking to patients,many say I talk too much   I do not overbook or over extend.  Rather see fewer happy pts
@ManishSinha It's worth the trouble 
@brandg no worries   thanks!
@selfproduction LOL No worries. 
@hyraxmedia No problem, will have a good play with everything over the extended weekend and let you know if i find any problems 
@FlissTee I have absolutely no complaints 
@stml It's designed to stop overcrowding I think. 
@honk4peace Not a problem 
@dolphinking: we are the same plight 
@HeatherBetty no worries 
@decryption This is why we need to remove warning labels.. let the problem sort itself out 
no worries sweetmom. but we really missed you 
@hotsports No worries!   #followfriday
Listening to other peoples problems 
@hotmomamy lol- no worries 
@lorita  that's the concern 
@letsridebikes too funny.  I'm just glad the hiccups are gone!
My bird has issues 
@GlobalTownhall no worries 
@jrmarykdkb LOL. I too am in a perpetual state of confusion.  
Is over the being scared there isnt any big deal and i dont care anymore so problem is now deflated 
finished! now just works cited, sources, 2 math problems, and fotografia! 
is addicted to word challenge 
@yestrundeed no problem (sorry for the last response) 
@taylorsatula no worries, it's always good for a chuckle 
No complaints though. 
@Seajaye not a problem...thanx for listening! 
@GayleWriter  My volume has been a problem since childhood...and I have the report cards to prove it.    I'll try to keep it down now.
@shatterrrrr I like her n that's all that matters 
@littlefrogling  I can overlook the sparkling issue he has. 
@zimmieloy tell me if you find any problems or bugs on the site  the content had some problems in the morning but fixed now )
@carine_07 @alexbunardzic #itsucks I like this tag  but the worse is when the problem is hardware; I am totally hopeless.
@nickwiz I was already working on this issue w that dept, so she said to call her directly with any other issues. I guess I will! 
@KirstyBurgoine It is kind of essential I agree and was becoming a slight problem whenever I was drinking 
@Galiiit well there is actually two different versions of the song, one's heavier and older than the other. And no problem 
@gweena haha! i have no idea. then that would be inefficiency and ineffectiveness. said attentionwhorephail should then try harder! 
@TheLastDoctor One problem with that. https://twitter.com/#search?q=from%3ATheLastDoctor 
