Most common words for this cluster:
[('prom', 167), ('graduation', 29), ('dress', 20), ('grad', 18), ('today', 10), ('sleepover', 9), ('day', 8), ('party', 7), ('home', 7), ('school', 6), ('tomorrow', 6), ('days', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Prom', 0.9462301135063171), (u'prom', 0.8605230450630188), (u'proms', 0.6886096596717834), (u'Grad_Night', 0.636445164680481), (u'Grad_Nite', 0.6329283714294434), (u'Project_Graduation', 0.6157636642456055), (u'SnoBall', 0.608733057975769), (u'prom_dress', 0.6037198901176453), (u'Prom_Dress', 0.5983020663261414), (u'Prom_Fashion', 0.5918791890144348)]





Fucking can't go to Gay Prom  so i'm gonna chill at home, work on prolenet.org
Hanging out at the casa!  Was supposed to go shopping for Prom dresses but Katelyn doesn't feel good!  
Work &lt; Prom Dinner with friends... 
@crackbarbie No twit pic of you in the prom dress? 
unsuccessful prom dress shopping. 
Prom is going to be wonderdul! It would be even more perfect if @megenn were coming 
@EffieK how about this, you take the MICDS Prom and I'll take the trivia night.. 
Off to Lynn soon to get my Prom ring!! Yay! But then i have a drama rehearsal! 
is waiting for prom to be over and done with, enough with all the drama!  You might think its easy, but being a teenage is stressful... 
The prom shoot..not happening 
Grad bash is over  about to board the bus to head home.
I am exhausted. Prom was fun but High school is almost over..tired 
Heading out to pick up some pool chemicals &amp; shop for Grad dress for my soon to be middle schooler 
I can't believe it's already sunday...  Prom was fun, though!
Prom was great, but it was over too quickly 
Grad coming up, and i have absolutely bo idea as to what dress im going to wear. im like the only one that doesn't have a dress. 
looking for a prom dress. its difficult 
I'm missing good seats for paramore for prom!!! 
Twitting at prom....fail whale 
Prom was awesome, too bad I had a sunburn..  - Feet cut and killing:\
Prom was fun, I can't sleep amymore,my legs hurt, I'm upset about not getting pics done 
My BFF got sick and couldn't go to Prom!!! I was so sad! 
http://bit.ly/15wSc5   can't listen to this too long  Graduation.....
Prom was fun, but now my legs are killing me... 
Prom is only a few days away, and it is really stressing me out. I want everything to be PERFECT! Nothing can go wrong. I want my BFF! 
Graduation 
really sore, can hardly speak, weak, the results of prom. 
Prom was a lot more fun and a lot less awkward than I thought it would be. Regardless, am very sleepy and it's not even 9:00 yet. 
Prom is costing me so much money 
@livelikelivdee awww your prom dress 
Why are Prom dresses so expensive! &amp; Why do they not have any nice ones 
And its officially the worst day of them all... Graduation where all of my favorite people leave me 
3 days then... Grad! I'm so upset! 
i want to ask him to Grad but i said yes to someone else. dammmmmmn,  what do i do now?
ate the prom again. 
Prom was pretty good last night, kinda sad to realize this years almost over 
@AquariusDaisy The prom sounds cool. I didn't go to mine 
Grad practice 
@bisante sry your prom sucked 
It just occured to me..... tonight is Cheri's Prom Night......I was suppose to go with her...... 970 miles makes that kind of difficult. 
Prom tomorrow! Without maryss 
Prom is tomorrow! Wah, I can't have my anti-prom morp.  I hear the lovely gym [full of lovely memories!] looks...great. 
Finallly sleeeeep. Graduation tomorrow  I gurantee you I will be balling my eyes out.
@wandermere I'm glad you had fun. I've decided I may actually go to my prom. 
Graduation. So sad. 
@lizzie123x my prom is passed  lol
Singing at Graduation, this is gonna be sad 
I've become a prom monstress 
@dubarrymcfly @donnajonesmcfly @jessmcflyxxx  debs isnt following us anymore  x
back from Grad trip... last trip of the year.... sad 
Just go home from watchin Marissas 15th dance recital....she did amazing....i'm so sad i won't see her dance again!  Graduation in the am!
So sore from prom, my knees are so swollen 
So sad to see everyone moving out  Graduation parties off the wazoo today
Man today is a crappy day... Today I noticed all my pics have been deleted. Ugh. Prom, field trip, tennis! All gone... 
2 Weeks till Graduation 
Grad school readings. 
Still not got a prom dress or shoes! 
Prom was a BLAST!! i wish i can do it all over again ...now comes graduation 
upset dont have a prom dress yet  *sad*
@raisingurl Maybe, but I'm totally supposed to be at this prom  All my little high school friends! At prom! So cute and lame. I miss them.
http://twitpic.com/6nlml - from Graduation! my dad took this 1 that's y it's not so good. parents! aw i miss every1 already 
started crying today while saying bye to amy.  Prom won't be the same without my preggo bff.
Graduation eventually 
Prom photos are the absolute worst 
Graduation ceremonies are boring... 
Prom was awesome!! =D had lots of fun, but my feet are so friggin sore 
Just got home from celebrating. Graduation went well, but it's just now hitting me. 
proms going to suck 
went shopping to find some prom shoes but didnt find any 
Cassidee getting ready for Prom tonite. I think I've got an ear infection. Fevers off and on too.    
@kayjayduubz where are yooouuu. we must have our sleepover soon 
@mwerneck i want to be on THIS sleepover  hauihueh
catching up on prom pics! why cant prom be a yearly thing over here? i cant wait much longer 
I was supposed to go to Queer Prom tonight, but everyone ditched.  . All dressed up and nowhere to go.
I want to be at Fetish Prom tonight...I'm stuck sick at home 
Prom.post prom.iHop.carlys = best blowout for the end of junior year. graduation tomorrow  Sounds
its really sad that i killed the prom queen broke up 
Graduation 
maddie leftted me  best sleepover thoughh.
@mileycyrus I had a sleepover but I gpt sick and I had to leave!!  I felt bad!!!
1 more exam. Hopefully practice for a bit. Grad party thing. 
Grad party hoping. Its sad 
This time yesterday I was arriving at Prom 
I can't believe senior prom is over 
H.S. Grad party for daughter is over -- pleasant time had by all.But I missed @alicemercer B-day party 
hecktict day of shopping, still now shoes  Prom, bare foot?! Gym and cricket still to go!
Graduation tonight...yay?  I'll watch HellfireComms until then!
Grad school is officially causing me to have the worst summer of my life 
@CHoeski ouchhhhhh! i had that after prom! not fun  try solarcaine! it's the best!
Grad wasn't fun 
@SARAHxKAYT I hear you aren't coming to the debs no more 
has finally got his suit for the prom! I feel so grown up 
Grad practice. I have to pee 
@theDebbyRyan aww you should so do that. I never got the chance to go to my prom 
thinks I Killed The Prom Queen should have never broken up 
Prom weekend was the craziest moments of my life...where did it go? 
Cleaning and relaxing today. Yay. Graduation tomorrow!!!  
And I won't be doing that as soon as I'd hoped because I just found out we're taping a DARE Graduation tonight! 
My baby has gone off in a limo and evening suit to his prom. How? What? When? 
Graduation was really sad 
@ddlovato hahaa..so luucky! i didnt have a prom yet 
@ddlovato live it up for me too I never got to go to my prom either 
havening a sleepover with megan but she fell asleep on me 
i missed the coolest sleepover... huaaaaa  :'(  :'(
Prom tonight hair trouble 
getting a little worried as my prom shoes haven't arrived yet 
With my cousin whilst she's getting ready for prom  I wish we had a prom nowww ;[
Prom night sucked 
is sad..unfortanally me anjie couldn't have our sleepover 
Graduation how depressing 
The lil bro jus came in from his Prom aww I remember those days man like it was yesterday even thou ma skool went 2 12th grade 
http://twitpic.com/7v7fd - Graduation,was so fun! i'll miss all my friends,and my school  !
@selenagomez  prom???? lucky u!we dont hav a prom here!!! 
 Prom on wednesday - not so excited tbh.
Prom was amazing  cant believe its over   KHCTC 04-09 love youu x3
is sat in 'The Prom' using the net as her new flat hasnt got a connection yet 
This day is about to be filled with crazy bizz-e-ness.Fathers day is tomorrow. Shopppping! Fotoshoot. Grad party.. G2 suck up How I feel 
Prom was fantastic! Really enjoyed it. It's just sad there's so may people I'll never see again 
Prom was amazing, i trapped my elbow in my car door 
@henasraf I did not have a prom 
Prom was amazin couldnt fink of a betta way 2 end everything  Guna miss every1 
@selenagomez where are the prom memories? 
eatting some twizzlers and then of to my cousins Graduation party. ... yea... 
@AceXXI i want sumbody to take me to a prom again 
@camiigonzalez yeahh right lol yeaah a prom-crasher lol wanted so badly to be there! 
My mom ruined my prom dress! 
I can't stop worrying whether the venue people will allow another person at the Prom or not...they should but my mind can't stop worrying 
the prom wasn't good... 
Prom-mie in 2 days, Soooooooooooo don't want to go   A total let down, eatting cold sandwiches &amp; drinking orange squash in stupid dresses.
@debs I can't dm you. 
@niknak87 awww so much for the sleepover 
Not looking forward to looking poo at the prom  stressed out
Omg really nervous about Prom 
I should prob'ly be exited for Prom. seems like a really expensive waste of time. I could be spending this money on a new food possessor 
Prom tonight, soooo excited. But no date, shameee 
Prom tonight, soooo excited! but no date, shame 
getting ready for my prom but i feel ill 
@DeeniesWay It wasn't on purpose! I have a massive graze and bruise there for the prom now 
Prom is in 2 and a half hours!! I am going to miss all you beautiful Collingwood people sooooo much  xx
@daniellecrunden Thanks. I really need to be better by Prom! 
Just got a nice grey suit for the Prom! 
Prom dress acquired! Using Becky's one 
Just got my shoes for prom 
@DontTrustMe909  you can never be too cool for prom 
Relaxing for a little before having to eat and get ready for prom. 
Running in a huge prom dress in the rain is the best 
Prom was so fun. 
Prom=lame lol going to chill with jill all night longggg... much better 
excited for EndFest this summer. Prom in a week. 
About to be at after-prom I hope it's funn 
Prom was AMAZING.  goodnight y'all!
just got home from After Prom.  it was fun.
Prom was more than I could ever ask for 
Prepping for prom 
Prom was uh-mazing because liz was awesome and I love her  and I'm glad my friends had fun (u guys are right behind me on the bus lol)
@katiedanielle he is adorable!  loved your prom pics! 
I am going to be so busy today, Amanda's Senior Prom,Wow.Does anyone have a money tree? 
@jasminelol good luck with the prom dress shopping!! 
Writing another contract today   Prom for the twins tonight and a cancer fundraiser for Adrienne and I
going to get my hair done and Y membership! Prom today   
Pray for good weather. Prom is tonight 
getting the tux for prom! then who knows after that..about to do my morning workout 
is going to Prom with Sam tonight 
Prom Prom Prom Prom Prom! )) Soooo Excited. 
Going to get my Prom Dress! 
Prom is tonight! 
@heidimontag going shopping for my prom dress! 
Prom was great 
Prom is over! At sarahs 
Home from prom 
Prom was freakin awesome!! I had a GREAT night!! 
had a sleepover with kyla 
Prom was amazing!  going to ambers now for after prom cookout
I'm so glad I got to sleep in  Prom was incredible! 
@papertimelady yay  your prom is going to be so awesome!  I wish you a 'TheMostAwesomePromEver'  in advance 
@LalaLov3 Prom is fun but if it doesn't go perfect it doesn't really matter too much down the long run.Relax and a solution will come 
@_jenniifer are you there? im about to upload a prom dress design i put together for the fun of it, on twitpic.. 
Prom was fun. even better when something unexpected happen, i met you again and we danced and chat. i'd do it all over if i could. 
Prom was awesome. 
cant wait for prom and after prom party on friday 
And I just left ana's. Graduation and u saw laura carlos's ex and she's still whack 
Grad present photos on facebook 
At anthony's for prom. 
got a new prom dress 
Prom's over. At denny's now  with katie and kelly&lt;3
just got out of prom, it was fun  off too after prom text me
http://twitpic.com/4wkzi - before prom. this is when all the chaos began 
No phone call yett... Hrmm. Maybe a call from my end is in order?  I'll wait a bit longer, Prom nights are often 'spuratic' moments.
is down to the wire. Graduation is just a mere six days away. I can't believe it. I think I might just cry. I might... I'll miss you all. 
@babybriz i'm glad you had a good prom. 
Yay for being prom queen 
Prom was good. 
Graduation daaayyyyyy 
Is going to the trafford centre to finally get my prom dress!!! 
At Sonay's preparing the Graduation T-Shirts 
In small groups now... Grad recognition service later 
Prom was actually funnn 
Going to pick up Jess then Prom Dress shopping with her ;) Wish us luck 
just woke up  crazy prom
Prom was awesome 
recovering from intense after prom parties. 
Prom was amazing!!! Couldn't have been any better  I think i'm actually gonna  miss RHS..
Prom was interesting 
My brother is officially graduated from high school! Graduation was nice, but uh RAINING during it? Lovely  I'll update pictures later!
Is off to buy his prom suite 
Prom tonight  It is gonna be soo much fun!
Is excited about my baby's Pre-K Graduation today.. 
Prom day 
Prom today 
about to go down to london whitecity centre for a prom dress  see you there
Sleepytime. Half day, then Senior Prom!  I am soooooooo excited!
Oh god. I want to go to Prom now, too bad Kannica doesn't have a date. Oh well. 
Funtimes at Prom 
thought I was tired of Weezy mixtapes http://bit.ly/7gAPB  isn't bad! No Prom Queen 
Grad night is amazing! The lines are moving and i told indiana jones I loved him. Now its onto thunder mnt 
going shopping for prom shoes in a bittt 
