Most common words for this cluster:
[('raining', 281), ('pouring', 6), ('hard', 5), ('com', 4), ('http', 4), ('amp', 3), ('p', 3), ('home', 3), ('o', 3), ('plurk', 3), ('sunshine', 3), ('f', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'raining', 0.997201681137085), (u'snowing', 0.729641318321228), (u'rained', 0.7287367582321167), (u'snowing_lightly', 0.5854637622833252), (u'sleeting', 0.5811732411384583), (u'rain', 0.5775773525238037), (u'blowing_gale', 0.5750150084495544), (u'drizzling', 0.5605831742286682), (u'windy', 0.5514476895332336), (u'torrentially', 0.5461399555206299)]





Its F@#&amp;ing snowing! 
@nycgrl88 i wish i had sun - its raining where i am 
its raining... 
not going out tonight cause its raining 
says its raining..  http://plurk.com/p/ozw38
Its raining bad 
looking out my window...its raining outside!!!! 
its raining outside 
its raining 
@KevinFrankish raining in markham 
its raining 
its raining in cochin 
err. its raining outside. i hate rainy days. 
oh no its raining hard now 
Its raining and its pretty depressing... 
is sick  boo and its raining again boo boo
Its raining 
its raining dogs outside 
its raining outside 
aww its raining here now where the sun gone 
I need to pee but its raining outside my tent 
Its raining 
the raining always starts when you go away. 
Its raining again!  Thats texas weather 4 you!
great its raining! 
its raining sadly 
@MandyyJirouxx awww its raining there 
@woaharjay at least its raining where you are. here its just cloudy 
its raining outside goddamnit! 
is looking forward to the may day gala, but its raining 
its cold and raining in leeds 
its raining no skateboarding well annoyed 
Its raining heavy and I'm mildly moist! 
its raining 
is so not happy coz its raining and cold 
need to get out of bed and go food shopping....but its raining 
its raining here and it ruined all my plans. 
Its raining 
up early ... its ugly out its raining 
It's raining,raining and raining...it won't Stop 
so cold and its not helping that its raining outside 
its raining its pouring .............. 
scrap that, its raining again 
Goodmorning... its raining 
@ukmusicgeek In swansea twas just raining, constant raining 
@SpockBUCKTON I couldnt agree more. And its raining 
aaaannnnnnndddd its snowing again  will summer never come? 
nooo. its raining. epic phail 
i have so much energy. i want to go for a quick run but its raining 
is mad that its raining 
@OGBERRY cold &amp; raining in inglewood 
its raining hard :| 
its raining 
and now its raining 
its raining  *shivers*
its raining 
so sad coz' its raining..i cant go out... 
its raining ..makes me feel so gloomy or 
i dont want to go outside.. there its raining and cold 
@ drive-in and its raining 
And it starts why did it have to start raining when I don't have a coat. 
I can't sleep..... its raining 2 
its raining 
But well; we arent outside though cause its raining! 
 it wont stop raining darn! and the thunder so loud:|
@whoners not so nice here its raining 
isnt goin to da beach, its raining 
bored and its raining 
tafe  its raining.
I hate tryna sleep when its raining 
Its raining again 
Its raining on my vacation 
Its raining 
@yelyahwilliams I'm sorry you have to walk through vomit city....its raining here 
says woooh! its raining..  http://plurk.com/p/xrvy2
its raining again  asdfghjkl;
Its raining 
its raining 
@WMaldives @lirar its raining now ......  well its drizzling at least
Its raining 
I wore my new shoes and now its raining 
its raining again all angry like 
yeb... Its raining and I just feel like 
its raining and i cant go home 
ughhhh its raining hard 
its raining 
its raining 
it's f*cking raining!!! 
Its raining 
its raining now; the sun has well and truly gone 
Is in floridddaaaa. But its raining 
aww its raining and cold out  still laying in my bed lolz
its raining  now i cant go running
its raining 
its raining its pouring I wish I was at home snorring.... trabajo 
Its raining everywhere!!!! 
i think its raining outside 
Its raining..still 
its raining 
@mitchelmusso totally wish i was there but i live in nc, and its raining outside 
just woke up to find that its raining again 
its raining here in the philippines 
its raining 
raining.raining.raining! 
noooo its raining 
is up and its raining 
its raining  ground currently good - good to firm in places
Its raining 
its raining 
looing forwars to going out this evening and its raining  
its raining 
its raining 
is cold and its raining 
Its raining 
It needs to stop raining before I go to @molella's later 
its raining, its boring and i have to do drawing 
bored out of my mind... its raining and I feel trapped indoors 
Its raining on my parade 
its raining. 
its raining...y? 
Its raining in jacksonville again 
ya know, it sucks when its raining while your swimming. 
its raining 
says yuuuuk its raining!!! 
Its raining  and thunder  
i just got up and its raining.. 
its raining 
@ChrisEfs haha hello you x its raining here i bet its lovely there  x
And now it decides to stop raining  I want to watch F1
Its raining 
Temperature is nice to bad its raining  movie later!
its raining !! what happened to the sunshine 
@hanna_C its raining here and we are just going in to winter! 
its raining again .. if it rains any more I'm in danger of turning mouldy 
its raining again 
and its raining 
its raining men 
its raining 
Its raining so I'm staying inside... 
its raining 
its raining but my dads still making me go outside! 
stuck inside.... its raining 
heading off to london and its raining like crazy 
Its raining! 
its raining hard, n the thunder really freaks me out 
finally done with the garden ..now its raining 
oo its raining!! 
And its raining 
@dulce_gabbana  its raining here. fyl.
its raining and thundering 
urgh its raining again, i really hope it stops by the time i need to walk up the street =/ i dont like getting wet &amp; cold 
@hayley_smith its raining here 
@ThisisDavina its raining 
its raining... 
its raining outside its making me sad 
drup, drup its raining so bad.... it makes me sad 
its raining!!!!!!!!  
Its raining 
@elishacuthbert its raining since this afternoon, very borring 
its raining and i have to go to workiessss 
Its raining outside, i'm hungry inside.. 
its raining 
@tommcfly stop rubbing it in, its raining in edinburgh 
ugh i hate when its raining it makes me sick 
Its raining here and no sunshine. 
at the dentist...whooo. and its raining again. 
Its raining.. 
@JoelAndersen jealous! I don't think it's ever going to stop raining... 
Its raining outside. 
 its raining
its raining. how gloomy... 
Its raining 
its raining and i cant go running in it 
its raining again, hay!! 
Its raining outside,and i can't sleep like always 
Morning all....its raining  
its raining 
Its raining again 
Its raining and I have to go out at lunchtime 
nooooooo its raining 
urgh, its raining baaaaaaaaaad 
So glad its raining again, just not scotland without it 
ahhh at the lido and its raining! 
@MickWA  raining, wet and  cold   no summer at all 
Up,  cruising in the whip and its raining 
its raining very hard and i'm sick of it 
its raining 
sittin in the library/walking around.... its raining out  shitty pickles
Its raining 
Examen de piano  I'm feeling really lazy but it's about to start raining... it's humid and it smells like incredible #squarespace
well its raining so i guess no golf 
@taylorswift13 can i come?  its raining here
erghh its raining and i dont have an umberella 
its raining here 
Its raining,and I'm sleepy 
its heavy raining 
bout to go to sleep.. its raining 
@  Home right now, really sick ...its raining outside 
It's never going to stop raining! No umbrella 
Landed @ jfk...its raining 
Its raining 
@BrookeLockart ugh, its raining here too 
its raining. 
It seriously needs to stop raining.  Where is summer at?  
Its raining hard 
Just woke up and its raining 
hey guess what!  its raining...again 
Its raining, its pouring, I'm no longer snoring 
@AshantiakaToi It could be better its raining here 
i want it to stop raining 
just chillin. its raining 
In warwick and its raining!!! 
Its raining 
Its raining 
is chill chillin! its raining 
Its raining again 
@xas91 if its raining we cant drive in 
Its raining so much  waiting for dad to pik me up.
http://twitpic.com/7t9g9 - i don't know if you can tell...but its raining badly and thunderstorming here... 
 its raining again.
Its raining now 
Its raining o_O I have to write my speech 
its raining, its pouring, jla;ijgoaejgao;gj, not again 
I am annoyed that its raining now I cant play golf 
its raining 
Its raining so baddddd. 
and its raining  but i want to..oh well
Just about to leave home to head to the coast...its raining! I hate driving on the freeway while its raining  praying for a safe arrival!
its raining 
hey , im bored |-) and its raining 
heavy raining, soaked through 
what am i going to do now that its raining  i wanted to go to the market
Its raining 
Its raining...again UUURRGGHHH i knew it looked miserable 
it needs to stop raining 
its raining outside, i'm trying to get a football out of my tree. it got stuck 
Its raining in nyc 
Its raining 
Is wondering when it is ever going to stop raining 
Its raining! 
Its raining!!!! 
awww its raining 
bored @ my cousins house its raining not much you can do 
bored and its raining 
Ugh its raining and i wanted to go to laguna 
its raining...again 
i'm glad its raining  why is that that when i do want to get darker i dont but when i dont i toast so fast.  want to be white
its raining so no soccer 
Its raining, again. 
it really needs to stop raining 
its raining outside 
Its raining here in OCMD 
it needs to stop raining! 
Heading to work very soon  during this little raining 
at work. bored bored bored and raining raining raining. not a beautiful day 
Still in bed, had plans to get up early but its raining outside 
ewww its raining 
its raining! 
@k0l3 its raining so i have to walk 
@PurpleFoodie I'm jealous!  I wish its raining here too.  Its so hot and humid here.  
Sittn outside ready to go eat...its raining here   .:*:. aShLeY lOvEs YoU! .:*:.
ewwww its raining... 
@SqlAsylum its raining on the hill 
raining...raining...raining... 
is home....its raining..again  
fire truck jus sped past  its raining!!
its raining here in the Philippines.. 
It needs to start raining again so my knees will stop hurting! 
just arrived in the hamptons and its raining...!! 
Its raining  its pouring, good bye sunshine 
Laying on the couch, its raining really bad  rain sucks
yay! its raining! 
so happy its raining!.. 
its raining its pouring the old man is snoring (litterally i am pretty sure there is an old man out there sleeping while its raining) 
Going shopping soon :]]]]....but its raining :\..o well 
says yey, its raining!  http://plurk.com/p/uaes0
sooo pleased its raining. i get to use my new umbrella yay! 
i like how its raining so much 
Its raining 
NICE its raining 
