Most common words for this cluster:
[('rain', 1633), ('day', 103), ('thunderstorms', 67), ('weather', 51), ('snow', 43), ('home', 43), ('pouring', 39), ('thunder', 37), ('com', 36), ('days', 35), ('tomorrow', 35), ('thunderstorm', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'rain', 0.9220253825187683), (u'heavy_rain', 0.7879730463027954), (u'downpour', 0.7542696595191956), (u'rains', 0.7450886964797974), (u'torrential_rain', 0.7108933329582214), (u'downpours', 0.7035011053085327), (u'keeps_refreezing', 0.701306164264679), (u'rainstorm', 0.6977533102035522), (u'Rain', 0.6957133412361145), (u'rain_showers', 0.6947754621505737)]





it's going to be nice again tomorrow and then the rain comes back. no nice weather for my birthday 
Just saw some snow flakes 
No rain please 
Is feeling like dancing in the rain like a pixie......but the rain stopped  ohh well....lol I'll watch flight of the conchords instead
is not impressed with the rain- I wanted to go market shopping  bleh.
is that snow? 
@srrrah417 And snow to go with it 
was going to clean my car but apparently it's guna rain 
we had sunny days, now the rain is coming again  can't go for a walk with my baby
snow really makes me sad 
shaking up some apple juice and watching the snow fall.  the ...snow 
is not loving this snow 
a few  snow flurries here this morning...no snow on the ground though 
wants the rain to stop 
@jeayese coz its cold rain 
While we are on the rain subject I fuckin hate this rain! I need to do a soil test and can't with this damn weather! 
The wind and rain seriously don't agree with my hair. 
I am hoping it's not raining when I leave work not got a rain coat with me 
rain! please stop so I can play sand vball! 
Headed 2 a performance...outside...n the rain.  If I do the rain dance backwards will that make it stop? =\
The sky is looking very dark here...The rain cant be too far away 
Special Olympics canceled cause of thunderstorm  ; damn, i love to volunteer, but april showers bring may flowers  haha.
wants to play in the rain 
hates the rain. i wish i was in jersey right now 
Is loving the rain...missing the dude.  
Definitely not enjoying all this rain. Especially since my house got flooded. 
got to get some sleep..... got a bikeathon for charity 2mo!! should be good if it doesnt rain.... which it's hard not to in england  lol
Missing the spring game because of rain  I really wanted my kids to see it.
Is it inevitable that when you put off mowing the grass one day, that it's going to piss down with rain the next?? 
flippen rain flooded the carpet @ my crib 
driving from ofallon in the pouring rain= no bueno 
@vik_saxena i feel for you...boston and rain should not go together 
@f1fanatic_co_uk hope they dont stop it after 5 laps in the rain 
Watching F1 hamilton spun in the rain 
damn the rain!! i wanted to go to the flea markets 
just discovered princess. she had been outside in the rain all night. my poor baby!!! 
rain and cold  good morning.
rain rain go away i wanna go to the crawfish festival today 
it's rain day!! 
waaa. joe's scared of the rain  http://plurk.com/p/ozic4
looks like rain 
rain made me change my sunday plans 
@Scratch5150 looks like rain over here 
@rawdawgbuffalo It's lovely in the T-dot right now...we'll be getting rain tomorrow... 
This rain isn't fun. If I go out, my fur will get all wet 
@adamczar nothing but the rain.. 
@mssaram THANKS!   We plan to, despite the rain 
@socalsangels  no you don't   i feel like a lost cat in the rain.
enjoyed blore rains now back in mys with no rains 
@harisn we didn't get rain since more then a year ..  I want a storm  too
@MPORA , niiiice one! It's the same here - no snow 
at work again, had a nice weekend.... damned rain again 
wat 2 do 2da, I think it supposed 2 rain  no good
wat 2 do 2day, I think it supposed 2 rain  no good
So depressing... the rain is relentless  
@tvprincess never rain, go to work, holidays are definitely over!  xoxo
it's monday... off to work in the rain! 
heading to work shortly.  not looking forward to waiting for the train in the rain.  
its a very rain morning  sadness
wondering why it had to start raining.  I definitely don't like driving in the rain. Makes me want to stay in the bed all day!
I hate being sick, and I'm sick of rain! 
I hate rain because I can't wear flip-flops  (well I could, but then my feet would be cold and wet... bleh!)
off to get my car fixed in horrible rain 
hates the rain 
once more off into the breach headed to work.... and in the snow no less..... ugh why snow of all things 
getting ready to hop on this flight. booooooo to this rain!  mscrismusic.com
hates the rain  But is hoping to have a good week!
I'm so jelious of all the rain that everyone is getting. It almost never rains where I live 
about to run home in the rain 
Biking in the rain time. Yay! 
chatting with my cousin and waiting for the rain to stop 
not even showers can save me 
so hot and sticky..took so many showers  i want it to rain
@eesti93 I was! We were delayed sitting on the runway for an hour because of the wind and rain. 
socks got wet in the rain 
I have a fever...seriously bad idea to go out in the rain yesterday 
boredem and saddness  yay rain haha
tgif= thank god its friday! i just wish it wasnt supposed 2 rain 
@darlenecv4 no. We only got the appearance of a coming rain. But none came. 
bike to work when it wasn't raining, got to work soaking because rain decided to pour halfway through my commute.. 
i would've loved the rain if someone was with me 
ferry plan aborted cuz of rain 
hates thunderstorms 
Going sailing! In the rain 
Aw, rain, really? I was gonna scooter. 
Off to landscape the house....in the rain 
old timers day is today in dickson co. crafts, parade, flea market and rain, rain, rain 
good morning to all its going to be another rainy day here on the east coast    Is anyone else sick of the rain?
A week of rain and thunder storms, doesn't make you wanna sing and dance. 
This rain is so perfect to wake up to. But I do not want to do anything. 
we can't set it up because there's a mild rain outside. boo 
Just got home from showing property in the pouring rain.. 
POURING down crazy hard rain.....concert plans might get washed away 
@StephCrawford oh ok sorry  lol  rain rain go away!
the sound of rain would be amazing right now without all the wind 
im bored with all this rain 
@vivavelo will do. It looks like the chance of rain in the afternoon is 30%... and of course, no rain while you're inside. 
out to work.... ick, rain. 
@N0odles It's spitting rain on campus. 
@shainamaydel  sorry about the rain!
Another day in the rain..... 
rain would be ok, if you didn't have to get out in it  
goodmorning friends. goodmorning rain 
getting ready to go to a christening in the pouring rain     Now what to wear, cant wear my favorite shoes in the rain
@niggums aww janice...  there will be a rainbow after the rain, no worries!
i am soaked from getting the washing in in the rain 
I truly am hating this weather. Where is the sunnnnn? We've had rain like all week. 
Just got done unloading gear in the rain  I hope it stops before 7:10!
rain stopped me going to the reception, just caught in 
at my championship track meet in the pouring rain 
@jeweljk it's pouring rain here in philly  staying in and watching a movie.
I am stuck in this house because of the rain   How boring!
rain, oh how wonderful you are. it's just like my life, a rainy fucking dat. if only... if only 
Napping... This rain makes me sleepy. M.iss the tumni.. 
@Waltsense @TherealDaniCali no rain here, but supposed to rain the rest of the week 
Giants are doing great, my kids (cuz of the rain) will never play again, and I have to work 2marro  ick.........................
my hair is fucked up from the rain. not too happy about that. lol 
Just finished pumping the ole basement for a second time since the rain flooded it!    Grrrrrrr
@CreationsByR yucky rain 
Just been out to put the bin out..  It's that fine rain that gets you wet 
I don't like the rain..it makes it awkward for me to take my walk in  where did the nice weather go?
Not a fan of rain on bank holidays 
what i like about the south: this week will be full of tornadoe warnings and rain.. yay    
pouring rain...good sleepin weather....but have to go to work! 
this rain wasn't meant to arrive until this evening 
I though may was supposed to bring flowers not showers. I hate rain 
Sitting inside, drinking tea, avoiding the rain 
...my feet still itch from the rain yesterday  getting ready for school. somehow not tired at all!
looks like its gunna rain 
@chiefredbeard I wish I could but cookies get soggy and fall apart in the rain 
it would have made my day to have stayed in my warm bed, i hate this stupid rain idea. 
Seeded my lawn 3 days ago expecting a week of rain - still not a drop. Not a fan of weathermen right now 
whats with all the rain? i thought april showers brought may flowers? 
@simplysoles I DON'T KNOW. This rain is killing me.  I got a pedicure and everything.
the rain is not helping the allergy situation 
wants to cuddle;; its the rain 
I hate thunderstorms. 
I hate when the rain kills the internet... 
@BillMaverick alright ae, pouring down with rain outside  oh well, school tomoro 
mad that the rain marathon stopped i miss it 
I want to take my dog out but itz rain like crazy 
no rain expected in #perth until next sunday. 
hmm it's like storm and rain outside... 
rain, rain, go away, come again some other day. please. just stop raining. 
oh no  storm and rain....
oh no  storm and rain....
@sandyhc83   It'll be a beautiful wedding though, indoors or out, rain or no rain, because of all the love and happiness!! 
@ndari - The least thing to expect with this is heavy rain with thunders. 
Finally the sun!  9 inches of rain and more on the way this week 
I'm scared of thunderstorms 
If there are any thunderstorms tonight im going to cry 
err okay mr. thunderstorm, you can stop anytime now.    i do not like thunderstorms.
rain rain rain, don't feel to good this morning, wish I stayed home from work, 
I'm kind of glad of the rain and dull weather - 4 weeks on into infection and eyes still not better 
thunderstorms like this are terrifying. make it go away 
more sign surveys to go on this afternoon, looks like rain as well 
doesn't like having a cold, school  rain ...
@ap4a usual scenario is nice during week, rain, wind, snow at weekend 
rain for the next 4 days 
i hate rain  going to schoollll. :/ text me!
Morning Tweeples....woke up to a bit of rain here 
@Pepampa rain here too, no park for us this morning 
No twisters last night!!  Just a lot of rain and wind and very little sleep for momma!  
OK me no likey the rain 
No it did not rain  please rain later!
@socialmedium be prepared to be delayed for the next few days then  rain rain go away!
waiting for coffee almost in kingston and its pouring rain 
hate rain 
w8in 4 the rain to stop dont feel like getttin wet again   -x-x-x-
i hate the rain so much, especially when it gets in my shoes 
the rain needs to die in a fire 
@MMAGRUDER1 doing good.  it's still raining. ... .but still better than snow.... right? how are you?
thunderstorm 
hates thunderstorms 
i hate the rain so much  clouds make me sad. at least i have cereal.. ugh i can't stand my dad &gt;:o
spent too long shopping...now i'm stuck in the rain... 
@_agressiva23 na stayin in its raining me no like rain 
hot rain cloud hot again and again. I play a bad match  #tennis
waking to the sound of pouring rain......   not good for the oxfam walk 
I wish for more rain. It still feels warm 
hmm, rain AND hail? well I was going to go for a bike ride today, but I don't think its going to happen! 
More rain... aaaagghh..... jeez, can't stand it.... 
rain........wind.........wet feet........cold handy's.............poor me 
@gfalcone601 hiya is it raining by you ? its really bad by us  i hate rain  x x
what a morning, the race was intresting but we didnt turn out good  stupid rain!
A few people in the rain at meriden 
@RachelElnaugh your'e lucky, it is slinging it down with rain here 
Is working again at the whitechapel gallery.. I want the rain keeps going so I won't think about those laying on a sunny park 
has been driven indoors - away from her bedding plants - by the rain  
My hair is ruined from the rain already 
hates the rain 
is listening to the rain on her window 
I hate Sundays and rain. 
Its raining here...the bad news blackout even the phone lines are out...all this because of little wind &amp; rain 
Off to walk the dog... In the rain 
rain  oh well goin to the spa to get pampered!
Where did this rain come from 
Hey guys just hanging out at home... Looks like rain! 
Hoping we're going to get some rain w/ the front that is moving through tonight. We've had 0 rain this month 
@B3M yeah ill take 94 over 55 and rain! 
Beach = fail. I love the rain for the sweet sleep it gave me last night but seriously beach is my first love and sleep second 
is experiencing every black woman's nightmare: stuck outside in the rain w/ a fresh 'do. 
a light rain for the past 3 hours.  No way to cut the grass this weekend 
@Relucs It was late afternoon here...runing in the rain is an all too familiar experience here 
good afternoon folks....i wish the rain would go away 
Here comes the rain  This summer better be a scorcher  http://twitpic.com/5djt4
I miss the rain. It's not gonna rain for at least 10 days 
Home time .....and it's pissing down rain 
You know when your a triathlete anymore when you won't ride your bike in the rain 
The theme for this week is...rain 
is listening to the pouring rain and thinking that it doesn't get much better than this.  What a pity I have to go out in it 
Who woulda known showers could hurt 
Is at work wishing the rain would stop 
urgh, trek through the rain time 
boooooh, walking home in rain 
@mikecj wish it was here, weve got rain, sun, rain,sun,rain,wind wind rain today 
@NatalieMiller11 love it babe. It hadn't rained in Bunno for around 50 days  I forgot what rain looks like
@KrissyHefford LOL same here, was getting ready to go out to MTBing and than rain stops me, again 
Looks like rain 
@workingnana i hope so... but it says rain all week  we get flooded here when it rains too much so i hope that doesnt happen
yay tin roof + rain = I CAN'T HEAR ANYTHING 
Just walked home from the station in the pissin down rain an is not happy!! 
Revision and abismal rain don't make for a fun filled day 
Looks like I spoke too soon, absolutely torrential rain now 
I wish the rain would stop. It's really heavy &amp; battering off my window, I wanna go back to sleep 
Its pourin wit rain... N my clean car is parked out in it 
going to walk  jazz hope it don&quot;t rain the skys gone all grey i will end up coming back soaked 
rain puts me in a horrible mood. it doesn't help that I don't have my fiance to make it all better 
O when will this rain stop?! I have a long miserable drive in a min and i hate drivin in a storm! 
the rain came at the wrong time this evening...  too bad
Sneezing like hell. Just cause I was caught in the rain earlier?? 
@krug95 The rain will just make the weeds worse 
sitting at work waiting on the rain 
Just took a second shower - in the rain  What a nasty day, and wayyyy too cold for me...
@jam_jam yeh i hope the weather goes better than it is now  it was spitting before. and spitting is bad. well not as bad as fine rain.
My first tweet, currently doing the school run,waiting in the rain. 
looking out the window... at the damn rain 
hmmm i hate the rain 
@wla10 pretty good. at work bored, and slightly starving bcuz of this diet i just started lol. the rain will be down here by 4pm  ..you?
lucky i got an umbrella and a hoody  what are the bets the rain will stop soon as i get to caro? the rain got inside my shoes! 
@maryakabetti that sounds really relaxing!! I can't hear the rain 
oh no... it looks like rain... 
Please rain 
I can hear the pitter patter of rain droplets on my roof n yet its so hot 
when wil the rain stop? i'm hungry 
when will the rain stops? i'm hungry 
@jensenemma I wanted to go for a run and as soon as I stepped out of my car it pelted down rain 
So hppy no rain for now. But i feel there is a cloud over me 
just got caught in the rain walking back from asda, in my tshirt! 
The rain messed up my decorated car 
I'm really sick of rain, it just started again! 5th day in a row now. 
1.5 seconds after I told my missus to get ready for dinner, heavens gates opened and it's now pissing down with rain 
40% chance of rain on my birthday  i am going to the park anyway. in my duct-taped rain boots.
rain rain go away, you just ruined my hiking day 
found self driving to work this morning wishing for rain to wash the dust off of the poor poor car, 4 wks no wash 
loves the rain  but my guests from trondheim are suffering big time 
rain rain go away come back when I'm home and safe 
looks like its gunna rain 
Wish the rain would stop coming so we could go out on the lake this weekend 
is laying in bed listening to the rain..i really dont want to go to work 
stuck in traffic and rain! 
What the hell?! There is no rain out here 
 third day of rain.
I wanted to beat the rain. That didn't happen. It's going sideways. I don't want to get off this bus. 
I cant find my yellow boots, yellow rain coat and my rubber ducky. I wanna go out side and play in the rain! 
On the way back to the chi, what's up with this rain?! 
the rain just made everything worse. now it's super humid 
@siglmom too bad the sun didnt last very long. stupid rain 
Completely annoyed that I can't sleep and the satellite has been knocked out by the rain. 
well the rain has been mean to my hair 
rain rain go away. I'd like to bike to work someday. If only I had waterproof gear 
@easternbloc the rain in spain will fall mainly on my plane 
i know we need the rain but we can pretty much do without the thunder and lightning. i want to sleep! 
still watching TV doing nothing like always bored bored bored was waiting for the rain it never came 
@TimSmalley not far to go at least, good flight so far? at least you might catch some sun before the rain starts here next week 
BBQing in the rain was not a very good idea.  i feel sick 
So sad that our dramatic thunderstorm is over! 
The rain sounds nice outside. I'm excites for the next three days. But I feel sick 
Enjoying the smell of fresh rain, and the thunderous cracks of lightning by myself. 
from humid hot to freakin rain. global warming. 
sososo bummed, like really bummed, i hate this rain, ruin my date... 
walked home in the rain. 
getting stuck from visiting sites by rain 
gawd the rain is too strong 
rain got so big weather so cold right now 
so happy its friday...not so happy about this rain 
hearing the birds chirp makes me think its nice outside...well its not  rain rain go away!!!
@DaveJMatthews concert tonight at fenwayyy! hopefully the rain stops 
Moving in the rain is not fun. Last day in the Hamptons 
Loving the warm weather... but can we get some rain please?! my water bill is going to be bad 
why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain. 
I'm sitting in altanta. It's raining in boston. Yay for flying in the rain, that should help with my fear. 
@el_jeffe83 its all the rain 
@MissCaseyB I know what you mean  rain sucks...
where did the rain go?? 
Oh my god. I literally drove in rain that was so hard that i couldn't see in front of me. I'm shaking 
@tlockemy I do too, but not heavy rain, which we've had 4 more than a wk. 
is a bit tired. I blame the rain.  http://plurk.com/p/x2jc9
@qcmartinez it's cloudy and damp over here too. i hope it doesnt rain for tonite's track meet  i'd hate to do interviews in the rain
@pinkalici0us argh! color me jealous! That rain I asked for the other day still hasn't gone away 
3 margs. Driving home in the rain now 
@gotenkslovesme haha yeh lol maybe.  i missed the last roadshow cause of rain
 i hate rain and people.
Never commute in the rain. The people get so much meaner to you. 
I think the rain killed my phone 
wishes the rain would stop so my stupid headache would go away! 
tired as fuck. it's pissing down with rain. i miss summer 
mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*
oh i hate the rain... and septa... and leaving my dog 
rain rain go away.  had to cancel my pool plans! tragic.
@shanisfearless gaah rain for tomorrow 
sitting at home boreddddd.  i hate the rain 
@rjdavila did you get done before rain? I only got half done. 
 I missed the rain at home.
Drying off from getting caught in the rain on the bike 
When will we have a great thunderstorm?  We haven't had much of any rain this year. 
fuck this rain 
It's raining like a mad man out here. And not the peacful, steady rain that I like, It's the scarey, dark, hard rain that freaks me out. 
@TBEAustralia   at least your not sick... have a good gig you guys.  Hopefully the rain will stay away.
no hockey, because of the bloody rain 
dont like the rain 
i hate thunderstorms 
why does the rain fall when you don't need it to? 
the rain stops... 
(music)rain rain go away,come again another day  http://plurk.com/p/x57um
the rain just came in my room 
i'm so bored - have to go clean the showers now 
it stays warm and sunny and no rain, hate that, all week nice and warm then bloody rain for a wkend, bet that happens 
yuckkk its pouring rain &amp; im filthy now!! walking through that was horrible 
braved the rain. got wet. now has colds. and sick. 
The freezing rain and wind, however, may take some more time to get used to... I wish I brought my boots! 
waiting for the rain to stop so i can get my jog in this morning 
@ImJusInCredible the flooding, they were on the floor when the flooding began and i would wash them but they stink now. 
Because of the rain, no boating 2day 
Is it goin 2 be a rainy day or not??? I just wanna put my rain boots on *says in whiny voice* 
@kayolite lol I just googled the weather for the next couple of days...weather is going to range from low 50s to low 70s with rain 
No dillo day  damn you sickness and rain!
Guess what?? The rain stopped.. and the electricity is gone. So much for the monsoons 
Hey @iambolaji go get @negrita_linda out the rain she's getting wet 
it's raining again, this makes 4 days of rain 
I miss screaming, fighting &amp; kissing in the rain... Thats the way I loved you 
@yogeshsarkar what... its raining where in delhi? in which part?? am also in delhi... no rains here 
hoping for rain so practice is cancelled....no luck yet 
where did all the rain go? 
@dawnrichard my rain is when no words can get him to understand where I'm coming from 
Seriously! The burn ban is gone cause we got some rain but now i cant breathe 
why heavens ta weather has been so flaky  rain then sun then dizzles, now thunder?
how is it that staford gets all the rain? fredericksburg gets nothing 
its pouring rain right now with thunder and lighting 
Why can't it be storming now when I'm going to take a nap? The rain would help me sleep 
here in caliraya resort and it appears the rain aint stopping. 
we're having an awful thunderstorm....don't like it. 
A beautiful day here; sunny, warm.....gee we need some rain 
@erincampos the rain is in the jar. my stupidity included 
got a cold from netball  i could sue those old ladies for making us play in the rain
Looking at the damn rain.. 
i hate thunderstorms,i can't fall asleep 
oh no! rain on motogp again!? was expecting a fast pace race 
another rain-sun-rain-sun day ......... this is getting monotonous 
is at the racetrack and its raining. go away rain 
@kazoojones hated to read there was rain at the track  don't think I can handle another race like last week lol
@CheMerf I KNOW!haha but this rain is sooooooooooo gRRRRRRRR&gt;lol. i can't enter 
ughh woke up with a headache again  .. rain rain go away!
@harisn i wnt to come to lahore and enjoy the rain 
The weather is sooo stressful! :@ its so hot that theres misty rain evrywhere 
looks like rain..  boo.
@TWCWeekends but why, I hate hurricanes, gusty winds and rain 
is very full of dinner and has just cleared away the garden toys ready for the rain 
i wish the rain will stop so i can go out and see my friends.. 
another weekend of cold, wet rain.. 
now all there's left is the rain......  i'll just twirl my hnads in the rain while playing cinderella -steve curtis chapman
aww. looks like it's about to thunderstorm and rain..good weather here don't last long 
...thunderstorm 
yuckkk its pouring rain &amp; im filthy now!! walking through that was horrible 
This rain is going to make me get home later than expected 
ohh..the rain has stopped pouring 
@aabril09 fag...you're right here. &amp; you won't kiss me in the rain  you're too busy eating doritos
@dakidnice215 thank you..shit got leaked  lol oh well....purple rain dropping july3rd
lots of rain last night, I don't think my poor veggies are going to make it - still under water 
ugh! i hate the rain!  such a bummer
The drive home through a lightning storm was enjoyable...but no rain at my house yet 
hate it when it looks like rain but it never comes  i miss fl thunderstorms.
wats with the weather.... it always seems it wud rain but it never does 
We've had to change our plans because of the rain: no more motorbike  But hey...who wouldn't like good-morning-sex? ^^
@charp gah everyones getting the rain 
The rain is affecting my tv reception...I swear all technonlgy in my house is like screwing itself 
I don't like rain and a strong wind because I'm in a bad mood. 
@AllEarsDeb whilst the D23 event sounds great us poor English peeps are left out in the rain again 
ahhh...another day of summer vaykayy....rain rain go away 
*crying* I'm standing in this rain trying to get my brothers truck started  aaaaaawwwwwww
Please dont rain...i dont have a jacket or an umbrella 
if it's really june why is it still not hot outside?  *hates on the rain.*
When will the rain stop  it sucks riding a scooter when it's wet.
two days of rain... yeah, it's beautiful... but so boring 
is hating the rain  enjoying the day off though!
Oh no! It's raining again.  I don't like rain during nighttime.
@CookingGranny windy here this morning with a few drops of rain.. took the little 1's I've got here 2 the park in bunnyhugs &amp; sweat pants 
I don't like the rain at all  its downing my day
i may be 23, but thunderstorms still scare me!!! 
Going outside in the rain to pick my nephews up from school 
@Rinthe thunderstorms are scary 
The snow is coming down really hard out here. 
@Forumotion I heard talk of rain clouds tomorrow  It better be a lie lol
@nicktabick  we were supposed to have t-storms here all day. At this point, I welcome the rain.
@hockeywithjon montreal = rain 
just got done driving through the mountains in a downpour... fun times 
@bluebeagle2 I totally agree. With our rain came cold temps. It was 85 degrees at 2pm. By 7pm it was 54 with rain. Totally sucked! 
checked the weather channel and its suppose to be 27C tomorrow -cries and melts-...where is the rain? 
I dont like thunderstorms...  
Goodness gracious the rain woke me up... now I can't fall back asleep 
No thunderstorms came.  Such a disappointment. 
No sign of rain yet 
what am i doing now.. i feel like a pet left in a rain 
tiredddd  getting sicker nothing like exercise in the rain!!
the sound of the rain hitting the pool almost makes the migraine keeping me away seem worth it.. to bad you cant tweet in the rain 
its raining again, i love the rain but sometimes its making me all gloomy 
oh... the rain stopped 
three days of rain at sea! 
all this rain is depressing.  and i just had my car waxed too 
over the rain  it better be sunny on the gold coast next weekend
brown out - rain is causing problems  - might go off line soon
The rain is such a comfort, I love it....just wish my TV was working too 
sitting bored in school. it just got to dark out all of a sudden  pleasee no rain!!
@juliedibens not at the moment - rumour has it the rain is coming though 
More rain! I am growing gills 
very dirty rain today means my car is now caked in streaks of mud 
took mom and littles to the airport and is missing them already  stupid rain isn't helping lift the spirits much either!!
Oh rain. how you mess with my yard work! 
@cazp09 nope and the hoppings is comming soon and it always brings the rain with it 
I love the rain, but not when I have a ton of things to do outside! 
I wish we'd finally get the predicted thunderstorms...I love them but we get so few of them. 
I love thunderstorms but I'm sick 
I am missing the convertible I had for the last several days.  Even with the threat of rain, I still miss it 
@eCheers about time too .. it's sad when kids don't know what rain looks like 
praying for no rain on friday  ..50% chance of showers 
Oh no talking up to 2inches of rain over next 2 days. I may be mucking out the basement again. And it was just getting dried out 
Planning on going to @creativesydney #csydney tonight but it looks like rain 
The rain makes me sad.  It also makes me want hot chocolate. - 600th tweet!
Its a scary thunderstorm  i like rain but not beastly scary kind
thunder, lightning and strong rain passing by my place right now. startled me from a real good sleep 
I sooo dnt like thunderstorms. 
i opened the gate for mom then it rained so hard and im all wet...  it was fun... i wanna do it again... hahaha... the rain stopped... 
heavy rain.. argh! 
hate the rain! 
So much for the rain! Looks like another day working in the sun! 
I actually miss rain. Yes. I wrote it. I feel so ashamed 
says the rain again....  http://plurk.com/p/y2fdi
not liking this thunderstorm  
heavy rain outside. summer's officially over. 
This rain blows, my basement is so flooding 
Walking home inthe rain and it sucks 
have to go visit my horse in the meadows... and it's pouring rain.. 
I hate thunderstorms 
I was awaken by the loud thunder n pouring rain ... Now I can't fall back to sleep 
just a had walk on the beach... in the storm and the rain!!! my hair is really bad now  try to fix it... but meet a friend of mine soon!
no yosemite this weekend  my knee hurts... rain coming?
asks when will the rain stop  http://plurk.com/p/y3fwr
rain =  ...essay due in a couple hours = double 
And now the rain has stopped. The lightning was so close  wth. okay to me since it was random i feel like its the end of the world
when will the rain stop? streets are already flooded here..... 
wonders if this rain will ever stop!!!  http://plurk.com/p/y3pcr
either this is just fatigue from lack of sleep and teaching classes or getting wet in the rain but im coming down with a fever 
OK not a good night sleep with all that thunder and rain 
the rain is pouring down right now!  
ooohhh yeah...  could be the thunderstorm I woke up to...  or the thunderstorms they are calling for after 1:00.  
@zoziekins i'm sowwy  i was quite distracted with the pretty rain XD
Just looked at the weather and it's supposed to rain all day....stupid rain ruining our anniversary plans. 
thought I'd sleep good with the rain &amp; thunder, but I'm way tired this a.m. and am wishing I was at home to go back to bed 
Ugh! Such a beautiful morning. But I won't last cuz of rain 
I need to cut the grass before the rain comes but...can't get rid of this last bit of headache.  
Taking the kids to daycare in the rain 
@kbranch...looks like rain. You want a raincheck on the zoo? 
staying home, listening to the rain 
waking up in the morning sucks if u have to go to school in the rain! 
60% chance of rain  @Colithika you sure you wanna come over for pool? XD weather.com says thunderstorms
stand in the rain by superchick {my life} 
Is that rain I hear outside my window?.....yup! 
thunderstorms!! come baaaaaack 
@madison_mae i get no rain  it cant rain here, then the beautiful sidewalk graffiti will be gone. i was expecting that to last all summer
What happened to the epic lightniioi show and rain? 
@tabithabarron The rain never came my way 
Doing yardwork and laying grass seed in the rain = one ridiculously muddy house   #fb
@jlw072  I'm standing in the rain at nats park... I've had ben's and hard times so far
thunderstorms tomorrow apparently  dnw
Off to bed, only going to the grove if 1)it doesnt rain 2) this bad cough goes away 
This rain an not feeling well makes me wanna curl in bed with hybridenishi 
ergh its gunna rain this weekend...! Not gooood! 
@mitchelmusso i hope everything is still going down cause me, @BreeRulezd00d, and @CHANTEL_NoDuhh are waiting in the rain 
rains spoillin the match 
@mitchelmusso i hope everything is still going down cause me, @BreeRulezd00d, and @CHANTEL_NoDuhh are waiting in the rain 
2 weeks of sun that's was too real ...rain is coming back 
@katili I match your west coast rain with some east coast rain. Even a picture to prove it.   http://twitpic.com/6ojbn
Just finished eating &amp; I got wet by the rain huhu! 
@welchva I will gladly send the rain to you, we've had way too much here...the yard needs to breathe!  
nt looking forward to graduation in the rain 
don't want to go out in the pouring rain 
i want to go home and sleep in my warm bed...  i hate the rain...but only when i have to be out and about...hahah
@peterfacinelli  rain is everyone at the moment! even in the uk with me  i hate rain lol
@amournoir please no rain  i cant take it! lol
Not going to the river in the rain with the kids 
rain is miserabllleee ** eating lunch then work @ ilforno   grrrrrrrrr.
Clouds and rain not goood 
summer rain... 
rain, rain go away...I have to home  and then to a dance recital in this mess. 
got caught in the freaking rain.. my new shoes noooooooooo  dam got to get a new pair ..daddddy
@fountain1987 gosh hope you watching it on tv and not outside in the rain- typical weeeknd weather 
@OhManChrisHand http://twitpic.com/6olyq - I miss rain like that 
Why does the rain have to come back??    The tans already fading!!! lol
man the rain is beggining to get annoying 
walking home in the pouring rain 
being upset because of this rain. this is horrible. i hope prom isn't ruined because of this. 
has yust trend whit bicikel end fucking rain cact me 
i miss the nice weather  rain is never good. i can deal with cold &amp; snow. but rain?? BLAHHHHHHHH. whatever happened to summer?
Such gloomy weather outside. I actually closed my curtains I couldn't stand looking at the rain. 
@linnyboo alas no, the rain hit at lunchtime and hasn't stopped since 
@mallyfever try driving through the torrential downpour 
@MKEYCKOR I'm sorry to hear that, it's certainly not pleasant outside... boo for all this rain 
More rain more traffic more headache 
Driving home in the rain. 
thunderstorm 
I have a volunteer project in 30 mins. I don't like driving in the rain 
rain, rain go the hell away  i want to go to the beach tomorrow 
@AndyMorse well, the rain seemed to hold off for our walk up. The mist however rather scuppered any chance for a decent view 
@troyearnest rain!  oh no!
rain??? it was hot five miles ago and I'm wearing flip flops 
Going home in the rain 
@JaeSwan I'd pack for mid 60s to about 80. I think there is some rain in the forecast for early next week 
@thehappyhours Could you please send it back. I miss the rain.  Yes, I would like an update too.
@SolangeNoir apparently the sun won't arrive here tomorrow either  heavy rain showers predicted for a place that is ordinarily boiling!
Laying in bed, listening to the rain, feeling lonley 
When will the rain stop i want to go out 
I am no fan of rain...third day of grey. 
The sound of the rain is making me homesick. 
crud 30% chance of rain next weekend.. sighhh 
I hate the rain.  It ruins hooping outdoors.
This rain is like someone sneezed into a fan 
...and the rain ruined my pawsox game 
finally settling into my room in cape cod.  5.5 hr drive took 7 in the rain and traffic 
i dnt like rain on fridays 
@_CrC_ http://twitpic.com/6pdid - Wow, you guys weren't kidding about the rain 
@megasenter i don't know, i just feel like i got andrew's hopes up about coming over tonight. he walked halfway here in the rain. 
I can't stand the rain, on my window. 
@leftlanedro idk what i did  but my hair is paying for it. (singing) &quot;rain rain go away&quot;
heading to bed. i hope it doesnt rain tomorrow. 
@locaine rain check I guess  I wish it wasn't sold out
Lightening and thunder all around but no actual rain now in fort lupton 
sigh, rain 
WTF? The rain woke me up 
and now here are the thunderstorms i was so excited for and i cant even enjoy them   theyre scarin me for once and i dont know why!! ahh
enjoying a lie in, listenting to the rain 
i hope it won't rain on monday.  i am soo excited to go to school and yet... the rain is spoiling the excitement. 
@sjcNKOTB well my roof started leaking last night the rain was so fast! 
I wouldn't be bothered by the rain if I knew I wouldn't get wet. But chances are, when I walk to the bus stop I'll get rained on 
@TehGrumpyDude I ventured out in the rain only to find the 24 hour store was closed. Now I'm hungry. 
will end up climbing walls if she has to stay in all weekend because of the rain 
@chunyen send some up here to singapore  we need a lot of rain!
rain rain rain ..... make the veg grow but indoor jobs today 
Not looking forward to an afternoon of rain at the cricket...boooo! 
Right now I wish my feet weren't so injured, because wearing flip flops today, in this rain, will be horrible 
 The rain is dampening my happiness.
Going to work in the rain is one of my least favorite things. 
morning everyone..........................rain has stopped play 
just had my morning coffe, and now I am relaxing and looking at the rain outside 
Outside in the rain waiting for a bus it is not v. fun!  
@murphygrainne I abandoned notions of a run this morning - torrential rain here 
oh no its raining  i hate rain it stops you from doing loads of things 
right, sitting in tent listening to the rain pouring down 
walking back from tap in the rain. im soaked already 
@ryjameschrist rain rain go away  at least I'm on a train with a roof none of those open top ones :p haha
is sittin down and is hatin the bloomin rain 
blimey it is properly pouring w rain! Not sure I want to go cycle shopping in this, I can't ride it home &amp; its not allowed on tubes 
@Aibotails same problem around here...... no rain yet, but clouding over 
is feeling grotty, and it's not helped by it pissing down with rain outside 
i hate the rain. i hate exams. i hate being tired 
has to walk to work soon in the pouring rain! how gay 
Wants the rain to go awayyyyy 
the thought of the rain stopping 2-3 days from now... makes me sad. 
y does de weather always change so quick??? i hate rain 
at work delivering furniture in the pouring rain snd getting soaked 
came home a few minutes ago. walked through the rain... 20 minutes... i'm so cold and wet!! 
The rain is so loud! I don't mind it but my dogs do 
Just keep saying to myself &quot;The plants are loving this rain. It's good for the veggies.&quot; and blinking away tears of disappointment 
20 degree drop in temperature and constant rain - not fun 
Morning and its shitty weather again in england (Y) rain rain rain... like... constantly... and i have a ten bag waiting to be smoked 
rain's ruined the plans! 
relaxin!! rains back 
is very ashamed of south oxhey. also want the rain to stoppp 
wow whts wi the rain the day total bouncin of the ground   !!!!
due to the heavy irish rain, the picinc is now at the basement.. 
i hate the rain why?? it was so nice when we had exams... 
Annoyes with rain cause i cant golf    
hates the rain!!  x
rain  i need 2 get out of ireland :@ any ideas 
feel sick (N) and annoyed (N) but mason musso's voice is getting me through. XD the rain has given me a cold 
Just finished at the stables i'm like a drowned rat now! i hate rain! 
Please stop the rain it's starting to depress me 
Catch up l8r got 2 go 4 a run in the rain shame!  x
Aaaaahh the rain sucks! 
@kels450 I HATE rain! Totally messed up what was going to be a brilliant day! 
@UlfMueller gardening? where are you at? in cologne it's pouring rain 
is playing summer anthems....in the rain 
@xenon21 sorry about the rain 
hates the rain 
Yes.... No rain 
danced in the rain. i miss my childhood days. 
Its boring without rain 
I think I may have to brave the rain cos I fancy fish and chips but will have to go out to get them 
got all wet in the rain  need a nap and then a good shower before tonight
working in the snow 
rain rain go away...  working and preparing for the hair show tomorrow.
boring weather outside  rain and shit
rain brings down my mellowness  x
Its raining  and i was gonna have a sunball fight with fliss .. rain ball fight anyone ?
Just saw a wedding car, how unlucky wedding in the rain rain rain 
Off to work in a min!! Why has the rain come back 
Sadly, no fly fishing in the rain this morning .... 
is waiting so impatiently for this rain ... but is a bit discouraged by the &lt; 1/10th inch forecast.  
@atubanos I miss sailing like the desert misses the rain! 
hates the rain 
My eye is charmed in a split second, but to take a photo I like I must stand in the rain for 5 mins  http://twitpic.com/6qxop
Gardening in the sopping rain =/= fun 
I am board, I hate the rain  also hungry don't know what to eat
@NoDisKo wearing the correct footwear is essential to rain enjoyment. That's why I can't go out in the rain. 
went to our former sports teacher's church wedding today. rain was pouring down  rain boots time! still wishin them all the very best.
The rain makes me want to stay in bed, but I have no food in the house. 
Hates getting cancelled on  of well tonight I hide from the rain and keep dry!
Oh, hello rain clouds. Must you visit me on a weekend 
@Dorkus_ haha, the rain has gone from here too  the toilet paper sounds a lot more interesting then the state of the weather haha x
just chillin watchin the rain pour down!how depressin 
anyone for a spot of rain? 
I am ssoo ssoo sick of the miami rain.  Its gonna storm any minute now uugh 
i hate waking up after one, thats when the rain clouds start to formulate 
watching the rain fall 
oh man, its pouring down rain here  and its thundering and lightening too
going to ames...stupid rain so I can't go boating 
Its gnna rain ALL next week 
hates the rain 
hates driving in the rain, 
hates that the rain washed away the arrows 
In a tube in the rain   
Looking like rain again do not fancy walkies 
@BobsPony cool what did it look like,shamr for the rain though 
god damn rain 
@Rosiekonc  woke up with one already  i blame the rain!  feel better!
@revolutionn eeek!! i know i didnt make it cause of the damn rain and our driver was sick  i was really looking forward to going out!!
rain rain... go away. i was supposed to go to my cabin today.  cali digre's not okay... and now i have nothing else to say
rain delay. been waiting for like an hour -.- i wanna go home 
Yay...!!! I'm outside in this rain at work 
Thinking of doing an anti-rain-dance...it has to stop! I have to go outside 
I'm so over this rain already, but unfortunately hurricane season has just begun! 
I hate how in ireland the rain is rainier than everwhere else!! 
state track .... in the rain!!  then getting ready to finalize these colorado plans! WHOOOOP
i do not like having to plan clothing for the rain  especially coz most of my rainy stuff is in edbur
Tipping it down with rain for the past 10 hours. 
@sj32 Has the rain stopped yet?  If that raintoday site is correct, should have stopped about 8:20 but started again at 10ish 
hate cold showers 
Its raining again! Yay! I love thunderstorms. I miss ImWendy  
woke up to the rain and all my towels are on the line 
@ionwen oooh think youll have to dream on for the sun  forecast is more of the same, rain and then some more rain!!! boo hiss  xx
is stuffed and enjoying the rain. wishin my boyfriend was here so i could cuddle with him 
Going for a walk before the rain begins, having had a shitty day 
All this rain is bad for biz 
@latinqttwitts4u Me too!!!  but would like to avoid the humidity that comes along with it after a lot of rain 
The incessant rain is making me sad. 
Hates waiting for the bus in the rain. 
oh fuck the rain is over 
is a little upset that she was at the marlins game in the rain and then the concert was cancelled! 
Finally its gona rain. Tears of heaven for the grounds....but thunder &amp; lightning make me scared 
@sammy_sunshine well wouldn't a simple rain dance suffice?  There's no need to make them cry. 
its sunny again. i sooo miss the rain.  it's like my happy pill :|
I'm going to bed..vball from 9-12  I bet $ 44577533 that tomorrow will be a rain delay.  HAHA
I do not appreciate rain, thunder &amp; lightening storms at 6:15am which make my house shake 
I love the rain but hate that it brings out all the bugs..... 
Oh dear horrible thunder and rain.really scary 
is tired and hopes to fall asleep quickly.  Not looking good though since I don't sleep well with heavy rain and thunder.  
going home in the rain and thunder 
just got back from a walk across the bridge with my sister. had to walk back in the rain 
@laure_f Haha, but it ain't real snow 
stupid rain tomorrow 
@jayneale - I want a thunderstorm 
just woke up. its pouring of rain !! 
the rain is not good  xxxxxx
@TalindaB we have had bout 2 weeks of the sun, very hot and now its rain and not nice   xx
stupid rain ruined my new (and expensive) shoes 
This rain is relentless and it's stressing me - I had planned to refelt the shed roof this weekend - everything inside will be soaked 
Looks like rain. 
Last night's heavy rain has pummeled my tomato plants.  I might have to scale down the expected crop this time around 
is annoyed ill + rain = ruined destressing photoshoot plans 
My only proper day off and it's pouring with rain 
afrique's for pizza after a driving tour of the city. boo rain 
Its going to rain tomorrow  &quot;rain rain go away come again another day&quot;
is soaking from all of the rain after getting off of my motorbike even with all my leathers on 
well its coming down in bucket loads! or whatever your turn of phrase for torrential rain is 
Off to work I go, its pouring down with rain and my socks are all wet  ew stylish huh? Lol
After the thunderstorms this morning I thought it would be pissing down with rain all day! No rain yay! but no people too!  come on!
@BitchinDonna awww hope it doesnt rain!   have fun!!! was well up for Decadenze tmrw but the gig got cancelled.. not very lucky lately:-P
oohh dear its pouring with rain and thundering 
Today's rain &amp; wind and very cool 
I hate rain it ruins almost everything aaaaarrrrrrrrrrggggggggggg!!!! 
I'm fed up of the rain this weekend 
west tour... rain rain go away, now we can't set up today!   tournament is cancelled! sad day!
the rain is making me bored, so bored that i am watching mtv's pimp my ride, which i hate! 
watching the rain come down on my washing! 
It cant rain all the time 
I hate rain carnt believe the weather is like this again 
dang where's the rain? it's so darn hot! 
i hate that this weekend is all clouds and rain  i want sunshine on my days off!
i am kinda missing the rain 
Shouwering after a 15K cycling tour in the rain 
I'm sick  fuckin' rain!!
just turned my freshly bathed, clipped and groomed horse out in the mud and rain and carried my saddles, tack and clothes back inside. 
stuck in the lab coz of the heavy rain 
Walking in the rain with the dog 
@umamakepeace its also like im craving sunshine loo. only got rain and cold weather here now 
@chriscornell you're lucky...we're getting snow 
wants the rain to stop before 6 
@LouieArson  @ your last tweets about wack parties and rain.
omg, the rain! it had better not do this tomorrow 
tired of the rain  no bon fire last night  
http://twitpic.com/6u746 - ready to go! hope it doesnt rain...   who wants to come with me!!??
rain  no golf oh well run errands!
I find the thunder &amp; the rain that comes with it so cosy &amp; beautiful. I don't know why, but i just do. Wish i had someone to cosy up to. 
It appears we're about to be bypassed by the storms yet again.  If I can hear the thunder, I should be able to have the rain!
@longstride yes, i can see where you would want to get away from the snow.  i saw so many motorcyclists yesterday in rain.   misery.
it's raining men halleluja! no just kidding i wish it was ^^ but it's just raining rain.. 
@glinda666 haha yeah all i've had here is rain 
my plants are happy about the rain...so much for my hike though 
I hate thunderstorms 
went for a ride but the rain showed up 30 min in 
@jodiekearns ooh, nice parasol! Not much use in the rain though 
i have the worst headache of my life. i blame the rain 
Now that the rain has stopped u can actually hear every single rain drop.Like someone forgot the tap.I hate it! I won't get any sleep now 
Please god rain down on sports day 
Preparing to go on vacations... with heavy rain!!! 
Getting ready for another week of rain 
@california_rain now i'm not going to get to meet him 
@draconian_rain wow it's ridiculous  every time I get used to stupid mangabullet they change and not for the better, I still can't log in
thunderstorm 
@kinnykins its raining. but ill cross my fingers and hope that it doesnt later  rain daw ruins your bearings
@jacarandas around here we just end up investing in rain suits, since it doesn't let up all winter 
i hate being alone in thunderstorms like this 
hmmmm.... Hopefully the rain will hold off. 
Carless in the pouring rain... 
oh no, school run in the rain grrrrrrrrrr 
fuck off rain!! 
exactly what we needed more rain and another storm  obscene bed time now
says i really need to go to the post office....rain rain go away  http://plurk.com/p/11131s
@andrew_chadwick spoke too soon re the rain 
back to bed... rain dance unsuccessful 
going to bed to more rain falling on my windowpane  i want summer
Its raining soooo hard!! So sick of this rain!   ughh
@jearle I know I've been craving rain all weekend but that would just annoy me 
The rain has returned, actual flooding on my doorstep 
commute in the rain 
Dogs were utterly unperturbed by the rain on the bonnie banks but so were the midges. Couldn't stay  http://twitpic.com/7gfs2
rain rain go away; come again . . . uh never . this rain is going 2 mess up my hair  the asians are about 2 take over [ my theory ] ;
HAving a great summer with rain! 
need to go get the washing off the line before the rain starts.. i hope it doesnt 
No rain after last night's thunderstorms. 
I'm back tweeps...awake &amp; ready. So what's up with u guys? I missed the rain, it stopped already 
headache, fever, rain..WTF!?! i officially hate this day..goodnite tweeps 
My cookies just floated away with all the rain... 
Is listenin to the thunder not looking forward to the rain that comin r way 
rain all week 
@sibbzz bahahahha yes please!! and hopefully it doesnt rain 
oh no, heavy clouds... I think there is a storm coming...It's my day off, I do not want rain!!! 
I'm very jealous that there seems to be thunderstorms everywhere but here 
feel ill  funny all since the rain started!
no more rain!!!  at least yesterday was nice.  and i totally missed the bbq festival. 
and now super heavy rain! im scareddddd 
MORE  rain  - and it appears that we'll have rain all week.  How are we going to manage to get any of these games rescheduled? 
wants the rain, thunder and lightening to go away 
@annebrittb have a good hike! Its pouring rain here. 
Just finished mowing the lawn - the forecast was for heavy rain but it turned out gloriously sunny &amp; hot! Looks like rain now, though 
Where's the beautiful day gone, rain and thunder now   http://yfrog.com/10lxkxj
ahh, fuck, time to get ready for rowing...In the rain 
has just had to walk home in the rain  but thinks the thunder is pretty cool
i hate it when in the summer you have very random outbursts of rain and you have to walk back in it 
says umuulan ng malakas.. huhu..  i really don't like rain.. gloomy.. http://plurk.com/p/1156u3
Just hanging out with @amybabbeey on a pair of swings when it starts to bloody rain 
back in germany...hello rain 
thunderstorm don't like it. 
ick more rain. 
its actual p!ssing down with rain in edinburgh! 
Where'd the effin rain go?! 
i want to sunbathe, but it hasnt rained yet, and apparently i should expect thunderstorms 
Hopes that big cloud isn't full of rain... I've just washed my car! 
a mourning dove that was nesting in my rain gutter went away 
Getting depressed at the ugly noisy hailstorm thunder and lighting rain outside 
is still a tad moist from the rain earlier 
i shut my blinds the rain is that bad 
@pickwick I love thunderstorms. But we never have them down here. 
is not v. happy about the rain!!!!!!!!!!!!! it cancelled my rounders match  boohoo
@elisehelene and there's been 12 days of rain out of the past 14 
Just as I stepped off the bus the rain started  drowned rat is not a good look
completely wet  played tennis in the rain, it felt good. hahaha  ..
Oh great, a thunderstorm, and it was so sunny earlier 
if crickets a draw cos of rain then england go out 
Where the bloody he'll has all this rain and wind come from 
All braced for the storm now its evening but it seems to have passed us by, not even a whiff of rain 
got soaked in the rain in edinburgh that day and now i've got the cold 
plz rain rain go away....let west indies play the game 
my hatred for rain is increaing by the minute 
has had enough of the thunderstorms now 
doesn't much like the thunder  but loves watching the rain...
i hope it doesnt rain i didnt bring my bandanna or rain jacket 
System going up the shit at work, very frustrating. enjoyed the thunder and torrential rain today. my converse are soggy though 
scattered thunderstorms??  . . .
wanting to go dance in the rain outside...don't want to catch a cold though  ...
I think we won't go out because of the freaking rain!! 
Oh joy more thunderstorms in the sunny south. Looks like softball with be victimized by another rain out 
wat a day heavy rain and thunderstorms carnt we have the nice weather bk  
I don't like thunderstorms 
 I hate thunderstorms!
fuggin rain. class till 10 30 
got soaked through by rain on my walk. not nice, all cold now 
i went to sleep &amp; it was sunny but woke up 2 clouds &amp; now rain 
driving home in the rain 
Thinks Bromsgrove has missed the rain thunder an lightning. Not fair *stamps feet* 
Why do I always seem to get stuck in the downpours! 
it's pouring rain and some ice  hope it won't destroy my garden like last year
@JLSOfficial im so upset i waited in the rain for 5 hours and u ran from us  we was the only 4 fans that came up and u ran 
I love watching thunderstorms... too bad it just finished 
rain stopped.  now i have to leave. (bye) http://plurk.com/p/116xle
Wow!!! It is scorching hot outside!!!! No rain for us any time soon 
eating spaghetti.....softball got cancelled  i hate the rain
@Cryophile LOLYOU.  But that's a good thing at least, right? No having to sleep out in the rain.
lots of rain here now. No thunder and lightning though 
downtown/beltline #yyc still hasnt gotten any rain yet 
hoping this rain doesnt last another week 
why did the rain stop? it cheated me into thinking it will be a great gloomy day. 
very intense thunderstorms keeping me awake now 
I wouldn't doubt we'll have 3&quot; of rain by morning 
The only thing that I can hear is thunder, rain , and the wind. And I'm home alone. 
the rain messed up the dish, couldn't finish my movie 
i like all the rain we are getting and the drought is over but this is impacting my stargazing...... 
i hate thunderstorms... 
off to shops in pouring rain 
Not wanting to put up a sold sign in the rain 
colds and cough + rain 
is ready for tomorrow's hangover. how i wonder how it would be?!? rain, rain, rain. I guess i won't be doing laundry after all 
i think all mumbai folks should collectively tweet about rain like a rain 'twance'... it's desperately hot 
unpredictable rain its the way again 
unpredictable rain on its way again 
so i just got drenched in the pounding rain. basang sisiw look. 
Getting stuck in torrential rain last night, coupled with our antartic air conditioning, is making me poorly 
Oh,It's a thunderstorm.  
says it was very hot during the day but now strong winds and rain...  http://plurk.com/p/11ay2h
@jebarajsamuel7 but when?? the rain goods r still on their vacation  
OK I need to do some other stuff around here.  If we hadn't had heavy rain yesterday I would be able to mow my lawn, grass is so long 
@jebarajsamuel7 but when?? the rain Gods r still on their vacation  
rise and shi....... rain 
Another dull overcast day  weather forecast is rain with sunny intervals at 4.00.... might risk a bike run about 3... ish
Is over training in the rain 
hates the rain this night.  http://plurk.com/p/11c8hg
@MarriageMan its been pouring down here all night long , tired of all the rain 
looks like rain.   but camp goes on, even in the rain.
Looks like rain to me 
The almanac may be true - another day of rain.  On the bright side, at least I don't have a sball game that would get cancelled.
http://twitpic.com/7je12 - I hate rain  especially when im at school :/ blahh
50% chance of rain in buffalo tomorrow 
@lonelycrowd I already am! Where did the rain go 
I hate the rain during schooldays. 
Really getting sick of rain  
Pretty sure my car is going to float away in all this rain 
another wetty and lazy morning with rains and thunderstorm 
stop rainingggg! i hate the rain. 
im tiredd  this rain should end!
@nippysweety  its a bit dreich here and we've had rain...
@dannyhoyt it twas the thunderstorm...it woke me up!!! sorrrryyyyyy. 
@jayandkevin  My snow blower bought it on the last big snow fall 
is enduring an electric storm.... great more rain....  
Its mid june but its still hot. NO rains 
#haveyouever drive in the rain?  http://bit.ly/HfqMP
enjoying evening sunshine apparently rain and win tomorrow!! 
is very sad to see that the rain created a ravine through her freshly planted grasses  how am i gonna fix that?!? ugh!!
very cliudy outside!!!  here comes the huge rain shower!!!!!!!!!!
Loves music and hot showers!!! So sore 
I couldn't avoid that thunderstorm got all wet  now I am freezing here in my office
Looks like another afternoon of rain.  I just want a week of solid sunshine so I can finish my damn dresser. 
hiding from the thunderstorm 
that rain came and went way too quickly 
More rain. It's really messing with the projects I want to do.  
I am at my lil sisters softball game sitting in the cold and rain  uhg
Isn't coldness, wind and rain just utterly delightful during the summer? 
weatherman says rain all weekend and hot and sunny next monday/tues. sounds like the usual: rain when I'm off, perfect days when I work 
it's rain and im bored! 
stupid rain! now my roof is leaking grrrrr 
My neck is hurting and it is storming... I'm thinking about me ski bag out in the pouring rain right now  eeeek lightning&amp;thunder!!
No signs that rain will stop. And water is dangerously approaching to my door 
Laying in bed listening to the rain. I have to walk to work  pray it stops.
had a dream all the snon got washed away by the rain 
had a dream all the snow got washed away by the rain 
I am so not looking forward to playing sand volleyball in the pouring rain. 
hates delivering in the rain 
frickin rain. i was ready to see some crosstown action 
Praying the rain holds off till after my run!!!! 
Why does the weather have to be so bipolar? This morning it was blazing hot, then it got cold and now it's all violent thunder and rain! 
At the dragons game... But there's a rain delay 
Ugh...i hate rain  it smells like worms lol.
@garpods22 it was a rain delay! sooo bummed!!! 
Bad news: the tarp is back on     we're back to a rain delay #reds
@jupitusphillip cubs was postponed because of rubbish rain 
standing out in the rain need to know if its over cause i would leave you alone. @mileycyrus  goodnightttworld.
@Gankaku but cold showers suck 
ugh!!! i don't like thunderstorms... 
@ThisismyiQ i was in bed all day too. lol not sick tho but becuz of rain. chi town weather 
@Dashgne we ended up getting a crazy afternoon thunderstorm, but then the rain went away  we need more rain on my part of the planet
I felt rain drops falling on my head, (you know that song) outside in my hot tub.  Looks like rain is coming our way 
We just had a bad rain storm and my basement is flooded. 
uggh;! can't go sleep because of this stupid rain 
Is home from school after this cold fukn rain  I know, you feel sorry for me haha jokes LOL
Looks like rain D:  
Its pissing d rain n i hav 2 walk dwn town 
The rain is bk 
Please make the rain go away   
Lots of thunder and rain here and now the shuttle is delayed.......again.  I'm going to bed. 
Is walkin down 2 work in the pissin down rain 
feels sad  I hate the rain.
walkies in the rain time 
i really really do NOT want to walk to work in this rain..  i can see it now hair drenched and black tears rollin down my cheeks!! booh
well,trust me to comment on the weather-its bucketing with rain now  Even my ducklings are hiding in the hedge.....
Ngg, I hate showers when it's cold. 
hates the rain and humidity in the Philippines 
I am sitting at work looking outy at the rain 
I am sitting at work looking out at the rain 
ah i hate newcastle so much its pissing it down here ah got to walk home in the rain 
@shayneTward aww whats the matter??? i hate rain 
the weather in glasgow is awful just non stop rain rain rain.......  roll on zante!! 10 days to go!!!
http://twitpic.com/7m0ld -  rain and cycling don't go.
Lot's of rain means intervals on the turbo instead of Cutgate 
wish the rain would stop 
right the rain can stop anytime now as I've done all my housework and want to play out 
so ragin its rainin out  rain rain go away
Thoroughly shite day here - relentless rain 
i hate hate hate rain 
idk what to wear. stupid rain just confused me. 
this raining, but i have no umbrella and am getting new glasses which will have rain splodges on the from the start 
Just let my dog back in from the garden, only to be attacked by the wind and spat on by the rain. 
Please rain! It's too hard to study when it's sunny 
forecast fr cubs wsox game: rain again.......  hope this is wrong
Shit look at that rain 
taken dog out, wet &quot;( blergh rain  cinema tonight to see the hangoverrrr 
Hates the rain! 
stood in the rain waiting 
i hate rain its shrunk my converses  well maybe leaving them in the dryer for 2 hours didnt help lol
off out braving it in the rain  i want summer to come back soon.....
got soaked in the rain. unfortch unlike in films it was just demoralising and cold 
Ah another day that looks like rain. 
is sat looking out the tipping rain wishing it was sunny 
is looking out the window at the pooring rain wishing it was sunny 
typical wales! rain again 
rain sucks 
Why why why why did I leave my shoes outside in the rain!? 
is working a golf outing.... in the rain 
Driving lesson in 15 and it's raining  I don't like driving in the rain 
here comes the rain.  dragging a bit this morning, need to pick up the pace.
@trohman want worse? visit ireland! 3rd year of rain in a row! 
workin' in the rain 
this rain is really putting a damper on my treasure hunting plans 
is lookin oot the window n the rain is bouncin of the road  !! x.x.
Why does everyone get rain apart from me? Not fair 
listening to the sad sounds of rain 
Just working in the rain. What fun! 
sick of this wind and rain 
@SamChampion i know!! 28 days with no rain.....*sigh* it was fun while it lasted....rained overnight here... 
what happen to the nice sun shine ???????? its all rain rian rain 2 day booooo 
@KryssyMartell aww poopie!!! 11 is when i have my only break  rain checkkkkk
eww i really dont like driving in the rain. 
workmen r doing the heating...had to walk home in the rain...now im wet and i cant get to my clothes  im sockeing but p.e got cancelld!
homeeee. looking forward to riding jerry. despite the rain.  why does it always rain? 
ohhhh how I hate rain 
soaking wet  feckin' rain
This rain better let up in the next hour, I'm not kidding... 
@awestace current forecast in wisconsin ... rain 
Just got to scotts house in the pouring rain 
you cant stop the rain from fallin but i cant stop my tears and heart from falling for you XOXOXOX i love you ...please? 
hmm, i hate rain 
rain rain go away please  lm feeling the need for a hot holiday with my hot guy and kids  xx
Feeling blue.... maybe its the rain... 
is thinking the weather is really crap  hope it gets better..hate the rain.
is chilling at home... rain 
not going cuz of the rain 
wanted to go out on her bike. But now can't cos of the rain. 
@ScruffyPanther ouch, big heavy scottish rain? I had a light shower on my walk home from work. 
I'm cold and wet from shopping in the rain  oh well I had a good time 
@stephenfry I was supposed to be watching my son's outdoor performance but rain cancelled play 
just installed tweetdeck, now off to go sailing in the rain by herself 
rain's ok once in a while, but when i see rain in the forecast for the rest of the week, it really blows 
Its not the motorbiking in the rain, its the having to get on a wet sadle and getting a wet bum 
@grahamplata wish I got off for rain... 
@xraleighx the rain ruined my day 
10 day forecast. showers, rain, fewer showers, showers, t-storms, showers, isolated storms, showers, scattered showers, scattered showers 
at work. staring out at the rain makes me sad 
so the rain is kind of depressing 
Boreddddd on set! In the rain... 
Not looking forward to waiting for the streetcar in the rain! 
i didn't take any this time.well actually there wasn't much of a storm.just a rain cloud.didn't last long 
jsut came back from dons house, had to walk in the rain  now eating chicken mangos and rice
i am NOT enjoying tihs rain 
oooohhh looks like rain, no walk for me... 
lookin out the window at the rain, wanting to go home, 
I don't want to leave my house while it's pouring down rain. 
 i don't like thunderstorms! just let me hide!
@jamiebentley oh no! looks like possible wind, rain, and thunderstorms for saturday  We will have to think about a rain date. hmm...
@NikiK at least you had the umbrella! I came in from blue-skied Darlinghust with no expectation of rain 
@mileyfashion i just saw your rain tweet, and where i live, we have a tornado warning. i wish it was only rain 
@MISSMYA unfortunately doesnt look like da rain will stop 
i hate rain and being sick 
i don't want rain for my b-day ! 
@blue_bunny @TurkeyHillDairy no icecream today it was too cold  im hating this rain ohman, the ground is soggy enough
&amp; the rain has come. no bike riding or photoshooting on the M5 tonight with @kranksy 
want to go out and buy lunch but its pissing rain... 
@babyt7 I have no guy to kiss in the pouring rain though.  Hmphh, so I'm still waiting! as;dlkjadg!
@aainapasricha I need u, I miss u loads! I wish u were here, we would be out in the rain if u were.  I get to see u in 2 more days, yayyy!
Is not looking forward to the incoming rain. 
hates this thunderstorm 
@jellyybeannn LOL yeah I felt abandoned  all alone in the rain. With a mic, and no support 
i cant sleep,there's a thunderstorm! 
back at work and the rain is pouring down 
I'm scared of thunderstorms 
Looks like rain 
@surfingbellie looks like the rain is set in for the week for you guys 
rain.. my only weakness 
loves the rain but cant sleep 
Damnit, more thunder, more storms, more rain. 
grr i hate the rain 
contemplating putting the doors on my jeep...looks like a good amount of rain is coming 
Danish summer is so depressing, rain,rain and lot of rain. Some times it feels like I'm living in monsoon  area. 
rain on my bday and pride 
great, the fucking rain cancelled my photoshoot 
@chefashbabe And they are calling for rain there all weekend 
...so did not miss the thunderstorms here. 
all this rain has me in a funk 
@STAWPITemily nm about to walk 3miles  in the rain
This rain is killing me I should stayed in boston 
@Bigiddy my dad put my apple 2e out in the rain 
Graduation day with rain. 
Is on a hill walk in the rain!  http://twitpic.com/7pby3
This rain has got to be a joke 
Not excited about all the rain to come our way 
started clouding up a bit in the noon. fingers, toes crossed for some rain 
@damn_que_mala i'll take the rain for $200 please lol. This humidity down here will kill ya 
rain go away ..  its already cold ... i miss summer dammm  xx
Aww wats with al the rain 
rain for the next 10 days 
i miss the snow 
ugh...all this rain is doing a number on my sinuses!!   #squarespace
(Kelly) rain, rain, go away...come again another day. 
I hate 2 be a downer but I am sooo sick of rain I may cry uncontrollably! 
rugged up !! hate this fucking rain. 
@rlabston I took the afternoon off and cooked out while we still had sun...another four days of rain on the way 
10 day forecast = rain. 
@mavybaby we may have to change our lunch date with all this rain 
bloody rain 
what a morning  rain sucks!!
Wow I can't believe it's gon rain 4 the next 6 days aparantly... Wtf is goin on! 
@jyce you wore them in the rain?  I have some new dunks. Won't wear them till it's less wet out. 
what made me think walking from 42nd to 57th in the pouring rain wouldnt be too bad..soaking wet from my knees down 
hope it doesnt rain! 
@djnfared @grynch206 @ryanonamission i officially can never live there guys...rain + damp + my cough + my broken bones = major owww 
just spent the last two hours in the rain, in shorts 
Sitting in bed on dis watching the rain fall outside 
up early for the mall.. stupd rain 
living life with the rain from forks without the cullen 
A lot of water just fell from the sky.. Not a big fan of the rain! 
Running on the boardwalk in the rain  sucks.
ran rain go away 
So sick of the rain   its making my students very cranky
@artkid I have alternate plans but they're going to be unpleasant with the rain  and I want to see you! I miss you!
we're suppose to have a cookout tonight and even though I love a good thunderstorm the rain is not good for the cookout 
Wishing it wasn't raining. I feel like being outdoors and I can't.  thanks rain.
@shardalatrise I'm definitely looking forward to it ... well without the rain  it's really bad outside
my doggy is scared of the rain 
Pretty sure the rain knocked out our internet here in the studio 
walking in the rain to weite geography final  another final i am going to fail 
I have to pack the car in the rain. It makes me not want to go. 
what an ugly day, i hate rain 
this sux that its gunna rain fathers day...so much for brunch outside  so sick of rain
Off to return some screenplays I borrowed. Wish I didn't have to journey out in this rain 
Just washed the car  and now here comes the rain 
thinking about rain dates 
hating this rain&amp;&amp;the fact that i am broke 
good morning! i hate rain 
Wondering when summer will EVER start!  rain again!
no sign of rain 
All this rain is putting a serious dent in my tanning 
is sad cause the ocean plans were cancelled due to rain. Yay for birthday rain 
I seriously can't take another second of rain....and they expect me to put with this all next week 
is at home not liking the yucky rain! 
I feel so SHITTY  I had to walk home from school in the rain after a prefects meeting. I'm all cold and wet...not.fun.
Watching the rain come down again 
is gonna go take a nap under the shade tree. looks like it's gonna rain, though.  I hate rain!
@hinkybinks yea it is my last wk for food... but its raining and its too far.. ugh! i hate the fkn rain!!! 
Too bad the forecast for the next 10 days is all rain and thunder! 
rain rain go away come again another day all the world is waiting for the sun 
http://twitpic.com/7q0x0 - At yankee game. In rain delay 
in the car eating sour patch kids. rain rain go away 
jimmy buffett concert! in the rain though... 
@elbowglitter we've been lucky here, all the rain has been in the middle of the night.  But then you can't listen to it while you read 
@samanthamarie OD'ing with rain is mean 
I love this rain i just wish i had @LyricalLaureate umbrella its bigger than mine 
stupid rain!! can we move the graduation to some other...climate?  #fb
@nickkibennett atleast you didnae have to walk home in all that rain! unlike SOME folk... 
Looks like the rain is back....ugh 
@RuuBabie and the rain aint helping one bit  i think im meltin
omgsh this rain is insane!!! wth it's supposed to be almost summer 
Its pouring rain and all i want is potbelly and its outside 
has just beeen caught in the rain  not happpyy as i got soakeddd! xxxx
Looks like I will be riding back home in the rain 
Why am I so scared of the rain  http://twitpic.com/7qan1
Lots of rain in the next days   That nice human lady really need to get started on my recycle gore-tex rain coat...
is missing thunderstorms 
Ugh stupid rain keeping me from my moneys 
The rain is putting a damper on my preparation for the big yard sale! 
Why's it gotta rain? 
rain delay everyone 
@supermacka no  i really want rain u.u the TV lie us 88
...  My jeans are soaked, I had to run through the rain.
Not playing golf in kentucky  stupid rain. http://twitpic.com/7qegr
@Rootedinstyle one here in mass. looks like rain though. 
I'm also still keeping my head above all the rain that's been falling in the past two weeks. 
We had a few minutes to swim and as soon as we got here the rain started 
off to run errands in the rain 
@KrisWilliams81 wishing for a little rain in the mojave desert. 
@followrain  I guess so... heyyyy rain!!!! how u doin?
Why does is always rain on scotland? 
When is all this rain going to stop!? I have fields of hay to harvest and can't get it cut and bailed. Ahhh 
sitting in a 12 mile backup because no one can drive in the rain 
I wish I had time for another shower. The rain made my hair gross 
I hope it doesnt rain tomorrow. 
another day of overtime and its still pouring rain 
ah rain is brutal --headache  naaaap
@nmcollins I don't feel like traveling out in the rain alone to get some. And I don't have milk or eggs to make any 
Why are thunderstorms so scary? 
I'm off to watch my son's soccer in the rain... I really don't want to go!! 
i smell rain !!! it rains in the night only 
@etoileenleciel I'm soooo pissed that they're predicting rain for prom night 
I hate the rain , I want it to be sunny again 
i hate rain! when is it gonna get sunny! 
All this rain is makin me depressSss  http://myloc.me/4mVo
@TracyCoxPhoto I love peonies!  I'm sad. The rain last night lashed mine down to the ground. They've fallen and can't get up. 
hates thunderstorms 
gym... hate the rain 
This rain is gettin me real mad how am I'm suppose to get some fresh air  tear
normally loves rain, but not this kind 
Another rain out for Nathion   hadn't had this much rain in west tx in a while
this rain really does something to you! 
@TayiaBaybie no I hade to go out in the fucking rain I was so tight 
listening 2 the rain. wen is it going to stop?????  i cant go outside cause of this damn rain
the storm is here - lots of rain and wind. i don't like it 
@dtagurit It was ok... yes the rain is nonstop   And how was your day?
well...finally gonna get high 80 degree weather in chi town but there's also gonna be a lot of rain and thunderstorms. I need to move 
The rain has actually been comforting lately... But there's no stars tonight 
wants the rain to stop 
@kimashton I would say you could come here, but there's rain heading our way 
It is lightning out here. There was even a thunderstorm warning! 
@wasservat- try walking through the city in the rain. No umbrella 
watchin some Tv... The red sox r in a rain delay 
Oh no!!! Its raining i hope it dont rain for the bonfire tomoz 
Home early from vacation....stupid rain 
@adecote @radseed I miss the snow 
rain rain go away. please dont ruin all my plans 
Hot weather  plus rain  equals humidity :-/ equals bad hair day {{{{{{{{{:-0
@a_snow: i miss you 
rain! it's raining  nevertheless: good morning. coffee... and a shower... don't mind the rain ;)
Its rainin  me no like the rain
making pirate frames this is going to be a big party hope it doesnt rain 
Nakende nonderju! I did NOT prepare myself and my bike to get soaked wet by this stupid rain 
Nothing like 1am pee trips out in the rain  i do love my dog but really why cant she sleep
hate thunderstorms 
am not keen on this rain. 
rain rain come quickly little gleny can't wait any longer 
watching the pouring rain from my window, another wet weekend 
And there might be a thunderstorm coming up. 
Not liking all this rain everyday   I need sunshine!
no snow yet 
I hate thunderstorms. 
@boygirlboygirl @Antiquebasket I think the rain gets to me tomorrow 
going to celebrate midsommar with friends. I guess it will have to be in the rain 
I hate thunderstorms 
O.A.R. concert tonite... The weather either needs 2 cooperate or get really bad. I dont want 2 b rocking out in the rain 
rain or shine defeated by ginebra..tsk! 
showers and t-storms predicted thru the weekend  
I hate rain..well only when I have to give tours in it  
This rain is killing my sinuses 
I hate thunderstorms. 
@chipcoffey Probably all the dang rain we're having is stirring up all the allergens... 
Getting ready to for out for a bit before the rain starts...again 
Wait, no I cant - I need to return my books in the rain  
hate it when i bring an umbrella out but there's no rain  blah
@amarita77 there calling for rain tomorrow 
This rain really makes me want to sleep all day 
The rain sucks 
is wondering whether or not it will rain tomorrow,,,,  nothing like a henna tent in the rain....
rain means no tennis 
@fiendicus No hail, just lots or rain! All gone now 
@KrisWilliams81 good for you I was going to go walking to day darn rain 
a week of rain is no fun 
So much time/$ on a new pool liner.... forecast = continued rain 
last day of school!!!  and its raining  after 29 days without rain! &gt;:| stupid seattle weather...
Looks like more rain 
Ugh! Another day of rain! 
we get one nice day then the rain comes again 
rain has ruined my day 
@jaceypants LOL we're supposed to get them this afternoon.  I've had enough rain for a weel
@musicaldyari me too....all this rain sucks tho...  
helping my parents as their basement flooded with all this rain! 
Off to a mtg with a florist and then hopping the train out to east hampton.  can't wait for all the rain to rtn this weekend 
I am very sad; the thunderstorm did not even touch where I was at 
is thinking - looks like rain. 
So glad I washed down the porch so it could pour rain down on it 
i don't like this humidity.  and rain tomorrow....not fun for a concert at an outdoor venue.
No @switchfoot concert for paigey  everyone i know left cuz the rain.
@zipvogreg My dog won't go in the rain either! I guess it would be kinda uncomfortable! 
@kirstiealley it's rain n winter here 
It raining  i usually luv rain, but not at a fair. It stops me from riding rides all nite. :'(
I love thunderstorms!  ahhh 
80% chance of thunderstorms and showers tomorrow. I would say woohoo, but I'm going to be working in it 
Doesn't look like we'll be playing football this weekend with all this rain. 
*sigh*  It's raining and I'm missing certain friends    Although rain is beautiful
The rain has stopped here in phoenix.  it was nice while it lasted. It sure cooled things down  JAVI
Hiding under the couch from the thunderstorm. 
This rain is going to make my hair drip 
#dontyouhate when you get a hair do and 5 min later the rain starts?! that just happened to me 
This rain is awesome... But i'm afraid to drive home in it 
This is either going to be a really long rain delay or a really wasted, much-needed offensive outburst for the Tigers 
i cant sleep  wish the rain would pee off!!
sick of rain 
i hate this weather!!! make the rain stop 
mowed the lawn before the rain comes back tomorrow 
ugh it looks like a lot of rain tomorrow 
Off to work! I don't like working in the rain  rain hair is an arch enemy of mine...
I hope my sayang won't get soak wet in the rain ... 
awee i want more thunderstorms.. 
rain ruined bonfire plans 
@lemongrassphoto is the alarm still going?  No wind/no rain isn't an indication of being safe. 
Really want subway for lunch, rain pissing down outside ... there will be no subway 
@kano20 this rain is gay 
its raining so hatd. I wish I wasn't driving. I wanna dance in the rain. 
@bjritter I'm so pissed right now. This rain/flooding/power outages are going to ruin my week to myself 
rain makes this day soooooooooooo boring 
@Theelgrego and my eyes rain 
i haaaaaaate thunderstorms 
hates thunderstorms 
@michellelynn69 lol. i love the rain! I was so hoping it wud rain here tonight. but mother nature was just a tease.  What kind of dog?
@nirmaltv wow awesome weather , damn still no rain in mumbai 
A short night I blinked and he was gone, early walk in the rain 
I keep seeing lightning every few seconds but there's no thunder or rain. 
just finished by first run in the rains ... feels so refreshing !  shoes are a mess though 
walking gaz's dof in the rain 
@DramaBeats it's stormy in ohio  i'm sitting here listening to the rain...
been in the rain for the last 4 hours at netball only to lose a really scrappy game 
stuck inside. stupid rain 
My car broke down and now I have to walk to work in the rain 
Massive thunderstorm interrupted our performance 
I want to go home, because I am very tired!!! The wheather is not good. It seem the rain is coming!  It has never been summer 
i looked outside and guess what i see...rain  its storming
is getting ready to go a gala in pouring down rain 
enjoying a well deserved weekend but the rain is pouring down outside 
http://twitpic.com/7kl6b - nope - no rain... 
as usual, one word from me and the opposite happens - hello rain ! 
i wish my friends had twiter  i hate all this rain we are having
its pouring with rain 
Holy fuck. What is with all this rain?! I have to work tonight also. 
cant go  cos the weather is tipical london weather  dark and rain rain rain (
wants the rain to stop!! 
Not going out tonight cos of the rain  I hate winter.
now this is getting ridiculous... the rain needs to stop so I can go to work watering some flowers 
the rain ruined my race  stupid weather.
sick of rain! 
@icthecords sunny skies this morning for the swim, thank god!leg feels better but rain is forcasted  for tomorow 
hate the damn weathergod. rain is fallin', skydive impossible 
im going to have a lazy day. was going to go to the hoppings but its raining  going on rides in the rain freaks me out lol
Getting ready for the race...in the pouring rain 
@LaLaaLouise Haha! awesome xD i'm good but i'm tired of the rain 
no electricity, no rain! and garmi!!  #fb
@EDDIEKLIVE  our forecast has changed, I think you will be playing in the rain my friend 
only felt a slight drizzle of rain in town  sigh...was looking forward to dancing in the rain! 
Oh come on. There was none of this rain crap before I got in the shower.  
Has came in from being out because of the ridiculous amount of rain. He is soaking! 
woke up, wanted to go shopping, but then realized it was gonna rain 
dear rain, go away 
Trench = dug, rain = fail  looks like I won't have electricity in the brewery today unless the rain quits.
@demdi I just looked at the weather for the upcoming week and it's all rain &amp; t-storms 
No game because of rain 
Another day of rain. It's not even funny anymore. 
I don't think they finished the game yet~rain delay again in the 7th inning. 
@BVGOFFICIAL if only there was something to do, and it looks like its gunna rain 
yep. rain again. 
Off to watch football in the rain   and it should be sunny!!!!
sitting watching the rain, things didn't turn out how i thought they would 
What gloomy things am I writing! ...This must be because of the rain outside 
@urtherevolution except for the rain....   but hell of a song to wake up to for sure!
stupid rain, hours cut at virtua for a fire!? and now I prob won't work outside either 
So much for sunny pool weather.  I'm getting sick of all this rain.
This rain is killing me and I'm definitely NOT going to the Phillies game in this weather 
@GivinUpTheFight there's supposed to be massive rain all weekend 
Trying to take the bebe to the zoo but it looks like rain 
gotta start to build the boat, it is going to pour down rain again 
grocery shopping before the rain comes 
@hanjeehyun also there's a lot of rain on this gay paree 
in the car boreeedddddd ipod on blast , rain rain qo away 
Who does a car wash in the rain?! I guess we do 
The rain ruined my zoo day 
p.a for the weekend, rain 
And here comes the rain again  boo!  This sucks!
Thinks that all it does in manchester is rain 
is hoping that all summer doesnt rain 
I absolutley hate the rain, it gives me horrible migranes and sore ankles. 
i am soooooooo over this rain!!  watching tv.
doing absolutely nothing with my life. rain rain go away, come again another day. 
I really wish there was a magical remedy that would stop this rain. 
The rain makes drivng to the office on a saturday even more dreary 
The smell of rains is here but no rains yet 
tired. zoo trip got cancelled cause of rain 
baltimore waste management didn't pick up my paper recyclables...now it's wet from rain   maybe i'll mash it into a pulp and recyle myself
good mornin twitdolls .. oh no! rain again 
this rain isn't any fun 
Running errands with a toddler in the rain is NOT gonna be fun! 
oh rain go away! it was supposed to be a pool day 
Furniture shopping for my brother. How much worse can this day get? It's already basically our own personal lake outside from the rain. 
someone do a reverse rain dance and send this shitty weather away!  #mermaidparade
I was really hoping it didn't, but this rain is killing my day already 
This rain is killing me...that's y my wedding have to be inside so much for a outside wedding. .  
wants to be back in Hedenham woods, even with the rain 
@psunshine this rain really does suck I'm going to the city tonight, but I'm starting to have a change of plans.  http://myloc.me/4FqI
A slight drizzle giving hope of rain....but to no avail...the wait continues 
Driving back and the rain is back  sun come back...
It's rainy this morning  go away rain!
let's loose a barrage of unprintable oaths at the GDMF rain that has yet again spoiled his camping &amp; fishing plans. 
home from workk. yuckie rain 
_@ wOrk! , rain all day... 
@s3xybrownskin1 its light rain 2day 
so sick of the rain, ruined my camping plans 
Studying for math  *GROAN*! and lovin' the rain 
@janaeyanicole omggg sis.. the rain blew ours 
Its days like these when i dont like the rain 
At the royals  game in the rain 
@kernahr5 habourmaster? Just been to lifeboat house to see real thing  In the rain... 
Loves summer, but hates the rain 
rain all day makes me a saadddd panda. 
walking to the store in the rain...again   
forecast:  rain for the next century.... bahhh, when is it ever going to end?  
It's 4:09pm eastern time and yet again its rainin ah no good  im tired of rain i hope it dont rain 2morrow i got big plains &amp; wild dreams
@bkzzang yeah. It sucks  rain stopped for a moment though
@maineattraction sorry about the rain delay 
 I'm so ill after getting wet in the rain for three days..... xD but I don't  regret..it was awesome x3
@glorianatheband  we'll do the .. anti-rain dance for you guys! &lt;3!
blah blah rain rain go away 
uqhh rain ... now ima april baby and the rain is depressinq to me ? somethinqs wronq with that 
I really do not enjoy thunderstorms 
Couldn't sport the new shoes cuz of the rain 
I love all this rain!! shame its not cold out too 
Not feeling so hot. I think its H1N1 or being in/out of the rain all week. 
i'm so freaking miserable  allergies suck. rain is depressing. i've got nothing to do.
trying to drive home in torrential rain   it's like a hurricane...
The rain ruins my plans. 
I'm seriously hoping for some sunny days, rain is too depressing. 
another dark gloomy rainy day.  rain rain go away never come again another day.
Hating the weather going from super hot to pouring rain  not nice
woke up to beautiful rain then remembered i wanted to take brods for a scoot! 
looks like rain coming in again after all 
Hating the  rain  when will it stop  oh well going out with friends  hit the  cell
@alliedeex3 aww i know! i felt bad because i didnt see it til way late   rain check!!!!
Whats up with all this rain. I feel kinda gloomy 
Hoping no rain, roof has small leak 
my belly hurts.. ate too much spaghetti lol 2 fish was washed out of my pond  stupid rain storms.
waiting at ducks stadium  in the rain
sad cos of all the rain 
I hate driving in the rain. I hate being a passenger more. 
I hate the rain.   Both here at home and at the us open.  What better to do than watch golf on a rainy day but oh no it's not to be 
Just saw a couple holding hands and skipping in the rain. I want someone to be cute with.. 
i'm so tired and it's either from the rain and darkness all day or sleeping in. 
so sad...i think it's cuz of the rain but who knows 
ugh silly rain delay... It will be a long night 
@ariannamartinez we can't take pictures in the rain. 
raining again  fuck the rain lol
@familyhart We have rain in the forecast--in 8 days.  We'll see if it it even comes--it *has* to come.
Ugh its raining in salem I have driving in rain 
@poohbear404 It's looking real dead  do to the rain
@JewlLee if the rain outside wasnt making me all lazy you would of been here 
@melissakeyes Hey - sorry we failed on the clean up!  between the rain and a jacked up foot, we just couldn't make it... #562citylife=fail
Here comes the rain... At least things should cool down now. I have a heat rash! 
@VegetarianGirl1 its pouring rain 
yuk this rain 
is sick of this bloody rain 
argh... the rain stuffs my inter net 
the rain is makin me feel blue 
just rode my moto for an hour in the rain! frostbite 
@djdeliver I know what you mean about this rain... it rained in boston, its raining in ny....  all i brought were summer clothes! lol!
bored.....same cloudy day again..no sign of rain 
On the way to th rain city of indonesia. 
http://twitpic.com/7znjc - staring @ the rain~~dreaming of a better tmrw 
has not tweeted in a bit.. heading out into the rain soon 
Cricket off agian 2day - not happy with all the rain that is falling 
@darraghdoyle we have a sick child who probably won't fare well in the rain  fingers crossed that weather improves!
more flags, more fun... more rain. 
I'm going to cook a quiche while looking at the summer rain 
Really hoping it doesnt rain 2moz... cause then they won't film the ad and i will have to go to school 
rain, rain go away!!! excited for camp. but I don't wanna pack my stuff. headache.  excited for concert.
its raining  but i would rather have the rain then the heat and humidity
would like to have fun with my friends.. i hate the rain 
@DubarryMcfly aw  the weather crap here too stupid rain! dad's had snow out in the falklands lol rather have that than rain! xx
listening to the rain on the conservatory roof 
looks like rain! 
has never been to the snow! 
sitting inside up @ 6am staring at all the rain outside 
this rain needs to stop so i can start making more money. 
is filming in the rain tomorrow. 
Curses clouds and rain 
oops, i meant 15 out of 17 days of rain! rain damn it, rain!! and I mean 17 out of 19. I m using the acer and the letters are small 
played 1 and a half hole - then got rain like hell 
@TheRealLeek @LilMissStevey lmfaoo me and steve's not feelin well cuz that stupid as weather yesterday all that rain 
listening to the rain &amp; feeling shit 
I see a ginormous rain cloud 
tired of all the rain... gods must be crying again 
off for a run in the middle of a rain storm 
back from work, the rain fucked up the hole festival 
@jmcpherson Wicked funny - I was thinking the same thing, I sure could use a break from the rain 
off work now.....driving in this horrible rain. 
just got caught in the stupid ass rain im soakin' wet and pissed 
waiting 4 snow leopard - it hides 
@miss5678 lol remember we were suppose to practice then the dam snow storm came, then it kept snowing and messed our scheduel all up! 
So sick of this rain 
I need a rain cover for the tent  hopefully the boys will sleep in that tent or tarp will work! white trash, for sure
The rain followed me home n won't leave 
rain sucks! i can't go out.. 
So, 15 - 20 mm of rain tomorrow = no golfing 
I getting fed up of washing his car in the rain 
No more rain!!! Yay!!!!!!!!! that means more school...boo.. 
It has been so hot all day and now the rain is lashing down, just as ive put my trampoline up! What are the chances! 
In starbucks hiding from the pouring rain when I got no umbrella or jacket  ha x
wishing the rain would go away for just a day..... 
what a great day: dirty shirt, gossip-classmates and rain.. 
i feel AND look like a drowned rat, pissing rain! 
Why we can't seem to merit a thunderstorm here is beyond me. 
--  we were standing out in the pouring rain.. We were sitting on top of the world..  --   summer sucks      --
@a_snow:  aw i really hope you can go. I'm very excited. But you might not be able to go and emily probably can't go. This is making m ...
the honest truth is i want it to beeee hot outt. im done with the cold and rain 
trapped at starbucks by torrential downpour - and didn't bring laptop 
There's a monsoon. That's not too great for a person who's afraid of rain.   I'm scared
@a_snow: most likely.  i wish she could go 
It was pouring rain for a few minutes and then it suddenly stopped 
Reading about other people getting tstorms right now is depressing. 98 degrees here w/ no chance of rain for at least a week. 
my foot got wet     i hate rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!can anyone stop raining??
thunderstorms and torrential rain in the south-west eh? That'll be #glasto. 
I hate the rain when I'm in a car 
school now...and the rain's going away. 
Wishing the relentless gray days of rain would end 
grrrr rain delay for tiger and longhorns 
rain delay for #cws 
So tired of the rain  hope the sun comes back out soon.
rain rain go away. i wanna sun tan lah! 
@AmazingGreis the game is on rain delay for now 
@ekieki its been the 2 or 3 weeks of nonstop rain here ! 
http://twitpic.com/88mzk - Needs to be curled again after a day of rain and humidity. 
Since the classes started,i read maths stuff and chain smoke and run away from the rain. The weather is sooooooooooo shitty 
Struggling to get up this morning. Seems the wind and rain is getting worse. I feel for the people who don't have shelter 
@x3strawberry I checked weather channel. It said 80 but rain all day 
@g0ldensunsett aww too bad I white as snow lol and if I laid out I would turn tomato red 
forgot his umbrella somewhere........got drenched in the rain and now feeling cold 
more rain and wind - hope people less fortunate survived the onslaught last night 
The rain is here...finally!!! hate the muddy water though 
wants to play in the rain with YOU... 
@sovereignradio  We could use some night rain though, my water butts are empty 
rain. rain. go to spain. never show your face again. j/k.. please stop, just for tonight, i beg of u 
@andreaclear about 80% of the country is deprived of timely rain, where to go?  result of global warming. wonder when the ppl will riseup
my showers broken 
@aidakrgin I hope you are right , but just heard on radio strong winds and rain tomorrow 
crap, 40% chance of rain all afternoon....I have to drive the car 
:: Finally a day without forcasted rain, but I'm too exhausted to enjoy it because abbey didn't sleep. 
because of thunderstorms expected 
@nantucketartist its the rain.  It really is hampering peoples moods. 
argh. thunder. rain. was calling for cloudiness earlier this week so I hope it stops otherwise i might need to pick another date 
Thanks to the stupid thunderstorm I don't get to enjoy my last day at the lake. 
@kerri_louise aww  i like the rain but the sunshines better  xxx
Holy thunderstorm! Too bad I can't enjoy it  ...
this thunderstorm ruined my plansss 
hoping for good weather tomorrow! ahhh no rain or thunderstorms please 
@rosstrich Where do you live that you get to keep tweeting about rain? I haven't seen a drop 
@bradiewebbstack i love the smell of rain  how are u ? xox
@sthursby I am doing well also. I am defiantly getting fed up with this snow though 
- all the snow is gone... that didn't take long... 
@therock247uk The snow is very pretty 
Another amazing night...drivin n the rain  love it 
@jayjayuk1 nice  i wish i could do that too.. but i guess it wouldnt be the same in pouring rain ^^
very hot here.... like in a hot baking furnace.... hope the rain comes at nite for a good sleep. 
is wondering why it rains every weekend here, at least I can enjoy the rain 
I love the smell of rain in the spring! 
Watching the rain drops &amp; thinking happy thoughts 
@bethemily the rain is okay with me because its nice and calm on the patio. The rain only adds to this setting. 
@nickTML so we walked 5 miles in the pouring rain to find the damn venue for tom..so stoked 
*yawn* rain = no can run = no point in waking up before 9! 
@ruhsa hehehe-grown up cartoons - formula 1 racing in the rain 
#f1 hammilton is the king of rain... come on! 
@monkeyknopfler It's always more fun to watch races in the rain for me.  #f1
...wonders whether the first game will go ahead tomorrow because of the rain 
@BecaBear I know!! It will be the best day ever  It had better rain!
oh hello there rain!  you make me happy now
finally made it! @WinterPark 39&quot; of new snow  better late than never!
ohh what lovely weather were having hope it stays like this now forever  no rain ever again!
I'm watching cartoons and feeling grateful. I &lt;3 the rain, the rest can wait. 
I just love the rain. It cools everything down and it gives out a sad romantic vibe.  
its been pouring with rain for 2 days maybe we wont have water restrictions after this rain i hope so 
Is having a good time because of the rain 
Anyone want some rain? It just won't leave us alone here - weeks of inundation! 
horrible dreams, now poring rain...must smile and be positive 
I stood in the rain without an umbrella waiting for my train 
rain rain go away!!!!!!!!!!! hope owners don't mind some muddy paws when their furry kids come home today 
@joniruhs  yep!  rain and snow predicted for my birthday...blah.  at least i have something sparkly on my hand  
http://twitpic.com/4drow - I took pichaas of the rain. 
@gwenix welcome to chicago! at least you've made it here during a break in the rain. 
It's good that we are going to have rain tomorrow 
More rain... LOTS of thunder 
Bowls before the rain   http://twitpic.com/4e451
@andyclemmensen haha, its pouring down rain here too 
@avaloncole your at cream right now. in this fabulous rain. hope your having fun 
Watching race coverage on the news before we head out for the 5k.  The temps are great - and the rain isn't dampening my spirits!  
a break in the rain!! speed weeding of flower beds &amp; hope that more rain holds off long enuf to get yard mowed (and baled!  
Going garage sale shopping in the rain 
@RowdyKittens not exactly joining you in the hoping-for-rain thing...  
wow, showers are wonderful 
saturday! and the sun is shining after a week of rain 
Enjoying the nice rain in oklahoma 
It's raining again kind of a snow rain mix  crazy. We're like 200 from san fran.
@JT1931 see. rain is good. enjoy it. 
I love the sound of rain on the roof 
it looks like rain - my determination is fading 
gardening in the rain isnt much fun, think ill stop for now and go to the garden centre for some inspiration instead 
It's has been raining here for the last 3 days but ,the way I see it, if you want the rainbow: you gotta put up with the rain. 
@nelsonmaud overcast with a chance of rain 
@hipEchik am on my second cuppa (almost done) - one more and I'll be right as rain 
going to an outdoor babyshower in the rain 
@annwhit rain tomorrow apparently.lol 
time to venture out into the rain 
rain rain go away i want 2 buy my converse today 
@tyleruoe Just come to long island and sell CDs  haha the rain already passed hereee.
http://twitpic.com/4il3y - Looks like rain 
just chilling... highlight: i danced in the rain 
loves the rain 
hello rain 
the rain bring back some memories 
It's raining that fine rain!!! U know the fine rain that wets you the most 
@SimonFilmer Alough I will hold you to your word now for when I need rain 
@nnaa the rain was pretty nice. I only have 150 meters of cobbles on my way here 
Ahh saved from mowing the lawn by the rain  Now I have plenty of time to go kayaking. Blessed are the rain gods!!
Strong winds. More than than the rains, I'm ready to embrace darkness that accompanies even a drizzle. Such a pessimist 
@tomsorrells I know we need it but I'm not a fan of daily rain/humidity &amp; I'm a native. I'll enjoy dry while it lasts. 
@Izzndsophtv i want to experience snow  we don't have snow here and it sucks
its raining!! gng for rain dance 
@pricelessrock i'm doing good. i enjoy the rain  i hope you are well too.
The rain outside motivates me to sleep. 
@tcar http://twitpic.com/4jjlc - I love it! If it's pouring rain, I still want to go. 
despite rain, having a fantastic day 
@rose_ville  yay green!  It certainly makes all the rain worth it.  And it's nice and cozy being indoors, knitting 
clean up day was awesome  portuguese feast was EHHH. lol rain is icky and thunder;lightning is scary
listening to the falling rain...lalala 
@mariromani http://offf09.media140.com/?p=131  then you must have been there when these four guys sat in the rain!
@zelciia weird. I tot it will usually rain east coast first. And east coast usually gets more rain. 
3:31 loved the rain this morning,  
rain drops keep falling on my head.. 
@doctorbond if you meant to heavy rain n flood in bkk last night, lucky I was out of bkk 
@renagades Have a great day..... if the rain keeps up I may go swimming instead of dining here 
@sandyhc83   It'll be a beautiful wedding though, indoors or out, rain or no rain, because of all the love and happiness!! 
i rode the motorcycle under heavy rain and flood,apparently i wasn't handy enough,so i had a little accident and a beautiful swollen leg 
I can't wait to fall asleep to the rain tonight. 
we got very little rain here. in fact it has all but stopped.  i think it's supposed to be sunny and warm tomorrow. i will be sleeping 
Positive effect of rain: my shoes are clean again 
Listening to the rain...so very relaxing. Wish I was at home cuddled up with my honey right now 
is layin in bed enjoyin thee rain..i love thunderstorms at night 
right i'm off to uni, have a lovely day beautiful people, despite the rain 
It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring! I love the sound of the rain 
Hating the rain but loving life 
Finally got some good rain yesterday.........hopefully it'll continue so our grass won't be brown anymore 
@spacecitypaula The rain really helped the garden didn't it?  Let me know if you need to unload some extra goodies 
it's snowing  but not enough to make a snow ball =(
@StarrGazr yup, I get that too. So it's either pollen or the rain. No escape this part of the year 
yay it's thundering outside! how i LOVE thunderstorms 
there is lightning &amp; thunder &amp; rain in new jerseyy. YAYY 
i love thunderstorms!!!! 
listening to the rain.. falling asleep 
@nikku ahh.. Sounds like you should wander around in the rain and see where it takes you 
loves the rain  http://plurk.com/p/uab6g
If u want it to grow into a flower, then you have to be able to put up with the rain. 
Loves lying in bed listening to the rain 
This rain ruins my plans of walking to ambers for 11 errrmmm motherrrr pleaseeeee give me a lift 
Going 4-wheeling    in the rain though  =(
enjoyin bangalore rains... ahh they do come sometimes 
done with the pouring! no more rain for the day i hope!!! 
@vinuthomas Thats why the old cable is still most the reliable thing, rain or shine quality is same 
@deucehartley lol, i know - am beginning to think rain is the forecast for life here.  hoping for the sun 2day!
wow i love showers. it's not the showers themselves, its the way they make you feel afterwards. 
if it dont rain...emerald point 
online shopping. saves going out in the rain 
sitting out on my porch enjoying the rain 
Hiking in the pouring rain for about 3 miles was fun. I'm drenched now though.. 
@amber_rae oh my so pretty  I would love your city too! it's pouting down rain and cold here!
@kourtnifaith lol, rain is gooood. 
's hair is frizzy cause of the rain... But she still loves natures showers  its a beutiful day!
had great fun at the zoo despite the rain 
its the good rain  - you know that stuff you get when there is no wind! i like it  http://tumblr.com/xqx1syyt1
listening to the sound of the rain hitting my window 
The rain sounds so sweet tonight. 
rain again!! hahaha!! 
@crochetgal - rain coming up apparently according to weather person 
Sitting in my car listening to the rain. So lovely 
@ginger_tiger I got to work before the rain too  They gave lots of rain for later so I prob won't be able to avoid it, grrrrr.
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain  I like watchin' the puddles gather rain   ? http://blip.fm/~6iolb
just played tennis in the rain 
Going to bed, listening to the rain on the roof. Ahhh bliss 
@rain_girl i'm on holiday - can get any better! 
rain :@ think I'm just gonnna stay in my cosy bed and watch satc  xxxx
@sweetemmaxxx have fun  its raining here too, you're not the only one with rain :L bye xx
blessed rain, keeps me indoors and packing 
@Robertsykes @santibanez Drive safe...you know 95 is full of those northern drivers that have never seen rain before 
Waiting 4 d approaching thundrstorm. I LOVE thunderstorms!!! 
it s raining here...   love the smell of rain on the earth.... 
its raining... love the rain... want to soak under the rain... afraid to get sick.. still, the rain is nice... 
I'm craving poison kisses. In the rain. 
abnormalities in the rain 
loves playing tennis in the pouring rain. 
Just walked home in the rain, it was amusing being hit by hail 
its pissing down with rain yay has to go to work in an hour mehh 
i believe the storm has cleaned my outdoor stairs. thank you heavy wind + rain 
Drenched in water from the city rain. Now I feel like smiling 
@DingleFilm thanks. If the rain stops so we can shoot it'd help! 
Walking dogs in rain this morning was not bad at all 
music and rain. perfect combination 
Praying for rain, so I don't have to mow the lawn  and is starting to get it.......slowly
what made the trekked special yesterday was when we're almost @ top, heavy rain poured &amp; soaked us all wet  it was a challenge!
I'm just in love with the rain! Only if there was lightening and thunder! 
will we have another blackout through the night? rain and wind have eased for the moment - still more to come so I'm told. 
Completly wet,but in the bus now  hoping,that the weather is going to be better tomorrow,don't wanna walk through hamburg in the rain...
@YourWxToday my wife and i are trusting rain will wait 'til wknd is over before dumping on ky and in 
The rain is fleeing from us tomorrow.  (you are very welcome @spencertroester) ha ha
Nothing beats laying in bed listening to the rain... 
thunderstorm 
what rain? from where im standing its all sunshine 
clean sheet on my bed and rain outside... i should sleep great tonight... 
I am sitting on my couch watching the rain. 
Congrats to @watsono on his first shooting session - awesome success despite the rain! 
it's sprinkling. nooo, crusin grand tomorrow! rain, rain go away.  summer should be good 
The rain has cooled the walk. It's so peaceful to hear the drizzle. It calm's my mind. 
rain during graduation would have been dope...  would have been even better on top of the ridiculous stores me &amp; @tokyochaos were having
there's lightening so the rain soon after will surely put me bed. lemme get ready 
I loveee thunderstorms &amp; lightning.. There's some gorgeous lightning striking now-like nothing I've seen in a long time 
Sitting in the thunder and rain 
Sitting in my room with all the lights off watching the the thunder and rain. It's frightening but wonderful all at the same time. 
I woke up to get some water and it's pouring out and it's really making me want to just go outside and dance in the rain 
@jarod_ I have a raincoat for them. I luv taking photos in the rain 
between gym and rain a wet start to the day. business as usual then communion service at 6 followed by madama butterfly 
showers are so much better when you can get your hair wet haha 
the rain is pouring down, pouring down.. I'm getting high tonight with boxes of chocolates 
@babydoll20 And enjoy the rain.... 
loving the rain... off to take a nap.. 
i can hear the rain now...... i forget it's a rainy day again..... 
i can hear the rain now...... i forgot it's a rainy day again..... 
