Most common words for this cluster:
[('rain', 737), ('day', 112), ('rainy', 88), ('today', 55), ('weather', 26), ('days', 21), ('morning', 17), ('sun', 16), ('http', 16), ('com', 15), ('sunshine', 14), ('wet', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Rain', 0.9845737218856812), (u'rain', 0.73389732837677), (u'Rainy', 0.6827617287635803), (u'Heavy_rain', 0.6648046374320984), (u'heavy_rain', 0.6404964327812195), (u'Downpour', 0.6388125419616699), (u'Wet_weather', 0.6267097592353821), (u'Wintry_mix', 0.6138079166412354), (u'Thundershowers', 0.6104229092597961), (u'Unseasonable', 0.6072162389755249)]





@LOLTrish hey  long time no see! Yes.. Rains a bit ,only a bit  LOL , I'm fine thanks , how's you ?
Wet hair in my eyes. 
Rainy day in boston 
Oh no, it looks like it's going to rain, and I have neither a jacket nor an umbrella with me.  Rain right through Easter, too 
Rain, what? I was gonna two-wheel it to the SC office today. 
Rain, rain, go away... 
Rainy day 
Rain is soothing... but why is the weather so beautiful on work days and so damp on weekends 
Rain, rain go away! 
Rain is so nice. However, I want to go run 
Rain rain go away!  Cloudy and rainy in GA. 
Rainy day... 
Rain     hope it stops soon
Holy crap! Thunderstorm my ass! This is more like hurricane betsy! I just know my backyard is under water again.   
Rain Again            Rain has destroyed even the 12-12 
debating the Taste of Forsyth activity.  Rain is predicted for all afternoon. 
Rainy day  better today than tomorrow though.
Rainy dayy 
Rain...always raining.......this town seems Blade Runner movie...... 
Rainy monday...perfect day to stay in bed...too bad I got to go to work. 
Rain all day means that I need to use the elliptical later 
Rain  the floors of my car looks like a swimming pool
Rainy days make me wanna nap 
2 group presentations, 1 study session, Rainy day... all on 4/20 
Rain...go away 
Memories and Rain; Ahhh!!! I am missing all of you yaar 
Good morning people's twitterland! Rain and wind in my town today  Where is the spring, damn!?!?
@zenametal The weather pretty much sucks here right now. You're not coming back to sunshine. Rainy, foggy, yucky. 
doesn't want to work tomorrow  Rain rain go away!
Rain having me think  I might need to reschedule a client (need to walk a good while) and boys soccer whill cancel 
Rain  how very ordinary.
I had to get up at 5:45 this morning to be at work. Fun Fun   Rain Rain gooooooo away!!!!!!
Oh. Great. Rain. 
Going out tonight. Oh Rain go away, I need to watch the match. 
Rain, rain go away. You're messing up our yard sale. 
Rainy day = studio day.... No horseback riding 
Rainy ass day- stuck in my room - 2 finals and a long ass paper due  someone rescue me from this!!
Going shopping! Rain rain go away come again another day. 
Paying bills &amp; staying indoors since it's raining. Rain is not good for allergy sufferers. 
Rain rain go away, come to WA on another day 
Rain rain go away, dinggggggggggin 
Please let it Rain! 
Rain again 
Rain rain go away come again another day 
Raine Rain go away..come again another day 
Rain rain go away come again some other day! 
Rain rain go away! 
Rainy bamboozle day  I'm tiredddd.
Rainy sunday 
Rain Rain go away@ home watching the rainfall 
nasty day outside.......Rain rain go away 
Rain and girls aloud missing the top ten. Great 
Rainy night, school tomorrow 
Rain, rain, go away .... I want to play tennis this week 
Rain + Clouds = The Ohio Valley 
Rainy week 
Rain sucks 
Rain rain go away 
Rain...  In Turkey??
Ah British Bank Holiday! Rain and my neighbours arguing then  sigh
Rain Rain Go away 
We Meerkats cannot suggest insurance or be kept nicely as pets  http://www.petmeerkats.com/  Rain make us bored too ;)
Rain rain go away come again another day  -PrinceMitchell
@Ashika_Sunshine  I figured that... But I ended up taking my cousin to work in the Rain anyway...    But hit me up 
Rain... please leaveeee 
http://twitpic.com/4jjbl - Bummer! Rain doesn't cancel events but it will practice, like today's 
Long long day today   i hate the rain! Rain rain go away...
I kind of want to kick Mother Nature in the crotch right now.  Rain- Rain- go AWAY.  Please?? 
Rain, rain, go away, come again another day! 
Rainy in colorado.  on the other hand if there was rain yesterday it would have been a disaster.
Its starting to Rain in Seattle. 
Its starting to Rain in Seattle.  (via @MyWashingtonSt) aww that sucks
Rainy dayssssss are here 
Rain hmmmmm  listening to 4 seasons
So dark this afternoon..  i'd love to hear Dan Masquelier sing Rain, Rain.. Come again another day. It's cold and i need some warm hugs*
Rainy day 
Rain &amp; freeway accidents = get my rear in gear. 
Rain Rain come our way, the heat it killing us all the way 
Rain rain go away.  Come again another day!  
is kinda glad her alarm went off when it did - no way was I finishing that sad dream!  Rainy outside...I hope it stops soon.
I'd would rather work late than imbrace the cold outside. Wind + Rain = 
I can't be bothered to do ANYTHING today. Rain makes me feel sad. 
Rain aagrh! 25 miles off road on the bike does not seem like a jolly prospect 
@danlawson Rain, more rain, and even more rain here. 
call out the instigators because there's something in the air! Rain stopped gardening  #fb
Heavy Rain with ice stones in Electroniccity... Power cut here 
Rain is evil. That is all! Booooo @ it 
Rain is pretty heavy here... knew the sunshine wouldn't last. As you can tell, i'm avoiding revision  Its so annoying.
have I mentioned the weather sucks here? Rain,Sun,Rain,Sun,Rain,Sun, get the picture? UNREAL! Can't do anything today! 
Rain rain go away..I wanna get a tan sumday  @home wit sis chillaxin. Havin my morning hunni ^__^
Rain again... 
it's SO depressing looking outside    Rain, rain, go away...
@leeannedouglas The Rain is soooooo bad!! 
Just got back from the beach! Rain is coming in...  #fb  http://bit.ly/zloGz  http://twitpic.com/5dhpw
Rainy day.  mall later maybee?
Rain..lightening...thunder (cuddle weather....yet no cuddling)!  ?
Rain sucks! My poor car is filthy and I can't wash it! 
Rain is good, except after spending three hours detailing my truck 
says crappy weather here this morning   Rain one minute, sunshine the next.  Chilly and windy.  Sometimes I ... http://plurk.com/p/ui6il
Rain rain go away come again another day 
Rain = no running on the beach 
Rainy days &amp; Mondays always get me down 
Rain rain go away. 
Rain stopped play 
Typical. Rain stops and sun comes out just as I walk back into the office. I am totally drenched. And my lovely brolly is a bit broken 
Rain rain go away I need to move my bed today 
Rain rain go away, come again some other day...Ugh, it's suppose to rain all week. Logan home sick 
@BsAsgrl all week? come on  Rainy days make me feel bad
Wet and windy, not looking forward to my ride home 
just got in from a walk. Rain rain rain!! 
Rain is pouring down  wont step outside the door today....
Rain rain go away! 
Thunderstorm!!! it was soo scary 
Rain, rain go away. You're messing up my vacation plans. 
Rainy memorial day weekend! 
@radiojayde Where are heading? Hopefully somewhere without Rain!!! I was going to head to Nashville but I think i'm getting sick.. 
@ForeverbyKylene Rainy! and gloomy 
Hate Cold Rain 
Going to see the boy soon, hope mr busman doesn't look at my pass! Rain upsets my soul greatly 
Rain rain go away 
Rain, rain, go AWAY, cause Heather wants to play 
Rain, rain, rain... So cold and wet 
Rain, rain, rain  Thanks for the summer, short as ever.
Rain, sand and kids do not mix! I'm sooooo over this rain and sooooo don't want to get a needle in 25 mins 
Rain rain go away 
 Rain stopped a few minutes ago. I noticed that every time I cheer for the rain while it's raining, it stops. I shall not cheer next time.
Rainy day today.  No car so we're stuck in the house   I needed to go to the post office too...bastards
Rainy day is rainy. 
Rain finally arriving, drat. Guess this means we'll have to picnic in the living room instead of at WolfTrap tonite. 
Rain Rain Rain go away come back next week when I'm gone (via @GigglingMarlin) raining lie crazy in the Keys 
No fair tonight. Rain. 
Rainy day in Philly  looks like it's gonna be a movie night.
Rain delay 
Rain is moving in from the west. Thwarted plans for a wee nap outside 
Rain on my parade of beer and fire 
Rain pls go away! 
Rain. Carrie you should be here  http://twitpic.com/68g8m
Rain has stopped me from picking up my comic books. 
Rain  again
Soggy pancake... Not good. 
Rain stop...it was a time...i am tired of his exclusive school lessons  ...I wanna Energy...
Rain delay at little league 
Rain ment no walk for the puppy 
And the daily Rain/Thunderstorms come rolling in... yay!  
Rain, rain go away........so tired of the rain. 
Rainy saturday cloudy sunday.  im sick &amp; tired of the weather. 
It's been raining since yesterday. *sigh* Rain depresses me 
Rain water leaked in and ruined a box full of new books  now deal a the land lord and get him to fix it. Ya right 
Getting ready to go to work ugh i dont want to go.  It is sunny and nice out today.  Rain for the next 2 days 
Inactive fox is inactive. Rain kept me in the den. 
did yoga (dvd), made breakfast (melon, poached eggs, english muffin with homemade jam) and played 10 sets of Wii tennis. Rain today 
It was supposed to be sunny and nice today. Instead we had Rain, Wind and HAIL... HOLY!   
Boo. Rain cut our bike ride short  Now back to cleaning....
Rain, glorious rain!  After an hour and a half of using the sprinkler... 
Resume of the day: Clouds, Hail, Rain, Sunshine. Can you beleive it  Lots of Hummingbirds, no pics 
Rain... Nothing but stupid rain. 
@Xanthetwirls wine and more wine ;) working at the hellmouth tomorrow though so need to watch. Rain forecast for wed on through 
Storms. 
blog updated- www.angelaminicuci.wordpress.com Rainy in Roma 
Rain, rain and more rain  Where is the 80 degree sunshine?
Why is it raining?!! Rain ruins everything.  Always.
@therb i mean damn! I cant walk which is how I workout...Rain!  but uhm...snow? Wtf!
Fuckin Hurricane Season officially started today! Rain is on the whole 10-day forecast!!! 
Rain rain go away 
Rain pretty much ruined my 365 plans for today.  
@schaeferj89 Rain is awesome...its sunny in York atm tho  &lt;eskimojoe&gt; ;-)
Oh great. Rain. I wish the refec would deliver to computer labs. 
Rain or cold.. spring is here.. but I want summer already... 
@Bodark Yes, one more sunny day. Rain en cold is on its way  
Rain's over. 
Working on hand-eye-mouse coordination - coffee before a run-around seems to be a good thing. Rain  no basketball.
Rain again, all day 
Rain today? 
@KnittingKnoobie Rain really sucks! At least you can still knit at home, I have to work all day. 
Rain, rain.. go awaY! please oh please come again another day..... 
@eddieizzard Rainy, cold and gloomy! 
Rain on an early release day?! Epicccc fail. 
Rain on a straight hair day. 
Awwww... no Heavy Rain till next year 
Rain rain rain go away, come back again another day. And it's in the 50s now, yucky... 
@BJRains Please don't say the words &quot;Rain Delay&quot;. 
Getting absolutly no sleep. Storms 
getting ready to hide under the blankets....Storms a coming 
Rain, rain, go away. 
@moecona Rainy here too 
Rainy market. 
Rain make head hurt. 
Rain rain go away...... 
Rainy last day at camp 
Rain.. Rain.. GO AWAY.. 
Rain rain, go away... All I wanted to do today was lay out 
Wet and cold. The pages of my books are getting wrinkly 
Rainy days make me so unmotivated.  I know there are things I need to be doing but I can't seem to stay focused.  
Rain is so freaking depressing!!! ughhh 
Rain clouds...we had to cancel beach trip, parents too nervous... 
my day is canceled offline. My throat hurts so bad. Rain never hit to wash the allergens away  super bad today.
Rain delay. Being held at camp  #alc8
Rain rain go away 
@chrisemdin Rain in the A too? sucks huhn 
Rainy weekends, I have to go out 
Rainy day again...Swimsuit competition next week. I guess I am gonna have to go to the tanning bed  I heart the real sun.
@bephoebe @odysseyqueen sketchy cell. BS version of platform tents = military canvas over pallets. Rain not letting up 
Rain...meh  oh well cinema and pizza in a bit, with @lauraEchilds but 1st hollyoaks!
Rain is cool until it starts leaking into your house, ruining stuff. 
Rain sucks, bring back the sunshine 
Rain  going to see the love of my life today. I'm on a boat bitches
Rain rain go away 
Yankees game ppd!! Rain on holiday makes me sad but this just makes me die a little on the inside 
Rain rain go away  rain only serves as a catalyst for indoor trouble.. Ayyy! Smh
Its Pouring Rain 
Rain for the next 10 days in sc 
Rain, rain, go away, come back another day! I had to cancel my tanning appt., because of all this rain. It's not safe to drive in. 
The rain is beautiful. Flooding not so much. 
Rainy weekend. 
Rain is no fun 
I Really need 2 buy some Rain boots,hate when my feet get wet from the Rain 
Rain, Rain go away 
@C_DIG why what's happening? Rain storm? Snow? What what? All the action happens when I'm away 
Rainy day 
Rainy season is no joke. It's raining really hard here. I can't go out. 
God damn weather.  It's 6:15, just had breakfast and have checked the forecast.  Rain, rain, rain. Back to bed 
pauln - God damn weather.  It's 6:15, just had breakfast and have checked the forecast.  Rain, rain, rain. Back to bed 
Rain no longer in the forecast. But I would be willing to bet that if I took the cover off the Jeep early, it will rain for sure 
Rain, rain, go away, you're preventing my top corner save.  )
Rain rain and more rain! I cannie believe that in 3 sleeps I'll be back on that plane 
Rain may wash out India's opener. http://bit.ly/wmte  
@PixieTheDoxie Rain all the time is no good  I hope your weather gets better soon *nosetap*
it is so miserable today!!!  Rain rain go AWAY!!!!!!
On the way to the gym ... What's up for the pm? Rainy saturday 
Rain = no football today 
Rain rain go away 
20 miles in to the cycle. Both feeling good. Rain is getting worse tho 
Rain has turned really heavy. The traditional Irish Summer has arrived. I'd say &quot;at last&quot; but that would imply I wanted this... 
ahhhhhh. Rain's cut off the tv signal. I feel lost. 
Rain still falling, track still wet..  http://myloc.me/2Mtk
Rain is falling in Munich 
Good morning twits.. Rain in dublin... I want the sun back. 
I Hate Rain 
Its so like winter typical i was working last weekend and am off this weekend! Torrential rain its a day for staying in 
Rain rain go away! 
Saffron Rain wants spencer to come round now  x. http://tinyurl.com/oafv57
Rain..  ... but it was sooo nice the other day.. like.. &quot;where did this come from??!!&quot; :L
Rain over Munich... 
Rain.. Rain.. Rain.. Is that our summer over 
Rain rain go away come back another day !! 
Rain + heaton park + oasis concert fallout = 'fun' 
Rain puts ya in a bad mood 
Showers are so painful. They make me cry. 
Rain really limits one's activities for the day. 
Rain  again and again ....bad day :[
@SierraRanch Rain would be nice here in Austin area......however the weather man does not show any hope 
Rain today - good day to clean 
@TheRealJayRome The Rain Monster took it away! 
Rainy afternoon, bored and tired... 
@princessa_the1 Good morning, you on the drink again last night ? lol. Rain has arrived here. 
Rain rain, go away.... My first day off in awhile, and of course it's cold and rainy 
Its been raining all day!  Rain sucks!!!!
Rain rain go away...the puppies want to go outside and play today.  
@Wolfs_Rain Sims 3 huh? How is it? I have to wait a little while until I can play it 
My Northern Downpour membership expired today 
Rain delay 
Rain rain go away come again some other day. So cloudy and dark and I just heard thunder  However I do like storms. They are a mystery ...
Rain, rain go away 
Rain in socal.  but i'm off to nyc tonight!
Hope everyone enjoyed maximum amount of sunshine today. Rain tomorrow. 
Rain, I want you to come back. NOW.  http://plurk.com/p/yz8rh
Rain rain go away come back another day - nope didn't work definitely didn't want it today  not for my little girl
Rain on family festivity for small boy being seven  Still Barbequeing though and it will be nice to see folk!
Was mean't to be going to the zoo with hubby n kids..Rain has scuppered our plans!! 
Rain rain go away......never come again 
@Rain_Darwin salamat. Sayang. Never got to meet you. 
@KG_05_21 I'm good thanks, but the weather is horrible! Rain all day 
Rainy sunday 
Goodbye Rain. 
of to play Xbox, Rain outside  hope it wont rain next week for #download2009
Rain delay for tourney today. We had to turn around and come back home. What a waste of gas. Plus we put more pollution in the air. 
Rainy baseball game 
Rain, rain go away, come again another day 
Rain showers again. Piddle. No grass cutting now  again!
@LocalJoost: &quot;Rain at last&quot;? Not very well for this BBQ... 
@ScotMcKee commiserations. Rain kept me off lawn altogether 
Listening to music and watching the rain fall  Rain Rain Rain Rain grrr
Rainy days make me sad 
Would you rather...i love this game! Heheh. Rain has stopped now 
 I hate the Rain! It puts a dampner on my sunday! I hope its gonna be sunny 2morrow! We need the good weather!
Rain rain rain. Summer is over. 
Rain out at the park 
Taking Rain back to her dad's soon   http://yfrog.com/59eatj
Rain rain, bleh.  still bummed out with my lack of blizzcon tickets 
Rain suuuucks   Universal was fun and dry for a while, though.
Fucking Rain! 
Headed home. Wet from getting pushed in 
Omg! Rain for the first time in 3 weeks 
Rain, rain go away! Apparently will rain till Sunday. Rain + Cold not a good combination 
Rain cape type of day aound the ewa-marine factory in southern Germany...  But... http://tinyurl.com/ewa-cape for all dSLRs 
Rain does not make nice going out weather 
Yay... Rain...  http://yfrog.com/0t9fvj
@drewlawrence You're up already?!  Wow! Rain is clearing out of Crozet; storms predicted later. 
Rain, rain go away! 
Rain again? charming. I'll be peeved if I have another 2hour jag home 
Rain???? Nooooo I can't be, it was blazing sunshine 5 mins ago!!!! KMT!!! 
Rain Rain go away come again another day! 
My new poem...Rain rain go away I don't have anymore dry sneakers 
Nnnooooo!!! Thunderstorm now!! 
Wow we just flipped with the weather.... Rain Rain Go Away 
Rain always ruins my plans. Even in st. Louis. 
Rain, Rain, Go away...this weather sucks and it's not helping to improve my mood- sitting in class w\ a migraine 
England just let it's skies open. Hail, Thunder, Lightning, Rain. WOAH. I can't even see out my window it's so yucky! i'm scared! 
Rain, rain, go away ... and, please, don't bother coming back another day! 
booooooooring monday morning...plus is really hot again  where are you Rain???
Today is my hunny's bday... What an awful day to celebrate! Rain rain go away... 
Looks like it's gonna downpour any second....of course it is, so I can trek in the rain on the commute home!  Soggy, I'm always soggy 
Yeah!!! where are those rays of sunshine @rayyahsunshine. Rain=frizzy hair, wet jeans and mosquitos. me no likey 
Rain, rain, go away 
Rain's gone as quickly as it came  I miss you, rain.
The Rain is on the way!!! looks like a damp evening  Green spots on the Radar...
Rain rain go away! Rained about 3 inches today 
Lightning Thunder and Rain is not a good look 
@graphic_god I've never seen Purple Rain 
Storms coming again! This is just getting ridiculous 
Rain rain go away 
Rain = dangerous. Just slipped and fell over. Ouch. Knee pain 
@Rain_Delay good heavens, that's a painful game. 
Rainy day 
Rain again  Come on england, try cheer up for me?
Rainy day here, hope it clears up before I get off work  Needed soem rain though.
Rainy day here, hope it clears up before I get off work  Needed some rain though.
Rain! ugh, i love you so much. but you keep me from soccer practice.  atleast it'll be easier to sleep in school with the rain. :-P
Rain   please go.  
@robynvdb eeeeeek.  I agree.  Rain soaked jeans are nothing but trouble.  
Going to day 2 of field school. Rain doesn't bode well for any sort of outside work 
another FABULOUS day for the pool.....Rain, Rain and More Rain 
Rainy and dreary morning  and tons to do today
note to self: dont leave ur shorts outside it mite just Rain!! 
No fun = digging a trench in garden to save plants from standing water. Torrential downpour all night/morning, place looks like a mud pit 
Rainy day and I'm an only child once again... 
Getting the 2cv ready for Rendezvous. Wash &amp; wax last night   Rain this morning 
Rain rain go away 
Great. Rain and my poofy hair? 
Dang it, just headed out the door 2 get in a quick dog walk b4 my friend's flight arrives. Rain downpour started 1/2 a block into walk. 
Rain rain go away come back another day  dinner cruise t-minus 1hour and constant rain
On my way to Wrigley for the CUBS/sox game!!!!!! Rain rain go away 
Rain yay 
Rain and looming deadlines are making me think I'll stay home tonight. 
I had a nice nap on the plane, sadly not off the runway yet in Chicago. Rain delays which means no #techkaraokesf tonight 
Rain is coming 
Rain again  I want some sunshine.
Rain,Rain, go away! 
Rain delay at the game.  and my Reds are winning too!
Rain rain go away, CWS game postponed. Editing an Kinkos tonight- yippee. 
Rain, rain go away, please come back another day!! 
sez Sox @ Cubs Rain Delay Theatre has become Rain Out Theatre. 
Rain for the next 4 days... Oh boy  
@BenzenetheCat Rain, rain, rain.  It rained here in Nashville for a few weeks, but that's over now. 
@Timberwolf123 Careful..say that &amp; I may nvr stop ventin on ya, lol!..Rain friggin suks eh! nuthin ruins suks the good outta u like rain! 
@thenewbnb awghhh Soggy dosa.. So sad  @viveksingh
Rain...why? 
Still raining pa rin? Yippee! Rain is good but the resulting traffic is bad. 
Rain, rain  go away 
Rain, not good 
Rain. BAH! I want to be playing guitar not sat in an office on twitter all day. 
@MalloryNicholls Rain and lightning.  Clouds moving through at a pretty good pace.  Weather knocking out my 11 connects signal though. 
Rainy day today  Lots of graphic designing to do, hope to stay busy at work.
Rainy. Dreary. Hubbie going out of town. 
Ew. Rain. 
Rain, rain go away.. come again another day!  
Rain Rain Rain, wheres the sun its June for gods sake 
Rain here today in Aberdeenshire going to dentist nay good like.  
Rain and the cold..... Sux 
Weather is so depressing today  Rain has not stopped.
Rain...rain ...go away....it's my day off!!  
Ouch, woke up with a headache. Rain must be imminent. Damn you falling barometric pressure!  
Rain!! :'( So depressing.. 
Where did summer go!? Torrential rain in the lakes today! 
Rain BOO - don't want to go out to the shops 
Rain rain, go away. Come again another day. 
Rain has stopped for now...but it looks like it could start back up again 
TGI fridays, love it. Where the hells the sun gone? Rain everywhere tut 
Rainy day ahead 
Rain never let up  now to hop on the trainer
Rain, rain, pretty please don't go away. 
Rain the next 3 days 
Yet another day with F...... Rain 
Man.. Rainy days always get me down.  http://plurk.com/p/11t4hq
Morning Tweets Rain again...... 
Rain is pouring down over Dublin 
Rain rain go away come again when i'm not going to the zoo! 
Ewwwwww. Rain &amp; t-storm means no outside today 
Rainy morning   U.S. Open Traffic doesn't help
Morning. My throat is still sore; definitely getting sick. At least it waited till after interviews. Rain today for Isaac's field day. 
@doc_rob feels likes the sun will never re-appear in NY... Rain again and expected to continue through the weekend 
Rain again.  There goes happy hour on the rooftop 
Rain &amp; drive time don't make a good combo 
Rainy day today  sitting in the crew room at work.. Double 
is feeling blahish. Rain, rain, rain, please go away. 
Rain ends coaster week early  Now what?!
http://twitpic.com/7pcnd - Rain again 
Rain Rain go away.. Sun come out so we can play 
Rain tomorow Sergei 
Rain rain go away!! 
Rain, rain, go away. 
Rain again, I am moving farrr away from NYC..the weather has been horrrrribleee this summerrr 
When will this Rain let up??? This is so NOT feeling like Spring... I need some sun or I wouldn't be able to SHINE!!! 
Rain please Go away 
WOW... another shocker Rain! ughhh .... Nasty migraine! 
Rain, rain, rain   I'm sad I wanted to get out to paint today. I'm happy and thinking about all the indoor projects to be done. Commisions
Rain again?! 
Rain Rain go away....I hope it doesn't rain during Orientation 
Enjoying another day of Rain 
Where are my power tools? I need to build a damn ark. Rain rain rain rain rain. I feel pruney and frizzy. 
Rain, rain, go away, come again another day. I guess Shakespeare in the park is out for today? 
Almost 2 weeks of Rain, with a few half days of sun, weekend plans may be washed out  http://bit.ly/cUIT
yoga events canceled today. http://www.unionsquarenyc.org/ Rain Rain go away... 
 Rain is gone
Rain, rain go away 
Rain, rain please don't come today 
Rain, rain go away...   Hoping my truck runs this afternoon without dying as I make several stops! :p
Rain gives me the WORST headaches 
@WeWantNEYOnVibe yeah sis, i see u reppin our boy as usual, I have a few  mins2 spare so imma do a bit. How's the weather in the A? Rain 
Why people call me early in the morning to get me all upset and then i cant go back to sleep.  Not even the Rain helped! 
Rain Rain go away, toes in NY want to come out and play...so many sandals sitting sadly in my closet while I wear my rainboots again 
Rain in long island has ruined my otherewise slack afternoon 
Rain Rain Go Away 
Rain, rain, go away!!! 
Rain needs to stop 
Rain delay...  ... Of course, because I actually have some free time to watch
Rain rain go away p-p-p-please mister 
Rain. Nothing to do 
Rain is Shit 
Rain rain go away.....Boo 
@joeypage Rain  Looks like our game is over before it ever started.
Rain, Rain go away  Satellite tv is not useful in a thunder storm!
Rain rain go away.. So I can get to jerzey okay!! Its a tsunami out here smh 
@Hazysky Is that ubertwitter friday uk time or friday states hazy ? Rain coming down no photo tonight 
@tristanwilds Rainy... 
GEESH ITS POURIN' lk seriously where is all this water comin from? Rain isnt soothing when its EVERDAY it takes away the joy 
Rain rain go away 
Rain makes cars angry...stuck in traffic 
About to cycle back to #yyc from Bragg Creek. Rain along hwy 22. Forgot my rain jacket.   http://yfrog.com/7ho2dj
Rain again 
Rainy days are the worst      
Not a good day 2 run so far, maybe later. Rain, lightening, &amp; wind. 
@frandrescher dealing with the Toronto Rain 
Rainy days suck im over this!!! 
Goooodmorning Rain! I want to say sunshine but technically I can't 
Rain all weekend. 
Painfully in Maine-fully in the Rain-fully  Nothing like wet collies in a trailer
Rainy day makes me so sleepy 
Rain in Germany 
Rain rain go away. We had fun activites planned for today 
Rain rain go away  and take the bolt of lightning that came way to close with you
Rain in scotland 
Rain, Rain, GO AWAY!  So done with all the wet weather ... Momma needs some Sunshine Therapy.  Even my flip flop tan is fading 
Rain + work all day = 
Weather report for tomorrow is not looking so great. Rain at midday, then cloudy afternoon. 
Rain plays spoil sport.. Ground not ready and tournament postponed till august.. The only reason to be out here is gone 
caught the train  2 minutes till it rolls. Wet and nasty. It smells like dog in this car. 
Rain is back?? 
Rain again today   Yuck!
@buffalopine Rainy here, too. no skating today.  
Rain rain go away 
Rainy friday... 
Rain  - not much fun watching soccer in the rain.  Looking forward to spending time with Connor.
Nonstop Rain!!!! Severe thunderstorm!!! . I hate it 
Rain Rain go away...come again some other day 
Rain=wet poop...  (but we still LOVE to clean it up!)
Rain? Really? But it was so nice yesterday and I didn't bring a jacket 
Rainy day. To match my mood. 
Rain delay 
I don't want the sun to go  Rain on the way! leaves me all weekend to tell you about... www.website.ws/talyn
Rain, rain, go Away 
Rain rain go away!  I'm ready for some baseball! Rain + humidity makes for MAJOR FRIZZY HAIR! 
Rainy day- kinda bored with nothing to do  very unmotivating
Rain!? So much for the brewfest! 
parents picked a good week to go away. Rain sucks and is gonna be for days. 
Rain  come on, we need our yard sale !
Rainy day and night  I need sun!!!!
Bah to this fkn weather .. Rain all weekend .. 
Rain, thunder, lightning, 80 mile an hour winds.... I'm scared 
The storm is here.  Rain delay for the game. Glad I am not at the game tonight. Fans being asked to clear stands because of lightening.
Grr to Rain Delays  My Tigers are in a Rain Delay right now
I try to be productive and wouldn't you know, a nice evening turns into rain in the middle of my yard work. I was a stopping point. Wet. 
Rain, Rain, and more Rain...my dog is afraid of the Thunder 
Rain rain go away i dont want to drive home in this crap!  i am babysitting- good thing the kids are sleeping or they would be screaming!
Ugh. Rain. 
Rain,rain go away come again some other day! Not much fun having a Tent sale in the rain 
Rain, rain everywhere...but here 
Rain rain go away come again another day! 
Rainy days makes me 
Bad day  Rain, rain, rain :/
@blahblohblog Rainy here too, so no beach with the god-daughter. 
Rain.. Rain.. go away if not this is going to be a difficult camping day  #fb
Rain, rain, go away 
bout to get my photo on at Lindsey and Dan's fab wedding in Trumbull! Rain Rain go away 
Rain and thunder, yay 
Just saw the local forecast... Rain at times heavy. Risk of a thundershower. Amount 40 to 50 mm except locally 70 mm in thundershowers.  
Just had pancakes for breakfast..but no blueberries  Rain isn't going away so we'll just have to move our family photos to next week
Rain stopped play so Wayne stopped playing 
Rain rain rain, it's been raining since 8am! I want to go for a ride damn it 
Goodmorn my twiggers ... this Rain is n the way N philly 
Rainy again today 
@beduty That's way sad!  At least nobody was injured!!  I miss riding with you!!  Rainy and nasty here today. 
Edgefest today: yes  Rain today: no 
Morning tweeps, slept in this morning and it was magically delicious!! Rain is killing baby bday party and fish fry plans tho 
Rain, rain, go away. Come again some other day. 
Soggy day at the beach 
Rain, rain, and oh yea more rain! 
Rain follows me!!! Shopping in the rain = the worst 
On the carousel at Glen Echo park. Cool beans. Only ones here so far! Rain keeping people away. 
@StyleNBeautyDoc I'm feeling you.  Rain can definitely play havoc  with a girls mojo.  
Rain rain go away come again another day 
Rain rain go away! Its supposed to b summer 
Hates The Rain! 
Rain go away ur getting me and my bk hat wet  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
Rainy day again 
Rain again. No beach; laundry. 
Rain rain go away!!!!!! I hate rain!!! Tomorrow is the last day for the 6th graders in promiseland.  How sad   gonna miss them
Rain out for this afternoon's engagement shoot.  I hate being at the mercy of the weather. Need a covered garden.
Rain, while ok 4 ducks and gardens, in no fun for either car shows or amusement parks! 
@Winter_Rain Nuuuu!  Don't say that!  No piggy flu for the Melly moos.    You needs to be better for Melly day.  :p
Rainy sleepy day it is! 
Rain, rain go away! Bc I have TBS todayyy. 
making sats update and its Rainy 
Rainy and foggy in maine 
@Winter_Rain  don't worry!! yahoo hates everyone lately! 
Rain has me gloomy 
Rain, rain...please go away 
Rain all crazy smh going home 
Rain delay  saw the proposal before, not bad. year one late, hopefully after the game resumes
Rain rain go away 
Rain rain go the eff awayyyy 
Rain, rain go away 
Rain rain go away 
This is supposed to be a SUMMER party I am at. The view would be gorgeous on 23rd and 10th but... The Rain 
Rain Delay for the Rockies.... 
http://twitpic.com/7yhvm - Rain makes my hair wet and un-straight. 
Rain has damaged our house. Leak somewhere now causing ceiling of guest room to fall in. I'm so sad 
Rainy day. Should I do the washing today? 
@KendraMarieK Showers and clouds!! 
Rain rain go away. 
Rainy weather here...no fun 
@SeaGroove I would love to. But i have to work.  Rain check perhaps?
@KeeperTrish Same down here. It sucks.  Rain, rain, go away!
Waiting for the weather to become better :/ Actually it was said there would be sunshine all day long today. But no. Rain, rain, rain! 
Is raining now! Argh. I use to love the rain, but it's been like this for 2 weeks now  Rain rain go away and never come back another day.
Rain has messed-up my biking plans this morning.  
Rain rain plz go away ha sick of dis irish weather  
Rain on my bday? Shoot me 
Rain on the first official day of summer???  we were going to go swimming later this afternoon.  
Rain   out to breakfast&amp;more work on biography.  it should be done today and then proofed by a colleague tomorrow then rewrite &amp; submit!
4 days &quot;off&quot;: Rain outside! Hanging around 
Rain is getting worse.... Hmmm the garden tour I'm shooting might not go over so well 
Just got done eating breakfast. Rainy morning :-S game postponed  good day to cuddle on the couch 
Rainy day at the beach 
Wednesday; Sunshine: 70% Rain: 10% 22/25degrees. And than is my birthday! But I don't celebrate it that day 
Thunderstorm 
@dsashin thanks much! Rainy here for a week now. Trading in my Toyota for an ark soon. And high seas cancelled fish catch this week. 
is trying to get things together - so tired.  Rain+work+general boredom=unhappy Chris  
Rain rain go away!!! 
Rain Rain go away come again.... how about NEVER! Boo NO flights can go out today until later on for this rain 
It's about time that spin.com released the &quot;Purplish Rain&quot; album for download!  I checked at 2 A.M. which was technically 6/23 and nada 
Rainy day... too bad I can't sleep all day 
@Eve1748 In here.. COld..Rainy! 
Rain - just in time for the pool party 
Rain Rain go away !! 
Rain rain go away 
Rain has ruined another evening of tennis 
Rain rain go away 
Rain rain come back!  i hate how it rains for like ten minutes then it won't pain for 3 weeks.
Rain... Rain... Go away... 
Rainy days and thursdays always makes me down 
Morning, bit cloudy at mo, hoping for sun later. Rain forecast for weekend, typical  Murray on about 4pm, hope he doesn't choke.
@traaan  you love me XD. Rain is awesome! unlike traan :O who is just epic at everything she does DX
Rain  Where is the sun today?
It's raining in Hyd. This proves one thing. Even Rain Gods are on twitter!! 
@petewentz can you ask Patrick to cover &quot;Purple Rain&quot; as it's awesome &amp; so are you guys! 
#f1 Rain? Oh splendid 
what a beautiful day! Rainy and miserable. The beginings of winter have arrived 
Partying it up in Skybox 3 at Perfecto @Rain  http://twitpic.com/3l25h
@jenxstudios Hello Jenx, im the guy standing out in Rain wearing a billboard that says will sell his ego for food 
w8ng for packages  Rain in Toronto
@highdigi Nothing worse! Rain has just started here so im glad of bein' inside. Thanks Jonathan..talk to you later. 
Road biking with my new favorite person! Rain rain go away 
Rain rain rain....I love rain....Mainly cuz sports halt for it 
dy say after every sunset thr's a sunrise!! But here in delhi its.. After days of extreme heat and temp reaching 42.. Thr's Rain!! 
Rainy day -- happy frogs 
Will it rain later? Rain, please come soon. 
Rain has stopped, sun is out - packing up tools &amp; plants, and heading for the allotment 
Gettin' ready 4 church!  Rain, rain go away!
Rain rain go away.. Just waking up on this sunday, think i'm gunna start my new book Jenella got me 
Rain. One more reason to stay snuggled beneath the duvet 
@lizscherer cheer up buttercup! Rain will go away and hearts always mend. I can actually bet $ on that! 
@Ashika_Sunshine  I figured that... But I ended up taking my cousin to work in the Rain anyway...    But hit me up 
Rain makes for a good study day  almost done!!
G*morning! Rain, rain and more rain.. ! But I don't care so much 
@fleurybanery Rain wasn't too bad, gave a bit of relief from the heat. It was overcast, but still 35 degrees. Good for my pale skin 
Rain Rain GO AWAY!!!!  Baseball games want to be played!!! 
I got the backyard sprinkler system on autopilot today... No more babysitting the new sod. My friend Rain Bird E5 can do it for me. 
Dam grass might get dry enough later to cut!!! Shit !!!! Rain rain 
@Delan_Rain most sci-lasses are 
drinking tea waiting before setting off for work.  Rain has stopped, sun trying to get through.  TWO woodpeckers on feeders this morning. 
We are off to Cork for the day.  Rain, Rain GO AWAY!    Peace...
Rain coming down very heavy. No change for last two days.This must be what it's like to live in Forks - sans the  good looking vampires. 
@Delan_Rain e-mail me lass  i don't think i have a fave, but i love the one thats ali's fave from 7
This puts me in my happy place!  Blind Melon &quot;No Rain&quot; ? http://twt.fm/117370 #musicmonday
Rain season causing Dengue attack everywhere. so, take care  #fb
Lots of beach time yesterday. Rain and wind came in late. Clouds today but wont dampen our spirits. Going to state park for snorkeling. 
Damn it. Rain on my holidaym and if there is one thing I hate its water in my G&amp;T...! 
@esmeeworld Rain is oh so fun when you have the kinda hair that makes its way into an afro... 'grats on your success by the way 
Rain, lightening and some thunder as I prepare to venture out on a Friday in Saigon.    Rainy season is back, I guess.
He sing it the whole day.. so cute!  aah, the weather is bad. Rain. -.-'
Rain rain go away come back another day 
Okay.. no tweets in almost two hours. What's wrong people?!?! Also - Rain = 
@OfficialSTaylo Rainy cloudy.. you know, like a nightmare.. 
Yay!! Rain!!! 
Rainy days are made for staying in and feeling cozy  #fb
