Most common words for this cluster:
[('ready', 218), ('wants', 145), ('today', 124), ('day', 107), ('http', 106), ('quot', 100), ('fail', 88), ('wanted', 85), ('com', 84), ('work', 81), ('feels', 72), ('amp', 71)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Wants', 0.8425557613372803), (u'Hits_Snag', 0.8415333032608032), (u'Could_Prove', 0.8361214399337769), (u'Embarrasses', 0.8352921605110168), (u'Inches_Closer', 0.8342779874801636), (u'Annoys', 0.8341944217681885), (u'Bails_Out', 0.833994448184967), (u'Clock_Ticking', 0.8335775136947632), (u'Confuses', 0.8335652351379395), (u'Complains_About', 0.8326839804649353)]





Whinging. My client&amp;boss don't understand English well. Rewrote some text unreadable. It's written by v. good writer&amp;reviewed correctly. 
Ordered some maternity clothes online, which came today. I got something strange I didn't order, not in my size. And stuff is missing. 
Needs the motivation to get dressed and go to work I hate training 
@mrskutcher I was just thinking that today - how deprssing it all is!  Makes us appreciate life more.
@smaffulli correction: they don't tell you, but a cert. is there. How you can use it is a different matter, and without Win yet another! 
Caught myself looking up the iphone. Promised I wouldn't torcher myself as I still have 6 months left on my current contract 
Misses Rach already 
Ready for sleep but having trouble sleeping 
@llordllama oh no  I had an Obadiah too. Names that start with E are generally good.
I hate to see parents cry when their kids move out. Makes me think of how my parents felt the 1st time i moved out. 
Hurt my ankle working out this morning  ... but I've lost 18 lbs &amp; I'm gaining muscle!
Thinks!!!!!! i should have rented wheelman 
Wants to be a developer and not a support engineer 
@jowhit send it Bk this way pls lol i'm burning again 
Upset that my cat won't take her medicine, again.  
gah.. can`t even close tags these days.. man my skillz are so non-1337.. best get a job doing Frontpage on Win98 
@alchemuse Umm....  it should. It really really should. But it doesn't.  Brilliant Idea Fail for lack of a putty tat!
Wishes she was in Nyc right now 
@enoch111 Whoops. I got a little too happy. Doesn't work. Takes me to Cisco's page.  Shoot.
Signed up for classes bright and early today, turns out I have one on the other campus next semester  Its the only class that day though!
@summatusmentis and that attitude is why I'll never be unemployed. Validate your input or it can be subverted. I hope you don't code in C 
Failed that test 
Dropped her laptop off the bed. I fail.  goodnight.
Tied at 3 bottom of the 7th 1 out   &lt;~*LizaBeth*~&gt;
IPL Starts early in morning... will miss my first match. 
Thinks its just unfair 
Ready to get to work outside on this gorgeous day...raking, staining our patio table, cleaning up the yard.  Colder temps tomorrow  
Wanted to get out for a sunrise shoot, but I couldn't get to sleep last night, so I axed it. 
Wanted to go out but afraid of giant black clouds above the house... 
raining here too.  Wanted to plant my gardenia bushes - now have to clean the house instead 
Wants to be outside &amp; NOT inside working! 
Hates goodbyes 
Wants to go to bed and read 
Newest hobby project is to find rustic furniture and talavera pottery.  Also, cat has been hospitalized for the weekend.   sick kitty
Update, the computer with the moniter = 2053.98  very far from now, because i am starting a 0 lol
Wants to be at the culinary festival!! 
Finally getting some work done on this project. Predicted finish time 10pm 
Wants the other half of the dream team tonight  @akchevie will be missed! Plotting to kidnap her! Mwahaha!
@IAMtheCOMMODORE Makes me regret that I don't live in the States. 
Feeling sorry for myself. Procrastinating homework, and the boy is mad at me. Feels lovely. 
Just made a service that's wholly depressing. Shows everybody I'm following that's not following back. 
Headed home. Upset. 
Congrats to the cast and crew of Anything Goes on 3 great shows! (or 4 if you count the dress rehearsal)    I miss it already 
@WEGMusic ::Raises Hand:: 
Feels out of the loop 
Yay I talked to Lauren  she still hurts.   Lol I saw Observe and Report. dude but wtf so much male junk. grawww wth....
@rbhavesh Verdict on the update: Love the post width increase but can't update because of sidebar. Sold Ads width is bigger 
Busted out in 7th place...suckie, but fun 
@Hyperfludd Needs less age restriction 
Watching Hit40Uk and coughing. Just off revising....yeah, i REALLY need cheering up today!  xxxx
Sacrificed facebook for finals. sooo i'm filling that void with twitter... 
@Jennymac22 I took a few on my phone. Added them to the group. If you could tag them that'd be fab, can't do myself 
Assessing the quality of mitigation proposed in an Environmental Impact Statement, and it's sunny outside 
Aw I got Game Over  Fail.
Oh dear, looks like the lawn mower is packing up! Keeps stopping and can't adjust the blades or roller 
Wants to stop following diddy but can't work out how 
Parent Fail #789 - throwing out used razor blade in bathroom garbage can. Three has an unhappy finger  FAIL
Vet Appointment soon....anyone got a mussle i can borrow 
@themike5 Told you you'd get frustrated sitting on the sideline... Sucks to be you 
Cancel that bike ride outside - raining 
Tried to get the &quot;Kill Bill&quot; song stuck in @courtneyruthven's head and failed  Woe is me.
Exhausted. Decided to give skipping a second chance. Now it's time for all the sh-tty homework 
Dissapointed that the 4 ticket sixers playoff game isn't until the 2nd round.  and we're going to lose horribly first round, so oh well.  
ystrday-4 kids out door by 9, drop 2 kids off, pick 1 up, bowling, bank, &amp; track meet all day. Ready to do nothing 2day! but not 
Damnit.  Caught favourite necklace on kitchen cupboard. Strangled self then snapped chain. 
Thinks United need a goal soon 
Just seen Observe &amp; Report.....wasnt as good as i thought it was gona be 
Killed about 50 ticks our new shelter ferret had on his body - more to follow 
Hates studying... It's so boring!  
Called in on my day off again  12-7
The Hulk Returns makes me wanna be a viking when I grow up  Wait... I'm 20....  I AM grown up 
I hate migraines. Cos if I don't control the pain I always get sick.  
Ready for bed, missing my baby 
Feels silly for being silly, but I can't help it  It's late I should really go to bed
@lou34 I'm checking 'The Hit List'... which is a jobs to-do-list application, not an actual hit list  twitter assassin club for life!
Return to work tomorrow after 3 weeks off (2 weeks paternity leave, 1 week holiday). Booooooo 
Misses him severely 
@trevorp Agree with you completely, I remember a time when it turned out a bit bloody !! cut my hand real bad  when setting up a computer
Dropped our little baby off at nursery, mums back to work . The girls are gone  The house feels weird today.
Bust-up in the office - good way to start the week 
Revision 286 compiled. Makes me nostalgic about the greatness of revision 28 
Wont be going out for a while  saving for a mortgage !!
Habed it in! Feels good. So tyered 
bored out of my skull, booked another fecking test, earliset is june. Pft they're so lying - test centre has something against me  knobs
Hurt my ankle really bad playing soccer. Haha, I laugh the pain off, but it still hurts worse than a sprain 
Landed. Conf call in an hour, and then one right after that. Chances I get to shower before I start my day: slim 
Going to school.     Fail 
71.7 and 400 jewelcrafting for those keeping track. Hurt the epic mount fund though. ~4400/14000 
@Antoniablue Of course, I need something to SHOW and agent. That's where me + The Novel = Fail. 
hoping to go to Nyc or L.A soon i miss it there 
Doing my enigeering Genius!!!!! Ready for a vacation already!! 
hoping I don't need a new seatbelt. Pricetag if I do? $415 and a new effing car. 
The start of little five week! Ready to party? Too bad I'll be stuck in the library for most of it 
Timeline meeting in 6 mins. 
Just one an acution for a &quot;5th element&quot; #laserdisc, but missed the X-Files pilot from the same seller. 
@GeneTheFotog Cancelled! 
I want the old Who Wants to be a Millionaire back.  With less personal stories.. &gt;_&gt;
But maybe one episode of The X Files can't hurt... right... I'm awful... 
Hates college, its the worst! 
very depressed! Feels unloved 
@Mels85 hugs hon yeah must be something in the air I'm not well either  but I have Robs song so feel a bit better hehe
Running into Ex's in corridors makes me sad 
Thinks we scared Billy away 
No liquor here.  tomorrow's party is going to be at a club, with a bar. Win!
@originalcobras ftw does indeed=For The Win.  and for the record, there is no good way to tell someone they have bad typing skills. 
Win7 installed. Feels very zippy. But where is TweetDeck database? I can't get into User/../ApplicationData folder 
Failed to rent bikes for the company social  but we are still having a walk and a picnic (just need to go buy the food)...
Wants romance like in #sleeplessinseattle 
Wants someone to play nintendo 64 with her 
BPT: lost to Team Taint 
Farted on Nabs and woke us both up way to early 
A Question of Sport was a let down last night. Said beforehand was going to be themed on #f1!  I only counted a single question 
Wanted to buy tickets for lowlands just now, but they're sold out since yesterday... And I was so much looking forward to it 
Ready to watch the football, just ordered a full English breakfast? In some pain - fallen off bike! 
..don't know what to do!! Planned on going to work (needed to!) but i slept late.. got up late - and now it is 'too late', i think! 
Dissapointed in tha Bombers performance 
@ starbucks studying turkish. Called in to work this morning cuz of my cough 
Realizes this was a far bigger mistake than i estimated   
Thinks australia is boring 
@whisperygenie I know  I'm on disc 4 of the X Files already...it's not as bad as I initially thought it would be.
Give the donkeys a rest! Plea to visitors over tourist site cruelty http://tinyurl.com/c5w5s5 geez 
Injured my knee (medial meniscus) playing soccer 
@autismfamily Update   http://tinyurl.com/dk242e
is unsure how this twitter thing works. I am fixing to spend the day studying. Skipped baseball tournament,  sick &amp; caring for hurt child
was going to watch &quot;The Happening&quot; on demand, but it appears it's no longer available.  Oh well, I guess I'll watch &quot;Role Models&quot; instead.
Guilty... 
Just fixed my crushed home PC...but lost some invaluable docs. (daughter's Pics n others) 
I need a new trenchcoat, but I can't seem to find one that I really like  Dilemma!
Update from the track, not looking good. 
@VoltjanStevens - Guilty as charged. 
aye back up to the bronx I go.. imma miss Bk.. 
Cannot make the Causes App work on Myspace  Makes me angryyyyyyyy!
Settle w/  the Past, Engage w/ the Present, Believe in the Future ~  PE SUCKSSSSSSSSS 
Dissapointed at the police expo; the agency I was looking for was not there  Ill just go down to one of their offices
Dropped from shopping already. 
Dropped bb for the first time  my poor baby
Misses his bro's ! 
Ordered paranthas one hr back still not delivered. Hungry 
Wanted to go see a special showing of 17 again this afternoon but I've no one to go with me 
Sore throat &amp; cough. Feels like razors 
@Record_Attempt nope, well i do live out the way of everything, as i live on the coast, we aint even got rugby team  lol
@ijustine You should watch &quot;The Starter Wife&quot; they only made one season though 
@2brownize we cooked tons of goodies! Dips,tempura shrimp, pigs in a blanket...etc. It was pretty nice out but today is rainy and doo doo 
...Failed, once again. 
Dropped my blackberry on the pavement, ball is gone  No mobile twitter for me for a hot minute....
Family members moved to relative house to check a vacant land. Likely to purchase. I have to do the cooking job 
Sad that Rise Against is in Jersey this weekend and I didn't know. 
Hit my first roadkill....poor mr squirrel 
Blasted alarm! I accidentally had it set for pm instead of am &amp; I really wanted to go to church today  well, time for some personal devos
FINALLY back home! Cancelled flight in DFW. thanks to my dad for preaching for me this morning! I really really missed church today 
Just got back from MoMobears...and Cedes i;m so sorry to hear about your loss 
So pissed I'm not seeing Face to Face at bamboozle right now 
Rapped edwars leg in bandage so it doesnt get infected  keep him in ya thought
The ouch was @ the dentist.   Ready to chomp again soon.
@Dbirdy sorry the pool fell thru today.  Retry inna few weeks. Couple of crazy weekends coming up for me.
It is rainin cats &amp; dogs &amp; the suns still out! So zany! Headed home 2 fix my throat  got 3Shows 2morrow
@carli_chick I need to get to sleep but been trying to put pics up on facebook all eve .. Wont let me 
Disliked my bath. It wasn't filled up the whole way because the water started getting cold and it wasn't boiling hot the way I likeit 
Said goodbye to my friend leaving for aus  maybe I'll visit her down under?
Watching the river rise; our area up four feet in last 24 hours! Likely to be no boating  this month http://tinyurl.com/ArkRiver1 
@joystiq Seem i missed it by 20 Min 
Misses him already. 
118 up sick. Burning up,tummy a mess,ache all over,fatigue,shakes,etc. This really sucks! Makes me worry a little.   may go to dr monday.
Thinks it's gay I can't find Brian on here 
Soar throat 
Wants someone cool to follow him 
Injured at home after mountain bike crash on saturday 
Downside too being up all night is all the infomercials. Watched one for some door Pullup thing, my fat ass can't even do a pullup 
Hoped to spend time at allotment on my own to de-stress after last 2 days then be joined by family for the Mayday event, but it's raining 
Washed and whacked the first skein of my sock yarn. It's about the right WPI but only about 75 yards from 50g fibre. What???  Fail!
A pile of bills. And the cycle repeats tomorrow. Doesn't it get simpler? Easier? Call me a fool, but there has to be a better way. 
WES 2009: BES 5.0 Goes Live! http://tinyurl.com/dezxes (via @crackberry). It's going to take my corporate IT a year to sort this out. 
Wants this semester to be over      
Wants a puppy 
Hates doing expenses 
Planned lunch without realizing I had a meeting. So no food until ~14:30 
Hates LS for pissing you off 
Ready now! Early today, got the dentist at 3 
I thought I had work today. Turns out it's tomorrow. Canceled proper work for nada. 
@imhassan Win 7 is very FAST! I am loving it...I also hate my notebook for not being 64bit 
Our ICFP Exprience-Report on reFLect to OCaml has been rejected  http://bit.ly/CXnT0
What should i do now, shit what can I do really??? Plotting like shit.... honestly less then hopeful to say the least 
Dropped Aki off, back at work, back to the grind of it all.  I miss her already.
Revision Sucks 
I'm laying down on the bed, thinking about past, present, future. Future excites me. Present bores me, and the past saddens me 
@officialJagex Drops are decent, a lot better than they used to be in PvP worlds. The only downside are the pjers again 
Ready 4 bed...But I still have a party to go to  ...
Hurt my eye w\ mascara!! A red eye isn't the look I was going for! 
@Ready4wateva no  i wish! hes hot!
@twooden426 it didn't go through! Fail 
Hurts to do so 
10 hours of hard labor working on the front porch.. and it all had to be torn down..  Attempt #2 in a couple of weeks.. *sigh*
Ac/Dc Announce tour, supported by wolfmother, hopefully tickets wont cost a million bucks, but they will 
Wants to see her fav person 
Hates goodbyes.... 
loved SNL. Wants to go to sleep, but has a feeling it won't happen anytime soon. 
Hurts to sit 
Misunderstood 
oh Vs2008 how you mock me by not building 
Alternative medicines Vs conventional medicine... Wow how much fun is that going to be to research  blergh, school sucks!
@kwerky morning now why aren't you outside enjoying this fine day ??? Cos knowing our luck it's going to rain later 
Dropped my berry. Ugly scratches at the side now 
Has anyone noticed the @kyleandjackieo podcast 4 last thursday with the nova fight has been skipped!  ? Goes wednesday, friday why why 
Just spoke to T. Sounds very flat and doesn't want to talk at all. Told me to mind my own business when I asked how he is 
CHARGE PHONE!!! Charge!!!! 
Hurt my leg somehow, it sucks.  about to hit the bed... what crap will go down tomorrow? O_o
Hates being up soo early! 
Misses babbbbbbby 
@cMBv yeah thought so. Booked 
Wont sleep til i kno my lil cousins ok.  but happy mothers day to all my friends mommies!
@katherineliew Hehe Sell Sell's a great blog. I think 60% of adland feels the same way, but unfortunately that's what clients demand 
Feels like i'm married already! 
I am sick of trying to be a hackergod and trying to get roms onto my iphone. Fail 
About 6 tweets didn't go through this morning because text messaging on my MetroPCS phone is not working. Incoming only. &quot;Sending Failed&quot; 
@KrisAllenmusic why arent u posting new tweets anymore?  haha im really excited to hear u sing Apologize! gosh! tc!
Dropped of realatives at the airport....vacations end so fast 
Misses @sleepingcities 
Wanted to get to 68 this weekend but it's not going to happen 
@faeristar I used to be SO envious of her! Wanted to be blonde 
I think I want to get my hair cut. Wanted it long for the wedding, but it's getting to be quite unruly. 
Misses the twin, terribly.  
Soar throat 
Delayed by 30 min now 
Wants a robo.to invitation.  Desperately.  
@rob3taylor nope. we live in separate cities  I Called her when i got up today tho
Ready for things to turn around....this bad luck crap is getting old 
Ready for the bad traffic again 
Needs monnneeey! 
Upset about who won antm  
Signed up for tokbox but can't use ittill later cause I'm at the new house 
Wants to feel better, so baaaadly! 
Man, stupid internet. Keeps crapping out on me. 
Thinks she may be getting a cold 
@kyledean Update: I might not be in norcal anytime soon, looks like my tourney pball team switched events and I might need to go to that 
@kdaigle I was just shown ads about having poor credit.  Fail! 
Sent to hospital for x-ray. Suspected Thumb fracture from vollyball. That will bugger up my weekend of tennis 
Misses someone 
I saw the most amaaaaaazing piece of art today! Wanted to buy, but it was like $200 
Here we are. Stinks of haircare in here. I DON'T DO HAIRCARE. 
Ready for the weekend.....dam Fridays in the way 
Injured  http://tinyurl.com/rco5ln
@red_hawt Makes perfect sense! Because I am not one 
@nathanvernon I only had the one bread bun  It's not the same from cut-it-yourself bread. Needs Warburtons white!!
Ahhh i hate my car now,. time to sell,. Needed to get to an apt at 10 and the battary is dead! 
I miss doing Into the woods 
@KinitaA ... I know it was 5am &amp; I was being bullied :/  ... Told ya @sunnydeefan3 was mean 
R.I.P green and blue plaid umbrella. Murdered by the 900675 mph wind. 
@tombrazelton CURSES!  Foiled again 
Just had to sign with mr dunlap on all of the refunded senior ads. Fail.  
Dropped a guitar pick in my acoustic 2 weeks ago and still haven't managed to get it out... Helpppp! 
 lost in round 7 to a good player playing 5cc.  Mulled to 5 on the play in game 1.  Game 2 he stumbled early but I didn't have the hand
Almost forgot: *pours one out for Duke* Fail to the king 
Saddened to hear friend's grandad passed away.... 
@chrisjsimon *Nods* Skipping that too. 
Feelin a bit lovey dovey.This rain &amp; lightning is  makin me wish I had some1 2 snuggle wit 2nite. (Grabs pillow and fantasizes)  #fb
@quinn_keshalyi if it was the standard $375 that has been in the last year or so, maybe you would have come down under? Wanted to meet u 
Hates thunder and lightning 
Injured my pointing finger on my left hand while taking a catch at the slips, I dropped the catch as well  now back to saloon with injury
@sillylittleduck Wow, let's hope so. Blocked arteries are major trouble. Experienced that with my father. 
is on vaca in san antonio with two really cool people. Picked up a bad habit  I hate my addictive personality.
Wanted to pay back a debt and exercise one of her few talents... But alas, never got the call 
Feels somewhat lonely 
Is ill in bed, so haven't gone to work. What does my mum make me do? Revise... 
Rocked that house party proper. Two laptops running ableton through every genre including breakcore with no midi sync. Disgusting. Wrk@ 9 
Failed the interview for a call center... 
Slowest moving train ever   
Wants guilt free pizza 
Wont be washing the car - raining, windy, dull and overcast 
Feels sick from eating to much pizza  fatttt
Ordered: 3xStarBars, Tesci substitution: a bag of Revels 
Wants Mauds ice cream real bad   stupid england don't sell it
@3pmusic Just couldn't pull it off with Win7, eh? 
#gonzpiration argh coupure !!! non   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
Omg I should be seeing Attack!Attack! today &lt;/3 I love them aswel 
Re www.skirt.com @cdharrison @tiburon @thagler: Agree site looks great! But check #a11y: no alt text on nav imgs = scrn-reader unfriendly 
Watched; The curious Case of Bejamin Button. I think i Cried like... 3-5 times.. 
So, I'm just noticing that the new twitterific on iphone is *never* attaching photos when I take/select them.  Fail 
Called the hotline, but its wrong or not active anymore  send an email..
Wants to go to the ren fair. 
Oh no! Injured brother 
@SHERRELLA so what did you get into last night mami.Hit any spots or anything!had a shoot for da movie I'm playing in was all work for me 
Picked up a cat for my neighbor. It's freaking out and is scared 
@fossiloflife NO! What i meant was StarT &amp; AnD were not matching my level of expectations! I had a lot from AnD.. dats me Dissapointed 
Ready to leave blackpool 
Just got home from a really good vacation. Wanted to sleep on the way back, but had to many things on my mind. I need to unpack now. fun! 
@niceguyted Doubles are terribly hard! I can't use them  I just use two normal lightsabers
Still at floorset... Ready to go home, and I still have to study for my test tomorrow... 
Upgrade on second machine didn't go so well. I think it needs CPR  Trip to lab tmr to reboot!
@RhapsodyInBleh Misses you! I wish you could feed me 
@The_Tech_Update thanks, I'm sorry about it too 
Exceed the following limit for this day 
@sivasubramaniam Keeps on blocking all the good sites that i visit 
The Rated R Era still continues. jeff hardy  
@aeoth  @anzmoneymanager might pick up this thread for you. Agree Au mkt is crying out for these tools. Quicken has free 90 day trial
This day is so sultry, it's killing me. Feels like i'm freezing and sweating at the same time. I so wanna go home and take a shower! 
Wants to go back homee 
My Eyes Itchin... 
@rumpledoodles not going. Engaged elsewhere .. 
how do u make more followers? i have loads of 'groups' and 'organisations' but not exactly people... My Head Hurts 
Needs entertainment.... This stiff is killing me   http://twitpic.com/5f64s
Hates that I love u so much..can't stop thinking about u  I miss u xxx
Needs help cramming for her police interview 
Bumped from fourth to last 
Hurt my shoulderr 
Wont b comming to 1st hour...  ill miss out on our wkend tlk...
Hit the snooze button one too many times this morning- today is going to be &quot;one of those days&quot; 
Hit my head while getting inside my car. Hurts so bad. 
Likes rain but not this much 
@Omargunz LOL your leaving and I am going hehe! Least you get to lay down if ya want 
Hates school! I don't freakin fit in here 
@Cazzdevil Pleased to hear it, where did you go? If it was near here you'd have drowned after you'd been blown away by the gale! 
My coccyx hurts!!!  Decided to give back in to the painkillers... Risking spending some productive time on the laptop...
Said goodbye to the family this morning. 
Dropped cat off at the vet this morning for bladder surgery  Anxiously awaiting positive update.
@EMILYGMILLIE yes; she's excited and sad. Said no one but mommy goes to her shows 
Upset that my phone is on its last bar dying on me... left my chargers 1 @ work n the other @ the condo 
@Snickals Cos they hate us!!!!! Its been a year of crap for EJAMI, with no end in sight 
Feels like throwing up 
Tested a fix for the S60 route generator utility. A long overdue one 
The leather miniskirt I ordered for revamped!crossplay!Mello is too long and loose. Needs moar slutty. 
that lovely looking bloke came back!!! Said would I look out for his package :S lol. He only meant a delivery lol 
Cred ca am stricat tweeterul 
Wanted to sleep in today..love sleepin to the rain. But I guess I'm not going to be able to 
Fail  I need a new straightner...
@bbunderground man I am envious. About to hit the freeway to work   you guys hiring? ;) http://myloc.me/15Vs
Is mad. Wants to live in warm heated places 
just created a coke fountain. Punched my thumb right through the cup on the way into the church 
Weeeee! Yael dear just made my day! Feels sad we're apart 
@th3james  Fail
@Jebbieboo Okily dokily, no worries hunnie. So sorry to have woken you! I feel bad anyway, cos it's mostly begging again  Speak soon
Wants to be there. Now. Noww. 
Ready for bed..really dont want to go to work tomorrow 
finished reading &quot;The Winner Stands Alone&quot;... a little disappointed 
Wants to take a walk... But knows that she cant 
watching all the Arrested Development seasons from the beginning.  really miss that show 
@ the club. Hottest girls here!! Lol. Wont let me upload pics  U believe me right??
@mistajam I had the same prob yest at the studio, went to make tea, poured the milk, and lumps came out  Failed
Upset about the house 
Doing accounts, P11D and Tax Returns 
@robbiehudson I doubt it  Speak to @m4rta if there are any invites left. I had a +1 but @marcflores is coming with me.
Seem to be listening to old @fridaytunes from April 17th. Happens every week.  Link on twitter profile never loads iths weeks playlist 
@emmaguy I Wanted Crumble 
@DavidMcQueen hey kill a baby get 5 years. Smuggle cocaine get 14. Is it me? &lt;&lt; Just indication of our society's twisted values 
Slept for more than half a day... Ready for food now (I miss Australia  ) #fb
woop driving lesson sooon xD Wants the man to deliever her laptop lead sooon  x
@sirpopey  I just can't get &quot;Cos this is my united states of whatever&quot; out of my head now 
@DJbruce92 Told myself I wouldn't play til I finished uni work. I had to uninstall it to keep me on track 
Honors chorus, last one! 
Failed it people the gods of driving aren't with me  next time
Thinks lunchtime is over and has to go back to work. 
I'm so tired!! Headed across they bay to meet mom for lunch, since she decided to go out of town today, when I leave monday 
Hates this 
my pasta salad just wasn't nice.  Miffed now. But I'll be making burgers tonight, I have at least something to look forward to
Is fucked! Has to take a final in 30 Mins and I just woke up 
My ISP Fails. 
Picked the wrong day to work from home   Construction, landscaping next door, loud and annoying!
Wanted a midnight stroll but after the catch of fish no one was up for it and I wasn't allowed to go alone 
Skipped the gym again today  i really need to get back into going!
Still sick. Flu in the summer is the worst. Takes forever to get well 
Hates morning radio... Not enough music 
I think the rain gave me nightmares last night  Awaiting bacon and egg samich and bubble tea for brekky 
Misses her gams dearly!!!! 
Interview tomorrow! 
Wants to know why you are being a jerk to me 
Shoe Fail 
Wants a latte but only has $2 
Missed open house.  Told him he was a jerk. :|
Ready with my hair and make-up... Long schoolday today... 
Status: missing my wife. 
Cont &gt; i've minimal time  for maths 
Thinks he's too late 
Attempt to wake @alhakeem up failed 
@carrielanelv Definitely! Meant to make it to #lvima tonight (not sure if you went), but ended up bailing since I wasn't feeling too well 
Wanted to hatch those triops so badly 
Wanted to wear my green vans but i dont have them on mee  http://myloc.me/1Xwj
Met 4 guys from Appleton WI tonight. Makes me miss home. 
Wants to see my peeps again. 
Packing up my life. Ready for the move but so not into packing right now.  hope all you tweeps are having a goodnight.
Wanted to go to the vegan fest in bristol this weekend? But i'm way too poor 
Ready to come home....I get a whole half day at home before I have to leave again 
Not one sale done today at work. Explored balconies in the big theater w coworkers. A fun day, but void of chili fries and tips 
http://twitpic.com/663vr - Wanted to visit the animals but we were too late 
Hates having to sleep alone 
Misses his twitastic fwiends 
Ready to go into work now.  cannot be bothered.
@MissMaryJ M Jizzle I need u to Hit me too, ugghh I'm sick of this damn phone! Like seriously! 
Wants milk 
Walls of Jericho please come to WORCESTER asap! Candace pleeaassee! Why did Flee the Seen call it quits? whyyy? 
Ready, Set.... hmmm DELAY 
@fueledbyregret I walk to &amp; from work...about 25 mins...think that makes it worse   Improves once indoors tho.
Ready for the trip. Not ready to leave my baby!!!! 
Bacon Fail.  Ended up with a commiseration muffin 
Gen. Casey: US Ready To Fight War Against North Korea http://tinyurl.com/nehqpb  uh,oh, the war pigs are getting excited again 
@poppyscorner He steals my stuff, buries them under fence. Embarassing when it's the man returning them! Not much I can do about frogs. 
http://tinyurl.com/nqudrt - Hurt my finger at work 
Wants somebody to cheer her up 
GM TWITS! Headed to the BX to clean up the new Apartment! But kinda sad cuz I dreamed about him last night 
@jemimakiss but have you got @nrierp, and twitted a link to it. No? Fail. 
Wants to go home with the seniors 
Eatting all these candies I bought from little mexico last night... Charged my ass .50 for swipping my card and it all taste like shampoo 
Hates moving 
@WhitPR lol... i've been in Bk for over a year... going on 2 and u haven't come yet!!! 
via @cornellfinch: Found #geocache Head's Up! http://coord.info/gc1ret6. Probably my only find of the day.  http://bit.ly/JS3S4
Paid all my bills only to go out to the mailbox to find more of them 
No more drinking for Harm   Doc is convinced that it's the cause of my PCVs (look it up).Told not to stop smoking just yet, that will come
Goodbyes ... Hurt 
Ready to kill myself  i hate history
Ready for this saddenning depressing dullful upsetting dreadful weekend. 
@jamespenycate massive beer guardian. Huuuge. Told you already, don't you trust me? 
I have a stupid Recall on my car 
@giordanobc I know how you feel.  Takes far too much time out of my life!
I'm no longer a sophomore.  Junior year is bringing new things. I'll be on 24/7 now. Hit me up and check out  http://bit.ly/esGIQ
Ready to go home  2 more hrs of wrk
Thinks twitter doesn't like me 
Is on her way to nottingham! ICOF tonight, then no more gigs umtil download. Fail 
Wanted to take a photo of the storm, but misplaced my camera! 
@mj12982  &quot;Bandwidth Limit Exceeded&quot; on your website 
Me and my sister is listening to goodbye my almost lover by a fine frenzy. That was me and scarletts song. Makes me sad. 
I only have 2 more seasons of X-Files to watch 
Ready to celebrate the weekend! oh wait, I have 15 more minutes 
So freaking close to getting my car back. Told me I could pick it up then call back to tell me there is a crack in the mfing windshied. 
Dropped my lei off at the cemetary. 
Failed that shit LOL 
At the dentist for Hopes first check up. Lets she how she handles a dentist. 
Feels like throwing up! 
Postponed is not abandoned. // 
A 35 minutos... Split-up. 
gotta restart my computer .. I thought Win7 was supposed to put an end to the constant rebootiness 
Just found out my parents are putting down my dog tomorrow morning. Upset 
Wants to go home 
Upset  bout to talk to someone but idk who though
wow its follow friday and i havent tweeted... Fail. And nobody has followed me today  dble fail. *suicide*
@permeister Yes! Rushed all day fitting in clients, hair appt, pick up fiance, drive to location, then... rain = resched pics 
Wow, so mad. Wanted to make a video but without my dads digital camera, totally not cool 
@callummccahon Fail child.. you must get on messenger ;) Everyones gone to bed 
Misses justin.   this is lame.
@Titivillus Silenced without an explanation? That isn't playing nice 
Flopped two pair, but does not beat a straight.  I sometimes wonder why I continue to play. 
Fios is installed and working well.  Now I have to re-create all Season Passes on 3 Tivos because channels are completely different.  ugh.
@greenteagirl What happened exactly?  Dropped #kettlebells not a good thing either!  I lost control of one a week or so ago.  
They tied me to a chair. Molesting my hair with heat and my eyes with eyeliner. 
Misses summer. 
@CallaLilly84 I was kidding! I wanted to say hi an' tried to be clever. Fail. 
Needs sum foods 
Ready to make up with my boo!!!    I love his big ego!!! He talk like this 'cause he can back it up!!!
Wanted to get him today, but it was too close to closing. 
Wow #optus way to go delivering me a voicemail message 30 days late.  FFS. Upset at a missed opportunity 
Feels like he is going to throw up... again. 
I'm getting REALLY pissed @ twitter! I'm trying 2 change my profile pic and it's not letting me! Ready 2 fight! 
Ready to move out!!! 
Lowest paycheck ever. 
@itscoezy what's going on  ? Called kris but she didn't pick up 
Wants to cheer up crystal 
7 Hour Energy= Fail. Lasted maybe 7 minutes 
I didnt Win. 
Ready for bike ride but outside smells of burnt tyres. Not healthy. 
Dropped half a biscuit into her tea !! 
I have been up all night and in tremendous amounts of pain!!  Whine over.  Pleased to see it's another beautiful day 
@SimonParkin I got that for Issue 200. 
Upset  Video as to why will be posted NEXT weekend.
LIstening to Morrissey Greatest Hits, scant consolation  Looking forward to catching up on Holliegate that I have heard so much about
Feels a little 
Announcement:  I recently injured myself &amp; may not be able to make beats again (I hope it doesn't come 2 that).      
Ready for the big move, missing someone a lot. 
Saddened by the loss of @carolina_dean's friend 
Keeps putting off exercising...and it's starting to show.  
Uck! Crushes can be a bastard! 
Busted up my knee pretty badly doin' ground moves.  Excorcist steps will have to wait for my  punk limping self to heal 
@edgedood Sweet! I ordered Jesus Wants to Save Christians a coupla days ago, and I'm annoyed it hasn't arrived yet  I HATE POST!
Result of stuffing face with pineapples : several bleeding points on my tongue and gums. It hurts to brush my teeth 
Getting Ready to go to the last baseball game of the season 
Seem to have lost my bank card 
@GabrielaValella Date last night, Nephew's 1st birthday party today (Yay!), &amp; my 5K run tom. I SO want to go out tonight, but I must rest 
Hit by projector issues again. 
Keeps seein g the same hashtags over and over and just doesn't know what they mean.. 
I need something to shrink these blemishes a tad...this is just ridiculous. I have one right smack in middle of my chin  Feels like crying
Ready to get up in 6hours for work again.. Just finished 
@CA20K1  Has the nice click feel that many old timers like. And this &quot;Optimize&quot; feature to minimize hand movement. Expensive tho. 
Needs to get new extensions 
@aarone03 the sprint store here doesn't carry Boost Mobile, I already called 
Midomi app failed me several times. Disappointed 
Surely a cold shower shouldn't BURN my sun burnt arms?!  Least enjoyable shower ever.
@TriceMarie Wanted a mr.whippy but didn't have one 
@Lates How crap is that  Wont here the last of it now GRRRRR
http://bit.ly/mKFuU  Comment, Rate, and please excuse the bad image quality and un-smototh rendering. 
Wanted to bake strawberry muffins, but oven was dirty. So now I need to sit at home for the next three hours while it cleans. 
@surfclubhit awwww  I hope you feel better soon, Hit!
Feels dead!!! soooo ill  going to die in bed byeee!
Dropped my eggs as I was taking them out of the bag, broke 7 of them 
Update on food... Dunkin Donuts has horrible customer service 
double  &quot;entree&quot;  they don't get it Laud... 
Misses the coast 
@sarahgupta   @rahulgupta Said you won't let him out to go play with his friends.  Plleeeassseeeeeee.....
Hangover = Fail! Taken all day for it to shift! 
@augustl Maaaybe I should've checked that. Fail. 
FAIL! @perplect: @augustl Maaaybe I should've checked that. Fail. 
Ready for parkers swimming party/ awesome fun party/ my bro is grad soon. Awhh man 
@lovesewphie What's going on? Interview nerves? You'll do great!! I just don't think that's what's wrong.   Be okay!
Feels like I've been punched in the mouth. Hurts so bad. 
Feeling bad for his boy...a double ear infection creeped in unexpectedly!  Prayers Appreciated!
Oh 2 grand weren't too good tonight  Agree with what Simon just said. They won't won but at least they got this far! ;) x
attempted spring cleanin?Failed! I'm staring at a mountain of clothes. 2 lazy 2 sort winter from summer 
Wow . Than high school . And college 
I miss my car! It's been 5 days and I'm having withdrawals. Wanted chick-fil-a and liquor, instead it's tv dinner and soda 
Underestimated how expensive the 100 beer challenge would be 
Ready to go hooooooooome 
Just been watching some videos of &quot;Busted&quot; I wish they hadn't split up 
@dickiemaxx  Win a few; lose  few  a  with a 
@Narkaleptic I fired up my lawn mower for a few, but it wasn't running well enough to use.  Makes a great smoke machine though!
Interview on wednesday  for college 
Upset about the tenting situation 
Attack! my server is 502-in' ...looks like I get to have a fun rest of the night 
Profile picture broken again  serves me right for being so vain and trying to change it!
Laundered my money today...and not in a good way.  Remembered the wallet mid spin-cycle 
Hung over. Win on drinking way too much last night. Fail on drinking enough water before bed. 
Hates bills!! So broke!! Needs another job asap!! 
Hit my head so hard last night... Making it impossible to work 
Fail. I ate the cake. 
Makes me sad when I feel my scoliosis 
@ohheyitskayyy  I think you should write some more for Lying Face To Face. I haven't that in so long... 
At the  beach for less than three hours, and already been attacked by an oyster shell. I Fail         T.T
Misses ihearteggrollzz and spriteluver  wishes I was with then. And I turned friggin dark!!!!
@robborover Trying 2 resolve #parasolgroup service fee rise I wasn't notified of. Told 1 price upon registering, now am charged 35% more  
Ready to get off work, someone come talk to me! 
she got in my face and had the nerve to tell me to act like a lady. She's still bitching. Called her a fucking bitch in front of my mom. 
Dropped by, no message.  Anyways, good morning dear.
@steventrotter  not gonna make it this weekend.  Ordered my mom a new PC and have to go set it up.
Misses @Josefmichael 
@goodlaura Remain optimistic BUT College tuition is taking all disposable income   In 2012, daugh. will graduate.
Wants the ellie badge 
Wants jackie nelson here like now 
Update: fuck sakes, suns coming up already. It's only 3.24am mr sun go back to sleep!!!! P.s still can't sleep 
Upset i am crusing to the radio i left my ipod at home  i feel naked
Upset stomach. This doesn't bode well for a good nights sleep. 
Fail whale all morning 
Hurt myself 
Plans for tomorrow have been canceled.   Unsure what to do, but I suspect it will involve being lazy.
Dropped her raybans into a bowl of hot soup. Arghhhhh, the heartache. Now my wayfarers smell pepperish.  - http://tweet.sg
Cancel trip to atlanta   we are heading towards albany  ily &lt;('-')&gt;
@anexxia Fail. 
Dropped my favourite watch 
Meant songbook... 
Update from phone not working 
Wants to talk can't sleep 
Xneverbackdownx Hurt. 
Guilty. 
Man I want my own Player To Be Named Later  #feverpitch
@ryantabora really? you liked Wanted? it was kinda let down for me 
Argghhh. I'm so tireddd  Wanted to come home early last night, god damn..
Ready to crawl in my cozy lovey dovey bed, that hugs me tighter than any other person in the world &lt;/3 
Windows SP3 Update even fails in safe mode. 3 hours on this now - and I have real work to do 
Interviewed dad for research paper and came to find that my phone never recorded his long, detailed response at all. (whimper) 
Objected to a planning application for the first time ever. Isn't that the surest symptom of finally reaching middle age?  #boringoldfart
Dropped my yosh to the airport  his visit was shorter than mine...we still drank the buttah though..good times
Removed domain from Office Live, website down 
Wants @TomFelton to reply to me! 
Misunderstood 
@elanlohmann Guilty as charged I guess 
day 1 of finding a singer. Failed. 
Nachos down and back from pam's. Ready for bed. And the vicious working week cycle starts again. 
My blog is still blocked ..... &quot;Bandwidth Exceeded&quot; .......  .....
Wanted to get something productive done tonight, but have been too buggered from the weekend 
2nd race 2nd place again. Eliminated from heats 
@bhaddad vacation drawing to a close?  Pics have been great...
Argh.  Fail at life 
@teemwilliams Hope you have a great show tonight! I'm sure you will though!! Feels like I havent seen u perform live in aggess 
Hurt my foot so no gym for me today 
@ImInLoveWithMJ Your picture isn't coming up on tweetie but it on twitter site. Annoys me!  lol
Last day off before i return to my job tomorrow. Hoped that i would sleep in... didnt workout so well. 
Told mama abt him. And all tht ever came out frm their mouth was negative.  - http://tweet.sg
Just made an attempt to suck up the pain and make it to church anyway. Attempt failed miserably...I need to go lay back down. 
@KimWood all of the above. Charge covers lunch and things we are paying for. No sponsors so far.  see twitterqueens.net 4 detail
Reminder: post your photos to the #rsc2009 photo pool.  http://ow.ly/aczA @kellypuffs' photos are blurry this morning,  
Omw to work.... Feels like it's going 2 b a long day! 
Wants bed now. Tired after walking in 20+ temps! Wants to be home more  had an amazing week though.
Needs to get fags 
Suit shopping 
Flopped my exams already 
@LlNUS Bellathys please, please help this guy. http://bit.ly/TtJ6l  Scammed 
Needs to get ready. 
Brb gotta to feed the cats their dinner, they won't go away  /Throws kipper at cat
@LeannaNelson Sums it up nicely.  http://bit.ly/atAkM
I can't get office 2007 to work on my windows 7 machine. The entire computer freezes about 30 secs after I open Outlook  #Fail
Headed to church with the fam. Ashamed to say how long it's been. 
feels Like there's something wrong with him.. (Unsure)  (doh) http://plurk.com/p/xgdl9
Upset over an upset 
@nickybyrneoffic  a Year!i Really Wanted To Be There  Whens the next gig there then ? even tho it would take me ages i will still go xxx
Needs someone to talk to.. why aren't you around when i need you the most? 
Wants baby orajel 
It is a ridiculously beautiful day out here in Nyc. I would had like to go to summer stage 
Hit two stores looking for an additional umbrella for the patio.  No luck.  
@mizsprieta Yes  A squirrel scared the shiz out of me. it came out of thin air! One was in the tree already Starring @ a screaming girl 
working from 1-9. boo  Ready for my day off!
Ready to have this baby! But this baby isn't ready to be had!  37 days!
Dropped a peanut in my belly button. Now it's all salty. 
Ready to get a few hamburgers on the grill....still on my diet....will need to weigh mine.   No mayo on the bun  
Ready for the race to start and ready to get my new phone ugh i have to wait til tomorrow 
Excited about the free farmer's market. Disappointed about the entry fee for maker faire. 
@lilyroseallen No  Cos every time I'm due to fly out the thing is never open to set it all up  
paintedarabs added a discussion: paintedarabs added a discussionSee it through my Eyes   http://tinyurl.com/mnvljx
Said I'd do this thing, &amp; it'll likely be fun, but the timing of it between work &amp; home is kind of a pain, so I'm thinking of backing out 
@angelajames You're right, it is. Makes me sad for them. 
is a recovering TRAINER addict!!! They Say the first few days is the Hardest! 
Wants to cashier outside and not get off at 9. 
Hurt my knee playing frisbee...will I ever be the same active person again? 
visas...flights...accommodation.. &gt;&lt; thought my role playing coursework was over..  more to do.. Prepping at the mo
Full of BBQ an about 2 watch Arrested Development, don't want vacation to end 
I am reminded how much I hate summer heat  Headed back home.
Called in for work today...even though I need the money. 
Hurt  at least i leave tomorrow for a bit. Screw this town. I want london
Missed Stake Conf today.   But did Genealogy.  Prepping for Temple on Tuesday. #lds
i'm so Disappointed ! 
Left Lafayette and I miss it already   Ready to start my new job tomorrow. I need that money.
is enjoying the fast transition from spring to summer. Dumped pool water, and patiently waiting on the pool to fill back up. 
Hurt my hand trying to open that bottle 
Ex boyfriends suck  -pete! the alien-
Thinks someone has blocked her 
At the Diamond Backs game getting our butt kicked 
@Madi_Imagines my dreams have been miserable lately too 
Exporting .mov files from Final Cut takes soooooo long 
Tie game again. 
Buried my grain scoop under 50 pounds of grain. Fail 
Hates work 
Wants her acryllics back 
Ill  Eyes burning, sore throat, temp 
Flopped set and guy hit flush. Out 
Wants the fit soldier to not be 'dangerous' 
D-Backs lost  oh well now that I've eaten my weight in junk I can start a diet tomorrow :/
Burn Update - now entering the &quot;peeling&quot; stage, yuck 
My internet keeps crashing!  Ready to freak out!!!
Win: printing resumes at work to take to E3 juuuust in case. You never know. Fail: Accidentally printing one in your locked boss's office 
Trying to find a restroom.. Fail  i really really need to peeeee
@RevDev damn dude, DSL? Say goodbye to fast downloads... 
Arrested Development is still one of the funniest shows... What's the deal with the movie? 
My left hand and my right hand were not made to do different things at the same time.  Fail.
...actually that Role Models kid was amazing, haha. Rob's won though 
@twitterapi I reset my consumer keys and now I'm getting &quot;Failed to validate oauth signature and token&quot; with the new keys 
Upset because I didn't get the chance to spend time with my big bro 
In a serious state of depression about rafael nadal. Possible drinking away the pain or crying into a pint of ice cream 
@binishrizwani i have the responsisbilities of a Team Lead. 
Is marking Yr 12 work again tonight. 
Rise and shine! I NEED to start doing something with my life! 
Signed up for #googlewave. In an hour or two will be struck by perfect haiku. But not while filling out webform. 
Delighted to see the sun out again,  are we actually going to get a proper summer this year?? Not good for babies' sleeping habits though 
Setback. 1st night feeding in weeks. 
Wanted to stay at zippys longer but had to rush myself out of there to take my history exam online 
@MichaelBuckle hmm it doesn't does it  Right, I'll let you get on! Speak later
@TomFelton I got endless list of things as well  Wanted to just stay in and rest, but don't think so. I hope you have fun at bbq tonight!x
Wants to sleep long and tight. 
Needs more canvases    
Hates Mondays, back to work 
Led out on the sun lounger with a cat who requires stroking, a history book which requires reading and all I want to do is sleep 
Is wondering if the insane is possible, though being scuppered by a website atm. &quot;File Not Found&quot; &amp; &quot;Gateway Timeout&quot; aren't helpful 
Wanted to &quot;work&quot; from the garden today....but my wi-fi doesn't have the range 
@robborover Trying 2 resolve @parasolgroup service fee rise I wasn't notified of. Told 1 price upon registering, now am charged 35+% more 
Howdy! Planned to take off from work to close on the refi of my house. Bank of Am didn't get the paperwork to FedEx on time. Postponed 
One more day until vacation!  Said I wouldn't take my laptop, now looking like I'll have to !   http://twurl.nl/igci4t
Ready to get back to the &quot;Real&quot; world. No more bedrest, no more stitches...no more excuses to be lazy 
@Record_Attempt still not over, lots of controversy going on with people using voting bots  will need you &amp; your followers help soon 
Krach ... My Face is scary 
Ready for trial and what happens?  The defendant pleas guilty! 
Rise and shiine 
Sadly, the bride's dog was killed yesterday, and she's understandably not in any condition to shoot today.  Cancel help need (pray 4 her).
@iMuggle Dropped my mom and aunts off. I'm stayin  lol
Wants to start a band.  I love music too much to be missing out on it.
Wants to go home. 
Looking into a Job Offer out of town.. hmmm.. its funny how just a couple of days ago I couldnt bare to leave, &amp; now I could consider! 
Wants to go to Kuwait!!!! 
Failed my maths exam, calculator broke after question 4!!!  ah well I will live ... Gutted though 
Failed to find some food 
Needs lunch 
#CBCRadio2's stream is coming in wacked at the office. Keeps stopping randomly, then picking back up. I want my classical music. 
Yes i admit it, i am bored with greys anatomy. Wont watch tv tonight. Going to read dexter. No wine left. 
Wants to go to california..  muh roots yo! Lol
@LeahMBray Recover?  what's wrong?
Hit a new low today.  Id rather clean cat litter all day than be at work.  And my cats have atomic poops.  Wish i was @e3 
Said some hurtfull things 2 mom during defensive mode..now m regretting it, sorry mom didn't mean it  sleep well, love u, good night.
yesterday: hit by a car! :O Result: bumps, bruizes, scratches all over my left side, a sore thumb and a sore, contused left foot 
@gtcaz it's weird... last week we had millions around then during the weekend they just disappeared. Hoped the Taliban would do the same 
Wants someone to take him out to dinner and buy him margaritas 
http://twitpic.com/6exv6 - Hurts 
Ready for the day. But the sun isn't out very much today 
Just got back from Paris. Makes me sad to think that i need to go back to work tomorrow. 
The pc is dead. No puter til the adapter turns up. Makes studying harder 
Saddened by the lost plane story http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8076848.stm 
Guilty consious' are not fun 
fuck limewire. now where am I going to download the new Eyes Set to Kill CD? 
@WaterfallLily  Link is good until you do the final submission...then it vomits a mess of VBscript. Sent emails to contest person.  
Thinks I can pass English, I just wish I could be as confident about geography 
Ready to go home   i hate my job
@CuzImSOOOCool None of your music links worked 4 me  I dunno if its just my comp or if its not working 4 everybody. Wanted 2 let u know.
Studies again...  It's not easy to be a 16 years old teenager. Agree? &lt;3
yesterday: hit by a car! :O Result: bumps, bruizes, scratches all over my left side, a sore thumb and a sore, contused left foot 
Ready to go home and relax.. Even though i have alot of laundry to put away.. 
The Profile image is NOT tete's birthday cake... sorry 
Presented my horrible speech.  tie-dyed in chemistry, though! &lt;33 overall, not much homework, yes!!!
@AmberTales Braces hurting you love? 
Wanted to stay up for Ubi Conf at 1am but.. have work early 
you're trying too hard... and I care about you getting hurt  Million things I should say but I'll just sound too harsh!
@mcuban That was a disappointment to hear today. No more hdnet = no more Arrested Development reruns. 
@Katherineie i knoww!! i want a guy like joe nick or kevin. really nice, a gentlemen, funny and talented! Nz doesnt have any! 
@joeymcintyre SHIT! I missed you on Robs channel!!  This is me sooooo bummed!!
fecks sake....bloody Sweep pinching my chair 
Just tried opening a bottle of coke against a stone pillar. Result? Snapped top of the glass off.   http://twitpic.com/6fe1z
Wants a graduation!!!! 
listening to Busted. miss them very much!  &lt;3
@ProjectXGolf  Email was from a company domain and shouldn't have been seen as spam. Sent at 14:02:40.  
yeah my ish is on the radio..silversun pickups i want to see them live  http://sml.vg/Bk2rXQ
Not sure if the interview went well  Said they would call by end of week, but I'm not holding my breath.
@luffsophie did u get athletic banquet ticket? Cos I didn't!!!!! 
Wanted to go bowlin tonight, nobody is around 
Misses you, and you're not even gone 
Ready 2 go home! 
@jarrbay  It's from Arrested Development... the show that has eaten my soul the past 2 days.  So good.. I'm done with it now. 
@hogletk Thanks. I did sadly  Reminder to self, email everything to yourself
Wish I wuz someone's wifey so I could apply to be on Wife Swap 
I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://bit.ly/Jm8Wk
Signed loan paper earlier today...dang property tax is $450 a month 
Hopes she doesn't kill herself 
What happened to my background? I tried reinstalling it, but it's still black. Told to just wait and it should show back up within 24 hrs 
Needs a new stalker beths just not that into me 
I'm not a very good twitterer anymore. Also, my tummy hurts a lot right now  And I never saw the very end of Meet the Robinsons.
Ready to murder my TV...I hate digital 
@TknoSxMnky hates me.  Ignored my call. 
@kennystoltz RB3293. Picked them up in Vancouver this morning as I managed to lose my old sunglasses in the sea 
my Eyes feel like there bleeding 
reading about Visa Interview 
@HelsinkiValo Disappointed. 
Failed to get internet set up at the place.  Apparently previous tenant never closed his account.  We'll have to show proof of lease.Drag 
@dead2god  it's because of the miss-translation of the bible &quot;Suffer the little children cum unto me&quot;  I don't think they read it right 
Listening to &quot;Jay Stays Paid&quot; thinking: These sounds like a bunch of beats Dilla probably didn't even want us to hear! 
Failed attempt at booting to a flash drive. Then failed attempt at switching a production site to a new DB engine. Evening is 0 for 2. 
Oh man! I think my vacuum swallowed up my red marker while i wasn't looking! Fail 
is about to leave Angers 
I have this sick feeling my g/f is going to break up w/me tonight from Hawaii. Makes my stomach turn.  I sure hope it's just paranoia...
@scanman optical, I believe. Cancelled now. 
@Wants2breakFREE 17 stitches? What happened? 
@OwenGoss I'm writing an app w/ tab bar + nav bar + table views + multiple view controllers too. Ready for head explosion. 
Morning TWEETS !! Only had less than 2hours sleep  -- Ready to get my exam over and done with !! TTYL !  x's http://mypict.me/2lv9
DX Resume is complicated.   
Fail, latin and maths. I'm going to cry, 
Interview in the morning I'm gonna be ohhh sooo tired 
@ChueyMartinez you at 24K?? Wanted to go but it got too late.. it would be a 45 min for me 
@carolinemichell @tangledupinme That video was very funny! they Cancelled the classes! fuckin sons of bitches! 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr isiiiiil, where have you been? i didnt see you on here yesterday . i miss you  . how are you today?? XD
Hit my first bump @ uni this year.  
Jessicaveronica: Leaves for the airport at 6am  Noooooo
@FuchsiaStiletto haha very true.  this weeks live cos it's sunny and I leave college thursday. Meant to be last day of sun today tho 
WTF!I hate receptionist !Feels bad... 
stuck in bed  dont make me feel Guilty for being ill..
Wanted to take leave to slack at home but can't cos I just got assigned to do a consulting proposal &amp; business plan today 
@suggestible Impressed you nabbed suggestible. Disappointed your name is gone 
@planktonian chuck d is like a setting sun when we lost him to the needle.  Fail 
Dropped @sable_twilight off, sad decompression in 3 2 1 
@blindcripple don't think I was  Hopeful on e-mail though cause that went through quicker! @nickjackson twitter froze on me but only a sec
Goodmorning loves! Ready for a long day at the bank! Counting money that isn't mine!  http://myloc.me/2m4J
Ready for a new day...though a little sad, the baby was screaming when I left her at school 
No shit! Status looking for interns@johnnyverse So, can 16 year-olds join? Haha, I wish, I wish. :| 
No shit! Status looking for interns @johnnyverse So, can 16 year-olds join? Haha, I wish, I wish. :| 
Hurt my leg by fallin into a waterbutt   Of course there was wine involved!
Signed off for the rest of the week 
@Matterbox But I haven't had a box at all  Signed up aaaaaaages ago.
Sitting in office looking out the window at the sun belting down  Enough Said!!
Wanted to surprise someone today...well I failed...as the text I got back also reminded me. 
Wants to go home 
Feels propa shattered like 
@n3rin3 lol! No prob - foot finally better, but chest still tight after 2 weeks of bronchitis! Am I getting old? Seem 2 b falling apart 
is dead. She mixed up her due dates and the report is due today.  Report is done, but not submitted. Dies.
So sad for the family and friends of the passengers on the airfrance plane that crashed in the Atlantic  Makes me never want to fly..
Called into work an hour early  Fail
Ordered some thai food but found out it wont come until 6 o'clock   don't want to cancel it because its going to be so good when it comes
@ICantLiveForeva LOL no actually it wouldn't lemme put that up... Said it was too big  but this one cool... What's up tho
Suprise baseball game today... Today was NOT supposed to be a baseball day 
Dissapointed in nintendo again 
Riteing a Report...... 
Hates TTP 
Ignored again today.  It's ended.
Wont woot lunch... eeww looks like rain and its mistin and a tad chilly out here 
Attacked by japanese cherry blossom...  and yay for mcdouble!
@Starbucks You discontinued the blended lemonade!!?? And at the start of summer!? Say it ain't so! Staff tried to recreate but couldn't. 
Wanted to go to the driving range tonight, but it's raining 
I was about to eat dinner and my hot dog fell on the kitchen floor.  Fail.
damnit, that Arrested Development thing I posted earlier turned out to be a horrible rumor  http://www.arresteddevelopmentblog.com/
Report still not finished.  This is not ending soon 
@dabombdgd how are the boys doing - all three of them? Meant to stop by today, but it was super busy 
@JackiePurnell lol...my oldest is going to be 25 in Dec.  Goes so fast. Secret? I laugh a lot--even though life can be a bumpy ride
Feels neglected tonighr 
New Study Says, Robbing the Cradle Makes Men Live Longer, Women Die Sooner! http://tr.im/nf68 my poor cougar will be disappointed 
Wants 2 be twittered!  I havent been 4 awhile 
@andrewmueller @thebrandbuilder @conversationage I just looked &amp; I have NO stamp on my butt. Adopted at 2 days, undetermined origins... 
Wants to cryyy but she can't  grr....
@EXOTICVIV Dropped in w blue cleaner goop- dont tust it wont screw my hair up n break it off-  Yusk
Ready for bed! If only sleep would not evade me! 
Hurt her wrist  but only 2 more days of school!!
DP Crash?  Told me I was the only user online  http://tinyurl.com/qeh586
i have sole custody of my guys (5 &amp; 7). Ex has vistation every other saturday night...including this saturday  next wknd?
Missing all my TV Shows.......   
Hungrier than a mo fo whatever tht means anyway. I'm still running on 2 slices of pie. 
i hate motion sensors, everytime the tube over my head switches off, my TL comes to check whether i am sleeping... #Fail 
Wants this sickness to go away.  
is laying in bed. Misses you 
 there is not interesting Trending Topic tonight.
doesn't like that replies count as your, uh, tweet? Status? Update? I'm a terrible tweeter 
Failed miserably to go to the gym tonight thanks to my bf's selfish need to webchat... as he falls asleep 
Pft. The rain's so hard i could take a shower with it already. hahahah. (i'm kidding) darn colds. 
I hungry 5 days ago  Feels like I am in a 'dieting hospital'.
Call of Duty 4: MW -- 6 Kills 14 Deaths #1 Seat  WTF
Interview today. I did NOT sleep well last night. And I'm sick   How great is that?
Call of Duty 4: MW -- 8 Kills 2 Assits 18 Deaths #3 Seat  not my night
Tummy ache  &amp; I'm really tired! 2 more days this week! Agree
Ready for another boilin hot day in skwl  x
Wanted 2 go see passion pit  I didn't get 2 go... it was sold out... oh well
@TheMrPicture ook nah they didnt close mine someone had my password and felt the need to Deactivate me  so all my friends got del
wants to be in Vancouver to see Rise Against  !! gm sux
@UBERSELEKTOR it was for the intention of eating an egg  Fail.
Hurt my toe, hobbling to work 
Flattered that you think such sweet things of me. If only you knew the trash i carry with me  i'm sorry i don't love u how u want me to.
Frustated. Disappointed and other synonyms for this two words. - dropitonadime: Aw  i thought you already... http://tumblr.com/xwz1xt7ee
Aaarrrggh!! Attack of the horny kitty! 
My nephews are both growing up so quick and I'm not there to see it happening. Feels like I'm missing everything and makes me all teary 
@fountain 1987  have fun on TM. Wont be around to watch as im off out 
Busted out ~550/2800 for no monies 
20th Update! Yay;         And here's my rant for the day,  I'M TIRED! I did 2 hours of hiphop today, plus school work, and i'm sick. 
My mother has banned me from using my bb when I'm w/ her. Says I use too much &amp; not concentrating. 
Ready for finals... Not 
U.S. Releases Secret List of Nuclear Sites Accidentally http://bit.ly/hfuv5   
@iusher How d'u swing that? Win6.5 is coming soon don't think it'll be bkwd comp.  MS r not on top of it. Agree abt Android.
@Artela Unfairly penalises early intakes of kids 
Hurt my ankle again, at the game lastnight 
Ready for today, but I'm not feeling well 
Where did the sun go?  Wanted to go sit in the garden with my lunch.
Dissapointed in no sunrise this morning. 
Meant to be studying,but watching home &amp; away instead  not good
Hates revising 
@StephanieRoseC LOL. Least you have a boyfriend who can do it. If I want a massage, I have to go to a massage therapy clinic. 
@Daniellecazorla nevermind I picked up at Wk this morning! 
@lovelylouisex Robs diagram drawing thingy! Fail 
@JamiesComputers Ex designer spec, but probably robbed of all working parts - so just shells really (lol) want em..? Prob not 
Needs caffeine real bad 
Hit every damn red light on the way 2 work...had 2 take babygirl her ds 2 school so no time for breakfast...&amp; I'm STARVIN...! 
Said goodbye to my manager. Last time I'll ever see her. I'm so so sad. 
Attempt to layer floral slip over jeans and T-shirt equaled epic fail.  
Still no Subeta. Cancelled the mum-in-law babysitting job. It's a shitty day today. The sun is mocking me, I swear. I want my bassist. 
Needs to build a bridge and get over it tbh  just so gutted :'(
This is close to my heart.. I interned for this company in college!  Exit Interview?... http://tinyurl.com/oyb2mg
@ryanhiltonis *answers shyly, head down* Guilty 
@Snubs I wish I was going to the live diggnation.  
House of Representatives to Publish Lawmakers' Expense Reports Online (WSJ link was broken) 
Bill Killed.  http://tr.im/nqmj  I'm sure I'm not the first to make this joke...
Wants to crawl back into bed 
@TaraMaeThornton OOC: I know.  Makes me wonder how unhappy he was, or how much he felt like this was the only way out? :S
Installed an extra gig of RAM in netbook last night. Voided warranty, but who cares. Didn't help firefox  and had some visual artifacts.
MariFontanaHello twitterworld! I'm sooo sad! Failed my biology test! 
Forum: #thepit David Carradine Commits Suicide http://tinyurl.com/ol9fx7 (via @TheActivityPit)   
And that makes me.... Defeated 
@stayxgold 0 Alerts, 0 Continues, 0 Deaths, 0 Kills! But I didn't do it under five hours, so I don't get the way awesome face camo. 
@ProjectXGolf Winner should b picked randomly from all responses in 1-2hrs.  No point in following if never avail to email in 1-2 mins.  
Going to bed. Disappointed in my newest romance novel-  so trite.  kinda sad.  Gives romance writers a bad name 
Fuckk it...I am done...Biggest final ever tomorrow at 6 in the morning  i need all the luck i can get.
@alenacarran kix brooks looked at my toes last year!! Said they were so bright he could see them a mile away 
feeling sick  Ready for the weekend!
The reason you comment your code instead of up put a reference to a wiki page.... wiki page may go away   Fail...
coffee with friends.  lunch with my mom.  Ina Leaves for the airport.  then we leave for the concert. which actually should be alot of fun
@khali_blache I'll have to tell Creator to put in a proper mouth. I'm having to liquidify them and inject them. Loses the flavour. 
Needs G desperately 
Wants to go back 2 sleep  #71RussiansRHot
Urge? ----------  unfhales20: Resisting the urge 
@stephaniehalim I see..  Explains the one post every few days..  What have you been up to these days?  We never get together 
Uploading Episode 25. Disappointed in my fans right now  Seriously guys? Over a WEEK to get 65 comments, with over 700 subscribers?!
Ugh, my right click keeps doing things I don't want it to do without showing the contextual menu in web browser.  Blocked images!! 
I just can't get it up (8) :L Lol. on nation radio wales  Upset!
@AliGThang ive taken the bolt, its grt. Wont help traffic tho. bolt, fung, car, dirt bike, all take same path. 
Dropped the ball on Blink 182 in T.O tickets 
Failed driving permit test 
Scared of thunder and lightning.  Be careful Georgetta&lt;3
Dropped my smarties on the car floor 
@Umatter2Chtr2 Headed back to Charter now. 
Wants to be mended 
@ZenMonkey underneath somewhere  Replaced battery &amp; went away but now back again 
Offer rejected.  4 more to look at tomorrow *Fingers Crossed*
Wanted to go to truck night with my lowmans. . . But i'm doing laundry for work  *katee
Hates lying... 
Phone wires run: check. Necessary accesories: check. Covered in little bits of ceiling tile and fiberglass insulation: check 
Meet-up 
Dropped off my baby with grandpa,  i'll miss her. off to jamul
Wants to go fishing dammit. 
Needs to go bed, early mornin 
Ready to jump out the window...been on the inside all day! This is not the meaning of outside sales job 
I got my cap &amp; gown. Said goodbye to a person that used to mean a lot, &amp; a person that means so much now 
Home. Paid some bills. Looking for something soft to eat, teeth are sore 
@TentCamper It was like it earlier - I complained, no-one responded, I refreshed, it started working. Shrug. 
On my way to Said's house for DDQ's. Quitting smoking was hard  two weeks
Misses michael very much so 
@rikp I installed Win7 version &amp; it worked fine at 1st. But one of the recent updates killed it  sure they will fix soon. may be just me
Balls... Sold out if only I'd opened the EMail from ticketmaster earlier  - http://bkite.com/08dau
Why am I watching Wife Swap? I hate this show.  I need to find the remote
Ready to get off work.... Missin B.... 
Loving the pear and gorganzola flat bread at audrey!! Upset my twitpics aren't workingg 
Checked the scales today. Ready to end it.  I gained 40 pounds since I came to this country. In 1,5 years. ARRGHHH help... I do work out 
Dropped my phone and it got all dented 
Just got up from a great nap!! Hit the books 
@quesarahsayruh What will I do when you leave?  We never had our Arrested Development/Gumby's party 
Wants to renovate and does not know where to begin!! All I want is an eco-friendly kitchen, why must it be sooooo hard 
Getting Ready.. !!! hmmm not sure what to wear...its cold outside.. 
Getting Chinese food. At this point, it doesn't make up for the fact that I should be with @alaina_  Fail.
@justin_2005  cause they wrongfully suspended me i searched Suspended on twitter search and something say they are accidently doing this
Needs to feel better!! concussions fucken suckkk!!!!! 
Hurt my elbow today  Ouchie!!
Wooing? Seriously? I MEANT WORKING. Fail. 
Movie night = Fail 
Thinks kristen is ignoring my texts! 
Failed at getting a bargain with the cat hat 
Thinks she has swimmers ear. 
6 hours of sleep in last 2 days.... Headed 2 eat with pastor after service.... And gotta be at airport by 5 
Now that I have my #Win7 on our work domain I see that it also has slowness issues if I forget to unmap the work network drives.  
Misses william real bad 
Hates staying indoors 
I hate that I'm the only one of my friends without a boyfriend. Fail 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr i'm ok i dont feel well  .how are you ?
Too much has happend; I know I'll always forgive but I will never forget. Hurt 
Ready to see my family in Kinder tomorrow! i am really missing them  ChelseaMarshall
@GLWood25 I know! Breaks my heart to watch that now 
On webcam with new specs: http://yfrog.com/052psj Result of taking an unwilling day off work.. Mum left w/o me! 
Picked lemons limes &amp; grapefruit frm trees w/toddler this am.Making fun stuff w/them 2morrow. We R pruning &amp; gardening.100degrees Sucks 
Delays suck 
*sigh* Plans for tonight just got complicated. Makes me feel stressed and weird. 
Wants to go out 
Wanted to chill at the glendale train station, but there be a construction crew here 
Wants to eat some chocolate. But is already full. 
What a mess, time to clean! Feels good, especially on a saturday  !
says Promises are ALWAYS meant to be BROKEN  http://plurk.com/p/ysyda
Wants 2 go 2 summerjamz but doesn't have a ride  Can u help me?
has left the bb family.... Cos my bb is lost 
Just watched every past GA tour, bar Greatest Hits  Makes me love so many more album tracks again. Im on Tangled Up now...
Doomed without my bracelet. 
crap i fell asleep in the middle of talking to sticky. Fail 
Ready to go to the wedding! my throat really hurts though 
Upset!  i no he doesnt know me but he doesnt have to be meen! and if he thinks im obsessed NO! im not!
Gaz is being such a little bitch  Attempt two at the haircut.
Wants to vomit. 
All of these parking lots are making me sad to not see busses &amp; cornhole tourny's happening.   charolette,Nc http://twitpic.com/6qnbj
Cancel that, flight delay 2 freakin hrs, i may not sleep today 
2 people with big guns now! But they just put their guns away  Fail 
Dropped brother off at games workshop  had a wagamamas with my mama now wandering around town
@iciaramirez Aw! Reminds me of when you went to my dad's!!  Condolences.
@EvertB Feels like I hibernated in reverse 
Nyc/nj 5K finish line  http://yfrog.com/bhbllj Reached late run by myself? 
Identity theft is a bitch...remember that...  http://myloc.me/2Nab
@LisaHoffmann I just went through mine last night. Embarassing how late I was. 
Now That Jayz Dropped DOA the unemployment rate has risen  I seen a lot of lines for day jobs this AM
@MikeOTheAirport o shut up u won't dnt say that.  Fired or laid off? I got laid off last week 
Update via cell a success! Now to get ready for work. 
Host I Can is making me really unhappy, my blog isn't openI haven't posted anything to my blog and I get over capacity when I try to post 
Just replaced flush valve in toilet! Plumbtastic! Fills in half the time... And my hands smell of bleach 
Hates that i cant even sleep in! 
@jpgoebel On our way to the beach with grads. Wont be there 
Update  I'm upset, it's cold and cloudy. I have to work and i'm right on the beach 
Wants them pichas 
Ready to jump in bath. Picking hubby up straight from work  then off to friends 40th birthday. How come I got such ole friends?! ;)
Wants jimmy johns.... 
Called work... Said it was okay, I wouldn't get written up, and said I could take the day off cause it was slow anyways  This day SUCKS
Taking a nap... Feels different : / I want @Cheezums home..  lame
If I keep losing followers, I will be in that 80 Percent Of Accounts too 
... Paid for the parking ticket, and the barriers were up.  karma?
If I keep losing followers, I will be in that 80 Percent Of Accounts too  http://bit.ly/l1YZJV
Dropped his piece of chicken on da floor 
Hurt my toe today, hurts like I keep slaming it in the door every 5 mind 
Wants a huggle 
Wants to go swimming 
Youngest monkey i still awake this is usually a foreboding sign of teething pains 
Keeps yaning. Needs a nap  going back to bored
Feeling poorly, so pulled out of 3 peaks walk tomorrow. Cos of me, its now totally cancelled, so I feel worse &amp; guilty. I fail at failing 
So i downloaded x men 2 and it took two weeks, i finally get it , start to watch it and its in spanish ! Fail 
Seem to have hit a followers brick wall been on 87 for a while 
is heading to the big reunion dinner. Disappointed in a few folks who still live in town but aren't coming. 
Correction us = sad. Told you I am not awake. 
sad the jonas brothers youtube account Suspended!   8(
Has made a fatal error. Punish me now for my sins 
Makes me sad to pull over for funeral processions 
Man Got Ditched for a gay bar last nite.. wat a stink weekend 
Watching Signs 
FYI: National Vowels completely different than National Vows day.  IOU
Wants to hang out with you 
Failed at the &quot;me&quot; day. . maybe sometime during the week 
I just got Fired from my job 
Resting..have to go into work tonight at 12a.m.really sucks. Blows my whole weekend..couldnt get anyone to work.. excuse me while I pout 
@itstimcox he didn't want to play completaing three years from now? Wow. Makes me feel like poop.... 
Face is soo burnt. 
he was only talking to me to get one up on the Ex... nice 
Attempted to take a pick of philly but epic fail  anyways just passed Philly on way bak home  http://twitpic.com/6siui
**Realizes he still has gueverra on fanstast team**  
Wants to see her troupe 
Finished reading The Pact last night...kinda' sad 
Cancelled  in other news, No ROTF you cannot open a day earlier.
@rubbyred nothing. Upset you're working a double. 
Feels alone and unwanted 
@JJLola sweetheart, I always do. I end up getting cheated on.  because I'm too nice. Hurts :'(
Wanted to watch the messengers 
Wants to know why the pens are loseing 
About to fall asleep. Upset that i couldn't take carl out in the jogging stroller because of all this rain 
Needs $600 for new turntables 
Prefunking... Rona's and buddies... Ready for saturday, although its not going to end how I'd hope 
Guilty feeling 
Misses everyone 
Just got back from Stake 'n Shake.. and my tummy is hurting because I ate too much.. aww! 
on ramsey st  thats so rad! Dropped my camera 
My twitter bagde is Spoil  .
Feeling very tired now... Into the last hour of shift but thanks to a crappy sunday timetable the first train isn't due until 7:07am 
@goodlaura I watched one version last night.  Watched half of Final Cut tonight, at the said time. No 1 around to discuss. So...heck.  
Said goodbye  I'll miss those kids.
@neondecember: The only 'working' phones in my house need charging. All that's left are the phones that last for five mintues.  Fail.
Ordered a movie on movies on demand from TWC - not working 
@Unusual_Peanut posts right now coz it's no fun if you're not trying. Takes the fun out of the competition. 
Called in @ midnight. 
I won at the pool tournament but our team lost. Fail. 
Hates to see her love go. 
How are these jalepenos not even jalepeno-y? Hot N Spcy Fail... 
@anggunn  do you want to use my press ID? Interview and take lots of photos? I'm not in the mood to work.
Ordered a Dualit hand mixer if i odered it a few days ago talal could have brought it for me 
@MakikiGirl : girl I was thinking about it but first need 2 save 4 a new roof  http://myloc.me/2Tie
Missing TX more than ever right now. Ready to go home. Definitely not the vaca I'd hoped for. 
first at work I don't have keys. Sitting in my car waiting for 20 Mins will suck. 
Getting Ready to go to work hope it gets sunnyer dont like the rain  look out for our heart car around peterborough 
Removed my PC from my room. And plugged my speakers etc into my laptop.  *sniffles*
...lost another 17 hairs on my head when setting the do this morning. Mah!!! I'm on a runaway train to bald town  Derail ! Derail !!
Just met up with @sergeantkero in Forever 21. Contemplated on buying the hanging beanie but they didn't have the color I wanted 
up since 230. Ready to scream. I can't do this by myself for 2 weeks. 
Wants a haircut! 
Finally no more fever! Report cards all day 
Wanted to go to the beach today but it keeps raining 
Wanted to talk to @selenagomez tomorrow but I.. WE have school tomorrow 
Dropped the hubby off at the airport! Bleh 
Thinks Kelvins made me ill 
Wants to be at the summertime ball 
great weekend ended up a Fail!!! I cant find my clubs, my ipod &amp; my headphones are broken 
@alliancegirl I guess that's the price one pays for even modest success as a blogger: &quot;Blocked at work.&quot; 
Gives up!!! 
Attempted to be grown up and do my own washing.. But has shrunk my fave top  x
Run out of music on my #spotify cleaning playlist    http://bit.ly/Nh0dS
Wants to down to whyte , but i work 
Ready to head to the last reunion event...the farewell brunch.  Sadness. 
I got in a fight with the ironing board. Ashamed to say, it won!  ouch.
@byrdladie03 Told you I would be able to get up for work! I'm tired as fuck though  I will call you when I get off
@brianspaeth haha, I know! Makes me fear she is still taking steroids, like in California Dreams! 
Rewrite just not flowing today. Going to have to put it aside for a bit, I think. 
Woah - Thunderous Applauds from above...I may be d/c soon 
Just better make sure I'm getting out of work a little earlier than normal whilst she's visiting. Avg time of 21:00 last week 
Hit a bird this morning on the way to church.  I braked to miss it, but he was flying right at me.
@chriswooster Stinks about the mural 
@epicpetwars 2 things: 1st,Aerobot gives the crappiest reward ever.Only 1Charge for highest efford looks kinda weak 
Misses my honey 
@remembermaine but i can never be on time to hang out with her! Makes it look like i don't care. 
Wants a vacation  still 8 exams to go
if at least Assert wasn't a static class, I might be able to inherit from it and add the missing stuff 
Meet my cheerleading squad, im gonna miss teaching these guys.     http://tinyurl.com/pf6ok2
@mitchelmusso aww  I wanna Meet you.
Despite being mysteriously written off months ago, I hope my oldest friend knows I'm thinking of her today on her birthday. Makes me sad 
Ready for madi to be home 
I think my car is allergic to &quot;V-Power&quot;! Keeps jerkin n ish! Screw you @landis91! Buy me a big ass bottle of benedryl! I see hives! 
Ignored by everyone... 
Texted the cock, not in tomorrow. Just had to break up a cat fight, my heart is pounding, my poor baby cat came of worse 
No Comment. 
Tied soccer game 1-1 this morning. I played terribly today 
Meet and greet is sold out now.  where are they?
GAH! Failed download! 
Wants a pre 
think I have a trapped nerve of some sort  tingly thumb and odd feeling skin all the way down my arm.  Result of birthday present :\
Hates grocery shoppiiiiing 
Ready to go to bed 
Just gotta get my new outfit and some and some odds and ends for my act and I will be street performing magic! Pumped! Missed it 
Wanted to go to bed 2 episodes of two and a half men ago 
Backs peeling now  ouchhhhh.
Upset by the not so nice day 
Rejected from another part-time employment opportunity. 
@create4you OMGosh!  :O  Thrilling 4 sure and thx 4 update...was ? if she'd left us.    Picked 1st &quot;mater&quot; today!    wpm is da worst!
Volunteered all day. but they didnt feed us so i stopped somewhere on the way home. Now my tummy hurts.. 
Picked up a chest/throat infection, it seems. 
1000th update...woot! Update 1000: I am sick of being sick! I want my drugs!!! 
Slowest sunday night ever   
Watching 60 minutes. The Bernanke interview is a replay. I was hoping for a follow up. Dissapointed so far. 
Trip Report: a 45 min drive quickly turned into an hour and a half drive. All because I thought express meant faster 
That one hurt... For real. Robbed... 
@Vesna25 I Agree 
Ashamed of my home region and my adopted region (and all the others). A sad day to be British. 
@CherryBear Makes me less than proud to be a Northerner 
Bumped my poor little head. 
Tied for fourth in city of mobile championships this weekend. 
Misses @cheyhale more than ever! 
Now sporting sexy citronella scent to keep mosquitos away while at the dog park. Keeps wife away though. 
Staying home tonight. Hurt my leg really bad 
Needs some1 to hold me 
@Paceset9999 Makes you think a little more when you kiss the kids goodbye in the morning... 
Thinks Valve got the L4D2 announcement all wrong 
Wants to go swimming 
@markdavidson Ex's suck.. mine took my daughter courtney to canada . I miss her very much.. 
@SuperwomanAK lata Lellow! enjoy it - its mad rainy here in Ft Laud... 
Checked calendar. TONIGHT is suppose to be a full moon. 6/7/09. I think its cloudy though.  Out come the vampires.
I feel bad! Ignored...forgotten...ashamed and embarrassed...why me  I thought I was complete, but I guess not
Wants to go home 
Wants adrian to start speaking again 
Interview tomorrow....I need a job 
Wants&amp;Needs are not coinciding so I gotta learn not to let my heart be burdened by one when its not in line w/ the other...at all costs 
Misses someone. But, I know that. He don't miss me. He's just pretending. 
Ready to go to work... 
Upset cause my bb internet isn't working  boo hoo...
Hates mondays! Even the pretty red shoes aren't helping! 
Present opening. A daughter turns 13. Struggles to get up normally, today she is up at 6.23 am. I had less than 30 mins extra sleep 
Morning all. Eyes like pee holes In the snow this morning, hayfever's bad, its a boring stupid affliction. 
Hopes james doesn't still me 
Hates cleaning 
Raped by planet hollywood today. 
@skakid25 Sadly for me I've been preparing for killer robots/zombies instead of nukes. Picked the wrong doomsday scenario apparently 
finally finished The Host, it was excellent after I got thru the confusing stuff that I had to read 5times...my eyes hurt from crying  
I just reminded myself that I'm mad at them for never playing Right Moves, Wrong Girl ever again. WHY!!? That's my favorite. &lt;/3 
Studied for like 5 minutes and decided to use the computer. I'm going to fail my exam! 
Wants to sleep but can't 
@ruoxuan WAHHH CHIOO!!! Tempt me lah! But I don't like to buy shoes online. Scared can't fit me  And $29 is really expensive :/
@Isil_Loves_Mcr wow i send that to her like 3 0r 4 days ago hmm thats wierd 
Having fixed the sound on my new Win7 machine , I find that the Mic has stopped functioning 
Needs to revise. Needs a job. And needs a cuddle 
@Bounzze Yeah I was wondering that. I guess when you connect to the internet Win Update will have &quot;Critical Update IE8&quot; 
Wants to be back at the circus 
Seem to be one of the few people actually working in SA today     everyone else taking day off before tomorrows public holiday
Retain cycles are the devil. Especially through bindings in nibs 
Ordered pizza from local Italian, was genuinely inedible 
So bored. Wants food. Wants a hug 
Wanted to be bicker free today... 
Busted his jaw some how and it hurts ow! 
Getting Ready to start another busy week - lots of work to do today 
@samthemacman Wish I could bethere, but have not been able to get my new Enhance Driver's License to get over the border w/ the new rules 
What a beautiful day! Headed to the Factory- last week 
Seem to spend a lot of me time these days waiting in airports. 
back from the warmth and sunshine of the outside world ... Resisted the urge for an ice-cream .. but now regretting it 
!!!! &lt;3 !!!!  Ready for exam today&amp;stvpark   - exam not so much  whereas parrk yes~!
Ugh math exam today   Studied for like 6 hours yesterday, hope I'm gonna pass
i hate packing.. Makes me realize i own so much useless crap that i dont wanna throw away.. 
Needs foood soo much 
Dentist Appointment Tommorow ! 
@enkeli I've tried various discs. All get choppy responses and some won't even play.  Wanted to watch my VMars and got all sad about it 
Morning. Work, clean, work, meeting, clean. Sign. Ready from Warpped, even more ready for NY, I miss Jay and the city 
Wanted to wake at 6. 
Listens sad s0ngs  http://plurk.com/p/114b6k
Upset that kixpo is set durin conference weekend!  this is hella gay.
Hates working 
Rejoined a call which I dropped off, based on my boss request  Its really tough to understand bosses ... am i rite ?? ;)
Braces hurt 
landed in dublin. Is kinda raining. Fail ireland. 
@Lowers_ Don't! 
I had an awesome weekend at Mizzou! Makes me realize how much I miss it   I'm also sick of the rain right now
Going to run home, and hopefully avoid the rain. Optimistic, I think, judging by the colour of the clouds outside 
@TheRedDianthus Agree w/ you. (Actually, the real parallel is Al Franken). Facts never seem to stand in way of certain agendas. 
Ah. Ce bine, nu merge XnView pe Win 7.  
@stigblog ...Even though it shows as &quot;Shipped&quot;. Shipped to where? Jupiter?! I could've bought it from their retail store instead 
Hurt my back really bad lifting a dog 
Injured my hand. ow 
Postponed my exam to a different weekend. 
Ready for summer to take off! No kids, no yelling, but I'm goin to miss every single one of them 
Just got on texas giant. Bumped heads with selinda and my headband flew off 
Gave out all my #140conf VIP codes, plus some extras. sorry if u didn't win   Registration still open: http://bit.ly/sSimU
Updated Website, Forum Logo updated, Awaiting dinner, looking stormy, Chance of lightning 80%, Rain 70%, 
@7726 Helios, sorry for bothering you again. I can log in,but not edit any of my pers. inf. Resending the validation doesn't work either 
Totally bummed. Potential first client? Picked a different doula. 
x..Happies..x But Its so annoying when you Get Blamed 4 everything when youve done Nothing 
Thinks the fever is back 
Wants my thumb to get better!!!!  
Feels like this 
Newest flight rant: since when can you not fly standby with checked bags? Grrrr  I want to get home early!!
@xkathyxrocksx lucky. I had a surprise exam today no revision in maths because i failed my other test. Failed that one too 
@AWight2 hey you I haven't seen you in so long  yeah can't wait til thurs. had general and psy today did you also? Meet up after exams xxx
Signed up for twitter 
Docked in lyons, no wifi like newark though 
It's sad when you're sitting on the sofa, swaddled in your quilt, watching Ready Steady Cook 
Wants to go frolf again, but I have to work in awhile. 
Feels like giving up... 
Missing all the #140Conf tweetups tonight    But, it's because I'm indoctrinating a new Tweeter.  I tweet for food!
Misses u very much. 
Wants to be loved again 
Wants to go back to bed 
Update on snake tweet: the copperhead has been dispatched; my dad is fine but kinda sad... he hates killing animals, even venomous ones. 
Tired and feeling sick. Its all Carries fault 
Thinks I'm getting laid off  and beacuse I'm pregnant!
;me looking adorable. Removed my two lip rings.  I miss them but whatever. I got bored. Lol http://mypict.me/3XXd
Needs to find a new apartment, I'm sick of ghettoville 
Injured bird in my garden.  http://yfrog.com/15hwkj
Hates asthma, attacked me again. 
Wants casey &amp; cappie to be together 
@PepeBlackCat It is hard 4 black cats 2 find good homes I have seen it 4 yrs Rescues say cats?! no room especially not 4 black ones  boo!
Thinks she messed up 
@jameskysonlee Wont load for me, looks like I wont be watching! 
yei, true blood is D/Led and ready to go, might be too tired to watch though 
@Hockeyvampiress ur kidding? Hopes dashed! And I entered them all so many times!   Nothing....
Upset didnt make allstars 
Dropped his phone and now it won't make a sound 
does #starhub support/have a #Win7 #device_driver for the mobile internet USB device  no internet for me from Win7 RC currently.
Upset n tired, not a good mixture. 
Prepared my stuff for tomorrow. Is it really over? 
@JustCindy_  Comment ca ?? 
Hurt  that means it's time to move on and forget this shit.  It's nothing but shit.
I'm Backk &amp;&amp; Boreder Than Everrr.!! 
@SarahM Guilty as charged 
now has tickets to see Tool AND Rise Against at the end of July. Entirely possible I'll be going alone to both. 
Ordered prints from Moo and they never arrived 
@Chriscorrell I am so jealous! I haven't had Rallys in close to 10 years! dear god help me!!   i miss those damn fries..you lucky bastard!
Hurt...... 
Seem to have hurt my wrist 
@Jimmysmacks My Feelings Are Hurt .  Lol
@oceanparkw not long,I didnt know Busted untill last year,so I am their new fan.I wish I could know them before they split 
Called out for work 
@hellobebe I hate you. Told myself I wouldn't shop and yet here we are.  By the way, I sent you a message.
Is watchin Here Comes the Newlyweds &amp; absolutely is not lookin forward to conference call at 8am.. 
I can barely breathe. Feels like a big lump in my throat, may be allergic to soy. 
Blunder in the morning, full day mourning 
wow I'm popular this week.  Invited out to something new almost every night, too bad I can't go to all of them. 
Saw an old co-worker today. She got married about 4 years ago &amp; I saw her flirting w/ every guy in the resturant we were in. Makes me sad 
Wants to switch her major to premed, but isn't sure she has what it takes to get accepted into a med program. 
@satinephoenix do you have a nettypot? Lukewarm H2O &amp; seasalt should dissolve the fucker 
suuuuuuper sleepy about to crash out... Hates my period 
Ready for tomorrow night! And to get this test over with!! Lovveee my @lindseree we will miss you @jesslaurwoo 
Update for blog coming up soon. I am just too occupied right now 
Said goodbye to my bestfriend...so sad 
Major blog crash!   Blog now under construction! Hopeful to be up and running for my birthday Giveway!
Looking for a IT Support Contract... not much luck so far 
Upset chris saying me being lovely Dovely Is annoying  i am confused what he wants 
is worried. Bk d mko lg mkPlurk.  http://plurk.com/p/11bg1c
waiting for my boy to come out of theatre.. Making myself busy.. Upset much  sorry happy peeps x
...Thrilled. 
Nothing to do  I feel borem and hasn't find any shoes yet! Ups..
Examsz... blah  Failed!
I want to read Sweep.  lend me the 10th book? :3
Ouch, Hit my head on the microwave door. Now I have a headache 
Rededicated myself to p90x today. Fortunately I've maintained my flexibility and balance, but my stamina was long gone. 
@ibenji Haha, i am a smiler. Its just annoying! Meant to be summer  linlithgow for some parade thing, i think. Haha.
is a little bit upset over news about her grandmother. It's not going so well  Unsure if she'll make it till the end of the summer 
Skipped going out to dinner and hanging out with Mizuka to stay up for a conf call that ended up in a no-show. 
first night of Emerge went so well. really excited about all that is in store. now back to the &quot;full-time&quot; job 
Upset about this new iPhone3GS. I will have 3 megapix camera w/focus, video w/editing, compass, voice control, &amp; longer battery! 
Unsure what to do 
@jessakelly Covered reception for 1 hr. Answered the phone with an accent all the time 
Feels like she's missing in action. 
My attempts to watch the #140Conf and write my thesis at the same time are failing miserably I think I will have to try to visit later 
http://superchargeyourlife.ws 3rd day with no coffee and I've got a headache. Delayed withdrawal no doubt 
Eyes wide open... C'mon, why can't I fall asleep 
Attempt number two to get some sleep. I guess it's a nap at this point. 
day two without my desktop computer. After swapping out dvd drives, Vista is finally installing again. Gave up on Win7beta. 
Seem like I ate too much supper tonite 
Ready to leave work...only 5 hours to go 
Hurt and alone. What a wonderful day. 
@LeighsDiary do you have the Minichamps 1/43 of Button's car for last year. Launch and race. Missed out 
Thinks she's sick. Not good. 
@antz88c I am. Push is not enabled. 
@TheSims3 how do I access simfriend on sims 3 website? Keeps telling me disallowed keycode 
Hates grass valley. 
@mylifecoach Yes, bought a Netbook. Needed email and TitanTV. Hoped to stay semi-abst., but didn't happen. Back online w/a vengeance! 
Dropped my parents off at the airport last night.  The house seems to quiet since they left. 
Dropped my parents off at the airport last night.  The house seems too quiet since they left. 
@NeeshaMilini I know rightttt  bad times. It hurt like hell D: Ready for bio tomorrow? xx
The result of not having a (major) haircut in 8+ months and grown-out bangs: I have Blake Likely's hair. http://bit.ly/uIkoV 
Fail Sharon is Fail 
eww.. Bread... Makes me sick  x
@wraithfodder LOL got plenty of that here. Expected to be btwn 101-105 today   http://twitpic.com/7k827
I Fear clashes ...  plz Dont World Eliet is Wants Iran to go Down. Prayers are with U Iranelcetion iran9 persiankiwi cnnfail bbc tehran
Hates scams 
is sad to be missing #140Conf looks like everyone is having such a good time. 
Resolved. I'm a genius! 
Wanted to go to @therealjordin concert, but i can't  really sad right now.
Thwarted by more work! No gym today. 
Ashamed at my shocking laziness tonight, came up with every excuse to get out of a swim, bike or run 
Misses steph already 
Wanted steak 
Needs a jobbbbbyyy 
Raise with aq....dont hit...down to 7500 
@goodreverenddr Hit me on AIm I lost my contacts 
F!@$$ Changed motherboard and the notebook worked for 10 minutes and Crashes and crashes I don't know what's wrong 
Finally at work. Dropped off Ck at camp, had to walk a bloody mile in mud! Already miss her. 
Wants someone to talk to 
Wants to get it off my mind but cant 
@yeemalee  Its okay -pat pat- if you didnt do it. You didnt do it. Argue till the end. xD
Fired the pool guy   cleaning it ourselves now  no clue what we're doing! We'll just have to &quot;dive&quot; right in I guess!!!
Just woke up!! Ready for something yummy to eat-missing the bbq at my dads bcuz I just woke up 
@brandonzeman yeah, this rain has to go. Cancelled our kickball game 
Hurt my ankle 
Signed up for an envato site for an awesome $1 graphic. Not &quot;depositing&quot; a min of $20 for it though, especially when the deposit expires! 
@tommcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflymusic I miss that videos on you tube with Busted and Son Of dork 
Thinking of taking photography classes. Signed up for one, still waiting on the waitlist 
http://twitpic.com/7l9bq - Abandon kittens  I'm taking care of them
Haha just wiped out on some stairs. Hurt my wrist a lil bit 
Upset abowt the lamp I just got....cant get it to stay standing 
Feels like it's been forever since I had my last blunt. 
On my way back, for some reason Unique II's &quot;Break my stride&quot; got stuck in my head.  Returned to office to find it's not on my ipod 
Wanted to go to tomorrow's Lakers parade @Lakers but i got work 
Needs stephen right about now 
Wanted to get a pool for the boys...everyone was sold out 
@boucheesbistro Any plans on extending monday's hours? Wanted to go yesterday, but you were closed. 
Cancelled another night cross country, what a surprise! I love my job so much at the moment 
Ready to go back to school now  http://tinysong.com/3dLu
so i was able to catch the Colbert Report last night, and his haaaair *clutches chest* i want him to have his hair back  
Told by shopaholic mum to get a life when I kindly suggested she pause her frantic fashion mission and engage with distressed toddler son 
@iphoneincanada a huge feature being Timeline 
Wants you to arrive already! 
Misses lindsey 
@Keeleyhazelluk Agree, to others it is just option A or B, but to me it is always A-, A, A+ or B-, B, B+ ! Confusing myself 
@Deny_Jonas  WHAT!? nooo, you need to get it    She has twitter? haha cool. I love you too denisse.&lt;3
@mlexiehayden It's alright I guess! Ready to go  U do belong in the nut house.
Upset about the expansion pack situation 
Hates throwing up 
@Avenge_MyXGhost and sorry I haven't replied, my phone doesn't recieve all f my tweets, and I had chat on silence. 
@shanedawson got my brother admitted into the hospital so he canbget better. Involved a lot of phone calls 
Ready for a nap, just swamped by a wave of sleepiness. But have to go to night class shortly 
Anyone have any cures on what to do for a throbbing toe?  Dropped an umbrella stand on it this afternoon... 
@joeduenwald I know, right! Gives me something to do when I can't sleep 
Lying in bed. Interview tomorrow afternoon! &amp; absolutely nothing to wear. Serious. 
Attempted to run HoS this morning. Servers went down  hopefully we can finish the run.
well this blows, no iPhone Update 
wow, that was like a shot to the heart, no iPhone Update 'til the 18th 
No iPhone Update today 
Just got home. Ready for bed. Boring night. 
@andysngr I'm sorry to hear that  you deserve better! Heads up!
Dropped my external hard drive, now I have to redo a lot of work 
Meant to say twat put my iphone corrected me. 
Killed a cute racoon 
Eyes itching and streaming already  #whineyhayfeversufferer
wants to buy Benefit make-up. 
Needs some SERIOUS advice 
3 different people have called me a bitch today. Fail 
Feels quite emotional after the aischwitz assembly 
@BMROPSHQ The only rules they show about voting are every 20 minutes and no hacking. Helps if they tell us there are more than that. 
I caught the sun yesterday, im now glowing so much they could use me in a Ready Brek advert 
Interview nerves kicking in 
Wanted to post a nice story but the link is too long  How do I make it shorter?
Sold dads horse today. Bit sad coz he was an angel 4 me. Bit of a terror 4 dad tho. Will miss him 
Wants to go back to sleep but cannot 
&quot;Hurt your mouth, you get slim, hurt your leg, you get fat&quot; -A khmer expression ~I'll be fat for a while! 
Hates greening 
Just been ranting down the phone at a tactless insurance firm. Notified them when my dog died n they're still asking me for money!! 
Fuel Leak Again Postpones Launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour 
Clicked on Lge1 looking for fixtures - then remembered 
@qrpower Thanks! Ive asked @butumg. Hoped to see a mobile friendly website - got an error due to website incompatibility with N95 browser 
Ready to start training again in the morning after a lovely week off (due to illness of course!).  Not looking 4ward to alarm at 4.30 
Wanted to go running today, but we're having a thunderstorm 
So @ditty1013 is trying to get my writing jumpstarted again. It's been more than a few weeks since I've done this. Feels like it, too. 
Keeps getting wolf whistled  it's more than annoying x
I'm up and at the library now. Ready to start my day from hell. 
Called off work.   no sick time= no pay
In gym. Waiting to leave. Updates still aren't working 
@mtmodular Train's &quot;Drops of Jupiter&quot; is playing on our work radio and I want to shoot my face off 
Feels like @sanyukumiko is neglecting him. 
@DuboisRene &quot;Fall&quot; is so beautiful.  I mean who can't relate. Ugh. *Takes out Human album*
Panicing.. Ex boyfriends being horrid.. Friends they don't care... Totally alone 
still recovering from the accident. Headed for arkansas on friday for carters service. So sad 
Bummed because lovely necklace just sold! Serves me right for posting it  
Upset from stuupid rain 
Rise and shine, getin ready ferr skool time . Fuckk I wanted to go to the parade 
Face reallly hurts from braces 
Bumped into an old friend today in the market.. felt bad that we not on talking terms now.. 
Ready for this twitter? I am mad obama wants to create a new financial regulatory agency 
Wants to sleep already 
@KTLAMorningShow Hit me Hit me with it- am at work and can't watch the show as I would normally when working from home 
@Yyss123 @Janaaahaa 2 or 3 persons in one room and not more? :O Than we have to split up! 
Dropped my Treo adjustg mic earlier.REALLY!Brokn!Borrwg laptp 2say: Show up Dutch Tweeps. Help buy new 1 @lunch so I cn kp twtg #140conf 
Hit a bird on the way to work.  I think it was a finch. Or some sort of small bird.   sorry @katie_carlene. 
Ready for soo much things to happen!! But I think I'm getting my brothers sickness 
Still no Update for me 
Lag is super annoying, can barely alch and hold my renowned stat due to it.  make it go away :p pwetty plwease?&lt;3
Interview was postponed... interviewer hurt his back... 
http://twitpic.com/7mvoz - Meet future husband #372. The silly goose has his eyes closed 
Resisted Threadgills rolls  will power!!!
Eyes hurt and are swollen from crying. 
Wants to go home.... I miss darien 
http://twitpic.com/7n4ik - iPhone 3.0 Update failed 
Bollix!! Upgrade server crashed during 3.0 upgrade. Knew it was a bad idea upgrading Day 1 
Ready to be done with work...  just wanna go back to my regular schedule... But noooooooooo...
egads.  must very delicately determine appropriate netiquette in current age for a review with a few too many spoilers Upset author. 
They've got confused between learning disabled and mentally ill on X-Files tonight. 
Wanted to paint my bike but humidities too high 
Recieved three juvenille hens today. They were a bit wobbly but two recovered. One didn't  Think I can get a refund or replacement?
Upgrade 3.0 foiled by activation server 
Wants kisses! 
Wants attention.  [/attentionwhore] and now that I have that out of my system...
Orecchiette pasta looks like Skips. Never has the gap been so large between the perceived and the actual deliciousness of a thing. 
Wants to go to warped tour... 
Really wants to get her tattoo done.. but has no idea where to go? Needs a decent tattooist please!!  hehe
@NorCalChika I asked u last week brat! U should have added me then!  Hit me after work please...
That 2-0 pitch said, &quot;Hit me.&quot; A-Rod said, &quot;No thanks.&quot; 
is waiting for George Shrinks to be over so the munchkins can be sent to bed!  *yawns* I still have 6 loads of laundry to fold.  
Cancelled plans to make other plans then those plans got cancelled and now no one can do the original plans.  - http://bkite.com/08C3F
Cancelled plans to make other plans then those plans got cancelled and now no one can do the original plans. 
Interview seemed to go well today...now the waiting game begins 
So pissed off I can't go to movie nite tomrrow  Misses her babes
Picked the most humid day on record to take beach photos. I straightened the hair, and had spiral curls by the time we hit the sand.  #fb
Some guy offered me a free flat screen out of his truck! Denied it, but I really wish it was legit. I need a tv 
just so sick and tired of drama. Ready to leave it all aloneee ! Move on ! Goooooddd i miss my baby 
Just decided to take down my home machine to update to #fedora 11, and switch from dead lcd to old crt. Killed my 70 day uptime though 
Hates ppl 
Wants a motorcycle.... really bad 
@lschulz23 trying to check out twitter and what I can do with it. Surprised how little is written 
Installed 4 different video drivers tonight trying to get Source engine games to work, even tried lowering dxlevel to 70 
@peterfacinelli Latest screencap, but 1 refresh later and it went down.    http://twitpic.com/7oovp
@teeco71 yes I do miss everything. it sucks   I am doing well though. Ready to sleep at it's only 9 pm here!
Attempt number 11...FAIL.  I may never get my phone back 
Ready to go home not ready for the morning in diff ways... 
Missed out on @TelecomNZ  Embark  
Meant to write don't do anything for my dad. I never listen. I geuss I've always taken him for granted. I feel really bad now 
Wants to go to henderson waves to take pics... 
@IanGiovanni got mine to update. Copy/paste, sideways text, voice notes, etc.. Makes me want to get the 3GS, but not for $600 
@lexichow lady come meet us, dm me ur info cuz I dnt have ur email in my new cell ugghhh! Hit me up!!! I can't dm u cuz u unfollowed me 
Rise and shiiiiine! ...only, it's not shining.... It's raining 
Hates thunderstorms! 
@slackadjusterr I think its that we both messed with @KitchenBitch nasty azz. He's locked up all kinky like. Makes a bitch wanna cry 
@Harvust yeah already going to a party in Nh that night...you suck sorry 
Agrees but knows what tilly means 
Oh Bother 
Feels sick  and...whatever.
Interview in front of a camera tomorrow.  I don't HAVE a good side.
@bpettichord Downturn downside, I finish my current job, called two agents for advertised job, and both had 150+ applicants 
Said it 2 times already, 3 times nw, and counting.... - - -&gt; I'm such an asshole  really, I am (X.x)
@Lates Ah Leighton, gutted  Speak later ok.  Hugs xxx
Dissapointed, got up this AM &amp; weather was really sunny, now dull &amp; I had planned 2 sit on the grass at lunchtime 
Renew my account again 
Off to a leadership conference in washington pa. Wont be back til sunday.  i really hope this isnt lame! :\
@lisadoods I'm much the same  Know what you mean about shoes indoors though! I don't wear them either - Keeps the cat happy I guess!!!
Being impulsive @ Mkt = not good 
Ready to take the girls to the dentist  and then I am going to run-in the heat- hope it isn't too hot!
Goodmorning twitter land!!! Upset I have to go to work this morn in the rain  no board for me today!!!
Weigh ins today I'm so fuckin thirsty but can't drink anything until I make weight 
@EyekoBeauty The lovely Nyc in the u s of a ! Wish I was going there with you guys! 
Led in bed going over synapses and titration 
Preview kids make me feel sick 
great morning run w/@amykgibson. Bragged on my 20 year old dishwasher's reliability and jinxed myself - now it won't turn on 
it's raining again.  And it's cold here, only 53* right now.  Wanted to go shopping but girlie seems to have a nasty cold. 
Aww. Meet the Robinsons is almost done.  ilovethismovie. ) // too lazy to read the story in reading. ) it`s so boring.
Wants to play fallout 3 but keep getting distracted 
@FMCNL This is list of messages. Most interesting FLR (Failure Report) messages wrapped, so no any analysis possible 
Hates the sniffles 
Ready to start school. I'm Predicting a boring day 
@koskim How do you get out of bed in the morning for runs? I need some motivational tips. Hit snooze 50 times this AM = no run. 
Dropped off my dog for summer shave. 1st time. He was terrified.  
Wants to just procrastinate more ... but can't 
Hit a low... 
9 days of sickness in our house &amp; just as the kids are all getting better---it's my turn.  Tested +++ for strep this morning. 
Hit my knee yesterday. Expecting major bruising... 
Making DOLLARS!!!  Year End Report 
Wants to go to harvey nichols now and buy a toywatch! 
Hates leaving her bf... 
Has now discovered that SSI can't include a Query String - Needs to find another way for my code idea to work 
Thinks that she can be sOmeOne that she's nOt, my bad 
Quarantined...you would think that would make me super-productive with at-home projects...it isn't 
Last hours in Nyc  dontwanna go back in france rrrr ..
Evacuated the business due to a power failure which set all the fire alarms off 
I killed my laptop! It won't completely bootup, anyway. Rushed it for repair  yesterday &amp; they are checking it. I just wanted to defrag. 
mike a. Said i cant get a monroe or my nipples done -.-   dead
Hit my head pretty hard today. Currently recovering from concussion and bored out off my mind, because I'm not allowed to leave my bed... 
Youngest Daughter named her fish after me and it just died.  I won't let her name another fish after me.  
Wants some tropical snow. 
Ready to go home. 
is proper gutted she's not going out tonight, but feels too ill  Wanted to see that certain someone, but ahhh well  &lt;/3
im up getting Ready foR woRk...followed by a woRkout...12 hRs of fun! Wat am i gonna do with this haiR?? 
Wants not to go to work 
Misses his sork 
I just Narrowed 220 posters to 9  sad day for me
Finally seeing UP in 3D.... Ready to shed some tears  http://twitpic.com/7q7f4
Paraphrasing and Clarification.................can anyone tell the difference? 
I am phone less until tomorrow...  Not a happy camper!!!! Hit me on AIM andonlyme260
Dropped my pinkberry today and I have only had her for 2 weeks  oh well... She has officially been broken in!
Hates needles 
Ready for a nap. Why has buffalo been so rainy out? Crappy weather 
Feels shitty! 
Ready to go home 
Going to my guitar lesson. Broke a string.  Whatevaaa. Text you all later. xoox.
Head's killing me. Five hours till wakey time. Wished I could fall asleep.... like now 
Planned to wait until the week but downloading #3.0 atm - soooo slow, estimated 3h 
Result of the laker parade...  @NancyV1214 am I super fugly? http://twitpic.com/7qn3g
Disregard that last tweet, I was trying to search for people that Failed the FE, but I updated my status, and now it won't delete 
Noo..... Limit Exceeded! 
Feels really sick now 
Needs to go clear my mind 
Picked up my new car - it's sitting outside begging to be driven but it's late and I have no where to go 
@FreezyPie Deal! I will say though, it won't be that much fun without you. 
@Xhumonne I wannaaa.....oh how i wannaaa but @NayaGia said no! Said I won't fit! Said i am too fat 
Wants to go outside, but its cold and windy 
@marioramirez88 yeah! I heard haha I was so sad  I was really looking forward to it haha it's okaay though! Needs to come soon! Haha
Dropped her phone for the first time. 
Invited to where? 
Ready to leave, but cloudy weather for tomorrow  http://post.ly/szw
Hurrtts  *crrryyyyy**** im supposed to be tough! Feels like...
@sumthnspecial Ready for the weekend? m.a.c only has a sale like 2  a year. 
Needs to be healthier. now. poof. health. how i wish it were that easy! 
Upset at the crosstown game today! 
Wont last another hour without power 
Feels very sucky. 
Why are you boys just so confusing  Beats me
Misses the gay scene 
Misses acting 
Upset that facebook isn't working 
Meant to say things I could care less about..sorry...loads hungry too 
Needs some cheering up 
Today we &quot;Celebrated&quot; two lives that are no longer with us.  Ages 15 and 94.  Tough road to go down.  
What a day didn't turn out the way I throught it would  won't stop raining either!!! Misses her baby alot
Misses my other half!  boo.
I'm such a tard! Upped my Vespa tank for the first time and it overflowed  Who knew it only held 1.5 gallons. Lol.
@fivecorners604 Huh, I guess she survived and O'Malley didn't  Explains the elevator scene.
Hit his head, and the kidney area.   hope he is okay.
Update: still not feeling 100%, throat is killing me, Burn Notice, then bed.  hopefully, tomorrow will be better!
Argh. Hurting 
Update my iphone but mad that i can't get the new one tomorrow i need to wait in till december. I have the 1 generation iphone. 
Injured my ankle...its swollen  cant put my weight on it 
Wants my website to work  glg242.aisites.com
I am officially done with English 120. Yay! I survived. Onto ENG 201. 
@JasonBooms trying. It's not working! If anything I'm all hopped up on mtn dew and sending dead baby jokes to coworkers. Fail. 
Ready to sleep and I took a nap today! I'm old! 
Awww watching Madea Goes to Jail with my momma,,,one more week then shes back in the H-town and I'm left my by lonesome 
Eyes hurtin 
whoa, @camarling just introduced me to Refused - a band so ahead of it's time. Totally missed the boat!  http://tinyurl.com/mjoh6z WATCH.
Stalling around... Disappointed. 
Hurt myself on the playground today. 
Needs someone to text... have been bored senseless 
Ordered advent children on blu @ amazon, still not here yet 
Injured.. out from field for a week 
wait, the 21st is only a couple days away. I won't see him before he leaves? Failed. 
Ready 2 party 
@maggitronica So Win! But we're definitely missing you at game night! 
Hurt my lower back... lying down tweeting with a heating pad!! 
Hated work today. Wants to go out with tina and joe....joe come home already! 
I am the biggest fool to ever have been a fool...Forgot to apply to Western Health! Interview has been cancelled as a result 
@javiperry so did i... maybe because we are new at twitter we do not understand.. twitter noobs Fail... 
Meant to be day off, but not going that way  Have appointment with Taxman at 1pm
Upset + cold 
FF is getting crashed when I try to print an e-ticket in irctc  #Fail
@ai_nante That's what I thought. Makes me sad 
@stewwatson yeah man  I've seen official news Told ya!
Blocked nose and headache is one of the worst situation 
should stop tweeting using her phone...Related:I need to pay my maxis bill 
Bumped in Admin  hate you rebecca haha
At EASY  ;).. Ready to go nite nite...
Killed my old (gen2) ipod nano by not checking my pockets before I washed 
Hates fights with B... 
Why is there not a bigger buzz around Linked Data at #oai6 ? Hardly mentioned in the conversations I have taken part in. 
#Terrasar-X Paid by taxes viewable in WinDOS only. 
@bluecoyote Cools - I didn't get to chat 
Glaso Update: festival will start dry and warm with possibility of showers and heavy spells of rain over the weekend 
Distract me pleaassee 
Ordered my new road bike on 22nd of last month. Just been informed I may have to wait another 3 weeks. 
Feels like a cold coming on 
Failed miserably at science exam 
@kellysangels1 Rofl i was up earlier than i would have been if i had been working!!!  Fail haha
Attempted to make a cover. I wasnt feeling it. Maybe next time 
Suprise my gigantic head. but 
Ordered my iphone via Apples website... two working days for delivery 
@SmashMe_EraseMe Heatwaves really suck.  Makes me thankful for rain though, especially during droughts. Even though it gets humid then...
Is running out of hol! Bk to work soon 
Newest guess on delay is 60-90 minutes. Definitely missing connecting flight. 
Attn: I'm wide awake &amp; I am not happy about it @ all...currently walking 2 the plantation 
Update 'My Briefcase'.. it hung 
@stephtara I should have read http://tr.im/p2Bk before asking that question. No video. 
Said the Whale was so so so so good last night, so happy the encored like 4 songs Now exam on 3 hours of sleep yayy 
Misses her Sophlaaa already   
Thinks the universe is conspiring against her. 
@LondonEater eating by yourself aint too bad , have become a bit of an expert  Biggest downer is only ordering for 1 when so much to try!
Ready for the weekend, but not looking forward to the 100 degree weather tomorrow! 
prom was good fun last night! hungover though haha  now to go into town and buy 'munchies' for castle toward. Meant to be going to paris!!
Also, watched 'Analyze This'.. Disappointed 
Ready for the weekend... only work is not yet finished 
Wants Sonique to get better 
In bed sick feeling sorry for myself ... Cos nobody else does...  #fail
Wanted to sleep this morning but have to work 
Gmorning twitts! Ready for the wknd.. But first off to work  T.G.I.F 
Hurt my knee playing football  got cruches and hobbling
my weekends r gonna be boring. Cos I dun have plans.. 
I'm sittin in my office   Ready for tonite! Grayskale at the blue monkey!!
Attn: musicmama, Media Man, &amp; timd1011: :mad: I Declare A Rematch!!!!     I didn't get my message about playin.. http://tinyurl.com/m8yxoj
Needs another reference 
@GeekTyrant Subscribed to your podcast, but nothing's downloading 
preparing for show tonite at drom nyc!! Ready to rock...J.B. on my mind 
I was going to ask you for them! Wanted to call you last night but it was late 
cant believe Biggest loser is finishing 
Rescheduled my interview because I freaked out going over the practice math test they sent me. We can't use a calculator AND it's timed. 
@rschummer /sock &amp; duct tape/ Mikey Likely but worry it might have an effect on my current employment status 
Makes you wonder..  
Rise and shine already?  ....its too early.
@ForeverUK Lol, I will do! I am finishing up now. Wanted the day off today but it didnt happen.. 
just finished a chick-fil-a sandwich. Wont have one for awhile 
oh noes... Win7 Blue Screened on me in VMWFusion 
Brace Face  x
Rarity rating code complete Related brand code complete Product count 16,132  Only 10,000 more to go.. 
Sitting opposite a man drinking a sole can of kroenenberg... Wanted to ask if i could have one 
Soar throat and runny nose  took some medicine though, starting to go away 
Wants a macbook nowww 
Clobbered on thehead with 14&quot; 2x4, ouch no good, may need stiches   #stupidaccident
 Disappointing news, todayyy! I didnt get into the math classe i needed to get into! rawr! Least i tried... Going to have to find some ...
Doing an after work spin to see if I can break in the drag on those King hubs. Likely got to hit the gym tomorrow, though 
Ex and her bf have split. I should be happy, but I'm not. I have a feeling we're both fucked, set to drift between lovers, never to meet 
This new nails are killing me. Hurt so bad. I haven't had acrylics in a while so I guess it's just going to take some getting used to 
OK, dodged that bullet. Awaiting storm #2. All the rain has made our pool green 
just had sneezing fit  my throat now hurtss .. Fail x
Hot weather all over Chatham Co.  How are you staying cool? Ready for the triple digit TEMPS tomorrow? Who knows what the index will be? 
Peoplee, my tummy hurts, i had Bk for &quot;dinner&quot; but no burgen, i'm vegetarian, i take out the meat and put fries inside lol, but it hurts 
Hurt mah arm. 
@laujk Meet the needs of your customers (early adoption digital consumers, especially), and the rest will follow. This helps no one. 
@unconditionally money triggers stress... Makes me grave ciggies... Now I`m being teased over my VS ultra lights... 
@joshmatlock Wish we were joining you guys. We have to clean out our garage to take stuff for the youth yard sail. Fail. 
Upset with myself for not eating properly this afternoon so I could go on bike ride this evening.  x x
I am watching Madea Goes to Jail. I love it! I've got to study 
Needs to relax a little ......... 
Off work.. Biggest headache of my life right now. 
Major Headache  Wants to rest...what a Friday?
Ordered a 3GS online, now I have to wait for it to arrive 
Needs to stop looking up ex's to make myself feel better. inevitably, it always makes me feel worse. 
Announcement: I have the jesusphone 3G S -- but can't get it connected to my wifi 
@snedwan no, but will if I can flog my old one. Agree, they shaft u at every oppotunity 
Rate Limit Exceeded - I am blind 
Ready to get drunk!!!! 
Picked up the blackjack, and the screen is blank. Wont display anything. So mad. 
My dad just called. United cancelled his flight. Said they'd put him on the same flight tomorrow.  #unitedfail
@lakers_news What happened to  Ariza's Exit Interview?  Page cannot be displayed 
@JooIs Flogged 2 items on fleabay total sale value 230. Ebay final value fees 30 + 2x5 paypal transaction charges as they paid by card 
Ready to leave work. Not ready for school.  one more week
Hurt my back 2day trying to finish moving the rest of our stuff 
Hurt my ankle. 
The sun has decided to come back out, but it rained for too long. Standstill performance tonight 
Attempted 3.0 jailbreak on the 3G (not the new) iPhone ... no joy 
hates you.  Doesn't need you.  Misses you.  Loves you.  This hurts 
@GiNNeL Failed      at least I got bout an hr chillin
Confirmed: hosed my drive. Spending the evening reinstalling everything. 
Why is everybody starting to turn their pictures green? If 3 more people do it, I'm going to too. Cos I don't want to feel left out.. 
Naseated at home, in BEd. Misses her dadddy 
Said bye to my parents for the summer 
@CaLi3NtE_gLaM damn atleast u can enjoy the weather I'm stuck at work until 7..   Wanted to kill myself comin in
My blog*spot blog has been locked by Blogger. Request been sent but still locked...   how to unlocked?
Hates energizer batteries.  #fb
@kuiet1storm Easier said then done, I would only dip out with K and I'm trying to stay away. Its been working but I still think about him 
I'm not feeling all that great... pasta dinner made me sick  watching Mandisa Goes To Jail with the parentals &amp; hubby.
0ffs to a part33z wif mi frenz toomorrow. Cannot simply just wait! Hopes it doesn't rainz tho...... 
Oh man..storming. Headed home. Stepped in a puddle 
Ready but is late my friends are already in the party  but dad us near yay
Wants someone so bad it hurts!!! 
@hel_no I know. The Kid is on their membership but I'm not.  Makes me sad.
how did everyone do with coupons?  Seem like i missed as i was walking out the door 
@dondihananto - Agree. I will vote for sure but I hate to think that it's still up to those douchebags at the Parliament regarding law 
my nano died   Ordered a refurb replacement
No sunshine this saturday morning... Makes me sad. Wanted to berbequeing. 
is trying to relax. Disappointed that the panic attacks seem to be trying to resurface. I've done good for at least a month, I think! 
Wants to talk to him,but hes not awake. 
sooooooo hungry!!!! Ordered a pizza and I only got one slice 
@OrangeCalderon  I had to work. Told my boss last week i needed the day off.  He wasn't havin' it. Really wished i coulda attended.
@2020photography I will. On mobile web right now. Hit me @ ampublicrelations@gmail with ur info. And yess it's super sad  lol
Decided to put on clothes... and the rain was gone when I went outside  Disappointed.
is now single.  Hates it, I do.... 
Hit up Marvins, then bens then Marvins again, then Ozios then park... All terrible 
Hates not being able to fall back asleep. 
Upset today. 
@Dylansmum2007 I know...! Ready for a break 
Decided I'm going Into work for 9 so up I get now. 
@Xandarr2112 Cancelled it?  You should get an email if something went wrong.
http://twitpic.com/7vtpw - @twitlocekery I miss you babe! Meet up with me all right!!!!!!! 
Wanted to like 'The Proposal' more than I did. Many entertaining bits, and I laughed a lot, but not much better than C+ or B- overall. 
Weakest storm/power outage ever, it only lasted 40 secs. 
@ahhamber nooooo!!! Fail 
Is trying to figure out which one of Ire17n'z claims is a lie... failed..   
Thinking about staying in tonight. If I have 1 more drink I will be in hospital. Hit me up online if u get bored, and sorry to disappoint 
Misses her prince. 
Year One did not make me laugh. Dissapointed. 
Wants to go to trash 
Feels like I haven't had enough @GABREEZYY and @hellomirv recently 
@SeanCallinan Slaughter? Pft, we got didn't own at all. 
@SeanCallinan Slaughter? Pft, we didn't own at all. 
Defeated by the weather 
Meant to be going out with work tonight to say bye to angela, right now I don't see this happening 
@fluffybricks hi sorry I haven't sent you any pics yet I've been caught up with work and travel plans and haven't worked on Wanted at all 
Misses you 
Feels likee shitt  x
Argh! Fails all over the PayPal website - can't even login!... 
Wants a digital compass 
Needs To Get Ready.. But I Cba!!!  
Wants blue to come and play 
@lunacyxx Yups. F.T in Yr 7, but you do textiles instead in Yr 8. Yr 9 and you cook again.  Wahhaaaa.
Scrapped movie plans - sold out!  sadness
Zomg, 3 and a half hours down, How many to go? Unsure 
nyt: Iranian Police Reportedly Confront Protesters #iranelection 
Delayed 2 hours in chicago 
4 hours of sleep. Ready to see my bff one last time before I leave  2 more dayss ! Ekkkk =/
http://twitpic.com/7wgcr - Quickest special order ever. But now our staff picks endcap is gone 
Heads POUNDING!!!! Ouch 
Upset cuz i had 2 let my palm pre go  ...oh well, another 3 weeks to a month it is...damn...
Rise n shine tweeties! At the hair salon bout 2 get that hair laidddd! Only had. 3 hours of sleep  oh well!
Posted to the I miss the old Support and Suggestion forums  topic / DailyBurn Forums http://tinyurl.com/ofyw22
@SOCHILITETIMES  Upset we have all day rehersal and a meet and greet   enjoy it all ...next time I will be there
why does it hurt so much when u see an Ex boyfriend???? 
Picked up my kitty from vet this moring- she is on hospice care now for renal failure 
@travisjr You also what, I take more better right? Cos I might screw the ones i'm doing now up. 
Eyes are stingay 
Eyes are stingy 
Wants to go 
Blasted through the set at rehearsal earlier, sounded great! bass amp broke, not so great 
@happylovesChuck okay, that's true. I tolerate most rap and pop music. Music is going down the toliet nowadays... Makes me sad. 
@rayamai And that sucks!Cos it affects everything.It affects how you view yourself,life,and love. 
@kaitikeller you might have to poke me in the eye because we're having fathers day dinner tonight  Meet me &amp; sarrah for lunch nxt week?
I hate waking up early  . Even when I sleep at 4, I wake up at 930. Fail.. Ahahah.
I tried to get up for my 8am yoga class but I just couldn't so I decided to try to get up for the 10am class. Failed there too 
@melissakeyes Because @ten28 our 562citylife leader doesn't want to pick me up. Said I don't deserve to go to clean up. 
well so much for seeing him this weekend. Wont be home til monday!  that sucks!
Wants a snakebite really badly 
@jim_028 S'pose it'll work. Makes the bottom of the screen feel empty though 
@iLoveFry_ lol, get much? Aw  whens it to be in for? I've got so much h.w. Wont be back til late sunday ha.
Status notifier from cydia doesn't seem to work in 3.0! Nooooooooooooo  #squarespace
@Shudh sorry abt that, there's somethin wrong wit my keypads  Meant to say thank you for the tip.
I really wish Six Feet Under and Arrested Development still aired. 
Injured protests confirmed to being removed from hospitals and taken away. ...awful news if true  SOBs stop @ nothing (via @bobomjon)
@bostonmarketer Yes love it! Agree 100% How is it in boston today? Raining down here in NJ 
Paid a visit to the animal shelter and fell in love with an 8 yo golden retriver and chow mix.. I want her 
Oh well. Seize the day as they say. If she hadn't a boyfriend I would. 
@MissSolis yeah, a lot of people are broke. I'm one of them...  I should do the same. Sell all the electronics I don't use.
Wanted to start clinical paeds in the evening ! I waste somuch time over phone and music 
Told my doctor about training for a 5k and she said, &quot;There is no greater health benefit from running rather than walking.&quot;    
Misses his twins. 
Received some wallpapers! I'll put them up ASAP, just really busy right now 
Stuck n traffic... Headed to sf... Tough love season 2 finalist yall.. I'm about to get grilled  I'm not excited.. Wish me luck
Wants to be with chris 
Popular Google Product Suffers Major Disruption http://bit.ly/umsV3 I got HUrt too..   #feedly
@thechixor I don't even know for sure if I snagged one!  They may end up not getting anymore and refunding my money.  Makes me sad 
Wants to move to hawaii  wish i knew how to start it all off
Reminder to self: wash your purse. I set it down in buffalo sauce last night  gross
Hates seeing her dad like this. Daddies are supposed to be big and strong 
Dissapointed by the kappas this year! Where r the pretty boys 
@iamDavidMarsh ahhh I agree. I love Arrested Development. I just recently finished all of them. 
Feels really sick 
Taking a quick lunch break before going back on. Wanted something healthy today...but failed at getting it 
BLAH. Wants to go do something. I hate not having moneys. 
Requested van halen - jump but the dj doesn't have time to play it  disappointment 
@kpstanfill started playing @AtlantaFest a couple of minutes ago....and I'm not there.  Hurt
Woman Shot &amp; Killed http://quaalude.proboards.com/ Where is The UN ? helicopter drop acid on people Open the Canadian Embassy    QC
Bust my knee bad on stage today!...No dancing for a while now. 
Needs to sleep, but wasnts demi to write back lol, doubt she will tho 
@journo_at_work lol .. Thanks .. I think .. Btw they just killed Wiiner Takes it all 
Wants to get drunk 
Fail attempt to post pic from phone is fail. 
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 Just got done cleaning! YAY! But now ive got to Babysit     &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Called the radio station, but the person running that shift just left 
Attempted to purchase the new iPhone 3G S but 3 of 4 stores I went to were sold out and the 4th store only had the white one 
Dropped my phone on the drive way. Now its all scratched.   
Hates work wen its so nice out 
@SusieBaseball Puts a lot into perspective for me 
why is tweet deck so gay?! Wont let me tweet and deletes them  I have internet and keeps tellign me it cant load because i dnt which i do!
GRRRRRR Tied at 5 now.  #reds
@ciaranmoore I miss you to  just me colette courtney zander and wabz! Wanted to hav a perty but everyone was doin stuff. Hw was the party?
Ready to go home.. 
I don't think I was ready for another. Relationship 
Wont have internet access until tomorrow night! No updates on the fanpages until then, sorry! 
Legs Hurt 
@geehall1 Agree - I signed up as a place to collect testimonials, but my router wont let me access so dont update too much. 
@here4cheer Cos my invite wasnt sent on time, so i had to go as aislynns guest, but then shes not going now 
Feels bad for @saysaymaybee 
Awww joes pre-prom! Makes me feel so old   http://mypict.me/4LJh
@JosephBrady Leaves in the ayem. 
@squarespace Watched the latest X-Files movie tonight, didn't really like it.  #squarespace
Hit my nerve thing on my elbow and it hurts 
Yes, I am one of those wiersos that onlyget on twitted around midnight. Deal with it... And don't judge me. 
Yes, I am one of those wierdos that only get on twitter around midnight. Deal with it...and don't judge me. 
Trying out this new app... Unsure about it. I wish I wasn't sick so I could hit the town with my peoples.. 
Done packing! Ready to go...but not 
@xxooandcookies Relationship issues.... 
Wants R to play more 
Keeps falling for it over and over again 
Failed making packet mac&amp;cheese. How does one fail making packet mac&amp;cheese? Lol 
I hate pronouncing patients dead on scene. Even if its expected, dealing with the family still sucks. Makes me sad no matter HOW expected 
Wont be able to get on here 4 a while after tonite 
Update: didn't get admitted to the hospital, they didn't even bother to see me so it's off to another doctor tomorrow  I'm over this
Said my good byes and on my way to get some sleep... Only a few more peeps to say bye to 
severely disappointed with my cajun ribeye. Ordered it medium rare and it was definitely medium well  chili's sucks
my ears are bothering me. Fail 
@frankiecantu PLEASE GET ME A VIDEO! 
Cancelled.... 
Called the humane society &amp; they can't do anything since we don't know where the meowing kitten is. 
Keeps going down  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
Feeling drained today somehow...  Ready to sleep if only my brain would stop all the whirring!
Finished watching Monsters Vs Aliens - Avg movie, nothing impressive. Everything about that movie is disappointingly typical and dull 
@Gravija Cos they have no more stock left.. 
App Store: Auch das heutige Facebook Update bringt KEINE Push-Notification Integration 
Studied from day to night. Not fun 
Two Worlds Collide, one of my most favorite songs. But I don't have anyone to dedicate it to.  HAHAHAH.
Wants to go back to bed.... 
Dilemma: really dont wanna stay in luton 2day but really dont wanna go home to london  hav no petrol to drive randomly to think either 
@Greenpeace Be clearer in tweets? Told my friends france is scrapping nuclear. I'm going to look so stupid when they find out it was fake 
Seem to have a cold coming on  feel quite weak+Bleurgh.just been in town to get dads pres.getting train home now,early for once yay
Stressing over my 14 yr old girl..  She's Insulin Resistant so has Acanthosis Nigracans. Leaves brown patches to her neck,armspits..... 
Paid @stjohnsmercy $6K in premiums in 14 months, 1 doctor visit ever, paid the co-pay, now get a bill. They insist I never paid it. 
@schaeferj89 Wants some of those tiny teddies 
@demyte I think I remember you saying to had a Win7 issue with it losing interweb and having to restart to fix...I have it how  U fix it?
@demyte I think I remember you saying u had an Win7 issue with it losing interweb and having to restart to fix...I have it how  U fix it?
Delayed at heathrow 
@VaishnavByrappa Unable to. Wanted to go man. Planned since last few days. Down with illness today. 
Misread my schedule for work this morning. Could have slept in for 30mins longer  I guess better early then late #fb
Sickness log: day... 3, state... Unchanged, medication... Not working 
Skipped church today cause I have a massive headache.    Probably from the eye strain from the computer last night.
Why does it have to rain so? Makes for a crappy father's day 
#PakCricket: Hit 4  SL 108/6 (18 overs)
@UberTwiter what is with Rate Limit Exceeded??? 
Attempted to build my own silkscreen. What a disaster! 
Hit a woodpeaker on my way to work 
Hurt my lip last night, it's swollen and slightly infected. 
Searching tehran iran on http://www.twicsy.com Pics are really gruesome 
Feels like some nandos but is too ill to get some 
is so tired. I don't want to go to work  http://plurk.com/p/12r4rb
Ick drunk man in fish shop gawping at my bewbs. Violated 
@RobertsonGames But I AM a nerd/geek!  Agree w/ @SarahDarkMagic ; I am an AVID athlete still; makes me a weirdo to the gaming crowd still!
Foiled again! Being dragged out by parents at a moments notice. I want to draw! 
Dropped my car off at the body shop  I hate being carless
Meant to be getting an award at this award thingy tomorrow and no one will tell me what its for 
@Hanslc At work ugh! Ready to get home and work on my computer. It died last weekd 
Feels really sick 
Bought a ticket to Rotterdam..to find out the Attack! Attack! gig was cancelled! 
Misses her mum already !  .
Hurt my toe nail(s), few are black and one is almost off...I am not sure how am I gonna RUN today 
@DEWz_PingPong mee too..I was hoping for him to cheer me up..I no likey da gloomy days.  How you doing?! Ready for more Full Service?! ;)
@andygriffwozere it was so unlike anything I expected. Disappointed at the lack of comfy seats though 
I forgot to eat cookies at the barn today  Travesty!
Gettin Ready to go to the Coliseum to see Giants Vs A's, Sanchez is pitching for us 
Every time I walk past a calendar, I get scared. Cos then I realise that ALL my days are numbered. 
my willows are looking less good though. Seem to be dryiing up 
Getting ready to go talk real estate soon. Appointment is at 4:30 and I haven't put on my face yet. Bummage 
Wants to buy a new 300cc vespa but thinks $6,100 is too much 
@hptwilighter I really want to but i'm off to bed  Speak tomorrow.
@_Misunderstood_ he got 180 days of an logic domestic violence school &amp; 5 years of probation  it's crazy that boy don't deserve that
Wants the 3G-S, too, but after having spent almost 8 bills on 2 tires, I don't think I'll be able to upgrade anytime soon. 
@Avenge_MyXGhost Awww that sucks hun 
I slipped and fell at work tonight and was carrying a 50 lbs bag which knocked the wind out of me. Hurt really bad   what a bad ending.
by the way! it's possible that my mommy can have the flu!  i was sick before but.. she never gets sick, it's weird! Recover mommy! love u!
@bls16  Deal support wants you to totally rebuild the computer yourself before they come out. 
@pitchengine LOL. Charge it to my head. And not to my heart. You didn't even offer to meet us halfway.  lol @prsarahevans &amp; I were punted.
@CarlaMeow_xo Told you tht fish woukdnt last 
Ready to be out of class....grandma said he isn't feeling good 
Wants it to not be so hot 
Ready for some time off. 
Wants to go homeee 
Hates being in lab. 
Wanted to go to the beach today but it's so cloudy and rainy here. 
Complained to receptionist about big water leak in my car.  She asked &quot;isn't your car electric?&quot;  Now I'm worried about stray current 
is bored at work, uber hungry &amp; poor... Fail 
Banned for 24 hours on clubpenguin 
Misses her dominican 
@WFMbellevue yesterday one of your pies was mislabled... Wanted a strawberry rhubarb pie and got cherry 
Dropped my car off w/ Dad so he can take it to the shop. Wont see my baby for 2 weeks. I haz a sad 
In probably what is the sassiest starbucks ever. Interview in 45 minutes. This dress shirt shrunk on me 
@Shayded Hurting like hell today. Might not be able to come with you guys today. 
@PumpsAndGloss I'm good, girl!!! I miss you and wish you would come and live in H-town.   I am on phone with Ins co. I hate them.
Update: I can't eat the alfredo sauce either. 
Reminds me of having to leave again    
Interview with a major Firm @ 5:15...its 2:39 and I gotta be out the do0r @ 3...where's my tie, sox and chapstick?!  
Dropped dogs off at kennel. Truck only smells slightly of dog ass... 
Wants to go longboard but doesn't have one!! 
Banned from my comp till finals are over  2 more.
Its starting to seem like we skipped summer again.. Blasted rain 
Thinks boys are rude 
@JanetLynnsays yup  how bad is yours? Cos mine is pretty bad...
Hurt my pinky toe 
@Shines4ReaL 
Ugh, I'm tired. Ready to go home. 
@daddyoe7th booooo!  I wan ice cream. Update on your to dos we'll send good thoughts.
Just finished Wanted, bit of a grind towards the end. Could of done with more variations of enemies. Always the same three animations 
Ready to go home.... In pain 
Finishing Altiris migration tomorrow. Had some issues with Altiris Recovery Solution. Needed a reinstall 
Setting my flickr account to load pics tonight when I sleep! Slows my net down to much an other time 
Failed the test for my permit.and my glasses came in today.NASTY!!! 
Wont have internet all night. 
attack of the Ex's. episode 2: The Athlete from H.S.....only me.  I don't mean to be an asshole I haven't spoke to you in a year for a rea
Hates growing up 
Wanted to go home after the conference but pretty sur have go back office 
Wants to go camping. 
Fail. I need to register for classes 
Dropped my lady at the airport this morning  3 weeks will take ages.
Even thou I'm not all tan.. And a big girl! I do love my legs!!  Would be better if I had been working out! Fail!! 
Wondering why family court is so One sided  at the end of my sane rope.. Ready to flip it Brooklyn style :c
@Pan_duh why blind? And i want to do warped from like...a few years ago. Lineup seems to progressively get worse every year 
Thinks internet is great...  When its working! 
@SabrinaL I heard Treys first lol (though they both are dope) &amp; yeah ppl are  Shows how 1 or 2 statements can turn fans against you...
Upset, feeling a lil woozy. Couldn't see transformers  so went to applebees and had dinner and a drink. Uhhhmm
Wants to see transformers 
Looks like im not getting that new car after all  Fail
@RiseAgainst show was fuckin awesome!!!  Highlight of my summer even though security confiscated my favorite knife and trashed it   
Feels abandoned...what happened?  
Finally done with work. The 6 people turned into 13. They took their time. Ordered too much food. I'm just mad and tired. 
Windows Explorer Has Stopped working in my computer 
Isn't feeling well at all. Greeted with severe nausea this morning. Just continuing my downward spiral  feeling low
Wants one of those thick fashionable belts 
I'm really going to miss her while she's gone  Hopeful I can go to bed and not think about it
Gets the f'in hint 
Oh and I just found out tomorrow is going to be the worst day of my life! Babysit until 5.  kill meeeeeee!
Needs to move on 
Upset that j1s have taken over my cosy spot in the library for three days in a row now.  - http://tweet.sg
Misses his neighbors 
Why am i still up?!? Ahh!! Rewrote the email- much shorter- now trying to sleep...only til 7:15 
Feels rank again 
Soar throat, headache...summer cold is here. 
@IsaChandra sorry - I was too distracted by Fizzle to notice. 
Emerge back out to the world after 2 days off talking to the great white polo 
As a result of supper at 11, breakfast is at 8. I will of course still whine. I do NOT feel refreshed, im still waking up tired. Fail. 
Ready for work 
@Butterflyshoes just back from travels last night. Expected good nights sleep failed to happen. 
Ready for bed...and very disappointed I wasn't able to go to the movies today  The godfather was showing on the big screen in Anaheim...
Failed her vow of silence!  
I' m reading Past, Present and Future of RM. I have to finish all I have in my hands within tomorrow 
@theDebbyRyan you Told me that you'll follow me :&quot;( But you didn't now i'm getting sad 
I've got a killer headache.  Anyone else think of any lipgloss/lipbalm company names? Or necklace/accessories company names? Hit me up!
Defeated her sickness  hurrah. although sleeping in so late had its minuses, I thought it was the morning and had missed out on dinner 
@col2k8 der! Meant I AM in. What a foo.. 
Hurt so fuckin nuch takin by acrylic nails off  never again!
Hurt my elbow bench pressing 405lbs. Something feels loose in the funny bone area, and that isn't too funny 
Wants long hair 
Misses her ac 
trying to install x64 oracle 10gR2 client on Win2003x64  any suggestions?
Wants to watch transformers 2 
Suprise suprise guess who cant sleep. I really dont wanna go to training in a few hrs. Its storming. 
Defeated  ive been reading all my required readings but i cant seem to remember anything from what ive read. career pa ung pagbasa ko a 
Spotted on @drawn. Heartbreaking  http://vimeo.com/3388129
Needs breakfast...argh 
Hit the shower, then go meet a client in Pulogadung... prepare for traffic jam... 
The song called Hurt makes me sad... 
Hates lonely frees 
Is waiting in the airport. Delayed 2 hrs 
Status report done for the week - thats the best part of an hour lost, oh the joys of status reports  glad I don't do timesheets as well!
Wants a new closet. A big one! 
Hates being up early. I've been up since 6 and went to bed at 2:30. 
Much to my chagrine ...  but the upside is she's very smart (and stubborn) and we're learning together   quickly. Pics very shortly...
@LucyWhittington Reminded of week in remote Scottish cottage. Dropped wine carrier when unloading car smashing most of bottles 
is tempted to go watch Meet the Robinsons in the other room with her sisters but I have homework to do. *sob* 
'Ready2Move?' Video Contest is officially over!  Winners will be announced in a couple days, thanks to everyone who participated!!
I miss Busted.  @amalinaaa ha seriously? Diorang semua babi hahaha
Wants to become a chef, but doesn't have the 17,000 pounds for tasnte marie..... 
Feels bad she hasn't gone to rookie camp yet 
working   Ready for my game tonight!
Getting Ready for a fire drill.  I hate having to walk down 12 flights of stairs. 
Bk cheesy tots are addddicting 
@italiabella210 fine fine fiiine! Wanted to take a sunbath,but sun dissapeared as I reached the backyard... So sad 
Injured shoulder at gym yesterday 
You have been rate limited. Enhance your calm.#fail 
Resumed a languishing summer tank project and recalled why I keep putting it down. Non- springy cotton knit too tightly. Hurts my fingers 
That was a lovely shower. Likely the last one I'll be having here! 
Meet at four! waah, i'm semi-tan...and it hurts  mishin' my boy.
Received the letter from school and it says that exam time-table will be strictly adhered to. Upset  - http://tweet.sg
Wanted to go see transformers 2 tonight but it's selling out everywhere! 
Appointment with genius bar today after work... 
Signed my little guy up for preschool today 
misses highschool days..just saw our C.A.T Video of Sponsors  i remember the old times
Interview did not go well. 
@FNES I still like your new blog posting, though. Makes me reflect on those who have passed away   http://bit.ly/RMpmU
Apologies to anyone who got blindsighted by the auction ending 24 hours early. Comes with the territory of doing things yourselves 
Disappointed that our 5 year old tv has a problem with the convergence at the bottom.  Likely fixable for about $70 if I do it or ++$$.  
@stephysite It's mostly work stuff. They fired everyone, so there's fewer people to do the same work. Keeps me from working on fun stuff 
Thinks i really don't get him sometimes  x
Thinks it's far too early to start these goodbyes 
AI Offers 2-5 yrs leav widout pay 2 its employes 
Ready to make up wit @ReggBstro  thinking out loud!
@Infinitarchitek Feels pretty good doesn't it? 
 just watched the movie Wanted... it was pretty darn good.
Tired as ever! Ready for bed! 
Sarcasm. Hits me every time as well 
The older theory was, marry an older man because they're more mature. But the new theory is men don't mature. Marry a younger one. 
@dcorsetto Interested to see where this goes! When does the number of partners cross over from 'ok' to 'too many'? Split the middle, 150? 
@AndyVV Win! I would suck at the beer tasting one... but it would be good for a laugh! 
@joeallam Challenge Exceeded! Nicely done sir 
http://www.deezer.com/track/2577641 On a nice day, I don't care what they say ! Ready for this nice day 
The lady who bought the bracelet pictured as my twitter page background is still wearing it a week later -- hasn't taken it off. Likes it 
Bought the MH bundle? Create a task called &quot;Mario&quot; or &quot;Star Wars&quot; in &quot;The Hit List&quot;. Make sure your sound is on and complete the tasks! 
@Allanahk  but 26 characters?  Yr last tweet wouldn't have made the cut... 
@KateHolden Helps get me through the day. 
@dannophotos Told you that's how it ends up! 
I think a new rule will be applied on journalist around the world. Attend events with bear feet only 
@chriseaton The high council has reached a verdict, you are &quot; Guilty&quot;! 
got his winnings yesterday and then bought the whole office cakes. Result = happy colleagues to work with &amp; net deficit in wallet 
Ready for a permanent job!!!  sign me up and have no worries!
Wants to be stimulated already 
@JohnsHopkins Bloodstain on the carpet? Ready to gooo!  http://short.to/3uqb
@PeterMears I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. Discuss 
@Surge_N is that when we arrived then? 
@RobKardashian with as much working out u do a day.. I would be tired too! But I'm awake bright n early.. Ready to go to the gym...  bye!
@JeffreySummers- Judge Allows Naked-Photos Suit Against McDonald's http://tinyurl.com/d5tcex -your always on the pulse of F&amp;B news 
@JonathanRKnight Wait until you come to KANSAS.I will show you the sites in our town. Hit me up &amp; I will be glad to do it Take Care Joyce 
Ready for sun and warmth!! ... working till 3 then, who knows! 
Morning! I have slacked for two days in twittering! But here I am again. Just finished a good run  Ready to start a new day.
Ready for a fabulous day! 
Shakin' up the money tree... Headed back into the car business 
wow...now that was a monday night!! Now to do accounting allll day! Distract me 
@sandygrason Agree 
At work. Implemented 2.5 projects trying to decide what's next and where to go for lunch 
Watching New Episode Of Chuck  YAY!... Seen the wedding pictures from a future episode too =D
watching Deal or no deal 
Ready to start the day! yoga, work, then portfolio 
Ready to take on the next challenge... 
Just arrived at my dinner. I'm smart. Told everyone it starts at 8 but it wasn't really till 8:30 so ppl aren't late 
Feels so good to lay down 
@loribourne That's amazing! Shows the power of authority of a domain and good content. 
its been a long day.  Celebrated my besties 21st last night in norman, drove home, celebrated Joshs birthday, now going to bed  
@teresanguyen yup, as she said...I'll be happy to take questions while she is MIA...intern promoter  Hit me up!
yay for weekend off! Ready for Carinos and a movie tomorrow 
SolveCoagula is Solve et Coagula 
@TodaysCountry Thankyou for the promo  Appreciated. http://www.kerimcinerney.com
Reading The Host and having some brand new fun ideas for my novel. Also, I had a brilliant idea to something real new. 
I'm getting ready for the festival! Meet me out there? 
Presenting in 15 minutes at One-Eyed Jack's. Be there!  #barcamporlando
Ready to go to the movies ! 
Wanted to see wassup with the twitter craze 
Welcomes the Ortveits. @Mareeh85 and @Ortveit - let the addiction begin! 
@extralife &quot;Raises hand tentatively&quot; I'm interested 
Another great night at 23 last. Who's up for a double header?! Hit me up for the list. I gotcha. 
@DyeVersion Hand dyed goodies and Canadian - my second favorite &quot;foreign&quot;  country after Australia! Pleased to meet you.
@Xtal Gives a whole new meaning to empty calories. 
Ready with 20 minutes to spare  woo! :-p xx
Welcomes @Chrisdowling74.   *waves*
Quotes to be mindful about. (below, already listed) 
@cc_starr Latest post is a little weak, but I hope the general point comes across 
@pupify Agree completely about fit dogs which is why I recommend freestyle: www.worldcaninefreestyle.org  for a fit &amp; well-balanced dog. 
Ready to camp! 
Our back yard looks more like a lake! Brief break so we can go to dinner 
I just left the mall. Fina stunt. Ready to perform! 
http://twitpic.com/3jv2s - Pose for the camera! 
@blocp I did. Mistake. I unfollowed loads. Don't get paranoid 
Ready to get this wedding started... this should be a fun group 
Thinks everyone should read my &quot;Questions that haunt me&quot; note 
@greengoody I recently cut mine really short.  Feels good   I always try to grow it out but always fail...
@cocohhm G0G0G0 Update me about ya moreeeeeee, even 1 line can make me  Y0Y0Y0
@jessieangus nothing much, bout ready to go to bed after a long day  watched 30 days of night and a movie called &quot;Them&quot; both quite scary!
Ready to do something non boring 
Explored hawaii! I kno something YOU dont kno! 
On STiCAM. Hit mE THOOO!  www.sticma.com/_kiddo
@embee turned into Win machine? 
Thinks about it every waking second and knows it will be okay. 
@Misfire wow, u are a godsend! please let me know when you're done? thank u  #asot400
http://twitpic.com/3l5zm professional matt... Ready for work... 
@ASuiteHeart89 I spotted your addiction  Featured here: http://ykyat.com/~37n4b
Cancel the crashing, importing photos and catching up on Facebook. Hit me up with a wall post and I'll make sure I reply 
Gotta get out of bed ... Must ... Shoot ... Engagement ... Session ... In ... Antwerp. Head = ouch! Body = wrecked. Face = smiling 
Rise and shine y'alll   ~mew~
@iantalbot Yes, I shall make sure that I give you daily predictions!  Be Ready!
Wanted to go for a walk, but it's getting cloudy... so movie afternoon it is then 
@frosty @davea *wolf whistle* Related: http://tinyurl.com/5fq25d 
Removed the orange nail varnish from my toenails. That lasted a whole moon - what colour should I use next? 
Now is the perfect, silent time to finish my short story.  Seize the silence. 
another beautiful day! Headed back to the beach later 
Rise and shinnneeee  *stretches it's bootiful day!
Picked up a very excited 'glad-we-are-back' Kelbi 
@nell_xo Least someone laughs at my pathetic little jokes  haha
Ready for a stress-free day.  Secretly happy that a text from someone was what woke me up..  
is watching Accepted! quite a funny film! 
Tie dyeing with emily 
Confirmed that my british soulmate is still alive and still selling fly kicks at 12 oaks mall 
@petewentz I'm a cancer. Suprise me 
Acquire the Fire next weeeekkkkkkkk! Be Jealous. 
The weekend is far too short.  Done with rehearsal and off to SOFTBALL   Afraid we'll be rained out!
Listening to Billy ray Cyrus and mileys song Ready,Set,Dont go and it makes me think of me and my daddy!!! 
783rd Update 
@toomnews That's why you should telecommute. Makes stuff like that a lot easier to get away with 
@KeriStevens Semi-reformed people-pleaser.   I'm pretty much past caring.  Youngest son knows to give advance notice--I don't DO last min.
http://twitpic.com/3n7wk - Ready for work in my new company t-shirt 
Sell off now on  - follow @boffer  www.boffer.co.uk
Joined twitter at last 
@Mistymoodle Pleased to hear it 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr thanks! 
Getting unexpected Index Seeks..... is that good? 
@bernharris no problems. I assumed you were busy. Speak then 
Why does my coffee cup need a refill every other minute today  Mayb i should stop drinking #Fail
&quot;Abduct Yourself for the Abducted&quot; Be apart of the cause..make a difference, give children a future to look forward to 
@betsyweber It's good to be home eh Bets? 
preparing Issue 7 of the newsletter, and editing new video 
@SirCrumpet yeh, seems ok - not a fan of the way the UI works. but each to their own i guess  Feels slick though.
Complained to @ninebladed that Virgin were late to my house. He says &quot;So Virgins service is less than immaculate then?&quot; Ba-dum! 
Just woke up. Ready to start the day. 
@cheekee_monkee I spotted your addiction  Featured here: http://ykyat.com/~37n6y
Ready for bed 10:13pm 
Ready to go to work helping patients find higher levels of health.  I cut down a tree over the weekend - anybody want to see the video? 
Still learning how to do replies on txt @vpsean. Offer is appreciated 
@chansearrington I hope so. Remain dubious over the k/brd tho'. LOL re: the Storm ref - nothing else is that bad 
slept til 6:45 &amp; has been successful in not being a workaholic so far. LOL. Conf calls start @ 8. 1st: buy protein 2 eat after calls.  
why do gorillias have such big nostrils?......... Cos they have big fingers  
Women Marry Men Expecting Them To Change, And Men Marry women hoping that they won;t 
Goodmorning tweeties!!! Rise and shine 
@bernietb It's only a standard PC with heaps of Hard Drives. 
Needs to concentrate but has a distraction 
@ToyaStylez haha, glad i could get you 2 laugh. even though thats all real shit  LOL but me? Bk's finest photog? so not!  but i try 
just got in from a night in uptown!!! Ready to lay by the pool tomorrow!!! 
@sarahviola thanks!! Headed there now! 
Just uploaded a new picture. Comment it! You're already on my page 
@NeilW57 @jiminthemorning Present company excepted of course 
@Bubblecrush Added you! 
@Whatleydude think that one might make it into the Lookalike section of the weekly newsletter 
Ex,I admit I stole &amp; lied but don't go back 2 your husband... Wow the kylesters getting deep  http://twitpic.com/3peu1
In the library listening to @amywal benicassim playlist  Muchas Gracias Aims!!  take a listen if you are going - http://bit.ly/18VdZQ
Update twitter via the power of thought http://bit.ly/R3iCH - even more mindless drivel beckons? 
@eatlikeagirl 17 types!!!!! WOW - Impressed. 
@LadyFLuffstar was only a matter of time, hope shes okay. Least you nevver have to do it again now 
Writing a blog post on Fourier Transforms... I can already feel the excitement and anticipation from you all 
Progress isn't made by early risers.It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something. http://tinyurl.com/dg63ov Cred asta 
Sell, my phoneapplicatio seems to sork 
Ready to rumble... 
Off to work.  Feels nice to say that 
@michaelqtodd have you had a look at the Equitech Face book page  lots there and more coming
@imnotbob Sneaky, but EXCELLENT... nothing wrong with innovation, man!  Keeps us all sharp... 
@fmiddleton ha, now I'm laughing at myself  should've listened to inner voice that said &quot;nah, can't be true&quot;. Guilty of trusting!
Always have to have one at a table.plays out of turn,talks on the phone,folds early, and raises wrong amount.  Busted...too bad 
The 22 Worst Place Names in the World  http://www.drivl.com/posts/view/851
I'm vegas wit the fams. Reunited wit my godson  hope y'all having fun at vals din
Man. I should definitely get the Wife of the Year award. Hint hint @eddywashere 
@brentontaylor Winner took home $260, but I walked away with 3rd so I was still in the money. Not shabby 
Marry the man today, and change his ways tomorrow 
@GinnyMcQueen: Told ya so! 
Ready to go to sleep 
Just got home from a camping trip with my class mates... So funny  But I am never doing it again - Hated the smelly toilet!!!
@mattdavey2 Told you. 
Thinks jello shots are aaammaaazzziinngg!!! 
listening to The Kills enjoying life 
Ordered my new macbook  the year without apple was to much. It is just nice to have a computer which just works.
Rise and shine, It's garage sale time!  oh boy do i need some coffee.
@Shortlisted cheers 
Rise and shine my twitters! Going to feed the homeless today getting dressed and set to go 
@deeped I like &quot;twitteratia&quot;  Agree, logging off again after a quick mobile twitter visit.
@RedIsFresh and thanx so much for the Friend's Request on there too 
@SarSalads  Sar, we're goin' to watch the live telecast at home. I subscribe on my foxtel.   Invited some friends over to watch..
Finally had a nice cab driver! Tipped him extra 
Suprises are awesome! Suprise party later on  yayness
@mikedinc No we ate and then went to bed, lol. We r going out w/ my sis and her man. Needed to save up my energy! We r shopping today too 
http://twitpic.com/4ei6l - Added a new sign today. 
Ready for a new day! 
Ordered a 50mm f1.4 HSM lens for my birthday. I've wanted a fast 50 since I was in high school. 
Wanted to say hi to my new followers and wish you all a great wknd 
Ex pumpkins and poos we are Tulls, life goes on you know 
Ordered my customized shirt on CustomInk.com 
ASTV on. Ready to translate... if you don't want to hear what Sondhi has to say, just ignore me for the next hour/day/month/life or so 
Just got finished a shortned set at the fire ! Killed it 
@trevoralgatt thank you for the follow and thank you for reading my article. It is inspiring to hear from readers. Keeps me going. 
Rise and shining, listening to the new &quot;007 is also gonna die&quot; tune from http://www.nephew.dk.  Going to the beach to surf today 
I'm weird. Deal with it. 
Profile updated. 
Waiting for the theaters tour bus. Feels good going on the road again, especially since it's just four days! 
@Record_Attempt lmfao kwlio, questio is did you wim, or did you let him win lol 
Uploading SidhdharaBetta Pics on to my album  there is lot to blog about...
Hey  Just Joined twitter! 
@Record_Attempt im not a huge fan, but i do watch it sumtimes, and yeah can play a lil, 
@daveg38 Mental isn't it? Cleared spam twits out earlier 
English test tomorrow.  Ready to fail 
morning   Managed to prepare a kiwi for DD to eat whilst eyes still half-closed from sleep. Ready for my tea!! #flylady
@Hapson Speak for yourself.. im working all day tomorrow! 
Joined to twitter 
@bews Awww  Named after the cartoons by the same name?
Hans Sell out is about to get his Hanssel ass delivered to him on a platter.. with french fries potatoes ~  
Today is not much fun. But tomorrow will be much better. Even if I do have to clean the flat. Cos get to see people in the afternoon 
Derby was fabulous - the rain held off all day   Pics to come!
@chrisagiddings Pics are the frosting. 
http://twitpic.com/4h9wi - Meet lynette - she'll be the last person to get her degree  just 200 ppl away!
@ChicMom Say hi to my peeps in the BX 
@_Misunderstood_ 
Ready  set, go! ~aloha
Whooop! Finished uploading + eating tea. http://tinyurl.com/c4zhnd - Pics from today 
@heywhipple hey way cool.  U got me started in the advertising biz.  Snagged a D&amp;Ad with ur advice in ur book ;)
Ready for a nice relaxing sunday afternoon 
Covered the basics on here, got Nfl network, espn, all my sports updates and maybe a little poker!! 
Tries his best but thinks he can do better. Next Year la 
Thx everyone!  Wtg at airport to go home.  Ready to go to bed - but happy. 
spaghetti sauce is cooking, laundry almost done, cases are read!  Ready to start a brand new week.  
@DavidArchie Sounds like your day off will be busy  Anymore sight seeing?
is (im)patiently waiting for SWAC to come on! Newest obsession; new episode! 
Download movie  &quot;The Lady Vanishes&quot; http://tinyurl.com/c3g9rk cool #movie
Getting Ready 4 school tomarrow. ewww gross i skipped last friday 
@beabear Agree! And all those hot guys in it made it all the more so 
@steph_thtgirl15 Welcomes! 
Ready to get rediculous with her girls 
Knitting socks + watching Arrested Development on Hulu = bliss! 
I love discounted sushi.  Makes it taste all the better 
@jolphoto hehe! It stands for &quot;For The Win&quot; and is a gaming term (I'm not a gamer though!)  [so it's a good thing, unlike wtf haha]
@JDWRIGHT25 Okays!  Just let me know
Bit of soul time 4 this mama  will visialize next living environent. Speak soon.
Man with a kickin' top hat just left. Invited me to blues jams session put on by street musicians. HarpmanHatter. 
Money Laundering tip 5 - Sell the business or constructed hotel etc and take possession of your now clean money 
@Cocodemerusa Joined you on facebook! 
@fudgecrumpet Prefer 80's singstar. I know all the words! 
@chromasia I saw your tweet minutes before going to lunch.  Decided to skip that today. Thanks for saving me the money  Speedy recovery!
@kevmarmol Agree! 
Morning everyone! Going to a gig now, then a run. Update you all later 
Cougar Privacy Threatened as Surveillance Increases  http://bit.ly/ayViO - sorry, couldn't help myself with this one 
Finished with MTML assignment  But didn't like it at all. Feels like I missed lotsa points but the word limit is 2500. Hmmpph!
@melmcmahon I have a great house to sell you!   Comes complete with a riding mower!!
Morning Tweethearts! Now home after traveling 302 mi.thru 2 states &amp; 2 faires in 3 days. So inspired! Ready to write as I enjoy coffee. 
When I check google analytics I can always get to google.com/anal before Safari's auto-fill kicks in. Makes me laugh 
Blocked the acct for one of my most hated sports teams. That felt really good. 
@peebles95 call me later so i can tell you all about the weekend. Easier over phone. 
just finished watching &quot;Role Models&quot; (hilarious), and debating whether to go to 251. Hmmm... 
@Franca Honored to tweet ya... 
@Ja101 Makes me wish I had dogs instead of cats! 
Comment my new myspace pictures plz? 
Arrested in the hotel  
Ready to chill on the couch and watch a movie 
@afton_volturi ** Slaps self on forehead **  Pardon me!  
Traveling faster than light might actually be possible. (space.com http://bit.ly/7Ex4J ) yeah, enterprise we'r comin' 
Actual wiki entry &quot;The Million Dollar Homepage&quot; made me just shake my head due to the fact that ... sometimes...somtimes things just work 
@Mamalonglegs resistance was futile! Needed pretties to knit with 
@krazyfrog I got me to watch it.  Recommend some other kickass shows too. Phast!
Update 100 
Flap-a-taco was nice until the plebs came in.  
Lol @ me and @kittykatmakeup whispering so we don't get in trouble and being almost 30! Feels great to be home feeling like kids 
Sitting in mels house, just finished eating mcdicks, laughing at all the dumb stuff I said tonight!! Ready for bed? I think so 
@MariahCarey im kinda tired enough to sleep, but &quot;Migrate&quot; has got me up singing along, haha 
@agostino_ http://bit.ly/ngjkN Told you it was probable 
Finally going home! Its been a long night.. Ready to crash and have awesome dreams 
Changing Guitar strings.. Getting Ready To Perform 'THE CLIMB' at my cousins birthdayy 
@BlokesLib thats where hitting enter before u check the tweet can get tricky!! I was rude without trying to be. Makes a change!! 
01.12.03-Present 
@paigeinflorida You got it! Added just for you! 
@banksy6 hopefully. It's a seperate project to Rokk. Involved in a couple like that as opportunities have arisen - you know how it goes 
@tabitharose93 bummer,you can't start revision with someting at least a little bit chocolate near by. Gives you brain power 
Contribute to www.download-arena.in to build link exchage  crawl to www.clust3r.com
Working on my paper (Status: Approx. 13 pages and still nowhere close to being done) &amp; doing laundry, then going to a family party!! 
Enjoyed a family dinner with my youngest daughter recapping 'Britleys Caught Talent' for us 
Ready to leave! 
Appear to have lost my pen drive 
@dizz  No won't be manning a stand just floating about same as yourself. Arrived today and will be about till Wed. Should bump into you 
Yes Your Honor, I Robbed A Bank... But Look At All These Bills I've Payed 
@learnemacs searching for something you can NOT do with #emacs: ... searching ... searching. Result: wash the dishes. 
How dang cute is my nephew!! Meet jake!! He's 3    http://twitpic.com/4yiuw
@babygal219 blah. Offer to pay for it yourself. That helps. 
#startrek show 2nd time around was equally good as first. Satisfied geek here 
@WGyenny yeeun..i missed yu twitter update. Update more often. and cant wait to see those photos.  Advance happy birthday, dear.
is sleeping... from night duty. Cancelled my schedule for passport renewal. i decided to have a good sleep, instead. 
@LAmale Agree with you completely. 
Ready to start BABS! 
Close your eyes and just play the damned game. Win or lose, it's all the same. 
Ready to start my full of appointment day 
Ready to paint my final for this semester all day tomorrow  I will update my site with a pic tomorrow: www.jessicasiemens.com
Holy shit.  Biggest explosion i've ever seen!!!  
mkpelland writes for examiner.com  Win32Vitro computer virus can kill your computer programs: http://bit.ly/maryan1
Signed up because my asked me to 
Booked a domain from @yahoo for $1.99 + 9 for privacy of Who.Is info. Crossed the first hurdle. Now who'll help me set up the blog 
@tromusic Hit up @djid i'm away til monday. Biggups! 
Finishing up Cast Calls here before... I forgot earlier... MC friends,  you'll be seeing them tomorrow morning 
@skywriting Makes you wish that everything in real life gets resolved in an hour, or a whole TV season, yes? 
@jaystokes4 I can't do your work for you! Handle it 
@PaulaDauncey Begin with the end in mind 
Oronton Sale! 50% off everything... Sale Ends tomorrow. I'm like a fat kid in a candy store 
Just got back from working out. Result: a new personal best 
Nothing like fresh warm croissant, on their own, for breakfast - Yummy. Sets you up for the day. 
@astynes Yr norty!  When we try copy a big disc like that we have to forfeit some of the quality 2 fit it on. It's a gr8 disc 2 watch tho!
Is this world really ever going to Survive &quot;The Recession&quot; 
R8 waist packs and Hydro3's are back in stock after a rush cleaned us out for a few days! Ready for a winter in the dirt now 
I'n not a girl who wears pink even though I own a pair of pink Chucks. And I love them!Wanted them after watching &quot;13 going on 30&quot; 
watched &quot;How to Lose Friends &amp; Alienate People&quot; yesterday  good laughs and a few truths about showbiz, celebs, promoting. great comedy 
@onreact_com  Chef support staff they should be called  Makes them sound all important and profeesional 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr im out of here for today hun keep smiling 
Morning all!  Pleased to report the beer worked! I now have creepy bowls full of icky dead slugs and nothing else bothered. Yay um, yuck. 
Filed a Record under a RecordFolder.  #AlfrescoDev
Rise and shine everyone, a new day with new challenges. Hold your head up high and take on the world 
@igster101 I shall help you load them into the chipper! Ready? 
More job offers and selection tests today..Brutal! Timed literacy and numeracy tests was like being back at school..Passed though..Result 
Rise and shine its a beautiful day, make something happen today...and don't forget to smile 
@zdanimation @BigChippah Added your book suggestions to my amazon wishlist. Should get them in the next month or so, budget allowing. 
@CharliePodge I cant wait to see you either  awh, was it really bad? Hugz.  yeah ok, we'll go to them  Attempted slicing went bad. ...
Homeeeee, afternoon was lameeeeee! Just sat out in the yard with the class eating crisps, twixs and cakes...meh. Least it was sunny 
Getting Ready for work   19 days work days left and 28 calender days left before my summer vacation
Late office day. Hit the gym already and drinkin my healthy smoothie to refuel my muscles for the day 
@banvan yes.   you do. Movies was a no go. At my casa. Hit me up if you decide on something. LOL.
Thinks drew should get a MANicure 
Upbeat depressing music makes me happy and makes me want to cry at the same time. I love it. 
movie and smoothies in an hour on my dime. Comment this if you want to join! 
Won war! Victory danced! Slapped my aunt!  ahha
Just got some more Bright Eyes. I'm addicted 
Busted a mission 
@peacePEACEout peace to you as well. Defend the righteous. 
@wilycutie I spotted your addiction  Featured here: http://ykyat.com/~37y2c
Everyone! Update slower for monkie! 
Interview with sage advice on indie films, financing, festivals, and distribution.  #HME http://bit.ly/RkplL
Status:: in love with my guy 
Believes short should keep there head up be proud of themselves!. 
Meant to say to talk to! 
I want to watch Observe &amp; Report 
Director`s Cut.loooooooove it! 
#gonzpiration Genial.   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
@icklekid Claim it from the English budget!! It's writing after all 
Up &amp; out this early frosty morning ... Headed to another great morning @242Community, A2-style!  
@HeyJayme Marry me?  Xoxoxoxo &lt;3
@beth_clagg Fingernail is ok, it only hurts when u press it down!  Congrats with explore pics. Told ya!
Peace begins with u! If u want peace.. Pursue peaceful pple &amp; peaceful situations..Have a peeeeeaceful sunday... 
#gonzpiration yeah! bravooo!  and somebody get him a new sock  (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
#gonzpiration montreal represent!   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
#gonzpiration @lateuch merci   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
Onem of the bets title sequences of any film: http://bit.ly/19dPX6  I love &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; and this music 
Failed - A good choice for me in this case and this time 
got Rise Against tickets   man. im happy now  seeing them twice in 8 months. hell yess 
Needs food. I'm starving 
@bitememanga I read it religiously.  I have one of them set as my wallpaper.  Makes me laugh every time.  
@1075theriver Would you be ever so kind as to supply me with Jonas Brothers Meet and Greet passes? 
@Ksparkstv Yaaaaay! Lead by example indeed! 
iIt's off to the movies for me. Skipped lunch so I can load up on popcorn and candy 
Screw history. Studied enough for today. Going to watch tv now 
Picked out 2 of the court songs 
Ready to take a nice shower ohhh yeah 
MORE graduation partiess! Ready to eatttt. 
@zaifmand  Agree 
@EricjTDF I Agree 
&quot;Penetrate&quot; is such a naughty word...   
Oh my! Ready to leave work and go watch a movie with my sweetie! 
@SolidAltar I spotted your addiction  Featured here: http://ykyat.com/~37y2z
Ready to watch the DaVinci code 
everybody do this test: http://www.schuelervz.net/Profile/1189ed9be968ecb3  the answers you get are damn funny 
Gonzales is rocking the melodica!  #gonzpiration   (World Record Attempt in Paris live &gt; http://ustre.am/2X3V)
@amandapalmer rofl! this is the initiative that's paying your rent. Helps that you have ace fans though 
@twitchiest I had *a* camera, not a good one though.  Pics will be on facebook some time soon if you reallllllly want to see them 
@courosa I Agree   I think by Gr.11 they can be released, but before that, they need some filtering and lots of education.
@ChrissySoShay I so Agree!!!! 
Ready to be a grown up 
@DakotaCassidy Feels good! 
@jspepper good idea!  Split the patent three ways?  
@kittodaijoubu http://bit.ly/HNRZw  Quickest recap I can offer! 
@aaronjensen Apology accepted, but only because I like the MSpec syntax so much 
Scary earthquakes, we're overdue for a HUGE one here in Utah. Makes me nervous, we're much less prepared to deal with one. But we'll live 
Ready to have an awesome week...&quot;yay&quot; I'm so happy 
@trakin Totally Agree!! 
i've got a nice complement from a well-known businessman...Feels grEat!! 
@thekdoor Hit me us up with the link and admin info! 
I never get to hear from my followers!! If your up. Hit me!!! 
My mom told me the other day my dad wants my car. Told her if he wants 2 buy it he can. But it has 2 b 4 enough that i can buy a new car 
Moving offices.  Brings back memories 
can someone buy me Paolo Coelho's new novel, &quot;The Winner Stands Alone&quot;?!  *wink*
Answered you on the macthemes thread, i hope you can solve it.  @cosimolupo
@marcthom Deal 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr wat a shame i havent watched star trek,,nor angels and demons...i would wanna reply to mikey..lol  wat cha doin btw?
@dhmwatson yeah i notice your a Journo student. You work work for the Fail will you ? even if destitute ? 
@rooreynolds Interesting. I enjoyed some of those twitter discussions too. But I didn't (want to) watch any of those programmes. Discuss 
haha, Josh agrees with me that Attack! Attack! do sound like fall out boy  -uberawesomelaurawinsface-
started running again! Feels really good 
trying out Twadget desktop gadget on Win7... let's see how long this lasts before I switch clients again. 
@Transitionqueen:  I'm not quite sure how to respond to that in a growing way! &lt;&gt; Remain childlike, answer from your heart/soul 
@sparkica Beta , Release Candidate , Release or SP1 edition ? 
gaugefucking wrote:: Joined MiniBlog  http://bit.ly/VbBVB
Cont: attended the concert. 
First Exam Tommorrow! Ready to suck!  XD
@JonathanRKnight I still think u should stop in indiana 4 a cup of coffee with me.Meet ur pretty lil voyeur girl &amp; chat...pretty please? 
Answered all support requests from the HelpNDoc 2.0 release. So far, 1 important bug fixed and published, many satisfied users 
@ALEXANDERCLARKE Gutted! I win!! Buy me cake 
Clean Room Up Than Off 2 Bed real Tried 
Rise n shine every1  it's a chilly morning
@hollieemariee Thats why i Skipped 
http://twitpic.com/5f8o1 - Switches en Routers 
@herdopeswag lmao I'm sure it does, gives me insight. Into the female mind, tryn to figure u guys out is harder than a broken rubix cube 
@AndreaDG I spotted your addiction  Featured here: http://ykyat.com/~37y4d
@tomgetc01 Speak for yourself. @sfeuer  
Hey buddies.I just installed Friend Connect.But its luking so odd with no friends there..Favor guys !..Join me there  http://bit.ly/17DyWu
@lewisstanson you should maybe follow @Nandos_Official  Cos of you they weren't effected by the #CreditCrunch x
@TaimurAsad  PS. Aero Work on Aspire one  LOOL , (I add Ready Boost SD  )
Ready to get this tour stuff done and over with 
Rise and shining lol. I'm up a few mins later then planned but no rush i'll be out the door in time 
@aTexasAttitude  Been doing alright! Surprised I remember as much as I do, which makes it easier!  So far so good! 
We are two hearts with but one beat...two souls with but one shoe.  Ready for disneyland in the morrow 
When I was small I can't sleep without my snoopy doll. And the doll is still with me, in my cabinet. Ready to be hand over to my baby 
@DonnieWahlberg thats how I usually start the day too..Rise and Grrrind... 
Going to watch TV now. Update later. 
@anima - LOL. Agree 
@SuButcher Fine Tks.  Ready for weekend!
@hkolk Told you snowboard is bad for you 
It's my birthday today! Planned to have a lot of fun with my family and friends tonight and tomorrow 
@dda Pics and my &quot;intern badge&quot; will turn into a guest badge 
@SuunTzu Throws a smoke bomb on the ground and disappears 
Another Update on IgglyBiggly.com they are still working to get this Live and I know it will be soon with the payment Processors.  
@bluntnate http://twitpic.com/5og4z - Head keyboard brings entertaining results! Example: rfrglk  
Joined some people for a drink last night and quite a few new faces 
Featured on tryhandmade.com  Knit laptop sleeves http://tryhandmade.com/martice/
@Isil_Loves_Mcr oyea, i've just followed @LeATHERMOUTH 20minutes ago btw, haha. and i cant guess whats the prize? can you? 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr haha i thought that you know bout the prize  um, a sweetest kiss from frankie maybe it will be enough to be the prize. LOL
My Eyes are still fantastic 
Dropped @EvanHeiser at the airport and now back home to attempt 2 more hours of sleep. 
Thrilled about a feature I am having added to the soon to launch directory that will kick up the &quot;social&quot; notch a bit!  
@twilightfairy I follow 506 till @twitter counted last. Recommend some .. 
Rise n shine! 
flip flop week market roller coaster - STRESS.   Hit milestone in career; feel satisfaction; same as old goodies engineering days 
Rise and shine 
@Lachdanan Robs over at mine at about 8.30 but i can wow it up til then   gonna start mining tonight!&quot;!
@hawkins_boi Takes 1 to know 1 
@lookski Thanks for the #followfriday! Added your list of recommendations 
@robots_ Thanks for the #followfriday! Added your list of recommendations 
@tezzer57 Thanks for the #followfriday! Added your list of recommendations 
Feels somewhat special 
Expect posts around noon today! Scheduled. 
@MediaCoach Memo to Mediacoach: u r funny 
At the &quot;exam&quot; they gave us 3 text. One being a text my class had made an assignment on already. Fail! haha 
#followfriday @foyboy 1) She had Skips on her face earlier this week, 2) Name-checks me on the telly in a grand, spectacular fashion 
Off today.  Headed to Delaware to do some shopping. 
Ready for the weekend. T G I F 
Rise and shine 
Rise and shine! 
Invade no ones noticed I'm feeling lairy today!  in the friendliest way possible of course!
Ready to slave the day away- DR tomorrow! Ahhhhhhh 
@NokiApp nice one, be interested in a review on the Comes with music side service 
Arrested Development Season 1 done 
Interview went well  My mum wants me to apply for Benefit Cosmetics as well cause they're recruiting... hmm, perhaps!
@billybob476 I made a mage troll the other day to mess with after I hit 80 on my hunter.  Called him Dabouv 
Before I head to the beach today  LE #followfriday: @eljefe1401 @beachpig @S_Dierwechter @Ready925 @Gloomy50 @AndyWillis @cstets @danmiami
Blocked the annoying msn guy 
@khalilaleker @Sznq thank you for the follow! Honoured 
@chriswoodward Claim it 
Feels good to be good 
http://twitpic.com/5otyr - End Result: Blackforrest cake! I feel gooooood.... 
@BOKAchef A self-made immigrant made A.B. great &amp; his Grandson soiled his legacy.Give small brewers a chance to be the next king of beers 
M/F Situation faced today again  http://bit.ly/f8ALq
@ruhlman Agree with you, fewer kitchen gadgets=better. Gadget I can't live without: Keurig single cup coffee maker. 30 seconds for a cup 
Half Term Officially Starts! Woooooooooooo 
Ready for my trip this weekend! 
http://www.adamofficial.com/.....Become a Member 
@carrotmadman6 It's supposed to, but as I said. Launch, Crash, Report. Repeat. 
Complain-To express feelings of pain, dissatisfaction, or resentment - indeed I have done enough of this for one night.  goodnight all.
Todays lesson: &quot;Human Wants are unlimited....1 want today and when it is satisfied, they want something else.&quot;- hey that's life 
@nokemono42 I think we should pick up Role Models 
@AmyMBarrera Than you for the FF 
Ready for the weekend 
Ready for the concert this summer 
@MBM_lll Agree, but so do you 
Ready for ALL staff meeting with Ministry presentation review and unknown surprises.   yeah!  I love our team!
Ready for the long weekend...a little bit of relaxing w/ family, a little bit of packing, &amp; a little bit of going out with the girls 
Answered the movie question and now going to make breakfast 
@jeweljk I love how u live normal and down to earth at your ranch. Makes you real  thanks 4 sharing!
Seem to be getting lots of #ff today!  I like it!  Thanks all!  Highlight reports all finished!  I can now wind down for the w/end ahead!
Picked a new parking spot  Haha
@aurorawilbs 32. Ready to settle down methinks 
.@GrandCentralPub Honored to welcome you &amp; your authors to my inspiring, fun, diverse and outspoken community. Writers rule! 
Next Book: Surprised by the Power of the Spirit. Excited for Mike Session from tomorrow morning till next Fri.. Cast you out!! WhooHoo! 
Ready for long weekend.  Celebrate kindly and make the best of it this holiday weekend.  Be Safe Twittabugs!  
@unebisoujtaime  Told her what? -whistles- 
Fires are fun. 
My ex's new girlfriend just told me I look like I've lost weight. Win, fatty. 
@qeeked_up_ninja i want Magics Vs. Nuggets for championship  lol
just got out the best hot shower! So reLaxed! Ready 2surf the net shop 4some new uGGz n Lay it down w/ a bLkbuster movie aaahh 
Watching Role Models w/ Thomas 
@ElectriKateD Suit yourself. 
Just had a great chat with mr yong! Treated him and other lecturers some fruits! 
Ordered more NYX singles @alliekat gave me a lot of them I want to try them with other colors now 
@mikeymcfly u using apple mango tango Gain? thts my fave..  it makes doing laundry a joy. lol
Testing my facebook updates from my phone. Wont have a computer which will be quite nice for a change! 
@kirstiealley  We missed you more. Hitched or Ditched appeared to be a loser show. TY for the review! You saved me from it.
@MOONLYTEN  Worth a try - I'm signed up for the free one but thinking of upgrading....Sign up and tell me what you think!
That's all folks!  until next time... Stand &amp; Deliver.. Hahahaha goodnight!
Thrilled with MASCOM's call Letter!! 
waiting for my sister to stop talking. She looks like a green smurf  Face hurts, from sunburn.. OR cause it got hit with a tennis ball! 
Love all. Serve all. Help ever. Hurt never. Author Unknown @Iconic88 @Letiitaa Should be the Twitter motto! 
Posted 1st Etsy Artist Feature: http://jenellsjewelryblog.blogspot.com/ Need more followers! 
@peon374 Agree totally!! 
@M1N10N Needs more green!  Ace start, keep going.
@steamykitchen the value of you creating far exceeds those tasks.  Outsource em~!  
Ready to call it a night!  A long day today, a long day tomorrow, and a super busy weekend!  But all good things  8 days to DISNEY!!!
Hit the unfollow button!! Just started seeing u again! Lol what's up with diddy!!?? 
@PheMom Yr so tweet, thanks for the retweet. 
@greekpeace did u get txt I sent u earlier w pic? Wanted to see what u thought 
Feels accomplished 
Revenge is sweet when you know you're worth it.  I lovelovelove Senses Fail.
Twt @Brighteyes08: Voted 4 u again!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6608i - Meet our new buddy brandon 
@omeghan Makes for a fun show filled with hilarious interactions 
Best Party ever,Wont remember it 
Rise and shine, tow the line, maybe later we'll wine and dine! Lol where did that come from ? 
I love that people don't know your on twitter unless you tweet. Cos im kinda/really addicted 
@jonchou Yay congrats!  Spoil them rotten 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr I voted for him 
@_JAYYTEE YUUPPP  ii gotta suitcase for each type ah item yo...(1) Shirts &amp; SOME hoodies..(2) Jeanz (3)Kicks pt.1 &amp; 2
@ddlovato Ready as ill ever be. 
Booed up lol 
Ready ready ready 
Ready to go back to the condo.... But  now wants to go on the ziplines 
I want to Marry 
@fake_vyvyan psml I don't mind you at all.  Most of the earth's population sees a shrink. Yr really not that different hey?
Solved the shoe dilemma.. And now it's friday 
This is the earliest I've ever tweeted... considerin' I've actually been to sleep already. Lol. Feels like the beginning of a good day. 
Durita is::  me lelajarse  Added by: Durita http://tinyurl.com/lqot4c
@stephenfry just another ream of invites to clog up the internets mail servers. Signed up anyway tho 
@NoniMwaniki   Needed the rest...I am loving it..
Ready for Deadlifts this morning 
Picked up the bike this morning. I've got the coolest mechanic... 
just watched &quot;Wanted&quot;. one crazy movie... really good! 
@warrenduff Cos you guys earn a squid load - you'd wanna be booking 3 games a day at least! 
@Kavitz I joined the healthcare industry about 7 months ago. Slowly finding my way around medical business rules. Ex financial services. 
Prepared a new header for my blog..... http://lifeloveandlogic.wordpress.com   
