Most common words for this cluster:
[('revision', 505), ('change', 72), ('maths', 34), ('today', 32), ('changes', 26), ('shift', 24), ('day', 20), ('science', 16), ('revising', 16), ('x', 15), ('exam', 12), ('com', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'revision', 0.9365494847297668), (u'revisions', 0.7344259023666382), (u'changes', 0.6533467769622803), (u'change', 0.6477528214454651), (u'revising', 0.6181774139404297), (u'revised', 0.5974631309509277), (u'grammar_sticklers_everywhere', 0.5714395046234131), (u'reevaluation', 0.553534209728241), (u'redrafting', 0.5403236746788025), (u'Revision', 0.5340424180030823)]





i think to much on the past. i cant change it. i deserved so much more then wat i got. ..but why am i still thinking about him  gah
Lots of revision to do tonight too for my final assessments. More assessments today as well, 90% pass mark is harsh 
doing some business studies revision 
ugh! i wake up and ff goes to sleep  guess i should just do more revision
English revision class 
hates revision 
I don't feel like revision. 
has got back from her driving lesson and is now waiting to go do some revision 
is boreddd of revision 
@ShelleyRunyon played both, i got tired of wow because of the pvp changes .. 
so soo sick of revision! this sucks 
@gisellenguyen RS have undergone some changes from what I know. They no longer have a deputy ed. 
when i read harry potter, i always feel so bad about my revision habits next to hermione 
I have never been sooo tired...when is this shift going to be over 
really needs to start revising... 
is back from the park and is now facing more revision 
hating revision 
revision 
Doing Alevel geography revision 
@jefftakeover would but do you live near me? and kinda got a load of revision to doo 
@landymann two chapters that's more revision than me! I've still got 30 odd pages of music theory to go 
Nothing but revision and exams... 
back to uni... lectures and revision  not cool !
doing accounting revision and finding it hard 
has to start revising.. has to has to has to 
@LittleFletcher ah im doing RIPH revision atm 
can't take revision seriously because it already feels like summer 
@LimeIce *for a change*, i wasn't utilizing those options.. 
revision 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! E71 is now crashing during setting changes. Backing up all data in prep for reflash tonight 
I can't sleep  i need to. I can't stand working the maintenance shift.
revision its such a chore 
thinks that she should get down to some revision 
Running into fog- this changes everything... 
im very tired but need to do some revision 
Is just doing revision  so boring 
so bored of revision but cricket soon ... not sure if i want to play though 
Dribbley cat just dribbled all over me and my revision  now illedgible
Trying to avoid revision 
Is loving the weekend but not the amount of revision she has to do 
revision time 
More revision today 
bit tired today but still has to do revision 
how can i revise, without my revision? 
Dying from revision 
Sitting waiting for my shift to start now, bored already. 
failing to get my shift covered 
Just done alot of revision 
doing revision 
should start revision now 
bored doing revision. 
doinng science revision  woopee 
has gym'd, showered, and now sitting down to carry on the revision.  I think it might be a late one too 
F***ing revision 
@xMyLifesAStoryx lol i wish i had that shift! i work 5-close 
@mileycyrus I am rediculously jealous. Revision is my agenda for next 2 months! 
im crying over the non-existant state of revision for my exaams.  
revision! 
is going to have ANOTHER day of revision 
The revision starts today, I can no longer put it off 
it's raining  and i have quite a bit of revision to get done today.
Is ecstatic about another revision fuelled day 
I cannot actually face spending the day doing maths revision 
Revision 
Revision 
Revision 
thinking there are some changes i should make to my papers... but i've already printed them 
English Revision 
A little sad about changes in the workplace 
Finished all my R.e revision but still know nothing 
revising revising revising 
About to be my shift. I need sleep  gnite twitterbugs.
soooo not feeling revision today!! gotta be done thou 
is revising psychology and english (not at the same time) AAAHHH i hate revision  damn damn damn damn damn damn any revision tips???
@LukinLove damn u i'm stuck with revision in the depths of merseymisery 
developmental revision  Boooooooo!
revision 
still in bed, bad times as i have revision to do 
Is hating having to do revision on such a lush day 
revision 
I'm working on a presentation about the french global revision of the public's politics 
tiiiiired...need to start revision today 
Revision 
I hate revision 
revision  :/
eurgh re revision sucks 
German revision 
revision is not going to plan.  i just cannot even force myself to revise.
does not feel like revising 
Final review of draft report happening at 6, then pulling a late one to make changes before I *try to* clean my hands of it. 14900 words 
gah doing revision. 
eugghhh getting ready for a long day of revision 
revision 
ahh, exams have started and get into revision mode!! 
maths revision..... 
i should really get down to some english revision.... cba 
revision revision revisionnnnn 
revision 
@SuperKaylo I'm doing or at least attempting physics revision  Helpp
going to watch the last episode of scrubs and then more revision 
revision  yesterday was amazing!!
english revision officially SUCKS. exam tomorrrrow 
Ever look at an exam paper and wonder if you printed out one for the wrong subject? That's when you know #revision isn't going well  #fb
English revision made me feel worse about the exam! 
revision 
must do lots of revision today 
Is doing stupid revision 
TIRED! The word revision makes me want to hurt myself 
I hate getting up late... and to find that I have a day of solid german revision to do 
has loadssss of revision to do today  
back into the revision today, maths suucks  x
physics revision, nothing could be worse 
is doing revision...again 
is tired of maths revision + wishes it was over with. 
has a severe dislike of exams and revision 
Oh the joys of revision.. 
I really need a change from the old routine!  
oh revision. eurgh! 
revision revision revision 
Revision 
revision it's a drainer 
has been to last chem tutorial - revision revision revision now 
revision sucks 
hates revision 
back to revision now LOL. mcfly took over. must watch britans got talent and the hills aswell (L) justine will be meeting mcfly right now 
away to do some business revision  wish me luck :|
hates stats revision. but has no cookies. 
@Jazzminnie But I've done barely any revision. So many things have bugged me that have completely put me off it 
The revising isn't going too well 
Revision 
@funnykeithkyle no  im tweeted out. Revising for exam i have tuesday.x
@farwestchina More invlolved than I was thinking it would be J, actually just thinking about some (more) changes 
Morning chaps and chapesses, lots of revision planned for today! 
@eddorre Didnt like the change? Not at all 
Revision 
awake, and bored already. revision here i come 
Maths revision........... 
bit of last minute revision before maths at 1. 
is up up up!! time for accounting revision 
has lots of revision to do 
science revision, bad foot, bad day 
is bored of revision 
is doing sum last min revision 
I should be getting a little more revision done but I can't decided what to wear, 
Maths revision he cant teach   x
science revision 
Business management revision kills the soul! 
starting my admin revision again 
Revision getting the better of me 
trying to revise for physics :| who created revision 
@lenahameed because revision is a cruel cruel mistress 
@steelsy There's no review, how disappointing 
is awake and back on the revision 
not enjoying revision 
Hating revision right now... 
Off to school for mechanics revision. SHIT  xx
is playing fallout, 45 mins till i should start some revision 
Is so bored..  an hour of revision need a 10 minute break then back to more revision!
Ah just another day of english lit revision 
is really, really bored! all this revision isn't helping either 
@alexhanrahan honestly dont mind but i just cant take a break from revision  xx
time to do some more revision 
didnt think i would be babysitting for aslong as i was. I now have 3- pages of physics revision to do tonight 
wow #revision3.com is one big ad 
Has to get back to revision 2day 
It's so warm....  I'm not used to it...I don't adjust to climate change very well 
back to revision time 
clubs are too shiney and new to play with them.. :S or maybe not.. golf tonight!  revision first.. 
really cba to start revising... esp. seeing as its chemistry i have to do 
only one more shift 
the half term has finally arrivedshame i've got maths revision and an engish essay to finish  i'll find ways to procrastinate anyway!
Is sunbathing. And doing revisions... 
is hungry, revising and bored 
went shopping. came back and tried to do some history revision. getting back into revision is hard. 
@danielpatrick correction: jamba is closed 
Why won't my avatar change. ? 
is tired of revision 
@SpaNkiEs25 kihkhikhi as always.. i dunoe if i wna go for the revision class 
why did i agree to work a double shift     
is thinking about a career change 
ooh lovely, a ridiculous amount of revision left to do 
@daisyamy me too i hate revision 
just come in from the garden. It is very warm out there but beautiful. Didnt do much revision though 
I really hate revision 
@kattekrab No tango icons in this revision. 
annoyed the #ppt didn't save my changes.  When I explicitly saved.  
is not looking forward to another night of revision 
i cant change my background 
@mooshinindy 1stthing we had todo was change all locks b/c she forgot she didn't live there anymore.  was quite sad. why did i tweet this?
crampy, got to get revision done, 
Waking up to yet another day of revision 
@RichardJJ stupid having-to-stay-iside revision 
it's sunnyyyyyy - got more coursework and textiles revision to do 
lovin the sunshine, but i have to do revision  let down.
looking forward to going to the theatre later with @MattJarryAstley... got to go to work first... my last shift with cat 
another day, more revision 
revision session 
better get beak to revision now!!! 
back to revision! 
@seanmcginley i missed parkes revision day  les forgot to wake me up and then left me.
is in the library.... will b here till 2mrw  any revision tips new1? b4 i jus take my own and jump of sum high building..... 
back inside. I think i should start some revision      n'awwhhhh
knows she needs to do revision but doesnt want to 
but i h8 revision soooooooo much 
revision 
Hates revision Specially when it's sunny 
trying to upload a new pic. but it doesnt change 
i've been doing revision since around 1. i'm not happy that i am still sat revising 
Working a double shift 
http://twitpic.com/69h3e - How much Revision I have left  x
geography revision KILLSS 
I am such a failure. I have done no revision whatsoever. 
had his last shift in topman  x
I'm one step from throwing myself or my revision or both out of the window. I know nothing - I just want to curl up and evaporate 
revision time :|  :|  :|  ;(
tired  revision &amp; coursework tomorrow :|
is revision central, missing the sunshine 
too tired for any more revision! 
Science revision  
wow gooo diversity... but all of the other acts were amazing too! right bed time now!!! n revision tomorrow!  xx
@GentleSinner homework/revision when I wake up 
@sizemore probably not more gcse revision with @XxMilkyxX  night x
I am going to need chiropractic realignment - I can just tell 
so much geog revision to do 
lots of revision to do 
@georgew0304 revision 
@chante4dannyxxx I'm so glad I've finished all my coursework for now! But I've got loads of revision  x
@Imaginations revising again it feels like I've done nothing but revision for the past 2 weeks 
changes are so sad 
I have changed, and I'm ready for revising 
Doing Science revision 
right, back to physics revision. i hate exams 
attempting to concentrate on geography revision  why is everything about learning facts instead of understanding things =/
I'm not going to listen to music today, its waaay to distracting from revision, gahhh, so much to do 
maths revision .. not good  
Is getting stuck into the revision, whilst the weather is stupidly good out 
needs to do some revision today 
Religion revision  and its so sunny  out side which makes it worse  xo
@saltyshutter biology revision for thursday 
Just had lunch, back to revision 
i cant believe i missed rove for revision  also novak lost  wtf
oh pffft. I hate revision! 
just had lunch in the sun. now for maths revision 
argh revision 
#Revision 
Accounts Revision .... done 3 hours so far ...... my fear is that it's not enough. 
revision 
And back to revision  not fun!
maths revision 
@Heatherrrr_ haha spazzz ;) and i know, i've only just got dressed!! omggg, but i feel better now, revision sucks sheep!! its so sunny 
Hates this bloody revision 
geography revision 
buuuuuurnt! I &lt;3 thiis weather!! But not revision! 
is also gulping! maths tomorrow and i have just found my revision session extremely challenging. i already did crap in the first one. AH. 
My head hurts   Revision isn't easy with a headache.
tomorrow: josh goes away then maths exam then media revision class home for more revision. booo 
has spent 2 and a half hours on revision. I still need to do a whole topic, maths revision, exam tryouts and look through all my work. 
@ThomasGudgeon awww, so much revision 
soooo fed up with revising! and it's too damn hot in here 
back to revision for me  hate it. boring.
Physics revision - plz kill me now 
I'm horribley burnt from sitting outside revising  
twitter is distracting me from my revision 
revision 
is sick of all this revision now  dreading 2moro and the rest of the week!!!
Revision 
@eils146 ditto. I'm panicing but still can't find the energy to revise  it's also depressing how many of my tweeds are about revision lol!
Revision 
@NickTheSloth same. And I've been out most of the day!! Revising soil is soo unbelieveably boring! 
Just made my revision list. 
oh revision dulling. 
revision for maths gcse 
screw revision....i give up...going home is all i want 
this song's middle change just doesn't want to be born..... arghhhh!! 
Revision turned into WoW. 
is very tired and hasn't done any revision!   ,  been to busy ;)
http://twitpic.com/6e40p - the revision notes waiting for me 
@kris_me bad changes for me  that i don't know how i will cope with *sigh* 
RS exam tomorrow so LOTS of revision to do 
i don't wanna do history revision, as much as i love it 
History revision 
revision sucks 
Doing shifty maths revision on a glorious day. 
!mercurial-crew can't find osutil ... can't hg update to the old revision 
is loving the sun &amp;&amp; hating revision 
geography revision 
revision revision revision 
yet more revision 
doning history revision  i am one unhappy chappie atm
working my last shift at CHPL 
the background doesnt change 
The sun is shining and im stuck doing revision 
@JohnnyCullen I should be revising but I can't  The weather + E3 = no revision 
english revision 
not liking this weahter change 
think i am perhaps becoming a spend-thrift. also, can't be bothered to do german revision 
This weather is amazing....shame about the revision 
@CallumQuinn same got sun burn   hows ur revision going?
I'm sleepy, but there are changes coming and have to finish it before I can go to sleep 
@flashpunk It didn't inform me of this change. 
is feeling fragile.... no change there then 
Tired  can't deal with revision anymore
need to do geography. i don't like all these revision/exam based tweets 
Science gcse revision.... 
migraine but still got to try revision  pfft no
very much enjoyed her sunny long weekend!!! no bak to revision 
Is supposed be doing revision but keeps getting distracted... 
back to revision 
i cant change my background. 
i don't like change, and i can already feel it. 
argghhh why do i have to wait 2 weeks for a text change?  
@eroticKa change your icon scaring me 
Trying to sleep isn't happening, big ol' revision day ahead of me tmoz 
Already sore from the hike 
@constant1change its not the same 
@yjlovesjj i clicked the save changes button and it just didn't save  it hates me hahah
I never would have thought that revising until half 11 would make me so tired &gt;.&lt;  tomorrow is all about revision and sleeeeep.
I think I should start doing my revision 
aaarrrgggghhhhhh, another change requirement ... 
Enjoying a change in twitter client. Should get back to revision now though 
is healthy breakfast then back to geography revision 
@fakejowhiley lucky you having lilt, all I have is politics revision 
 Revision 
Massive hayfever today  listening to the who and doing some drama revision
didn't do wonderfully in my mock biology exam today thank goodness was just a mock! LOTS more revision to do ! I hate revision 
damn revision  so boring!!!
its impossible to do revision when its sunny 
is panicking about chem revision!!!  2 modules to do in one day!!! OMGG..... :S
do not want to do chem revision... es muy aburrido  but that's a bit of spanish revision right there 
Revision... Revision... Revision. hmpffff 
Off to lunch then back to revision 
Too bad the paladin changes were nerfs 
getting ready to go to school since leaving garhh revision 
my business teacher wants to arrange extra sessions to help me with revision grrrr 
revision is the biggest bore 
History revision is harrrd 
right seriously need to get back to revision now.  bye for now!
@roxiijonas 'took my revision outside' but I fell asleep and then felt like a failure.. 
lovin' the weather, hating revision...there's always more to do 
The new twitdroid r only minor changes but I absolutely hate them......ugh 
Up extra early  to cram in some more history revision !
http://twitpic.com/6iocu - @iamtwitty correction 
Has just started his last minute revision for the exam he has at 13:45 today 
maths revision is a minus 
Revision complete! I should probably look at that section I skipped now 
@mattmaloney I dunno, I hate change 
I am not looking forward to exams  I need to get some seeeeriously sociology revision done today!
chemistry and english revision 
thinks that she should do some revision now! 
@hollaaluke i know right  unlucky, i hate revision
revision revision revision, work work work 
@danger_skies you done any revision yet? 
eurghh revision 
i hate revision, but i do love charlemagne, i just wish i already knew everything about him 
chemistry revision 
revision 
still cant differntiate bid and offer rates despite countless revision 
@jordanhowell I wishhh, chemistry revision 
revision plus pain  not happy
http://twitpic.com/6j5c1 - I had to leave this revision for work 
i don't want to do more revision  i'm tiredddd
revision 09 ... 
LOTS of revision to do...... NOT happy 
seaside follies tonight , ehhhhh! as well as revision 
chemistry revision sucks 
really can't concentrate on revision  i need to though.
okay...revision timee 
@itsandygeorge looking forward to it guys, will help with the revision for 2moros exam 
I am trying to get revision done... and failing... 
Revision is the devil 
or short short--- god all the decisions, must crack on with some revision now. booo! 
homework is mean...but this is like revision 
geography revision is hard 
@keza34 revision and thats about it 
@devakishor I tried one that u mentioned. No significant improvement though 
Desperately waiting on a change! We need to get out of here quick. I think I'm losing it! 
revision revision revision. . . .  
my correction fluid is not working, nyebelin 
onto more horrible revision today. i just want exams to be over! 
Has woken up very late...ooops. Revision for me now...hmph 
ahhh revision!  i really should start haha
Physics revision: here I come! 
has got loads of revision to do today!! 
shattered but still has a tonne of revision to do 
Boooooooooored! I might even resort to some graphics revision, hmmmmm 
French revision  ...except I don't know how to revise it :s ..it's reading and writing :s
should have done lots more revision by now oh dear 
revision 
revision will commence in 5...4...3...2...1 
this revision break is just not long enough... 
revision sucks  must go back to it tho...
History revision 
dreading maths revision 
Doing french revision  x
@Glittertinden awh! I'm sorry.  If it's an excuse the revision, or lack thereof is making me testy 
well the plan for revision today went basically out the window..... civil rights revision is the most tedious thing i have ever done  x
i have done nooo revision today 
doing some not so awesome revision 
totally dreading tuesday! geography revision is failing and latin prose is just scary 
More revision tomorrow  all over soon though...
is worried about getting NO revision done today 
is going to bed, more revision tomorrow  NIGHTTTT
2:30 in the mornin' + still awake, whats the matter with me?! Revision 2moro 
working the late shift  
has so much revision to do 
English lit revision today.. really don't feel up to it 
Doing science revision  learning ideas in context 
doesn't want to do revision today either 
I feel sick.  Lots of english revision to do today 
History revision is just upsetting! 
Maths revision makes me want to cry 
Revision 
cant seem to start revision 
revision, revision.. revision  grrrrrrr.
This revision just isn't working!  xoxo
is attempting science revision...but failing...I still no nothing 
i want change handphone ! 
so nearly finished my textiles - ahhhh! then maths revision 
@gapboy, I know D: god revision is shit 
german oral revision isn't going well 
tired..ever so tired and has more revision 
revision 
@AbbieFletcher_ same! except revision  what subject you doing it for? you up to much today ? xx
Has another day of revision... 
Doing my nails and revising!! :@ I hate revision! 
homework and revision... 
Classics revision 
is hating the sun when theres revision to be done 
did about half an hour of revision then got bored and stopped  lol
bored of geography revision 
chemistry revision is absolute balls 
Should reallyyy startt some chemistry revision! 
didnt get much revision done again 
I'm feeling ill - too dizzy to concentrate on revision. 
cramming last min revision! 
@tinoforever I'm hoping 8 hours straight revision will be enough for this. 
edits &amp; revisions hurt my brain 
ok so i can't sleep  some last minute revision me thinks!
Two more full days of revision....  badtimes
halfway through reading dissertation through....then onto revision  http://tinyurl.com/r9o3w9
@jfrd You didn't wake me up this morning! Revising for maths is horrible 
period + fatigue = no chem revision. no chem revision = guilt trip. 
shall be revision science i guess!!  no more revision after science, yesssssss (unless i fail) ahaa
more bloody revision 
This revision.... Not going well 
One hour to go. Revision revision revision. Not going as well as C3 revision went 
Off now for business revision!!! 
why is there always room for improvement? 
back to reality...more revision 
media revision  chemistry revision 
#Iranelection @persiankiwi @change_for_iran 
booooored of law revision... and I've run out of chocolate raisins  it's not good!!
still hasn't done any revision 
Physics Test Revision! 
ive given up on revision. i am going to fail mod 5 miserably. 
revision, bothered, bored 
i dont like change  it makes me mardy and upset
going to sit through my monthly review 
is tired but neeedas to do much much more science revision 
Making myself get off the computer to do some revision 
food was fantastic and unless listening to shakira and las ketchup count as spanish revision then i guess i should start now 
@F1698 revision is poor banter  whatcha revising for?
needs to eat just like @hannahtaylorxx  haha but also needs to do science revision 
maths revision at 1  argh! bad times
I haz a migraine  Doesn't bode well for getting any revisions done. Hopefully it'll go away soon.
here's to another open to close shift... 
@pajnstl I am working the closing shift 
is bored of revision  
revision again 
is pissed off at the fact i still have examss.. mare for me. would really need to start revision soon if i intend to pass at all 
@mgregoryw I know  change it to what?
Revision is killing me now. 
Decision revision... bad times  But at least it's the last exam =D
urghhh cannot do byb8 and not even finished revision chm5 and dnt have a clue about any of that  x
doing revision 
Science revision  C2 P2 B2  boo you poo
Tears me up to see friends becoming dinosaurs resisting change, rather than embracing change. 
Sitting in science without ness because she teases me that i can't spell revision 
@UnknownFilms hey i'm going to bed but I didn't figure out how to make those changes yet 
@yeager OMGosh.. i'll go change it right now...   thanks so much for letting me know.
I'm awake sooo early...all for the name of revision! 
It's amazing how quickly things change, I'm now being beaten by 55. 
technology revision  pointless subject !
it's soo nice out and it just figures i'm working the worst shift possible 
in just over 24 hours, my exams will be over!! but i still have a huge amount of revision to do!  i'm going to fail english!!!
chemistry revision 
Revision ............................... 
i actually hate physics revision 
@alexbrooks ah! Perhaps 3G S is softer.. or it was a very mcuh deliberate change 
is going to start revision now 
@sOoPRETTY I thought you was gon change that 
@mshurtmeplz too many do  and most need no change
is starting her English Alevel revision...... 2 hours before it starts 
revision 
Science revision!!!  sooooooooo boring!!!!!
revision is making me sleepy 
Working the late shift 
@loopsdoops was hacked..cant change my pw 
Maths Exam Revising x 
is pissed that a fundamental structure change is needed for our presentation ! 
@cherrydust  making me worried about not doing any revision
my eyes hurt, so much more revision to do 
@mydoctortennant haha, that sucks. I hate that.  How did the drama revision go?!
My shift tomrw is cut 
will and grace is over, i need something new to distract me from revision 
I miss ny  and bree ! I miss harlem  sigh ! I think I can make a change
@TJArnhem No, hihi I wish. I'm not there  But i miss it so much, I can cry about it! let's change the subject! How are you?
Morning all! I suppose I'd better do some revision today 
i do not want to go to math revision on my birthday 
@itsandygeorge, @gregjames, @therealnihal, @edibow, @kutski looking at the revision guide is actually making things worse 
@kjensen763   its the climate change, isnt it?
Arghh I'm tired but I want to go shopping tomoroo.  Maths Revision (N)
@CalebFTSK changes are good...but really?! 
Consuming large quantities of COFFEE, then its Revision &amp; more Revision  every day 4 me, until my economics exam on Thursday morning!! 
change is always hard, but i didn't expect it to be this...impossible. 
3 days working on performance tweaks only to discover that all my changes made it worse.  
revision  and just getting started on twitter x
why did i agree to do an extra shift tomorrowww 
Tidying my room  then more revision
Doing maths revision which kinda sucks 
is fed up with revision 
french's revisions = sooooo boring 
@nebthet I guess it's because of the server change 
revision 4 maths exam on tuesday 
@MegFerr i miss you  oh well, off to slave another shift at ritas
Maths Revision 
halfway through reading dissertation through....then onto revision  http://tinyurl.com/r9o3w9
@TJea changes though, brand changes too  let's hope not!
working grave shift 
now if i must should i keep true blood's bill and sookie as my bg or change to new pattz??  its too hard now!! 
had a fantabulous weekend!  now onto that paych revision... 
maths revision 
trying to do revision, but nothing's going in, I hate sunday's 
5 exams in 2 weeks  i hate revision.
science revision 
feels poorly  and has tones of homework and revision to be doing!
should probs do some revision... 
neeedss to do revision and treally can't be bothered 
Maths revision. I'm going to fail so badly come tuesday 
24 hour shift has begun 
Baths revision 
About to finally knuckle down to revision. 
revision3.com is down  http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/revision3.com
@UmAlawi I see a few improvements, so I'll stick with it, haha. Its just so hard sometimes 
Miserable  I need a change
will jhus spat up on me  to the change...mobile
extremely excited and now the mood will drop biology revision ugh 
Now time for some maths revision!! Yayyyyy 
maths revision 
doesnt like change 
No weight change.  Wouldn't be bad, except that I haven't cheated  and I worked out!
why won't my background change? 
Coding...for a change... 
@dublinblondie That's a very scary change to make go current conditions though 
@dorkas426 i totally took the change of scenery. it was great. 
going to do some revision then go outtt 
@dumbeddown boooooh to the bold :p change it  actually i want to see it 
@craigsender p.s. thought it was a good review tho and will prob see it.  
Waking up...(yawn) it feels good to sleep in for a change 
The best shift by far 
http://www.th-designs.co.nz/ --- Just made the first revision. Feedbacks are welcome! 
@mrhunker change can be good 
enjoying a change 
Feeling good, alive and alert for a change 
Heading into library to revise, change of scenery always nice 
is going to hit the sack early for a change! 
@abronzan that was my introduction to him too 
says new deviation  http://plurk.com/p/rdse6
@alxwest is that a positive or negative review? 
@CoachVanessa good additions 
listening to radio 1 instead of doing revision, 
@yarazura yara how to changes these background? 
@moriahphillips you do understand that i still dont like him. oh and yourname is boring change that ishh 
@stickycarrots it is always good to have a change 
finished with the rough draft. that was the easy part. revision is always the hardest. i'll save that for tomorrow. 
@vavroom  Indeed, not necessarily bad, and sometimes it doesnt change fast enough 
Has an hour left of revision 
another week, another org change discussion....  
@EricIsiah *takes out a $20.00 bill* you can keep the change 
is up for lots of revision today and then out toniight 
I think me gettin a physical change 
i'm change my design 
so it's tomorrow, and i'm stoked. and i should be doing revision. and i'm not. and i don't care. 
@stephenfry i love little distractions from revision 
did some small tweaks I think it sounds good 
Ssooo excited about the future, many changes coming  
Hates all of this exam revision... why don't they just give everyone As and be done with it!?! 
I hate all of this exam revision... why don't they just give everyone As and be done with it!?! 
@FranStephens yeah I know what you mean... I've done like no C2 revision, but I know what the remainder theorem is now so thats a start  x
@GoldyMom I always have to hover to see who I'm talking to when the avatar changes  I'm grrrreat.
Wooohooo for change !!!!!!  
my only break from revision.. and i'm spending it on twitter.. 
hmm some revision i think is needed  x
is doing maths revision with dad 
Working on improvements to fdrop.it 
has revived his blog and is happy  now onto revision...
i tackle revision.. with.. precision. 
revision going pretty well so far... little and often is the key here! 
is dreading the maths exam tomorrow, i've done loads of revision  watching 90210 now  x
Arghh mite just die, revision will kill me 
Just going to pop out to get some sweeties for doing revision with 
is doing revision 
@EastCoastGamblr felt like a change 
have been celebrating donut week  Donuts + Revision = fun times!
last minute revision for chem exam, which is basically saying having so much fun... 
@DHughesy let him sleep, change him when he wakes. u can try change him whilst sleeping but good luck with that 
Just 5 days of review and we're done! 
@ddlovato  I like the one you posted about changes. 
last day of revision 
revision WILL happen today 
#aneko says: I hope we would have fun on my first shift here 
really in the mood to finish my of mice and men revision booklet 
early start, for a change. 
Final day of revision!  Just wish the exam was today to get it over. #revision
Hey world! I'm going to so some English revision  x
My review of the #Lynxbullet at www.mindparade.com 
#dmctweeterscount 1 change number and don't repeat 
@ThoughtsFurPaws Love the review! Thanks for tweeting 
made bed now...had food..decided to have shower  then onto revision!
maths is done  was all the revision worth it? next up...english lit.
Should really get out of bed and get ready to do some revision or to shopping 
I am doing some last minute revision on the bus. 
How many subscribers do Revision 3 have for their shows? A link to real figures or a good guess, anyone?  @kevinrose ? @revision3 ?
It's so warm....  I'm not used to it...I don't adjust to climate change very well 
i promise i'll do some revision today  i need money ?
changes are near... great 
Revision: 10:30.  
@mattstallard I'm so jealous, although I am still in pjammas and have eaten large amounts of ben and jerrys today  So much for revision.
@lozopus We were pretty close to being mentioned. I hope he reads the comment and changes it  been talking to americans - I'll fwrd you it
correction: ***IF*** i go home 
