Most common words for this cluster:
[('right', 891), ('lol', 43), ('side', 39), ('thing', 30), ('left', 29), ('im', 28), ('u', 22), ('amp', 21), ('time', 20), ('com', 19), ('something', 18), ('sounds', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'right', 0.9042112231254578), (u'##.Help_us', 0.6436884999275208), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.6396927833557129), (u'\xd4What', 0.6353106498718262), (u'Goodwill_Catanese', 0.6352643370628357), (u'THE_PRESIDENT_Okay', 0.63313889503479), (u'just', 0.6301354169845581), (u'obstruct_petty_larceny', 0.6293029189109802), (u'Iknew', 0.6290165781974792), (u"Don'tI_deserve", 0.6289239525794983)]





im sooo sad right now  i need a hug
so dissappointed right now guess its not meant to be 
my right nipple is sore 
@adolescents  i would do anything for it to be ridiculously hot right now
@EmilyK4 the sec on the left, opposite side of @JonathanRKnight  i was totally bummed, but I talked to him at the M&amp;G and he looked for me
I feel like getting wasted right now, but I have nothing to drink  #wasted #drunk #plowed
ilp.nba.com inaccessible right now  anybody have this problem too? #nba #nbaplayoffs
I feel so sick right now. I have nothing to do you we still have a few hours.  I need to get out of this van.
@caprica3 This is like my fourth visit.  I usually feel pretty good right afterward, but I don't know if it's helping over all.  
is stuck between 2 worlds. Which one is the right one? I think I know but....can someone else be me until this is over lol 
i feel really empty right now its hard trying to get over your ex 
&amp;nd i still can't hear with my right ear 
@Sugar117 It's not that. It's just that I found the right shoe under hella shit and I think that warped it to the point of cutting. 
@_Karenn I'm feeling so bad right now, i wish u were beside hugging me, insted of being here crying alone, stupid cruel boys  ILoveUSoMUCH
I really dont feel so good right now... 
@CarMaKi  you missed the zombie walk...always next year though right!?
Thinking of all the things I could be doing better than working right now 
feeling like this song right now  http://tinyurl.com/25cskq 
@CynLuscious  right on!  wish I was there.  
I have an rash on the right side of my tummy, it itched, i scratched... now it hurts 
@jasonmitchener  well I was doing good right on up to 5 minutes ago, whereas I noticed a big tree fell in my backyard 
I cant study right now  my brain isn't willing to take anything in right now
Oh my god! The exams tottaly unpredictable. I dont have an idea which the right answer. 
I was off to a good start until I burnt my finger  why are crickets so loud right now??? @dougbenson today!
totally not feeling good right now  feels like a docter apointment is coming
why does everybody sleep right now? i'm so lonley im Mrs. lonley i have nobodyy to tallk  haha
sad right now. need to be comforted by someone. 
My right arrow key is dying 
The right side of my jaw has been killing for the past few days... not sure why 
I think I've been walking too much.  Have this huge blister that hurts like hell on my right foot making it difficult to walk 
feels really bad right now. 
Is anyone else just sad right now? I really need a vacation! 
@mayhemstudios oh buddy I am sorry  I hate, hate being sick. How are you feeling now? Taking it easy right?
My right thumb cannot stop trembling because of tennis  ugh.
A cerveza sure sounds good right now.  But I have none 
WAYY too many cookies. I feel SO sick right now  
@emster98 got you your pashmina today.  Not quite the right color though.  
I want to hate myself right now, but I know I did the right thing 
@NOCrimeExaminer weight on my right side bc sometimes my left knee is a killer.  I try to reshift my weight but it's a habit now.
got to drunk last night...feel great right now.. 
leinster clearly woke up on the right side of the bed this morning 
@WYGBA u never called me :-/....and I never got any txt  240 413 8158....u sure u was sendin it 2 the right #???
@_MoisesArias haha yeah i know ur right 
have pain in right shoulder and crank 
my heel on my right foot is still sore from where i stepped on something friday night.  it poked me pretty darn hard.  ouch!!  
I am like so sleepy right now, gotta go to work 
Home shopping right now. Not that easy. 
Is  it the right thing to do? 
Our apartment is so dark right now, curse you rain. And I hate paper cuts. 
i wish mr right would come along and collapse into my lap 
I wish I was at bamboozle, the maines playing right now 
@xojordieox23 ;; you're listening to my favourite song right now. &lt;3 (sorry, but i feel like such a stalker.  )
I wish I had some bratwurst right now.    Now I'm really hungry.  I want om noms!
@dorizinn I'm so sad right now  that's my ultimate favorite song of all time.    
There's always a choice on the left and one on the right... but I've discovered that dropping out of the bottom seems more effective. 
feels like talking to her right now.  http://plurk.com/p/roxtv
the twitching in my right eye has moved to my right side or rather they are both twitching in a strange staccato unison. i give up. 
good to be back!  my inbox is scary right now though 
OUCH! i just found a pimple on my right jaw line  it hurts!
I went crazy over the cotton on flats, selling at 2 for $25. But, a crazier reality,is that I don't have $25 . so sad right 
happy mommies day...bed time, my right hand is in major pain since i decided to burn/blister the middle and almost break the index 
so sososososo so mizzy right now  I need to find a bed somewhere &amp; inhabit it. will someone please fix me?
I just feel extremely sad right now. I need someone to talk to. 
so confused right know. idk what to do 
cant do nothing with my left wrist now 
wish me luck.  darien moms are scary.   a little bury your dead to get the morning started off on the right foot at least. *grins*
@ExocetAU /jealous right about now... i want a beer 
i can't believe i was at the right place at the right time and i didn't do anything! 
it's just another day.... no need to put it up on a pedestal right? 
Morning. I pulled my right shin muscle in my sleep. 
My knees hate me... first my left one that needed surgery now my right one that hurts so much I don't want to walk on it 
I am having a sharp stabbing pain in my right ear! This is just all kinds of no good. 
so pissed right now, mixed with misery, i fucking hate bitches. 
@fitsme2 had one negative comment   didn't take is personally i have worked very hard to get were i am i earned the right to boast
Feeling so anxious right now. gtfo anxiety 
For once I wish someone was awake to talk to.. I'm in a deep low right now.  I'll be okay in the morning I guess..
has the biggest urge to play pokemon right now!!!! im addicted. 
@mad4rombks as of right now, they have not found him.   (update?)
ahhh my right ear is blocked and i can't hear properly 
@alexxaviertb at least ur Actually revising... i feel like a right idiot, but brain just can't compute... 
@jaybakker I think you are on the right path, I don't know if I would have a perverse word on my website though 
Where do I start it's a right old mess 
@gregh19 your right i sorry (bad child face when in trouble) downgrading now dad 
I would give my right eye for someone to talk to right now.  fml.
I am SO hungry right now. No food anywhere within a 10 mile radius from me. 
I sucked at bowling... A 66  lol it went down the right side no matter where i aimed... 4 gutterballs in a row roflrofl
I am so artistically blocked it's nearly painful right now. I have zero ideas in my head and nothing is coming no matter what I do. 
i feel so sick right now, can barely keep away from the bathroom,  
pens are a right rip off 
The right side of me was eaten by mosquitos 
@sisterswift yeah greys was intense...i think they are both dead right? 
@sue83... not sure how this works. @fireinureyes am i doing this right. @misschecka i got a twitter, i'm not sure how to use this!!!! 
got 2 practices in a row.. im pretty sad right about now 
@littlecharva Ah right  Only been in the once (@minxlj's birthday) and although it was busy I didn't find them arrogant/rude
@thegreenfamilia sounds like a right palava 
boon's right eye is always kinda closed recently .. i wonder if he's okay 
@Descending your right LOL been up since 6 
a fool  and doesnt deserve her right now..
Hurting so bad right now. I wish there was someone to talk to 
up way too early. my allergies are insane right now 
im running on only coffee right now. I need food but nothing sounds good 
still wishing i got  the top40 countdown in australia  sad !!! singing right now lol
Is experiencing a severe case of mental block. Not only my imagination, but it's keeping me from thinkin' right. :o 
.@lownleeeynjul did you hear how @MissxMarisa was stabbed today? she's ok, but in hospital right now 
Whats weird is i am going the right way now and it still yelling at me. 
In the stock room at work organising flip flops. Seriously. I'd rather be at home and in bed right now. Or anywhere with aaron 
Man, this happened right by me  http://bit.ly/MuDgC
@clairethomey *sigh*  i am depressed right now. That looks sooo good.
@ahhhgolf  my balls dont fly wide right !!!   should I  go to a  doctor for that? lol
@bubbler63 yea I know I'll realize it. life is so easy right now but I can't help that I'm not enjoying it as much as I know I should 
@jeremyredmore soooooo gorgeous right??? i wish i had my camera 
@__stephanielynn damn your right. i never thought of that  dear god! well at least i can say i gave it another go LOL
@MyHomepage I look a right mess, not very happy  the stylist forgot to bring shoes so I have to wear my own and urgh whatever.
http://twitpic.com/65wlf Sounds so good right now. @Druzu is going without me 
I am so wound up right now...cant sleep to save my life. And my hand is swollen and hurts a little...actually A LOT 
when will things get better?...as of right now it looks like they wont b for a very long time..ughh i hate it 
Weekend's right around the corner! ...but it feels so far away. 
y am i so hot right now?  i feel like im burning
@aiacobellis haha love it,i was actaully gonna pick that one! And youre so right season 6 was soooo lame 
I miss everyone!!!!! I am definitely feeling lonely and sad right now 
i cant hear anything outta my left ear 
@itsgabbith oh no!  thats no good! I pierced  my bottom lip on the right side...myself in 12th grade, but we had a no piercings dress code
Just discovered a painful sunburn on my right sholder  hopefully it just turns into a tan!
omg, my right hear us blocked and it's so annoying. what i i wake up deaf?  
omg, my right ear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?  not gonna lie, i'm so scared
I really ain't woth a f*ck. I can't do anythin right.   What's wrong with me? 
@CourtJsallis  lolll, i cba to get the sun stuff and i forgot that the back of my leg wouldnt gwt tanned lol. it hurts sooo bad right now 
A sweater, a sandwich and a hug sound so fantastic right about now 
@QuindaS  your right.... How was your trip
@ricanitaliana89 u really don't think so?  maybe ur right....lol. btw what phone u using? think u told me b4...i might have an app for u
did crossfit running today...agitated my right leg 
@MirandaBuzz ahhhhh....... i hate math!!!!!!! right now we r doing something so hard that we just learned today......  lol
my right arm is burnt from the sun 
notthebest weekend....but oh well....I have a right to be sad 
Ugh work sucks. I could be with sher right now  
@lolbethie that sounds great right about now. It's ridiculously hot in my house 
omg really mad right noww 
im so confused right now 
@brian_tong disappointed i didn't win the eyefi card  i had the right answer too.
I'm really sad right now. I hope my grandma dosnt die 
@soytraicy I do  ...It sucks so much, I've broken my right shoulder 3 times and fractured my right thumb, and now one of my right ribs :'(
#facebook is extremely sluggish right now...to the point where it is not even usable 
Anyone know how to fix the issue I'm having (look at the top right  ) http://dannyswrld.co.cc/
@bakingcupcakes omgshness im so cold right now. going to leave for netball 
@DivaWhitney  I'm jealous  .. fast food is addicting &amp; I want some so bad right now lol
@MizCo09 hey- just checked twitter- I can't find his number written down. I don't know if he's called... I'm worthless right now 
My shoulder hurts so bad right now 
For some reason my allergies are so fucken bad right now!! 
the ad for nestle club original makes me really really want chocolate right now. 
Where's my friends???  I'm miserable right now.
@sarahearles your telling me i could so do with some right now being stuck at work an all 
My Pc is really slow right now and its starting to annoy me 
I still can't believe gregg didn't get throught  he is a right fittie ;) x
I neeeeeeed bacon so bad right now. But it's still frozen.  
im really angry and scared and sad right now... 
going later to get my right nipple looked at...this fucker better not be rejecting, although i know it is 
i was in goals yesterday and when i saved the ball my hand bent back omg its sooo painful right now 
I am really hungry right now. I would go to steak n shake 4 the eggs with the works but don't feel like driving 
@kevinkuntsickle ha i know! D: but as of right now i am 
has spent the day in the sun and is now a little burnt, its weird though cause my right hand side is more burnt than the left  x
It wasn't to be  but oh so proud to be blue right now.
My eyelashes make me look like a drag queen if I don't put them on right 
@shiftleaderKRIS nah I was sleeping haha he did the right thing  I just think its funny that rob wrote me up paha
Feeling so sick right now &amp; trying to work.. This sucks! However I just bought 2 domains.. I wanted to go out so bad tonight &amp; boy scout 
oh woah, sharp pain at my right temple. uggghh, headachee 
@joek949 mmh..nothing lol was looking for a new pair of sunglasses but didnt find the right one 
It is yaar... I m handicapped for the moment... its in my right hand 
dropped a retaining wall brick on my right ring finger - /cry   I should have bought a condo  
at least some of you guys are going to see blink. i'm too poor to go at all right now 
I've got the flu and it really sucks. Would loved to be taken cared of right now, but not gonna happen..... 
@Alongcamelucy i don't think i've done this right but. I know tis gay much  x
@zthebody LOL well at least don't lose contact w/ me  u got my # right?
Contemplating my buggered right ring finger which hurts something awful  hadn't realised how much rings have become a part of my wardrobe!
@pleia2 The whole reason I love xfce so much is the right click on desktop menu with all my programs that I can customize 
Hanging out watching my nephews at the skate park! I wish I could tear it up but I don't have my board or the right shoes 
my right ovary REALLY hurts 
@Bhawk5 yeah, like right now.  Literally. 
the right side of my face are severely swollen. 
Wondering why not many tweets.. well i hurt my right index finger.. so hardly able to type 
By the way, snipe me &amp; you will be blocked ! I have a right to be here &amp; say what I wish to say, good, bad or indifferent so there. 
is going to play fable 2 right now, not going to be on xbl though, only have one adapter 
@mileycyrus Your best friend moves like this summer. That what happens sorry iam so sad right now i just found out 
@kspidel hopefully they fix that soon! All my videos from tonight are pretty useless right now 
@Steviee123 I can see that in our futures!!  I know  same here! we'd be having a mini-party of our own right now!!
@crimetime31 your right nothing at all 
really wants to be better right now. i get so frustrated being sick  laaaame.
omg i need to be asleep right now.. 6am will come quick 
The one im missing the mosterestest right now is emmanuel! 
@KuraFire made my right hand hurt. A lot. 
@createillusions that sounds so good right now 
I'm looovin my new place but I'm too happy right now! I want my mommy  lol
I'm really paranoid right now... i haaate spiders 
i feel so shit right now, i woke up and baked cupcakes and haven't done ANYTHING beneficial to my academic side of life. i hate myself. 
@keshav You did the right thing. I know that he 'cen't' sing 
nek sore cant look fully 2 the right 
i look like a dead panda. that's sexy... right? 
Sons of Hodir questline sucks.  Scryers' shoulder enchant isn't *that* bad, right? ::hides::
im so jealous right now 
....on my left side, but not even one red spot on my right side or neck??????...... It fucking hurts!!! 
It was like 90 degrees and all i did was run, seriously i got to the end and my hair had gone all curly  i looked a right state but its -
got to go for lunch now, oh joy! im feeling really lazy right now so i really really dont want to move but im going to have too  byeee!
@cheztickle dude i don't remember the exact dialogue! aha. lol sounded like him haha. you should come over like right now 
@NerdIndian any amount of bucks is right now big for me.. coz i'm no better than a bankrupt right now.. 
I'm having trouble uploading a picture  I can't get the right size, how does this work?-- having a sugary latter at atlas cafe
allergies are so bad. im dying right now 
@wabbitoid let's hope so! The one of my right foot is the size of a quarter! 
@sofiesunshine it feels horrible right now. i thought i was over tour depression but  that band, eh?
I just power washed the crap out of my back deck and now my right hand is twitching 
take me back to manchester  freeking some geese just flew like right past my window :s ewwww
oooo ppl.....you gotta factor in the suncream.....lol, i didnt - and now it burns....so bad right now  x
@PsychicSophie aww I tried to listen but apparently I don't have the right program to dl the file 
@sexidance ugh ive wanted to make a mixtape too but im not really into music right now for some reason 
my right foot hurts 
It I could just hit a drive over 150 yards in the right direction 
What is this incessantly bright skin-burning shtuff? Ah right, must be exam time 
@theKaceyLynn if it is any consolation 2 u my right ear is all fucked up from the plane 
My right shoulder is burned and it hurts  I think I'm okay everywhere else though.
@HotBranbran I never got it.  You sure you got the right smurf? LOL
i really have no idea whats going on right now 
fuckkk. why do i always want to play in one of those jumpers. i wish i was a little kid right now 
@nilsipilsifan hehe. I'm feelin very bleh right now, so i'll prolly go to sleep soon. 
@lokey its only bout 1in right now, but it may be too close to the line of sight thus they couldnt fix it anyways!  mum's taking it in tmr
such a long time!! Awww, I want to sqaure dance so bad right now!! I miss a certain someone!! 
@MathewGendron n'aww mathew  but if requesting kids was prescription, you'd be feeling hella good right now ;)
@kjade Its okay bb, I was lame right along with you 
@channeldvorak Yes. The right to life appears to apply only to the unborn. 
wants someone to help her write music  point me in the right direction!!!
i want you so bad right now  right beside me, way close. me smothering you with kisses...
is very unlucky cause my right eye wos full with messed up eyeliner and i wos sitting in front of the guy i like  how embarassing
Is there such a thing called dinner in bed? I want one right now. 
Today hasn't gone off on the right foot at all. I may spend the rest of the day feeling sorry for myself 
@tsarnick I'm super tired right now, I'll twitpic them in a bit, Haha, I wanted 1st 
@twinklestah ya D: just not at the right time. 
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/6dqm1 - gotta be in the right light to look at it though 
trying to belong when no wants you to is like the saddest thing of all.. i felt it again today.. i hate it.. I'm really sad right now.. 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaah, i wish i was a millionaire. then i could buy all the gorgeous jack wills clothing im looking at right now 
I have an earache so I am not the most pleasant right now.  
@juella_  I thought those were hilarious right up untile I saw this one: http://bit.ly/3sEu8   #fail #tcot
Weekend almost over  Bbq with pat right now 
wants to see her baby like right now right now....AHHHHHHHHHHHHH talk about a cocktease 
ugh!!! caffine pills making me feel not good right now  really dont feel like going back to work
Oh wait, I don't have a right thumb. 
im always missing something like right now i have the salsa but not the tostitoes! 
@screwzluse   You have a warranty on those right?
it's hotter than hades today!! i drove from my house to target in liberty, and my left arm is now darker than my right one!! lame.com 
@steamrunner I may need pointing in the right direction after cider. Not very good at drinking 
i wish i had the right jar 
@charlieskies new moon trailers a right letdown 
400m breaststroke, 200m freestyle breathe on the left, 200m freestyle breathe on the right. no improvement 
Doing the right thing is rarely easy. 
@Fefi_Doesit I know. I bet it has. I can imagine that's hard to go thru cuz that's like a kid right there 
@lilmamasofly90 yes I am and im still  turn dat right!! lol
oh I feel HORRIBLE right now 
@vincedomingo  HAHAHAH dude i like the default picture of u and amy LOL i'm crackin up right now. twittering at triumvir. ubertwitter 
@ohnoitsjericho I wish I could go to either of those right now! I need a getaway like you wouldn't believe. 
@JoanLove that sounds pretty good right now 
my eyes are so bad right now...too much screen, I guess 
@electropoof  I NEED CREDIT! i'm so sad right now, i cant even...
It's really terrible right now I am scrambling to do anything BUT study. The usual timewasting partner in crime is absent too. 
i feel soooooooo sick right now....i think i have a fever 
My right leg is numb...and I gotta finish my homework.  I doan wanna
@laurabarndt I'm gonna say no as of right now, I'm planning on changing jobs and I'm not sure that they are going to let me off sorry 
Hey guys. How are you? I feel so sick right nw. LOL 
ipod love babaaaay! it's gunna die right now.  charger, where are you?
@JonathanRKnight u know its been a blast, &amp; i know &quot;all good things must come to an end,&quot; but can we just not think about that right now? 
@JonathanRKnight I`m so sad right now. I should go to work but I could after your last words.  I hope there is a chance to see you again
Thanks Birds for waking me up at 4am making a right racket 
workin and it blows!! not in right state of mind for this 
I just want to make things all right and chase  away all the bad shit 
smart me. didnt see where i was walkin &amp; walked into metal bench. awesome bump on my right leg now. 
@GetKnownRadio I'm so sorry  you're makin me sad..who are you stayin with right now?
But, I feel like my right ear has gone deaf since 3rd period. 'Tis a very uncomfortable feeling 
omg i have just ran about 3 miles i am so unfit right now 
@wind_dancer that's the best kind! I wish I can do that right now 
still ouch-ing to the huge bump on my right leg..... 
my right ear has stopped working. this is a real pro of a headache. urgh 
@CashFargo .. I'm hurtin' right now cause I need headphones too lol .. 
omg soo bored and cold right now 
@jaffab the chance is slim right now  i cant believe it happened and so unexpected 
I feel like crap. I was up almost all night throwing my guts up. I'm so sick right now, its not even funny. But, i'll still be at school. 
With the right link  http://bit.ly/OKQVw
Oh no!  just lost my water bottle! So thirsty right now! Being angry @ myself. %aGrrr...
notthebest weekend....but oh well....I have a right to be sad 
shit! drawer hit my left thumb 
this is my first day of flying solo without my wonderful business analyst  change is good, right? meh.
frisbee was meh. i had a little meltdown after  i'm rly ~emoshunal~ right now, ok? stupid pms...
@RocsiRabbit bring me that breakfast or else(those pancakes look so good right now) 
nobody knows how much torture i'm in right now.. my ears. 
@VerityRobinson ohh no! verity  i'm coming on chat right now!
Home not feeling so good right now 
@PTIShow watching the end of right now 
I've bruised both collarbones and my right shoulder from carrying that cool-bag full of food around all day 
@loic your tweet there shows that scoble is on the right path and @karaswisher isn't.....no fbook connect or disqus or googleconnect.. 
No lie, thru the bs and knowing i'm in the right, I still wish Stavon was here. 
going home. dont have the right song on my ipod. 
Just said my final goodbye to my bass player of 2 years  I'm super bummed right now....
things aren't to great with dad right now 
@gannet_guts I know how depressing it can be  I know the right job is out there for you though, wishing so much luck to you too.
my boyfriend isnt being very appropriate right now 
looks like a tard wearing 7&quot; heels with a sock on one foot and not the other. stupid people trying them on stretched the right shoe 
am i the only one feeling fat right now  smh in disappointment ...
@atomicageethan i'm like elephant, always forgetting things. wait.. i say that right? miss the pwnge w/ you 
the right click on my mouse is borked 
@ryoi but now i want to grow it out a bit more and it's at that interim length and looks very dorky right now 
This is sad...a new theme but it uses white font so right now, ss, I can't see what I'm typing 
@jennycowan I'm so hungry right now. I even smoked a cig so I would lose my appetite but that was an hour ago 
i want a volcano taco soooo bad right now 
oh @foxymegan , any suggestions how can i get a rockin' body like yours ? cause i feel shapeless and fat right now 
oh @foxymegan @RealJessicaAlba , any suggestions how can i get a rockin' body like yours ? cause i feel shapeless and fat right now 
Just made a right mess trying to eat an orange on my lunch 
i think i sprained my right knee 
uhm really way too tired right now. ugh its only wednesday.... 
omg think there's something broken in my right elbow... It very hurts  
@louisedeesy I was like maybe he'll reply cos I have the right answer. He didnt  Ah well, I'll continue to spam them till I get a reply!
@angela4148 No, they lost 4 - 2  It was a good game though, right up until the end!
@alistairstead oooooo no its stuck its pointy thing in there right into the creamy layer 
My video views suck worse than usual right now. 
My nose is still really sore, feels like I have a need jaggin inside my right nostril 
This is my 200th tweet. I am working right now. I have that feeling in my stomach like something bad is going to happen.  I hate that.
@jimithing_41 don't comment..i'm in trouble with my man...better go delete right now! 
@alliwonder damn, that's sad  oreo's sound really good right now....
 I woke up with ANOTHER horrible migrainein my right eye it hurt so bad I felt nauseus(sp?)
this feeling like I'm gonna puke is called 'sadness' right? I didn't know how bad I'd miss my school.   http://twitpic.com/6jdj6
dont forget by @ddlovato is the best song right now  
@topherellis @shadowbear86 i wish you guys were on live right now. i'm so lonely! this whole sleeping early and going to work sucks!!!  
argh... It's like there's something ringing in my right ear  It can't stop!
have i always been so.. predictable  .. sigh* . il tlk about it later.. too tired right now
it's cool but I can't see the text to the right... 
working 1-9:30 tonight. oh man, i definitely did not get enough sleep for such a long shift. good money though, right? 
@dizzygirl it's cool but I can't see the text to the right...  (your background)
i just hurt my foot really bad right now, i think a nail went in and out of it  ouchhh!
@graccipelaez @nickbeaulieu I hope so too but it's not looking good right now. Why oh why did I format my cards? Could've saved some. 
oh my goddd, someone just got shot right outside my house 
friggin' *miserable* right now. 
@bimbler did you give the right address cos the aliens aren't here yet 
Still not the same  my parents read my diary :'( so upset right now.
My little boy is sad right now 
how can the weather change sooooooo  much. wish i was somewere nice and hot right now 
I did the right thing... 
@RichardSession  I can't help it. I love sweets. As of right now it's safe.
@MakeupD0ll i cant get it right on my right eye and it makes me sad  lol
@newmanzoo A small price to pay.  I know u aren't enabling. That's why I sent it to you. U r doing it all right!! @PartnerinSANITY
@jayjayallpro is on my mind o0ose3 heavy missin him like crazyyy o0de3 sad right now!!! 
my parents are being really stupid right now. and they're pissed off at each other for no reason. and i didn't get my L&amp;L  they're dumb.
pimple on my right eyelid...it hurts 
@HautTotes i know  sugar is so addictive.. right now i want salt though lol what did you see?
i hope i'm doing the right thing here.. 
paul went to bed and i was being a complete bitch to him. i feel so bad right now 
Exams  I'm extremely nervous right now 
wish I would be @ rock am ring right now... 
@Wrestlevania if only it would work on my PC  I keep getting this mysterious steam error message: &quot;This game is not available right now&quot;
@GJKazz you have every right to be hurt and angry! I think you should say something to her and let her know how unprofessional that was! 
I feel like I am at a crossroads. Which path do I take? Is there a right one? 
@anthonybliss it was a right twat!! 
alcohol would be really nice right now...... im not in the best of best moods 
struggling with biochemistry... hopeless so far... don't feel too good right now 
@Rkenney6 boo  at least you didn't put your computer in there right? hope they get it to you soon! ooo maybe you'll get captain hook!
hair cuttery.. hmmm.. something interesting 2 my right ;P ugh i cant make decisions  lol y pay $4 for a blowdry?
I' soo sentimental right now, tears are running down my cheek when I'm listening to beautiful music  hihi
I'm in need of some bojangles so bad right now but I'm still 2.5 hours away from the first exit that has one 
Wish my sunglasses werent broken right about now 
Is at home. All good things most come to an end right? 
had my ears stitched back yesterday,they are killig right now 
Between no shower after practice, sneeze face, bloody knuckle and kleenex pants, i'm the grossest person alive right now 
@bursaar You know that's contagious right? No kissing for you 
i really feel like going shopping like right now...but it is like almost 11pm...i dont think that anyone is goning to be open 
Rhys millen is out.  top 8 going strong right now!!
oh okay i was 2 numbers off and those two numbers were only 1 number higher or lower from the right one 
@JenniH68 maybe not the right sort of tips that can help 
@OGmuscles ugh I wouldn't have been able to make it anyway. I'm only halfway through the graduation I'm at right now 
@Otavolimed I can't get on right now? I'm going baby sit  what is it?
I feel pretty ass-tastic right now. Having some hot tea and crashing out. Only 12 nurses tomorrow so I can't call in 
my right side was devoured my mosquitos today. this is no comfy 
Everything gets worse; before it gets better, right? 
@catsrthebest  she was looking right back at him and just backed right into him hitting his right side 
I haven't been to cold stone creamery in a long time  my favorite is cookie dough, I want some right now now now now now
my brotherrrr is walking around the house looking lost  he supposed with her right now. damn girl
i know the right thing to do, and i refuse to do it. 
so i went to target and bought me some good stuff... and my hair feels amazingly smooth right now... i almost forgot what that feels like 
Wish I was @ the roots picnic right now ugh I bet that bytch is humping 
eff it. i never say the right thing 
Cleaning out the bunnies cage. Not sure keeping her is the right thing she is great but too much with three dogs. 
@Bznczrule awww that's right we never got to do that today  you have to send me a picture of the ones you made and we'll have to hang out
@PRiNCESSAVANTi I think I got about the same amount, I feel dead right now! 
@COACHPARSELLS u somebody elses twubby n not mine  lmao seriously tho, my bed is pretty damn cold right now...
Feeking really hot right now. The freakin ac isn't working 
Feeling really hot right now. The freakin ac isn't working 
im soooo tired.  i wish i was in my bed right now.
going to lose my right 4th toenail..i can feel it. 
@varicool  Sadly I think your right *boo hoo* 
@EileenMCastroMA I'm sorry I missed your tweet -- my phone died  I was standing on the right side of the gate -- in front
@iphone_crazy It's such a sad play  I don't think I couldve done it in class, I wouldve looked like a right emotional wreck...
is resting at home..i didnt go to church because of my sprain at my right foot.  http://plurk.com/p/z1ef9
is anyone on right now D: i feel so lonely!!  @combustiblesong  -poke-  &gt;.&gt;
@PlasticSpastic_ i no right its horrible, i was going to tell you something but i can't remember at all :-S  :'(
I'm feeling kinda bad right now.  Pretty overwhelmed.  I only slept 2 hours and I think I'm having a panic attack 
life is soooooo suckey right now  grrrrrrr im hungry 
omg, serious toothache going on right now 
fml. i should be right infront of twin atlantic right nowww 
@skinnymarie I wear one right now, every teeth has a different color. I want to be braceless though 
OWWW! I was just stretching and I think I pulled an effing muscle in the right side of my neck! OUCHHHHH! 
bruise on my right hand wont dissapear 
A little pissed I can't feel my left thumb anymore ...not cool 
@ChitraChaudhuri can't go too far from bangalore right now, and certainly cant' take leaves. But i so want to travel 
@inkatlinspahnts theres an hourly limit  i got put in right when @justlikeanovel got out
I can't let this happen again. no no no no. everyone's right, aren't they? 
@heymassey well, i turned my alarm off at 8 and next thing you know, i woke up at 12 :/ but i'm sick right now 
Man, it's really difficult to knit without the use of my right thumb. Definitely not going to have those socks done by tomorrow 
I'm getting a little annoyed with the lack of cute crops and shorts available right now... 
@avrobro: no  it hurts so bad right now....please wait for me to get better!
@JennaSchubart that's the bad part of having a famous friend, you apparently have no right to privacy, wich sucks 
@owenblacker pattern of right parties 1 &amp; 2. 
Wish I had an open bkyrd &amp; a bif hammock to lay up in right now 
@EternalCow *hugs* I'm so sorry...it's so hard to let them go even when it is the right time. 
@MadisonMitchell hey... I thought I was the cantankerous one...not feeling the live right now. 
@zoevivi i figured it out, it's the button under home on the right. It stilll doesnt tell you if thir is a new one though. 
when ur child has the right to be upset..what the heck do u do  i hate to him unhappy
Doing the ballot thing at the party. In the technical awards, I'm sucking...4 out of 8 right  ah well, we'll wait for the rest of the show
So im getting my hair down right now it hurts like hell I want to cry so bad right now ugh I hate the braiding process 
I need a hug really bad right now 
@STxWilli &quot;saw&quot; wasn't the right word for it.  It was such a debacle.  Couldn't even get a beer.  
i hope i am doing the right thing *crosses fingers* 
@evilauthoress unfortunately it's not the right season for random nudity   
nobody is on zwinky right now that i want to talk to 
@himynameisemmy ommmg i know  theres like nobody up right now!
My right eye feels like it's swelling. That's just swell. ;) hahahahaha 
I'm super depressed right now... my life sucks 
i just got yelled at, for missing him. i really need to find the right guy 
@ElizaPatricia trying to get off nights too, it isn't working   brokeback mountain is obviously more important than sleeping right now.
@carapuchi matches my right shoulder and back...hurts soo bad 
@vesula Aww  last leg though, right? What happens if he has to go on tour anytime, would you go with him?
my inkd's right(or left) plug is not working!! need to get back to the low rider...but i like this pink earphone 
On my way to the hospital this morning to have my right leg checked......thinking it might be broken 
arrrrraagggh........ the anger im feeling right now!!!!!!!  
first exam is done. It was bad. I didn't learn the right stuff 
ooh way, early rise to getting sick...   feeling really really crappy right now!
@MrPowerz  that sucks, sorry to hear that. It's better than being laid off though... right? /hug
my right foot hurts so much...i'm limping 
trying to type and work with a very sore right shoulder 
i think my right eye is getting smaller. 
At the dentist. TWO shots of novacaine to the right side of my mouth.  This sucks.
...i'm not supposed to question anything that HE has planned.  because i have no right and don't deserve it.
@casscalogeraxxx you poor thing...   I will trade you though, had a bike accident yesterday, can barely move my right arm.
@JeminiATX I dnt have my cell right now, what does he want, i'm having some personal issues with that right now 
@_Alicee lol i know what you mean. its right above my house! my whole how was shaking because of it  hows you? x
and so is my step dad  so i cant ask if baelee can come over until 6pm.its 2:24 right now so awhile until now
@bluebutterfly_ You're not kidding! I need a nap so bad right now. 
@jksbelle Neither...I wish I knew...music is only coming out of the right speaker. 
@spacks DAVE. i'm working on excel and I have the kitty as my office assistant in the lower right corner. best.thing.ever. i miss meeko 
ps. i am sd right now i cant say why. but i am 
cant get this right 
can't move her right hand any more  shit, might have to go see a doc or the E&amp;A
I just killed a ladybug that was hanging out on my right shoulder 
so sad right now  some really great photos ruined by my mother. can't believe she ruined my entire roll of film and then just went oh well
needs to be @ da mall like right now... I'm bored!!!! 
@nicksantino  my last tweet to you  hope your not mad at me! I feel terrible right now! 
@princessrexall yeah i muchly prefer mine vertical than when they were horizontal....i just wish the left nip wasnt in 2 halves now 
@hosmomma Hogs aren't looking so hot right now. 
I hope nothing super exciting happens to the right of my head today, it hurts to turn that direction 
i have it all in my ehad i really do but then ... i cant say any of it i just cant find the right words to say 
i no right hahahahaaa i seen joe!! lmaoo and i seen all ur text msg'z u sent him lmao but they all left just now 
So full its disgusting I feel awful right now 
@bisante awww why?  i kinda feel like that right now...
I'm kinda heart brOken right nOw. we've said goodbye sO many times cOuld this actually be the final one? 
hating on gymnastics lesson planning right now 
My right hand is having a reaction to something. It's all swollen 
@nfgrilo maybe your right broken on my home machine now too 
@timeandtempest Y'know fibromyalgia's real, right? I have the precusor to it. 
Having significant trouble clicking on the right buttons today for some reason 
@mama_b_10 sucks to be human right now. 
So, after taking a chunk out of my left index finger a few weeks back, I have now managed to slice my right pinky on my PC case. 
@tapanga_lee It is!!!! I bet there are several people who aren't too happy right now 
neck's messed up again. this time my right side hurts. going to be much worse since that's my dominate side  trapped in bed /sigh
I dont even think i can hack twitter/net right now i am still falling asleep and am weak to the bones. 
at work... waiting for instructions... my right eye is kinda red because of my contacts... 
is a tad stressed right now....  its not good!
4?! Oh gawd. The left side is ok. The right is killing me 
@janit of skin doctor  well you know that there's something wrong with my right arm
i miss him so freakin bad right now.i hate this feelin.u knoe the one u get when u want something u cant have.its the worst 
@moneekahh i've created this crappy situation for myself that will end up hurting someone and myself. i feel so crappy right now. 
@donnyosmond oh problems! Unfortunately, I'm not one of those trying to get on right now... 
I'm so ready to go home and crawl in the bed... not feeling too awesome right now! 
@thisislaiweng !!!  did you send it to the right number?
I don't think that I did a right thing  feel terrible but I want youuu
there's something wrong w/my right eye ... 
@e_noir It's hard to know how the two can be reconciled  Of course I support both sides' right to protest but the violence is disturbing.
i love taco bell! but i'm not eating any right now 
I feel so damn sick right now and I still have to work tonight. 
wants to know why some sockets have live on left &amp; some out them on right. 
owwww my right side of my body hurts 
it doesnt give you a right to just forget about me, i'm not going to apologise anymore for something you did to me anymore 
@galoera sorry to hear that.  keep your chin up, lots of new opportunities going around right now.
http://twitpic.com/7ky3w - the other car is on the right side this ones on the left. ouch!  sucks
@greatbrittania @AnarchyGarden same for me when my card # got stolen, my back credited back the $ right away. Sucks that happened to you 
going over the same words over and over, but they are still a blur  can't believe I am dealing with this right now...
I feel like a rotisserie chicken right now, I am sooooo hot  hoping for thunderstorms soon! #yeg
There is some guy outside singing right now. He isn't very good. 
@sarandipity You got a trucker tan! a curse I cannot get away from since I have to wear the uni.. my left is always darker than my right 
@princessherb I wouldn't doubt it lol. That is why one of us needs to go visit the other.  right now.
Feels hella bad right now 
Wow twitterena is acting all kinds of stupid right now  I should be in bed anyway.
i burnt my right index finger and  now i cant write more of my book tonight 
dammit! gardening accident has left one of my right hand fingers temporarily out of action...no guitar playing today 
im so pissed right now.. wtf?? 
@Leeona_P words do not describe the emence feeling of empitness that has filled up my right big toe 
@vikaskumar patha nahin... feeling low.... not in the right spirits  
I just put my head on the pillow &amp; the construction workers started drilling again outside right next to my freakin bed! It is in stereo! 
watching the second season of digimon while wondering why my right pinky hurts that much  it's getting all red/purple
@MadamSalami that picture is scary! @TheCrystalLady seed beads are a right nightmare  groups of them never look right i find
hot towel on my right cheek.. hopes to get well tomorrow.. 
This is sad. I want a doughnut sooo bad right now ahh 
Wtf next?  actually, dont answer that. I cant deal with any more upset right now.
@ghidotti I did the same thing.  I'm so sad right now.  
@TammyPowwow hey, stuster!!!!! lol!!!! You know I'm mad, right! Really wanted to see you! I was planning out that whole weekend! 
Like so many right now, awaiting the iphone 3.0 update....10am has come and gone and nothing 
im like a kid right now wanting to go outside but i cant at home with a cold 
@soffanias iPod touch right?  I'm looking at the same expense 
@LesleyChang ah too bad sorry to hear  the right fit will come along.
i'm sick as a dog :| is that the right saying to use when u have just barffed yir load and feel like shit ? :| 
No really remy im the only one who thinks im funny right now 
im so tired of cleaning and washing  but got to be clean right? ;)
Just got up from the most uncomfortable nap ever- I'm really sick right now.  
@KattinColorado aww thanx so much. im so sick right now I feel like I could die. headache+tummyache=no fun 
- I hate being offered an opportunity you know you can't take... The right decision isn't always the fun one 
The comm's slow right now. Makes me feel sad 
cleaning  so not fun. but it kinda really really needs to be done. a lot. like, right now.
not feeling to good right now.. i don't know why.. just a little stomach ache. 
the left side of my body got absolutely torched. the right side- not so much. sweeet 
@ispybag wow yeah your right about that! 
Then she pooped two little poops out side buy close to the door. And she didn't pee  I'm going to try again though right now.
@loho77  i wish i were one of the roomies    you, champagne, and two buck chuck sounds good right about now... call you soon-  &lt;3 you
@malcolmaaron yeah i don't chew on my right side because it hurts so bad. me too im so scared to get it done. 
my internet isnt being very cool right now. 
@ialexanderwho omg...  I just got sad right now with your dad talk!
LALALALAALA, i wanna sneakout, but no ones up for it!  partypoopers.! i'm so weird right now.
I'm scared right now.  I hear people fidhting in my alley. 
I miss you more than ever... and the signs are clear right underneath your nose... but you won't look down... 
@BoozyMcMarathon no joke, running is pretty nasty right now 
in pain - feels like pacquiao gave me a right hook.... 
Tired.  Why can I never get the right amount of sleep?
so pisseed of right know... really need someone to cheer me up... whole school sucks and seems like, it won't end... 
@espiritoart hehe. i want winter back  wouldnt be so bad if i had the right body to go wandering round in barely more than a bikini.
@Antoinettamarie i didnt  went right to sleep, idk my body crashed. i got a gift for you btw
My right ear is throbbing. 
@kerou 730 oh i hope it so ;) but first i must find the right boy  that's heavy...
@twfeed the new site is extremely slow right now. any problems? i use myvidoop and logged in fine but very slow. can't use like this 
Is not in the right frame of mind at all....why? 
My right knee is acting up again; I'm running very behind in getting ready for work this morning. 
i've missed twitter sooo much  haha sad right? i need food
Stomach pain, so not the right time  !!
@stacycookie oh no!   I haven't sorry.  I'll be a right billy-no-mates! haha x
Not happy that my right arm will soon be covered with scars. 
ashley&amp;kimberly are AMAZING dancers  im sooo freeking jealous right now
@it_is_amy milky bar yoghurts ARE totally awesome, right? but ive run out. 
im the bed right now  im feel so much sick u.u
not being able to sleep on my right side sucks 
@Gilly_D87 I got all the right letters, just in the wrong order. 
gutted i cant manage little italy's tonight  but i fear i would see it again if i went...feeling like shite right now.
http://twitpic.com/7qeys - bah. 162 images later and nowhere near enough right textures 
@raulmontana I don't know how you guys do it. I definitely have an underdeveloped right lobe 
Just feeling very, very sad right now for no obvious reason 
Oh noes! I can feel my cavaty every time i eat on the left side of my mouth. It hurts like a bitch. 
@klepone at least you're not working on a good day lol yeah my room looks like a jungle right now :\ attempting to clean but im so tired 
@iamrobyn I dunno  but a cupcake sounds really good right now.
i wish i wasn't awake! It's freezing! and i'm tired  my warm bed sounds really good right now
feeling like the scum of the earth right about now 
@tommcfly awwwwwn tom... you're killing me like that, right? it not fair. 
@tommcfly awwwwwn tom... you're killing me like that, right? its not fair. 
fuzzy bear means.. my teddy bear.. my comfort.. he rocks and makes me feel the right way...             awww..i miss him!!!
im feeling down... well tweet with me or mssg ill be on later..if i dnt do anything stupid right now 
Trying so hard to not kill somebody...!!  I'm so really stupid right now...!! 
@jen_k_ I'm about where you're at right now.  
My brain hurts so bad right now. The universe is so weird. 
I want another tattoo. Really bad right now. 
@HLrobertson yeah i really tried to make it work but i just don't think i can, i would need just the right slip &amp; no time to find one 
@hearted unfortunately yes at the right sidebar under &quot;trending topics.&quot; 
Aww al my boo's are out together in the D right now   without me...
when you know letting go is the right thing to do.... why is it so hard :/ why does is hurt so bad 
@aylaalves yeah that's right! haha. i just woke up super early by accident 
feels terrible  ... i dont think anything i can do will make this right.
@michellepigmans can't be very early at your party though  I have my tennislesson at half past 9 until half past 10, coming right after!
My right eye is blurry 
Newly discovered bruise on my right lovehandle. Where do they keep coming from?!? 
@chrisflew I really want a large gin and tonic right now 
@taylorphinney cyclingnews.com is a right mess now. Hardly look at it now 
thats wat im feelin like right now. sucks 
had a right good last day (Y), never got too see frazer and arron though sorry 
am i hearing this right? it isn't his fault? aww that means i have to return my pitchfork  but srysly still can't believe theyre there
@morrissey2637  Ah right!!! i dont even know whats going on there!! i sooo need to read the news 
halleluja halleluja halleluuujaa...such a great song, but sad. right now i am beeing extremly jealous 
My eyes are so dry right now 
a big ol' belly ache to start the day off right. 
@rudedoodle  - keep going girly! make sure ur shoes r tied right &amp; that you're landin nice &amp; solid, not too much on ur toes (my huby says)
im really sick right now ! i have and awful cold  
@lindseydry np. I think I did a double order.  I'll figure it out. Trying to do the right thing.
@tishgrier No, alas, too poor right now. 
@varin Awww!   I'm so sorry you're going to have to give yourself shots   At least you won't be in the hospital though, right?
I hurt my right hip yesterday  but it got better! and then i wake up this morning and my right knee feels like it is filled with lava! :'(
Just took Pengy's quiz. It wasn't quite fair in my opinion, only got 9 out of 19 right! 
thinks there's a sty in my right eye. I can't find exactly what's bothering it, but it's annoying. 
I got wax on my right boob 
The sky is gorgeous right now, this is the definition of beauty. Can only think  one thing that compares.(her) 
the person next to me on the couch right now is the one i never want to leave. but there's nothing i can do to make him stay. 
@BITT59 for more than two weeks now  things gone bad and he needed to leave to grandma. i think i've made the right decision.
@jwilphotos whataburger totally didn't hit the spot so i threw it away  i think maybe i just needed water lol. it's super good right now!
still watching breaking bad... but i feel SO antsy!  idk what's wrong w/ me. every1 i want to talk to is just so... unavailable right now
Its so nice outside right now but no stars 
@MrJEdwards for real u really can't u stay sick  I'm up to no good right now lol
@ElleySPN hey everybody is hiding and twitter is not being very fun right now 
I kind of wish I had my 360 right now. I think I'm too tired to play anything at this time though. 
Ugh....early alarm call,work for 8.15 - could sleep standing up right now, need coffee,but remember I'm not allowed caffeine so no point 
has got a right stinking cold. brilliant 
my right knee and my left eye hurts 
Still really struggling with my right wrist  can't even grip the softest and lightest of things. Not good 
i can`t move my right leg properly 
@KittyKat_1988 Aw please, bloody agony  woke up and the right side of my face is swollen slightly not good 
My dogs are so sad right now. I think they know I'm moving out. 
http://twitpic.com/7wjhs - Theres a carpet under all this, i got the job of finding it.  bet you its right at the back!
@Hooded Ahh thats just it online and yet offline, silly buggers who need a real life lol. 2 wisdoms on the right side are coming through 
I have a serious sugar hang over and I keep leaning to the right and almost fall off my bed! bloody jellybeans! 
rash has gotten worse &amp; begun to itch  why is my life so terrible right now?
I am so thirsty right now, but lazy to go downstairs to get a drink 
I can't see out my right eye properly now  ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch x
showering then hell ...that's right...the roadhouse 
man i really wish i had a workin right knee/shin right about now 
But then her mom said I no to me coming and I wasn't able to come. But I understand. But still I am very very sad right now!     :'(
sitting at my sister's right now with the flu 
ughh, I hate violin right now...why cant I do it?   
its raining so hard right now that its actually a little scary 
@HeroicBen I know  I don't know why it was doing that so I've had to change it to buttons on the right side. I didn't wanna use the...
@rem_ix ahhhh that sounds good right now I still haven't eaten 
dhfkjdh. i wish i was in dallas so bad right now  idgjsafg
I go outside to to throw something away and theres a scorpian right there!!!! No bueno 
@kateboardman hot chocolate sounds great right now - too drained to cope tonight tho  will spread the cathederal message, was  great 
Wishing I was at Phish right now  #fb
Aww my baby brothers sad.  feel so bad right now. I wish I cud make him happy
loves @sarcasticpickle &amp; @emilyhoohaha and i wish i could hug them both right now 
as soon as i had learned about the follow friday thingy, i could no more find it in that right side part   so now what do i do?
fuck i REALLY wanna play WoW right now 
i wish i could see out of my right eye 
it is back on right when i pressed enter....ok. maybe i should update less 
twitter is dead right now  wtf where is ppl at
@mp3stevo I hate you all right now 
@Jonasbrothers i wish i was in dallas so bad right now. @mileycyrus 
ugh boared we lost play offs and were out  huuuu i really wanted to win..... jamming out 2 music right now
@smileyer red carpet starts at 7am? r u serious lol that's soooo early  i hope i can go tmr but chances r low right now 
Just saw a water bug so freggin scared right now and all he can do is laugh at me..meany...help 
@RaraACTIVE omg, yes.. your right. 
im literally crushed right now 
The sky looks so scary right now. 
hmm... i don't know why... but i don't feel good right now... 
my right wrist hurts so bad... perhaps i put too much force while removing old floor tiles.  http://plurk.com/p/12lar9
did pretty well w/ both races today, but i bruised the shit out of my right leg getting in the boat multiple times. 
Ahhh I feel soo sick right now for no reason 
Has basically been told that she is selfish by someone she loves  and is really sad right now
ohhh man... i feel aweful right now.. 
hehe....still in alabang...weird this guy in front of me has the same laptop and headphones i'm using right now.....freaky! 
@ThatAprilGirl by if her right kidney is no longer functioning, they just might remove it. 
@futuredirected precisely, so its pretty clear why certain right wing (and left for that matter) attack certain aspects of democracy 
vietnam is lame as of right now 
mams in a right mood, dads feeling depressed and im caught exactly in the middle of them both 
@lalaloooo haha no right outside classrooms when i was walking down to subway my leg is ok just my head is sore 
@VickyJones1984 hope that things work out all right 
I hate twitter right now.....well mostly Mikes tweets..... 
My right arm seems to be starting to migrate  This is your fauly @shaunaSKITTLES &gt;
My right arm seems to be starting to migrate  This is your fault @shaunaSKITTLES &gt;
@nessahilll I miss you 2 boohu!  but yeah, I might show up if I'm in the right mood at that moment. let's keep in touch.
wish i was at the mmva's right nowww 
cant stop thinkin  wants to go back and make everythin right 
I really would love some chocolate right now...can't be bothered to go to the shops 
What a gewd afternoooon it waaaaz (R) I had a great time except getting my right foot injured while playing tennis  it's hurting,a lot.
So, i'm extremely sick right now.  103.7 degree temp, I can barely move.  someone make me feel better!
@mcclorypatrick @mcclorybrin I wanna call u guys so bad right now but can't 
I feel like I have a collapsed lung... Also convinced I'll walk into college tomorrow to find it empty and will look a right prat 
@mysteriouspgh hi. you will be seeing me a lot more soon. goin thru some ish right now. 
A strawberry smoothie sounds soo good right now! Too bad i hv nothing to make them and no money 
arrrrrr i just bit right through my tongue!!!!!    
@ amyleegonzalez i hope ur right.. do u think im too young to be with someone.? right now im single b/c i suck at relationships 
@decadentluxe being stuck in the book store sounds soo good right now. better than at my desk  what are you reading?
how am i really cold right now?? sicky sniffles 
@KaiBass SOOOOOOOOORY BAAAAAAABE  I was drinking and looking at old pictures... pathetic, right?? You can join me noow and drink with meee
Things are really bad right now. I'm not sure what I'm gonna do.  I'm sooo stressed out.  
@Carlotaxx ;) we all do that when drinking hahaha. But...doesn't give him the right to treat you this way now!  *hug*
@buddalunch You know what's sad I can't think of something to say to full fill your request  That can't be good right hahaha
sinus pressure all over the right side of my faycee. this isnt supposed to happen its suMmMerrr 
ur right, but u forgot about me?!  got wifed up and turned brand new!! i can dig it! id probably do the same lol@youngives
ur right, but u forgot about me?!  got wifed up and turned brand new!! i can dig it! id probably do the same lol @youngives
@ingridz3 yes I do!   They are 3hrs away from where I'm at right now 
I just had my computer die on my right in the middle of me playing the sims 
@onlylita too bad i haven't found the right words or the right time to tell him.  
It's pretty sad that I'm only 23 years old and I already have hearing loss in my right ear 
@caffeinebomb unfortunately I have to get the thesis bound in the brum one to get the right cover - and have to use next day process too 
wish i were floating in the adriatic right now...miss my pops... 
Why am i sitting in a sea of cars on the 163 right now!? 
my workload just increased ten fold. like right now, as in this second!! 
... I cant breath out my left nostril &amp;my right one keep leakin like I'm in kindergarden... I'm miserable 
Wishing I was out biking right now... but sitting in front of a computer is just as good, right? 
the heel broke off my cole haan shoe today on the walk to lunch...not happy right now 
just had a hot flash   like right after somebody punches you in the face 
Wants to be on a waverunner so bad right now!  
Listening to @mitchelmusso 'hey'. I don't feel lik that right now. 
Laying on my floor crying. Not really sure what's going on right now 
@kerriehartnett the stickam isnt working right for me  im so hot and i cannot wait to leave this camp
bike ride was okay. winds blowing really bad right now..I had to come in 
@IsaGT make sure you camp on a hill, not at the bottom of one, its going to be a very rainy one apparently 
I know this is kind of weird, but like I think my right arm muscle is bigger than my left 
feel so down right now 
my head is burningggggg ! i'm feeling so bad right now. i guess i'll be sick agaaain ! -.- and that's not cool 
cant sleep my right eye irritated mad red too 
@dlnumber1fan really? oh my god... you let me really upset right now 
Watching sytycd right now. So far... Not so good  hmm
I should probably be asleep right now... and kinda wish I was 
So tired. I guess the meds must be kicking in right about now... 
I wish my right arm would stop going numb. 
@Smemm_ I just got up, and I'll have to go shower now, then write english essay, I won't be able to watch it all right now 
@mileyfashion No, she hasn't replied  I don't think she bothers when people don't send the right kind of sample. You still don't....(cont)
@iamjonathancook You're making me want m&amp;m's real bad right now. I think like every gas station within walking distance is closed too. 
@jacob378 don't worry  you'll find someone that wants you just as much as you want them.. I'm goin through the same right now :-/
the right shoulder is aching  a lot 
Looks like I'll have to wait for the right parts of the dresser for another week... 
If the C# code I'm looking at right now was instead written in assembly language, I probably wouldn't have noticed the difference 
I had a right shit nights sleep, still feel tired 
my laptop is not working so good right now... 
who was on my site??i'm so angry right now...that's not really nice 
@Emily0309 yeah   definitely not the right time   if it were I would take him in a heartbeat. He's white but from his collar up is brown
@salonikas ah.. now u're living upto expectations.. am sure theres a word for it but i cant reme right now  #fail
@Saradia yeah wooooooooooo! rock on! (took 2 codein earlier, totally sleeeeepy right now     )
I'm a bit nervous right now 
walking to work i realized my right foot is dramatically smaller than my left 
@kailaengland ok  twitters having follower/following/block issues meaning they alternate on and off; right now blocking is down
@angelicmischief @mikasounds ... andi .. your right .. the donkey looks less than golden and it looks sad 
Flaminhg verification plans are giving me a right old headache 
when you've ordered something don't you think its right that you should fucking get it 
@keenorga I doubt that this is the right thing to do  X4
needs a massage.. can't move my right arm too good 
the best way to succeed is to make all the right mistakes 
as of right now... 13 days til my birthday!  haha
@hortovanyi  The road's not the widest and smoothest, but there's some great clear views on the way up if you turn your head to the right 
@eckafatcat hello sexy - give me a right as soon as you can  love you xxxxx
if my professor isn't here in 5 minutes I can leave!  breakfas sounds good right now
@jennygirl7 No need to beg...I don't want to hear it either. But, I will reserve the right to play it for punishment! 
@es_baby i would if baby was out and the right size,lol- but i hope your sizing is good. 
@EdEntrepreneur yes. very inspiring indeed.   Left or Right eye? 
@amber_benson I think i'm about in the same spot as you are in right now. Hopefully you're right and thinks look bright in the horizon 
@TERRIEION you were late but the shoot came out hot right. Ballons, Ballons, Ballons. 
@TrishaVanHouten HAHA i'm that good right? @olisaurusdtf should thank me &amp; ask me for a dinner because I get one more fan 
@qtbrowneyes haha -yeah, right, baka me 
just have had a bath  (spelling right?) ...
 eatin' right now
@definatalie It will only sense a right click if your left finger is not touching the mouse (and you've enabled right clicks). 
@ladyzahl you're snoring very loud right now. Makes it hard for my tweets to be heard. 
@yellowburd that's right! The greater the blessing, the greater the attack. But we just need to know who we are. It is written who we are 
@falun There's plenty of cheese left for another party, for sure!  
@Sathyai i was totally wussy about everyone of my teeth coming out  I think, it just consumed me - your right boys are weird 
@katyperry hey! do u ever tweet back at fans? if so, u've got one right here 
She is not very symetrical right now ;) but she is really sweet, I cut in her twice and she didn't move...poor kitten 
@Romiezz romie unni...why must you be so harsh on the man, he did the right thing 
Typing this right now on twitter LOL 
@NPree too few right now to talk abt 
yeah, that's right! I wasn't lying - gorgeous 
@MissXu but they had fresh fruit there, right? 
@JayVonOnDeckTv thats wat i like to hear! lol everyone should get off twitter right now &amp; go have some mindblowing sex 
hahaha! i love having conversations through updates. lol i'm bored right now. playing counterstrike 
@sweetdreamer LOL.  All right.  You win.  When the doctors took a look at me they slapped my mother. 
I just went through my list of followers. If I somehow has forgotten to follow you back, pls @ me, and I'll do the right thing 
blocking is not the right solution leh, someone could still stalk you, unless you make yours private 
I feel like a right tourist snapping away, here's towerbridge!!!  http://twitpic.com/3phfa
@RobynMcMaster I guess sugar is not quite the right answer? 
@therealPRYSLEZZ Sounds like you are on the right track 
@sloane: im crazy jealous right now. 
Support your right to arm bears 
@DonnieWahlberg you always know the right things to say to cheer me up  love ya!! xx
@ddlovato jajajaja yes its right ! haha! have to love you for that! 
@GiraffeJo Ahhh right, I wondered why I felt rough the other day must have been my proximty to the red wine in my belly 
@DubsDeuce nice sno cone machine ms kossenko  looks good right now
@LADRACU hey I'm in the process of doing an ap econ final right now. I still have to write frqs 
@andyclemmensen hilary won't care though. she brought this onto herself.  you chose the right person!
@christian792 It's otay bud. You have the right to be jealous cuz you're not me 
going to hit the hay, eyelids are feeling pretty heavy right about now. G'nite tweeters 
i feel better , im so hppey right now and i ever dont have a reason O:: i like this  BUT its so bored alone at home -.- i need tipshantz&lt;3
@MaheshKukreja sWeet. thanks!! please lemme know if there are too many tweets. i'm trying to find the right balance. 
@Meteori maybe yu've right. but when get this then i'll do to nothing. ican't nothing to do. strange, or? 
@LadyBanana I knew I'd picked the right colour combo,the lighting at there house isent good, had 2  choose  orange 2 bring out my eyes 
my right ankle just snapped ) hope it won't have any bad effects on me tomorrow 
@shanzz yonder to the left or to the right? 
@lizzyjam  temp is currently 42* F, not to exceed 58 - perfect weather... If it doesn't rain. 40% chance, looks clear right now!
@miggiemoe   its all right about not being a gamer.  not everyone has the knack.  we still love you!!!
@treith - no regrets.  turns out i picked the right person.  i feel very lucky.  
'this time baby i'll be bulletttprooffff' love dat song, right off now bubi 
@Misslittleash same thing happened 2 me lol... its cus your gainin weight in all the right places 
@buckhollywood Yes, if you are right handed you strum with your right hand. 
Aggies '13 yeah that's right! 
I feel pretty nice right now.  cool, calm, and collected. hehe
@angel_35 i didnt either angel until i looked to the right and saw the reply arrow   so you better reply to me.....hows it going?
life is 5% what happens and 95% how you react.... feelin pretty nice right now!!! 
@1337sauce  that's right i win 
@yomissb  yes your right. I overlooked that small detail LOL 
They don't know that I like him cause I've never ask them bout him.oh well I guess your right. I feel abit better now 
@zeeble u dont even need to go to the options, the button is right there (on top right corner) 
@lasuerte ohh right; but it turned her curve into a right angle.... I just like her better curvey   thanks for letting me know though!
@basantam In other words, a perfect run, right? 
@farwyde quite all right. cock sounds better than clock coming from a female anyway 
All right, time for happy face. 
What does &quot;drink responsibly&quot; mean to you? Please share a tip (or two if you're drunk right now  )
@SassyPQ soo like when this shows up on your wall....go to the right side of the post and a reply will show up  TwEeT
@mexecution your right, it is a great plant  i love it
is at denny's right now with the group. prom was fun 
@dekrazee1 You are doing the right thing though.  A fridge is where vegetables go to die 
@balsamiq I'm sure you'd consider it if they offerred the right price 
you always seem to know exactly the right thing to say. thanks.  - http://ilikeucoz.com/m/1123 #youregreat
His snoring is so annoying n it keeps me from sleeping (like right now, lol) but I honestly wud miss it if it eva left  I love him.
The right to bare arms. hahaha 
there was a left, a right, a backwards - but now I found the right way...it always goes straight ahead! enjoying the sunday with movies 
@Saethwr Ah right, nice, I didn't know that 
says mind mapping is so much easier and fun with the right software and a touch screen.  http://plurk.com/p/szxva
omg...my boyfriend is too amazing. On cloud nine right now! 
@karlalu haha! That's funny. The internet's not famous right now... 
feelin pretty lucky right now 
@ThyNameIsBlair - If a pretty girl is cooking you dinner, then you're making the right choice to not do overtime 
@loretto1 i know! were like crazy smart to be doing this right now! 
@DonnieWahlberg it certainly is a gift and I feel it more and more evryday. Being connected feels amazing it can only get better right? 
@JDvB no. haha, he definitely does not cook. he says that i'm so good at it why even try? right.... the excuses 
@explosivityy http://hunsonisgroovy.com/ look at the right sidebar. 
@janilaiice sounds good right now 
@JesCoolbaugh Dots sound wonderful. And yes, it was a sunset sunset all right! 
@caseyspooner come on g look to the right! 
@ocell since I can't go get one right now, you'll have to tell me how it is (was?) 
@oseverson nothing can really help, just write about, ot talk about to get it out the right way 
@gettsr He's a cutie, all right. 
is sooooooo happy right now    *does the carlton dance*
@donieose Wow, thats cool.  I cut my fringe yesterday. Its all straight.. Wow interesting right??
@johncmayer that's right mayer!!!!  I gotz your back ;) !!!
@Leloz im used to u saying b*****  my anger is eavporating slowly but i wna hold it in!! weird right? but i dont care!!
I am a right dirty rotten bear 
@deadheadland Right on--right on  www.myspace.com/darkstarcrashes13
Watching russel brand on comedy central right now 
@OnlyMcash I honestly don't remember. It was mad random lol... it must've been a good one cuz I woke up on the right side of the bed 
@ikki_oo really cute - not sure if that counts as the right size shoe for her or not 
bottega louie...sounds sooo good right now. HAHHAHA 
@tweetcomedyclub oh and now you've got @stephenfry. That's the holy grail right there. 
I should probably be doing something productive right now, but I'm too lazy/relaxed to do it. 
tweet tweet  my right knees killing me, owwwwwch
@WeTheTRAVIS it's inpredictable right now. it's cloudy atm, but it'll probably rain, and be sunny. pack everything. see you there 
hmmm...coffee bean sure sounds good right noww!! 
@ddlovato And even if you'd changed, it was in the right way 
@Suksy hehe yeah of course! selective tweeting during breaks is allowed...like right now 
its confirmed, i was definitely NOT the right person, in the right place at the right time.... lucky me 
It's so cold right now, but im excited  I thought I wasn't gunna sleep on the bus but it's more likely,i wish i had sunglasses like K2
has an addiction to this song right now! http://bit.ly/14HEzk  beautiful 
coffee is so good right now 
@BluMystic i have a job where i can work from anywhere...like right know on my sofa in a hoodie LOL 
http://bit.ly/12TOOU  yayyyy  I'm very happy right now
@LAacupuncture I live in the top right hand corner and need to do more in all the other three 
@LyssaBrooke okay.that song was soo nice,right? 
@phischeye outdoor would not be that good that's right  I guess we'll stay in the studio
@starsnostars the button in the top right corner changes the font as I discovered this morning 
@supercoolkp just the right side of tipsy fankoo 
girlfriends always cool right? hha 
@kristenstewart9 http://twitpic.com/5o489 - Wow!  You'r right..that is beautiful  
@jimh Couldn't possibly comment on the design of their sit, but it should be on the right hand side toward the bottom. 
@monashoj oo i have just the right thing  cya in like 3 mins ago it 7:03 now haha
@Natazzz i know, it's ridiculous. i think wifi is a human right 
@BronwynL awesome, dude.    great for starting a day off right.  
@edibow have fun  dont be nervous your a right laugh
and this is number 6K - in right around 4 months. We now continue with your regularly scheduled programming... 
I feel skinny right now, wewo, cant wait for this providence and stero skyline and others 
@KarenAguilar Yes, they are everywhere. Swatting a few right now. 
going to sleep. who knew saying say goodnight could be so hard! &lt;33 i'm so habliss right now. 
@simplyDenisi nothing wrong with some R&amp;R right? 
@AaRouls Look on the brightside.  At least its not raining, hailing or snowing on your day off....right! 
@psychomule How true.   But positive thinking, and all that, right?
@m1ssnina thx mama  i agree. age is nothing as long as happy right?
@gumbuoy Ah, a wrestling reference. This would be why I didn't get it  And yes, twisting and shoving not strictly necessary right now.
@mattBAKERRR hahahaha. why do you love it so much again? oh right... i remember now. ha 
@adrienne_bailon dont you love when the radio just plays the right things? 
@likewhoaxox hahaz!! im uploading right now too! 
kicked that 10 pager right in the culo! 
is quitting smoking as of right now. I will need all of your help to make sure it sticks this time  http://plurk.com/p/wx3i5
@Devious_D I like tacos, lasagna and chicken. That's T.L.C., right? 
is feeling the heat and wonders why the wrong boys chase after her and the right are clueless... 
sometimes i rather enjoy the internet. like right now! 
things always work out for the best     right?
@evlover0327 shhh....don't tell anyone!!! *looks to the right, to the left* It's a secret 
@aileenburns mmm im more a chocolate fan and so now i feel bad...I'm having a strawberry one right now. 
@FelixVolturi txt: i knew you'd do the right thing. 
@punzai your right, I couldn't think of the exact quote 
@admford so... If I had troubles... I know who might be the right man to ask for advice! 
@julianfriedmann you just need a multiple personality disorder. Just make sure you have apply as the right personality 
@jupitusphillip  That made me laugh, you can be on an empty beach, but someone wants a picnic right next to you 
