Most common words for this cluster:
[('room', 1350), ('hotel', 85), ('living', 61), ('lol', 35), ('amp', 33), ('http', 28), ('emergency', 27), ('floor', 25), ('day', 25), ('com', 24), ('night', 24), ('time', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'room', 0.9483533501625061), (u'rooms', 0.7446892261505127), (u'upstairs', 0.6671282649040222), (u'downstairs', 0.6511915326118469), (u'jacuzzi_tub', 0.631935715675354), (u'hallway', 0.6115963459014893), (u'bathroom', 0.6089625358581543), (u'dining_room', 0.6041158437728882), (u'rooom', 0.5942865610122681), (u'cubby_hole', 0.5747671127319336)]





is alone downstairs...working 
my dog is in my room SNORING! 
does anyone else miss chatting in chat rooms? I do  but can't find  one i feel comfortable in suggestions please?
so tired   in my room chilling out. fun :|
waiting to go back to my cold, lonely student room !  booo.
So much for all the pics i wanted to post of my room and drum kit..its proven to be beyond impossible since my bedroom light blew 
@davidtelford reminds me of when i was working in the machine room for 4 days setting up servers. nearly went deaf 
@minteva i'm guessing that was to me, cause these chairs be a pain, but i have no spare powerpoints in my room 
I just want to move out of a hotel 
There are ants crawling around in my room. 
had fun at chars......now cleaning my room 
sick  can't wait to go back to my room and sleeeeep.
is going with her father to the emergency room. 
ive told her she either stops painting or i refuse to sleep in my room and she wont stop painting 
My sisters's dragging me to go upstairs already. So, good night. I wish I had a computer in my room. 
I'm starving but can't get out of my room cuz there's an unpleasant guest in the house 
 do you have any halls brand medicated throat lozanges?
so many insecurities and stress - just because im moving to a new room 
@xia_hime i'm going to aya! got a room onsite though so cant hotel share 
I hope we get room 1 back  #asot400
I am still going through all the stuff in my room, there is no place to put it! I have no shelves 
so we never went to softball. o well haha. hanging in my room and then dinner. idk if i am going out i still feel icky 
NIce hotel room, but the restaurant is being remodeled so no room service late lunch for me 
I hate the 360 degree view mirrors in changing rooms. Now having a bad hair and fat day 
@elevenution yeah me too, i was supposed to clean my room and never did that 
@TomVMorris I live for room service when someone else pays but this week out of my budget 
I am the only kittie fan in the room 
just got back from the emergency room. sad me 
@trialoffer ugh! i wish people would just respect my living space is all! they know this is my designated art room  how are you btw?
i feel really sick  being in the emergency room looking at 90 year olds shaking is painful and makes me sick to my stomach... 
secretly hoping someone will throw me a mini-rave in my room. in bed bored and feeling yucky 
@mominisrael all our household contents. including our new appliances and wedding present dining room table - all being sold! 
can't clean her room when she's not listening to britney. how depressing 
@christophermoy dammit. i wanted to party it up with @anamenudo in your guest room...  lol
@iLaurenStevens the new cable boxes or whatever thingys don't work in my room. 
has to sleep in a different room tonight. 
It's still early and I'm @ the room 
Just cleaning my room  BOORING 
What a lovely day!!! But sadly i'm in a room with no windows, studyin!! 
Just came out of the shower, now clean up my room  !! haha, xoxo
gotta clean up my room :O 
my room is clean its never clean i don't like it when its clean 
There is too much light in this room - it's hard to sleep 
being bored in my room 
A random black cat just came in and peed in my living room  not happy!!
my sister came in my room and started being really loud and obnoxious and woke me up earlier then planned. now im in a bad mood. ugh. 
@stephenpglenn @Dalevich thanks for the room service suggestions but unfortunately the hotel didn't offer that service!  #f1
it rained.drenched all the washed clothes i had put out 2 dry.wondering why I didn't keep it for drying in the room like i always did 
just got up &amp; now mom is makin me clean my room ugh 
@cindylake i don't have my camera with me. its in my hostel room 
The room won't stop spinning 
Sitting in the red room thinking...i left my ipod at home 
i'm cleaning my room up  
straightening my hair, and cleaning my room 
@Javamomma we're moving my bedroom in another room so we had to move beds,closet,bookshelf! I'm tired &amp; still have 2 study english! 
is tried from painting the loft room 
how come when everyone tidys up my room always ends up lookign like a bombs hit it 
I cleaned my room like crazy but u still sneeze all the timeee... ?
@Javamomma still work 2 do   cos we're gonna move the living room in my room and put the wall down and make an arc instead lol
is cleaning my room 
Cleaning my room 
about to go to bed.  having the room to myself is weird.  
i am in my bed room and can not go 2 sleep till at least 3 each nite 
why is my room the warmest room of all? it doesn't make sense  mine is the only one with the window wide open and 2 fans on full blast
Looking for a room to rent in swindon and wanting to cry 
i want to go tidy @AmazingPhil 's room and get love 
i have the balcony doors open and theese fucking bee's keep coming in my room 
reading and going to bed. it's hot in my room. nawesome. 
the fan in my window is just helping the co farts into my room...  
sooo misses her gryphons!! and dorm room 
So, in a new dorm room.. that means moving is over? No, no, no. We'll do it again in the end of the week..  ?!
roof is getting replaced and my whole room is covered in dirt and dust 
i need a screen door for my room!  its so hott!
Loading the car tetris style... ran out of room 
@GabrielleEmilyB I wish I was I'm stuck in a room with no windows  until 5!!
@mzskeen a hotel bored.... 
Cuddling wif my fav shirt in my room.     almost in tears.
Does anybody have air conditioning in their hotel room?? We're switching hotels... 
I hate washing clothes in the laundry room a freakn minutes like a hour... 
@Cherrim ...damn you're making me want to clean my room...and it really needs it too 
@CameronSperance i'm back in the room... 
My room is so empty! 
@brookieeden  I'm trying so hard but its 100 degrees in my room
I promise I will clean my room more often 
people keep turning the ducted heating on and it comes out SO loudly in my room, it's driving me crazy 
I must tidy my room  :S
ok done with the first room. off to the second... no computer in that room 
The jar of instant I bought yesterday unscrewed itself in my bag, and is now scattered across the room. Fucksocks 
Playing softball this morning. I locked my wallet and keys in my room though. 
@pinkelephantpun No, a hotel with no beds is weird 
Cleaning my room 
Going to relax this weekend. Or start packing up my room 
yet again I find myself in the emergency room. wtf 
@iWester I was just at a waiting room.... I didn't really have a choice 
hiding while the new roomie takes over my old room 
cleaning my room 
I have never witnessed a person die until tonight.  I couldn't stay in the room.
is chillin in my dorm room. Last full weekend here... 
And it didn't even have room service! I was so excited too  I hope that employee gets fired because of this
Laying on the floor in our hotel... I can't sleep! 
off to work!  rents stole my laptop   so i stole theres!  my room is so empty finished moving my stuff out! moving into new place tomoz!
cock fest in my room 
Of course, it ain't so fun when, after you've cleaned up your room, they tell you they aren't visiting anymore. 
mum is making me watch the logies with her, so we can verbally abuse the bogans on TV from our lounge room 
is tidying my room 
I have to clean my room  ... I don't want to (
its time like these i wish my tv wroked in my room 
feels that if I get out of bed, the room will start spinning  sigh~
curtains and window opened, music playing, and room cleaning. all by myself 
unpacking and cleaning the room 
I seem to have lost all motivation.  The living room still looks like a bombs hit it and I haven't even started on the dining room. 
cleaning out my room, packing a little...how sad 
@twitrclectic was gutted when i got to the top couldn't find that hotel u told me was there anywhere? 
going oit of the hotel  
going out of the hotel  
Cleaning my room...blah.  I am not a happy panda 
is packing up my dorm room for the last time ever....its soooo sad 
Bathhttiimmmeee!!!! then finish cleaning room  bleh!
is back at the hotel. wifi doesn't reach the room  http://plurk.com/p/rnauu
cleaning my room  laundry was starting to pile up
cleaning my room and praying for my friend 
packing up my room 
Packing up my room...soooo not looking forward to this 
I just finished cleaning my room, ha.. All my posters are gone now  But I kept my signed bmth and iktpq poster up 
Has to clean his room. 
@iwilseeuinh3ll i wouldn't mind an ant... I saw a spider bigger than my cat in the laundry room just now... 
@heybonnie... i want a new room  luckyyy
@sean that is flippin' sweet!! thanks for the entertainment, still here in the dining room where ive been since 1:00pm, its now 5:55am 
should finish cleaning my room 
I have to tidy my room because faith's coming.. 
Yuckkkkkk found a nasty spider in my room which is forcing me to sleep on the couch 
There was a spider in my room this morning. I never found it again. I kind of don't want to step on the floor now 
@Darnelldms soo I'm in the emergency room 
packing up my room. so weird 
omg and my room/bathroom at home is sooo gross. i need to clean it.  @ dust ruining my life
@__mares__ me toooo  glad these pjs have lots of room lol
I want my room back. 
Cleaning my room 
just checked into the @rogersmithhotel --  checkin @ 3:00 but hopefully they can get my room early. I need some sleep. 
whew, kitchen: done. carpets: vacuumed. dining room:  lounge, all that's remaining is to take the computer apart and pack it in the car 
It's a gorgeous sunday - and I'm sitting in a conference room, alone, with no windows.  
i keep finding bugs in my room 
sarah used up all the room in the suitcase 
cleaning my room 
I'm laying on a matress, in my room, eating pasta. Should start revising, tomorrow? hmmm.... I'm going to fail 
I meant my mom don't clean my room....   
about to go clean my room 
Hiccups. Just what I need before retiring to my reading room 
where are all the ants in my room coming from 
Slowly packing away my room 
My hotel room is gigantic, but the waterslide is closed 
Is going to sleep in room 313 for the last time! Why is this making me so very very sad? 
sitting in a hospital room with grandpa 
@eajosh come back to the stage room  look in the corner
It's too quiet in my room to sleep... I can't sleep in silence. I need to get a baby monitor. I hate b being so far away from me! 
Its freezing in this room 
at home. the roommate forgot to leave the door key for me so i have to wait in the living room 
In doctor's waiting room: walls are covered with illustrated posters on various serious illnesses. Not making me feel better at all 
the mornin in a file room i wonder what fun could be had with a mound of paper and a photocopier? shudnt the juniors be doing this. 
has a skullsplitting headache and was given an awful, noisy hotel room 
Presentation was the worst I have ever done, room was full of arses and I was ripped to shreds 
There's a mosquito in my room! It's really dark so I can't see it but it's bitten me everywhere! 
I am hoping the tenants move out soon, so I can have my stuff out of storage and sleep in my own bed, in my own room  
baby sitting... ahhh my room is so hottttttttt! 
my room is hot. 
@backstreet I can't stand my dad's snoring  like, honestly, sharing a hotel room with him is actual hell.
Tweeting from under the covers! There's seriously a ghost in my room!  if anyone laughs at this I effing hate you.
my room is all pretty now! &lt;33 i'm talking to lil' pahin! not the same as regular pahin though 
has started to pack her room away 
My lounge is now an exam hall.  I'm so sad  http://dailybooth.com/LukeUK/344720
I have to clean my room (the messiest room in the world) in 2 hours so they can show my house 
 No cameo, never made it past the cutting room floor...bummer
I can't tidy my room I want stumpy 
@TheTall_One I'm in the next room! but I know what you mean, I've been gone all weekend. I miss you too 
I can't go downstairs without crying. 
wow... seriously huge hotel room all to myself! living room area... kitchen... double beds... wow! too bad I'm only here 1 night! 
I did the kind of cleaning that made the room more messy than when I began. 
ahhh fresh laundry is making my room even warmer 
@rainagrigsby same here! its too hot in my room. 
my room is somewhat cleaner.  But still not very colorful.    me no likey.
@Xenooo @joyce4david @feeshda i left david's orange juice yday in our hotel room. dang it 
@WYendrys let's switch! It's super hot in my room 
It's sooo hot in my room.... 
My room is chaotic  http://mypict.me/15s4
@karenthomas i'm staying safe and doing my homework! sampson is keeping me company. i miss axel  i still don't have internet in my room.
it's too cold in my room i don't wana come out from under my covers  awman!
.. needs to start clearing my room ready to move out  but i dont wannaaa
hates having a cadbury's funsize bag in her room, have eaten 5 already!  god damn it! gym tonight, yes!
argh theres a spider in my room, but nobodys home to get rid of it!! :/ 
My favourite housemate is packing up her room 
5-star place, state of the art server room, new servers... and the aircon failed... 
starting to pack up my room  but can't wait to get in the new house &amp; design my new sexy, artistic pad !
My PC is in pieces on the dining room floor and this laptop is instrumental in putting it together again....today's post will be late! 
dead roses in my room like all my life.. 
and living room only have table before some people can get there 
@icanlearntolove I think it's just security checking the other rooms are empty but even so, it's odd to think that strangers are around 
Isn't allowed in his room again 
i now have sky in my room, i love it!    i really do have the cold now 
My room is a tip...I really aint in the mood to do the massive pile of ironing  is gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!! i dont want to go to uni 2mo 
my room feels so empty and cold 
really needs to clean her room.....argh so much to do this weekend, NO sleeping in and relaxing for me 
moved to the other room. i felt comfier inside my room. 
seems that my travel partner have not even booked the hotel room. really hoping that we won't be sleeping on the beach 
as fun as it seemed at first to have the room to myself all weekend, I am in need of a hug already  awoooo.
i dont wannna go to worrrrrrrkkkk   sad panda, also my brothers cat will die for following me into my room and then crying for halfanhour
There's a fly in my room, and it really likes my shampoo 
Still in the waiting room  delays
@CannellFan1 426?? so much for being across the hall 
@synchronise my room is the only one in the house that doesn't get ac very well. It is almost always hot in my room. 
wish these boys would get out of my room,I want to sleep 
@fionaryann no.  it's too cold inside my room. lol!
yay tidying my room... such a sucky day! 
hate how i have horrible insomnia now that is always daylight. even with my room dark i can't stand sleeping know its light out lol! 
I have Ants in my living room.  I have to buy toxin...
too early, too early &amp; its freezing in my room 
... he is adjusting to sleeping in a new house &amp; in his own room. He was so upset &amp; just did not want to sleep without me holding him 
I wish the tivo was in my room so I didn't have to get out of bed to watch sytycd from last night 
I need to clean out the laundry room and bring recycling to the center - we've got ants. 
Tweeting from my new home... I now live in @kelliesimpson's old room... So not woot for me 
It is so freaking hot in this room...  Hopefully a cold front will magically appear.
I hate roaches!! Especially when they keep me from my own room 
i spilled coffee all over my room 
packing up my room 
Is sat in the doctors waiting room, such a depressing place 
gah, my room is so hot i can't stop sweating  This is making getting dressed for going out ruhl hard.
it's damn lonely isolated in my room  stupid homework
singing in my room.....  i did love you
Cleaning her room 
The internet only works plugged in in my room right now.  Going to bed though, right after I found out. 
ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!!!! 
@joiskol  being in your room makes me sad.
My door looks naked   It makes my room feel bigger though.
is sick in the doctors waiting room 
That room will be an oven too 
Getting bored sitting at the hotel room the entire day 
My room is too hot to sleep in.  
Home. Don't think i'll wake up at 5. :-p I had set an alarm for 6 in the kids' room &amp; forgot to turn it off. I feel bad about that. 
Sitting in an empty yearbook room.  attempting to figure this asap out lol
WTF rehearsal  off  got to space and room was booked and the  brothers have stuff right after so we cant transfer to another room studio 
now there's a fly in my room 
@MustBeBenHughes hahah! sadly there is no current activity though in the room 
Cleaning my room.. 
is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like crap. 
Going to clean my room but thats not hard. i keep my room pretty clean really....anyway, i could still be doing better things!!!! 
two rooms packed and cleaned, three to go 
About to clean my room 
Cleaning out my room and found this... http://yfrog.com/0t2b6j   she took me to 2w2v and insisted on paying for my ticket.
just kidding. its standing room only. 
Grounds himself from getting more toys...only cause I have officially ran out of room to place them 
@mollyissogyo I made room...I don't have a bed from how much room I made and now I'm outta space for sure lol, and I know I'm pathetic 
Painting my room = 
the fact my room is so hot is making me feel sick 
cleaning my room 
cleaning my room 
@currykidd rofl. room is too small to dance 
night to @applecored - the light dims as you leave the chat room 
@juicystar007 ahhh im on your blogtv waiting room 
@juicystar007 I can't get in, I'm in a waiting room 
in my room its too damn warm! windows open but im still cooking ! 
@juicystar007 i'm so upset i've ben trying to watch u on blogtv but the operators of the waiting room kicked me out for no reason 
Cleaning my room and watching what not to wearrrrr; ah cramps 
I cant find my remote.. this means I have to clean my room now   ahhhh!
ok 45 minutes later room dusted.  yes i dust each candle.  and i now realized i have a shit ton of candles in my room 
My headache can go away at any time now. Being in a dark/cool room is not working 
@livescifi meaning emergency room? if so.. r u ok? 
Why must twitter and myspace be so addictive, no room for studying 
cleaning my room....it's extremely messy. 
sitting on my bedroom floor telepathically willing my room to clean itself...not working. 
@thet1m couldn't sleep in my room for months.  killl it!
Wow.. I should probably clean my room.. I can't see the carpet 
I'm in the @strangelovelive chat room, but it's disabled 
i have to sleep in the spare room again. 
hotel rwanda is sad  but good.
@sparkssj  i left them in the dressing room at one of the stores...
sitting in the hotel lobby, getting sleepy but worried about not being able to sleep....sucks being alone in the casino 
trish it closed.  i'll go back to your room! haha
No longer drunk  room was fun need to work on #deathwhale
sleeping in the living room w/ my foster kittens 2nite, 2 of them r going to the adoption center tomorrow. i am going to miss them 
my room is still messy 
Why is this room so bright in the morning 
@moanyboot sadly no coffee yet  room is air-con so not too stuffy but much prefer being sat in sun with u
and najat's room is like some pcd club 
is up at 5:42am and is still scared to go in my room 
its so hot in my room can't get back to sleep 
is off to go and watch jaws 2 in my room so no internet damn 
@xkimkarmax no I cleaned my room after you left &amp; I know I threw that one out. 
Thanks carlee  im going to really cry in my room when you watch the movie now
tanner is going to the emergency room   i hope he is okayy..........
i hate how dark it is in our lounge, but there's no tv in the dining room where the sun is. 
has to tidy room 
@sarahaida NOOOOOOOOOOOOO  and i didn't even realize you took it from my room. when?
cleaning my room 
Still can't find anyone to sublet this room 
sanding the baby's room today - so much plaster 
   grandma is very sick. not doing well. going to the emergency room.
I love this hotel and never want to go home. 
Clean sweep- computer room, need a dumpster 
laundry mats suck I hate that our building laundry room isn't done 
just sitting here in my room doing nothing 
@shanedawson  i never get in the main room...always get stuck in 'waiting' =(
opps just discovered what was causing that smell in my room 
I miss having a deck off my room  http://twitpic.com/69u8k
Running low on things to do in the craft room.    We're too good over here.
My mommy is making me clean my room 
sold all my furniture in my room except my bedevrything is gone 
@roxannemarie I know, now I'm stuck sleeping in the middle of the room 
I have to pull all my stickey notes off my bed room wall  http://twitpic.com/6a6rq
@StDAY ah! i was downstairs  sorry i didn't respond.
finally home, cleaned my room, computer still isn't working 
sitting in the waiting room @ the hospital. grandma is in the cath lab. 
i hav flies in my room 
The people upstairs are flooding my room 
watching one of those strange quiz shows but i cant be botherd to get the remote from other side of room 
@iamJenelleMarie (4hours l8r) *(J and A enter room wit sleepin AKZionz) we need cab money  lol
this hotel room is so cold!  where's my cuddle buddy? &lt;3
@jenisjen I won't be making it  too far from our hotel I wouldn't get back til 11 
Rearranging my room 
wonders why our room does not have electricity.  http://plurk.com/p/xajmx
@PictureAtlantic i know bummer right?  i was actually in the main stage room and wanted to hop over to see you dudes 
i love crying upstairs when everyone is downstairs. 
stupid chairs in the stupid orchestra room. i am SO sore 
This spot light outside my living room had me thinking it was 830 
@kaitlynedwards i nearly fell asleep on the little ping pong room couch with a bottle under my face haha. i dont remember you leaving 
in manassas, va sitting in the hotel room. i just wanna be in new york. 
I can't fall asleeeep!   tiff needs to hurry up and come home so I can go back in my room &amp; sleep instead of the floor.
I'm so hungry right now and I'm cleaning my room! 
@mileycyrus someone is in this chat room pretending to be u  http://bit.ly/T03Zp
I need t ore arrange my room, but no one wants to help  *tear*
I need to re arrange my room, but no one wants to help  *tear*
@ohhaycassiek yupp just found out i have no service in my room right now, how laaame  
My aunt kicked mr out of her room n told me 2 sleep so goodnite  haha
@sammia I can't get comfy in this stupid hotel bed 
@kirkfontenot id like too...but the room is cold 
This place is hellah crowded 4 real not 2 mention a friggin boiler room  grrrr stress
has to write a report about the amount of light at different points in a room...... 
Sitting in a room at motel 8 or super 8 waiting for friend to finish smoking :::cough cough I'm getting contact in here :: 
There's an immortal spider in my room 
It's fucking hott in my room and can't sleep. 
my heater in my room isnt working  it's soo coolldddd *shivering*
@ChrisRyanMusic i hate it when my dad comes to my room just to check if i'm sleeping..i always have to turn off my laptop harshley  lol
Also a spider kicked me out of my room last night  it was fucking huge so i slept in the spare room . damn spider
this blister is &quot;eina&quot; . Going to put the heater on, screw eskom, my room and I are freezing...business management is not so exciting... 
 Oh great need to tidy my fucking room 
cleaning my room or I can't go see @katyperry. 
has a few 'gamu-gamo' flying around in my room.  http://plurk.com/p/xdp08
i got really booored, and my room is such a messsss 
my room is empty, my walls are bare, my life is in boxes.  goodbye glasgow, I had a good two years! 
@keyshaun_blak i cant! i got tooo much sleep... i went to bed at 10 on my living room floor lol!!!! thats how tired i was lol 
working on the cart all day, then back on campus to finish painting my room...no more pink 
watchin brother bear in my grandmas room. so boring 
Now I have done my revision, time to tidy my room 
*whispers* there is a fly in the room and it might attack me :S i dont wanna be attacked by a fly 
theres this really annoying bird pecking at the side of my house right outside my room! it woke me up  and its a bit too early for me....
Dammit. The old woman beat me into the laundry room. Now I'll never get my laundry done. 
I have bugs in my room 
@Clubpenguinfan3 yea I don't c u in the chat room though 
Decorating my house... In the sims! I must vacuum my room soon. 
@AmazingPhil go back into the room when u can  charlie is mean
I'll clean my room  
http://twitpic.com/6c5tm - Last day of hellcity  bye hotel room!
@MrsDDoubleU and even staying in the hotel by myself 
just woke up thanks to the stupid brightness in my room! 
my room is a mess 
Thinking about renting a storage room to put all the tires and car parts for the #ae86  We desperately need the room
@sergiootaegui I killed a fireant in my room last night  http://myloc.me/2ccW
@luzbonita I want to sit in a eames lounge chair!  Not fair! 
@gdmcrpunk I hafta clean my room 
@linrose I bet you are R2 on the others aren't ya? We just made our hotel res but could only get 1 room at that rate 
i have 2 clean my room  i think i will hire a maild or somethine
Lying in bed in my new room, drinking medlemon. I hate being sick 
just finished packing up kailey's room. i can't even remember her being that small! 
@buckhollywood i was in the main room but i closed the window by mistake... now  i is no where 
My dad took the room i was watching movies in 
cleanin my room its so messy i dnt no where 2 start 
my mom says i must organize my room today . . . 
@bromco how do you get involved with this show?  i would love u 2 do a room, but u don't travel  
@jdaniels2012 strange with this other guy in my room, too. we've said a dozen HAAAAAAAP words to each other. nice room, but no internet 
sooo instead of cleaning my room i decided to take a nap... i guess that was bad idea cause i had a really bad nightmare while i slept 
No breeze on council estates apparently, thus leaving windows open all day didn't cool my room down. I'm suffering 
I keep on trying to clean my room but it's not getting any cleaner. 
too hot in my room 
my room is too hot 
theres a moth in my room 
Just got back to wright state starting to clean my room 
angel peed in my room!!!!!!!! I guess i should've responded to her meows........... 
@RanDomeFilms you kicked me out of the chat room  hahha. That's all good.
my hamster didnt know i was in my room on the floor. when i stood up she let out some freaky noise and scared the hell out of me 
We need to have a  chat on ur bed n my dinning room so I can stop crying.... 
omg its uncomfortably hot in my room 
apparently this hotel is too &quot;classy&quot; to have ice machines or vending machines.  but there is $11 water in the room.  Not joking 
i left my poster at the war room 
It's so quiet in the office. The click-clacking of the keyboard when I type resounds all over the room. I want to have an off too. Badly. 
can't believe all my lovers were on one room and I failed to watch it  waiting for rerunnnn!
No more microwave in my room. It blew my fuse twice when I tried to mic some pizza. 
just came from the emergency room. in crutches. 
just came from the emergency room. on crutches. 
so our apartment just flooded.... the washer wouldn't stop filling up and i was in the other room for that 30 minutes... water everywhere 
I just found a nasty huge spider crawling in my room and then it disappeared under my messy room  ewwwww bah
My loft room is like a sauna today, I wouldn't mind, but I have to spend the whole day packing 
My room is up side down 
@LusciousTxCutie  The digi cable in my room is out  I missed it
really must go...okay just 3more of the new moon trailer....then...go to my room and relinquish the computer to mother...then...hmwk... 
Also, there's a spider in my room, and I don't want to be in here anymore. 
@brn2jump tell me about it. this room...it's so sad 
moved furniture in the studio hoping for more room. not very much different 
sweating in a small meeting room while building data tables and dreaming of the sunshine 
@akaSylvia sorry - no spare rooms in our house 
room needs to be cleanedd! 
@ dome health room that seems like a...ew 
Talking about #vitasmonday, I was planing 1h:30min of naked dancing in my room and now I don't have where to play! 
I have to tidy my room now.  This is going to be long ... 
I have to tidy my room now.  This is going to be long ... 
@cccaitlins awww!  are you in your room right now? lol
Cleaning my room. 
Is sitting at the corner of the room, not enjoying the movie cus im very very sick 
@AmBeeFlyy skank! You not gon have any room left for us to get a matching tatt 
I want burger lounge right now 
@YoungQ I cant seem to sign up for the chat room! I am sad   I fill out the info and then hit sign up and it just says invalid pswd/login!
Just got in after spending 9-7 working, mostly in a dark room... 
I just got joaned on by the whole break room. cus I had 1 dread sticking stright up 
i hate how my room is the only place in my house that has crappy phone reception!!! 
@xxFolieADeuxx hahaa x] but i'd have to go downstairs... and it hurts  lol
has no internet in my dorm room 
So tired  painted the room until 2am. But now it's beautiful green!
@TanyaTermoil ahhh i know! i havnt been able to sleep since it got hot  my room is boiling all night
@TJSMW ty! I miss the green room 
@BarbaraBakes It's been cleared  I deleted some images to make room and just hit empty recycle bin without looking in it.
@Drinagale you make me wna tidy up my room too haha 
really need to go 'wogging', but ended up cleaning and tidying up room and stuff that i unpacked last night. 
Another tornado has struck my room 
Oh its very hot upstairs...i guess this is when upside down houses come into their own. Its so cool in my living room 
just got a fly out of my room and now theres a dragonfly 
Cleaning the rest of ma room 
i hate when my room smells like sex 
why is it so freaking hot in my room?  
@fcknbarbee and by the time i got to my room it was over 
At the emergency room. I hate it here, it smells weird 
I'm ascared to go upstairs 
@caryslouise it has been rather hot recently. even with my fan on full, and my window opens it's been horrible in my room. 
@lavjonas tokio hotel and won tokio hotel that's bad 
cleaning out my room   nothing is allowed on the floor. fuck! this is so difficult ha who let me buy all these shoes?!
It's 2am and I'm awake again it's way too hot outside so by room is too  I think I'll open the wibdow
or so i thought, spider in my room, the men of the house are dead to the world. No sleep for gracey, just yet.  stupid irrational fear
http://twitpic.com/6fudg - need to find room 4 this things in the front of my room  mom made me take then out of ang's room.
@Swizletek awww sorry - there was no way we could get to every single room 
cleaning up my room 
Just woke up in a swelteringly hot room covered in sweat. 
Sims 3 !!&lt;3 has to clean her room tomorrow 
@AishaGrace i know! i'm in the same room as stinky tuna lady. She's been away for 6 weeks. I'll be crying when she gets back 
wanting my coffee that is on the other side of the room.... trying to use mind powers to make it come to me.... it's not working 
Wanting to sleep! But can't....haven't finished room. 
still cleaning my room. 
I need to clean my room. 
@dreamt_too_late http://twitpic.com/5g6ta - You are amazing! I saw your paintings on your room too. I wish I had your talent 
HEY...i tackled the little man back and i'm so pro...he has me run into my room and lock the door 
Seriously, why do I keep buying more books? I don't even have room for them on my bookcase and it has 16 compartments 
my room is so hot... and when i open the window the birds wake me up at 4 30 the next morning  ugh !
Ugh I can't sleep its harder to sleep with out my puppy  maybe I'll sneak him into my room lol
my light in my room just died on me. 
This is the part of moving that sucks... when everything is packed up and I'm sitting in a bare lounge room.  It feels cold and lonely. 
@PodRED  at least it's not 24.8 degrees in your room!!!
@aryan22 yes! although you won't be able to stay in my room because its super strict and we can't have ANY overnight visitors 
oh maaan. i have to tidy up my room 
I can't sleep. :/ its really hot in my room.  
@DreamsJustFloat I'm alright thanks, you? LOL cos I was tidying my room yesterday &amp; put all the stuff from floor on bed so no room for me 
eww theres a fly in my room 
@eddieizzard sheffields boiling, but revision and feeling ill has left me stuck in my room 
this room is trying to freak me out..i closed the door then for awhile it was open..creepy 
I'm so mad !! I can't leave at ten twenty like I'm supposed to I have to sit in a room with a bunch of losers until two thirty eight 
How to sew a bean bag  http://tr.im/n9Fj really tempted to try this out but I have no room for a bean bag at my accommodation 
@caitlinrubyxo I cant watch it on the net..... I have slow net and I need to watch it all rugged up in my lounge room. 
@crecenteb For some reason, I'm always let down when green rooms don't have neon green walls. 
In my living room. Going to fetch sis soon. I have two blisters  means I have to limp!
ugh, must clean room before floor entirely disappears, but its so warm and sunny outside...... 
Hating life hard right now. I'm locked out of my room 
The chairs in this conference room are so uncomfortable.. 
@RFLong i have no room for the books i already own  i have one tiny room at home (my parents)
Why is there so much chatter in my room today? I seriously need to write like a maniac. So distracted 
@Andrewssnotcool yo this lunch room cold 
Trying to clean my room...don't know where to begin. 
cleaning my room 
cleaning my room 
getting ready to clean up my room. that's going to be fun haha 
@LauRenxExCarter  I qotta clean my room too
Holy shit there is a huge spider in my room and it is now hiding behind my dresser 
and now that the forum is empty, I cannot stall any longer...back to my room... 
I have been working since 4 and now I'm all wet thanks to the pot room. I don't like being in here without all the students  it's no fun.
my room is balls hot. it sucks.  I am literally sweating like I'm outside, but I'm inside. lameee.
evidently it's much too hot and humid to sew in this timy room. 
there's a mosquito in my room I can hear him and it's keeping me awake cuz I'm scared he'll bite my face 
hate hotel rooms! 
so it smells weird in my room...  and i gots the hickups 
@ohmoe i would buy it but 1) i am attached to sims 2 and 2) i don't have room on any computer in my house for a new one 
im sick of living like this... my room is a pigstye  .egjodgdfnio no matter how much i clean it... it gets messy within a few days 
there is a moth trapped in my room 
I wish the TV in my room still worked 
@mattycus and my room is quite chilly 
can't fall asleep  tooooooooo hot in my room. music is distracting me too.
@mollyfried No, as I said, no room. 
ohno, just realized that I have to start cleaning my room today  all my gorgeous pictures will end up in a box, the walls will be to empty
Taking a break from cleaning my room. I don't know what to do with my things! They're too much 
its hot in my room. &amp;  i can't sleep 
@gobears08 Come by anytime! Hopefully soon, my room will actually be unpacked and presentable 
These severe, reocurring headaches have become unbearable...i'm going to the emergency room  @projectbrain
@AnNaDeL8 my mom told me to clean my room and told me that im so lazy 
@GreenThumbJC21 same one as I always had. just got it in the new room... I tell you im not moving out now? noone to live with 
alone again in my room... 
No wifi and spotty 3g coverage in this room though.  #mweb09
@tallespin Why cant I get onto singapore hotel? 
Its way too bright in the mornings in my room 
just woke up. my room is still hot. now I'm sweaty and gross  good  morning though!
i have to tidy my room its a state buuut i so cba 
@hyomini a huuuuuuge dressing room! and a shoes room! would be nice, i know. i suck at organizing my clothes. gets messed up next day 
I feel like shit.  and this room is always really cold 
I'm going to miss the dark room. 
I'm hungry, but there's an evil person upstairs so I'm stuck in the basement eating m&amp;m's 
want to do something! maybe i should clean my room  it's not possible to walk on the floor! This is going to take a while!
Preparing for phase 2 of a server room clean-up tonight. Like most, I lack significant space at the back of my 2 post rack 
Just tidyed my room and filled 4 huge bags of clothes I never wear! And still no room in my tiny wardrobe 
sitting in the band room... eatting lunch... bored.. 
http://twitpic.com/6jahp - about to start a room tidy... this could take a while 
@katkake1 I know, right? There's no where else downtown that has soy milk since the break room stopped carrying it 
I must tidy up my room 
Just got out of  the shower now i have to clean my room i really don't want to  but it has to get done!
@AleenaH Ah boo. I'm sorry lady. Now we don't even have a guest room 
My sex buddy from the anime chat room got his account taken away   *need new 1*
@Cookleta and my room anyone can find me there 
@srart86 well we've got like four couches if you need a place to crash. won't have a vacant room until septemeber though. 
going to clean my room. I hate it 
@themightyshrub right on the funny crease in my carpet. V.weird coincidence. Just guessed 10 years ago. Dimensions for mixing room poor 
I have to trade rooms 
@charmingsam I need a TV in my craft room 
I am alone in a room eating a grapefruit 
At the emergency room i sprained my ankle no bueno 
so my new bed wont fit up the stairs into my room 
@SeanFamoso i like that shower ;) other than that.. ur room is nasty 
@jennafletch like she makes me so angry i cant this is awful  i just wish my diary room was all ready so i could go and vent 
slacking on cleaning my room. 
Just got to the hotel. It smells so bad in here 
kicked out my room for 2 squealing 8 year olds. on the sofa for the night 
has a huge spider in my room! Right above @tommcfly and @dannymcfly 's head!  i dont know what 2 do!
eekk just killed a spider in my room, i wont be able to sleep now 
@dingyu I'll stay at the hotel then.  
Last night at my house. This is so sadd. I'm gonna miss my teeny room. 
I really hope my debit card is in my room 
why is it so hot in my room? 
@sneakyfox we have a basement suit available out by parkridge  $500 a month, laundry and full washroom on floor, parking space avail
just moved downstairs to sleep on the sofa because one of those really chubby spiders has been crawling around my room for iuno how long. 
@JohnMilleker glad you made it safely, sorry your room was given away!  that sucks  
@mrsleftybrown I fell on the wet tile floor just when I walked out of my hotel room 
@lindawmn Don't have any; we're in a hotel. 
stuffed  just went shopping, did my animals and cleaned my room and now i am cooking a cake
The light in my room just had a shortage so I found some electric lights and put them on but they are too dim to be of any use 
Sitting in my hotel soon alone bored 
@atlantisjackson I'll try. But my room is no 404.  lol
I tried to read upstairs but failed... I fell asleep... 
@itssummerfun hay  dsl, room
@Marissacre boo, y'all were supposed to get to me via skype! I was supposed to join the dance party from my hotel room 
It's cold in my room.. That's sad 
is still drunk and can't sleep, the room is spinning people 
breakbeat heartbeat. i need to tidy the sitting room, ew 
good workout , steaaam room broke 
Arrrrg I have to tidy my room  not going to though ;)
Clean room and toilet pleases me so. But dead mouse is pissing me off... so i guess balance in the universe is restored. 
Ironing-done, vacumming downstairs-done, upstairs to do 
Tidying my room  got loads to do.
my room is such a mess i better tidy it today 
ahhhh i need to clean my room.... bad times 
@gins_tonic  ahh... so thats what you've been doing in your room all evening.... leaving me all alone in the lounge 
soooo hungry and im stuck in my room 
Still in bed. I'm probably going to get blasted by the man sitting in the living room in 2.5 seconds. I sleepy 
....And yet david is in his room lying on top of his quilt, gahhh im cold  night agaiin sexies. Lovexo
I must clean my room again  I am a horrible messy  But I can't consider  This is a disease 
cleaning room 
cleaning out spare room 
cleaned my room again- still no passport. I #blamesdrewscancer for my missing passport 
cleaning my room 
is devastated. ICT room ruined by blocked drain and subsequent roof leak. Just what we needed 
I left my window open last night now my room is freezing! I'm not a happy camper 
Hanging out with my cousin in my room. She has a macbook  So envy her.
hum.. Thinks i need to clean my room, badly and reread 'hes just not that into you' wat a lovely sat  lol
is cleaning his room.  
 I want an unltimate maing room... free astros. XD
my room is messy  don't like it.
's pooch just puked all over the living room. 
just shifted room to B45... dead tired... but need to work 
@DazzleMeThis It sucks...now in room with no alcohol and no company 
cleaning my room 
Having to clean my room blah  
Cleaning my room 
of all the things i could do over the next few hrs, i guess i need to clean my room... 
Muffins empty room  http://yfrog.com/beidej
is home annnnd room all back to normal, walls still vandalized by @_peaches buuuuut not happy i lost both my tv remotes 
now i need to get ma room back together now  
The dog took a crap in my room 
Also mrs has a bad cough, so I'm sleeping in the spare room tonite.. 
@violetbakes That's a good one (well - apart from for the pigeon). I once had a bird flying round the living room - that was enough 
my dad cleaned the carpets last night. i had 2 clean out my room. i was stupid &amp; put everything on my bed and i had to sleep on the couch 
painters are in the living room, they unplugged the modem. I'm sad face panda over this one 
Sitting in a stairwell with my laptop because I can't connect from my room 
mum made me clean up my mess in the living room -.- it wasn't mine 
lying in my tidy room boreeeeeed 
cleanin my room 
TV Producer fail! We're better than the cutting room floor 
is changing/cleaning up her room, yet playing with the kittennnnss(well, one is sleeping) and missing kennay 
cleaning my room so i can have more space.  my room is way too small
@pubby Also even with insurance I still owe about $1,500 for an emergency room visit. 
is offically out of halls 
@lindslub  let's chat, rooms. love you.
@golftippin ill be in vegas next week, i don't think i have room for clubs tho 
@kea8896 i want you to sleep over, but my room's a mess 
@forMyRembrandt I had newfies 10 years ago I miss them no room now 
@kalebnation: I just got booted from the main room 
gotta clean my room, 
Hates cleaning her room. 
@KalebNation awhh  now im in a waiting room!
@kalebnation me cause my comp kicked me out of the main room 
Cleaning my room 
@jessicatmo I always have room for me! And in augusttttt  I'm like 98% pos. I'm going :'( !
the pens are bringing me down here! i want to change the channel but the remote is on the other side of the room 
Be in working room. 
is at the emergency room with ian. (sigh) this is almost becoming routine 
Just got tickeolled in re lobby of my hotel 
Setting on the balcony of my room.  A little chilly but I am really enjoying being away.  Missing my mom though!  
Wait... I thought I had two room mates?  @JohnLGalloway
@ashumsatez I tried to make one earlier but even with everything turned off in my room you could barely hear me. i can't talk 
@WalllessFury didn't u hear the whole E3 epic fall when leaving the hotel room to go to the airport? There was even a wheel chair picture 
@yayKIMO i would send it in, but from the room i'm in, i cant see the moon  i'll try though. cause i'm scared to walked down the hall, lol
i'm so scared. there's a huge spider in my room. when i tried to kill it, it ran into my closet. no way i'm brave enough to look for it.. 
My room is so empty 
is there a room here in twitter for a tarsier like me? 
xoxomilliexoxo i know  its too bright in my room so i cant get back to sleep  x
still can't decide on a hotel to stay at 
@egrunow will ruined it  there is now a PC in the room. ewwwww.
the fergie room has now been renamed to the gaga room. 
just woke up, in a boring hotel 
@yaratyara v2o is poppin..just not in the room we're in 
Seriously need to clear my space as a lot of things are on the floor  ..in the dining room.
My poor cat is now sitting in the living room with a fractured pelvis. He smells really bad because he can't support himself to get clean 
just finished cleaning up my room, phew! now i'm tired 
i wanna go back to uni  i miss my own room, and my laptop.
whoops, wrong, i forgot to mention merlin, he had no room to fit 
in the room, doing my homework 
@SianySianySiany @zairesheppard and her mate are still sleeping in the living room, which is where the telly is. No TV for me 
I really wish my room was clean 
Its too bright in my room for me to get to sleep 
imma bored i've spent the past 4 hours cleaning my room and sorting through my clothes i didnt relise how untidy it was 
is waiting for some one to come out in living room to hang with me i sort had to work some super wonder too my hair it puffy 
Sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for derek to come back for me. He knew I would take longer than him to get ready so he left me here. 
I dont want to leave our hotel 
How did I fit all my stuff into this room before? How am I going to fit it in again? 
@frazj hello, I am on board, trying to clean my room! 
Grounded till i clean my room. 
Just sitting in my room!! And bored 
@BeckyC3 lol. i need a drink but if i move my parents will make me tidy my room 
balloons all over my room  lmfao.
@geekigirl i love recreating the spa hence my recent obsession with the steam room and sauna at my gym.  not quite the same though 
Trying to repair the washing machine now as it's just flooded the utility room 
whilst tidying my room, i found 3 easter eggs which i havent even opened 
RE-vacuum my room................... damn.. =/ not checked... 
Eating lunch alone in my room because I'm sick 
@TheKellanLutz could not follow that chat room at all!! could you please follow me on here? I don't have many  lol
My son is sitting in his room waiting for the antibiotics to kick in. 
cleaning my room  x x x
Cleaning my room on a sunny day 
Emptying my room out 
@xorachel63xo  nooooo i had to refresh kuz my internets a douche and now im not in ur room! 
last time in the #apprentice board room for another YEAR! 
@neeenurs fuck you nina, clean my for my room for me 
@buckhollywood I'm in the waiting room 
my room is so messy! i dont want to clean it 
Wants to be squished against the barrier at oasis again insted of just hearing it from her room 
@buckhollywood i never got in the main room 
@wiriamu me, too! We went from a frigid pool to an air conditioned room  my hair's still wet, and I'm freezing!
cleaning my room + my entire closet &amp; my restroom 
Cleaning my room  gah how'd it get so messy?
is cleaning his room. Is still debating going to johns since it's getting late. 
So....I've cleaned my room, but I don't have enough space for my shoes    what to do, what to do????
in the library. i want a spot in the west reading room! 
@emmalouisex3 emma...i just took down all of my jonas posters in my room today... my room is soo plain now 
@thatswhatwesay really sad I cant be in the chat room to discuss this 
@xmarksthestott2 I shut down too. I just have no room to put things &amp; I'd say, we live pretty simply. 
Just got a good deal on a hotel room via the priceline negotiator.  They accepted my first offer though so I left money on the table 
its so hot in my room 
@Sterkworks Definitely the consumption thereof, but I ran out of room. 
why is it that I freak out when my room is messy, but I'm too lazy to clean it? then i feel all unorganized &amp; shitty 
Going to sleep. I hate sleeping in the living room 
5 fans in my room &amp; still, its too hot. 
Aww. im sad i just somehow got kicked from @kooljeffrey 's  main room. now im sad. 
i really want to go play with photoshop but i have to clean my room 
Too hot in my room 
I have trouble sleeping in this room. Its very hot and my sunburns don't help 
just came back from emergency room... everything is fine, issac hurt his nose!! 
thanks to my nap i have to hang out in my room.. my glasses arent as strong as my contacts so the living room tv is too far 
its so hot in my room! wtf! ugh 
I am sooooo bored theres nothing to do. I wish i had the computer in my room 
It's hot in my room, and I can't sleep. 
@QueenSav yes it is, yes it is, but lonely all this room and no one to share it with,  LOL
just saw a centipede in her room. it got away, this is not okay. will i ever sleep again ajflkjaslfjsadlf 
i hate the hospital. i hate that little room where they do the bloods. ehhh 
I just woke up :-D and now I have to get up and clean up my room 
Someones going to fix the hot water Yes!! But the boiler is in my room so I had to get up  they said they are coming  as soon as possible!
my room is cold 
@kurt_ctdk haha no they are just in an uncomfortable room with no aircon  hard to make tunes when sweaty
wth i think theres a mosquito in my room 
@danielshockk ?  aww, fuckfuckfuck! you reminded me i was supose to clean my room  oooh well no computer fer another night haha
there is a mosquito in my room eating me alive! 
@somaya_reece haha I'm happy I'm the only one up. I want to go to sleep but I can't ughhhhh! damn its in my room. 
i love lie-ins still tired though and need to tidy my room 
I'm looking at the pile of clothes/stuff on my dining room table and wondering how the hec its going to all fit in my rucksack 
I want to go to the emergancy room right now. what could be wrong with my chest? 
argh really bored! trying to hanging on my room 
My sister is taking over my room! 
@sahaase Maybe we should start a club. We caught 2 last week ... in our newly finished baby's room.   Not cool.
My room is so empty 
At hostel, several American guys outside my room. Would like to take a peek but I look like shit and they're between me and the bathroom. 
yet another day of room tidying  when will it end?!?!?!
There is a dead bird right outside the conference room window 
omjesus so it looks like I'm stuck in this waiting room for probably the next 3hrs  this blows
15 minutes until i get outta this history room and then i have to finish a blanket for my fashion class  sighs
I don't want to disturb my bear, but i thought he'd have said hi by now....  ah well, i'm off to dance my cares away in the living room.
omg a mouse just ran out of my kitchen, into the living room!!!!  ewwwww
doesn't want to tidy his room  *mess 10*
@Kaseyart at least there isn't a lack of locker-room humor.  Transformers would suck with those balls 
@rebeccamcclane srsly? got your message about dentists' chair? mentalness...sadly i don't think we have room 
@StormyGaia *envious* went to firenze years ago and all i saw was the hotel conference room &amp; airport, didn't even get to see the duomo! 
went to work out but the workout room is closed 
going to head to ihop or dennys.. still undecided haha then i must clean my room 
My room is so empty  ... time to hoover and bleach!
I'm sitting in a dark room ... my dad took the light bulb out of the ... light thingy. So now it's dark. 
@foxyscot28 seated  gutted we didnt satng cos we were their 4 6:30 &amp; there was room at the bar at small stage that came out &amp; room at
my room is too warm 
my room is blardy messy! 
I took my bed room as child for granted . 
ok scratch the science center  now it's on to deep cleaning my room.
is lazing in @ajtaylor1987 's room although he's gone homehome  so comfy!
@purplejellybean Lol, that would make 22 tracks and I don't think there's room.   
It's thundering, and I'm really scared. I am terrified of thunderstorms. I'm going up to my room to hide under my covers. 
i'm so tired  i have to clean my room too.
in the hotel room .. english people piss me off  shopping is going great though.. A&amp;F and tiffanys tomorrow!! 
@NatxAxLie I'm not allowed in the women's locker room any more 
@tomlowth 1 room half done. I hate skirting boards and ceilings so much it gives me energy! 
ehh I need to clean my room 
had to move my comp back down stairs  i liked my bro's room
i ate now im cleaning my room yay 
cleaning my room 
weight room closes so early 
cleaning my room 
So much to pack but not alot of room! 
@imparanoidJB http://twitpic.com/7ighs - hahaha I havent more space in my room to posters 
Being locked in the room, solved! #gymtime, done! It's now #workingtime... Lapeeerrrr 
ghosts in my room.... 
exausted and have paint all over me  can't wait for the room to be done!
@mkc_ has a cleaaaan room finally! And can't stop coughing 
@mindila wish there were room in your hospital bed to spoon 
sitting around....its soo hot in my room it sucks so of course i cannot fall asleep 
still cleaning my room 
@waldorfs I wish mine lasted a little longer. They really brightened up my living room 
beginning to pack. my room already looks so empty! 
@KrisWilliams81 awww sorry about the tiny room 
christmas lights just died.  now my room is all dark and gloomy.
there's a bug in my room 
@deepthipola things would be difficult!! How can I find her next to my room for real?? 
Just noticed I don't have a guitar in my room 
I have to go clean my room 
@BeanieBuns You can join us if you want! The light bulb in my room has blown. ohsnap 
my room smells like playdough 
damn.. busy in the room 
I love sleeping in @mightybenny's room, its so dark in here! I miss my room.  night dolls!
so, ready. cleaned the rest of the living room too. now i`m tired but i have to go to work at 12pm. 
@sarb3ar me too, but i can't really leave my room or my parents will wake up 
@bigblackcar yah like vacuuming my room now 
@kirilouise my room is drawing too much power its heater and blanket or computer and blanket 
Living room no longer habitable since the dog farted 
going to clean my room, yay 
It is soo cold in my room 
oh i have to go clean my room that stinks 
I cleaned my room and it still looks the same 
In the dental hospital waiting room, hope they don't put that horrible needle in my mouth, it took him 3 stabs last time!!  #squarespace
actually, anyone at #osbridge want an extra person (or 2) in your room for cost-sharing? nowhere to talk about room-shares on the wiki. 
@glanvillee yah. It was a beautiful night and we met inside in a room in the middle of the building. No sunsets for us 
On customer site sat in very cold computer room, feeling hungry and wanting day to end 
@ emergency room waiting for my poor baby ian 
should be packing and moving room... just staring at the computer 
me=in car, macbook power cable=on dining room table 
I just thought I was going to have light in my room tonight!!  I guessed wrong!  
Why can flies not just fly around your room quietly? That buzzing sound is pissing me off.. and it wont just fly out the window! 
Sitting in the waiting room 
It's ridiculously hot in this room... I can't breathe 
has moved out of 58E  and all her stuff is taking over her room..it just won't fiiiitttt!!!
The real doc is not in the room yet 
cleaning my room and studying (this time REALLY). and i still have the coughs 
homework in the living room instead of by the pool.. 
have to clean my room     booooring
@faabianne so am I. it's coz I fell asleep in the living room last night, so, you know... the couch is not as confortable as my bed. 
@JordanPitt yday had more pics. Clearing out my old room 
I'm cleanig my room 
ughhh I hate how my room smells like u  imy*
@SarahAddicts check mod room, my worst nightmare 
Cleaning my room 
@amazingantonia I say that from experience as well. I've turfed up my room &amp; seen I &lt;3 *** on nearly EVERYTHING. Now I see my mistakes 
my room's cleaned... the beat's rollin'... i need some inspiration 
Basically done with my room, just gotta put some pants away. I'm running out of things to do 
My room is a mess again. 
cleaning the awl room  and packing for aussie=D=D woooooooooo
bout to head to the emergency room . 
cleaning my room...  boo.. lol
packing up my room 
is crying at the state of her room 
I hate cleaning my room. I can't even clean it right! 
I need a library room. I mean technically my room is practically a library but i'm running out of places to put my books. 
@Sanrioluver well if I come back to the room n he's floating upside down I dunno what ill do. I'm gonna need u to take care of that 
Hot room is too hot 
My room looks so lonesome all bare and packed away... 
#haveyouever been grossed out by naked old man in the locker room at the gym 
#haveyouever been grossed out by naked old man in the locker room at the gym  omg
@ElektraFi i wanted to join you but the room was full 
freezing my a$$ off in my room.. 
@supraprophetic  ik. We got home and she got online before i was inside. So im in my room.
@live315 my boots are in my room!!  i usually kill them with hairspray though, but that's held hostage at the moment too.
Reporting live from my room.. It's a mess.. 
shhhhcrappy! i came back to the room with moms and knocked out  now i have to ride back in the dark
http://twitpic.com/7lnx7 - and here's what i found coming in the room. she's eatin a treat. chewed wall 
my new room's top 2 downsides so far: 1. tv is too far from bed, need some kinda chair. 2. more wires showing 
i want cereal, but my godfather is asleep in the living room which is next to the kitchen  don't wanna be rude, but so hungry!
I really hate it when people talk about me either, when I'm not in the room or as if I'm not there. It's freaking rude. 
so I'm locked out of my own room and i have no key spare or otherwise 
wondering why only me and ivana are in this room right now...everyone inc. the teacher went to get tim tams 
Freeeeeezing tonight. sitting by the heater in my room trying to get warm... and its not working! 
MY computer room always gets really hot just after dinner, and it stays like that until I go to bed. 
Becoming a passive smoker at client's balcony  geez they have karaoke rooms, cafe, pool tables grr!!!!! But am a passive smoker now
I have resorted to sneaking into my living room (which has cable) to watch tmz. 
i am misplaced cos i can't sleep in any room here since there's always someone sick in it. sleeping in the kitchen. 
i can smell his perfume in my room as if he was here right beside me... 
The doggies keep farting in my room...and it smells really bad 
just finished cleaning the biggest pile I've ever made in my room. 
In a room full of people. . Not 1 of them are good looking.  lol x x x x x
its cooold in my room 
@esterlingdumo FINALLY! welcome to twittersphere! eh I miss pump room 
Still sorting my way through the piles and piles of junk in my room.. booooring 
just woke up and there is ants in my bed. literally, thanks to eating in my room.  ahhhh
anyone want to clean my room for me i really cba to do it 
The cat was so offended by my singing that he glared and left the room 
In this court room waiting to testify and I might be here all day 
ahh! the room next door is playing scattergories &amp; I can't play it because I'm not done my portfolio. that's my favorite game 
Clearing up my room... 
My daddy has half of the sittig room demolished  Not fun!
I was hoping there was still money hidden in my room but there isn't. 
Sitting at home trying to find the motivation to clean my room and bathroom before 7 o'clock  x
I have better reception in the parking garage than I do in my room! 
@peteashton more fool you: there's two boxes left on conf room floor at fazeley. 
nooooooo, stop stealing my conference rooms.  #fb
is packing up her room! 
And my room is a mess and i try to pretend it's my binder and take care of it but it's just not working 
laid down and sort of napped for a while. feel better. still have to pack half my room though 
@anniemacdjseen that therapy bit in the liason office! also seen u in the green room but was to shy to come in and say hey woops 
watching emergency room now. can't believe it's the last season. 
dead from run. clean room, kitchen, basement. then write thank-you notes. thrill rest of the day 
http://twitpic.com/7nmce That's just one of my walls, what it used to be xD I moved rooms now 
@sonners86 its irritating... i COULD go shut my door, but then id suffocate in my room 
@joyolivia It's crazy busy so far...seems I won't have much free time  It's basically a hospital room w/ a dresser &amp; desk! But it's free!
@KristiYamaguchi im drinking too - diet coke in a hotel room. first time i sat down all day. i dont think i've even peed 
my budget's going to be very tight for the next few months   ah well, I'll have space for guests and a door between sleeping &amp; living area
though i do wonder quite frequently why my room is attached to the bathroom, and @cecilylauren's dog is kept in there all day  grossgross
@VoltjanStevens - That leaves less room for books and yarn. 
in baltimore with my momma enjoying the beautiful view of the harbor from our hotel room! just wish the weather was nicer 
i hate that my room is no longer mine 
omg nausea city! me and heat do not go together well.... my bed room is 84 
@lanceriprock yea its a really nice hotel but no bet or fridge in the room 
@MattReeves17 i don't the chat room button! 
wireless isn't working in the hotel room  brought the laptop to the lobby and still issues
@DJDIMPLES oh  well if you decide let me kno.. you can crash in my room. well i didn't get it yet but you kno
I'm lonely  ((cleaning my room...))
game.. y are you in your keep out room? I was going to go talk to you. 
is gonna have to clean my room!!!!!!!!!!!   ( I hadn't cleaned it 4 a long time)   
omg I am too scared to play fallout 3...there are ghouls waiting for me in this room and they look scary 
i finally joined a room on inklink...ever1 left 
I want a new bed,repaint my room, get a proper bookshelf, etc. 
@Hollix I wish I could to that... We woke up at four  grr... I'm gonnatry and make it when I get bck to the room then
my room is soo hot 
I have to tidy my room soon and i couldnt be bothered sad timess 
horny ,, but only my little dog at my room ! 
horny ,, but there's only my little dog at my room 
countinued: they sound  i want the old bill kaulitz back and i want the old tokio hotel back! 
No wifi in the paralell session rooms  #biall2009
@pulpfictions i can't breathe. It's sooooo hot in my room and allergies aren't helping 
Cleaning my room 
says sorry boyfriend, can't talk to you tonight. sister is sleeping in my room.  http://plurk.com/p/11xpi2
Leaving hotel lumiere  that was a awesome hotel
just got scolded by dad because of messy room   No more durians tonight.
cleaning up the room thinking of the old room with my awesome roomies 
@DJDal aye it's great no 3G so can only tweet at the hotel 
@fhgrl33 Too bad we aren't in the same room right now 
guess there's no room in the calendar for me 
really should tidy my room, but so much is on my mind 
@nabiluppal he is gone  he is speaking soon so moved to the front of the room
This hotel Is boring. 
Having trouble with the painting of the living room  #fb
There's a fricken fly in my house!  I thought I trapped it in the computer room, but it escaped 
i've got hardly any room left on my ipod  and i dont want to delete any songs
i still have to clean my room. well finish it. 
Still tring to finish cleaning my room 
so my grandma's over for the night, which means she has my room. looks like im downstairs on the sofa 
My brother has the flu so im camping out in my room 
im leaving for 3 weeks and they are already planning on turning my room into a walk in wardrobe. 
It is so hot in this room!!! 
a tornado of clothes hit my room 
@jamonit1 no  my brother is constantly in and out of my room. I have to change and get ready everyday inmy bathroom
there's way too many clothes on the floor of my room, it's all too overwhelming, i don't know where to start 
@c2s I'm seeing if hubby will take a picture of what our living room looks like now. It's so sad! The bookcases are empty and lonely. 
@DresBlacksheep I tried   u shud come I'll get u a room
I have to give my table and chairs back to my brother tomorrow   Yay for picnics on the dining room floor???
@buckhollywood i have been waiting in the main room for 2hrs and now my computed just exited everything  now im stuck in the waiting room
I knew I should have parked closer to the exam room... it's raining! 
my room looks empty 
@buckhollywood buck i didnt get in the main room 
@buckhollywood i was just kicked out of the waiting room for no reason 
@unknowntrekkie I'm trying to hang in the main room but i keep getting disconnected. 
I swear, my room will never be clean.. 
My room is a complete mess...but im too lazy to clean it up 
is tired, but too lazy to go to my room 
@buckhollywood I didn't get into the main room  and I don't really think you reply to retweets
The floor fan in my room broke. 
i hate studying in my room while everyones livin it up in the living room 
At the hotel...eating room service and working...looks like my week of partying is over 
@kjay2009 i wish, i got off too late so now im goin bak to my room and be bored for the nite 
@MzGunot were not gunna be in the same room lol 
i thought i just heard him call me from his room 
i want a robot maid to clean up my room for me 
sleeping in the living room on the couch. there is a spider or something in my room that bit me and now i have huge marks on my chest 
I've tidied upmy room now, and I'm shattered again 
@MsPwety I know but no you left me and went to the room  grrrrrrr
&amp;&amp; there's a mosquito in my room! 
mums a dick  came storming into my room turned the light on as bright as it goes and wakes me up. I couldn't even see. now can't sleep 
I have this fear of sleeping with my window open,so now my room is even hotter 
Its so freakin' hot in my room...i can't get comfortable 
but it's sooooooooooo hot in my room 
My rooms so coldddd 
I have to clean my room so i can stay over Carols tomorro  and im messy.....
arrrgh i hate stomach cramps  ended up in the living room with my head on the birth ball so not to keep matt up, so tired :'(
@fSTACK_  stupid chat room crashed  joined this to see what happened
trying to get the hitlist chat room to work it wont loadd 
is moveing out of halls  i never thourght i would be sad to go !
@TheHitListRadio  hey thehitlist i left the chat room as soon as it locked up  now its broken
getting so tired of the rain, was supposed to get 2 new living room windows installed if it didn't rain, looks like no new windows today 
Global Regents. Blahh. I lost a ring in my room but didn't have time to look for it. Right now, that's all I wanna do 
i have to tidy my room 
My room is cold 
omg i wannna cryyyyyyyyyyyyy so bad i missed the chat room 
I got kicked out of my chilling place and my room is cold = unhappy and bored 
Theres a fly in my room. It's been here for a few days now. 
I should clean my room... 
::sigh:: remodeling and painting rooms is bleak and boring.  
Tuition at 8 in the early morning and i m still here, my room's super messy. oh manz 
Still cleaning my room... I am so ready to give up!!! 
how did my room get so messy? 
It is so hot in my room 
A mosquito is staying my room now. That sucks  cannot sleep!
painting my room. the floorboards look like crap  ugh.
Sometimes all you can do is pray... heading to the emergency room to make sure my mom is ok..... 
Tidying room  not good
@amberbanana my basement(besides my room) flooded 
in my room watching the rain from my window __ feeling alone _ I wan't my sister!!!! now! 
packing up some of the stuff in my room. 
still working up the nerve to venture into petey's room to clean it.  
http://twitpic.com/7tkgb - this is what organizing my room looks like. 
cleanin my room... 
@lordbleen I wouldn't know what your living room looks like. You don't invite me over 
i have 2 clean my room 
finally tided my room 
@MamaStone I liked your exciting studio space in my livingroom better 
i hate tidying my room 
thank fuck i waited to start hardcore crying until i was alone in the idr room. 
http://twitpic.com/7uc44 - What kind of desk doesn't have drawers? and look how poorly lit my room is! 
I havebeen cleaning my room all day, &amp; have barely made a dent. 
On my way to emergency room 
is a mess &amp; just saw a big spider in my room 
my dog decided to sit next to me in the living room but when i went to take a picture of him he left. 
my dorm room is so small 
I hate being the oldest kid in the room... I feel like such a pedophile 
now im cleaning my room and im hating every moment of it 
hey every one after shool got out i satrted to redo my room and i am almost done but now i am doing all the hard parts 
@tangerinedada No!!   They cut back on booth spaces for some reason, and there's no room for me tomorrow.
My new temporary room. Not bad. But still not my room  http://twitpic.com/7uylt
I'm meant to be room~mate free...I miss my cozy single person apt 
...how I managed to lose my ipod between the dining room and my bedroom I will never know, but it has disappeared from the planet 
Nothing worse then getting your reserved room...but its not what u requested..waiting to see how they will fix it, ugh!  
@MarriottIntl i would rather *not* sit at a desk, but wifi is seldom available in your guest rooms 
My wife continues with atrial fibrillation. She might need to visit the emergency room tomorrow 
@Davidredding I signed up but it won't let me join that room. 
i figured out why my room always looks so messy. i have way too much stuff! my room is small and cluttered. 
so. its really cold in my room. and i am getting rather tired of waiting for the boyfriend to call. and im bored. 
is majorly tired.  and in a hotel room with her whole family.  one of whom is a very cranky 3 year old.  
nothing is worse than being in a hotel room and the remote is missing 
nothing to do but clean my room 
It's like 80 degrees in my room  sleep seems like a pipe dream at this point.....
At the emergency room 
@wmat woo!  I have a stack of vinyl that needs listening.. I just don't have room for a turntable 
@fartingpen I hate that too.  every week my mom messes up with room and then i have un unmess my room again.
so bored my room is a mess still 
There is seriously a huge fly attacking me. I tried hiding under the covers, but got too hot, and now it followed me into the other room 
Just got shocked by the plug in my room 
gotta clean her room  
this room is lonely without my bunkmates @bchui168, @shannakate and @vinmarrone 
There's a huge black spider in my room n I'm so scared I can't sleep!  I can't find it
@foofoox33 lolx I did..I ran to his room then wen we came back to my room we couldn't find it anymore 
Totally not sleepy, no dtv in my room ugh! 
@gabysslave you're welcome! I left my copy in the room  been trying to get hold of one since, any ideas?
*sigh* @MeltyFaceMarlie has gone  i miss her already. but pretty sure we found a hotel 
I am sitting in my room feeling so sorry  for myself because I am just so bored 
I would like to go home now. Turns out tent camping isnt for me. I'll come back when I have a pop-up camper or hotel room to sleep in 
@mattyzee it comes out and then it goes back in again  hmmm no, no plans! i really need to sort out my clothes and my room. it's a mess.
has moved out of halls 
@Tashaandhearts tashhhhhh, i cannot make town  have to tidy my room :@
don't even know where to start tidying my room, its soo messy 
packing up my room... 
@julegamache but we didn't think they were staying at the hotel!! 
i think he stressed himself sick when i went to bed and kept him in the living room 
is cleaning his room 
my monkey is going to the emergency room 
Sitting at the dining room table at grannys house. I think it's time for me to go home... I miss my baby girl 
Its really cold in my room 
i just removed all my lotr posters.  my room is naked. it looks weirrddd....
apparently leaving a bag with a carton of eggs in the living room overnight is a BAD idea! I wanna bake! 
i have tons to pack and a hurricane of a room to sort out. i wana sleeeeeep! 
aaahhhh there's no more room on my mp3 player  i have to delete some songs... 
The room looks so bare 
cleaning my room 
my day to sleep in my and my landlady above me makes all this noise and my roommate next to my room is yelling at someone over the phone 
cleaning weight room with dad 
Going to @KarinaPasian studio session after work....I hope I don't wind up staying for long  I HAVE to make sure I clean my room
surffing the web then cleaning my room 
Really not feeling well so I'm back in bed. Rather be tagging but room was spinning. 
 i just want to take a nap but there are noisy people outside our room
Cleaning my room...soooo much junk 
Getting ready to clean my room 
Packing up room for open houses next week 
i can't find my hairbrush  maybe this means i have to tidy my room...
hungry but i wanna eat in my room but i don't want ants again  i guess i'll have to watch what my parents are watching 
Grounded.   I snuck on the computer in the living room, ha!
is all alooone  @FaridahF @Anyabarker our room is scary without u two  come back soon!
And I swear sunshine is enjoying this. That's what I get for bringing another puppy into my room 
Shopping for a ping pong table, but not sure my extra room is big enough...9x5 is standard.  
awake. strangers in the living room 
@AM8B wish i was there. sick in hotel room in mexico 
is sitting in the oasis lounge delayed already 
sweet lord i bit off more than i can chew. closets vomited on my living room and now i have to clean it up. 
i hate it you havent text. I also really hate that the room is spinning to bad 
I hate flies ! There are so many in my room. 
I lost my keys  trying to find them will be a hassle, my room is hellllla dirty
@EwwCassidy it says your room is friends only 
Cleaning my messy room..  http://mypict.me/4Ks9
my room is such a messy 
my room is such a mess 
Hanging out in the lobby of the hotel at MetroCon. @SnafuComics ditched me for some guest related activities! 
@kristanmarie so did i  but now i have room to dance haha jk
@nbonsack I was tempted by deepfried Twinkies and funnel cake but had no room. 
My body is aching after building a cabinet and clean up my room yesterday 
My room feels empty now 
....cleaning my room so i dont get yelled at. sigh 
at the emergency room pray for me 
At a 15 in the rest room charging my phone.  i suck. Todays sucked..
@misspace that's cute. when buddy wants to remind that he needs to go out he usually pees in the living room. 
i wish i had the energy to dance around my room singing. 
Nights like this, I wish I had a TV in my room... 
no more room mates! Just a bunch of cleaning 
Sitting in my hotel room alone  not cool
sitting in my hotel room. bored  nothing to watch on tv.
@_icecreamman aww how sad for room 
The room is too cold...my toes turn blue 
sad. pff im eating alone standing up in the kitchen while everyone is in the diner room  this always happens
sun is shining into my room that's why I'm awake now  - that's silly..I hate it , everyday it is the same with those curtains
Considering sleeping on the couch. Its too hot in my room 
 you all maka me sad, off to my room to cry
I hate sleeping in a totally dark room. It scares meee. 
@aldrocks ahh I miss joe lol. he's supposed to come back before or after all star break. they don't know if there is room for him tho 
@haleyxfax i can't get back into the room 
hasn't left my room all day 
It is so hot in my room that i have to sleep down stairs and my family just so happens to be watching a war movie downstairs 
drinking a bottle of wine alone in a hotel room in denver. wish i was back home  boooo united airlines!!
Packing up my room. We're getting the flat's carpet removed, and wooden floorboards installed next week. 
@tomricci I'm supposed to be tidying my room, I have so much to do before I go out! 
stupid ac doesn't work in my room 
there were murderer's in my room last night 
There's a moth in my room, so I can't sleep 
These are the days i wish i had my own room 
@lostwithoutsara im pretty sure its the hustlers chat room, but i can't find it 
Home! ah, last time I make a deal with my sister  She said if she could go on my laptop she'll tidy my room - BUT SHE DIDN'T &gt;:[ evil!!!
i miss my room @ uni, this one looks like a bomb hit it 
have to clean my room to day  
Almost finished packing by room up. It looks so empty 
lunch with nan, tidy room 
cleaned downstairs now to begin upstairs  why me?
@Waisybabu well I will leave when the match begins, I don't have TV in my room  #PakCricket
My hoody has been on the floor in @garethness' room and now it smells funny 
Wishes there was ventilation in his room. 
Oh, @imoneawesomekid is sick. So i have to sleep in my parent's room on their floor. 
Why do I wake up to a 90 degree room? 
my room is now the kids' play room.  
is tidying my room 
is sooo thirsty but I can't get out of my room to go across the living room to the dining room to get any drinks 
There was a fly in my room i hit it, it twitched, i sprayed it with axe, it twitched, i tried to move it with a fan. It got up... 
My room is too hot. I already packed my fan.  
@phdinparenting His leg got stuck in the crib bars (he slept w/is at night. He was so traumatized he'd scream if I took him near his room 
Cleaning my room 
my room is SO SO SOOOOoooOOOOOOooO messy  i'll let ya know when it's clean. could take a few years though.. bare with me.
finally making our way downstairs to band room..long day..and it seems like there is never enough time to do anything 
Supposed to be cleaning my room 
Painting my new room rather than going to movie night with my new roomies 
had to help my mom with my room, and missed out talking to chris. 
At home  i need to clean the bathroom and my room 
In the emergency room 
i'm in a bad mood because i know i won't be able to sleep. this room is like a sauna 
board as wat is there to do ???? ive cleaned  my room .. read a little bit ..but still totally freaking board 
It's hot and mum said my room smells like a brewery 
@casualcottage He won't sleep without us in the room - cried almost all night! 
I wasn't an instant winner... there won't be 5 bearded men playing metal in my living room. 
Laying under my desk in studio. I have a feeling I am going to ne sleeping here tonight 
has to clean her room 
@jackiepry  I'm not leaving my room until i get a bike. 
back and all set up in the conf room but no team. 
@PinkTwitFan Okayy  I hate tidying my room  Its a mess lol
Walking to underground pub was not such a good idea in long sleeves   Bout to strip in the server room!!!
i am so hyper yet bored. its not a good mix when i am confined to my room which doesnt even have enough room to crazy dance in.  bad times
its well too hot in this room 
why is it sooo horribly cold in my room!?? I'm freaking out! really.. 
just got back to the room from the beach. boredddd. and waiting to get in the shower. 
really oughta think about sorting her mess of a room out...and packing 
my room still smells of cream 
went in the steam room while at the spa with @maddione but it actually hurt a bit where it was so hot on my face 
I am happy! But my room is a mess...   
Just fed the dogs and they repay me but gassing me outta the sitting room!! 
i'm sick of cleaning! but my room is the last thing &amp; will probably take me the longest. 
My room is so ridiculously hot that all my chocolate has gone soft. 
@nileyxlove it's rockstar!! haha this hallway confused me 
ugh i need to do laundry. and clean my room.  i really wish it would just do its self
@jayvanity i have been naked all day lol, no ac in my room. 
Is super paranoid right now. There's a mosquito in my room 
do what? want to go back la...hotel old old one 
call me a sucker if you want but i walked in my room and saw my sisters cap and gown and started crying. 
call me a sucker if you want but i walked in my room and saw my sisters cap and gown and started crying. 
@TatiBaybee awwww you should see him in this room girl..... 
@XkissthecupidX pshhh, you and jordan better make some room for meeeee! 
ughhh my room is sooo eefing hott 
i was cleaning my room untili got distracted by youtube 
My fan is loud as hell, but sleeping without it on is not an option....why is my room the only one that feels 100 degrees in this house?? 
washroom incident.  bottom floor laudry room not working while in mid cycle 
My brother kicked  me out of the only xbox compatable room  
Cleaning my room... 
I miss my old room at my old house...it was much bigger than my current room... 
i loove the beach but i hate sharing this room. 
I feel like dancing in my room but there's NO SPACE! 
@BrendaMejia haha is it cool with you if I just go to the treadmill in the other room.  YES! I'm that that lame 
I can't find my pouch with 8 euros in it  i've lost it somewhere in the hotel room...
@alonzolerone they kicked me out the room  i cant get back n
@LucasRegester haha nice, i had no room in my bag to get one earlier today 
@meaghankayye oh so I guess my room just isn't cool enough for you. 
@PoopyMcPooprson but why?  &amp; what do you exactly do working in a cube? The last I heard you were working at a hotel. Haha so long ago.
emergency room 
im so upset i keep going into my room sitting on my bed and crying my eyes out ! i really was looking forward to nationals 
@janeybelle15  I am indeed  fancy coming to keep me company??I could show you the server room ;)
is wondering if it's sunny outside yet; stuck in a darkened room with no windows 
g2g clean room 
@sapphire_city these are the times when i wish that i still had that bathroom in my room like i did back in georgia 
Waiting. I feel really sick, I need my room 
my room is a mess already and i only cleaned it today 
@toootsies ... not pathetic at all  poor you! I once left my bed room for 2 days cos there was one in it!
I take that back, apparently it's just my room 
@aaronshapiro what happened to your window A/C? I had one desk fan on, and I put my monster fan in my room too, which dried my throat out 
@danni0908 if you help me do my room 
george flew out about 2 hours ago  mixed feelings, sad to see her go, glad to have my room back and space!!!
Lol cheer up fat Asian blob. I'll see meeeee yay ugh I bruised my elbow today cleaning my room 
Ops I forgot to tweet 26 length at the pool yesterday...650m....loads of room for improvement 
yo, morninnnnn! didn't go to sleep until lateeeee  i can never sleep in in my room! fml
WAR room here i come 
@Kevykevykelvin yea I live in the living room but it closes quite early so couldn't go there last night 
Once, I told him a story about ghosts being in my room.. For days, he talked about being very afraid. This kid knows how to heal himself. 
re-booting my room 
@digitaldocs oh and that one, but the one before the talk ended inside the room, u know delegates asking questions at mic  When me c'ing u
@jackhii n i got yr pic posing in the server room .. 
sorted out the room issue - we'll have a new flatmate from sunday 
@mileycyrus ...happy, you deserve it  (ran out of room on the last one)
room service. 
@MarkBerry555 is it just the furnature in the living &amp; dining rooms? I can remember where everything goes and I've only been there twice 
@feliciaday I LOVE escape the room games, you just became my hero 
on marthastewart.com finding new ideas for my room when i move 
I actually went around my room, soundproofing it with sheets under the doors to my room for this event  #asot400
@gollygeedamn I agree-some sweet typography and graphics! Looks good in any room 
@melissamelisse in a pinch, seems like it could be pulled off. and my room is spotless, of course 
@summersoudelier Don't forget you're upstairs, and I can easily keep you there... 
@jendhi tias room is now complete 
@LeslieIsBomb at least you don't have to lock yourself in your room to get away from stupid people. 
@MusashiBeats nope!! Lol.. Weeell I could go to my room... But they hate that!! Lol.. Its only good living here cuz they like to feed me! 
i'm sitting drinking pinot in the lounge 
@clogsilk when football comes on, I leave the room anyway 
finished cleaning my room 
@lizard6 thought of G while sweeping out the porch. thought of that room &amp; all the lovely times we had to help with the sandbags. 
@JRobz i loved the lunch room scene... i really did not think i was going to like it but i did...pure awesomeness 
atmosphere killed it. killers are playing right now. can't wait to get back to hotel room.  #coachella
@lateralacid hehe. If I had a lounge big enough... 
@AshTizFan my sister wanted me to come to her room 
sitting in my room and relaxing   xd
Loving the new room. 
Going home to paint the living room/hallway 
say it ain't so, someone just dragged me out of bed to have brunch. I say room service 
@arjbarker http://twitpic.com/3l8cg - You're dressing room F, he's room E. I think we know who comes first 
@BevyJean72  I'm hoping so...maybe I can pay for a hotel room with the sales LOL!!!
@MonVoyageNeon no, your painting is staying put in the dining room - we bought a new something for the bedroom 
had enough revising, now off to tidy my room which has got gradually worse and worse over the holidays, then watch south park 
that?s where i be living for now. funny how have the whole house to myself and wound up in the corner of the smallest room...cozy 
in the conference room!! 
in my room, got my mums laptop and i'm listening to hot 30 
Sitting in my hotel room, doing the open top bus tour tomorrow 
@kimthegreat Me toooooo! Only nicer hotel room this time! 
Trying to get the attention of the person in the next room 
loving my new room at dago asri 
room service again 
chilling in the hotel room. waiting to shower. 
watching friends   ... planning on organizing the storage space in my basement tomorrow ...
@alijog aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah room to breath, pressure's off 
just got the TV fixed up in the room!! 
Enjoying my new room 
enjoy conversing through text messages with people in the same room.  my roommate is my faaavorite!
i love all time low(L) ++ room 94 
I'm cleaning my room.. or eny way I'm trying to.. 
@quiggs25 ya ur room is a mess...my room looks perfect as usual 
Going to clean my room and do a small workout! 
working on getting my little girl to clean her room 
Cleaning my room like never before! I want to have everything sparkling for when I leave town, so when I come back my room is spotless 
what a messy room!!! mygosh! I need reorganize it before the crop! 
just sittin here chillin.... eatting mini chips ahoys   listen to bree clean her room yuppie
painting my room with kyle 
cheap flight via @VirginAmerica and decently priced rooms at the intercontinental with free parking (!). i think i'm ready for wwdc 
packing up my whole room 
shopped all day and is now deciding to clean her room! 
i have digital antennae cable in my room nowww! it is soooooooooo nice... i've never had TV in my bedroom!! thx brother howie 
Cleaning my room.. 
I like this small room  (but I'll prefer the attic )
never has to leave her room again now. 
is going to help mum decorate the dining room soooon - promise!! 
Just about to get the keys to my new room and move some stuff in 
In the staff room. Its boring but i need to sit down 
@alexisessa But being in a cubicle means seclusion to me!!!! 
@skyjuly TV is across the room, sans headphone jacks...it can wait until after noon, when she eventually wakes up. 
@juicystar007 wow blair  can you do a room tour when your finished?
Listening to 'Forever' as i clean my room. then off  to go biking later. 
Cleaning room, blah, then church  tan after?
@ohukrnyc A room with four people with four MacBooks is a happy room indeed! 
@buckhollywood heyyyyyyy im in the main room 
@oliviamunn i love my space heater &lt;3 keeps my room toasty. 
@ekblum solid reason but I will miss sitting in the living room being a bum with you! 
http://twitpic.com/4j32y - So... This is going in my room. Theres more 
Is listening to music while ...folding laundry &amp; cleaning her room 
@MyTypeOne it would be fun, we have a sleeper sofa in the living room, the house is in good shape  you get to have poms on your lap :-D
damn me and maston just rearranged my wholllleeee room and cleaned it after like 5 years. looks so bomb 
@WarrenYip dude ur trippin... i went upstairs the same time u did haha. in my room now on the computer 
Cleaning my room and listening to britney.  
@wonko42 and staff rooms, It will be intersting to see how K12 faces this when every kid has a laptop 
@Snowgirl1972 have to avoid the burning desire to say I already have one  no, no room for piglets, just enough room for chucks
curious if they fixed the window handle in our room in the meantime  #edc
@PaperCakes lol, I haven't made anything yet, I've just spread all my supplies out over the dining room table 
Finally got all 7 overdue books out of the little room and into my now overstuffed back pack! 
@msmommyw She could spend the rest of the night in her room.  At least ONE of you could be happy with a glass of wine.    #surlytween
took 8 trips to basement to move books from my room - i have a floor again 
Finally making some headway in the family room!  Home is finally begining to look like it!  btw dial up can go die!
@michellephant it was nice, we didn't stay long because we all got a hotel room. 
sleepy time! and, my room is finally clean. 
@cookiedorksx3 Me too,but i'm goitn to go to shower!And cleanin' up my room and later eat somethin' 
I'm calling your room-mate!!!  
#f1 in a few hours guess who is sleepin in the living room 
just chilling out in my room on the computer 
@viters the hotel should be thankful 
just finish clean up my computer/guest room's cupboard! my stuffs 
the sunset view is SO beautiful from my room! 
Going to hoover my room, then find all odd bits of cash around my room. 
Cleaning my room before we go to dinner! 
tidying up her room a bit 
my room is finally finished, so glad I chose this color 
my room is finally cozy clean 
@Conniedr thanks so much, I had so much fun making it, and my mom loved it!  She displays it in her living room 
My room is almost back to normal and the computer room is now my studio 
@beauche My room 
? stuck in a room of staring faces. caught in a nightmare, can't wake up.. fucking the best song ever 
Painting my new awesome room 
@krystynchong maybe the room is too warm  
@bakenate My plan is rio so i can book you a room in the same hotel  we can find dumb pretty men lol
@leekingx3 They actually did! I let them run around my dorm room &amp; I could call them out by name. 
@jelefant I want a kit-studio.  I've got the room for it.  
@room2breathe come to oubad chat 
It'a really cozy here, on the couch in the living room, in the dark, listening to the rain crash on the window 
@chasonice you might want to try me, I can tell your daughter to clean her room without wearing your voice out. 
@schtimpy27 ha, my dorm room was plastered with Patriots stuff, back in the day.  I'd love to see yours! XD
@LithiumJunkie I'm at the hotel and it's on 
@xDirtyBurdx now im sitting in living room watching tv lol gave up.. 
thrashed! againn =( &amp; by carlton!! mega gay! i will blast music and clean my room 
mariz is scared to kill the big giant moth in her room  id be tooo!
going shopping for stuff to put in my room!!and now,looking at the roses babe gave me..they are so lovely 
@madnessletter O yea...plenty of spacy room indeed 
got a new bed  ..and completly re-vamped my room !!
BOOMboomBOOMboom....i want u in my room 
@danawalker i stayed at the residence inn in harrisburg!  i wanted to stay in hershey but rooms were exxxpensive!!
in the 3 y.o. room at @destinychurch!! love the kiddos!! 
cleaning up my room, with the music blasting.  
A little coffee in the dining room before heading out to church... 
@HeckaHandsome why do think we always asked you to smile in a dark room? lol 
what a glorious morning! i'm hanging out in the living room with sadie while catches up on his zzz's 
I want to see @iPatxx 's room. 
About to take a shower, then move some furniture around and set up my room. 
picking up my room it is so messy and i can not stand it ugh i hate messy things lol 
i have a free room at foxwoods 
Going to tidy my room!! 
Loves having a clean room! 
Wandering around my room, considering playing dress-up? 
making a den in karens front room. feels like im 12 again. fun times 
@jamiepotter A classic stone cottage in the middle of nowhere with veg gardensolar panels&amp;a media server you can access from every room 
just keeping it all good. about to go back to my room and do some stuff. 
I'm in my room eating some of my mom's amazing noodles. I know you're jealous 
my mums clearing my room!  i love my mummy
Is raving in my room  lol while cleaning it haha
I should use the computer at the living room -- it is tempting to drink *cups* of coffee in the kitchen. 
@MarkCliff taking 1 for the team is what i'm all about  is beautiful, yes. wasn't travelling alone, just had my own room. arrivied, raided
just cleaned my entire room and organized my closet so nice. i feel refreshed 
@theflyingpinto thank you so much, i'm going to need some friendly faces in the crew room  i'll let you know when i get my transfer
@ianlatham I think i'll have a clear out later,make room for goodens  How's you?
@iamsoandso one of their friends had a room. it's a hotel, dearest. 
...locked in my room listening to music and surfing the internet. that's basically what i do all day 
I should probably not be so insanely happy today?! I have no idea why I am but grooving around my room is so fun! 
... access their browser. And cameras in all corners of every room - don't get me started! 
@ciaranokeeffe wet towel on the radiator in his room overnight will help his chest 
mummy bought me new shinpads because i cleaned my room  haah yayy
Its cool in the living room but hot in my room...I guess I'm sleepin on the couch 2nite..its comfortable but not like my bed 
@byrnesyliam get yourself down to the prayer room too!!!  work on that visa down there!!!
@byrnesyliam get yourself down to the prayer room too!!!  work on that visa down there!!! http://bit.ly/rqWzh
-finally done with my room  sweet.
@henros88 I adore you, I really do&lt;3 AND I'm curious to see what will happen if we're ever locked up in a small room with a moth!  x
we'll get the same hotel-room like last summer, wohoo!!! 
Fighting bronchitis.  I will be back when I'm a little less medicated and the room stops spinning. 
@mananb its near twister, everone is moving ... but the rent is high ... so thinking of shearing a room with some one ... 
Wow. The next time I sit and watch Desp. Housewvs., I will be in a dorm room 
Wow, network connection in the tea room 
Wants a vending machine in her room 
loving my new room changes! i heart my new bedside table  its so wicked
@john_lafemina why get a hotel room when we have our own bedroom!!! 
aww, my neighbours cat is climbing along the wall outside the computer room window! sweeet 
i now have sky in my room, i love it!    i really do have the cold now 
On the plane. Blagged my extra leg room   .
Is chilling with @wolfhudson in his room 
i'm reinventing my room.. 
I'm up. It's still early but I feel good  I'm going to organize my room. This is a process to polish my success ;)
sitting in the living room.the sun is shining through the windows.drinkin coffee,listening to good music.. 
Sitting in the seminar room at school, on his macbook 
room tidy--&gt; sunbathing with a good book 
Prettypinkpearl chat room has just launched!  
painting my room  fun funfun
i actually love mixing trance  got the discolights up in my room....raveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Going to the green room to chill with fob  with @justbeinkelly
that's enough of my room now 
@heyvonway LOLLLL! let me come over and clean your room 
yay new rooms in pet society 
Starting to pack  cant wait to see all my important people but i will miss my room !!
i love coming out to the family room and finding dolls, blankies, alphabet books, and winnie the pooh movies all over the floor 
listening to forever the sickest kids in the hotel room 
watching the bachelorette again because watching it in a room of girls all yapping away calls for a second viewing  but i still love them.
getting a new room tomorrow!! 
@SarahTondryk I know but my room is such a pigstye that I had to clean it up before I could lay down... I'm basically asleep in my chair 
hanging out with aaron in my room 
summer project, painting @devss room with backstabbers?!?! 
@audry986 holy crap, room for some testosterone? 
Morning sunshine in my living room!   http://mobypicture.com/?d4id27
@frealityy Not at all.  I just didn't have room for defined sarcasm... 
 Getting ideas for my room revamp! 
Being productive is fun  now it's time to clean my room.
Waiting outside of Megans dorm room 
is needing to clean his room...but not really wanting to...i'm so lazy! 
cleaning my dirty room.. 
@TerryStorch As long as I can screw up my own hotel reservation and hang with y'all instead, I'm in! 
watching a movie and laying on a short couch.  With room to spare 
@taylorswift13 just be glad the remote wasn't in ANOTHER room   Though the TV might have been closer 
a clean room is a happy room! 
Is the room spinning, or is it just my records...or was it all that wine...no matter...it sounds good in here 
http://twitpic.com/666ne - chilling in @darkstar001 's room 
is amazed at all the crap found while cleaning my room at 2 in the morning 
Plans for today, actually clean my room, actually tidy my room, change bedding, and then chill. 
