Most common words for this cluster:
[('sad', 799), ('day', 97), ('today', 56), ('quot', 52), ('face', 42), ('i', 36), ('time', 32), ('http', 31), ('news', 29), ('home', 28), ('night', 27), ('work', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sad', 0.941635012626648), (u'Saddest', 0.6454921364784241), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.6397053003311157), (u'SFist_Tonight', 0.6389462351799011), (u'Aaaaah', 0.6355235576629639), (u'Weekly_Shriek', 0.6270883083343506), (u'Kimzolciak', 0.6245056390762329), (u'gerry_davies', 0.6230039000511169), (u'Man_Donates_Kidney', 0.6200398802757263), (u'Sorry', 0.6186575293540955)]





@naughtyhaughty I had on my page for sooooo long!!! Until it got deleted  Sad day in history
Bah! Just found out we didn't win a pitch because the client felt the team didn't click. What are you sayin? We're not cool enough? Sad. 
Just got Florida spring football game email. Sad I never made it to one, and that I can't go this year either 
Sad! Chris has to work on Easter 
yep, say hello to $1.29 #iTunes downloads, the #new #standard for #high-quality, #over-priced #digital #downloads. #Sad, sad day. 
Sad day!!!!. Totally thought it was Wednesday this morning! It's only tuesday! Gosh.... Sad day 
Ahhhh I can't believe RJ is leaving!!  I think it finally hit me... Sad and half drunk at work someone come visit me!
Sad day. Cleaned my bike up last night, started it, ready to go. This morning - no start. C left for Prescott w/o me. 
Brittany needs help fixing her BlackBerry!!! Sad day 
@nyfritz The concert was pretty awesome. Their banter and interaction with the crowd was even better than the music. Sad about One-Acts. 
Going to Kyle's ceremony for his deployment to Iraq. Sad day 
Sad way to end the game.  Citi is pretty. #citifield #mets #brewers
Sad face at Charlie's last scheduled video 
Sad news Daddy backed into a pole and put a large dent in the Prius 
Read the book the strange case of benjamin button by francis scott Fitzgerald ... Sad end  leave hearts broken &lt;/3
What a horrible ufc, the silva fight was pathetic. Sad end to chuck Liddell 
Look at those seats emptying. Sad night in Portland. 
Watching &quot;Casino Royale&quot; (blu-ray), I cannot tell how better the pic quality is...  Sad 
Richmond=Sad Panda 
Sad Dale Jr is doing so hot this season  Hang in there Jr! I'll always be a fan! &lt;3 &lt;3
Ok. Time to head home. Sad to leave the dancing but the knee really hurts.   I am SO sleeping in tomorrow!
Sad about what happened to Madonna, paps who caused it should take the fall. So insensitive. 
Forensic Files will blow ur mind. A reality that anyone can be a killer. Sad but true. 
Sad because night of singin' at someone's apartment (which is practically right next to the Eiffel Tower) was cancelled. Everyone's away! 
I just need some sleep! and a new GF...  Sad Nate is sad...
Sad that my bro is leaving today  don't leave me Khal!!!
i said goodbye to Merran as she leaves for her 3 week trip to america to see Richie. Sad, dont want her to leave 
@davebull If I get 1 billion people to do this, perhaps the centuries age for some part of the Antartica will not melt last month. Sad 
Wow that's one Cool tattoo!  And the story behind it's well Sad  but yeah...The tattoo is cool 
Sad about not winning tickets for Brit....    Heard she was great!  Off to the  &quot;Farmers Market&quot;   with my love.
Sad to hear that JG Ballard has passed away 
Fun 35 mi ride this morning, not too windy. Sad to hear F. Schleck crashed but thank goodness he's okay!  Andy finished 10th, next yr...
is back in office after a sport-filled weekend.Sad that I'll miss watching most of the IPL matches 
me, @blacksocialite &amp; @Cause4Conceit -- are cleaning out our Twitter accounts! Sad to see some of u all go! 
Pumped that the Nuggets won!!! Sad that the Rockies lost 
It was Sad seeing my Big bro scot leve today  Hes flying back to FL
@mclaughj woah! The cmd + ` doesn't even work to bring the focus back to the main #Tweetie window. Sad! 
Sad to hear the Silver Slipper closed 
@princesskimbers Wait, you didn't like The Tennant? Sad face. 
[mplstweets] Sad I won't be @citcon Minneapolis at the end of the week  on the other hand, there .. http://tinyurl.com/c6ywqg
Sad    Am going to see Soozie...
Sad news. The buckle on my Universal Studios fanny pack broke. 
Sad my Griffs lost 2-1 after holding a 1-0 lead starting the third 
@PeterSantilli I just took a crap. Sinkers, dunno shape but took enough time to read all tweets. Crap is best part of my day. Sad my life 
@TimHull it usually is. Nearby gangs. Sux. Some 14 yo kid killed a 16 yo last week. Retaliation I guess. Sad. 
@hellivina Busy planing for the cruise, buying stuff and designing door decorations. Fell roller skating and hurt myself last night  Sad
Sad that Jaymi and I weren't able to go to Mika's party. We had no transpo 
Sad  I lost one of my idols Danny Gans, R.I.P.
Sad that the dvr was messed up. there goes all my recorded Smallville 
Sad to see Momma #2 leaving 
Saw Earth last night - very good cinematography.  Sad at some parts   Disney did a good job on this one.
Watching the final episode of Pushing Daisies.  Sad sad day 
FUCK, the car dealerships aren't open tomorrow  Sad panda.
@mrsaimeehorton We have just been un-baby-proofing! Took the stairgate's down yesterday  Sad times! xx
Half-cancelled due to severe weather in Irving  now I have to drive back to Tyler this am in severe weather, having not run 13 miles. Sad
Sad to see Ricky Hatton knocked out  http://tinyurl.com/dbzp2z
 Leaving. Unhappy about it but if I walk 4M in rain I will get sick. Sad tho.
Sad to think the Spectrum will be gone. 
@tpurves @elisinger How was the drinkup last night? Sad I missed my first CC ever. 
@stephenfry Heartbreaking! 
Sad being at hotel with them taking all the Eclipse stuff down 
Not a fan of the male population right now. Heart broken and getting kicked while I'm down and out. Sad face 
@AnalystAlterEgo Oh yeah, it was something. Sad thing is, it`s happening everyday...  #BreakingBad
Soooo tired! Sad I missed Day 26 at stanford today 
@tailsn Sad Panda could always try posting again? 
Off to work again. Heather and baby are making a trip to Cape without me. Sad face 
@free_iz_me Frustrating, no? 
@1stopmom Me too, I just got done watching Prison Break.  Sad to see it all end next week 
finished one assignment! and is now watching Flight 93...  Sad movie!
ummm...in case you were wondering, M-ville night life is way sad. Way. Sad. 
Sad. My roommate is moving. Gonna miss that girl 
@DrMegan81 Yeah I saw that one last night. Sad  Him even attempting it though was very commendable!
Sooooooooo tired! And I forgot my pillow. Sad day!  @ Paragon Dynamics http://loopt.us/D-j5_Q.t
On the plane, still uberdrunk, but otherwise okay, roaring to go. Sad to leave my friends &amp; don't wanna leave the great PBI area. 
Sad how I cud be forgotten, just like that... Kaching! 
@mistywabbit Nope. Sad to say it's quite common, almost the norm.... 
@pinwheelstars Sad news for Houston fans like me. 
Sad because I didn't get a Wii fit from my husband... actually didn't get anything. 
Sad-------I didnt get tickets 2 NIN/JA in Albuquerque and it sold out 
At the airport. Don't wanna go home. Sad Abi is sad 
Sad.  has to be at work till 1030 -Dottie&lt;3
@PharoBCool nothing really just got finished hanging with Nya for the whole 15 min i got to see her on Mothers day   &lt;-- Super Sad Face
Saddest thing is when you love a band that isn't very big &amp; they're your own little secret, then they blow up and become pop sensations. 
Whisper hello, I miss you quite terribly!  Sad that my beef is leaving soon!
Sad day for a Canucks fan 
Sad  bummed out? Bleh..
Dunzo with the uniform fitting...lost several girls. Sad for coach calderon 
Omg my car won't start! Sad day! 
Sad to see Mr Gokey go home tonight 
Sad. No more Mr. Gokey 
@sinatrabean Agreed. I LOVE Simon Pegg and was excited to see that he was in it, but after watching he didn't have very many lines. Sad. 
@TheRealMattL You were the best thing in Hollyoaks, then you died! Sad times 
Saddened by the loss of Gokey.  
had a great time with the grandsons and last night got to visit w/great neices.  Sad day as they all head back east to Philly and MD.  
Sad Danny Gokey didn't make it. Unbelievable 
In a firefighting mode for the past 24 hours. Phew! Sad day yesterday 
@KirstieMAllsopp Sad that the last ep is so close, hope LLL comes back soon...sorry to hear about the chin too 
@DerekBerry Glassjaw is the shit! Sad day when I had to retire my glassjaw hoodie because the zipper broke   Head Automatica rocks too.
@CornHazard Keep up the great work Marc! Miss you bud! You certainly have a servants heart. Did you hear Buddy is no longer with us?  Sad.
Feeling pretty lonely this weekend. All work, no play. Home alone and no word from anyone! Sad times 
Sad I'm missing Long Beach Pride 
and Prison Break's over. Prolly the most captivating shows I've seen in my life. Sad ending... 
Saw the movie &quot;Earth&quot; &amp; cried because my daughter started to cry during one of those &quot;circle of life&quot; moments. Sad movie for her. 
Tonight was the best ever. Sad octavian wants to go sleep instead of going to brie's 
Every group or couple I have walked past today have been bitching about their 'friends'. Makes u wonder. Sad. But I've done it too.  #fb
We are boarding a plane for Atlanta... Sad.  headed home.
Sad day! @ airport saying goodbye to my sister for 2yrs. She's leaving for Purdue. 
I totally love Eurovision! Sad that I missed Rove though 
Time to revise Bio. Sigh. Sad face. 
I am out of Dr. Enuf. Sad times. 
Felt Sad that DC did not win..I hate to see Priety Zinta win 
Just found out my Bachelorette boyfriend is...a BREAKDANCING INSTRUCTOR! Sad.  See my FB photos for reference.
Really needed last night! It was great! Sad kitty kat is gone and haj soon  bbuuutttt Miami is calling me name !!!!
Sad.. He's gone.. Won't be seing him for another 2 weeks... 
Just watched the two last episodes of #PrisonBreak. Quite an ending. Sad its over.. 
Neighbor got a new dog and 'Happy' is missing. Sad that he isn't comfy anymore. Hurt bad anke again yest morn. go to dr tom, 
Gr8 weekend!! SOOO tired! had a gr8 visit w/ @dolphin1973 &amp; family!!! Sad 2 C them go  Was wondrful 2 catch up again, jst like old times!
enjoyed the rest of her evening! Sad day for going to work at the YMCA tomorrow 
Last evening in palm springs... Sad  back to NYC at noon tomorrow.
Sad! According to http://is.gd/vQqq , Terminator was canceled [  ], and Kings, which I was thinking about starting, was canceled too.
Wow. Sad. I'm kinda over Metalhead. It's been months since I've been, but I just wasn't feelin' it.  I feel old.
woke up in his dream, thought he was going to Stamford Bridge then woke up for real. Sad 
@stefinraleigh Sad to hear the weirdos have found u! I've blocked 3 so far. All icky porn-ish sites. Why are they even on here??? Bleah! 
Sad I have to leave Austin 
Guy in India I work with delivered their baby today but he was stillborn. Sad times 
Sad about the C's.  But looking forward to the Sox!
@Agent_M Sad to hear man.  I know how it feels.
Sad to read at people.com that Ethan Zohn from Survivor Africa has cancer  Prayers are with him.
@Bloglue Heard that homeless population, especially among younger folks, has really grown in JPN over the past year. Noticeably true? Sad 
Sad - Sorrow - Weary - Disappointed 
Sad my iPod won't charge as fast as i want it to  &amp; mad at myself for napping yesterday... Tonight i can't sleep &amp; i have a long/busy day
Sad day at Sage Towers - spotify has been blocked 
Sad that Leah didn't come to school today 
A roller coaster of emotions in 8 hours - From Sid &amp; his Pens GREAT game to the loss of my dear Aunt Polly to ALS - Sad day today.  
@JakeQuinn re fog, I thought it was a cheap shot using the elements as a last line of defence. Ironic the fog enveloped the hurricane 
Sad that this group of interns are leaving  Going for a goodbye Thai in a minute! And drinks with the office tonight..
On my way to Tours. Sad to be away from my man for a few days  I will enjoy the family for now 
Ironic that the only thing worse than having to go to work is losing ones job 
Sad... Senior exams start today which means soon i'll be stuck without mnm forever...  and because one acts are this weekend and i cant go
Sad day...attending a funeral this afternoon! R.I.P. Franklin! Thoughts and prayers for Mi Amiga RR 
Sad day, end of an era, Helen M leaves today 
Heading to VW to return my rental car cause mine is done being worked on ... Sad 
Sad because ShoeDazzle does not ship overseas 
Sign of the times: Our daughter bruised her face on the playground. Now when I'm out with her, I can see &quot;abuser!&quot; in others' eyes. Sad 
Now she's on YouTube with a cheap wig and too much make up screaming for Jesus and proselytizing about who knows what!  Sad days abound.
@micaylakeeley I ran over a dead squirrel with a lawn mower once. Saddest thing ever. At least it was already dead. But it was messy. Ew 
Sad she wont be @echohattix little helper today   , but will reunite soon!!!! awww man... sorry sis, &quot;Marcus&quot; has left the building..lol
@cherbear1830 Quite possibly... Sad day  You plan on hanging out in lex awhile? Can I join?
Sad! The Roths dog got out. I love that clusmy cute puggle, jessy!  they are calling animal control tomarrow! Best wishes jessy &lt;3
Humph. . . Why does high school have so much drama  Sad Face
Sad that I have to come back to Montgomery tomorrow. 
Ironic how people fly in and out of your life. When you try to grab 'em they seem to fly away faster. 
According to sources, an explosive-laden Suzuki van has broke the barriers and exploded near Rescue 15 building. Very Sad 
@ARIESsyrille I just read the news and watched an interview with Mike talking about it and it almost made me teary.  Sad news 
@itsniquey yes it was def. Intense me n @ATVWATCHME were def. Sad!! 
Oooh. Ranat updated her blog for the first time in about a MONTH. Melikes. List of interesting other blogs. Except they're semi-lame?  Sad
Sad she didnt get her kids or farm with lots of animals . . . Uh oh this the end now 
Wowzer, I decided 2have some me time n take myseLf 2the movies, but urrrrah I didn't think I was gonna be the ONLY 1 in this mofo! Sad 
Mandeep Never talks to me ANYMORE!!! But yet he goes on twitter all the time, lol..............  Sad 
Sad that Christian Lacroix had to file bankruptcy 
Very Sad.... please get better Grandma 
My face an my arms. Tragic. Seriously. 
@jerseyzmorenita: Sad But True  :: I SHouldnt Right?
ConGrats to all Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing &amp; Big Deal! I wish i cudve attended my lil man Ryan Kdg Graduation..  Feel verY Sad!
Broke Up with girlfriend, FEELING Very lonely and heartbroken  Sad times guys (N)
Sad day in the office. Glad it's Friday. Like to get away from this for a while. Poor co-worker just lost her son. 
Sad that our neighbors just cut down ALL the trees around their house! It looked so pretty before, and they seemed healthy.  Tragic.
 Flash lost my frisby on a roof. Sad days LOL
Sad because A Skylit Drive's new songs don't sound as good as I had hoped. 
On my way to get the crate and Bella Dolce!!!! Sad cuz @livingdeaderin is going tto Richmond 
Sad. I don't know what to do with my life. Everything I have done since the age of 16 has been towards healthcare and nursing 
Still stupidly sick...cancelled our Philly trip. Sad day 
@Alexa997 Isnt it only like 3 episodes though? Sad 
excited to see &quot;UP&quot; for Logan's Birthday in 2 weeks. Sad he wont have a party bc he doesn't know any kids, tho. 
Omg i got a black eye from a deck of cards i choked on laffy taffy and i am officaly done with school.. Sad now 
@ringqvist seriously...it only gets sadder 
Last official WVBR DJ shift EVER! Sad Day   Listen online at wvbr.com.
Sad news - Young Quinland Building's white-gloved elevator operator has retired   http://tinyurl.com/ne6mlu
@glasgirl GAAAAAAASP I didn't know it will be the final one!!  Sad, I've been reading those books for years  
Sad that Gmail chat has died, so I can't help @natalidelconte 
Yea!  Headed home to change and head over to Pelham.  Sad thought... suposed to be heading over there for the NKOTB concert... 
Sad that I won't see Deb for two days.  
Sad news, after a week in the hospital, My uncle past away today. R.I.P. Uncle Tony 
Oh noes, Not Your Average Joes in Lexington is closing!  Sad 
So lathargic... Definitely need today to rest. Sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to 
Sad that when fitness center reopens will not have our Zumba class anymore.  Just found out today on our last class before closure.  
It SUCKS when my playmate is MIA all weekend.  Sad  
Out for an evening on the town with jeremy. Sad Carrie can't come 
Just hangin out.. Making some Chef BoyArDee..lol... Sad to be watching @LaurenConrad last show  on Sunday 
@travln1 So it looks like they went on sale at noon *today* and then sold out immediately, including the CCTV overflow rooms. Sad. 
Strasburg throws 15 K's. Pretty awesome. Sad part is, SDSU will probably end up losing to Virginia 5 - 1. 
Watching the guys play Marvel Alliance. Sad that the fourth controller is broken. 
just watched the trailer for Dear Jack.  Sad. I'm still planning on marrying him though.
Canceled my date tonight. It turns out, I am really not into him. Sad!  I wanted to. http://myloc.me/22NQ
Sad De is leaving 
Grandmother's Memorial tomorrow. Sad day to come. Not looking forward. 
 Sad Face...
I am watching Things we lost in the fire. Sooo Sad 
Pussycat Dolls are performing tonight @ Burswood Dome  Sad I won't be going.
Totally disappointed in Denver! Huge Sad Face 
Sad that my McFlurry is gone 
The movie &quot;UP&quot; from Pixar was great! Kinda Sad  But a #1 box office hit.
@BeccaInBalt So Sad about Phoenix. I can't imagine the PAIN. Burns are just horrible and over the whole body? I wanna cry!  ^..^
Sad I missed Leno's last tonight show 
Called my momma in aid of an emotional crisis. We're onna go out for a late-night snack. Sad friday's almost over 
Brandon Flowers is no longer on my trending topics. Sad sight 
Aw.  Sad to hear that Dorothy died last night. She wanted her husband to pick up her in a taxi, sweet.
#recomendo - The Twilight Sad - bem meu estilo , bem meu momento 
really sucked ass at bowling tonight. Tragic 
@HeroesObsessed  Nope I was sooo Sad!! 
@Duckman1221 yep.  I'm moving in with some friends in October to save money.  Sad, I know 
Sad times, well done Chelsea 
@goingmissing Sad that I'm not even in Supernatural fandom and I'd expect that 
Mom leaves today!  Sad!
@Karoli Shit. Sad to see your a spammaster. Now I guess I have to unfollow you too. 
Sad dog movies are the WORST 
~Spending &amp; relaxing with the SeaLions~ They are Sooooo cute.. Will be Sad to see them go away soon.... 
Homework = Sad 
Tired  Sad  Bored  Lonely 
#cats We had one of our outside cats get his paw injured, went to the vet and found out he was bitten. Sad news he has FIV or kitty AIDS! 
Sad that Hudson lost his battle with lymphoma.    some of his photos: http://www.flickr.com/photos/otisandlucy/sets/72157616794711783/
@webdesigner2 No. Because he'd be dead by now. Sad but true. 
@GloriaMonday Oh  I would love to meet up but I'm buried in film and literary theory with no hope of surfacing any time soon. Sad times 
@nickstarke dude I love you! Haha, we should LAN css some day I havnt even touched it in a while.. Sad day 
@Dannymcfly Promise something to me? back to CURITIBA in the next tour? Sad dont see you this year    You will not read but, whatever.
@Dannymcfly Promise something to me? back to CURITIBA in the next tour? Sad dont see you this year    You will not read but, whatever. ?
Distracted excitement of bgt has worn off. Feel like crap now. Sad phone call earlier. I don't want her money 
Sad that the Emerson Drive is coming to an end 
@Talsiach I know. Weird...And I've &quot;lost&quot; 4 Digg friends. Sad that I can't keep track of my Digg friends, huh?  I think 2 are banned.
Sad that the PA announcer has to request that hats be removed for the National Anthem. 
Sad that @melissaeratose and @etothedoublen and I can't make it to The Prospect show tonight 
Sad  Praying for my mom's bff and her family
is so happy that there's finally one of the as-yet-unaired &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot; on tonight!   Sad that there are only three left. 
Sad. Thinking about rooting for the Kobes if Orlando goes to the finals. 
Just got home from work...  on a saturday! What's going on??? Sad about my Cavs...
Saw dead sea lion on the beach today. Sad and stinky. 
&quot;The Directorate can't assassinate the failwhale.&quot; - Msg I got from #spymaster  Sad...
The Randolph kids show was amazing!  P and A were superstars!  (Never a doubt!)  Sad to have to leave 
Sad . . .the Cavs are down 
Sad night for Cleveland 
Sad that the Cavs lost 
Sad to get a text on my newly returned phone telling me that Shores Restaurant, our fab wedding venue, is closing down!!  Love that place.
Didnt really feel like doing anything today!! Sad about some things!!  Church tomorrow!
Sad that the Cav's Lost......  Lebron if you need a hug i'm free to give you one hahaha.
Holiday inn drama.. Wth. Sad last day. 
Um where did #ontd go?? Sad 
Last day of the holidays - Richard Sad 
Bored. Sad. Uneasy. GR 
I'm home. Sad to be home. Vaca was cool but I was done there. I don't know where I want to be 
Good luck to Scotland at the IRB 7s at Murrayfield today. Let's top last week's great achievement! (Sad I'm not there.  BOO!).
ouch, I am very sunburnt   but I've had a great few days with Katha!  Sad she's gone home now though  xx
Just spoke to sophia, she's 5 today! Sooo grown up, almost don't recognise her over the phone! Sad that I'm not there today  x
Sad about last nights game. I was really looking forward to seeing Kobe against Labron. 
Sad my Mama is gone home 
I finished SJ Full House!! \/ :&quot;&gt; Sad ending. 
Our batsmen smashd the targt with ease. Sad bit: i didnt get to bat  bt we won... Thus :-D
Is already up... Ughh work today! Which means I won't be able to make it to church.. Sad 
Dontcha wish your bug bite looked big like this? Dontchaaa?!?! Sad panda  http://twitpic.com/6c0xd
Leonard Cohen at red rocks this week and I am not going. Sad  
Prison Break is over, wow, that was emotional. Sad to see it finish 
Sad to be leaving Sweden  lots of fun
Arrived in Seattle. Sad the trip is over so soon. 
Heading back to Austin to pick up gav &amp; papotz. I miss them! Sad to be going back home and away from sissy though... 
Sad that Traci is feeling the effects of the pre-Africa trip shots on such a hot weekend. 
17-year-old half sib told me that my father didn't want me, etc.  I let her have it.    Sad for Dad.
Pheonix is amazing... Sad to leave today 
Today I am going to sleep early. It is 1:30A.M. Sad part: Tomrw I hav to goto office  Anyway this is my tweet #200. Weekend comes 2 an end
@epiphanygirl  Sad I didnt win, but I know that you will put on a good show...Congrat to the winners
watching ER. Sad that it is coming to an end. 
Sad.  Confused. :S Why? :'(
Sad the last Titanic survivor, Millvina Dead, died. A moment in time no longer touched by a living person. 
@kinagrannis you know what? In my rush to leave, i forgot to take a picture with you and your family. Sad day  - Timmy
Sad story this one  http://bit.ly/7GU8A U hav to wonder if Obama's pro-choice stance is a genuine threat to his life.
Sad to see the Kobe/Lebron puppets go... 
Lobby Tempest! For the last time... Sad 
@bobmock Wow, talk about an over-reacting radical.  I have a book, Un-Christian, about the negative stereotypes of Christians. Sad.
Sad the weekend is over  Back to school tomorrow but no more work!! Bittersweet..
Sad that my best friends are going home to Oz tomorrow   Better start saving so I can afford to go to Perth in 18 months time!
Doing some homework and watching the Braves play. Sad the weekend is almost over 
Sad that im leaving KRISTEN  gonna miss  her walking into my room at 7 in the morning to wake me up.
Disappointed that BU baseball season ended today. Sad that @equusbeth is sick. 
Had a great weekend with Jer. Sad it's over so soon. 
@jamiruth  Sad face for Mo today...hope she's feeling better and not just tough!
Sad day, just left Maggy at the airport. 
Off to dinner at my brother's place. Sad I'll miss the game once again   Go #RedWings!!
Sad to leave @emberlivi behind in Columbus 
Sad, my main man @DeeTee3 still bumping &quot;Swagger Like Us&quot; on &quot;11&quot;. 
I had to switch streams and now I have NBC. Sad. 
@KrisAllenmusic Blown away?!?! For real? All was well and the awful CGI werewolf transition...into a fluffy puppy dog?!?!? Sad 
@KrisAllenmusic Blown away?!?! For real? All was well until the awful CGI werewolf transition...into a fluffy puppy dog?!?!? Sad 
Sad. Tracy goes away for work tomorrow. 
I'm having oj withdrawals.. Really! Sad  I need Tropicana OJ high pulp.
http://bit.ly/Q9ZEB Sad for my former colleagues at Explore! 
Bummed. Show was great but got bad news have to visit a good friend in the hospital tomorrow, then the night got weird. Sad 
Sad to be back from NYC 
Was Happy's last day interning here. They joked today her name is Sad 
Registering my baby for Pre-K today. Sad face 
Too bad! No more bottomless margarita at Chili's..  Sad way to celebrate.. 
about to take a nap. Tired, not getting much sleep because of my cold. Tragic about the air france plane 
Sad day for GM 
@artistikem That would make sense.  Tragic, regardless.  
Sisters mother-in-law passed. Have a funeral showing today and the funeral tomorrow.  Sad times ~ Joann you will be dearly missed.
Sad her baby dady is roaming Atlanta without her..   
Sad Note: No E3 Coverage  http://tinyurl.com/mz6ljm
@obaasima Tragic, thanks, I hadn't heard 
Had a long day at work and visitation at JW!! Just had dinner while i watched the final bits of ANTM!! Sad to miss the final episode! 
@paulatokar Geez, I'll be that in a couple more months.  Sad, for me anyway!    
#fail Sad to say the code libraries are irreparable, even the backup was fried. Plan B will require recovery from live sites; take longer 
Sad I'm now back to school  and am still doing horrible HOMEWORK :@
@samantharonson oow Samantha, there was 80 brazilians in this flight. Sad. 
@himynameisnick In retrospect, X3 would have been better with Singer indeed. Sad 
Love seeing all my buddies at the #Habs presser. I miss work. Sad that I'm not there right now 
Sad, NYPD Pizza in Burbank closed yesterday. Just moving vans today at lunch 
A family BBQ turns into a neighbourhood gathering thanks to my mother, there's never any family time anymore  Feeling = Sad/Upset
Grrrr, internet is messed up at home.  Working on it but No net = Sad Holly   -hb
@mattfromseattle awww I wish I could pick up my munchkin  but he's 2500 miles away in Texas. Sad day.
Sad about the AirFrance Plane 
@SuperRecords Sad and happy. I am a two-pole XD. Mcfly does not come to mexico 
We're watching our movies alphabetically and Dirty Harry was up next. Our burned copy doesn't play! And our VCR is broken! Sad. 
Our burned copy of Dirty Harry doesn't play. Sad. 
@soccerchic032 Why do you Dislike ppl... I'm ppl... Do you  dislike meh???  I'm Sad now
@brooksy_c happens.  Sad though.   Bittersweet.
Sad that the first thing I thought of after hearing about Flight 447 was Rapture (BioShock). Condolences to the families of the victims. 
@bethggwaz Thx. Got your email too. Sad you can't make it. Sad I tell ya! 
Sad day for GM and it's stock holders  and ofcourse the 20,000 employees!
Sad   ....... I Love You Justin!
Sad I'm meeting so many great people in Atlanta that I will probably never see again! 
Bad mood. Sad. Bleach hands. 
http://twitpic.com/6fwfw - Rip-My brothers Hair...Sad day 
Sad Courtney is leaving tomorrow 
Exhausted from studying. Lying in bed thinking and being.. Sad? Idk. 
Mac hard drive crashed. NOTHING was saved on my computer. No music, pictures, etc.  Sad day.
@RatedGRomance Awww.  The first love is going. Sad, sad day for you all!
Have come to the unfortunate conclusion that the new Tori album is crap. Sad panda. 
FRUSTRATED. Lonely! Sad! 
@JonathanRKnight Oh please do not talk that way. Sad to put &quot;summer&quot; and &quot;last&quot; in the same sentence in this instance. 
@selenamarie Things like OCC catering are why most 3-day conferences are more than $249.  Sad, but true 
@JonathanRKnight True...you never know what tomorrow brings.  Sad day today with the plane crash.  I even saw a fatal car crash today.  
I am kind of concerned that Blogger is deleting comments I leave when I use my OpenID account to comment. Sad. 
Sad! Theyre amazing, Iwentto one when I was dating someone in Ann Arbor.We dont have Steak N Shakes either 
Marley &amp; Me was a bad choice. I've never cried so much during a movie. Then I hugged Sam bye cause she's moving back to WA tomorrow.  Sad.
@lovethatfabric yes your Avatar has gone away now. Sad 
Gonna go to bed... Tired. Very tired but I'll probably toss-n-turn for hrs.  Sad really.
@etacar11 Tragic - and not about to end any time soon 
So Sad I won't be seeing NIN and Jane's Addiction tonight 
@ricksanchezcnn Terrorism, as scary as it seems, is everywhere. No country is immune from it. Sad but true 
@MsJBell Hmm, don't think I know those peeps. Will imagine a silly voice instead. :o) I so Sad/Scared for him! 
Fanny is for sale!!!! Sad times 
@riandawson Hahaha Sad Day 
Sad that I can't marry my partner of 32 years. h8 u ultra conservative California. 
@kristenstewart9 ignore all those people talkin trash. They have nothin better 2 do, so they obsess over other peoples lives. Sad 
Sad  end of the first day and @davidchoimusic is already crippled. Ice and elevate! http://yfrog.com/5kh6zj
Home. Very different. Sad to be back in NY  My apartment is so quiet. I guess I needed that. Gnite.
Nevermind. Might have to retract my previous tweet. Heard a different version of the events at EHS. Sad. Good intentions. Clueless kids. 
Tried Listening to the new Raphael Saadiq album without skipping a song, not possible, Sad   am i expecting too much?
work this morning, then off to lawrence/op, kansass for the weekend! Sad to leave Coby 
Sad day. Must attend a funeral of a close family friend. Sigh 
Crap. Just realized I left my camera on the plane. Sad panda. 
@twittatonic No worries, I have one like that! Slumdog wasn't what I was expecting, but I liked it. Sad kids live like that anywhere 
Just hear TLC is helping jon of +eight look for an apartment....good tv?  Sad reality 
1 more exam to go and then I am free!!! Sad as Isobel has now left! 
@LeahBfly11 I do too! Sad thing is you never really see any of the ppl after HS after they sign it 
Sad to be leaving sunny Destin.  
Say goodbye to my beautiful @fatty_d hair. Sad day, have to change it for potential job. 
@HelmsECC Agreed. People are sick sometimes. Sad 
I Dunno Y But I Feel Like Crying  I Feel Sad
@21Rio This highrise looks awesome! Sad I just graduated 
@Miss_AP Most likely. Oh man those were some good times...I miss you!  Sad life.
WTF David Carradine? Sad news   http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8083479.stm
Just waking up, after sleeping 15 hours (thx sprained neck for that) and David Carradine is dead? Sad 
Sad to hear David Carradine committed suicide.  such a selfish act.
Sitting in IGN Editorial War room -- stole Ferret's computer to Tweet. Delicious donuts available that I can't eat. Sad face  #E3
Sad news today - actor David Carradine has died. Condolences to his family, may his spirit find the peace he is searching for.   
@bylertrewington Salmoners are awesome!  Sad news, Pudge disappeared. 
Sad to hear about David Carradine. 
Sad i can't go to the beach cuz of work.  but  happy i get to  nap !  -Dottie&lt;3
@msboricuadaphne Did you get my comment on myspace??? ((Sad face)) Never get any comments from My Beautiful daph anymore 
Have a TERRIBLE headache.  Sad sad.
Sad that I won't get to see Jill and Summer in Nashville tomorrow. 
Oh man that was awesome on so many levels. Nathan Fillion as a baddie was the shit. Sad that Anya bought the farm. Want more so badly 
Sad I couldn't go meet Adam Lind today! 
Craig is going to a funeral  Sad sad thing happened.
@madinaroper Holy hostility, Batman! I do love Irish Car Bombs, too bad I'm an embarrassment to do them with! Sad facey  whomp whomp!
Huh, David Carradine ( qui chang caine to the oldies like me)...what the hell where ya doin' dude!  Sad but almost want to LOL too 
Sad because my Hubby go on leave today and going home to Houston tonight without me 
Sad that papa e's pizza joint in south lyon apparently no longer exists   at Brown's sandwich shop with @infpgirl for dinner
@MichelleZink There is a limit on Twitter. Like 100 tweets per hour! Sad I know!  #20BoySummer
I'm having issues with my Sims 3, the game won't play!!! WTH??  Sad Meghan. Re-installing...hopefully it will work this time.
@abramsandbettes That is so awesome!  I am so excited for the Vortex2 team!  Sad I missed it live 
Sad for Alex Wong. 
Saddest day ever  rip duane
@amous Are u Happy ur goin home? Or Sad 
Dag, somehow I ended up trapped in the gate area at LHR with no way to get back to get something to eat. Sad panda.  Vending machine meal!
Sad that Ambrosia is mad at me and that she and the kittens can't get along...yet. 
Sad to know that two of my idols @katyperry and Beth Ditto are feuding. 
Comedy Central just reran the roast of @WilliamShatner; fucking epic!  Sad to see Farrah and Carradine though 
Sad fact: Citronella oil torches give off a HUGE amount of soot.  
Twinkle now allows u to connect to facebook ! Sad Weather in Paris 
Mom thought we should take down bird's nest under the garage be4 she laid eggs...too late.  Sad day 4 both mother bird and me/grim reaper 
Sad. Hates being out of sight out of mind 
Unfortunate IBJ somewhat focused on the past. 
Sad that Jimmy has to work today. 
Definitely coming down with a cold. Ironic because it is finally nice out 
After nap, gonna head over to Ashleigh's &amp; help her get ready for the last party at the tree house on the river!  Sad day, but happy time!
first post. So yesterday a guy found it necessary to break into my house while i was there. Unfortunate for him, but he got away 
Forgot my phone. Sad times 
Starting to make my way back to Leeds. Feeling a bit bummed out. Sad I didn't get to see my mum 
#Alchemilla show tonight CANCELED. Sad and sorry 
Aw, Primeval was amazing. Sad it's finished tho 
Sad that JB's youtube is suspended  listening to Paranoid by them 
currently reinstalling all his softwares on the laptop since it has a clean install of Win7 7137. Sad part is 7201 is out  Considering it.
Sad to see Scott is a Democrat. 
Sad that I just had to delete the cast of Bones lol. They're clogging up my real people talk. But I love them all. No offense!!! 
Sad they stopped signing b4 i could get an autograph  whoever is @ bfd lets kick it. Waiting 4 rebelution to start playing
@aGirlNamedAmy Hate to bring it up again, but you lost your pet yesterday and Im gonna lose a very good friend/sister 2morow. Sad for us! 
Sad and missing Shane he's always gone when I need him 
Sad that my boys are leaving for Dallas tomorrow. :| I'm gonna miss ya, Nick 
Home from Chinese food and Wal-mart. Saw a Twilight game. no money to get it. Sad Kitten 
Low tea in the City! Sad its not on the island... 
Sad day. Already leaving. 
I have work in 11 Hours. Sad louie. 
Sad that I'm not goin to the Gucci Mane concert 
Sad that Dave will be moving to the west coast in the fall 
Sad that the Cubs lost that amazing game 
looks like I will be staying HOME to night... Sad Face 
Vogue show! I never thought I'd see the day, but I'm voluntarily watching the show from the dead back. Sad but inevitable. 
Wishing I was at the Vogue show. Sad me. 
@peterfacinelli Sad part is I was rewatchin Scorpion King &amp; 'membered thinking how hot u were 1st time I saw it, but had so few lines.  
What a long day. And still going. Sacbound for Justin's family party. Sad I missed Nanay's going away 
Sad to wrap up a fascinating beach holiday in Mombasa  Squid tastes like rubber!
I can't believe Birdie is gone.  What the eff?  Sad. 
Graduation ! Sad  Bye bye seniors ... School year's offically over !!! YAAAYYYYYY !!!
@MrsJames_Waters Sad but true though I'm afraid.... 
EU voting day today. Sad, that in PL we can only vote only one day 
Is Sitting Being Sad 
Head is splitting again  If I was single last nite I'd have been knee deep in tang, instead I got the top score in Pacman :0 .... Sad.
Question: How would I go about getting retail job experience if no one seems to be hiring without experience? Frustrating stuff. 
Sad that my favourite bangle broke. Trent gave it to me about 11 1/2 years ago and I've worn it nearly every day since then. But, no more 
Movie finished, eating Thai and we're so close to Hyde park yet we have no skates  Sad pandas indeed.
Jonas Bros at November 24th:SOLD OUT  Sad!Hope they come next year!
Can't believe I'm up already. Was really thinking I would sleep 10 hours. Sad I have to work and can't go to Monster Bash today 
Sad about Ferrari, though.  6th and 9th. 
@missnoir1 Yep, Max Factor won't be selling in the US anymore after this year  Sad mostly as it's an icon. jrk don't like girls so lab lol
Sad that I have to leave the Woman's Club 
Waffle house. Sad that @heykatiexcore is sad 
@JonasBrat you know what makes me sad... that you don't have a picture!  Sad Cara. lol
Flight back to Saint Louis happens in 2 hours.  Sad 
is having her first break of the day. Look forward to The Apprentice final tonight! Sad its ending though 
Met with 2 girls I used to live with. One of them is moving to surberbia and marrying a jerk. She's only 24. How precocious! Sad though 
I'm coming to the end of my Bond marathon. Sad now. 
Sad to see the cousins leave.    Til we drink again.  80 ounces of pure bliss. lol
Parents rammed cars into burning day care http://tinyurl.com/pmzcrk Tragic. 
Sad, daddys leaving later for England. Sucks he won't be back for graduation liturgy. 
Daddy went off w/o me. I offered to go as bodyguard, but he said no-bummer  Sad face=turkey bacon score from mom.Will try that one again.
Mom dropped off at airport. Once a week every year just doesn't seem long enough. Sad panda now 
Key dyed his hair to a... blondish brown color.  Sad face 
Sad news people... They closed my neighborhood Quiznos  ...economy is jacked
Everybody is talkin bout the Heineken Bottle beat!! Sad sad day @ the stu that I lost that shyt...samples and all...smh 
Sad....   ! Miley doesn't follow me....i knew it, but the hope is the last to die! I wonder know her sommeday, when i be an actor.
The show is not going to be the same without Margaret.  Sad times! #apprentice
Sad news and a sad day!! What will we do without Margaret on the Apprentice next year!  #fb
Just dropped Elliot off. Won't see him again till August (probably). Sad sad sad sad sad. 
@myfriendstef Sad news about your car!!  Wallow away.
Done with the glitter. Sad face. 
Sad Beinazir is going. Was starting to really like her.  #bb10
@daxjramos Still trying to figure this twitter thing out. Doing good, work and school mostly. Sad not seeing you out on the weekends 
Sad day. Photographer is sick, so family photos are cancelled for now  And we cleaned up so pretty.
Sad that @glaad praises Huffington Post for staying on top of the KRXQ story, but not @FOX40 or @SacramentoPress 
My @Less_Than_Jake lighter is almost out of fluid. Sad 4:20 
@jason_manford orh! Your replying to all my friends but not me! Sad times!  Lol x
@evilneuro Sad, isn't it?  Pirate Party got a seat (maybe two) in Sweden intriguingly.
Cryed during Hotel For Dogs. Sad Movie. 
Excited to start my new job tomorrow. Sad I have to leave Gillie 
Sad days...Im deathly ill and my parents are off to Florida the day after tomorrow... 
feeling like shit. Sad to miss out on festivities.  Good news, I have a new external hard drive. Name suggestions? Or just Johan II?
Sad movie  little do they know their world will crash down in...5 4 3 2..... Lol im a narrator! Wooh!
Mom's going back to the Pi tonight. Sad sad day.  Her flight's at 10pm and we're already here at LAX. Sigh. 3 more months without her.
Bea.    Sad face.  #Tonys
Sad I'm not at WWDC 
Sad that there are no more Cranford episodes to watch.  Really enjoyed this BBC miniseries.
Raining in Chicago=Sad day for the Magic.... The game just slipped out our hands... 
had such a great weekend with the fam.. Sad they had to go!  but happy cuz the Lakers baby! &lt;3
Sad that my bestie went back 2 Atl 2day... Im so depressed... Goin 2 sleep tweeties.. 
Started saying goodbyes. Sad 
The House Bunny was a huge dissapointment.  Sad Sad 
@anoopan and...your prediction came true..India out of T20  Sad though
English exam tommrow  I really dislike english even though I speak it every day. Ironic?
Heading to the airport for my flight back to Houston. Sad times 
Tryin 2 Fall Asleep, A Bit Hurt! I'ma &quot;Sad Bear&quot; Tonight 
Sad the finals are over.. I'm a miss seeing JJ Redick every few days  Sigh now must wait until next season 
@TNgirl76 Oh! Sad for the Aussies 
A trojan devastated my hard drve.Ther goes one of my pricd posesions:most, if not al my PICS!im left wit none.Sad but have to let go 
I was so sick yesterday. I'm glad I'm feeling a bit better for my flight to Orlando. Sad I missed the party though 
Aww you can barely see my background   MOOD:Sad XD
I only have 4 more days of school! Woo hoo! Sad that i'm missin vbs though  Honduras team is leaving this week please keep them &amp; ther ...
Back to reality. Painful ear issues   &amp; Board meetings this week.  Sad times.
At camp... Ready for the fun to begin. Sad pilar cant come this week! 
Lake Show! Hi Haters... Sad huh? 
Finally Bought my @alexpardee book &quot;Awful Homesick&quot; to bad I didn't buy it from zero friends  not autographed.. ugh.
&quot;Knowing you you would see one but won't do anything cause...&quot; HAHAHAH! Sad cuz it's true 
Sad I won't be hanging out with YO kids today. Especially after I dreamed about them (and beni) last night 
Sad.  BMW ONE is sick in Dowbtown Portland... Doctor is on the way. #fb
Upset because I forgot that I have a dentist appt this afternoon.  OUCH!  Its gonna hurt.  Sad 
I'm @ work!!! They got me doing some stypid stuff ..... Anybody want to entertain me??? No??? Sad! 
Greek season finale tonight. . . Sad day 
Sad this freak storm is stopping me from seeing BFN: Best Friend Nicole 
Rereading The Notebook. Depressing me. Makes me miss not only you, but also California. Sad 
Ironic how Englands T20 team were done over by our own weather 
Spent 2 hours at Chevy= $2000 worth of damage repairs for my truck. Hope the warranty (helps) cover  Sad day. Now, Finish PSC brochure...
Is really really really sad that Hannah's leaving!  Two years living together and now living in seperate towns!! Sad Sad Times! 
@KEEPITMOVEMENT Sad I only got to talk to you for about 15 seconds at M&amp;G yest. @ Darien   But thanx for throwing the bandana 2 me  ;)
Boarding @jetblue 1424. Sad to leave Cali and my dad 
Just woke up from 4 hour nap. Daughter gone, kinda in a funk. Sad 
Prison Break is slightly less addictive than crack. Watched all of S3 in about three weeks. Sad ending  What show should I start now?
As a person pursuing a degree in Architecture,  I find it extremely difficult building houses in the Sims 3 due to its limitations.  Sad 
@gotmelikenobody Well I love the attention. Talking to me is probably the most action they'll ever get with the same sex  Sad, really.
@frankroberts ur on top of ur twitter game! thanks hun. like you, I wish I updated more. Dig your writings as well. Sad news RE: Octavia 
http://oddee.com/item_96664.aspx Someone devorced a man because he feed stray dogs.  Sad
@ShavoneJ Yah...we had a WONDERFUL time! Sad it's over though 
MY wrist hurts. I don't know what I did. Sad Pants. 
Sad cause my new bike is broken      can someone in Toronto please take me to bike pirates? I don't want to go alone for the 1st time.
Looking at flights to Maui in Sept...ouch! Might have to modify my travel plans. I thought travel was getting cheaper. Sad panda. 
Sad Jason  via i.friendfeed.com http://ff.im/-41Jgq
Sad, sad, sad, saddened. Newton's not teaching, late night class, Chemistry prof not announced (no more Tong, PLEASE!). 
... And there he went. Sad to see Ed go. 
@SmallEarthVtg  *grin* Anytime. I'll keep an eye on the store for pretties. Sad that Candy Pink number is too big though. 
Sociology was okay  But I bet paper 2 will be disgusting to make up for it  Now I'm going to worry about the media exam. Sad times
Nobody wished me &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;. Not even my dad. Why am I not surprised. Sad really. 
Sad that Taylor didn't make the interviews yesterday   on vocal rest for tonights big show on CMT!!
Sad to hear of the death of my one remaining cat back in the UK. Poor Maverick had to be put down after been hit by a car at the weekend 
Sad realization: Truffle Oils are fake/ synthetic. 
Got an email this AM fr a sept store previewing the Fall collection. Sad since we've barely had a summer 
For all you Milwaukee Brewer lovers...http://is.gd/13r9L.  Sad I missed this 
Abscess on lower jaw.. Dentist not answering phone.. Sad times ahead. 
Heading home to Tacoma.  Sad to hear about the closing of Black Water Cafe. 
@ErinGibbinsPM Sad to hear you lost your P-Touch  Stay tuned! You may have an oopty to win a new one!
Was speaking to Gillian -- got beaten up and thrown back into work for it!  *Sad Face*
@talktothewalls;  Sad I couldn't watch you sing dear.  First performance I missed from you.    Anyways, I got you something from KL!
Sad to see @Malarkey has got rid of the mullet 
@ErinGibbinsPM Sad to hear you lost your P-Touch  Stay tuned! You may have an oppty to win a new one!
Busy busy day. Sad to be packing up   my Kate 
@MaryssfromParis  Sad u wont be in virginia...wont feel the same without u  hope 2 meet u sometime...BFF!!!!
At work. Easy day. Sad tho that the clouds are overcast 
   &lt;---Sad level is 3. I was writing a massive blog tweet on Myspace and my comp shut down. Now it's all lost *lays in fetal position*
Sad that my computer is too slow for Prototype. 
Doesn't look good for Hamilton getting an NHL team.  Sad. 
bloody hell I've smashed the nice 3 euro orange lampshade purchased last year at the &quot;Sad Store&quot; 
@psychwrites Sad about Psych's next season premiering so late this year 
Xbox live is down for the whole day.... Sad panda 
@MsOrangeCounty It's Sad isn't it... Lena is trying to completely purge Jeffree from her life 
Sad! I lost the Mika pin I just made yesterday. It was my favorite out of the 3.  
Made it home safely last night. Sad i'm not having Lisa's cinnamon rolls for breakfast 
Sad she forgot and didn't have time to add her picture to the mosaic!  Sehr Sadness
Sad news .... Bob the Pigeon died this morning.  This is the bad part of doing this; getting attached to the birds is always a problem 
Sad Gabe is off to Germany for a week 
@meljean Sad confession: I say LULL all the time.  I am really not very well spoken.
I really need a haircut. Sad that my Michigan hairdresser will be out of town when I visit 
Sad Kecia's leaving me today. 
UH-OH. Britney spears - &quot;everytime&quot; is on. I'm bound to start crying! Sad song 
Sad that I'll be missing No Doubt and Paramore 
Sad day! Praying for you Kristen, you're in my thoughts! 
Where did the Beautiful Weather in DC go 2??  My Sad Face
@nunu86 i dont know where i was supposed to read it. Soo i didnt read that... Sad Max 
Sad news: Gay bias killings highest since 1999 http://tinyurl.com/n9uorpc via @365gay 
Sad news: Gay bias killings higest since 1999 http://bit.ly/6IcrX  
 My 99yrold great gma died today.. but @ peace, after a rough year. Sad circumstances, but can't wait to see Jes and rest of the family.
Sad face  lololololololol fly bites burn in hell! my brothers math teacher morphes into a cat! Penis!
@bbbco @LiarseNICK  Agreed as well! It's still a treat to listen to. Sad they disbanded afterwards 
Inspired 2 invest in singing lessons again. Sad that brett manning lives in nashville and not bris  vocal genius!
Saddest moment in my life. 
I just changed into all work-out clothes, only to realize I'll never make it to dance class in time.      Sad Moment.
Too. Many. Cookies. Stomache. Waaaaaaah.  Sad. Panda.
This store charges $.25 extra to cover damage to DVDs, but when YOU get a damaged disc they have a no credit policy. Sad. 
I can't believe what i just saw. I'm completely.. Crushed? Heartbroken? Shocked? Idk the word. I'm crawling back in bed. 
@el_koze Fans ruin everything.  Okami is amazing but you probably got worn down from the hype. Sad, really...  Good game spoiled.
It is another rainy night in chicago. Sox vs cubs rained out. Sad 
@alexphotography Saddest feeling ever 
another. That's just how our industry works.&quot; Has is really come to that? But thanks Yeezy for the advice. I guess he's right :-/ Sad tho 
http://twitpic.com/7ltf6 - Sad.   Where did you go Obama?
Recovering from my Birthday. Watched &quot;UP&quot; Sad and funny movie, but doug reminded me of too much off my Dog Beavis that passed away 
Just finished reading Breaking Dawn and watching Twilight. Sad that the bf hasn't been able to get a hold of me while he's in the Bahamas 
Tyler Hamilton's career in cycling has ended following a positive doping control? Sad 
Sorry, Endeavour.  Sad morning...
just finished watching &quot;Sad Movie&quot; 
Sad to be leaving Allan, it's been a great few days with him...  back to Tampa today.
My poor new school things.  Ruined and messed up. When they're just a few days old. Sad.
Sad to be leaving RI  but at least I have the new @rhettmiller album to make my drive more fun!
Sad a/b my Drs appt today! Typical I'd pull something in my back once I get my running routine back on track! 
Sad over the news on Sailor's Cap. 
@ginger905  today ... balances out the good ones I've had the past couple days it's all about balance right?  Frustrating, but true  ...
Sad tweet. Peppa the evil cat died  #squarespace #peterfacinelli
Leaving town. Going to my bro's house in the GA mountains Sad Jim won't be able to join us  need some mtn air to clear my mind
Sad that I have the weekend off, yet I will not be at #PAB (Podcasters Across Borders) w/o miracle.. 
@kalyanvarma: Have fun at Western Ghats. Waiting to see some pictures. Sad to hear about the butterflies. 
Hey! Its the 13th day of summer  I am REALLY Sad &amp; Mad right now!
I don't think Skype works with 3.0 anymore.. Sad face 
@snoopdogg Come to Hawaii, for real! Sad i'm missing blazed &amp; confused 
@RisaRM I was just there mon! Sad I missed you.  Are you talking about Alicia? she's the only person I can think of that looks leesha-ish.
Sad, because Adrian is leaving tomorrow... I have to face the harsh reality and accept that we r all moving on! All grown up! 
@courtney319 Sad times.  Shoulda just started leaving them on benches with &quot;FREE!&quot; post-its on 'em ;)
Have cleaned the whore-germs off of me. I think. Still wanna be sick a lil  Sad Panda
OMG! Can you imagine all the fine ass guys that were at the Laker Parade?!?!?! Sad I miss it 
Sad because de iphone 3G don't include the video camara option when you update! Only the Iphone 3GS 
@LJsBaby Bring it on Laura I would love too n have for a long time.  Sad thing is is probs not 
@adammshankman AMAZING show tonight! Hard to figure who might be going home. #sytycd Sad you won't be back for so long. 
@loki0717 I did.  Sad, sad.  He's my favorite character on Grey's.  #PETERFACINELLI (hahaha!)
Dude. They ran out of souvenir baseballs. I didn't get one. Sad panda. 
Today is the Hardest I've worked in months, possibly years.  Sad 
Sad I missed Jonathan richman tonight. I had tickets 
@swearthatitried i'm sadder without you.  
Driving Home with YoungPete, Kellis and Travis after an amazing week in the studio... Airport in 3 hours. Sad to see them go 
@feylya That makes me a Sad Panda. 
@shanedawson Fathers Day Vid was so Sad  x
At the party of the Tonys where they show all the people who passed....... Sad.  
Hooray that Poh got booted off masterchef tonight!!!  Sad that I missed it cause of stoopid work 
I think #qaf is starting to rival #x-files as my favorite tv show.  Tragic that neither are on tv anymore 
My car Sarah is broken. She has a hurt brake. Sad 
James has gone home. Sad times yet again, whos arms am I going to fall safely to sleep in every night now???? 
Loving Miami!! Sad the trip is almost over  off to the pool to work on my tan!! Wahoo
Sad... Cause I do not want to go to work 
I seriously need to pick up some Spock's Beard.  I have none.  Sad panda. 
Cleaning the house, only a few more weeks in Miami. Sad 
At my little cousins promotion. Sad that this I the last event I'll be attending because she is moving to Texas 
I'm Sad  My friend got a DUI....
@Matthews42 Mrs. Chandler said she died in her sleep...Sad! 
Took Garrett to the airport. Sad  But we had a lot of fun while he was here. He is quite the teenager now!
@jordanknight I just read you guys aren't going to Australia any more. Sad. 
Abercrombie and Fitch will be closing all 29 Ruehl stores by the end of 2009 due to economic reasons. Sad 
Plane had to turn around and come back 2 seatlle due to medical emergency.    Sad face 
There're only MAYBE 3 actual mullets in that mullet feature. Sad. You want to see a real mullet, check out my Jr High class photo 
My personal trainer &amp; myworkout buddy @snowshimmers R making me workout when all I want is a martini  Gettin NC ready I guess? Sad times
Sitting at my best friends house fixing to have a fun filled weekend it's my kids bday and they are in FLA can't see them. Sad 
Waiting on Momma. shes at the Doctors ;) Oprah's Sad 
@sarahh_atl yeah Ive heard a lot of people complain about it... Sad that yours doesn't work though 
Ready to be off work . YAY !! ... Sad dance class got cancelled 
Sad. With my glasses off I couldn't even read the big letters at the eye doctor's 
@NickHexum Sad because I can't see u guys in Raleigh cause 2 tickets are $125. I am disappointed, That is just too much...dont u think 
Sad, Cuz that was her las day of work 
@kimmifatale I appreciate the support!!!  I know you have Gunner, so you're a dog lover as well. Sad day
Last night in Austin! Sad 
Sad I didn't see the swan boat at Gray's Lake   I wanted to yell, &quot;I'm on a (swan) boat!&quot;
Sad, no more Sanjolly on Im a Celebrity 
Sad that my code I won last night still doesn't work for XBLA. I would have loved a new arcade game to play 
@justkimu Oh that's just horrible. What an awful dog fight.  Sad for all of you.
@LSUeeyore I guess they saw more potential in Kupono. Sad day, though 
Sad about so you think you can dance... Max should not have gone.  siiigh. But I love my own asian personal chef.
@astroboyisgay that's a very lovely song. Heartbreaking din  so close yet so far.
Sad tomorrow won't be warm and sunny this weekend so I could wear a cute new dress.   which sweatshirt? Simons, Peoples, Lucca or Johnson?
Sad that joy and jade are moving back to their hot hot desert states  Seattle won't really be the same.
is off to the big smoke for the weekend. Sad when the big smoke is Nelson 
@cbellamy Sad news. Your journal was &quot;Returned to Sender.&quot; It didn't even make it to its second destination. 
Wow, Pixar is awesome. http://bit.ly/5NMvY   Sad.
You know that story of Pixar granting 10yo girl's dying wish to see 'Up'? Sad news, she passed away tonight.  http://bit.ly/18uWiX
Sad to read what Rob wrote here   I hope you'll have be happy soon ...
I just dreamt I was at a Growing Pains reunion and Alan Thicke was a dbag. Sad 
Got #VirtuaTennis2009 and am very disappointed. Gameplay is the same but the overall package lacks polish and improvement. Sad  - John.B
Home. McDonald's dinner again. I'm so tired and drowsy I can't think of anything else to eat or make. Sad 
@BradSabbath You are quite correct. A friend of mine has it.  Heartbreaking.
Sad Gabe is too sick to go to his last day of school 
Found out that my parents dog is very ill, just hope he pulls through....Sad times 
Georgia Theatre being demolished by a fire. Sad face, 
I'm really not up on twitter this week We're back to the doctors later today about D's sore tum. Heartbreaking when your kids are in pain 
@shauneexx Lmao... i cannot believe u didnt tell me u wer fed up.. and that ur brain is hurting...  Sad face sad face... xxxx
My roomie is moving to VA Beach today. Sad  but so happy for her. Cryfest 2009 last night. Good luck Joelle!
Sad thing is that G#A Theater just got repainted &amp; marquis was just refurbished. Sux especially since Athfest is next wkend 
Has met some fantastic people at the Early Support group for parents with children on the autistic Spectrum. Sad it has now finished 
Sad about Blake  there goes my summer.
Ugh people keep backing out of birthday Hair extravaganza. Sad face 
NOOOO! he's one of my heroes.   Sad report: Walter Cronkite gravely ill: http://bit.ly/rG6qE (via @harrymccracken)
Sad that his favorite coffee shop is closed forever. So long, Swedes.  
@30lines  I thought it was friday for the NAA tweet up... Sad   I wont be there thursday
Just got word they're closing my starbcks 2mrw. Sad face..  guess I gotta make coffee n. The morning n add ice, milk and caramel. Booo!
Sad sad sad i work up looked at Sarah's couch then realized i'm really on my own now 
says no Mars. Sad.  Nyt http://plurk.com/p/129ru8
@cpebenito Mmm, that place is bomb! Last time I went though... It was closed  Sad day.
@PerezHilton I really WANTED to like it, but I didn't. Sad. 
#FF Cool pod cast and pod people- @DaveDwonch @TheGeekSavants - Sad there is no more Swimcast  But follow @ascentral They're good people
Sad to report that glambert's single is... mediocre. His voice is nice, first verse is fine. Then, pure cheese. Ugh.  http://bit.ly/mnjiF
My car ws stolen last night at the apache.  Sad smiley face cant describe the depression and anger im feeling. Insurance doesnt cover
@LizLemonhead Yes no TVU   Sad! But it's up on youtube now!
Sad I missed the Google wave hackathon in Sydney 
Sad for Jacks comp  I'll pray for it to come back to life!
@heartoceann The barn was awesoem! I missed it so much. I love it there. It's like my home. Sad to be away from it  we saw The Proposal 
R.I.P. Gary Papa... one of the best sportscasters period. Sad 
@everydayimpulse  no we are in Rochester now! Sad day.
@Culligan27 @taylorbgamble @jgam311 @treyschaefer Or wherever/whatever!  Sad that @bcowart &amp; @davecowart can't come 
Sad spotting: the roofer's knocked down a birds nest onto my patio when they were working. Little dead birds are all over. Whyyyyyyy 
Sad that the Hogs didn't do better tonight @ the CWS 
Turbos Sad  and lonely i made him bran mash but its too hot... Waiting for it to cool downn......
@xianvox Apparently, you can't buy penguins online. Housemate Tony made me try to find one once. Obviously, it was a bust. Sad face ---&gt;  
Hubby just told me to pretend to talk on my Ipod Touch. @bobb0406 sucks. None of the cool kids will ever talk to me now. Sad 
@KnightsofGuild   Sad face.  Okay thanks.
@Casey_Rose_xoxo I know! How have you been girl?  I finished the last book of the Twilight saga.  Sad it's over!  
Espn classic-yanks vs sea acls 04-clemens throws 15k's/1 hit-big hugs from pettitte, canseco..a-rod on sea...steroid fest! Sad 
Sad RUSH week is over  almost home with lots of bruises and in need of a shower.
I just was inside!! For like two seconds! Sad day! 
Sad cuz the jonas brothers r co-hosting Much Music Video Awards but thhats only for Canada  
My sister is going to DC tomorrow apt hunting. Sad. Seems like just yesterday she was following me around calling me wauwen. 
Saddest movie ever Is babe, pig in the city. 
is done.  &lt;-- Extremely Sad Face
@yelyahwilliams I'm so stoked for you guys to come to Calgary! Sad I can't go though 
Sad I cannot use my #iPhone #3GS to do this post 
Sad to be missing Steve Lucky at Ashkenaz, but just couldn't drag myself up to Berk. tonight. 
@mickeygomez  Thanks Mickey. I gave her some pain meds and trying to soothe her.  And telling her she was good in her life.  Sad  
@ddlovato Sad I just missed you in Toronto. 
RPG stores are going to be giving away free stuff this weekend! Sad I'm gonna miss it.  Everyone go get your free stuff! http://tr.im/p8PY
@Seeyinlove Wooof! Photoshoot n audition for what?? Good luck! Orientation night was dead boring right??  Sad...
@fatttmunkey Sad story  &quot;Colby went to see the Dream Works 3-D movie but was impressed by &quot;Up.&quot;&quot;; Lol she really does understand the world
@Swistle_Thistle  Sadly, sugar snap peas have to be planted really early in the spring. Sad panda. 
@joshkim lol. I just read my tweet. Obviously I meant KB *layout* and not language. =P  Sad though that you didn't find anything for it 
Mad crave for mcdonalds. Sad thing is there's no mcd nearby my house of walkable distance! 
Jacksons Outdoor Sales on Rt 7 closing. Longtime Schdy business. Sad  http://www.bizjournals.com/albany/stories/2009/06/15/daily40.html
Sad that I am not going to NY anymore  so much for that. FML
@dhewlett re Indy - Why do they keep committing unholy franchisicide on the great films of my (our) youth?!  Sad inner child is sad.  
Packin up and gettin ready to leave PCB   Sad day
http://tinyurl.com/lnsmcg  I hate to believe this is true...but I see it as inevitable.  Sad for Flip. 
 I'm very Sad.. Hoping for you Forgiveness.. 
Yawn. I had trouble getting up today because 1. it's grey and rainy, 2. I have to go back to work today, and 3. no Zack.  Sad boosh.
Sad - decided no on the drink because I feel a raging migraine coming on,  Looking for my drugs.
Lol @rohitp is in a &quot;Vaaranam Aiyram&quot; type situation in a Train right now, apparently. Sad thing is, both sets of parents are there too 
Throwdown in my kitchen. My brother ate the last vanilla pudding pop. And the only kind i like. Sad 
Line for iPhone 3GS is 30-40 strong in Cincy right now. Sad I'm not getting one yet. 
Sad that Courtney isn't feeling very well today!  
@pausingreality I was also at the Farmer's Market, but @becklawson must have forgot. Sad face 
Mad/Sad....Marci can't text or twitter till end of July 
Really wants to see @OfficialITM  at Warped Tour, but no one wants to go with me. Sad face 
woow I can't believe this actually happened  Sooo Sad
Tryin 2 make a decision on rather i should go clubbin 2nite! (nothin else 2 do!  Sad I know. Club or chill. Ugh Chilln is so hard 2 do
@leirastorm I signed on aim JUST for you and you werent there, so I signed off. Sad day. 
@RosyInRealLife Saddest one is the one of the girl that got shot and dies 
http://breakfornews.com/KarekarAveShooting090620.htm Sad  Rest in Peace.
Boston: be sure to join @cbensen Mon. night http://tinyurl.com/lwc5h3 - she'll be talking community/social media. Sad, I'll be in class 
Devo manggiare adesso. To Bad So Sad, Violence stinks, but remains part of reality. http://bit.ly/5Bp3V  
Devo mangiare adesso. To Bad So Sad, Violence stinks, but remains fact of reality. http://bit.ly/5Bp3V 
So aparentally early this morning Erol died of a heart attack while in the shower. Sad news. 
Final show of #Alive '09 coming up.  Sad to see it go 
Sad to miss a TTC show for the first time ever... 
Oh. Sad because I can't find a working Hannah Montana site. 
... Prodigy were class... Danced like a nutter .. Loved them. Sad its over 
I have no idea where my prescription Michael Kors sunglasses are...  Sad!
I am sitting in Lafayette airport. Sad cause my mom couldn't come sit with me until I leave.  the plane boards at 5:30
@lnostdal Is Naggum dead? If so then the world has lost a GIANT! Sad...! 
Still doing my English H/w, I won't see my duckie Laura tomoz  Sad times....sad times.... 
Sad at Tevez leavin 
Sad about Iranian people  Injustice shouldn't be ignored
The &quot;Sad Face&quot; 
headed 2 #dollywood. Teenage girl w/ us dad died last year. Sad 
Sad cuz I got free tickets to the @jonasbrothers concert tomorrow in Tulsa but can't go cuz I have to go back home for work 
@UrbanRelations my condolences &amp; prayers go out to You &amp; The Family of your friend. So Sad 
Ryans been working on fixing a lawn mower for like 2 hours! and I just lost Sam girl for Creation.   Sad day yo.
I suggest that all followers seek out and witness #neda This crime NEEDS 2 be addressed in a world court for Murder. So Sad  #iranelection
@lesleyvaculin My friend Jenn is moving, so we were helping. Sad to see her go. 
@Gixxer_Moe I had to restore it and now it's not unlocked  it's just a expensive iPod until the unlock is released for it. Sad day
Sad, tired, kinda scared... Private International Law is hard to understand... 
Austin Bat Fest is 2 months from today!  Oh feck, it's still too months away.  Sad face.  
Austin Bat Fest is 2 months from today! Oh feck, that seems like a long time. Sad face. 
Just woke up... Sad i know. George and i are hangin out in an hour. But i'm still soo tired 
@Ashuwee can't come back out on the street today.  Sad day. Waiting for the Delta Daddy-O's now. Haven't seen them in forever.
Sad day.  Paul just left for Canada, and that was the last time I will see my boss, my FRIEND, before moving overseas.  
 Sad that Sunset Rubdown is sold out
Sad that I already have a CarePages acct, a website 4 cancer patients. The 1st time I registered was 4 another pediatric cancer patient. 
Sad night in the District 
@officialTila Sad you picked the Torontonian ladies over guys last night  Ha!
Yo jus had Ruby Tuesday now watch'n a movie. Sad my grandma is leaving! 
Sad the first annual National Punch Perez Hilton in the Face day is coming to an end  So many great memories
Sad 2day. Hard 2 understand how some1 can be standing nxt 2 u seemingly fine, jokin around 1 day n gone so soon after  sorry @Pizzz
is Sad about john and Kate 
Bad mood. Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. Sad.  The End.
Sad that @mimigee will no longer be a fixture when i go visit NYC   Good luck at school!
Sad Ed McMahon died. Now I will never see him at my door with a sweepstakes check. 
Okay i dont remember the last time i saw the sun. Sad 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/8115360.stm Sad day for Setanta and sports fans - now where will I watch hurling? 
Sad that Derek won't tweet me... 
Sad, Dissapointed and Upset 
Not going to see Abby today after all.  Sad day. 
@nitecapp I don't know why some people are like that  Sad. Upside of living alone: no one tampers with your porridge.
Sad fact I learned in Ento today, &quot;Half of all the humans that have ever lived died from Malaria and it kills 2,700 people everyday&quot; 
So much left to do and so little time in Rome!!! Sad 
@AroundThe Horn That video is funny and bizarre at the same time. Sam was definitely the better rapper of the two. Sad he's gone now. 
Sad I'm missing Steve and the dance party tonight  can't go for two weeks from today, I know blondie is gunna miss me
Sad. Lonely. Tired. Unsatisfied. Not a good night 
Sad i'm unable to use my MacBook...my stupid charger is messed up 
Oh wow. No more julie in my home. Sad  I miss you julie. Herro prease?
Sold my 10 year old kinetic. Sad to see it go 
Sad. All the guys' mission calls are coming in. Miss them already and they aren't even gone yet. 
Sad to hear our tailor in Beijing has closed their shop 
Reading Sky News global update about Sharks, Sad to think some species could become extinct, beautiful but dangerous; need respect   Suz x
Sad for Justine 
@SaheliDatta Seems there are at least two accounts of axes.  CNN interview, and someone online. I'll believe it. Sad.  http://bit.ly/FoNhd
@camilleprats Where do you do your yoga? Oh, have I told you George isn't coming back for Season 6? Sad 
Sad.  Taking Gizmo to the vet for his surgery. Won't see him til tomorrow around 4pm. I miss him already.
Getting ready to head to northern WI for the weekend!!  Sad that my hubby has to stay home and study for the Bar 
Just woke up in FL.  Anxiously awaiting to get the day started. Sad that I'll be missing #TrentLoos speak this morn in McLean Co 
So Sad of one of Jordan's IT company's Bank bankrupt 
Is vey Sad  College is over for this term I so loved Public Speaking had a great time but now it's over. but im one step closer to my goal
Back to using Firefox as by default browser. I just do too much css work to keep using safari. Sad day 
@DonnieWahlberg Boo. I'm not going. Sad. 
Sad - back from Haarlem thought @Mattdavelewis was there today too. But he was not 
Finally trading in my Wrangler.  Sad but has to be done.  It's going to suck not driving her...damn transmission.
@fubar2u_2000 We have only 2 weeks left at I-Media :O Losing you all over again  *Sad face* :L
@amber_benson I didn't even know about the Common Rotation show for some reason. Sad I missed it 
@pdnonline Sad to see Kodachrome go, we have just bid a fond farewell to our last beautiful table lightbox, thx for the memories! 
Just came back from class outing and is exhaustedd! Had tons of fun and wants the next one to come asap. Sad cause we didn't Ton 
just spent a couple of hours reading by the pond with the ducks. This is the life. Sad to leave Endcliffe 
Checking in at lunchtime (pita and humus --yum!). Sad news RE Farrah. Cancer gets someone else at an all-too-young age,62. My mom was 65. 
@youtubemark45ac @BellaBKNY @Rachele77 @zurplemoon @xjaeva   Courageous lady!   Sad    RIP
Having a bit of a Writer's Bump already. Sad face. 
Running errands with my daughter, its hot in NC. Sad Farrah passed, too young 
Sad week in Hollywood. Farrah and Ed within days of one another 
Sad news about Farrah, she was so brave.  
why am tipsy at 1:30 in the afternoon. Thanks Theresa! Sad u r leaving 
why am tipsy at 1:30 in the afternoon. Thanks Theresa! Sad u r leaving 
@mcdeezer. Aww shoot. Wonder if she tied the knot with Ryan O'Neal before she died. Sad 
@lizlin Sad to say I just take multivitamins, I guess I'm getting old  oh yeah, if i hold the &quot;P&quot; will i get more vitamins? LMAO
@KeEilaa Awww.. Sad Andrew. Well lets all hang out then! 
Watched defiance, sooo Sad!!! loving  Liev Schreiber AT the moment 
Reading Twilight  Yep sounds good! Sad to not be able to see JONAS :'( I'm gonna finish the book and watch the movie :p Nice day ;)
when i decide to be on time for something, that devil is always there to counteract! Frustrating but not discouraging... 
@DjChapStyk at 8teen in north park watchin and recording like mentioned earlier. Tragic tantrum is good man 
@j3nn1e It's just your's. Our TV works fine! Sad times! 
Sad - I spent the evening writing a wallboard app to display the status of various systems at work.  But, Script.aculo.us is sweet 
Sad what happens to old retired video game heros... Snake's now pushing cheap cell phones   http://twurl.nl/yjha6s
Oops darn the whole playoff game didn't tape.. Tragic 
