Most common words for this cluster:
[('sad', 791), ('day', 84), ('today', 38), ('face', 37), ('times', 26), ('weekend', 24), ('time', 23), ('home', 23), ('night', 22), ('http', 20), ('tomorrow', 18), ('week', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sad', 0.9999571442604065), (u'sad', 0.6628310084342957), (u'Saddest', 0.6068745851516724), (u'Heartbreaking', 0.5598512887954712), (u'Unfortunate', 0.5496357679367065), (u'Sorry', 0.5472560524940491), (u'Tragic', 0.536989152431488), (u'Good_riddance', 0.532009482383728), (u'Pathetic', 0.5276855230331421), (u'Aaaaah', 0.521150529384613)]





Sad, sad, sad. I don't know why but I hate this feeling  I wanna sleep and I still can't!
I think I need to get laid. Sad revolution I had earlier rofl 
I think I need to get laid. Sad revolution I had earlier rofl  http://twurl.nl/ibz2wb
Sad movies make me think of things that I don't really wanna think about 
Sad that the time shift means it's dark when we go home. 
Going to bed...again. Sad that ex started 2 ignore me when ex's new crush logged on. 
@staciehays  (Sad face) i would bring you one
I am so bored right now....goin a little crazy! It's 70 degrees out, want to go on the Wine Walk but I'm broke! Sad Sad Sad day 
At the airport. Sad this vacation is just about over 
Sad that I'm missing nacho fest right meowwwzzz. 
Loving reaper. Sad its prob getting cancelled 
I am in love with a irish accent...and it is a forbidden love. Sad face 
@Elikapeka Sad about the car accident.  Be careful!!
Sad the weekend is over 
Beer, pizza, krispy kremes and anna were a pretty fun way to end melbourne! Sad to go home 
FINALLY writing something... and would *LOVE* some peace and quiet. Sad day. 
@renee1112 crazy right! Sad thing is I woke up @730 &amp; have been trying to go back to sleep but finally gave up! 
Sad she's gone 
good morning tweets! Sad but true, the wekends almost to an end 
Our dvd player decided to stop working right as we were getting ready to watch a movie last night. Sad sad  time to find a new one...
Sad days make me think a lot, and I don't wanna 
I just got told i look 16 by a bunch of great aunts...  Sad day 
Sad next two days ... Goodbye grandma ... 
Sad they killed of edi on desperate housewives 
@iamlittleboots Agreed - awesome book. Sad days. 
Sad thing. We lost the finals and walked away with a silver medal 
@nisaho Haha. I'm kinda over facebook. Sad right. 
Sad  I've eaten all my easter chocolate already...
Sad that @mensathedj is leaving though 
Sad to be home  back to work tomorrow...
Sad cause nobody will hire me and I have no Yeezys 
Just finished my last pack of Nerds. Sad times 
Sad that both reds and broncos lost. I even took my flag to the game 
Sad that I am missing our church's big spring hill mission day  but charlotte and apple both need me today!
 looks like my son's birthday baseball game is going to be rained out. Sad face.
@grierparrott is officially an alumni.. Sad 
@stevegclark Really? Sad. 
I need a new roommate in august. Sad face 
Sad the penguins lost.... 
Sad I'm at work, just got a text that my sophia wants to play with me at the park 
Sad!!  you cant always get what you want 
Sad thing bout me bein at hollywood rite now is that am tryin to go home 
My ps3 is broke, it won't play any discs!  no blueray either! Sad times!
My &quot;escapades&quot; are always on the &quot;off limits&quot; zone. Sad.  :|
Sad to have to tweet 
@sebinaj Sad, we missed #bck5 
Sad after the rugby.  And sick with a cold 
Last day of holiday. Sad 
@HannahNikki I had 3b cervical cancer w/20% chance of living @ 28. Now very involved in cancer &amp; lose friends often  Sad but its worth it
@suckahpunch I'm glad your birthday was a good one!  Sad we missed out 
@mayooresan come on bro! I twitterd, emailed LKLUG and even sent invitations on facebook. Sad to hear that you missed them all 
@wvuchica43 Sad, isn't it? 
Sad my sister did not her me food from sombrero  I'm hungry
Taking our kiddos to the airport. Sad face   http://yfrog.com/05b9hj
@dammar Sad to hear about your supplier.  Sounds like those pigments would be awesome!
Just got back from shopping. Sad cuz I didn't get tht flannel shirt and lether belt from delias, or the leather flip flops from hco. 
Sad that the weekend is over 
@CarrieEmmy Sad to say that in these desperate times you never know what people may do 
Sad that people can not just use twitter and be who they really are!  
Sad and dissapointed. 
Sad that the weekend is over 
Sad news. I did not make the scholarship cut. 
Sad day marked in nyt memoriam made worse by early am travel to dca 
@whitewatermusic yep they closed it down. Sad times 
@ginidietrich we had a party at our house- and everyone paused and watched it.  nails are gone too. Sad.
Sad that I cant find silver heels that flatter my feet. 
I'm twittering to piss off my friends, all of whom refuse to join. Sad I missed @normmacdonald in nyc. 
Sad that there are no play pals at the park now  and daddy didn't bring a ball with him.
Really Sad 
is packing. Sad 
@NahakuMcFadden Sad to hear such news. I'm expecting next year to be there 
Looks like a very large plague of spam has hit twitter. Sad day indeed 
@OLMMark Sad end to the game  #Canucks
So my dad died like 4 years ago this very hour!!!! Sad times...... 
@dorkydeanna The film has finished  Sad times!
Yes, I saw my mum in the paper too. Sad stuff 
Just got home. Sad  youre an asshole.
This was the house I grew up in: http://bit.ly/rXb1m  It's now abandoned, trashed, burnt down and hobo-ridden. Sad 
@prateekgupta oh crap, i can understand.. Looks like even im not far behind! Sad days ahead for me too 
I dont know If I can leave my first apartment  So Sad!  It's been a good first apartment with the best roomies ever!
Sad to be stuck in work on such a nice day! 
Sad thing is, I can't do the event cause I deleted the game awhile back and quit.......And I was bumped down from rank 2 to rank 7 
Sad that this weekend is over 
@MandyAlwaysKnws  Sad day. Why not?
is resting from a really hard day...and very long. I'm so happy I'm some-what a part of their family. Sad... 
Sad news: best friend leaving. No more human shock absorber 
Sad day  I thought I would wake up to FogBugz 7 @shneusk the engineers didn't like us?
my bus was early &amp; I was not. Sad face 
totally blew it with the cute guy from my yoga class. Sad. 
@jeannemariepics I was going, too, but gotta finish my assignments.  Sad
Sad news: my gran died last night. Not unexpected (she was over 90), but still 
is feeling weirdly emotional about something that should not spark any emotion at all.  Not good emotions either. Sad ones. 
all I have is coffee, no pie. Sad face 
@ypforazzi yep!!! Sad but true! 
@deafmom @eeUS Sad but true - I stretched it out a bit. 
Last day of face it. Sad 
5 hours of sleep in the last two days. Sad! 
Sad to have missed out on dinner with friends cuz I ended up at the wrong jerry's delhi 
my throat is actually closing up! It's not sexy! Sad face 
@JMonroe I have not. Actually went to move the jeep and the battery is dead.. Sad face 
Sad!! The cop was tellin me that today they found the body of a missing 19y/o who died of a heroin overdose 
@tonigirl14 Why You Sad  if you sad i sad lol
No pigs to scope today  Sad day!!
with @garysexton and @jasonmckinley...but no @rkoch88....    Sad day.
Sad to say but we won't be @rhcc this morning. T only slept for 4 hrs all night and still isn't sleeping. 
Sad about missing b2b today.. 
Out. Sad  .
Sad i missed mcfly on radio 1.... 
Sad this week is the last week for biggest loser 
I'm an official college grad, and also officially exhausted. So sleeping in tomorrow. Sad I didn't get to say goodbye to many people! 
Sad I didn't feel the erathquake  headache isn't going away... Going to bed.
Sad there has been no tweets fom Ddub.... 
Sad i couldn't get my tongue pierced....and i miss my bf... 
I walked past a restaurant selling frog leg poridge. A cute frog jumping frantically against the glass tank, hoping to go free. Sad 
Sad that the weekend is over  but anxious for the upcoming weekend
Sad that celtics got kicked outta the playoffs. 
Sad that the weekend is over.  I fucking love the block!
Sad its over..... 
Sad that my friend can't remember to set her alarm for our last week at the gym together  
@joesafiend WHAT?! I just went ton check out http://www.yoyomofo.com/ and it's not there!!!  Sad times
My word doc got corrupted and I just lost all the work I did yesterday on my final. Sad.  not the best way to start the day.
@cyberprvideo weird. I took a shower and almost blacked out so had to lay down. Sad but true. 
Sad my boy is leaving soon 
@noretreatau Thats Sad 
Just got notification of four new followers, got excited, then found out there of them are spam accounts. Sad 
My boyfriend is outside, but I can't even see him. Sad 
For some reason I was wide awake at 6:00 this morning even though I didn't go to bed until after 3:00.  Sad day...no sleep.  
@RhiBowman Sad for the country. 
Sad, upset, and hurt...  
Sad to see more parents than freshmen at my faculty's freshmen welcome talk. Where art thou enthusiastic students? 
Sad to leave the lake today  but happy for what lies ahead in the next month!
@ToOoOtiE yeah cedar point was a no go for us too. Sad times 
Just said goodbye to my sister. Sad 
@brynnieo  all the kids are still outside playing!! Sad you! 
@kricket_rc234 yeah. Sad. I just wish everybody would just be happy for @DavidArchie.  and respect @jeffarchuleta
Sad that prop 8 wasnt overturned  No equality in C.A just yet.
 @billbeckett's signature has 100% rubbed off my mondayeyes bracelet. At least I have plenty of autographs from him, but still. Sad day.
@jedisista  couldn't make it. Sad
Sitting at home all alone. Sad times 
Sad my babe is gone, loud thunder, and no tv.  and tmw gotta wake up early
It makes me sad that I can't be here for ale anymore. After being friends for 15 years there are some things I can't help her with. Sad. 
Still waiting for a call a boy said he'd make 3 days ago... Sad, i know. 
@brothafrmanotha Where?!?!  I can't find it!  Sad.
@jhagey I deleted my last twit because it sounded too bitter! Sad times for the trib. 
@mandyxclear Was funny, he ODd and died years ago.    Sad shit, he was amazing.
So so so Sad I have to spend one night away from my better half  it's going to kill me
bed bed bed @samuelasanders do you never answer texts anymore?  I thought of you the other day and sent one but never heard back. Sad day 
@t_isfortammy Sad tweets are sad 
im gonna go to bed alone again.  Sad day for me. but itll get better.
I don't feel well. I feel like i could throw up, and my throat hurts really bad! Sad day 
@LayDown28 man I don't know... they been there a few months and he actually almost cries when he is speakin back to her. Sad 
@NacMacFeegle Sad to see...despite my being glib about it 
@evonmichelle It's my mum's. LOL They haven't got me anything yet.  Sad, Sad... haha
Two dozen roses sent  overnight and delivered this morning. Just found out the recipient is out of town!! Sad 
Sad to be leaving so soon 
@sweetpea2809 Nor here... Sad times 
Sad that everyone is leaving me. 
Sad that david is leaving tomoro. for a week. 
Sad! Casue everyone is going their seperate ways! Never going to see my friends again! 
Sad to say bye bye to these beautiful mountains.  http://twitpic.com/675ks
Sad face moment of the day 
@CrypticIrnAngel Sad  nothing.
Sad because i cant go over my friends house 
Sad duck day.   
@TheSvilleNews http://twitpic.com/67kb6 - Sad day!  What a great guy and enthusiastic teacher.
Sad I missed @tylerhwilliams going away party due to too much work, but I really am gonna miss that kid 
Sad babies make for angsty writing 
@rmsilver7 Wasn't it an emotional movie? I can't believe that shit actually happened! Sad. Sadder still that the boy was never found. 
Sad jessie wasn't home  ill see her next week for sure ha ha
blew up things in the kiln today. Sad to see other people's hard work destroyed. 
Sad that my princess is in pain 
Sad part: I haven't even made a week.  boo
Not going to orientation  Sad. I want to laugh a lot today!
Sad 2 say but this might b it 4 my boys 
Sad to be missing blackstar tonight 
Sad about the Nuggets loss.  It was a dismal night.
Sad to be back in the bay 
@bananza I'm glad you enjoyed the cupcake! Sad that the twitpic doesn't work on my phone! 
is sitting at home missing the big party tonight...   Sad!
@urbanhoustonian that show was so good! Sad I was late. Also, didn't see ya. 
Sad that my girls are going back home 
Ugh, lost 3/4 games in bowling. Sad 
Damnit. I've been so busy tonight I really didn't get to spend time with my lover boy.  Now I'm done and he's sleeping. Sad stuff.
Wishing my boyfriend strength tomarrow... Sad day for him.  I LOVE you honey. :*
@spectralnight Sad about the delay!  but good about the job... maybe when we find some free time we should grab bubble tea.
#RareBreeds farmer in pollution legal battle with @NationalTrust takes own life. Sad business all round  http://ur1.ca/4xy7
Last fortnights car mileage, 200, last fortnights bike mileage, nil, last fortnights run mileage, ~10.   Sad state of affairs 
Sad, isn't ? When u know someone who pass away bcos of cancer. 
Sacking off revision for a starbucks. Sad thing is it just means I'm going to be working longer not any less 
Sad I hve to miss the wedding. I wish I felt better.I also had a rough night which doesn't help..at all 
Sad that the Nuggets lost 
@IEatPaper Sad that the Nuggets lost 
Sad that we won't be able to get together to make the movie this weekend. 
&quot;Holy crap, you look like a porn star!&quot;  - my mom on my 4 year old daughter's tap costume for recital. Sad thing is...she is right 
On my way to the post-marathon &quot;fun run.&quot; Sad that I won't be running due to toe injuries 
@beeryce Sad panda. 
Sad that today is the last day of my 1st externship 
I have parked and have also realized I forgot my camera. Sad  #wordcamp
Sad the last of my money went to alcohol. 
Sad face  I'm comfey in bed now my baby won't cuddle with me
Out.... Wally world then who knows... No plans tonight  since I guess I won't be going to the birthday cookout... Sad..
&quot;quit, 2 older ladies are behind us&quot; says the 4 eight year olds in front of @triskenikole and i. Sad day! 
There is actually no one in the admin offices but me... Sad day 
http://twitpic.com/6a07b - Sad face  i have a stye!
I feel guilty when I'm happy these days. Sad thing 
Sad face.   
Cute boy next door is def. moving. Sad Sad day. 
Sad that @jscoot and @marfaaaa are not out here.  
Sad that i'm not at emily's birthday.  i love you emily!!
interesting time actually catching up w/ friends......some disappointment w/ ppl not in touch w/ and missing... Sad how things go 
Sad cause I'm at work and everyone drinking and have fun w/out me 
@Phish hits the road again tomorrow. Looking forward to setlist updates. Sad that I may not get to hit anything this summer. 
I'm tired of the sun.  It's not going away for days yet, but I'm done with it.  Where can I go to escape?  Sad, it's only in the mid 70's 
@Ryanwmitchell I recognize that sink! Sad I couldn't see you guys. 
@sablevenus Lol. I don't even bother. Sad times. 
Sad face... 
Sad @dannydubstep isn't coming  but with @JoshScott stuffing our faces with delicious food!
@Randalindsey no invite? Sad face 
@aperock I REALLY wanted to see that movie but my car literally died and I had to tow him and walk home. Sad cat. 
@absolutment I was at central's graduation, too! Sad I didn't see you  why wasn't I twittering? bahhhhh
Sad that the footie season is over 
Sad @haykuro is leaving 
Watching click. Sad sad movie 
Caveliers lost!!! Sad about that!!! 
Sad for people 
@trvsbrkr awww didn't know that. Sad 
@SpringWestEnd I shall miss your tweets  Sad it's all over now.
Packing the car to head back home. Sad to say that vacation is almost over. 
Up early. Sad about lebron 
@nikkin00dle  Sad that you have to go so soon!  You'll have to stay longer next time!
@ZachMaine what happened? How did you manage that?  accidentally run it over? Sad banana.
Some animal attacked the duck nest.  All the eggs were destroyed.  Sad.
Last few hrs with the team. Sad 
@AmMarvellous Sad to hear you are still sick in bed  What book are you reading currently for your book club?
Sad that sissy leaves today 
Eating lunch. Sad that we are leaving later. There are now people to miss in my life 
Already back in an airport. Sad.   
Sad that I had to come home early, even sadder that it was under these circumstances! 
Sad again today!  found out grandma is in the hospital! She's been there most of the week. Should get out today tho!
My PC may have just died. Sad times 
Sad cause I only got to see the bestie for like 2 seconds today 
Sad that @Joyfullyblessed doesn't respond to me... 
Enjoying the last hour i will spend with my husband today. Sad that he has to work a 10-hour day. 
@pamcase Why on earth would anyone unfollow you because you tweet from church? Sad 
Sad news, that. 
is having one of those days. Sad face.  x
I didn't even know red &amp; yellow M&amp;M were in a committed relationship.  Sad they've split  http://bit.ly/17SuvR
@nutcase101 Sad to be missing you, too! 
Sad that  dad lost in the first round 
Sad cuz my sister is going away for 3 days on her 8th grade trip 
@beckyhansen trying to get grass to grow &amp; weeds to die, many flowers sacrificed themselves un the round-up run off with the rain. Sad 
Sad, @veganrunnindad just left for the next 4 days 
Sad, @veganrunningdad just left for the next 4 days 
The relatives leave today.  Sad.  
Sad to be moving out of our apt. 
Sad the weekend is at an end 
Sad my polaroid instant film is nearly gone now. 
Sad  I did not win the emerald from #samuelgordon. Congrats @MomRN!
Watching nicole play sims,wishing I could play. Sad face 
Sad my lovely weekend is coming to an end!  back to work tomm!
Sad  finna take out my sadness on the bag then shower and sleeeeppppp
Sad for many reasons. 
Sad that the amazing weekend is over 
Sad now. No more cereal. 
Sad and in pain. 
Sad to be stuck in an attic office at work while its still super sunny outside 
I dont want to let her go. Sad morning! @Tinacramer leaves 
Not much.  Just learned my best friend mom passed away yesterday.  Sad 
@divatchic Y U no follow me?  What up gurl?  Sad 
Sad...A330 missing somewhere in the atlantic  scary
@aalaap Sad to hear that man 
Sad face, watching the last jay leno show 
@BreakingNews Sad day! 
@FXStefan Sad news.   I hope no one loses their jobs but that's probably being naive on my part.
Shld be working but side tracked to writing letters home. Sad when ppl u love are getting old   Makes u miss Ol'Blighty
@Shadez  Sad coz todays plnz dint fall thru,..! 
Sad because of another tragedy... 
Last day in #BsAs, charging up for another long flight. It has been a spectacular trip. Sad to leave 
@cuddlykatz you never called us! Sad panda 
Sad bear  today not very good at all!
@mikekochansky Unfortunately, I think it's another way of saying &quot;haven't found crash site yet.&quot;  Sad.
Missing my family, haven't seen them since thanksgiving. Sad lip 
Where's my picture gone? I'm back to being o_O Sad now  x
@fouadm Sad, but true... I have to support those stinking PCs! 
@WendiTV MIght not work so well on the ocean floor.  Sad story..
 just sold my ferret...its new owner picks him up tomo.  Sad but its time for me to get a grown up pet. So I'm having a baby.
@alipaly yes it is. Sad 
@JasonBradbury those jetskies are awsome. Sad that series has finished 
@ladyofsalzburg I know.  Sad aren't I?  Will just have to go &amp; look at my one &amp; only picture of long hair again...  
Waking up to see my baby boy is gone. He left me for dad! I remember before daddy came home it was us kiddo! Sad  http://twitpic.com/6f5k3
Sad there are many layoffs at my office today...   
Sad that chris betrayed gene hunt in ashes to ashes tonight. Sadder there's only 1 episode left 
Just heard that clients don't find site usability to be a priority. Sad to have spent so much time on something that will crash and burn. 
Sad for my parents. 
fEElin REALLy Sad       .............i DoNt LiKe tHiS FeeLin...
Ssssssoooooooooooo. Sad right now 
http://twitpic.com/6fkwt - Sad about not having twitter alerts 
Sad I missed @lilibeth and @regarcia23 
@mandyva I agree. I got teary eyed when I watched it last week. I never thought their relationship would come to that. Sad 
@AliGraysAnatomy Sad but true. If it is possible, the second looks 10x worse than the first 
I'm Sad, in the hospital with my mom!  
Sad ... fought with my father 
Sad without my babe at my side..... 
Sad new twitters my son lost his grandpa last night 
Sad... the more I go out to 2nd ave on happy hour, the more I realize that downtown is losing sunlight and gaining shadows 
Sad to say goodbye to a friend and a great boss 
At home alone missing @hillarypeartree . Sad face. 
Sad tonight, my heart aches and I am praying that everything will be alright. 
i had a really great weekend with great company! Sad they are leaving 
Sad i missed my hott date! 
@t_pot I would but I'm hungry and want to go to lunch.  Sad for you 
@InKatlinsPahnts oh no.. #babytweeter is growing up. Sad 
@HeathE2003 this is my new account  when i logged into the other it said I didnt exist.  Sad.
@heatherja11 awww!!!! I did NOT need to read that today!! Sad  But let's not dwell on it...we won't let this be the end!!!
My 10 year high school reunion is in 3 weeks and I'll be there w/o my hubby.  Sad 
Sad, #1 not txting me back  lol.
Sad _____ is leaving next week.  damn summer vacays. But I'll find someone else to entertain me I'm sure.
@trixxaayyy Sad.   #whatsmysection  #whatsmysection  #whatsmysection
Sad times, I 4got my headphones so no music 2day 
goodnight  my phone gets taken away. Sad life.
@TheDannyNoriega Sad times... 
Sad very sad, I just got this cute pink skirt and pink fishnet top a few weeks ago that i haven't even worn yet and now they are missing 
Sad to watch your car taken off on a low loader 
Sad that the hot weather does not look like it's going to last:! 
Sad dream last night  missssss.
@jookboxcharlie I know. Sad, sad, sad. 
Sad that all my LSs have moved or are moving out of town 
Sad story this morning  I'm going to see my mom today &amp; she's getting a bear hug
Sad to be back from my holidays 
Sad that our visitors are gone 
@iamjonathanclay Sad to say but where I live a father ate his sons eyes and that just hit a sore spot. 
@RockiesMLB Sad day 
getting drunk on a Tuesday, Sad Sad Sad. 
Just said bye to @lin7. Sad day  love u smeigs
Still have at least another half hour wait before I can see a doctor. Sad panda. 
@babygirlparis so glad u kept stephen. He's so down to earth &amp; a sweetie. So Sad they made him feel bad about dancing 
@delta_goodrem hope the move went well. Sad I won't see you around the 'loo' anymore! 
My flight control is borked!  Sad times
Just about to go to the office. Sad to see that the sun is almost gone 
@michellebranch Sad day! 
@LunaTechie I prob won't be able to make it bc of work  &amp; my wallet is also crying. Sad.
@Starshadow oh no  I had great fun reading those books. Sad now
@JonnyFabulous :O return of the poorly eye! Sad times 
Sad that I won't be able to make it to employment.nil? this weekend   #rubyjobfair
Sad about my car 
Just learned that #DavidEddings died yesterday. Sad sad news 
@KenDoll98 slept Greeeaaattt!!! Sad that its time to head home. Going to miss my mommy 
Sad songs make long car rides even more sad  hugs?
Sad face. All my pictures are too big for twitter. 
Sad that @laurenconrad left the hills!! 
Sad that jen bunny is going home.... 
@swearingwatcher Ahh, sorry about that, I have a filter build in that should have caught that.  Sad.
@Shoq Sad that THAT's the list I'm on. 
My boyfriend and I broke up this morning. Sad, but real.... now i have to get over it 
@megsiapnogan Nothing major, just some nasty comments from people I didn't expect it from. Sad lang that people don't appreciate you 
@kinkay  Sad face..ii want yu to come
@sarahgilbert  Sad when honesty is the anomaly.
Sad that it's been raining and I'm stuck inside broke and hate the rain  http://twitpic.com/6ot91
Sad triathlon class is over 
 having just a Horrible Sad day. i hate those so much.
Sad to me-just cuz someone has a unique, &quot;crazy&quot;, out of the &quot;norm&quot; hairstyle- someone calls them, &quot;freak&quot;  Doesn't mean anything!!
Sad I don't get to have girls night tonight. 
Sad cause footstar is quiet 
TGIF! Sad that the swimming weather is gone for the weekend   But good if you need some sleep.
@joshblaylock  I know!!!! Sad about it. 
@liz4flowers I just got home from dinner out and found nesting material scattered all over. I think something got into the birdhouse! Sad 
Oh no!! Sad  yeah I am nervous about getting a job.
@Bookfoolery Sad.  #bookparty
Oh my gosh! Hes moving to canada. NOOOOOOOO  :'( Sad times..
1.75 miles down, 1.25 to go. Sad that 3 miles kicks my ass this much. 
my guitar string popped! Sad day 
Watching 20/20. Sad story 
Sad and at work 
#otalia #bpd podcast is full and the quality online is awful.  Sad! 
@darthbender I resorted to my ex-boyfriend. Sad. 
Sad night - my 8yr old guinea pig passed away 
Missing a certain person. Sad they left  Wish they'd realise what they did to me...
I wish I could put my feelings into words, I really do. The only word I can really come up with though is dissapointed.  Sad, hurt?
Sad cuz I can't find my phone 
Sad I'm too impoverished to go to the picnic 
I have waited for long time just to find out that it will only disappoint me.. Sad!!! but i cannot do anything about it 
I never fight with my close friends. So far i've duked it out with two of my closest this week. Sad 
I'm a little miffed, the store was out of my favorite cookies  Sad, sad me.
Sad that I have to work today 
Sad thinking about shiloh 
Storage unit reserved- making progress. Sad, I don't want to move 
Sad it's over 
Sad my bff is leaving.. 
Sad about kevin  x LoveIsDEAD x
Sad day.. The birthday party got rained out today   Sad for the birthday party but we really do need the rain.
@gattaca wow.  That is horrible about that overheard conversation.  Sad 
The iced coffee that was in my van is now cold coffee-flavored water. Sad 
Decided not to go out tonight. Sad cesar is leaving tomorrow! 
: Sad that the sun is gone 
Sad to hear that my friend's dog has liver cancer 
my phone broke. Sad. 
Dance recital went great ! Sad it's over though 
@JasmynElizabeth I jus saw it.. lol.. you know my phone still actin silly.. Sad face 
@PCPMarauder I am so proud of you! You are working this twitter thangg  But not that many people use this  Sad!
Sad..  wish I coulda stayed with hunnie longer
@vanderbiltwife I feel for you. That happened to me within the last 5 years. All 4 died very close together in years. Sad 
Sad, the kitten my mom an nephews have been taking care of past away  I'm such a softie for animals. We miss her
Sad i cant get ahold of my baby 
Sad day man arlovski is one of my fav fighters of all time 
bachelorette party was super fun... until my car was smashed to bits coming home  Sad dead car panda.
robot's leg came off. Sad. 
Sad I'm missing the concert tomorrow. 
@ETeee oh my.. 5-0  ouch.. Sad I'm not there. Have fun &amp; be safe ya'll!!
Sad that my vacation is coming to an end... one more day left 
@loveandbooze  Awww...I bet you're feeling horrible having to leave your nephew &amp; fam. It's tough not living close by. Sad, sad panda...  
Sad tonight.  And I don't know why  I just want sammy to be ok.
is at a bar where everyone else has someone but me. Sad face. 
Sad the wknd is over 
@jordanknight I actually got it this time 2!!!! Sad I'll get no credit!! 
I spent a total of 50 minutes making my beef pot pie only to have dropped  it while walking to the living room to eat it. Sad not mad 
No date with the boyfriend today. Sad.... 
Headed to the lake for my last dive. Sad about the penguins loss. 
Sad day today no more salted carmel hot choc at @starbucks  i think i might cry!
@LynnK10 No kidding! If we can drive in one run himself that'll be one more than we've had in the last two games. Sad 
@broadwaypulse  I can imagine - some big losses this year. Sad 
Sad, it's raining 
Sad my boys are gone 
I went outside and its a little too gloomy outside for the beach... Sad day... 
wants to thank @trent_reznor @nineinchnails  for an awesome awesome show last night!  Sad to see you guys go  but thanks for everything!
Sad she missed church today 
Sad. @codylinleyy deleted.  I SRSLY think I'm gonna die. I feel that bad. D:
Sad now 
Sad that we can't DM ourselves 
wishing @lindb263 a happy drunken 21st!  Sad I couldn't be there with you 
Sad that I missed what looked like a good night with my pals.. but made dece monies to make up for it.. still bummed though 
Sad to see the weekend end 
sitting down in central park, amazing weather and vibes. Sad to leave tomorrow  but excited to get playing properly again!
@Alecmonty Sad world when people start voting for the likes of them 
Sad that @tylerazevedo left me  but on the brighter side, the next time we see each other is for the wedding!!
Up was... Sad. 
@rebekahfair  I know, right? I'm so depressed about the whole thing. Just yesterday he was this little thing, now he's all grown up. Sad. 
Sad day... We turned the ac on... 
@mileycyrus Maybe because your heart can't take being away from the person you love so much.... Sad feeling... 
this was an awsome weekend! Sad to see it leave 
Sad to not be going to the drive-in theatre tonight  On the brighter side, You guys like my new manicure?   http://twitpic.com/6vg9b
Sad now 
Sad my hubby had to go home and can't spend the rest of the week with us!!  We will miss him 
@MRIGUY129 haha i totally should!! Dunno if there are any tho.... Sad 
Wow he said he's retiring! Sad! 
Sad this very fun weekend has come to an end 
Sad to see the weekend is over  http://myloc.me/2Zp5
Watching the news....  Sad, they must have put that young man in a tree shredder... too many bags to be find one person in 
is so proud of my nephew, he graduated h.s. today. Sad I couldn't be there. 
hates dell. Seriously, they suck. AND..........I start class tomorrow  Sad day.
Going to bed. Sad little person 
Sad the leaky oxyclean bottle messed up her orange purse 
Sad to see my visitors go 
and I still dont look good  Sad face 
Sad today.....last day in my childhood home before my parents move 
Sad coz home alone&amp; not handling happy couples on tv 
@juicyblue Sad to hear about horatio 
Sad yoga news though - core power teacher (who is fabulously awesome) is pregnant so no more core power  Obviously, not sad for her!
Sad imma miss my bestie  and she s going to d.r for the summer
Sad the weekend is over 
Sad to find out someone I knew in fandom passed away yesterday. Entirely too young.  #fb
Sad day today.  It has been one year  since my mom passed.  
Sad you aren't going to be here when I get off work 
I'm ready to go home now, but sadly still have 3 hours to go!! Sad face 
I don't want to go home! Sad faec 
Waititng for the train to take us back into the city and catch our flight home. Sad its time to already leave 
@r_woomble Sad news  Really annoying that it only takes one out of all of us that bought the album to do this and ruin the process.
Sad CMAFest is over.   I don't want 2 leave NashVegas.
Last day of art 2! Sad 
@PeepingNee    Sad times.
@JoshTPDX tried to follow @RavisMalthus but he has a privets twitter account and needs to follow me first... Sad... 
Sad  It's been a long day.
My friend is gone. Sad day 
@LegalAdmin I know. Sad I can't make it.  Have a drink for me!
Sad basketball is over til next year 
@FallOutCookGirl me too.  Sad
@wewillbelegends very much so what? Sad? 
@blackmailer_627 i l0ve u. . . Sad i cAN'T SEe u, t0day. . . 
Sad, bored and lonely on skype. 
Sad I lost my camera  ..chillin with miranda for the night.
Sad  but xtd!!
Sad day today, had to put my dog down, she was my first pet. 
I don't really like the new iPhone 3Gs ads. Sad 
How come I never see any celebs... Sad... 
@SashaGrey Sad 
Its way too dark thunder-y and scary! Sad day.  This rain business needs to go away.
Sad that ye lion's den is now closed. . .great food! 
@eellsworth Sad, me neither 
@ItsJustMe_ He never mentioned amaeballs!  The moment has passed. Sad.
Sad. my neighbors dog died of heat exhaustion. 
Girls are sitting there crying because the thing is hurt. They didn't listen to me when I said end its misery and just hit it again. Sad 
@kimmy2006 I know, its exciting! The next week is going to be mad. Sad to think that in 7 days is last date til summer  too fast!
Sad my nights over...but this lil lady needs to work tomorrow 
The cows are really crying tonight.  Such emotional creatures.  Sad 
Sad to find after seconds of research that @strongbad is not the @strongbad I want him to be. I miss me some homestarrunner 
Sad it's bed time cus that means work again  gotta do what we gotta do night Twitterzanes!
Sad to be home 
Heading back to soton now for 2 weeks then returning to cambridge permanently. Sad times 
@BeachMomOf2 Sad we haven't been on twitter at the same time lately!   I have insomnia so I decided to say hi.
Just noticed that one of my favorite tweeps deleted their account... Sad 
Is on my way back to nde. Sad to leave my family 
@Ceilidhann  Sad! I hope you find something more fun and less back spasm-y to do with your summer.
Barely got any sleep last night and now stuck in traffic on my way to work... been sitting here forever. Fabulous. Sad about stuff, tears 
@courtneylotzer I don't think I can make it today! Sad 
@carbyville haha. Sad. I guess we should just shut up and enjoy what we gots. 
Would have been 2nd in the relay too if we hadn't been disqualified. Sad times 
Sad that I am at work instead of helping out with vacation bible school 
Sad  wish I could go 2 genesis tonight! Another night of training!
I don't like it when my friends are unhappy, and 2 of them are having relationship issues. Sad panda. 
Sad how she counted 19, wats worse is that she thought 17 was 19   http://twitpic.com/7jov6
It has been a rough week for me so far. Sad right. 
Totally loving this weather!! Sad it's going to be, like, 90 tomorrow 
Another fish died. Sad sad day. I think he was murdered. 
@RobbieBarnes :O I remember reading that in year 6! Sad book 
Sad, and short story.  
@yuntraining it was all over the net.  Sad 
Headed to dinner with @djh2004 hmmm probably one of the last... Sad day 
Sad because i probably wont make it to band practice tomorrow... 
I go to work and miss the party pics?    Sad times.
@_Babzz_ Sad to say the ppl I talk to on twitter are the only ppl I talk to. 
Sad that our last tennis lesson is over 
Watching forrest gump on youtube.  Sad that part seven is missing.  
There was a snake in my garage that ate the eggs that the birdies laid. Sad, sad. 
@dweetie Thanks! Sad to hear I wasn't cool before 
Sad truth - people must die if change is to happen   #iranelection
Sad..lonely..and bored 
Sad news today.... friend has to wait 5 days to hear about her tumor 
Aaaaaand as it turns out, I locked my keys in the apt. Sad turn of events 
Jealous/Sad I can't look up at the sky and see stars at night  lol @dolcelaalaa
Sad to say bye to everyone 
Sad Sad Sad...my presentation is tomorrow 
Sad that the boys are headed back to paradise...i guess u gotta do what I gotta do 
Going to bed. Sad there won't be a mess of twitter update texts to read in the morning  ...Or maybe there will be, I suppose
Sad that shootings, stabbings and dog barking contests are more important than an event that brings the community together 
@SandiMon yes, I passed on my apologies to @mr_billiam.  Sad I won't meet a few on the list ;)- was excited!!  but will make the next one.
Sad. The amber fell out of my mermaid necklace 
Off out for a jog in the rain - hoping not to freeze or drown. Sad that I'll have to go without my tunes - mp3 still at mum's. 
Sad I didnt get to meet up with my cousins 
@Rocks4Ever Sad  x
Sad he is more into his game and now I am at the hospital all alone...  he did not even care last night...
@Lucifyr I would have, but couldn't fit through the monitor. Sad day.  I had strange dreams involving you, btw. And needles. And BullmanX.
@pugmom2 Sad, isn't it?  That's when you know you're no longer the target audience. 
Tmrw will be the last day to teach my little kiddos. They were such a great,fun and adorable students of mine. Sad to say good-bye 
The stupidity of some people is ridiculous! Sad to say a lot of them are my cuzins, lol 
Sad I can't go to the laker parade  eff work
Sad about the geese.  .
hmmm.. not getting updates on my phone.. Sad 
Sad. I just saw a dead kitty that looked like my dottie. 
Sad...I have no one following me 
I can't believe my little baby is 2 now. Sad 
@juliaerickson take your salary/12 - lose that every month you are unemployeed and become less employ-able. Sad. 
Sad that others are getting the 3.0 update. How come I don't yet? 
@Goldyfinch Sad indeed 
Fedex was supposed to be here before 10:30-it is 10:45 and I need to leave for a shoot in 15... prob have to pick up laptop later. Sad 
Sad note however I got bit on top of my foot by a mosquito while winning the skittles 
Sad song 
My phone died 2 hrs ago. I finally charge it and turn it back on. No texts or missed calls. Sad 
@Murdersandwich Sad face 
@sockington and @aMMPh  Sad  after reading about both of you losing a cherished companion  
@TeeEss I never relax. Sad clown 
@Sewwychristine - And thus, our love will never be consummated.  Sad times for everyone.
Watching a spider wing its web around a firefly in its web. The firefly is blinking its last blinks. Sad. 
At work right now. Sad that i have to work till 5pm today instead of 230. I'm goin 2 b so tired when i finish  Why is other girl sick?
Sad about the news... 
@royalkingrich The past couple of days yeah. Sad, but yeah. I can quit anytime I want to though. They all say that huh. 
@cossiebaby LOL, I'm guessing that it's going back then  Sad.
Sad to leave the cym rave! 
Sad to be leaving nashville...again..tomorrow.   =(
ANOTHER one of us got caught doing bad things! Sad day, be careful guys!    #tcot #gop #morerepublicanswhocantpracticewhattheypreach
iPhone os 3.0 installed. Sad to see all of my hard work from jailbreaking gone.  soon I will rebuild my masterpiece
@inrsoul: I'm considered a good infection dude, I spread only the good stuffs. S'poreans best at complacency. Sad huh. 
Getting in bed. Without you. Sad.  I do not think I will be sleeping soundly tonight.
He knows we are leaving... Sad times  http://twitpic.com/7oy0e
Sad my dog is refusing to sleep with me (night 3)... This bed is lonely without @AaronBishop 
I'm SO Sad  i don't wanna see my report .. hope this day will never never neveer come ... i wish that i believed u when u said it's hard !
@MaryAlice__ Sad 
Packing up my room today ready to move out on sunday! Sad times! 
Sad just when I wanted to play pet society it's down for maintenance.    #Playfish #PetSociety
I missed the call from my boo.  Sad face 
Whooohooo only six hours left of summer class...Sad thing they split it into two days 
Sad to miss out on flamingo land 
A bunch of the tropical fish in the aquarium outside my office died mysteriously. Sad. 
@baital I guess that means the party is canceled! So Sad 
Sad to know that I can't reply to any1 here coz I'm using my hp to update.. 
Sad, I lost all of my text message 
 sad sad sad its official lost my camera. Sad............. - http://tweet.sg
@lilracedevil @fairbornchick hates us! Sad faces! 
Kittens are going soon. Sad times. I love them too much 
Sad my puppy died.. 
@wtftastic Sad tweet is sad 
Sad big bang theory is ending 
Sad: all my former homes are &quot;shrinking&quot; and considering bulldozing themselves  http://ow.ly/eSQz But will they become more livable?
Sad news: in an hour i'm going to be leaving for work 
Why is there no milk in the house  Sad times, I can't get no cereal (((sheds a tear)))
Sad and really hungry aren't a good combination 
Sad that I missed my sister getting sworn into the bar 
@melistocrat haha I know! Sad part is that I was in meetings all day and missed it 
I am watching im a celebrity get me out of here. Lol. Sad that janice is gone she is such a nice person and good friend 
Sad I have missed 2 labs  I hate you, crappy internet.
Ridiculous choice for the boy. That's crap. Sad day 
Sad  just lost my bestfriend but at the same time I can't feel like I'm second 2 anybody sorry.............
Sad about the results of tonights sytycd 
Sad face 
Sad, sad really sad 
Sad that F1 is never going to be the same 
No one ever wants to play my zombie board game. I've gotten to play it exactly once in the 3 years I've owned it. Sad but true. 
@knatr lol oh how true. Its funny but sad. Sad cuz its true 
@marcothesis  Sad times. I wonder if it is the weather... didn't think of that.
#F1 Confirmed: breakaway series to be launched. Sad, really sad 
Sad I couldnt be with my best friend on her birthday. 
@joeymcintyre Have you read this article? Sad!  http://bit.ly/5NMvY
Just home from the lake!  Sad but glad to be home.
Why do I bother to be friends with assholes?? Sad.. 
Sad sad sad  some things don't change &amp;are hurting me...
Is wide awake  and the book I'm reading is not interesting enough to keep me from twitter. Sad but true
Fixing to crash out after a long day... Sad for my friends who r havin it hard  It must be a full moon soon???
Sad he IS a badness  I guess no phone time tonight. Lol oh well.
All on my lonesim 4da weekend  Sad
A Sad moment 
@ColoradoMac LOL, yeah, that's true  not only do we get it later, but we get it at a higher price and with less benefits. Sad times.
Sad...  not ok with this whole being single thing.... 
Has a banging headache this morning.  Sad times  #fb
Just got off the phone with a friend who put down her beloved dog. That makes two friends who've lost adored pets in the past week. Sad 
omg final day of tech week!!!!!!! ()  happy &amp; Sad
Sad....gotta wait till after work 2 get my iphone cuz the line was 2 long this morning 
I'm packing up my room  Sad times!
@ChiBlackhawks Spreadsheet? Sad. 
has to work all day and then gets to do the final Adults only night  &lt;Sad face.
World hunger hits one billion people.  So Sad  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8109698.stm
Already managed to get hole in new tshirt. Sounds like me. Sad. I like this one 
isn't going to get to hang out with the bestie until next weekend. Sad day. 
@TsQuest Sad that conflict happens during this time.  ((twugs)) (lol)
Nervous about tomorrow night :/ Sad about the past, wish I wasn't available to date  I guess what's done is done though.
@shutterxdown I know!!! I just saw that on the news! Sad day 
Sad about rafa... 
@OKProductions  I just found out about this. Sad.
@magickhooly I know. Sad times 
Sad... nothing works 
McFly was amazing, just incredible! I hurt all over now though! Sad that its over 
Sad day... my sister leaving for the States this afternoon, won't see her for 6 months 
@TraceCyrus I was there today, and you guys is awesome! Sad that you played just one song then 
Sad that i will be missing mpls pride 
alone on a friday night and eating sushi! Sad!  
Sad to start reading breaking dawn 
I just started watchin whale wars and all I can say is..... Sad 
I'm too drunk to do the mani part of my mani/pedi.  Sad day.
Sad in my hotel room waiting for a call that will never come 
@Althe.. Sad?!?  why? What happen?! !?
The barries language has hit a new low...daniel didn't know the word thank and mom. Sad 
Sad a little bit. Maybe I'm over reacting 
I want to know why twitter says I have 5 followers, but when I click on it only 3 pictures pop up.  Sad face 
Sad I'm missing @musedandabused @kthejewel @icontips @blacksocialite @jenniferpauline @freddyb87 @daveriich @heyitsjarrod 
Looks like #j-ongaku is dead. Sad that 
Just dropped my daddy off at the airport.. Sad he's missing fathers day 
Late-night stuffy nose. Sad times. 
Sad &amp; disappointed 
Watching the green mile. Sad movie. 
I just shaved, so I guess it's back to getting carded when I buy bullets or beer--just like everyone else my age. Sad 
Year one of uni over! I move out of halls today. Sad times 
People walking around outside like it's normal to be outside. I want to be outside. The air is cool-perfect sleeping weather. Sad 
I apparently can't deal with women. Sad 
Sad that i have been gone for a week missing my puppy and tomorrow i have to leave again for a week 
Sad that I'll miss a band signing cause I'll be on a 'vacation' next week 
We're taking my cats to be rehomed. Sad day 
Sad cookie says screw hope 
@BeckySmithster true. Sad songs are a bitch. In the car last night mum had heart fm playing and it was heartbreaker songs all night 
alright, post-production 99% complete. Sad part is, I have accidently deleted another project which was a really good track 
Sad I'm missing the yard sale &amp; good company.   @sjanelowe @wrendi @rvlockard
My cousin in kansas ( @tbradshaw ) is getting married today! Congrats! Sad I couldn't go 
On the bus and ready to get home. Sad that i cant go to emma's birthday party 
still sobbing from 'becoming jane'  Sad times.
Sad  cause josh is with his dad
Sad that a great love story is coming to an end 
@ItayshaPhoto she so pretty. Sad I was booked 
Sad about having to work tonight.  
Sad cuz my fish r hungry 
Sad times at the minute!  my grandad is terminly ill with cancer  i love you granddad!
Sad about my aunt's passing... 
Sad for the vaca to be over 
Sad to be back on land 
@KepisMubx will do!!! They just told us we only hgad an hour for the whole meet and greet!! Lots of people!! Sad!! 
@daniellanep you were not a cool roommate last night. my friends came by around 12:30 - you were in bed.  Sad. I told them about you, bud!
Sad sad sad. While I was sleeping, I was outbid by $5. Goodbye, dream bag. 
home from in-laws - helped them plant flowers &amp; installed new dock. Sad health news on mom-in-law 
Phone is about to die. Sad day... 
Sad to find out that we'll have to put my kitty, of 17 years, down on monday 
Weekend was a blast... At least until now...  Sad moments tend to pop up when I'm at my happiest moments.. WHy do I both sometimes :*(
Sad cause lukas wont be my friend 
@imjstsayin Sad but ok...  No sun all day. 
@larabunz Sad  I'm gonna go crazy if I don't get the internet soon!
Sad fire  http://yfrog.com/12t5aj
Watching gran torino. Aww. Sad ending 
Sad face 
I am so hungry. What type of person procrastinates on eating? A type of person like me! Sad, I know  Going to rummage through the kitchen
Sad of not been able to spent father's day with my dad now that he's been sick.Lots of work and I still don't see the end of the tunnel 
Accepting the weight-is giving up on yourself  I feel sad for these obese women. So Sad.
Sad that baby is working on our anniversary     stopping to see hiim then a few random stops
@cheesemosa No updates yet.   Sad huh.
@MarissaNieto Sad, thanks for the invite  
Thats Sad  ......http://bit.ly/14oRQe
@caz_k Sad that I missed out on seeing you 
Sad my hubs was called in to cover for people today and has to miss out on his fun filled fathers day 
Heading to the bay.  Sad to say goodbye to my fellow gymnastics obsessor/coach 
@miakirstien loooove it! I didn't get to meet up with matty yesterday! Sad 
Sad.. What to do today? 
@jesj4 Sad face 
Sad that everyone is leaving 
I broke my favorite sunglasses.. Sad face.. 
@ChristianElliot I'm glad you mentioned that.  I'm sure there are more women involved than what even stats point out.  Sad, but true.  
Bad things happen so often and good things so seldom...Sad 
Sad to know I am leaving the big easy for a while.. 
R.I.P my cat of 16 years. Sad day 
want to be on #litchat but can't because I am finishing off two articles that need to go online. Sad 
The only thing that sucks about being in new york is being so close to my sister and the baby and not getting to see them. Sad bear 
Last @cobradogs of the year!!! Sad day   http://twitpic.com/854fp
Sad cuz my aunt passed away last nite 
Sad that her old friend from elementary's brother passed away. I cannot imagine the pain she is feeling. 
Sad @krystylin won't b seein fireworks wit me 
After 7 years of togetherness my favorite lounging boxers ripped.  They will be hard to replace. Sad!!!!
@MDuppler  booo, goodbye jon and kate! Sad day in tlc history...
#jon&amp;kate are divorcing...i knew that was coming. Sad 
Sad day for jon and kate 
@HopeHeals Sad indeed 
My shoulders are burnt. Sad times. 
Sad day...ed mcmahon died. 
is planning to take 17 orphans from a puppy mill. We hear they are pretty neglected. Not sure what time they will arrive yet. Sad 
Sad, my parents are going home 
@jtky Ahhh I see. I never had that impression  Sad huh
SO Sad that happn_in_cinci is not following me today  But think they should since my visionary skills would help them see the future!
Sad that her nieces are gone. 
@tokyohanna ANY excuse to listen to that masterpiece. Sad news, though 
@jessica5483 Sad face  What's wrong?
Sometimes i feel bad, do all boys feel that they won't be called gay unless they get a girlfriend? So Sad 
My perfectly good stranger is gone!  I'm Sad twitter hunnies cheer me up! Lol 
Doesn't get gambling maybe  it's because I'm losing!?!? Sad face  #fb http://twitpic.com/8cfw4
Sad molly is leaving. 
Sad Jonny is Sad. 
@bobamy @h_bomb1013 I've got bananas, but at home. Only one left. Sad 
Sad i wasnt at the david archuleta concert tonightt&lt;3  loved tonight and pumpeddd for the weekenddd!
@sherefried damn...ya'll didn't think to come swoop me up and take me along? Sad 
My son is learning to fall asleep on his own accord... still havin' issues  Sad to walk down the stairs while he screams...
@chrispirillo I had previously arrangement appointments and couldn't make it. Is there a recap anywhere? Sad I had to miss. 
Sad I can't go to PTUB tomorrow, especially when it's opposite my office 
feels so useless for tomorrow  Sad sad sad.
@Syliss I don't think so either. Sad thing is I actually haven't used it much because of exams 
The hot water ran out before my bath was full and I didn't realise before I got in. Sad face 
@Destanny: oh phyllis hyman  such a talent and she was never really recognized either. . Sad
Sad  thinking about things I dont want to think about
had a great dinner and conversation last night with @ndickens and @cuskibum Sad that we're already at the last day of #flc09 
@fi69 Sad day,indeed  x
Last day of school - hard to believe!!  So happy not to have to make school lunches!  Sad that I won't be at home as much 
I wonder if I should go out on a man-hunt this weekend..?? I just don't know if men are worth the effort anymore...Sad,but true 
So happy I got to wake up to Taylors voice this morning. Sad its going to be a few days before I hear it again.  Missing him so much r ...
Sad that the gatorade is gone 
@fiofo LOL. No mention of meerkats though. Sad times 
@Mommykins41 Sad 
@ThisIsRobThomas I figured that after I saw the TV in the dorm lobby. Sad. 
Rest in peace farrah fawcett. Sad day 
@fae_kae I just found out. Sad 
Sad all the time. 
No more summer dance team practices... Ever... In my life... Sad day 
@hammer_n_tubing i did enjoy  Sad times indeed
@jasimmo Sad show off actually 
Sad part is: it's the second time this happens, in a month... I'll be biting my tongue tomorrow to prevent word vomit at said teachers! 
@troyaaron Sad times.  I'm seeing coraline in 3d today, good times.  I'll let u know how it is! 
Having to write a real looking paper letter. Not done one of those for a very long time. Sad really. 
Sad thing is samsam loves my sexy crooked body! And she wants to sex it now 
Sad about leaving, excited for the move..tiiireed....gotta finish last min. stuffage..need coffee..and an assistant 
@rpallen  I've started to enjoy bike maintenance too. Sad I know.
Wants to go (top)shopping...but instead is mock driving test and finishing assignment. Sad times. There's always tomorrow though 
I am so ready for a relaxing weekend. Sad that it's going to rain pretty much the whole time but I can get some planning done 
@dirkjohnson Sad or maybe kinda beautiful? I find music to be the most powerful tool for sending my thoughts to long forgotten places... 
