Most common words for this cluster:
[('sat', 389), ('fri', 130), ('wed', 111), ('mon', 92), ('amp', 85), ('thurs', 79), ('night', 74), ('day', 55), ('work', 54), ('sun', 49), ('home', 40), ('i', 38)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sat', 0.9523822665214539), (u'Fri', 0.9297856092453003), (u'Wed', 0.8958953619003296), (u'Tue', 0.8740049004554749), (u'Thurs', 0.8123252987861633), (u'Thu', 0.8112473487854004), (u'Tues', 0.7922479510307312), (u'Mon', 0.7898750901222229), (u'By_Thorin_Klosowski', 0.7584498524665833), (u'Hardbeatnews_BROOKLYN_NY', 0.7554367780685425)]





@rcompo RACHEL! hang outage is neccessary - i was gonna be home this wekend but dumb folk make me work   so im free F and Sat until 4...
I am home missing my baby  Busy week ahead Fri is a chill day with my guy and kids, Egg hunt Sat, Spiral and DMB Sat night and Easter!
@iB3nji Yeh i know but it wasnt on the showbags list in the paper the other day  I heard that they are broadcasting from the show on Thurs
not much, keen for the weekend though aye.. though weather isnt lookin great for Sat/Sun 
Next US airings: Mon. Apr. 13 asdfasdfasdf. I don't wanna wait that long. 
@DJAbsoluteValue means nothing to me, I still have to work Sat and Sun and they took my twitter away 
gotta get dressed amd go into work today  ..but do model nude every Tues/Thurs nite until May 7th in Union at the CC
Sat on the beach in Woolacombe. Sun is out but it's cold 
http://twitpic.com/2yfzz - I wish it was still Sat 
@debskie79 me too  will you be there when I get back Wed. night for dinner at Tecce's??
Why am I awake @ 8am on a Sat morning?? Whyyyyyyyy 
Why am I awake @ 8am on a Sat morning?? Whyyyyyyyy 
OK-I have to get off twitter-got 2 get up early &amp; take one of my teen-kids to dentist-has 2 b on a Sat.   Holly asleep by my feet-poor pup
@TheRopolitans i'm not  not televised on MLBEI or other sports channels. can't watch another game till Tues night.
I got a new chapter for the book Thurs. I spotted probs in it on Fri. Awaiting replacement. Yet another weekend of work, still no payment 
Is finally home. Glory! Next on the Sat. list - nap, clean room, then last paper of the semester! But I still don't want to do it 
@NancySeeger 1 hour(53 minutes actually) from 85th to 33rd  ah well it's only Sat nite... Crushed the mtg 
Oh how I love being at home on a Sat. night! 
@MsJG Well its Sat night 4 1 thing, and its not any diff than any othr nite.. bt i have no life.  About to do dishes! YIPPEE!! (sarcastic)
bored on a Sat nite 
Wishin i was near California so i couldve gone to Coachella yesterday and Fri 
I smell dinner... But I can't have any  I haven't eaten since Sat afternoon.
Sick  &amp;a random battle scar. Idk how; both probably from clubbing on Thurs. http://twitpic.com/3l3b0
Sat in van, waiting for people to turn up at the gamefair. 
A member of our choir passed away yesterday. I visited him in the hospital Thurs, he looked fantastic. Death came anyway. 
has just had the oddest thought that she thinks she read that she has to do all day Mon at some point. Prob is she doesn't remember when 
Sat here doing nothing...again!  needing to do loads of homework wich i cant be bothered to do really!
@xbp Sorry to hear that, Sat. fishing was very slow, so you did not miss anything  
Ugh. Lots to do today. French, Math, line up next semester classes, organize a presentation for Mon, 5 page paper for Tues. But no fun? 
Sat bored on the P.C just chatting away to people 
@MaybeKt  I'm not going to make it, I'm out with my mom and I won't get home in time and I have an art show Wed. With 2 pieces to finish
Thinking about the weekend.  Course on Op Market Garden (WW2) Sat; lunch for 15 Sunday in glorious weather. Now down to emails! Yippee. 
Sat at work 
@rinkyrinky good times on Sat. night - ta for tunage, though it ended a little too early for my liking 
@lachicabella I was trapped all day on Sat. (Plumber) Shopping all day yesterday. So in all I'm $2,000 in the hole   LOL
@Jen_Niffer Fri &amp; Sat beautiful! Now rain Sun - Thurs 
What to look forward to this week?! Hopefully finishing the eng part of the flash site.... bbq on Sat... rainy week?! 
@DanORourke For sure missing out this Friday  I'll be at the Saltscapes expo with Tourism on Fri, Sat, Sun... sigh!
Ugh-bruised my tailbone while doing laundry on Sat-yes laundry!  Ya just can't make this stuff up - ouch hurts to sit! 
my family came in town Wed &amp; left yesterday... I'm sad 
Sat in ict! very bored 
AAARRGGHH seems I forgot to book on the #pelc09 conf dinner at the aquarium and it's fully booked Gutted  Anyone free for dinner on Thur?!
Is not wanting to work Sat. I would rather be playing w/Talia when she comes to town 
noooo its Sat  why is this week going fast!
Thu: 20:00-03:00 Beers -- crash -- Fri: 15:00 - 06:00 Beers -- crash -- It wasn't my fault  It was... the wanderer!
going to head into work for a while  and get some paperwork done-I've got parent-teacher conferences on Mon.
Felt great after Tue and Wed training this week.  Feel crap after tonight though.  My right shoulder is killing me 
@error505 No, I work Mon-Fri, but had 2 take home a bunch of stuff that I didn't finish &amp; will have 2 do it from home. Grants deadlines. 
Sat on some hideous skanky bus on way to work. I need a fucking car soon!!! 
Working on Sat. 
@celeneee omg help me find something for prom!  im dying hahah imy too! Thurs? ;)
Just here enjoying a late Sat. night, but my Xbox Live ran out, so now i have nothing to do 
@ozdj well it doesn't have a RWC and isn't rego'd. Getting it done on Tues (mon is a holiday in qld). So.... no driving this wknd 
Phone is still out of action, they say until Tues/Wed - you're kidding me! Looks like I am going to have to give in and get a PAYG 
Surfing net at a friend's place because my modem is spoilt and can only be replaced by next Tue 
@flapjack50 No nadar, probably be quiet until Tues now  never been any good at waiting !!
@bobklv yes but the work week in the UAE (and other Gulf nations) is Sun-Thu. Fri is the muslim holy day. My hours were cut to 4 days now 
@BlitzCanSing Sorry, I won't be making it next Fri 
Is still feeling the effects off Sat night!! I can't move my body is in shut down mode  I'm stuck to my bed ;)
Blasters win 17-11@MAA, play Tues@EAA; Cheetahs lose final game of season   Dynamo plays Thurs &amp; Cobras play Sat; C plays Vball d-h Sat@PS
Prayer request x2 - family of Natasha,27,has uterine cancer, surgery Wed; family of Micah Rine, TN, she went missing Thrs, found dead Fri 
@NiveousBird LOL well at least you trieeed to come Sat. 
@drshroom On call Fri/Sat but got full night's sleep both nights!Pottering around...&amp; trying to make myself study for masters MCQ on Fri 
@agriggs8 I know. Earliest train that could get there Fri AM arrives @6something. Will be in the waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay back.  
SO depressed cause our dorm is showing MILK Wed. night and I can't go because I have a meeting. 
Sat in taylors car, and now not being texted back by him. 
@GraceDraven got your email, will try to reply tomorrow night or Mon. Out of town this weekend, &amp; phone isn't great for long replies. 
Wow. I think I am more of a geek now than when I was a teen. Use to be beer, weed and partying. Now its playing MTGO on a Sat. night 
@BustaBusta Sat nights suck for sales, usually... for me anyway 
@sinfulsignorita from home, yes unfortunately.Presentations on Tues/Wed,and some idiots held up my prep last week, so I gotta catch up 
Darn it, checked TfL and more LU closures next Sat than yday, including exactly where I'm going 
Sat in Running Horse garden watching big weekend buses go past and I am not on one = v 
Looks like rain and thundershowers for Orlando Tues and Wed next week.  #ibmcf09
Gettin ready 2 say bye 2 my hubby til Wed nite if he makes it home 
I ate 2 much at our little Pens party. 4 cookies and 3 brownies arent good for a diabetic. I'm feeling the pain now   Wed will be victory!
@Sia1  It's ok...next time... So how ready are you for Sat?
Sat in mechanics 
Sat at the Akropolis drinking slush puppies. While Ros keeps spitting her drink on me. 
@keithpscott Though it's evening..same!Aint been up long &amp; on 4th cup of coffee..may take a while,son just informed me it's Thu not Fri! 
@DavidArchie Hi, David! I hope you get enough rest for your big show on Sat. I really want to go but can't  Take care!!
Con law hell   Fri night freedom!!!!!
@NicoleJensen #LiverpoolFC! Yay, pity the fecking Manks are going to win the league on Sat. 
Fri: no swim  Sat: long climbing ride 50mi 3.5hr. ~2500'gain, local mtns, beautiful up there
Why am I home so early on a Sat!? Something is not right!!!  I need to stop thinking about this person all the time!!! Not good for me 
@mwnm &gt; lucky you. Missed our local farmers market last Sat, so have to wait a whole month 
@ahh_shazbot she's in bed asleep! - working nights till Tues so I'm having a quiet, lonely weekend 
@Teelou Starts Weds, but I'm not starting 'till Thurs, coz I'm in Hosp on Weds!  Can't really say where, bit of a location give away!!
@TaceD Sat 4 over 2 hrs past my appointment time b4 getting seen  but a good start made, outline work @ the mo, at least another 3 visits
Sat next to a man on the train home from BSC making noises under his breath,his chat user name on this laptop:KinkyJohn 
Duck should be able to get these to his phone now. So talkin junk about him M-Fri has to stop now  @inteus89
I want to take a road trip next weekend! Im off Fri-Mon! 4 whole days!  I wish I were going to be in TX w/the rest of the Boudreauxs! 
@danedinberg could you tell me what time you guys are thinking of taking the stage for Sat's show? I work until 9 + wonder if id make it. 
@p00ky are you out on Thurs?i cant make it i have a dinner in the city 
Sat in the dentists, fuming inside as I'm sure my last trip here is the reason for the hole in my filling which us due to be filled now 
@IcarusWingz dude, was Si on wow yesterday? i havent seen him since we parted pissed on Sat, his phone isnt working and he isnt at work 
@IcarusWingz shitter, i hope he is ok. we were both rather durnk when we went our seperate ways on Sat. Texts just get sent back too 
@NudeyRudey P's molars are coming in, he slept til 11am on Sat morn and then napped in the avo, not really eating and it looks very sore 
@moogc Aye not bad, wanted to see ST on Fri but it was booked up  Goin when we're in Leeds next w/e instead. Got v. drunk on Sat, was fun.
@Bbluesman I don't think so. I'm filming another travel documentary on Sat/Sun. I'll put the $ in your acct.  Wish we could see you!
Sat in work on a miserable monday morning, but wish i was in bed!!!! 
@Mayoress @djmafia20 @KaytaJ @CC_mayoress I'm jealous  I bet you'll all blog your fancy fun Sat night pics too. Bitches.
@PlugWonDeLaSoul &amp; u sold out Fri - so unfortunately no!  The live band concept sounded brilliant-no doubt it was-next time eh!
Wed is my last paper. WOOOHOOO! And my dad bought my CONTACTS SOLUTION. During holidays buying more contacts. I left two pairs only. 
- Totally unsuccessful trip to the library, there were no seats available and no where to plug my Mac in  Sat in the Kilburn Building now
@teddib OH MAN! I totally forgot about your message!!!! About the tripod  Sorry! I'm home non work hours on Wed. All day Thru n Fri.
Bad news about @hotpatooties podcast. I'm revising tomorrow, so will have to listen Wed  Like @mfhorne I have toothache
I'm getting rained on in the LRC! Sat near the window getting all of the rain in! 
Im goin 2 hane 2 have a marathon tweeting session this week if im goin to be Twitter-barred all weekend!  From Fri l/time till Mon Evenin!
@sarapatton Vomit. I have to be with the kids fri night cause I'm going to be gone morning til night on Sat.  Next date attempt please!
@shelliedenise mad?? for why??? lol. we had a little party Sat night. I text you, but you didn't reply  *tear* lol.
@SynBen no Mon after the trip if I go. Its not a payroll Mon! I have to work Memorial Day 
So I headed in to work early this morning, get here before remembering I ave my key to Mike on Sat...1hr is long time waiting in car 
The monotony of work life isn't helping to inspire me creatively. I need a jump start! Perhaps a small electric shock. Peg drilling Tue 
@blstuart finished ours Fri; even a TSP wash failed to remove leaf tannins from epoxy coat  white was poor choice when we resurfaced it
was at the ER for 9 hours Sat. with Mimi, she fell and broker her shoulder 
12 hours in flip flops on Sat was not good to my calves.  They're twitching like charlie horses are coming 
No more Mon-dates. 
@asouthernthing I don't know if you saw my tweet about it, but Wed. was supposedly Tennant's last day of filming as The Doctor 
Sat in the dentists 
Fri afty blues - don't feel like working anymore 
@nickbrickett I'm not going, at work Mon  at least it'll be extra bank holiday pay!
Done with the cells -planned for little work on Sat, Sun, &amp; Mon (holidays!), but will still have to come in.  Lunch now! no rain,plz! 
hand, foot, mouth disease!  ugh!  Now we are just planning on going to Grapevine (Great Wolf Resort) Sat.-Mon. Depending on how E feels 
Sat guarding the cars whilst @ruth_siobhan and brian get ice and stuff. Then off to padworth! We're missing @gilesdavis 
I 4got what it felt like to leave Lena; its been so long.  At least Aunti Gabs is getting her on Sat so she won't be all alone on Sunday.
@DevineNews  aww hope he gets better. I've always found your Wed child program inspiring and heartfelt.
@ceepster I'm doing well! I haven't seen you in weeks because I'm not on Thurs crew anymore  what about you?!?
Fri...prob but i can't promise 
Sat in bed, eatingas usual. Horrible outside. 
still up... the root canal I had on Tues is giving me a fit 
I have to get my wisdom teeth taken out next Wed.....woe is me 
Spent the evening helping Michele get food ready for the funeral on Sat....her Uncle past away.  
@AdamKruth serious! Perhaps Sat will work out better 
@MarkStanto why thx! #webdu I was only at the conf on Thurs 
Today isn't going the way I planned.  Early lunchbreak &amp; I may not be back til Mon. Weekend gonna be fun with friends, tho. 
just finished an exam, every1 else has finished cos I chose i different course to my friends I have one more exam on Thurs next week 
@vosdjs LOL yea the fondue is on point... but that Chocolate Lava Cake is what you really want...but I wont be here   Im Mon-Fri babes!
@craigmcgill Actually maybe not - it's sold out for Sat lunch 
@juliedarling supposed to be visiting Austin Sun-Thurs..but not feeling well since vaca.  Would've said hello for sure!
Sat alone whilst jay plays on his phone 
@cosRobPerkins You're the third person to ask me out on Mon afternoon ;) I'm so sorry, but I'm helping tutor my friend for C1/C2  xx
It is 00:03 I'm Wrecked  I'M Hungry &amp; I have to get up early. Not the perfect Fri night LOL night
@DjJonBlak Where were you on Wed night? 
7pm on a Fri night &amp; I'm sitting at home alone... 
@vgomez86 I am...what u up to...it's gonna sink in Mon that your no longer gonna be there... 
@PRProSanDiego Grocery shopping is not the kind of 'social' I like to be a part of on Fri nights 
This is far too early to be awake on a Saturday!! Why oh why do I have a 6 hour meeting in Wolverhampton on a sunny Sat?! 
Sat in my dad's work shop making buttons. Now i'm sick of them 
doing Bio revision, exam on Thurs  xx
hates math exam on Mon  http://plurk.com/p/x5xtm
Sat at home kinds bored n hungry 
Sat at home bored n hungry 
@kitsunechie Actualy, its 6:24pm here. Sat is almost gona be over  LOL u gonna work tom' as well??
1st 4 games of the Cup finals: Sat, Sun, Tues, Thurs.  Guess who has to work EVERY SINGLE ONE of those nights?  
Relaxing before my long day at work  on a beautiful Sat I could be having fun
I'm sitting under the dryer at the salon..uggggh..my stomach is hurting...I feel like this is going to b a bad Sat. 
@calidb ...no  not until Thurs night...
OK.  I'm actually getting stuff done around the house! But I really miss the hubs, its just not a normal Sat w/o him... 
Stood up on a Sat night  #fail .. if I find out they are staying in and watching #bgt will be even worse! Grrrr
@TreeinCally Server went down on Friday &amp; most of Sat &amp; only came bk about 2 hrs ago so I missed everything  But always good to touch base
Lazy Sat mornings are the best! I need to get up and go walk this baby out though! She still feels up really high 
Sat at home doing nothing but phone watching. Wanted to see star trek but everyone's boring this evening. 
@amirainspired  why am I nervous about Mon eehsh
Waiting for some customers to come make me some money!!!  I don't see it happening though.....another dead Sat night in the Swansea Mall 
@Mirna023 Sadly this is a typical Sat night for me. Don't really have any local friends here 
@seanford i am i lyin here cryin its a Sat nite  by myself like a loser
@sunnydeefan3 yeah but not unntil 8am and I've been up since 8am Sat w/ only a 2hr nap 
up early - gonna get work all done, then fry in the sun! lol I missed Fri &amp; Sat's good weather being stuck at work all day 
Sat at the bus stop listening to Emarosa in the sunshine. Off to work again 
My fever broke early Sat morning, but my crazy nightmares have continued. It's hard to rest with dreams like these  Trying to think happy
@jabogan LOL, why creepy?  ok with me... bummer, school Moodle is down prob'ly due to upgrade at DET this w'end - back Tue, sorry 
EXAM SCHEDULE FOR ME: Wed-Religion Math Thurs- Social Studies ILA Math part2 Fri-Science and spelling 
Sat in the garden for 5mins and now feel shattered  lol
Sat in golf club having meal with 19 family and friends, heads banging haha 
Chemistry on Wed and Computing on Thurs  Then... I finish school and never need 2 go back ... oh yeah!! ;)
@StacyDerosby so so, Having an issue w/ my back, went to chiro on Fri and thought it was all good, going back tomorrow 
Gardening done, took longer than expected but was worth it. Am covered in scratches and stings  Hope its still sunny next Sat for the BBQ!
@disneyshawn Had hoped to catch the Fri. midnight screening but ran out of time 
Is going to be at the Theatre from 9am-9pm on Mon, Tues &amp; Wed in rehearsals!  Opening night of 'Our Town' on Wed!! :O:O
Sat in the office revising for tomorrows exam and I am not sure it is going very well. 
Sat at the computer doing fuck all. Not long in from work, fucking roasting 
@devondaley I was just offered a trip to DC for the TBA Conference Mon - tues, but I needed to jump on the plane within the hour. so sad 
@OhlalaParis i know me too!i heard it's goin to rain on Weds  was okay, not done much how about you?i need to revise!!:| xx DIVERSITY 
@PaulaAbdul I have an exam on Wed, so I've been studying all weekend. Not really fun.  But I'm glad u seem to be having a great weekend.
@Soph4Soph @Juicytots hoping both dodge the bullet but can't decide if should stay away from other kids for a week? Her b'day is on Fri 
I can't even leave cuz now I hav no nails on and got off work early. I would hav to wait till Wed if not today  so ima sit my ass here
going to take a nap. i hate Sundays  it means Mon, Tue, &amp; Wed.. . which are school days are arriving 
@MsCheeks3 cheating on my diet. Sat and this morning 
Work tomorrow after having a 4 day weekend    And what a weekend to have booked off Thurs &amp; Fri - fab weather
Sweep was attacked by cat on Sat night and has an infected abscess on his back and temp of 40.3 degrees. Monitoring @ home today  STRESSED
@lisamargreet that really is sad  sorry to have missed you Sat but lemon drizzle was yummy
@SerendipityJane me too, but many tweeting about how they're writing, reviewing, getting ready for Mon, attending a conf etc. 
@spearmelba reading alan w. stuff hope the scrubbles line wasn't about me!  on Wed.
@UTFanatic15 Down the drain as usual. Friday evening-Sunday go extremely fast...Mon-Fri can't go any slower. 
Sat outside for two minutes and got 5 bug bites. 
@beingnobody gig is this Wed, no time for eBay 
@Carlare Leah sick now? Caught the cold?  I'll let your am buddy know and I am sure my neighbor will ask. BTW, the mtg Fri will be fun!
hope I can still buy tickets 2 see Passion Pit on Wed at Emo's, too bad they're sold out  been listening to them all night, GREAT band!
Discovered a dessert place called Little Oven on FB. Want to go there NOW, but only open Wed-Sat nights.   U know where I'll be Wed nite!
Wow Mon came round quick. Not looking forward to changing the stores window display 2day-will b like an oven in there 
Just realised that I have been sitting on my sandwich for lunch.  Sat on it during the train in too.  Fail 
Sat in at break, it's TOO hot outside, can't do anything fun though 
Sat at home looking at the sun knowing I have to go to work again. I would like you all to enjoy your sunny day.....no, honestly!! 
bf leaves for CA today til Saturday  alone until Wed -then fam gets here!!! ya!  PS - 90+ today, sizzlin'!
@moogc He's MUCH better than Henman ever was. Wish I could watch it  Week off from Wed though, but all the big guns have lost.
@harryallen believe it or not i was flying over the atlantic the day that happened....just like i'll be flying over it next Sat. 
@matthewphewes You should join Health Corp. They have a pool and that is definitely where I was on Sat and Sun. I miss the beach though. 
@alliec821 Nvmd. Can't do lunch today  Maybe tomorrow or Thurs? Shands trip Wed.
@ian_si Yes, lush here. Apparently only til Weds though boo McBoo 
@t0r0nad0 I really wanted to go see them but its on a Wed here and that's a weird day for anyone 
Nhuy can't remember what job I did last Wed to fill out my timesheet (prob. only playing VW  ). http://ff.im/-3sJAG
@nuttycow  Even skinny ones? Surely a wee one wouldn't hurt? Any chance you're free today / Weds? Tues, Thurs, Fri looking busy this week.
Sat in the doctors - blerghh it smells 
@joshasen yeeeah i know!! i'm goin outta town on Sat, i know you got somethin goin on that day  got a session today, run tmrw morning??
Film of salt on phone this morning is vaguely icky reminder that I really did workout yest - and that I won't be doing it again til Sat 
@ebassman hey do u know if it rains Thurs, what they will do about M&amp;G and the BBQ? Cause theres a 50% chance of rain that day. 
egads... another late sleepless Mon night 
Wow its feast or famine in this place. Now I have 3000 things to complete by Wed. 
I changed my twitter name, as discussed at Sat's cookout. It's a homage 2 @MarkDC @DCbigpappa @DistrictOfAris @DCDebbie... DCryan taken. 
Today supposed to be dry and sunny, I put off cutting the grass 'till tonight. Already rained and looks like more. Not dry until Thurs. 
@theblizzards tried 2get into courtyard gig on Sat but it was full! begged the doorman, no joy  sounded great from behind the gates tho!
Only 4 people today  We try again on Wed at 2:45
Has A Big Sppech on Wed or Thurs and has to work on it a lot 
@rontigga hey I couldnt find ur blog from Fri  wamp wamp
I didn't get to take Kyle to watch UP today.  Mommy took the van to work and the extra carseat was in my sisters car. Postponed till Wed.
Hey #thepaintingguy the chatroom isn't loading  Is it just me?  (Dave! (DtPG) live &gt; http://ustre.am/Wed)
Heading to ca. on Wed for a funeral on Thurs.    Laker territory. Maybe I can see an Ellen show. Thoughts or help!
@pablowapsi We'll be there on the weekend at least; no time off left this year for Wed-Thu-Fri 
No gym since Fri = no shower since Fri = skaaaank 
also a little bummed I couldn't getinto the 1:100 beta test tonight..try again on Sat 
It occurred to me today that I will not be home for the Burn Notice premiere Thu and probably won't have time to watch it until Fri/Sat. 
@Denaaaa i hope Donnie does solo stuff. i just can't bare the thought of them going away, so soon.  i really gotta step it into gear Sat.
Sat in work while the sun is out  its not fair and I think its really mean x
@interpretiv Ooo sweet. I got a BBQ TweetUp on Sat. to attend, bringing the G10 with me for sure ;). Had to put off getting the D90 tho 
Sat in DT, really bored!! So nervous for maths 
@koreantomcruise I gotta work Sat  I wanna stay. But gotta pay the bills. I don't wanna fly to NY and back ugghh
5 sleeps til Oasis!!! (If I had a babysitter for Sat, I could go twice and it would only be 4 sleeps) 
Mibba is being gay, and I cannot reply to Kaui.  Must start revising though. RS exam on Fri. I definately am not gonna get an A! XD
@Anonymousboy03 Plans for school stuff &amp; a performance of Othello we're gonna watch on Thurs. &amp; I hate that happening with Photography! 
Sat in office with no air con....... I'm so hot   I shouln't complain but I am soooooo hot
Sat in the garden for 30mins and got a tan already - predicting melanoma in later life 
@cocktails_on_me i'm cool just stupid tired  got so much to do but dont sweem to be gettin anywhere. Thurs/Fri not gonna be fun LOL
@Smophs Yesterday was the worst day here. About 30 degrees! It much cooler today though. I burnt myself on Sat and still hurting from it 
Catch Bonnie Perez in the last episode....Series 1 Finale this Fri @ 7pm on ur mob!!!!!!! We can't believe it's the last ep already!!! 
@MPBNnews is there a way to listen to the audio of our mention on Sun night and Mon morning about the cleanup in RP?  All staff missed it 
Sat in the audi in traffic 
On Fri &amp; Sat, I have 4 events: 1 in Del Mar, 1 in Hollywood, and 2 in Rancho Bernardo. Those are the only June events I've got right now. 
Is back home from school again...the days just get worse the closer we get 2 summer.  Watever though,I might go 2 my friends house on Fri.
@cookiewagsf Thu instead? 4 is too late 
Sat in a 300+ queue to get on earthen ring and as soon as I do, server restart in 11 minutes 
@rongreenetunes I will be there! I was going to go to the show with Jamal last Fri at the windery but I couldnt 
I must get some sleep now it's 2am and my weekend is now over.   Back to life in the hair salon Wed-Sat. Nitey nite tweeple.
@nirenibot interesting... bummed u cnt go with me on Sat.   the night would have been more special with you in it...
Sat at home wondering when Southern Electric might turn up to get the power back on for the whole village. 1 hour and counting so far 
@garry1bowie not as bad, but I woke up thinking it was Thurs 
@pophduck ok will send you the link at work, it just says don't come dressed for the beach, think there may be light rain on Sat 
@lovespace it bites  been lovely since Friday and now I am meant to be going to Cambs on Sat for free event its said to rain ggrrr
@muppmupp zackly cos i caught her out ...she wouldn't do anything but give me back my bond .. she lied to my face Mon - i'm dissapointed 
@thefreezepop I don't think so... it shouldn't. I'll do Thurs night and see what happens... but I really want to see this other play 
Sat in the IT room munching mint imperials  haha. Why is no one in today??  Haha. Ahh well!
@lovemonk I wont be able to party with you Sat   Selena will be on a Church Retreat and Sat is Family Day, so I have to go there.
Sat in pshe lesson. Waste of time to be fair with my head of year all tomorrow  what fun!
Sat in school all alone  because my dad cba to pick me up when i ask him to :@
@michygirl74 Goodmorning hun! No I'm not going to Camden cuz I gotta work  And Sat. I can't watch the Fuse cuz I'll be working then 2
Sat on the m25. I knew it was a bad ideabut I still did it   dumbass
@feline9  Oh that sounds like a lovely way to spend the day! Working, and more working really  Going to a murder mystery dinner Sat pm 
@Hoof_Harted Waaaa!!!   I studied up on web, said just have to stay off it. X-rays can't ID. After Sat will take care of it.
@mturner91 Last actual day of school exams begin on Mon 
It is Fri. of Year End &amp; I don't have to work this weekend!  1st time in yrs I've not had to work late at YE!  Sorry 2 my friends who do 
@stef_bo Where are you getting your #broo weather report? TWC summary shows 40% chance of rain thur, 30 on Fri, 60 on Sat &amp;10 on Sun 
Normally I would enjoy my Fri off! But with all this thinking. I would much rather be at work! 
@dougbenson ATL show tonight, but i'm in the hospital.  doctor's orders: rest tonight, go see Doug Sat AND Sun!  front and center bitches
My plans you ask (or didn't) for a Fri night?  I'll be working on a take-home final!  
would like to no why the weather is so shocking! sunday: rain / Mon: rain / Tue: rain / wed: rain!     
@GregAAlmond I think I'm in for tonight  Thanks for askin tho I'm gonna plan on next Fri for sure
@ohnoscarlett oh noooooooo, I am up north next Sat for my dad's 65th bday! 
Sunny Sat - alas there is no wind, so it's as usualy HOT and Humid 
I worked out like a fiend on Fri. Weigh in is Sat. am. I just don't think i've  lost any weight and I've tried so hard all week.  
@Licorice1977  I would have been ok if I had only kept it to 996....off to tally but know its crazy high  Sat has to be better.....
I wanna go home, working on a Sat should be banned!! 
is stuck at office this Sat nite... oh cmon, what a bad day 
does not want to go back to work on Mon   Ths weather puts you in such a bad mood too...
@hemalshah thats quite unusual... how did u know that term??? 'Machan' ?? ;) sorry just noticing...been studyin all day, exam on Tue! 
@contrarygirl oh, and I would have taken her to the doc but in Darwin on a Sat, would be wasting my time 
I`m still so sick. GAAAAAAH.  Hopefully I can go out on Wed!
Leaving for Delhi in the morning ! And a hectic night ahead, we shall return on the Tue's of the day ! Already dementia setting in  !
@ElizCarling yes mini holiday back Wed  it's beautiful
Sat in the car at tesco most of the day feeling like im gonna be sick  what a way to spend a day...
@OneLoveCali I had to put my puppy to sleep on Wed, so I'm still really sad 
Spent this cool Sat. morning cheering for my daughter's all-star softball team. Ouch! We lost 3 games in a row!! 
@AnnaSaccone Really bad allergies  Have been looking forward2wkend all week -such an anti climax  Now have hosp apt -it's a Sat night!!!
@Uk_joedan_fan Thanks. She's seeing the neurologist on Mon to see if there's any chance of shrinking it but if not..well, it's not good 
@twerminal you've been qwit by @timwhitlock  Last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 18:48
@twerminal you've been qwit by @timwhitlock  Last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 18:52
@twerminal  You've been qwit by @timwhitlock - last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 18:55
Juliet has to stay under the lights for 2 more days   Then go back to get blood taken again Monday.. as if Thurs/Fri/Sat wasn't bad enough
@timwhitlock  You've been qwit by @andywhitlock - last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 20:00
@jestes12 ouch to your answer to my ? 3 days ago. i struggle w/ pride for no reason. comp crashed Fri. 
Sat evening still no holiday booked looks like no sun tan for me 
@twerminal  You've been qwit by @timwhitlock - last seen Sat, 06 Jun 2009, 21:55
In bed watchin blues brothers! Sat nite how sad 
Sat suckkedd  home frm funeral
@InLuvwithJON Of course, it'll prob happen on a wk knight when I should b sleeping. Esp with camp almost here. Early mornings start Wed! 
@markhricher I was looking at a local forecast. Now it says 40% on Thurs, 30% on Fri 20% Sat. Either way it just might be rainy 
@desireebanugo yeah blip.tv came back up on Fri afternoon, just poor timing as I'd issued a press release with a vid that morning 
@WDWHAPPY ur not going? I'm on mandatory best rest till Mon. I can't go 
Just got done filling in for Pat for Sat night worship, now working on a lame school project 
@buttonupatetsy yep! We all went. They're leaving Wed. am. 
I should do something non-productive today. I feel like I spent my entire Sat just working. 7:30am-6:30pm. 
@mitchpberg brrr froze my arse off at the saints game, tailgated for hours and game got rained out.  hope you have better luck on Wed!
@arbonnetally I feel a little better, been sick since Wed 
Working on the Young Hollywood Awards, stuck in office, Sat. 9:30 p.m., only a few working, others out to dinner.  S.O.S., different day. 
Finally headed to bed after a long day of remodeling and packing kids for camp! They'll be gone for 5 days, then Fri is Kylee's surgery 
my art teacher is going to KILL MEEE! and... i have music on Tues 
Bye nice cold weather..back down to KL. Mon, pls dun come.. 
@smbryar Regret 2 inform u you're right  My family voted. But I'll certainly watch House when I get back on Mon so we can discuss on Tues
@I100 I could log in but it took ages to do so, and posting was hopeless. Rafa lost last Sat right? I had to know about it from the news 
Ugh, feel like shut... Pleeease don't let this be flu; I have an exam on Thurs and I don't wanna be forced into Special Consideration  #fb
Worrying-Zach had HepA vaccine Fri- very high fever/lethargy today. Triage nurse said typically no side effects so bring him in stat 
Help with Comcast - San Jose - they were suppose to come Friday or Sat - never showed up - guess I should not be surprised 
@billybofh When is your shoot? I'm not off work again until Wed... 
@iLLBLvnDW4Evr32 nope not me   I'll be in NJ on Sat!  I'll be following ya tonight tho.
#honestysundays I never get more that 4 hours of sleep Mon-Fir 
@katelizreynolds What is Old Cape magic about?  Also, what is #fridayreads? Looked @ Twitter book on yr desk on Sat, did not find helpful 
had a decent weekend...I just wish my cousin Kasia didn't have to leave on Tues. 
Bad week coming up: deadlines, tutoring/teaching, class, work &amp; 2 parts of the Praxis test Sat! I'm gonna freak out! Help me! 
@BOREDmommy Thank you! I was just thinking about this last night... I used to drive to clubs on a Sat. night and not to Dairy Queen. 
#Springsteen, spec-fucking-tacular! Sat in a crappy part of the audience, though 
@Holly_Baugh It is next Thur and Fri..not this week sadly.  I couldnt make Jones Beach work with my schedule..  w/ travel and all.
Revising 4 Goeg exam on Tue 
Misplaced adapter since class #mcdm581, no mac use since Thurs night 
@timwhitlock  You've been qwit by @LuckyGunner - last seen Mon, 08 Jun 2009, 00:30
@robertbohl Did we miss an awesometastic SlumberCon '09 Sat night?  I bet we did   Thinking of getting rockband.
Sore throat  But had fun meeting up with mommy and got a work briefcase bag! Mon - mal prac ins, resume work, writing sample, then rest!!
Grounded from comp until Sat. 
@jenniejennie I knew after Mon. there was a chance he was losing, but I was hoping I was wrong. He deserves a longer reign IMO.  
I see how this works: Ive been running on adrenaline for 3day, havent eaten in 22 hrs, now its Mon morn w things to do! #paris 
Sat at work and feeling tired and ready for home already 
I'm not used to having to get up for work on a Monday  I'm a Tues-Sat kinda girl!
Sat at home bored stiff 
@LukalvsEmwet kind of boring. Didn't do much, went to my cousins drama performance on Sat. Ur prob sleeping now  miss you! xxx
@SabrinaDent sorry I didn't get on Sat. Sounded like a great day.  With working away for half this week, was too much to do 
@maggiephilbin thing that look glam rarely are. Hastings beach last Mon night blowing a hooley dressed in a skimpy dress. It was horrid 
@markedup not moving as such - going to lodge up there Mon-Thurs - but going to mean postponing #winteresting til autumn I think 
@AnastasiaLoxley Awww....I hae Wed afternoon and Thurs morn off but I have an exam fri morn and afternoon!  xx
Getting ready for school   Wed. is my last day!!!! 
Sat at work 
Sat in food tech on a free, yawn! Wana go hoooome 
my freakin' calves hurt, from walking the stadium stairs with @iKeva on Sat. 
Sat at college bored wid no work 2 do 
@sneakyfox You just lost seven points for that comment! I may miss the game on Wed. too 
Tiiiiiiiiiiiiiired---chillin' by the pool, then running errands. Mark's wake tonite  Then Manhattan tom. thru Fri
Looking outside, rain... gonna rain till Wed., has it said on the weather channel, what A GREAT summer, no sun, no beach. 
Having Chinese food for lunch...I am so not going to fit in my clothes on Thurs/Fri. 
@tipexxed I don't have some of the larger figures to hand, but just this Sat/Sun/Mon we've taken ~1500 through the doors 
Sat in a hotel bored. Not looking forward to eating on my own 
Aww. @natalidelconte is not doing BOL full time any more (Tues + Wed only).  We'll miss you.
I'm trying 2 smile but Wed seems like 4ever when ur waitin on a diagnosis 
Sat in a car for 8 hours today and is stuck in traffic again trying to get home.   so frustrating!  Lilly is sleeping though.
Just found out that the A/C tech that was at our house on Sat. died later that afternoon. Please pray for Glen's family.That's all I know 
@kerridanrocks Aww Wed nite I won't be home till late  Thanks tho sweetie!
working by myself on Mon &amp; Tuesdays is so boring... I hate it 
I'm in class. Sat through some other people's presentations, very interesting stuff. I'm bored though. 
I'm apparently without cable or internet until Wed evening for no reason that Comcast can explain. 
is leaving tomorrow.  Keithe Urban and Sugarland on Wed. &lt;3 &lt;33
I accidentally doubled up a couple estrogen doses... (That, or the mouse ate them.) I'm a few pills short, and I can't refill 'till Sat. 
@missroboto BF's got a client to see on Friday, &amp; I have a friend there. Looks like shops are closed on weekends, &amp; we're there Thu-Sun! 
@cucmc2 AND I didn't go 2 work 2day cuz of it  I am vry vry vry sad &amp; sorry I forgot ( I have a selfish plan for Wed if ur interested
@maddmanphilly omg ima b n Miami Fri-Mon 
@atinygrainofsad sorry it's taken me so long to reply. my internet access is dodgy  i'll be back in MD by Wed night. maybe then?
@prettyboib07 haha, i knooooow. I have an appt on Fri. I didn't want them for a while either 
@DenaCeleste Tired. 2 clients moved their due date for their projects up to Fri. but the extra bonuses made it impossible to say no 
@fleaball I haven't in ages. Only working this Thurs. closing because Jean requested it off  But yay job!
Kinda sucks, AT&amp;T told me on Sat they would give me a full upgrade Fri rather than waiting till July. Today they called and said nope. 
@whoaitsnicolee I can't even get it that early!  I don't have a ride to go buy it. Maybe this Sat. I'd have to settle for youtube for now.
Lakers email said celebration is Wed in la  - too bad I live in nor cal 
@cannibalkate at least you are doing paragraphs in between...today is just not working for me. But with the exams on Fri &amp; Sat - argh. 
@Neekatron if someone wants to take my place, I've been instructed by powers that be that i'm rostered to work Sat. night. 
Reaaaaaaaaaallly wants 2 meet Ross noble on Sat  sooooooo devo!!! He's so awsome but so is Winter Magic
So everyday..school ends at 5 pm..and I have tutorials on Mon. Wed. and Thurs. .... 6:30.. 
Events on both Thurs and Fri this week and nothing appropriate to wear. Very few activities I hate more than shopping for clothes 
If walmart wasn't almost 1hr away I would go get Above N Bey today but, it's too damn far  I'll make the trip Sat ,if they have any left
Is Bored Sat At Home 
Yes.    I tweeted about it a lot last week, &amp; efforts to raise $ for his funeral.  Jared died on Wed.      @Martinimermaid we lost him?
Sat in boiling hot hospital waiting room! 
Is gutted that Catz Pattz can't come this Sat!!!! 
Cancelled fire-truck dryer and hunting CL - found what I want for $45 but need a pal w/ truck/van to p/u by Thurs 
If any sucke- I mean EARLY ADOPTERS are ditching their 3G for a 3GS on Fri and want to unload it, lemme know. I had a phone disaster. 
@liz_azyan I'm up for evening drinks on the Sat. Can't make Fri evening 
Airport packed, parking full, flight delayed 35  Mon.  
@MKEIrishFest No Summer School for us this year. Can't get out there until late Wed. nite, then out again Sun.  http://tinyurl.com/l3elk3
I must go to bed. Teaching tomorrow, shooting thursday, teaching friday, weddings sat &amp; sun, shooting monday - friday, weddings Sat &amp; Sun 
Worship practiced changed from Thurs. night to Sat. AM. Guess I don't get to get out of class early on Thurs. 
@MelSchroeder I have leadership retreat Wed so my Wed is pretty much booked. 
I'm upset that Big Brother is going 2 premiere on a Thurs - which means itll b on Tues, Thurs, &amp; Sunday...which doesnt work well with me! 
@rosa_pastran I'll be in Sac next weekend and every Friday/Sat after. I'm taking a summer school class  How often are you in Sac?
Just returned from a wake .  Hubby's grandmother passed away on Sat. 
@KTF2009 I'm gonna call the CSI Lab Fri.  Tomorrow and Thurs I've got appointments.    How 'bout you?
Guess that would make me tweedle dum eh Sandra dee? Got a shag on Sat. night too. So here's my sign! I'll have a  face for sure on Sun. Ha
I have really dropped the gun this week on exercise  I will do my best to make up not exercising on Mon &amp; Tues over the weekend.
@stewives I would have had to go tonight (Tues). I have class Wed night 
@phishgirl3 My car has been in the shop since last Thur 
I've tried to go to Curio Confections twice this week and both times they were closed. Turns out they're open Wed through Sun. 
R-T @JULIANBRAY @Mennard MP Fabian Hamilton (Lab) visiting a primary school on Fri for Q&amp;A session. (Requires 1months notice of the Q's? 
curses surprise for hubby's birthday is floundering, his sis trying to arrange to c him Sat. have put her off but she'll prob tell him 
@simon_g83 Simon it's been far too long  Fi said Thurs suits you for coming out here? You should all come and we'll eat ice-cream! xxx
Sat at my desk, a work, but i left my brain somewhere at home 
It was extra hard to peel myself out of bed today   Now I have to ponder a rain plan for the birthday stuff on Sat.  Maybe bump a week?
For weeks seeing my stepmom &amp; counselor for 1st time in 3 years has kept me going. She was coming w/dad on Sat. They just canceled. 
@JillyBaldo Mon through Thurs for the next 8 weeks...  
Sat at my desk at last !!! been in a meeting since 8:30am 
@VeLL_Mon3y Shut up! I didn't see it yet 
@1capplegate the should of put it on a Thurs night and then it would of been the hit that it was.  So sad and so sorry 
Sat on a bus in traffic in miserable weather! 
Sat in my room BORED 
@Joedan_dilemma would have sent tshirts that's what I went out for a Mon but they did not have any  ill keep my eyes open x
@jonduenas damn, I already left &amp; won't be able to update until Fri. 
Sonique is ill &amp; has pulled out of college college ball  replacing her will be.... Maximo Park! Not bad! Fri/Sat is gonna be ace/messy
Sonique is ill &amp; has pulled out of college summer ball  replacing her will be.... Maximo Park! Not bad! Fri/Sat is gonna be ace/messy
Mon boomerang dollara revient pas 
Bass Booming Wed here in da ghetto is killing my fibro  ouch! ~Wakanda~
@AgingBackwards I know what you mean - I just returned from Ocala with no A/C in my PU. Repair appt not until next Tue 
update 3.0 for my iPhone - was hoping to buy a Sat Nav app straight away - no luck 
@thealexbishop Finally out of work! A Thur night party sounds awesome, but I can't afford to take Fri off 
Horrible storms,tornado warning. No power had to cut Ava time short.   hope Fri hr better!!
@GetLionLike  won't make it 2 my fav place to be every 1st &amp; 3rd Wed 2nite but every1 else should check it out! www.lionlikemindstate.com
is it next Wed yet?!?! i miss my boyfriend!!! 
Breezin' through Government. I miss hanging out with friends  Lets hang this weekend? Sleepover Friday, but Sat/Sun? Lets make plans!
@caitlinaudrey  cause you're missing too much school? i forget you don't live right in Brisbane, frustrating. Sat 29/09 would  be great!
feels like shit sent MIL out Fri to mail stuff it was forgotten sorry @osgbymissy and my friend kassi ill mail when that lady gets back 
@rebeccamodestia no! I'm leaving out of town  but I believe I'm going to with Jessica shopping next Sat. for it! 
@rebeccamodestia no, I'm leaving out of town tomorrow  but I believe I'm going shopping with Jessica next Sat. for it! 
Assignment due on Sat 
Racing on Tues was pants - but I tried my best - Weds I felt really rough...today, well better but not right - tonight PTW 4-up - pain! 
@aurora7 I've not even started mine. Am in work  got this weekend and Sat/Sun/Mon day to sort it all. What ya buying? #glasto
@RickBrown1    Sounds like we probably won't have a chance to get together...worth a shot though. I hope you don't get rained out on Sat
Sat in baguette express, couldn't be arsed trecking up belmont street man. I hate leona lewis 
Has got a bit of a cold and has to perform this weekend.  Niagara Falls Yuk Yuks this Thurs-Sat, here I ...........cough?
@WeddingWire no sun till next Wed. maybe 
my hours are M-F 9:30-8:00 p.m. and Sat. 8:30-7:00 p.m. So I won't be able to go to the movies 
Sat in a waiting room dreading the worst moment of my life 
Throwing a grad party on Sat with over 80 ppl (2 many to fit in house); it's supposed to rain; no tents available   Any suggestions?
We're almost there! the weekend is right around the corner.. well sortta.. gotta work on Sat.  then it's the weekend!
@leslie_pearlman I wish!! I am running to work now, I'm working Thurs. now 
@bradmcw I have a wedding to go to on Sat. I won't be available. 
@may_gun I agree about the $ so I'm still scraping out the articles as much as I can motivate. And I'll be at the welfare office on Mon. 
m movin 2 the Vet Clinic 2 be live-in staff. Ill b on call at the clinic from noon on Sat. till 7am on Mon. No more Full Moon on weekends 
Sat pua bored as n e thin 
@weazell26 So, we will just be there Sat. and part of Sun.  Again, sorry.
@mcleodg 1 more day til Friday! Yay! Any plans this weekend? Garage sale here Sat but supposed to have heavy rain all w/e 
@scarletltrman OOPS i see wrongly HAHA I thought you start at 7pm.  Its okay see you guys @ powerhouse on Sat .
@kiransingh gotta head to Blackburn to see client tomorrow, wedding on Sat in Hounslow and probably more work on Sun  Need holiday!!
So I was rigorously working out my chest on Tues that it's still in pain. Now if I run up n down the stairs n my chest bounces, it hurts 
@VampireGrills Are ou going to the casting call on  Sat?If you can't make it you can e-mail your pic and some details. I'm working on sat 
PISA on Sat - getting case all packed and absolutely shitting it bout flying - I hate earache!  Decongestants and ear plugs lol!
Spent the day updating my portfolio. I'm getting scared about this portfolio review day on Sat... 4 hrs with a bunch of total strangers! 
@MamaNats our sis just text me that lights and music are only on Fri sat n sun! 
It's our 48hr off Fri pm - Sun pm. Two have family visiting. I almost cried seeing Stu with his Mum &amp; brother. I miss my family  34 days!
@phiela they're leaving during the day Wed 
#Sandy, Utah Fri 6/19 Beatlemania; Sat. 6/20 Marc Cohn at #Sandy Ampitheater 1245 E 9400 S. 8pm. I'll be listening to the amps only 
@imjstsayin I think so. I know perfect people.  love them but I would not call them out on a Sat night
@thebigsheepman k where should I go then?! Lol. I'm actually being serious!! I have to move on Tues and so far all by myself!! 
Help the Backstage crew - the crew that doesn't get to go to the music fests   win a bet &amp; get some beer  by getting 1000 followers by Fri
bummed I'lll miss Old 97's special evening tour: Sun in Philly=father's day festivities, next Sat in Towson=won't get there in time 
@AnneFalgate - I'm up at 6am Mon-Fri thanks to the new job!  I'm guttered about the parcel not arriving. Excited about the others!! xx
@Jules_J I did on Wed night was working last night  You might possibly there was one aimed right at Jay and I.
@nayes1982 Noticed that my top on Wed night was clearly see-through once the flash of the camera went off.... 
Wrapping up 2 client galleries 2nite, &amp; commercial files &amp; 3rd client gallery due Sat. Another long nite ahead 
just found out she is working this Sat. 
@lewiswebb Apologies, but I *have* to sit down and do some writing this Sat 
Sat in the computer room doing stupid OCR science catch up!  Bad times, bad times (but cant wait til she goes to Fitzi )
@Dublins98Dave YAAAAAY!!! Although it looks like Sat work is on the cards 
@jephjacques There are 3-4, mostly on the INternet, Sat Radio, etc. SOme of the stuff they say is terrifyingly awful.   Both sides = FAIL
If you didn't register by Wed (after at&amp;t extended eligibility), you'll be denied the preorder line.   http://yfrog.com/75abij
@GemmaCartwright sorry, didn't get to chat on Wed night 
Was on my way for an iPhone 3GS at 4am when T's alternator broke.... Sat on the expressway for 45 minutes... Finally got here at 7 
I shall miss you all at fiendom com  tho I will be changing flights in Minnie on Sat., -w/luck,perhaps bad weather in MI, and flt cancels!
@elisafrench Thanks! It's a photo of our sign outside the barn. Not really able to use the phone till Weds when the number gets ported 
why is Ch 5 boring people on Fri nights??there's practically NOTHING on tv  - http://tweet.sg
@darkrock pants! Louise is working that weekend  she gets back 2pm Sat &amp; 1.40pm Sun. It takes me 20min to get to Pitch.
is trying to prepare myself for court on Wed and the only person that would make it okay is...just gone 
I confess I've been asking for rain.  I'm caring for someone's house &amp; hate watering the lawn...rules - Sun/Thurs from this time to that 
@JustCallMeBean I don't think I will be able to meet up with you to give you on Thurs 
@BodyGuardz I'm a rpt cust from original iPhone, ordered screen set &amp; cloth Sun. Email for 15% off Mon, now free cloth offer today. 
@Woth2982 @valentinegirl20 can't dooooooooooo Tejas!!!   Actually it IS on a weekend.. hmmm.. leave Fri morn fly back Sun morn..HMMM!
Reco tom. ugh. It's a Sat. Don't want to go to school 
@Navarin I'm hoping for Rocket Riot tokens today, but with the LIVE update shenanigans this week all signs point to unlikely   Prob Mon.
@heidiknyc boo...isn't that the truth?Its been perfect here all week &amp; then starting this afternoon through Mon. its supposed to rain! 
@sankofa1214 Early?? Try for good...I need a new job!! I get depressed every Fri!! Lol...shouldnt have to work EVERY weekend...pissed 
@wendyperrin Thx for explaining the Wed. phenom.  I was in such shock I hesitated for about an hour &amp; the prices jumped $250  
@abbafan69 I'm going to miss the PBPs and the live show Mon-Thurs next week.  I'm not happy about that.  
@MarkCWarner Geez, that's what you spent your Fri doing, getting a tooth pulled? Doesn't sound pleasant. 
It pays to look good, just got hooked up w/ a rental yay! But sad Face I wont have it on my BDAY(Tues)  Dammit
@kunoichi06 Bad news for Sat.: schedule conflict prevents us from making it to MD... not going to inipi either 
@LPrecords   Each year it has gotten better and better.  I'm a fan of The National, so I'm looking forward to them closing out Sat.
Homework time... My weekend is just about over    (my weekend is Thurs and Fri)
where is the sun? This is a very dull Sat in Melbourne 
Would midweek be an option? Otherwise Dan says first gathering will be going over this stuff. What's the conflict for Sat? 
I cant believe I am going to bed this early on a Fri but thats what ya gotta do when you have to work all day sat 
@midnight_faerie yeah, Ive a long day ahead of me... Fri/Sat is usually a killer cuz I'm up all night w/ antiuse but not tonight  #LOFNOTC
@Ali_Sweeney I didn't see it because Vegas was showing the US open.. I haven't seen Days since Wed.. Mon I will be so lost 
I want to go to Madrid NOW!  I don't wanna work Mon and Tues 
working on Sat.  
@destroytheearth working  on a Sat! Shocking.
Off to co-lead our energy phych. drop-in group. So therefore missings IONS luncheon, and other Sat. events.  Ah, priorities. 
Sat morning and not raining.  Of course I have a horrible horrible sore throat and all I want to do is stay in bed 
working on this early on a Sat. morning 
Sat at home bored  need something to do! Any ideas? x
Damn, and it looks cloudy, the first cloudy day since last Sat  http://twitpic.com/7w3i4
Sat at weatherspoon pub gatwick, wondering where nearest spazz loo is that handle my crippling load 
Sat at weatherspoon pub gatwick, wondering where nearest spazz loo is that can handle my crippling load 
Training today and hibachi steakhouse tonight! One last dinner out with Vadim before he leaves on Tue back to Tajikistan... 
At the Rogers Plus at Rideau - they have 1 dude working the first Sat. after the 3GS release. I feel for him. 
@bryanochalla Corporate sent a silly email telling us to plan our entire vacation schedule, so I did. Mon/Tues I'm working on house shit. 
@msbehavn @Jenty Not sure that I'll make it for next Sat ... I need to finish this move! 
Sat ko office.. 
@Jules_Bee I wish I was there too! Were you at the show at Richards on Thurs? I can't believe I have to miss these 
@AmaZInDimPZ it started Tues. but I meant missed out as in there's maddd ugly ishh left 
Bored on a Sat night, so sad 
Sat in a gay bar alone again 
@crystlfalcn no. I work both Sat and Sun 
@iamdiddy  being poor and bored on a Sat. night in NY 
This time last Sat I was at Holmdel getting ready 4 the guys to come out. *sigh* 
@felsull we need to...I am seriously in an exercise/eating funk like no other I've ever been in  Mon eve?
@andrewhyde This week is full  what about Mon 6 /29 at 4pm?
@iamkeb I thought I could squeeze in a hike tomorrow, but the studying stacked up.  Maybe yoga Mon or Tues?
Reading the Sat. Secrets on ontd_ai, and it is making me sad. How can you hate on the HBIC  Why be there if you are going to hate?
@K4Ice4Thu Sis  where are ya? sighs~ it's my fault for not asking you in the morning  contact me soon 
What is everyone out in Twitter land up to tonight? Its Sat and im stuck at home  http://bit.ly/Kb3Kz
Self-fulfilling prophecy...DSL has been down since Wed and will be til at least Thurs...forced to give up social networking by default. 
@thefuturist88 ugh I wish I could go for a ride 2morrow but I can't!  Unless you want to go early next Sat or Sun?
@iamajeanius I was thinking those colours but it seems plain  I'll just make a few, I suppose. Haha, I won't have time to go out by Thurs.
@hollaatgates whatevs!! I'm in bed ALONE on a Sat night 
@K4Ice4Thu LOL thanks to ur phone call, it was just perfect! couldnt taste any better! loved it! ^.^ Aww~ sunshine~ it was raining here 
These are ppl that sent me something and I didn't respond  so please follow..#RosyQ'sFOLLOW Sat, @ebonee_rae @cadionthego @gift_tours
I had a CRAZY Fri Night/Sat Morning. I woke up in the hospital, came home to my mother yelling at me &amp; now don't have a phone anymore. 
Sat unique everyone. It seems like it's still hard for some to express themselves and that's a shame 
@SpikeTheLobster The sun might be out somewhere on this planet but it's not in Bury  I work Sat to Weds.... ooops sun just popped out!
@lamunro Ouch. I'm on nights Tue &amp; Wed. Two is bad enough  Zombie time.
Sat in staff room waiting for shift to begin; won't be going home until midnight. 
Anyone notice Chicago finally has summer weather &amp; now beaches are closed due to Fri storms?  That kiddie pool is looking better everyday!
@Tabitha_Suzuma Glad bk award was gd but if they can have the pleasure of yr company for 2 whole days, why can't I? Dublin on Wed NOT Fri 
Off to my house to clear out the last lot of stuff :/ hate that someone will be living there on Thurs 
The Mon(ster)day is here! 
@JujuKatz  Tues is just around the corner.
More surgery for mom on Thurs.  #squarespace
@acjudge no Dance this week for me  working wednesday night. could maybe catch the follow up Thurs!
Called in to work again. I'm not supposed to be called on Tues and Wed, ut I get called in every day unless I ask for it off in advance. 
Surgery boy has been sleeping since 1230. I miss him.  This is the longest sleep he has had since Thurs but...I want him to wake up 
ugh i feel sick  i hate my stupid stomach!! cant wait till the doctors on Fri.
Lost Discs :: RE: TAKEN!!!: Author: thechad Subject: jerks  Posted: Mon Jun 22, 2009 4:18 pm (GMT -6)  I have .. http://tinyurl.com/leep4c
Not making it to the Transformers 2 premiere..how sucky!!  but I'm so gonna go see it on Wed. can't wait!!
Just found out im working Thurs,Fri,Sat,Mon... the extra cash will be nice be the trades will suffer  Cafe' is calling, time for breakfast
@So_NKreDibEllE Where u goin Sat night, I think I can definitely come out that night... friday morning and sat mornin i got work &amp; skool 
Oops, jetblue put an extra 13000 lbs of fuel on our plane. Sat an hour on the tramac 
I look like a catfish in my new avatar! Lol. I'd change it but I won't have internet @ my new place until Thurs!  
Since I didn't win the lottery Sat. I guess I will pay my bills.  
@jen_cook i understand.  my book is also suffering.  and i have writer's group on Weds night...with nothing to bring.  
@AngieAnge I'll be there around 4 tomorrow, going out to eat before the show and then back to the darker side of town   Be back Fri tho!
@leander80 Luvie what time will you be in The Hague?? As I have 2 get up very early Sat morning  how abt monday?? x
@tamarabrooks I'm at $455 but my goal is $2000    hope things get a good final push, it is such a good cause!  Will b nice 2 c u on Sat!
@stevecla apparently &quot;Cult&quot; is showing from June 26th, Open Tue-Sat 11am-6pm. So I guess not for a few days 
precooking dinner for tonight   no Tues. night crit for me... p.s. what the heck is yogurt cheese????
@BreannaGaddie During those hours unfortunately  I will only be able to go for a couple of hours in the afternoon, b/c NKOTB is Sat!
@wn737_flygirl I fly on Wed. out of PHX.  Sorry I wasn't able to meet with ya guys!
@19ColdcACE06 i didnt offer cuz dr. morris paid for us...LOL...n im not thr we r n vicksburg they r bck so our wk @ jsu is over  c u Fri
Just found out that our van won't be ready til tomorrow. Which means we won't be getting to Creation until late late Wed. 
Sorry last message was stuck thought it sent on Sat 
@bazookalove I was in hollywood on Mon morning n wanted 2 hit u up 4 an aroma cafe pigout but had 2 head back 2 OC for work ish  ugh..
@casket4mytears I seriously looked into tickets, because they're playing Cincy on Mon., but there are no cheap seats. 
I hate that I have to wake up at 4:30 am on Fri/Sat, just to attend orientation  Too late to skip out, nao -_-
Another day, another dolla Wed and Tues are def the slowest days of the week. Why is it so gloomy every morning in santa monica?  sucks
Putting deep conditioner on hair &amp; doing last min preps 2 leave town on Fri. Have Dane Cook tix &amp; cannot go- won't be here Fri nite. 
@TheAmberHope I'm supposed to be going out for dinner to The Keg on Friday and then lunch with my old big sister thru Big Sisters on Sat 
Apparently it's quite serious now because the virus is still present in the campus and my mum wants me to stay at home till next Wed. 
@bustalkmag SCA IL Forecast for Thurs: 50% chance of storms, could be severe. high 90. heat index 95-100. bad news: no cool down fri/sat 
Sat in business and bored 
Lots of nom at Hilton breakfast today. Sat on the sea front in the nice weather. I don't want to go home 
Ohh sorry, I work on weekends too, meant to see I'll love my weekend Nights... Yeah that's it! Fri, Sat, Sun... no Thurs unfortunately 
long emotional day at work knackered. Sallys last day. 2morrow my last on site. then Mon&amp;Tues at conf then its finito on 5.5 years 
Sat at home Ill and bored 
Sat watching a comedy show to cheer myself up  Feeling really upset &lt;/3
@VonBon Think J finishes nursery Wed so free Mon/ Tues / Wed PM and Fri all day.  I think. I'm so disorganised 
@theothermousie Just found out a mutual friend died of leukaemia on Tues eve leaving behind two young daughters. 
Sat on a bench on the common waiting for my MOT. This is going to cost 
Sat waiting for a bloody train  I've got half an hour, and I hate middlesborough!
@bfelt23 I dunno!!  Wed nights are taken now 
Just had neighbour in telling me how she didnt sleep on Tue cause of my dog  feel guilty!!
I have church thur and am always forgetting I can watch fbc on line until Thurs. 
If you could see me now! Sat here with Tartan blanky across my lap like OAP, hair looking like a knitted rug, bright pink Pj's &amp; a smile! 
Bellydance class tonite! $5 YogaFit class on Wed. eve! RSVP!! Namaste. 
@benoitmahe  I took my XTi on Sat+Sun and was just to your right &amp; rear   I took a LOT of photos in the hope some will come out OK 
@kelvinphotos No worries!  The husband (@sirwobin) has a poker night most weeks, usually on a Thur if you fancy coming along sometime.
@ThatKevinSmith I see next Sat. is yours and Jen's 10 Anniv. Congrats!  How has she done it? 
@jennyoverman Hannah Montana Movie is WONDERFUL! Saw it last Fri! 
Sat outside a tea room in Keswick, enjoying a cream tea. Weather is glorious, scenery spectacular 
Watching a Sat. morning movie trying to get the energy to get stuff done today.  
Workin on a Sat... Flipsyde flyin in!! 
Enjoying my Sat. off- slept in &amp; am going 2 watch a video now 
@NeridaHart I have no idea about that. anyway, if we run the Gov 2.0 BarCamp on a Sat its unlike to conflict with anyone 
@NancySeeger 1 hour(53 minutes actually) from 85th to 33rd  ah well it's only Sat nite... Crushed the mtg 
@steeeve you can start joining us at Calvary chapel spring valley on Sat nights at 6pm.  then you'll have something to do
oh why do we do Sat nites!!!! lots of water and pills for brekkie 
Off til Wed. 
@woodcreeper That is so cool! Not much in my area but probably by Mon or Tues 
Youhpu ! Mon DD remarche grace a @deherve ! 
Flying to Sydney at 10pm for Presence conference Tue night and to see Krys 
Sat on almscliff crag watching the world go by 
@momof2furballs Due date is Weds 22nd! 
I'll be at the Irvine Improv Tues (10pm) &amp; Wed Night (8pm)! Hit me up for FREE Tickets 
@phryl Glad to hear it, we have lots of golf to play this season  R we still on for Fri?
@sheluvshiphop lol ummmmm Thurs or Fri? 
Muh cool homie @TerryCoughlin should come down to The HiFi Thurs May 14th and watch me rock out cuz he's a nice guy like that 
Am selling two spare standing tickets to sold out Basement Jaxx gig next Tue 28 Apr at London Roundhouse. DM me if interested. 
@creepycruelme bom dia, Mon!  A different approach on our daily exchange? *
@destraynor Speaking at #DevDays on Thurs and #barcampbelfast on Saturday - 0 slides ready, but I've decided to use Futura LT Bold  &lt;&lt;Win!
I gotta look nice 4 da next 3 days. Sat: With Sal. Sun: Confirmation. Mon: Official 2year for Sal &amp; I (: At least I will be well rested! 
aw come on @mushka. It's Fri Nite.....*hmmmmph  @ICEGIRL152 yep, that IS the vid......heheh ? http://blip.fm/~5ea0x
@stradageezer Sat 8 EST, thanks for asking. I actually play music on my show. 
@conservagirl Yup-I do too-so ur def not alone!! But I'm still a newbie here yet too so...?  Chin up-maybe next Fri! 
Sat next to my gorgeous Suzie. 
Sat in salon getting the barnet changed....exciting times 
Up early on Sat morn'! Bout to fix myself sum breakfast n then to Gym 
Sat subsiect test. Only 1 hour  I hope I get an 800
J Mill calls me 5 mins ago. I proceed to cuss him out for calling me so damn early on a Sat... Then he says something about a BBQ! 
@Babs_theOT BUFFET!!!! STARVIN'!!!!!! Mon' the Creeds!!! 
@hemanthpotluri dude... i had jus the Sat... 
Sat in starbucks for breakfast again!fruit bread &amp; vanilla latte = heaven.  x
@JudyDelRio To go to Jax on Thurs &amp; all these new visit reports they want every week. Resume already updated &amp; sent out to a few places 
6-0 Salzburg you made me proud! Mon the bulls!! 
Sat at the train station with sarah ana natalie and sam. Talking about menstruation  xo
100th update = sick...but home for the next few days then back to BG Wed nite for one last class...then summer vacation  
@ChrisYotive I rode Thurs. + discovered my computer on bike was out. Emailed Cateye and replacement was here on Sat. 
FINALLY a break till Wed, no work OR school, both have been hectic - Yay for breaks!  [3/11/09 I love my sunshine]
@jessewilkins Lemme know how it goes! I sit for 3 pts on Thurs and 2 on Fri 
@humminbird I'm not going to be @indyhall on Fri but we need some Tbar time soon 
Morning all, typical grey &amp; wet bank holiday Mon so far today. :/ Off to photo gallery and paint gallery later, may treat myself. 
This week meet me at OFFF, next Thu, Fri and Sat. And try there MIC and Surface. 
@sunrisesister yeah, so quick! And I'm using the 5mm addi's I bought on Sat and it makes it even smoother 
Swanage tomorrow and going to stay in Bourton on the Water Thurs/Fri!  Hoping for sun  Arcades and tea and pretty things, here we come
guess I'll start getting some of my camping and fishing stuff together for Wed &amp; Thurs trip to Braunig Lake...... 
Back in the office after a great &quot;Student Round-Up Event&quot; last Thu and Fri. Thank you very much for coming. I was great to meet y'all. 
@VisitGalena - we wouldn't miss it for the world!  ICCVB meetings @VisitPeoria Mon-Wed....  the fun is just beginning 
Sitting at home watching ATL for the 2 time todayy  Waiting for Jess to come at like 630 then go get Marg and head out later to Second Sat
Law and Order! Yeah, I stay home on Sat nite! 
Gremlin is asleep after a particularly challenging bedtime. I think it's safe 4 me to go to bed -what a crazy Sat night for me! 
@CiaoBella50 Evening! How are you this Sat night? 
@laura_diaz I did notice more men with kids in stores on Sat.I am heading to church and sing in the choir in the 1st &amp; 2nd services. 
@fawcett94 - I'm not letting Reach sink. Thats for sure. I'm still presenting and joint HON! Owens Mon 8pm-10pm &amp; I'm Sat 2pm-4pm 
@PlatMack YO. Just wrapped up work on Sun. after a long Sat...sleep is optional 
@V_J I haven't been sleeping well this wk, had a gig Fri nite, &amp; woke up early Sat AM after 3 hrs of sleep. So it was time 2 crash 
@astridcallista ha ha, have to rush work tonight unfortunately! flying on Tues morning! hope u come to a decision soon, hee. 
@PrincessBoo36 They have pool tables, shuffle board &amp; a bar. It's pretty big &amp; open. Perfect for a chill Sat. night with friends. 
3 days of work this week, Indesign course Thurs &amp; Fri 
Geminis are told, today is another typical  Mon, whereby nothing really seems to go right. I shall defy this kinda raeding. 
going to sleep! possibly going to Ikea w/ Neil on Wed. to find dishes &amp; other cool stuff. life is grrreat 
@RunJen I like europe on wed. that much  .. . but then again it'd be better if it were on a Fri.
Getting myself in the mood for Sat night with my new bebo skin. 
I'm on my way home. What do u know about Sat OT? 
I c a few new twppl followin meh...  how r u doin this lovely Sat nite?
@think_peace nice to see you had a wonderful Sat.  Hello to your friends!  Looking forward to seeing your friends here 
@smilin808hapa tonight LO is open, then on Wed-Sat. 7pm-12am 
Sat on M4 with a hangover listening to Enter Shikari  Also the wedding yesterday was freakin beautiful, i never cry but i did yesterday!
@krrley Was in Mtl from Fri-Sat for 24-hr b-day surprise shopping spree! Thought of you but it was all so quick. Do plan on returning tho 
Sat at home being bored lol 
is loving Montreal this weekend. Preach on Fri. Dany Tenaglia on Sat. Sharam next, then Tiga!! Can't ask for more 
@You2Gov Keep flying East after Wed and we can do a tweetup at the beach 
Twittering from my luvverly new netbook for the first time! Sat at work in my break, tapping away... Ooh, luxury! 
@kimixkimi Haha yeah, I got some stores from her blog listed that I liked  So I'm going to check them out Wed XD~ But flight is tomorrow~
Had usual Sunday lunch w/inlaws. Steak,potato,broccoli,carrots,squash, roll.Delish. But glad there's more variety Mon-Sat. 
best weekend ever! bar west on Thur, M party on Fri, Wild Animal Park  Sat, Sun= workout day /chill with a movie/ surprise jessw/ cake = 
@Ms_Lauren aww  thanxs I'm sooo late with the twit! Hehehehe what's good with u ? Wed u better be on time!
No classes after 10:45am on Thur, Fri, Sat during Term 4 
@Geeno33 :s erm dunno :p .. its my b`day on Sat 
@ozdj @woosang *g* really showing my age now, eh. But there they were Mon-Fr, 3.30pm. 
Heya im LIVE so come on and talk  started: Mon, 01:51 PDT
@swannny hey - thanks for the birthday message - hope your hangover on Sat. wasn't too severe 
There was a random kid following us at the arcade on Sat. The smile on his face when we took photos tgt surely did put a smile on me too! 
Sat waiting to get into the IMAX cinema to see startrek 
@shaundiviney BOO!  hey how u doin? It was great to meet u on Sat! u most likely don't member me but I was 1 of the few blondes who got in
Sushi Wasabigasms galore were had Sat. night, in the presence of a beautiful woman. I wonder if love for fish was on my 'list'. It is now 
@PatrickAvis yeah seeing them next Wed too 
@HelsbyArms thanks ,we only have sundays off. good luck for Sat then and hope the weather improves for us all 
Excited for the weekend ahead - Abacus on Fri and Marco Pierre White's restaurant on Sat 
I realized I didn't post any pics of the DANCING at Sat. nite's Camp Courageous fundraiser ... I brushed up on my foxtrot and merengue 
@nasajanet Finally clicked where else I know you from. Blame low coffee levels on Sat. AM. Lovely to meet you all. Joe says &quot;hi&quot; to Ruby 
@ArvindRocks Dude u know.. Then Sat will be a compensation.. Anyways I'm planning to stay in office 
Sat in starbucks but this time we are graced with eloises presence! 
Sat in spoons in Stanstead waiting for boarding gate. 
working both jobs today &amp; tmrw... buy a booth and then come eat some sweet fusion @ Straits! Back to Ohiooooo Weds-Mon! Asian Fest! 
Supposed to be 86 F here on Wed - yay for summer 
@iheni Joined the group, will be there on Sat 
@LatinaNichelle4 Yea, I tried to switch it to Fri before hitting *reply* lol Its always a laid bck day after a night out. 
Sat on the bus - feeling a little tender but not too rough  I wonder if brandon ever found his jacket..
@revdal Thank you for your tweet after broadcast on Wed! 
Dance Rep @ Mercedes Edwards Theatre Fri&amp;Sat @7:30. $8 presale, $10 door. &quot;All You Can Dance&quot; 
home from work.Looong! cooking dinner for the roomies tonight  then afew drinks at Mon's. more work tomorrow. 100% from a mystery shopper!
is finishin up &amp; then headin 2 Cville for 12 mre hours. Very excited 4 the weekend!!  B&amp;W Festival Sat &amp; then who knows?? :0)
Sat in the studio unpicking a tshirt which just went wrong, sob!! really need sleep  
@selig Hey, dude! We postponed it  ! We will have constitutional meeting 4 the supportive association after Open Coffee Nkpg Sat! #smcogtl
Waiting Mon like always 
Afternoon all &amp; how r we this sunny day? I'm looking 4ward 2 a lovely long wkend no work till Tues  Just gonna relax &amp; chill out
@djktone Ah, the lip service recap on Thurs nights of course. Thanks 
Busy cleaning! Its a NEVERENDING chore! Gonna have 3 dogs this weekend, dog sitting another 1 on Sat &amp; Sun. 
@blissdesigns We ahve a softball game on Sat morning. Otherwise, no big plans. We've all been sick so need to rest I think. 
First time of tweeting from the trailer field  Just had a cancellation for this Sat-Mon if anyone interested in a sunny weekend in an ...
@TheRealClint Right on! I really should know more lyrics 2 that song since old college roomie played that song all the time.  Happy Fri!
Got free tickets to the Braves game this Sat. Also I get to walk on the field with the players  You might see me if you watch it!
Ahhh, holiday traffic.  Thurs, 1.5 hours. Fri, .5 hour. 
oh wow things are moving &amp; shaking. Angel investor from Wed event [only the one's with wings!] are asking for 1 page info about my biz 
FFS!!! :@  Sat 2 exams today and my train home has been cancelled Meanwhile @ ddaly9 is going walks on a lovely summer day :/ TGIF  
FFS!!!! Sat 2 exams today and my train home has been cancelled !! :@ meanwhile @ddaly9 is going walks in the countryside ! TGIF 
Still have the airbed up from last Sat. Well. Deflated, but here. It's a start I suppose 
@MizFitOnline Here's one: I met w/ a pers.trainer on Wed. # of sessions recommended=4/wk. Price? $68 each =$1000/mo. Who can afford that? 
@elysiabrooker Sa-WEET! um... well if we pick this Thurs I can bring M&amp;M Brownies!! 
@ORMediaInsiders LOL. I totally wasn't trying to guilt you into a dl. but I'll take it   Wed is a good jump-on point, I think.
More info is up for &quot;PORCELAIN&quot; (Sat.Jun.6th) @ Facebook ( http://tinyurl.com/nnbubz ) &amp; MySpace ( http://tinyurl.com/nup9fe )!  RSVP!  
Next Sat The Roots Picnic, Philadelphia PA!! (prays no rain) 
lovelovelove to live by the beach and catch friends with their babies on a Fri afternoon 
@hantu For lunch?  Sorry  But hey are you free Sat night?
Sat at the doctors, waiting to discuss my stupid iron levels. Again! Fed up of this! Friday tho, yay 
must leave early today got dinner at a hotel feels like western  ...arghh so nice it's Fri what a loveliest day of all the days..
@sineadcochrane looks like @emeraldcircus are having a showcase type night &quot;Renegade&quot; on Sat 20 Jun http://short.ie/vafc2n 
