Most common words for this cluster:
[('saturday', 77), ('sunday', 26), ('friday', 15), ('day', 8), ('morning', 7), ('quot', 6), ('night', 5), ('tomorrow', 5), ('weekend', 5), ('am', 5), ('may', 5), ('i', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Saturday', 0.9998546838760376), (u'Sunday', 0.9180152416229248), (u'Friday', 0.8484533429145813), (u'Thursday', 0.801493763923645), (u'Monday', 0.7939918637275696), (u'Wednesday', 0.7927422523498535), (u'Tuesday', 0.7920324206352234), (u'night', 0.653647780418396), (u'evening', 0.6466997861862183), (u'afternoon', 0.6430007219314575)]





I can't believe it's only Saturday. It feels like Sunday 
@BlogsForBraces an exam at 9am on a Saturday?! I had 3 of those this semester so I feel your pain.  But I'm in College!! &gt;.&gt;
Despite this week's discovery of studies confirming (finally!) that sleeping in late is good stuff, it's an 8am Saturday tomorrow for me 
Saturday morning, 7.48am, and the postman (who I've never seen before) decides to ring the door bell to deliver an &quot;important&quot; letter   
Another nervy Saturday.  Albion going down if scores stay the same 
May 1st showers bring flooding waters??? WHAT?!!!! Floods are fun! (not) ready 4 a SPECTACULAR Saturday 
I'm still at work on this dreadful Sunday after working all day Saturday as well.  
fights in Vegas the Saturday before I get there and the Saturday after I leave...should have made plans to go to one of them. 
Why people write business-critical emails on Saturday evening about what to do on Sunday? Weekend is about the family isn't it? 
Again the market went down  ... Elections results are on Saturday... I guess every body is selling their stocks off before the results
Saturday off Yay ! Sunday in no Yay  http://myloc.me/QPO
A part of my big toe's toenail broke off sometime yesterday morning  I hope it's not too raw/exposed still on Saturday during my test!
Nothing like exchanging texts about work with your boss at midnight on a Saturday  just 2 more days of this and it's over )-:
good news: got Saturday off for my birthday, bad news: i have to work thurs, friday and bank holiday monday!! 
Saturday and Sunday, still in the lab... 
@Blondiie7 I found a dress 4 Saturday, but nothing 4 Friday or Sunday 
hmmm... looks like going out for coffee and cake was too much yesturday on top of Saturday anyway  never mind got tea and laptop
@Splodge360 only managed a lacklustre 3, did a double lap late on Saturday then Sunday morning and the rain arrived 
is going to need a shovel to tidy this house. I work Friday, Saturday, with Brownie event Sunday and the whole house is trashed 
Friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work Saturday and Sunday 
May have to work Saturday   I want to just rewrite it properly over the weekend, but bosses may say just get it working now.
Getting ready for a long weekend of work..friday Saturday and Sunday 
is spending her Saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid whore recalled the book I'm using. Not fair 
is working tomorrow all day so can't do anything tonight  Whats the plan for Saturday?
@iAquarian I heart Mela so so much cept last time I went they booked us in on the Saturday instead of the Friday and wouldn't feed us 
this is the first Saturday night i haven't gone out since the 14th February and i could have but im sick 
Working... I hate this &quot;wake up waaaaay too early&quot; Saturday am thing. 
woke up, had a picnic with the most wonderful man, headed ? bridgettes now, i wnt see him til Nxt Friday  or Saturday
@elimacd If you have time to eat and twitter at 11 something on a Saturday, it sounds like your FC is about as dead as mine! 
@kiidswiper,yea,even if you have nothing to do on a Saturday,its not as bad,lol..Saturday=Happy..Monday= 
Watched the mets lose today in person, got a sunburn and now watching a crappy movie. Not a fun Saturday so far 
@Becca2994 because all week I got up when I wanted to then went to bed late on Friday night but had an alarm on Saturday morning 
looking at videos of Expo from last Saturday (23rd May) and seeing if I'm in any of them! No luck so far 
Just 3 days to go before the big weekend of racing starts! Rain forecast for Friday and Saturday 
@p1co I'm going to a friends grad party Saturday.. and I'm working Friday. Lots of studying Sunday 
@Rove1974 Awwww crap! Thanks! Saturday afternoon is not as bad as Saturday night to be reminded of footy tips 
Loving working on a Saturday, and looking like a Sunday too 
working on Saturday makes Saturdays feel like just another day... 
Friday night went out &amp; had a good time! ;) Saturday day was good! Saturday night was not so good 
@mtojek I was just curious because it's fathers day weekend...but I work Friday Saturday and Sunday 
@CupcakeNicki  can you make me an assorted pack of icing... maybe a Sunday through Saturday one... I'm still hella craving some. 
@CupcakeNicki  can you make me an assorted pack of icing... maybe a Sunday through Saturday one... I'm still hella craving some. 
@wsvn yes, on Saturday and Sunday - I get cable but I was testing on a box and old tv that got analog channel 7 wsvn b4 
Morning Tweets. Its rain and thunderstorms every frikkin' day until Saturday. I open everyday anyway. This is not my knda week at all 
@YedaYeda yes maam, im pretty obsessed w/Basketball...can't help it! I probably won't play again til Saturday or Sunday though 
3 days until the return of the Leetard! Athough, I won't get to see him on Saturday. 
And to think im done well im not. I also have a class in Saturday afternoon. Saturday and Sunday are the rest days. Now i only have one. 
@x_stevie_x oh man stevie  this Saturday 11am my time! 7pm yours! Yes?
@RachelFerrucci yes breAK is almost over. We need to do these on a Saturday or Sunday. I always miss the  #bookieb
Shit shit shit gotta hate the rain on a Saturday! bummer 
enjoying sleeping in, it's 11 am and I have no reason to get out of bed before 1pm... Saturday I love you, but tomorrow is Sunday 
There really is no point in waking up early on Saturday's anymore... No more one Saturday morning... 
Really need to work out timezones before agreeing to work Saturday 2pm PST...which is 7am on a Sunday here...not noice 
85 degree Saturday.  I have a feeling I'll be making a LOT of frappuccinos today.  I'm even slated for cold beverage station today 
@cynthialarson shit is it Sunday?...damn I lost a day thought it was Saturday 
It's a cold and rainy Saturday. I'm not feeling well.  I think I'll go make tea with some mint and lemon verbena.Then, a nap. Later tweeps
Cottage ceiling ripped out Friday nite &amp; Saturday. Sunday = locating all the leaks while it rains. Note &quot;all the leaks&quot; not &quot;leak&quot; 
Sunday scheduled football game is postponed to Saturday instead and i can't make it. i was all excited ugh. 
Gonna die at home tomorrow again. Prolly swimming tomorrow. Saturday have tuition  Sunday, drums and swim. What a boring life i have, god.
@Woth2982 @DDsBoston @Bostongrlkayte it is going to be sunny and 11 Celcius Friday and sunny and 15 Saturday sweet 
Yay! 1st post-surgery photoshoot date set. Saturday, May 9th. Classic boudoir style. This is going to be great...I'm back in the game 
We just won our first perminate Saturday gig. So Friday and Saturday grind is in full effect. 
I didn't even realize it's Saturday! First Saturday of May! 
Saturday morning ... looking like a good day. Lots of errands and life admin - then the Derby and perhaps basketball 
@Ekipstonmai  Then my 3 days off are Saturday Saturday Sunday 
Pool, alcohol, &amp; a cute band, couldn't ask for more on a Saturday night  #fb http://twitpic.com/4w1rr
It's Monday man ewww wish it was tuesday well actually wish it was Saturday just a constant Saturday 
