Most common words for this cluster:
[('saturday', 681), ('night', 106), ('morning', 64), ('work', 56), ('day', 45), ('home', 37), ('today', 31), ('am', 27), ('tomorrow', 26), ('week', 20), ('time', 19), ('i', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Saturday', 0.9999562501907349), (u'Sunday', 0.9143306016921997), (u'Friday', 0.8447656631469727), (u'Thursday', 0.7977626323699951), (u'Monday', 0.7899436354637146), (u'Wednesday', 0.7892557382583618), (u'Tuesday', 0.7885849475860596), (u'night', 0.6533149480819702), (u'evening', 0.6457931995391846), (u'Satruday', 0.6435988545417786)]





You know it's going to be a long week when u wake up thinking it's Saturday 
@BelleNoirMag I didn't see you Saturday 
will have a photoshoot on hmm...Saturday??i think i can't.. 
going off to bed, gots to open pbread then closing appdizzle, the usual Saturday.   no free time.
Saturday morning promotion: if there was only one firefox plugin, it should be http://www.feedly.com (but it eats up my life 
Saturday morning and I'm at school  oh well...
@PreciousLittle I am so sorry you have to work on a Saturday 
Four quizes and an exam - not my favorite way to spend a Saturday. 
Oh goodie! I'm in class on a Saturday morning....gotta love graduate school 
Wanting to be more productive on my Saturday off, but it's too wet for yard work today. 
Off to work on a beautiful Saturday morning 
My Saturday appears to be vanishing quickly 
Loads to do - chores, paperwork and prep for next Saturday - but giving in to headache and going back to bed. 
Getting ready to go to school on a Saturday  sigh
I work all week and I'm fine. Saturday I wake up... I'm so sick  WTF
Playing after the others thanks to TV scheduling may well allow us to know what's go on, but it makes things look bad on Saturday nights 
Lamentably I am today Saturday in the work 
Saturday night tired and bored. ! 
Another Saturday night and another night shift. I must of upset someone at the office to keep getting these 
Another wasted Saturday night 
Staying home on Saturday night! 
Is sitting around on a Saturday night bc she couldn't go to taken cadence 
Saturday night and I'm home alone again 
Saturday! I could have gone to my friends 29th b-day party, but instead I have to work. This sucks.The time I get off it'll be over 
@alanweatherbee Indeed it is! i forgot they changed the airdate to Saturday until seeing your tweet 
Totattly wasted a Saturday getting drunk but the burrito from the great lost bear absorbed all of it sooo going to bed soberish. 
Anyone for studying french on a Saturday night?  http://twitpic.com/3kynu
Just woke up and realized I slept away my Saturday night  mikey and I are such bummy sleepy heads
@groovygeorge Haha not really, going drinking next Saturday, everyone (including me) has uni early tomorrow 
After an extremely fun Saturday, up for a bagel and to send @cclear44 back to the airport 
@writing_genius  what happened to Saturday???  slacker!
I wish everyday was Saturday!  But  nooooo, there just HAS to be weekdays, too! 
#taekwondo competition Saturday - I don't feel ready yet 
@school  boreeed.... I want Saturday back
Just for a change Saturday night I saw 1, 2, 3 and 5am - this time the eldest 
Saturday afternoon... long weekend... why do I feel tired!?! 
Saturday and i have to wake up at 7:30... 
Oh my god... both kids up for the day at 6.45am... that's wayyyyy too early for a Saturday 
This day is gonna be boring. It`s a Saturday, I`m supposed to go out. 
So bored this Saturday night 
recovering from a bad chest infection...spent the last 2 days asleep...still feel crap today &amp; it's bloody Saturday, not fair 
Having a really lazy Saturday before the working week begins tomoro 
I can think of 1mil things I'd rather be doin right now other than being here..at work..at 6am on. Saturday!! 
is having a very quiet Saturday night by herself. How sad 
Oh, Saturday morning hangovers, how I missed you... 
It's Saturday and the weather is lovely...and I'm going to school. 
Ah, Saturday - it's you again. What to do today? I don't feel well 
it's Saturday and everyone else is sleeping...except for me  hoping for a solution to all this nonsense soon!
home on a Saturday night     
It's Saturday.  And I have to work. 
@dreday11 Why do people work on Saturday? 
It's a rainy Saturday, doesn't matter I'm going to work anyway. 
It's Saturday, and I am still bored 
Up on a Saturday and off to chemistry lessons with my tutor 
My dad woke me up for school on a Saturday. 
woke up far too early on a Saturday morning... especially since the tv is messing up and I can't get any cartoons!!  
@Spitphyre wot u plan tweetups on Saturday 
Saturday and working 
why am i up so early on a Saturday? 
rainy Saturday 
I'm up early on a Saturday. I suck!  I'm really sleepy. 0_o
Saturday morning cartoons aren't what they used to be. 
It's a beautiful Saturday and I'm stuck in a dark room. 
My first Saturday in forever that I didn't hav to wake up early for anything... and i didn't even sleep in 
Just woke up to a rainy Saturday 
Just woke up feeling kinda tired.  I really don't want to go to work, especially on a Saturday 
What a boring Saturday night I have in store. 
didnt utilise my sunny Saturday nearly as well as I should have...will regret it around 6pm tomorrow night 
Saturday + work = no fun 
Working on Saturday. 
Boring arse Saturday afternoon.. and my roller blades are missing 
Saturday night spent all by my lonesome ! 
Doing what I am always doing on Saturday night, working at hospital 
A whole Saturday without a single call or text?!  something is wrong somewhere...
Nursing an uneasy body. Why do I do this to myself each Saturday night 
2 days sence last update......won Saturday but now hurting. 
@archaelus Actually maybe that's Saturday 
@heidimontag I'm at work and I'm sick that's how my Saturday went 
Aw last Saturday practice 
Nothing kills a Saturday like a migraine and a fever 
Heading out the door on a Saturday night to ... are you ready ... check a leaking colostomy bag ... poor thing   
what a boring Saturday 
I jjust woke up and it's funny I didn't mean to sleep this long... There goes my Saturday nite 
reading Socrates' predecessors on a Saturday night. 23 going on 5,000 years old 
Hanging out at my house on a Saturday night by myself....sad deal....  
tired and didn't really have an exciting Saturday.  oh well, hope it's better tomorrow.  
have to stop following celebrities.... makes my Saturday night seem super boring 
11:30 on a Saturday and I'm off to bed.  I'm boring and lonely. 
Saturday and in my house 
@TheBlondeTheory it doesn't sound like the perfect Saturday night... 
@kdaly100 wish I had said those two words last Saturday night 
@QueenofScots67 no, only occasional Saturday night treat on the way to visit  gran and grandad for us, and no chocolate after 
Deffo gutted about the Saturday night takeaway news though 
@Cubikmusik comin back Saturday evening 
@MrBinks Weekend LOL. I did 16 days, have a day off tomorrow, then back to it on Saturday. 
I wanna go to the concert this Saturday. 
@djbunty You know how gutted I am that I'm not getting crunk with you on Saturday  bunty vs mgck @ red soon haha
@iDazz yeah - it does mean probably working on Saturday  have watched apprentice, read feeds, now dog walk then gaming?
Up... Why can't it be Saturday? 
@Noufah if I take it today I'll go to wekalaa on Saturday for another week to repair the airbag 
couldn't find the part am searchin for  most wait till Saturday !! going to the garage to check up the car after the paint ...
I need to get donations for the rugby club before the golf tournament fundraiser this Saturday. I hate this part. 
so much for my party plans Saturday.    bummed...
@rachlanger No RockStar = me taking two naps today.  Saturday productivity = 
@stephtripp I was excited for a second, then realized that it was a lame Saturday night. 
Is a Saturday night lame-o! 
Saturday night gsn, only one more week of it 
@omnomjessnom sadly, none. But we had a great time and the eats were yummy! Saturday night not good for celeb spotting 
Exams are up next Saturday 
Staying in on a Saturday to get better. 
wasted a beautiful Saturday 
Home, Saturday, night was not bad... though I honestly wasn't planning on being home already 
spent Saturday being sick in bed. 
aww change a plan going out next Saturday  aww well guess could do of saving the money
didn't get cake on Saturday - 
@IcarusWingz though i drank more than him on Saturday so if he is off sick for that reason i will be very disappointed in him 
still a little disappointed from Saturday 
@shell6816 What was the weather like today? It was awful on Saturday 
@dkernohan  I logged in to find 185 unread emails this morning and that's only since Saturday morning. 
@davecross if only it weren't always on a Saturday 
is not overall very happy, A - was hung up on (angers me a lot!!) B - car running on air, C - very very poor until Saturday 
Terrible, I couldn't enter my twitter since Saturday...  too sad that I missed all the updates...
@SmellyMel82 yeyyy we got confused it was supposed to be the last Saturday of the month 
1st day at work and I'm sooooo bored I have nothing to do...  and I'll be at work Saturday too... I was so excited y-day but  def not now
@DMeteorologist   How bad will the rain be on Saturday?  
Night all - early start in the morning - eeek and its Saturday tomorrow 
@Schofe awww, I miss Saturday morning kids TV  xx
@jordanpassmore @jblumho @lordtiffany27 @hammbh well guys I can't find anyone to work for me on Saturday so I can't make it tonight 
So as  I was in the process of waking up, I completely thought it was Saturday. 
@DaphneTX i'm okay. just so busy @ work  cant wait to hear more details on Saturday
I Keep thinking its Saturday... 
@lizweston - I have to work Saturday, covering for one of my employee  How about you?
@mynameisJabee I will be seeing you on Saturday!! I don't know what shirt I am going to wear to the show yet though!!   But I can't wa ...
I guess I'm done writing for now. Only 2 more papers to write before Saturday..and now I'm not even sleepy 
@TristanSpencer I saw the sign on Saturday...sure it's over by now  but I will keep looking out
Just watched the police fish that poor kid outta Ringwond lake   What a sad end to a Saturday night.  
Looks like I'm going to have to add a 20% chance for Saturday again.  
@theJBs @wearecutaways  We were all set to get a room last Saturday! I can't apologise enough for missing out Deccy 
I woke up this morning thinking it is Saturday 
so bored at work, its ridiculous, and my Saturday is going to suck with class in the morning 
even though it's only 7am on Saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw I'm awake because I had a bad dream.. 
Early(ish) night tonight - I'm doing overtime at work tomorrow again  boo for working on a Saturday!
I have class tomorrow and tomorrow is Saturday, I hate having class Saturday  
@hkygrl12 So I'm not seeing you this Saturday?  
study study study.  What fun on a Saturday. 
Saturday will be the worst Saturday I've had in ages 
It's Saturday, just one more day at home 
Saturday morning chores  lots of cleaning to do before school starts
working on a Saturday 
says oh boredom  Saturday's are supposed to be fun http://plurk.com/p/x448m
i freaking have exam on Saturday!! counting down 2 weeks to final now. booo 
Saturday and its the month end and I have no clients to meet! 
'tis 6am Saturday. I should still be asleep, instead I've been awake for 30 mins 
I spent the whole day with my love and it was amazing. I just wish i didn't have to work early and the whole day on Saturday  woe is me.
Nothing makes me happier than topping off a 12+ hour a day work week than a 12+ hour day starting really early on Saturday. 
At work on a Saturday  damn it.
I missed a postal special delivery and now on Saturday I have to go pick it up 
had a busy Saturday morning..now I don't feel well na..   time to get some sleep. Hopefully I'd  feel better  later...
I am off to bed.  I hope y'all have a splendid Saturday!!!  I know I won't 
The show will be up Saturday, its too big for friday, oh and friday is over now, 
working on Saturday 
Saturday morning here and the weather is awful 
@RedAntiques ah that is a good idea - want to be able to send things out all the time but can usually only on Saturday 
*sings* Aaaall byyy myyyseeeeeelf - Saturday solo shifts are the pits... 
I forgot to hide my box of chocolates.  Since last Saturday the whole box has been finished off by my sister 
I forgot to hide my box of chocolates. Since last Saturday the whole box has been finished off by my sister  #gripe
It's the sunniest Saturday so far and I'm working all day  Saturdays are bad enough but when it's sunny it's even worse  Bad times xx
loves classes on Saturday 
Saturday morning = house work 
@katherinertia oh noooooooo you're not allowed to work next Saturday 
I hate early mornings...does anyone really need to wake this early on a Saturday?  
 Saturday in the office!!! Sucks!!
Is it just me or have Saturday morning cartoons plunged to a state of nonexistence?! 
Hey ! Saturday morning but it's not going well ! 
It's a Saturday evening, and I'm alone at home. 
Up way too early for Saturday! 
why am I awake before 9am on a freaking Saturday?  I so wanted to sleep in 
The sun is out. It is Saturday. I am on call 
Working Saturday again...two weeks in row 
I haz Saturday school  4 hours of boring
I have Saturday skewl for missing too many days  lmao well ttyl guys!!!
Up early on a Saturday...headed to a periodontist appointment. *sigh 
I think I tweet this every week, but yeah, I am in my Saturday class again. 
Saturday is going to be ended soon 
My Saturday already sucks. It's going to be a bad day. 
Saturday  and bored 
I'm here at work . . . on this gorgeous Saturday morning.     I'm determined to get out of here by noon &amp; get on the water.
@rumpledoodles Boring Saturday night  !! ugh idk what to do man :/
My Saturday's are always boring. 
Home on Saturday, but can't go anywhere 
at work on a beautiful Saturday morning 
Is it just me or have Saturday morning cartoons plunged to a state of nonexistence?!  (via @djmanifest)
always down rt 18 on Saturday.  
was in bed the whole day. :|  what a crappy way to spend my Saturday T_T
Sounders Saturday! To bad I have way too much work to get done today 
working .... on Saturday night..... 
Why do people insist on ringing my doorbell at 4am on Saturday mornings? This is not the first time. It's so obnoxious. I'm tired. 
sitting upset on a Saturday evening 
How come everything closes at 5pm up north, even on a Saturday? 
Working on a Saturday...   
is happy i'm off on this wonderful sunny Saturday.... with nothing to do  dammit M'Boro!
Off to do the usual Saturday errand running. 
@gymp Saturday work isn't fun mate. Its not so bad; I have a project that will consume the weekends now. 
@WrockDinahSaur I have to go to work most Saturday mornings, but don't get paid extra. 
Wish someone would send me a nice boobs pic to lighten up my Saturday 
I'm hungry and need a hair cut badly! Not a good start to my Saturday 
I love cuddlng until noon then going out for brunch... Why can't every day be Saturday?? 
@nigs was going to chilling but get back to work on this gorgeous Saturday 
i hate having to stay home on a Saturday 
My morning is not starting off well. What a great Saturday morning! 
I wish waitressing didn't involve having to always work on Saturday, when all my friends are off. 
3pm already, where are you going Saturday? I miss you already and you're only half over 
Another crazy Saturday night down ... 72 more till holidays 
Home doing nothing on a Saturday....I work tonight  got to make a living somehow while im getting my degree
Its Saturday evening and I've got just the boredom 
Why do we have so much work to do. It's Saturday! 
Wasting my Saturday away in bed  I hate being sick!
stuck in on a Saturday night and nothing on TV 
Is at home doing homework on this lovely Saturday afternoon... 
At work on a Saturday 
Saturday's just go by way too fast 
Saturday night...at home  I have flu
got ditched for Saturday night plans because I left my phone on silent for an hour.  So bummed.
is nursing a nasty headache this Saturday 
really doesn't want to spend her Saturday night doing homework. 
Saturday night - out for dinner, sure hope it doesn't rain 
mmm i have the feeling this is gonna be a bad Saturday night  damn rain!!!
Saturday night ... i'm so lazy to do something. arf 
I'm so sick of being sick. The coughing is ridiculous and it's putting a damper on my Saturday night... 
Another perfect Saturday night wasted working  (via #zenjar )
Romantic date night canceled  not a fun Saturday.
The bf sleeping on one side and the dog on the other. Saturday night didn't pan out as planned. 
is bored on a Saturday night  ?????
Saturday night...no plans...lame 
the fact that people r actually living their lives instead of tweeting just reminds me how pathetic I am to be alone on a Saturday night 
I need a life outside of work... how awful is it that I'm doing work related stuff on a Saturday night? 
Home after a nice Saturday. I can only log on everyonce in a while. Computer is on the fritz  
is paying the price for waking up in the afternoon and then dozing off and on through the rest of Saturday. 
Ending a crazy night of staying home on a Saturday night 
wishes she was out with A right now. This is a sad sad Saturday night 
Missed out on watching two sweaty hot men grapple on Saturday... 
@UlisesWalters I thought u were working.   How did u get Saturday off?
No Saturday classes please 
But I think my boss hates me. She's making me work 7 hours on Saturday 
@kirstiealley You're telling me. I put in 8 for Saturday. 
@rokks jamey and I are in for today! We have a graduation party next Saturday 
Just realized I double booked a class and a wedding on Saturday 
@jessudd sorry!!!  How many people do you expect to come Saturday?
@griffmiester I was so sad I missed @rob_caporetto's  I missed my old work reunion on Saturday too. just had to rest, couldn't avoid it 
@wlwarriorsuzie Yes I got that assignment done Saturday - was a busy day! I still have 3 more to do though 
@RWAneesa I hit you up Saturday... was in philly pretty much all weekend but figured you wasnt in town 
Wish it was Saturday all over again 
@mobile_divide still vaguely tempted. But I had a 5800 until Saturday, lost it 
 I found out my mum has got cancer off the womb and she was supposed to go for an operation on Saturday but she didn't go and I feel upset
Yes the chef is finally off her feet...broke my left foot just walking along the street on a beautiful Saturday evening, and in a cast 
@samwashere aww that sucks, and on a Saturday too 
@trixie360 oh sure....rub it in that I got denied to try the beta....G029 is not cool!!!  Hopefully I have better luck Saturday 
@1vs100XboxLive that was an amazing game.  I have to miss Saturday cuz of a wedding though  I will be on as MUCH as I can!
@ugwug @precious_pea 50-50 for this Saturday yar  will call you guys friday/early saturday to confirm..
Why can't it be Saturday already 
@horrorhannah it's been attacking me since Saturday 
i'm disappointed in the cruise picture  I really hope my picture this Saturday is better
My stomach been playin tricks on me haven't really eatin since Saturday  http://myloc.me/2meq
@ThomasBond pants! I ain't there tomorrow  shud be back for Saturday tho blud!
My twitters from Saturday didn't post 
This Saturday I have wedding coverage until 1am. It's 12 am and I'm falling asleep, I must change my schedule by then! 
@sweetcarol yes the sad part is that i cant go pick it up until Saturday.. i haven't the time. 
I actually slept for 4 hours but woke up thinking it was Saturday 
@brdlyleon yeah I have sats Saturday too  but I'm just trying to study
It looks like rain for Saturday morning, and that is NOT good because I'm supposed to be going skydiving. 
@dejong I thought blink tickets went on sale Saturday so it looks like I missed out too... 
No more party this Saturday 
It's official - no board exam for me on Saturday 
I love Saturday morning sleepins except when we've had an ant infestation in the pantry because of the rain 
TGIF... unfortunately I work bright and early Saturday morning  At least it means my weekend is almost here!
Saturday morning and I woke up even earlier than normal for work: I need coffe to put my face back together again: its saggy right now 
At work, supervising my online students who have come on campus for a test today, it's Saturday I wanna go home 
Disgustingly bad nights sleep  errr I actually feel sick I'm so tired  why do I have to attend training days on a Saturday ?!
I am working on a Saturday! YAY. 
I'm wearing my uniform on a Saturday 
is heading towards a hectic Saturday. 
I always wake up early on a Saturday it's rubbishhhh 
@Notlob @jamesclay yep I'm up early too; doing the car-share-ferrying-kids-around type Saturday thing.... In the rain 
Is up very early on a Saturday morning 
Decided not to be that lazy on a Saturday and get my ass to badminton! Without proper shoes though 
damn! its so cold outside! no Saturday outing! 
Another Saturday with no footie ... looks like it's shopping and housework 
Almost 4am and I just got home from the hospital.. what a bad day.  and tomorrow (as in Saturday) is going to be just as bad. 
I can't believe it's already Saturday!  2 days left.
I woke up way too early for a Saturday 
having a lazy Saturday and enjoying my 6months old son - bad weather - no flying 
5am is to early to be waking up on a Saturday but i can't fall back asleep 
aw crap....so not happy about Saturday dragonboating cancelled.  sux 
has work to do on a Saturday morning. 
@DebbieFletcher hope you enjoy your Saturday, unfortunately I have class today  I'll wanna know later what you did! haha xx
Working on a project plan - on Saturday 
Staying home on a Saturday night 
I was up before 6am on a Saturday, not fun 
is alone in Saturday night .. 
Is heading off to the shop. On a Saturday??? 
It would be nice not to have to work on a Saturday 
Nothing better than getting up at 6:30am on a Saturday to go into work. 
Running is done - now it's time to get back on the home work...  What a crappy way to spend a Saturday 
Saturday in the university 
@geraldgsantos I'm working at home on Saturday night man.. So sad.. 
why have my children never learnt that they can sleep in (past 6.30am) on a Saturday? 
The nice relaxing Saturday I was looking forward to all week is not going to happen... At all... 
Ahh, I don't want to be awake this early... It's Saturday, I want to sleep in 
Working on a Saturday 
Saturday- 8:58 am: coffee- check, screamed at kids- check! 
WTF are we up early on a Saturday.  
http://twitpic.com/6qnrw - Its Saturday, n I'm headn 2 wrk! 
is lonely on Saturday 
uggh gotta clean house I hate not having time during the week to do this &amp; have to use my Saturday 
oh no! its Saturday night... have to party again 
Saturday night i should be out but noooo i am the flu  make up for it next week HeHe!!!
is at work on a Saturday...  booo.  
ugh! up at 6 on a Saturday 
Saturday night i should be out but noooo i am at home with the flu  make up for it next week HeHe!!!
is stuck inside on this beautiful Saturday 
Probably doing nothing before I have to go into work for 8 hours on a Saturday 
My tummy is rumbly, I'm tired and lonely. I hate Saturday mornings 
So disappointed with this whole weekend... and it's only Saturday morning 
Today is a boring Saturday 
It's really hard to watch Saturday morning infomercials, I mean cartoons, when you don't know the channels anymore. 
Saturday school=major epic fail. I don't wanna be here 
Saturday classes are such a bummer 
Saturday working  
working 12-6... so happy to have a Saturday night off even though it's going to be full of school work  so lameeee.
Working on a Saturday 
looks like it is going to be another boring Saturday around the house 
@RachaelWJones This is my first Saturday off since...your wedding I think. I feel ya 
heading to walmart soon    on a Saturday no less, gonna need an extra crazy pill today LOL
can't believe that I woke up at 0700 on a Saturday!!! I guess I should have taken something for the pain 
Another Saturday of overtime.. the money is nice, but I have to miss my daughter's ball game 
Why do I makes plans to do things early Saturday morning  #regret
@normalguyguide I will be joining you on Saturday work detail in about 2 hours. 
lazy Saturday, i wish there was some sun  what is with this chicago weather?
Saturday TV sucks 
Saturday night fever...proper fever..  
Sitting in a computer room in the hospital on a Saturday night - it doesn't get any cooler than this! Wish my exams were over! 
At work on a Saturday  5 hrs better fly!
@lionel_richie looks great on Saturday program with @grahamnorton how much I wish I was that lady right now  x
Currently at work on a Saturday! 
I am at work...on a Saturday night 
leasing apartments... slow Saturday   ...
@Aerocles sleeping til 11 on a Saturday is allowed, unless it's raining out...which is my current case. 
Spending a fun filled Saturday at the library 
@Frazzy27 until I finished work dude, Saturday backshift is never good! You in tomoro? I'm back in at 8am 
When we came out I was the sick one, now everyone else is borked and crying off home and I'm raring to go. Saturday night fail 
Really want to go for a walk but it's dark and no doubt cold and it's Saturday night in Kdy...so probably not a great idea. 
Finally over with the SATs...for now. Waking up early on a Saturday is not fun at all 
Jeese....... Really slow Saturday 
So this is what it's like to actually have a Saturday off...the sun hides behind the clouds all day 
finally bought some more blk eye liner lol...Saturday went back too quickly 
bored on a Saturday night. 
@KaykayinAR me too but it is Saturday - unfortunately you have to go 
At work what a wonderful Saturday night 
Saturday feels so empty without a mountain of homework to get through 
hearing Saturday night gun shots 
Saturday night and i am going to bed.... How sad is that 
sitting at home on a Saturday night because I never get 2 nights off in a row! 
what kinda losser sits in a chatroom all by himself on a Saturday?....ummm me 
Saturday was no fun! Its 6:40 so the day isn't over, but I kno its not gonna get better! We were suppose 2 go 2 the beach but never went! 
what day is it today??  Saturday??  uguugghghghhghghg 1 more day and back to work i go!  kinda excited actally!!
Studying on the last Saturday before school's out 
Going to miss @saramintz when she leaves on Saturday 
I woke up today and thought it was Saturday, but no it's a day where I have to go back to school the next day 
@thesportsexpert thanks. it was a tough Saturday. I still have a little hope for the Pens. but it does not look good. 
last day of work until next Saturday...woo-hoo BUT five days of finals ahead...can't catch a break 
i thought it was Saturday today. 
@jeroenvangeel A little extra on the Saturday afterwards, but that's all I could do. 
Waking up. No work. Makes today feel like Saturday which makes going to work tomorrow hard 
Working  I want to be back in Saturday again!!!
my stomach really hurts. I think I should eat something; I've had nothing but a bite of toast since lunch-time Saturday 
just woke up... hoping it was still Saturday.... 
Oh no... someone died on Saturday night while I was there. That would have been the reason for the helicopter. 
Hot weekend at a competition. Saturday I thought we did rubbish and we were in the line up, yesterday thought we did brill and no rosie 
@TotesChic LOL I have alternating Mondays off.  I did work Saturday though and worked both days the weekend before.  
I think I am almost finished making my items for the home party I'm going to do Saturday. I just sold a lucite purse  it will be missed
@ml730wb grocery shopping for thangs...I have a taste 4 chicken alfredo...since I ain't none on Saturday 
Really missing my sleepy Saturday today 
wishes she could talk 2 george again as i was so starstruck in front of him on Saturday  -oh well at least he got his card!!!
@elementitus I'd be down, but my legs still can't move from last Saturday. 
@yayitsnina I can't go this Saturday I'm gonna be out of town 
I've been dying since Saturday night of a cold 
drivers ed was boooooooooooring. sitting in the back is not good because i cannot hear!  i also have it this Saturday. lame-o.
the kids and I have not been feeling good since Saturday...not fun 
@shiningCHER yup back @ it 2morrow....next day off-Saturday.... 
Wishes Saturday night never ended 
knee surgery Saturday, fix a torn meniscus..no hiking for awhile 
@sindimeriana Let's have farewell party!!! But not this Saturday 
@custom_misery i still think you should come on Saturday 
@karawr  On Saturday morning. But I have to get this work done before I can go shopping 
The #swinging couple we were meeting Saturday can't make it.  But...    #swingers #swinger
@fozware I'm sorry I disappeared Saturday night  I got stuck haha I passed out and couldn't move!
The weather is calling for thunderstorms on Saturday  I hope everyones ready for the the relay!
just got back from A &amp; E....just hope i will be ok for the march on Saturday 
Saturday looks like showers. 
@taylorjon mean   You need some of our Saturday-night.
And it's a Saturday too  ohh I wanna go and then if I went to wembley I would have a chance of meeting everyone.
@cow_grrrl damnation! @RichardWooding will have to give it a miss as we have a previous engagement at the same time on Saturday. 
@jlionheart I'm not in town on Saturday 
This inset day has felt like a Saturday.. But school tomorrow 
Worrying about Saturday !! 
@DianeDenmark didn't get to watch it on Saturday 
I shed tears for the bird I killed while playin golf Saturday...  ... ka-kawwww ka-kawwww!
@FLABAND I can't believe you bailed out on me Saturday. I thought we were friends. 
soo tired, need to catch up on zzz which aint gna happen until Saturday! 
@appletart, dearest one, when you get the chance, call me cause I fail at scheduling myself  I can't do anything Saturday! I'm working!!!!
@ehmperor @markedwoman @christmas_T I dunno nga e. It's been happening randomly since last week. I'm gonna have it checked by Saturday. 
I can't wait until it's Saturday night. I kind of do not want tomorrow. 
@frankiejh I am so jealous  x I can't wait to see your pretty face on Saturday x x x
Is really going to miss my puppy cove when I move away Saturday 
@beautifulbones Is the march on the Saturday? cause I wanna go but I gotta work on the Saturday 
@DaElement you know I haven't talk to ralph since Saturday. I haven't gotten any calls, txts, anything 
Getting sick, have to work this weekend, hella hw, and doesnt look like I will see my girlfriends until Saturday. Ugghhh 
so everyone's going to be having fun this Saturday night except me 
I miss my sister...Saturday cant get here soon enough. 
ahhh so bored   cant wait till Saturday
Is sad to see his girlfriend go on Saturday 
@ShawnByfield I'm sick today  couldn't make it and bummed about it. If I can't make it on Saturday, where will the new classes be?
@DjBigRuss You're not working Saturday? 
@jonasbrothers I have extra tickets for the concert on Saturday and can't find anyone to go with me. 
@Strykerdlh But I work on Saturday! 
@Joanafer so you are leaving for a week on Saturday, and you can't see me because you are making cookies... that's awesome. 
   My horsie is moving on Saturday morning.
Mrs.Roulettes leaving on Saturday... noooooo 
work at 8 tomorrow and Saturday 
i am sad my sisters dog broke her foot and will not be home until Saturday and they are just going to put a cast on it  my sister cried
@Andydid1 ....  ... Aww... Saturday I cant come in just to say lol.
tonight was deffinitely a good night ^__^ other than my fishy dying  but I can't wait for Saturday ! :]&lt;3
I woke up this morning and thought it was Saturday 
staying home today to get ready for Rafa'els bday party on Saturday--and have a really bad sore throat to slow me down some. 
So, it looks as if we won't be getting company this Saturday after all 
still in the hospital with my newborn (http://tinyurl.com/kkzpz5) ... probably not out until Saturday. 
I woke up this morning and thought it was Saturday  lol here's hoping today goes by fast.
My cousin getting married has officially ruined my Saturday night. 
@killthesmiley I have to work Saturday so I can't go 
@AaronSings Are we playing hockey on Saturday? I should be able to check out your show, can't bring the wife though, no babysitter 
Another long &amp; busy day @ work. I can't believe I dont have a day off until next Saturday! 
Saturday: 12 hours@A7-a long way home 
@KrissyJill he tweeted in the early hours, technically &quot;tomorrow&quot; meant Saturday 
@CherylH77 yeah I know it's Saturday! I have to work all day 
I got an exam on Saturday morning, what a weird day for an exam 
Not so terrific Saturday now - raining cats and dogs 
Ahh bout to head to work...on a Saturday! 
AHHH!! both shows for Saturday and today are sold out! 
gd morning Saturday. awoke. have about 3hrs for a couple of tasks in the city, then will have to leave to suburb. not a lazy Saturday 
The folks go back home tomorrow (Saturday) evening 
Dreading the fact that I have to be at work at 7 am on a Saturday... 
It's Saturday morning... and I'm at work 
homework on a Saturday 
It's Saturday morning and I'm awake! Why can't my brain just let me sleep damn it! So needed a lie in 
5am on a Saturday 
Wondering why do I have to work on Saturday!!! 
Early to bed... Saturday class tomorrow! 
is awake at 7am on a Saturday 
Turday This is too early to be up on a Saturday 
Shouldn't have to be up at 7am on a Saturday. 
fell asleep at 2 am. woke ip at 8 am.... on a Saturday. balls. 
can't sleep  boo.  At least tomorrow is Saturday and the kids are with their dad so I can sleep in a bit.
Saturday morning, grey old day and time for work again  booooooo
Heading in to work on a Saturday 
About to take the kids shopping.  I just love shopping on a Saturday 
Bookkeeping first thing on a Saturday morning - boo  Ah well if it means I get to spend the rest of the week creating fab designs.....
Hates working on a Saturday, its just not right. 
On my way to my theory exam  too early for Saturday morning 
Up at 4am on a Saturday morning for no apparent reason 
Early Saturday mornins  not good!
@fartfree Whats up with me, meetings lined up on a Saturday, so depressing 
Working on a Saturday is not fun 
waking up on a Saturday morning before 5am sucks... 
Saturday and started with today's final report writing  it sucks!
Working on Saturday 
Saturday already  not looking forward to leaving the coast tomorrow but am looking forward to normality!
Working on a Saturday 
Up on Saturday  http://myloc.me/4CuK
It's Saturday and I'm I'll 
feels really drained  Hates working on a Saturday.
Saturday is here.. but work's still there.. 
*sigh* another Saturday morning,..i should still be in bed sleeping but as usual it's time to go to work.  
At work. This is probably my last week here. If not, next Saturday will be 
Saturday is here and almost over, not for me though, housewifely duties here I come 
Another Saturday wasted shopping 
I am in database hell. At work. On a Saturday night. I am lame! 
It's way too early to be up on a Saturday.  I forgot what it was like to sleep in.  
Ugh I hate working on a Saturday 
Having a very boring Saturday 
I just broke both of yolks on my eggs this morning... what a great start to a Saturday morning 
Shit. My Saturday just got ruined. 
Saturday morning... should be sleeping but been awake since 5am 
A rainy Saturday morning 
I'm mad cause I don't have cable in the new apt and just remembered that all the stations r digital, no Saturday mornin cartoons 
Working on this beautiful Saturday. 
Boring Saturday night. random surfing sites to keep myself entertained. 
A rainy Saturday 
i hate when hubby has 2 work on Sundays  for one thing we have to go to bed early Saturday night &amp; also makes Sundays quite lonely...
I have to work alllll day today  So much for my Saturday.
I'm not so happy about working on Saturday, though it's part time 
@knitiot working on a Saturday definitely sucks 
Wishing Saturday had not become a work day 
Having such a lovely Saturday, don't wanna go to work tomoro 
Feeling sick today (but not in the head cold type of way) has pretty much assured that I'm not going to have a productive Saturday. 
wants is at home on a Saturday night... *sigh*  http://plurk.com/p/12gmz2
is at home at a Saturday night. *sigh*  http://plurk.com/p/12gnd5
Its such a gloomy Saturday...this weather is making me home-sick! 
why sleep so early on a Saturday night? 
Wishes he wasn't in work on a Saturday nite! 
up on a Saturday and going to work....    but at least last night was really fun. wish you where there
knew it was to good to be true - the rain has returned, and it's Saturday 
About to leave the house and cut some heads... Saturday morning barbering... YAY! 
Get me to 12:30 fast! Also I love rain on any day but Saturday 
At the dentist, 9am on a Saturday 
It's a beautiful Saturday and I'm stuck inside doing laundry 
@WWeezl  how are we supposed do enjoy our lovely Saturday at work if it is raining?
working on this beautiful Saturday 
Working another Saturday 
Missing Saturday funday due to illness 
at work, for another extremely boring Saturday 
gotta work on Saturday 
Why is it so hard to go to the gym on Saturday morning...but after huevos rancheros I gotta go 
Saturday night, and i'm broke 
Working on Saturday and watching the rain...thre goes the outdoor parties for today 
Yet another Saturday night and nothing on the telly  oh well gonna go out driving tomorrow lol
working on a Saturday 
I officially hate lismore, illness's and babiess!  they have ruined my Saturday night! &lt;/3
Feeling better now. Hopefully I'm well enough to work. I don't think anyone will pick up my shift. Especially on a Saturday. 
And what's happened to Saturday morning kids tv? It was an institution. Now we have piggin cooking. 
my headdddd hurtssssss  damn Saturday migraines...they're getting old.
Saturday night and all alone   everyone say aaaahh! ....
1:30 on a Saturday and I haven't done a thing all day 
Saturday -- sleeping, studying, eating.  
hanging out, wondering where Saturday went 
In on a Saturday night  damn you anti biotics!
What a boring Saturday it is. It's gloomy outside, no new movies worth checking out and there isn't shit to do 
It's another boring Saturday night here.. might have to rent a movie, since hockey season is over 
@DaRealHoney I got class Saturday  why is everything happening at once???!
@mssinglemama don't get me started on my ex (not quite).  He managed to ruin everyone's weekend and it's only Saturday. 
Its 7pm on a Saturday night...... and i am ready to get in my pjs and go to bed 
so...Saturday night stuck at home..lonely... no visitors.. 
I think I'm the only d0rk hanging out online on a Saturday night. 
Working on a Saturday night 
Oh well. Another Saturday gone.  well I got a little laundry done, worked a little and made a nice dinner.
What in the shit. Where did my Saturday go???? 
Working too hard on a Saturday night! 
What is there to do on a Saturday night when ur options are limited?..ugh man 
Another exciting Saturday night.  @jamar78 is already asleep in front of the tv.   
is lagging through a Saturday night  http://plurk.com/p/12k4qs
It's really sad that I am going to bed at 11 on Saturday night  Test is over, back in commission and ready for fun next week!!!!!
What does a single, female court reporter do on a Saturday night?  Why, stay home and scope a transcript, of course 
Today (a Saturday) was so nice out, and yet, with a few brief for internetting, I spent most of the day inside working. 
Its Saturday night and I am at home with a headache now that sucks 
worked on Saturday 
at home on a Saturday night. being at home is boring  
@evanandrews I wish I was doin' something 2nite, yo!  This Saturday night is [mostly] uneventful.
Yay now it's sleepy time  I am really regretting me 4pm sleep in on Saturday because i didn't do anything that I wanted to  so much work
The heat has me in a coma, I slept for about 19 hours Saturday and I'm off to worst start today. 
I won't have internet access at home until Saturday. 
I leave Saturday.  
No internet for us until Saturday at the earliest. 
I really wish I got my haircut on Saturday 
I'm donating blood this Saturday with a bunch of friends. I'm not afraid of needles or blood but the only time I did it I got really sick 
My last theater lesson will be this Saturday. I am going to miss it a lot  On the other hand I am nearly done with my new architecture web
@arcoquinn maybe Saturday afternoon? I have no one to take it 
@KISHAAA aww  miss ya buddy ! I'm leavin on Saturday ;]
Transformers 2 is coming out tomorrow! Sadly I acn't see it 'til Saturday... 
The pool has been closed since Saturday for fecal contamination and vandalism. When will it reopen? 
Getting ready to go too bed, throat is really sore  need to get all rest I can before Saturday...my baby turns 1...party!!
@MASTravel looks like no durian cake for you guys this Saturday 
Not liking the weather forcast for Saturday 
@aravindkumar hey i m doing gr8.. leaving to my native on Saturday .. wont be connected for ten days     
Man! I totally forgot to go to that surf n' turf thing on Saturday. 
@LauraKim123 yes, sorry! Saturday ... haha, was obviously very hopeful about the number of days left in this week 
@nscaife  but we already have Saturday plans. What time?
Dreading Saturday as the kids are all moving away 
so annoyed...Saturday=school 
@pressingbuttons I know it will really put our lives in perspective  olaf will be there until Saturday @ noon
Sounds tastey! We woulda been shooting Saturday babe, but I gotta get them funds up...    maybe next month@BarbieBibiana
@LizS4ra @brennig @ohthedecadence. Saturday 18th 
is  having fun with iron-on letters at 8 am on a Saturday morning - sad life! 
Morning all- Saturday in the PArk....not 
It's not even 8am, I'm in love with Saturday mornings!!!! 
Saturday, finally!  
is watching Saturday morning cartoons.  
okay, I'm off for my Saturday catching up on reading blogs, who knows maybe yours will be among them 
Saturday afternoon fever  http://pikchur.com/0p8
loves sleeping in late on a Saturday!!!  
What a beautiful Saturday morning! 
is watching his Saturday morning cartooooooons. 
is spending this beautiful Saturday at work  
My life as an alcohol-free good boy is going great - been a while since I had the energy to hit the gym on a Saturday 
Its Saturday, which means I'm doing laundry, and I'm not going about it cheerfully either! But its a nice day to sit outside with a book 
Oddly, dotm refrains from tweeting birth until I am on my way LOL for now it's just a quiet Saturday and pregnosaurs are sleeping 
@purplesj I will be waiting to hear a report on how your whole Saturday went. 
Saturday today. That means another long run for me. It's not all bad though, I got to enjoy a delicious vanilla gel half way through  
@kickmekate Woot! @wordfibers said she'd be around part of that week, so perhaps a bar-hop is in order on Saturday? 
Changing out headlights, groceries, cleaning house, amazing roast dinner, and prep for teaching 2morrow, fantastic Saturday in my book 
Inm bed alone on a Saturday night....sweet dreams! 
Finally met him  Saturday was a good day. A great day. On my way home now.
had a crazy Saturday nite!!! 
Looking forward to next Saturday 
sooooooooooooo tired!!!!!! Saturday can't come soon enough. WOOTNESS on seeing old friends and catching up!!! And cooking 
@InviteArtist It does...now if only the rain would go away and the sun come out like it was on Saturday 
@MSsCrystaL yes ) my weekend was fun... raining like crazy on Saturday, had to abondon my car and hike home... I felt like survivor man 
Also new blog post from my Saturday beach adventure http://tinyurl.com/ccwvpd 
dramatic bride and groom shot from Saturday wedding - http://bit.ly/Fgbur before the rain! 
Early Saturday speed paint: http://tinyurl.com/cva8ga  
Saturday.... it maybe just a weekend day but it means no work...  well I say that but I should do some #animepenguin today...
having a peaceful and restful Saturday ready for a big day at church tomorrow...I love my life 
Hey, hey it's Saturday 
prepping for busy Saturday: spring cleanup day, some junk to take away, barn cleanout, baseball with my daughter  writing all evening
I love Saturday mornings. They're so quiet and fresh 
Saturday lunch time, grandson visit then shopping for a sand pit, i might let max play in it with me 
@fullsizebarbie you had 2 optns to wake up 2day or not wake up 2day....*welcome! to Saturday!!* 
Saturday morning, it's 7:30am and I'm going to the gym now 
rain...but hey it is Saturday! 
I love waking up thinking it's a weekday and realizing it's Saturday 
@christinepeel: oh no! thank goodness it's Saturday! 
what a beautiful Saturday!!  
@sineadcochrane One frivolous Saturday morning . She was sitting on my knee in the office &amp; wanted to type on the keyboard. 
Sleeping 10 hrs = the best feeling ever...it's going to be a good Saturday 
watching the hills on demand- haha- what a way to spend a Saturday morning 
is catching up on sleep for a change, headed to the bulbs,, &amp; then off for a jalepeno roll &amp; carrot cake cupcake in honor of Saturday! 
says good morning  it's gonna be a busy Saturday. http://plurk.com/p/rf8x0
Going to hang out with my students on a Saturday night... wow... that's a first and probably a last! 
enjoying chilling on a Saturday night  It's nice doing NOTHING!
Going fishin with the Waltons  what a beautiful Saturday!!
Dissertation-ing it up on a Saturday night - nice 
@jackgraycnn No.. this is what happens when you have no Saturday date... 
Saturday is Partytiiime 
@Nessepes if you register now, you'll be able to buy in pre-presale next year. Saturday's gonna be mayhem on internet, wake up early girl 
Relaxing after a busy week and a tedious Saturday . . . 
@acforbes wow!! blessings to you my friend...what awesome words this beautiful Saturday... 
@ericviolette hi eric I hope your having a beautiful Saturday 
Nothing relaxing on a Saturday night!  
tired and didn't really have an exciting Saturday.  oh well, hope it's better tomorrow.  
@ktique so see you on my birthday visit me  haha why wack Saturday ?
@mismile when are u gonna host Saturday night live!! i've been waiting for like 2 yearsssssss!!   
back for senior week  graduation on Saturday
No shirt today, fingers crossed for Saturday 
Going to bed, got to wake up early to change the oil and get my nails done   I cant wait until Saturday!!
Wow it's really pouring. I thought it was supposed to clear up by tomorrow. As long as Saturday is dry. 
@DavidArchie you're really cool~!! you always smile  can't wait for your concert on Saturday 
@caldjr Hopefully we'll pick it up on Saturday 
@rosebeezy yeah for sure  i'm going to see it this Saturday again.
All set to go on a jungle vacation.. the adventure starts from Saturday ..hope I see the big cat 
I kinda need a new dress for 17.may..  Have to look for one on Saturday 
@peterinkal Are you going to the play tonight?  I think i'm going on Saturday but only if you tell me its good 
@badavarascal yea baby ... the japs on the Saturday.. lunch or dinner ... you call .. I am bringing my dueling gloves along .. 
@hydro74 http://twitpic.com/55ets - YAY!!!! looking forward to Saturday  D*
@sashabuzzsaw what are you doing this weekend?  come play Saturday night 
@mariaandros well well well, how goes it there lovely lady, whatcha doing on a Saturday night in the big bad city? play nice now 
friend,keep your next Saturday free please! 
@TravisStone -absolutely...even at the track I can feel a different vibe. Much different than the usual Saturday frenzy.  
@AJsMistress haha we are going to have SO much fun!!! I'm excited for Saturday night!!!! ekk!!!! 
@SeanTheBear  that was an awesome Saturday
Saturday market on Sundays make my super happy. And so does my wonderfuk boyfriend 
and oh finished my religion assignment on Saturday (Y) 
@RVDS Saturday morning I think 
@bkenny you musta been marvin on Saturday for a cig? 
@Beccabeebee If that's all it takes to make you feel better, I could have done that on Saturday night!!! 
@wdwfan It better get sunny by Saturday!! 
@marcweisberg Gotta be picked up by Saturday at the latest.  
So, aside from the guy the party was being thrown for seeing my panties, it looks like no real damage on Saturday night.  #whew!
@jenniferjayy make sure you give me a challenge or dedication for Saturday's video. 
is really looking forward to this Saturday night 
hoping for a sunny Saturday, would be nice to de-root the veg patch and actually plant seeds; which seem to be doing well 
is at work!  Feels like Saturday, weird..
Is as free as a bird until Saturday night then working at 4ish. 
9131 days ago was a Saturday, i chose to arrive here.. smart boy. 
: worship prep for Saturday nght!  revo!
i'm watching soccer for no reason. i think i'm gonna sleep. i miss the giants tonight but @BarryZito = Saturday; same day as Jver again 
@b4dilist I feel the same way about Saturday! 
@FrsrValleyPulse oh! I thought it was Saturday tomorrow! a little ahead of myself 
signing off now...till tomorrow tweeps!!! Saturday it is here...yesss!!!...enjoy and love life 
