Most common words for this cluster:
[('school', 681), ('lol', 10), ('haha', 8), ('p', 7), ('com', 7), ('plurk', 6), ('doesnt', 6), ('http', 6), ('aww', 6), ('yay', 5), ('ahh', 4), ('dayy', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'school', 1.0000001192092896), (u'elementary', 0.7868528366088867), (u'schools', 0.7411887049674988), (u'shool', 0.6692286133766174), (u'elementary_schools', 0.6597134470939636), (u'kindergarten', 0.6529781222343445), (u'eighth_grade', 0.6488046050071716), (u'School', 0.6477933526039124), (u'teacher', 0.6382264494895935), (u'students', 0.6301537752151489)]





I'm not ready for school yet 
It's too early to be at school... It's 6:50 ugh.... 
i miss going to school 
Ugh school I hate you. Why do you make me get up so early? 
@MaryBethune I hate school right now! You are lucky you don't have to go! 
so tired but have to get ready for school 
@mileycyrus school ugh me too 
I have to go to school now 
just woke up and doesn't want any school any more 
@playaharmonica me too  why are we at school...
doesnt want school to start because she havent had enough fun! 
going to school soon.nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo  
hating to go to school 
is going to this school by herself 
still has to do school work and is not looking forward to it 
aching all over &amp; school starts tmr 
really isnt looking forward to going back to school 
doesnt want school to start tomoz 
Doesnt want to go back to school at all 
i meat medical school for you 
Just landed now to school 
doesnt want to go back to school 
is going back to school 
about to set off for school 
not happy about getting up this early for school 
school was bad todayyy, not feeling the best 
Ugh going to school. I don't want too either. 
@TheEmmaHamilton I really don't want to go to school either 
Yay back to school!  nooo i wish i got tutored lol
is back at school 
Why is school so boring? 
back to school  NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
going to school soon ...i dont really want to go 
back to school. 
school at 8:00.... coming back at 4:00 
is off to going back to school 
getting ready for school...but i dont want to go 
back to school 
morningggggg; tired  [getting ready for school]
doesn't want to go to school 
back to school 
At school till 3 
in school.  this sucksss!
heading off to school .. (tired) 
Ahh back to school 
In school and i'm dead tired 
Surprisingly, I miss school! 
Running late for school again. As usual 
school - have to learn 
i'm soo tired! i want to sleeppp yawn!!! i'm about to go to school  ughhhh
doesn't want to go to school. 
Is back at school 
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....back to school 
school again  i'm so tired ;D
@pradaprincesss zohemgee. Yes, school is a major failgasm 
No! I don't want to go to school. 
Ahh i dont want to go to school!!!! 
back to school 
Going to school now... 
back to school....  only 4 weeks of it left ever!
I wish twitter worked in my school 
I have headache =$ I still have to go to school tough 
@MoniqueCourtney haha i know  I hate school. It gives me hell
I dont want to go back to school 
In school feeling really sick! 
@nmyers89 I agree I hate waking up early but I normally have to because of school 
Is unfortunatly gettin ready to go to school 
ugh... getting ready to go to school...  its only 5:41am
very tired and want to go back to bed instead of going to school! 
I don't want to go to school  !!!
getting ready and going to school 
going to school soon... and it's raining! 
@tgammi i wish i could say the same for school 
is not looking forward to work or school 
@mileycyrus i wish i could do that!! i have school 
school to marrow  i hate it so
getting ready to go back to school 
tiredd. tiredd. tiredd. doesnt wanttt to go to school tommorwoww 
need to go now... school is waiting, jippie! not 
So nervous I hate school  I js want my licenseee
school is the worst but i still have to go ... ugh 
would rather be going back to bed, not back to school 
I really do not want to go to school 
I miss public school 
getting ready, then school ! 
I don't want to go to school! 
Just woke up... ugh... really not into school right now  Wish I didn't have to go
is about to go to school 
About to go to school. 
about to be at school 
;; ugh, just got to school.  so tired.
Getting ready to go back to school. 
haha i willl....off to school 
Really really doesn't want to go to school 
Ugh i'm at school already 
is about to go to school 
we are so lucky!!  but not really because we are in school!!!!!!!! 
uggghh i don't want to go to school 
too fucking tired for school 
Running late to school againnnn 
Arriving at school  So lame
@liddobear you still comin to school? 
I'm ready for school to be over 
school  I'm comming back after ;)
Already regretting going back to school, and it hasn't even started yet 
Already regretting trying to finish school, and it hasn't even started yet 
@bradiewebbstack I'M JEALOUS BRADIE. you should probably reply to me because i have to go to school 
I am learning for school that makes me  totally unhappy 
I don't want to go to school 
I wish I could go back to sleep and forget about school 
Getting ready for school   So tired!!
has to go to school now 
We've been at the same school since we were five. It'll be weird without her! 
is back from school!  http://plurk.com/p/tpyqn
Aw.  are you going to school late ?
Just got up getting ready for school 
got to go to school soon  Thankgod there is only 17 days left!
At school by myself  save me
Should be at school 
I hate school. Can i go home!  
STILL sick!!! i have soooooo much to catch up on when i get back to school!!! AHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! uggh!!!! 
i miss my old school 
aw sad i was  doing so well about going to school  poo
About to go to school 
At school...and it's raining 
I'm finished school... forever! 
topmodels todays ;)!! but i should learn for school 
I'm in school and it sucks 
wishh i was back at school right now 
back to school 
@eobsoad140 lol i was at school!! why??  i didnt get to see you
Getting up for school now  why duz it hav 2 b so early!!
Morning all, just woken up, now must get ready for school 
I'm tired , school now 
About to go to school nooooooo 
i don't want to go to school 
i think i'll not tweet anymore when school starts 
It's already 2 and i cant sleep. i have to get ready by 8 for school 
really cant be arsed with school later 
@xxClara well i had to go to school and then to work 
back to school 
I don't want to go to school. 
It's 6:00 and ugh I'm getting ready to school 
going to school, tired and not wanting to go. 
Morning... I am so not ready to go to school. 
still really sick ... no school for me 
@MissionSixRox so ur not coming to school? 
I miss lindi.  going to school.
Why are there still 3 weeks left of school? 
too cool for school....but im going anyway 
I am so tired. I dont want to go to school! 
Goimg to school  I want an icee
Leaving for school. It's still fucking raining. 
back to school 
I don't feel well at all  I might go to school later...
ready for school. 
in school really bored!! 
Ugh, I just want school to be over already. 
so so upset because school is coming 
Doesnt want to go into school  waiting for @brunetteriot3
@lpfmfan Aw  we'll hear it when we get back from school.
At school now waiting to start and all I want to do is hi back to sleep 
ughhh! another dayy of school! how GAYY! I don't want too goo 
spotted, little d going to school  almost done!
I have to go to school... 
ugh why does school have to start so early 
just staying after school trying to do some I.C.T coarsework! 
@Shoq I cringe to think that she graduated from my school. 
@ElectricHAVOK I can't, I have school 
Over alexs house, about to leave for school 
@erickimberlin it's actually 6:40 am here. i'm getting ready for school 
off to school ugh 
well about to go to school... 
I really don't want to go to school. 
Just woke up to get ready 4 school  so tired!!!!!!!!
@tkooz srsly  i wish school would end already.
does not want to go to school 
Going to school, i feel pretty sick  
got up at seven. even though no school. 
not going to school till later. doctorr 
i hate it when i have no school then theres no btv shows on 
ready for school 
didn't go to school. again. gahhh. 
Does not want to be at school. 
ugh  I'm off to school!
@xlovesongx nakakastress school ( haha but it wasn't enough eh. 
I wish school was over, but no 
I'm going to school 
i have to go .... school... 
@TheKyleLambert boo on school! 
ouh no.... in the school 
why do we have to go to school 
goodmorning ..., school  but it's fridaaay!
goshh I'm so tired  .. at school 
@pyroezra but you should move here! I have school. 
i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!
@bbyowls i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!
At school, it's so boring 
school..  i wish it would just end already!
@annakayh your not in school 
Then back to fucking school 
@MsHalfway I want to go back to school too *sigh* - but I am too poor 
its all over! no more high school 
No more high school... 
i need to know.....really bad ....school is almost over 
has just got up.. reallly don't want to go back to school on mondayy! 
@RealBillBailey  i would come but i got school 
aww...school again!!!!!!!! 
@MileyDemiFans so far .. i'm not enjoying it! i don't like middle school i like elementary school better!! 
noooo! i hate the school    i hate math
i don't like school very much 
@GraemeThickins high school 
school almost out 
@jessiedoll school isn't the same without you,  .
is not excited for school.  http://plurk.com/p/xbdzc
I've got too much work  But no school for me tomrrow hehe
i so wish school was already over  it's just so hard work! i hate that
i really want to go to school now!  http://plurk.com/p/xfulo
Not ready to start school tommorw 
@WeeEllison  I'm sorry you didn't know! I'm moving to washington for school!
wow school is so stressfull .......ugh 
is reallly dredding going back to school tomorrrroooow 
@katieanncurtis i get up a 6 to go to school 
Oh and school should start at like 10, 8.45 is waaaay to early 
bed i go, back to school 2mro 
back to school 
I wish school was ou 
Dreading school and it don't help when you cant sleep 
@TracieMae lol! stuck at school so i cant 
getting ready for school  wayyyyyyy to early!!
I'm in school faaar too early - i want my bed back 
I can't face school 
I'm off to school now  bye
Off to school now. 
@themaguire overtime...... for school 
I don't want to go to school 
Getting ready for school, I wish I could go back to bed.. ;; @Jonx27 
is feeling like not going to school but he must go 
Heading to school.... 
Just arrived from school.So tired 
walking into school  only 10 days left.
I'm off to school... 
No school; till i reqain my strenqth 
aww no  school again
breakie then school ... i don't want to go 
@britttnicole The same with me but I still have to go to school 
i am bored  although totally not bored enough that  would want to go back to school. But i am still bored lol.
there's so much to do... don't want to go to school yet 
Heading to school 
i don't want to go to school! i'm tired 
I hate waking up for school 
back to school 
Leaving to go to school now.  
Rlyy rly bored at school 
I don't want to be at school this early.  
back to school after an amazinggg weeeekend 
goingg to school , blaahhh  . i hope it don't rain .
back at school again! ah 
my school like to torture me 
back to the school 
back to school 
I can talk now but i'm still sick  but I'm not in school 
At the school  quite.odd.(=
At school...ready to leave...I'm hungry...tired...and hot! 
boredddd. i wanted to go to school, i like school.. but it hurts to move 
Is NOT looking forward to going straight from school to work 
well about to go to school  lol
I'm at school. It's suckful. 
1 hour before school!! can't wait 
I Dnt like my proflie  geting ready 4 school
Going to school. So tired. 
little kid froim our school got arrested 
is sooo sad to not be going to school again.. 
Officially emotionally checked out of school.... And I made it so far 
@SadiePetunia lonely I guess  too much school
I'm not ready to go to school yet. 
i'm ready and drest to go to school, but i don't want to, 
going too school very soon. I don't want tooo 
Showering getting dressed and of to school 
Just woke up going to school 
Right guys, off to school unfortunatly 
Off to school now 
is bored, and has to go to school 
got to go to school   no I'm not very happy....
school in a little while 
I have to go to school.  only 8 days left. 
@iamerniebernie : I love you too  I don't want to leave to some ugly school. ewewew.
@LittleFletcher unfortunately, it feels like there are only draco malfoys in my school. it's hard to stay away from them. 
going to school soon .. only 19 days of school left !!!! or less 
about to go to school  why doesn't it end already ?
going to school now.... not looking forward to it at all 
Going to school now!!  
I'm at school tooo early!!! 
about to head back to school 
High school is over forever. So sad. 
at school too. so bored! 
no more high school. 
@damnelectric i know lol. I have to walk to school 
I have arrived at school 
school then exams then OELC then some more summer school then driving school  school school school school when do i get a break?
is stressed out with school. 
i just woke up ahhh! I missed school 
of to school and i really don't wan't to go 
is going to get ready for school 
So terid lol getting ready for school 
Going to school now! 
isgetting ready to go to school 
argh !! school tommrow 
i want back to school 
at school revising its so boring 
@Jojofrench i'm @school. very bored 
I have too go to school 
is not yet excited to go to school.... huhuhu 
Really tired but I have to go to school. 
school  leaving early.
i'm in the school now 
Going to school only 9 days left  them exams 
and now i have to go back to school 
Emily, you went to school? Aww 
i woke up too early im not awake enough for school 
just came back from school and now i have to learn 
Waiting for school to start. 
@neysanadia yeaaaah! can't imagine what would i be in high school with very new peoplee 
In school. I think I have a cold. 
I don't want to go to school 
going to school now 
I'm going back to bed because I'm too sick to go to school 
I hate getting to school early 
@hellolivvy actually no i thought you were still at school i tried to ring you abou 10 mins ago! made you some fairycakes as well 
is lazy to go to school but, she has to. 
i missed updating in school 
I have so much to do after school. 
.....still extrenely happy even though school is so boring! 
is super stressed about school   i can't fail!!!
going to learn for school.. 
@MellyMellsz great but I still got school 
@xcakeandpiex i'm so jealous! I'm in school  what are you doing later?
I really hate my school right now  so much crap before grad :|
Why do I get sick when I'm off school 
@Sinium why is it that we wake up so early now that were out of school? Wtf 
@noviana7 Aww why not at your school? 
@henzelhmmm i hella wanted to but i have school!  r u going??
@Denasaurrawrr excuse me?! I've been texting you back! I miss you  i haven't seen you since school got out!
i dont want to go to school!! 
I don't want to go to school YET. 
I'm not ready for school, yet!! 
@nicolexhey I hate too school 
doesn't want to go back to school 
@thisgoeshere school.school means less tweeting 
I am SO DAYUM-ly excited for school. 
I woke up early and thought about school 
I miss everything about school. 
i dont even have school to look forward to now! pooie! 
I still dont want to go to school. 
do i hate school or do i hate myself??!! jeeziz!!! 
@katgoesmoo ahhh, i know. we never really see each other outside of school, you know? 
I am not looking forward to summer school 
high school will never be the same now. I already miss him 
@elfy1807 i was always last pickded at school 
I totally have to go back to school soon 
Preparing for school again 
she won't listen to me when i say atlantic is a bad school! 
I want to sleep, and wake up when school is over 
we don't want to return to school 
@MoniqueDixon09 I know i miss him too.  I haven't seen him seen school got out
@MemphisBC  i miss school too i still feel like i go to school there!!
high school is over and i still have so much work 
out of school 
Off to school  REALLY tired!
back to school 
off to school now... 
I don't want to go to summer school 
can't sleep  and I have to be up for school!!
school is really boring 
is in school. it sux so badly. 
at school... again 
arghhhh, i really should get up for school 
I don't know if i can do school 
is about to go to school 
really tried and has to leave for school now 
In school  really bored!
not excited for school 
As if I'm even in school! 
had just came back from school. so tired 
ahh....even if I went to the same school as you it seems like you're taken 
ugh, so tired from school 
@danielshockk tell me about it im so sick of school too  like farkk everythingg!
@devinewilliam haha it was good, i am so tired though and not keen on going back to school 
off to school. woohoo *says sarcastically* 
i guess i should go get ready for school 
@ChelseaGA i adore loosewomen, but im at school so will miss it 
damn i want to go to school,, urggg 
@HaleyBangs YEEEES   but i'm in school 
school - accounting 
Heading into school soon 
We decided to go  Now i'm still sitting in school!
I don't want to be at school 
back to school for me 
i hate basketball, if i have to play it at school  i always hurt myself
walking to school... it's raining 
no school.....just exams 
have to learn for school now 
late to school  ugh
packing up, ready to go... back to school 
might not twiiter that much na because of school. 
@saabmagalona I'm inggit, Saaby! I miss school!  I hope I see you soon, I really miss you, super much!!!
i want to go to school already. 
Wish you were coming to school. 
i have to learn for school 
up this early...for school 
back in s.c. and back to school...booo!! 
@chot32 I miss high school so much! 
back to school 
is sick of school. has decided that i am giving up. i don't care about school no more. i just want it done and over with 
back to school 
school is so empty 
arrived now from school.. 
i can't wait to move out of here and go back to school. 
@unpluggedxo same with my school. it sucks 
I am too stressed out about school 
@SKSStacie I wish you could come but (1) you're still in school and (2) you live far away 
Not going to school tmmrw 
i don't want to go to school..... 
at school. ah i wish i could join the @MyChemChat 
I think I might actually do school work 2nite 
doesn't want to go to school. 
awww.. school is going to be over...  
I look forward to that the school is ended   It's very long !!
@NathanFlores17 our school is not too popular.. 
 about school....... it will all be over soon can't wait to celebrate            STRES till then
#iremember school 
@gilmoregirlc Haha, very funny! I'm lonely at school 
@awesomenessjen I knowwwww!!  They were at school &amp; no I don't know who has it.
well.. off to school then  hope i'll survive french..
Getting ready for school, then going 
@ceekaigax Heyyyyyyyyyyy i've got school now LOL boooo 
in school about to go to class 
Off to school  Yay.
I feel horrible. I don't think school will make it better 
erkk! i've missed tweeting! what the! been very busy with school 
ugh off to school 
I hate waking up for school... 
is school  once again!
Nearly at school 
just been dentist beack at school now 
Heading to school at 8:15 
I'm thinking about my school!! 
I hate school. I don't want to go to school tmr! 
TOO MANY SCHOOLWORK! I don't know if I'll survive high school. 
Oh no.  how did u get nori to school?
Going back to school 
I dont want to go to school  http://plurk.com/p/11droa
@afreshmusic 43! I got school'd! 
going to fucking school 
getting ready for school. it's still raining...  
high school is over officially 
Nataly hasnt been in school for so long 
@itsJohno Aww  I would, but can't because of the school :/
I dont ever want to leave this school. I dont know what im going to do without all of you guys 
I miss school already 
starting to hate school 
@ school again 
Wish me luck in school.  #squarespace
is up and leaving now 4 school  GAYBO
bored since school is out! 
actually hacving to go to school   
actually having to go to school   
yawnn. woke up late and too lazy to go to school 
@Lindoyes is school keeping you from tweeting? 
at school again! 
@natalyacardenas summer school for me sucks! my bully is there 
I feel terrible so i am not going to school 
Hey guys I'm just back from school LOL I'm tired 
wow... school is finally over, and yet i feel no different.. 
So tired, school's the same as always..  I wants sleep 
I never thought that I would be this sad to leave middle school 
leaving for school now 
I got in from my paperround abolutely drenched  NOt looking forward to walking to school
off to school now ! 
is far too tired to be going school 
going to school now 
off school no well 
is in school  bored as usual!
i don't want to go to school 
i'm back in school it sucks!!!! 
i would like go back to school 
 i really don't want to go to school
just woke up. off to school 
back from school, but have to go now again 
school. then work 330 to 7. 
 i don't want school anymoreee.
@Ezzawesome I'm not coming to school 
@courtneybianca1    ..dont you miss school cheerleading as much as i do 
#13 not being allowed off school. 
is sad that school is almost over 
I miss my school 
neeeeeed friendssss  bed, then school, be home @3!
i have to go to school 
I'm so tired to go to school 
i miss _____. haven seen him since we started school 
@GayleChance awww  i'm sorry. you're still in school? isn't it summer?
@missyen alumtweet didn't have my high school 
I'm getting up and going to school 
I'm at school now 
says I miss goin to school..  http://plurk.com/p/11svei
Is about to go to school 
gust gettin ready for school 
is back at school now 
Its too early!  i have never been ready for school at 10 to 7 :$
Really cannot be bothered with school 
@ihartkelly I want the school to close downnn!! 
@joycerica i really want to but i've got school to deal with 
@joycerica i really want to but i've got school to deal with 
Examss  but school if finally done!
No to school foreverrrr! 
last dayy of placementt   ;; last dayy of school tomorroww 
off school with a cold 
school is boringgg. waiting to find out if i have a final or not 
i so miss school right now   i can't wait to go back
@lolitshelen aw  is that why you didnt come to school? are you going to my blogtv?
Really sick and I don't want to go to school 
now ive finished school, i kindaa miss it 
About to go to school   
@andrewfasano Why are you at school? 
why does school have to be so difficualt 
i wnay be in primary school again hah 
@mmitchelldaviss I can't watch that!  school. :|
I can't believe I'm finished high school! 
is at school and so sick....i thought i escaped getting a cold 
I will be going off to school soon.   
is currently at school. And i am bored 
siiigh, school again. 
Just woke up... I'm so tired! I don't want to go to school ...  only 5 days anymore
I don't want to go to school 
going to school yay 
I'm going to school  byeeee !
About to leave for school 
G2g to school now 
at harriets house. school. do not want 
@ddlovato you're lucky, my school doesn't have prom and I will never get to experience it 
It's always a little painful going back from muso-living to school again 
away to do my last school assembly 
can't believe its all over, no more byrchall high school 
I'm at school. And it's boring 
@GingerBeeer You go to your bed when i get up for going for school , I'm Jealous  you're lucky *-*
Heading to school soon 
I will miss my high school 
I'm at school and im really bored 
15.00 school is out now  weekend it is raining 
I already miss school 
@mrudeness I'm so back@school 
Going to my old school 
I never thought i would miss school 
i really don't want school to end.. 
AGAIN! monday w/out school!!  i'm sad!
i can't go to school 
http://twitpic.com/7uwy5 - I miss my elementary school 
school kept me busy.  but anyway, am back. 
is really bored. I miss school! 
i feel like all i do is work and school.. 
@kalylapermata abuuuuu    he's missing at school I think............
headache. thinking whether should I change for my own good and I want to go back to school badly 
i dont want to go to the new school! 
shower then back to school 
UGH ! I miss school already  !
very depressed from school 
@nelia39 if it wasnt when i was right in school i would 
Officially going back to school. 
@valinyaozhen I WISH TOOOOOO! haha. but i'm honestly really scared to go back to school now...... 
Yayness, school's out! ... But I don't want to go to new one... 
@dondhu i too miss school 
@chellycat14  I can imagine.  I get really sad when I think about school being officially over so soon, time has gone too fast
I'm so not looking forward to school 
I miss school already 
I'm off to summer school! 
can't wait to be done with school 
@meowmeowmix when! I love how I see this now  I don't have school! 
@taylorbalzano i wish i was to, eff school 
not go to school at 2  
@hcgegenfurtner I've to run. You know. 800m for school 
; mummy, why can't you see that it isn't safe for me to go to school! 
ahh i have such a bad headachee  I hate going to school when its hot
Watching degrassi at school. We were supposed to watch windtalkers but plans changed 
@kevxinx10 haha! i'm going up to school now 
hey hey hey  at school, about to leave, genny will be all alone  
The school waas SO LONG! and you not was there 
@katborja kat! How're you? :| heard school suspended?  lucky you! I miss csa badly.
i have to go to summer school 
K, ... -NOW I'm off to school 
hermione isn't going to school with me after all...  
Allmost going to school... 
So tired I don't want to go to to school. But I have to 
offff to school. yay 
just came from school 
i was actually looking forward for school, but until that came up, i don't find school exciting, at all. 
i don't want to go back to school 
Officially left school and hate it! 
I want to be quarantined so I don't need to go to school!! 
school is out  
my is school comtuper chat makeing 
@Lilylauren I wish I went to that school  
going to school, then working out, calendario for italiano, then uconn gamee  good luckk girliiies !
@imogenfreeland You're not alone luvvie! This is like like high school ALL over again 
heading to school...! 
I feel uplifted and encouraged  @MichaelTheGreek now, excuse me while I dominate school!!! 
watching 'House'! and i dont want to go back 2 school! 
@atebits I am so exited  can't wait. And can't sleep! I'm in school..well I should sleep in school..
@jeffreybauman until you go to grad. school! 
I`m at school, it`s boring....! 
Ugh school. And it's pouring outside! That's good 
Finally home from school 
Going to school now! ttyl! 
: getting ready to head off to school. 
Going to school. What else is new 
Is at school =P i ish hungries  karls asleep next to me lols
@copeless no school at Tuesdays 
goddddddd. school is not coooool. hey it rhymes too. lol 
I just come back to school 
shower then bedd  then school ughhh!
ready for school to be over with! 
about to go to acting school  yayay
learning for school now ... 
i hate school but i love chiodos 
Getting ready to to to school 
at school right now 
not wanting to go to school tommarrow! 
leaving for school now  i'll tweet later when I come home, xoxo
@fedorayovita how's the school? 
@TannyMacc haha AWW you should just goto a less strivcter school. 
finishing getting ready then school with emily  softball after
I'm about to go to school 
still siccck but school tomoz 
driving back to school   
about to graduate high school 
but sersiously, 3#hotwords no more school 
off to school now! 
@comeagainjen england and it's nearly 8am here, and I'm on the school bus 
is excited to go back to school 
Yay ;) just 4 hours  Then school is over xD
sitting in school, just about to go home 
just get back from school 
is in school ! what do u think i'm doing so  !
I'm at school. Not too excited. But i got to drive the passat again. 
Heading to school now 
just woke up.  so happy school doesn't start until 11:40.
Off to get ready for school now. 
At school bored right now hit me up. 
is back from school!  http://plurk.com/p/veqx3
is awake but doesn't have to be at school til 10. 
Going to school. So glad it's Fridayyyy and I'm so excited for tonighttttt! 
@DireStraitsFTW  its almost 12, but i cant be bothered to go to school :/ 
is so ready for school to be out! 
TGIF and no school workk. 
didn't go dblo eventually; sang K in school instead. awesome! 
so ready to be done with school!  
is at school, just chillaxing. 
- goingg to sleep  school , then out for pizzaa!
@hellooosara I need to do mine! I actually WANT to go back to school 
@JillAlexandra old school, new school... Doesn't matter as long as your true school. 
@Kelseo yessss. I am so freakin excited about school. I cannot wait to go back 
Morning  7 am here, and I'm off to catch the school bus ^ ^
@ElkaBr so I have to go to school now  ttys ly
watching high school musical 
*at school* can't wait 2 see my GOLDENNNN!!! 
