Most common words for this cluster:
[('school', 673), ('tomorrow', 99), ('today', 66), ('day', 54), ('high', 53), ('time', 42), ('summer', 33), ('na', 30), ('home', 29), ('days', 28), ('week', 27), ('work', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'School', 0.9819898009300232), (u'High_School', 0.6800236701965332), (u'Schools', 0.6787678599357605), (u'Middle_School', 0.665822446346283), (u'school', 0.6579024791717529), (u'Elementary_School', 0.648890495300293), (u'Elementary', 0.6450413465499878), (u'Schoool', 0.6387754678726196), (u'Intermediate_School', 0.636090099811554), (u'Preparatory_School', 0.6339253783226013)]





@Born_4_Broadway Lost  and it was St. Ignacius Prepatory School. Haha.
@ditty003 I'm looking at mine And I can't even get to it... School work sucks...atleast when u get home that's it  LOL
School work BORING,  Working on a business law paper right now can't wait till i'm done.  Hopefully tomorrow grrrr...   
School...  but at least theres only 2 more days till break!
School/workout/home/homework 
School  Why couldn't I be sick today! 
School again... 
School  I need to get in the zone for the game against Livermore today.
@MorgansDead true...  i usually dont take summer classes....but i have a week or two to rest up before Field School *cheers*
School on Monday 
School's tomorrowwww!!! Aaaahhh I'm not prepared yet.   
I wish opening nights as amazing as tonight didn't happen before a morning of Sunday School! I want to celebrate, not teach 
Made a bracelet and took pics. Why no blog? School comes first 
@blecboks School's in less than 24 hours 
School tomorrow  I'm so not ready to go back. It's not possible that the holidays are over already
School Tomorrow   yuck winter uniform.
My back is really bad atm, it's making me feel quite ill. but apart from that, feeling good. School tomorrow 
Laughing at something on facebook !! Doing homework  School tomorrow !!
School will be starting in 12 hours and 25 minutes time  End of holidays sucks.
doing my english correction.. School starts tomorrow 
@robfmac - I cant enjoy it, I know that School starts again tomorrow 
being bored... School tomorrow  got new pencil case and pen and bag and stuff... yay. DREADING IT
School tomorrow. last day of freedom  xo
Unpacking, homework... normal Sunday things.  School tomorrow  !
- Bored , last day of Easter has been ok - feels a bit upset but i dont know why  Arggh  School tomorrra - tht has made me feel even worse
is hoping that I get the work placement I applied for. School tomorrow, great! 
I am actually good at cooking pancakes!  I think I should be a chef ;] (N) School tomorrow...it's going to be seriously boring 
Watching &quot;School Daze&quot; and line editing then going to Kyle's baby shower (I owe you a gift buddy  no time to mall it)
School is back on tomorrow! my easter holiday is over 
Blonde highlights or brown tints? School tommorrow 
School work  well rather i have school work to do LOL
School  I'm too tired and I've got work to do for drama like making programmes which should have aready been done, oops 
School In about an hour  just stumbled out of bed god i look a mess !!:O
Nooo! School in 30 mins altough i'm still in bed 
Nooooooooooooooo!!!!!! School today. But the worst part is that I wont be able to tweet troughout the day 
School starts tomorrow 
I'm a multitasker- getting dressed, drinking hot ribena and twittering all at the same time!! School now 
School soon.  Holidays go over far too quick.
School, why must you come and destroy my happiness? 
Schoool in 10 minutes  maaaaan i wish i didn't have to go.
School time  see you guys later
Eugh. School today. I really can't be bothered. 
School tomorrow.....stilll waiting to here back from record company and exams are soon  bummmmer
School tomorrow    sucks massively
Home from venice. School in three hours 
School and work are killing me  I have no time for sleep or homework.
Is at home watching videos on YouTube....it's all good! School tomorrow though 
School must start again.. I'm so sad in a little while i won't be able to twitter.. 
Gross gross gross! School 
Officialy gonna get ready for School . I feel like crying 
i dont know how i got up this morning.. SOO tired. School 
School  then hanging with someone. Not sure who tho
Rain, rain, go away come again another day  School time
School is painful today. Not only is it the monday after prom but we also lost a member of our senior class 
School tomorrow. I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY hope that it'll be great 
School again 
A day n life wit Anteria! School is really taking it's wearing on me....I dnt wanna fail 
I'm feeling very suffocated by work and school. If I didn't need to, I wouldn't be working right now  School is more important hands down
Ikey's house and diego. School tomorrow though... 
School today  could be doing with a few extra days in my bed!!! :'(
Morning! School run then off to work 
Is chatting with his m8s! In 10 minutes i'm studing bio  sooo fucking boring! School is boring! Isn't it?
Off To School...Class Starts at 8am 
School 8am-10am and work tonight VIP night i must wear make-up to work  i don't like make-up
just got home from Rian's. &lt;3 Getting ready for bed!!  School in the morning!! 
School just screams love in the last week of the semster  not really. There is just to many test in which I have to study for... eek
@keynk ur not going anywhere today key? School start monday  sucks.
It's so early, why am I awake? Oh yeah-stupid kids need to learn the High School Musical dances... and I get to teach them. (At 7am) 
@pastelpastel hockey is the biggest bummer. Oh and taking notes in School could be tricky. 
School tomorrow! BOOO!  The weekends passed by so fast! 
School tomorow !  All girls Catholic shool . . . Kill me now ! Cant wait till after exams !
not as good weather today as yesterday, but it still warm. So i shouldn't complain ;) School tomorrow so i guess i have to study and so.. 
@moonfrye and still have to motivate to teach Sunday School, then play rehearsal. Tech week and I still don't have lines down! 
School's closed this week too. More running, workouts, batting cages, etc. Missing nine games 
@Rawrrgasmic for you, maybe, but did Neva enjoy? My son likes the music from High School Musical, means that I have to have it on in car! 
I watch School Days and i feel a little bit like Itou... I'm miss for him... 
Listening to music then going to bed. School in the morning 
Chilling at my God mothers house getting ready to go home pretty soon. School tomorrow (uh)  ... wish me luck tests tomorrow.
School 2marro   I miss my baby 
bout to go to sleep. School tomorrow. Gay wish I was goin to dc     lata yee
Reading until I fall asleep. School tomorrow 
Today will be the first lazy day in this holiday. School starts Wednesday 
School tomorow got exams all week! 
School is way too early 
School  mondays suck.
School today. Ahh nooo   -_-  I can't stand school anymoreee. -_-
School, so tired. Wish it still was saturday 
Morning Twits! School starts today! Great 
Studying and watching Catch Me if You Can!!! Nursing School never let's me have fun!!   ps missin the boy!!
Oh no its sunday. School tomorrow  weekends so should be four days long. Celebrities are so lucky 
School Tmz  About to watch Rove ;)
Going to bed now. School tommorow 
Up early for school 2moro  School is so annoying but I must admit I need it if i wanna be a vet.
Thx 4 Followers  ,, Tomorrow Junior High School 
@OslerdoesEM no  I have yet to get into it. School's out soon &amp; then I can finish reading dev books. I only have gimp
School in a few hours like 8  i dont wanna go :'( i hate school the worst 7/8 hours of my life  i?myfriends for making it bearable ???
weekend is almost over  School tomorrow but thank good holidays are soon!
School starts tomorrow 
@xerinluvsjbx  that's great!! I was at my grandmas too. But tomorrow.. School again! 
I just got home from school, damn! I have so many assignments. School is so life consuming 
School, work, &quot;business&quot; meeting &amp; noodles @ Suku. Essay due @ midnight &amp; I'm sick.. I'll admit 
My dad lost my HighSchool diploma  good-bye free $$$.
Getting ready for School  *humphh*
Sigh. School tomorrow. Why can't it be friday like I keep thinking? Skip day is great but it screws with my mental calendar 
Sigh. School tomorrow. Why can't it be friday like I keep thinking? Skip day is great but it screwed with my mental calendar 
School - work  visit? Then gym for a long while
LOL Back from School cudnt be online at morning 
thniking of my man. School 
School giorno. Not doing cheerleading knee is killing me   ouch!!
School ughh , tmrw is jrprom and it's soppised to rain  fml
Blah! School should start later so kids can sleep in more 
School in a little bit. Did not sleep good because of the thunder storm 
School run in 15 mins, then off to get more stock for Saturday. Money will be gone before I know it 
School so ealry 
How would a 15 going on 16 High School Student earn money to buy herself an iMac and a Mac Book?  I desperately need help.
Argh.  School library has improperly configured their proxy so I cannot download an article I need. Only access I have to ACM, too 
Fire School... be back around 4-5pm... 
@thecrazyotic exactly! crazy stuff! I know how you feel! School tomorrow for me as well 
Love when my mom is here...she cooks &amp; cleans, its like being in High School.  she is leaving today!!!
rainingg again  but the suns outt. rainbow on its wayy(: School tommorow, more tests! 
School tomorrow  But only 3 days of school this week 
I'm really bored now. School tomorrow 
@paulagd oh poor you, not really funny! School's so hard sometimes and unfair and boring  lol, next week i have 5 exams  not funny! lol
I've been awake all night, and I'm only a little tired  ...okay, maybe a bit more than a little XD School in a few hours 
Ugh, I've been up for so long. Time for sleep. I got a lots of homework and studying to do this week.  School is almost over!! Yay!!
@Karluh_  School is going on tomorrow morning. 
School time. I'm so darn tired. 
School time. Im not feeling too good. 
School  then seeing the morning of @ the chance with @MegLovesUMore 
Just got home.. (Pasig) I've going to spend the rest of my summer vacation with my coz..School days are fast approaching... 
School  thank god i get to sleep in more tmr
School... no board  still damn i need one
School, then speech!  practice after that. Wish it was warmer!
@stuartoliver probably, isn't there a Royal Navy School up there, I had a canoe lesson once as a kid.....once was enough 
School  I just dont want to.
School.  6 more days!!! THANK. GOD!!!
School for the day 
School. I'm in a ill mood today. 
@el_maloush I'm still a student in High School, and I'm still looking for a job  It's hard though!
Today is not a cute day. School is so boringg, why wont teachers make class a bit fun?! I just wanna go homeeeee &amp; rest. 
hix,.... good bye my friends, good bye School time 
Bye! I'm going to School now...  Test today! D:
@iLikefatkids HEY! School... SUCKED! Eugh. I got another assignment. 
Going to read to kids at C.J. Hicks Elementary School this morning. Best part of my week! This will be my last time for this school year. 
And it's my baby brother's last day of High School!    I can't believe he's graduating
School rocks... but not during the summer! 
Finally Friday. School 
My wakeup alarm was bestfriend @cathyweeeen ... Hailll nawww..School again 
School...  but it's FRIDAY!!!! (: woo
Packing for my last summer weekend getaway. School on Monday. 
Mannn I'm hott, wonder if its the alcohol...5 day weekend felt like a summer vaca, now its time to snap out of it  ... School in the am
Today is one of those days where I'm totally frustrated with everything  School is very high up on that list.
Feeling  thought make-up would help. now I just look like a sad clown. School time again
Looking forward to the day I am out of High School and I finally get rid of things I dont need in other aspects of my life ... 
@DirtyDiva @mechangel @pinksage not fair, I'm missing all the cuddle parties. School sucks 
Sleeping. But unfortunately not for long  School is consuming my life.... and year around school sucks!
@ac07 LOL. Academy-ish. Haha. I really really miss O.B. 
School is going to be absolutely horrible today. Peace out, '09 
O.k i feel like i need to cry now  i can't believe that in less than 2 years ill be walking across the stage to get a High School diploma!
School Over!!! I'm gonna miss a bunch of people 
Schools out, but works in 
I have clocked out for possibly my last time at Northview Middle School. 
@bobbiepen yeah, I was always changing my hair color in High School.  I've pretty much worn everything LOL. Some good, some baaaaaaaad 
having some peace &amp; quiet at home. School's almost out... but I'm going to summer school 
I'm so confused  When did guys get so disrespectful? In one night I was called out of my name and told that I needed &quot;Charm School.&quot; WTF!!
@NitaBonita One little thing, huh? How was the Sunday School Appreciation dinner?  I'm sad I didn't get to go for nothing.  
School is finally over! But goosh im gonna miss my classfriends  Next year, High school, here i come!
now it's time to go high school. Feels weird. School's over and I'm going to miss my friends so much! 
High School til 11-1130ish.  I'm REALLY gonna miss that building 
Going for a ride. School starts Monday 
@nish7x I haven't played it since a long time.  School and studies taking up my time.
@quiz_master School sucks. 
School monday  The joys of life
I just woke up all sweaty with tears from a really bad dream  I can't believe I slept for 13 hours... AND missed Saturday School.
Summer School starts in a week...I hate failing classes 
Peace out. School's out  i miss the teachers!!
School in 2 days and it's nearly 12 and not asleep  oh dear.
Schools almost out 
High School Musical finished 
School tomorrow    It doesn't feel right without my lucky &lt;3   Unlike nadine, I have finshed my dt homework  good luck      8)
School tomorrow. Back to exams  happy i'll get to see everyone (well most ppl) again though 
Watching how i met your mother. School tomorow 
Again up earlier so get more of the day. School tommorow  half term has gone too fast 
Just woke up- went to bed at 12 last night and woke up at 10! School tomorrow though :/ I don't wanna' wake up early 
@SilverxRiot Obviously they do. School should totally be banned. I don't even have time for shopping/movies  You?
Its Morning ;) yay  School tomorrow  noooo
School tomorrow, in the cold 
School tommorow this week has gone so quick 
So not excited for School                
School again tomorrow &lt;3 Half-holiday is over 
So bored. School tomorrow  so not ready.
Tonight has been a bloody good one.. I wish it didn't end!!!! School week starts again! 
omg cant get over the georgeous weather! School tomorrow   I really cant be bothered...-sigh-
@rowent Mean! I'm stuck inside and my only buddies are the books and notes I'm going through! School sucks 
@jejenpek yup!! I'm excited and upset at the same time.nat &amp;cha's going to malay  School's lame as usual -.-
School 2moro. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.          7 weeks til summer holidays
School 2moro. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.        7 weeks til summer holidays
@jhan028 I'm 16 years old, are you suprised? Yea, Education sys. differs, because in other countries at my age is High School! 
Soaked up as much sun as possible, and I still look dead. School tomorrow,  Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
went out to  a restauant for lunch  yummy!!! School tomorrow 
OMG! School tommorow! Arghhhhh! I swear, i've been going there so long, it's now boring!!!!!!!!! It's a chore to get up at 7:00am!!!!!!!! 
School again tommorrow.  And it's exam time now. 20% of maths gcse next week i think.
School Tomorrow! So not happy. Starting GCSE Courses! 
School... again... 
School tomorrow = half term over = early mornings = me forever tired 
School again 
School in a couple of hours 
I've been busy lately...doing all my chores.  School's coming up.  My vacation is over 
School ends this week. My last year of elemantary 
Reading a book to read and then going to bed. Goodnight!! School in the morning 
Here had a blast today but it went by fast!!!!!!!! School, new cell, more school 
School is a big fat fail!! I wanna go back to bed 
I'm off to bed yo. School this morning. Ugh 
Going To School Noww  Guttedd !! x
School today, how sad! . .also a business test that im going to fail! 
Boiling Day And I'm At School 
School tomorrow  It was a lovely 4 day weekend though! Goodnight all! xx
::sighs:: School...two more works of this. 
Good morning people! School today!  Exams in 2 weeks!! I need to study or else I'm close to failling XD have a great day peepz! xx love u
Just bought school shoes. :| School starts next week! 
School, have a bunch of homework to do by tomorrow! Essay, I will see you this afternoon. 
Ahhh... School  LOL good morning though
School is gonna suck. Then i get to come home and do work for hours and hours  only 11 more days.
School..ugghh! Well, somebody has to do it. 
School. I have poison ivy stuck in my head, 
is singing the blues, waiting for the last week of High School to begin, jamming Muse, and thinking of the I most greatfully miss... 
School  but it ends June 9th
School   I hate this place so much ! Let's see if I can stay all day. Its always @JusCrazy fault I'm leavinq. Lol.
Just woke up School is a dud  haha See you guys in a bit! go swagbucks go!!! http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/iBuProFeN
School then work. 
@holdmypurse I'm trying to! School is back in session 
I am now furious with the School!!   
@CreateandInvent  My Grandpa worked for them a million yrs ago, have a friend from High School who's dealership they are closing 
Summer School starts soon 
lovely weather here! School was extremely boring!!!!!! 
School is so stupid right now 
@Conceet School stopped for me but me and my friend went to the beach and he was there - acting like we werent..  &lt;3
School email won't open  and I have geography stuff on there to revise! *Stupid School* :'(
School is almost over and then i have flippin summer school. 
Pleased rum Academy is getting a new home....won't be the same as the old place tho 
School starts nin 15 mo' days... ugh.. Why didn't I just wait 4 the fall semester 
Some girl in my class committed suicide on Saturday night.  School was so quiet today! I don't understand why or how you could do that! :/
School is done soon, I'll miss all my class mates  i've been with some of them since kinder garden!
ZOMG. School tomorrow.  effthem.
School time for me!!!! And i'm sooo hungry...didn't have to get grubb! 
Good day. School's almost over. 
Gar, looking at the end I want that song by Theodore Shapiro in Old School, but it's not available 
I didn't go anywhere today  School starts in two weeks so I guess I'm buying books soon.
Charm School is so lame without Farrah 
Ugh confused freakin summer School 
Finally going to bed. School in the morning.  I wish my car was working, I really don't feel like taking the bus. Bleh. :/
School = not fun today 
School starts next week. *sigh* I'll miss tweeting. 
School work out of the way. Now some food and some major video editing. Looks like I won't have time to do laundry. 
School's about to start, and I don't want to go to school yet. 
School  only 9 more days 
School soon  what a boreeeeeee
Feeling much better! School is coming to a close on my senior year 
OHNOOO! School's so near  I can't bear it!
School...were watching a sa movie in health. 
School sucks like a baby on a bottle!  ugh!
School  hanging in computers now baseball game and shoe shopping laterr 
@NinaMcFLY School  I'm dying of heat! It's so hot here!! xx
Has been a nice day.. School again 2morrow 
Last day of High School  I almost cried
Good night @PattaFeuFeu and @shaaaaannon! School starts again 
crying right now  why cant High School be like preschool nap time, animal crackers, toys, and NO GRADES!
Last Day Of School 2morrow!!! 
@J_Schools ewwwww transformers lol i hate shia lol. he ruined that movie &quot;holes&quot;!!!! i love that book 
@jobrosluver2345 School  and have to attend my cousins graduation..
Back to School on Tuesday!!! huhuhu! I still dont wanna go back to school! 
School today... Urgh. Test!  But afterwards I'm going to this awesome music store... Might cheer me up! =D
misses Jarred. Doing work for last day of class/studio time tomorrow at the New School! 
School starts again tomorrow. 
Off to High School!  Good morning everyone! 
@sweetsheilx Yay congrats. School for me is gonna start on Monday. Boooooooo. 
OMG!! School re-opened and so haven't been able to tweet.  But, I love it!! 
School comes way too fast. Tired 
School.Still have cramps &amp; still hella tired.  
School....4 more days  We get out on monday because we have DAs for teachers!
School just started, wasn't been able to update that much 
AliceCooper School's Out &amp; off to breakfast with daughter - time's short before she flies the coop   http://digg.com/u14irM
School  i didn't want to come but they're making me! 
School, school, school. Then take out the trash, then youth group. Loonnngg day. 
My life in Berwick High School Is Coming to an end, and i'm not even in the second year  x
School...  at least its a easy day
@kristinaelstner No question.  We don't have any High School dances anymore for Jason Sharp to show up at! 
@ytkatiejuly those plans are epic fails. School is stressing me out. And I can't sleep in my normal sleep positions (on my sides) 
Schoool is out! gonna miss some of my graduating girls tho 
Primary School Fete on sunday - should i go? Gonna be raining 
Aww. Matthew cried!   School is almost over! Curling my hair today! 
revising papers.  School is almost over, praise the lord. Three more days.
School it's over... Now we all go to different ways... :'( I still can't believe in that. I'm going to miss every single people! 
School it's over... Now we all go to different ways... :'( I still can't believe in that. I'm going to miss every single people! 
Um me &amp;&amp; my 17 deductions gnna go 2 In-School! 2morrow moring! L0l 
Btw- I'm exhausted, I have so much government shit and I have the SATs @ Reagan High School tomorrow at 7:45  shoooooot meh
School fair was fabulous, home with a cake... no soda 
School officially starts on monday! Kill me! 
i was in the guitar shop earlier and ran into an old mate from Primary School. he was on Australia's Got Talent but the vid got blocked 
Sad that today was my last day of work at Harding School 
Awwww shit! Swine flu confirmed at Roosevelt High School today  School may be shut down next week! My Save will get summer vacation early!
School-shopping yesterday that was totally cool-but today is soooooo tiring 
School today was good... I hate being my worst critic at my work though 
I am watchin School Dayz with @DobyD...tomorrow is gonna be such a day... I hope @Damier aint mad I didn't see him tonight 
Otw to Australian International School. Argghh, traffic is so bad 
School starts at Monday! Maaan.. I don't want to go to school yet! 
No homework, no stress, nothing!! I love it! School is soon ending! yaya just 5 days left, little sad though 
okay i have to go. i already have a cold now.  and headache too. School is near and I'm sick! 
Yes! School is ovr! I kinda wish I could go back though   I am moving to a new school nxt year so I probably wont c any of my old friends.
@chrys73 Yes. School will be over on Tuesday...4 children....not 4 me!!! 
@orrnyereg On my way to the Cathedral School. I'd have to do laundry. Yay. 
At the Bob...I miss High School  http://tinyurl.com/kvduvv
School shopping today with mom  it's so sad that I'm typing this..
Friend forgot about me  No 5 year High School Reunion for me, I guess.
School is out for summer. Today was a hard day, had to say goodbye to some friends and favorite student. 
School is finally over!!! :] Yet....its upsetting 
School tomorrow  goodnight everyone! xx
@thecoffeelover I removed my nailpolish already  School's starting, that's why ( hahaha. I might forget to remove it. )
School exams start tomorrow aaahhhh 
School tomorrow  Happily, soon the holidays  But they will miss me   = /
Why on eeearth did I choose to do Grammar School? 
It's 11:35pm here and I'm not tired one bit :] School in 2 days. Blahh 
School openin tommorow.......Will miss my days of freedom 
School is so fricking long. Revision is even longer 
School tommorow  but I'm in fourth year now 
School's over &amp; I thought it'd be pure fun all summer vaca. but I'm already stuck in the house and bored.  Plus there's no camp this week 
School tomorrow  got another fuking essay to do !
Is sad to see the weekend ending already. School tomorrow. 
School sucks i know but im done as of friday woo hoo but my poor baby still has school 
School sucks i know but im done as of friday the 5th woo hoo but my poor baby still has school 
@JWORKLTD I wish I could have gone  Finals week. School ends Wednesday though!
Dreading School Tomorrow 
Cute fuckin asian girl is only in High School &amp; she's a junior...tooo young. Bah 
School tomorrow and get to see everyone . Lost my bloody camera though 
I am really hungry  I guess we are going to eat and after I will get dressed.  School starts tomorrow.  I am kind of half-way dreading it.
School tomorrow yeaa! 
G'night. School tomorrow  4th year 0_o
Ahh. School's almost over! So that means...We get a bunch of junk dumped on us to do.  Plus, we're all gonna be stressing for finals...
Crap! School tomorrow, goodbye holidays 
School's open tomorrow. Bullshite  Lost my time table too 
School  just watched 6 episodes of sex and the city and now I can't sleep!!
School tomorrow... 10 days, including weekends, until school ends. Awesome. I'll definitely miss alot of people though... 
I'm going to sit in bed and do a maths paper. School on tuesday! 
long day! School tomorrow   Only 3 actual days left of school!!!
Found the turtle and is following her! School again tomorrow 
Sad the weekend is over.. Another week of DSL High School.. 
Anyways.. I think i'm going to bed. School in the morning. I hope you get better!! 
@teaandsweets Well, I am about to go to bed, since tomorrow I have to wake up at seven. School sucks. 
Goodnight everyone. School tomorrow.  test in art class.
Arghh dammit! School today! 
School today, not fair 
Cba With School 
School time.Again! 
Awake. School in about an hour. Wish it wasn't- gotta stick it out til friday 
Schoool today   There's only 1 reason I'm excited to go &lt;3
So, just got home from School and  I ' am sooo tired. Quite annoyed 'coz I' am already loaded with assignments. 
Schoool earlyy, bring a friend todayy.. sadly i have no friends who can come  boo. going to school earlyy? do you think it will rain ?!;O
School was alright. I didn't get to eat my nasi lemak though  perhaps tomorrow!
School fieldtrip with Julian.. Cell phones are frowned upon 
Last Day of High School!!! so sad  
@helenzaltzman also, i'd like to point out, i'm not ALWAYS this nerdy. School has taken the coolness out of me 
School was rubbish today :/ I've failed french 
School once again.. Blah 
School! Wish I was back home with sara though 
Home From School, Fitness Suite Canceled 
Work all day  School work when I am off.  I hate #cubs off days
School again after weekend makes me not happy 
Have got my computer to do &quot;homework&quot; on ;) I love you computer! School feels odd without my phone though 
Why won't my mother let me stay home?! School is practically overrr! 
School all day!  I want to stay home !!!
OUCH! School hurts my heart and my pocket. 
Teacher was going to let us out early ... now he is going long      Yeah School
School was fun. Head hurts and starved though 
Sad ....School ended ..... and I miss it and all my friends 
@tinytot9109  Good ur getting better. School was good. I was focusing more on my iPod today than school though really, lmao
Working on Summer School work 
Teaching chess at Hillsborough Primary School. I've been looking for my cell phone charger where I thought it was, and there it wasn't. 
Hell no, I don't want to to my homework, ha  School shouldn't exist, oh it'd be perfect! But it's ok, I'll avenge by myself one day.
School's out 
School in summer, time to drown in the books. 
I'm happy that i finished school! but i gotta go back for exams tomoz  School hates us.... screw that!
@MissJahan naw that's hell unfair  workig todayy?? Schoool is still horrible 
School's out for summer!!! until summer school... 
Going home and to bed!!! School n work tomorrow. 
School  I wanna stay home and do computer stuff :|}
School time! do i have 2 go???? 
Arrived at school... School bell's gone and I've got exams today... Joy... 
Goodnight tweeps! Tmrw my lil sis graduates Jr. High School ahhhh she is growing up too fast 
Going to School now!! 
had decided not to go for School's Out this year. 
@Thor_ Movies? Traumatic? I have 40k photos and videos - memories from School and College. It fills  about 200 gigs - DVDs? 
Finally done with all my homework. H1N1 in High School? I heard it from my busmates and classmates. ... 
Job interview went Bust! School results-failed three subjects. It has not been a good morning  lol
School is starting tomorrow.  That means less internet, less Twitter, less facebook. 
School has made my brain esplode. 
School today. Hope it doesn't take all summer to finish!!!! 
School has ruined me so much that I don't even know how to sleep in anymore 
Leaving now for my 1st day ever in Summer School...  lame, drag, sucky
Just woke up!  School today...nothing interesting...
School ended man! Yeah!  But I totally miss my classmates and teacher. 
School's here once again... 
How do I get so caught up in Charm School?? 
Bummed that the Virtual High School AP Economics course is all filled 
Shocking news. R.I.P. Mr. Green...passed away from cancer yesterday morning  He was the coolest Elementary School janitor.
Just woke up... School today  Can't wait til it's over...
Going To School  but i dont wanna go to school!! im tired! -.-
Will never again attend Vedder Middle School 
School again.  #fb
Cmt musica awards &amp;&amp; falling asleep. School and work tomorrow  frick!
I watched High School Musical 3 lastnite. I went to the dvd store to get it out and they laughed at me  gonna tell them how gd it was heh!
School sucks for me now. I miss my old friends 
just got home from school supply shopping. I'm making my labels now. AHHH. School.  GAHHH.
School again tomorrow.  I'm going to have to live through another hectic year! I miss Galatians! 
Last complete day as a senior of Northeast High School!     
@GeorgioBaker wait, why schooling? Isn't it summertime? School's supposed to be out...or did yu fail &amp; having to take summer school? 
5 smartboards turned up today, 40 macbooks to follow, still on the track of 1:1. School going cool on idea. $$$ 
School.    It's yucky outside 
School is really stressing me out. Actually kids are really stressing me out about school. Summer school looking like a real possibility 
School, really tired this morning. 
Wishing I didn't have to be in Graduate School anymore - who wants to pay my loans off? 
School started some time ago. I got 2A for Sejarah  On the bright side, I got *&amp;# for everything else.
@MusicMadGirl92 Yeah, that would be great! I need the summer holidays  School 's been so boring the last days :-|
Live is back! School exams sucked  I need prototype!
Sigh* School is going slowly today 
School is so boringggg  summer holidays soon...
School = boring!! Tomorrow French test 
In the batcave Grad School sucks....  !
ooooh, off to bed. School tomorrrroow  eurghh, but its cool. Holiday with Nannyand Grandad on saturday (Y)   also, getting a heat rash 
School's almost over. I'll miss you all. 
So happy that Twitter's back online!  School exams tomorrow   Piano Exam Monday &gt; _ &lt; http://tinyurl.com/luz9ee
In ICT... School photos next  Need to do my hair!
I can't find my Academy video!!!!   
School is over ! just got home from Vista's gradd . (: '09 I'mma miss you  losing my voice again aha &lt;33 you (:
things are looking up, last day of high school tomorrow, man i'ma miss it, no more Mr.School Spirit, NO more games and metting new peeps 
just woke up... School in a bit mehhh 
I have to go to my &quot;School fete&quot; which is on the 27th June 
School today was alright,, got a headache now though  . So annoyed.
Just blow dried my hair in record time. School should be grateful that I'm actually turning up 
School dance was GROOVY hahaha, i miss thee hot guys  come back??     pleasee!!! haha
@StumpyKim We looked at High School Musical duvet covers yesterday. 
School is not fun when all your friends are quarantined 
School today.This is the last full thursday of my elementry school life..  I graduate in 4 days,I'm gonna bawl Harper's Island on 2nite!
@mgardot re: rain in philly. Yes, me &amp; ~1800 parents of Pennsbury High School graduates. We're supposed 2 have an outdoor ceremony 2night 
Last Day if School! Then Graduation! 
Can't sign up for @alumtweet . I was homeschooled in High School  Is there anyway to skip HS portion so I can get to college portion?
Just came home from School. Nackered! Starving too 
i hate the rain  x School Holidays Soon  x
Wondering what's going on in our society.... Guns? School? Kids???? 
By million, I mean three, and study for a midterm, but still. School doesn't have a fridge, comfy bed and clean floors 
Doing School work ugh  - Brittany
School done, now onto exams it just never stops 
@CHARtface I'm kidding I'm not good at math! Elementary algebra 
School is done and I feel so overwhelmed with responsibility! Its too much to handle!!! 
Listening to music bored no Phone  Schools out!! yay now i have finals :/ lol 
@RaphaelPXY Monroe High School but I'm going to move to Flotida, I'll miss 98PXY 
Really long day. School stuff figured out for kidlet. Just broke up a horrible sounding fight in the bathroom ceiling - baby screaming. 
@J_Schools haha I wish I don't think I can change the desktop  but hey this was my dream to work in nyc - def worth it
@JuJuBeanz15 Awww thanks! School is goin well! Its the end of the summer semester so I have a lot of stuff 2 do, what Im about 2 do now 
School soon , wish i had my early friday like last week 
School now  I swear that all schools are faschist we live in a democracy, but at school we're not allowed to choose what we want to do
@alumtweet Diamond Bar High School isn't on there 
Was up till 5 last night packing and still have tonnes to do  But at least I've got School's dinner tonight - let drunkeness ensue!
Right, lists done but now no time left to tweet them  School run, BFN
Home. School wasn't that boring but got loads of homework 
just finished my last day ever at the Montessori School  Sad
@jamiewiborg @LilyOrso School sports were the best, Pity everytime we had netball practice we forgot our PE glothes at home 
Is going to work. Cousin is here :3 ben will be here later! School tonight 
I've so much going in my head now. School stuff, problems, worrying abt stuff and thinking of the boy. 
Check out @Eurway spot my friends shot for Film School...my part got cut for time tho.   http://bit.ly/oGTYE
Is kinda happy but sad at the same point.  School and the choices that I made there...
School's almost over can't wait... but there are some things i will miss 
I just took my last final. School is out until late September. I should be stoked but I am kinda not...  #CSUSB
I miss being in High School 
@benbristol @bavster_twit @darenBBC  School office was closed...no results until Monday 
Saturday morning. i got a lot of things to do. School is so tiring. 
All day School Governors induction meeting today  Can feel a migraine coming on already!
3:30am. No sleep yet; have to be up in 3 1/2 hrs. for a very busy, full day.  E. Sun. School party, prep. for leaving town, house guests. 
@JetGibbs I love Summer School. Sadly, my teachers were never hot either. 
@StuffByEd That reminds me that I need to search for a Graduate School 
School is reopening but still many left undone! 
School starts Monday  Why couldn't I be born a genius?!?!?!
Getting started on Law School reading; what else am I gonna do. I didn't get paid Friday. 
bubye to First Middle School. no more freakin and laughin 
i ment to say High School Musical is gay lol... fyi i loved HS back in the day. i miss it 
Watching High School Musical...and after that High School Musical 2!!! woo-hoo =P ohh btw Gael is about to leave 
@pamfidler I never got goodies in Sunday School.I made crafts there, but no treats 
&quot;Grow, write music....grow&quot; BAHAHA.....I wish I could grow  High School Musical 2 now.
WOW. School has been hectic and though it's just been 2 weeks, I've gotten this bad colds 
Oh, there was only one season of Ouran High School Host Club  I want to watch more episodes ;_;
School recommences tomorrow!!  Not really happy about it. Seems summer vacation just flew by.
School again tomorrow.  Southridge is so unfair.
2 days countdown............Have the final exam in Junior High School 
School tomorrow  i wanna know why the head of 6th form wants to see me
Just kinda doing... Nothing... School tomorrow 
I gotta sleep now. Class tomorrow and that is so not cool.  High School days were WAY better.
@lalaflamingo School is really quite sucky  *HUGSHUGSHUGS*
Talking to shelby....we are bored out of our minds. Summer School tomarrow. 
I just finished watching seasons 1 and 2 of School Rumble and now I'm trying to finish the manga, 3rd season is somewhat not aired yet 
School sucks!  so tired of it!
School has been boring  as Usual
Is completely and utterly overwhelmed right now.. School 
School starts again today, through end of August!    First time I've done a summer class.  And the last time!
i got back form school! GP! is a bigg High School! scared to go there next year! 
School 8-11:30, work 12-6, gym 7-10... I just want to take a nap!! 
Umm..that was short lived now I have a huge test &amp; not so huge test. If you don't see me for the next four weeks its because of School 
@farrahrolbus dude farrah, you were my favorite on Charm School! I thought you were gunna win and make it to the end fursure! 
School was well crap today. Don't wanna go in tomorow !! 
School at 8 tomorrow  Goodnighty twitterverse and friends . xoxo
Wishing my wife could find a job in the Knox Co. School system. She has a M.Ed. in school library media. No luck so far. 
If any of you are going to the Gothic Charm School book release party tonight, have fun for me! I don't get to go. 
School Tom.  such a shame. goodnight.
Taking Traffic School online!  It makes me miss my totaled car!
My tummy hurts.  Oh wells. School tomorrow. Lots I hope.
School  cant wait till weekend! http://tinyurl.com/nbtqgt
School time now. 
@Jyatsu School in rside?  I want to go back to school too 
About to shower .. School's starting in less than a week .. That's sad. 
School again...so damn bored i wanna go Home now 
the Cooking School photo's are out on line. Im the guy on the left further down the blog with a beard and no hair on my head 
@AmyJessicaB Yaya! I've gota go now sweety  School animation is calling me  x
Up way too damn early   School till 8 tonight
Oh, I think he's 4th Year High School!!!  http://bit.ly/YvDmA
Just woke up! I can't get used to this at all  School I hate you!!!
At work again; I see my coworkers more than my hubby.    School tonight too. Need more caffeine, going to be a long ass day.
So, this week is going by pretty fast. School until 3 today and then catching up on some sleep! The bags under my eyes are horrible! 
SHET! School at 8am tomorrow! :| ayyyyy 
@JuliaSiddle oh I'm still in year 10  School sucks
Doing my homework. Actually, rushing my homework. School on monday. Saddest thing ever. 11:37PM, still rushing. 
School is back in session..I'm about to be in this class damn near 4hrs...ugh 
School is over , well for me anyway  , i didnt even get to say GoodBye to everyone  causr i though i was gonna go in 2moz but i just cant!
Totally bought High School Musical 3 today... and it was meant to be released tomorrow.  Also bought a Wii Remote charger!
@mysteriousblog Aww.. School can get a little monotonous/suck, but cheer up!  I kind of wish I could go back to high school..
Finally !! School's out. Now at home 
@DaveSch High School Musical 3? &quot;... You can do it just know that I believe&quot; *sing* haha. This ish is gonna be fun. 
Brentwood High School prom tonight. Hoping everybody has fun AND makes smart choices. (It's possible to do both!) 
I hope today is a quiet day, for my sake -_____- Though I'm sure my bosses would want to disagree. School holidays are FINALLY over 
Last nite I dreamt I got through London Business School  please someone quickly give the GMAT on my behalf
Oooh @ashlovessmosh &amp; @FamousMe could teach a High School Musical class 
Middle School. Its such a hassle sometimes. Check out my myspace.. go on FFE to find out what is it 
I am actually good at cooking pancakes!  I think I should be a chef ;] (N) School tomorrow...it's going to be seriously boring 
School tommorow, Can't wait acctualy. I'm such a geek  But atleast I get to see everyone! x
School tomorrow and im not tired. No bueno. Time to bust out the bright eyes yup lol night 
School  I'm too tired and I've got work to do for drama like making programmes which should have aready been done, oops 
School is out  huhu now with danii in the city..lol fun
Education will indeed inhance my future. my passion. therefore I shall not complain about school today  -britt
School In about 12 minutes then I get picked up by Morgan 
@RoxOnFox I totally looked like a student at Trinity High School; you will probably fit in too! 
School school school.... I cant wait for the summer 
I am going to bed, ho ho hopefully I'll be able to walk in dreamland. School tomorrow, then I'll come home and sleep/watch television... 
School time. WofO rehearsal after school, again. Dress day  Rebekah better have worn hers. 
Just finished the School of Hard Knicks achievement with my lock 
Just got back from a 3 camera shoot - thanks to a camera loan from a VUer  May Fete at our High School...
@prajjwol nope I did from Shuvatara School. Passed out during 2003 
@vincenthunt fantastic time to be alive, all knowledge at your fingertips, but real learning is always hard. School is so last century 
wow I really abandoned twitter -but I'm back  School is finally over and now I get to take care of my career
Going for a drive with a chatterbox 1 year old while her big bother is at Religious School. Hoping she'll eventually take a snooze ... 
Yesterday was a lot of fun.  School tomorrow. :/
@J_Schools love coronas  its summer in a bottle
just found the coolies from my High School back in the day on Facebook.... and they are still friends.. Somethings never change... 
Yearbook Distribution Day tomorrow! School until 4th, then Carinos, and then back to school to hand out books!!! 
watching the old film clip for &quot;start of something new&quot; for the first High School Musical on disney. so beautiful. 
Uhuhuhu , incepe Impact Mk School 
School was coole  then went to nickis game. SO cold!! waste of my tym. Now having dinner @ auntys house. Warm  doubl grafix tmrw 
Just hangin out at home, watchin twiligghhttt ( and readin it (AGAIN!!) lol School sukked today Bahaha 
School can blow me. He looks nice today thoughh. 
School -.- I'm arrange for the design of the blog to a friend! I think it's looks good  http://xoxoeternity.blogg.no/
School then football then with alecceeee 
@J_Schools haha funny cause i blame @shiatheninja and @cocotheninja for me not going to bed  its a vicious circle
School. School. School.  today seems like it's going to be a great day!
OMG brings me back to my High School Days!  ? http://blip.fm/~5ygpg
Is teaching 4 and 5 yr old Sunday School today  happy mothers day!
Watching Desperate Housewives  Ugh school tomorrow. 12 days of school until I am offically out of High School 
I can't wait until Friday. High School will be officially OVER! 
@stupidNGUYEN get well soon  School was the same boring crap. I hate Spooner 'cause of my Commerce mark. I'm not gonna tell anyone :|
Watching High School Musical . I like it))Songs are very beautiful 
I wanna watch The Magic School Bus! 
School is out! (: I'm back at home, finally! 
@HeriCabral debating whether to watch the 1st episode of Charm School that's sitting on my DVR right now 
School. Only 3 more weeks 
Schools over  What next? I still don't know..
School's out 
School tomorow.. #kills self# thank god it's a 3 day week for me 
@polymetrica @Arcadios To be honest, I don't know Higurashi is yandere type but School Days is awesome. Kotonoha is also my type.  
School tomorrow. Movie later. Okay, got it 
Made it through last week, thank goodness!  School is almost done and I am excited!
School tomorrow  But only 3 days of school this week 
&quot;High School Musical 3&quot; is just as corny as the first two... is it bad, then, that I watched all three today... and enjoyed myself?    
School tomorrow.. Ugh but yay for friends: @kakandyce @jenniecast &amp; @whoariley 
ok now im going to bed lol..School to-mar-o. Highschool is so dramatic, but u have to just smile, &amp; tell people to fall back if need be 
School again -.- iPod with me, then the day will go well 
likes this &quot;Left School&quot; idea. got to stay in bed while my sister got ready for school, and I don't have to go out till 6:30pm! Its great 
@BuffySummers lol I'm so bad at research or, ya know work in general. School - not so much my thing either.... 
Business World B-School Rankings: NM Features in the top 10  http://bit.ly/XOLpU
School today which i am not looking forward to, then soccer and dancing with the stars!!!! 
School. Home to clean. Then hopefullyi think dress shopping. hay-layy 
School musical next year is Joseph! First musical I ever saw and knew all the words to (including script.) I wanna be a brother 
School; shop week  , thank god.
Off to School! I'll take a pic of the new small TV after school, if it's setup 
School, then Job interview at 12:30ish. 
School field trip today yeaaaa 
School time  wohoo not really hah
School...6 days NOT counting today, but today is gonna be easy for me  yay!
School should definately start at 1:45 and end at 1:47  
Rawrrr. School. No shit better happen today cuz im in a good mood. Lol. 
School then work today at 5pm. Kinda mad i couldnt do my practice today, but its okay  since i am replacing cee2 saturday 
part timing at Australian International School,,love the kids 
School was boring todayyyy but at least i didnt freeze coz i got madie's jacket!!  &lt;3 you maz!!
School was great today  keepin my ambition and focus  sweet dreams tweet hearts. Xoxo
I got accepted into Grad School! 
Agrees with Brittaney. School is fucking stressing me out. Only two more weeks of school. Good thing we have a three day weekend 
School then out for the night  promenade and revive  text me lots!
School, out early, running some errends, then up to camp tip Monday  can't waitttttt !!
had a long day. School,Salon and unexpected shopping  theeeen party tonight!
TGIF .  School :\  Should go by fast 
School ; packingg ferr upp northhh  Yay ! its Fridayy [: i love youu Kendalll &lt;3.
School time.  now it's time to crush singing class
Going To School  Then Friends Place :]
School agian..hopefully getting dismissed at 1030 to go the beach  i dout it but hopefully
Schoolie Schoolie School. 1st &amp; second period are the worst. But at the rate i'm going i'll graduate by late junior year 
School picnic outside  oh yeah and its follow friday follow @tyg10!
Law School Graduation today 
School for a couple hours. Leave early to go to vegas 
Bored in Traffic School....don't speed people, unless you have to go to work, school, or play basketball then it's OK 
School's out! Let the mayhem commence! Ideally with a nice cup of tea and an early night 
Awe here at the Amedd Center and School. The memories.   GPS location: http://bit.ly/yMtNG
TGI FRIDAY! School doesnt start for another hour!  and I got a bunch of colored shirts at Michaels for $2 each! They are really nice! haha
I'm off to bed now. School tomorrow -7ish days 
Cap and Gown from my High School Graduation in 2006. I graduated with honors!!  http://tinyurl.com/qdml6c
@StDAY Haha, same here. That's why I have two Old School shirts.  
School's finally finished, it kinda felt like today took forever. But it was a good day! The weathers sunny now 
Scool is great! Family is fabulous!! Finally got a personal life!! Wow what a difference in motivation.... 
@gaycyclops because I was thinking of joining you for a marathon sometime this summer... School's out in 13 days!!! 
Just got back from the mall, it was pretty cool. The chocolate lounge was awesome. Yah! The long weekend is finally here! School was fun 
@mparaz totally unrelated story. I know who gave away those Imacs for Xavier School. 
