Most common words for this cluster:
[('school', 392), ('teachers', 16), ('schools', 16), ('exams', 15), ('class', 14), ('teacher', 13), ('graduation', 13), ('vacation', 10), ('bus', 10), ('haha', 8), ('exam', 8), ('lol', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'school', 0.9885974526405334), (u'elementary', 0.7956982254981995), (u'schools', 0.7545808553695679), (u'shool', 0.6848424077033997), (u'students', 0.6788981556892395), (u'kindergarten', 0.6755362153053284), (u'eighth_grade', 0.6729830503463745), (u'teacher', 0.6693634390830994), (u'elementary_schools', 0.6681604385375977), (u'classroom', 0.6620920896530151)]





Why does school take over your life so much you don't get sleep anymore  .. I am still doing school work and have more to do as well
making myself ready for school...don't feel like going, but have two tests 
Ugh, school  i hate coming early and just sitting at my locker.
back from school, now doing the papers 
it's snowing  i'm off too school now.I start my intensive gym class today, so i'm at school until 9!
its so nice out and I'm chained to my school books. 
@mellieebelliee aw i'm sorry, bb  middle school was pretty decent to me. it was high school that nearly destroyed me.
going over all of my books. getting ready for school tomoz 
more aweful homework  and school tomoz aaaargh
Revising for exams ready for when i go back to school 
Doing coursework  .. Its sunny and I want to be outside! .. I hate school ..
still doing h/w!! some schools are just soo annoyin!!!(espeicially qegs) 
learn for the school  !!!
argh packing bags for school so not wanting to go back 
9 minutes in and i already hate school and teachers again! 
At school after holidays 
have to learn spanish vokabulary and some english before the school began...  and I have to do my biology homework...
Getting ready for school, i hate mondays  lol, boces then school
No more vacation  back to school!
Sitting in careers class doing absolutely nothing! Blaaaahhh for school 
Is at school. ACT on Wrndsday. 
back to school... vacation is over -- never started for me 
at school on my vacation 
at school!  i miss him schools funn now that im back im in tec class boreing 
In school waiting for geography to start... 
2 more exams before... more school. 
finishing off school assignment!!!    how boring!
@geniuslu I dont have any of my DVDs down here at school with me  Why didn't you just go back to sleep?
Working on treating my resume for school 
I need t practice more. Much school = little cello 
listening to music and doing a essay for school 
no more school pleasee  i want vacations now 
on the school computer.  its so slow. and ugly. haha
@lezzles @richardbarley   getting my languages mixed up, back to school again...
is in the school...now I become my german school task 
@soloapple Your luckeh. I have to do dancing with my school, it ruins your reputation when your 14. 
i hate school and it's worse with a stupiiiiid class raaahhh 
vacation is over.  school. then working from 3:30-6.
school... And no improv 
going to school than soccer 
Is on the bus going to school 
is working on her school  assignments. 
Working on my stupid novel for school! I can say that it's not going good at all! 
making posters for school... they are definitely coming along!.. then shower and bed!! school in the morning... blehhh 
I just finished my last high school theatre production. 
I saw my books and I suddenly want to go to school.  But then when I go to school, wishful thinking for summer. 
@RealZoltan nm you. Of to school soon 
sanjana got to do school tours 
my school bus never turned up 
Just getting ready for my stupid interview at school 
now i need signature's from my old teachers from my old school and it pisses me off why can't they just give me it to me  right away 
getting ready for school  ewww .. i'm not ready yet for school 
Last for the teachers! She is not a good teacher either! 
I really don't want to do school work...why are l all my friends out of school already...  
My school's 8th grade is in Chicigo and i am not 
I miss my high school classmates!!! 
at school right now, class is fun !! but I'm tired 
Blergh i am ill but still school now back to nazi learning in history 
Is too tired to function..school 
the teachers hate me at school  lol
going to school. then remediation. 
Off to school no new divide 
not the high school drama all over again 
Ugh i have to work on my project after school 
i'm back on my 'hating-school' track now. I HATE IT 
is sad.  Wish I had done better in school this semester. 
in the bus .. going to school 
about to hop on the bus and go to school 
@TheLPFreak poor u  were u at school though?
ugh cant wait to start art school  high school isnt for me 
@BreeDeLaMort schools gay without you girlfrannn 
Volunteering at the elementary school its the kids last day of elementary school 
actually, my school is great. and i love my classmates. suddenly. i'll miss them. 
I miss school, really. I miss my class 
So much stuff to do and so little of it is school related -- i need to get back on the school train, i'm sorry classes. 
science teacher keep us in after school. i missed my bus 
@iamdjs I can't afford art school 
No  I'm so upset lol but hey can u bring my CDs tomorow to school?
g2g to school now  math finals
I'm leaving for school. A religious class. Byebye. 
I am in school. Absolutely I have been sick .. I want to go home - we are writing of geography, the best it will 
lost all my files since high school. 
I took my yearbook photo earlier at school, and I don't think that it will turn out great 
Oh no adult school again 
eating lunch. then school 
sore from ultimate... trying to figure out how to pay for school next semester... 
walking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down 
@jennwadsworth So sad that schools have to close.  
man im so sad school is ending  but then again high school might be better :O
i need monies.  school is expensive.
is crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......
attending a high school graduation. Makes me feel old. 
@bobbiandmike .. i was the worst speller in school. i always had a D. so sad. 
Our school is pathetic, we don't get a prom  I want one!
doing homework... ugh i hate school 
Working on summer school curriculum. 
i hate school projects especially since there's only 3 days of school left. @frank_calebrese us both 
@absolutelytrue back to secondary school and actually make an effort 
one of my teachers just died!! 
@twisource why would you do this to us this means all australian listeners will be at school !! 
my jeee.. vacation is almost over..  i don't want to go back to school yet. 
Off to bed.. I have to iron my school uniform 
It's weird being in the same room as all of my high school teachers. I can't find my favorite one, though 
Other schools are closed but why is mine still open!? 
E-learning is over, now back to school... again. 
counting down the periods left of school... 35 
just found out my favorite student left our school.  i no longer like my advanced grade 1A class...boo 
well...i am in college and the high school drama is still chasing after me. will it ever go away??? probably not 
on my school bus- still tired 
I have 2 go 2 school....take exams 
on the bus, going to school  so tired, and so sick of math class! LOL
I feel bad that public school students here in our country have to attend night classes just so they can learn. 
Off to school for exams 
Bout to take my last exam. I can't believe how fast school has gone by and I took it all for granted! 
In school one more lesson left its too hot  lol
I'm tired after school,shopping &amp; now i have maths tution 
@ErinAJones wait until you are checking out her high school because she is getting ready to go to ninth grade. 
Going to school  the social anxiety is kicking in.
great have to be at school for all the #e3 presentations 
is home....shattered....and about to do some catch-up planning for school  Who said teachers are 9-3???!!
Moms lecturing me about how i should be in school 
i cannot wait for school to be over. i hate homework 
taking my traffic school final!! ugh!!! 
doing my school's writing, so boring 
learning maths in school lab right now 
Sitting at my cousin's high school graduation.... So boring 
convocation in 2 daysssssssssssssss. i cant believe high school is over 
@Schofe could you tell me how you got on with diversity as I won't be able to watch it-I'll be at school  most likely in an exam.
Puggs is lonely without the students 
I had to create an account to get info for school 
Is on the road to go to school 
school for me will be finished when I read 2 books 
@JenDelgadoCNN but school opened yesterday...the poor public school students, going about in this weather! 
@NoRaptors oh right...you have school.  when does vacation start for you?
late to school because of my stupid foot 
has just realized that high school is (almost) really over  http://plurk.com/p/xv8k6
Going to school... what do you think?! I didn't finish my homework 
going to school. gahhh I just want it to be over.  graduation is so close!
Leaving for school in 10 .. well now, 9 minutes.. exams 
I'm so tired of this! I just  want school to end and I don't have to see their stupid faces again... 
@christielove i would LOVE to come visit..too bad i have school 
The computer at school are a craps 
at school in mikes class 
sitting in school waiting to go to french class... ugh 
i must learn for school ............  school sucks ..
The end of maths at school :'(:'(:'( the end of my school life :'(:'( I like school :'( who said sth else:'( 
Since I'm neither a student nor a teacher, I'm actually sad that school is ending in 2-1/2 weeks  
@Batrock high school didn't even have wireless!! So I'd be just a high school dropout 
tired.just got back from doctores for my knee i have 2 restb  lol. off for school
At school now, technology 
Getting ready for school. I miss my seniors. 
is in a lesson at school 
ARGGG. school.  who else still has school for like; another month?
I miss sending the children off to school in the morning I leave for school before they do 
school is absolute shambles- having to drop a subject 
sooo tired  well, off to school (fielllld trip!).
I shouldn'[t be going to work and school in the condition that I'm in. But I got to. 
Trying to get together all the motivation I can to get ready for school. Tooo early for class 
I want to go home and I can't because I have a stupid meeting back at school 
I bet every other school in the rest of the U.S. is out of school already. But no! Not my school. On my way to school 
is getting ready to go to my brother's high school graduation. He's all grown up 
no more school, well i'm happy i don't  have to go to school but,  i still want to see my teachers 
@msilve I don't know what to do, I am confused. I want both schools 
@lloreall I'm out of school. Just the yearbook isn't done. 
Dropping my brother off to school for his graduation... 
I'm at my last high school graduation  as school board member  #ac2c #tcot
I might sound crazy but I miss school.    And I'm not ready to be a sophmore...or tall enough!!  haha
exams are done, almost done with school! my computer is officialy deadzo, get me a new one. 
I'm not ready to go to school yet  I'm happy classes are suspended 
i miss singapore. the stress of school has already come back 
Just made a new account...  I don't want to go to school !! WAAAAAAAAAAAH ! 
is a graduate! i cant believe high school is all over 
I have to write a report for school.  That sucks!
@DuckDeez lucky u! I wish my school would've had one but our school president was too lazy 
Just got out school!!! What next??.......summer school!! 
missing @clibrojo @bealibrojo @samllamzon @trishllamzon we need to bond before all of us starts school!! 
Yay school exams.. 
just woke up .. do my project for school 
cramming about school works.. 
i'm free now and welcome for graduation, no! high school is over! 
Why does it have to rain on the lastweek of school ? 
on my school flow...studying....ughhhhhh! I rather be outside tanning 
at my little cousins high school graduation.  i feel old 
I'll cry when I finish school :'( I'll miss all of them and I don't want to finish school, not now when were all friends 
I am doing projects for school. 
Studying science..........only 4 days left of school! Then exams  then summer!!!!!!!
graduation was a loss. the school is less atractive. 
Homeworks   Too long for me! Why do we have some, we already have school is enough!
back to school, in maths 
looking up undergraduate feeder schools to top grad schools. highly depressing. possibly b/c they factor in law schools &amp; i need medicine 
on top of not being able to go to the keynote, i'll be in school during it 
@nachreiner I hate to hear that...sorry that it is closing  I wish ag programs would not be cut from our schools!
@vimarie cause my high school didnt release my high school grades and college needs it 
@Mcfly_ThatGirl_ aww poor you  i hated exams when i was in school =D i'm good thankx, you? x
Listening to @jonasbrothers on the bus to school. It makes me want to cry so bad 
I'm back in boarding school 
has two poorly boys off school with raging temperatures 
can't eliminate this cramps..i'll miss school for now.. 
is off out to school  but, collecting sponsors so its all good!
History now  school is pish.. Byebye D; x
is sitting waiting to go to the dentists and then i have to go to school 
Vacation is over!!    Now I'm at school!! :/
bored because i have no school.... but all my friends do havbe school 
says follow me to bowie high school for summer school! 
@jes1129 don't want to go to school! school will not be the same without you! 
soo busy.! school works again. ahai. 
:/ exam weeek at school  (N) not gudd 
how does it know to rain just when I have to collect the girls from school, soaked again 
Doing some academic reading... I miss school. 
revising for school exams 
Off to school to work on my assignment. 
@damalur My school blocks absolutely everything now. 
@suberunker I used to have an annual pass back in high school too 
Is sick  now i have to go into school for makeups...
sickk... missed school stupid teacher promised us slurpies and now he says we arent going 
doing a school project... so boring  
/me has to skip high school reunion 
i only can go online in school 
Having a nervous breakdown!  I want to quit school already 
haha so the entire school minus kimerley is screwed for exams, why do we have them? 
W0ah! Reallly tired! going out for lunch! But going into school first... 
chilling at school, science is boring 
honestly, fuck school  i'm tired of making these fucking notes
I take it back not excited for school after seeing the courseload 
@_ClaytonKennedy @redvers well its the end of high school. and if we don't do well, colleges won't let us into them  so im panicking haha
Going to school  (If I won from #squarespace, I wouldn't be bored on the commute)
@mdsnet i'm about to be 20  i wish i was in middle school! middle school kids are the worst though.. well maybe high school kids..
 ill, so now school. you'd think i'd be happy because of that 
feels like a high school student again.  
third day. damn you teachers! i was in the school 6:30. without knowing my 2 teachers will not come. our next sub would be 12. damn. 
is at school in science and is bored  haha
just lost basketball  but won school soccer yay!!!
loggin to school network is down 
Is it weird for me to miss doing homeworks and going to school? 
wondering if i will ever become a primary school teacher without having to give up too much  xx
says damn! allergies acting up again...boo...really back in school  http://plurk.com/p/11deeq
@jacquieeee if it makes you feel better. this is about the only class i've done well in.. since 2008! i don't like school.  lmaoo. 
I sprained my ankle at school 
I am at school waiting to have a lesson. not much fun 
I miss college (even the school part) 
It was horrid  I wish I could have been too! Two more schools and I get to go home!
2 exams down, yet 4 to go  i hate school
@stupidlambxx ikr?! and since you went and *graduated*, no more school hangouts  deff! we'll hafta get together sometime
holiday. but i've go to school! 
Ahh...school is out! Woot! 2 exams and 1 provincal though. 
i at last graduated from high school. but i don't know, should i be happy? i graduated with average grades 
Seriously unprepared for this last exam to conclude my high school career. 
studying for linear functions, school 
@andyclemmensen grrrrrrrr i didnt even tweet much while i was at school because i was saving my battery for after  &amp; you didnt even call
vacation is over.  back to school..
finished h/w but will get yelled by my maths teacher as i left my book at school and haven't done my h/w 
Off to fail spanish exam now.. Ah the joys of school.. 
at school... no more D&amp;T classes.... 
I hate religious education &amp; my twisted teacher. 
Is walking back to the school to take her science regent 
@BrennaBreakdown  i have to actually agree with you.. at my school its the end of the year and our teacher still gives us work... uhhhh 
@nickie72 , no wasn't allowed to do that in school, was forced to do double science instead!!  lol
Why is everyone else having holiday and I have to go to school. So unfair 
i am in school and dreaming about adidas samba. 
at school in sose but very bored. I want my whistle back Kelly  and agree with charlieskies
@emleh_x I didn't go to school and allies made at me 
@StephaniePearl booo  I hate it when teachers talk just because they like to hear themselves hahaha.
I think this recital is going to make me cry even more than high school graduation.  
@bisma - Should you call your students stupid? 
in school with the girls at geography classes  so boring!!
Driving to school...I hate saying that sentence 
can summer be over now? I think I need my kids to go back to school. 
@cdavis620 unfortunately no.. she doesn't like traveling too much and the school will not cover her costs! 
Finished school so happy, have a few exams still to do though  #squarespace
Off to bed soon, got school in the morning again  i hate school
At irene's graduation! How sad  i miss rancho verde high school !
but all i need is a camcorder... or i can use the old school from 1987 we never used 
@POKEMONica3 haha schools not cool without you  haha! use neurofen
@JulianaMercedes same with me..it sucks schools endinggg 
school is here  and i'm using the school computer nowwwwwwwww
Heading to get the bus to school 
I want to move schools - why is everyone so mean? 
damn!!! got injured again in school because of playing basketball... 
Still Confused , ...getting ready for school      3 more days of school left !!!
gettting'reaadiii, and then school.. for my vocaal exam. 
off to school for my last exam of high school! summer is here baby, although you cant tell by the weather 
i'm on school again i hate school the most of my friends outside of school are already free from school en the have a vacation I don't 
learning psychologie and philosophie for my school leaving examination! 
has just finished swimming gala and now is trying to recover in school library 
Preparing for the school awards .       I miss playing soccer 
@gagi001 I got out of school late. That's killing my appearances. 
At school waiting in line. They better have my diploma 
preparing a presentation for school 
My little girl is officially a high school senior now!  
no more school, leave school forever 
i want vacation. terrible school 
working for a school paper is harder than I expected 
looking at bags for school, but i dont see the one i want 
Making a project for school 
argh, i have to recheck whether i packed my books correctly annot because i have a new school timetable  and tmr i have school. so sad 
Yeaaaaaaaaa I failed algebra So now I get to go to summer school!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Making my presentation for school 
really bored talking to parents about moveing school really un-likely 
@hazeleyezJ And now we don't have school so that I can get the weekly update 
At school with a migraine 
There are so many tests in school 
running errands then going to school 
@EuanDewar no  it's just there are several fit teachers at the school i work at... the interns are nice too #notaperv
tomoro going to visit my old school but i have 2 catch 2 busses 2 get there 
I don't know what to do now schools over. 
@forensicmama downloading the interview now. at school earlier so i missed it 
@taticakes I wish I had the same luxury about going to school. 
just woke up....   schools out 
over-slept so bad! and I haven't even started my packet, it's like high school all over again. not good... 
#thingsthathavebadtiming Friends who finally tweet when I have to pick children up from school 
sadly the classroom is empty now 
At school now! Going to go soon  need to go to lessons  xx
Finished secondary school now  12 week holiday then on to college
Going to school its all rainy and dark outside it scares me 
learn for school... its so boriing 
brought big earings but my teachers wont let me wear them at school 
is happy because teacher was on strike so no school phahahah    but has 2 go 2morro   
has just got up.. ahh i love school holidays 
Coloring with my students 
geography high school teacher used to tell us that. sophomore year 
@BeesLikeZeebras Faaaaaarmer ;) I dno why it does, that was just a school network I joined 
doesn't want to go back to school, so close to being done...  bought food for school as well i won't starve lol
At school getting ready for at presentation 
@PoisonIvy69 it's grand outside, I've just walked my son to school and it's lovely 
No teacher , so we could leave school  me likes!
@melissagiddins twilight in the classroom would be fabulous 
getting ready for school.... going to cabane a sucre 
Is happy because his spanish teacher is not at school! 
It's nice to have one child who actually likes going to school. 
At school, and i'm already bored, next up making Pancakes! 
@StudioFairy well I hope not. 12th graders have final exams so when they are taking them, we don't have to go to school. 
@susanwaala I would totally put them in my classroom! 
@DeeTenorio I'd say he's gifted. That's what the school system called me. 
Is chilling since school is done for the semester 
eating breakfast  getting ready to go to school ;(
yoga for school, what could be better? 
@alroaker Loved the comment on flashcads! I'm old school too! 
@rhettroberts I taped them when I was still at school! They look pretty retro now, but the theme song is still recognisable 
Playing old school sonic.. 
mmk , bueno , that would suck if the best high school band went away right 
eating candy in school, also laughing with @tsuboo 
just got back from school. still in my uniform 
is sat in the school reception 
At school, on the computer 
@iSushix It was just for my high school festival. 
@russiandiva @melmilletics   All 3 are teachers as well.  
you can pay for school, but you can't buy class 
bobbing in my chair to high school musical 3 
@aestheticpov haha i totalllllly AM....i love school! maybe thats why i should be a teacher 
@adlyx better than no high school degree 
@black_buzzer  Actually, I wasn't at posh school, just a grammar school, however, I am well posh now. 
school laterr ill probly seak on at school soo ill update there 
Getting ready for school! carefree! 
just about to collect my babies from school 
@sabaliciousplz That you broke a school record 
Finally  last exam   no more school for me 
I am at school in graphic arts! 
taking final exams. bout to get out of high school. 
@columalmighty I'm nearly at school! I'm on the bus 
just woke up... at least sober !.... and glad that school is out.... only graduation left  and prom 
I'm an official high school graduate 
I don't want to go to school.boring teachers again and boring classes.haha 
Late for school. Lets make plans tonight  Follow me and i'll follow you boo
field trippp for school  then shore with the familyy for the weekendd !!!! be back eventuallyy (:
finally weekend !! a little holiday from school 
I'm back form school 
is bout to go to my brother's graduation from elementary school 
looking for scholarship money for possible school enrollment..we shall see 
got my braces off, not going to school  muahaha. studyiiing texttt??
