Most common words for this cluster:
[('school', 1188), ('tomorrow', 707), ('today', 460), ('day', 87), ('na', 39), ('summer', 35), ('morning', 26), ('haha', 25), ('graduation', 24), ('im', 22), ('homework', 20), ('home', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'school', 0.7217919230461121), (u'tomorrow', 0.6696711778640747), (u'schools', 0.5661062002182007), (u'Sun_Danyong_graduated', 0.5623000860214233), (u'today', 0.5595380067825317), (u'tardy_bell_rings', 0.5527483224868774), (u'Ms._MacKinlay', 0.5481130480766296), (u"Today'sa", 0.546236515045166), (u'tonight', 0.5439736247062683), (u'shool', 0.5429887771606445)]





bedtime, school tomorrow, and i still have no books  being broke suckssss
I am not wanting to go to school tomorrow. 
ias awake, but has to go into school today 
has got to go into college today  in the holidays (((( !
mommy... is school closed today? 
just read R#42's amazing blog. so tired  don't want to go to school tomorrow either. hmmph 
sickk   in class essay tomorrow last day of school on thurs woooohhh
school till 5 today  boooo!
Just woke up and ready to work on some crazy .................... school project  No music for me today
got saturday school tomorrow  blah hate saturday school sleepover in couple weeks XD
2 sick- couldn't sleep so no class today.  i actually enjoy school so i'm really bummed.
The spring is now finished and i'm going back to school tommorow. 
thinking what i am doing today i am tired and i don't want to be monday (back to school) 
Off to see '17 again' tonight, can't believe school starts on monday 
start H.W... noooooooooooo tomorrow wo got back to school!!  boo hoo ! :O
one more night before i go back to school tomorrow. vacation's almost over 
back to school tomorrow 
spring breaks over. i have school tomorrow. fml 
fuck, school tommorow 
school tomorrow  i want more holidays!
Just woken up. It's lame that we have school tomorrow.  Ahh well...
is back to school tomorrow 
school mondayy  french presentation today 
attempting to finish all my homework last minute before school starts tomorrow 
does not want to go to school tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow...school holidays are over 
woke up. school tomorrow  test on tuesday yay 
school tomorrow, i wont last a whole term.  
@lapetitedame ASHLEYYY! heyz how are ya? omg school tomorrow  this sucks. big time.
so not looking forward to school tomorrow 
okay, school starts tomorrow...what a sorrow   Wow, that's a rhyme! 
I'm awake! going to get ready.. back to school on monday 
I dont want to go to school tommorrow 
Doesn't wamt to go back to school tomorrow 
i'm getting my stuff ready for school tomorrow 
awww just found out i has school tomorrow! 
battery is dying  ...more shopping tomorrow though,, then home. dreading school on monday.
Is sitting at home bored  And doesnt want to go back to school tomorrow
so happy i go back to school on tuesday not tomorrow. I MUST GET @mileycyrus tickets 
tomorrow school again  ... i can'T wait so see you all ;)... today doing something for school.. oh i hate it..
 back to school tomorrow 
@EmaBaksa oooh o.o school starts tomorrow  then i have to study again x[ my break is finally over...
@stonesimon aww thanks... college tomorrow though  lol
So yea, no in-service day, back at school as normal tomorrow... suckfest 
is coming home from pr today  and school tomorrow? ew.
afraid of what's wait for me tomorrow..  school is so not cool nowadays..
2morrow back in school.  so today I'm gonna be soooo lazy and i will enjoy 
back to school tomorrow 
is going to the city soon, tomorrow school starts 
going back to school tomorrow 
just woke up. have school tomorrow. no more spring break 
back to school tomorow 
bed time. school tomorrow  i wish i was may already.
i'm pretty pissed off about going back to school tomorrow.  the end of a fab holiday 
is going to style her hair !!! tomorrow is school 
one last day of freedom! back to school tomorrow &amp; back to studying for exams 
tomorrow back to school 
going back to school tomorrow 
Heading back to school later today 
@saaamie aw, do you have school tomorrow? i feel sorrry for you! 
doesn't wanna go back to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow  ewww.
yeah kids go back to school tomorrow!   got tons of housework to do today  never did get to that yardwork  r u all liking twitter?
i really don't want to go back to school tommorow. 
is back to school tomorrow, got a lot of homework to do 
I study, and I use the computer.tomorrow school, i don't want to go xD 
is well tired.. and doesnt want to go back to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow  :@
I don't want to go to school tomorrow...cuz thatbmeans today I have to do homework...  
arrrr school again tomorrow  ..... help meee!!
school tomorrow! i don't want to get up at 6.45 
off to get a new bag in a bit, school tomorrow  x
so exhausted from a workout, might take a nap! omg, dreading school tomorrow 
why do i have to go back to school tomorrow?? 
Man, school starts again tomorow 
It's actually sunny!! :O Yay! I don't wanna go back to school tomorrow!!!! 
school tomorro  just cant wait to get up at 7 in the morning, ill need a crayon to lift me out ! lol
Ugh school tomorrow up at 7, bright and early 
Oh god, just remembered that I am back at school tomorrow! 
@brigittepicot what time do you end school tomorrow 
i have to back to school tomorrow  ... not good! bowling is awesome! lol
yay...it's so boring...tomorrow - school ! :'( holidays are over 
cant be dealing with school tomorrow. 
watching law &amp; order c.i marathon. i woke up at 9am to a yummy bagel.  movies later. school tomorrow 
re-decorating my room then seventeen again school tomorrow 
sunday, that means school tomorrow 
bored , and dreading school tomorrow ! 
 school tomorrow. i mean yes we go there to learn and so forth but why do we have such short holidays?
Guess i gotta back to school today  not feelin this at all
bleh school again. getting up at 6am tomorrow  got homework, but haven't got the courage to do it haha. screw it! too boring
bluub...tomorrow back to school ... 
tomorow back to school 
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow, but I guess I have to 
I can't believe I have to go back to school tomorrow. 
doesn't want to go back to school tomorrow 
is going to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow 
Damnnn school tomorrow and I have french first 
is watching ouran high school host club!   annnnd preparing for school tommorow 
don't want to go back to school tomorrow 
gym. grocery shopping. study. school tomorrow  ugh.
Get ready to come back to school tomorrow 
enjoying the last day of holiday....! tomorrow at school! 
i don't want the school to start tomorrow!!! 
Eating subway &amp; watching tv all day longgg. I dont wanna go to school tomorrow 
Ah no, I can't believe it's school tomorrow! Where did the weeks go ? 
arrww tomorrow schools starts again...goodbye holiday 
tomorrow starts school again, 2 weeks holidays are over 
doesn't want to go to school tomorrow 
bummed about going back to school tomorrow 
Not tired and have to go to school tomorrow. 
I go back to school tomorrow. booo 
just woke up, I'd still sleep if I didn't gotta go to school today 
dreading school tomorrow  wish it was summer of 09 already &lt;3
arghh school tomorrow, i wish holidays went for longerr. 
the kids are back to school today 
I need a new phone..... I also need to go to sleep! Ewwie school tomorrow. 
rawr! i don't want to go to school tomorrow. listening to a song that makes me sad... 
doesnt want to go to school tomorrow 
back to school today  not fun
@xDinna your welcome. i will be going to school soon. just woke up. skool starts today 
I am in NO mood to go to school again tomorrow 
@mileycyrus awwww x  i've got school today actually im setting of soon
can't be bothred going back to school tomorrow 
@xo_nathalieee Haha sorry it took me so long to reply. I'm good. I just wish I didn't have to go to school tomorrow... 
just got up, really should be doing coursework before going back to school tomorrow but i really can not be bothered 
really doesn't want to go back to school tomorrow 
school tomorrow... where have the holidays gone? 
glad there is no school today, shame back tomorrow thoughh 
back from camp . regaining sanity for school tomorrow. 
greatttt still got art to do and I've lost my glasses!And schools tomorrow 
Early day today. Kids go back to school 
so not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow 
back to school today. 
I have to go to school tomorrow. 
I don't want to go back to school today. 
came right now back from school.... was soooo boring today... 
Ariving at school i wonder what fun things i will do today 
nothing much. school on wednesday 
is totally not ready for school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow 
i can't be stuffed going to school tomorrow  the start of a very long and boring term noooooooooo!
back to school tomorrow  its hard
school tomorrow  really dreading it, its depressing. im off anyway. ill try get in one more tweet before school ..
@kkaazz are you still awake? I cbf goin to school tomorrow!!!!!!! 
I must say school tomorrow will put me back from posting less twitters 
don't wanna leave manchester today or go back to school tomorrow 
sad to be home and school tomorrow 
Goes back to school today... its not looking forward to the extreme heat ! 
good morning twitter, i have to go to school today  i hate waking up early
doesn't want to go back to school tomorrow 
@WerewolfJacob i couldn't sleep at all, and i started school again today  but it's okay! 1 more moth 'till graduation!
school today... im ready for summer! 
its really beautiful outside internet is so slow today  bk to school tomorrow we can wear summer shirts r u wearnin urs becca?
 i dont wanta go to school today.....
Is at school, been sick all weedend and so ready to go to bed, wishing i would ot have came today 
fucking hot today at school 
ewww, i have school today. not looking foward to that. my week's not going good so far. i left my straightner at my grandparents house! 
i wish i didn't have to go to school tomorrow  hopefully i will b able to get up.
school is shit. working tonight 
sport today, ran 3 k after school, and now going for a walk ! ugh too much excercise 
i didn't go to school today, i felt sick    it was the first day back haha i didn't get homework yay!
tomorrow school again.. 
Kids back at school today house very quite don't think I like it. 
Looks like no school for me today   That sucks!
ugh, school today... 
i don't want to go to school today. 
just got from school... nothing new :S the usual... we've got a hike tomorrow  :S that's even worse than classes  we have to many hills xD
i really dont want to go to school today  i'm wayyyyyy too tired
has a baby with an upset tummy  no school today on a big testing day  hopefully she will feel better for tomorrow
@justinesuitor one of the teachers from my middle school died today 
@laraej He went to school today hoping for a track meet.    didn't happen.  I didn't hear about the reschedule until now.
i miss @babyvtec  if not for law school could've been watching a double feature tonight! grrrrrr :/
i don't want school tomorrow 
Just remembered I have to be at the school at 8:30 tomorrow 
another day of boring school tomorrow 
@katytx77 yeah. i have 2 final projects to finish for school. due tomorrow. i just started on both of them LOL 
tired. school starts tomorrow. don't want to go back 
SO not looking forward to school tomorrow,, 
bye, children! going off twitter now! school tomorrow and no, not looking forward to it 
@andyclemmensen awww is the secret going to suck, i dont know if i will stay up then, cos i have school tomorrow 
going to bed, school  tomorrow   later alligator  x
vacation is over,my college starts tomorrow 
ugh...my blackboard site for school is not working today 
is around ... listening music and I am a little sad because tomorrow will start the exams  I am so fucking tired of school ...
this picture is great.;D tomorrow school. 
reality is so cruel  back to school tomorrow
ew, i hate sundays...school tomorrow 
@nadinka22 omj i totally forgot there is school tomorrow. no, i don't want to go 
tomorrow i have school aargh! boriing. 
school tomorrow  ughh at least it almost over for the year
@ilyriley no school either today  Except I feel sickies 
ugh i still dont feel good  i NEED to go to school tomorrow..... did i just say that?.... i must be sick
shower - school tomorrow 
tomorrow is my last day of school 
Getting ready for bed. I don't want to go to school tomorrow 
pooped from the skating seminar today. ALSO, i do not want school tomorrow.. 
i wish that i didn't have school tomorrow 
'Keeping up with the Kardashians' is going on but I have to shower because I have school tomorrow. 
Doesn't want to go to school tomorrow!!  I hate doing homeworkk
doesn't wanna face school tomorrow, after such a great weekend 
school tomorrow  ugh
school tomorrow  lame,atleast taks is over with...summer needs to come,like right now...so much to look forward to...
I don't want to go to school tomorrow  i hate Mondays.
going to beddddd!!!!!! school tomorrow!!!!!! 
i truly hate being sick  wish i didn't have to go to school tomorrow...
I feel like crap...not going to school tomorrow. 
dont want to go to school tomorrow! 2 hour class with ms mcgowen, that beast 
Uhgg i dont wanna wake up 4 school tomorrow! 
@mileycyrus i love being lazy, haha. too bad school is tomorrow  how are you miles?
Does not want to go to school tomorrow 
I'm soo emotionaly and physically drained!  I don't want to go to school tomorrow
Not ready for the big school day tomorrow 
is too full !!!!   school tomorrow. 
trying to focus on ExplorationOfTheArts crap for tomorrow morning  boooo school!
wishes she had school today. i miss it 
off to bed school then straight to work tomorrow 
looks like we are going to have school tomorrow 
so much reading. no email yet. school tomorrow. track prelims tomorrow. 
aww . school again today , sucks for me. 
school today    too much homework !!
Tierd it's bad weather so we didn't bike to school today... So sad 
home in front of the fire! dont want school tomorrow 
I feel bad for people that have to go to school today  I love sleeping in.
were working at the places I hate the most today, the aurora schools 
@laubow_ well, we have to go to school tomorrow, so we might not til about 6:30/7. it would be nice to get photos, but is it possible? 
oh no i have school tomorrow 
AHH I have school tomorrow. 
is not looking forward to school today 
school  its too rainy today
getting the kids ready for school...we are all tired this monday morning 
goodmorning. no school today! docs app. ugh!! another visit so they can tell me they dont kno whats wrong again 
is not looking forward to school tomorrow 
school today...no dance tonight 
is not excited about going to school today 
doing school today is not going well 
ohh, i has school today  booooring 
sore throat   school tomorrow! back to my boring daily schedule...
Ugh school tomorrow 
wishes somehow that there's no school tomorrow.. 
had a good mothers day, school tomorrow 
im tired and cold and don't want to go to school tomorrow 
this weekend was heaps crap  plus, school tomorrow, fantastic.
had a fantastic weekend started off with my best friend getting an i.d going to sorry grandma and not working! woohoo now school tomorrow 
getting ready for bed, ahh school tomorrow 
today is sunday...tomorrow school   try to do homeworkt but it's so boring...i'm looking forward ashley tisdale's new album :]
school tomorrow  hada sweet weekend though 
school again tomorrow! 
going back to school tonight 
i need a hot water bottle and my ipod  studying suuuuucks   canea believe i have school tomorrow 
Is finally recovering, back to school tomorrow 
... school tomorrow. :/  ... I dont wanna see the teachers.  ...
tomorrow back to school 
school tomorrow, with performing. (: &lt;3 I wish Harmonuium won't come to an end. 
good night everyone! school tomorrow 
I am bored and sick and hopfuly am well enough to go to school tomorrow. 
yuckky school tomorrow! i wish it could just be summer alreadyyy 
great weekend! again!  school tomorrow though 
awwwwfack. school tomorrow 
why do i have school tomorrow? and i have to run the mile for gymmmm. wtfff! 
i am so bloody tired. tomorrow's school and im hatin' it already. *insert bad word*! 
does not want to go to school tommorow ! 
hey!!!!  lol i dont want to go to school tomorrow!  but...... i get to wear my new clothes!!! yay!!! 
I'm back  I need to do homework, and then sleep. I don't want to go to school tomorrow,
is tired but has had a fun weekend.... tomorrow school 
UGH school tomorrow. and early, too.  only 87 more days until graduation! ...so freakin' long... D:
is not looking forward to school tomorrow morning  can't waittt for summer!
Going to sleep, really tired, had a lonngggg day ugh, school tomorrow 
school tomorrow..  i really need summer right now!
I am sooo tired!! and tomorrow school!! 
I hekka dont feel good  just wokeup!  I dont think i'm going to school tomorrow.
tomorrow will be another long day at school 
I hope siobanna's in school today... I miss her 
school is almost out. may 28 today was the seniors last day  tear
i have school  i hate thursday's they suck.
I need a ride to school tomorrow.... 
Wondering if any one is coming to school today?!?!? I am 
I need a ride to school tomorrow....  http://twurl.nl/zhijvo
srsly overslept today.. had a horrible dream about my school.. arrghh 
Not to school today. I'm ill 
school tomorrow BUT BUT today felt like it was the weekend 
@litlchef182 college day today,yuk. Going to the library after lunch though. I'm so bored right now 
i dont want to come to school tomorrow 
Morning All...suddenly thrown into this crazy prom mix...school today 
I'm not going to school today!!! Because of my stupid tooth! It still hurts a little... 
school excursion tomorrow, gotta be up at 6am. Not cool. 
Going to school today! I'm guessing major homework for me. 
Ugh summer school starts today. 
woke up later than i'd hoped. seriously have a lot to do today. school tonight 
not playing basketball today because of homework and no free courts 
@mmitchelldaviss i wish i could go to sleep, its 6am and if i go to sleep now i wont be able to sleep tommorrow [school night  ]
back to school on thursday 
had fun today off to summer school i go 
@ernho oooh that`s bad to wake up at 7am ^^ tomorrow school again 
agh, school tomorrow. really cbb. 
persuading dad to let me stay off school tomorrow, am genuinely unwell 
@_MoisesArias  aww blessss same with me i have school tomorrow... 
I have nothing to wear to school tomorrow 
shortest summer ever...back to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow. my best friend said she didn't like my new hair.  greeeat......
im going to take a shower xD its 7.04pm xD tomorrow school &amp; math! 
tomorrow college  I hate it ! lol
x( school tomorrow!!. I have a swimming class!!. I hate it!!! 
oh no !!!! tomorow is school again 
I'm very tired...I don't want to go to school tomorrow 
tomorrow starts a new school week 
is sad becaus it's school tomorrow... 
Oh no! We have gym 2morrow morning at school  I'm so tired...
had the funniest day yesterday, and cannot be asked to go to school tomorow 
it's school tomorrow!! 
back from running errands with my parents. i don't want school tomorrow 
off to bed, got school tomorrow, my school is almost the only one that is opened tomorrow. everyone gets to sleep in except me  
Weekend is over  back to school tomorrow once again...
off to bed, work 8-1 school 2-10 tomorrow!  ;[
homee! tired, bored, need to study. ughh school tomorrow  lameeee.
I have to go to school ... too many tests today .. 
currently having the shittest afternoon.. and i dont want to go to school tomorrow.. 
14 days of school left! chem midterm tomorrow= 
Morning  school today, spliting headache....
Is on way to school and she is worried about the french oural and the exams tomorrow 
can't be bothered with school today 
meeh maths excam today   i know im gonna get bollocked at school for 'not revising' when i did nearly 4 hours yday on the bus/train!!
have a poorly boy off school today 
poorly tummy so no spanish school today... 
I'm so sleepy.  i have school tomorrow. I'm sorry if i fall asleep.
No school today! ;-)  ... But maths exam tomorrow  ...
will go back to school tomorrow. i aint enrolled yet.  http://plurk.com/p/uiei5
school today.. gross 
never thought i would say this but: i want to go to school tomorrow  but i can't, i hate being sick.
at school... I don't feel so good    Drivers lesseon went terrible today :O I don't get it...
not very well today so i didn't go to school, feel the worst i have done for a long while 
No school for me today!!! I'm sick 
dangg back to school today 
testing today  maybe seeing zach after school? mmmyeah.
i have a sore back  and i have a psychology outcome tomorrow i hate backs and school
i hate school. even though, today i'll go to school just in the afternoon 
is really sore  and is not looking forward to going to school tomorrow 
We have school today and im very not happy about that.  but its okay because i have a lunchable
going to school  history final today.... wish me luck 
Graduation Last Night! still 4 days left of school. ugh, and i think we have to run the mile today. 
can't wait to go to dc so i can wear my new shoes, but today, i got school. 
Feels horrible.  not going to school or work today
@OmariJames ... bestfriend I'm not coming to school today I'm really sick .. don't miss me too much 
@PotFace i actually like school. most of my friends are graduating tomorrow 
back from school..now writing the essaye  ..dealine is wednesday ten o' clock
school...sucks...math quiz today thhat i did not study for! 
I'm jealous of all the k-8 students who don't have to go to school tomorrow! 
she's such a good friend and she leaving  i'll be crying at school tomorrow 
morning all.bleh, school today 
Ugh i dont want to go to school tomorrow. Its gonna be so lame 
@SassyGal07 still don't quite know...i'm going to chcecck in at school tomorrow 
my son got hurt at school today  he's okay - he said if he can't play soccer on recess tomorrow there's no point of going to school!
My sister got slightly trampled at school today.  Kids are crazy in corridors.
good morning!!! no school today... but I must learn for the english exam on monday.... 
I don't want to sub at the high school today 
Missed cassie @ school today 
not im school today yayy ! bt jt  have to study  not cool
I do not want to go to school today at all... 
Wishing that I didn't have to go to school today and I could just sleep through my exam   It looks like rain too....
@falloutboy good luck today! ull be great... well school calls  bye!
I feel really sick today... Not in the mood for school 
school today, then aunt's. This week has gone by so slow 
is nottt wanting to be at school or go to bach mass tonight 
last field trip today... then no more 4th grade minds to warp 
So not going to school today, been having a rough week 
last day of school today until da junior!!! it was kinda sad though 
... need to watch today's #giro stage...arg...I need to take my daughter to school too 
haha, my sickness is going away. YAY. the bad news is that i have to go to school today 
back from school, today was... I don't wanna talk about it 
leaving the city today.   back to school tomorrow.
it's late and i have school tomorrow! And the worse part is that I can't sleep 
most likely isnt going to school tomorrow, either 
Ugh. I dunno if im going to school tomorrow. O9 head hurts so bad and its only going to be worse in the morning. 
one of my baby brothers is graduating high school today! aww 
feels weird about tomorrow being the last day of high school ever... 
UP is out tomorrow and i can't watch it  thanks a lot, school.
@jennytrinh  aww! that sucks! are you going to school tomorrow?
@jaysmiamiheat haha. wait what? school? I'll be there tomorrow  all day ughh
finally graduation no more school ... im sick today 
Ugggh school is so boring! I cant wait for this year to be over. So stressed -.= i shoulda stayed home today.... 
Home from school. Out tonight? Probably not 
@emmy_563 'caus eit was school today!!!! I had a big exam... 
Staying after school today 
just got home from the last day of school.  graduation tomorrow. 
Best friend is leaving to go back to school today..I am so sad 
today i was so happy got i got off school early, but now i'm bored!! 
they aren't selling jamba juice at my school today  they're going to sell it next week. on monday.
last day of school and last concert of my life.. wow.. can you say emotional? im really gonna miss mhs..  had graduation practice today..
@ArmyWifeyDebbie I had not time to read that article today. I can imagine what it says from cover. I'm old school..big adjustment for me 
my doggy died.  today, after school...
@coriluvnthedon I know!! I wanted to go so bad, but had to send my daughter to school today and didnt have anyone to pick her up!! 
tomorrow is the last day of may . back to school again 
is going shopping today, todays left til miserable school 
sick...  and giving a speech tomorrow for graduation.
yesterday i was free at school and he didn't come 
listening to jb on radio one cause i missed it today  stuoid school!
my best friend graduated from high school today!! wish i was there 
@lttlejourney, I think I'm going to an abandoned elementary school tomorrow morning. 
no gym today  icing my ankle yet again. I fear it's going to land me at the dr. I regret what I did in college re: playing injured.
@tawneymoylan :O im going to the beach with my sunday school class tomorrow. i cant.  butttttt you could come over here sometime and hunt.
visited my high school today and it made me feel really old 
OMg so frigging tired  school  tomorrow NO!
fuckk school, i wanna chill with my baby tomorrow 
Is sad that I have to register for summer school tomorrow 
damn, school tomorrow maby some exams back  
@XGraceStAcKX nope.. tomorrow,stupid school 
yuck school tomorrow why did the weekend go so fast 
@meaningoftruth today, I'm just going to this talk at school and then stying 
nice warm and sunny day again! back to school tomorrow 
 life is taking a lot of energy out of me atm. working today with a girl i hate! and have to usher children into sunday school to sing...
i reallllllly dont want to go back to school tomorrow 
school tomorrow  weekend, y do u hav to leave me?!
@JackoBTC cos of school the next morning? i feel ur pain 
doing nothing... just thinking omgosh tomorrow's school... again! 
I really don't want to go back to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow  i think we deserve another week x
school's up tomorrow! so puuumped!  i'm still sad though, about my phone.. 
school's up tomorrow! so puuumped!  but i'm still sad though, about my phone.. 
awwwww... tomorrow is the start of school!!! 
Doesn't want the holidays to be over ... school tomorrow 
school tomorrow, tests + assignments 
doesnt wana go back to school tomorrow 
first day of school tomorrow.. greaaaat! 
I am going back to school tomorrow, that week went too quick 
getting set to go back to school tomorrow 
ahahahaaaaa. rove is amazing !  the medics were great. so unexcited for lunch class at school tomorrow 
tomorrow at this time I'll already be on my way to school!  Why did they have to change the schedule?
is not excited for tomorrow. 1st day of school. awww.  nakakatamad.
really don't want to go school tomorrow 
a little down because I'm back at school tomorrow  but cant wait to see all m mates.
a little down because I'm back at school tomorrow  but cant wait to see all my mates
has to go to school today to play for the graduation ceremonyy 
My user or pass will not work on getlifesmart and i need to finish for school tomorrow 
Tierd and it's school tomorrow  Last week atleast 
Catching the rays, before school tomorrow  x
not looking forward to going back to school tomorrow 
i dont want to go back to school tomorrow 
Not looking forward to school tomorrow! 
school tomorow  @EmsMcA you coming?
weekend's nearly over, back to school tomorrow 
not looking forward to school tomorow 
is so not looking forward to school tomorrow 
is back to work and college tomorrow 
i dont want to go back to school tomorrow! 
school tomorrow. i really cant be bothered with this homework 
going to get ready for school tommorow 
is dreading school tomorrow 
BOOORRREEDDD... just got back off holiday and dreading school tomorrow 
-- Sickk .. !!  this suckss ++ need to go to school tomorrow. 
@Steffers91 agh we got school tomorrow 
I've got school tomorrow 
@missemilyfleur  I'm not going to school tomorrow *yay*
I wish i didnt have school tomorrow!! 
@Thibow I have school tomorrow! 
Its sunday....school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow  sad face 
oh no back to school tomorrow 
I'm getting better now , I've been sick  tomorrow we have a day off from school, so that's gooooood &lt;33
the only bad thing is, i have to go to school tomorrow in gorgeous weather 
Whhyy do i hve to go back school tomorrow 
why must there be school tommorow? 
back to school tomorrow 
school tomorow...exams 
just got home! long day today. school tomorrow 
nooooooooooooo!  school again tomorrow sniffle
oooh noo the weekend is almost over  school tomorrow ... that sounds terrible :/
has a school cricket match tomorrow 
really can't be bothered to go back to school tomorrow! (N) 
@tommcfly you should go down at the front of the hotel, there are fans freezing on the rain out there! ans they have school tomorrow 
@tommcfly you should go down at the front of the hotel, there are fans freezing on the rain out there! and they have school tomorrow 
i realy realy dont want to go back to school tomorrow 
@kflannn can't BFF I have a relayy meeting  tomorrow after school?
school tomorrow  got to pack my bag :@
23C at school tomorrow starting with french is not going to be fun 
i can't belive it. i have to get up early tomorrow and go into school just for a cello lesson - only half an hour! pointless much? 
Off to bed now, school tomorrow!!  night xxx
exams start today!! not looking forward to this week at all!! better go to school or i will miss my maths exam  
Just found out that my high school band director quit... And his last concert was today 
i dont want to go to school tomorrow  oh well only 7 more weeks you guys then the fun starts 
i'm going to bed. school tomorrow 
with the cousins at the pooool. i wish it was summer and i didn't have to wake up for school tomorrow 
i hate how i forget to eat when im not in school...all ive had today is toast and a smoothie wtf 
i am officialy going to bed  i have crappy college tomorrow, up at 7 an need to go the bank :\ not good!! 
I'm off school today.. i got like an hour sleep, gah! 
It waas cool,but now i'm so tireed and i have school tomorow at 7 am 
I do NOT want to go to school tomorrow. I have to make a presentation 
have school tomorrow, another day of sameness, so boring  
I had a really enjoyable weekend. Now for school tomorrow. . . And exams  blah.
tired  tomorrow is school, dammit!!!!! &gt;
not looking forward to school tomorrow 
Ugh I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow. I'm so sick right now 
Ugh school school starts tomorrow  but It's okay right now i'm watching mtv awards!
I dont think im going to school tomorrow.I lost my voice, coughing up things that could be alive and I havent slept well 
good morning (: school today  can't be bothered.
why is summer so short!? schools tomorrow na 
back at school today 
wondering what's going to be appropriate to wear to work bearing in mind my classroom will be 40 billion degrees today. 
Doing my hair, going back to school today!!! 
damn why do we have to go back to school today?! 
Has a maths exam today  but only 2 hours of school then home to enjoy the sun and revise for tommorrow &lt;3 x
back to school today  to hot for athletics
@amber_benson i have the same problem, and i need to go to school early tomorrow 
Not only do I have school today, but my hayfevers bad 
Phone call from school has ruined my morning tea plans tomorrow  Working is lame.
gawd, no school today yet i still have to go in to give in my art book  so tired.
...went to a lot of places today. I miss going to school.  
good morning... wish i didnt have to go to school tomorrow 
I'm not tired at all. I've been awake since 11:00 pm and it's now 3:00 am. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. 
yesterday it is a wonderfull day but tomorow school 
I'm so sick.  Not going to school today.
Getting ready. At least this is the last week of school, but I still have an algebra final today  wish me luck!
Just woke up. I feel so sick  so I'm not gonna go to school today.
back in school again tomorrow for the continuation of our enrollment!!!!! 
ran 3 miles today, slow. But I did it! now school. 
summer school today  I wish i could just go to paris!
My baby graduates 5th grade tomorrow  i think he is catchin up to me in age!
Already today i saw some guy throwing up  into a trash can outside school 
@readergirl He had to start summer school today. 
So bored, going to school now. Ugghh, I hate school! Awww, oral report today. 
woke up really early... just took a shower. no school today!  but tons of homework 
im boreddddddddd school today and i have to swim 
kinda bored... got nothing to do  school tomorrow.. ahh 
Not in school cause i was going to my doctor... who isn't working today 
Aww, I wish I could go to school today cause I love this kind of weather 
got my yearbook today. they didnt put choir or peerhelpers in 
Watching the news. have to go to school later on today. 
up early doing some extra studying before my math final today. ughhh. school at 11. 
is loving the sunshine and the heat!!! so not sycked for school tomorrow 
Is in school revising to fail tomorrow 
@MiABP we are two aha i dont know what's happen to me but i'm so lazy  today I didn't went to school
no school for me today... this headache is a major killer 
summer school starts today 
missing @beccafinch because she didn't come to school today  practicaly sun bathed at school hahaha
had to go back to school today because there was an emergency with the senior paper  leaving now.
@emmacandlish boring i hate history  haha yours? do you go back to school tomorrow?? i do haha but i dont have to be in till 1.30 
today is boring...im off school and nobody is tweeting 
I'm going out now! And I've got school tomorrow.  I'm soo going to fall asleep in class!
getting ready to go back to school tonight 
I checked out of school today. I'm filled with sadness 
IS doing awsome  , tomorow school  ...
back at my mothers house.. &amp;about to going to bed and tomorrow back to school  xdemi
school was so different today, it actually didnt feel like school...  i miss my old timetable x 
got  in trouble at school today 
I am not looking forward to school tomorrow tbqh 
going to bed tomorrow long day first school then working... 
Dreading school tomorrow! 
Is off to bed now, cause I'm back in school tomorrow! That sucks!!! 
going to sleep now. almost 1 am, forgot about school tomorrow 
ah yay no school today, exams this friday! 
 and I think that's why I felt really sick and depressed in school today cuz of all the stress.. I'm glad I got that off my chest :/
I didnt go to school today  but i have too tomorrow  but at least im going to paiges graduation 
Grueling study for math test tomorrow... I hate school right now  I want enjoyable freetime! And a tennis court....
*sigh* summer school starts tomorrow 
yay school starts tomorrow!!! 
@theDebbyRyan exciting. i wish i was out driving around. haha, instead i'm confined to my room  school tomorrow, yuck
@xo_lululovesyou awwwwwww  are you going to school tomorrow ?
doesnt want to go to school tomorrow 
I wish I didn't have school tomorrow 
still awake  exciteddd for tomorrow after school 
Going to school today 
Aw, didn't go to school today. Finals tmr? 
:'( I feel sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sick it's unnacceptable :L I don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
off to school now,,  dont get home til 5 today, got detention after school   
Going back to work today  kinda bittersweet...like the first day of school LOL
is back to normal school days tomorrow  this sucks. math exam tomorrow 
this isnt going to be fun today............time to take the girls to school 
just got back from school *yawn* I burnt my finger in art today 
i hope i wake up for school tomorrow.. 
I don't wanna go to school today 
I don't wanna go to school today 
no QUT tomorrow. i have no way of getting back to school. i wish I could drive 
starting summer school tomorrow nightttt 
got another test tomorrow, unfortunately I left my book at school and can't practice 
i am really dreading school today 
Ahhh...so not in the mood for school today 
My fifth grader graduates today 
Using ubuntu 9.04, going to school tomorrow 
@stargrlshin  are you in school today?
is going to school tomorrow... 
have to go to school tomorrow again 
i cant stand school today! I'm so sad and tired 
very busy... school sucks. going to doctor tomorrow again 
tomorrow im going back to school 
no school today, graduate high school tomorrow 
tomorrow school again 
@ConstantDrones well. the end of school is on thursday and then we have to go back on friday for  graduation rehearsal 
school tomorrow is going to suck 
beddd.. graduation tomorrow. Its going to be sad now that i actually know many of the seniors. 
@MissionSixRox hopefully! well get some rest. i will talk to you tomorrow. get better i miss seeing you at school! 
@LaurenW812 what am i going to do while your gone tommorrow??  i hate summer school.........
awww tomorrow is my last day of high school!!!! this is rly rly rly sad!! 
After tomorrow, my last high school summer starts.  I don't feel old enough for this to happen.  
@2NiteBoy dunno... just don't feel well today  but I HAVE to go to school 'cause of the test :/
ughhh i dont want to go to school tomorrow  
got called fat 2 times today and got a school detention. 
damn if i would've stayed in the teaching program i could've gotten some cupcakes today  http://is.gd/MTOi
today my feelings were hurt at school 
school tomorrow...not looking forward to it  but got to go.
got school photos bak today  ugh  is all i can say
i'm still up at 1:00am and i have school tomorrow!! this sucks ass 
Getting ready for school. Its not sunny today.    
is so extremely tired and dosent want to go to school today 
tummy still hurts real bad, but weve got meetings today so i have 2 go 2 school! 
im talking to my friend. she is sick.   school was ok today
still sick, but off to school tomorrow.. 
I feel like crap so I'm not going to school today 
Why oh why do I have to go to school today  
Going to school soon  I want it to be 4pm.. and I hope my stuff come today to make me happy !
no school for me today. sooo sleepy! didnt sleep very much cuz of the heat  hope i feel better later..
@ school  6 other subjects left for today
morning everyone, getting ready for school and then going to get the bus. I have a spanish exam today  SHIT!!!!
school starts tomorrow 
Does not want to go to school today  But I'm going to have to . . .
at school :| i hate this....today i feel bad 
Off school today, not well and fainted a few times, been vomiting as well  ohh well got tiger on my g3 
Going to school  neuza's homework is going to be presented today 
It's raining. I hope there's no school tomorrow!! Pleassee. 
school  morning ppl i love leanna
man i dont wanna go to school today. i have a 200 question exam today. i have to stay in one classroom for six hours 
Heading off to school  Lots 'o Tests today
so tired today been at school the whole day workin hard while other people slack off  been at school from 8am to 6:45 pm.
I have twenty four books to return to school. I can't see myself getting them all in tomorrow. 
ahh . going to school on the damn bus .  . and it's drizzling . almost forgot to take out the trash . haha . cap and gowns today !
shall miss taping tomorrow...  darn school. hmph..!
@RosieLanexo oh. i had placement the last two weeks. I have to go to school tomorrow 
Up for school super tired! Finals today  I hope I do good...
Sickkkk, not going to school today. 
Is not wanting to go to school today  and is still feeling really sick.
i finally realized that high school was over today when i couldn't figure out how to refold a note i found. 
 ..i forgot to bring my new sharpie pens to school today..booo!
is at school  and has yearbook signings today!
at school, in science. no eye disection today 
@chickybarbwire that's cool! I'm supposed to go to school today, but I'm sick 
1:00pm | came home early from school today due to sore throat and fatigue  I might get a fever soon thanks to stress and work. yay...
off school ill today 
Getting up and waking up for school... ughhh.. Finals are today 
@kmwindmill is here ! woop woop , would be better if we didnt have to go to school tomorrow 
I cut my finger at school today &amp; now it stings 
I have 3 more minutes before i really have to get up and get ready for school!  i don't want to go to school today!
going to see my freind today was the last day of school!!!! but i cried  
wow the formal was horrible...graduation tomorrow have to be at school by 8,on a saturday 
lost wallet today :// so i lost school I.D., library card, &amp; 20 bucks  palm springs tomorrow &lt;3
Taking the sat tomorrow  no college will accept me. Haha.
I wish school was in session. Hopefully babysitting tomorrow will help. It stresses me out when mom cries. I wish I could help. 
wants to go to school on monday  http://plurk.com/p/ysx1m
There's school on monday  No changing that.
alex graduates from high school today.... exciting day for him....but i'm feeling a little sad  
@Schofe with you there phil.....today was my daughters school fair and it rained whole time!!!! 
Everyone is graduating today! Aww, making me think of my high school graduation. 
is excited to see her friends graduate tomorrow!!! But sad that there are only 5 days of school left. 
drama was good today, working towards a performance, unfortunately I can't be in coz I leave for tour with school band the night before 
Partyy tonight!! xD but tomorrow begins school  ... next week new guitar ... yayy &lt;33
going to bed. need to get up early tomorrow. last day before going back to school  should be good though
graduation tomorow is going to be hard. im getting sad just thinking about it and im not even graduating. 
wooah. it's late... or early? can't believe that i have to go to school tomorrow 
school starts tomorrow.... what a bummer!!! 
@ArinIsLove college business has gotten me busy a while. school starts tomorrow. and i'm bummed. 
bedtimeee tomorrow prepearing for the last week of school 
@HibaNick care on your way to work and when going home! enjoy yourself! tomorrow's monday.. I hate school... 
@ddlovato And this is my last weekend before school tomorrow.. 
I ain`t ready to hit school tomorrow 
is sick as...  won't be at school tomorrow cause of it, I have no doubts about that
oh boy! tomorrow school starts 
school's starting tomorrow.  goodbye summer!
i am so so so so badly sick today  i came back from school so quickly cuz my stomach was hurting me so badly 
says tomorrow school already  http://plurk.com/p/z12kx
I didn't go to school today .. I don't feel so well 
morning, again. school tomorrow 
so tired today.. and tomorrow back to school ... 
I'm trying to convince myself to do the rest of my homework... tomorrow school starts again 
Enjoying my sunday! school tomorrow 
last day off, back to school tomorrow  not good.
Shooting in a school today, brings back way too many memories of detention  http://twitpic.com/6tluz
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
wow.. i almost forgot that there's school tomorrow... 
aww... school starts tomorrow.  #SArmy
o-oh! tomorrow, first day of school is finally coming. Aww 
hey felaaz... so tomorrow i will go to school... my holidays are over and I'm so sad. here in germay all things are boring 
it's raining. yay. as long as it's dry tomorrow from 5.45-8.30 it's okay. i hate to work and ride to school in the rain 
i hate homework!but i have to do it now...tomorrow school 
am back home. it's really good. my head aches and i dont think i can go to school tomorrow 
how can my friends be so mean  school is going to be so hard tomorrow ! who am i going to talk too ?
Annnd back to school tomorrow 
Shopping in dundee, can't believe i have to go back to school tomorrow 
tomorrow's the first day of school. T_T .. have to wake up early... 
tomorrow fucking school again.. -.- sooooooo afraid because of the exams 
tomorrow school again 
going to bed... gotta wake up early... there's school tommorrow... nooooooooooo!!!!!!!! 
not going to school tomorrow 
Is sad I'm having to miss our high school graduation recognition today at church  Congratulations to all 6 of you!!!
i'm off to go to sleep!! school starts tomorrow.... 
lazing around today . back to school tomorrow. 
Does NOT want summer school to start tomorrow 
tomorrow back to school  and after school, learnin' -.-
I am lazy today...preparing for school is calling. 
just woke up.. don't want to go to school tomorrow. 
is not really looking forward to school tommorow 
learning for school. I think a write 2 tests tomorrow. 
frenzy was amazing !  shame about school tomorrow but ! 
not looking forward to NOT having to wake up for school tomorrow morning  its reallly over 
school's starting tomorrow 
tomorrow is monday  awww i dont want goo to school 
Coming back to school tomorrow 
i was wrong, there is school tomorrow 
can't believe i have to go back to school tomorrow!!  x
don't wannna go back to school tomorrow. shirt and tieee 
maths  french  i'm not looking forward to school tomorrow.
i feel depressed about having to go back to school tomorrow 
back to school tomorrow. 
well the school holidays are now over!! back to early mornings getting kids ready for school tomorrow 
today is sunday... meaning theres school tomorrow  noooo!
tomorrow i going to my school  and i go to volleyball
Dreading going back to school tomorrow 
its a really boring day tomorrow school 
dreading school tomorrow - ill 
And the sun is shining  tomorrow school again  kisses
school tomorrow   anyone help me on german homework? lol
tomorrow school i am not ready for it 
ahh, i'm bored! don't want to go to school tomorrow  xxxx
so tierdd, early night for me school tomorrow  america next month woopp
tomorrow school  good night guys
yesterday i was like &quot;yay vacations!!&quot; but no! i have school tomorro! 
school tomorrow  p.e first two ...but have to sit through an assemble first period :/
tidying room and getting school stuff ready for tomorrow. 
ahh! school tomorrow.... cannot be bothered 
Last day of high school tomorrow. 
why is my dad so grumpy ?? off I church.... school again tomorrow 
school tomorrow urghhh      i love posters (:   and i found my beatles badges, wooo! &lt;3
waiting for tomorrow   school almost out, and soon High school:S
back to school tomorrow. boo  i cba to start next year's work  x
I'm tired. going to bed right now. tomorrow school 
Has gotten rid of 2 kittens today. One more left   school starts back tomorrow
Not looking forward to school tomorow 
im not goin to school today. 
back to school tomorrow  starting yr13 work ,arghh !
i'm still sick, i have headache, i can't move my poor body, i have fever i think i have everything snif  i wont go to the school tomorrow
Dreading the start of summer school tomorrow.   
I do not want to go to school tomorrow 
I can't believe I'm going back to school tomorrow!!!! 
family guy then bed, school tomorrow 
can't wait for school tomorrow ahhh but I have to work on my speech. 
100th update!!!! and it has to stink... I just remembered I have school tomorrow!  I still need to do homework...
I'm going to bed now, school tomorrow 
no school tomorrow because of graduation! i'm gonna miss you seniors 
my daughter graduated from high school today! I'm only 40! I can't be that old!  sooooooo proud of her!
just watched Brothers &amp; Sisters again... now i'm going to sleep, school tomorrow 
fuckkkk, I have school tomorrow 
ugh,i start summer school tomorrow 
@ohjeezpaula heyy hows today beeen? yuckk. school. yuck, day two of finals--TMRW. 
Not doing much today, kids are home from school driving me crazy, bloody queens b&quot;day 
utterly exhausted &amp; still feeling sickish.  good thing no school tomorrow. counting down the days till friday!
want to go to school tomorrow. i know , its a first. ;p but i really dont feel well. 
school tommorow.yuck 
I'm not going to school tomorrow; sick 
wow haven't really tweeted for 2 days! ahha dang it. school suppose to start tomorrow but it's been moved. 
does not want to go to school tomorrow    
going to sleep---two more weeks of school left!---i really need to focus on my finals starting tomorrow 
i still don't feel the need for classes tomorrow. vacation was fun. i want to extend it more. 
so sad. I want to go to school tomorrow and see all my friends. 
just finished talking to alicia&lt;3  ugh.. school tomorrow. i thought it was minimum day 
good luck at school today emely  http://tinyurl.com/lxt9sr
Ugh summer school tomorrow 
dam weekend is over back to fucking school tomorrow...  good night bitches
yaaaay, no coursework done :| i thought i broke my arm this morning, paaaaain. need to get ready, school today D: balls. rubbish lessons 
Morning all, very sunny here, getting ready for the school run. Lots to do today, 
@hollyefronjonas lol i know huh. i'll show you at school tomorrow while we freeze our ass' off as we wait NOT in the common room 
going to bed have summer school today 
cant take the kids to '#school today... seems kate has taken the keys with her and so i wont be be able to get back in 
YYYYAAAYYY day off from school and exams tomorrow!!!! but it has to be spent studying ... 
UGH tomorrow school 
@missyanchi at 4pm  dont u have school today?
getting ready fer school. and ugh, i don't wanna go today! 
had a blood nose at school today 
@ramis92  your dad should do the washing, 6:30 is better than 5:30, I'm popping into school at 1pm today as well.
reallly sick, going to school  I just want today to go by reallyy fasttt!
Today is my last day of holiday.. so I'm back to school tomorrow  gotta get ready for my exams
@shaunjudy not too shabby, school is tomorrow though 
Everyones flipping out because some kid made a threat to shoot up the school today. So scary 
Last day of school and I am getting ready to move tomorrow. I will be without computer access for awhile 
huhuhu!!! school will start tomorrow!!!  
huhuhu!!! our school class will start tomorrow!!! 
Oh man! We need to wear school uniforms already starting tomorrow  bummer!
Starting summer school tomorrow... 
doesn't feel like going to school on thursday...  http://plurk.com/p/1130qj
dang, i dont want school tomorrow. i neeed the holidays already.. 
ugh. school tomorrow. have to sleep in a while. need to wake up early eh. 
This week would be much easier if school didn't start today 
Is going to regret not going to school tomorrow as i know im going to have to be mum's personal slave   !!
I don't want to go to school today 
is still working on an assignment  start school at 8:30 tomorrow till 3, then onto parent teacher interviews. finish at 6  i could u ...
I dislike driving school. Also i have like no plans today anymore 
is sick and started summer school today 
ewww, school again tomorrow 
sitting on my laptop bored, was off school today, and now got a major headache  xx
cant be bothered with school tomorow 
Bluuuh tomorrow i have sportday at school 
@CrAzYmAnGe mm .. tired.. its almost midnight .. and i have school tomorrow  but i cant sleep right now
morning!! back to school tomorrow. 
i have school tomorrow so i have to sleep now 
I do not want to go tomorrow to the school 
school is over!!! yeahh now all i have are regents  i cant wait for tomorrow
&quot;6 students beaten last night in the dorm died today. they were from my university. we wore black today  #iranelection (repost from iran)
Has to back to school tomorrow  I need encouragement.
okay goodnight now, I have school tomorrow 
tomorrow school again 
i just realized... today was my last monday at school!! i'm emo-ing over graduation and the leaving friends behind and all that... 
going to put some cotton tea on my eye because its red  then off to my bed, tomorrow school again
tomorrow: back to school 
Still can't believe that school starts tomorrow.   
going to bed, school tomorrow  goodnight
I didn't go to school today  I'm tired and I hate doing qcs.. The most boring thing ever !!!!
my baby graduated pre-school tomorrow   He is growing up to fast, I need another one to slow things down again.
 There was already like, no one in school today thoughhhhhhh
wow. i am so tired. wish i could sleepin in....but i have school tomorrow 
tomorrow, school again 
I cannot believe my 2 little ones will be done with kindergarten tomorrow. 
Is back to school tomorrow 
im bored. i didnt go to school today 
well today was intense and very tiring, also it was my last day of school  goodbye!! but i did win an amazing award ^^
7 hrs of summer school tomorrow 
starting cosmotolegy school tomorow  ugg i have to wake up early 
sickk (N) had yesterdayy and today off school;P   but missing every1 
Why can't the weather stay the same? I went to school today thinking it's going to be sunny and left school looking like a drowned rat! 
I love @lisawiy!! get back from geography camp soooooooon!  you missed sooooo much at school today!........ (that's a lie  )
On my way to see about getting a bus, aren't children at school today? oh joy 
right i'm ready for school! just waiting for stace to come. got my science exam today  cause i was away when everyone did them!
I really can't be bothered with school today 
its too cold  athletics carnival tomorrow
I have to go back into school today, sucks to be me 
i have to go to school for science revision  tomorrow is my final day wooo 
@MakerOfShadows I didn't ddo school today so I am now 
US regents today. bleh. have to be in school all day for an exam that starts at 12.  wish me luck!
it's very boring today...  we just had to answer questions about our school...
last full day of school today, then two finals .. ugh 
awake lalala. probably going to school today even though i'm still sick. 
i have to go to school today!!! 
good morning. school  its almost over though so thats good
I'm so tired I don't wanna go to school today 
ugh school tomorrow effing hell 
Going shopping today with my mom, But...first I have to finish a school lesson 
man i don't wanna be here today   exam tonight for chem.  and no time between work+school to refresh my mind
school again.  we have a test today. don't think i'm ready for it...?
I'm only working in one school today!! yaayy... I have the afternoon off... The problem is that i don't know what to do with it 
doesn't want to go back to school tomorrow 
i don't want to go to school today 
hanging for after school tomorrow just to see him 
still has to go to school and no one's here.  but today, i'm picking up lvatt and prob getting a new phone finally!  superr excited!
still has to go to school and no one's here.  but today, i'm picking up lvatt and prob getting a new phone finally!  superr excited!
ooh, i didn't went to school today.. i'm sick 
hmph. :[ vacation's officially over. school starts tomorrow. 
At summer school. I feel like shit today. 
Doing lots of boring school work that needs to be in tomorrow 
no school today, and i'm up at 8:30. you have ggoott to be kiiddiingg me 
@lettycheung 12:49 am! i have school tomorrow 
tomorrow school again e.e 
@kylahortaleza Why are u still up man?? Haha. I'm still not going to school tomorrow. 
 tomorrow, it would be the school stroll; I wont go..
Laying in bed trying to sleep because tomorrow school again  sooooooo boring!!!!
I didn't go to school today, i couldn't wake up early. now i'm disapointed with myself 
going to a baseball game! hayss....whatever! school's almost over! so sad! it's our last lunch in middle school tomorrow! 
... Still ill  ... But im not going to go to school until thursday
I poped a vessel in my humb today while playing african drums at out school. It rlly hurts 
at school really tired. i cbf with school today  its draining.  i need a smoke so bad 
I miss my boyfriend  haven't talk to him today but in school
back is killing me  last full day of school tomorrow! jacqui's coming over to study for the history &amp; math finals for thursday.
Just got bacl from ftbl summer school tomorrow 
i'm sick for the 3th time, not going to school tomorrow, only going to do the math test 
tomorrow is the last day !  i don't want school to be over 
Last day of middle school tomorrow, and earth science exam  blah text.
back from school early after having lunch with friends in willi. winter concert tomorrow...  7:30pm if you want to come 
borring today, in my school 
well um, i guess im coming into school tomorrow 
Ugh, forgot I have to go back to school tomorrow to hand up psych homework 
yay last day of school tomorrow, and then a super long rehearsal on friday 
has double maths tomorrow  but is happy that school is almost over for the semester
have a terrible headache today  still have to go to school and write that silly arts test -.-
take my shower 'cause today, i've school (: 
@andyclemmensen you called me today but because i live in w.a i was still in school  please can you call me again? xxx
school tomorrow and they are changing the periods around so now i dont get P.E prack 
son is off school today due to flare up of his condition, must be so miserable! 
@carlylive i wish i could be at school today too, but i'm not allowed 
im going to school!!! physic avaliation today 
yesterday was sooo good. wish i didn't have to go to school today though 
getting ready for school. last finaal test today!! all i ate since yesterday at 7am is jello, yogurt, applesauce, and a little pastina. 
Feeling ill so no school for me today 
summer school today 
Happiness is not walking to school today. 
No school for me today.  I'm really sick!!!   
Doesnt want to go school tomorrow, but i have to!  x
my favorite kid didn't come to school today. who's gonna nap with me? 
Wow it didn't feel like my Brithday at school today cos I had 4 hours straight of sitting in that exam hall. 
once agains schools sucks today 
at school...sad,no venipucnture today   ...iTunes
missed the school bus today! had to walk quite far in the horrible rain  school show was well good though 
i hope a big earthquake hits today so i don't have to be at school no mores. 
btw school people,  am not at school today because i have suspected glandular fever 
about to go to school  but the good thing is that i will be getting a call from short stack today AWW YEAHH! 
Meeting the design group today... I thought I could avoid school for at least a bit longer 
got my dress for graduation yesterday. it's cute. I don't wanna leave high school. last day = tomorrow 
last day of school tomorrow! i don't know what to think... i think i'm kinda.. sad 
just realized that i don't have class til 6 tomorrow, but still has to go to school early to study and do a research paper 
@arseniarawrr i feel sooo bad though, all of us end school tomorrow, well basically todaay, and he ends in a week. 
i am goin to sleep,tomorrow to boring school 
well, i think i'll go to sleep now. i dont want to  but school's waiting me tomorrow, so ... see ya later. i need to wake up at 6am :|
is happy tomorrow is the last day of school  not looking forward to math final. i barely remember it all 
@BernatMommy haha ! it wont be for at least 2 years  believe me, if it wasnt for my fmaily and school, i would leave tomorrow ..
I'm tired bout to sleep I got school tomorrow 
i feel so gross why does my mom have to be so weird about noise! going to bed school tomorrow...wish i knew what he was thinking 
We don't finish school early tomorrow 
does not want to go to school today 
off to school. double tech today  ima fail! haha. xx
last ever school photos today  At least they were good ones
i am not going to school today 
Not going to school today, i'm ill 
today is the end of the school year.. I'll miss  :*:*:*
school again tomorrow 
hates not being able to seat down on long train rides.  and he hopes that his laptop gets discharged by today or tomorrow. The school  ...
maths exam didn't go well. i think i have a lot mistakes   A really busy day in school today. so i'll tweet u this eveneing. keep tweeting
im sick..missed school yesterday and today  
will be a lonely day at school tomorrow- why do you asians have to leave 
getting ready to go and watch tv... i dont want to go to school tomorrow! 
I just woke upss. Getting readyy then school &amp; I gotta make up two tests today ? 
On the train going to school gotta take 2 regents today smfh  &gt;:O.
didnt go in college today, heeaaddaachhee.  i had 2 weird dreams last night 
going into school at 9:20 to take my math final and leave. I just want summer already!  One last final tomorrow and I'm done!
off to school...only one class today XD....be home after 11:30...only to study for my psych final tomorrow 
I love coming home early after school. Too bad my school day won't end till 5:30 tomorrow. 
All my exams are done for school! But now I have to go shopping today for a suit for grad 
Not feeling that well today, off school 
feels that she won't be able to go to school tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/11ws3q
Not at school today- ill  no one is online and i am sooo bored. x
@cinn_T  try! for me hahaha I better get some sleep haha I'm completely stuffed (N) and school tomorrow eeugh ceebs haha
didnt go school today either arghhh i need to talk to my bestfriend but no contract 
I'm really bummed that I'm missing my little one's school party today, but I can't risk going in there. 
This is the #threadless shirt I would wear tonight if I had it: http://shortna.me/fb6a3 It's barely the start of school and now homework. 
Hey all &lt;33  the school stop`s tomorrow ....  I'm going to miss all my friends and teachers!
At school ,. last day , so sad , rose ceromony tomorrow   &lt;/3
today is the seniors graduation at my school...couldnt go 
school tomorow is going to be gayyyyyyyyyyyyy. grrrrrr so is training 
CONGRATS little sis for graduating from elementary school today, wish i was back home for it 
finshed school!! dreading tommorow  stiffler is leavin
I can't concentrate... help me  stupid school.... two test tomorrow
I've slept since about 4 today, tweeting inbetween and I'm still not feeling better. I don't want to go to school tomorrow 
dont want to go to school today 
@Kimmiewhimmie i'm missin school too, was there today...and realized how much fun it is when we're all there. 
is sad to say goodbye to her first student teacher today  she has been SO great!
I remembered today why I don't go to school with a migraine. Because I get nothing done and I forget things easily. 
i left school early today, seems i am a fool 
tiiiiiiiiiiiired, don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
was late to school today... so i didnt get my report 
tomorrow is the last day of school...  i gonna miss my friends so much!!!!
last day of school tomorrow 
Last day of school tomorrow. 
graduation tomorrow the rehearsal was not fun 
thinks i wont be able to go to school today. ive got loads of reading and papers to do  http://plurk.com/p/121xya
last day of school today. didn't get to say goodbye to susanne yday  &lt;3
came bck late from school today, tired.  http://plurk.com/p/1232tt
still trying to decide what to wear tonight :\ getting ready for school now 
time to get some rest finally...I have traffic school tomorrow... 
Bracing myself for flood of students coming in for their grades today. About 700 of them 
officially leaving school today! 
I don't wanna go to school today 
Donuts with daddy day at school today 
i last exam today  i left school now.. its so sad 
Oh i'm going to be REALLY late to school today. 
today is the olimpic games in mu high school but i don't go because i have to go to de doctor 
had to stay off school today as i have to rest it!  :S
took forever to get to class today because of middle school graduation!  #squarespace
@STARCITYNOBS awwww.. u moviing??  well ii know iits prob for school so that makes iit better... yeah ii have to work tomorrow 
hey hey  hey! i wus sick yesturday and today i felt fine but my dad didnt let me go to school i missed yearbooks 
I couldn't go to the convivence in the school today, and I wanted go!  I'm sad
went to hamilton today for a burger compition my school didnt win how sad 
managed to get one project done today, and carving of the first half of the next... going to school again tomorrow, but at 9am lol 
soooo tired. goin to sleep. still have school tomorrow 
I'm absent for today in our school's evangelization seminar because I have fever  and I hate it when I have fever!!! seriosly!!!xo
good morning. i have school today. darn. 
transformers 2 was released yesterday, dying 2 see it but my babysitters are away  lol  see it monday probably wen they in school
kindergarden summer party rockz. especially if it's cold &amp; raining like today 
woaaah :O i'm up and ready to go to school (?!!!) my stomach is really hurt i can't even walk. can i excuse for today? i guess not 
Biggest decision today: save the last dance of high school musical. I wanna say I chose the former...but I'd be lying 
Biggest decision today: save the last dance or high school musical. I wanna say I chose the former...but I'd be lying 
Watching high school musical with maddie contemplating going to church tomorrow. I'm still just not feeling well 
just realized that tomorrow is the start of school!!! WTH. 
was playing around with her pictures from her camera she took this morning...school tomorrow...  
poopieee. the weekend is so fast. tomorrow, school again. 
@daniellewasall i wish my backyard was!!! ps: a night wasted  wish i could. i have school tomorrow 
listening to my favorite songs, and trying to learn for my test tomorrow... stupid school 
just finished work! school tomorrow. the weekend went so quick! 
just got back from batangas. i feel so lost. :| haha. school tomorrow. 
does not want to go to school tomorrow 
so sick. may not be in school tomorrow 
not well enough to got o school tomorrow i dont think  bummer
Tired and don't want to go to school tomorrow! 
so it's nearly 10pm. better go to bed now. school tomorrow 
sunshine, and tomorrow school again  But only two weeks!
aww . skul tomorrow bunch of school works 
don't want to school tomorrow 
should i or should i not go to school tomorrow?  im not feeling well. 
I think I acctuley have no goto school tomorrow  crreepy sounds out my window right now!!!!!!!!!!
OH NO! The trip is delayed so I'm being forced to go to school tomorrow 
i need to go to bed now. goodnight everyone. ugghhh school tomorrow  ciao.
Auwm i realized school tomorrow  kinda happy yet sad cause our sched. is so hectic!
just cannot wait for school tomorrow    want summer to start right now
i have school again tomorrow. 
in bed listening to music , school tomorrow (technically today) mmm can't get to sleepppp 
hmf, school tomorrow  dyed my hair black and changed my fringe :-| x
not seeing @XEmzie_RetardX tomorrow  school trip.
tommorow school again  im so ready for holidays !
the weekend is almost over  doing some schoolwork... I really don't want to go to school tomorrow ... -.-
maths exam tomorrow, then im done with school foreverrrrrrr. its kinda sad really  i dont want to leave...
tomorrow is school again 
urgh college tomorrow 
Going offline now, half 10, school tommorow, Bummmer 
am i the only one not going to school tomorrow ? :|  mrsmcwhat'serface might eat me if i dont hand my books in but i srsly cbb going in 
@Blanie you went to school today??? :O come tmrw. ;) I have band. be ungrounded already! 
staying in my room...oooh i dont like being sick..i going to miss the elections at school today.. 
sooooo im going to sleep now  tomorrow i have to go to school!! good night
headache  figuring out my school schedule for registration tomorrow
startin summer school at ATDP tommorow 
aww, last exam today. byyyyyyyye school 
I'm just gone. then learn a little bit and then sleep. tomorrow last day at school 
me+pain=death at school tommorrow. 
today was the last school day! I'm so sad.. I'm not good at saying goodbye to someone 
don't wanna go to school tomorrow, but i have to..! 
summer school blows. no fun today 
tommorrow's last day of school gonna miss everybody  i don't want school to end....
going to megans after school then got to help with the school show at night so i probs wont tweet tomorrow  unless i hack into
i don't want to go to school tomorrow  it's so boring, but i can go by scooter, so that's already better =D
might watch a dvd, got school tomorrow  getting up early ... :/ only half day though x
not looking forward to school tonight 
my teacher was not today     back soon '-'
dammit I didn't bring money to school today! 
@adreamforsteph i emailed him. speech is tomorrow for me. jade had him for class today. she liked it. i failed math and have to retake. 
gettin' ready for bed... have school tomorrow 
I'm so sad today was the last day of school  but I'm hapy to go to graduation tomorrow!!
Just woke up ! Not looking faward to school as I have double buisness studies and double chemistry today  wish me luck 
sick  missed school today (
Not going to school today, not well 
My dtr is graduating high school today, moving out on her own this fall 
nan coming over today, but my brother s still off school 
last day of school tomorrow bitches 
doesnt wants to go to school tomorrow 
@nurdayana ala thought there was a gudang  tomorrow at school then?
i dont know how i'm gonna get up early for school tomorrow 
hey everybody going to get my little girls school uniform today she's starting junior infants this year they grow up so fast 
had to go home from school today, too sick to be there apparently. oh well, i still feel like crap 
is sick and thinks she can't go to school tomorrow. 
Should i go to school or not tomorrow?? 
GOod morning!! school today 
just got sucked in to taking @petrinagatsos to school tomorrow morning. was planning on a sleep in 
; hating sunburns, and hating that I woke up on school time  ; tomorrow !!!! Celllllll
@work until 6. then writing papers for school tomorrow 
I just got home from school, super tired. but still needs to study for tomorrow's classes. huhu  goodluck to me
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow!  At least, it's half dayy!
actually, gonna leave noooooow. @sherrymusic see you at school tomorrow. please please get well.  i missed you at school today. haha
@sherryxmusic see you at school tomorrow. please please get well.  i missed you at school today. haha
Going to whitewater today. Should be fun with little middle schoolers 
I have to go to school today? 
graduating today, ehhhh not very exiting  i shall miss school (but i hope they'll give me my art projects back :S)
It's too damn hot to be waiting on a bus! I don't wanna go to school today 
I`m waiting for finishing school ... tomorrow it will end forever 
starts summer school today 
Ugh I really don't want to go to school today. 
day off school tomorrow, so happy. I wont have to run 4km.  
not going to school today. 
 im not going to school today!
awwww  tomorrow  must go back to school -.- what for a pit
might not be going school tomorow 
school tomorrow I'm scared 2 go &amp; I'm hainga lovely bubble bath &amp; how do u use the @ thing kinton 
i just said goodnight to my brother who has to get an early start for school tomorrow  gosh life is hard
I have zero day left till I go back to school tomorrow 
is very excited for school tomorrow! 
tomorrow there's school. both  and D:
Yeees  It`s great. But tomorrow we have to go to school.
watching law &amp; order c.i marathon. i woke up at 9am to a yummy bagel.  movies later. school tomorrow 
In form today  only tired of school
getting ready for bed...school tomorrow..so excited 
no school tomorrow whoohoooo 
Knowing that im not going to school tomorrow makes this night all the more sweeter 
nothing school today! and shopping this afternoon??? 
hey everyone !today i didnt go to school coz i had a dental appointment lol 
Just got up. I have an eye appointment later today :/. Then going to school to see everybody. 
@jacksper oh that's good. If I knew how to bake i would've made you a cake  No school for me today so Yay.
@ivannaiskookoo Yes I was at school when we talked earlier today (last night for you). 
just woke up, gotta go to school, then i have track and rehersal untill 5 today , 
going to school &amp; hopefully wont break out in hives today. Getting back to dance tonight 
@jayseetoo Watching the kiddo get on the school bus today - not much else too exciting 
@kezzibugx3 haha whoaaa thats awesome  haha  tomorrow at your school you'll be laughing the whole time haha 
Goodmorning!  Blaah, today i need to do some homework to school. where is the sunshining waether there was yesterday?!
@torehtard aw, i feel special :3 i was probably reading when i should've been doing homework  and we have school tomorrow! &gt;.&lt; dnw.
@KIMMAAY lol  have fun at school tomorrow *giggles*
will win. ill be angry if she does. i think rove is better. school tomorrow. 9.6-9.9 wont be there 
will win. ill be angry if she does. i think rove is better. school tomorrow. 9.6-9.9 wont be there  less crowded coridoors!!!
@threadlesswoman Can you bring the precal notes to school tomorrow? Pretty please! 
@ilyriley no school either today  Except I feel sickies 
hey guys gotta go to bed...school tomorrow! (uhg) talk to you all then! hugs! 
its 10:30 i should probably go to bed. school tomorrow. but nahh i will just sleep through school  listening to taylor swifts cd 
I'm so not looking forward to school tommorow. 
really dont want to go to school tomorrow... but only 11 more days of high school! yes!....... 
has a spanish oral tomorrow..hope it goes well  Then I am officially through with school! ...just gotta wait for grades
@JennyGPA and i know, that would be horrible! D: haha, well i have to go to bed...school tomorrow, ugh lol! ttyl! 
im not in the mood to go to school but whateverrrrr haha, attempt 7 today! 
Deffently nooot going to school tomorrow 
school tomorrow  i want summer.&lt;3
just woke up, no school today, we are free 
at school... can't wait to get  out of here today...get my tattoo at 3 
1/2 day tomorrow  carla coming over after school.
going to shower because i don't want to smell at school tomorrow 
No school today - Not because of &quot;H1N1&quot;, but because a natural gas line broke on the interstate. RIDICULOUSNESS. 
gettin ready for school my new converse come in today! 
school then the used concert tonight!! 
i can be a good girl at school.. today i was!! i did it!! yayy 
no school today! that's greeeeeat! 
learning french @AnneSchroeder19 funy school-day today  don't be mad about english :*:*
ey twitters! home again from school, and i'm still cold. and i haven't planned nothing today.. just take it easy 
@Iamlegend01 u don't have school today???? 
on the way to nanny  school starts tomorrow! one step closer to being a teacher!
Going to school =[ I'm actually not so tired today tho 
Getting ready for school...hope today is a happy and awesome day 
Goingg to school today 
@jessicacolon My son is back at school today - feeling much better. He wasn't too sick...he didn't stop eating! 
Why am I still away at 4am? Cos I don't have school tomorrow, that's why. 
My lesson is finally done for tomorrow morning. I am looking forward to speaking to the high schoolers on dating. 
uploading photos. ughhhh, i have to go to school early tomorrow. fml. but woo excursion. i win 
those secondary school cooking lessons came to good use today. I made shepherd's pie for my mama. 
getting ready to leave school on wednesday 
@UniqueGuitarist Had parent teacher thing yesterday!! So boring going to skl on saturday!!  lol
It feels like a school night. It sort of is, I guess, w/me having to go to school tomorrow to do stuff, but it's a weird feeling. 
Going to school tomorrow with my new hair 
Attending a graduation tomorrow for a very special person 
great weekend! again!  school tomorrow though 
back to school tomorrow! track meet in darien...hahahah oh boy! 
hey!!!!  lol i dont want to go to school tomorrow!  but...... i get to wear my new clothes!!! yay!!! 
coughing is no fun. :/  i hate getting sickk.  i'm still going to school tomorrow.  haha.
About to go to bed school tomorrow then hanging out with my boyfriend  hopefully it will be an okay week
Doesn't want to go to school tommorrow, but I got the daree 
the good part about this is that i won't go to school tomorrow 
@rawr_9 i probably wont think so tomorrow when i go to school at 8. go me 
Looking forward to my high school gathering tomorrow 
school party today 
not in the mood for school, luckily its thursday  though 
at school. hope today is a good day 
SO not going to school today. I official fail at school life. x) But I have to go tomorrow. 
going to bed... church in the morning and hanging out with the wonderful youth kids tomorrow! 
today's my brother's music school(?) graduation, going soon 
sooo tired and sore. and for once i'm actually excited for school tomorrow 
I love my bed. And I love how I have no school tomorrow. And I love my shutter shades. And I love my parents. 
I was about to ask what the hist/eng homework was for tomorrow, then I remembered I have no school this week. result 
so glad theres no school tomorrow 
Still sick from respiratory virus I have, looking forward to seeing friends at school tomorrow! 
@sofdlovesbsb lol, thanks!  At least there's bsb radio to look forward to, and no school tomorrow! 
@Lynaarchuleta I'm good, but school's tomorrow again... and I don't want to go there  lol and you?
school then pantherettes tryouts tomorrow 
just got home and I'm dead tired. ugh....I don't wanna go to school but I might see him tomorrow 
@kirstyrawrr i ish sick too, didnt go to school today 
BOooYaaah no school today 
chillin on school. match today! 
yeah  no school today, but math exam tomorrow :|
looking forward to tomorrow - day off school 
On my way to dunkin donuts~ I'm so excited for the trip today  and I've never been this early to school! ???
Going to enroll at school tomorrow..... haha.... 
good morning! no school tomorrow! 
teacher's strike tomorrow  what more could I ask for? 
school's out for today!! 
I'm starting my class today, but I'm also going to the high school afterwards to do some much needed practicing on a marimba 
Kids are excited about a day off tomorrow. How come there was no teacher strike when i went 2 school? Not fair 
Whoohooooo... today no school  YEAHH
So I'm not going to school today lol 
it's mopey monday with my 4yr son.  didn't want to go to school today  but all is good now.  
goes into school today at 10:30 because jrs. have some bio testing. yayy 
@GSRsara4eva1623 i'm so glad i didnt have school today  i love sleepin' in 
yay i didn't miss my final for school.. i get to take it today and hopefully do good 
I'm so friggin bummed that i can't go to knotts berry farm today, on the bright side i still don't have to go to school 
Is sooo happy there is no school today!!  yays!!
woke up early. school in ten mins. ughh  atleast i finish at 2 today.
just woke up.so tired.today's no school  so I have to go to my violin lessons that's boring. we have such a nice wether ;)
Ive just got out of bed! Kids are off school today... woke to beautiful sunshine! Its all good 
@LisaHopeCyrus Haha  do you have school off today?
Actually things he did pretty good in his politics exam today, wrote a good 9 pages so I is happy  #politics #exam #school #aqa
school today  yes I put a happy face after that.
is off school today! 
Is going to see my best pal graduate from nursing school today...got the airhorns ready 
Wow it's already fridaay yesss  Elections at school today!!
no school today! going 2 the beach 
After today theres ONE more normal week of school (: And I get my yearbook today 
sooo im going to the zoo tomorrow with my school and im kinda excited  
So i really don't think that i'm going to school tomorrow, but have fun. 
today sucked so bad and its ending in pain but i'll deal and i get to see micky in school tomorrow yay 
goodnight. no school tomorrow or the day after i need to be well rested before and after gradnight.  chyeah.
going to sleep!! tomorrow I will go to the school 
tomorrow is my last day of school 
last day of school tomorrow  sen10rs!!
Last day of school, tomorrow, for me!!!  
Off to school, having my last biology test today! :9 And after that 3 days off! EYYY thats something I can like!!!!! 
youth tonighhtt wew  and i officially made 150 cupcakes for tomorrow so beat that people!!!  it got me a day off school
@Gisellecannom  Haha okay ill bring some to school tomorrow.  we can share.
Omw, today is the last friday of school, its kinda sad. i will miss my freshman year of high school. 
