Most common words for this cluster:
[('school', 1833), ('way', 85), ('im', 70), ('teacher', 64), ('na', 56), ('lol', 50), ('haha', 47), ('friends', 47), ('work', 34), ('summer', 32), ('amp', 32), ('monday', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'school', 0.9124362468719482), (u'elementary', 0.7300027012825012), (u'schools', 0.6836870908737183), (u'shool', 0.6704250574111938), (u'teacher', 0.6447388529777527), (u'kindergarten', 0.6445916295051575), (u'eighth_grade', 0.6358168125152588), (u'Sun_Danyong_graduated', 0.6333872079849243), (u'students', 0.6314281225204468), (u'schoool', 0.6305602788925171)]





Going to school soon... can't find anything to wear!! gosh it's so hard 
Mraow, I feel like dancing, but first art school wants to rape me some more. 
@endearingevania I sure wish I could go with you guys tmrw. But as per usual, school interferes. 
I miss my friends from elementary and middle school 
is going to school to do dt 
school. and errands. without will  and that's the sad part
is NOT sleeping ....damnit. T-minus 4 hours and counting until i have to get the kids up for school 
school suxxx. wish i was on tourny again 
G'day. At the evil highschool right now 
@sminchin1977 sorry to hear you're unwell.  It's the school holiday syndrome again 
i hate being awake!  going to school, western civ presentation andn a really awesome lunch.
school  whats up with this snow?
feelin sick.  can't slow down though...school, other school, rehearsal, tennis match, rehearsal again.
okay wow apparently my bus already went by. now i have to walk like two miles to my school 
At the school for the disttict track meet. I don't wanna go 
Is absolutely sick of riding the bus, sick of school and sick of living so far from the church. what an attitude!!! 
is getting ready, then school! tooo early 
I hate our student teacher, mrs. rolls 
so looks like i'll be going to school 
blow drying my hair and getting ready to go to school 
They are out of breakfast at school.  i want my smoothie
Please don't call school off. 
was at school before 7:00 this mornin 
i am getting ready for school start a 8:00 not in your seat by 8 your tardy! 
is pretty sure someone is eating in the bathroom stall. that's really high school of them and kind of sad 
heading to school after 11. sisters sick 
I so do not want to be awake right now  boo school!
school/english course damn  (46 dias *-* )
Of course now that I'm at school I feel shitty again. Such is my life. 
@tgaband my school doesnt have spring break because they went on strike 
ahh doing homework :@ school holidays nearly over 
@lessthanthrees lucky you, i have to go back to school on monday 
art is calling! easter almost over school on tuesday 
school resumes this monday. gaaah. 
I miss school and my friends 
finding it tough to do school work/planning/marking, as having been ill most of easter i'll get hardly anything i need to do done 
@NGowers u think u have got it bad! They start school at 745am here and I walk him to school 20mins away! Just the thought! 
$475 just to apply to my dream school. just to send in an application. 
@DaveMalby I've watched kids go from normal weight to obese when the only change was getting fastfood for bkfst before school 
Doing freaking tally sheets for my survey project  I wish I would have finished this in school and didn't have to do a bs chart
@cathyjo who needs a school library that is set for the 21st century? 
@daracaitlin I'm shooting for the law school banquet 
reading the island of red earth by elizabeth haran... i don't rlly lk it but ive 2 read it 4 skool  by the way school's starting in on ...
reading the island of red earth by elizabeth haran... i don't rlly lk it but ive 2 read it 4 skool  by the way school's starting in on ...
@mynameisDELLA i know dont want to go to school 
@sdmart I heard!  yeah I've been sick as a dog   and school is killing me right now.
@nusshkazn the same bird that told everyone at school? 
i use to be a fast reader until school started! it's taking me forever to finish breaking dawn 
don't want to go back to school  lauren is back 
@RawrItsLaur513 lmfaooo, idk everytime i`m out of school. I go to sleep reeeeal late. But on monday im going back to school  i hate school
@JohnFinn I go to school in cheney.. nothing exciting.. 
i hate homeworks, i don't wanna go to school on monday 
I have decided to come to this school despite my very disappointing experience 
just got back from the footy... school tomorown 
dont want to go back to school 
Eeeeek..!! back to school on tuesday 
@dvntownsend i am frequently forced to watch the utter pap that is 'high school musical' due to the 8 year old daughter 
i dont want to go to school on monday 
dont want to go back to school 
frikin school tomoz no i h8 every1 who goes there and the only person i lyk is in qld 
@loser1830 that's pretty cool. i've been out of school for like 2 years now  gotta go back! what else have you been up to?
back to school 2moz 
so tired. back to school 2moz 
x_tara me tooo!! holidaysss are the best. so not looking forward to school 
i feel like getting my drink onnnnnn and dancing up a storm.  damn law school!! 
I need more motivation for school. Writing a paper and figuring out my options for next semester 
learning for shool 
@yourmyoxygen omggg i know, ive been tryna appreciate the holidays, sept i going back to school tonmorrow 
@chelseachua like i want to go!  i hate school. 4 periods of physics. someone save me.
@zeddessarts i know... and it gets worse school starts on tuesdays (crying) 
cant believe breaks over..not wanting to go back to school 
Trying to print out an apology letter to a school 
@Rachealblack110 me too  I have a really hard school, so I'm not gonna be on much because of homework 
finished studying chem! ready to sleep but not yet sleeping haha. my parents are not back yet!! the level camp form is still unsigned 
cba with school the morra 
im tired and now i have to learn for school 
Holidays are nearly over and we all have 2go to school again..man that sucks 
not quite feeling school anymore 
great i have school tomorrow and i have maths pe science french english and geography and i have to get up early i acctualy hate school 
back to school, exams and the like 
relaxing kids go back to school 2morrow 
not looking forward to school again on tuesday  @alwayspureblood good luck!! lol
@pfspleen ha ha, I am much better than any man!!! Although I'm not too good with databases and that's all we have at school 
not more helping with the school play!  well at lest i got community service points!! woohoo!!
im online but i find txting much more amusing. school tMrw..! 
@mrpeaseblossom report me away! getting kicked out of school sounds like a pretty attractive option right now. seriously. 
is playing with photoshop... i need a teacher  ! i suck at it .. haha
Guess I got to go to school now 
I hate having to switch my phone to silent. It means I'm back in school 
Oh man, I'm going to miss back-to-school gossip. 
@deannaelyse ya i'm gettin sleepy. Not lookin forward to going back to school! 
 , school! GrRr im not in the mood to take my make up back off then put it on again when the teachers leave!
On my way to school in about less than and hour  i don;t like school seein' as i dint do my coursework mwahahahahha! 
it's hard 2 get back to &quot;school&quot; after pesach's holiday 
 not a happy bunny today i have to go to school in 6 mins .........school sucks!
Spring break is over.  .So back to school hoping to find my little students all rested and ready to learn.
nothing much school tomozo  
It should be a crime to make kids get up thusbearly to go to school 
It should be a crime to make kids get up this early to go to school 
i wish you could go to school in your pajamas 
coulda been done soo long ago... i suck at school. 
woah this is the earliest i've been up all holidays have no-one to go out with thou theyre all back at school 
is back in school  A lot has happened to me since I last posted on twitter in school
i am tooo tired - i really can't be bothered to go to school tomororow and i don't understand twitter - it's odd 
hello? we got school tomoz  i so dont want to go
At school with @Audexia &amp; @_dvb_ 
god damn,i do NOT want school 
is doing her homework   ,back to school 2moz   
does not want to go to school. plus its cold outside 
on my way to school 
wishes she wasn't in school housing so she could foster/adopt needy animals. 
im up now. gettin ready 4 school. 
great, not only do i not feel good,i have school.no more spring break 
I have a break at the moment and listen to music. and later, I must return to school ... I hate chemistry 
On my way to school  I rlly dnt wana go
 driving to school without justin texting me.. What a lonely morning
 spring break is over way too early... now i have to back to &quot;school&quot; 
is hoping and praying that some how the school burnt down to a pile of ashes and I don't have to go.  its not going to happen ayee.
Getting ready; offf to schoool 
almost at school. got stuck behind a recycling truch for a bit though 
Oh the joys of school 
eww i got to go to school again.. 
well im at school now. missing my laptop like mad. 
Wants go go outside but everyone is at school 
is still not up but i needed a lie in before we go back to school 
school was boring, and full of weirdos 
ughh.mom signed me out of school.i feel so ickkyyy  there/is/hope(:
It's raining it's pouring the old man is snoring......I do not want to go to school in this weather 
On my way to school 
I lost my favorite pen that i've been using since I started back @ school in '07 
school....I must go  adios, chicas.
So damn lazy I need to walk to the library to print stuff! I wanna do something fuckk school 
In school trying to program a whole program in 45 minutes 
ganna go  pick my brother and sister from school  No school ans its monday !!! 
getting ready for school... blahh... dealing w/ a sunburn 
On my way to school!! 
I don't want to go to school  I hardly got any sleep.
in school   4.20 thou so its all good 
@courtneypaula how was it starting back to school?just sitting in the lib and its sooo sunny outside 
@nsalassi i know such a shame to waste it at school. 
My holidays are over,I'm doing my homeworks now..you guys really don't know how difficult school in germany is..it's hard!! 
Man i hate school   want to be in reno already!!
Is crazy how shool changed so much i remember when I was in high school we were inocent but that is not cool anymore! so sad 
im still at school  preparing hard...
On my way to school...still feel unwanted 
@DonnieWahlberg just sitting in school wondering if it is all worth it 
have to go to school in about 10 mins 
In my way to university ; but I hate school 
I finally got out of bed,now to get ready for school  god I'm so tired
I am so on my way to school right now 
eating shapes... school was gay.. i got spear tackled &amp;&amp; that hurt like hell.... it wasn't even on grass!!  no more dancing 
Lots of my prev classmates are transferring schools. I`ll miss y`all! 
my sleep pattern is fucked. i'm not tired at all but i know i will be at school 
is back in school  but is happy i just gavin and stacey back...great shoW!
is so done with school, but sadly its not done with her yet...sadness 
@vampiredragon I got the whole weak school  and it's boring!!
 AAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHH can't be arsed with school form tutors a bitch and kaunhoven is a cow
I am re educating myself on plants coz the teacher confused me 
Getting ready for school  iced coffee on the way?!?!
:s have been appointed to drop my sister off at school, Yay 
Heading to school fml!!! 
this is just getting worse. eff school. 
mhmm :/ school txt mehh wishing still  &lt;3ily
@JKaRcH yeah even the  jonas brother  where pick on by the mean girls of there school,  so sad 
why are most people only on msn on school nights? 
hope i'm not sick. i have a really big project at school, and i don't want to get left behind. 
@GuyClapperton There's a good chance they told me too.  (On which topic, saw newspaper billboard shouting about local 'grammer' school.
have large, scary, complicated binding machine from school to truss up the diss for submission. left the instruction book at school  
Just walked my cousin to stage school, my toe is killing me for some reason 
@alfredcotton oh man we dont have any classes together  figures as I'm not in grad school...i was just hoping.
@joetheblow An old `schoolfriend` I bumped into,someone we went school with died last yr an she heard it was me 
contemplating the pros and cons of gay marraiges, aka her debate team assignment  oh the joys of school
Its way too early to be at school  
@jessicatabeling I feel ya  I'm lumping it into my pharm school loan and we're scaling down my grad party to save some money for it
Musical study rooms here at the catholic university law school. 
I can't find a good drama school, although I live in the capital 
I was in a new school where everyone sat in a circle around a big table and they misstook me as a man. 
just being bored, tired, and sick  but i will hopefully feel better enough 2 go 2 school on monday =D and maybe even softball practice!!!!
Is in saturday school right now 
@steveo_2cent Yes, that joke has been haunting me since high school 
Writing a story for school 
trying to find rubber boots for outdoor school but my mom whon't buy me what i want 
@juicyincouture lol woow;; thats how i was back in middle school then i slowly died out of it    who knows maybe we will reunite!!
@CaptainSeeBass 3hr queue  I hadnt been there since primary school so I had shiteloads of other rides to try out.
relaxing with my brother and do something for school later... sundays are just boring 
@Galiiit haha yeah but its fading out  i want purple streaks but im not allowed completely unnatural colours for school
Off to bed soon, just need to wash dishes  then up early to get the kids off to school...where did the weekend go?
soo I must go  'cause  I must learn maths arghh !!!! I hate school it's torture ;)
really misses school and all my friends 
@mileycyrus Wish i could go... I have school... 
ughh i've already mentally checked out of school... don't wanna study for my final tomorrowww 
@bonesrecordz lol. I WISH. I gotta do my laundry for school n stuff.. 
@EllaPaige no way! what are u doing honey? I'm studying for school and doing homework! 
is at school, in business. whaaaa 
The drawbacks of per-diem work...No pay when your school closes down due to H1N1.  One of my campuses has closed already 
i'm going, to schooooooool! do i sound like I'm excited to go to school? yes? good. because i'm not. 
ewww i really don't want to go to school tmmrw 
I had to leave school early cause I was sick  LOLs
Wanting to follow my new life goal of becoming a high school math teacher, but I'm about a month too late to register for classes 
That sweadish guy just left  going to school
Still sick  but ill go to school, for one hour , to do my english exaam! yaay..
awwwww. i wish i wasn't at school when @MandyyJirouxx was taking her messsages 
I just dropped off my baby at grade school for the first time and she didn't even care that I left... sniffle sniffle 
thinks the school is torturing the table tennis team  hayz http://plurk.com/p/roj4x
at schoool  ! sholl is bored !
is at school. some boring shit 
this weathers slowing me down  sleepy lazy weak; school;
6 am. going to school  soooooooooooooooooooo tired 
On my way to school 
school. I can't move my fingers 
noooooo its almost 7  that means school  no no no no no. so sad. going to take my nap at school. be on later.
@souljaboytellem yep now off to school 
@elvisduran hey plz can u do the contest before 7:15 cause i have school 
I like when I come to school early &amp; no one is here . 
Going over the broken bridge going it school 
uhh...school  why can't it be summer??!!
@MezGlinks oh pretty much mum saying how much of a bitch i have become. and i might be going to boarding school. drama like that... 
hates block scheduling and really doesn't wanna go to school 
not going to school! im really sick 
going to school in a few. my elbow still hurts and my mom said i cudda died.  textme?!
Leving 4 scool 
on the bus headed to school, be there till 3:15...     
Going to school  ugggggggggg.........hangovers.
is at school  omg the computer is very oldddd!
hating that i should be leaving for school soon and i am feeling like crap. 
@DesiznTech yep, still a student  will be off school soon I hope haha
school  wish it would finish already
Ugh soc teacher is starting to become one of those profs who is always fucking late 
last class of my first year of law school. im practically an adult. now i just have 5 finals to worry about. 
I hate school projects  someone entertain me
wowww. cant believe weekends are gonna be over.. school again tmrw 
is not happy about that no youth grade.... 
I hate long distance relationship thingies... I'm going to go back to school in the fall and not have a bf again 
@lady_ii I think so with u. I'm not ready to back to school  haha
@himynameisrose mcr? seriously? at school? never. aww...euni was crying for me  and why a skin disease?
have so much to do for school...jealous of all the stars who can take private lessons 
In bed still sick  and still kinda got no voice, I won't b a school 2mo!!
@msbehavn  Ah man that sucks! Where is her school?
soo turns out im doing really bad in school  thanks parent connect!
just got back from school confrence ...soo tieredd :| now gotta do homework 
must read something stupid for the school 
so not in the mood to go to school tom 
at school, i hate monday 
excited to finally see @cweisss in english again! Not excited for school though 
@china__cat remedies is a subject of law school 
is in photography with fi and andrew, and has work after school 
so much to do. then sleeep &amp; schoool  i really have no desire to go..
ughh so upset about my grades this semester   
My mobile balance is low  How the hell am I supposed to tweet at school??!! ;P
@unwritten_99 and bludger! who's not at school missy! where are you and why are you not here 
In school, and i saw someone wearing the same top as me!  i dont like it.
I hate not being at school  you miss out on shit..
@kareddie apartment, school fund, I see none 
TWITTER TIME! home from school. got to school 5 mins before the bell. it was close. now i feel sick cos i had crap pizza at school 
@chneux i have no trip $... it will need to be for school tuition i owe $  no fun or fair... *wiping tears*
morning off to school with my brother im gonna walk down the school road alone after half term  ! ! !
on my way to school. 
off too school now :/    uh double tech with miss coats 
see, taxi is late. it's 8:30 and school starts in 10 mins, argh! 
@crazytwism I hate the spammers. B-schools doing this is pathetic 
On my way to school 
@xxsara yeah right! how is that possebly at this school? ;) i guess it will be chocolate.. 
@ school gettig redy for the final exam 
Right I'm to school. I have to walk down which is grand but it's kind of raining 
Right I'm off to school. I have to walk down which is grand but it's kind of raining 
AAAH! nice.. no science but I'll still have to go back to school and have English at 1 o'clock.! 
Morning everyone... And again i'm at school.. 
I just realized that I left all my jewlery that I wear on my dresser! And it's too late to get it cause I'm already going to school 
i hate school but gotta find a way to make me like it..  if not..i will be stupid. lol
kind of busy preparing for school requirement 
On my way to school  revision is suckish  
i'm really anxious to go to school! i miss my friends 
heading to school in about 15 min 
hey guys just got on but now i have to get off!  sorry! school  have a math test and iraq presentation...ahh!  wish me luck! chow for now!
im in the school working....... 
@alice_cullen53 i have school soon 
wanting to go to school....but i'm over sick so i can't 
at school u.u I wanna go homee  tomorroww day off,,maybe n.n 'cuz tmrrow's teacher's dayyy ;D
sick  but on the plus side no school for me todayyy
in the nurses office @ school. my tummy hurtz 
about to go to school  im so tired
Ugh we switched classes in gym so now I have a teacher who makes me take my bracelets off 
I always feel so guilty whenever I miss school, even if I'm sick. 
what's up? I'm on my way to school 
Going to school..late it seems....mann 
I'm bored  I hope my mom let's me hang out with my bbygurl after school 
-lonely night at school on my own  smells like a dentist in here . . .
Just got to school.  I'm too tired for this. I don't know how people can get up so early everyday.
mannn at school  .. senioritis to the fullest!  aha
im so tired of high school! graduation is so close but so far away 
At school working on a french slideshow 
@valsartdiary haha, i saw that, i miss the ones at my school 
A former teacher of mine passed away 
I should be studying... but I'm doing everything but. What am I going to do when I actually get in school? 
@moonlightfiasco lucky you !! i always wanted to try high school in the states at least once. sadly, i'm done with high school now. 
just got back from the city. broke as now  school 2moro ( exams in 2wks ((
No more compulsery school!! Going to miss everyone - it's only just hit me 
I can't bear the thought of school 2morrow. omg. its so depressing. 
sat doing homework in my pjs... i wish we could go to school in pyjamas 
This song reminds me of school 
is going to school 2moro to revise 
i want my summerbreak... so sick of school 
@tylluan i do not get the grad school fixation. 
On our way back to school...I don't wanna go backkkk 
just got out the shower. it's getting later now and that means it's closer to having to go to school. 
7.06 AM: it's raining outside but i still have to go to school. 
and so the angry letters from parents begin  i feel like im back at school and i have been causeing mischief
Does it realllllllllllllllllllllllllly? have to be this hot on a sunday right before school? REALLLLLY?!?!?! 
school starts tomaro  shoot me !!!!!!!!!!!!!11 i can do it!
i have ketones. damnit. i hope no school, i feel sick. 
feel like death yet still have to go to school 
On way to school 
I hate school so much  and i hate the wind even more :l
I seriously miss my high school friends 
I don't want to go to school, i want to stay here and watch mythbusters 
y am i in school again??? lol studyn while my peeps r out 
i still prefer the teachers back in crescent though  sigh
@JonnyJelly Naww, that sucks  the one that goes to our school?
so tired . school was alrights but it went by pretty quick . tennis was fun  gotta study for exams 
Still feeling sick. Might not go to school. 
okey, now i have to go to the bus. and go to school. AAHNOOOO 
leaving for school  stupid exams, they get in the way of life lol
hey I want to sleep in 2moz but I got school 
My middle school's assistant principal just died yesterday due to the swine flu. 
mondaay  exhausted. school and then hopefully i'll get my ass to the library!
@charley olmer haha i know!! It's white lol and so is emily's new one. But we have school when you come down 
going to schoool i miss my boyfrann so fucking much he needs to come over! 
im about to go to boring school 
is now in school and got later physics...  wrote the mathtest^^ #schooltime
On my way to school..... 
@rehabc My teachers would probably refuse to accept that I was their student and jump out of the window 
On the buss going to school, I miss her so much  she isn't the same anymore even if she says she hasn't changed, I should have listened.
eww its monday got to go to school ughhhh!!!!   
I hate headaches, heading into school to start my minimester blah 
Off to school! Tons of textbooks I gotta return 
is home sick from school.  it sucks.
On my way to school. 
Yay monday...  off to school
@evaschermerhorn  i got school prjct, an ensambel music w sum myfriends,and tmmrw is the show,but we nvr practice bfore!! they angried2me 
irl school so i have to go 
what is shimmy about? i need to know  for school. is it about liking agirl and wanting her to like him back or is that princess, haha
something for school 
I go to my highschool!  XD
headed off to school... its monday 
Getting ready for school! yah  But only 3 weeks left!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
On my way 2 school 
@KristinaDeFonte i am in school, you are not here- depression has sunk in 
This school sucks. nobody has service 
my teacher is mean  she starts fights
just relaxin b4 jumpn back into the school swing of things...  confused all to hell!!!!
doin school, cause i have to 
@kelsey_duryee mine was destroyed by the fog on the walk down to school 
back to school   killing justin later
somebody visit me at the school lab 
Feeling good for the last week of school, good for cassettes, bad for my body full of toxins, and lad for algebra. 
going to pick my babby up from school...he's sick! 
kroq.com blocked on school website....epic fail whale 
at school..  I love jb always and 4ever!
@nicko786 24 I still watch too, it's just repetitive with it's stories lately, I just watch it now because I have since high school. 
taking the kids to school, @mrspyro is sick 
@alexandramccue hey its the end of school and i was invited so i went. You could come if you like..but you dont have a car  theres lo ...
is pleased that it's friday, but school is going to be such an anticlimax after the circus 
i miss my friends in the other school sooo much i didn't see them 4 almost 3 weeks 
going to school india is leaving 
lol...helooooooooo!!! yuk..i don't want to go to school 2morrow!! Eeeew...still can't see 
Never tweeted from my paper round before... Some little school kid just asked if I'm the postman! I think I broke his heart, bless him... 
finished with my econ project..well, to the best of my ability. gotsta be at school bright &amp; early to present. I want sleep 
classes resume on june 8... i dont want school yet.. 
On the way to school... Errrrg... I don't feel good at all... 
up and dressed, in school uniform. whatta bummer. not looking forward to going in for an hour, but it has to be done 
On my way to school 
On mah way to school..  still tryin to wake up
all grown up, done with high school forever  but i'm content with that 
Going to school soon.  I have a stupid field trip too.....
It's way too early and I'm out of school already 
i wanted  them to show fall out boy before i went to school but i knew they wouldn't  but they talked about them...
feelimg like shit tired and i have to go to school 
@jorslu no, you can't, you're in school- that's too bad, I reeeally wanted to write the script  lol I restarted it
is starting school, and her wonderful cousin is somewhere else  come back!! lolz haha 
at school, was in geo class and started having a cough attack, scared  i'm gonna get sick 
No school today! This girl in sixth grade at my school has the swine flu. I hope she gets better. 
Crying, crying and more crying. I have officially left high school 
I hate seeing guys cry  i love my school.
@halls2  No worries...if this school keeps being retarded slow I won't have a job either.
@suniaahmed i am in school  i have that program where you can go on twitter and stuff.. did you go?
Failing school. I want to move house and/or school plz. 
Finally graduated from high school!! But I miss my friends 
why is it finding school is a hard thing ?! haizt .. still cant find one 
@cutiemoet :yep..im part of the varsity team of our school,.and honestly,i suck.kidding.., 
doesn't want to do the stupid school play. 
@hannafbaby how was it? im stuck in alabama 4 school so I wasn't able to go! 
ok gtg pick the brats up from school have fun i know i wont be 
@mileycyrus i do that too, itsucks because i have to get up at 8 for school everyday 
my elementary school is closing down  im so sad.
school is consuming my life 
@nicksantino even though you won't read this... i'm majorly bummed you won't be at school of rock, in jersey, with the cab. 
:  #unfollowdiddy for that shiny suit i had in middle school 
#unfollowdiddy for that shiny suit i had in middle school 
ew. i have ballet now. then parent teacher (and me) meetings! pray for me 
drivin to school bout to fail his finals 
am going to school: hate it 
is going to school and doesnt want to.. 
I don't want to say goodbye to my school :'(''''' I'm So sad because of that thought 
#thingsmummysaid life is going to be better after school. 
http://www.consumeraffairs.com/education/phoenix.html  Why...didn't I research this before...?  I was just so excited about school 
@Wardere I Just got up and heading to school for an exam  i studied and forgot everything again O_O
watching carnivale i should have gone to school 
@karlenesison hahaha. I miss you guys too. There's no more gym til school.  no more concert. Haha.
@mrskutcher I often go to my children's(1st &amp; 3rd graders) school to have lunch with them,I am saddened by the amount of food thrown away 
I WISH we had this much space in our 5th grade classrooms  Barely enough room for the desks http://twitpic.com/65wgv (pic via @mscofino)
lmaaaaoooo I took a shit in school that fat bitch told the whole classs 
tryin to finish the crappy biology notebok  i hate school
school is so boring. yep that's all i have to say 
schedule for todayrive sisters to school/get coffee..gym for 2 hours..red cross..driving mommy into work..picking ally up..ds..class 
can't be dependent on my mom to wake me up in the morning anymore... (at least she says so) now I am setting alarms for school 
this buget crisis we goin thru fuckin wit ma education....summer school is officially cut!!!! 
how I wish my parents put me into a Chinese school when I was younger. Then, it'll be so much easier for me to get a job... 
sitting in school  sucks to be me!
blast from the mofo'ing past. NTS why must you suck so badly at school? 
is bored at school and my throat it swollen 
is not ready for school yet!!!  http://plurk.com/p/wy69d
@m_bui yeah right. I just accepted my grants, and it covered at least 10,000+ of my school fees. tritonlink is down so i cant verify 
@CheskieBear gosh! i hate it. my school will start in monday too.  and my classes will start 6.00 and end at 12.00 i'll never had a chance
@taylorswift13 soooooo wish i could, but im in school and myspace is completely blocked 
school is so pointlesss. seriously though. 7 days of school left and all we do is watch movies and make powerpoints. let me leaveeee 
in school w. linda doing nothing  ;i miss you 
got back from walking to school gotta go back around one or two that heat almost gave me a stroke 
On hold with unemployment, hoping to get call completed before I need to get daughter from school! Not looking good 
A thursday. Is that REALLY necessary @jonasbrothers ? Have u ever heard of school and horrible mums 
I didn't get the job  but I will keep applying to other school.....I do want to teach!!!
@HelenGoytizolo kayla &amp; I went to go visit you but they wouldn't let us in school! 
if officially done with high school....  so sad... i miss them already! movie later???
goodnight loveee, i have to attend extra classes at school tmrw. urgh   
There is a sadness in the air at school  but I got two awards!! 
i wanna good breakfast with @ronaldorivera  school is wiggity whack!
@rawrrxsteffie yeah quite a few kids in my school got swine flu. they only close down the school if its 30 kids or more 
@McDayDreamer some..and some not  only my 2 best friends go to the same school..the others change schools.
Biggest food fight/mosh pit ever and i miss it from across the school 
I hate not bringing my ipod to school 
@jsaladino why you come down in sept? that's when i start school 
sad that school is over gonna miss all my friends and teachers 
My son's first tooth came out but he left it at school 
in science class right now... urgh... stupid project.. don't wanna go to track after school! too tired!  lol
lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself 
@saytri lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself 
ftsk (L) haven't listened to them in a while. so fucking pissed off my with so called 'friends', can't wait to leave this shitty school 
 my school is like the only one thats NOT on vacation.
that little boy that drowned yesterday lived in our subdivision and went to nicoles school. so so sad. 
playing at my old school playground still the same except them lame ass got rid of the tire swing 
errr....I don't want to go sit in the heat and watch a high school graduation. 
I wish I could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc 
@bkkrakora ew, i used to get &quot;suicides&quot; in high school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too. 
@bkkrakora ew, i used to get &quot;suicides&quot; in mid. school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too. 
@gleek he'll be out of school in 18mos! He just started again 
they were actually there omg apparently a relative of marc went to my school lol 
Running to carlos' carnival at school were late   
Aw, you guys i wish our school didn't mess EVERYTHING up 
It just hit me that this amazing ride called high school is almost over. 
I just want to rest!!! forgetting al my homeworks and all the things related with the school..... XD 
@shntenchi speeding tickets are $$$$ hope you can go to traffic school so you can get that point off your records 
i left school, but ill scream on monday when i figure out tat i wont c my harmony friends. no more locker blockers eithr 
can't wait for school to be over, but doesn't want these orchestras and classes to stop  I'm gonna miss you guys...
It kinda sucks not being a high school student anymore...  
and i don't go to school until.. next friday 
still having trouble using nahmean in a sentence - tried it tonight's school fundraiser and failed miserably - kid laughed at me 
@dulli school doesn't allow glass. 
Just spent from 4 til 1130 working on a school project on campus  now has a 10 pg paper and final monday 
 a kid at my school got an internship at a photography studio... im going to sleep, today was very stressful and depressing..
..aha aha back to school in monday 
bak to school tomoro  this sucks 
im not so excited to come back to school 
it's officially summer holiday, school is over! cried my eyes out though, 'cause everyone is going to different high schools. 
@MissCarpenter i hope the excursion is still proceeding because we didnt hand in our forms yet cause you didnt come to school 
says i miss my high school friends...  http://plurk.com/p/x6bra
i feel like something's missing.  back to school :|
Another saturday at school  Is it really necessary?
@K2theH thanks. i found out one of my fav high school professors died yesterday 
listening to lady gaga and uploading some photos, school is almost here!! waAah! major case of school blues.. 
really doesn't want to go back to school on monday 
@kellydmahaffey ummmm idk maybe but ill have to see im only in the 6th grade right now  i wish there wasnt any school
one week of school left and then exams...  still waiting for my son of dork cd
learning,learing and bumbumbumjbum: doing my stupid homework hey its a sunny day and i must do thiongs for boring school 
Just googled my friend from elemntary school only to find out that he died @ the hands of violence 
Oh I can't wait to see all my friends at school! But really feel killing myself  instead of doing all the tests 
Ugh I have to go to a baseball game with the most gay and annoying kid in school.  he is such a fag and has no friends, but thinks he does
@ChaseTheChad yes omfgg  u coming to school on monday
@aprileroland i got out fist round at my only spelling bee in middle school 
I'm sitting in my room looking through pics of me all through high school...tear 
every1 is goin to the carnival in my school but mee   i'm stuck in my room studying(as usual).
Today i fine out that one girl which i knew &amp; i going to school with her died... I'm in huge shock and i'm very sad.    [*]
done with high school 
misses the 70-cents ice longan from the school canteen.  http://plurk.com/p/x9s9j
uuggghhh!! all my friends just found out what school they are going to and i am upstate with out the letter!!! 
@tonitones  also doing kahawai dissection before student teacher leaves me 
so ready to not have to deal with high school drama.. but going to miss my seniors... 
@queenbmakeup im really wanting to get into nail school but my schedule isnt going to allow it 
@myucan91 get well soon! you got sick right after school ended??  sad..
Sitting at this game like an outcast...  love the school spirit of the kids though
@amanda__lynne Who's graduation did you go to? I've been sick since school ended yesterday. 
#e3 will be awesome! too bad i won't be able to camp by the TV like i wanted though, since i have school. 
@karriedaway ha!! I slipped through the cracks. Just like in school 
@hoping_for_sin awww i'm sorry  as far as no school, it hasn't really hit me yet! but it feels good to be away from the uni finally
@mokewon not much lately  working &amp; running around trying to get things in order for school!
i dont why, but for some reason i dont really want school to end 
school tmrw.. I have so much coursework/homework/revision to do 
oooh you all are so pretty!! and im hungry grr!!! its sunday  back to school 2morow but atleast i just got 1 &amp; half year left of school ya
@meldraythecool na not able to choose schools getting a full time pe teaching job is hard straight out of uni  maybe though if i go well
MORNING.....off to eat breakfast....school 2mra  X
@jamesmachan sweet! are you going? i have school and work  gay. aha
I wont be able to watch E3, ill be stuck at school doing my exams, am well nervous :S, shame about E3  #XboxE3
I am so busy working for good grades in school I have no time to get on here anymore 
bye! need to arrange my things. hello school. 
i actully miss school? all my mates!  graphics &amp; band practice!
about to go to bed, feeling sick from drinking too much water, ugh school tomorrow, assignments to be done, school sucks, life is hard 
Is so bored. Didnt get to go school shopping. 
it's sad to think that i don't have to go to dance practice after school anymore.. 
i feel like i'm still in 7th grade. i hate this leveling up thang. if only we can just fail schoool &amp; stay 7thgrade forevahhhhh 
ahh going back to school now! this sucks 
got back from school gotta do crappy homework 
Doing homework  school sucks!
I miss the smell of mud in my secondary school. 
drama coursework  revision (n) school sucks
For whatever reason I keep floating back to that bummed out feeling in my mind  stupid high school
Oh no it's school 2morrow 
is no longer hungover, but really doesn't want to go back to school 
I hate sundays  i have hella school work i need to do..
nevermind, i don't want to do school work. i'm going to go play guitar because its been dayssss 
Thinking it sucks when u try to add clases for school and u have to re-apply  lol but its kooooool umma be up thru there..i wont let it..
aghhh school tommorow!  somebody kill me now!
im very bored and upset i have to go to school another day of tortchure i hate school and the school hates me  i am out of the circle of
is watching her bestfriend's graduate high school. And its harder than i thought 
officially done with school, missing my wonderful, beautiful, and amazing girlfriend   &lt;3
I think that I may not be able ever to contact old school friends 
I have homework to do  why was school invented haaa! xx
i'm sad, my lil lady just left to go back south for summer school! 
@FallingRainx everyone hates me  hahahahaha!!!!!!!!  well.. R's exams are not done yet too :d . but she's free from school til they co ...
right high school never ends... also my my dad's video!! 
@CookiieMonstaar yep I work  been out of school for 4years now
no energy left and I have to iron the school uniform 
I've been focused  on school and prom, now that it's almost over idk what to focus on 
so bored, happy, sad school almost over!! freinds leaving for the summr 
finish of getting ready for school  and cleaning my room  arhh i dont want to go back summer holidays plz come soon
On a major nostalgia binge tonight: went back to primary school to find the whole building demolished, now listening to rival schools.. 
off to bed wakeing up ealier not tired but gota be ready for school 
sick  ugh. wish school was over already.
ohhh mann(n)  school in the morningg ' greattt ! 
&quot; Thinking about school 
i wish i had at money so I could get to school im soooooo sad 
@PPPhilip ahahaha awww.  It's okee.  I would say do it at school, but they just blocked it  twitter loves ppphilip.
In the bus to boring school 
is at coffee club, going to school 
i lost my school bag  and my life was in it  ...soo upset!
@whelanjames ye tbh i dont hahahaha. but if ur hitting art school i think il come for a bitt, i miss it too much 
Some lady just called me chris. I thought people stopped doin that after middle school. Apparently not. 
@bobby_todd But I am a beauty school drop out 
high school = over forever.  ..  idk how to feel about that.
Just saw one of my students from when I was student teaching...man do I miss those kids! 
its like 1am, I can't sleep and I have school tomorowwwww 
Otw to school. Its either my timing is wrong or I don't see d pair of cute friends anymore! 
@SLYSarahLuvsYou no i cant  and i'll tell you at school tmrw
forgot my book @ school so I can't read!!!! 
There's only two weeks 'til school's over. I have a feeling I'm gonna fail music. 
@twid Just found out he was my dad's roommate in medical school 
At the grandmas eating food, not able to play baseball with the guys  had shit to do. But next time ill school them
homework you gotta hate it my last school night of my high school career 
stupid teacher took my fone 
applying to more jobs and finalizing my speech! just an english exam and then high school is over 
just going to bed soo tired... walk to school ? 
Morning everyone, eating some porage then off to school later 
fack, had some coffee and now i cant sleep. i have school tomorroow 
Almost time to walk to school and take part in a maths exam 
I always hate waking up to go to school 
morning y'all. away to get ready for my cello lesson in school. i'm dreading it... 
Up not-so-nice and early  -eats school.
off to school  someone save me and blow up school  but for now goodbye everyone
Walking to school while sunburnt  it hurts, ouch!
been sick twice already and im still going to school  i feel like im about to collapse
school. give me my gun. i didnt see him  eh.
homee from school, need to get out of my school clothes and into trackies, heaps hungry. hi drama homework  .
Doing my teeth then going to school 
Going to school. Sunburns so painful 
misses shopping for school supplies. 
@Equestrian90 I am currently working on an essay for school, but nevertheless bored. A lot of ppl I used to talk to aren't on much. 
@preclude  sorry not until school ends ! 
2 children gone to school 1 gone for driving lesson - feel very lonely 
lauren smells and got me in trouble last time in in school  throwing flour over me 
At school in chemistry, wish I was outside 
Eurgghhh I'm so stressed out! I hate school sooooooo much  xoxo
Something popped into my head 'coz I was thinking about school, I've thought about the others who aren't able to go back to school.  
i miss someone from my former school 
listening to musica...getting ready for schoool...WOW, it's really early 
I miss talking to someone...where'd they go?  Yay summer school...I even get to wake up super early......fml
noone has school except for us 
its monday. school 
making myself beautiful for school! why... idk... my boyfriend doesnt even go to my school 
On the bus.. don't wanna go to school 
@nessavae school is no fun  lol but same for u have fun at work
monday means back to work and back to school  boo
is going to school soon, with the biggest sunburn ever 
Really upset i forgot about the egg drop  wow now i wanna cry...getting ready for school i guess textt me 
Is super tired and getting ready for school. I'm mad tired  tweet me!
is freaked out by swineflu so badly, because she goes to school in a place most likely to get it 
On my way to school  ugh school sucks
is   cuz stupid bus takes 25 mins to get to school
I really hate the fact that its june and we still have school! 
phew. school was freakin tiring,,, 
On my way to school 
Just finished me maths exam  and has to go in to school for english  xxxx
On my way to school! 
Feeling so tired!  don't wanna be here at school. On the positive side, there is only 1 month of schoo left
getting ready for ortho + plus school. hate Mondays. 
@candydoodles laicaaaa im soo bored ... omg school is near 
I wish i brought my jacket to school. 
Law school doesn't let u pick ur own sched 4 ur 1st year 
Man school again already 
school  worst thing ever 
bored in school  and its cold outt boo
tomorrow i go back to school and (what a jerk) my first &quot;lesson&quot; is Swinmming !!  hate to go to the pool at school ..
soo does not want to go to school...and still has a sore throat n major siick 
Now that I am no longer in school thereisno excuse to avoid exercise 
@HeartMileyCyrus nooothing, i'm preparing this cause i've got to go to school...it starts at 16:30...thaaat's sooo boring 
Last tweet ever of high school..  it's finally overr
hatez mornings &amp; being tired. sweet school!.................NOT. 
back from school and still hurting bad  i am a retard :'(
Off to school. And I haven't had any sleep 
went hyper during school  dats bad but still he he he!!!!!! mwahahaha
woahh there is no one at school.... where are all my senior friends? 
@xvidaa HAHA! I didn`t go.  I had to go somewhere ehh. L-) HAHA. school`s coming up, V.  what`s your elective?
I think I need to go back to school, I feel that I have lost a lot of knowledge since I graduated. 
@helloiamviolet ahaha, i'm signing out nowww, school at 8 tmr 
@lifecoach okay I'm back. I would sleep longer but I have school 
reading an awesome play in english.. the sun is shining and i'm loving it! stuck in school for now though, 
due to being ill, I have missed something at school, and now can't complete the course, thus failing 
Last monday of high school 
in a cafe class  so board cant wait to be done two more weekes of school
@lrivers56 im headed to school haha but since lil kids are out, its horrible, I'll have to go to school local now :/ takes soo long! 
no school is great, but i miss my other friends 
hate being at school when its hot  trying to convince my mam to have a barbaque for t !
is wishing I was done with school...my job is just not cutting it anymore 
my school likes to torture me 
finishing this paper for school... what a way to spend a monday 
at school im music class 
omg i have to go to summer school! 
bored school sucks 
Ughhh I gotta go buy these books for my summer school classes 
im doing a school project 
hates being back at school, the holiday wasn't long enough 
@cheungkyy That would be nice but you have school  have fun in intro comp! 
hi everyone, in a while I go to school 
I am soooo sleeepy!  on the way back to school from @samaaanch house! Silly forgot her homework&amp;paperrr!!
i miss going to school and seeing my lunch group 
in english class sleeping wish i couild see brigid after school 
in mediaa  ext  12 moree dayys till school is done 
been out in the garden. cant believe had school in this gorgeous weather 
had a meeting now im takn son 2 school wut gloomy weather 
@poynterlubz hahaa aaar no !! i'm gunna fail it  there's either foundation paper, or higher gcse one. &amp; my teachers making me do the high
The only thing I don't like about my school holidays is that I get NO allowance... 
ahhh i need a yearbook! 
I just paid for school and books. I, officially, am broke. 
Once again I'm sitting by myself outside in the court yard at school 
is skipping school and misses someone very badly 
My hoeset has to stay at  state vet school in isolation 
busy and also at the same time you dont have school.but i am rally missing my band teacher. 
@2NiteBoy i can't!  i'm just a 13-year old girl who's just in the 1st grade :') aight dude, your grammar is good (: learn it @ school!
driving to pick up the kiddos from school...then back to work 
john its blocked at school  i tryed :'(
waking up from a long but good nap,  now to school 
last monday of high school ever 
got back from school...man almost over 
@EVCecilia noo  i couldnt go to school because of my school account, basically my mom couldnt pay. so i have to do finals another day...
mom trying to convince me to get out of art school. 
@WeTheTRAVIS yeah mine is too but im stuck at school 
im really hating school right now 
@miletous well guys... lets jsut say.. i did'nt try my best to go to school haha, but my bro drove me to school later  lol. i missed my
cannot be arsed with school... grr:@ such a shithole 
ew back to school 
Is probably stuck at school til ten 
@id10t2u  sad. Where do you go to school
Too lazy to get myself prepared for school, why is there freaking lessons during the holidays! 
@FatinAthira no la.. now getting ready to go school.. kelas tambahan.. 
Currently doing research for a school project  Its due wednesday and the printer isnt working at the moment.
waking up at 4 just to be early to school to study chemistry.  in the end im not studying thoo.
@soraya93 tomorrrrow  i'm going to go buy it friday right after school, i'll lend it to you
school sucks .. sooo much to do , didnt even start studying yettttt 
@jeannemariepics Thank you. It's true.  A lot of my students were misplaced in those classes because there was nowhere else to put them.  
just realized why school schedule is good...makes sure i eat on a reg sched and don't get shakey and forget that food is good for me 
@kiayame i don't think i'm watching the live chat. gotta pay attention school all year long on and off school  why do i have to leave 
@mrgetitdone hey man, couldn't take you. I went with the school and we can't bring guests  HOW R U?
@BonBbyJess the school I was gonna apply for, is not in the list of approved schools for the pro students program  it was so cool to b tru
going to school late tmrw. I'm in one of the worst moods ever  WHYYY!?
@mileycyrus Haha thats what mine has told me too  Lol I have a court but I SUCK and my teacher tells me that!
going to talk to my mother bout school and social life 
watching fred on youtube. not much else to do. fucking throat still hurts  but i have to go to school!
so tired! sleep then saying goodbye to jamie  then off to school!
just had a great conversation with my cousin. she's out of school! 
i am sad that the school year is end  i like school, i get to see my friends!
stuck at bus depot with the bogan school kids. Wishing i could drive this year. Eeep 
I'm going to miss being in high school. 
chemistry makes me wanna drop out of school, 
I suppose I better get ready for school 
@mimicx aha aaw but now I have to go to school  byyeee xxxxxx
should at least reach 89 lbs. before school starts. 
just arrived in school  science first lesson|
off to school for a rehearsal  nice fat 8 hour one.
In school on my phone again, just got a top up, so warm! Too tired 
@JonasLover_01 I love the chats to, but I have to go to school  I'll still watch it but not live  I don't know about Q's umm...
@ffolliet i dnt listen tho ;o) I'm off to school to tidy up last nites mess an return equipment to various places,all on my own 
Already back from school  But have to work on that math homework right now in this sunny weather 
Some oap just had a go at me for not being in school. Its sly bein terorred by an oldie 
found my junior high yearbook and wow everybody was young and i havent talked to any of them since 8th grade except maybe 5 
school... ZZZzzzzZZZ i want another peanut cluster 
Is in a boring IT lesson at school  talk to me people!!
Is in a boring IT lesson at school  talk to me people!!
Just had to get tissure form the school toilet because mine ran out from hayfever rape. It's all rough 
wonna go back to work!  no more school! plz ...
too early  school, yay. being 100% sarcastic. needs her true friends .. yeahh
is at school.. And where did the sun go? 
btw, i'm so tired at school 
getting ready for school...this sucks cuz i dont want to go and i feel a cold coming on 
doing school work.as always..... i go to school. come home. and do more school work 
On my way to school 
missed my bus  but mom's driving me . but still i'm late for school ..greatt &gt;:/
I shall leave for school when i am done jammin to kris allen  i will miss him so much &lt;/3
damnnn..got up for select choir...went...there wasnt any  ..ugh...school...tanning..tons of work...text me and make me happy!!!
on my way to hope high school to drop my brother off. its too early. 
can't wait to go to school.. i'm missing my friends so much, 
I wanna go to school, I miss E35D truckloads already  I hate holis, no holis no holis no holis !!
@ChheaZe__xD i knowww, i actually rather go school morro &amp; finish at 1 instead of 5 
i relly want to play wind slayer right now but i have to go to school 
@varicool clocks ticking, so many of my friends from high school are all getting married  they're all my age im jealous lol.
I hate mornings when I have to get up for school... 
At school. An hour left for the maths exam 
im more tired than i was for school   thumbs down
errr, just realized there is a school conflict...field trip for one and party/grad program for the other.  
At school... We have LOADS to do  Heeelp!!!
Is gunna get ready to go to school now  boring
i want to just sit in the rain. school is in my way 
I'm sick   the one things who make me happy : i don't go school but i'm realy tired i hate that when i'm sick
Just got to school   really dont want to be here
about to go view + order the new school uniform  not looking forward to it!
Crying w/ my teacher  so cute.
I wish I had a jacket. Its cold in school 
@ school so early!!!  i wish i can sleep during work... so tired rite now and sleepy
on my way to schoool! i don't think i've ever been so excited lol. yearbooks!!(: still sick though 
love when my bio teacher pulls out pig fetuses. mmmmmmm 
school's out, gotta do my homework  yaah...very interesitng, NOT !
just cant believe that someone at his school was on that plane - very scary and sad 
@SuperJams Or maybe that's just you trying to tell me to stop bothering you at school 
@dcgirl627 how the hell is she gonna go to school? Maybe she doesn't want her to leave. Some moms don't know how to cut the chord.  
@lifeheart oh i hate that  but it's better than sitting alone in a school cafeteria!
is feeling stressed  can't wait till school is over.
coming to school without band-aids is never safe, it should be mandatory. the one time I need one 
@Lilayy hahaha yes! that's what he told me.. jeez i hate school  bah, i'm sure you'll pass or i'll hit your teachers with a water bottle
@heynadine I wish I could watch your live show. But I'm at school. 
i have a bad habit of leaving umbrellas in classrooms 
I'm so sunburnt from school  curse you subs that let us go outside!!
30 degree weather, wanting to just escape from school 
@PMSTheSkittles  lamesauce. school needs to get done soon! well goodnight then. &lt;3
omg i can't do anything right! school gets me soooooo depressed 
@officialnjonas a tweeet while you are with your family and im stress about the school 
@omfgitsella i want to know whats my section and who are my classmates. 
attended my little sisters band concert-next year there will only be one music teacher for both the high school and middle school-sad 
school is almost out!! fuck summer school 
i won't be receiving a yearbook again 
All this high school prom &amp; grad stuff has been making me feel super old  I have no more college 2 look 4ward 2, just adulthood gross
Going to school in a couple of minuts...  
l'm really going to miss school 
i thought vacation was cool but right now i wanna go to school!  bcause its really really really boring
@paula_sixtheden it's in the campus of my school! I really wish you guys were here to watch with me 
packing my bag, then off to school. back around 5   X
very tired just got done studying for a natural science test that is coming up..... planning a wedding and having school is tuff 
On my way to school. 
finished with english! ready for school to be over 
@0zark yeah I have to go home... I'm still at school 
@ayekaygee that's when I have a break for school though 
in school now.. i dont understand anything 
through in front of my high school and saw the guys with blue jacket. aaah i miss high school so bad 
omfj presenation is 2marrow  nd omfj goign to be emberessing haha going to school dressed up lol haha
Morning! On mi way to school... 
@mileycyrus  I wont be able to cuz I will be at skool.ur lucky u go to school on set 
Mornig twitterland! uploading pics, need to go to school 
hoem from school  my teacher hit me over the head &gt;( i couldnt hit him bak &gt;(
Ah i hate the wind :l if my hair is flicky when i get to school, i may cry 
Ahaa awh someone from school just got on the bus and reminded me of a running joke we had, funny funny. I miss some school people 
I think ill gooooo to schoool now !! 
@thatsjustmee haha i didn't sleep more than that myself  and now i'm at school, i'm sooo bored, and i have 5 hrs left..
at school  nothing to do!!!!!
going to school tomorrow just to sew my skirt for my assignment because le teacher has to watch me do it. 2 hours on my own, at school 
@jonasaustralia yea... a friend from school is moving to america forever in the holidays 
should get ready and go in to school. This weathers a proper downer 
school. stupid assembly during my fave class.  .. then rehearsals. Finally got my costume almost finished.
just wake up im ill  i not at school and i have't eatin in ages
i'm bored.  everyone is at school. &gt;8l
@_spell I love u. &amp; I was there. You just didn't notice me in high school.  I wasn't pretty enough for you. :,(
ugh school and the 2nd part of the ss state test  wish me luck!!!
getting ready for school. I still havent written my senior speech. And don't hold your breath for a fantastic senior prank. 
Going to school again and kayla is sick!!! 
About to walk into school  see you guys on the other side haha
Ugh im so tired and I want to go back to bed but I can't cause I have to get ready for school 
I feel nouseos (sp?) again and my mom wants me to go to school 
 school...those ants are still by the window...wtf...
on my way to school 
off to school. not gotta turn it off for 3 hrs.  no school 2moro! yayy.
Up getting ready for school.. Feeling a little sick. 
ugh don't wanna go to social gathering for school 
Going to school...idk how much I can take this..... 
So sleepy don't really want to go to school!!!... 
at school, again.learning math then.mathtest tommorow 
I'm so jealous my school's IT office has &quot;I'm a PC&quot; stickers on it, and I still haven't managed to get any 
going to school @ 10 to take my astronomy exam. i dont think ill do good..i mean it 
stupid school blocker thinks all the short links are spam 
Ugh at school right now       i wish it was summer break im so sick of school !!!
At school, and doing nothing. 
trying to figure out what to wear to school that won't kill my shoulders 
@joeydigital look you will not continue to disrespect my school...lol. Unfortunately I won't be in action this yr 
slurrped down a go gurt and is getting ready for school  will june 17 come sooner
learning for schoool .. hate it  .bllaah
@IIxskittlesxII lets see if i can get the hang of this ha... off to summer school 
I had like the best dream everrr. Now I have to get ready for school 
I'm leaving the house. I should have been at school at seven thirty. These math tests are shit.  
@valllly i know its not working!!!!  im in school lol
i'm going to school...  !! i hate miley cyrus
@MizSadittyFancy I have school at 6.   r u doin nething after
Starting to resign myself that I'll be in school till I'm at least 40. 
I want to go to the pool but I still have school work to finish 
 non of my old teachers are at kennedy anymore! (
@angelarrr @angelarrr  I'm sorry. If all else fails, there's always grad school...
@demiswissfan i miss your tweets when im at school to  ly xxx
being sad school is over  i wish i could stay with my best friend in 8th grade.
hmmm yay school is so not fun 
@xGrrrItzzEmzZx haha. maybe. idk. blah! enough school talk. it stress me out. 
finaaaaaaally my school stuffs've done! really need some rest 
@missrachee we were sitting right in the middle, center.  sorry we missed each other! (i got in 'early' w/ my student id!)
pls. pray for these students who had to walk 15 kilometers to school. I wish I'd be able to help them. 
@therealdnierod i'm in school right now! lol! so obsessed w/ twitter  x
The swine flu has spead to bayonne  they closed a downtown public school cause of it!
is at school and cant get caught on twitter....sorry  i couldnt txt u bac heather, no service in the library  lol
@ThisGirlLovesIt yes!!! im not a catholic but my school is 
wishes you could go on facebook at the school    math class is too boring to live without it!.
The site will be updated asap. ACT school hinders my updating abilities.  biteoftwilight.com
About to go to my last substitute teaching job of the school year 
At school again. LAST DAY!!! But I'll totally miss my teachers and buds.  But not homework! ;)
should've gone to school, there's no type of food here! and my mom left me home alone  wtf?!
aaah I'm actually quite bored, but i really want to go back to school 
I just officially relinquished my position as commissioner of school spirit  how bittersweet.
schools out!!!!!!!!!!!! but i gotta go to summer school.....   kinda mad but oh well
school's out next fri. and we are loaded with tests 
@Brantanamo hoooooooooooooooooooolla! haha how are yoou?  *-* i'm going to school now  love xxxxxxxxxx
I feel like a loser in elementary school that no one wanted to play on the playground with. 
@ddlovato when r u done school??? i kant wait for summer im going into 7th grade to the high school yayyy 
We're on lock down again! so I can't leave school 
Wish I was in school.... No work, no school. Sounds great, right? It's really not 
@jubr its true  i love school and your company.. miss you so much 
Today was my last day of school! I'm sad, I have to go to a new school. Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! I wanna back to school! ?Nowwwwww!  
aww, school is on monday already. 
@kellylovesyouxo Your still in school ?! no way 
@6picas aww no!  I guess grad school is a good jump thought.
@archerjason hey boss got stuck at the school so go ahead and fill my spot. I will be awhile 
I feel so bad for the guy who jumped off the E19 building near school... 
wishing things could go a little longer  love my high school despite it all
@FearLoathingKY getting ready for school 
I lost my yearbook 
...and then bitches whisper in the bathroom  is this high school?
@slickmickers yeah man. She's leaving just b4 back to school!! I'm sad. 
hmm. from the park. tiring but fun though. swoosh. haha. summer is over Philippines. school is ringing again! 
@wentzhol i dont even know. i dont own any cobra merch  but, how awesome would it be if we were in ANOTHER schools photo?!
Yes I want to go to school. 
High school is over dance team is done.  now what?
i need to do my religion assignment, but its at school 
@benjamminspears re: grayson high students -  i don't want that
ugh i just finished watching all the eps of ouran high school host club  now im sad, lol
i miss my highschool 
weird. it sounds like drumline/marching band is playing...faintly though. just like when i lived by my high school az 
going back to school on monday. my vacation is over!! 
sleeped until 2 pm  have to do some work 4 school 
darn, our last sleepover before school starts 
i REALLY want my ears to be pierced. i know my parents never ever let this at least i graduate from high school 
ugh.............stage school...........effort...i have to find something to wear 
@Ohvintage oh god  i love sports days but we don't do them in our high school 
I really miss my class now. I wanna go back to school 
i just found out some girl from my high school's parents were in that plane. horrible 
WHY did I discover guitar hero now that I am in school? I want to blow off homework and go play! 
i miss everyone from my first school in jakarta! 
@melledesma12 hahaha!!!! yahhh. i know  but im kinda stressed.. finding schools  eff the effin school  ughhh!!!
Everything seems to be fine for my summerjob. If only I could say the same about school..  I don't think I'm gonna pass..
I hate waking up this early for school on saturdays! 
in traffic school....there goes my saturday 
got my yearbook!!!! that must mean schools almost out!!!!!!!!! goin to the ropes course...i hope i dont fall again 
is seriously tired of writing papers: should of held off going back to school 
am i the only one not happy about the suspension of classes? i really wanted to get back to school 
@cordcedeno it is  i've been great, busy as always but really good!! how've u been?! are you done with school now!?
im at the library trying to do school work but my home school program froze up..  
school always has to ruin everything 
@nicksantino hahah aw  well at my school almost all seniors have perfect attendance cause thats the only way we can be exempt from exams
why cant there be emo boys in my year at school  :p lmao
going crazy with work from school 
is seriously thinkin i wna go back to stage school  argh
my brain is still trying to figure out that my middle school life is over. 
I  understand we have 140 chars to say things but damn do u really have to talk like you haven't ever went to school n had english class 
teacher just said i sing too loud. 
@proudmomx2 7:30 on school nights. We've tried keeping her up later to no avail. I guess it is just her nature 
i cant study. omg can school just be over already? everyone else is out.. 
@NapaRegister I can't believe this I went to school with her.. I think she just had a baby too ... 
@camilleisbored i called the school indi namove 
You'd think I'm old enough by now that going to my old high school's graduation wouldn't be awk. No luck 
sleeping pattern officially fucked.. just as im going back to school. greaaaaat. 
school will start tom. gaah!  they're not my classmates (
is watching Religulous before bed... and is still really sore from the student-teacher football game yesterday... 
sad because everybody is going to church camp 2morow and i have to go to summer school 
i hate school! i want to study fashion or music, not cience and math!!! 
omg.. the junior school across the road has its alarm going off..! that will be going on all.weekend.! 
@toojulie4jullie  That's upsetting! Where are going to school again?
http://twitpic.com/6t7re - the last words from my pre-school teacher 
blah i miss all my friends from school and im not gonna see half of them next year 
@xmarmaladesky I dont know if ive ever not wanted to go to school as much as this before?!  siiiigh. good wknd?
Just walked out of my high school prom  I feel kinda old...
@nikonn how went the scribbling? I'm still writing papers for school 
not feeling too well. and still trying to come up with this money for school. 
I`m not yet ready for school start 
off to school tom. which is soo not good. i hate it 
@Jess_Higgins heyy have a great time while I'm a loner at school  haha ly x
i dont want to go to a maths tmr or dance training  i dont want schoool on a school holidays grr
i dont wanna go to school yet. :| why is this summer so fast.  i dont wanna go to school also coz i dont like my class, &amp; my floor! :|
It's a pity that I have to school again..the holidays were too short...mhhh 
@LondonElek thanks man, is there a med school demo inbox or should i just send to the hospital 1?, and is there an age limit? im 13 
i've got headache  learning for school tommorroww..
I have to study something  I hate school :p
@TearsAndRane I miss school  look at the bright side! at least you're not bitter yet. 
i'm so sick of school, I want to stay off.  I really want to explore daily booth more. Before i jump on another bandwagon x
Has 2 go 2 sunday school w/o 2 of my favorite people! 
i'm in love with @Leonardino12 's rount dounut like cookies he makes!!and i'm still sick.i g2g 2 a stupid medical tomz and missing school 
i better work on my homeworks again. i don't wanna go to school tomorrow.  I don't wanna see anyone in school. 
So tired and its school tomrow..  why can't i have one decent lay in!?!?
i dont like preparing my stuffs for school 
My good view of a perfect vacation when I was still in school is gone... 
Doing this booring thing for school |-) I don't really feel like doing it.. 
 there goes my last hope of getting into a good school.
@Sianybex95 hey sian school to moz 
@beckie0 teacher at school, so i watched the crappy version  i would have rather saw it in the cinema
listening to old school.....remember ols times 
Acdemy awards were fun just wish I was more confident so I could talk to this one guy  o well got to go do hw only 5 days left of school!
waking up early and goin' to school... err i'm nostalgic 
@lrnevil i wish   still depends really.  im going to start the school on the 22nd but i just realized there is orientation for it and
i've dug myself into a hole and can't seem to get out...   off to school now...
@GrrrlsOnMDMA I'm not looking forward to school either, really need to do this essay gah  xxx
@supermac18 finals suck  when ru done school?
@lovebesos that's just 5 days; not so bad! still, it seems your school ends later than any other 
@hocuspocus09 aw that sucks  ive been trying sooo harddd not to play any games til school is over haha i got sooo much work
@ellelawro lazy! nooo! school thursday! school everyday from now on  booo x
4 days and 1 class left of school bitches! But I don't wanna go to summer school!  
@Kamiliam  i want my yearbook 
inpacking and doing errands...boooo...vigil tonight for high school teacher 
omg i leave school wensday now i think about it im going miss it  going have to look for a job be for collage or i will be bord 
@selenagomez I wish I could call you but it's 6am here and I have to head to school now 
Nothing like a high school graduation to make a guy feel old. 
So lazy. Why does our school always have to be different. 
schools almost over , &amp;&amp; i seriously dont want it to be.  so many memories , dont want it to all just go... :'(
Just got back from wal mart w/ @StephenAGraham, now he's gotta head back up to school 
can someone say middle school drama!!!!! side note: need to wash my hair, but don't feel like it... 
The worst thing about writing a paper for school is submitting it to writepoint &amp; then correcting all grammer &amp; spelling mistakes 
got a gigantic headache  i'm so done with school... i've entered the stage of not wanting to do my homework... it's getting really bad!!!
@GrafittiMySoul ive just moved school i start on wednesday very nervous dont really think im gonna do to much in my new drama classes 
back from church. not going to school tomarrow 
homework  school sucks
cant wait for school to be done  it's taking so long
@callkathy my six was nominated for a tony. She asked me to be her date. I was in school and couldn't go 
it's ridiculous how much paper you have to use for school. it's a waste of trees 
@krisette sounds like me when i'm going to school 
I can't believe my bestfriend from my former school will be the classmate of my other friend who'll be studying in my former school. 
done with school! but no more baseball 
@rayjohnz I'm about to get into the senior high school outside my town, away from my family 
@chellemariee gay! I have school thurs  &amp; I was at ramons game instead lol
I feel sick  but im going to school anyway
I was right, the teacher didn't come.  #edufire #japanese
@Ayerad no, well  i hope not. He could ha hasnt been at school fer a wile  but @koast08 doesnt believe he had cancer
getting ready for school.   ..im so tired 
@monti4 no way ! why did u not call me straight away ;)... back to school tomozza  haha
off to school.  with no email... how stupid.
Getting ready for school  mondays suck
Walking to school on my own now as shelley aint in school!  and she has left me in art the git! Haha tweet later! X
Hey just chillin a bit before going to school 
school dawns upon me once more  really can't be bothered but first two periods are the best! religious moral And philosophical studies!woo
about to go to school  see ya later!!!
@iMmopukCP twitter rocks - everybody knows that LOL! school now!  I have to go to dam school
@ilsamykins why wernt you at school ? 
tom will be my 1st day as a college student!!!yay! im pretty excited but i'll surely miss high school 
in school! double wood first 2 periods ewwww  sawdust suffocating me!!
HEEE isnt replying to my texts, ever since i told him i wasnt going to school.  please text back.
Off school cuz my leg is jacked up 
eurgh my french teacher moved me, now im on my own 
@CheekyBritty haha yeah i had to go to school  i tried, and failed.  go on msn? x
@Annazhou aannnna i miss you! schools not the same anymore 
off school. still woke up at the crack of dawn though... 
I really don't want to be at school right now...  this sucks
hates MYEs.  why did the school put MYEs after the holidays!
i barely saw my batchmates this summer  now i actually wanna go to school.
bored (N) at school  and its sunny 
Off for a shower then got to get on with school work grr 
@xSilja I am pretty sure you are better than me. I would never be anywhere near getting 10. I suck so bad and my teacher is wicked 
@joannabrinas one more freakin' weak to go til school starts i miss the school bell  i have a new bag too.. im excited na din gamitn! haha
@RockBouvier damn wheres my sewdish translator =/ are you still in school? 
came back from school..look like i just came back from a tough war.. 
@VivatRegina i miss school too! i miss my yaya uniform. 
siiiiick  school anyway for finals, but im outt at 9:45!
at school very bored nothing to do 
woke up and getting ready for school...joys 
why are all the cool people either in school or in their beds 
I need to fix my school stuffs , alreadyy ! 
 @emilymariie why didnt you come to school?? have you done the short stack thing by yourself, or do you still need me?
i am going to my mommas school so i cant be the meanest kid alive 
I dont want to go to school  esp in this fog!
6:49 am too early jeje going to school 
in my way to school 
I wish I got a yearbook 
#iremember when the only thing we'd worry about in school was peeing in our skirts 
going to bed now school 2morrow 
Vampires are awsomeness so... and changing school is definetly going to happen!!!!! 
in school, i have to go to the class but i don't wanna go  school sucks
@dat_new_new23 omg me too. And I start school in a bit 
Doesnt want to be in school right now  people suck!
i just woke up and now i got to go to school!!! wah! 
@athensky i am so effing confused as of how the messaging works on here.  they're just gonna kick me out of school for some of this
Today was the last lesson i could've had with the boy i'm in love with. he wasn't at school damn it 
@SneakerBeezy oh noes T_T  school was cool (: for the first time ever o.e ..jk xD yeahp always will be (: ...xept for college 
getting ready for work again  I will be going back to school in the fall
@chickybaby You go from living life around nap schedules to living them around school schedules.  It doesn't end 
ive yet to watch Hannahmontana.  &amp;I need to catch up w my school work.  sorry mates.
have to face school again tmr  scary..
@smilinggreenmom ...perhaps she came in contact with an allergen.  She's in school so we can't protect her always   I feel as if I'm...
@hazenw it has been way too long and it'll be my last sit until fall because of school  http://myloc.me/3UXs
im back from school. yay. but now i have to go an do homework. 
back to school.. back to school.. sad that im not sitting out in the sun 
sitting at school just doing some articles because i acedntly failed biology 
 no work or school, because my ears are leaking
almost everyone but my class is done with school 
@veelka yeaaa it's too bad we're not high school studs anymore  i want it more for sure
it's really hot here and nice and sunny shame we had school really 
nothing to tell, my friend leave school 
would have finised her music tech coursework today but someone didnt bother to mention that my teacher wouldnt be at school, shes mean 
On my way to school 
I'm on school lockdown  its boring 
goin' to the gym..checkin' up on these jobs..hoopin' it..then school tonight 
Absolutly nothing!!!!! Actually thats so not true. I'm at school 
Its way too early 'o clock for real estate school!  ugh, hate Mondays
i wish someone took spring classes with me  i hate being alone at school
i am at school and it is super boring, i have to type out a letter to mt mom for grad and than i have to type out an essay  (n)
is not liking this school stuff 
trying to upload a new picture, but the school's internet is unreliable!! 
in class w/ leslie until 930.....ugh grad school sucks 
@m0lLz4eva cause my mom had to go to work, but there was not other way for me to get to school. 
feels like a third grader whose mom forgot to pick her up after school... waiting for ben @ new carrollton 
So my teacher isn't here yet 
damn school and maths..no time for riding and other cool stuff! 
Man, no school no work. Now i'm bored. 
making bennie come over and take my uDEL math placement exam. 6 hrs left of high school 
@rachmar aw girl i didnt read that until now.  i hope you had a good last day! youre no longer a student at that awful school!&lt;3
thanks miss @cybernight44 I juss need the extra atmosphere of work now that school iis over 
off to school  I didnt sleep at all! im so exhausted!
omg I hate being not well. Sounds weird but I'd rather be at school 
vou estudar : historia , gramatica e matematica . school really sucks 
i'm done with high school and have no idea what i'm going to do without my best friend next year 
kinda sad that high school is over for meeee 
I am so lazy now that school is over. I need help 
ahhh, school's finally out, but i'm gonna be soooo bored till camp 
water fight was cockblocked if you will by deans lol somehow they found out. ummm schools over!  regents all week 
i was watching the new episode of charm school and the power went out  
survived summer school... it was horribly long and my professor smells 
#iremember when we had pen pals back in elementary school 
studying spanish w. mommy / then hopefully being able to make it to school... as soon as finals are over i need to see the doctor 
I feel weird, sickkk weird  I miss my boyfriend and I'm hating summer school
@TatianaCreusot at the school carnival i got water splash into m face LOL 
@janelie i feel the saaame way! like, uugghh! idk if its my major or my school or greensboro... or me 
@cathalsam wish i could do school pick up 
had someearly dismissal from school. Being sick definitely sucks! 
had some early dismissal from school. Being sick definitely sucks! 
woke up. now hair and make up then school 
I don't know anything for my science exam and I can't study. I see summer school in the horizon 
on my way to school 
Morning people . 7 am better get ready for school. Seriousley can not be botherd 
hindi pko prepared for this school year 
#haveyouever fell down in the hallway bk in high school &amp;&amp;every1 seen so you gotta play it off like it didn't hurt n laugh w/ every1 
13 laptops were stolen where I teach summer school ... and I'm the computer teacher.  mental #edtech note: write down serial #s from n ...
high school is such a drag i sat by myself at lunch  god i'm such a loser.....
is off to school  great (Y)
ewww sometimes i really hate school 
sleepless nights.. Now at school till 6'o clock.. Afterthat working at school 
Walking to school, hayfever very bad  too hot too xD
i must go to school!!  byebye followers ;) xxx
@onenewidea I hate that. I still get the ones where i wake up thinking i have to go to school.... but now i have to go to work 
just got the kids to school now going for a blood test         the cards ive had printed for my new business are great! :o) x
Lying in my bed i-) no school for laura 
suppost to be revising at school again , i think its way to early for that ...i neeed some sleep 
just got back from school..so tired..I'm still going to do a bunch of homeworks.Ugh! 
Oh hey school, why must I be here.  its boring.
normaly at school, but I'm ill... that pisses me off... 
school is over ! shit teachers!!! they spoil our conclusion!!! 
@saramarietexas i dont like that saying anymore after boys in high school made it into a dirty thing 
My son is at school........Trying to assemble a vacuum cleaner............It's not going well!!! 
i g2g to school soon ugh atleast only 2 more full daysof classes but o w8 then theres finals AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH help me 
i'm not really putting much effort in what i'm doin' right now... i don't wanna go to school 
@martiningram I was talking about primary school trips ... never had anything at all that I can remember  - deprived child ...
@misskellyo not  great, theres school 
school is boring at the moment 
 bio. physics. math. health. filipino. english. elections. help me i'm drowning in school work.
Off school, ill on the coach 
says bwahahaha! I'm back. HAHA! haaay. busy sa school.  http://plurk.com/p/11camf
@dougiemcfly sounds good would do it too but im at school  twitter me coz i have double science &amp; it would cheer me up  hehe
is worried..there is a student in my daughter's school with A(H1N1)   same grade pa....   as in classroo... http://plurk.com/p/11cd47
It's not fair my school is portrayed in such a bad way  I promise we're not bad...
school isn't fun at all. I wanna be in college already! 
on my way to school.. ugh!!	this is total bullshit.. I hate summer school.. 
@Peacefulfairy I hope everything will be ok with your leg.  You're missing @ school!
I don't think I can keep up my normal internet life AND give my best in school. I'm sad. 
I have to go to school cuz my parents are going to work! I hate waking up this early on vacay! 
i forgot my lunchbox in the classroom 
summer school can sux my dick! its so borrrrrrrrrrrringggg 
10:27 a.m. in two hours i have to go at school... that's bored  hate school... but the only good thing it's that i'm with my friends 
in math. natalies piercing my ear after school! working at 5 
sad  because i have to go to summer school instead of youth conference...hope you all who are going have fun
on the way to school 
Just getting ready to take my big girl for her pre-school booster jags 
@JillBalisciano what made you think that? nursing school is never over they find cruel and unusual ways to torture us 
I have work experiance now: its a first school where sheep live.. I hate small kids 
WAAAAAHHHH, school  and I spilled apple juice on me.
off school, crappy ill 
@nashworld school's internet is wonky and I can't stream fast enough-I watched your last seminar...  
awww poor buck he keps getting caut on my school jumper 
hopes the school will change its mind on what is about to happen, ireallydontwant! 
is worried about the new school term and all the commitments it will entail. 
Out of school. I'm going to miss everyone so much!  &lt;3
@Karinaaaaaaaaaa I actually miss school for once cause drama, I hate being ill  ferny been shouting?
i have to write a boring geography essay for school 
@CharlesDefon I haven't had apple crisp since middle school lol 
my baby girls is at summer school kcamp  and I'm  sad cuz she growing up... 
Is lazy but has to go to school to study hard for pol sci 
@twsuccess so, you won't help us with our teacher  ?
Just woke up.. No school .. I lost followers 
just got back from my 1st class of summer school, econ. oh joy 
@hannykin there was once an idle friday blog, but i can't remember how to get there  not sure, i think during the school's fest.
The 30stm yearbook is shit! I miss download! 
saddest day of my life! my fave music teacher is leaving my school 
@SophieLouiseJ I has people from school too! 
i don't want to go to school anymore 
They have my whole school and the clients in one room...they said tornados!!  
@MDCandi923 i'm going to college after this summer, and i learned english at school lol ... yea i'm from germany  but i'm not german lol
Trying to find a decent school for my son 
#iconfess i wish i had went to college after highschool 
i reaallyyy wanna go to school. as crazy as it may sound, i kinda need school. i miss my friends so badly 
sleepy  but... checking student central constamtly... only 2 of my marks out of 4 are up! gah. and baking had made me a blob.
hates studying.... I just graduated and I'm back in school studying   
On the way to school..i hate this driver  argggggggg!!!
why wont school just closee 
im at school  in science. which i am failing. terribly
Ugh school.. Then work oh joy 
@saykendrawithme I have school anyway BUT I will prob cry if you dont too lmao 
omg I'd rather be at school than on break 
uhg, have 2 finish this stupid religion project 4 school. 
Going camping I hate to pack but i have to  plus i have to go to school and do nothing 
@HayleyyFitch luckyyyy!!!! i have to suffer through school until next tuesday 
no matter what i do for this chem regents i am never gonna feel prepared  ughh school sucksss just a few more daysss..y is it takin 4ever?
so tired doing this thing for school 
hates carrying big bags to school... i feel like i'm just going to get mugged 
@captainplanet93 No we couldnt find it and cant get onto it at school 
 can't believe this. my school officially sucks balls! i missed the deadline for a film class and now they won't let me apply! IMAKILL.
friends. I love missing class and helping. Just everything about school. I feel like crying. 
sickk  school almost done though! i have sooo much on my mind...
is it time to go back to school yet? I want my @ahamkaara, @eveninggirl and @AlexCLange whenever I want them! 
@heyashleyy i'm at my mom's school and she said we weren't leaving until like 11 so i couldn't go 
Caping it past the high school just isn't the same anymore 
school   i think ill stay in bed for a bit first,
On my way to school. 
came back from school gotta headache  follow me fellow twits 
Is making swiss roles first lesson at school and is not happy 
@bradiewebbstack 4 oclok is better for most i think, my school doesnt finish till 3:15 like some other schools 
i miss the gym...see this is what happens when you have exams! school always gets in the way 
Is washing his plates then off upstairs to get ready for school 
is getting ready for school in a sec ... 
Is major sleepy in school  Even the net's not that entertaining
psssh wont get my new laptop till after school starts 
i feel soo sick it isnt even funnyy  hope school wasnt to boring without me. xxxxxxx
 stupid school made me miss my call 
back from school.  I`m such a loser.
@mrbonbon please don't go to school ever  the traffic is so bad as it is.
@rainingbows i hate it  lol nah i bet you miss me, i actually want to go to school so bad haha :|
and it's kinda being taken away from us  :-&lt; I REALLY, SERIOUSLY hope this epidemic stops ((((( Not just because I want the school...
@himynameisrose can't use it at school cos we can't connect to the internet at school 
unfortunately awake!  school sucks!
Reeeeeeeally sick of school and homework an tuition. Someone come rescue me on a horse  http://sml.vg/K9LxS0
just had a phone call from school asking where my daughter is :S last i checked she was walking into school. gulp! 
I want to go home  This school is like jail... -.-&quot;
just had my last exam so school has actually finished but i never thought id say this but ohh 
Today's my first absent at school. 
@lykagonzalez usual stuff... school's still NOT suspended 
I don't feel like going to school anymore.. 
Oh darn. I have sooo much to catch up with my anime watching and school. Because of our trip, I've been waaay behind. 
My cough got worse  i'm not going to school.
I am going to miss my high school life.. 
Oh my god i'm the only non teacher in school right now 
@avivaevents im trying! but school  is getting in the way 
UUUUGGGHHHH.... school sucks at 7:30 a.m. 
@Gioiaa jealous! i want a milkshake too  have to be at school till 4 oclock. well, have fun! ;)
ahhh school horibble im have no finals left yet i still have to be here... 
It's terrible to have exams when everyone else is allredy finished with school  just woke
Understanding children final, then back to bed till 1,then driving school 
@midgetmum @HiToYou nope they were teachers at our school!! and yes nstill having lots of trouble 
gettin the little one ready for school and then off to work 
ahh.. in the school... sucks  
who knew that drama hw would take my away my non school hours 
@carla_it....and you too....but you don't know it.....i saw you at school and I think you're amazing....but you don't believe me.... 
i am so tired!!!!!!!!!!  ill be at school...till around lunch...ttyl! :\ who wants to keep me company and have my cell#?
hubby returns back to work  well getting ready to take girls to class for some art! yay! then lunch &amp; drop joy at school busy busy...
Is go the school yard getting wet. I don't know how to reply to people from my phone 
have to do a lot for school 
@bong_leech ahh no its not!  ima be late to school 
So last nights last outgoing message was pointless..now ill be bummed for school fml 
FACT: I was the fastest runner in my year at primary school (only second fastest at secondary school  )
@LizChoe why aren't you going to the laker parade?! I have school 
at school and very boring (summer school)   but its ok
sad = sometimes parentals think school is more important than music 
On the way to school,  gna be a loner again!
@nansen Especially when you need your laptop for school and taking notes during lecture.  They're so pricey too.
I will miss homeroom 202 
i could use a break. straight from school to work. 
it doesnt stop there either, u will find tears at his other grads too. wait til high school  that one will bring some wetnesx.
is sad that school is over... missing friends already... 
heeiughighieheai, why did my mom have to pick me up so early so I didn't get to see him after school 
Ahh. I'm so confused, this adult school craap sucks ! Haha. 12 - 3  , welll. Peaaceout? Haha.
I need to start looking for a new job. I haven't been at this one long but I don't think it is going to work. I want to go back to school 
@stevijean I actually miss her, the only teacher I think I'll miss 
i want sherry back at school. don't go to backwell!! 
is up before the birds...taking my big girl to her first school camp 
im annoyd they hav blocked fmylife on the school computers 
boredddddd :$ i wna go back to school  xxxx
i miss my friends  i wanna go to school!!
@alliejsmith that's awesome! I can't fit in any of my dresses from high school. 
So tired and sleepy but still need to go to school! 
I am hungry, haven eaten anything before going to school 
I miss high school and friends 
@NLS_yt the series was called what i go to school for. it 215 episodes long &amp; i've watched all the way from the beginning i get attached 
I know I am so glad school is over but I'm also kinna sad.  at least no more homework!!! YAY!!
I'm sad I had to leave my teacher, actually. 
@sikkmentality Really why not? damn my gay cuzo worked at the landmark bb. but its true no more us in school together 
@cynthiavega yeah she's the art teacher at my school and she might get layed off 
@mikeysss i didn't get to sign your yearbook  and you didn't get to sign mine 
@sugarcanes awww but you gotta go maryanne i haven't seen you since school 
sorry  @qylala..cannot go to school...will call you
Hashing out med school/grad school lists for us....and i'm coming down with something again! 
Mehh I actually went 2 school 2day  boo stupid &amp; mean science teacher!!
V friendly and sweet student used homophobic language in submission to school mag   
im not ready to leave high school 
@dancintres I took modern ballet.. I'm outa school now though so no more dance 
Off to school in a min 
just woken up to go to school. i hate it so very much, help me... 
[...] it being cancelled due to a confirmed case of swine flu from one of our students. I guess our school's gonna be closed now? 
No i don*t calling with my boyfriend...i sitting at school and it*s so boring 
Is up and on the bus on the way to school... Really cba to go  x
at school dreading my greek lesson l8r 
Walking to school the sky is so blue  too bad its not friday 
Has been dealing with a poorly child since 4am so much for our school trip 
on my way to school 
omg,visiting daughters new classroom today - she starts school in august, next thing i know she'll be movin out and dating unsuitable men 
@james_1990 lol poor thing stuck at school!? I feel sorry 4 u 
@JoLes107 i miss youu! go to school now!  you should met our new classmates they're awesome. but, i miss @jes1129! 
im gonna miss the school, the teachers, and most of all, my friends. but, its the time to go our seperate ways. unfortunately 
school  i don't like thursdays but thankfully this is the real last one!!
school for math exam soon, tooootaaalllyyy goin to fail 
just woke up sooo board i really don't wont 2 go 2 school  stupid play grrr!!!
im sad just found out my high-school crush is married    so sad!!!!
Getting ready for school. How is it that i have nothing to wear? 
gosh - school really sucks - i hate it and i think i have a crush on A  xoxo m
I hate the fact that school is on a hill ... Why didn't I get the bus? 
no more school... parents are out.. brothers at school... all alone 
gahh  youthy school rush 
i'm about to enroll in the most intense summer school courses ahh...i guess i might be gone aug-sept afterall 
going to school.  im getting tired of this
just had lunch, back to school now  xx&lt;3
Just hugged my boss goodbye. He was my elementary principal, high school principal, and my boss for the past 2 years. It was so sad. 
i have just blitzed majorly!!!!!!!!!!!! feel very good now .... wont last, as soon as school run it will be tip again! 
@xSTEPHYB I was sooo hyped when school ended . .  The biddies was supposed to be out &amp; everything! Now all I get is rain 
school email needs to be faster. 
starting the rutine..on my way to school 
leaving to school wish me luck on my midterm 
I already miss some people I went to school with. 
just got up, really want to go back to sleep bit have to get up and go to the high school 
school, my tumy hurts 
My sons last day of Preschool before Kindergarten.   They grow up so fast!
@rainerafael there is an event in our school. and my aunt didn't want me too. ( i'm really so sad about it. 
@aron93a aw!  did anyone show up at school?
damnn school thing tonight 
teacher never showed up... I could still be in bed! 
@LCzinha girl these questions are hard as heck..i'm over here thinking I didn't learn anything in nursing school! 
On my way to pick up @xdancexfreakx from school. I am starving, feed the hungry! 
so tired. i want to sleep. got my wee brothers school show tonight. really can't be bothered 
good marks in school is pretty amazing but 2morrow big maths-classtest (called zentrale klassenarbeit) and I've got fear 
I'm bored, and i don't want to go learn  Why does school exist? I wish it was a nightmare.. Than i can wake up and it's over!
@OCchaleee I'm stuck at a ghetto middle school graduation. I'm sure yours can't be as bad as mine 
got to revise   stupid school messed up my chem exams if i do shit tomoz i got no hope in a C :'(
@leahjbfan ohh really?? woahh i went on at 10ishh at school and it was workingg then. i really dont like it though 
hi everyone!!!! just in my computer... bored!!! miss the school!! 
going to school  hahaha is soooo damn boring
no one wants to take me to school 
Still sick  wanting to go back to my boca school asap.
My sister is graduating from high school tonight.  I can't believe it...I remember helping out in her preschool class!!!!  
Working on getting my school work done. I'm never going to get out of school at this rate! 
naptime is no fun without my other teacher here to keep me company 
summer is here &amp; im still not feeling it all cause of this crappy school 
on my way to my cousins high school graduation. i remember when we played with barbies and baked from our easy bake oven 
wishes her classes would post grades already so she knows whether she failed out of ucla or not. 
miss my friends, miss our breaks, miss our classes, miss our school works in groups..miss all...guys you mean a world to me.. I swear.. 
dilated pupil... i can't see well 
my high school french teacher died  I didn't like him, but it's still sad when someone dies.
@vodafonenz R u g0in 2 b givin' them away online? I can't go 2 those places, i'm @ school. 
YAY no more homework!! but i really gonna miss my school  this year went really fast but i cant wait till grad (L)
@deirdreFTW I'm picking up geo outside of school and my mum's insisting I study over the summer. 
@TheLastDoctor But I am NOT a boy!!!  (oh dear primary school playground all over again)
My baby is now officially off to middle school! 
@TWCZach Wow, I remember my middle school graduation in 2006. It felt like it was just yesterday. 
@i_DOMINATE a 59?!?! wow! what was your worst grade this whole school year? math- 27 ( no clue HOW i did that... ) in science - 45 
watching neds declassified school survival guide reminds me off when i as in 7th grade 
I wish school would just hurry up and start...I can't believe i just said that...I need to find something to do 
all i can say is i really hate school and i am SO not looking forward to this report card 
well, since school started. i don't tweet that much. sorry guys 
working out, bed super early tonight.. I miss school. 
at school making flash..i'm so sick of it right now.. 
@ohheyitskristen  I know right! too far awaaay to make plans!! I wish I'd known we had the same music interest back in high school 
its finally summer, school is out, and im more sick then anything 
Finally going back to school after 10 yrs....and might have to cancel my trip because of it 
Off to bed after i get off the phone with tiff. the next time i tweet ... there will be no more school. no more 7th grade.      
Missing my baby.  ready to get a job and ready to be done wit school. Not ready for my bd to leave when i go back to school -star*
I want to go back to school. I don't like this one bit 
can't go to school..  m sick.. ( its a must pa naman to be there.. craaap.. 
Sitting here going over my transcript, trying to fiqure out where I'm gonna get the cash to pay for film school in this economy 
 i can't drive myself to school until december, even though i'll be eighteen already. exception?
Just got back from riding my horses!!!  Trying to get up the motivation to write my research paper for grad school. 
No school = more distant from friends 
not ready for my crush to leave middle school 
Off to school..  i have no choice! but hey, i see my besties! 
@JonesBeach_1988 yeah we are I have to get up and drop the twins at school @ 8:30 
Yesterday I had a final lunch+get-together with my classmates and teachers. After exams they all leave for their various schools. 
After watching the other students enthusiastically stabbing their grapefruit, I am no longer looking forward to practicing on each other 
waiting for kiddies to get up for school , yet again ,such a routine 
I didn't get to even ask for his name and do the pep talk shiz  but I'm positive we're in the same school.
getting ready for school, way tired. tonights the nights for coursework i think 
@srh_natalia wow hamburg  cool but i never  visited eropa   km in high school , junior high school or university?
i hate getting up for school  its harder than choosing what to wear [/girl
can't find a mate on my school's intranet. 
@tarynminch lol ur twitter updates are from effing school, and ughh job searching!-school is right around the corner again 
is on her way to school 
is feeling much better, back to school on monday 
i miss my old school.......soooooooooo much. 
damn... i still have to go to school on my birthday 
does anyone know which good schools? maybe st. peters...ahah...ha..h..a.. 
. . late session+ early school run=tired&amp;moody! 
on my way to school.... 
doesnt want to leave school  will never put my uniform on ever again 
@camiknickers Oh no, smelly teacher fail 
awww. never got any reply from archuleta. lol, anyways, i totally miss my former grade 9 classmates  C.A.T was fun but tiring though.
@PULLINGTEEETH I thought you left school  It's been fun being a freshie so far )
needs to start english and finish textiles! grrrr school 
@omgmayhem yeah but i need to pick subjects to go to school, if i won't do it, i won't get to school &gt;.&gt; and i dunno what to choose 
I miss my high school friends. 
I hate school..why does anyone has invented the exams 
I think I am becoming a snob  I totally pretended I didn't recoginise an old school friend on the bus because she is a down and out 
hooray, off school early. Disasterous chemistry exam though. I might have to resit 
welcome back to me! my daughter has one of those teachers i wish would stay with her through highschool. 
lessons of weekend: rests--the opposite of stress. well, yes, but the activity in line tomorrow is not exactly exciting. PTA meeting.. 
@aaatics yepyep i will miss my highschool soon 
school? school is very fun. speaking of school, gotta go do my homework. it's a lot i tell you. so have to start now. 
my sister just graduated elementary school  tear tear
why don't i get the hot teacher for competitive effectiveness?  a
can't believe that june is almost over.....that means school will be right around the corner 
my bff is changing of school 
finally done school and exams now feeling sick as a dog - goodnight 
@DudeItsToya im outta here @ 3:30! BUT i have school 2nite 
miss school already...  i wanna go to school and listen to all the business things and do business test and see all my classmates!! 
i'm sick at school and my mom wont pick me up. 
i misss my friends i want school back 
I am photo re touching bees, I am so glad I have 4 years of art school under my belt 
is actually kinda sad school is over  but really excited for summer!
well im still sad about it being summer in a way seing that im still wearing school merchandise 
@yazxjb we might as well be in school with all the bio work 
I do not like school, sorry mom!!!! 
At work acting like a school kid waiting  for  the  clock  to strike 2:30 pm to go home!!....  WTF!!! It's only 1:30 pm 
@shesgot2haveit yeah, a lot of catholic schools in the city are closing this school year because of the economy 
school's out, missing my friends that graduated already 
@doodledawne I have never gone on a school trip and never will lol. I am a bad mum 
Still trying to pin point some good fundraising ideas ...we need to support the arts in our childrens schools 
cant go to the high school graduation  bye spok!!!!
my culinary math has failed me, i shouldnt admit to going to culinary school 
doing bad at school, i must get a good report or i think ill cry 
@nicolerichie school bathrooms are if not worse than public toilets  shamefully, yesterday
@charles yesm I am fully aware I said traffice twice.  I need to go back to school.
I wanna get back to school.... I miss him....a lot. 
june 20th : omg, ill miss jhs seriously, friends teachers schools 
i never went to section  A yet in my school !  don't know why though
Should BNP members be allowed to teach in schools? http://tinyurl.com/nmgdoo 
@KylieAAM  i think i missed both of it.    anyway school spoils the whole thing :\
Feeling fancy. And missing all my friends who are in school right now 
watching high school musical 2 on disney channel. getting kind of bored 
im sad  (nothing to do with school) (trust me)
@yojanellee i know huh . and school starts on mnday so i have a hectic schedule na . 
@laqueenbee ugh so have i but i havent been able to go to like any concerts of theirs or just any in general. but my teacher went to one. 
@AndraeRaMone nooooooooooooo!!! don't talk abt my school like that... 
Thinking of ways on  how to adjust with the new school. I really miss being in SGES. 
End of school party was fun! I'm still depressed though, it's weird thinking that I won't see the seniors next year 
@Ladiebuggie no i didnt have a party  i wanted to! im just sooooo glad im Finally out of high school 
missing my high school friends so much, life as a student isn't the same without them 
@defunkd i had that gary numan tee in high school. like every tee i had back then - wish i never threw out 
People out of high school who talk down on those still in hs or younger are lame. 
UGH, school wont give my mom the marks 
i don't want to go to school anymore huhu 
Just went to 8 my old high school miss hearing those annoying bells 
ugh! gosh..  my brother gets really annoying everyday. i hate bad influences at school  
is tryna make christina watch high school musical with me..but she won't 
TRYING not to panic :| i never thought i'd say this but.... i don't want to miss school  my blockmates share the same sentiments...
@zoziekins Aww, that sucks. all my friends are like 19 already, so i couldn't go out with them before  i started school a year earlier.
misses all my friends from school i wont be able to see them till august 
twitter is gay...it needs a school section to find people easier 
@riversideboy  4 dayss!! woo, its with the school so i dunno  i WILL find somewhere with a laptop, i WILL get on twitter!!! determination!
liv is throwing my school books out  i might still need them even after 5 years why does she not understand? x
man, i want to be back at chapel hill with the entire school this time, i hated my ctops group, everyone was obnoxious 
i want to go to school  i reaaally miss it and i want to see 'him'. i miss him already  is it love? or a crush? WHY is life so hard?
says i really really really miss my high school moments right now!  http://plurk.com/p/12fyip
@jessieos  yes but i'm missing out on stuff.. weirdly i wanna be @ school
romy &amp; michelle's high school reunion is an amazing movie! but its making me sad at the same time cuss its bringing up some old memorites 
@greggrunberg and the only reason i have a nokia is cos i'm a student; my monies are going on grad school 
i had a dream about school and now i want to go back 
took a bike ride with kinsey to my old elementary school and the guy kicked us off the playground  haha
UGH ! I miss schol already  !
i don't like my English teacher, she's soo unfair!! 
No more school!  and i'm going to go wash dishes right now 
@chelseaheath   aw  ha , when you coming back to school?
went to the ball. i feel rubbish coz i never finished school n i went to 2 different high schools ! 
yeah ! its sunday ! but we have a meetings about how to in at high school ! so tired 
Is no longer in high school 
oh men.. school again tom. 
I just found out one of the teacher's at my high school died. I never had her, but her husband was my teacher in 11th grade. I'm so sad. 
There'sno toilet seat covers in the bathroom at work! It's high school all over again 
You'd think, when i finally end school, i'd be able to catch up on sleep. I haven't been able to sleep in  wah..
&quot;win or lose, we're team mates&quot;. too bad my school isn't beast like east high 
@hisydneyxo haha. that's the show we wanted to go to, but we have school 
tired.. can't be stuffed to go to school 
want to go to school...I miss my dhie 
first week of my college, darn just like high school, lots a homework. 
@AdieJonas i wish i could just quit lmfao. sadly, i have to pay for school 
first week of my college, darn just like high school, lotsa homework. 
@ddlovato I'm in ct too! and I also cannot sleep, but I can't sleep because of stress from school  &amp; I wish I were going to your concert!
@LionNdLamb get well soon. school wont be the same with out you tomo 
i'm tired. gah school tomoro  what sucks more is i have from about recess to lunch free and i can't go home.
is missing soooo many updates on paramoremusic since school started 
I must learn a lot for the school.  It is boring. 
is sitting, wondering, hoping, wishing. i don't really want to go to school  health first up then maths, then dance! ahhh.
@kaszhumeyh Aww... sad...  but how's school there?
i want to go to school tmrw. 
wow I cant believe i'm actually going to say this...I miss high school, tear 
@arbonnetally can't tues night--got puppy school   what's going on tues?
Oh no school. Weekends are gone so fast like that 
watching futurama and just thinking about stuff, really cant be bothered with school anymore... 
@ohmygarters gahh ihy school!! *hugsss* I need hugs too 
should do her german homework .   that sucks . I need holidays . -&gt; school until 10th july !!!!!!! D:
I have to reach school by 8.30 because my grp mates don't have a thumbdrive. 
graduation on mondayy, school ends on wedensdayy, im gunna miss everyonee, iluu all, well most people &lt;3  :S
feels way out of touch with people from school. 
@Giilliiaann yeeah, we had to do it in school, i have an essay to hand in for thursday about it 
this is how I feel right now ---&gt; http://bit.ly/hbfdn  too bad school is out and I can't get him back 
@mtuip the nerd bird is turning into a school bus. 
It's so unfair that everyone has no school. 
i'm starting to hate this teacher!! ughhh! 
is at school..and I have a class thats from 5:50pm to 9:50pm..ughhh.... I had the teacher before and she is soooooo boring to listen too! 
@EaseDaMan my best friend went..was dumb tight! I got whiffelball in the school yard and school lunch in the summer 
Wishes she was still in high school 
@M1chaelEvans I don't have many friends here either  I want school to start back
i wish there was a good bball school for me to go to in brooklyn, i wouldnt have to leave 
My teacher hates me!  I feel super bullied by her!
i'm leaving msp and don't know anyone at the high school 
@LaurenConrad man , i wish i was at that signing but i still have school 
they tore down the big tree at my old school. very sad to see it gone 
on the same day I'm planning lunar orbit insertion maneuvers, my high school calculus teacher passes away  
just looked at grad school applications. oh dear lord 
@jameschau maybe we need some policies to let schools teach such classes. I asked my roomates, they even didn''t know much about it  pity
no sports for me next year  gotta look for something outside of school...
@moanyboot Peace and tranquility inside a school hall .NOT 
@nandiaramos Mean law school, keeping her away from us  And the damn timezones. *kicks them*
My wife's school is falling off a cliff slowly, now she's on hold, and we stay here who knows how long 
school was okay  tired now  mum'ss moaning i think ? :|
overdraaaFFFFFFTTTTTTT and all my roommates are away from school so I can't ask them for help  can't deposit here..
im at school *great* and i have a teacher2 spots away from me and i dont know if im allowed on twitter this sucks especially the teachers 
I hate school.. everyones done but me.. til 9th july.. happiness 
in the school,   hahah bored about everything 
@laure_f nope, we just resumed school 
@tdickinson I wish I could get an underpaid student grunt job to be honest, anything to do with what I went to school for 
I'm at this summer school play  bunch of little kids man
Sounds freaky but I miss going to school 
Tuesdays are... you guessed it, Tuesdays. At the library getting stuff done. I forgot how boring school is 
trying to come up with my business plan. its hard juggling school and work. 
Oh man. I don't want to go back to school 
My daughter has nits  and it's her primary school graduation tomorrow. She knows exactly where she got'em - visible in her friends hair..
officially done teaching piano for the school year!   now I'm off to my moms to help her thru surgery 
@sarahraub28 i wish we were at school and could go as a family again! i am so stoked to see this movie and i have no one togo with!  wah!
im going to stop butchering the spanish language now lol i should have studied it more in high school 
I am officially leaving school. Last person out of the building by far. 
sick  at least i don't have to go to school
: can't get over about my teacher!!! He reminds me of sum1 special!! and its making me crazy!! waaaah!! 
My gov grade dropped to 103.7% 
Off to school soon!!!  So bye, my friends will be here soon!
@FairyFreak6969 im sad im leaving too  biut you have school
somebody asked if i flashed my teachers to pass in school 
@seancallanan to tell you the truth no because I do not have my sub contractors licence which I have to goto school for 
@HannahMcClellan they just planned something right before I go back to school without realizing it..so we can't go then 
oops i ment camping trip LOL but school calls  got to get my education
breakfast at school.. I don't know if you're the right one for me 
just got my school report.......... have to say im not very impressed with myself 
am so not ready for school! 
thankgod tmrw school finishes! loving macs new video  &amp; starving for macas 
I have to go to school now  I'm the only one awake! D:
hay.  i think i have enough on my plate already. school might have to wait a little while longer. 
So there's a school of 15 y/o kids comin from denver on my flight. At baggage clain the teacher was counting them and counted me 
I could kick my ass for going to school i should have skipt school like all the others  now I'm sad because the sun is shining so bright
10 mins till leaving for school 
off to school  the weather is way to nice for school
Geting bag then heading to school  But back at munch 
Outside school my hips are hurting from the rides at the hoppings i need sleep! 
friggen school.. so stressed at the moment  , they changed the date of the athletics carnival, so i will be missing classed now on tues!!
It's not raining.  But im glad there was no school. I have nothing to do.
off to school.. 3 exams! I i miss that one guy..just wish he'd reply to my texts.... 
has to go into school this eveningg for swing band for a leavers ball bore offf please 
i don't want to be quarantine  i don't wanna miss school :|
in school and dreading pe 
Getting ready for my final school assembly  I think I'm really going to cry this time, some bring tissues please.
sitting in the school library bored doing nothing  free periods are good but not when your the only girl 
@Gripping it just looks so much neater than public schools. i didn't like our blazer, it was boy-cut. they have a girly-cut one now... 
in inlove with my teacher 
Getting ready for the last day of Highschool  &amp; And the first day of the rest of my life.. wow..
my nieces are 'mengaji' and praying, suddenly i miss my elementary school 
I miss my high school babes 
is bored of the whole schoolday... 
since when has my life became full of maths...i thought i got rid of this in high school 
no classes till july 6 . our school cancelled it for precautionary measures regarding ah1n1 . sheesh 
@One_StepCloser im not going to school...or riding sheep 
getting readdy to go to school. It feels so weird with out andres and diego 
My school sucks 
just got back from talking to my mom just found out that william was moving out  so i will have to face high school alone
i miss my school buddies, i havent seen them for ages  
Ugh, I hate school  I got a lot of hmwork to do.
I woke up late  on my way to school to take an exam 
is having a sadface fest because its raining and he left school early 
didn't go to school...got the cold 
miss my school so much 
i don't want to go to school yet! stupid typhoon.! it's gone when you just need it to stop classes! i don't wanna loose you! don't go. 
Still doin uni work... got to take lil boy to the doctors for his pre-school injection 
@littlefroggypie Not realleh. :-j But they never mentioned anything about classes being suspended. ;) How's school lonely? 
Going into school soon to empty my locker and hand in my form for new york =/  i want to do something fun! 
...with all things to catch up in school 
is curently at college doing nothing that has anything to do with school i'm incredably board 
History is killing me  And I forgot almost everything that has been taught in school before the holidays.
@Melissica no only went to school on monday  -how r u?
don't know what i want to do after high school anymore 
Off school cos of my ankle 
its nice waking up to the sun. toodles gloom! getting ready for school. @marlaenalita sowwwwiee besty 
need to find a beauty school student to clip my ends.  might have to take off a few inches by now 
Dangit summer school sucks in so many ways 
sian school is going to reopen on monday 
On my way to school... Yay 
no skating today  mimimi though going to the school later to take chemistry and writing classes with louise and ricardo hahah
i cant beliave school is over!   its soo sad! i mean, i hate school but im gonna miss everyone sooo much! =(
school was moved again to m0nday, i'm not sure if i should be happy or not..no fuss yet no allowance..sheesh, be broke soon 
@ work and then &quot;school&quot;..... 
ok, i'm off to school. i'll stop bothering everyone lol wish me luck at school 
feels pity for two students molested by a their own teacher.   (annoyed)|| good evening guys.  http://plurk.com/p/n19b4
@makethingstalk yeah... his mum was our school secretary! 
@nuggetstump hey there  texas is cold! the music is going goooood. i havent had time to do much with it lately because of school though ):
Just had three dreams where i was supposed to be at school. I  as freaking out! Tgisb 
@30secondstomars http://twitpic.com/2xfyp - How can you get this yearbook? Looks fantastic.. 
Skippingggg school to get donuts with my friends is what keeps me going 
the pictures are taken, now I just want to get back to school and try it out!  oh karo, what would I do with out you?
@candicee93 haha okayy  uhmm I'm on the softball team @ my school and we won haha
ive decided i should have gone 2 culinary school  i like food way too much
@jguy5991 that's awesome- you're going to the school you want and you're not going to be in debt 
@eagleclaweight wasn't me  I swear. Waaaaaaay too busy with a middle school lock-in
I hate saturday school. Its so boring I want T 
watching 'jumpin jack flash'. I love movies from the 80s, bringing it back old school 
@souljaboytellem souljaboyyyyyy i saw you @ my school last nite! you rocked son!!! representtttt  xoxoxox
DawnRichard: I wanna go back in time and have focused more on school 
giddy like a school girl 
@grandb06 *gasps* that sounds like fun!  You'll see how hard high school really is 
can't go back to school. havent finished anything. might just go catch a train somewheres instead 
@aileenmachine yeah  i go to a private school in sacramento. :]
so both sweetpea and I are back to school/university 2moro - reality bites. It's been a great break tho  feeling rejuvinated.
@reedcarlson i have eastern orthodox teachers 
On the topic of social networks, can someone tell me how to deal with 100+ twitters in parallel? But then again I might be to old school 
@IvanIker awesome, party for all the ppl who are stuck in school!  #asot400
Things that matter: middle school ONE 
@fieldsofgarlic assigned as a student or a teacher?  I hate those &quot;corporate men&quot;.   
@ work... Very busy and happy to see an old school friend 
ahhhh!, going to sleep. school in the a.m. 
at school waitin' for focus study to start 
@NJShadow If you like 2D fighting games, especially of the old school flavor, I say its a must buy. 
On my way to school in about less than and hour  i don;t like school seein' as i dint do my coursework mwahahahahha! 
Something like school.. 
my brother just found out that he passed the audition nand got into my school  yey!!
@kentgarrison tweeting from school  rebel much ? I love you all as in FTSK , your awesome  x
@arthur01022 school loves you. 
Thanks to my earlier error, the children are still wearing their school uniform.  It's time to get them changed to go out  
survived her first day back at school...but now has the inklings of a sniffle.....damn those snotty school kids.... 
back from school  i'm hungry i should eat something
@RobMeade I'm in the school of know where your food comes from! 
now it's sport... best part of school imho 
I'm tweeting during school, how naughty 
eating ice    at school haha
Off to school to make the big bucks! 
souljaboy yu are really cute.  [(im getting ready for school.)]
doing school, have english right now 
school. clean. picnic with lance. 
chicago next friday  off to school. (new music up!)
back from school and eating momys cake and drinking coffee 
school was a darg, but atleast it is sunny  and going out soon, only becuase katy is buying me food  ily!
Just arrived at school. We're talking about meat and stuff  mmmmmmmm..
back to school, wasnt too bad. james bought doritos  haha
anyway - off to school now! 
at school, learning financial stuff. It sucks. 
finds herself at the library after finish exams. the esplanade library, that is. 
so happy it's break!  can't wait to put my eyeliner on....ahhh no school! how good is that?!
About to try going to the gym to work out before school...I believe I've finally transitioned to full-on insane. 
Enjoying the peace and quiet before my children wake up for school 
@sunshinehollyyy Bahahahaha, it's pretty obvious, EVERYONE is cooler than me, especially you Holly, you're too cool for school. 
@dizzybunny cant say that im a big fan of school issues 
at school. missed 20 mins of class, cause the fire alarm went off LOL 
I happen to love school idk y everyones saying they hate it 
going to have a quick coffee b4 my luxnchtime stint at school... hopefully the kids will play nice, the sun is out! 
@LuvinMeSomeD I got 2 yrs. I am in school as well for them. So I get extra 
@digitallearnin Only problem I see with those classroom layouts is there are only 20 students  isnt Clsrm overpopulation the initial prob?
@edstetzer I graduated high school from there. If you drive east make sure you take a banjo and some duct tape 
haha long johns.yuk. im boreeddd and dont know what to do for the next two days of no school.... yay no school 
@zophasaurus I've just entered the exam rush at school, so busy times! But otherwise i'm doing really good and looking forward to summer 
@Jnizzle8 assuming you're jenny from school 
going to my bro's play high school musical 2 
@riandawson hit the lights. old school 
Biggest Congratulations balloon ever! I need to finish school forever more often  http://twitpic.com/4fcuw
@kezzibugx3 hah yeah i did but i dont think she saw me=( lmao!. awww hunn haha think about school as a mall  teachers-cashiers haha 
just found yoga school in my town, have to try it this wed 
it appears that i have caught my sister's cold. YAY!!  ...sickness = no fucking school :]
is in the process of applying for grad school! I hope this personal success can continue 
@raquelblake we were in elementary school together ... like the third grade up or something weird like that, lol ... just being nosy! 
Typing up my last math portfolio of the school year  Its nice to know the hard work will soon be over for sometime
feeling good again in my room listening 2 music..i should probably start my school work soon tho 
@ohmoss come september i'll be going to art school in toronto. and you? (though judging by the gorgeous photos i can take a wild guess.) 
@cherryblossomb we aint say nuffin bad! lol.  except cally wants to twit you during school. lol.
lunch then exercise then school na  http://plurk.com/p/rns7r
all done  oon will be going to school 
@Roqayah oh wonderful, mashaAllah!  which law school? yay  i'm so proud of you ))
@mara_nerdgirl i thought you wanted a white one? only if you come into school and talk with that accent 
My teacher is absent 
@souljaboytellem holllaaa.. i dont know what ur up doing but im trying to finish up some work for school... bout to go to bed though 
I'm glad that I called him cause our relationship is clear now. Just happy to hear his voices eventhough he's absent from school 
morning everyone! another dat of school 
But on the bright side...no school 
got 1 after school detention. 2 lunch times and if i dont go to them. i will get 2 more after schools 
no school today, teacher cancelled the lesson  chillin'
says just passed by to say hi  busy with movie task from school =. = http://plurk.com/p/rozcz
im at school right now 
in IT-lesson at school and eating salad 
Getting ready for school, good mood already 
hey  backz here. school again. its rly boring but yeah 
msn-ing. no school  shouldn't there be more bank holidays? x
I skip school way too often  I'm rather proud actually.
Is now back at the school working on the bach.project 
Is going to school.  leave me stuff.
on my way too school. be back later... 
i deffinately need to clean my bookbag. but no time! i need to leave in the next 5 seconds to not be late to school. ...oh well 
i wish i could take my pillow to school. dead serious. 
is getting the kids ready for school before deciding the workout du jour   
almost time to take the kids to school 
so tired from school and work. shower than neighboures. 
Loves the fact that there's only 5 days of school left 
isnt going to school because theres no point. 
On my way to school! 
has been kinda nice break but it wont matter soon I'll be in grad school 
Skipping school like all the cool kids do 
I'll try to put together a list for a portfolio to put together along with a little bio on myself in my free time (school is stating) 
I am officially a kindergarten cop 
At the walnut high school prom with becca 
@jakeofficial How about give golf lessons?? AND sing to your student taking lessons??    (JAKEOWEN2009 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2S1Y)
im officially done with school til fall. 
@MariahCarey can your 500 hrs of beautey school fix that?  haha
im very much excited to go back to school 
my grandpa was telling me how they used to cut up human bodies in med school 
@LeslieCraig haha maybe someday I will be your publicist! that's what i am going to school for 
monday at the school  gosshhh what I've been waiting for 
@curioustwibbit Makes sense, I'd totally show off a girlfriend by asking her to wear her high school prom dress 
heading back to school... be back to the cape on tuesday! 
@bradiewebbstack shutup  i have school; but i hav a chicken sandwich  i think you should totally reply since i have to go to school 
http://twitpic.com/4x69a - This is my sunday school 
@ashleegaston my math teacher is pretty great. But my bio teacher is such a bitch. so are you and your sister close? 
is totally done with her slideshow for school!  Of course, after the computer crashed 12 times...
@rathsany summer school!? boo! skip that n come 2 a color class @ my salon 
going to bed.  school starts again tomorrowww.  goodnight friends. 
cleaning and thinngs, not very tired, back to school tomorow ): then with my bestie marisssssa! 
@rads -  my friends still bring up me fighting for marks. especially in middle school. sheesh!
@inappropwriting You may stay after school, miss.  
things are definatly getting better around here  minus my stupid school &gt;:[
All the chaos is coming together finally as school comes to an end...I think I'm going to get pretty good grades in all 5 of my classes 
@jdopaaa It's a wonderful thing to be done with school. 
keeps realizing that school is almost over and i'll be able to read my books soon!  http://plurk.com/p/t95of
back from school. I failed physics  im not too sure why im happy about it but, meh 
Just got an email from my 4th grade teacher. 
At school, working on a press release 
i am at school npw  cool D
getting ready for school. its fine arts night!  i think i look pretty cute. 
off to school!!! I could so go for a nap right now 
back at the barn today to feed the horses and go riding! I could really get used to going to the barn as part of a school project 
someone come bail me out of school! 
Leaving for school....blah atlest my peeps are there see you soon marilyn 
going to school then the dmv then going to see the boy twitter/text me 
I'm the blonde pre-school Teacher Nicca with stiletto red nails.  The kids must love me! 
the best day in school ever!  They were only 6 people in the classroom. hahaha &lt;3
back from school, eating some french fries and piiizza, unhealthy I KNOW but still yummy 
Everything is unblocked at school 
 got to drop off my space cadets at school. Its been a while...
I appreciate job shadowing and missing school 
@mariap91 i'd usually ask you about the sun and school now, but since i write these words too often, i won't 
i decided to follow everybody from school i found 
@BrittneyCash H-town. I'm going to focus on school the first semester at least so I can get into the honors college  I'm on hold atm haha.
@YupImSam I know! I'm excited tho  school is almost out
@melchapman  nah... but you should go LOL! well the last i had it was at school ! 
@DavidArchie hi.i saw ur interview with eugene..its funny! she's the one who said that you're classmates from u.s elementary school. 
I think I just found a friend from high school 
@adiktusnine LOL yeahhh anything to skip school  but sometimes being absent just gives us problems, like the piles of delayed work -.-
is thinking about going back to school again. One person in particular keeps inspiring me..... 
on his way to school. 
i am now dressed as a dag  i will be asking everyone at school some very dumb questions about twitter tomorrow at school haha.
@jaymc123 lol. yeah i'm old school with my wordage 
officially an alum of the best J-school in the world 
Listening to my out-of-school children complaining about waking up before noon - I hate them sometimes. 
shower. getting ready. competative plays. be there, hudson high school auditorium, 2 pm. (: text until then. 
@tomanthony ha ha - summer school 
is so done with high school guys. can't wait till college 
yay, went shopping got new clothes.  now im excited to go to school, as always though.
@coldflame95 your new vid is funny  xD high school musical 
ahh yes. i finished my two projects for school. 
school :[ though finished english cw 5 days before its due, i feel mighty proud 
bored school at 10:45 tmrw ; hit me up if your up 
I didn't want to wait til tmrw but I guess I have to cus she sleeping already. :/ it's cool  I'll see her at school 
i'm going to school now.. -runs off before misses the bus- 
@inlondonsing listening to school of seven bells, alpinisms. this is surprisingly good! different, but good. thanks for the suggestion! 
@MirandaBuzz hope you had a great birthday and i loved you in school of rock! 
is happy, which is good. planning on walking to school and listening to the fray. funtimes 
@ChrisCataluna vegas niice..it was pretty aweome  but now its back to school :p
just finished the letter for 'il scambio' (the exchange) with the Italian school  excitedddd much!!
All packed up and ready 2 go 2 school 
sitting right now in front of a school pc. actually i'm supposed to listen, but gaming  is more fun 
@trevoryoung eek! Another list I didn't make. This is just like school sport 
Walking to school(6form) all by myself but at least i have my ipod 
Maths exam at one so am going into school later to get extra rest and revision done 
My teacher mentor said I have excellent classroom management and great teaching approaches  Seems I have everyone fooled myess!!
hah school tmw i should be heading to bed, nite all 
@timstwit leave??? ur going to school??? 
@mellalicious haha I run old school adidas. I find they are more comfortable.  although puma limited edition go alright ;)
at starting point. school for under previlaged kids! short class and more fun 
I think I just found a friend from high school 
so tired . school was alrights but it went by pretty quick . tennis was fun  gotta study for exams 
@mrskaylajonas anytime girl!! i got to go eat breakfast and finish gathering my stuff for school. lylas!! 
In school, dunno why! The nurse is letting me sleep though which is really nice of her 
 getting ready for school. after i print out this song, fancy, i know.
im on the bus on my way to school ugh yay lol 
Yay my camp english teacher hasnt turned up 
just finished my english paper and getting ready for school 
is loving collingwoods wicket keeping, school boy cricket at its best!! 
skip school xxD ok actually just the last 3 lessons^^..lunch now  and @cynthiouuch thanks a lot, it helped )
going off to school now for maths exam, wish me luck please? 
@JayeLaSOLE yeah I go to school for sound engineering 
ew, school. Who goes to school anymore? Not me, i missed 23 days.  hehe
I'm on my way to school for maths. How exciting. 
last monday in high school. 
@ school...wanted to say hello 
Going to school, Last monday! 
&quot;The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire!&quot; Takn it old school. What is your favorite old school song or rap? 
off to school u guys! see u when i get home! 
In my way to school!!!! Only 4 days left!!!! Yeeeii 
not going to school sick 
my class is in ohio so im not going to school, but i am going to the store to get some lucky charms 
@ryanwaynefarro Yes.. I'm at school 
Lol about to drop off my nephew at school.......... So cute... He is so happy he now has his 1st set of keys.... He handsome.. 
going to schoool.  already there. haha
@SandiHockeyMom he sure does have personality  I love this age too. It is really fun!! I just wish school wasn't coming so fast, ya know?
@khel23 same here. june 8 also.  hmm. what school again?
@LeviBeamish lol i just watched your 'today at school' video! i forgot how funny it was  how did yu come up with that idea?!
found out twitter works at school! 
Goodmorning tweets!! Off to the gym after school  Hopefully I'm not too sleepy XD
@bmaynorx3 i love you too! I will be  you too driving to and from school darlin! I'll be home thurs 
is going to pick the brat up from school! Might buy him some ice creammmmm 
@karlhehr Solution - we're a tablet school; kids can write or type 
just woke up and is reading a book for school / eating cheerios mm 
@PENLDN I work in an adult ed/school in admin and events, it's cool I love my job 
smoking a ciggy before bed. LAST assembly at school tomorrow. high school is almost over! 
going to school now. will take pictures 
walking to school  the polkice yesterday told us to go out of the bull ring without our car(i was at school)
is off to school now. peace out all you fellow twitterers. 
im addicted to the sausage in the school canteen 
Watched track try outs after school 
Just dropped kids off at school. Now to get to work on time. 
no more school.... but a pd assignment on genital herpes. can't wait for that one 
@kassilysfm ahh I don't know just schoool and alllllll. And I refresh pages when i'm bored too. Tweets are entertaining 
we blacked out the school building and they tore the paper off, good job to whoever broke the fire alarm 
Going to take a shower and get ready to go to school to hand in some science coursework. Lol xxx 
went to my ols school! haha memories! 
out of high school forever 
@sofiesunshine 6th form and school production  hahah!  i am to cool! got a dilemma! it clashes with hair !need to chase teachers about!x
If I am made surplus, they have to find me a place at another school. Fingers are crossed it won't happen, I enjoy my walk to school 
school then spending all night witth andrew 
i just had a whole coversation with a spanish person in my dream on the bus ride to school.... 
cant wait to see my little princess get her first hall award at school this afternoon 
about to go to school is 40 or 50 or 60 minute's idk 
printing my essay.. making food.. getting ready.. school 
is in school nd is hoping for a great dayy 
Yay we have no school monday 
heading off to school...then after school....fun with pictures time  
took zach 2 school the last time as a 1st grader..either he is growing up or i am gettn older? lol... I am thankful for both.. 
I think my son hid his feet apperal so that he would miss the bus in an atempt not to goto school 
about to park. i hate riding with my brother AND school. tweet me? i'd be more than happy to reply 
I'm not at school or anything! 
hey pplz about to go to school so....ttyl 
waiting for my turn in the shower  no school til wednesday!!!
@angelneptustar  cameron is a toff as well def a public school boy
@devonblack Doesn't it remind you of grade school? But in a fabulous way? 
is starting school, and her wonderful cousin is somewhere else  come back!! lolz haha 
ahhh todays weird because all the seniors are gone. but at least it'll be quiet in homeroom. suck it 
Yay for blue skies  i love the freedom of not being in school &lt;3
@lilmissdisaster everythings good. I'm staying out of trouble. I'm done with school 
well i'm off to school: wearing a shirt i made freshman year.  can't wait till ralley
I can't wait for school to be over! grrrr! 
Sleeping in is very refreshing  on my way to school now, might stop at starbucks
going to school/: it's friday though 
@fan4lyf oh i didnt have school either! so i am amazing! 
So excited, halfway done with high school 
happy she got grants for school.  excited about the future 
(just got back from school!!!) I'm so excited we have a Tweeto Twibe group page  AHHH!! 
goood morniiing  i go to school now :*
@JNGold school/work/gym for me...all of which have wifi. 
eating my breakfast before i get to school for 1 mathematics test and then im back to prepare for the gala 
I think I'm going back to school! Too bad I already know everything 
Off to school to play some real football, no american stuff here 
almost done with my script, oy. and hopefully, my parents will let me go to new york for a week! ehhh! school is so close to being over! 
@ashleychow @johnchow asked us to do this: congratulations for graduating high school 
lauras lame and she is annoying me at school.  surprised the education department hasn't blocked twitter yet.
has kris allen's pre-idol ep on her ipod!!! super happy nearly high school graduate right here, right now. 
Listening to the classics tonight....some old school always does a body good 
The lockdown is over  all is well. Most exciting thing  that's happened at school ever
yaaay, @dougiemcfly have started to tweet more often   well, i have to go on school now, see you later ppl  ;)
hah your such a rebel skylar! you are leaving school  i know texting and twittering, your one of my twitts now!
I'm done with high school and I am a LRCH 2009 alumni! 
Practicing dance moves for the school formal!! 
@zeezaar haha. you should watch high school musical 3. it's a little cheesy, but good. 
Doesn't start school until 11.30 am  nice!
the only reason why i rolled out of bead todayy....last friday of high school. 
