Most common words for this cluster:
[('school', 1581), ('day', 645), ('summer', 255), ('days', 208), ('week', 206), ('year', 126), ('time', 111), ('morning', 74), ('weeks', 65), ('today', 55), ('hours', 51), ('weekend', 48)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'school', 0.7692969441413879), (u'day', 0.6777713298797607), (u'intersession_classes', 0.5996407866477966), (u'week', 0.5967658758163452), (u'elementary', 0.5955642461776733), (u'classtime', 0.5937843918800354), (u'Sun_Danyong_graduated', 0.5790001153945923), (u'semester', 0.5710723996162415), (u'summer', 0.5704258680343628), (u'schools', 0.5638343691825867)]





@ school  at least last day!!!!!!
I'm so tired, have to get up and go in to school during holidays for the 3rd time  xxx
i dont want to go to school tomorrow for an exam, after having one and a half weeks off 
its the holidays and i still bloody insist on waking up at school times 
its already 1 in the a.m. I need to sleep, especially since I have to be at school for 12 hours 
The one day i really need to go into school and i'm not well 
school time  ugh.
*yawn* time to get ready for school 
@mileycyrus awe I feel u i just woke up for school  hopefully we both have a better rest of the day.. &amp; I hope that includes meeting u lol
4 hours of school this afternoon 
Going to school and enjoying my last day as a 16 year old  but  too
just got home from school. had a long day in school today! 
@stroughtonsmith fuck why couldn't they hold it on a weekend I have school 
okie doke. going to school. hopefully i'll feel better throughout the day.  here goes nothing...
at school on another makeup day and sill hatin it 
I've had a headache for the last 3 days.  I don't want to go to school todayyyy
thinking I shouldn't have been drinking wine on a school night 
only one day left  -.-    i hate school
Just woke up, it was supposed to go shopping today but I've got too much homework so I'm not going  hate school... 61 days!
has the night off to do school work... there is lots to do.  
school is taking back the laptops over the summer.    I guess I really need to invest in my own now.
@qatia i miss you girl! 2 days and school  and then enlace  !!! anacecii!
This week has been awesome! I don't want to go back to school 
Night all. I can't believe I have to go back to school on monday  These past two weeks have flown by 
oh how i miss the summer of 07  i hate being away at school. i miss my friends.......
last day of spring break  it went by so fast and i don't wanna go back to school!
@gcrush i would love to but i have school projects all day boo 
should proberbly get to doing assesements i go back to school in a week 
is off to school tomoro afternoon.. 
doing some homework, because it's the last day of vacation ... I don't want to go to school tomorrow 
sad that all freedom will be lost on tuesday  school holidays will be over...
@WendyLHW how do i link it to facebook? will it send my facebook updates to this?  i'm super busy with school and planning summer reading 
the thought of school is making me depressed!  where the heck is marvin?? :o 3 days THREEE
@nnelson1129 really the next three weeks are going to be the hardest of my whole high school career...and i wish they weren't 
homework all dayyyyyyyyyyyy  so ready for school to be over and summer to begin (3 weeks!)
Oh no...school....just 14 1/2 hours till it riings again 
well im up now about to get a shower and start the day...not ready for school  this week shall majorly suck
last day before school starts after easter break 
urgh bak to school tomorrow  then fun fun 10 hour art exam a week or so later
1 more day of the holidays now, great, back to crappy old school &amp; no more waking up at 1.30 
have to finish a weeks worth of missed school all today. unfortunately that means writing 5 essays... what a joy 
 I need another week of spring break you have no idea how much I dread going to school tomorrow
I am soooooo screwed for school this week 
getting ready to go back to school for the week 
had a great weekend! now back to school 
ah.. i feel sick!  school in exactly 1 week!
urgh, half an hour and its school timesssss. 
At school for project. Already awake for like 3 hours, have school untill 18:45 then I have to travel 2 hours back  BORING
morning up for school!!!! 
it should be illegal to get up at this time of the day just for school 
Getting ready for first day back at school after easter break. 
wahhh school  unbelieveably jealous of @JasmineBagci, she went on holiday to turkey yesterday!
Morning all, last day of school holidays then back to early starts 
back from 1st daii of term 2, i already miss school holidays  
school in about 30 minutes 
has to go to an r.s. revision session in school today! That is just grim, i can't believe i havt to go to school in the holidays!!   
ugh school in 6 hours. 
My last day off before back to school 
at school, just had one of my exams got another one this afternoon  they're so harddd....
wooot, first day of school! secondary office:/ now has no pencil case thanks to mukas and italian dood  x
's spring break is over and she has to go back to school! 
@johnsens yea I know what you mean i have 1 day off extra then i have to go back to school 
@nicholasbraun atleast you get to sleep all day.. i have school 
Another day of school 
As boring as my spring break was, i wish i still had another week of it just because i DON'T want to go to school! 
off to a slow boring day of school 
first day back at school. 
lifes just great , to bad school has to go and ruin it all next week ! 
Leaving for school in 7 minutes. 
Trying to enjoy the last couple of days of the holidays before returning to school 
at school  getting through the day
Counting down the days left of high school.  11.5 to go.  not sure if  or 
is glad her 11 day working week is over! but back to school and an exam on wednesday 
Whoooops. Missed the train! I hope these profs cut me some slack: it IS the last week of classes!! 
Bout to miss my first day of school friday 
is getting for school.  I wish it was summer already.
about to go to school uhh just another awful day 
Only 6 more aeronautic classes! I cant believe there are only 3 weeks of school left.  I'm going to miss oxford over the next 9 months 
so tired of school and its only the first day back 
@ school..  can't wait to go home and sleep! earth day coming up!
just 2 more hours till school starts 
My last day off, have to go to school tomorow! 
enjoyed her first day back at school! my tights still haven't came 
thinks it's far too beautiful of a day for school. 
Just walking to school for first day back 
jazz_santi follows me now, hes freaking awesome, a great supririsie to wake up to...especily if u wear to be in school like 4 hours ago 
in bed for another boring day... missing school isn't all its cracked up to be. hospital haven't rang so still got this blooming cast on 
Another boring day at school 
I'm up and off to school  I've seen better days
is not out of school for another week and a half 
go back 2 school on monday 4 a month 
@peedi06 I LOVE YOU, PEEDI! I called you last night, but I think you were still in school. I have news for you.   
4 days no school, still 2 days left and i've got a lot to do  man school sucks. it takes in all your free time
Dreading going back to school after a week of horrible virus 
school party last night was flippin. now i have to study history  dnw.
back ta school on tuesday  exams in 2 weeks 
the thing that I hate about Sundays is that you know you gotta go to school the next day 
Just arrived at school for my team project so sleepy  good morning all
Helping at Chinese school = time I could be sleeping 
i miss dramatics  boo. haha. i miss 4th year  boo. i wanna go to school!
i dont want to go to school tomorow.  another depressing week. school makes children want to give up on life, i swear.
finishing my hw i got yesterday from school since i was out sick for 3 days 
school tomarrow  i need summer
school in the morning... ugh!! 
@kinnyboo; About to get my clothes ready for school in the morning 
a new school day begins 
not looking forward to school in the morning 
@leahmadison aww  what class are you in now? i'm bored of school too, so glad it's the last lesson for the day! :O
back in school again..4 hours of test before me 
end of vacation , time to come back at school! (sad)  
i didn't quite realized that there's only one month left till we go back to school again  it's all too fast
I have to go to this stupid information evening for school. Really not excited 
i guess i shouldnt be up, i have school in the morning 
@samebutdiffrnt nooooo i dont want to go to school  i had a month holidays and am happy to stay in holiday mode forever!
back to school for the next 5 days    
uuugh i haaaaate school  and monday mornings esp!
UGH i hate school days!!!! 
At school on senior ditch day all because i got a track meet 2maro 
Getting dressed for first day of work. Reminds me of first day of school...I wonder if anyone will sit with me in the cafeteria. 
enjoying the last day of the longest holiday ive had since leaving school 
hoping with all her might that the darkroom isn't flooded at school. that could ruin my midterm week for sure!!! 
Ah, recovery day...except for school. I have one right foot to nurse that does NOT want to wear kitchen clogs 
wish i was a senior for senior ditch day!! have to go to school 
@joejoecastillo i blame you for my weekend going by so fast! now i have to go to school 
@Heromancer i havent been feeling good the last few days either,ive been really tired, and its the week before finals at school 
not leaving to school till 2nd period . i missed my ride  ughhh .
I survived a whole weekend without him.  But it was hard.  What will i do when he leaves for school?  
good bye. time 4 school 
woke up at 7 and I'll be off to school soon. testing's this week 
counting the days til school starts.. i am scaaaaaared!!!  though a lil excited.. haha
@pandaaMONIA im with you on that. school camp killed me this week and im so stressed over schoolwork and i cant play soccer due to injury 
good morning world.!just woke up and it's good that the weather is fine..I miss school 
finish school in 4 days time  i don't want to leave yet it has gone so fast.
@aybmj i hate school too  and it's a long day tmr.
weekend's over which means back to the boarding house which also means school tomorrow , full day. what fun . 
@ejoleski I wanna go to the excursion but i seriously cant afford another day off school. 
oh no school starts next month already.  i want the clock to stop ticking
has been gardening all day, enjoying the sunshine, but still has college homework to do 
school next day! boring 
@springxnicht44 me to  this was clearly the best school year ever!
i miss my first year in high school like so very bad 
@iceprincess12 are you crazy? any week w/ school is boring 
how is the weekend already over?  back to school work 
back in columbia  19 more school days til summer!
@goblowsoup So, i'd like to stay up and a) watch my bosox and b) chat, but I am sleepy &amp; I have 1 more week of school.  boooo.
all those years of complaining about school. now that i'm finally done, i feel sad. postpartum to the extreme 
I am so motivated to go on blogtv, but can't, pretty much until summer.  but i promise, those will be good shows. super busy with school=/
omg hard day of school today. two exams in one day. i hate school 
school in about 2 hours  hope this week goes by quick...
going to bed. starbucks in the morning, then school 
@mismile I WISHHHH!! too bad i have school!  junior year suckssss! have a great time!!
i have a tooth ache from cookies  what a hard day at school
On my way to school, I'm having a four hour math test. 
Goning to school! has a sample on three hours  &lt;3
i love poptarts. 2nd last day of school.  so sad.
makeup etc   2 hours until i work in my old primary school !!
Off to school now, see you in about 8 hours 
ughhh got to walk to school this morning. 
last ever day at north leamington school  tissues at the ready
Really bad cold  I get a day off school thou 
Last day of school  I will be listening to ocean sized live constantly. I don't want to go anymore 
Last day of school lessons evaaaaaaaa 
Pretty crappy day at school 
Trying to make it thru my first all nighter of the school year  I was doin so good....
Its break, and my day is looking up but now we have maths then english  sometimes i hate school.
working on my exam essey. just want to get it done with so i can get a break from school over the summer. But im just getting started.. 
@ddlovato hey, how are u? the last days of school are coming up.  then the exams :S and then summer 
is leaving for school in like 15 minutes 
is not wanting to go to school today   only 3 more days left of my junior year!!
getting ready to go to work   have had two really busy days at school and really don't want to go in lol!
Goddamnit. I have to go to school in a few hours. 
on my way to the seemingly endless 8 hour school day 
Has to leave for school in18 minutes  i so want to sleep in!!!
I hope today is a good one. Onl six days left till schools out. But still three more years of high school 
last day of school yesterday! so sad, every1 cried  next up is exams...lots of studying 2 do... better stop twittering and get revisin! :L
wishes she didnt have school 2day. 
Just finished my last ever full day at school 
took a day off from school, not feeling well  gosh, it's horrible weather outside too XD
Owowow my eye hurts and is all red, but I can't take out my contacts or I won't be able to see! 3 hours of school left till I can go home 
has been sick in bed all day, this sucks that school is out and I'm sick 
 I have rehearsals 10-4 today, and thenagain tomoro, and the next day, and the next, and then one more and I am finished with that school!
UrGh...sUmmer official is over.. rainy days again,..before school day,,      how sad???   
@JordanAshleigh you dissappeared all weekend, exams tommorrow - last week in school  xxx
is off to bed, another week of school ahead  xo
So far the day has been gooood.. But I'm not going to the school for the yearly celebration.. 
i really cant handle another week at school !! so much homework to be done  cant i just take a day leave or summit ?
@MissJahan I'm intelligent like that......ahahaha. fricking school in like... 6 hours. ewww. 
I have just founout we have study leave! But that means I missed the last day of our full day of school 
summer weather in vancouver - such a nice day.  but I'm heading up to school 
time to stop pretending that im not registered for a summer school course... 
is studying!!  but only three more half days of school!! 
Soon of to school, two hours of math.  
In bed ready to get up any minute for school 
night. hope to make the most of the last days of a small school.  high school, here I NOT come.
I didn't notice that i have 3 spare lessons this morning, i could still sleep if I did.  sitting in school and talking to our IT teacher.
just getting ready for school  great a whole new week or bordem... 
Off too school now  monday mornings suck!
listening to scott mills!!!!! last week of school about to start in a bizzle!!!! 
wishing that our schools teachers were going on strike...could've been a day off 
My son cryed this morning, when he has to go to his nursery school. 
hoshit summer clearance sale is on!!! why am i still in school  @Cherule let's go to the mall this week
Is home of school ill  Looks like friends all day (Y) :L.
maths exam today  going to have to crawl into school in an hours time, should get ready really
Home from school after only an hour. Really not feeling well 
Today is senior skip day but I have to go to school or else I will fail government!  I am so tired from prom this weekend (via #zenjar )
the same old school...we have mcas the next 3 days, eww. 
good morning! i have to go to school  be back to a computer at 4
blehh school   25 days left till graduation though!
For the first time in 13 years i honestly am dreading going to school 
It's early. I'm tired. I hate high school.  only two. more. weeks.
on my wayy to school ; this is officially the last full day of my sophomore year  YAY !!! lol [[just txt me todayy]]
ughhhh another day of school 
Off to school  @SaraBOSSY I wonder if we'll just watch movies for these last 3 weeks of school, since he said there is no more tests
Going 2 school  only like 13 days left yay ~TaylorLautner~
is getting ready for school  is sad that the weekend is ovr
Is getting ready to leave for school  man its the last few days, but its going to be long week...
start of summer school  but its only internet so its not that bad
last 2 days of school.. well for some seniors most of us have to do fucking summer school   But its scraight!
what?? 15 minutes putting make up and i have to wear a mask face the whole day at school???!!!  
school. i miss the weekend 
At the bus stop. Then another fun day of school. 
ominous grey cloud out, was so nice earlier, foresee a soaking when I go to collect kids from school  it's biding its time till I go out
is starting her summer of school 
forgot that it was free dress day at the kids school today until I dropped them off.they are in hate with me for sending them in uniform 
hey taken a day off school  x
night folks! waking up in 7 or so hours for school 
on my way to school  at least i only have 3 weeks left
just had my last day at the elementary school i help out at..its so sad 
Going into school....it was a short lived senior skip day 
@jazzjeet I will never have an awesome day at school. 
@KimmiMcFly lol i swear i shrink instead of growing aha xD it embarrassing at school year 9s are taller than me  aha xx
last monday of the school year! too bad i overslept a little 
ended up going to school  not happy althoo it was a good day i'd rather sleep
@UncleOi ha really? facing 3 'boring' school years? i think high school years is the best moment on our life uhhh bad 
Should probably try not to sleep so much and go to school these last few days. But so tired. 
Just had a horrible day at school and is annoyed, sad and wet   I need something to make me happy 
Has only 4 hours left at school ever!  x
i realllllllllllllllly don't want to go to school hah too bad i already missed like 16 days this quarter 
is of to school for the last day 
TGIF I couldn't last another day in that hell hole called school 
On my way to school.  oh well last day!
@iLoxy school  have a feeling it will be a bad day though! 
school for 2 hours 
is at school for the last full day ever!!  x
is in history on her last day of school 
Off school for the past week now, braces and ear hurts like hell. 
@NinjaSarah looked on the site. they only run on school days 
my daughter's last official  day at school today  (back  to finish  her gcse's after half term)
It's so unfair they make all kids awards, on the last day of school, at the same time. I have 4 kids. 
Today is my babies last day of elementary school. She's growing up....I'm sad.  and happy at the same time.
bus. last day with my seniors 
have to get makeup on at school because i slept in for 20 minutes. 
is off to school. Seniors' laast day 
leaving for school here in about 5 minutes  bbl
Last day of school! I'm happy but sad  i'll miss everyone.
ahh another early morning, I just want school to end and it to be summer time! 
last day of full school 
I'm at school 20 minutes early  poooo
so tired  last real day of school i think lol
Today is my kiddo's last day of school 
Hoping that I pass the school year  -- I can't afford to go back again.
last day of school.  really really sad.
Last school day with my broski 
last day of school 
off to school, sad to say in 20 days i can't say: I'm off to school!!   
Last day of school. I'm gonna miss everyone 
getting ready to go to school! last day! yay! but sad all at once 
is camping after school.... please be a good day. 
Coming near to the end of our last day of school 
aww, kay's doing the countdown too!  but i'm lookin at the big pic with school, no where even close to done!    i want my summer...
Last real day of high school! Yes! But then again no b/c senior is almost over.  I'm sad! It went by so fast
Just had some ice cream in school for lunch...but now i feel sick and i still have an hour until home time 
Practically the last day of high school forever. 
stupid school!! i hate waking up in the morning 
Last day of school today. I'm not ready to leave! All my friends are amazing, thank you guys for the last 5 years, they've been the best! 
last day of school! i'm so sad 
I am about to leave school for the summer!  I'm a little sad 
oops . the school year is soon  soon to start .  .
Last day of high school forever! 
Morning everyone... its the last day of school  for the youngest  
Oh dear, last day in school always makes me sad 
 really really sad! one of my best friend's left school today! i'll be seeing him in the summer holidays though 
last day of school 
im hating the fact that i only started worrying about report cards with 2 weeks left for school to be over 
13 days more to go for school 
Straight struggling on my essay...I hate having to do school in the summer 
time flies by so fast when you don't go to school 
school work blows when you have to cram it all in two days i dont even understand it  but i leave thursday for arizonaaaaaaa for a week.
Only 4 1/2 more days of school.  Then summer starts.  I'm voting for year round school.  no more peace and quiet for 3 months.  
Blergh, a long day of school for me 
im back, new day in school, booring 
i think after these 2 summer classes i'm gonna hate school...for the first time  my first day in and i'm already getting my butt kicked
Tomorrows my last day ever of grammar school.  I'm really really sad.
Thurs already?! i swear the week just started! sooo exhausted.. time to leave school so i can nap for my all nighter 
school break will be over in a couple of weeks!  i hate school..
Going to work my butt off this summer and school year. I hope I have time for fun and friends 
we just had the culmination activity for the summer classes. I'm so going to miss the kids.  and I can't believe I'm going back to school.
math homework and then off to school... that's a nice way to begin your day 
summer's almost here... I don't wanna leave school 
My high school principal is no more  the last time i saw him was like 2 years back.. good soul.. students are gonna miss him 
On holiday this week but have to attend revision class at school this morning. 
going to school in 5 minutes 
is feeling so bored... i miss school time 
there are # days of summervac &amp; school comes along just 2 end it &amp; the annual problem of r generation is finding a good way 2 spend it!! 
its my last friday of my high school years! 
@LauRenxExCarter @PoloBandit he didn't come to school 2day 
i hate my new section this school year.. huhu.. 
sad day... told my students this is my last year here... a lot of crying since.. 
@ashleytisdale have fun!!!!  i dont have school for a while, wish i could go to germany... its like 1 hour away  xoxo
i'm soooooo sleeeeepy!!! the last day o' school was today....sniffle.... 
hanging out at school... last day for seniors 
Off to pick up tj from his last full day of school! Only 3 more half days left 
@misulqa i didnt but was close to it. i'm pretty sure i'll be crying when this school year is over though  we all weill be crying.
I wish I was out of school...But sadly, I still have like another month left. 
last weekday of doing nothing, school starts next week!!! 
@Frankmans: and this year I have summer school. 
Aww I got to see my 1st grade teacher's last day before she retired 
I'm in class right now  1 more week of school.
is so glad the weekend is here. Only one more week left of school with my kids. 
@soapylove I saw that - unfortunately it happens to be on the same day as my high school reunion   I will have to catch you next time.
I love summer, but I oddly don't want this school year to end. 
i'm a little sad that school ended today i'm moving so i'm going to miss all my new friends from this year.    just got a hair cut
Last 3 days of school....I'm sad but happy but anxious..... 
#iusedtobescaredof the girls in the year above me at school 
Is it sad that I'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  I am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard.  
last day of school  so sad
Just got home from school LOL 2 1/2 weeks left yay!!! Then off 2 summer school 
Last full day of high school was today. I'm sad that I may never see a lot of my friends ever again!! 
So I just failed my second year of med school. I don't know what to do or say. 
@bewarethegeek i just found out one of my fav high school professors died this week. he wasn't even supposed to retire yet 
2 or 3 weeks left until end of 6 grade.  i bet the fifth graders are excited. im just sad.
marissa is gone. i have saturday school in the morning 
monday is the seniors last day of school. im going to be so sad 
i miss school already.  and it's only been a day.
bad day on school... could someone tell me why friends are so clomplicated? 
to day was the last day of school!! and it finally hit me. i cried~! basically half of my family is gone. 
first time i didn't want the school year to end solely to keep mrs. s here 
@MissKeriBaby whyyyy did you have to come during the summer!!??? You should have came during the school year I would have loved to come 
The rain right now reminds me that school time is indeed fast approaching... and i don't even have my sched yet 
last few days of school 
The school year is ending 
final day at college...feeling so sad.. 
Last weekend of high school and I can't spend it with my best friend 
@meldraythecool almost got mossy but just missed out. have an epic assessment task due next week  hows school / life goin lol
less than a week..... and I gotta go back to school as well 
2 more weeks of school. I'm so sad. 
i finished all my tests on thursday .. yet i still have to go to school for another month.. (june 24) Y?? its not fair 
Finds the rain soothing... dreading going back to school in a few days. 
school in two days.. buumer.  soooo much coursework. oops.
has to go back to school in two days 
@tinja69 say that again in english: you cant go because its on a school night, but you want to go 
won't be on for 2-3 days...LAST VACATION before school comes again 
 i'm not yet ready 4 school time..lol
I guess its time for school 
classes are so sooooooon. I don't want school for now. I haven't spend my summer vacation. 
@sissyto4 @LaurieBailey And in grade school every morning! YES!  Where is that country? 
Makes me tear up @STXherry @sissyto4 @LaurieBailey And in grade school every morning! YES! Where is that country? 
@nish7x Right now, we've got 9 hours of school everyday and homework everyday and tests and exams all the time. 
Off to have a fun day with our bus kids for the last day... until next school year 
one more day left then back to school 
last day of school was sad  but I'm ready for the summer!!
trying to find out when my first day of school is 
these budgets cuts from the state have fucked up my school plans 4 the summer! The class i was going 2 take got cancelled. I want 2 cry 
 got first period for summer school.
My weekend is going to consist of WoW and 250+ pages of grad school readings 
@Jonasbrothers  aww its a school night so i can't see it - again
@SunShine_713 idk and what about summer school 
@cameronmonty: writing essays  I hate the last couple weeks of school
I just went in my pool 4 the first time since last year!!!!! it was cold though...  lol. 5 more days of school!!!
i wanna stop the time. no b-day. no school. no trip. no nothing 
http://twitpic.com/68iie - it was  ms. riley just had to ruin our LAST day of school.
@KaylaKeyes not good  do you go back to school in the fall? that'd be a long time to wait.
waaahhh!....  i have 1 week left before i go back to school!!! ;(
I miss the school, there i see my best friends every day 
preparing notes for mon.-fri. 08-09 school year almost over 
@rcatz haha maybe i will steal that technique for my graduation. congrats on surviving high school, i still have another week. 
getting tired. should probably sleep. last day at junior high church before graduating.  i'm so sad. so many memories.and i don't...
now to the sad part of graduation and ending my tennis season and school year 
now that school is out for summer....i have to share the computer more 
@twisource according to my calculations that's 2pm on tuesday - damn! i have the day off school but have a school thing going till 2 or 3 
have to go to school today for maths revision  but hey its the last time i will ever be going to school for revision!!! leaving in 20 mins
waking up  and hating summer school.. 
There's my weekend gone before back to school . I had five hours drama club yesterday and now four hours school play 
@stefalways might not be at school for like two weeks 
back to school in 2 days 
last day of half termm  bought new blazer &amp; school shoes yesterday, blissful shoeshopping xx missing you all loads!!!
Last day before school starts: shitshitshitshitshitshitshit. If only I were @stephenfry then I wouldn't have to study 
back 4m school about 30 minutes ago 
@HeartMileyCyrus yeep , it sucks sometimes, i'll finish school june 17th so till that day i'll have a lot of exams 
borrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeedddddd last day off half term  then 2 months of school
@hitchnelson i love the rain  lol, except school days.
thinks he should be exempt from going to church on graduation day. But no. He's not. 
ugh!... we only got 3 more days til school is out... ima miss my friends 
Doing stuff around the house and catching up on schoolwork! Missed way to much school last week 
last day of freedom  before school and work start back up
@EstJesusNoWhere  hahah the dancers were so hilarious xD 4 weeks of school left 
i loath Sundays, boring and its the day before school, and finals are coming up. junior year is ending 
Thinking I should have taken the summer off from school. There are just too many sunny days spent inside 
Yay school tomorrow!! grade 6 testing all day for a week .... greeeaaatt 
last day of half term   back to school tomorrow 
Wow. In just a day I'll be graduating from high school and I won't be seeing the people that I have seen everyday for 4 years 
gosh this week has gone quick! school toz 
3 more days left of school.. so only one more week left of babysitting before zack goes to his dads for the summer. 
looking at pictures from prom and leaving school makes me sad  as if its been like over a year maaaaaan
awwwwwwwwww, last day til back 2 school 
Last day of the holidays  But il see my friends at school tomorrow, so its all good lol
I start summer school soon! 
Washing my hair getting ready for the last week of school  
back to school tomorrow  don't wonna go back wont another week off!!!, 13 days till violin exam!! and 19 days till science exam!!
I was at school the other day and realized how much i miss it 
Last night before school  a long week of exams ahead: boring!
Kids not loving there early bed time, they tried every excuse known to mankind to stay up late, sorry boys it's a school night 
ready to sign the last yearbooks of my high school career this week! 
going to bed now have school in the morning 
@nadinka22 i misss u 2. nm. i have 4 more days and school is over, but i have finals  wby?
it is 7:47 and it is ****ing cold time for school grate 
Should go to bed what with it being a school night but have finished all the books I had on the go 
time for school, guhhh  may or may not tweet whilst there *shrug*
Hey, i'm about to go to school         have a nice day tweets!!
urghhhh. siiick.   school in a few hours.
off to violin  last day of thai school 
NOT excited for school.  and still dont have a job.  i love summer 
I think it's time for me to go to bed, it is midnight and i have school in the morning 
some weekend, i can't wait for school . 
finals are soon  school is time consuming.... summer needs to hurry up and get here!!
@sandrasanchez i move into school that day 
@nomibear They just don't try, hey? Really, they don't get the time to, what with school and all  zomg, they /should/ do that!
My kids only have seven days of school left    LOL
final exams tomorrow.  BUT it's my last week of high school ever. 4 more days and i'm done.
i love listening to old school fall out boy and remembering my school years, so carefree. I miss school days, I dont want to be 18!!  
in school  finish in about an hour yay!
Last 10 school days...then catch me in the real world 
just realized that it's back-to-school day, i miss school. 
It was hard putting the kids down for the evening..I think they know they only have 4 more daze of school left. 
I wont be using the net during school days... 
@romeldris Wasn't E3 last year on a day we didn't have school? Doesn't matter as much anyways... some of the big things were leaked. 
About to hop up outta bed turn my swagg on! Lol first day back of school 
shitwtf summer school in thu morning 
1 week to go before school starts! 
Going 2 school 2day  tears
getting ready 4 school  and its really warm outside again there nothing worse then going to school then on a reallly warm day  !!!!
morning all - lovely day but i'm back at my desk after a week off  and dort has gone on her first school residential trip to the lakes 
is exhausted. Going to school everyday this week?! Is this called holidays?? 
last day of school...really... wow this is sooo insanely depressing.  along with that we get out finals back  what a horrible day......
going to school  only like 10 more days left! 
I don't feel like going to school this morning 
school  why can't it be summer
very very sad....its time for school 
last week of school  kindergarten is almost over. i just watched the new moon trailer and realized my baby will be one when it comes out
my first day in school is so tiring! 
mayne school  only 3 more days tho.
awake still sick  But feeling a bit better i think No school for me  The one week i need to be there
On my way to school. I want summer 
of course the week we're doing nothing in school my headphones decide to break. i want to listen to music 
Wow, that was not too bad actually! Not allowed in school for 2 days  Miss you guys xx
Last week of school...yay!!!! I wish it was summer already though 
at school, bah it sucks. i wish it was half time again 
morning at school without jjay 
SIsters last day @ high school 
is teaching summer school 
good morning! on my way to school 
Final full day of school.. 
last day of school......hhh 
last week of school..   i'll miss my friends!
time for summer school 
getting ready for school.  only 1 more week!!!
@smileykeanne atleast you don't have school, ahaha. i have to go for 2 more weeks 
I already want this week to be over  so tired of school!
stupid school! i still have two weeks! 
@dicknavis nahhh its not warm enough  school time instead.. boo
I definitely have the prom flu.  But my parents are still making me go to school even though it's the last week!!!
@RichardWiseman I wish you hadn't timed it to coincide with the school run every day 
I hit a squirrle this morning on my drive to school  i'm very sad
@adrence hi adrence!well i'm doing good..excited for the 1st day of class this semester, 1 more week and vacation is over 
the last day of school is a great day to learn half your friends probably don't like you.  ... 
6 days to go before school. 
starting school tonight. class is 4 hours long!!!! gtting ready for a 14 hour day... 
award showlast night was hilarious. off to school 
I don't like having to do a lot of school stuff on the last week of school. 
@permeister really? It wad cloudly here all day yesterday but no rain   How's school btw?
Has to take her sister to summer school! 
Just when i thought school was done i failed a class. So now i have to come half an hour earlier  than normal for summer school.
@kelleymarlar Ah, you would leave me alone in summer school! 
 boo for the first day of classes...summer classes! ughhhh has anyone ever had boob cramps? lol
first day of summer schoool. ughhh. is it wierd that im nervous?! 
It's a beautiful summer day and I'm stuck inside going to classes and doing schoolwork  .
can't wait for school to be done with! ugh! one more week for me. 
Last official day of school 
2nd day of school, damn i forgot my book 
last day of high school  english final
I guess summer school started becaue I couldn't find any parking going to work 
first day of summer school  ... (and it's cloudy and cold, wth?)
@donjuan_  5 days till school for me more or less  oh well......
I just had a great weekend, and I don't want to go to school!  you know guys it's almost vacation! *exams are a little detail* hungry now
I just realised if I decide to go to school, I'm going to have to be up in one hour 
In school  no summer for me 
Ahh! going into 5th year, time is going by so quick! No more having fun at school, only intense higher work from now on 
@stefthepef in my hometown comm. college. I also realized` that I don't have class of fridays  3-day weekends... for writing a paper 
9 days of summer school to go. Gahh  how annoying
bored at school...exam week also last week of school...cant wait for no doubt with paramore tomorrow...it shall be very fun...4 days left 
is home, not up for the whole day of school. almost made it though. 
Any advice on how to not lose my mind during traffic school tonight? It's nearly 4 hours! 
Riding the bus for the last time as an eighth grader in the afternoon. 
One more week if reg. classes, then I'm free for two wks. then back to school all over again!! 
Running errands, then off to summer school. 
firsst day of school after holiday 
I think I made a horrible decision to start grad school in summer....really burnt out already! 
is feeling weird on this site cos u all seem to be famous people and im just a twelve year old school girl 
On my way to volunteer in my daughters 5th grade class...the year is almost over and then no more elementary school 
I can't decide whether or not to go 2 school. there's like, 2 hours left and I don't feel very good. 
I wanted to stay one more time, but I have to do school work 
I'm not feeling so good  - day 1 missed of the last real week of school
@SunshineeMe I'm not a big fan of the rain cuz they cancelled like our school sports day 
Last day of school  I'll miss everyone who is leaving school.
long day at school.. and i need some coffeebean!  
i keep telling myself that there r only 4 days of school left....but then i remember two of those days are finals! 
I just realized, i have 2 and a half weeks left of school.....URRRGGGGGGGGGGG 
whoo last monday of the school year!!! this means the last full class of history!!!!! and the last of theatre too though  but oh well. 
Last full week of high school 
i think too much when i'm alone...which is 95% of the time when i'm at school since it's summer and everyone's at home 
@l0v3bomb Is that why you're in summer school?  
still got four days of school this week  watching cops with dad!, bed eventually.
Ahg! I'm so dumb!! I forgot to talk to my art teacher  she wont be here the rest of the week.
@Jonasbrothers its 1am here and i have school the next day  
back to normal school days in less than a week, fuck that ahaa! 
off work next few days, trying to enjoy it before summer school starts monday 
Wanting to have a teachers only day 
2 more weeks til schools over. but that obviously gives me 2 weeks to get [him] to notice me 
OK why do we have to go to school this week !?!?! we are doing NONTHING!!!!! just want summer 
Doing homework....only 10 more days of school left! But so many tests next week! 
last week of school w/ THAT class.  it sad. imma miss them.
I know i should be studying for finals but i just cant  4 days left of school!
Sleeep..last full day of school.,then finals began. 
I wish school was full time and work was part time. But, I need to work to pay for school! 
@oilerboy94 It sucks. I'm sick the last week of school! 
Ahhh only a few weeks of school left 
omgah. long day. school keeps getting harder by the second.. 
good morning i have headache and i have to go to school. 
@dirtyd12490 yessss, i'm taking summer school classes all summer &amp; i have labs on saturdays  boo. but it comes with the college territory.
And now for bed since I have to go to summer school in the morning 
can't sleep  I have a feeling I won't be able to get up for school in the morning. dammit.
Exactly 10 more days including today before school starts 
Of course fun weekends have to end and are followed by a full day of school 
off to school soon  i wouldnt have minded another bank holiday day.but then again, schools almost over for the year
worst. day. ever. cant wait to graduate this stupid school. 
Wow i was right . 19 days of school . I wanna go to asls' graduation tomarrow 
Today is another school day! 
Getting ready for school - not looking forward to another day of melting in class  its not natural for scotland to be this warm!! Lol
morning! don't feel like packing my bag for school...i'll have to i'm afraid 
I'm getting really nervous for the incoming school year. 
yeeey, just woke up, time to dress up and then go to school. 
morning all,been in lovely Wales for a long wk end now back to school 
@mrtroi What a depressing way to start the new school year. 
last day off before going to school again 
How do you spend the school holiday with your kids? I am working most of the days.... 
ARRHHGGG 6 days to go back to school again 
Today is my last day of school 
The school year flew. I'm starting to get sad about saying goodbye to a lot of them. 
@Trishinspace you are welcome! I'll be listening in if I can! I'm dreading this morning. It's water day at school. 
Another day of school  but its almost done!
i really wish school was over :| only a week and a half left. so dreadfully tired... 
last day of high school ever. 
Last day of school... but probably pulling an all-nighter after graduation... 
@sgottschalk I would help but i have to finish my finals and watch movies all day at this gross thing called school 
almost time for school.... today is my birthday 
few more days before school 
getting jordyn fed and ready to head out to school..looks like another gloomy day 
soo i just found out that , 2009  to 2010 school year is starting a week and a day early becuase of all the snow days this school year 
@maridomin yeah, but he goes to a different school and we hardly see each other  it's so depressing. i want to see him every day.
I need a #nap today. SO tired. And I am sad that it is the last 3 days of school. I will miss elementary school 
school starts next week 
Going school. 2day gouvernment exam 
i miss the last days of school 
Almost ready for school. last day at nimitz! 
last day of playing in high school gym... really sad 
I sad that today is the last time he will ever sit in high school classroom ever again 
@officialjman i wish i could take a one hour break. i haaate school. 
is counting down the days... its what's keeping me going cause school is killing me  only 4 more sleeps yay!!!
today will be a busy day. fabutan, socsci fac, shoppers, metro, home, school again. i hate not having free bus passes during summer. 
This is going to suck...being brought to and picked up from work like a school child. 1st day of no car begins. 
We are supposed to have field day at school todayy but the high is only 78 and rainy 
figures p would be sick for the last days of school 
Another boring day at school. I CAN'T WAIT! not... 
Note to self: next time I give a tour, don't wear heels! This school is wayyy too large for that! 
My 8yo niece asked me a month ago to do her hair for the school play tonight &amp; I can't.  I just hope I can make it to her school in time!
is dealing with teenage attitudes before school even starts.  Totally takes the joy out of the morning.  
another sad day at school, we all miss you desiree  R.I.P
I miss my friends at school so much... next year without them its going to be SO hard...  loveyou
Heyyyyy 4 more days of school left and we get our yearbooks today....i will not cry 
Last day of school ....and I'm like a river 
Doing some lame poem in class  can you say school I boring..only few more weeks till me get out
is at least a couple months behind schedule for finishing school 
@dinosuit I was a creeper kid.  @ your half days, come pick me up from school. D:
last day of school tomorrow;wow this year went fast 
@Jessimikaaaa  im sorry  i woke up this morning and felt like shit so i went back to bed and only just got up so no point coming 2 school.
I'm having my final day with my school given laptop. 
@jeanchung You're too funny!  I need to finish school, so that'll be 3 more years 
still up doing homework  last week of school thank goodness
dang, only two days left of school.  I'm really, really gonna miss this group of kids   It helps that one of them is my own
crazy days at school as the year comes to an end.  going to miss my class.    6 days
Studying in the morning..have to go to school for a lesson! And can't seem to find my past paper 
I never thought I'd cry this much at the end of the school year. 
Doing school work. I hate summer classes! 
doesn't want to miss the last day of school 
Is awake  time to get ready for school !
@macx28 That just stinks. I cried on my last day of school. 
i am so poor this summer  stupid school taking all my money!
5 days till school starts.....  
Morning - getting ready what will probably be another terrible day of school!!  and it hasnt really cooled down outside yet!!
ugh is in school this morning 
17 more hours til school 
@ameym21 aww  did you have a good day at school at least?
going to school in a couple of minutes... 
i got the day off at school as i got no exams! but i have to do a bit of revision though  but at least i'll have radio 1 with me!
in school, swedish for 2.5 hours 
*I haven't done anything like this since high school (10 years).  I was a little hesitant at first but once I started it all came back ..
in high school...the next weekend 5examns... 
hates not having school for 10 days. 
off to school!! this is the last day our group is gonna be all together!!      i still dont think reality has truly kicked in yet!
school is officially over !!!!!!!..... but only for 3 months   summer  yayy!!
Leaving for school in a minute. I have a rash all over &amp; it itches so bad! 
enjoyed the overnight blackout...now its time for school 
Last day of school  we will still be friends forever.... Right?                                     R.R!
Last day of highschool 
@hysteriaville ugh girl I know how you feel, mine are going to be like 5 weeks of 24hr school 
my little brother is going to be in junior high next school year. he's growing up so fast, i want it to stop 
last day of high school 
about to leave for summer school!!!!!          haa. not. 
http://twitpic.com/6iyyt - me and my friends on the last day of school 
2 1/2 more days of school left...........kinda depressed about it..... 
just a normal day in school  booooring
school!  so tragic. summer soon, thank you please!
Going to the school ( im'a miss everyone for the summer ) 
Last day of school! 
@gracechareas hahahaha coolies prob wont b @ school until next week 
damn! school starts in five days. that so depressing. 
Leaving for the last full day of school I'm do sad 
another long day at school  then a short workout
dreading summer school, took the wrong class at the wrong time! 
I'm still sick, but at school. Last night was not fun. 
once agian, in computer class. Last day of school 
Getting ready then end of the school year partay with my kinderroos! Last hugs goodbye and good lucks.......ahhh 
Last day of school 
@mileycyrus: your coming to ohio on a wednesday, i have school that day 
@mileycyrus: your coming to ohio on a wednesday, i have school that day     
Only two more school days. Why couldn't I have been exempt? 
so sad. the last day of high school. watching boy meets world final episode of finney leaving.  so sad.
My jeeps dead at school. Not a good day 
-sigh- I leave for my holiday tommorow..  3 weeks without school doesnt seem so bad! hehehehehehee. 
last full day of high school  
Aw  yearbooks make me sad. Only 4 more actual school days because apparently we have to come on wednesday too :/
jusm came home from last day of school  hope to see all my friends next year!
@luv8242 on the sleep issue...it's terrible. I've already missed two days of school because of it. 
@claudia212 i actually work while i'm in school too. I tried getting more hours during this summer but too many workers. 
school's 3 days away  so long my sites..haha
summer time here is almost over and it's back to school 
that was a pretty decent shoulder and tricep day, though i can tell school is out for the summer, the punks are back in the gym 
@abirtmo i've been well! how about you? ya i heard you guys were in town the day of your show, so i couldn't go! school has been crazy 
last day of school for my kidlets...i've got another week 
Chillaxing with my friends waitng for them to sign my senior book for our last year in high school.  
Aww I miss the days of ditching school just to go thrift store shopping.  Wish I could do that with work 
So this is crazy! two major projects to due all due within a week from each other, i hate and love school all at the same time! sad face  
Last day of school for both kids.  Its such a bittersweer feeling.
At school... Last day  So sad!!
Last day of actual school, kinda sad 
@sheeennen are you sick, too?  i can't go to school for a week.
last day of school. 
last day of real school! yes...wait their exams...uh.. 
at school   ..ah just one more hour.... and 30 minutes
thinks that school is VERYYY stressful at times.. and is not looking forward to her many exams  .. Looking foward to the weekend though xx
school is finally over, and my boyfriend is leaving in 4 days  sad moment
summer and school do not mesh well..... 
LAST day  of school was yesterday...   
i remember when this day was my favorite day of the whole year. i would bake a cake for @seblefebvre 's birthday oooh middle school 
Just got off of summer school. I wish I could hang out with a certain person but can't 
it doesnt feel like the last day of school lol, it feels like i have school on monday. &amp; im ok with that.  if i could re-do this semester.
My mom has to pay 725 a month for sarah to go to school. 
last day of classes, next week for exams  i'm going to miss all my classmates!!
@donkeyunltdnews my parents just had the dog they got when I graduated 8th grade  put down last week, she was 15. I'm so sorry 
man the last day of school is always oh so emotional! 
Last day of school  waiting for summer to end already!!!!!!!!!
ah wishing school was over. two more weeks 
done with school school, got finals next week tho and start football  .... for the whole summer
last day of high school ever..really bummed 
6pm on friday nite.  leaving school now.  end of the school year SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Celebrating, Last day of school!!! well exams  but the year is over!!
7 more days with NO school thanks for the swine flu! but I have tons of homework 
last day of school 
sleeeppppy  going to a mall .. sometime i dunno. i miss my baby. and am sick of this drama . 11 days of school.
well last day of school. graduation was sad. kylie's was fun. summer 09. I am going to be a freshman...wow. 
Rough past 2 days of school 
last day of school  never again
bed time. 3 day weekend for me! no need for school on monday.. then 3 days of year 2 left. 
@jessi_lopez 6 days a week .. school started 7am and go home 2pm.. and i have to attend some class out of skool 
Missing out on my high school reunion this weekend. 
@c_mille our exams don't start until the 15th. we still have one more week of school haha 
But I'm getting nervous every minute of the day because in 3 days school starts! It's sad to finally end my summer break 
Last day of school 
@onlybones Thats cool! I actually ran more while I was at school. This summer it just hasnt been happening for me 
1 day to go... :{ school's about to  start i'll be missing twitter.   &lt; 
am doing sons ironing before packing his stuff for a week long school trip ! it's the longest time we have been apart !! 
@ggisi oohh I'm so jealous!!! wishing it would have been my last day at school 
shiizzzz 2 days to go, back to school again :| 
Off to school in 3....2......1......., 24 hours. 
@candacekaru Exactly, no wonder the high school drop out rate is high these days. 
learning for school. this will be a bad weekend 
@CourtneyCraver i think so!  probably not for all the days, but definitely for one! jers has school  i'll talk to you soon!
I agree to Massiekurchina &quot;of to school in 3.................2...............1.................,24 hours 
summer is over they say all universities will have there classes on june15 but our school will start on june8 even though its a universty 
@lexiarchuleta well , summer's over..  going back to school on monday... how about you what's up??
enjoying the weekend... no work, no school, no pressure... except... no girl... 
urgh back in school on monday  start A2 levels straight away   
i was in school to day doin me leavin 
about to go to chineseee school  last day babeeyyyyy! xD
he was in my school this year he was supposed to go to collage but he rested 
teeth. * wow. plus im sick of school. but i cant escape it. all summer. 
 thinking about how school is almost over and I'm going to miss my friends so much, this year went way to quickly
my summer is busier and more tiring than school 
weekend is almost over.. school starts again 
only a couple more days before i have to go to faggot summer school 
Last day of school yesterday... I cried, I'm going to miss my 25 adorable little boys. 
@RussellDevon i'm BUZY! last few days of school, lots of work to turn in still! can't really have fun this weekend 
@KarlaaM_ no  I still have like three more weeks to go...how's your pretty life without uggly school?
bring back the sunny weather!! and can everyone finish exams pronto. i want to do stufffff! only a week until school again 
Last late night before returning to the deathplace we call school.... yaaaaaaay! 
@therealTiffany me 2, but i wish it was summer so i can get outta school! 
school days tomorrow. im like a 7 year old afraid to go to school. 
no more school....   i miss my friends already!! and its only been 1 day!!
I'm sick! and it sucks! I'm still thinking about the last day of school. I miss them SO much! 
Sitting in the school, waiting for yet another show to begin... I'm in the middle of hell week. Except it's 3 weeks long. 
1st day of summer: band camp, came home tired...and been bored since.  but oh well, i love it! i kinda miss my teachers @ school. wierd.
Ugh, time for another attempt at monkey bedtime. I miss our school schedule. They NEVER stayed up like this when there was school  
It's time to go back to school. :| 
@tigerlvr28  my 9 year old will be back 1 week before school starts back   he spends the summers with his dad.
@GabbieG Congrats on the end of school ;-) Ours ended last week, but I'm working all summer 
Going to thomas'!!! Last party before summer school 
one day and then school ... no thanks 
school tomorrow! :| last day of summer. 
I got a countdown untill school starts why does it have to start so soon my birthday is 3days before school starts 
http://twitpic.com/6taka, really miss school days! 
There goes my weekends...  But good thing is, will be meeting up with my college friends thing week! Yay!!
Four days from now will mark the saddest and final day of high school... 
noooo... skl almost for 2 weeks!.. party!! .... but... i have to go in on the 19th.. science exam (same day as prom) 
@thursdaisypaid for school for summer and next semester, got my statement today and I'm near broke  also my comp may be broken! sad
school day is just 1 week ahead..! 
@andysandimas Unfortunately schools year round these days. No more summer fun. 
tomorrow is the 1st day of or last year in high school ahhmmppp.... 
church ! &amp; our vaction bible school is this week &amp; it's going to be killer trying to wake up at 8 when i've slept til 11 all summer 
traffic school alllll day boo! 
has turned out to be a sad morning.   A high school/freshman year friend died during the night. 
says goodbye since i wont be onlie for the whole week since school's starting..  see you guys soon! g'night!... http://plurk.com/p/z3plq
Just got roped n2 teachin sunday school 4 the summer &amp; speaking @ youth day! i dont like this not being able 2 say no 2 the church thing 
this weekend was so cool..slept only 4 h this night :/ tomorrow german class test  then i endured all class tests for this school year 
Wish i could go to Smcc graduation 2day  farmgirl@&lt;3
@Sherksgirl i stil have school for like 3 weeks or something. 
school tomoz  weekends go too quick!
@emzyjonas i have to go to school tomorroe and i dont wanna  lol i have 2 weeks left !
no joke i seriously just woke up at 12 im all ready turnig to summer sleeping schedual but there is still 3 more days of school come on 
http://twitpic.com/6ucm3 - last day of school  my class!!
Studying for finals   But only 3 more days of school left!
Ugh school tomorro  but just think, we've only got 16 whole school days left  wooo!!
I can't believe I have to go to school tmrw D; after five weeks off. @jenandhearts &amp; @iambubblessx do you go back tmrw tooo? 
working on my art project. I have to finish it 'til friday, but the next three days I'm on a school trip. That's a big problem! 
doesnt want to go back to school tmw after a week at castlerigg 
@rockintechie I know  I didn't get any rest this week cause of having to do school crap
still in school...10 hours to the deadline 
I'm actually really tired (N) school tomo  at least there's an exciting week ahead to look forward too 
I just get up..last day of vacations gotta get back to school now 
@danielpassera can't do it man would miss a week of school! 
my first day of summer is on friday i dont want to end school 
like 3 more days of school. cant believe its gone by so fast. here comes summer, goodbye 8th grade.   -S. K I N G ( :
studying   summer school can really suck sometimes
so much homework, so little time  i wish school was nonexistent and we'd have to learn through experience and just play music all day 
knotts tommorow last week of school but football starts soon 
last full-ish week of school.  ryannn &lt;3 texttt mee.
i like broke my backkk  haha. whatever one week of school than summmer 
I really should go to bed cause I need to he up on like 6 and a half hours for school  don't want to I can't be bothered
omg! only have one more school-free day 
it blows my mind that we get SO MUCH homework in the last week of school ! 
getting ready for summer school 
If you're in med school, don't get sick your first year!  You will totally miss some of your last summer off 
My to-do list is insane! There will be no after-school naps this week!! Or fun reading  bummer!
Soaking up the last of the weekend before school starts again 
is not ready for another week of school!!! 
I'm sick  but 2day I have saman practice @ school
Waking up a 5:45 for summer school. joy! 
soooooo much homework i hate summer school SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much! 
it's the first day of school and here we are enjoying. haha ! not really. we're so tired 
off to bed, school in the morning as well as a hepatitis shot 
school tmr...     but only 4 more days left!! 
I have another week of holidays....then school. 
last week of school  why am i not happy ?
Ohmyyygoodness, the school year is almost over 
prom journalism article. bed. school  7 days left till finals!
but i would be less bored in school days  but more things to study about 
i hate sundays because i think of mondays which means a new week of school 
so now I know whats going on next school year  it could be better
Starting back at the bank tomorrow.  No summer break for this teacher.  
summer school in the morning.. 
last full week of school. :0   i miss her.  &lt;3
I'm sick of school  It's time to go home and go to the lake!
studying forever..summer school is depressing fa shoooo 
My weekend is longer than the rest of my high school experience 
doing some summer school work 
woke up 40minutes ago i hate waking up for school especially this early 
Boring day at school! Now i have a stupid project to do 
@Mariesake dude! I had to switch too!  only 2 more days of school left!
I'm at summer school  Everyone here is one year younger than me. I am sucha lozzaah
well time to go to bed still going to school unfortunatly 
Going to sleep....summer school starts tomorrow? I think so..geometry for 6 hours? Yesyes.  fml
its the first day of school.. soo tiring.. 
freaking out for my first day  i feel like i'm starting high school all over again....
@scarlet_fields Lol aww , atleast it's over now! I didn't go to school 'cause i was sick this morning 
had a luuvlyy day with the besties on saturday. but now is NOT looking forward to be going to school when all i can think about is sleep 
Going to school in a second, got fast after school  and assembly this morning 
5 more long weeks of school ... 
#dontyouhateitwhen you have school in the morning &amp; its 3:28 &amp; you cant sleep . I DO  . lmaoo
Not ready to start summer school 
A nice sunny day...when i'm in school...the joy. 
On the train... Last week of college 
the saddest part of this school year is that there are NO CHICKS!!! there are only two transferees. 
going back to school in few minutes  this afternoon have to go to dentist ((     I don't want to -.-
of to school  this is a f***ing day !
stuck in batangas. no school for a week. :| i miss my friends! 
I miss being excited about the first day of school. I especially miss shopping for school supplies and obsessing about note-taking. 
 last day of school....
this school day was amazing but now just 4 days 
assignment on the first day of school! you have got to be kidding! 
last day of school.ever. 
first day wasn't so bad.  waitt! doing school stuffs 
Last day of school... 
summer school this morning 
steven is off to work. the kids are getting ready for school and it's day day 12 no driving 
first day of school? it was pretty boring. bah! the worst part? it feels like we're being boiled inside our classroom. it's so hot! 
first day of school? it was pretty boring. bah! the worst part? it feels like we're being boiled inside our classroom. it's so hot! 
my first day of college was very tiring! we already had tons of homework 
@mommysnacks They start sleeping in later as it gets closer to school time again  That's what always happened here at least.
Last day of highschool. 
Off to summer school 
headed for katers!  school in the a.m to the p.m ... last monday of the school year.. gonna miss grade 7 and all it's awesomness ! 
whaaaaaat  a weird first day, its ok. school is back 
About to embark on the first day of summer school 
Last day of high school everrrrr 
good evening tweeps XD first day of school is soo boooring 
Oh hells no. I start school in a hour 
weekend will b great. but first 4 days in school 
To think in two months im back in school 
ugh! why summer school 
At school. It's the last day before regents. It's so hard to say good-bye... 
Last day of school. 
1st day of school and so much things to do already! 
I'm home!! i'm so happy!! day was so boring!! 6 hours at school!! 
Doing the school run, not a day for sitting and waiting in the car 
first day of culinary school. i just wish i werent starting this at a time when my personal life is so distracting. 
first day of summer school  how fun !
on my way to school last last day 
@dramaqueenx0x my first day of school sucks! think i should wear snickers too, did you know we changed campus? we're on the mountains now 
still incredibly sick but another week of school left to go.  summer needs to hurry up and get here
Lying in bed after another boring day at school, listening to workmen 
i finally finish my homework. school in 30 minutes. 
booo first day of school. i hope there's parking 
everyone's summer school classes end this week...i have...5 more  booooooooo
is sitting in summer school.. bored of my ass. missing my babyyy! 
first day of summer school 
first day of school and I'm already sick of it... damn it! I sat in those booooring rooms until 5pm!!! I'm so tired but can't sleep 
bored of school already &amp; its only been a day - i misely day 
overall the weekend was a good break...now back to school 
summer school sucks 
Ugh, first day of summer school x2 
Getting ready for the last full day of school this is going to be a sad week 
I've got three other days not in school, and this means much science h/w from mcguinness. 
@sweetrose1993 i can't go on school trip  so un fair well day in bed i guess lol and i brought my college forms back lol
ohhhhhhh my goshh, good afternoon america ;) school time 
@princessderama you faggot girl. I have one more day of school left 
@stardusttconr Don't rub i in. I still have like 5 weeks left of school 
Suprised to say.. I don't want this school year to ever end . 
The movie our teacher assigned to us this week makes me fall asleep 
@giolannes haha.same here.well except the school part.but its also a boring day for me too.  when do you go on summer break?
chilling out and preparing for another sh*t day at school. French first - help 
That's it!! I can't take it no more!! After summer school I'm talking to my sister about moving in with her... I cant stand being here... 
ugh, the last week of school....... 
school in the morning..... 
So i have 2more days left of high school !  it all came way too fast
morning tweeeeople, i already at school now, no people, sigh 
update on our school..school starts on the 29th meaning we have no school for two weeks already expecting saturday classes 
Ugh why summer school?? in other news,... oh wait, school is officially my entire life 
11/2 more days of school. but erika and oksana are going to japan while i stay home all summer  
@bdotscotts it was my last day of classes   high school is over
wow i still feel like crap  even on my last day of school
will start the summer school in 2 day, freakin terrified here, what if i dont hv any friends?! missing binusians 
good morning.in school right now 
Is soo moody right now its not even funny. I am at work only half an hour left to go no more school woo hoo yay summer camp 
I had a miserable day at school. Allergies 
1 more day of school!! but i have 3 exams 
did this math workbook  and then I watched utube..   how was ur first day of summer...
DAMNIT. summer school is just a day away 
bed. summer school in the morning 
play day is tomorrow at school and I'm team 5's leader, but unfortuneately until 12 i'm stuck doing the end of the year math exam   
started summer school today  and i gots like 4 hours of hw... who wants to bring me ice cream??
last day of school 
says dug up some old high school days pictures...  http://plurk.com/p/117q06
I miss my younger days when &quot;the last day of school&quot; actually meant what it implies...regents all this week 
@angwe no, probably not. Mostly because that time of the year for me is really busy with school and other stuff. 
need to finish my homework dont even know why i have some when school is out  in a day 
back from camp. exhausted but had a blast. now summer school 
@PrGoodFeLLa I got mad shit to do for school all day till like 4 then I was planning on driving back 
summer school is kicking my but! 
I wish I was getting LVATT at midnight tonight. But noooo, I have summer school in the morning so my parents don't want me out that late 
left school 2day after recess.. im very sick  &amp; i wonder how we went in sport 2day!
dropped my son for his first day at school...he was crying 
getting ready for bed after a long day of planning, cleaning, getting ready for summer school, and a 3 hour long board meeting  tired!
I can't belive high school is gonna be over next week.... 
Up and at them world!! G less spotty and itchy today, another day with C doing 7-12 and me doing 12-7 do accommodate children off school. 
@awesomenessjen @stePRINCE LOL! I KNOWWWWW!! I want a week of no school. 
school, crappy weather, sick..all in all a very bad week for me 
Is way too tired. And still stuck in school. I hate finals week 
i 've big day in school...  wish me good lock...
geez! my feet hurt so much! first day of school was rainy.  why oh why?
Getting ready for school,we have a week ful of tests! 
Off to school ..  9 hours boredoom 
Only took me like 5 mins to get ready for school this morning. But now I have to go to school in 10 mins! 
school now  day 12 on prototype XD
 first day back @ school 
doesn't want to start summer school wednesday 
morning (Y) lucy is off to school 
another late night of homework doing.  can my summer get here any faster? i don't want to go to work, i don't want to go to school!
just woke up, not that I want to , but I have to pick up my aunt from school in an hour! 
woot! the rain ruined my first day in school.. 
hey guys...just jumped on to check my replies and stuff... very busy with school.. concentration came back...YAY!!! 3 days before exams 
@Yasminmusic haha i have 2 weeks till school end.  you lucky girl 
my day off is almost over. sniff, i don't wanna go back to school! 
i hate my first day in school!! 
first day of school: so tiring. 
studying...driving back up to school...class 9-12...then lab 1-4...2day is not going to be a fun day 
On the way to school, sorry my driver, make you waiting for me almost 7 hours, I'm so sorry 
my last day in my old school 
Another day off school cos still ill 
it is just way to early for school right now, especially in the summer 
sooo tired  last day of school though!
there's school on report card day for the first time.. 
Another day of school 
last day of school 2morrow 
wish i was like all the other kids in school sayin &quot;yay for the last day of school! let summer begin!&quot;  little do they know reality blows
last day of school  i'm gonna miss my people so much :/
yay summer school..........   NOT!!!  
On my way out to the bus for summer school.  
I'm so exhausted  I wanna cry I hate summer school
Trying to plan a 10 year elementary school reunion, but having a hard time remembering names. 
last day of school has begun  its always a bittersweet time but i'm ready for summer
I miss blogging...  I'm sooo busy with school stuff these days.
is off to her first day of summer school.  its too early to be up.
Another enventful day of summer school. 
I went to the school,it is one of the last times because next year I will be in the high school,I want to finish but i will miss it 
first day of summer school class today 
is at summer school, wtf. too early 
had school till now the last two hours maths 
school done for the day, that drama workshop was quite fun. appear to have heart burn 
Overwelmed with school!! Not enough hours in the day!!! 
Only a few more school days left! I can't take this anymore 
school fucking maths tutoring shit at 5   and then baby sitting . what a shiit day
Is getting really tired of this summer school thing 
4 more days of this week  ughhh , . heres to another useless day of school .
I just _love_ finding bugs that have been in my code literally from grad school days. 
Today is basically a giant FAIL   At least there's only 10 more days of school.
I hate summer school. 
@kfoxxy07 lol right  time flies once you're out of school.
Fucking bored in summer school  rae.
1 more day of school....  its so sad
i hate school! the time is just rushing by when you are sitting inside all day long 
Should have went to summer school and talked to him 
2nd to last day of school and all i can think of is the fact that i have to move all these boxes alone 
@bloggerdad yup! Not as bad as pre fulltime school but 3 nights a week still 
2 more days till school 
And befoe you know it the school year is over  13 more to go!
my last full day at school 
@DABoloso damn summer school..... i would so be in there if it wasnt for summer school 
summer school tonight.  i hope its not a complete waste of time.
Not ready for summer school 
@peaceoutHelga no i miss you more  how was the last day of school?
The end of the school year is always sad.... 
Just realized that I have to either walk or ride my bike to summer school 
@peaceoutHelga aww how sad  why did he tell you on the last day of school?
@peaceoutHelga well im sorry about that  i wasnt there on the last day of school
Stressing about school is especially bad when everyone else is in summer mode. Taking a break from studying to work. 
tmrw is the last day of school. i have never said this at the end of a school year but im really sad...  
homeworrrrrk ; 1 day of school left; then exams 
summer school packets suuckkk 
Today was my last day of high school ever!!!! 
im tired and sleepy... been a really long day   I hate summer school
last day of school. 
@DavidArchie LOL yes! and when i was in like 5th grade my foot got sucked up a treadmill and i had to wear a slipper to school for a week 
going to sleep for my day bacc to school 
is going to bed. I've got school in the morning  then physical... YIKES.
@angsavestheday oohh, i'm sorry  well, i was up at ursa major all day. &amp; i left before school got out! 
@kinganyi was crazy busy w/ end of qtr stuff last week. summer school starts next week  taking less classes though. how are you?
i enjoyed this tuesday...i dont school to end  i am going to be so pressured and bored in the summer (oh no)
Going on a fieldtrip with the school today  whish I could just stay right here all day, but no such luck..
summer and school do not belong in the same sentence 
first day of school, check... thesis, ongoing... hah, so much to do... 
it's my last week w/ my class.. i feel just a little sad.. romain goes to another school.. uhh 
first day of grad school was scary.....paper due friday 
@gellengail I didn't get any email from school yet. Y is it that I can't be in your group all d time. 
@leonkay get me one will you ? I'm suffering x and on a school day  x
Homeee, great night but I'm so tired! I have to wake up for summer school in less than 6 hours  suckssss, goodnight.
is on the bus now going to school  great 4 day weekend !
It is the end of the year in school 
last week of school and im pumped . but there is still work 
I hate summer school  
same...i need it for my major and if i fail this i'll be doing summer school 
Another day with great weather, but I have to sit inside and work hard for school 
not much at the  mo.i not well my asthma flared up so i not going 2 school 4 the rest of the week.    
missing him  no show for the first day of school.
first day outta school ... feeling very sick, because of him 
Wish school was overrr. One more week to wait. 
some how woke up like an hour too early... summer school again today  #squarespace
@NicoleeCampbell  i still dont feel good and im sleepy lol, this is a terrible day for school!! haha
missed getting my girls to school &amp; sitter this morning 
finals next week!! school alllllllll day  boo
i can't believe that my girl is amost done her first year of school!!  
I'm so busy with school I don't have time 2 tweet anymore  I miss summer already!!!
Second day of summer school here I come 
highschool a little after 12 then in bed all day 
@maddygutierrez i know   i'm still getting used to it. but we haaaave to keep in touch throughout the school year, okay?
Man. Today is @sstephdewhurst 's last day of school.  at our school anyways. I'm so sad.
got to do a ton of school  hopefully i will get some free time before church
last day of school   but exams 
I need serious MOTIVATION. 30 days to still do well in school. I need to make bawi, badly 
high school goes by so fast, i wish we had more time together 
going to tidy my room... been putting it off for days but mums threatened to do it when im at school and chuck everything out 
fun night...too too fun.  getting ready for my last day at adams, at least for the school year.  
has been hating these days off. . . cnt blive i actually miss school   x x
...might not stay at the same school 4 softmore year! 
today i'm doinig all the time something for school    but i lay in the sun and did my homeworks.....   I &lt;3 summertime
hahahaa but this morning i woke up with a fever  my mom said its from exhaustion, summer school starts tomorrow 
at summer school...bout to go swimminnn 
I feel like crying  Last ever day at my school in a month. Before it gets knocked down and we have to merge with another school 
boo! my first day of no school and everyone's going to be hungover. i want to go out, rescueme. 
lsat day of school  i'll miss you all guys (:
@erinfxs i need at least a B to get a B- for the year. And my school doesnt allow retakes, unfortunately 
guh, back to school for a week and two days. 
morning yall! off to school soon 
one more day of school! So happy, but sad at the same time 
took a three and half hr nap! feel amazing. ready for school to start n monday but excited about summer ending for me 
@meghan_H I have summer school 
i'm glad i haven't got exams this year ...  but it's my third day of vacations and i'm already bored... i wanna go to the beach 
today was my last day of school, i cried, i never thouhgt i'd cry when school ended...ever. caroline's last offical day at masuda.   
@miiia last exam on friday and no summer school for me (luckily!) aha. though...i need to go in like every day next week for yearbook. 
Doesnt like summer school 
@abcjan11 I wish I could take summer school 
at school......... so boring ... only here coz its brodies last two weeks! 
Today was the last day of school! How freeking sad  now exams, then summer time !!
@JonathanSchaff Took a terrible med-school exam, spilled red juice all over my desk/walls/ceiling, been unproductive all day 
one more so cloooooseeeeeeee, then a week off, then summer school 
helloo everyone . I'm reading fanfics while tweeting . Ahhh~ ! I wish school re-opens is in another 2 weeks or so . I'm tired 
i have many H/W.I unexpected that a college stu is so busy! these days,i can sleep only for 2h/day 
I'm seriously bored. 10-day quarantine sucks! I miss school. 
These last days of school are taking longer than I thought.  I don't remember wishing it would just be over already in a long time.
So it seems..another day out cancelled.  i've only got a week left before school.
Last day of school.... I'm gonna miss everybody 
one of the reasons why i like school is that i dont have to see my mom. now its half day, i see her. damn 
really wanting to go to nakusp festival...  one month to figure it out, dusty... skip school! im really a good influence..
KIds off school next week and still don't know what they can do while mum and dad is at work 
graduation!! i will sure miss kevin  i still have another year of high school left :/ ugh
4 more weeks of school  give me a break...
2 weeks left until the last day of school!!!!! ahhhhh..finally!! hmm..but I'll seriuosly miss my school and friends 
@JessyBR aww, tests suck  finally finished my school year last week. i'll follow you too. now, sleep. you are getting sleepy...
attending my last day of high school.   i love seniors09&lt;3
when i thought i was done with school i had to go back in for an hour 
So two days ago was my last day of school. Then I celebrated graduations. I'm still waking up too early and I'm scared for tonight. 
off to school french final 2day 
On my way to my last day of school and its raining 
Omgsh school can't end soon enough. I'm tired and don't want to wake up at 6 every morning  4 more days!
last day of school for my fav preschoolers  I'll miss them!
needs more sleep, but is at summer school from 8-3. 
splendid day but now go to the school     que TRISTE
&amp; these days I'd not been doing anything related to school! my projects are unsettled. I dont even know what to do! 
im tired  need to rest for 'nother day in school
On our way to the dr... Another day of missing school for my oldest 
I feel like I would love summer school if there was no class... but unfortunately 
is back at the lab oin a day filled with classes 
last day of my high school life 
last day of school is finally here!  my baby is moving on from kindergarten,  
Is it's my brothers last day of school 
Today has been the crappest/most boring day of my life  I'd never thought I'd say this but I want to be at school!
..classes all day..back to back.. I haven't had a real summer since I graduated high school 
saying goodbye is the hardest thing to do, getting ready for my last day of school 
should probably go to bed soon. apparently, I actually have to do school work on my day off 
wrote physics to day. it sucked soo much! yeah just 5 test left  when does this school year finally end?
last day of school 
emo nemo day. i hate going back to school 
@jojobeanss i have no money now  maybe  during the school hols? what are you doing these days!
isn't summer supposed to be about relaxing??? i am busier than i was during school 
summer school is going to be fun with @ashleystetson08 
last grad practice. last day of high school 
Exams done!!!!!!!!!!! Then news breaks that a pupil in my year (who left my school a while back) comitted suicide :| 
What I'm doing in school lab day today I'm sleepy  http://twitpic.com/7psye
so...bored.... wish i was in the school show  always next year !
summer school.  ugh!
Is done school for about 2 months put is still here cauze i have to wait for my bus to come 
is lamenting being stuck in school at this time 
tomorrow is my last day of school! wohoo. too bad i have to take a 3 hour final  with 2 essays gahhhh
omg ... the next school day will be soo weird ... without @MusicgirlTG !! 
@haileybee summer school sucks  i kept wanting to fall asleep
one final left.... the im free .... until summer school 
@Pepampa good day for a nap is right. i had to wake all 4 of mine for after school pick up 
@mary_e_mcmillan ugh I don't know if I'm ever coming home! I'm doing stupid summer school every day  I miss you too love!!!
got done w/my project like 15min ago. headin to school now. last day of art  :[
So sad!  can't believe that i'm never going to have another school day with those people! i'm going to miss them so much!
Has become obsessed with strawberrys and sugar? Also school days. However i'm upset at my school days dvd 
breaks over time for school tonight 
Getting ready to go to my high school's graduation ceremony! The band always performs. This is a sad, but happy day for me.  Ahh, seniors.
on my  way to summer school... one full hour of math to come 
I woke up and realized that I have 5 minutes to get ready and leave to get to school for exams 
Another day of school 
going to summer school 
summer school monday 
school is so stupid. shoulder hurts and im exhausted. only 3 hours sleep 
yay school is over. now a week of exams..... 
http://twitpic.com/7raw2 - Last day of school!  Haha i'll miss you guys!
Chillen...school is almost done a few more days. Then I have a summer with no school for the first time since 03...but work 
@mills_simon I do. And I shall cherish every moment... Until summer school 
good morning tweeeet! heading to school in a bit 
Falling asleep gotta wake early 2 go 2 school..... I'm takin summer classes &amp; now I regret it 
Ugh...going to school in the summer sucks 
i hate being sick and the fact that its almost the end of the school year 
Also, the outcome of court: driving school. 5 straight hours of video. 
She has to go back second semester summer school 
@Djthree20 yep summer school 
I don't want the school year to end! 
@melissaheckyeah  eww summer school how long is it? 
Having a big migraine and have to be at school all day for judging the hairdresser exam.. This is going to be a bad day... 
another day of school 
@alexalltimelow same here, got finals to study for  but tomorrows last day of school  then wait to see yu on warped! XD
Just finished my last day of work.  The school year is over!  But.....summer school starts tuesday    Looking forward to a new schedule.
Ratsies is packed. 'Sigh' I misssss college park durin the school year 
dismissed @ 12 &amp; yet im still in school.  2day is not a good day 4 the class prez
is sad her singing teacher cannot teach me singing 2day 
Morning! Long day of school 
school photos, chemistry retake...... Not a good day 
my love has one day of school left. then it's 3 weeks of freedom! one of which i'll be gone 
back in school for the first time in a month 
omg!!!!!!! its summer yay!!! but then again im sad  today was my last day at middle school
last day of school  class of 09 (: rawrrgasmness
Last day of school in 23 minutes 
ahh, school tomorrow. it sucks i have school year round. no summer break  goodnight, so tired. i had a looong day.
last day of junior high school.. how sad  i'll miss SOME teachers and friends (
 i can't believe i get sick on the first week of school.. 20 more days and then i'm outta there. ugh i hope i get better soon
drinking on a school night is never a good idea, even if its free 
i am sooo siick, havnt been to school for a whole week! 
Just got back from school..wwhhheewww!! glad the day is over..and it's about to start getting more hectic next week. 
Its the last day of school  Lets make it worthwhile with the graduation party.
standing here on the last day of school waiting for everyone to get here. 
last day of school... 
Last day of school  i can hear greendays time of your life already lol
Last day of school 
last full day of school. I feel so sick 
@so_hailish me too..:/ music school in the afternoon 
Last time im leaving for school this early in the morning 
school just called. they had a power outage. last night was the last time i would ever see these ppl again  until high school.
@chelseadiviney its the camp we go on for eight weeks with school... sooooo gay 
Going to the grocerie-store  After a hard day of school that's definetly NOT what i wanna do )
One week of school till holidays  Not going anywhre tho 
weekend  i have to do so much for school 
has an avalanche of holiday homework which are to be completed before school reopens! Have been slacking since day 1. 
has an avalanche of holiday homework to be completed before school reopens! Have been slacking since day 1. 
My baby's graduation. The high school next year, really! tear, tear 
Getting ready then summer school 
summer school  but hyped to be back in the hill!
2 days 'till school. SHOOT. i'm nervous.  :|
is not looking forward to school induction day..eugh its like been in year 7 again 
It's almost sad that it's the weekend now and I can't go to school (to see my friends). 
@thisisnicole can't gomy cousins want me to go help volunteer at their school and its for a week i sorry but we can go again later right? 
Last day of school and its raining 
Parentals took phone for 2 to 4 weeks because of F second semester algebra 2. 
Still ill, took day off school and I have a major blocked nose!  x
http://twitpic.com/7tggh - me &amp; jonah on the last day of school. sad to leave 
wow...i guess watching my 4 hour exteded vergions of lord of the rings in the morning b4 school sessions are over  oh well....
had rubbish day at school 
I hate summer school  who needs to graduate? Not me!
@Chatooties thats so mean - in my day when exams were over so was school for the year! ah well, thats progress i suppose 
@Nickjonas: i dont know! my days are all messed up since i got out of school.  you're great, bytheway! &lt;3
@EmilyAnnxoxo i still have them from the last week of school.  But for some reason they look darker.
last day of school....yay? 
really tired..spent all day ou shoppin! should be gettin my school report tomoro  that should be fun!! 
Wow last day of school just passed and already miss everyone even though we still have culmination 
Me and andrea r. last day of school.....  http://twitpic.com/7uif1
Me and @wiltingdaisies Last day of school  http://twitpic.com/7uiky
Me and @xoxoroxyxoxo last day of school  http://twitpic.com/7uis6
Just left a horrible day at school!  but ready for the weekend! 
i can't believe its summer......so sad....but excited for high school.....  
@mitchelmusso YAY!you're coming to florida!As you can tell I'm super excited. might miss it,it's the night before the first day of school 
@moonfrye My middle one is starting preschool this year! 
going to summer school on cruches and my computer crashed life just sucks 
i so need to sleep but instead i have to go set up the stage for the school summer fair 
8 1/2 hours of work next week? i guess that's cool that i don't go back instantly, but come on: i'm a college student now! i need $ too! 
this week was hell... i went to school for 6 days. i don't get enough rest 
@KellyRuthxo I'm never in walsall in the day cus I'm always here or college 
thought this tiredness would only occur during the school year 
next week will be busy  because of the school i hate it arghgg
@CassB592 summer school? 
Ugh i havent gotten up this early since the last day of school in may! 
i am seriously sick of school-i need to finish  so my day off isn't going to be all that fun
I still want to be sleeping, one more day until school starts blah. 
Fuckkkkk you traffic school 6 more hours to go 
well i've slept away half of my day.  more summer school work? YES!!!
I graduate in TWO DAYS!!! Last week in elementry school I'm gonna miss everybody so much!!!  @HollyBJonas @iluve @CeceliaRudeFace
Just one week left and I am done with boarding school - I think i am going to cry just by thinking about it 
enjoying my last real weekend til school starts again  boooo
@xilovejoeyx3 aww.  no school with you, you mean? aren't you still hanging out with him these days? and haha. missed you too. fine. sick u
i miss summer school 
depressed rite now, well have been for three months but this is the worst  im always alone in my room, and at school....
@staceysterling That's so cool...I'm impressed!(and I'm not easily) I took 4 languages in school but never had the time to focus on them 
trying to get all my last minute bible school stuff together, i feel really unorganized this year, i don't like it! 
getting ready to go back to teach summer school this week 
I'm so upset I forgot about high school musical singalong night 
only been away from school for about 3 days and already i have an inclination to go back 
going to bed, have to get up early to knit a stupid lame scarf!!  school 2 more days : D finally
@tttdang @heavenlykevinly I got a minor concussion from hitting my head really hard going down a slide on the last day of school 
is why did i have to find a great one 2 months before i go off to school 
i miss being at school where this was still an acceptable time of night to order food...i want dominos 
bored assigmenting   school finishes for holidayz in 2 weeks
@supersix8 it was secret once upon a time haha, and i was gunna go to warped but i had to sell my tickets to help pay for summer school.. 
@Nickrazy you're going back? do you have summer school? I have work tmrw, boo. 
@SuperChrisss Sundays are the days before school 
@mikareyes LOL aw mika you make me laugh!! so whered you go?! btw im sick  mums not lettin me to school tomoz!! another day with out me 
hate going to school. summer 
school again in less than 12 hours?!!! wala pako nagagawa!!! 
sister going away to ibiza in two days for a week and i'll have to go to school ! no fair 
school! :| i miss summer 
i hate mondays. 30 days of school left till summer vacation 
can't believe summer school starts tmrw  hello 7am class.....
how i miss the good old days! i want my high school time back 
Last two days at school... I'll miss you guys  And than holiday... What will I do? 
@heartmychloe wishing you the best! I'm a nanny and I'm going to be let go at the end of summer for cheaper after school care 
Why can't my days off school be sunny? 
first day of summer school. so tiring! 
@laulau88 haha, i hope so to xD and good luck with your resits, i still have 3 weeks of school 
 i have to be at school for 8 in the morning.
tomorrow, the last test in school for this summer.. time to chill baby^^ also cham quits makin music 
Today is the last day of school...I was looking back at stuff from this year, and started crying...I hate this! I wanna stay in 6th grade 
3 dayys left @ school ahhh holidays 7 whole weeks without fun bus times 
does not want this school year to end !    x9
looking at my school year book  i miss all my friends 
summer school is brutal, i'm not gunna be able to survive 3 weeks of it 
Another wonderful day......man school hours are long during the summer 
started summer school today  maybe #squarespace can help make my day a little bit better. haha
back home.. 5 more weeks of summer school 
@aisy yeah it isnt.  I went all out in soccer this year, on the school team and rep, playing every day, and these problems came up 
omg i just thought about it.. i literally only have three more day left of school. this year went by so fast, i think i might miss it 
seritonin pills in the morning D; fuckkk summer school 
is getting ready for summer school . so bored. want to go see my sisters keeper but i think it is too sad for me 
man school in madd boring  couple more hours to go. last day of school june 25th
stressed, but only some days left in school...i don't have energy no more 
i only learn this day for school 
Home from school, possibly had the least productive day ever...but now I have to write a psychology essay 
@iyaitssuzanne I got Spanish exam next week.  but after that, I'm actually going to do nothing at school! X
summer school needs to be over alreadddy 
touring a preschool next week-little sad my baby is old enough to go to school 
so tired school is baseically over just two more days just going to school for my friends.ill miss them  @SerinaAnnHughes and gwennnnn14
i'm sick.  i missed the last day of school. 
4 more days for holidays. As expected, i am not thrilled about going back to school.  
3 school projects for next week. 
@miabp good morning (?) ahah I went to school so I couldn't answer  how are u ?
feel bad that I forgot tonight was my mans first day of school! I didnt even get to pack his lunch! 
i knowwwwww! ugh it sicks everyone has summer school and camp...we cant hang outtttt. 
@cristineve i knowwwwww! ugh it sucks everyone has summer school and camp...we cant hang outtttt. 
@jamescantbeseen Your dad's sick too?  I wasn't even sick the last time I saw you. ( Is there school today? I'm so confused!
Saddd. It's the last day of school. 
@andyagustin ive been ok. just verrry busy. i go to summer school  then im off to israel. what have you been up too?
longg day with school stuff.. it was so boring! my nose got burnt too 
long crazy week of school, new students, short staffed, and we had to put down one of our leopards 
another day of school 
3 more days till school reopen! 
one day of school left!!! cant wait, but still have a heap of hw to do 
off to school. another day of exams 
Going to school, last day before holidays, i'll miss this class.. 
Going to school, last day before holidays, i'll miss this class.. 
argh school time now  and im late.. great!!
On bus Its time for school 
last day of school, god help me with my report cards 
So busy getting the girls ready for school this morning that I forgot to give them a cuddle. 
should really be finishing all holiday homework now since school's resuming on schedule... shit 
i love summer!!!!!! it has some sun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just think guys this tym 3 weeks ago we were at school having our last day at school! 
http://twitpic.com/8d0as - last 'proper' day of school 
last day of school for the kiddies one more day left till i leave 
is there any classes tomorrow? I'm starting to have a feeling that my school will lessen our summer vacation or semestral break. 
I can't believe it's the last day, I don't want this to end  school now bye!
Fnally going to school! Last day 
last day as classroom assistant 
I am actually sad this is the last full day of school. I am going to miss my entire first grade class. 
but i'm tooooo cool for school!  i don't wanna go...  but hey at least it's the last day!
second day of summer school.....ten more left 
got my school schedule already for next year  my last day of classes is may 26 and i graduate june 14  high school went by way too fast!
I'm tired people and I have summer school 
Aaawww my baby sis graduates to middle school 2day...they grow so fast!!! 
is up and ready of another day of school and homework 
school  but last day =D
In summer school. Not in a good mood right now 
hates when school kids talk about being &quot;FINALLY&quot; on holidays. I get four weeks a year gosh. I never have holidays 
@ no more going out on school days   &lt;3
why am i not feeling more relaxed about not going to summer school? 
awake for summer school. 
I hate school!! next week's the last week of school... I'm gonna miss you all, guys... 
Boring school week is goin' to end n about to start another one -.-  *help me outta here*
My old school where I went for kindergarten is closing. Todays it's last day being open 
Thunderstorm looks like it will ruin my gallivanting plans during last day of school for kids 
WEll than. I had a cruddy last day of school. 
so here i am , tweeting to y'all again, like i said this morning. school has ended and i feel rather tearful! 
I have no money  But I did have a fucking great day at school (Y)
ive been ill all week  I miss my friends, i miss school... :'( I never thought i'd say that.
city all day soo happy to be home. school in the morning 
Until we get to 10.0 unemployment It just time to do part-time and school 
Going to school and enjoying my last day as a 16 year old  but  too
so i'm up! lol getting ready for another enthusiastic day at school!  ugh! so boring!
One more day at school, one more day closer to the end of the semester. 
@DPinky haha still  and, there is only 17 school days left,not 21.
Taking the big 4 year old to preschool with enough donuts to make the teachers crazy 
: I wish school was like those revision sessions. Classes of 10 in non-uniform, able to have a laugh and learn at the same time.  
It's the first day of school, for me!! I start at 1:30, I'm very excited. Wish me luck. 
@insipidpoint keeping busy with recruiting and completely neglecting school. going to sign within the next week though 
@fldestry it is heavy. but I was in high school and had more free time on my hands. I will try it thank you 
ExpoFCT was a success!   We received more than 7000 students from secondary school.  Now I'm recovering from last week...
Hopes all her lil high school buddies have a great n safe prom night! 
41 days left of school! lol according to irene 
@MurderousMamii toronto  ....halifax next year for school though
@jcamalari I quite like it and a change for me from old days of marking student papers.  Most comedies are lame tho and like high school
last day of spring break. whose ready for the final stretch of the school year? 
@squashedpillow i dont go back to school for another week 
@allieloves  fancy jumping off the observatory at school on study leave day with me?  
a) i miss football season. b) we have 2 real weeks of school left... wtf! c) i love the mavericks. d) today is going to be good 
@mlirhar you'll be starting somewhere new and I'll be finishing my first year of law school. Both reasons to celebrate! 
I think I'm going to try to enjoy the last day I have before school 
@SophieClaeys Ahh me neither. But I look at it as the most time I'm ever in school for is 2 lessons  so I feel alright then lol.
school today :/ not long until summer holidays though 
Getting ready for school although my lesson starts at half past 11 ^^ 50 minutes after that I'm ready 
End of a busy weekend - work two jobs, grad school, single parent of a busy five year old who swims all day and then swims in her sleep! 
being on strike!!! no school this morning 
@mybeatofangel did you enjoy ur first day of school so far? 
@logansutch i got out of going to school  but im in a lot of pain. have a good day &lt;3 x
school after a long spring break is thumbs way down. 
is looking forward to spending the day in the sun while everyone else is at school/college 
just woke up and im getting ready for school, its a very happy day 
preschool and class allll day... so tired.. 3 more weeks to get through! 
back from school, having lunch.. One day less to summervacation 
Man school tomoz and I'm stayin up all night 
Counting down the days left of high school.  11.5 to go.  not sure if  or 
love having 3 days off of school 
Walking home from school and I look like a loner, funny day at school today 
i don't understand how we can have so much school left and everyone else is on their exams? luckily I take mine a week early 
gotta leave for school in 20 minutes...i love it when i can start my day calmly and peacefully 
off to another lovely day at school, it'll be over soon, 
Resting from a big day of college 
@xsophxgx yea exactly! have a good day  at school 
good morning going to school 
school again, 2 more days 
really tired, all this family drama is working out to my advantage....I have barley been at school this week 
tpa 3, check. 5 week student teaching, check.... on the downhill slide of the credential program 
@calvarybird Haha it has been a good day for you! I liked it better than all the high school musicals 
@GoldenFish00 Haha =D didn't had school yesterday either.. 1st of may! your inner calender gets better next week when school starts again 
@tld022284 heck no!  our school ends for summer may 20, we started aug 11. you?
Only 2 days of school this week 
how nice is it to have an extra day off school ?? veryyy! 
morning everyone. m goin to school now so have a great day 
gosh can't believe I only have on week of classes then finals! school year went by quick. So excited for summer 
@Mofosho yep. i mean look at the first letters of those streets. and yes!! i get out of school in about 2 weeks!  can't wait.
last 6 weeks of high school. 
Catching up on desperate housewives, bed early, gym in the morning and school all day.  
My son's preschool is having world day so we need to make three flags, and then tomorrow I am going to his school to make a horse 
@QuincyBrown lol...have a good day at school hun.. 
@Brandonhobelman i hope everything works out for you at school  keep me updated and have a good day!
off to get ready for school. have an absolute wonderful day! 
I lOve this day  No school --&gt; studyin' quietly
@yadatree I used to row in high school and just found out there is a rowing club ten minutes away from me so I thought I should sign up 
@_xotashhh I love having days off school, I had one on friday too 
heading off to schoool. going to have a good day. i just knoww... 
school then game oh joy  totally not lookin forward to this day
Last day of high school! 
Doing make up for the school musical this week aaah 
At school. with everyone before the first classs of the day  18 days.
Today was sooo boring in school. I was sleeping all the time 
is going to her last full day of school. life is good. 
is at school. its her last day. of high school. ever. ever. ever. 
@lilazngangsta have a awesome day at school!!! 
apparently im not getting drives to school in the morning anymore? well my dad left so no school for me this morning.. watching twilight 
At school 8am to 7pm, then keone chonie's class  have a good day!
my last full week of school! 
ugh i wish this school year would go faster so i can move on in life 
Just spent the evening at a gala for her high school drama company's 20th anniversary. Lots of memories 
@scarlethyacinth I'm working on a painting due for school and hating myself for sleeping all damn day and starting this so late.  
so this my last week of school then finals yesss 
I think its the hardest day at school so far,but it went so good! I got A in both lectures,and the exam went good 
@DHughesy apparently robbie williams used to drink 10-20 in a day...and people at school have been known to have 5+ without passing out 
is at work til 4:15 again today then going home to study for finals...2 weeks away from finishing my 1st year of pharmacy school! 
trying to muster the motivation to do some hw, not working out that well. Last full week of school for me 
eatting a kiwi  going to bed soon 1 week of school till summer 2009  text me
feels good waking up this morning and have no school.. 
thank god all my summer school classes are online  get to sleep in then go to the lake...finally a break!!!!!!!!!!!!
Last day of high school? Finally 
@icednyior I finished school about a year and half ago, so yeah, not too old school! Thanks for the comment 
bed time. school tomorrow. ugh, i hate school, but at least we only have 3 weeks left 
Really bad cold  I get a day off school thou 
singing and dancing went good every1 was laughing at me  lol  i got student of the month YAY!!!!!!!!!!!! so im very very happy   
@ddlovato hey, how are u? the last days of school are coming up.  then the exams :S and then summer 
Last day of school before the long weekend 
27 more days left of school until summer... 
Morning world. Last damn day of school! 
is at school on her last day - signing topssss  &lt;3
morning twiterers  getting ready for school
Only 5 more days left of high school. 
@TimothyH2O, ohhh. have a good day at school brudder.  
only 10 more days left of school and i cant wait to be out of this JANK school 
1 month, 5 weeks, 28 school days, and 36 days till school out and summers in  will be updating every day till school is officially out 
Just had lots of food at school only 1 more day left before leaving school. its going to be the best day saying goodbye to all my friends 
Last day of school 
going out to lunch and then judging middle school cheerleading tryouts...oh, how i miss those days 
end of high school in 5 days! can't wait for the weekend with leah 
This week of school was great! I passed everything and I got to go to one of my favorite malls! I also went to the carnival last weekend! 
1.do applic 2.study for physics 3.go to bed 4.wake up ready for school 5.school! 6.be ready to do it all again  oh happy days!
@EcoMomma What year did you graduate high school? You've got to be the same age as me, or close. Or we just like the same music 
1 month, 5 weeks, 27 school days, and 33 days till school is officially out and summer is in  updating till its officially summer 
@nickrp your day sounds so domesticated  but I can relate (not with school though, woo!).
excited that this weeks only 4 days of school!  #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley #niley
Getting ready for our last concert of the school year. So excited 
is studying!!  but only three more half days of school!! 
last week of school  YAY  party time people :0) &lt;&lt;@ca8lin's smiley, right there
no school for a week! hope everyone feels well 
YAY first day of school is over  took long enough!
13 school days and then it's summer 
@DavidArchie Haha, so how was your day? I graduated yesterday from high school!  
At school... weho, only three days school this week 
arg. school last week before half term though! 
Everyone have a good day at school! &lt;3 
@Karluh_ I graduate from high school next year! 
The beginning of the last week of school.. 
a new school week has started after a fine weekend, but it's just three days of school this week 
A bright and sunny morning, my son just went to sailing-camp with school on the bicycle 
Yay, kids at school, one week left til they are off 
the weekend was crazy, but i had so much fun, i need more sleep!!! i have to go to school... 
technically i only have 2 days of school this week 
good monday all... well i lived through the flu and feel not to bad today this is the last week of school for my kids woot summer is here 
Its cold and rainyyy blaaaa! But its my last A day in high school babbbby  just got tmmr left and im done )))))
goin to school in about a half- hour  first time ive been pumped about school in 4ever!!!!!
My car is borderline, is it worth fixing or not? Just what I need a week before I go away  Also got to look for the witness at school.
Is this the last full week of school? 
just got out of the shower. 9 more days of school !!!! cant wait for this summer 
gwtting ready for school..3 and a half more days left til summer '09!  
Last week of school!  so exciting!
is so excited that summer is in 10 days yay! gone to school and then really who knows 
So basically my livelavalive buttons finally came last night i was so happy  i still am happy but i do have to go to school
off to start my last full week of school ever  
only 3 days of school this and next week 
i just want to spend my day in bed wrapped into my blanky  fuck school
time to school see u later 
The last full week of school! 
Heading out to school. first school day as a 14 year old 
Last full day of school! 
- I feel like I'm heading out to my first day at a new school...  But summer break was only a couple weeks long 
last full week of school for lexiboo!  @mattielong you're the sweetest, got your message. &lt;3 ILYSOMUCH!
im getting ready for another day at school....But yesterday in baseball i hit a homerun 
Just finished 1st day at college and Lovedddd it!! 
it feels very strange not to wake up my 18 year old for high school anymore..and im signing my 15 year old up for driving school today 
another day at school.. 8 days and countinggggg!!!!!! 
@vish01 well our year have all just finished school so apart from our exams, we're off till september 
monday ppl, back to the same thing, school UGHHHHHHH, but on a brighter note about 18 days I believe left of school 
only one more day of school    yea!!!!!!
only three more weeks and I'm done with school forever! 
@HeartMileyCyrus yea. you have finished your day at school ? 
I am hoping K has a wonderful last week at school!!! 
hating school &amp; wanting this weekend! text 
ok lets get this over with 7 more days of school left 
I only start school at 11 this whole week.  then roadtrip to myrtle beach thurs.
8 more days of high school 
About to go to school, good day! I can feel it 
going to lunch with a few friends from high school.. pretty excited about that!  i haven't seen them in a few years!
last monday of junior year! last week of school 
lasr day of high school!!! its bitter sweet 
just got back from school. long, bad day. math's exam was quite easy but fingers crossed anyway (yn) watching cold case! 
@_michaeldavid I envy you, but I have only 4 more days, and then I'm not really going to high school... so its all good 
had one of the worst day at school in ages due to some people :@ oh well got chocolate cookies to cheer me up 
school soon. each day of school is one day closer 'til its over. i'm so sick of school. summer will be great.. i know it 
Sitting in school and having a 1 hour break for some reason im not aware of. I like 
school.... lame. cant for the beach next week 
Just met up with some school mates from over 20 years ago! Wow! Reunions are always such mixed-bags! 
off to play golf with my wonderful husband who took the day off...kids still in school 
One more day of school and then a week off  I really need a tan!!!
planned to get up for a shower at 6:30 fell back asleep and had one at 7:15 lol  getting ready. last day at school for one week woop 
off to school, last day of term then a week off school 
is off to school in about five minutes - listening to arctic monkeys, again 
i feel like i'm back in high school, had an amazing night without getting into any kind of trouble.  
the good thing: this next week is the last  and then off to school, well just the final exams and then VACATIONS! 
Just 3 more weeks of school  I wanna see Her MadGesty  !!!!
is off 2 work for the last time for over a week-i love working in a school!!looking forward 2 getting messy with the girls 2night 
cheers guy! have a good weekend, i know i will  gotta go back  to school now, grrr.  chat sooon
Off to school.. Last full day! 
4:49 AM and I have school at 7:00! Last full week of high school! 
@jacobbundren hahaha YESSSS. i get to see him this weekend! we're having a beach day with high school friends. 
awake. good morning. shower. school. spring program! painting some more. then... dunno. two more days! 
Only half a day of school before four marvelous days off 
Morning all, been cleaning all morning before the kids break up from school !! have a nice day 
Getting ready for school. 8 days away.. 
off to school then 3 day weekend 
Last day of high school!! 
school. Yay three day weekend. 
@Maritzasylvia  #flylady Last day for my school &amp; @slmar - most schools near me go for another 2 weeks &amp; varies across the country 
Last day of school!  I'm bringing little pink cupcakes. [:
Heading off for my last day of school 
i love senior cut day even if i'm still in school. school's super empty.. so nice &amp; peaceful 
last day of school?....crushed 
Last day of school - enough said! 
Getting ready for my last day of high school 
is about to go to school for one day 
hoooome! - back from school. tiring yet fun day!  http://tumblr.com/xpp1uc512
so this is it. my last full day of high school. can't say i'm gonna miss it anytime soon... maybe in a few years. 
Last day of school! not really just the academic part YES! cant wait for next week 
Today is our all-day, all-club picnic. Sucks to be the 15% of our students that didn't want to join a club 
gone to my last day as a high school junior! 
going home for memorial weekend  yay for long weekends and no school for 4 days 
@CraigKoplien school we'll forget a bad fcst in a day or 2 she'll remember this a lot longer no pressure though 
All I have to do is go to school for less than two hours!  then I go and train at workkkkk!  hoorayyyy!
last day of school! 
its almost summer   ... i hate school that why i'm so happy
On my way to school...now. ? 3day weekend  yay
only a few days of school left!  soooooooooo incredibly happy. you dont even know.
at school, hope everyone's having a positive day! 
off to freaking school, only like. 8 days left!  feeling kind of sick todayy.. :// have to go to aritons graduation tonight. not excited..
has only 4 days left of school and then it's summer! 
Off to the farm! Last kindergarten field trip for this year... 
It's a really nice day  can't wait till after school 
25 days until exams and 21ish school days left. 
back frm school major early today  ...awesome funn time holidays now woo hoo (:
can't wait for school to finish..  only two more weeks!!!
Last day of school!  
Just got back from school, was a good day 
going to school this afternoon, then work, then kristens 
last day of school! SUMMER 09!!!!!!!!!!! 
TGIF! and we have 3 days off this coming weekends and on mon we dont have school its memorial day 
Last day of school! 
has just come back from school and had a shower and is glad she is having a week off from school as it is half term 
three more days of school to get prepared for a nutty weekend with @getdownrock 
this friday my school ends and i will have 3 free months. I don't now what i will do 
My chemistry teacher has 4 dates with 4 different women this week. He must have a really nice profile online 
Oh wait! One more thing, 5 days of school left for me! 
Nine days left of school... So excited! 
Its twice as nice on school nights 
so glad school is over, two weeks off  can't wait to learn this new song 
is it legal for me to date an 18 year old high-school graduate who is amazingly hot and an amazing actor 
up and ready to start the day!  need to go into school to get my bag though, might have to sweet talk my dad
Last day of school! and discovered new favorite band 3 oh! 3 
