Most common words for this cluster:
[('science', 165), ('chemistry', 143), ('physics', 110), ('biology', 97), ('geography', 43), ('exam', 39), ('tomorrow', 27), ('revision', 27), ('maths', 22), ('today', 21), ('day', 13), ('exams', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'science', 0.7957548499107361), (u'biology', 0.7674298286437988), (u'Biology', 0.7617272734642029), (u'Physics', 0.7552335858345032), (u'Chemistry', 0.723795473575592), (u'physics', 0.7148059606552124), (u'Science', 0.7106987237930298), (u'biochemistry', 0.7000448703765869), (u'biological_sciences', 0.6965011954307556), (u'mathematics', 0.6893090605735779)]





Is about to start studying for her next course Biology 
Off to Geology class  super tired.
drooling thru physical science 
off to geometry &amp; earth science 
@ssbohio I failed chemistry... 
Physics. Again. And again 
biology...i have to stdy it.. 
I've started to learn for my examinations. Biology is so~ time consuming 
at home doing science essay 
I feel sickkkkk  Chemistry is killing me  I can't do it anymoreee 
@Cherye101 I feel sickkkkk  Chemistry is killing me  I can't do it anymoreee 
Yawn. Geography 
Science killed my unicorns  http://abstrusegoose.com/120 klikkentgess!
finished the chemistry paper! now onto maths.... 
@mayawesome Hmm. Sometimes. Depends what subject in Chem. But Chemistry comes under Science. I hate Science. Im awful at it 
I don't want to go to school!  Chemistry.i hate that woman -.- Its devil inside her!
Chemistry. Yawn. 
@littlecharva Thought I noticed some chemistry. 
sat in science, i hate it  not fair
trying to do my geography but i am failing 
Pharmacology + Psychology exams + same day = brutal + no sleep for me tonight 
studying mathematics restlessly  hoping the best for tmrw after the unexpected biology!
In geography 
Seriusly cant pay attention in science! 
I could have got 100% in analytical Chemistry! But Hypersomia killed it! 
wasn't happy about Physics test but hope everything's gonna be alright. 
I have to say goodbye to twitterland for now. Pharmacology's waiting !! 
I need to do science homework   i like graphing though : I
poly life so far so good. difficulty understanding 2 of the modules, science and maths since...forever. 
poly life so far so good. difficulty understanding 2 of the modules, science and maths since...forever 
Is 4am, and im officially done studying Biology....well for now 
learning math and physics 
Biology is stupid  Exams are either.
Biology past papers on a sunday afternoon are making me depressed... 
i really dislike science... actually just really dislike studying here 
I am not ready to study Microbiology for 13 hrs.......but I have to 
attempting to teach myself physics before the final 
sitting at home on a BEAUTIFUL Sunday, studying for Limnology and Freshwater Biology ... oh, the life of a bio sci student 
woke up, had breakfast and now studying biology again 
chemistry 
chemistry killing meeeeeeee 
@kylakoid but zoology is love! 
FINALS.....Zoology today. 
I wish i could make beads today but my son wouldn't like that and must study for biology midterm.  
Sitting in chem, going over chemical equations 
Revising French and Biology 
damn you biology, please just find another organism to annoy 
just revising, got my first exam tomorrow which is Chemistry which im not the best at 
Studying for Chemistry. FECKIN HELL! 
hates sciences 
Chemistry exam tomorow woo 
Chemistry exam tomorrow. 
being defeated by the environmental science final 
I have two more exams tomorrow. Bleh. Physics is not fun right now 
Studying for CST tests grr... Science and history  how am I supposed to remember stuff from 6th grade haha :p
I don't get chemistry. 
should be doing biology 
I have just failed misable a physics practical paper 
offf to finish physics and so spnaish , 
making physics hw &amp;studying math 
7 in geography 
@mossyrants @lucypaw I'd like some sexy dreams too, but all I'm having is nightmares about the Science center 
will be having a Biology test tmr.. *sigh* 
must work out how to do simultaneous equations! 
i think i have physics hw and eco hws  but i dont think i should do it LOL, i think i should!! argh
studying geography and its too hard for me 
I need to study. GP Articles/Math/Chemistry. GG 
Geography coursework 
Even at notre dame, I guess there is no escaping stupid.  Science vs mysticism, at any ivy league university. 
@GentleSinner Just science - really? 
trying to understand a biology prac i have to teach tomo 
science kills.  SATs in 2 weeks. 
science essay, english debate, humanities poster, bi scrapbook 
Revising for Geography, looked at the revision guide today.. I don't know any of it 
Biology revision SUCKS, also have a english exam the day before but need a lot more revision done on biology 
is back home and doing my Geography poster. 
doing science homework in the com lab 
chemistry! 
@_alyssaa I got a 58 on my biology project and a 67 on my biology test, I started crying in geography class the next period 
Biology is going to kill me. I think I'll fail this level in the exam quest... 
@SteveUSC how sad  i'm a computer science major i can relate, us science ppl are such in a huge brain drain, do you agree?
@LariiTran :S for science I got like 68%. 
In science  not looking forward to maths exam! 
has a Physics exam in an hour 
Watching Gilmore Girls, still in Pjs=D Suppose I should start doing Biology revision soon.... 
physics almost made me cry! TOUGHHHH 
i hated geography, was well boring lol. then again pharmaceutical science is too hard  lol. any plans for the night or just chill out? x
biology lab report is super killing me! i don't even want to do labs!! 
Physics right around the corner 
The microbiology lab smells like spoiled chicken broth. 
wtf? i don't like differential equations anymore 
i have to go soooooooon. science science science. 
@Makorani oooo lucky you !!! ... i think i will fail chemistry  .. but ill try not to .
Has got a boring day of Geography revision today 
In physics . . . . really bored 
feel so upset of the recent Biology test 
Chemistry quiz... 
Rounders was awesome! One more eam! But it is physics! 
Science. Got to do a lab. 
screw science paper 2 whei 
So apparently I got an award for philosophy and chemistry. I wanted maths. 
57 in chemistry 
This Physics project is consuming my day. 
@Montelimart63 only if you help me with biology.  i'll get on ichat.
Chemistry in biology is not fun. Not looking forward to next year 
@jcwentz Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography, only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work! 
Last Chemistry lesson for this school year!  On a brighter note, my birthday will be sandwiched between two days in chemistry lab! 
Going to revise for physics. 
Geography papers are so boring!  I hate revision!
i really need to go and start some more revision,biology or chemistry today me thinks 
Science, History And maths.. its so nice outside 
50 is sooo much better than 65  my biology score's so bad.
Chemistry is not fun.. 
@BonesCrazy24 I've had the week off too...but I have Biology  exams to revise for so my Bones time is limited 
i really really hate biology , u______________________u 
Okay, so decided to not go out!! Biology of Ageing class, is calling my name 
Doing my Geography coursework and pe coursework 
science so difficult !! 
Chemistry time. 
@kalylapermata arghhh kal I'm sick with these freakin numbersss! you're welcome kalyl and so sorry  I've studied physics and chemistry. U?
Currently studying for geography. 
@torijanes mmm wow, white magnum, i want one! i'm so far from being physics-savvy it's untrue  and we are pigless...still no inspection! x
really really should be working her Geography presentation...its due monday and i have less then half complete 
Chemistry is killing me. 
Geography gcse on tuesday and i couldn't be more scaredddd, i seriously know i'm gunna fail and i really don't want to. 
excersize time! then going to finish my science essay 
@taylorluce I can imagine them dancing round the barn too..I LOVE BGT...another year to wait...  maybe we should audition? Science song?
Working on my Chemistry study guide 
I hate my Science faci!  He gave me a C instead of the usual B!!!
I have an Italian, Sose, Science and math test tomorrow  I really should study now...but I dont want too :p
geography assignment 
Good morning everyone. I am so tired person. Today it's all about studying -- Maths, Latin, Biology and Chemistry. 
GAHH! stupid science. its so hard attempting to make up dates. 
Oh yeah, and I have a Biology exam tomorrow which makes me want to just bury myself here. 
Biology exam 2morow   I better start revising
@lilyroseallen Sounds better than my day - Biology Revision whilst everyone else is outside in the sun 
Goshhh, chemistry paper 3, honestly I know nothing about chemistry  http://myloc.me/2aXS
Hating science so so so much 
maths. history. science. business. media. textiles. very annoyed 
is studying for a Behavoural Science Exam 
learning at geography 
going to do some science revison 
studying biology is make me so weak  i hate it.
biology: the reason why i hate science 
i'm getting my revision on for this biology physiology and transport resit exam 2moro. 
@ComeStalkNic :\ i have 1 maths, 2 geogrpaghy, 1 french, 1 R.E and 2 Science's  you?
@liamsp Bastarding physics, ruining my tea 
is pretty damn bored.  Chemistry revision sucks.
Biology homework  5 pages to do :O
just wants Chemistry, Maths and Physics to go awaaaayerr. But I need the marks 
studying chemistry     its so not fun
Going back to studying for geography. 
@AustinHinton i can't study physics 
Is starting his physics exam soon 
so cba with chemistry. 
I have A Exam tommorow.. its Chemistry  its going to suck
doing science experiments 
well life just sucks at the moment. i NEED to get an A in unit 2 Biology tomorrow, and i most definitely won't. 
Sighhhh.......Chemistry test tomorrow.. and info tech..I hope i do well 
Chemistry test soon... 
Studying for Biology exzam tomorrow..   I shall be a BioMaster by the 1:30 tomorrow!!
http://tinyurl.com/lss2ch And I thought this question was about existentialism and not physics and biology 
@torriRAWR science, trim didn't set it either 
Is cramming for biology 
not looking forward to the two biology exams i have this afternoon. i just know im going to do awful! why is biology so hard?! 
I've just wandered about outside for a walk. It was short-lived as the heat is too much for me  Chemistry time (N)
I am going to fail chemistry honors!!! 
Writing a Science cheat sheet that i'm going to try and memorize by tomorrow because I can't take it into the exam 
i have nothing to do! (Even though the weather's great!) Tomorrow German and Biology exams 
Haatee chemistry 
Why must Chemistry revision be so boring?! 
in science   16more dayys (L)
In chemistry 
is studying for chemistry quiz. 
Chemistry class 
@mileycyrus same here i nervous about my biology final   ahh
@tabitharose93 Geography 
Chemistry Revision 
Just did Chemistry.. not fun 
At the engineering lab and things are not going as planned 
physics exam soon 
Biology went fine, to damn long though. Oh and thanks Holly, cant remember how to do the @ thing   Only Chemistry Left then summer hols!!
the chemistry is still there 
Studying for the Chemistry exam 
@oscarpower It transpires I am not goddess of the Microbiology lab. 
I should learn history now. and chemistry. and maths. and I just really really don't wanna do it. 
is making cue cards to remember all the chemistry equations... 
@gillybeanx chemistry is just not the same without you.  &lt;/3
I failed my science taks... 
continuing science experiment.. coming to school late, at around 9 i guess. soooooo lazyyyy 
Working on my science project.. no fun 
Working on my science projecto 
I wanna go 2 bed, but I have 2 finish my stupid science lab 
Physics sac was ugly this morning... its amazing the difference between unit 1&amp;2 and unit 3&amp;4 for physics... 
@TiffyLaw no geography with you   
I can't believe I'm actually saying this but.... I miss physics 
@LilGrasshopper its in biology  its my lab practical. it tests me on my knowledge of the labs we did in the class.
argh more chemistry 
It's the final countdown (8) lol chemistry I'd driving me nutso 
Geography exam today 
Geography today  and just my luck...beautiful day, stuck inside a boiling hot exam room! Cannot wait! (N)
It's not so sunny today. Chemistry revision all day anyway 
Just did my english exam. Geography in a hour 
going to revise biology 
@jave92 i hate you. i still have chemistry  awch well, only 23hrs 25mins left of highers for me 
only has one exam left. The problem is it's Physics 
Off to science 
Sitting in science 
Geography exam was sooooo hard!!! 
but im about to do really bad on my genetics exam    im really pissed!
@misschoo I have maths, Biology and Home Ec tomorrow 
Biology was easy geometry not so much. 
I don't like biology. I would rather just to math and physics allllddaayy. 
is studying for chemistry...not fun. 
I'm currently bumming in the bio lab 
science and maths exam tomorrow! 
Up at silly o'clock. Biochemistry exam in an hour  At least it will be over in two (Y)
Chemistry exam today  I reeeeally want to pass this but I doubt I will....
I hate chemistry! 
Chemistry exam in 30 minutes.. Not good 
needs energy to do this biology! 
i SOOOO cannot fail my science 1.1 
@Marshmelowsquid Christaaaaaa!! Science is hurting my heads!!! 
is in chemistry 
Gahhh three tests tomorrow, my three worst subjects too, science, geo and religion, 
should be doing science assignment  ewww
Has some serious Chemistry revision to do, but feels rather ill atm 
Chemistry - C at best. Shite. 
Over English...full steam ahead for science. Reprodution and genetics here I come 
Arrrrrrrgh. Biology.    someone please cheer me up? Preferaby a hottie... With some diet coke, and a twirl. You'd make my life.
got double science n double tech 
Revising chemistry. 
is revising chemistry. 
Just come back from a lovely walk from the shops but now i have to start Chemistry revision 
has decided watching paint dry is more interesting than Chemistry 
@filce I have English P3 and Chemistry tomorrow 
is not liking the fact she has a Biology A-Level tomorrow 
watchin weird science that girls got a hot bod depressing 
Waiting to get labs drawn... 
bored in science now that katie's graduated 
I need to do some Biology and Physics revision 
learning chemistry  
Failed Chemistry 
In env. science .. my breathing is bad again  oh myy
there is a giant spider in my living room  Chemistry revision then poemmms later! FUN.
is trying to do this science past paper. argh! 
@annie925 i know  but to my surprise i actually did really well in science! haha
is working on earth science. 
Ugh , I'm sleepy, I want to sleep.. but still learning  physics 
physics is so boring 
Studying for SATII in Chemistry 
I spray-painted my planets for my science proj today! ;) got it everywhere and the blue paint is still in my hands and feet! 
i really dislike biochemistry. 
learning chemistry   soo boring..
Really need to start revising soon :l Science soon  lol
will to give up... f*ing chemistry and germany... I'm such tired, I don't know how can I take two about them. I hate myself... 
soooooooooooooooooooooooo bored of physics 
i hate chemistry.its official now. 
working on my science final vocab 
officially failin physics 
Geography revision is soooooooooo boring 
Biology practise exam: 42%. Barely passed. I have never failed anything in my life but I guess there's a first time for everything 
omg. worst news ever in the paper. university of western sydney is cutting out all there science degrees  far out...
chemistry is &amp; always will be the bane of my existenceeeee 
Revising for Maths, then Science...fun. Sadly, I'm not allowed to watch DVDs or go on computer till it's done. Bye bye world of mine 
revising for science. i hate revising. 
is revising for science  BORING!
Very very sick and tired of Physics and more Physics .... 
Chemistry is long 
having a break from that advancing physics 
Sooo... finished preperations for my Dutch oral tomorrow. Now have to study Geography  I hate Geography.
@catrionax I can't be bothered with Chemistry, Physics, Biology, M2/M3/M4/S2 
@Mnemosime but i like biology  and chemistry.
finding revising for Biology really hard  come on the summer!!! x
i am actually going to revise tonight, i'm not going to fail biology and chemistry again 
Geography revision! oh fun 
Biology homework now. I really hate Mondays. 
Studying physics  Not fun at all. I'm really tired.
@milkshakex3 Haha i cant either yano, an not much just revising for Geography  u?
Bengamin butten is soo sad! Science project time. 
is doing a Science ISU.   
humanities homework. 
summer is fun, but my life ends tomorrow.  Physics at 8 am  
i'm going to fail science!!! I'm going to just drop out 
mathematics, icas, business, biology, physics, music, music composition, music prac- examine your mum 
doesnt want to do Science essay 
Going to bed enviromental science final tommarow ugh 
is working on Astronomy homework 
Studying PHYSICS... I understand the Mechanics, now I have to get down &amp; dirty with Chemistry! 
Maths is sooo boooring... I hate it!  It's too difficult! I can count isn't that enough for a biologist?
@AnastasiaLoxley Chemistry Physics and Welsh but mine lasts longer than yours  xx
In science researching transplants 
Grr. &gt; french exam then math right after. Science exam friday  then summer!!
i failed science 
sprained my thoracic vertebrate 
eugh, physics now 
K so convocation today, Engineering took 9 hours the other day, I don't wanna be there for 9 hours 
i'm so tired but i have to learn for politic and biology 
Ms Jackson got me mcdonalds with my final. SCORE ( : ! .... Physics next  smh
#opera seems to be running behind on reinventing the #web... it's quite a few hours past 9am CEDT and still nothing... 
doing science hwk! 
revisin for science 
Revising chemistry! 
If I feel like this tomorrow I can kiss buh bie to doing well in Chemistry 
i just signed up for chemistry, and i paid. there's no turning back now 
Doing boring homework  I have Science and Math. Atleast theres only 2 questions in Math&amp;Oh great I forgot what page I'm doing in Science
I'm still here and I need to sleep  so tired! I really hate chemistry!
@michelebele I'm taking college astronomy...like, wtf?! I got blocked out of marine bio 
Studying for chemistry. This is soo brutal. 
I need a basic calculator for science but I don't think I have one, I only have 2 scientific calculators 
Biology can suck my left nut 
Wishes organic chemistry didn't effin exist ! 
i'm sick. i feel so tired i want to rest but i need to memorize the branches of biology 
tomorrow are science and civic! Science : Chemistry, Physics and Biology..  I have to study harder and harder...
Studying for my science final and i cant find one piece of paper on energy  wtf.
Geography and German exams today  Im going to fail Geography xxx
@jfrd I'm so jealous that you get to go drayton manor and I have what's apparently the hardest physics exam ever 
reading chemistry.. 
Toootoootooo much homework. Physics SHOULD be forced to go die. Not allowed to drop it though 
Chemistry exam tomorrow 
Just finished studying Science! I feel so tired. 
3 days! Finals  Physics and luuunch, Whoa I get to sit there for two hours!
getting ready to study geography..how boring is that? 
physics tuition in half an hour  physics phyreallysucks.
science soon  ,   double ,  it bores me to to much !
Chemistry tomorrow  bad times, dammit football manager - you screwed me over
i'm worried about Algebra, Biology &amp; Statistics. i miss the old days when we called those Math &amp; Science. oh! i wish i were 5 again! 
@yingquah ying did not do well for her physics 6. this is baaaaaad... 
@anyapena92 NOO I'm in DLSU na!  I ended up enrolling in Human Biology 
geology shit now. do not waaaant 
ohh no of to science 
seriously not liking the music industry at the moment  maybe i should have worked harder at science and maths instead
had biology exam,. it was pips (Y) x lol chemistry and phis to go  not so good at those coz quite frankly i aint interested in them XD
; I want my Science marks! 
Nearly fainted in science, lovely...going Doctors 
is depressed after getting the worst mark ever in science 
I just failed my biology final 
has finished exams! Physics went dreadfully though 
ldjeofjvnkkdjvhnsjwjfp, =/   how did i manage to lose my science textbook...
learning some physics... 
Revision sucksss! I need someone good at Chemistry to help 
revising for chemistry 
@JCullenx i needed to be at least a 6c in science to change to humanities and im one fucking sublevel below 
Just washed the cars. So tired now! Chemistry GCSE tomorrow so I am going to pile on the revision 
Ow. I bruised my bum in Chemistry today and it really hurts. It hurts to sit 
To my physics professor... you're boring and slow!  yay for day 1.
Boredddd! and no chemistry learnt 
is not looking forward to his Chemistry and Physics exams this week 
revising 4 chemistry gcse!!! 
@DanaXDanger lmao i dont like science  i dont want to fail! how many do u have left?
chemistry science gcse tomorrow i hope i do well !! ah i no i wont tho 
biology, history, maths, geography, some else huh? 
failed physics... two more to bomb 
LMFAO omg i love you Science exam tomorrow 
Chemistry is the most boring subject to study for in the universe 
chemistry is kgjkghjfhgj 
just came back from mcat physics lec. i think i prefer last year's instructor more. 
@RyanSeacrest go for it! dogs are the best and labs are so cute! i want one, i'm jealous 
Almost at school  Then it's time for Physics!
allow chemistry 
have to leave you now, going for school bus. Biology test today  I think i'm going to fail  anyway bye !
Chemistry again 
Geography, cba with Biology test 
in media doing coursework which i really cannot be asked to do but i need to do  plus i just had my chemistry gcse which was hard 
@ah__na Biology was one of my favourite subjects last year but now I hate it so much, I can't remeber it well 
@scientist_no_1 i'm in clinical research now......so work in multiple fields. i do miss the science though 
This exam is ridiculously difficult. Why is that Biology always seems the easiest up until the exam? I can't get less than an A 
   missing Jake!! Failing Chemistry  crap day. Such a very crap day.
@LariiTran  I hate science.
geography assignment 
Ugh I have English and Chemistry regents today 
Morning.!!! i have an earth science regent to take... yuck 
examn biology wasn't that good i think 
AHH, my fucking Physics exam is in an hour and I'm freaking out! 
Just finished my physics exam! Going home! No more physics, awwww 
Physics exam  not cool!
earth science regents today 
i have to learn for biology...and i hate it 
wahhhhh!! i have to learn physics but i don't know what i have to learn 
Going to revise for chemistry  i dont like it 
studying for french and chemistry...yay 
I have to go do some stupid physics now  i hate science!!!!!!!!
Chemistry? 
working on science 
Power's back up! But not before it took out one of my student's physiology experiments. 
about to attempt to write my biology paper 
in science reall bored  making a skull.
exams tmw  science and religion so worried
eww physics exam 
I'm doing more organizing than studying for the science final and provincial 
I was not aware that pretty looks were this big in #science 
aahhhhhhhh human phys exam going to fail 
my algebra final was the easiest thing ever. science is soon though and i'm gonna do so bad on that 
UGH. Science  (N)
is dreading Physics gcse exam tomorrow 
Chemistry and Biology Revision 
in the classs science jimena alcazar 
@LeahLooClifford I've given up on physics 
Physics homework. 
Should be doing history homework, cba.. Might do it on the weekend, HAVE to do Geography now tho 
Science is a miserable subject....there are to many terms and equations to remeber 
Studying for chemistry 
@JenLin90 don't know it too  i just don't get it... i hate biology ((
Ahh!!! I need to take an insect i.d. class!!! But I'm a Botany major.... 
One exam down, one to go. Geography is a bitch. Science is it's close cousin. I really don't like exams. Not one bit. 
@samr7 at least you took some econ all I took was physics, nutrition, and astronomy as my cross over class. I'm not informed 
#inaperfectworld, I'd be studying Astrophysics. 
Hopefully sleep will plant some physics in my brain. 
Why did I choose Ecology? I just wanted to catch bugs 
@i_DOMINATE my science final i got a 72 
Ugghh, studying for science and french exam! I might fail science... 
working on chemistry 
passed chemistry!!!! no more mind numbing lectures! dreading the other results tho 
studyingg 4 scienceee... Ecology makes no senseee 
ugh. Phys. Science and Honors English finals 2moro... 
Physics final=retarded 
I'm urp! Urrr Physics and Maths...three hours dreaded wait inbetween them too  xx
Going to Chemistry Class in 'bout an hour ! 
physics exam this mornin. so clueeeelesssss 
Oww.... Physics starts in 30 mins 
#inaperfectworld Chemistry would have gone really well yesterday... or exams wouldn't exist 
Science now... 
Still in maths. Biology next. It's raining.  got dancing tonight! Should be fun! :p xxx
Physics exam 
Biology Exam today  At least its my last one ever
@ceskakendama i suck at geography 
has never felt so unprepared for a Science exam 
I hate physics. Just got back and started trying to do physics and i don't get it. 
wow i failed the science regents and i most definitely failed the math  can life get any worse?
He dosent know im there at least i dont think he does :/ Science and Maths revision 
C - The Scientist. 
@natalieox Physics  I couldnt do it so I started crying and almost slit my wrists  xx
Checking out post-examinations activities, so many Economics and Geography supplementary classes 
@brinabarin I don`t know what to do for the Science blah. 
Reading my high school books. Chemistry, math, physics. How I miss high school 
Chemistry hardly provides us a concrete answer for even such a simple question 
I hate physics !!!  
has to learn physics 
Spanish and Biology final on monday  plus i feel like shit...ehh
Exaaaaaaaams  .. i have Physics Exam 2morrow :'(
@darya_dee I can't right now, i am trying to write chemistry notes  ew
It is a science *FACT* that I can not true wheels 
Welcoming a new week; the last week of school. It's hard to welcome it when you know that the first day of it you'll have Physics exam 
Trying to learn chemistry 
i should probably start practicing physics over the summer so i don't get rusty.  after all 96% of the universe is still missing 
science experiment 
procrastinating...science 
currently trying to do science fair project, not fun. 
physics report 
my timetable sucks - I have two humanities  my only good subject is photography.. and physics will be fun with everyone 
Finshed English, revising Biology. 
Im back To Studying Chemistry and Algebra for tonight 
@jezzy14 aha you say that everytime + then get an A* ! I WILL FAIL! I cant do science 
learning science.... 
I'll have to do some Physics revision today... such an anti-climax to prom... 
Revising science  So boring
Completed the yearbook page , Chemistry and Physics up next . FML 
Physics again?,..whoa!! i hate it..amp. 
Still confused about Engineering stream 
i can only stand so much science at once. my brain eventually turns into smoosh, and i'm not able to even comprehend the easiest problems 
Not doing what i'm supposed to be doing, which is studying biology 
this is it. differential equations quiz no. 1. 
i'm a little worried about my physics regents  stupid
revising 4 science exam!!  no fun.
@Brhymez my last one is today.  Krambles Science.
I want to do something really awesomely fun tonight, but instead I have to research for Chemistry coursework. 
in physics review 
Revisin science 
Tripos dinner tonight - I'm no longer a graduand, so can't attend 
I do not understand Chemistry..... 
@alanadanielle womp, its physiology.. I can't sleep! I'll fail 
got to go to doble science 
science coursework again, done two days and bored of it already 
chemistry lesson... it is so boring 
I really hate Biology ! 
our assignment in science is so hard its killing me 
Making myself learn Radiographic Physics 
@NickWilson have you seen this list of Science places? http://bit.ly/slscience link there to SLHealthy wiki as well 
Working on my Science powerpoint 
@GoTravel24 which explains why i did so (cough) well at Geography..!  
@azthumper - I study Science 
@maryisamonster its at the pacific science center 
That's right! Science just proved that a hit from a football can do more damage to someone than a hit from an American football. 
Hey twitter, who wants to help me study for: APUSH, AP Physics C, AP Eng, AP Comp Sci, IB Comp Sci, or IB Physics? 
successfully memorized all the formulas for physics, i think 
physics day at six flags = awesome.  and i don't even like physics. totally rode goliath six times. 
@itsashleycakes glowing ceiling  do u sleep in science musuim ?? Lol
physics lab over, got Halls effect....had a decent viva.....lets hope for the best now....but hey...no more physics lab ever again!!!!!! 
@Sabatea learning biology is veeeeery successful 
Running experiments and hanging out with young scientists 
except that I'd contend that WarGames, not Weird Science, is the movie that made generations of nerds grow up to be programmers 
Wow, massively overslept, will start revision at 1... Particle Physics. Move my revision timetable and everything stays time-neutral 
chemistry lab notebook completed: check.  4 chemistry quizzes completed: ......yeah not so much. 
I'm a bit happier now. Found a bit of motivation in Physics. I know I won't do well for the paper but at least I've started revising 
Biology final today. Then home to prepare for psychology. 
) no more Chemistry!!! I'm gonna choose English. I find it (Chem.) kinda boring in the end! gonna help people &lt; who choose Chem&gt; 
@GothixHalo I wish you and ste could've met him when you came over, you'd love him  I'm hoping I can learn physics via him lol
should be doing her Science presentation ... sod it 
#SanctuarySunday hehe, tesla &amp; magnus.....very interesting chemistry  lol
@mayaxlovee haha, last minute; that's what my earth science is going to be like.  how many captions do you have done?
@aef6259 thanks for sharing - it made me smile  finished studying Microbiology (might just take the final tomorrow night). i love you!
hey. so right now, im procratinating studying for science and vocab 
@spbloom Again, beware or I will bring science into my argument.... 
To my dear followers: You are very, very lucky I'm not spamming with Chemistry. 
is well bored in Science, meant to be revising 
One of the funniest chemistry periods ever 
Doing merch for quiet science 
chilling with the markus. never did physics. woo! 
@kden I'm taking both Sociology and Geography 
almost done with science project 
Science center with @jackalltimelow 
http://twitpic.com/5di1f - this is what i got up to while every1 else was doing a biology practical 
HOMEWORKING :| Now lets see what i've got... Chem, Bio, Physics, Debating.. ohhhhh F*ck; I think i'll just go and read some more HP 
@_McLucy_ its a sign. god is telling you not to study for science 
Is in science 
The King of Chemistry! 
In science, munching away at my popcorn 
We did good on maths and biology!Yay for us! 
@dhogden now that is an impressive topic!  Calamity Physics, Vogue, Elle, more physics... sounds like a reading list   miss you
B and  C in Science, grades may go up though 
school, kill me. Chemistry SOL :/ YUCK. but on the bright side,  NO french 
schooool; last full weekkk!  and then amandas to study for physics...ugh
is in chemistry and has found her text book  thanks witworth haa, science crew haha
@laurieplanet when I 1st looked at that I thought you meant age &amp; I was like eh..but then I guessed yeah we do! what about after biology? 
I alive... I made it through the biology lesson 
in science watchoing evolution 
Chemistry revision. 
Physics class can blow me. So can devan. 
in chemistry bored ..... cant believe dublin might be sold out!! 
is revising Biology with Han 
at noodles houseeeee  revising for biology ;) ..x..
yess! my solnischko is coming over to learn biology with me 
@StevenTainsh applied science, then i want to do biomedical science next year 
@TeamDraven  lol I knew those biology classes would come in useful for something 
Physiology sub, yesssss 
Last Chemistry lesson for this school year!  On a brighter note, my birthday will be sandwiched between two days in chemistry lab! 
@sjdvda I did Physics-Math-Design &amp; Tech for HSC. Hardcore engineering. 
