Most common words for this cluster:
[('season', 659), ('finale', 108), ('episode', 32), ('hills', 31), ('seasons', 18), ('day', 17), ('time', 15), ('show', 14), ('lol', 14), ('football', 14), ('game', 13), ('th', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'season', 0.9368911981582642), (u'seasons', 0.7062545418739319), (u'sesaon', 0.6740161776542664), (u'seson', 0.6726589798927307), (u'seaosn', 0.6426301598548889), (u'seaon', 0.6384482979774475), (u'finale', 0.6090502738952637), (u'theseason', 0.6046611666679382), (u'Super_Bowls_Mandich', 0.6019070148468018), (u'preseason', 0.5971062183380127)]





HEROES just isn't doing it for me this season... 
Car show season has started without me 
I don't like the previously on skins thing that starts at season two. I like it when it went straight into the intro like before 
sad day: manu out for the season 
@heidimontag just got done watching the hills! loved it! excited for the next episode! and im sad this is the last season! 
the last season of the hills  what will one do with oneself when it ends?
@heidimontag we don't get to see season 5 of hills till may 
@jutecht btw...loved your baseball post...this is definitely best time of year...was disappointed red sox opener was rained out... 
random thoughts pt 3 of 3: i'm onto season 3 of l word. i don't want to watch this season because my favorite character dies. 
So what did we all think of the hills last night? I thought it was ok, just focusing on the fact that it's ending  last season!!
The twins loath their bid for a perfect season 
excited and sad for my last cheer comp. of the season! 
14 runs in one inning... what's wrong with wang this season?! 
I have to wait for the rest of the season to download. 
@babygirlparis who was the winner of season2? i'm seeing it for the first time, in my country, and i don't know yet who was it 
@aleahhh season is almost done with babe 
@priorax *fingers crossed* I haven't actually seen season 3 yet 
Watching competitive cheerleading on TV. I miss cheerleading season 
@ZacharyLeviNet I know, only 2 more  I have high hopes it will be back for a 3rd season! fingers crossed!
watching nfl replay...chargers at bills. oh how i miss football season 
 is stuck at home with a barfing kid. Can flu season please be over now
@RPatZHood the phillies...I am a season ticket holder....they are lookin like crap! 
I hate allergy season 
It's safe to assume that allergy has finally caught up with me this season~ 
I wish i was at coachella this wkend  I had to work through aust. festival season
@ShikhaBirdie lol dats great, Congrats ! I have yet not tasted it in this season 
only 3 more episodes until the end of the season  i hope the season finale ends in a bang!
the hills is so fucking goood omg I want season 4 on dvd and I need to watch season 5 
wintersport season is over  see you in december
the last game of the brackla footie season rolls around again  what will I do with my Saturdays through the summer?!
I wish i still watched lost. I gave up trying to understand it all on the third season 
having a hot milo about to go to bed, l know it early but im bored, wish l was playing basketball this season like my husband, i miss it 
Last football match of the season  but we did the whole spray champagne thing which was cool 
@tatiny can't wait to watch casual friday! then one more episode before the season breaks 
@herbonestrcture where do you watch skins from? i can't find season 1 online at all! 
Pushing Daisies is my new favorite show, to bad it only ran for one season 
@angeloys ha aye, see u next season 
@onelittleduck nightmare game! Looks like we'll see you next season 
@stephenfry We'll have your spot in the Colaship next season at this rate 
@TroJoe oh, that's what i meant, season 2, ep 15... 
@alexanderhazel I watched the 3 seasons that are out on dvd. I have to wait for season 4 to come out on dvd to catch up 
Finely getting over my beloved Bulls bowing out of the playoffs ...oh well like any chicagoan will know...wait till next year 
omg monk is on it's last season  love dat showw
@MissLoveJones tell me about it! too bad it was the season finale! 
the unit rocks! so sad next week is the season finale 
@BellaKerry But it's season finale right..so we have to wait a long time 
WOW i had no idea a series of heroes just finished, and i didnt even prepare myself for it being the last episode  until next season then
only 2 more games left in my lacrosse season 
I got it at the beginning of the season, but I haven't been babysitting as I have footy and lots of schoolwork and physical therapy 
yao's out for the season with a broken leg...it's all over, rockets.  
yao out for the season  on the bright side at least I'm not a mavs fan
I wonder if season 2 of dollhouse will happen... 
@OfficialDHough going to miss you on the show!  can't believe you won't be on the finale!    coming back next year??!!  best wishes..
@musicmuch lol I know huh  we shoulda been smart &amp; gone at the beginning of the season or at least when all our faves were still there lol
just finished season 1 of veronica mars. man I did'nt expect the end. I hate how I get into most of the good shows after they're canceled 
@sambot next week is the season finale!!!!!  
wow one more episode and im done with season two of skin... saddest one... 
@madilovesmerder haha  LOL wat has been your least favourite season?
hoping to see the next season of trueblood. sighs. 
@cutiep sadly tevez is leavin man utd at end of season. 
open season 2 finished, now even more bored  starving too, hopefully dinner will be ready soon, what can i do now? x
@midnightcon i will be sadpanda if it doesn't get a second season 
it's the season finale of cold case  i hope it gets renewed for a 7th season..&lt;3
@cory_ i went through a phase where i literally watched season 1and 2 in like...3 days. ha. good show. but i haven't kept up on it  
@TOOHOT2BREAL25 that was the season finale???!!! How sad and wretched. 
somewhat disappointed in the season finale for brothers &amp; sisters... 
@babygirlparis looking forward to the new season! I'm so upset I wish I would have known so I could have tried out!! 
good season 
Watching the castle season finale solo! 
@GaryKlaput (season 2 really went downhill for me!)    intrigued by gypsies/carnies from that decade. s2 had too much religious fanaticism
i'm so upset. the season finale of house was so fucking sad! he has officially lost his mind 
@mefew i know its sad  but with the last season you can kind tell it was over !! :'(
 next season will be better
oh man I can't wait to watch lost with brian tomorrow fgfsfhhddgv. Last episode of the season 
@fenwicked only one season left 
@joshgracin  no football season, dont rush baseball season 
@HiMyNameIsMia i know rightttt?! i'm sad this next season is going to be the last one 
oh no caps lost  #dc well be back next season
@chriswu the last game of my season pass this weekend 
@totallyninja I have a feeling that they'll end the season with them on opposite sides and that'll be the storyline next year 
@gelazurbito i wasnt able tofinish season 1 boo! 
watched finale bones episode 2day...good story, well done, loved it. the end wasn't 2 satisfying though- now i've 2 wait till new season 
@katibeth Of the current season or a past season? Because tomorrow's series finale will be craziness. And I have to watch it online later 
TV died - I'll  have to watch the lost season finale on my computer monitor 
 season final of supernatural tonight. 
Looks like the season is over for my mavs.  next year! Mffl
@heroesnphotoes i know! so cute! ahhh stupid season finale. 
Yesterday was good until the tv cut off at the end of the season finale 
Oh damn guess I'll miss the greys anatomy season finale 
new office tonight!!! but it's the season finale 
I don't like farewell, that's why I always reject to watch the final season of FRIENDS. 
I didnt get my season tickets... I'm so sad 
@qbee27 will be difficult to find many around that time with it being hurricane season 
long chat with @adamjschmidt....i hate not knowing where i want to go from here with my career 
Just watched season finale of scrubs, cant believe its over 
FINALLY watched the season finale of grey's anatomy! but man what will next season bring?? 
last concert of the season tomorrow 
Just watched the season finale of greys anatomy  dam it was sad
@yaeljk can't get fresh peaches here. Only available in brunei, imported. But it's not d season now... 
Oh wow  season finale of  greys is a non stop tear jerker 
 ahhhhhh supernatural S4E22 is finished!!!! I like to watch Season 5 now. make the season 5 already c'mon!!!
~ @fadedmoon series finale! 
At the baggies for the last time this season 
didn't make it through the allergy season without getting terribly sick 
yay #GilmoreGirlsSunday today watching season 3 again, but I wanna have a 8th season or a movie 
season finale of desperate housewives tonite! I'm sad all my shows are over 
i'm sad the football season is nearly over 
Celtic let me down again, just like arsenal have this season, bad times 
That's it. We're down  A few more performances like that this season and we may have stayed up.
work, then season finale of gossip girl 
Idiots are bringing scrubs back for another season... They finished it so perfectly too  http://bit.ly/YFVmN
how'd they just cancel on season two like that!? WTF mate. 
@AvenueSwank lmao!!! U better not!!! I heart them   they're in this season....I swear!!!!
can someone explain why wal-mart only had one season of criminal minds, and it was the third season?! why not the first? 
@s_beautiful season 5, but baru episode 6   haha i heard about izzy being sick but don't really know the details. Not yet.. hee.
And I missed the season finale of desperate house wives, 
And the hockey season is over 
@Amabacha well, I'm not a threat to you at all - I havent had the best SuperBru season 
@scooby867 Me too  Still there's always next season ...
is REALLY sad that The Unusuals wasn't picked up for a second season 
scrubs!! hopefully the series wont stop at season 8 
@Gabs1468927 yeah lol, i watch it online thoughon youtube though lol cause over here season 6 hasn't even started! 
@thomaswtf you'd better keep it a secret! i'm only on season 3 
@offsideshark ....it made me so angry but omg so so so sad  are we ever going to have a good season.
just watched grey's anatomy season 5 finale. the writers deserve to burn in hell...not george and izzie. cried for like 10 minutes. 
@LadyFrontbum I wish we had the new season of heroes here. It just stopped after season 2 
@shamanaflora sounds divine! blueberries are out of season here 
@cityspur What were your thoughts on the new season? I liked it. For me, I could see a few more weeks before the season finale 
ah yes, happy monday to all! end of softball season right around the corner 
@KianaBritney i know! season finale 
24 season finale is tonight and I haven't caught up  what a bummer!
i can't believe its a very sad ending to prison break.. i cried n still feel so sad.. sighs  excellent season all along..
@mumble_rosie what season is it on? I had to stop watching when it moved to sky 
criminal minds finale!!  now i hope season 5 is gona surface!
study weekend  watching 90210 season finale now!
@sorcha_o_c Watch the end of season 4 and you'll see. I think I need to rewatch the season to get it 
@_peaches you were laughing about me?  gosh talk about season two of the hills-so long lauren...
just watched the season finale of ugly betty.. so sad.. 
@rileylife !!! You got me into that show and I love it, but I haven't watched the season finale yet, so thanks for that 
ugly betty season finale  breaks my heart.
@bodogo golf season began.yay! also inspired by ur progress.i shld get fit too.but lazy and procrastinate 
Just watched ugly betty finale.. so sad 
@bdogo golf season began.yay! also inspired by ur progress.i shld get fit too.but lazy and procrastinate 
aww... i think hayfever seasons started 
can't believe the football season is almost over 
hurricane season is over  this years playoffs was one of the best until the semi finals ..disappointing..
just reading up on the last season of the hills.....feeling a little down knowing that it'll all be gone soon 
was m.i.a. watching 4 hours of my show, 4 more episodes left of the season on dvd  #trueblood
Oh darn he's only 17 so he won't be on the shoow this season 
Q: what studio created 'Open Season'? should google it or look at the dvd downstairs but feeling lazy 
boo for all the season finales.. 
@c0v89 i know!  This season has just zoomed by!
@TraceeEllisRoss no not at all. I MISS GIRLFRIENDS!!!!  i have all the seasons.
So not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until... 
@freckles08x   plus, it is going to clash with ugly betty when channel 4 shows season 3 next month as well. grrr  !
sad ending to the softball season. 
 rainy season-- here it comes!
I so need gilmore girls season 5 
i just realized my last regular season softball game is tomorrow.  im sadd
Just watched season 2 and season 3 of &quot;The game&quot;.. damn now im upset they took it off the air 
@OMSVU I am more depressed thinking about once the finale is over that is it, till the fall 
I'm now anticipating on 90210's Season 2. 
baw  the last episode of season 4, so good, so sad.
@96TruwarierQB yall deserve to be there more  we got it next season!!
i would really like to finish my last 4 episodes of 24 season 7, but mayor mike is hogging the big tv 
@walkingoncrack 4real, I miss football season so much  bring on romo, ware and witten.
@angelmagno i want to watch gg season 3 too. 
misses the footy season already 
@monsimac oh bugger, sorry. Should have @ replied it. Season 5 is pretty average so far though 
Probably the best nuggets season in franchise history ends! aww man i really believed in them  oh well let's go cavs!!
Sectarian marching season  C'mon fellas, that fight was 300 yrs ago
first meet of the season http://www.treeviewdolphins.org/....overcast and cold...the little ones will turn blue 
@1capplegate At least we get a series finale although I wished it continued 
can't believe that the football season's finally over 
beautiful afternoon.  too bad I have to work and miss my first fest of the season.  
I'm very disapointed supernatural season 4 is all finished.  cain't wait for it's return.
@zelmbini yea that sucks scottys been running well this season 
@_lovenotes - Season four! I don't like him. 
I will say, with the NBa season in its final stretch, its almost like the last day of camp approaching...     
Off to my last dance competion of the season, awwww 
1st swim of the season and the tan is back 
oooo '24' is sooooo good!!! too bad this season ended like a typical 90s movie... abruptly with no closure 
i can't believe the hills season finale is on tomorrow 
@kodieb have you slept yet? no season 4 isnt out yet 
@thesmall_print I really like season 2! I'm tempted to start s3 but should probably sleep haha.  about s3 though. have you seen s4??
ughs at spider season 
@limburger2001  I'm still awaiting the new season.
why is that i always ruin shows for myself... only up to season 4 of one tree hill, yet i watched the final scene of season 6.. 
@popeduck if it's season 3 of skins I'd be sad too, it all went downhill there 
doesn't think having to work today constitutes as a good reason to miss the hills season finale  booooooooooo
season8 weny by so fast..i miss it. 
 The season ends
oh dear the football season has only just finished and i'm missing it already  i aint gunna manage a summer without football!!
okayyy, so this is when my computer starts being a dick-face and I can't finish watching season 1. :O 
those damn cavs...dream season is over 
@MichaelGordoN haha i hope not! nahhh...it IS swimsuit season though 
mtv awards tonight and season finale of the hills 
@CCMonai- im not ready for this finale either... 
@stephaniepratt we're only on ep 5 here in england of season 4 
@chadmichmurray that's so sad and disappointing you and hilarie aren't  coming back to the show next season 
@jamiewaters its kind of bittersweet...i watch the finale, love it, then have to wait a whole summer for it's return 
i want volleyball season to start right now! but i wanna play with the seniors  dont want them to leave. its just not the same
@getvisible no not really, a lot of players have gone so we need to rebuild so may take more than a season 
excited for the mtv awwards and the season finale of the hills! laurens last ep!! 
Watching the hills / getting ready for work .  Missing the season finale tonight 
@ColinGM unfortunately they've gotta film the second season jet 
@christinerose me too! I'm behind this season - I think the new season is over already.  have you seen any of the new season?
The hills season finale is 2day.... lauren conrads last episode 
@mr_mcfox I have a half season to catch up on 
3 more hours to go til the breaking bad season finale! 
season finale of the hills tonight, i'm going to miss your pretty face lauren 
@arttherapy2heal LOL. I think you may have just finished season 6 and I've only just started 5. It's hard cause I work the nights it's on 
Watching hills season finale  so sad will miss you lauren
ah season finale of the hills! laurens last episode 
the hills season finale..and lauren's last episode 
Twitting from my bedroom on my labtop while watching the hills season finale and L.C.'s Last episode ever 
@EbonyNicoles I've been so busy I missed this whole season except for a couple episodes 
watching the season finale of the hills 
i wonder what the next season of the hills is going to be like with out lauren  @laurenconrad
@steviethe____ haha yeah it's amazing. i only got into it last year when my mate bought me it.. and it's amazing. I need season 5 
@steviethe____ i have seasons 1-4.. i need 5!!!! 
@steviethe____ yeaaah i heard.. my mate was telling me, and i told her to stop... season 4's end is so sad 
gunna go nuts waiting for season 5 of supernatural...doesnt start until september 
going to watch the hills season finale. so sad laurens leaving 
just loves hayfever season, yesiree. 
@laurenconrad i thought that was just my tv... couldn't hear anything about what's happening next season 
@ChrisIsSnowie I need to catch up with Season 8  I just missed the end of the ep 
happy hurricane season to you all 
@rockstarsharks didn't watch the season yet  is it good ?
@MicheleCatahay yeah...leave it to me to get into it when the season's over. 
@notafishkiller season 5?! are you kidding me? i'm so late right now. i hate you, @lifeswings 
@alviealvie alvie!! season brp? gw br ampe season 3 tengah2 nih, sm season 4 blakang2nya  i want alex karev!
So bummed the hill are over  but it's all good I'll just buy the season 
@mileycyrus: So is this the last season? 
@mileycyrus plz say its not the last season 
@mileycyrus Is there season 4? 
@mileycyrus i hoping for another season but I guess it's the season 
wasnt kent at all, goodle liiiesss staying in the coach with no windows for 1hour and half  yesssss season ticket north lower
@fostaus4 i miss @laurenconrad alreadyyy  did you like the season finale ? andy samberg was so funny at the mma! 
the hills season finale... 
@AmazingPhil Season finale?  I'll miss you lol.
@mileycyrus hey miley, when you say the last episode of season 3, will it be the last one ever? 
@mileycyrus  the last week already. wow. is there going to be a season four or is hannah montana over after season three?
@SarahxFrancis ahh really? i've only gotten halfway in season 3  fail
@LaurenConrad when i watched the season finale there was missing audio at the wedding and at the end  second time it was on tho it was ok!
@jeanakeough You better be coming back on the new season... 
I now have about 200 cans of beer in my garage  oh well, watching 'The Hills' season 5 finale 
I'm still missing two seasons 
well i spoke too soon. disappointed in coach this season! its bad...again. 
I dont wanna Watch the season finale of the hills cause it looks to dramatic 
watching the hills season 5 finale 
Season finale of breaking bad was strange, pity season 3 isn't starting now 
So not impressed with the new season of jon and kate plus 8. It makes me so sad 
the hills season finale, lauren's last episode 
going to bed!!!!! ready to buy season 4 of 2 and a half men.. but i'm broke 
@xoMusicLoverxo the first season 6 episode? I was going to, but then I realized that I'd be even more sad that there's no more leyton 
Boys lost their last regular season game.    It was a rough season.
i have finished watchin season 4 of greys anatomy and it is 4.30 am!  i am a freak  i have to go to bed now, i have to be up in 6 hours 
@_cupcakes yess I love it! I'm on the last season unfortunately 
@ElizabethSigns which episode? I love bones! How did u like the season finale? I was not too happy about it 
Just finished (gasp) the entire season of 24 (missed it traveling for hoops). Disappointing finish, for sure. 
watching the last episode of the last season of #StargateSG1 
Just finished the third season of heroes totally expecting to go on to the fourth tonight   Anyone know when season 4 starts? #heroes
It's property tax season 
@bettytedwards yeah it was a old episode from like season one with no marcel  that monkey is legend!
@pinkeyedmonster season finale ep 25. im at 12. 
@natlewis agghhhh it was the season finale of house last week, and i didn't know! 
i wish the second season of wipeout would appear on axn soon 
no quiz tonight - team didn't get entered for the season for some reason - booo  
oh mannn  just watched the season finale of the hills. i wanna cry right now 
hurricane season is here ugh 
@AmandaAzzarello @nikster07  but what fruit can we use? nothing good is in season 
real housewives of the oc is finished for the season 
@emilyosment_ http://twitpic.com/6gjjq - what is with a season 4 ? 
finished season 7 of smallville. now what? 
@an1sh not really sure how this works but hi!!!!!! i can't stop sneezing...hayfever season has just started for me 
@emceereach Thanks for the spoiler dude...  Since wie dub every series we are like one season behind you guys in the states.
lost our first game of the season  probably going to jills house!
@franDH you know it!!  i wish i had showtime to watch season 5 
i hate allergy season 
@parisianaa omg me too    I'm still praying for another season haha
lving in the zip ;P.. missed the second episode of the season  e news rox!! 
@Mongoos150 i'm waiting for season 3 on dvd. it's killing me  haha
i want the whole season of the big bang theory. 
im not excited for camp nomores due to the shit weather. and mossimo is having a mid season season omfgggg. 
@shahidkapoor the strikes been bad for all... the entire vacation season lost 
got season 4 of weeds in the mail yesterday! if only i had showtime to start watching 5 on the 8th... 
just spoilt myself for seasons 2 through 4 of bones. why do i always do this 
@mornane season 2?! i always thought you were up to season 56475600. what time are you coming to school tomorrow? im there the whole day 
@ddeeaannnnaa89  I need next season now.
@mileycyrus awr  there is going to be a season 4 isn't there? x
@RhianAllan *series.... not season  haha.
@sanchitm me wants the fourth season... 
@j_claflin I'll keep my fingers crossed for you! I heard Privileged was great. Some of the best shows have been cancelled after 1 season 
Last episode of prison break was so emotional. I loved the last season. It's sad there's going to be no more. 
rainy season 
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! 4th season here i come
@jemillahayne i wish there was more seasons 
@iLikefatkids yeah, me too. It's sad they got axed.  but if there were more seasons, michael wouldn't have died.
@rjramos   what season u on now?
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! 4th season here i come
@ebrown2112 no, i havent followed it this season cause my tivo broke   waiting for dvd's
Its about this time that I start to really miss the football season 
@bertpalmer not a good season so far for him is it 
@angrybonbon    it can't be definitive - the season is over, city can't lose any more games
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! 4th season here i come
@ChadMichMurray  you broke my heart when you cried in the season's finale  i burst into to tears.
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! 4th season here i come
Bohs lost again to pats,not worried bout this season but next we could be bankrupt 
@megandailor what?? in jail?? i was not informed of this.  festival season will not be the same 
i miss american idol season 7 
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! season 4 here i come
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! 4th season here i come
i'm am sad that lauren is leaving the hills but i'm also excited to find out what the next season will be like without her! 
finale of greys...  i dont think i can bear it...
hrumph. it's mosquito season again. 
another rainy day...just saw the season finale of the amazing race, a bit boring  watched 24 episode, briliant as always!
I hate allergy season 
crazy day. just left the wrap party for hannah montana season 3  sad for the ending and stoked for a new beginning! 4th season here i come
I hate my season pass picture 
@anniedafg Yes, Yes, I'm a huge soccer fan!! We have season tickets here....But I'm at work. 
@HVMracing, argh heck, you guys just can't get a break this season, totally gutted for you all 
Season 2 please download faster. 
@MrBritneySpears omg i'm jealous...i was looking for episodes online earlier but found nothing  they made up to 4 seasons i think
@fortheloveofme i LOVE bones !!!!! I've missed so much of season 4... or is it 3 due to yoga 
... the new opening for season 4 of desperate housewives displeases me 
why did the ugly betty season finale have to end this way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    sad face
one more disc of criminal minds, season 3 what am i going to do when i finish that ? 
@smudge372 did you see my garden this morning?! Looks like monsoon season   http://yfrog.com/5crp7j
@Huddyfansworld  I hope he shaves it off soon! I've never been a fan of beards haha, I can't wait for season 6 though! 
urgh its hayfever season. great 
i feel sad because i am craving 90210 but the season if finished 
i feel sad because i am craving 90210 but the season is finished 
i love chris, why he had to die?  miss the old season of skins...
@queenbkelly Especially since the football season is over too 
just watched the season finale of pushing daisies, I might have to read the comics to know how it ended 
@aaronmmarks too bad it only went on for one season. 
@CarinaBee aww you will be gone for the finale 
@pappe_it_is really boring during the weekends. No south park.  btw which season is this one, the one on vh1 as of now?
nba finals doesnt make any sense now..the season was over 3 weeks ago 
The new season of brooke knows best is so sad 
@greythornberry Season 2 doesn't get any better, sadly... 
@esntials boooo!.... magic has to make the season last longer! 
@KeiraNY could be a long season for both of us. 
@SimplyBrookiE no, they are just airing season 7. 
wedding season is starting... bleh!  
so bummed i misssed @trueblood tonite's season premiere. maybe 2morrow 
@ak618 no  it's the 1 game in the homestand I'm missing! I'm helping out at a summer camp this week
@sumee1 i feel bad for missing the past couple of seasons. i'll watch it now and again, but i always feel lost and disconnected. . 
its rainy season in tokyo  makes me wanna just roll in bed..
is really cant wait for trueblood season 2.. note for him:dont go changing  
everybody is watching true blood , i don't have that channel where they show that show  I watched the first season!
Saddens me that this is the last season 
@Alegrya I was tempted to watch the end of season 1 on the weekend but I seem to have deleted it 
The rainny season's here again in sweet T&amp;T.........it's really wet today 
another rainy day...just saw the season finale of the amazing race, a bit boring  watched 24 episode, briliant as always!
fire season started  ymhtos is already on fire now 
fire season started....ymitos is on fire now 
This is terrible - I have lost my season ticket - have to go for an interview before they will replace 
@comigirl  hope you feel better... maybe by next season ;)
is off to work  too bad i don't have a career that i actually like...
Missing basketball season already... 
@velvetsun i'm hooked too  still getting through season one.
@tommylee @rainypixels @amyrc just confirmed with allergist this is the worst allergy season they've seen in a long time 
@rutty_uk asparagus is so awesome but my local farm shop said I was too late for the season last weekend 
I just realized, i missed the season premier pf true blood 
there was like 50 categories  and no supernatural on the show list, are they kidding me? they are gearing up for season 5
one more hr till i get off.... damn i cant believe basketball season is over already.... 
way bumbed that the hills season is over and lauern is not gonna be on next season  i love that show
Almost done with all the futurama episodes.  now I have to wait for the brilliant new season in 2010
@greekshow I won't be able to watch tonight's episode  &amp; I was wondering if there is another time that the season finale will air again?
season finale of greek 
@greekshow season finale rightttt now  / (:
is sad i am missing the greek season finale because my satelite isn't working 
GREEEEEEEEEEK!!!!! I hate season finales 
I really wish I had abc family so I could be watching the season finale of greek right now 
@brianspaeth I love basketball.. now have to figure out what the heck to do until next season 
@taralaylove ah. i cant either. i missed like all of last season when i moved. 
@LMSStars i know, i hate it  and this last season was pretty bad at times. i miss season two soooo much!
unfortunatley, it is not hockey season yet 
Season is officially over  go online to keep me occupied...i'm talking to you...yes, you.
@crackpotjack it's only june plus i'm a browns fan so i have no expectation for this season. i say 6 - 10 for my brownies. 
@cinebo oh yay you watched roswell!! that show had some of the best cast &amp; characters, srsly. was not satisfied with 3 seasons 
When I moved here I was coming off of playing baseball for my college and was 192 pounds that season, now im 172  lol
There's a new season of runs house? I thought it was just a re-run so I didn't watch it. 
@benjoholic yeah. i think it's more because of the rainy season. i hate rainy days. 
Why ?! The storms season has started  I dont like the ray (mommy here I come xD)
@musicianbrendan i've seen season 5 because i downloaded it and it's on tv atm, but i'm a late bloomer when it comes to season 4  haha
@Nwairah I have yet to watch season 3's finale [waggaft 3al finale lol] w obviously kil season 4  3ad I love that show! must catch up soon
one more episode left before the season ends. 
@klhotzky not yet. We just finished watching the third season. We're trying to catch up. AND we don't get showtime.. 
im mad i missed the 1st episode of the new season of true blood. 
@buongiornodaisy You and me both.   This season is going to be so emotional for me...
@TiaMowry n bet r shopping 4 the show for it's fourth season...r they really shopping or is it hog wash??  i miss melanie n derwin
I need to go home and sleep.  And no more basketball to watch, season doneeeee 
trying to find roswell seasons 2 and 3 online 
Daym as much as I hate kobe bryant, B-ball season is over. 
@RatedPG08 its the finale too 
Just watched the final eps of season 8 of scrubs got all upset at the end 
My yankee stadium last season key chain fell off and is gone  
a draw against serbia... useless!  back to chuck season 1
well at least i thought we were ..  something else is on this channel when said open season!
Purdue ranked #6 for this fall's basketball season -- but they are still behind the Spartans http://tinyurl.com/kjwws7 via @PurdueBball)
@bernadetteolsen haha i don't know why the season was so short 
awake and needing a shower...  missing hockey season 
@RespectMileyC season 4 is supposedly going to be the last season which will finish in 2010 
@karliehustle watching season 1 of true blood with ... http://twitpic.com/7lisj sorry its not lite 
I think I'm on episode 9 of Season 3.  and none of these links are working 
As far as sports go,life sucks when basketball season is over &amp; football season seems so far away 
@ShortChica213 One episode!?  Why only one when he's so prominent in season 2?
@dani1772 They just couldn't raise the funds to do the season...makes me very sad 
@yoonhoum It was a new ep, the season finale. It was good, but dunno why I bothered watching it, since it's not coming back next season 
@ekwOnn I wanna watch heroes season 2!!!! 
rainy season makes me sleepy. but i luv rainy season. i also luv rainie yang. see it's making me crazy now. 
spent the afternoon watching skins season 3..awesome! must now do more study 
Only one more disc to go and I'm done with season 2 arrested development. It's going too fast 
just saw an ad for rush *tear* I cried so much last season 
@heidihicampers   I am willing to change my career to be one - just don't think I would be too good!
@TheAndyHicks Dude. I've had front row season seats there since I was 13  One less family outing to enjoy. /pout.
missing track season.... 
@kensutz I didn't buy last season's Evertob shirt as it was almost identical to the previous seasons. Next years, however.... Uuhhhh.... 
@toodamnninja mine too  this is why winter is my favorite season (plus the excuse to break out my berets)
@mensdrea It's not the same anymore without you   I haven't seen the recent season either.
I will be trapped in the house again, rainy season once again 
so sad season finale of big bng theroy tomoro 
@nicolereber i hope i'm not the only one who's sad about the season being over  hahahahahaha so excited for the reunion next week
This is the Mets' 63rd game of the season... That means, including this game, there are 100 left in the season. 
It's hard to be impressed with sytycd after last season blew me away 
holy fuck, i need to catch up on greek. i missed this entire season 
the rainy season has started 
@winneviola true that! i never know what to do during the off season 
#&amp;%^@ it's june bug season again.  
I am 2 - 3 this season  #dodgers
Just finished season 3 of weeds 
@wendykbaby i think crawfish is out of season  i'm craving some big juicy osyters from razzoos though!
@dizzyfeet I feel for you having to make the decision...they are all so good in different ways this season... hate to see any of them go. 
@madehoney i didn't watch like 2 episodes of last season, thought the book would have me covered, but it didn't 
going to watch disk 3 of the shields last season 
totally missed big bang theory finale 
watchin monday nights greek.  i think its the season finale 
@cNicRun target last season. 
Last training of soccer of the season gonna miss this team, thank you girls....new session new team next year...saturday match cancelled 
the only bad thing is that.... chase is not in this season 
Just got my first mosquito bite of the season 
...and its the finale too 
@sensecoalition Are you watching the new season? I did not like the first ep 
started season 2 of the wire. i miss season 1 
i miss last season  sytycd
Ugh the last disc of dexter season one is checked out. 
@hobosexual lol, yes! But season two I just felt sorry for him. 
i is back nowwwwww. it only took me.. not even 3 days to watch all of season 1 of heroes 
what do i do now that basketball season's over... no more @lakers everywhere i turn.. makes me sad... 
@DBACKSpeeps hearing rumors that webby will be out for the season.... 
@thirdhandworks send some my way? I think we're out of fresh strawberries (as in, for the season) 
@degrassinsider is there newhere I can full episodes from season 4,5&amp;6? There are sum on the-n website, but not the ones I am looking for 
know i'm a bit late on this, but: the season final of heroes was... ridiculous 
just got done praying for pheonix suns to have a good season this year havent had a playoffs run in a while 
Looking for tix for: The entire season 
I'm missing football already! When does the season start again?! 
@luvtheheaven I know... to me the point of the finale, the finale that made me cry for an hour, is officially lost.  I won't be watching.
@lexia and I used be a complete addict ... but the last season or two has just started getting very weak 
is hoping manchester united do well next season now ronaldo has left 
found the 2nd season of heroes in K-mart for $33 yesterday and wasn't allowed to get it 
nadal is out of wimbledon  such a badddd sport season for me...
@x_Untouched I haven't watched it this season yet...and I probably won't.  It just makes me so sad especially for the kids. 
@jrfan8 what season am i watching? how many were there? i guess he doesn't ever walk again then... 
@1jaredPADALECKI happy to follow u finally! tried to find u several times before with no result!  looking 4ward 2 the next season. xx
@KidsAreHeroes aw  only rains for 30 minutes. its normal rainy season stuff. come on down!
Is really bummed that IT crowd: episode 4 season 2 does not work 
@elissamoss we were watching season 1 but now I'm on a hunt for season 2! I cannot find it anywhere 
i want to watch me some legend of neil season 2, whens it coming out? 
WATCHED FINISHED HEROESIII! walao i cant' wait till next season 
Kings is back!!! Even though its only for the rest of the first season 
i am nervously awaiting the season finale of grey's i REALLY want izzie to live but i'm pretty sure she doesn't 
@hemminac I'm not getting a season ticket, I've finally had it with the money grabbing attitude of the club 
@apppleshampoo ... that season 3 only starts in september 
i'm really disapointed by the preview of the new season of the hills 
@missbim what did you season that food with??? 
even though they aren't having anymore seasons 
when is season four of bones gonna come out on dvd cuz i missed like half the season 
@TheLastDoctor You can say that again! No real season with you in it. Only sparse specials 
What is it with this rainy season?  http://idek.net/Fyx  
Watching the Giants game. I wish I lived in the bay so I could go to the yard more often. Haven't been at all this season. 
@shiviland today i finished the Season 2 of supernatural.. 
the whole season 1 of trueblood is gone off ondemand, except episodes 10-12 
@princess1085200   this season will be very very strange...
Giants get me broke... I think it's time to save for season tickets ;) hehe.... Warriors I love you and all, but you have bad transport. 
@shahbaa @natashacarella  what about mad men season 2??
whatchu mean season 3 of weeds isn't on netflix instant??!!  
Finished season 3 of supernatural  lookin 4ward to season 4 on dvd 
Holy shit season 4 of hannah montana  is the last season  I'll miss u hannah :'(
@PrettyValerie yeah i wish there was a 2nd season   ah well. seen the movie?
says I have my first mosquito bite of the season.    No sympathy from 19yo, who has about 7!  LOL! http://plurk.com/p/12omju
@changibedsheets Season 4 will suck so hard. I don't understand how the writers can ruin such a fun show. I hope some1 rips the ep soon 
@MisterWinter i've seen it all...i loved season 3 i think was one of the best! i can't wait for Season 4 but that will prob be the last 
Going to the movies  am going to miss the start of the new top gear season I'll have to download it 
Trying to stay positive amongst the negative...This season is always the hardest 
@xodedexo18 only has 2 episodes of season 2 tho  I need to find a new place to watch new ones.
need to watch last weeks greys anatomy still, can't believe it's the season finale on thursday! 
@gold_rain i hope the 4th season is good regardless of that though 
@brandyroach28 I know.  So do I. Now it just sucks to watch, and I wish they'd just cancel this season too.
@hatramroany woah, he's totally fair game. i finished season two. i don't know what to do with myself until season three comes out on dvd 
just finished watching season 2 of veronica mars...oh how i loved cassidy 
@toadstar  it's the season!
@youngsinick It's been garbage for a couple seasons now 
I've got nothing to do or say until the footy season starts and i have been to a festival; me mates are going glasto 
Just finished watching the last season of scrubs. I'm sad 
@season_ticket looks like all the in-country experts are being silenced 
I haven't had time to watch the season 2s first episode  but I missed the chance now my dvr is so full it probably erased it 
i miss @emdeee .. &amp; the two coreys' career 
lamely bumming I missed the season premiere of the secret life last night 
but there is never going to be a season 2  #hiddenpalms
@deekwon i just started watching it a few wks ago, going thru season 4 now.. love it! makes me realize how stupid guys sound sometime 
new real world episode. i can not sense where the drama is going to come from, hope it's not a lame season 
@RissaAnnaly I know this should have been my season 
this time of yearr suckss noo sportss onnn i hate the off season 
only 6 more episodes until supernatural finishes season 4 
i don't get it they played series 1, then 3, then 4 and 5 why did e4 totally cut out playin season 2 of one tree hill,  
I am already getting jacked up for football season, and training camps don't even start for another month! 
@heidimontag I think that it's going to be a good season 
I'm glad jelly beans are in season because I have been craving them 
@TheNewsChick u are a true fan (and optimist). i'll take a winning season   #Mariners
@kenjbarnes1 What's funny is, it's been so long, I don't even remember season 6! 
the new afl ad gets me so excited for footy season 
@earlydetection enjoy  I just can't get into it this season, but happy to know that you're getting your groove on.
looking forward to the upcoming #ipl season 
according to the rosters, this hockey season won't be so bad after all  hah.
watching supernatural season 4 dvd marathon!! 
10-1? Marlins you are making me one very happy boy this season 
finished season 2 
@AlbertMaruggi not surprised. But a long season is ahead. Hopefully a fun one. 
I'm happy it's strawberry season! 
watching the 4th season of The O.C. and doing fucking homework 
@surfichris The next season is the final season. 
Oh shoot, i have good news... i finally have a grenn walls studio to shoot my chocolate season intro 
@jonskeeetskeeet nah i've been watching it .. but I started from season 1 a few months ago 
'Mad Men' Season 3 set for summer    http://bit.ly/Khnh
I love rainy season... 
We won netball 2day 4 the 1st time all seasom altho the season has only lasted 3 games so far!!! 
is watching rest of supernatural season 1 
Last football match of the season  but we did the whole spray champagne thing which was cool 
is watching one tree hill season 5.. 
@CaDs that is what they are calling next season... and it will be all remakes of The JEFFERSONS 
On to the season finale of private practice 
@crystalsaysthis lol im still going  i'm on ep 8 of season 1
@luvscharlie The third season is due to start soon. We've completed season 1 and 2. 
if the only games we win this season are the derbies, then it's a good season 
@ZenityHF my other half @aquaspring just said &quot;what! Season 2, we've just started here with 1st season&quot; LOL 
watching some season 3 episodes 
@Lynchao it was so much fun!! we got season passes so we'll be going back a lot 
@EricMillegan zack is coming back for the season finale right??!?! cant wait 
@alexismoney yea they are doing a season 2.  
Feeling good about our win! Its nice being softball champs  bring on the season!
@michelleer well to me it's summer when the cricket season starts actually  and yeah, so do i. but only when they have sparkly wings
just watching ncis complete first season 
watching my new season eleven dvd 
greek season two, i love this show. 
Finished dexter season2    start on season 3 next week?
can't wait to watch the next season of heroes 
working on the climb season 2 episode 5!! 
@bethharperwalsh @TaiLi22 @thesolutions @hippiekat from g's to gents season 1 
@faultlines Yes, yes! Season 1 or 2, I think? 
@kaylexx 3 days?? damn.. i did that with the first season of heroes 
season 3 has just started 
bbt season finale.. it was, unexpectedly not L/P (well.. almost entirely not L/P) so yeah... long waiting until s03! Oyasumi everyone 
Last day in the badminton season :/ - I'm baking dreamcake 
@Fantikerz Mhm, don't forget about the prison break season finale 
will watch the season finale of lost tonight!!! 
watched season finale of bones over 5 times now......loved it 
I ? Season 8 but Season 7 is still the best for me!! 
@IDANCE21 besides tour season is upon us and i cant be attached. ick 
@kjscreations nope, no jam. this is fresh strawbery in season. I won't ruin it by turning into jam. *cry* I want my strawberries. 
finally going to get my 4th season of lost back again  well...a new set at least
grey's anatomy season 5 finale is awesome! what a great show, i'm thankful i didn't gave up on this! 
@axiorama Grats, then all we need are the 'Lost' seasons and we're good to go. 
Working 12-8:30..stop by and get your season pass! 
watching charmed - muse to my ears  season 4 XD
@MattCherry well I love the show&amp;pray it returns! I need to make my debut next season 
@NathanFillion Eveentually it will sink in and you'll get used to having a second season. 
Congratulations on getting a second season! You deserve it  @ElizaPatricia
is so excited to be headed to the river to go rafting for the first time this season!! I heart rafting! 
@karendee have a blast at the finale. 
@BrianPuspos do itt! season 9 is the best though 
@MGiraudOfficial I hope you guys do great on the finale! 
@Eggface crazy ending... season finale of grey's always tortures me, can't wait to see what happens! almost the only show I follow! 
congratulations! I can' wait for season 2! 
@NathanFillion congrats! can't wait for season 2! 
Ripping some classic Simpsons episodes (season 2) 
@metaglyph   he usually is.. what season is it
@wodieskodie welcome to rainy season 
i hate season finales. they are so mean! goodnight 
@shestaylautners iyaaa, daripd sama taylormomsen in the first season. I hate her,shes so bitchyy. tp di season 2 she has cute haircut 
I am on the last episode on season 1 law &amp; order svu.  gonna download season 2......
@the_roar nevermind. I'm sure we nick a few of your players during the close season as revenge 
@emargee well I'm betting he shows up in 90210 if that gets a 2nd season  For a no talent hack hes got a good life!
@alialials first season confused me so haven't watched anymore 
Is pretty happy right now cause the 24 season finale leaked a day early 
re watching american idol season 7 finale. i can't wait to watch kris allen vs adam lambert.. 
@monicafrancesca I thought it was a really awesome season-ender.  Makes you also wonder who ends up with whom? 
@simplyu yeP!  watch it!  it's a back to back season ender  e eps
@simplyu yeP!  watch it!  it's a back to back season ender  2 eps
@fadzhm56 awesomeee!  my sis tu wahh.. she asked me something about the season finale. HMPH.
@TessieCash am now all caught up with 'ashes to ashes' season 2 
Looks like the beginning of baseball season for us Bostonians 
Always gutted after the season finale of lost when you are left on a cliffhanger for like a year!!All the same it was such a good ending 
@jacielpang which season are u watching! 
It feels like football season outside 
just won a season pass to lagoon 
@miraclelaurie congratulations on dollhouse season 2  i can't wait 
@Dichenlachman congratulations on season 2 of dollhouse  can't wait 
is excited about our first caterpillars of the season!  
@SwinCash was at the game tonight from knoxville, tn i hope i am able to get my photo with you saturday   good luck this season
@sheridann season 2.  but theres bits from season1 in that video.
@_yavanna seen the tube clip but call me old fashioned don't want to be spoiled sooo excited for the season finale 
caaaan't sleep, so dante and I are watching season 1 of true blood. 
strawberry season is here.... all these wonderful strawberryfields all around....we are lucky down here 
@MelanieFresh27 i'm up to episode 17 of season 2....don't give away the ending! 
@tomwellingfans oh i thought it would the last season already..thanks for the info ..appreciated it 
@scolemanphoto like the horseshoe crab in it's proper season, to shed it's shell. 
@FrankPatris dude have you season 5? i finished 16 eoisodes of season 4 na 
just finished up true blood season 1. yay now i can go read all the fanfiction i want 
@metgirl4ever Not make light of your troubles, sweetie, but if season carries on as is I shall need to see therapist too!  
@FluffyFanoona btw - i watched the season finale of 90210. and it was amazing. 
@andrewseely thats so true! food network is cook'n for every season. 
cant wait for hour long season finale of the hills  goodnight.
@vladtep u know, tastes differ  the last seasons are not as the first, though. however, I'd like to know how it ends ;)
@mileycyrus maybe u should give up ur career  ever considered not being famous
@rajskub good luck on season 8! 
just finished the whole season of trueblood. ooooh snap! 
@PHXAZHomeLoans nope, just decided that the summer season was informal enough to do it.  It is a handicap league after all. 
downloading the rest of season one of skins (+ other seasons tomorrow). i'm going to try to have an open mind &amp; watch it over the summer. 
Still watching prison break  season dos
Swimsuit season! I'm really into glam one-pieces this season  pool partayy! http://twitpic.com/66329
The pilot episode is just like the first season in 1 episode fun 
@Ivryblak i never been, but i plan on living there once my career takes off 
@immior im 3/4 through season 6 
@xercyn looking fwd to season two! 
rainy season is now here! get your umbrellas, and be ready! 
5 more episodes to go and I'm done with season 2 
