Most common words for this cluster:
[('shit', 554), ('crap', 357), ('fuck', 19), ('lol', 17), ('bullshit', 13), ('haha', 11), ('amp', 11), ('com', 10), ('hell', 9), ('outta', 9), ('http', 9), ('piece', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'shit', 0.9573880434036255), (u'crap', 0.9366609454154968), (u'sh_*_t', 0.8644362092018127), (u'fucking', 0.795506477355957), (u'sh_t', 0.7856701016426086), (u'sh_**', 0.7737041711807251), (u'bullshit', 0.7555671334266663), (u'fuck', 0.7539370059967041), (u'fuckin', 0.7488371729850769), (u'shyt', 0.7393252849578857)]





I feel like a complete idiot. I'm the only one who doesn't get how this shit works  help me 
has a huuuge headache! omg I feel like crap! 
doing make up shit 
@cannibaleyes I as bowling and the shit ripped 
@babyporridge I didn't get your 'Twitter is crap' reply 
@zackdft but i like reading the bullshit! 
now I'm kind of sad after all the bullshit I found out 
@billbeckett Did you know tai means shit in indonesian. 
wow i feel like crap 
@johnpaulfletch I know!! Weathers supposed to be crap though 
http://twitpic.com/2y9xm - this shit ball didn't come down 
off to do the wash, then home to nap, slept for crap, feel like shit 
@HeatherShea sorry to hear that.   it will be um unsore and shit soon...or stuff.
@TotalCyclist I got shit loads of allergies 
crap i accidently messed up............  mitchel musso probably hates me now
i feel slow  i dnt understand this shit 
@daverandaII  I know I'm a loser, I really feel like crap. how's it going?
I feel like crap 
just picked up my puppy's crap  i am so annoyed. he poops then pee!
Is fed up being on her own..............must be more to life than this shite  
felling like complete shit    &amp; i still need to write my paper
I feel like an asolute pile of shit 
i feel like an absolute pile of shit 
@LynettePedro i need to try that shit...stacey has now officially made me feel like a cow 
working is crap. 
@Alexnessie Ahh shit dude, that sucks. 
going to grab some pseudo food, then attempt to get this wordpress shit done. 
@kaythepenguin LOL i know what you meant. btw random people follow you... it's a bummer when you realize that they're only selling crap. 
Still feeling like crap... 
I finally got some medicine...still feel like crap though 
I feel like crap. 
shit. I feel sick. 
@theres1bad I'm sober as shit right now 
In bed feeling like crap after staying up to watch the ufc!! need more sleep!! Badly! 
@sebby_peek i do, i'm sorry, i was just agitated and shit  if you want me there i'll be there, and i wont try &amp; fight with you anymore 
actually feels like shit 
www.isitsaturday.net         Awwww shit....  
still feeling like shit 
shit! twittering is addictive.. 
@NitaCashmere im bored outta my mind to and aint shit on tv or nothing to do 
sitting here, doin nothin... shit it's damn hard to stand sitting lonely... 
Ugh, running so late. I look like crap, and basically just threw on anything, I hate monday morningssss 
i give up. my brain just does not want to know this shit. 
shit!!.........i missed it...damn!! 
@whoremydior lmao I was just playing! I don't fuck w/ milk like that either shit gives me gas 
is wondering if she's doing this twitter shit right. Its nerve wrecking 
@tamzyn that's shit! 
in a shit lesson 
@sontortillas Why do you feel like shit? 
@EricsTXGal  @jennygirl7 Aw, crap! I'm sorry, gals, but I can't. Have to relinquish the computer soon.  I'll do what I can for now!
my tummy hurts, i think i ate too much  someone should come make me feel better  cuz i dont like feeling like crap... its not cool:-P
In bed can't sleep for shit 
All this slow shit that @theres1bad is playing is making me wanna go to sleep...grrrrr, now I'm bored 
Just got up. I feel like crap 
i don't twitter that much..  i'm just so busy... and i hate it 'coz i'm suppose to be chillaxing the shit out...
feeling a little better , not 100% . i hate feeling like crap 
@covergurlnae it sucks cuz I called them for the same shit when I changed my phone n they couldn't do anything 
i played like crap 
shit! forgot about britains got talent...! 
Cops are scarey as shit 
@caitiejayne yeh i can do that i guess...well foot is bad in pain  its shit
@BonnieBix crapping crap! missed it 
@owlsaregreat if only stirling wasnt crap and somewhere was open! 
Redoks, titrasi, hidrolisis, elektrolisis, piece of shit!!! 
bored as shit 
just woke up again. i HAVE to do some shit today or i will prolly hear the same shit i heard yesterdayy. i guess i better go clean house. 
crap. wanted to leave early. but dean said he wants me to leave at 9 30pm crap. 
@JackAllTimeLow oh crap   r guitar throws ever planned lol?
is yawning already.....ahhhh crap.  http://plurk.com/p/rmz5e
I hate all of this crap that I have to do 
it was all hiphop bullshit, and I felt like a poor cow 
Oh crap. #Hoppusday is over 
wondering wtf is up wit my bberry..my shit aint here yet 
@reereephillips i wasn't baking shit..now i hurt like #$W@!^% 
@Katherineie  probably! we can just move seats if they're crap!
Oh shit my dog is really sick I have to go to the e-vet and I can't afford this oh shit oh shit. 
Feels like shit... 
The worst earthquake I've ever felt  shit I got scared.
@chromasia crap dave  hope it's on the way out (no pun intended)
Still feeling like crap 
dang i feel like crap hope i dont have the hamthrax 
I love laying in bed and feeling like shit 
@ninjen ohhh crap on a stick with butter... I forgot #followfriday too  I was sick... clearly not the best excuse!
my dad is irratating the crap outta me//i wana talk to kerry 
@GeezusHaberdash &quot;never ever&quot; and she sounded terrible , and I'm not even hating but that shit was pure garbage ....she needs more talent 
@moodaisy1978 holy shit, we totally jinxed that. friggin lame! 
@SGisler i need that shit now  will drink whiskey instead ;)
i feel like crap.. getting a cold i think. 
pissed at making IT&gt; crap 
@natalieannem paranoid = shit 
bf says what I have written so far is not total crap.well,that's something,right?only that he doesn't know much about academic standards 
@acidjack23 ahh crap.  
Shooooooooot! i just broke my laptop! nooooo! i am soooo dead! crap! no! ahh! ugh. 
@SammyLou3 awww i love fearne  and i can't listen, michael is insisting on shit music 
looks like bytemark is down; crap 
@hunterbtm ehhh under what? i don't know how to use this shit 
I still feel like crap. 
feeling ratherr crap and tirudd tbh   x
well cursebird hates me...what a load of shit (maybe that'll work...) fuck it im going to bed...at last! want to be on cursebird though 
@nyet_iet ah shit you not  ...c-coughing? are you alright pffftt
omg i never really cared for torrent stuff, but now i wish i could use those shit 
@crystalnilsson That scared the shit outta me too  What happened to her?
crap. it seems countdown consumed my batt 
back @ work, but still feeling crap 
shit i want them wayfarers so damn badly. 
@stuntazian The damn fiber bars tasted like shit 
Why the crap are my photobucket slideshows not loading?? 
What am I doing?  I'm not doing shit.  
@maryraquel naww shit gurl that sucks  i'm sorry
@craigyd bugger, forgot about that, won't be going, next week. Gods I feel crap 
Shit, fuck, fuck, shit, motherfucker!!! 
Mannn I don't know how to do this shit, I thought that's what I did! 
Sometimes, in small fandoms, you are forced to read crap. 
spock is the shit.. I love startrek 
Oh shit fopo shut us down 
@inournuclearage Did you listen to that shit?!? How can I compete with that. 
@ryanwaynefarro first heard em at prambors, bought their cd &amp;people was like 'whoa is that shit?' now they're all diggin them  -- 1992
I didn't sleep worth a crap! 
@purposefailed ah shit.forgot i no longer own a stadium 
besttt night everrr. i feel like shit and i have a big bruise?! 
I feel like shit.  terribleterribleterrible.
@Nicoolle  it's shit, isn't it?
@katiecola It's shit 
this shit just is pissin me of I have been depressed from to long...  when is it going to go away!
shit, i'm lonely  blaaah
@sixx_cc shit. 
 #3turnoffwords this shit sucks
lost his wallet  that's shit
smfh istill cant qet over disz shit!  http://tinyurl.com/p6mlak
Is feeling crap I hate flu 
feeellss like shit 
Oh look i'm up now. . . yay ugh i slept like crap sigh  [i'm not real]
What a crap nights sleep I was so restless 
i misss him   i feel so crap.
Oh shit!  I didn't finish my project  shoes are very distracting
well dang u aint callin me   im so through with all this crap.
Just pulled an all-nighter and I feel like crap!! 
is feeling like crap 
crap. my jaw is hurting like crazy 
@MissKatiePrice more shit in the papers today, they love stirring the shit don't they?! 
@sueannesjewelry  I'm actaully going to head off and get some crap done....   I'll still be around ....kinda.... LOL!
just gobbled down a shit load of pizza slices and she feels like crap 
Lightning scared the shit out of me. I was sound sleeping and the shit went off in like my driveway! UGHHH 
@dollface13 you still feel like crap! I just throw up! 
what a crap! episode 6 missing 
is really mad because idk what to do with all my shit will they take it and keep it!  they better not.
I feel like shit..... 
I've just realised how crap belfast is for teenagers 
shit never really responded to the half 8 alarm 
@ashleighbabe haha. I had a shower before and I still feel like crap 
damn it. i just tuned into simpson now.. shit 
Feeling like a big piece of shit..   
i feel like shit:| 
i hate doing this fucking art!! it looks shit! i just want to go back to bed  dont want to go out tonight!
just woke up and feeling like crap.  
shit I ahev tp go to school  I hate that I never remember this shit
@msmack9871 that's why this is such an apocalypse. i feel like crap and i am behind now 
i have to get my shit together! this is not working. 
feelin like shit 
natural redheads scare the crap out of me. I feel elliots pain. 
is very tired of all the bs going on... 
@JohnChow they r all crap  like the one u have now much better.
bed is keeping me much warmer but i'm still feeling like shit 
that shit still doesn't work  im going to bed
@jessgirl I still feel like crap. The fever is alive and well. 
@LadyOfDnB dude some of that shit is just straight out fucked up, why would they pick on u tho? 
@MistaFuture I know  He said he'd send it before 5, then before 7, &amp; then he didn't even call me. I need to get shit for my bbq!!
@SparkDawgMusic im doing that shit right now ... im on vacation and you got me workin 
Oh shit!  I forgot to eat! Grumble grumble. 
@BLEXXED shit i got a shit of hw to do 2nite 
is really wishing you would just let me go and let me fight this on my own...i'm tired of feeling like shit because of you!!! 
@AsiaRain22 @ the expensive of their workers welfare  other than that they are the shit !
i feel like shit 
@t0ns:  nou moe... stomme banken/crisis shit :S
 shit's depressing
going out  I can't do this crap anymore :'(
to start shit or leave shit alone...tough decision 
Dreambears were crap compared to their wicked audition 
I took my antibiotics and I still feel like crap 
i feel like crap 
is tired if ppl shit talking 
Oh god, I feel like shit. 
@ZachyHxC54 haha it scared the shit out of me. 
@enithhernandez I apologize for the trollcat crap. I misunderstood the concept 
shit....game starts in 30 min!! 
@yflmd holy shit balls thats awesome but i cant go 
@escentz Holy shit, I'm scared of needles.. 
@twitoria did you make one?! follow me! btw, aim is being crap and not coming up  that's why i didn't come on yesterday
i hate not being near zerk. fuck. i hate this shit. i wish i had someone to talk too about this. i'm so confuzzed. and so lonely. 
tootsies  ..... summer n i were about 2 run that shit
@phersure pw loves ich. it's totally proven facts right now. he always posts this shit when i need to go to bed early 
crap. it's raining hard! maybe i'll just stay in! 
shit, still having colds 
I miss my one and only bff tessalalaa shes the shit 
@_eLIZabethx not quite that's a bs pic I'm not even drunk  lol just sleepy
I feel like shit. 
shit happens... but just never expected it to be that bad.... 
@andydick awwwwwwwwwwwwwww shit! i missed it  boo.
@angelashushan That's crap  It'll fail!
FAIL! @jamiemcflyx: @angelashushan That's crap  It'll fail!
@lilibaby I need some of that shit 
@wensdheydelarj crap, your worse off than me 
crap! I bought the wrong one! 
Sickkkk  feel like shit
@Lealala I cant be arsed tbh, it's a load of crap and boringg 
what is this shit? 
@primaryposition yeah load of crap. Never finished it 
Being bored as crap!  lol
lalalalala cleaning out crap toi give away -achoo- i keep sneezing from the dust 
was in bed til midday feeling crap and is now not remotely tired 
I feel like shit dudeee. 
I feel like shit again wtf 
crap, i need another valance 
I could never get back into competitive gaming, that shit infuriates me, I must be old now 
god i don't know what to do anymore i really don't want her to do that....i know she's going through a lot of shit but its not worth it 
ahh crap. i dont think my dads going to take me. 
 this shouldn't have happened ... crap...
I feel like shit 
Still not feeling that shit hot either 
ugg i feel sick as crap 
Is feeling like crap and doesn't know why 
Not really enjoying the generic bullshit at the @athlete gig - some shit support act is playing.  the guy can't sing!
Theyv gone back to old crap, 
Holy shit I think I have sunburn  And my back fucking hurts like hell, shit
@alisonhogarth it was only 3 quotes, they dont mean shit unless i write the other half of the essay 
@BrandyandIce Watching crap tv 
@nileylovestory but i dnt want to bitch about her. its just we sudn't have 2 treat nick like crap for @justingaston 
Feeling like shit 
@ebassman  Oooohhhhh - wow...shit.  did u really justsay that?  Feelings hurt....again 
crap. 10 pt lead. 
Feels like shit 
- dont kno why i still feel like crap 
:/ clevland lost andis done... Penguins lost  crap! shitty dayfor sports for me! im tired as hell!
I feel like total crap 
I always fuck shit up 
uhhhhhhh updating my ipod at zachs since my comp shit the bed what the fuck! 
@leonnea crap. I just saw the chair. I would have totally gone for it. 
I'm hella maad right now.. smh blacK ppl don't kno how 2 act shit got shut down 
@yungcoke same ;; aint got shit to do 
This shit sucks. 
i miss my @xTR_ASHx .. she'd never bring me to some lame as shit club 
@HeYSiD I believe it...you guys confuse the crap out of me 
@TachaV I'm bored as shit and hungry as hell 
i know we need haters but the M*therfuck@s around me are taking shit to far  
@HaleyGrrrl Lol aw I wish I could!!  I feel like I've put on weight, more of a fat shit than ever. :'(
fml. this is why i deserve the crap i'm dealt. anything good i'm given i inevitably destroy. 
over the science crap its crap and i hate it 
I'm craving for shit 
i feel like shit 
i feeeeeeeeel like complete shit 
I kinda still feel like shit... even though this should be fixed. 
trying to work out how to use this shit aye 
Oh shit 
I can't believe this.  shit. Finals without nadal is hell.  fuuuuucccck. 
@TCPhotodesign_ I have to say that is rather classic shit right there! lol. sorry u got hit though that does suck! 
@carlos_lll it's camerons flame retardant suit. I don't know how he's escaped some of this crap sticking to him 
i feel like shit!!!!!! 
@saaam_ awwww crap  i needddd to see twilight clip lol
crap forgot to audition to @daniactive 's fic 
shit.. looks like 130$ down the drain 
@beilaq_sodmq aww shit  that sucks ! you can always order it online .
I'm going back to bed  I feel like crap.
@racheliza crap i missed taylor swift 
i can't take this shit anymore. 
@DjMrillmatic sigh* twiGGas aint shit thats all 
@YoungQ no kidding venting on here is crap and trying to say anything is crap! i dont know now if i will be at the toronto show   got tix
awww crap. have to report at 830 
@mrgrtbarr I hope you feel better... I feel like crap as well.  
@_squeekss haha i knowww..this dude is freaking me out.! like i dont think you understanddd! fuckin scary shit. creeeperr !  
eminem sing your old shit 
@bzimms omg shit i forgot to do it 
I so don't want to go wading in kitty shit...  
aww crap, I missed the live action aqua teen. i'll have to watch it online later 
Aww crap its a repeat 
Feeling like crap but still going 
i feel like shit 
if you look like shit and feel like shit does that mean you are shit? 
@ratfink88 ah crap. 
@wasted_rose you lucky shit! haha I'm going to college 
I'm so confused, what the shit... 
dammit it's not fucking working! shit you! 
shit i just cut myself!! stupid papers!! 
why am i always sick or not feeling well?? I feel like crap right now 
Why the hell do I even bother? I try to be nice. I care about people I don't even know and then they treat me like crap. What the hell? 
Going to take my final, shit I'm nervous... be back soon 
Ugh I feel like crap 
@DavidEBest @solipsistic crap thats bad news  well ive been thinking of canceling emusic and moving to amiee street anyway
i feel like crap and i am wayyyyyyy too hott 
Teaching in a few. i feel like crap  
fuck me desmaye en pleno m83 concert ..crap se me bajo al precion  i know suckkkkkkkkkkk
i feel like crap, damn it 
crap on a crutch.  We still have ants. 
crap! i need a new pc 
Doing  homework   fuck this shit
fuckin' shit!  i have to find a roommate now.  
@dashyte on some healthy shit ....havent had pizza in a while how sad 
@baileyyboox no  i feel like crap because we always fought and now your leaving i know you'll be down the street but it won't be the same
 i feel like shit
@minxsy and you couldn't even do that shit right 
@labellavitaaa ikr? what is this crazy shit. 
i feel like shit right now 
@mikecalvo oh crap that bag I suggested.  sorry dude 
I feel like crap 
Oh crap, I think I'm sick. 
josh just made me feel like shit 
spicy dragon is soo good, but makes me feel like crap after 
eating crap sushi without danelle 
My mid term was hard as shit. I'm sure I passed it, but dam I don't think I got an A. 
I feel like crap.... 
@cheyyFREAK now? i feel like shit 
I feel like crap 
@Msveronica crap i kicked you in the waiting room, sry 
I feel like crap  what was i thinkin? Wow i am dumb.
--@auchboogie i guess... i hope my shit grow back.  i'll never take it for granted again.
boreeedd  rainss shit no spoort 
So muchhh shit to do. Ahh, I don't wannna do it 
@xductyx twit pic that shit! I wish I was there 
I feel like shit 
i feel like crap 
@JacJac2: that's the most annoying thing. I know my shit but I always get really nervous and shit in prac exams 
studyin for english and other crap....... playing cs ahahhaha and cravinnnnng for a smoke but got 3 left 
This shit is hard to use 
i am bored as shit! i wish i was going to atl 
[-O] i am bored as shit! i wish i was going to atl  http://tinyurl.com/l72uoo
still sick fuck this shit 
I really really need to get away from all this sort of shit 
I didn't sleep at all and I feel like shit. 
@webholics same shit here... 
@webholics same shit here...  #hosteurope
Not going to school, cuz i feel like shit. 
@KTDP It is crap 
@TanayaBlaze @JessicaMelon everythings alright, just the regular bullshit 
Oh crap dunnamway 
i feel like crap 
@dawezome crap! i meant capital..the mexican in me took over 
@khali_blache ...shit.  
i need to get back on my job shit soon! fuck i need to get signed 
@buzzranger1 crap never mind...lol I was excited too 
i feel like crap 
Aww  i'm at retarded leadership shit
i can't believe i cut off my bangs.this is me trying not to give a shit 
It's sad if you ask me.  I'd rather eat shit and die than ever be financially dependent on anyone 
@RaiNuH crap! I have a laptop too!  I wonder if it'll run like pooh or not!?!
@mlexiehayden Don't laugh! I was lookin for crap and could never find it  lol
Up eating like the fat shit I am 
i feel like crap 
and I bought 4 litres of this crap...it's really bad! 
A gecko just scared the crap out of me. 
Ah crap. I'm all out of contact lenses 
feeling like shit 
@Vikingfist that's really shit 
doing maths hw   bloody polygons and shit
@SusiM the copy i got is crap quality  i don't know whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
@Shanelad useless useless shit bags! 
and this whore keeps talking shit about me...and I can't do nothing cuz im a GAZZILION miles away 
shit  #origin #stateoforigin
@greatswifty but  i want to watch now  @jasonmumbles have to wait then. want to take ryan. @hinching crap indeed!
fuck this shit. omfq i h8 school  so much. :'''( i h8 morninqs. 
 I feel like crap. 
@BSmoutie ah shit i forgot about that 
i feel like crap 
Ugh i feel like shit 
crap, that's tall 
has had enough of all the crap and wants to go hooooooooooome 
@twitmeitsE ooo noooo =( they not gona pullem out  I heard that shit is painfull as hell  ...
Pissed.! I hate this shit. I want this all too be over.    _.LEXX&amp;CHRiS._
crap, this eazy-e album is chopped and screwed and lame. 
I feel like shit right now. I can't do anything with my anger and It's making it worse. 
so sick of this shit, lifes not meant to be easy but not this fucking hard 
whos into that bondage shit  yikesssss
sooo bored :/ crap 
just updated my livejournal, still feels like shit, how? 
Oh crap twiblets, my drive may have just had a critical error 
@speedyconkiwi crap... I shoulda said that in german. 
ok dad's computer was crap, back on mine, damn everything 
i am such a crap singer 
crap my keyboard  was set to chinese 
shouldn't have to deal with this stupid shit 
i hate doing pointless shit on the internet instead of sleeping! 
@darkmindedsith aw shit, sorry man. crap 
@sexylatinaqueen shit just happen  wat can we do
Feeling like crap....again  I never win....
@nshanemartin its the forced muzak shit i have to deal with 
uhhhh good morning. I feel like crap 
@mdavidkelly We're giving her peroxide to try and make her throw up. She eats enough crap that she might just pass it but ribbon's bad 
I wish I knew how to work my radio  all I can do is play c.d's on that hunk of shit.
@wowiee I know, I hate when that shit happens to me 
Unspeakably sad that this shit is really happening. 
shit shit shit still finding a solution  i'm doomed
I. feel. like. crap. 
@loveyy I would loooove that if you weren't so far away  craniums my shit.
feels like shit, had a shit morning and will probable have a shit day now 
crap! how did i miss whale wars again?! this always seems to happen. 
I feel like shit right now 
So I was doing my hair and I burnt the shit out of my finger it seriously burnt for about 3 hours that shit sucks ballz!  
Scarface is the shit to bad its over  he went out like a G  as most dudes would say :/
@turbinedivinity just shit. 
My shit is a mess. 
@NaniWaialeale: I got 2 of the brittney vid crap  blocked both
i feel like shit 
http://twitpic.com/6qchu - these r made by kelloggs now and taste like crap! 
as much as I enjoy sleeping for three hours and waking up feeling like crap, I really want to go back to sleep goddamnit 
Seriously? I'm not going through this crap again. 
shit shit shit I accidently used $5000 on a jukebox in rc. o well nevermind i'll use it in the future 
@xoxoHelenHilton I hope so. I just wrote a whole load of crap! lmao! I got a B in my mock, now I'll be lucky if I get a C! 
@colossalblue how crap 
it's sad how much bullshit you can find on commandlinefu.com 
Jays new shit is wack 
crap i think i just killed my nail from bitin it.  woops
is feeling like shit.. emotionaly 
feeling like shit. awesome. 
ah crap the colour purple was on and i missed it 
I feel like shit. 
i feel like a piece of crap right now. 324 dollars and 4 cents wasted. 
@randirobot crap I dont get out til 6 
I just sneezed and shit my pants. 
i feel like shit n i didn't even drink last nite. 
@Lyzee42 Aw crap, that sucks 
@mrsarchuleta_09  i'm sorry. but it's better to just let go of all of beth's crap &amp; try to move on. you've gotten hurt so much cuz of her.
@swalloww I kno thoe! Haha tha shit kerk real hard.. I can't go to kayahs..workin 
Shit!!!! I just burnt the crap out of my arm on a damn straightener. 
Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit  shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit  .
@sheedee same shit for me 
AAAARRRGGHHH i shouldnt let it bother me so much  but theyre so mean, jb must read some comments they get..and they have to read that crap
@EnvyAmor sorry shit's crummy right now  i'm sending u positive vibes tho!
Drving around aint got shit to do...I do miss my chuntarras... 
shit!  youtube still not working 
feeling like shit  up early... 
just took my sat. damn. that shit is hard. 
@Tiffanyco22 me 2 but I'm lazy as shit and I forgot where I parked 
Moths scare the shit outta me! 
suddenly sick.. shit..!! 
arr never ever felt like quite this much of a shit before. shit. massive shit. 
i feel like some bs is about to be dropped on me tonight  laaaaaaaaame.
feeling like crap right now... 
fell absolutely shit 
@nottyJ  awww lol I feel you tho...that's how I've been since I totaled my shit... getting the new joint soon tho so I'm not trippin
crap! there #bing just solved me another technical headache #google couldn't  i feel so damn conflicted!
Oh shit... I just ate chocolate that wasn't... good anymore. 
@jimrossignol I hate this scare mongering bullshit! such bullshit  makes me sad 
crap! all my rings are on the sink! 
Success! I don't feel like crap  though I do *look* like crap thanks to this sunburn  hoping it fades soon!!!
whaat a shit weather...grr hate it !!! 
I overslept   So I called in sick an hour after my shift was supposed to start... crap crap crap. Does that mean I'm getting a reprimand?
@bluebrie7  That happened to me, too! There's so much geometry on that shit, it's ridiculous.
(www.TecNasty.com) MrBigz: crap - i sold friday.  : MrBigz http://bit.ly/JtvGp
i really don't feel like getting my shit together &amp; going to workplaceland. wah 
(www.TecNasty.com) MrBigz: crap - i sold friday.  : MrBigz http://bit.ly/JtvGp
ugh i feel like crap! 
I'm cold  and bored. And feeling like shit
@mmmzirignon i saw that! shit, if it fucked up, and never worked again, i'd seriously cry! 
@Sophcornwell whattt are you serious  coco electric was the biggest pile of shit ever
I wish photoshop would work.  I've got shit I need to do!
I'm at work making a shit ton of tips bitches! I'm so exhausted 
@llajjs5 yeah  ....shit balls lmao
crap! lost my bid on ebay 
I feel like shit. 
tried to take a pic on ubertwitter and now that shit is frozen. 
damn eggroll burned the crap out of me 
I feel like shit. I ALWAYS get tonsilitis  Why cant I have them out?
still feels like crap 
@sarahbarkley well hurry the hell up you clowns!  I look like crap I need a haircut 
ugh, I feel like shit. it sucks to not be able to breathe 
i feel like shit right now  aghhhhhh!!
aw crap.  forgot about my Dodgers (down 7-2).    can't win 'em all I guess.
@synsayshun I like jay old shit better for some reason. 
@lomak1985 bcuz he treats me like shit 
@twicullen that's bullshit! 
Ugh this is crap 
I crack my shit up. 
still feeling like shit. didn't get done what i needed to.  sweet
@HelloKatie25 midol doesn't do crap for me  I just take massive amounts of ibuprofen
shit resutls 
still feeling like crap 
@Loubowski no you are not alone they are a big pile of shit. i really don't understand them may be that's why i don't like them 
@taking_control no fucking shit sherlock...i had no lunch 
Fuuck me...swear shit is so fucked up sometimes......aughhhhhh 
feeling like shit atm. not enough sleep, shit food. want a hug 
i feel like total crap it hurts 
@vishwaskasat yes .. initially i thought this must be some blackmailing stuff. now all open shit shame .. 
@halamazin EMBALAAA, he already  has someone  bs galy he can meet up with us
i failed math.... crap.... 
@existere oh shit  thinking of you
not excited for eqao shit. 
I have to design website for fishing club and put this shit on free server  whats a crap 
I'm wondering if my girlfriend does crap on purpose to make me feel insignificant. I really hate that. 
@arafiazaed Ah shit 
@KristinaLuca I dont seen any of your shit in my google reader yet 
failed science  aaah well, i'm crap at it. lol .
laying in the bed... pajamas and all... paying bills and still feeling like crap. 
Just woke up and I feel like crap 
@kittypurry it's crap! humm the cats means katycats? i don't think some of them are truly matter..... 
Still feelin like crap... 
had such a shit nite and wants to sleep but has to revise!! 
ting tings= shit  x
I hate thunder and lightening. its shit and scary 
cannot stand being skint any longer ahhh ! it's so fukn shit 
I feel like shit.... 
@sdrichel Aww... I feel like crap, too.  
feeeeel like shit 
@LonoSG *sigh* you got that crap too? 
i feel like shit and don't know how to get out 
is watching crap on tv as always 
shit , to com dor de ouvido 
@justinnbenji just a buncha shit...  its hard on me. and I dont like it
Feeling like crap. In bed already. 
@cerealck1 awwww crap 
Feeling like shit and wanting to be home 
Ugh! I feel like crap! 
I'm never going to get all this packing shit done! 
@NGbaby I been wantin to delete my shit for a min but I jus can't do it... Facebook is wack now though 
@Sliim_Goodiie yeahh I'm tryin  but it's annoying when they be talkin shit loud enough for u to hear.. so messed up
@923NowFM ewwies!! I can't believe u guys r giving into that piece of crap.  glad I am sleeping when he will be on or I'd stop listening.
@Jakesmom02 it will be, ya know, this crap happens to every1, it's just so hard to deal with sometimes when it's never ending 
without all this shit. I'm so sad that you think it will make you more lovable 
@corporalpayne  That shit doesn't work.  That's why my kitty got declawed.  
crap trafficlights @ velperbroek...... 
monster flyff is sooo crap.... cause i dont have it ! :@ 
twitters getting better, i feel like shit but 
@BrisbaneGirl I can sympathise. I hope things brighten up soon. The first acronym I thought of was 'creating rage and panic' = crap. 
Any kind soul out there to help me with my shit load of dnt? 
@WaffleSlayer No shit, right. 
is an any trouble  shit!
feel crap :l really bad earache 
Yeaa I don't know  I feel like shit
Still feeling like shit 
dammmmit. another crap ending to ncis 
shit it. shit it ttm. 
@xCarCrashHearts i don't get your clues and shit, just tell me? 
@eyeknee lol i caved as well, anyways i'm still sick... i feel like crap and have been bed ridden. 
@MupNorth crap !  x
is tired of feeling like crap 
i feel like shit 
I feel like crap  
Its to early for this shit 
@tarek a conversation can be full of crap too 
Feeling like shit  hate this feeling !
and 2 redbulls. This shit isn't working. 
@unfluff aww shit you're rite 
i feel like crap!! 
@PRProSanDiego But I like my crap 
What the crap is going on   ?
@aaron_talbot According to @jennytalia I ain't getting shit for an ovary. 
ugh shit i forgot to go to the bookstore again 
@yelyahwilliams boo for feeling like crap. 
didn't do history project with kat and zo.. shit onemoreday 
The shit just hit the fan and landed on me...... 
I feel like crap. Yay for sore throats..I'm going back to sleep 
Finally starting this shit... 
shit. had somethin good to say then forgot 
I feel like crap. 
why do you make me feel like shit? 
Holy shit, just got a call from @e_SQUAREED of busted chin fame. holy shit holy shit holy shit   
I'm exhausted ... and I feel like crap 
shit! i got to rush my coursework! 
@Murdats OHHH that sux ... i always thought steam was good cause it didn't have that crap ... i am mistaken 
I feel like crap. I think I'm going to bake myself #twowholecakes and eat them. Yes, all by myself. 
@B0NiiTA  i never get hit on or talked shit too ....
@ariannaxmychem  i just don't want to go thru this shit anymore.
shit   did you get his number?
ughhh i feel like shit..... 
shit has been crazy... i need to get my shit straight &amp; fast... 
@TinksGriffin argh crap.. what's up t? 
backkk. i feel like crap dude.  and i'm reallyyyyy tired, goodnight.
I feel like shit 
working til 230 feeling like crap 
I feel like crap 
i feel like crap. 
@katConfidential well, that's just crap dude  But oh well.
feeling like crap, can't wait to go home... hour to go... 
doing maths hw....its shit  .......heaps bored !
Arghhhhhhhh hate feeling like crap. So not good 
@keza34 working hard understatement, i have done shit loads  so not good  and all gd wbu?
crap crap crap... i forgot to plug my iphone into the comptuer this morning... now i have to wait till after work to get 3.0 
@twinquasar Causecause, if i don't flip it to the left it would look like shit 
aggravated about all the bs lately 
ugh I feel like pure shit 
I'm going for a bath. I feel like crap. 
I feel like shit. 
Wow. I cant believe i got shit for just doing what I did 
shit fuck late to lakers parade 
@FineAzImIz yea, but I'm starting to pay for eating all this good shit 
fuck is wrong with twitter...damn!! dunno how to use this pc of shit 
@RealAnthonyCamp I honestly wasnt expecting this piece of shit to crash on me 
@Devious_D damn good shot! I missed him  that shit went by so quick! I blinked and it was gone!
@bs_76 You're adorable...but it needs to grow out.  
And now wishing that @cyberkni wasn't going to be late.  I have lots of crap to carry in.
crap, does this mean I'm going to have to update all of my apps? 
why can't i just tell doorsalesmen to get the hell of my property instead of buying stupid crap from them 
@benostasy that happened to me once and I flipped my shit. I'm sorry 
Too much shit going on... I need a fkn break 
Tornadoes scare the shit out of me. 
...I don't know how to take this crap outta my mouth 
fuckin big ass waste of money!!! 
@paperchase21 There's nothin we can do, that shit was dead before it started 
i'm sick of being taken for granted and treated like crap 
i feel like utter crap now... sooooo sore from cheerleading  once again i have 2 wake up early 4 cheer 2marrow!
@PrincessAngel76 I'm okay physically. At least I don't hurt anyone with my stupidity. But I'm really down about it. I feel like crap. 
My muscles ache  idk why I feel like crap all of a sudden 
@squareoff lol I knooo but idk shit knocks u down sometimes. 
shit, me he resfriado 
I feel like crap. 
just finished packing my crap, now what? 
going to sleep!  I recommend getting twitterdeck. It's the shit!
Just woke up from a virus induced coma, still feel like crap 
getting ready for work. i feel like crap. bleh 
@Danlew92 it isnt shit 
i always wake up feeling like shit 
feels like shit and dosnt like it at all......... 
@PalmettoGoddess HUGS! im with you sweetie. I wish all the bad crap would be gone!, but it just keeps on coming 
Feeling like shit 
I miss doing ceramics  and wondering where all the shit i made is...
listening to the 3rd razorlight album... its abit shit 
i feel like crap - hate it 
Just woke up and i feel like shit 
UGH i'm sick of all this bullshit. 
@Ranieka yeah, though I don't really understand it yet, so my page is crap 
so i feel like crap 
I feel like crap 
bloody hell got all my shit sorted early so i could go to see ya'll 
feel like crap we lost in a semi again 
I feel like shit 
Still sick  ughhhhh, I hate this shit
that thunder was scaring the crap outta me!! 
Oh shit. How the fuck did I miss seeing that we need an outside source for the last paragraph of essay 1.1?  Now I have to rewrite shit.
gahh. i need to go to bed. i feel like crap right now 
I feel like crap! 
@jessewingard I woulda been all over that shit, but computer is down and out at the moment and I can't download shit to my iPhone... 
@crazycrayon Yay!!!! And aw crap.. I lost 
@ikle_pattikins oh shit  i guess i need to find someone to want to go and want to drive lmao
I need somebody i can trust, i'm feeling like crap. 
Feels like crap cuz of this medication!! 
doing helllla shit for tricia's graduation/going away 
i feel like absolute crap. 
Just had the weirdest interview ever...and was really weirded out and couldn't recover......shit!!!!!   
@laurenbusby I wish I was ughh, you guys always do fun shit when I'm not around 
at doctors wif kay haha and had a shit ass day crap as 
ughh this is fucking bull shit;; 
What the hell? The current trending topics are pretty much all weird and crap. Why couldn't #barakatday trend? 
ugh my dad jus hella crap dusted my room &amp; crap dusted my blanket which i jus washed &amp;smelled like fresh laundry, now it smells like ass 
is not feeling well at all. shit nuggets 
@hworsnop aw crap, what an arse 
is bored like crap 
@whiteystrife oh shit shit shit shit shit no i didnt 
I'm so bored right now...can't sleep for crap!!  
@rjramos yeah I'm still up lol I was trying to fix some shit on my website, it got real frustrated  but I got most of it done...
@mettapark yaps. me sedih crap that rumour. 
i still feel like crap 
shitty, tired, lonely, and just all around crap  goodnight
@pfunn Awww, crap. /takes all the fuses out of his cookie dough. 
Tweeps I feel like crap, this damn cold i think is  turning into allergies 
designing some crap 
@eviepolden seriously, shit. it had to come right on our doorstep didn't it 
*tears* I feel like shit  and I have to work  I should sleep...
i feel like crap 
@pieriSAYS rofl I think I failed that shit too, it was hard and I blame it all on moloney 
i feel like a crap taco 
stiil feeling shit 
pray for me guys. going thru some awful shit right now. 
 stupid shit.
damn i am bored ... why cnt there be anyone interesting in this shit ass town 
@averysmallcow Holy shit, I'm so sorry. 
@AaronRenfree utter crap! everythings going wrong 
why does this kind of shit have to suck so fucking much  
I feel like absolute crap. 
shit it's nitetime and it's still 90 freakin degrees  smh is it cool anywhere ?
Is feeln like shit ! 
I feel like crap 
alright there aint shit on the TV! lol...bored 
i feel like shit and keep throwing up.  i'm going to sleep 
i guess you just dont give a shit                
I'm getting in the bed, I feel like crap 
@nany_micucci  I'm trying Micookie.. but this shit is so hard! and anyone is following me..! 
@ninvampire google that shit. the mullet and moustache is gone.. 
@jiaaguan haha some shit again 
Why do I still feel like total crap?... 
I hate when shit like this happenns 
@ksekher not poss!! project in deep shit already!! 
starving  shit
Is in the shit.. 
the weathers turning shit 
@ania_weksler a shit sandwich 
@PJMDesigns Did you watch it...it asks for a bunch of surveys and weird crap 
i think the dogs givin me itches &amp; shit i cant stop scratchin ! 
@MZPARKER28 the station! the shit is downnnn.. wtf i do 
dying inside....but smile outside..FAKIN like shit 
fuckin' damn shit. 
@Mbitch19 who is she/he? what do you mean with crap?  confuseeeee
boredom..its a saturday and i have nothin to do  whys everyone being shit.
all my shit got erased againnnn 
Of to work now- fell like crap not sure if I will last 
i hate my ipod its being a piece of crap! 
i feel like shit from last nighttt 
ughhh I feel like crap 
is feeling like crap and will continue 2 feel like crap until a miracle takes away this flu! 
Awww my little cousin looked gorgeous!! I am now bored and feeling like shit 
@poppythecat  crap
at the condo bored as shit!!  
@benadamsuk I agree !  lol It's a load of crap!  x
I'm tired of all the B.S. drama crap! 
gaaaah packing takes so much longer than I thought it would  i forgot about posters and that i have loads of crap :/
@LibbyTMWTD shall we stay up really late smelly and talk shit. btw just saw something depressing on oceanup  x
crap crap crap, listening to the twilight soundtrack, brings me back to memories of finishing breaking dawn... &quot;The End&quot;, ugh depression 
Taylors beating the shit outta herseelf! She does that when she's mad 
@Cgunner wow thats a shit load 
I feel like shit. 
shit i think i just tweeted @xxooandcookies twice srry 
feeling like shit 
its been raining so long it smells like mildew or some shit outside 
crap i ate unhealthy yet again 
Spiders scare the shit outta me 
@KevinAllensays It's a pretty useless piece of shit now. We've talked about it. 
i feel better (i hope!) still feeel crap from last night  and worst thing is i cant fix what is making me feel like shit
Oh crap, over-excitedness is setting in again... *barf barf barf* :-/ 
@ontdai we need to get our shit together. 
@SedityxBarbie wasn't no1 talking shit hoe I hope u gettin paid to back her up but sorry she don't kno u boo soo sad 
So over the dumb shit tired of crying over him 
Is feeling like crap  .
so i lost my livejournal login shit... now i have to make a new one 
Either you're being sarcastic or bs-ing, you made me laugh too. Haha. Ahh you know what I'm feeling naz 
http://twitpic.com/7yod7 - pretty much. i hope they never read this crap article  although they've probably heard worse, but like the  ...
Ah crap forgot to take hay fever pills. 
Hearing mad positive shit about how dope the @MeloXtra gig was last nite! So pissed I missed 
Just woke up nd still feelin like crap  ughhh
@timberryman84 .... yeah....that bums the crap out of me  
@grum Holy shit... that's a spectacular flashmob 
@pirrofina except now I feel bad about not telling him I failed  he looked at some of my artwork and said he was really impressed. shit.
Feeling like shit 
I HATE folding fitted sheets.   I'm too much of perfectionist for this crap.
@hoskie holy shit!  that's so sad!  i'm so sorry 
arrumar o quarto, shit 
I feel like crap! 
@JOShYlOftY that site is crap and now it keeps changing my status 
shit ! on 2 bars  bbl yall .
doing my speech collage..... not to happy that i have to present this crap!! 
shit! i can't talk with pete wentz!! fuck fuck!! i want to die!! 
@HeyK8ty crap 
crap, i broke my earring 
@Oscarrrrr bro this crap is complicated i dnt get it 
Awww crap...they're getting a divorce 
@LukePritch why the others don't have twitter?  want another conert :/ shit
I playing like crap 
ANYWAYS...  now im sad i fucked all that shit up
computer could'nt be fixed slow'd down more  shit shit shit!
Just moved all the shit off the lab shelves 
@threexs fuck that bullshit. ughhh 
@alyankovic holy crap! ed mcmahon?! 
christ, now i'm talking about branding?... why is marketing full of such unnecessary crap 
i feel like shit 
crap.  this isn't good.
@CrisCris smh. i had to curl my shit. its too hot. 
I feel like crap 
@quotationmarkk why do you feel like shit ? 
never felt more crap about myself ever. i don't actually know why i feel like this atm either 
@ImAFucknGenius same shit wit me. we were about to go swimmng cuz i didnt get off work until five..i hada drive home in that shit 
@iTerrific heyy i miss u more twin.  i kno right. and that shit was wack as fuck
unpacking some shit this duffle is heavier than me 
@samiajamal shit I'm so sorry samia  I love you
still feeling like shit! 
@SteveWeed32 ew that shit a preview.. ffuccccckkk outta here! damm..  #heartbroken
Feels like crap  &amp; doesnt know Y....
@souljaboytellem im awake tyna get my shit together for college  its a bunch of shit lol
@jessheartstbs wait what? i'm a load of shit?  :p
@amberbanana oh shit. i thought you lost it inside. i'm sorry 
i feel like crap right now. 
Feeling like shit 
shit! light is gone again...  in this heat...it is terrible
Feeling a little delerious from all the drugs I am taking and I still feel like crap 
Still disappointed by how crap the new transformers is 
@catalinaax3 :L:L i have that song, but it sounds so crap wen i play it 
I feel like shit  I just want to sleep. the anxiety is still flaming, although not so much but its still there
I'm...dying. I feel so crap. 
I cannot sleep for shit!! 
i have tried 678 diff positions but i cnt get comfortable for shit 
fuck you sundried tomatoes, was all excited about eating you, and you taste like shit! how disappointing 
Oh shit! I seriously doubt that I can see Transformers 2 this saturday. 
Starting to wish I had a talent, I can't sing, I can't dance or draw or paint, shit with computers 
ughh I just want to go back to sleep. I hate waking up and feelinfg like crap. 
ughh I just want to go back to sleep. I hate waking up and feeling like crap. 
@Aqilahh no shit, really? 18? 
i can't get the hang of this shit. 
i feel like shit 
shit it didn't work  &lt;3 haha
@StrBrght1130 I saw that your shit grew....mine didn't 
is feeling like a piece of shit on the sidewalk... not good 
crap, texting is addicting 
I'm tired of being treated like shit. 
At the doctors. Gahhh it's so early  fuking little shit won't get the fuck away from me
@rhiannaAT i know skl is crap 
this shit is whack...im out 
Feeling like crap all of a sudden.  maybe lunch will help...
have you felt a sense of overwhelming uselessness? i feel like crap. 16 going on 60 
Still feels like crap 
@nrlfanclub I know, crap site huh? 
@chriscanal How crap are we 
You're such a shit muffin  muahaha.
@ZombieTron where would we be without charities to give our crap to 
shit i think i have to write my own pagination then! anybody having a good one to share with me 
this crap is awesome!!!!!!!!!       !!!
@zackalltimelow psh, who would talk shit about you ?! you're too great  ?
kane is lame.  why the fuck did i signup for this shit.
@ausi1  sweetheart who feels like shit...
This shit lamee foreal lmaO ? but hey .. follow me 
@DavidSmith01 you're the shit 
@meaganwarby we are arnt we  this is some weird shit though.
@AnthonyM_ rumors rumors. doesnt mean shit as long as you know whats really going on 
@hockeyfan427 I would've been happy to let them haul the crap away.  
right wll. i'm bored so i'm going to busy myself with mindless crap. back inabit. 
@jeffreecuntstar's music is THE fucking shit. 
getting bored at mathematics. Don't understand the shit, don't care 
what are you REALLY trying to say, @shuaM?  you talking shit about my pets?  
@RichyRoss23 thanx!!  the message shit was fkin up.
@XboxHornetNews OMG what a piece of crap 
peeing on my own shit, and its great! 
Icyhot is the shit 
@wongcentral http://tweetube.com/1P3 - don't lie to him   You look like crap!
I ate the shit out of it. 
@roderick59 I know cause that shit was a millionnnn times easier (: 28. Haha 
@taiforever ehh nahh. i dont really care. i already know it looks like shit 
@RahkRahk LMFAOOOO ahhh shit! it's that bad!? There's more fishys in the sea 
Augii is the shit 
on my electro shit 
@Mnizzle I demand that he unlocks that friggin' thing. Or I'll beat the crap out of him  hihi de poep uit hem slaan XD nederlands zuigt.
hahaah told u the suprise was ... crap 
shit loads o work to do, fuck fuck fuck! 
@anima Holy shit 
i don't even know brandon but this here twitter shit, yeap. it's growing on me. i dig it  &lt;3
@hecrazyxcal  well I want to be where you are when this shit goes down then...
That was crap. 
@NancyAppleby ........ and shit..... 
crazy im just hearing about all the shows  sux for those goingm.but my shit is in july 
@garrettmaine follow me ya lil shit head 
@AJCesarrr tweet that shit never trashy always classy 
@courtneystram you never look like crap 
@johncmayer u need 2 record that shit!!! 
@zuratulzulkifli @musshhh zura knows how to do a topspin, i cant even do one shit. there 
@jaydriscoll88 frozen shit all the way dude 
Singing about random shit it the funnest! 
 Still smile @ the bullshit ...I love it keep it coming
@noangelvfc no shit  i think i helped get him on the trending topics list haha  hooray for bradie (L)
@yourinspiration l0l yeahh but i dont have a cluee about how this shit workss 
@rebekaaa no shit :p 
@pagingDrCullen not a problem...that shit is crazy 
@Krabholtz411 I give a crap  so what you talking bout anyway?
i remember when sean kingston used to be the shit. 
shit shit shit shit! best news i've gotten in so long 
@tdubb757 yall tear that shit down.. 
@AnnelieSch26 What crap?  And a hello to you too lover!!  
@arenadamian he is the shit, i dont understand how he isnt through! 
@shanitai life is crap! so out emo-ed youuu 
getting my shit together to see @tiesto in sacramento 
is laying in bed with my bessttiee  tired of stupiidd bullshit boyss!
I love talking shit sometimes 
Travian is the shit 
