Most common words for this cluster:
[('shower', 338), ('bath', 136), ('water', 133), ('laundry', 129), ('bathroom', 100), ('kitchen', 92), ('dryer', 51), ('hot', 47), ('amp', 47), ('tub', 41), ('lol', 38), ('fridge', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'shower', 0.8078858256340027), (u'bathroom', 0.7276197075843811), (u'facecloth', 0.7140582799911499), (u'spewed_mouthful', 0.7124149203300476), (u'tub', 0.6985217332839966), (u'jacuzzi_tub', 0.6931822299957275), (u'bath', 0.6925068497657776), (u'dishpan', 0.6885351538658142), (u'dishwasher_washing_machine', 0.6866651773452759), (u'refrig', 0.6857748627662659)]





is in the bathroom... wake up lakin. 
@aaronrva is in the bathroom and i have to pee!    
im so tired this morning and there was only cold shower water!not happy 
just threw up all over the bathroom. not fun 
just had a bowl of bran flakes and is about to ave a shower and do revision! 
going for a shower &amp; brush my teeth, don't wanna go to work 
wish there was a a little tunnel (preferably a waterslide!) direct from dressing room to water so people don't see me in my togs 
@bradiewebbstack :O socks and showers? they dont mix, trusst me. they get wet and you cant wear them anymoreee  its miserable
ew i hate when i put lotion on before i sleep and then my roommates turn up the heater! i slept 30 min and now i have a full day ahead! 
@TanMcG but.... it doesn't come with a flashlight 
sorting the kitchen out! 
had to bring the coats back up from the basement 
@honey_bucket awww  but achewood is the awesomest. I got sable and my old roommates into it.
Hates when her dryer doesn't start and she doesn't find out until midnight 
but it walked on my pillow 
going into the shower, getting ready to work the grave yard 
just finished  cleaning my closet... It's so empty 
almost done the clothes got a lot of cups decorated but not finished yet  still in my towel wrap doing chores........yay being home alone!
@rbflygal what's a bridal shower without sex toys? 
About to go clean bathrooms 
killed a whole tray of hamsters 
I think I'm going to have a bath in a bit. I haven't had a bath in some time now and I miss it 
starving but i have empty cupboards 
the cupboards are bare 
i burnt myself on my toaster oven! 
@ParentStudent ... from the sofa. I know! I know...  *sigh*
 my water heater has exsploded!!
@lordreign ...Now *I'm* sick, so I may have to be quarantined when you guys are up... I'll live in the closet. 
Just cleaned patio! Now other chores 
stinkin dryers @ the laundromat r too hot even on the coolest settings.  I scorched my mattress pad 
@iusebiro I agree. We had to serve a breach notice to get our broken stove/oven and the hot water fixed. 
@devynburton Still lost...loll 
Just cleaned out my fridge and freezer.  You don't want to know how much I chucked out. 
just got out the shower bout 2 head 2 clunb sgugar but wish i was cupcakin wit @yungktinkh3adz  lol
soaking in the tub.. then off to do monthly grocery shopping... URRGGGGHHHH...hate that... its boring and then i have unpack them 
So drunk in a bath stlal  i cant move
lying in bed wishing the kitchen was magically in her bedroom, hungry! 
not looking forward to unclogging the bathtub drain (in the girls' room) tomorrow! 
did the aircon just died/off? 
very annoyed that I can't get the fridge water dispenser to work even after changing filter... don't want to call tech as so expensive 
Doing laundry. YAY how exciting 
lost my hairbrush. 
Hiding in my bathroom..the gruesome twosome have arrived 
is doing laundry then has to go to work later 
http://twitpic.com/3ljll i'll come back to these later - after my chores 
laundry, laundry, laundry. grrr!! now i'm remembering why i used to just by new stuff when i ran out of clean clothes. i miss those days 
@ComedyQueen lol the boiler is under there it'll melt   lol
just been electically shocked by a hairdryer  x
laundry laundry laundry mother fucking laundry i want a sandwich. and my babies. 
loves doing laundry; not so much a fan of folding laundry...especially when I'm tired and hot 
I'm back to work  I wish i was home doing my laundry and ironing.
probably should go in the shower!!! i hate studying!!!!  xxx
@EvonaWiktoria ugh I left my pillow on your couch 
The neighbour spilled bleach on my jeans - nothing fixes a bleach stain. 
I am not excited that it is 1:51am and I am doing laundry... 
hairdryer blew up...not a happy 
Still stuck on the tube 
fire alarm gone off  I need to get closer to the kitchen  and cook properly
Doing laundry 
Just dropped my clean laundry on the floor into a puddly of laundry detergent 
About to go buy some towels. exciting.... 
i'm scared to go in my bathroom. all the light bulbs are burnt out 
going to switch over some laundry and then head to bed ... alone.  sleeping in the nursery, here i come.
Needs to invest in a new dryer so she doesn't have to dry each load of laundry twice  I'd really like to get my comforter done!
jodhpur was damn hot...hving bath too was difficult as water was usually hot all the time  delhi was better comparatively but still hot!
ugh.. i hate packing.. its as bad as unpacking... and travelling ugh! 
Oh so tired.. I can't for my pillow and blanket..work at 8 yuck 
@DonnaD2009  it raining well light shower or two 
Wondering how long to leave the cupboard contents out to ensure ants have departed.... making the kitchen look even messier than usual 
i'm sitting downstairs with a cuppa, wishing i was still in bed, but i need to get ready  otherwise holly will shoot me!
has just broken her bedside lamp  and then cut her hand on it
@Caraandclo  same ere. but just dropped a full tub of jellybeans all over the floor. pmsl!
wishes ma dad would hurry up with this fckin shower!  i need water, im sooo thirsty
feeling a little lazy.  p.s. i had the worst nightmare of my life this morning.  it was about dog poo, my teeth and a campground bathroom 
noooo - was washing dishes, lost phone, looked all over for it... found it in the sink full of water 
hotel fail: no water. after last night I desperately need a shower  #vegas
@clucienne i rather not. recently i started thinking about him. i rather drink drainer fluid or be drenched in battery acid 
The hot water just ran out whilst I was mid shower!!! I still need to rinse my hair  please work again soon!
I'll be having bath soon after I finish this track. I feel sticky and filthy 
how do u kill moths cause my deoderant can with tap on it in a sealed cupboard doesnt work 
Cleaning again....the washing basket seems to be overflowing.....darn 
is going to do the housework 
I need a double boiler. 
aaah heating just died on me, i found a hole in the kitchen sink, water logged!! i soo wanted 2 get out 4 a sunday sesh 
my phone won't turn on - after a bottle of water spilled in my backpack last night . . . . tragedy 
going to take a shower and then homework 
Sadness - the toilet leak is back. That probably means it is the wax seal which requires a plumber to fix 
had a bath...plaster wet again   I'll walk with a stick: 2morrow no more plaster I can't stand it
going to take a depressed shower! 
no shower yet  now maybe?
@IamFunk no naked. bathing suit!!!!  LOL ms.edina is the one who is alllways naked. i miss her...paw 
My smelling salts exploded in my purse 
@prosperitygal I pretty much just shave him in place of a bath.  He's too old to get into and out of the tub 
@mmitchelldaviss amazing pillow i want one so bad 
trying to wash my clothes but the lady c-blocked me. you took the washer before i could get there 
gave the 200sx its last bath.. 
so my labret unscrewed itself while I was in the shower and fell through the drain, I spend a useless 30mins trying to fish it out, 
@komplexwordplay laundry 
well, doing my laundry cost me $125 tonight. 
@kayasmith  morning.... still not had enough coffee  away to get quick shower then... hopefully clothes are dry that are in tumble dryer
Doing laundry 
@SiobhanBulfin i couldnt imagine not having a bath in wellington 
@pickflick mine was last seen in my dryer, in the pocket of my coat, covered in soy sauce 
Oh great. Security confiscated my shampoo and shower gel because they were both over 100ml 
is home, had a haircut and a bath but it's still extremely hot! 
*yawn* should prob gt out of bed n shower but it's so warm 
@bsharp where is my invite? I still have no kitchen 
Really hungry now, wish I had just put the soup on the hob and not in a slow cooker. wont be ready for another 2 hours 
looking in the fridge for lemonaide I don't have  lol
About to jump in the shower, its still cloudy and rainy, how disappointing 
@212degreedesign I tossed it in the dryer. It's mostly dry. 
note to self: dont wear good earrings in the shower coz they WILL go down the drain 
Staring at the poor fishies in the tank across the room.  free the fishies!
@kateevs i dont either its just all i have left in my kitchen 
just got home, pretty tired... all i want is a nice warm bath and a massage 
@livnenna I know how it feels specially when you have a shower and the hot water is finished  that happened to me today
@artiswhy There was a stripper at the bridal shower!?!?!?! 
@martiy Awww, can't even get to the kitchen?  I will carry you there Glorificus.
@inkllicious and why does pet society have that huge entertainment center, but tiny televisions? and a washer but no dryer? 
mwahahahah..... i need a shower 
&amp; now my kettle is broken.. . boiling water the old fashion wayyyy 
I'm hungry and my fridge is empty 
right, this isn't get the chores done ... off to do some cleaning  
just had a shower, how is it ,I got out and left the conditioner in still,   hands up how many of you have done that as well ?
urgh i wake this morning to orders from the mother  tidy my room, put my washing away, change the sheets and mow the lawn!! (((
had to stay back @ work for 40mins &amp; now waiting for the wash to finish so i can put it in the dryer. 7am start 2moro, so painful 
my comfy lounge pants shrunk in the wash  now it's like skinny-fit comfort, which just doesn't do it for me.
running errands and work at fouur 
has gotten one bedroom and bathroom packed already! hate that it's back to work tomorrow. 
Preparing for the big allergy test. No shower/bath for 4 days, my back full of scratch/patches....jay!  it's for a good cause, I guess...
is up and has housework to do 
i have a spider in my bathroom... 
Cuddled up on the sofa with a blanket a pillow and a drink  i hate being ill
My body pillow isn't flat enough yet!  and it smells weird (new pillow smell) LOL I'll febreeze it out tomorrow! I love Febreeze! Gnite!
@DottyTeakettle I wish I had the pillow  Sounds lovely!  Actually, I wish menstruation were like labor, you could push it out and be done.
URGH, apparently my shower is leaking into my downstairs neighbours place  more issues!!
Oh noes! I just dropped a tub of taramasalata over the freshly mopped floor 
@china8978 I got it from brighams  too bad it ended up on my kitchen floor!! grrrr
Doing household chores 
@JoshBkelley did you throw away your bowling towel? 
I've already been to my horse, had breakfast and took a shower.. now i should start with my homework.. don't want to 
@emjaystar housework bites 
Facing the facts - 2 days of overcast weather = no hot water = sponge bath in a bucket - darn solar hot water booster not working 
jst got back from my shower... hurt myself again.. 3 cuts while shaving..dam razor!  it drew blood!
The suburban animals are so loud tonight the glasses in my dishwasher are shaking 
Wish it would stop raining, it means I have got to do the ironing 
will clean the dishes... i hope we own a dishwasher, instead!!!! 
chillening going to do some chores soon  fun (N)
The shower broke. I'd JUST covered myself in soap when it decided it didn't want to work anymore. A sponge a sink of cold water 
@eliseland I think of my beaver heater everyday 
cleaning my cupboard 
may have to keep this short so that the toilet is not far away 
My pillow is lumpy 
my dorayaki is in the toaster oven. i don't know how to get it without mama noticing cause she's at the kitchen and in a bad mood 
bath and cigarette..guess a wet cigarette 
cleaned my pet rabbit's cage. todo Lysol pa. sana gumaling na xa  http://plurk.com/p/uccgo
I'm so sacred. I'm moving furniture, dusting, hoovering. Its just wrong. I don't hoover! I need my pills! 
A rapidly declining water temperature is the best motivator for a speedy shower. 
ashleys laying in the bathtub. she hurts 
It's so beautiful outside that I have no inclination to go inside and shower. (I kind of have to, but don't wanna  )
at the laundra mat because my washer is broken 
I so would @mols82 but i just took my shower 
@tweenkle77 ew, yeah laundry... bought some bleach yesterday &amp; guess a bottle had spilled &amp; got on my pants   couple spots, but pooo
But I like wicker furniture 
Just finished three loads of laundry...hate doing laundry! 
I cleaned out my fridge / my fridge looks sad and lonely (empty) 
drinking from a glow-in-the-dark cup... too bad its daytime 
hates sitting under the dryer 
There's a fucken cockroach in my closet, but it was too fast to catch 
@jamizich my pillow smells like you 
something in the laundry room broke.  smoke riseth everywhere. &amp; smells like burned rubber.
I love having a shower and then getting back into bed!! Only trouble is you have to get up twice 
Lalala waiting for luggage. I could live in the guest toilet! smells like royal livingstone  sigh
has to wash the dishes piled up in the sink now that her handy alalay is busy with painting the walls.  http://plurk.com/p/uieqn
is cold in the kitchen  
@preshit it doesn't minimze to the tray! 
rocked!!!!  I now have a leaky shower though.  
the tap in my kitchen's broken and it won't stop running water. shit. 
The loo is closed 
up sooooooo early  taking a shower then getting my nails done working 5-10 at the willows...visits would b nice
@beckycloonan I got up at 6, sweaty, I saw all clothes&amp;garbage all over the balcony, it's windy and I had to go to work. blegh. 
Has no hot water &amp; had to have a cold shower 
Doing laundry and dishes 
@jane_laura just the normal washing up liquid, i even re cleaned the sink after it had all that grease in it. 
@IdahoDomestic except for cleaning glass = fuzz 
ewww...something nasty just came out of the sink faucet in my bathroom.    I'm thirsty, but I'm not about to drink water from there.
Is it sad that our gross, dirty handmedown futon is more comfortable than my own bed? 
Flatmates are still in the bathroom! ARGGH!! 
Hasn't got a fricken working shower ...nooooo I need my shower 
just got up and thinking about the housework i have to do 
@andrewgerhart u could gog old school and do cloth diapers, and wash/reuse, theres actual services for that but... ewwwwwwwwww 
@Dichenlachman yes I agree, knobs in public bathrooms are disgusting 
desperate for dry shampoo right now... 
@mrsmarshmellow I certainly would if I only could. Stuck indoors with a list of chores 
@mommyinstincts because you are probably always folding laundry! 
@Abeeliever  I'm still waiting for my gym's hot tub to work   I need that heat to relax the muscles afterwards or I'm dead meat!
Still got the splinter, been trying to get it out with a kitchen knife and sellotape, can't find tweezers. Hurts like fuck when I walk 
@prissynm Did I leave my makeup on your sink? 
Still hot from the hot shower I took 
@deliquescere: i'm in the shower 
Getting up and taking a shower then heading dowstairs for some breakfast in the lobby. No translator 
@constance529 chandelier from lamps plus 
I used a sugar scrub in the shower today: now I want a cupcake 
@SianBeeton This used to enrage me as a student as well. Especially work surfaces and the sink the kitchen. And washing up. 
@nzmik are you kidding me? you guys actually had food i would eat in your fridge. you should take a look at my fridge. nothing 
I guess I stayed in the bath tub for too long. Now I'm a bit dizzy.  I like to read books in the tub, but I'd better not during summer. :p
doing laundry . . .  ugh 
@AngryBadgerGirl I'm sitting on my couch/bed &amp; looking that this light bulb I need to change, but it's high up &amp; I'm wee. 
I miss having a bathtub.  (via #zenjar )
@ heartstardot Aww im sorry my washer and dryer are an hour away 
@divasteph I wish I could run u a warm bubble bath n warm up a cloth for ur head then give u a back massage after u finished soaking. 
I didn't make it to the gym today  I was sooooo tired! took a 2hr nap &amp; now am catching up on the housewk... laundry, dishes, bills oh my!
the laundry that I'm about to attack now  barf! http://mypict.me/1MGu
All sickly with a cold on the sofa. 
My FIANCE is super sick.  But my twin is planning my bridal shower. So excited!
my bathroom doesn't have a music system.... what do I do 
putting dishes and finishing up my laundry  finally got to facebook chat with my godson tonight!
so bored she is raiding the fridge 
had a good shower but starving for food. 
is scared to get her clothes out the dryer 
AAFFRRIICCAA?!   i hope get more african toilet paper haha.
I can't find my chapstick! 
@mattbratcher did I leave my pillow in your bed? 
@mrskutcher Some children donot even touch their tray and it all goes in the garbage....soooo much waste 
my fiance is trying to krazy glue the toilet base back together... 
homework is like dirty laundry. itll pile up. and then you eventually have to do it all at once. 
@andrewmzs no hot tub though  
@toooby grease lightning always haunt me of andro hunt  and the toilet scrub flower you gave me. AHAHAHA
wnna take a bath!!!! 
aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor 
Morning all. The water heating's packed up, so i can't have a bath. I REALLY want a bath! 
Sometimes I have a pillow and sometimes I don't 
waiting for landlord to come see about our shower 
Wants to go sit in a park but should really be painting the bathroom 
chilling on the sofa, I hate vaccinations, I feel sooo ill 
Has finally finished emulsioning the bathroom. Now for gloss work 
@flyguyvan can u let her kno that lady's not spayed and potty trained :/  then see if she still wants her 
the downfall about relaxing later is mad manual labor now...just finish cleaning the fridge..and now to fold clothes..house work blues 
I need a blankie  this trains an icebox
at the office, trying to solve the mystery of whose blood is that in the  bathroom toilet.... eewwwww 
finished the noodles. done the dishwasher. really really warm. i don't like it 
I hate it when I forget to actually turn on the dryer 
ough out of the shower and my toes feel horrible in my socks i think they are still a bit wet 
I will move anywhere as long as it has a freaking dishwasher! I despise doing dishes 
@robertpwilkins i should have left them alone. now they hurt  so no run and adter i fianly had a shower and washed the paint off ...
needs water, paper towels and coke from the store but feels too sick to go get it 
i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml. 
@tayezzy public bathrooms 
@lipzs0juicy I was in the shower  sorrrrrryyy
bout to take a shower.... a cold shower 
Just finished cleaning the bathroom.  Now I smell like clorox 
I am sitting here taking a little break and trying to recharge so I can continue housework 
@exotic I have to use the bathroom 
@RealAudreyKitch i'd seriously kill for a bath the now.  but we only have a shower cubicle. I miss bubble baths!
Note 2 all twoloers: neva stay @ a candlelight suites shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny! 
@rmetalbroad belay the swimsuit, hot tub won't be ready this weekend.  sadness 
I hate the dryer. 
This is not fair... bath again.... 
argh! why is the bathroom always closed when I'm late from my break and gotta pee?!!!! 
finishing washing dishes 
For got my laundry in the washing machine probly smells now    oh well
My curtains shrunk in the wash 
new tub means no shower.... for 3 days   Just when I was on a showering kick too.
@broskiii LOL take fast showers lol the water in the sinks get hott omg just not the shower 
sipping raspberry lemonade and getting ready to go soak in the jacuzzi tub.  ahhh... this is the life. But, I do miss my boys  
I has a cold   There's going to be cold snot on my pillow when I wake up.  Even bigger 
@Juzzash I dont have a drawer, I have a cup thing they all sit in, but I nudged the fridge, unbalancing the cup, and down they went 
laying pergo in the kitchen.  not as easy as it seems. 
My washer and dryer went out.. very bad news.. I had to for the first time go to a laundry mat to do the laundry....It was doo-doo  ha ha
@IndieMagic to the bathroom with the acid reflex the nuggets left me 
is sleeping on the couch with her roommate...(and its not a fold out)...no more beds... 
Just peed in the wrong bathroom in the backstage area 
just chugged some miralax....blehh....now a shower 
well that's unfortunate...i forgot my water bottle in the freezer...its kinda cracked now 
spilled water bottle all over my bookshelf of design &amp; italia books       now they're all hanging to dry
wondering how i'm going to take a bath when there's no water 
Just had a hot shower after being saturated at netball  so nice now though
@SashaKane fave: nice hot bath with music...{but no tub,  }
@SashaKane fave: nice hot bath with music...{but no tub,  } http://ff.im/3oDee
doing my chores 
I wanna take my typical late night shower but i just scraped a huge chunk of skin off my knee and the soap water will sting 
I can't sleep without my pillow 
My pillow's all wet 
@NOTCOT aww no that sucks  do you have calamine lotion handy?
brr. cold shower. it sucks 
my hot water is so hot that I've just burnt two fingers while washing makeup brushes 
got to tidy my room and wash dishes when i just want to sun bathe 
is trying to figure out how to take a shower 
is tired  household stuffs (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/x7uag
gotta paint the bathroom. I loved my bathroom, but since I'm moving I have to paint over it. 
Really should go wash up 
.. and this is not: I have to clean the gutters 
i think i just put in a load of laundry without laundry tablets or fabric softener 
@mousenator Because I am exceptionally foolish and left them all on the kitchen table 
@OMGItsTopher I am still in the area.  I will have to go check it out.  I just have to find the motivation to get out of bed and shower. 
@spartacus360 i tried on tank tops the other day and ran out of the dressing room quickly and depressed by all the gross flabbiness i saw 
@GardenPunk I wanna seeeeee! I'm slowly working on my kitchen garden. 10 % pay cut put a damper on that 
Home, shower. Then..idk 
I don't want to do my laundry. 
@rachelgolden I've left my bathroom sink running a whole school day   We may need these sensor-equipped faucets!
I am awake for good now. I have been drafted into yardwork 
is doing laundry ew 
Gettn n the shower finally, i smell of a hot, mess fire. 
great the dog upchucked on the bathroom matt... only for me to find more on a pillow in the bed 
TiksHI: grrr same here chores chores n more chores 
Folding laundry  I hate little kids socks. They have so many!
My blanket dosn't smell like flowers  it smells like bleach +o( eww
bubble bath and F5...strange combination 
I luoe taking hot showers but I have to take a cold shower because of my sunburn!                                   Jelaine
burned myself on the toaster oven.  i am dumb and hurting.
I miss my red pillow. 
@DubarryMcfly oh no and am upstairs about to go for a bath  loceyoufletch xxxx
My bathtub is angry at me 
Someone throw me in a bath of after sun cream 
I'm tired from cleaning . . . yuck &amp; I smell like bleach! 
my least favorite chore?....cleaning the bathroom.... that's where I am on the to do list..... 
my least favorite chore?....cleaning the bathroom.... that's where I am on the to do list..... 
in the midst of big apartment scrubdown, found a quarter inch of water pooled underneath our kitchen sink.   thankful i rent, not own.
I hope that these kitchen renos don't last any longer... they are so annoying 
My washer leaks 
@amandateaches - Dude I am sooooo sorry I missed your shower! I am an asshole.  http://myloc.me/28zF
Also...how am I supposed to shower w/no shower curtain? The shower rod broke  I tried yest &amp; got water all over the floor lol
cleaning the bathtub 
Still running recital errands  now shopping for tablecloths
more housework 
Waiting for them to leave! I was supose to go in the hot tub 
Draino has kind of helped the stopped up drain 
Cleaning up huge soap spill  -v.
I miss the dorm.  It's too bloody hot here and it was always freezing there.
My bathroom is burrrrsting with waaaater!!!! 
maybe a shower will make me feel better. 
Oops caught the toaster on fire... 
about to take a nice warm bath, and contemplate deleting my twitter 
run out of water... soap is dried out in my skin.. i need to bath now!  waaaattteeeerrrr!
Jacuzzi was nice for a bit, until the neighbors started being loud with their party!  So now im watching The Messenger!
@lucylemon further to run then hmmm maybe I can just get a bucket next to me 
i need to take a shower 
revising English in the bath then off out for a meal as my grandparents are taking matthew on hols 
@tripwired i can comprehend. i was hanging my laundry and i got all sweaty as well 
@zandraisabelle srry ._. i showered. and nomather how much i want to talk to you i cant have the comp in the shower ._. srry 
just left sol now a shower and then work 
@jcymc46 well, I made the bf clean his room and after he did, he launched an attack on me using the vacuum cleaner  (much to his glee)
first load of laundry is in... like 6 more to go. 
@shoeshine no  I haven't been to work.
I'm also tired and my microwave keeps acting like it's going to start a fire. It's as if I put metal in it. I didn't 
Not dealing well w/ the bad case of poison ivy I picked up.  It is painful!  Even folding laundry proved excruciating!
i wish we had more storage space in the kitchen 
I broke the mixer.  guess momma needs to get a kitchen aid now!
just got out of the shower. I feel fresh. and I hate being late 
has to go wash the dishes 
@Dansharon - chilling here, have to get back to chores 
Still n bed and doesn't want to do errands 
To do's: church, brunch, laundry, grocery shop, head to richmond for baptism reserv, back home fold laundry clothes, pay rent  
Draining the hot water heater.  
This is horrible. I need another container for my makeup 
@7angela7 i have about the same...i also have comforters that i need to take to the laundromat...i miss my canyon capacity w/d 
@Fooie I'm only kidding  why so defensive!! I would do the same if I could, muaha (I took home clothes that needed dry cleaning tho)
changed the bedding, wow its so tempting to go to bed now 
re-caulking a tub = not fun. 
waiting for my laundry to be done.. why does it take so damn long.. 
@_apricottea I knocked my head in to the bathroom sink last night when I was trying to bend down &amp; get my jammie bottoms 
texting on the toilet as usually. but now im stuck  hope @vinceevans hurries back with some toilet paper
I want to go boating!!!! But instead I'm doing laundry. 
In dire need of a wash &amp; set, mani &amp; pedi   ~$kittle$~
off to enjoy and lovely cold shower 
@josefinemcfly But not anymore ;) ohh. I cant go. but I must take a shower  buuu!
Going to have a shower i smell like suncream 
@Cpunches NO! I was folding laundry and came back and you were gone 
@solupsist dude, I took out the carpet, used a pressure washer and no luck. I went at it for 2 hours, and still pine-sol in it. 
So I just put a bottle of lotion on my bedside table and it fell onto the floor. No joke, there is no lotion everywhere. 
@eatonville The kitchen was closed when I was there!  But I will definitely be back. I absolutely adore the ambience.
I hope it doesn't make a bubble.  stupid oven.
still needs a toothbrush ... its too cold to go outside 
Mmph  shower or nap?
i love doing laundry; i just hate folding it once its all clean 
doesn't feel too good  i need to get a bucket...
I got a new bathing suit, but lets hope i live to wear it ;) I'd rather be in cheer than have any of this. 
starting at my huge mound of laundry 
So I cut my finger and there was like a murder scene in the bathroom  so much blood 
@AvaRosexxx no pic of u laying in the tub 
taking a really long shower. then back to studying. at least i have my fruity pebbles. 
i hate that my toilet is downstairs. 
inbox = 0 ~ bills = not touched ~ laundry = piled high  ~ groceries = going NOW blah
I really need this headache to go away. I'm afraid to get in the shower because the water is going to hurt when it hits my head. 
@tarabosch iiiii knoow. i will be so pissed if it just starts peeling... gosh, my shower felt like it was raining pebbles 
5 mins unitli have to get up from a warm comfy sofa 
airconditioner in the library is not working  its too hot over here. No ventilation
i really wannna go to my kitchen to get a drink of water but im scared of the dark 
http://twitpic.com/6e2q0 The swag bags last night had L'oreal volumizing shampoo 
http://twitpic.com/6e2q0 - The swag bags last night had L'oreal volumizing shampoo 
I need a new closet 
I hate doing laundry 
1 hour of weights, 11 km run. And then the shower runs out of water. 
no boiler = no hot shower 
to do: dark + light + bedding wash, trinity application, find the gauze so i can re-strap offending toe, reviseeeeeeeeeee. 
a/c is leaking and destroying the ceiling in my kitchen.  not fun 
Cleaning stupid gutters with shamus 
waiting for the water to heat up in the boiler  really cba washing up all these dishes
has a mountain of laundry to do. better get started.  
blegh, i missed update 365 tooo   i don't want to take a shower, haha, the blue will wash out 
@nikdoof chu. You are so mean. I'm like a bloody milk bottle I've been kept indoors for soooooo long  slaves work better with a tan!
@hookah_shisha my nammor hose got a tear in it quite quickly  fixed it with some duct tape as it's my best hose
really need the loo but me dads in the bath 
The heat can go to hell. I hate my oven of a work truck 
doesn't understand y men always forget to put the toilet seat down. I mean is it that hard???? urgghhh 
just had a nice cool shower; so hot 
aweeesome long weekend.  just got out of the shower. i'm terribly cold now  homesick. kthanksbye.
trying out some new kitchen curtains. i would twitpic it so you could vote, but i'm lame and don't have an iphone. 
Revision is so boring   I might go in the hot tub again to relax :s
hair removal cream and fake tan stink the bathroom out i have come to realise blahhhhhh 
&lt;-- didn't even make it to the stairs on way to change into bathing suit before doorbell rang.  
@lonemat *sniffles and considers wailing* he cried a little...but i gave him soggy cuddles..he drying off in a dryer now.. 
@NPBradley one took a bath and didn't like it. The replacement already had a sticky trackball hence why they are replacing it asap. 
might go get a bath, too relax. I still feel ill  http://plurk.com/p/xpy1u
my hands are so sore  getting in the shower than laying in bed to watch the rest of this supersize teens: cant stop eating.
@delia_p and all that bedding 
Not doing alot just have an extremem hangover really  bath and bed me thinks with my hot chocolate i do live life in the fast lane lol
@pokemonika UGH i hear that, my trailer is defiantly a sauna 
dont put washin up liquid in the dishwasher, be patient and wait till the morn when u can get proper dishwasher tablets haha 
@ClarissaG I almost got pinoko toilet paper for the awo crew but didn't have the luggage space 
going to run errands and be responsible 
Whoever invented laundry...I so hate them right about now  
@emitts is finished and silky - I'm still under the dryer, 
@kesenai I'm going to have nightmares now  ! I wanted to go downstairs for a drink of water.. but what if there's some creepy girl crawl--
I'm so not having a good day...when all else fails so does the dryer with a load of wet towels 
At the laundry mat bored out of my mind!!! grrr!! 
A spider decided to invade my bathroom. It is NOT welcome. 
why did i wait this late to do my laundry???  shame on me 
wen i went to refill my bttle at the gym i broke the fountain and spilt water evrywhre. n yeah, i got embarressed and left. 
I blow dried my shoes using the hand drier in the bathroom, but theyre wet again 
what is wrong with the oven 
I miss my tub from my house *sigh* it had a sloped back and everything I miss the fact that it was long,I HATE apt. tubs not nice at all 
in the bath whyy do I have to do English 
@elecons yum! my pantry is empty 
FINALLY going to sleep after washing an ungodly amound of dishes....huh 
we HAD to start using #clothdiapers because our daughter was highly allergic to the chemicals in disposables - her bottom bled 
@rudedoodle im not liking the nighttime heat either,my rooms like an oven. 
had the best shower! hot shower during cold nights.  and getting ready for cotillion practice. joven im sorrrrrrry 
I've run out of paper towels 
is freaking perspiring after a shower! 
need a shower. can\t take a bath because of the tattooed belly 
i think the heater has stopped working, because i am now freezing 
Another corking day! In an office with aircon and all the curtains drawn. I work with vampires  #fb
@sofiaescobar you lucky thing! i'm stuck indoors cleaning out cupboards! 
@Kimli bleach if white, lots of hot hot water if not. If stain is old get oxyclean. I work in a bakery I know 
malas nak angkut the old,massive scanner to the lounge. 
FREEEEZING!!! The heaters aren't working!!  brrrrrrrrrr ;)
gym, shower, doctors, nap, essay...blah 
@timsgurlfurlife I'm still burning wood @ nite in the camp stove. I'll bet we're going straight from that to humid 90's. Arh-h-h! 
@tiffyhiggy: i got up early so i can take a shower and get ready before it gets to warm 
It couldn't possibly be any hotter in my sauna of an apartment 
2day ALMOST sucked &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; the vinyl that we (@devon_leigh &amp; @tpolk02) picked out 4 my kitchen chairs iz discontinued 
Hot water service died. Yay for a bucket! 
just took a shower and cut myself shaving  awww mannn. it stings!
Bout to wash dishes 
thinking about taking a lush bubble bath... but its just not the same without my hubby 
lights off  i will going to campus without enough shower, twat.
just went in the bathroom to find my beta fish flopping on the floor  how the hell did she manage to jump out of her bowl?!
skated, tired sweaty, gotta do laundry before a shower 
@jakks just texted you...then remembered about the rice bath 
broken glass in the kitchen- not fun, bad kitty.  
Just dropped my headphones in a cup of water  great
carrying this heavy bucket of water downstairs to wash my car 
finally headed to bed....cuddling my pillow 
@staceycmparker  Don't have a bathtub.
@technicolours dammit, found out again. can't kill you by poisoning the water supply or sneaking up on you with a knife  *lousy assassin*
So I woke up and the bell is ringing turn out its 3omaal for the washer :S malii 5lghom 
I taste of chlorine  
is doing housework 
My dishwasher is broken.   
@WongKinLeong i hate doing housework 
Going to have a shower now. Later math curse. 
@zbeauvais yeah R overflow 2 R toilet is chucking out water b/c ballcock is bust. landlord not returning my calls. 
Doing laundry.  Lots of it.
bathroom light broken i only put the bulb in the other week!!!!! have to bath in the dark now 
grrrrr! shower then chemistry revision it is 
@GabrielSaporta I'm sorry about your fridge that sucks 
just realised that i haven't switched the bedroom heater on and now i'll freeze my ass off when i go to bed 
@Kaasiaa i do not have a bath in my bathroom 
@WNBAFann ahh I had ur gift on the kitchen table and I forgot it!!!! i will bring it tomorrow 
Looking for light blue bedding, saw it online somewhere and didn't save it  Now I can't remember where it was...
@JewelsLB @recipecard @FatDaddySweets All I know is that I don't want to get in the shower now 
Turning my heater on by my desk.  
really need the loo 
I haven't pack my camp bag and i feel lousy,shit hole  I want to bath now,so damn warm,i want destroy everything that radiate heat!
I miss uni so much i need my ensuite and the kitchen gatherings 
hmm where is the plumber, i want my hot water back! 
So unmotivated to do all the housework 
@AbsoluteWrite enough with the 80s flashbacks already! I need mind bleach now. 
Doing chores 
I hit my head on the soap holder in the shower.  I have a big ol shiner to prove it. Who told them the make those stick out like that?!
doing laundry... 
feeling really nauseous, been sitting in the bathroom 
That shower sucked! i just found 5 mosquito bites I didn't know I had  ouch they buuurn
I'm reeking of chlorine. So embarrassing 
@VidaLaChiChi ugghhhh don't evn utter those words lol I've done the cleaning but gotta rework my closets and finish laundry 
@lukeunabomber tea, shower, pak bags, drive 2 yorkshire in rain, spend  exciting nite in w/ my mum, smell of mothballs putting me 2 zzz 
thinking about the housework 
I hate doing laundry.    Especially since I have to pay for it.
love the fact that i have a mattress that finally fits but its so hard  i want a bouncy mattress?
I need to brush my teeth and take a shower and change my clothes. But I just wanna sleep 
I'm cleaning the bathroom! 
you know its cold in your office when you have to huddle over a cup of hot water for warmth 
doing laundry 
@AshJolliffe awh noo  we're so cool with our backs, have a bath!!!
@MrRathbone you can wear morgning slipper, or take a hot baths or a shower, then you my can get worm. have you so could in your house? 
Trimming and handles day...  I might have to fire up the pellet stove, the studio is kinda cold 
I'm away from home so much that my pillows, blankets, &amp; sheets don't even smell familiar anymore. This is weird. 
just took a shower. now my hair is all wet! 
hates cleaning the bathroom, it doesn't help that it is all white. 
Pringles finished now  But don't worry it wasn't a whole tub lol!
@traceyheppner I know...my ankles are bad for that sometimes   I should do what you did the other day and soak in a tub with epsom salts!
bleaching my toilet. got bleach all over me of course. and now i have to pee and it says to wait 10 minutes 
I may not have swung the ax, but I feel like a murderer.  I need to go wash that feeling off of me now.
Who shat in my closet? 
I dropped my shoe in the sink.  now its wet.
tried to meet @amandapalmer in bathroom confessional.  fail 
gotta take shower now 
tired me having a shower soon  i have a cold 
@AyYoDaph what other errands do You have to dooo.? 
@muzzysgirl hey me too.......wait.....no tub 
Bwahhhh! I just dropped my gauge down the sink!  Ughhh, fml.
is doing laundry 
@kipkeston mini cooper. There's an suspicious oil/coolant mixture in the coolant overflow tank and there was no coolant left in the tank 
@jennaburgus thank you, that's so nice! I use that microwave sally hansen kit and it hurrrrrts, I don't like it! 
@iamchrisfields I know!!! I guess I will have to make do with my futon 
can't take a shower because water has electric current flowing through it 
Hotels.com is the devil I feel like when I take a shower someone is going to walk up and shank me 
I wish I'd remembered to put my pyjamas in the dryer earlier 
@SidneyKidney But we DID have fun! You didn't enjoy trying to figure out the sleeping bag sheet? And internet was free - loadsa $$$ here 
Just got dressed, I feel even more tired than I did before I got in the shower 
It's like winters back already  back to the kitchen I go.
@FireFly74 Awww  I dont mind. I have microwave facilities in my kitchen 
has just facebooked only 6 notifications.  lol just about to go to the toilet. then get some cereal. and then twitter more! brb
 i fell down the stairs LOL!  stoooopid straightener!
@odysseyqueen No pillow? So sad... 
@simikn yeeh n I need to have a shower now 
no hot water  had the coldest shower ever !
had a nice hot shower and need @adamtarca to straighten my hair 
dzien dobry! I just burned myself on the toaster, buuhuuu  It hurts haha!
Just found a water leak in my closet and so we hv to turn off our water so i cant take a shower!! 
brads on his way! (: i need a bath badly but the waters not hot enough yet 
still busily attacking the vat paperwork 
@adnagam to get warm, I'm freezing   I think I'mgoing to light the woodburner.
please tell me others put the detergent in the softener dish and the softener right into the clothes 
If it doesn't stop raining soon I may have to start cleaning the bathroom 
how annoying i got to do all the housework....i really can't be bothered!!! 
my electric toothbrush has been tamperd with i have to go back to using manual 
I'm bored  I could do housework, but why on earth would I want to do that? lol
@omgitschaz i miss melbs  glad to see you're maximising the use of your heater!
No more excuses: HAVE to clean the kitchen first 
Bout to wash dishes  ugh
Is now pwning the toilet.... 
must go do housework 
@cutecaboose my hubby hasn't built my clothesline yet... i will be putting mine in the dryer. 
Getting out the shower...too bad you didnt join me 
I hate nosebleeds... Especially right out of the shower 
Cleaning the kitchen 
@PoodaBayB: osn i just almost fainted in the shower. i hella don't feel good 
need to start packing up the dorm  &amp; studying!!
mmmmmtired. going to have a bath then eat fajitas. no time to nap i don't think 
i'm not such a fan of my cheap electric kettle any more. drinking hot water without tea, i can taste the plastic  need a non-plastic one
Out of a steaming bath, feeling sick. I want to go home and lie on my bedroom floor, 'cause I can't do that here!  It's too small!
Even with the snore extractor I'm tired 
@seille i got frikkin locked in the bathroom n it wouldnt turn...unless im slow 
@daveincarthage LOL - I run a motel, most people steal the shampoo and coffee, it's the dishes and towels that gets annoying 
My shower is broken 
There was def just an ant on my towel ugh 
oops! flooded my bathroom a bit. stupid shower 
@rachelandrew We were also told to open bathroom doors using paper towels. No stick-men involved in that one, though. 
@mandacrow No  I had to restart the computer and just downloaded 5 Brothers... I need to go get in the shower! haha
@joeygrana until monday when anastasia &amp; pete begin work in my kitchen &amp; laundry room. 
ugh the bath hates me i was jsut about to have a nice bath when the bath went bam and blew up 
cleaning the bathroom 
needs a shower , and is so bord 
I gotta work w/ epoxy / fiberglass to fix a thing on the hot tub pump. I never get to be a girl 
Doing laundry 
Why do I feel guilty for going to the bathroom? 
looking at this pile of laundry and my empty suitcase makes me think i should go to the laundromat rather than the concert 
@ahhitsaaron working..... i wish i was at the lakehouse too 
My headphones went through the wash... 
About to start doing laundry 
cleaning the bathroom! 
Is sitting at the laundry mat 
Drinking in the hot tub! Love'n it!!    Really do miss drew. 
@isilwath sad that hot tub isn't working 
@monkeysnuggles I've got mine washing right now.  Struggling with a detergent switch, hoping it cures some stink 
buying clothing racks &amp; soon my bedroom will look like alexander wangs studio!!! but with parque floors 
seriously need to buy a new oven mitt and stop using dish towels...cooking has become an extreme sport fraught with dangers and burns 
Sitting here drenched in my own sweat...need to take a shower...why did I wake up all sweaty? And why can't I sleep? 
@cutebutpsycho76 saw donnie by elevator and got a hug, saw him again when i was going to the laundry room. missed joe in hot tub though 
I put a glass of water in the fridge so it would get cold... now it tastes like fridge 
@AllieAKBSP @BiancaDao lol I had to put on pants to get water from the hall 
great shampoo leaked in my bag 
@schaeferj89 1)for nude spa 2)for not doing random chores he wnts me to do. but im sick so i shouldnt have to do chores i can barely move 
@amandadoan can i go in your tumble dryer? i'm still really wet 
sleepover with @karenontimz ... were soo tired, we seriously need coffee. hard at work with our clothing line 
i'm doing my laundry...huhuhu! 
Vomit doubleplay. Points taken away for poor technique such as waterfall-from-top-bunk or splatter-behind-bookcase. 2 sick kids 
throwing in the towel in 3.......2.......1..... 
Home doing laundry 
I'm debating the benefits of a shower. I would stop smelling bad, but also, no longer would the scent of female ejaculate &amp;smoke fill me. 
@ToastLopez not when it spills in a basket of clean towels... white towels... 
I've got a really deep cut from the sofa 
About to decorate the kitchen 
@TechboyUK sun's out here now  now have a bath room full of wet bike and kit...!
laundry, shinin' up my golf clubs.. missing sugar 
housework 
Opps never realised how messy the kitchen was ... should've seen behind the fridge/freezer 
I am dying of tirednesss. I just want a pillow 
off to do the chores....... 
@FollowJocelyn sorry it fell off  you can try duct tape like she suggested or bandaids...
Bout to go wash clothes...boring 
Ouchies! I hit my head inside the washer, trying to make sure no clothes get left behind 
tossing &amp; turning all night, plus my backs killlllllllling me. Jacuzzi's warming up, I hope it helps! 
i was taking a shower and i slipped, then as i was falling i grabbed onto the shower curtain and i ended up hitting my head  lol
just found some blood on one of my towels, that bitch lied to me....she was on her period 
i have to go to the bathroom but i just painted my nailssssss. 
load of laundry #5 in the washer - only one has been folded though 
I think the intake pump on our dishwasher has died. 
And there it goes again  This electricity is up and down like a whore's drawers!
I hate sittin under the dryer 
Having my midnight shower and get ready to sit in front of my computer again...  http://myloc.me/2Vnh
i'm freezing in here, gotta get the hot-water bag out haha it was supposed to be warm? 
....stilll doing laundry...... 
just painted my nails.. but now i have to wait to take a shower  so eating pita bread then maybe with my boy t?
i just sprayed myself with the hose. and now i wet  *&amp;&amp;X?
My dad has put all of my hand-wash lay-flat-to dry undergarments in the dryer! All kinds of ahhh! 
@ecotouch Local @WholeFoods doesn't have your very cool waterless car wash on their shelves. 
I really must do the ironing now 
@TraumaAddict  Hrmpf...I'm in the same laundry boat 
Bubble baths are so comforting. I miss @markiedee 
I need a bathing suit 
wishes kim would hurry up &amp; finish her shower, it's raining &amp; i really need the loo 
laundry's done... but sun's not out... what to do what to do... i have another 2 loads to do 
i have to clean up the kitchen before i can watch the S1 finale. 
broke down and cleaned tub without aid of topless maid. 
mybackhurts!  just got back from britt's wedding shower
still has more chores to do. 
ugh, how could i forgot my glove full of water with an eyeball in it!? 
i'm such an idiot. i just drank some water from a mug. mum must have sprayed air freshener in the room and on the water. now i'm choking. 
I was taking my dishes out of the washer, and i cut myself....it hurts so bad! 
take a bath very cool on this morning, i need a warm. suddenly i miss you mom. kangen pelukan mama 
i hate doing laundry, but if i want bass lessons, i gotta do it 
@whisk I think the dryer at the apartment building is broken - I actually had to go to my parents and dry my laundry, right at 1 
Wish I had my duvet with me  boo
@LAXMURDA  There was bleach next to the bathtub and i debated pouring it in 
just cremated my supper  here's hoping that my smoke detector doesn't go off!
@natneagle enjoy your bath sweetie. i looked but didn't see anything that looked related to you. 
I do not like the smell of my shampoo... 
@smeykunz If you mean is there any showering going on, NO.  
@JTVincent  I miss the candle kettle
washing 2 4x6 rugs in a washing machine was not a good idea 
@ebonyeeee i was leaning against my dresser &amp; it fell off 
But i won't because 1. That's extremely lame to do by yourself. . . And 2. We only have one roll of toilet paper left. 
bish just drank all my lemon ice tea!  if i'm in prison tomorrow it won't be for drowning brock in the kitchen sink!
has a mammoth V and is at work but would prefer to be at home with her hot water bottle and doona boots 
my room still smells from the bubbler water I spilled  save me por favor!
i want to take a bath.. some times i wish we didn't have a spa. 
just finished washing a big pile of dirty laundry, gotta pack for the trip to langkawi later and my is body is aching 
No hot water as the boiler is unwell 
on my pillow. i'm soo sleeppyyy 
@AndrewAesthetic i couldn't really sleep either. it feels like i just fell asleep and now i'm already up again for a shower 
Currently working in the waste water treatment part of the plant, filthy horrible dirty place. I now own a black macbook pro 
I think I might bring my duvet cover downstairs. I really am freezing 
P.s. Stillllll don't know what happened to my chapstick. 
Just woke up covered in sweat with a 101.9 temp 
trying to get a wash with bottled water, awefull , just awefull 
my tumble dryer is taking the mick again 
A little boy put his dog down the toilet. Awww he only wanted to give him a wash  Awww.
Waiting at a train station, trying to work out the quickest way home. Toilets are closed and i just drank 2 bottles of water 
Still trying to track down the water leak in the basement.  I think it's coming from the water heater 
lovely weather!...today my water bottle leaked all over my bag and books 
soooooooooo hungry!  i want my leftover mac'n'cheese now!!!  still 40 min left for this stain + training at 130 first... 
Doing my ironing I left it 2 long before doing it now it's piled up 
Just got doing cleaning the bathrooms now just need to mop and I'm done cleaning ! I have laundry to do too 
doing laundry... 
my stove just burnt me  no fun!
Off to the laundrette as our washing machine has (literally) blown up.  
@KissaHasRSD about to go do my chores    but thatss ok. u?
well i got the workout clothes on and the laundry switched..and she's up again!!!!!  
Is on the sofa watching C.S.I &amp; chilling out . Not happy with the looming cold 
can't use the bathroom cause it's being fixed right now! 
Why does my hairbrush always go missing right when I need to use it 
i hate doing laundry... 
EcoNoSense: Have the largest tripledeck, to keep left overs in the fridge for 5 days to toss them right after the collection truck passed 
Dive bar restrooms are cleaner than the restrooms at work. 
just finished sorting laundry 
Still being a domestic godess - clothes washed and packed, check. hoovering, check. washing, check. mopped floors... not yet 
Waaaaaa cleaning my dusty room gave me a stupid rash  hate being alergic...
My shower has been postponed 
@thefraudster Aw put the aftersun in the fridge. It'll make it 10 times more soothing 
just dropped the scenekick in the washer 
Bout to get in the shower cuz I'm sweaty... ugh 
@GADBaby it is bad that I am going to actually miss diapers  #clothdiapers
Going to take a bath. really not feeling good 
I am completely bitten by mosquitoes from a photo shoot in the woods tonight. I hope a bath later will stop the itching! 
get prescription, clean bathroom, study 
@dresdnbombshell we don't have a dryer at the hotel. 
Ironing...my least favorite household chore...next to hand washing delicates 
http://tinyurl.com/lrq87p Who bathes a puppy in a toilet? 
Sitting here at the kitchen table - wishing this was a household of 3 instead of 2  I'm sad and lonely...
Bout to clean the kitchen 
it's so damn hot in this apartment. too bad i have to make up for my roommate's overuse of electricity by sitting in a sauna myself. 
@DCdebbie  wish i'd have seen earlier, i'd have come and gotten you before i got in the middle of a shower and putting on calamine
Is 200 miles from my pillow. 
@zakhansonfan i can't stand when i pull all the clothes out of the dryer, to see one wet sock on the floor.  fail.
Doesn't feel good, not flu sick, jus not top notch, i wanna take a hot bath, but i have no tub.  
Not feeling well; need a major backrub right about now. 
@guttedgeek Am hugging my heater...even if it is wonky after peeps sat on it... 
i wish i wasnt too lazy to turn off my bedroom light 
off to have a shower..off to the vet soon.. 
@dejanaykeyera look you jumping bean! I was in the shower..and i just got out and called u but u didnt answer. Some sister you are!!  
@TheCupcakeNinja I even got him the coolest fish tank as a get well gift!  It didn't help.  (it was a joke blender aquarium)
Ahh my tummy  I'm gonna throw my heating pad into the microwave.
So we did have sex, &amp; a nap &amp; I'm going to the gym except that all the dryers in the apartment are broken and my work out pants are damp 
There is a huge spider in my bathroom and i'm too scared to kill it. 
No bed or sofa to crash 
contemplating housework 
Oh how I wish I could afford a cleaner, ssooo much housework &amp; ironing, don't know where to start 
never ending laundry awaits me.  
Not being able to take a shower because of a water main break I assume! 
must go wash dishes 
need to go grocery shopping, do the laundry, take a shower and do my nails after work... why can't it be 5pm already? 
I can't use my fridge when I hot-desk 
staying in-house has its pluses and minuses...especially when they don't put in your washer dryer 
better go and clean the bathroom 
http://twitpic.com/7jdsu - They ripped apart our salon  but were getting all new furniture
so it seems I forgot to throw my clothes in the dryer, and they were left in the washer all night 
someone spilled my entire bottle of shampoo all over the bathroom i know it wasn't me because i haven't showered since sunday 
hard to do w/o closets 
My back is killing me cuz i just helped rick carry a dryer and washer up a few steps and into the laundry room 
It's so hot and humid in this classroom. Why didn't I bring any water? 
Finally left the kitchen chair to sit in mom's lap. Mostly because she's eating and I want some but she won't share 
@KevinKer Rough.  We spent 2+ hours removing tile from a 1' x 3' hearth. hah. and the actual fireplace is crooked.  Only 2 lessons so far 
showeeer, getting ready, running errands.. should be with @tross24 
just broke my coffeepot 
well you guys i have to go do some chores bye 
more trim painting in the kitchen.   So sick of this.
Home from work and need to have a shower cos i stink of chlorine! Lots to do before monday though 
I forgot my own shampoo/conditioner...I keep getting whiffs of the hotel brand. eick! I also forgot socks  workout this am... not pleasant
Doing laundry...   
goin to fix dryer hose at townhouse, no renters yet   
fixing the stupid gutters 
had a bath 10 mins ago, and im already BOILINGGGG!    x
So glad I can find my bathing suit 
I am battling a persistent mothball smell in a wallet...the mothballs are winning 
@tomyumgoong All public bathrooms are creepy 
opening a tuna can and the water went all over my clothes. That should be a nice fragrance for everyone to smell on me tonight 
i am ready to take a shower, so hot in caborca 
I hope they don't jack my soap 
@amybear7  that calls for a nice warm bath.
@mskathy I haven't had enough time for a bath (opposed to showers), since before I had kids. 
I have to boil water on the stove cause our kettles broken 
@fiyacrackaa i tanned .. but then i took a shower and now it seems like my tan went away 
@tomyumgoong at least no one turned the lights off on you D: some lady did that while i was still in the bathroom at fung's kitchen 
@stupendous stupid gas stoves...sneaky bastards! also, never put a clothing fire out with your hand 
@censorphoto I don't know how to use the washing machine 
there was a spider in my shower 
#haveyouever seen a meteor shower?...i haven't 
Just finished taking a shower, my stomach was playing tricks on me... I guess it's bcuz I was drinking soda, which I shouldn't btw. 
Sitting under the dryer...blah... I want round tables immediately 
im majorly exhausted but still have to clean the kitchen, do the dishes, clean my bathroom, and take a shower before going to bed. 
omg my stupid shower cd player broke down on me right at the end of declaration...i hate taking a shower without cooks cd playing 
saw a spider in my shower and didn't kill it. now i'm freaking out 'cause it could be anyyywhere! 
#haveyouever dropped the soap in your own shower at home and still been scared to pick it up..... 
 qettin in da shower ;; without @xraytid kuz he hurt my feeLinqz
I don't think I should have put my down comforter in the washing machine 
Possibly allergic to new deodorant 
My mattress is so heavy, I can't lift it by myself to put my freshly washed sheets onto it 
Just took an artic shower...brr..I think the water heaters broken  wth?????
I hope my dryer didn't break!  I have laundry to do..
The spider in my kitchen seems so confused. 
Just got back from the stables and watched AKaye's pics! They're lovely! gonna take a shower and head to school 
@SandiMon it is a sty? they look and feel awful   one of my kids get those - don't pop it - it will pop itself, but a warm washcloth helps
cried buckets! 
Redesigning the supersonic nozzle...will need to get it fabricated again 
Wohooo new kitchen is now going in !!! What a mess already   
The upside to cleaning out the fridge before holiday is no smelly fridge on arriving home. The downside is, no food in the fridge. 
The watercompany has shut down our water supply. No shower. no coffee. no toothbrushing! 
#haveyouever stepped in a tray of paint? 
Just had a fight with a mattress. The mattress won 
My mum is asking me to take a bath now. I don't want to. pleasepleaseplease 
Staring into my fridge for 5 minutes...nothing I want to eat for breakfast  I did find some bobby pins in my freezer though..random
pleased to have my new kitchen scales as my others got destroyed in a freak incident involving my gas hob..can still smell melted plastic 
sat on my sofa with a sprained ankel 
I just got out of the shower and I want to crawl back in bed. 
better hang up the washing 
I want to sit in a cupboard and hide away... 
checked out of hudson, awful nights sleep, air conditionig in tiny room caused extreme dry nose and massive zit 
@Russticles It was a small fridge. Now I have to share my big one 
being a freelancer is difficult when you get important calls and you're in the bathroom 
My cat shit in my shower. 
I guess I poisend myself by cleaning the bathroom. 
@LRWinLA I forgot to put the top on the pot so the water sat in the filter 
I want my bathroom back 
I've lost my hairbrush 
I should start doing chores now. ungh. 
irons mountains of laundry !! uuuufff 
@KatyH100 I was just caught out in a shower with no coat and no brolly  but those high speed hand dryers are also good on clothes!!
ugh out the shower n freezing I need a blankie 
is putting dirty dishes in the dishwasher...gag 
I have lost my desk somewhere in my storage closet 
relaxin and doin laundry  ugg laundry
did dishes and washed tabletops. I personnaly hate it when I'm using a spray bottle of cleaner and the sprayer doesn't work. 
@BradtheGleek I want a huge bucket of legos 
i wanna have a bubble bath! but that's hard to do in a shower... 
Even though I'm sick there is still housework to do... 
Public restrooms disturb me 
I just stubbed my toe, then I reached out to steady myself and knocked a glass of water over, tried to catch it and slipped in the water. 
why is nobody hiring??  going to make smores on my gas stove &lt;3
@lagina we mustve been in an old part the bathrooms were tiny and no fancy dryer! 
there's a huge bug in the kitchen but my cat is too lazy to catch it!!!  *sigh*  now I can't get my orange juice out of the fridge 
i don't feel good  i think i'm going to taking a warm bath.
Just got the awakening and a henna tat.  going to the hot tub soon...i miss justin too much 
@placentalady My placenta accidentally thawed out when our freezer died.  
Forogt my toothbrush 
@jskaphobe Haha, awesome. The shower couldn't wait though. I changed the litter box as well, which ruined the lemon smell 
I am becoming so bored...just took a shower...ahhh 
@handsheldhigh I'm going to brush him again tomorrow, and give him a foam bath. He has some clumpies I have to trim out... 
Taking a looooong hot bath in hopes that it will make me feel better  still sick.
Sleeping on the grass is nice, but not when you're sleeping on a wet towel 
http://twitpic.com/7opfv - this was the lakehouse we were SUPPOSED to go to, now we have to go to a different one.. i'll miss you 
I can't find my chapstick 
I really need to clean my showerhead. 
@kerusdotorg  but it just looks so godawful. Makes me think of regurgitation and the bottom of a toilet bowl. 
*sigh* She still won't eat or drink. She keeps walking slowly back to her spot in front of the kitchen sink. Why won't she drink water? 
I'm feeling cold so I'm putting on a jumper and slippers (not the heating!!!!). I'm sure it's not actually cold I must just still be ill 
I am NOT in a good mood.. breakfast, shower, lots of running around! ugh 
@benSHIKARI but i put my red bull in the fridge while i had a bath and he poured it out and filled it with coffee  that is bullying 
oh good. i just cooked myself a pizza and then dropped it face down on the kitchen floor  
I don't want to get up   dragging myself to the shower then off to the salon
@jlgray I would say so. Whites should be somewhere between fridge temp and room temp, but even restaurants don't do well w/serv temps. 
So much housework 
threw my back out drying my legs after the shower   this sucks 
@ScruffyPanther 2 hours in the shower? You really have died, haven't you? 
I can't find my deodorant 
 no dishwasher
@xsparkage Going to have a long hot bath and then relax infront of the TV. I need a strapless bra  No luck so far.
#threadless I wish I were wearing Roughin' It, but I'm definitely staying in cleaning bathrooms today. 
@zainababy lmao!!! what's with the kitchen mishaps todaY?! u and @zwagger can't win for losing 
After surveying the kitchen, I think I'll just go hungry. 
Just cleaned out our kitchen bin...I fear for my life 
does NOT want to clean out her closet!!! 
There's a distinct lack of anything in my fridge/freezer other than Mullerlight. 
@ChaniiChan laundry  lol wyd ?
Boiling water for a ghetto bath - we're out of oil  http://twitpic.com/7qhvx
about to do chores 
BOOOOOO!!..... cleaning my rooom.....  
 space? prep surfaces? to not have to vacuum after cooking? (flooring instead of carpet, maybe?) I love my place but not the kitchen.
@_Gemmaa_   or we could drop a mentos into it a waste of coke sorta but worth it, just had a shower an burned my leg with the hair dryer! 
@dean_cummings Leaped into a full washing up bowl...  
Is going to buy a new dryer 
my shower has made me realise what fat thighs I have 
Nonetheless, I'm so excited to have a 3rd surgery.  They're so horrible!!  I actually was crying in the shower while ago.      
@AlpanaWeaver - I'm trying to bring her out and tempt her to eat with warm baths and nice-smelling food, but no joy so far 
@DwightHoward you never took me up on my offer for me to do your laundry when you were in cleveland.  i totally would've.
thinks she may be out of it more than she realizes; just put the electric tea kettle on the gas stove.    fire!  danger!
got home hoping for a nice hot bath but the boiler is dead  i have confirmed case of manflu which is worse when you add the hayfever 
@jemjem1983 LOL no the shower is in their ensuite. And it's a power shower so it's loud. 
i burned my finger in hot water cleaning the kitchen 
is very unhappy. there is a whole can of crisco on my kitchen carpet  http://plurk.com/p/1207j0
Recovering after dropping the shampoo bottle on my toe   OUCHIE!
has to wait for her sibs to go take a shower before she does 
i've put it off long enough i need to go clean the kitchen  i hate cleaning. getting a maid when i move out lol
@erikistired haha I know. I had important errands to run before 7..now I can't. 
Visiting Kates mom  some poor woman tripped on a caution sign walking out of the bathroom... Iiironyyyyy xD
@hma4983 I know! No washer n dryer  I refuse to use laundry mat so I'm doing it at my inlaws.
You know when you hold a stick in the water and it looks bent? That's why I don't take baths  
Death to my toe by a shampoo bottle...owwwwiiieeeeeee 
I just did all the yardwork 
what a mess.  spilt popcorn kernals all over the kitchen floor.
@purplepleather i just went to the bathroom..i had too many close calls lmao...depends mayhem? (kimo dont like piss play in the bedroom) 
I'm tired  I need to clean my closet..
@vonbelmont  sadly with a glass of water from the fridge 
bout to tke a shower and lay it down alone  lol so good nite all
-poop. I need $4.95! I want those music sheets soooo bad. 
Where's my chapstick? 
#inaperfectworld i wouldn't have dropped my crackberry in the washing machine 
waitin to take a shower.... 
@rehmxo wethought you ditched us we didnt no you were in the bathroom crying!!! 
take a bath and washing my clothes. 
I passed out in the shower  .
They stole my pillow(s) 
I'm pissed off omg I guess I blow some steam off in the tub rev run style I miss bunny 
just might breaknight  freaking laundry
@InKatlinsPahnts so did i  i think she's somewhere in my closet O.o
Why do I feel so guilty about killing ants in my kitchen? They don't pay rent... 
right, that bathroom floor won't clean itself! what a life i lead... 
i feel like were on tour again my washing machine has just died and i have to wash all my clothes in the shower 
@dopeydee suny here, but its too cold yet  sofa too comfy lol
@CzarinaBianca I need new headphones too. I left my in the washer and dryer. 
housework 
@Olllala sorry I threw a hairbrush at you 
My toaster has just blown up 
Last night my dog just wouldn't dookie during our walk.  Probably still constipated from eating the kitchen linoleum.  
everyone used up the hot water! i had to have a cold shower 
looking at my lame sump pump and the 1/2 inch of water in my basement 
bench top is in, no taps or cooking utensils in kitchen 
its raining, the washing is out n im in my pjs, wat do i do 
I've had my shower now bu I can't be bothered do anymore  I'm rather unhappy again.
Apparently I smell like smoke but the shower still doesn't work! Wish we still had a bath 
getting a shower then going to the ortho... 
about to do my chores         
More job hunting out in this hot hot weather. Then it's off to pick up my prints from the print shop. I wish my shower was fixed. 
just woke up. mad rush for shower, laundry and errands. 
water...Waterrrrr..WAterrrr...WATerrrr....WATErrr...WATERRRR...!!! oki doki i have a bath! too much heat 
I do wish it would stop raining so I could complete the spray paint on my custom transformer. 
aspirin+tayberry water = :S disgusting 
i just tried to eat but couldn't- i ended up over the toilet. wtf is wrong with me 
Because of the damn humidity, the bathroom is the nicest smelling place in the house because of the snaps and shampoos 
My hands smell like dish washer soap again  and I learned how to cut watermelon 4 the kids LOL
Needs to go to the bathroom quick. 
...I want my normal closet back. 
I think unpacking to pack again may be counter-productive. I miss my washing machine. 
I fucking hate laundry. 
just got out of the shower and i have hiccups idk why 
I don't want to clean my kitchen.  
at the salon. Under the dryer... The worst part of it all 
my shower/bath was re-enameled yesterday. They told me that I can't use it for three days  I need more sleep &amp; chocolate.
I have an endless pile of laundry and my closet is almost full 
Doing the dishwasher 
i'm hungry... what to eat.  hate to dirty up my kitchen after i just cleaned.    maybe just pick up some junk.
@ddcash enjoy one for me, my fridge is bare 
and my pillow 
Just smashed my perfume all over the bathroom floor. 
There's water in my basement.  
@abczoomom Doesnt have water in door, but does dispense ice in the freezer. (no crushed though  )  We added a water filter to our sink
I hate that feeling when I'm smoking a square and then I really have to use the bathroom! 
I need a towel for my shower and I can't find one 
@pinkpprheart: I know, but we are in a rush and have no access to showers or sinks or nothin'. 
doing housework 
I still smell of bleach.  I think it penetrated the gloves and absorbed directly into my soul 
@TXBrad and the toilet is clogged and overflowing.. not great for puking in. 
I cleaned the whole guest bedroom and bathroom, lit yummy smelling candles, was totally ready for a nice girls night 
its shower time. and i wish the hubzz was here to go in wit me  he knows just how much shampoo n conditioner to use on my hait
whatever is cooking in our kitchen is making my allergies act up 
Still waiting to get my thermostat fixed 
sucked up nearly 20 gallons of water from the basement already...by the sounds of it, we're luckier than some tonight 
@the_lyn   i'd totally let you use my washer/dryer.  it'd just take three rounds of drying to dry one load.
ugh I am literally the king of passing out early...left my laundry in the dryer in the basement for HOURS and missed a party in 2E 
We need a new sofa! 
@thelastressort The parts that I'm not listing much of though is I've cleaned the whole kitchen and am now moving on to the bathroom 
@saharlestrange awwww  is he/she not wearing diapers???
doing laundry 
I don't sit on public toilet seats 
o take out in the shower. 
You're fucking kidding me right? This whole time I thought my makeup was at home in my bathroom and...it wasn't. Dried up unused mascara 
16:00 now. I wanna go to the bathhouse and have a shower, but it's raining and I don't have an umbrella. 
@boxdog I don't mean to seem insensitive; it's just... too risky.   Also not as good for a bath's relaxing properties, I'd imagine.
@MUseSIC120  try a hot bath...
@jedfitch I spent 2-3 hours making my house perfect xD I wish they did the hot tubs though! I miss them from the first two games 
Just lost my bathroom bag with al my amenities and my Nerelco 
@vickinicole fold laundry?? I wish my gf would do that  the master bedroom floor is her hamper 
lolo said i can't use my aircon.   i need to take a shower again .. it's so freaking hot.
went to sleep to loud music (not my choice) and just took the coldest shower of my lifeee 
Hot water doesn't work...getting it replaced.  Of course this is delaying my shower.  And I have to be ready to work in 13 minutes. 
spa is heated but no friends to share my drinking in a hot spa while its pouring rain.     
Girr I always get woke up.  I guess im going to take a shower.
put ipod in the washing machine  silly me!
@hapepy I think I left/dropped it in the lib bathroom 
Taking a shower     |_?0
Doing the laundry 
i'm outta tha shower, but i can't be botherd getting ready. the shower made me more tired. baah 
@francescaa i don't use the tub. it's too small 
@will2live unless you fall off   I used to sleepwalk as a child and bunk beds were evil
poopy we arent going to the 4 floors mall 
@schaeferj89 i no  she deat rolled the blanket so im currently in the kitchen finding another 1
@c0rtana I am not the only one with hands tainted with ant-blood!  @PyronIkari distributed the poison, a.k.a. Febreeze.
Just cleaned out my closet! It took forever and it's still full!! 
did three washings and cleaning the kitchen. nice day off 
up finally...food...then tons of laundry.  boo  laundry sucks
@kneeeeecole yes you do... Currently I'm sleeping on a mat, I need to get my mattress foam, I know how you feel 
Now i have to do chores.... hoorah. 
@vickinicole we have yet to develop a system for laundry.  lol
My washing machine is making a whimpering noise like a lonely dog 
Off to have a bath! (I want a new shower) 
do just had a short but heavy shower  on our nearly ready hay
http://twitpic.com/7xeo8 - I cant go to the restroom on this... 
usually i just find a bunch of guitar picks left over in the washer or dryer. not cash. 
neeeed the loo so bad it hurts 
doing laundry and going to see hangover by myself tonite 
I didn't realize how much I'd miss having a dishwasher 
doing my laundry 
taking a shower and getting ready to go to town square. paula just left. i'm too busy to live. 
@dts1970 Yes   It's a good job my bathroom isn't carpeted   Not too much damage in the kitchen fortunately.
Ugh.. I want a new bathing suit but don't have $50 for a new one!! 
might have to go for a shower now, but its 11:37 
oh lord, finished with the bathroom, now on to the kitchen.  sore all over!
There's a big dead moth in my bath 
taking a quick shower... i wish i was in dallas 
NOW I am taking a shower then cleaning my roooom. 
I have to go and get some gatorade...water is not doing much anymore. 
Just took a shower.  The combo of heat and nausea are not making me a happy camper---ugh!!! 
@jo_jo_ba I couldn't find anyone for Cuisinart on here. 
No robyn sparkles in the bathroom.  
I am a dirty, sweaty mess from working on the bathroom.  And the only tub in the house is not done nor operating.  I cannot shower. 
Would love to take a hot shower.  But now have to wait for more hot water.  Someone beat me to it 
@nycblondi13 haha no I was in the shower and missed him when he @ replied me 
@robyngallagher care to clean my house, wash my clothes, make me soup and felt three scarves? Too many things to do today 
don't like it when the boys keep taking towels out of the cupboard and then when I need one there are none left 
is surrounded and filth  I wish i had a mop and lux...
the pool was awesome i was there for two hours got home took a shower then went to mcdonalds and now my stomach hurts 
wants a trampoline! i miss bouncing. also, a hot tub and a pool. also, a car air freshener. and a nice, summer tan. needy needy, 
@mysheli i love to bake but our kitchen is tiny. 
Oh yea! And i put the wrong soap in the dishwasher and cut my foot. 
missed grease 1.. not a fan of grease 2 
the basement smells 
@itsjustmeghan i think you need more detergent in the water if it's still greasy 
@BasseCopette building a brand new walk in shower, pressure tested it for two weeks no leaks, now its fully tiled and water everywhere 
Just got out of the shower i miss roger already! 
i got introuble by mummy again  i went for a shower in her bathroom and the mirror got all fogged, so i drew all over it :L
My mom took away my space heater 
The cupboards are bare 
Just flooded the bathroom why can't things go right?  x
hm.. bad wheather...  i need a shower 
busting for the loo but cant be bothered to get out of bed 
pffft has to do the ironing ! very exciting 
Laying on my sofa... Not feeling very good 
I HATE washing up. With a passion. There always seems to be a really sharp knife hidden under all the foam in the sink that cuts you! 
Donesky my ironing!! woohooo Just floors need sweeping and mopping 
hopping in the shower &amp; then going back to sleep. thinking about my lover. I miss her 
@rahhchell transformer blew  no shower or straightener for me before I go to delgrossos 
I'm lazy to change my bedsheets, please do it for me 
Its 6:18am on a sunday and i have already folded a load of laundry, emptied the dishwasher and taken a shower... im so lame 
the dishwasher exploded.  absolutely exploded 
Off to clean out my goldfish as he is sulking in dirty water 
@sippinkrystal i miss wendy loo 
There was a zombie in the bathroom 
Unloading the dishwasher 
Doing chores 
really miss my vaporizer  For all u stoners, i highly recommend vapolution vaporizers. But don't leave them in the car in desert heat ;)
Missing my bed net  And doona/duvet. And pillows, and their cases. And mattress. And the weather.
is doing laundry and cleaning 
wonka peed in the kitchen  but he waited to poo outside, although i think he was trying to tell me he needed to go out and i didnt realize
I don't think I can handle any chlorine for awhile. 
chores stink 
Is really frustrated right now and is abbout to go in the bathroom and cry. 
let's see, worked in the yard, cleaned walls &amp; bathrooms, then went to clean carpet &amp; bissell broken  won't suck up water so now mud waaah
A 5-gallon bottle of chemically-treated water cracked and spilled all over my clothes. That'll teach me to wear a lab coat 
My chapstick melted 
and now the hot water knob in the shower is broken. I wish i hadn't signed the lease! I'd so move 
I HATE public restrooms 
Drying my clothes at the laundry mat... stupid dryer broke 
i have to clean the kitchen chores are boring!! 
wishes she had a working bathtub so she can take a relaxing bath.  
So uh warm toilet seats creep me out   *im on a boat*
My only lipstick died in the dryer 
Just walked a carful of heavy boxes into the new apt...By myself...in work clothes...up 3 flights of stairs...it's 100+ degrees outside. 
Loads today: 3 of dishes and 2 of laundry....my poor hands. 
I hate, hate, hate having to do laundry in the laundry room.  I miss having a washer and dryer in my house!  
@LuckieStarZ damn I can't watch it. I'm unda the dryer 
I feel so much better after a shower...feel bad Daddys so uncomfortable 
R.I.P. - my laptop, may you forever live happily away from the clutches of evil cups of water that mothers can knock over 
forgot to sunscreen my belly  it's not too red, but i fear my shower may not be as relaxing is it usually is
@IlanRubin in europe the bathrooms are made odd and quite small. Some places u have to pay to use the toilet 
Just hopped out of the shower and probably needs to start working on some clothes...not fun 
My bathing ape phone cleaner is gone 
is bloody ironing again 
clean my room, wash the dog, clean the backyard, vaccuum the couch, dust the bookcases, etc...3 days off work=3 days of house chores 
rooms almost done. then laundry, dishes, nd a shower. pretty bummed i wont be goin to the city tonight 
to clarify, i do not own the straightener. this was the blowdryer.  anyway, back to quest then mani/pedi, tanning, what else is in store!?
Today's bridal shower cake - I'm upset because it cracked in transport.  http://twitpic.com/87cf5
Just stuck my finger in goldfish tank, if it was a bath I'd probably say it was too hot, hope they don't boil! 
@EverythingEads been doing laundry also 
water heater broke. no hot water till the plumber gets here. 
is outa the bath and all ready for bed with his pj bottoms on!!  i just need someone to snuggle up with now 
just took a hot relaxing bubble bath. now about to go babysit . 
*crying* I just burned my haaaand!!!!!!! How am I supposed to know the glass container next to the stove was hot?! 
my plumbing is being fixed now i gotta take a cold shower i really dont want to 
I'm off and headed straight home and into the shower cuz the sun and chlorine did a number to my skin 
@etamayo skyline is confusing. i got lost looking for the bathroom. 
really wants to take a bath, but the tub hasn't been thoroughly cleaned in a while.  Aaand I really don't want to clean it right now.
no bathroom nearby holding it is the only option. prairie digging it 
cleaning the kitchen 
I'm officially kicked out of the kitchen.. 
I want to take a bath, but I don't have anything clean to change into 
I needddd booty massage!!!! The horse back riding fucked me up!!!  (currently soaking n the hot tub but I need a man hands)
It's never good when a crayon gets in the dryer.  Now all our whites are blue. 
from here on out, im leaving the nail clipping to the professionals. im sorry for the blood bath holly 
What am I going to do when I no longer have a washer/dryer in my own home? I hate the laundry mat! 
@KristenJStewart hey chilling on the sofa is great, i must sit in the classroom, because in austria it is 8:11 am  
I want to sleep but stupid dryer didn't dry my clothers 
@MelissaLJonas i forgot the picnic rug hahaha daaayum. I wish i stayed off i dont want to go to the soup kitchen 
EUGH.. I forgot about the 'last glass' being STUPIDLY strong with the leftover floaties :/ almost puked.. not cool..  ...I'm hunngrryyy...
I lost my toothbrush 
one more left...so close, so tired, so cold I desperately want to turn the heater on but if I do, I'm falling straight back to sleep 
@watera my heating element blew up, its an old system  I would if I had the tub, guess I'll have to settle for a saucepan haha
@Looseend much appreciated though need boiler service as well as basic plumbing - his page doesn't show heating stuff 
I want a shower... but I know the hot water will run out as soon as I get comfortable though  What to do, what to do.
-- I think I broke the heater 
i miss my short hair  shower. bed. relax. i should order my books for school.
spent all day cleaning my spa, crystal clear water BUT now the heater won't work 
@rattlebrain  lovely. I got half a rat in a pool of blood a few weeks back.stepped on it in bare feet when coming downstairs for a snack 
i just burnt my supper, the whole kitchen is one big ball of smoke  fucking internet.
@anz_rocks19 i'm ok.....had to sort out the wshing machine as soaked the soap drawer in bleach. was mould infested!! 
I suppose I should get out of bed and shower. 
stupid greys anatomy...now im on my couch in my pink bath robe crying like a baby 
@Sarahjaynee i have no idea  my mums trapped downstairs &amp; i'm trapped upstairs. but my mums lucky &amp; gets the fridge. :[
@fcandle i used to have blackberry,then accidently it was fell to the closet 
laundry.... dreary dreary laundry 
@nothingstatic @BodyworksLancPA i got water in it last night listening to music while cleaning the underside of our porch roof 
it feels absolutely terrible passing out in the bathroom 
says I cant do my own laundry anymore.  http://plurk.com/p/13vvsw
getting ready to paint my bathroom cabinets 
housework is calling 
I'll definitely missed the net, the aircon and many stuffs when I stayed on the dorm already.. 
@jcm2009 i was listening to music while cleaning the underside of my porch roof. ipod got wet 
Just slipped and fell in the bathroom.     
@Vespere Exactly!   Not on the new kitchen knives... a shitty plastic lid LOL
has just done the washing up for my mum and just got my foot drenched with water 
cleaning my closet. @achen92 knows how messy it is 
I'm really hurt.  ganna go take a shower...
taking a shower 
Just had my bath. 
Off to have a shower 
@disciplex The coffee machine is in the kitchen, just to the left of the sink 
Going to the toilet cause I have to take a leak for over an hour now. 
to fucked to have a shower yet  might watch some skins first 
has just had a shower and its feeling good 
Just had a shower was nice 
is sweaty after a hard wok out so off 4 a shower!!!!!  x
just had a lush bath 
@JenntheRed I get it...like a cold shower with just a little hot thrown in??? 
@couponldyonline you're lucky- my husband makes the washing machine explode just by looking at it.  
bubble bath was so nice 
mm a warm conservatory is a nice place for a nap  also jess once called it a convertable by accident :p bless 'er cotton socks x
in the shower, breakfast,  and then gathering hair/makeup supplies to do make my girls look beautiful for prom! 
@Jatty07 lol that will take me 20mins! ill go to the freezer its quicker 
@tommcfly ooh yeah , take a shower is good 
looking forward to seeing the #blockparty entries tonight, in the meantime halo wars, coding, laundry, and cat entertaining 
I can't wait to use my new toilet!!!!  
I'm taking the most relaxing bath ever! 
At jfk in the British Airways lounge, going to take a shower in the spa 
fixin the kitchen sync 
@gypsyraven I remember that tub!  
watching bride wars &amp; doing laundry 
@THEsaragilbert  read... take a walk ... twitter lol ... a nice hot shower and a good book seems to work the best though 
...I'm .. doing my laundry right now..  
I can hear a kettle brewing downstairs. Laterz! 
gunna go shower and bee all clean 
4am warm water rub down for the prince  it relaxes him!
LOL since you come out of the shower 
@JonathanRKnight I was wondering.....would You fancy helping Me fit my new kitchen?  x
Having a nice relaxing cup of tea in bed having put the washing on and done all the washing up 
going to take a warm bath. hihi 
@gannotti All those linens ironed, just for weeding?  
awake ... smelling coffee ... shower and shave ... busy worship day ahead 
roommate was puking in bathroom, i went downstairs to use bathroom, met two drunk dudes, they think im hot 
@leonkay  you're supposed to be on the sofa already! LOL x
finally watching nick and norah's infinite playlist again. yay yay yay. and doing the laundry. 
laundry...house chores...writing...but first, fresh coffee and carbs! 
I just drank this Amazonian water! I will make a 12 seconds video drinking me second dose! It's a cleanser! I'm cleansing! 
i'm so glad my 13 yrold has learnt to vomit in the bathroom at last .... instead of projectile vomittng from the top-bunk!! had to share 
@athugspassion chillin in the tub 
is going for a bath 
Eating ginger snaps right out of the oven 
I'm Alive!!!  To the shower! I feel icky. xD
is now going to have a bath &amp; watch scrubs. yay 
@usaussie Can I come over so you can do my laundry in your new W/D? 
laundry,laundry,laundry...time for some shopping 
Happiness is a dish best served warm, fresh-baked from the oven. 
Off to clean the bathroom 
Going to Take a nice shower thenn out with madree 
i love how baths always make me better  
Just treated myself to a hot bubble bath 
took a shower now chillin so fresh and so clean 
just passed eaton plumbing 
I made some dip yesterday and it was a hit at the baby shower, it was gone before the shower of over! I did good 
just got out the shower. now sitting around just relaxing! 
My hot tub is broken so im taking a nice scented soothing bath 
Also, the interview in the hot tub is slightly disturbing! 
might get in the shower now, so i can surprise my gran, by actually be dressed 
just finished taking a bath... ahh.. so refreshing!  http://plurk.com/p/p5c93
watching ellen bathroom concert 
just got off the shower and is multiply-ing  It's soooo awesome that it's raining and we get a break from the heat wave!!!!
@CarolHoward tell him you are being green by not using so much electricity!  I never use a blowdryer anymore.  
@laylakayleigh thats seems like something interesting to put in a shower, mainly for a shower for couples 
is going to taker a shower 
Just took a nice cool shower after the gym, exercising really does make you happy and less stressed  Now I'll write in my journal!
going to cut my stupid fringe so i can see again, and shower 
About to take a shower. 
turning the kitchen into a disaster with my girl... treats are being made!!! 
forgot I hung some wet ones in the bathroom!  I'm off
@flowersbyfarha @princesstimetoy &quot;smelly washer&quot; noun: a person who washes much laundry but ironically fears contact with soap. 
@T_DAHSAR Lolz the yoga and steamy shower r my cool down session 
@aplusk  You can eliminate aerosols and freshen home with those extra dryer sheets by putting one with the filter of your furnace. 
@drjoesDIYhealth I drank over a litre and a half of water before I had to go bathroom... must have been a little dehydrated lol 
@iamjonathancook do the bath they are more fun to play in 
Doing yardwork 
http://twitpic.com/4e7ht - this is our new stove for the lounge.  It burns wood and you can heat a kettle on the top 
going for a shower. back soon 
Now I'm taking a shower so be right back 
going to hopefully finish cleaning my room  its day 4 on cleaning
@geoffsays  Liking the, new? profile pic  Cheers to your fridge
making lime centerpieces...throwing a bridal shower...sleeping?  It's going to be a wonderfully long day! 
@suesshirtshop That's fair enough. I've been having a bit clean up myself of late. Wardrobes have been empty but floors well used 
maybe it is fixed, just had lunch, must shower now, exfoliate, toenails, fingernails, hair, bliss 
time to get the garden hose out of storage, set it up and chase my newf with sprays of water 
@dannyboythepipe frother 
Swigging prosecco in the shower 
just had a really hot sauna and cooked kranskies on the stove. It was very nice 
taking a shower - getting dressed &amp; ready. out with SidMo &amp; my butch for the afternon 
@annemarike How about clean sheets, straight from the dryer? 
caps vs. pens... interesting. also: lots to do for julia's bridal shower!! 
i just took a shower, and soon i'm off to the cinema to watch HMTM 
I'll try and post a pic for you all from the shower even though it's hard to do on my own. 
@missaviator You need to go to the kitchen and cook some enchildas. 
soap first  
just took a great refreshing shower! 
@carole29 will tell you later, for now im going to chill on the sofa, knackered 
just started painting an old bath to use as a flower bed  i iz creatiVe!
@maryamp good plan. i went w hot shower, but opted for jaeger instead of milk 
is waiting for @electrikk to get out the shower 
@pendolino shower gels n extra bubbles with some bath salt  sometimes i add flower water and milk 
I want to take a shower.. I should do it now 
just had a bubble bath 
@AliChemist hubby's ironing complete cack, making beds &amp; he cant take washing in without messing up, never asked again, but great cook 
@Anjeebaby it's on the stove for u, coming up  http://twitpic.com/4h20u
there is WAAAAAY too much to learn for anat and phys!1 it's ridiculous!! going to give paddy a bath instead 
a nice WARM shower  That's more appropriate! lol
just finished my bath 
chloe just soap sudded out the bathroom 
@brent_thomas I have a bottle of it in my closet, if you need any. 
@tll587 did you have to corner her in a bathroom to obtain said beads? 
Is doing my laundry. One of my favorite chores. 
how long is too long for a bath? i just keep adding more hot water &amp; sinkin deeper into the bubbles..morning all 
My new deoderant smells good 
just qot out the shower ; listening to music chillin  * siqned _ NelllyBby x3.
I'm going to take a shower, and no you didn't really *need* to know that but I felt like sharing anyways 
I'm always being picked on  loll
Folding warm laundry just out of the dryer - not so great for the environment, but strangely relaxing 
taking a shower.  text me. &lt;3
About to take me an amazing shower to slip into my pj's and cuddle with my adorable chocolate man while we watch tv. 
Even after a 30 minute shower i smell like rotten whip cream....but it was so worth it 
@sulemanf go to the bathroom maybe! 
@tinkfan you were ewwing cleaning bathrooms. I was tryimg to make you feel better about it.  
Is taking a bath and reading 
I have to p x.x I go to the bathroom too much. brb. 
waxing, dyeing, shaving, scrubbing, plucking, painting, exfoliating, buffering and fileing. ah, the joys of being a women 
i had fun singing in the shower. 
Just finished doing chores.  Now what?
off to the land of pillows and blankets... mm, and the fan up on high... and did I mention the blankets? my favorite time ever. 
@Milomilkshake you can put a saucepan full of water on the cooker to heat up the water...indian style  scrabbled are the best!!!!
will just take a bath 
i was helping my dad re decorate my bedroom. time 4 a shower! 
Cleaning up the kitchen &amp;watching the Royals play 
having a bath with epsom salts and listening to carrie underwood 
@moviegirl09 *laughs* reading?!  not happening!  i'm glad alice was in the shower, she should've seen that we were going to be worried 
@renu19 lol y??? .. trashed the kitchen ? 
Has finally taken a shower after much distraction from twitter and the bubble wrap off to read  and drink a smoothie 
So nice to go into the bathroom and not hear the sound of gently running water 
@TDBeadles as to sleeping with whom ? You have your rocking sheets  I hope the smoothness is endulging can't wait for my blankets)
Is @ the pantry 
@juiceegapeach it's called dirt, go take a shower! jk 
@GoldenFish00 Thxx!! I was in the bathroom when you said it.. 
So so happy to be with @theblackqueen - she even makes doing laundry wonderful 
@johnfoliot I think we all need a oil change wash and wax every now and again 
@jonathanlerwill do you want to do my laundry as well? 
Off to go B&amp;Q for new outdoor furniture 
hopping in the shower,  @ricandhislife you can help me tidy my room  its a shit hole, mums fucking friends
right im off for a shower my little treasures, ill see you later on 
photomedia ASSIGNMENT! thanku mum for the tea  thanku shower for making me feel clean!
has just got out the shower 
gave the bikes a thorough wash, degrease it and grease it. think i did a really good job! 
Wouldn't it have been less messy in the kitchen and then served in bed?  @greggrunberg
i think i need to go for a shower now 
drip drip drop little april showers 
@garymurning I have to be honest...feedback from others. I was slaving away over a hot stove 
essay about cultural context in 'Inside I'm Dancing' done  shower or food?
Getting a bath! 
just stepped out...fresh out tha shower 
bed, bath, and beyond is the coolest store EVER!! i don't know why i never came here before. i'm in heaven!! haha 
I'm not sure what came over me but I now have the cleanest bathroom EVER!  
Just finished the bridal shower invitations!!  
finally i take a shower 
out of the shower 
@mmitchelldaviss What colour is your toothbrush? 
@quiz_master I really did that. I even had a small bath 
About to take a bath  yaaaaay
gonaa take a shower ! AHAHAHA 
Awww! a refreshing bath. alternating hotNcold water  love the feel of water drops dancing on the eyelashes, nosetip &amp; from the lipssss 
Off to take a bath.  
In need of a long, hot, bath  That'll help relieve stress.
@starphotos um ... prolly all the meds mixed with not enough food with the hot bath i just took 
thinking about taking a bath.. LOL 
RE @ellnestam almost had to take a shower? I hate when that happens 
I should start getting ready to leave... shower first methinks! 
my hot water is back  yay. 1st hot shower in 2 days. and i might do a video... and ill see if i post it?
@asingularfate we so need to! but maybe i can hire you to take my wallpaper down in my bathroom. 
Bubble bath 
I want a stwaberry drip!! 
@andreaj27 well, cheers. i have a glass of water handy. i'll drink to that  cheer up
fresh food in fridge, clean unit, things to do...  #enjoysimplethings
i just got out of my bubble bath n it was amazing i feel soo relaxed 
i got tons of hershey's in my fridge YAAAYY 
My neighbour loaned me 4 huge buckets, so we filled em with ice from downstairs bar, dishwasher was fixed when I got there. 
In the bath... 
@Ukania going where? down the toilet 
@djorris umm...im greedy. i say u get ur hot tub up &amp; running again AND we go get massages. 
my, that was a nice bath  #uselesstweet
just had a bath 
@now you dont have to bath him...he should be pleased 
@gerdaduring  i was talking about the dishwasher )))
is going for a shower! 
Walking to church with tummy full of warm starbucks coffee, sunlight and love 
#flylady *goes to* reboot laundry and do 15 min of flat surface clearing in kitchen *next up* 15 min in front of computer. 
Cleaning house...getting ready for baby shower!!! 
@selenagomez  well you don't HAVE to toast them. I just put mine in the microwave 
@beth_clagg The kitchen's moving. 
Is in the bath tweeting  how cool.
@MichaelC1980 r u out the shower yet?  *peeks*
just had a shower, so shes nice and clean 
about to go to lowes and try to be all handy and fix my kitchen sink  ...
Going to have a bath then go bed 
now i taking a beauty shower 
So im sitting the couch in a blanket  waiting for my laundry to finish
Ironing all done.... off for a nice shower and shave 
My iPhone flew 3 feet of the shelf and landed in the shower. It's alright. Thanks Macmosphere 
my mum leaves a bowl of flowers in water in my room every night. feels the scent is calming + will help me sleep better. she's a rockstar 
@dressjunkie i'll send you a bar and let you decide if it's a must have  hopefully it will work on dazzledust stains!
off to visit the local laundromat, how i miss my own washing machine and clothes line  *sigh what an exciting life i have lol  havag'day
splish splash I'm about to take a bath....bring on the bubbles and the rubber ducky  
@angelicaGEE it's al good, i have a microwave. 
now i take a shower with herbal essences  i'll be back in 15 minutes 
mm..new washing powder smells soo good. 
is having a bath  rubber ducks are optional!
got done working and took a shower so now i smell good 
@dalien77 I always bike to work or rollerblade to work! So good for you!!! and doesnt take that much longer!! No shower? Babywipes 
just gave her a bath!  http://yfrog.com/161tvj
so happy my shower went off without a hitch 
@MissSorcy I just washed my dress again (the new one) and I rememebred to not put it in the dryer!  no shrinkage! haha (sounds dirty LOL)
Just finished taking a bath! 
@jhabibi918 can we say matching linens, shower curtain, towels, highballs, tumblers, stemware, and plates?! Now all I need is the house! 
Has some housework to do 
@davedawes best ideas used to be in bath, now its shower, time inflation! crowdsourced investment will happen, keep in touch 
@BAUWRK sounds good . . . . but first i will take a shower 
i have mud on my knees  it feels funny, but my bro's in the shower so i can't have a shower yet and it's annoying me...
will take a shower! 
eating lap cheong and steam egg 
shower...shower.. 
coffee, breakfast, shower...soo early 
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/5f4do - @sparkle1980 @misskittyfliff you can thank me for the hot tub 
is taking a bath... be right back  http://plurk.com/p/ujaq5
Shower time.  one hour till math exam. Arghhh! X x
@starringbecca I like how ur thinkin,,,I am lookin at my monitor, thinking about u naked in a bubble bath, 
just woke up and fresh out the shower 
is cleaning her closet... really craving the park 
It is cold over here.. And I'm a little bored..  What are you doing? I'm going to finish my closet now... I'll be back later!
@rob_alexander - it's cold at night .. and unlike some of us , a hot water bottle is all I have to keep me warm !  no cuddles !
getting feet wet back at duty station. not as much of a culture shock - infant diapers 2 twitter. both filled with small squirts. 
going to have a shower 
getting on that laundry right away!!! 
@stavi At least your skin hasn't exploded in a shower of hives 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
after a lot of coffee, water and juice and really cold shower i'm ready to work, i hope.. feeling terrible 
will take a shower now. later my loves 
Already finished taking a bath. 
how to get wax out of carpet - paper towel and hairdryer.. ezzzz 
is wanting a hot bath with turkish delight bubble bath... 
cleaned the eff out of our room, took a shower, now I can play pet society on facebook 
nan is out the bathroom so im going to go for a nice loooong shower 
I think I might go out and buy a dishwasher! 
going to take a shower. 
I'm surprised with how I accidently broke my fridge ... Lol 
@mikos espresso lounge in eldon garden  it's lush! The spoons match the cups :-O
@Dichenlachman I like that you abbreviated bathrooms to b'throoms when b'throoms is the same no. of letters as bathrooms...  Bathrooms
Be nice to be home, been away a lot recently. Long hot bath with book (hotels only showers), own bed, feline company, piano, home cooking 
My external flashlight is back!  &lt;3
Stage 2: Just got a shower and I smell like passionfruit  http://tinyurl.com/outoqj
is off to go take a shower  http://plurk.com/p/vghml
just did a massive clean-up of my room. about to have a shower, then put up some posters. 
good morrnig!! just got out of the shower and now im gunna go eat and have a coffee!! peace out 
1 hour to go before i quit. first shower and then off to marie and parteh ! 
wow, came downstairs to a repainted hallway and dishes done in kitchen...had to blink &amp; rub my eyes...all looking great! 
@moanyboot excellent - I luv listening to a good rant - my new patio furn looked good till dog crapped against it! 
@alohura Ah, that explains the trainers in the kitchen by the microwave 
@Llubyloo What?.....you needed the loo? lol 
@SwingLifestyle I leave the bathtub water dripping as slow as possible, but I also leave a bowl under it for the cats' water dish. 
Just gave the pug a bath. 
@empian will have a cold one ready in the fridge just tell me when to drink it for you 
@ idreamsbu sitting on my mattress on the floor, listening to banana pancakes, and shooting hot cheetos out my nose with you 
@surfandsheds @shustonphotos  while riding shotgun to a cooler on a surfboard 
Just finished repairing a shower stem valve, gasket went bad late last night and I was forced to shutoff water. A-okay now!! 
lakehouse till Mondayyy! 
And nao stocking kitchens 
Drinking recycled urine - http://bit.ly/12MdkT. I think I will stick with bottled water. 
@amberluvsnkotb When you beat him to death, use a bar of soap in a tube sock. No bruises. 
apparently has a nightly ritual of taking a bubble bath. Not a bad everyday activity. 
taking a nice, hot bath and then to bed 
about to take a nice cool shower and read 
@benkoe What luxury!  In my day we didn't get to breathe until after our supper of gravel and then only half-a-lung from a moldy lavatory 
just took a shower 
fresh out of the shower.  
@JuliaPlease LOL very cute  He wants to be like you thinking it's a pillow. He'll get used to it.
Running a hot bath.  
I love my shower radio 
Just took a shower now some bible reading and sleep 
Folding laundry. And I don't even mind it. THAT'S how happy I am. Haha. 
Getting in the shower! 
I know there is Febreeze, but there should be Dogbreeze. 100% natural, Of course. To spray on stinky puppies.  I &lt;3 my dog!
just finished cleaning the kitchen... who knew it would get that dirty after months of not cleaning it...  haha ooops.
Fresh out of the shower... 
at the asian household  converting to asianism soon.
My closets a mess, not going out tonight so I guess I'll clean it  http://twitpic.com/662ca
is going to take a shower now! Brb.  http://plurk.com/p/wxeha
@lalalush123 It was a roll of toilet paper. haha 
I was freaking dancing to it in my kitchen  ahhhh.
closet reorganize...laundry...unpacking...are we almost done yet? 
taking a bath, packing for another relaxing weekend near the ocean 
I just took a shower, ah much better. 
biked for an hour..ate a sang witch .. took a shower.. feels good 
@kailaengland #liesgirlstell I don't google myself yeah I usually only do in the shower 
i am going for a shower, so i will be ready to go out tonight 
feelin' fresh. fresh from bathroom. wahahaha. 
@definatalie Failing a microwave, a bowl of hot water usually does the trick (or bag-in-saucepan). 
Towels, towels! 
ah! a shower always helps 
