Most common words for this cluster:
[('sick', 374), ('home', 31), ('today', 26), ('day', 25), ('work', 18), ('dog', 17), ('amp', 14), ('flu', 10), ('weekend', 10), ('time', 9), ('quot', 7), ('days', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sick', 0.9970024824142456), (u'sick', 0.5928978323936462), (u'Stomach_Flu', 0.5563114881515503), (u'Sickly', 0.5352362990379333), (u'Misdiagnosed', 0.5339727997779846), (u'Whiny', 0.5319322943687439), (u'Mistreated', 0.5295428037643433), (u'Crazier_Than', 0.5248755812644958), (u'Kicked_Off_Plane', 0.5242201685905457), (u'Ungrateful', 0.521808385848999)]





@riskyrevenge Wait, what? Sick? 
Beeen Awake for awile.. Sick 
Sick, i guess no FTSK show tonight. 
Sick as shit.  I really want to drink some water. :/
Sick on top of my chronic issues...home work even though I just had 3 weeks off and have a short week this week! Just so ill... BLAH! 
Sick as an MF'in dog, hate my immune system 
Sick again??! Or the same mystery disease...  docters later.
@criminalrecords I'm nervous too, but nervous that being loaded up on cold meds will make me play in slow motion  Sick=no fun
Sick  I think I have a fever now. I had to turn down Blazer playoff tickets. I have seen better days.
So thankful @emilysiren brought my beloved @laurajones024 home as a surprise. Missing @Pives  Sick as hell off chz &amp; champagne. Brilliant.
Sick baby girl (ok fine, 4 isn't still a baby,I know, I know) + sad crying kitty + cold lonely bed = almost 5am and still no blog post 
may just have a sick house..Youngest son just got up &amp; says &quot;I'm Sick!&quot; 
Sick   resting on the couch and watching tv
Going to attempt to make the most of the rest of the weekend. Sick wife no fun. 
Sick again   cannot afford to be sick this week.
Sick sick sick  sooo annoyed with all of the weather change!!!
Sick day - sucks 
 in bed today. Sick.
Just woke up. Sick  work and more work today
Sick at home with a miserable sinus infection and drained of any energy 
Sick with a cold 
Sick at home 
Sick sick sick. Nose running like crazyyy and I sound like a duck now 
Sick at school. I think I'm going to die. 
Sick  Always like this when the weather is nice
Sick at home 
Sick with the flu. 
Sick to my stomach instead of seeing Rocky Horror   
Sick and can't do shit. Fever and colds. 
Sick of spam bots following me. 
I. Am. So. Fucking. Sick      I wanna dieeeeeee
Sick as a dog.. Or maybe swine..  have to study.
Sick  but I look pretty. But oh god siiiiick.
Sick on moms day 
Sick again! 
@999thebuzz hey, when do you think you guys will be playing the new Sick Puppies song again? I missed it yesterday 
Sick as hell. Stuck at work 
Sick of dealing with rude drunks 
Sick. not going to school today.   j.i.l.
Sick  but going to school anyway. :/
Sick today with stomach ache 
Sick --- staying home today 
Sick.  at home all day
Sick as fuck  ;; GoodNight World.
Sick of fighting... 
Getting ready for church, but I'm probably not going... UGH. Sick today, everything is a pain... 
Sick   SOmeone make me feel better please...
Wakin up and feeling bad. Sick. 
Sick for the long weekend 
Sick   just puked my brains out
What's my story?  Sick as a dog 
Sick  dad thinks i've gotten the swine flu. haha
Sick as butt and not looking forward to school 
SO FRICKING BORED!  Sick of my life! 
Sick with flu...on-going misery for next few months 
I am soo tired. And Sick! 
Sick, AGAIN! But I don't have time to be sick!! 
Sick... In bed... Not going to skool...  
Sick and still at work... wa wa wa! 
Sick again  and now late for meeting on transitional neuroscience research
Sick .. And on my way to the tutor .. Lovely weekend 
i really really need to win the lottery! Sick of having no cash 
Sick, for the second day in a row...ugh 
Grrrr... will anything not make me throw up. Sick of being sick 
Sick like a dog or should I say piggie 
Sick girl today, just moved from bed to the couch 
My cough and throat is keeping me awake. Sick just in time for the weekend 
Last day at work...Sick to the bone 
Sick, sick, sick. This sucks. i can't even breathe properly 
Sick kid trumps advance planning.  Bummer 
Sick  Right now very thankful for my chicken soup and my bed!
Sick daddy  send prayer his way
Sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast I hope not 
Sick at home and so bored  I want to get better already so I can enjoy being a college grad!
Sick. With a flu like thing. 
Sick of fighting so it looks like no more burlesque for me 
Ahh! Members of the toasters and @dubisaweapon playing with void union! Sick! I missed @royalcityriot and we are the union 
Sick for five days and seemingly getting worse. This really sucks. 
Sick for the weekend sucks! 
Sick   drinking hot tea and watching sex and the city.
@sonzilla yeah... Sick as. It's not cool being sick on a sunny weekend 
Sick.  but I ate some peetz &amp; had two drinks with my last $20.
Going to bed, not feeling good  ... Sick ... And sick of people!!
Sick as heck  my tummy hurts
Sick at home 
Sick child putting a kabosh on weekend plans. Poor little guy. Up all night. 
Sick sick sick sick.  Nothing to do; this absolutely blows!
Sick and miserable and had to miss out on good plans today..  WHINE!!!! 
Allergies are killing me... Sick sneezing nauseated and a scratchy throat 
Sick as shit today 
Sick. I have a fever 
@LadyDuval4ISM Sick...  was ok this morning but feelin like crap now...
@LadyDuval4ISM Sick...  was ok this morning but feelin like crap now...
@commonladybug Sick is no good. 
Sick.  Kind of hurts to breathe. Whyyyyyy.
Sick my tummy is just gurgling all the time, I miss my son 
Cake pops finally done. Sick husband asleep in the middle of the bed. A night on the couch for me. 
Sick with a very stuffy nose 
@juliarygaard  I hope she makes it! Sick kitties can ruin a perfect day.  
Awake and Sick. Really really sick 
Sick off of caffeine. Frowny face. 
Sick just in time for finals week 
Sick  AGAIN . I want my baby here
Sick of the crappy weather  Going for a walk on the beach with Taryn!
I am a very sad girl! Sick as dog means no work, lilac fest or music 'n motion for me! 
To mountain house. Sick like heck 
Sick at home 
Sick  back to bed.
Sick day...stupid sore throat 
@squeakie - Sick now too? 
Sick as I have ever been, stuck in a hotel room with a bum laptop and no internet.  This is what nightmares are made of 
Sick  and it's in my chest! That's the worst kind of sick! I sound like a 90 year old chain smoker who swallowed a box of nails!
Sick with a cold  looks like I'm going to be in bed all day watching 'Friends'
Sick of not having something i know i deserve, and being bitter and jealous of those who have it and dont deserve it. 
@the_doktor Sick joke, isn't it? 
Sick  going back to bed  arghfhfgh
Sick, I can barely talk 
9 bug bites on the face?? Excuse me?? Sick! 
Sick with a cold  How did this happen?!
Sick  relaxing with babyy &lt;3
I feel like crap. Sick 
Sick at home  at least I can get a few errands done
Sick little girl at our house. Fever, crying... was exposed to hand, foot, and mouth at daycare.  Lots of rocking &amp; cuddling.
Sick  Running nose, congested!
Sick, miserable, and taking care of myself while jared is doing &quot;manly&quot; things in the garage 
Sick of john getting the crap end of the stick 
1/2 Sick as a dog  almost passed out. I fell on the floor and didnt have the power to move...or txt for like 20 min it felt so weird
Sick again 
Sick on the train, sick on the train, oh it sucks to be sick on the train 
Off skwl . Sick  watchin Spongebob Lol carnt wait for end of skwl so can talk to someonee!! Lurviin da weva! Bring on da sun!
Sick and Cold!! 
Sick boo hoo n it's such a nice day n I'm all cooped up inside 
Sick  But on my way to school anyway... three days till I graduate as a teacher!!! yay!!
At home. Sick. 
Sick and still working, I am miserable... 
I'm Sick  Nad can't doo anything -.-
I'm Sick -.- And can't doo anything.. 
Realised I haven't fed my spider solitare addiction in awhile. When I realised that I played spider solitare for an hour. Sick of STATS 
Realised I haven't fed my spider solitare addiction in awhile. When I realised that, I played spider solitare for an hour. Sick of STATS 
Sick  got the sniffles .. drinking lots of tea and soup to regain energy for tomorrows recording! its gunna be a banger!
Sick of having to lock myself in my room so i dont get distracted...grrr..my good mood has left me 
Is rolled up on the couch. Sick 
Sick  again
Just had Sick Meal menu  http://myloc.me/2rye
Sick  And cant sleep
Sick of uni assignments 
Sick, at home 
Sick of sleeping, and horrible dreams. 
Sick again!  Enjoying spicks &amp; specks in bed &amp; wondering what's up on this earth today?
Sick for 6 days now..  
Sick   &amp;   Tired        I have to study French &amp; Germany......... I don't like it ...so :p
Sick again today 
Sick dog day morning  http://tinyurl.com/r2xaky
Home Sick  mum got mad Didnt pick up the phone when she called me in a little bit of trouble lost phone @.@
Sick of been in the middle of my parents figths, they keep blaming each other and my trip is forgotten every time 
Sick  I want soup
eww 996 cals for the day?  Sick!  *cries*
Sick as a motha  fuuuh I hate this feeling. Jaws hurt and my ears are heavy =(
I wish I was watching Sick Of Sarah right now 
Sick and tired.     creeping on the computer with adrienne and cuddling with James makes me feel better tho. Home, time for bed.
Sick  damn eye infection
Sick as a dog  wish I had some company to watch movies.
Sick! I wish my mom was here now!  
Sick, but made it to work. We'll see how long I last 
Sick as a fucking dog. It hurts to text. 
Sick, in bed since morning 
@BelleRenee  I hope you feel better! Sick + vacation = the worst.
Sick of everything 
Sick @ home . I dont understand how you get a cold in the summer 
waiting for my last clients of the day. Ready to start the weekend. Not much to do..... Sick kid at home. 
Workkk. Sick.  not gonna be fun. 
Sick bird  ... I wanna see the Hangover but gotta wait and let my Lolo's bro in the house.
Sick at home with strep 
Sick, broke, and friends treating me like trash, has got me on edge.  
Sick day  What's goin 'round around here?
Sick w/ the flu for 3 days now.  
Nose bleed. Sick. 
2mrw is gonna suck...i like my job but sundays r always dead  -Sick Inside-
Sick of waiting, I can't take it, gotta tell ya 
Sick and costantly blowing my nose 
Sick boy just got up from the bed  ho ho
Sick. Wanted to go hiking and swimming and hang out with Jamie today. FML. 
Sick with food poisoing 
Sick as a freakin dog 
Sick as a DAWG today. Horrible head and chest cold or a sinus infection and bronchitis or something. I think I am pathetically miserable 
Sick n it's way too hot outside. Yucky night last night: sick &amp; the pens game was horrible 
Sick &amp; wish I wasn't leaving 4 vegas till tues!!!  
@FaketragedyCom I'm good too =] Sick of work though, want a new job. 
Sick of these awful blackbirds that fly around our apartment... they sound horrible and scare off the pretty birds. 
Sick of all the rain. 
Sick  and busy studying 4 finals and working...
Sick   Almost summer!
Sick as tits.. bed soon.. i got NO anthro done.. thanks for the motivation guys 
What the h*ll I'm suppossed to do to get rid of dis d**n flu??!! Sick of it...  http://myloc.me/3T1Z
Sick with a sinus infection 
Sick as a dog...   Never really understood that phrase... does it mean I'm going to go out into the garden and eat some grass?
Sick at work 
Sick and Sad... buu! 
Sick in bed with the flu  fix me!
Sick.  but i dont regret a thing!
Sick of the rain and there's huge black clouds over head which means defo thunder and lightning bad times! 
Sick at home with sore throat 
Sick..  but had a great weekend!!
Sick kitten - headed to the vet  http://mypict.me/3W3r
I feel quite depressed to be honest. Sick of missing people! All the chances with that person are in another town, too far, too skint 
Sick again.    I hate cold &amp; flu season!
Sick of coughing 
Sick with a fever and i hav the chills...everything hurts! 
Sick. Already in bed. 
In the house now .. I feel like I have been drinking for hours and I haven't had alcohol in about 3 weeks . Sick as a fuckin dog . 
Sick and missing you 
Sick, just spilt drink all over myself 
Sick as a dog. . . No one is responding to my calls or texts.  is something wrong with my phone.
Sick Sick Sick...and migraines. Sorry for twittering my silly complaints to you. Be my mommy tonight, Twitter and Tylenol! 
@chareh Sick day!? Aww no that's no fun 
I am awake and I dislike it. Sick as a dog, work in three hours. 
Sick of being told what to do... 
Sick, can't move any more  // I hope to make some new friends &amp; share what we like.. 
Sick at work 
Sick in the worst way 
Sick of revision. nothings going in. i want to start a new diary, learn to cook and start holidays  2 days!!
Sick with a nasty sore throat &amp; hacking away.  Nasty...uggggghhhh 
Sick in bed..this is where I'll be all day 
Sick of seeing &quot;there are unfortunately no positions allowing for no previous industry experience&quot; now 
Sick.  at the start of summer 
Sick at home 
Sick today  I think I have an inflamed pancreas.
Going 2 bed. Sick tonite.  Nite tweeps. x
Just threw up my dinner.  Sick day. Is it weird that I'm really craving strawberry ice cream now?
Sick in bed.  Crap.
Bored at home and Sick with fever.  
Sick at home.   not fun 
Sick of this weather. It keeps knocking my satellite signal out 
@Mistyconn @Boutiqueculture @catawu thanks ladies! Sick kids are never fun...especially when I'm a raccoon from lack of sleep. 
Sick in bed with swine flue 
Sick!! like always  better go before this friday other wise grrr....
feels like he's dying! Sick 
I'm Sick!  I miss my classmates
Sick of doing battle with the forces of LAMP. 
Sick like fudgecake.  
@iamjonathancook http://twitpic.com/7ldlh - Sick hair Jonathan....and wow you name your fists....that soopoooo cool 
Sick, I am feeling really awful right now, so I haven't dyed any yarn, and or made anything but small flowers from the couch or bed. 
Sick kids at home again 
Sick as shit because of the conflict between the av and heater in my room.  no bueno
Worst way to wake up in the morning. Sick to my stomach. 
Is going home. Sick kids. Taking Addison the dr at 11. 
Sick  . . . Feeling like this may be the longest car ride ever!
Sick....it really sucks. 
Sick....it really sucks.  Hopefully I get better for the weekend.
Sick, so staying home and missing giving a talk 
Sick and in class &quot;study hall&quot;. Physics final next 
Sick...wish @nelsontx was here to take care of me 
Still feeling like a sieve, Sick as a dog and not even Left4Dead seems to be helping 
Sick of this computer, seem to be sick of everything today. 
Sick     ain't feeling good at all.....
Sick of DIY today 
Is making himself some homemade soup. Sick belly makes him a sanda. 
Sick of not sleeping, n when I do sleep, sleeping alone 
Sick  watching tv and then bed, work again at 7:30am tomorrow! Text me....
Sick :\ fever migrane the works .  ugh
Is so fucking Sick of people at the moment. I wish i didn't exist 
Ugh! I'm Sick! Yuck.....! 
Sick assss can be and miserable. 
Sick to the max. 
Staying home again. Sick  
Sick of rain and dreary skies. Where is summer? 
Does anyone has a room for me in Antwerp?  Sick of searching...
Sick at work 
Sick as a fucking dog 
Sick and without a car. 
wishes the weather would make it's mind up.! Sick of the rain 
I really Sick Puppies were coming to Georgia 
Sick, but working on drawings, Chemistry meeting, hopefully biking. Too sick for track cycling. 
Sick  I need someone to come baby me
Sick of Michael only wanting to play a broken version of America's army.... Dumb 
Morning, still Sick and tired, latin Test today 
Sleepy. :l time for bed. Sick 
Sick dog this morning.......Gr8 
@X1039 Hey! what's supposed to go down with Sick Puppies &amp; the X station next week? Car stereo was being lame and missed the last details 
Sick....how is this possible ? 
Sick and sore, staying in bed all day 
Sick as hell!!!  and my mouth hurts!
Sick with a bad cold...ugh and on top of that I got my period today and I have bad cramps...and I can't see brandon  It's a bad day.
Sick  ... I'm going with swine flu just to be different.
Yes, like Harlequin e-royalties ugh When I think of # of copies sold for my Desires and how much NOT making. Sick  @courtneymilan
Sick.  not cool.
Sick on a summer day - that's just not right 
Sick and tired of being dizzy 
@kenarmstrong1 I do!!!! Sick of TweetDeck tellin me I've exceeded my rate!!!!! 
Sick going to bed super early 
Sick and having bad service @ CapitalSeafood...   what have I done to deserve such sorrows??!!
Sick and pissed that I had to miss PlayDateOKC2!  
Sick mac  will cope later. Spending time with my faves takes precedence.
Sick fish still sick...this soooooooo depressing 
Sick again... I feel terrible 
Sick with a sore throat 
Sick 2 death of relationship back firing   I know i screw up alot but seriously this is really hard...u shud have said u couldnt cope
Sick with the flue... goddamn, it finally caught up with me... my girlfriend was sick 2 weeks ago. and now i have it to... 39 degrees 
Sick of being bored/lonely 
Ahh .. Tiredd  been eating chocolate the whole time . Sick as bro ,sick as
Sick and stuck at work. 
Sick. The baby just sneezed in my eye. 
Sick  this sucks
@tyosaurus Sick of my face? How could you........ 
Sick At Home 
Sick  I hope I can go tonight... Otherwise I just drew a million cupcakes for nothing
chilling in the room  wish I have a friend to go out with. Sick of doing nothing 'fun'
is goining to bed right now. Sick 
Sick and Tired!!!  I miss you KYLE!
Sick yuck.  at least my baby is taking care of me.
is drinking water..wish me luck...feel Sick 
Sick as a dawg. I despise summer colds!!!  
Sick and stuck at work. 
Sick of feeling like i'm not good enough maybe im not the prettiest or the thinest ect.But I'm..oh nevermind that just made me feel worse 
Shooting zombies on Call of Duty.. Holy crap I'm addicted!  Sick off junkfood too! 
Sick      Seeing Skye tomorrow. We're writing a list.
Just Downed a Bottle of Yahzooo! I feel Sick 
*Sick* no mmva after party for me 
Sick again today 
Sick, again 
Sick day  watching stuff on TVshack and reading Batman comics
Sick again   Going to nap &amp; hopefully that helps! I have a lot of cleaning &amp; yard work I should be doing!
Sick  blah. Lots of house and crosswords.
Sick. Agaaaaaaain 
Today = Off-day ... supposedly to be Sentosa-tanning + gym day. but. Sick sick sick.  grrr!
Sick in bed with a blinding migraine since yesterday 
Sick  have to work still...
Sick sick sick today  bad times. Just gona stay in tnite missin a bar crawl  gutted
At Home.. Sick 
Sick on my vacation. Not fair.   Better be well when I wake up tomorrow. I refuse to be sick all week.
yay beach party lol. i thought drive in was saturday?  Sick
Sick. Strep A. Antibiotics. 
Blech. Sick-y again. 
Gooosh.. Sick again... Feel awefull.. Ive got the feeling its gonna be a long day today !.. 
ughh. Sick again! 
@theSLaBeouf I'm at home. Sick. 
Sick  urgh can't fall back to sleep
Sick just before a cheer comp again 
Sick  Sitting on the sofa watching australias next top model and drinking chicken and leek soup 
Sick today.  Attempting to work from home, but very likely that I'll just nap all day.  Bummer.  
im Sick  *cough*
Sick and don't want to work another 3 days in a row, but yes I need the money. 
Sick and at work 
Sick today  coding from the couch.
Sick babies today, can't reach parents 
Sick  again...
Sick  I might have Influenza AH1N1 
Sick  Spending my day laying in bed listening to @taylorswift13
Sick fuckin night! I fucking love rebelution!  hell fucking yeah.
@richardepryor you're the queen of Germany!! Sick of sausage yet? 
Sick show. Headaches like gone! 
Just got home, chilled with Bernalyn, Phil, and @carolyngalvante Sick! 
@VincentHunt Getting back on friendfeed and trying to separate it from twitter. Sick @ work 
Sick, but that's not gonna stop me from playing tennis today  I'm just gonna get sick even more, ha!
@goange Why so Sick?  Party too much last nite?  
@mcraddictal Sick, but happy  You?
