Most common words for this cluster:
[('sick', 515), ('amp', 7), ('u', 5), ('p', 3), ('com', 3), ('wow', 2), ('reallyy', 2), ('s', 2), ('yay', 2), ('ahhh', 2), ('ughhh', 2), ('plurk', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sick', 1.000000238418579), (u'everything_Akaogi', 0.6610463261604309), (u'ill', 0.6513422727584839), (u'seriously_ill', 0.6303310990333557), (u'Some_antiflu_drugs', 0.6058814525604248), (u'deathly_sick', 0.598646879196167), (u'Sick', 0.5938442349433899), (u'unwell', 0.5894099473953247), (u'deathly_ill', 0.5829809904098511), (u'sicker', 0.5615189075469971)]





i think i'm getting sick.  
i can't breatheee... i hate being sick! 
I am feeling sick 
i hate being sick  damn cold
I'm still not feeling very well. Why is it that recently i'm getting sick so often 
i think i'm getting sick again. poop. 
being sick  again!!!! 
being sick nyquil does not work any more 
I don't like being sick 
Feeling sick again. 
I think i'm getting sick 
It would be nice if I could breath... I'm getting sick. 
sick again....ugghhhh! 
is feeling sick  ;going to beddd
Ugh. I hate being sick. 
I think i'm gettin sick. 
is up sick 
@sofiesunshine god knowss  i was fine when i went to bed and now i havent stop being sick since 4 =[ it's horribleee
Is can't get out of bed sick 
nothink really pretty bored and sick 
sick again... eww! 
sick  i feel like shiet.
still battling fever off and on..I hate being sick  I just want to get up and go
I'm tired of being sick 
getting sick again 
sick right now because of sore throat 
really cold. getting sick 
I want to feel well again. It's not fair  I'm sick of feeling sick.
Oh and I think I'm getting sick 
I think I'm getting sick 
I really think I might be getting sick 
sick and in bed.  How incredibly lame.
@luvisonitsway hey! i've been feeling sick too, lately  hope you feel better!
sick of it all. 
@BlytheRedgrave I hope you feel better. I just got over being sick myself - it sucks. 
sitting on my bed. feeling sick 
i am fucking sick 
Is very tired and cold and sick 
Feeling sick and very sorry for myself 
well im going off because i  m feeling bad i think i m getting sick 
I really think I'm going to get sick ;( 
veeery tired! and sick 
@KendraMarieK I'm telling you I hope he did not get sick!! 
puking  i think i'm getting sick
is sick but can't be bothered to call in sick to work  
ugh so full and sick 
Starting to get sick again 
is debating whether to call in sick to work as she feels bad 
sick and exhausted 
Ugh I hate being sick. I can't even sleep in 
i have eaten and now my tummys complaining, may have to go and get sick 
i'm sick and tired of being sick and tired 
is sick and tired... of being sick and tired.... 
is tired of being sick 
i think i'm getting sick  
Sometimes I think she's faking sick 
I am sick of being sick!! What is wrong w me? 
studyiiiiiing  and sick of it -.-
fair sick and tired...  mehhhhhh
I hate feeling sick 
my iree is sick 
sick and tired of being sick and tired... 
Starting to feel sick 
@JeepersMedia I am sorry to hear that you got sick! 
So sick. No more vodka 
conny is sick. 
I hate being sick..  ugh.
sick sick sick i've been in bed too long 
Feeling sick again 
imissu. ..starting to get sick 
@icarusforde canI have one, I actually am sick 
You know what I never understood how I could go to bed perfectly healthy and then wake up with a cold...I hate being sick 
going to work. but im sooo sick  ugh
@jadeycakess i thought that was you!  i was like 'oh no, is jade being sick?!' you alright now though lovely?
@taylorbebop @meganandliz @wtccishot is super bored right now and is sick 
Ugh feeling sick 
I don't like being sick 
Feeling sick and nauseated 
I'm so tired and sick 
I hate being sick still 
is stil feeling sick 
mmkkz going to attempt to sleeeppp  i hate feeling sick
is a little sick!!! 
is felling a little sick 
feeling sick  i hate it!
I'm cold  I hope I'm not getting sick.
sick of being too shy 
don't feel well at all, may need to phone in sick to work 
is still feeling sick ... so unfair 
In bed again, i hate being sick i wish i could sleep 
I HATE being so effin' sick!! 
Is sick and tired of being sick and tired. 
is again feeling sick  
unable to sleep. again. hate being sick. 
ah, getting sick? not good, noot good @ all 
i think i'm getting sick 
sick again 
Being sick really blows  ...
exhausted and sick 
terribly room-sick 
I'm really sick and tired of being sick and tired 
i hope this doesn't mean i'm getting sick....   
is getting sick I think..... 
sick of crying. i miss him far too much 
bored and sick not fun 
being sick is not fun at all 
in bed sick still never going to end.... 
Wow I think I'm going to get sick! I woke up throwing up 
I think I'm getting sick.  i'm all sneezey.
I hate being sick  but yay I got an itouch!!!
Being sick is not very fun. 
I keep hackin and coughin and gaggin it's annoying I hate being sick 
tired and a little sick. 
I guess I'm being sick again. 
i think i'm getting sick 
I think I'm getting sick again 
Feeling sick  ...trying to sleep but I can't :-/
being sick really sucks. 
goingg to bedd sick 
i hate being sick. i miss @cynthiasheree @lucyowns and @larilync 
is sick &amp; tired of being sick &amp; tired 
Feeling sick the now 
i feel super sick 
I need to stop being sick. 
@davechinnici still not 100%    im sick of being sick!
getting sick  cough. cough.
Oh.... great.  I think I'm getting sick.  
I'm fighting off feeling sick. Hoping it's just tired. I'm really not feeling too well, though 
i hate being sick. So annoying... 
tirreeeddd sick of being sick 
I hate feeling sick 
I'm freaking tired...and feeling sick 
now I am feeling depressed   I don't like being sick....
I think I'm actually getting sick 
is getting worried about getting sick 
I'm sick... I had to call in sick to work, so I feel kind of bad 
is @moniibabee sick?? 
Feeling sick again   I'm getting really tired of it.
Up early and feeling sick. 
 WALANG MULTIPLY!  (sick) http://plurk.com/p/x6q2t
sick again 
I hate being sick.  *cough*
ugh...i hate being sick... 
Hopefully I'll recover soon. I hate being sick! Pfssshtt! 
 sick and I hate it.
@therealpickler I'm sick of being sick too.  I hope you get better!
why do i have to be sooO sick 
i new this was going to happpen ...... i'm feeling sick 
is feeling sick because of smelling to much gas 
I think I'm getting sick 
I has a sick 
I thinki might be getting sick 
Dieting..  and sick of it
@thomasfiss in japanese, that's pretty sick. I miss you!  
I still feel super sick 
i think im sick. got cough 
is truly over being sick. I just want to feel better 
it sucks being sick  flemming is not all its cracked up to be
exhausted and sick. 
That's sick! I'm late. 
I think im sick 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired, 
feeling real sick 
@xAmandaKayx i tried to call her and she didn't answer, obviously. eh, i'm getting sick 
@xcandiee ouh,well u not the only one who is sick!im sick too 
I really feel like I'm getting sick. I don't care, just plz not swine. 
i feel nauseous and sick all of a sudden.. 
I think I'm getting sick 
i think i might be getting sick 
I think I'm getting sick! 
beloved Nanaapple is sick 
wishing that i can not get any worst getting sick! 
It's windy and I'm dizzy and sick 
I think I'm gettin sick 
laying in bed. sick  and thinking about him
Feeling sick but working...  
i think i'm getting sick... 
I think I'm getting sick 
@LaurenDayMakeup good morning! i hope you start feeling better, being sick is never fun 
Feeling sick  I think I had too much chocolate...
I'm feeling light headed and sick 
I think I'm getting sick... Not again 
is laying in bed reallyyyyy sick 
I think I'm getting sick....  Fml
Still getting really tired really early.... This is why I hate being sick the most  'Night!
up early :/ damn im sick 
@BeccaSherman welll you should stop being sick!!!! no good    I hope you feel better sooooon!! p.s. how have you been?
I hate feeling sick. Why won't it go away? 
is tired and feeling sick... 
i feel v poorly sick 
@thisisScoMan no i didn't  bro got sick after we left eurodisney that we couldn't move as much as we'd love to.
so sick of being alone  i miss oleg so much.
feeling sick again 
starting to feel sick again... Uhoh 
@wonderingnomad i'm getting sick too 
very sick of being sick.  
I think I'm getting sick 
is still feeling sick 
@vickyjones91 http://twitpic.com/6eoo9 - it makes me a little sick  i feel like giving up
I feel so freakin sick right now! 
So sick.  Not impressed.
getting sick  ....ugh going to work
feeling mad sick 
I think I might be dying...I hate being sick    
is still feeling sick 
sick  but i have so much work to dooo
really really really tired and sick. 
sick  (cough cough)
i think I'm gettinq sick! eecck! its ohios weather 
feeling sick had to go home 
I think I might be getting sick. 
I'm totally getting sick again.  
Starting to feel sick 
@noungning I'm just working but I think I'm gettin sick 
i'm getting sick  i blame amy for this.
just got up sick. 
sick of it 
hapii is sick again. 
@andrewsayer that's sick 
Feeelingg sooo sick   likee heappss
There has been some sick  I hate being alone when I feel ill.
is sick and tired of being sick and tired 
you can't be serious..... I think I'm getting sick.... 
is so tired he feels sick. 
K is sick again 
Ugh... I might be getting sick 
I think I'm getting sick!!  NOOooo!!
Feeling sick again 
sick in bed.hoping to feel better soon 
feeling sick    watching elizabethtown
Going to bed - still feeling sick 
possibly getting sick again?? 
I know why I started feeling sick---I'm broken 
Here comes the sick 
I'm feeling a little sick 
@lilyroseallen that's pretty sick actually  Not cool at all.
i really want to stop being sick. 
I hate being sick  It sucks.
I woke up sick.. I mean REALLY sick 
sick of being sick. enough alreadyy! 
i feel kind of sick.  hopefully supernatural will make me feel better.
watchin superbad with rissa. suuper sick 
sick ?  or just feeling tired?
I dont want to get sick 
So sick right now 
really hope I'm not getting sick..... 
i hate being sick  its just so lame,i dont get to go out.
Is making myself sick 
i feel super sick 
feeling a little sick 
Feeling a little sick and can't fall asleep 
@whoiscraig Feeling absolutly shattered and its only 1030. also feeling sick 
i think i'm getting sick 
sick cant go 2 track meet 
I think I might be getting sick 
hey all not feeling so hot ... ugh i hate being sick 
I'm so sick of being sick...  This is seriously the worst cold EVARRRR....
I think I'm getting sick 
I'm tired...&amp; i think i'm getting sick 
Doesn't understand how he got sick again 
so so so sick  I hate mono
i can feel myself getting sick  not cool
Feeling reallyy reallyy sick 
is soooooo sick  I feel like I'm dying :/
being sick freaking suckss 
@TheDracoMalfoy   *squish*  I'm sorry.  I hope you start feeling better soon.  Are you getting sick, do you think?
Is super sick right now   and here I was thinking I was better...then I ate 
So cold, so sick. 
Oh no I think I might be getting sick 
sick.. again 
even just talking about when i wasnt with him makes me want to cry and gives me that sick feeling 
Ugh, I hate being sick 
i feel dead. ahhh so sick 
I feel kind of sick 
going to bed   sick..........
I think I'm getting sick! Uggghhhh!! 
is feeling sick again 
sick and not liking it going to bed 
throat still really sore, feeling more and more sick 
ugh...I think I'm getting sick. 
is exhausted and sick and wants to go back to bed 
I think I'm getting sick 
is not wanting to go to work extra sick 
feeling sick and want u to treat me well 
Feeling sick. I want eat but I can't. I wish I was home 
i'm so bored and sick!!!  but i don't feel bad that is good
sick. I should probably go back to bed 
will do @cchowds. I think I am getting sick to. 
definitely woke up feeling more sick. booo!  and i don't really have an appetite. ughhh
sick again 
really really effing sick of studying already 
@AngelTCupp I hope I didn't get you sick!  I'm so sick of being sick. :'(
I think I'm getting sick 
i HATE being sick  i feel lke cruddd
I think my babay is sick 
I think im sick .  ahhh
Feeling a little sick 
tired...and possibly getting sick 
Just called in sick, not berry well at all 
Just called in sick, not very well at all 
starting to feel sick again.  hopefully I can sleep it off
i think i'm getting sick 
not alot  sick 
I feel good now. I think I'm moving on. And getting sick again 
i hate feeling sick 
Feelling soo fucking sick 
sick sick sick. it really sucks 
looking after my sick little boy. 
Hanging out in bed sick, which is not fun 
No more being sick 
I'm Working........ and I'm a little sick 
Not feeling very well . . . I really can't afford to get sick right now!! 
I'm veeeeeeeeeery sick 
sick like a puppy  
I'm so exhausted I literally feel sick and miserable. 
@CarolineTimm get well soon, caroline! i hated being sick.  ugh.
...not feeling good...sick 
Up and sick. 
Is trying to make herself feel better as she feels sick 
Being sick is not cool at all 
I hate being sick!!!! I might have to get my tonsels removed now 
just got sick, more studying to do  aii
been verrrry sick   
I think i am getting sick.  
Being sick totally sucks. 
is tired of being sick 
off to work! feeling sick.. 
I think I'm getting sick 
i hate feeling sick 
 sick of feeling like this
i'm getting sick i can feel it. 
....sick of feeling so unmotivated 
Feeling sick  and tiredd.
I think I might be getting sick 
Feeling real sick 
I think I'm getting sick 
@ItsEliallwild Awww your sick too 
i have to go to bed now, im sick  poo
Starting to get sick. 
Is finally better but now Wes is sick. 
@goyebr glad he's feeling better....that's too long to feel sick!!  
I think I'm getn sick 
Starting to feel sick... 
I'm god damned getting sick again!! 
I think I'm getting sick 
Even more sick than before. 
I am full on sick. 
@immy_ashby How was that sick? 
I am so getting sick. I can feel it. 
Watching chelsey lately sucks when your sick because you cant laugh!! 
i hate being sick  . . . sore throat &amp;&amp; getting a cold
I really hope I'm not getting sick. 
snif snif snifing....   it is horrible to get sick!
@maymello wow i am a little sick 
sick.....not feeling good 
sitting on the couch sick 
feeling very sick  and i have no sick leave left
sick  but jB makes it better 
feeling sick ughhh 
@ruliannaprilia is sick 
I'm so burnt it's literally making me sick. 
I really hope I'm not getting sick! 
i dont like being sick  do u?
I think I'm a little sick 
left pecha kucha early sick.  not awesome.
sick and can't sleep 
Why is everyone sick except me 
being sick and really bored 
I think I am getting sick again 
ugh, i hate being sick 
now I'm going to bed, called out sick 
Worrying sick about him 
going to work unfortunately...and im sick and missing him 
real sick 
I think I may be getting a little sick 
do NOT like being sick 
I hate being sick and I have to work 
I think I'm getting sick 
Tired of being sick 
real sick 
@KrisWilliams81 Don't go getting sick! 
@RickShameless we are both pathetic and sick. 
I think I'm getting sick 
I don't like being sick.  
i hate being sick. it's so miserable. 
I think I'm getting sick. 
I hate feeling sick 
How is it possible that I managed to get sick again? 
being sick just sucks!!!!!!!! 
@leisey  Hopefully not, I don't want to get sick.
sick. i think i'm sick. huaaa.... 
sick in bed again...or still??? i dont know....but im not feeling very well 
I believe I am getting sick and I am not happy about it...  
bored + sick = so perfectly~ 
Feeling awful!!....I hate being sick.. 
oyyyyyyyyy. not feeling good..... i think im sick 
Oh no, I feel like I'm getting sick again 
Oh, @gabyrecosta i love you so much too, but i love you much more that you love me, hahaha, i'm sick too 
I hate being sick n having to work 
I think I'm getting sick :/ I keep sneezing and coughing  this isn't good
starting to feel a little sick.. wtf? 
I'm totally getting sick. Not very awesome at all. 
 still kinda sick,,, working from my bed is not helping...
I think im sick 
I dnt like being sick 
@WalkinSpAstic are you feeling sick?? 
I think I'm getting sick. 
Ugh, starting to feel sick again. 
laying down..sick 
Sitting with my sick little boyfriend.  literally sick.
laying on the couch sick. 
So exhausted.  I hate being sick! 
Oh nooooooooo... I think I'm getting sick! 
Getting sick again. 
sick, alone and fending for myself. 
I'm sick &amp; tired, of always being sick &amp; tired! 
poorly sick. sick poorly. 
TGIF. except I'm getting sick. 
@misssammibaby aww..  why'd you go to work? you should've just called in sick..
I hate getting sick!!! it really bites! 
Getting sick! NOT feeling good at all... 
i hate getting sick! do not want. 
@sylviawho im sick too 
sick ugh  why why why why this blows I feel horrible 
now everybodys sick 
coughcoughcoughcough. so tired of being sick 
@acearl Ugh, I don't blame you for being sick of it.  I'm sorry.  
I wish what ever this is that is making me sick would just go away already. 
I am now feeling sick.. 
I am solo nauseas right now. I don't think I've ever felt this sick. I wish I knew why. 
So tired and sick 
i think i'm getting sick again 
I'm getting sick I think 
I think i'm getting sick 
ah i hate being sick. it hurts to laugh 
I thought i was hungover, turns out i'm just sick.... 
feeling sick.....damn it to heck and hell!!! 
trying hard not to fall sick too 
I think i'm getting sick 
I think I might be getting sick 
i'm am sick and i don't like it  
So sick right now 
is feeling sick.  I wish it would just go away!
So tired . I hope I'm not getting sick 
feeling sick and I want congee. 
sick  not feeling good at all....
seriously NEEDS to get better soon  I hate being sick.
ugh.. I hate being sick 
@mizzshellibelli aww, boobear  still feeling sick?
sick again 
@corkangel76 send the #fdw 'ers my sowwys for being sick 
Still kind of sick 
I feel horrible. I hate being sick. 
is still feeling sick 
going to sleep.  sick and tired 
feeling sick.. its not fun 
I`m sneezing and sneezing again and again :| I really feel sick 
fucking sick 
My bdays coming up, but I think I am getting sick 
sick...  i really hate being sick...
i hate being sick. go away strep 
I just had to get sick 
@Janaaahaa I'm happy too because I hate being sick 
sick again...yucky 
not feeling me no more.. think i am falling sick... 
Being sick really sucks  http://plurk.com/p/12otd1
is feeling icky....I dont like being sick 
sick, sad and lonely 
Wow I'm feeling sick 
@allieraebot r u feeling better? i really hope so..  im sad u were sick...
pretty darn sick... once again. 
is feeling a little better...still sorta sick. 
 sick. Physically and emotionally
I think I'm getting sick. 
tired and feeling sick yet again  whats wrong with me! argh!
is feeling sick again 
Tired and feeling sick 
UGH!! I hate being sick 
is still feeling sick!   #trackle #squarespace
so sick.. feeling awful..  [2]
So sick - ugh. And I was doing so well!!! 
sick...headed to primecare 
is really getting sick of not being with him. 
laid up in bed sick 
i hate being sick! i can't stop coughing 
Working sick is never fun 
@Flawlessness are you still home, sick? 
@sexpensive I am here.. working feeling sick.... 
just woke up. sick 
reallly tired of being sick 
i'm tired of feeling sick 
what am i doing? literally nothing. i hate being sick  and i love to whinge
I think I'm getting sick.  
I'm sooo tired of being sick 
sick of being cold 
@MrCrys I hope u dnt get sick 
still home sick 
I think I'm getting sick 
I'm awake! I hate being sick. 
I really really really hate being sick and not able to sleep 
@funsizejess definitely sick 
I think I am getting sick 
It's never fun being sick. 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired  
sick. Pulling a @drewnation 
is very shocked and feeling sick... but happy all the same 
is up and feeling sick :S yay! 
yeahh it looks sick :| i know they doo 
@ainz0417 I'm sorry you are feeling sad and sick. I hope you feel better soon. 
