Most common words for this cluster:
[('sick', 1713), ('im', 166), ('ill', 89), ('home', 77), ('feel', 71), ('care', 53), ('today', 51), ('day', 51), ('work', 49), ('sucks', 48), ('lol', 42), ('amp', 42)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sick', 0.8875008821487427), (u'everything_Akaogi', 0.7683741450309753), (u'Some_antiflu_drugs', 0.7493583559989929), (u'deathly_sick', 0.6673904061317444), (u'LAPADITE_If', 0.6574206352233887), (u"Why_aren'tI", 0.6459901928901672), (u'Ughh', 0.6454561352729797), (u"Sorry_ma'am", 0.6386381387710571), (u'husband_Thomas_Zimpelman', 0.6368311047554016), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6352235674858093)]





@lolitariot oh no  hope you're not getting sick too!
@KelleyRowe hey, you remember that time we used to be friends?? ;)  ugh. vomit. sick.  i need sleep 
@stephenkruiser i so sorry for your loss. my brother dog sam is sick w/cushings disease. 
is still effinggggg sick  when will i get better?! ughh
feels like crying that's how sick i feel 
i'm up, so much paperwork to do today. `n i'm kinda getting sick  not fun
Trying really hard not to get sick from all of the stuff I just took to get rid of my cough. 
omg this bed is making me sick  i cant even sleep in it 
Up with my sick little girl who just came in my room and vomitted on my bed.  
at work  plus im sick. blah..
is somehow sick again...2 days till my exam..wonderful timing 
goign 2 scholl baghhh !!! -_- im tires woke up early.. fell asleep sick 
there is NOTHING worse than an ill-fitting bra 
grrr... at home, sick... so depressed... 
@tonycarrera oh no! poor dear! between her surgery and now being sick, she can't seem to catch a break 
is new to this madness..and sick of the library 
Is at work and sick blah 
Enjoying the weather and cuddle my sick cat... poor girl has epilepsy 
@CandelaCandela yep, and it's worst because i got my husband sick, too.  we shouldnt have shared that frosty 
my little baby is sick today... sad face 
@Jodelka you know i'm broke! how high maintenance would i be to spend my non-money on nails  i'm sure yr sick of the same excuse but BROKe
cold, tired, stressed, annoyed, irritated, getting sick... ugh, i hate life!!  can't wait till the weekend, i get to see people again...
I'm home with a sick monkey again  poor kidlet has some weird cough. and pinkeye, just had to ambush her with eye ointment... joy!
So sick with the only hangover and on my way to school 
at the house tryna take care of a sick moe.... 
@Killandra holy crap u ok? U sound really sick 
is all achey. I hope I'm not getting sick  off to bed.
I have eaten too much chocolate bunny...burp!  feel sick 
is taking care of his sick mother today. 
sittin in the breakroom eattin a meatball sub and waiting to curl back up in bed for a looooong sleep.  i hates being sick.    boo!
why do these meds not help?? im sick of being sick. its painful, stressful, and sucks. 
has a sick child...should be a great weekend 
@ work...feeling super sick!  http://twitpic.com/3j2d9
my poor roomate is sick  and my boobs are leaking gross!!!!
bummed cuz the boy is sick...there goes the weekend...poor baby 
sad that I am stuck home sick in bed 
Being sick is not the business... 
i hate stressin out my mama...she sound sick too.. 
My grand daughter is sick 
Oh hi guys, just woke up again, I hate being sick cause all I do is sleep! 
I'm sick. I hate being sick its saturday! 
sick of washington.. i just miss my friends 
is super tired and kinda sick 
seriously could you be anymore of a cow if you tried? am trying to be nice and help you out. am sick of being treated like shit. over it 
My sister is sick  I'm up taking care of her...wouldn't have thought she was 17 with all this crying *sigh*
feels that she will fall sick again.. 
is looking after a sick steve 
@emilyruppe not cool!  Today the weather was a bitch, I felt a little sick too 
Getting sick .. thanks Tally ahah jk.. stupid allergies 
After all my efforts I have contracted his flu anyway. Being sick = NOT cool! 
dude, i feel horrible  i hate being sick.
just stayed at home cuz my daddy is sick 
awake with a sick little guy.  
im fair sick,,,just so ye know 
no longer nauseous, but my intestines are tied in very tight knots  there should be laws against being this sick on a sunday.
Home taking care of a sick wifey 
gah seriously! im sick..leave for chicago tmrrw mornin too..im going to make some soup. my bones hurt 
@christamacphee your sick a lot. 
taking care of my sick boys 
I think my puppy's sick 
I feel like crap on this fine mornin... gettin sick  I need my medicine
Oh man my tonsils are killing me this is a bad week to get sick 
so sick of this nasty weather.. 
Lol @aplusk sorry to hear that u r sick  get well soon!
taking care of sick baby 
I hope alex is going to come over today but shes way sick i hope she gets feeling better i love her so much and shes way sick 
ugh feel sick from drinking too much yesterday 
At home sick with a lousy cold 
well not really, but i did feel kinda sick 
sick! fever-ish, flu-ish, headache-ish 
is a sick little lady 
needs way more sleep... I think I'm getting sick, not cool 
ugh, i'm sick again! mummy is kinda sick too 
a little bit sick at home , poor me 
Obviously, that sleeping thing never worked out.... I hate being sick. 
has a cut in hr nose  im tired. and sick. i have runny boogers 
@isateresa - join the sick bay club 
My girl is sick. 
@alexismom191 Lol..i understand sky blue makes me look young..hehe ill be 18 soon and i dont want it to come..  want to stay young 4ever
is trying to get a decent breathe. I hate being sick! 
@Abbybn u sick????   something is going around and I got it too 
will be home with my sick little girl today 
sick  roomie gave me her cold my throats sore (hurts to swallow my cereal) super tired 24/7 now. damn colds
sick of my job...sick of alot of things 
1) My daughter's scary sick 2) I might have just lost my new job 3) 
@1NaturesVariety and they got sick and won't eat them, now they won't eat the nuggets either. 
i feel like death. oh, how i love being sick. 
why has @roxibear left @twitter????? I'm worried sick about her  
@K1LLa add being sick to that  miserable
@_amberlovely as in sicky sick, yeah 
Still feeling sick  need coffee!
Is taking care of her sick dog 
@sickforcute any alternatives though? I'm getting sick of etsy as well 
good morning 5am, z is sick. trouble sleeping, sneezing, comfort nursing 
sick!!! been sneezin' my brains out!!! 
staying up far too late~feeling dang sick 
x-men origins:wolverine was badass! still being sick is not! 
My tummy hurts...I don't want to get sick. I got plans tomorrow. 
Me being sick = sucky because i cannot sleep! 
feelin sick as hell, wasted saturday being sick and tired 
my throat is beginning to hurt, usually the first sign of getting sick. boo 
i'm supposed to be going out tonight but now i have to fill in for some shows cos another girl called in sick... Not fair 
tending to a sick boy 
i hate being sick yo. This is some bullshit to be sittin @ work when I need to be laid up in bed 
clinton is sick so sad 
@stackedgroup oh yesh you did haha anyways i hear your feeling sick  (i am nearly better)
feeling horrible! sick... again  momma is making me an egg, lol.
i wish i could give you some kiss now. bah! im breathless and feel sick 
maybe it wasnt the oj..... feelin sick 
feel a little sick 
i hate being sick. thank you isabelle. 
Ended upp not goin to the tournament. got sick last night &amp; my asthma triggeredd 
ugh the smell of subway is making me sick today 
can't believe it... i'm losing to a rug!! just kidding. but it sure feels like it- i hate being sick! 
my bby sopha is sick. 
at work  and im sick....
watching a movie and feeling sick. poo.   
is starving. All I've had to eat is fruit, but I'm afraid if I eat anything, I'll get sick 
off to bed. had to leave work early because I have a sick baby 
is feeling sick and is scared it will turn into something bad 
sick.  that's ok though, i guess the ability to breath is overrated.
only 3 hours sleep andnow feel sick  party was good though 
feeling barfy... ughh i do not enjoy being sick! 
ill  ohh.....i only have holidays......its ok your effing illness :-/
is just waking up. feeling a tad sick 
ugh i dont think i can go shopping anymore cause im sick 
looks like we'll be worshiping from home...our lil man is sick again 
Home with a sick baby and a sick hubby 
gotta sleep soon! my whole body is tired from long dayy trip! hooaaahhh... so sick! 
head ache, feel sick, ew, but i have too much work to skive off 
is doing homework and is sick 
says this crazy weather is making me sick.  http://plurk.com/p/rkinb
taking care of a sick child. 
I think im getting sick 
sick from last night D: sore throat and a bitt congested.  friend @ the party was like &quot;so many people, hope they don't have swine flu ...
still superr sick. don't know if I'm going to school tomm or not. 
awww shyt soulja boy is sick and gotta go to the hospital 
going to the grocery. eb's sick  it's still raining
being lazy, hoping shes not getting sick! 
Finally home. Collapsed on the couch. I'm feeling sick though. Last part of drive I felt queasy and like I was gonna puke. 
sick.sad.miss.empty.cry.tears.headache... getting worse.. 
ah doing all my homework  then doctors tomorrow to get rid of this sickness eww.
My baby is sick....he has a fever. I hop he feels better tomorrow 
getting a lot of rest b/c i don't want to get sick 
One more day with lonng hair... then chop! i miss my sick nae... 
@Angeduh Haha I know, and I'm getting a little sick!   But I keep washing my hands like crazy yo!
im really feeling sick...i need hubby 
is starting to get sick..... booooo 
is sooo sick!  And going in for surgery on thursday
meow.... staying up late sucks like 5 days in a row. im getting sick of going to bed when the sun is comming up 
@druthawriter im sick to death over here.. i went hard in the studio.. meaning being a perfectionist.. so now im hoarse.. 
...being sick, after avoiding the germ-carriers for over a week! 
trying to stay up :s on a school niight its 1 44 idk but i get tired when theres school next day and i think im gettin sick  swine flu :O!
i h8 being sick cause when i sick my craves are like a pregnant woman. 
thinks i am getting sick... 
I kinda wish my sick ass decided to stay home cause I'm really not feeling well 
sick, sick, sick!  gotta go to the doctor later! will someone call mcdreamy??
Saying a prayer for my boss  him being sick makes me sad.
Sitting at my desk at work wishing I was home taking care of my very sick husband. 
@meglyn what a lame way of using a sick day. 
@bessiemc It is, just too depressing  Would move to warmer climes in an instant, sick of being soggy ;-)
...sick and i hate it  last podcast of belgrade clubbing http://www.zshare.net/audio/59492816519ef9a0/
im tired and sick! it suuuuucks 
is taking care of my sick daughter today. 
sitting in health...sooo bored.. 
rainy monday, sick child and lots of laundry 
Just sitting in the doctors office with mom. Being sick stinks! 
ugh im so sick its ridiculous and my mom is being really bitchy 
I'm getting sick! I hate allergies!!! I don't have time for this! 
@pindabear Is sick  http://twitpic.com/4waeq
im fucking sick. stupid bad bacteria or whaterver it is that gives me colds 
taking care of my sick husband    hope he feels better soon.
getting sick...guess I'm not invincible after all 
@therealTiffany sorry youre sick..i have pinkeye..and cant wear my contacts for 5 days 
thinks the movie made her dizzy and sick...I don't feel good   #fb
Oh geez I just got sick , great 
sick with a fever too.. this sucks. 
I think im getting sick 
Wishes pizza hut didnt make her so sick! Tastes so good 
feeling sick and pukey.... 
My poor little man is sick.... might have to take him to puppy doctor tomorrow 
been drinking since thursday... need a break dude. lol ( sick  )
fuck being sick with a fever. i want to go to disneyland! 
i hate it when people talk behind your back and you hear.. then they deny it to your face! im sick of it 
OF on the peppercorn, feeling sick now 
sick of being seriously in lvoe with someone sooo totally wrong 
stil feeling sick  now i'm officially a fan of emergency rooms :'(
sick of the same old shit every day. 
I'm offcially love sick and I don't like it. mark not being here sucks  anywho better get off to bed school in the morn' xoxo
hey! so bad ... my mom is sick! 
@LuvD143 heyy! awwz being sick sucks  I hope u feel better soon!
sick  i should sleep.. goodnight!
Ugh..sick as fuck and cant sleep 
I can't sleep I'm not feeling well  I hope I'm not getting sick #fb
i think im starting to get sick... 
woke up in agony...  ughhhhh I hate being sick  gimme sommmmmmme vicodin!!
don't y but feelin kinda sick... 
@iamdiddy ME.... and im sick too 
@Kennedia Aww im now sunshine too! I'm okies. Feeling bit sick but it not cos of exam...think i'm becoming ill again  x
@jenbishopsydney i totally got sick as soon as i returned from my epic trip. sounds like it's your turn. 
ahhhh back at maclab...starting to really get sick of this place. but got a few more nights here to come 
HAs a sick puppy.. 
taking care of a sick baby 
super tired. i better go the bed soon or i might get sick nooooooo 
Waiting for ny to philly bus freezing and sick. Not a good combo 
http://twitpic.com/55hkr - what my morning at work is consisting of. I'm a sick lil one! 
@CharlieShrem  oh it is fair alright...I went to wk, but then came hm, my son is sick and my niece got  diagnosed w swine flu yesterday 
@nzebula oh i hope you're feeling better too. It's no fun being sick 
damn why cant i just bounce back- i feel all sick n under the weather n ish!!  ugh!!!
Thinks her bf is sick of her &amp; may break up with her soon....  only time will tell
i think im getting sick... 
night, twitteronia. i'm gonna drag my sick carcass to bed 
hanging out being bored...kinda sick 
sighh.. what else can go wrong ? feelin sick 
I am home sick with no on to take care of me damn it sucks being single , I want my mama 
Our new orphan kitty is sick 
Oh wow... I seriously feel sick without my special someone 
@elaineteoh im still sick gal  sobs..i dont like being sick.esp waking up from sleep.that's when it's worst 
@tommcfly i know what u mean! Being sick sucks!  im sick nw 2
love sick? yeah, i think so 
i think im getting sick. 
@goodandbroken89 lol yeah you were talking to a sick sara 
just wants this sick feelin to goe away.. 
my bananas i just bought are already brown... guess ill just go to bed 
needs to nap (ew) but seriously. I think I'm getting sick coz I sleep so little 
Feels very defeated right now from this sickness and really wants to cry. 
@mitchelmusso my saturday was awsome. but i was kinda sick. now im rele sick 
rehearsing but kind of sick 
that was way to much yesterday. feeling sick. 
our sick fish just passed away  he was always disadvantaged but always came to nibble your finger before bum shuffling off again. 
Just woke up and I'm pissed because I sound and feel sick.   
shit! i think i am getting sick 
@FitTreasures no  got sick
I don't even know why my eyes are open right now. I was having a very strange dream and then I heard my poor sick nephew crying 
@zombiechelle that sucks! last couple of headaches of mine were sinus migraines that made me throw up and sick for a day..  feel better
Just woke up... That muffin made feel sick 
My buddy is in town but i have to work  maybe I'll get sick
Is it to early to be waking up at 6 and ur sick  i hate it i can barley breath it suxs =(
My cat is sick 
@lizzy1e I know, but it's rainy. That is my hesitation. I'm still not over my last cold/fever and I don't wanna get re-sick. Haha. 
i dont feel good. i think im getting sick. 
Is wishing i could be beside my sick hubby.  I am going to make him chicken noodle soup when i get home.
so sick of all this! i just want things to go back to how they were 
In sick for the weekend and it sucks    ..... But thats life
@letyourselfgo im sorry  come over and come swimming. ill call in sick haha
instead of enjoying this nice slice of weather, im in bed sick 
trust me to get sick as soon as my gcse's start 
my mommy is sick  i hope she get's better soon...
just got out of the shower feel verrry sick  cant hold carleigh =[
just woke up..&amp;im sick!  ugh.. &amp;really hopes i can go get my hair dyed today.
camped, rained all night got sick. ok now. went to church want to go shoping with friends can't board 
@TheBeast32 LOL... I'm doing ok, feel like I'm get'n sick 
@xKiefferx you're making me feel bad for getting sick  i'm sorry
feeling sick after curry  but it was good!!
@KayluhhhxD ahh longs sleeps are always the best though  id love to be able to have done that today. how sick? 
aahh, getting sick with a cold ! 
@ComedyQueen its really not funny, my mum won't even write me a sick note  x
feelin a little sick....think i'm gettin the tummy flu 
Being sick sucks when your ears pop 
Still don't want to go to school. I still feel a bit sick. 
My honey is sick again!  I think he's getting old!
@kimberly625 i suck, that's wat i get for getting sick and being away from the computer. 
matt is sick.he has puked up everything in his tummy. 
im so sick of being in pain!! and sick of being lied to  i hate feeling like this
getting sick, it's miserable outside, yuck   *
didn't even smoke any hooka---but still feels a little sick just from being around the smoke. no me gusta 
late. walking in the rain, i think imma be sick again 
is so tired and sick, blaaaah. lame - i want to be healthy 
is so tired and sick, blaaaah. lame - i want to be healthy  btw, first day back @ school was hell..
maths exam this arvo (wish me luck)...feel sick but have to go in seeing as it is my GCSEs 
k im starting to get annoyed with my laptop I tink its ill  its like 5 months old 
@spandexx fuck you. you just killed my pokemon joke.! lol @arcadecore, ill hear yours - dianne killed mine 
Feeling sick and sorry for myself 
sick ass hell :/ food,pizza,chipz didnt go well      mE VasQuie 
is all snuggled up in ther blanket and watching the cricket, i doo hate being ill it brings my spirts down 
.@shaddybabybitch hey!! i'm a bit sick  how are you?
everyone is sick. including me 
I think im getting sick. A bug or something-i dont wana be sick! 
is sad - grandma is sick.... 
is getting married in five days and woke up sick  darn you airborne!! you failed me!
FAIL! @Mrshauser52309: is getting married in five days and woke up sick  darn you airborne!! you failed me!
is at home with a sick muffin 
erhhhhhhhh hahahha, my mommm is sick  this sucks ! but i have a rave this saturdayyy
In bed relaxing feeling sick again after homework  better get used to it tho watching tv then ipod
feel like i'm getting sick  hope i don't have swine flu! what? that joke is over? oh.
was up three times last night with a sick dog 
feeling sick .... everything i touch is cold WHYYYY!!!! im coming down with a fever again its like every two weeks i get sick again..... 
sick again  damn weather!  send bee pollen!
fells like shit! .. soo efffing sick 
Twitz I've been up listenin to music...my mood is blah I woke up feeling sick 
Just woke up &amp; I feel like shit. I hate being sick! 
my puppy's sick 
im home sick    threw up    
ehhh. home; sick. i miss study hallll and my fuurr-anns 
In bed sick.  had a headache so took some meds....guess its not a good idea on an empty stomach though....fail
@DonnieWahlberg glad to hear u had fun!! sorry to hear about u being sick  i will be on the boat next year!!
feeling sick, staying home. hope it's just a 24 hr bug. boo 
i'm going to go crawl into a hole and die.....  im sick of life... im sick of crying... im sick of heartbreak 
late to class. and im feeling sick 
stayed homee. im so sick 
sick,  but super happy that there is only 4 days left of this internship!!
i cant believe how bored i am................ ppl arent gettin sick anymore...thas good n bad 
am sick, i hate being sick, and the doc wont let me work because i have the flu... not that flu! just the regular flu.. 
Not feeling so hot  pretty congested and have a little cough. Prayers would be appriaited cuz i can't afford to get sick again.
its cold! im bound to get sick...these weather changes are no bueno for my body... 
i feel like crap!  I hate being sick!
thnk for putting up with my flooding ill stop now im soori 
ill - i feel like someone has just got hold of my stomach and started strangling it, urgh  not fun http://tumblr.com/xao1ub01y
thinks he got his hubby sick. 
up w my son poor guy is sick 
Shit should I call in sick or what, my kid was asking me if i could hang out with him tomorrow 
being sick doesn't help my already tight dissertation-writing schedule at all  #fb
sick... again... always sick  icecream :R
@AdamMilad :o i know the feeling of being sick, its veryy lame, im sick too  cant wait for princess theatre show! xx
wished i didn't have to go to school today. im sick of seeing your face and falling apart everytime i see you! fuckkk. 
@Blakeybelle ! wth, it's kind of sick that money is one of the first thing that comes to mind when he's thinking of his mum...  i cba lol
@87654321 I had to phone in sick did i not tell you last night? i cant remember hah  swine flu,. still going out tonight but ha
@MontyMacalino i don't feel like going anymore...im sick  damn
missing work to take care of a sick kiddo 
Is home but sick as hell 
I miss my giant pearls &amp; am sick of wearing this little, regular-sized, punkass ones. 
@sarapatton  I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he feels better. ;( Nothing worse than sick kids... I have to say I'm sooo glad thats over...
Wuddup tweets...woke up sick ...went to work but left cause its killing me 
bored feeling sick  doing homework &amp; eating subway :p
3 runny noses, 3 hacking coughs, 3 tired and sick Wankels 
@fsamurai  hey! I heard that your kids are kinda ill  are they ok?
@TheRealReggieB damn u sick 2..aww man. This shit is gettin crazy! I'm 3days in 
Wanting to go home to my sick daughter 
I really hate being sick.  lt sucks so much. All l want to do is see my baby and lay with him and cuddle. l miss him. 
insane.. am actually home &amp; not working! hate being sick 
Tired as hell  why does being sick throw off your sleeping patterns?
My mouse is sick. 
Up late with a sick little girl 
@fatinjua the kitten fell sick  i wont be able to keep him 
i feel really bad for those gosselin kids, they know whats going on &amp; it just makes my heart sick 
im cold , and sick 
i think i'm getting sick ughh 
Feeling kinda sick  I hate the feeling...
Still not at full capacity. Being ill sucks  but need to work for customers don't deserve sacrifice.
@NIYANA not a damn thing...its been a man down,code 10 4 me...I'm a lil sick!!! 
I feel kind of sick . I am going to bed . I think it was the puke green cake i ate today . Not a very bright idea ..... 
thinks this feeling may be chicken soup status. also needs to be taken care of when sick...may be sick 
in bed still feelin sick thanks to allergies 
Morning all ,, i think am sick  ehe2 
All the business and lack of sleep lately is just a recipe for me being sick.  painnnnnnn....
All the busy-ness and lack of sleep lately is just a recipe for me being sick.  painnnnnnn....
@DonnieWahlberg hard to do when yu r stressing over a sick parent.  pray for us. 
so sick i am dyingggg  trying to get comfy on my couch....
woken early by a sick boy 
@MzLadi_B N im feel n sick already from drinking earlier  ugh!
Hates being sick. It sucks 
@JustinOdom dbl booooooo for being sick, flippin blows! ... bahaha i kno i dont have many friends on here either. i feel so lame  haha
hates continually getting sick whenever he has exams 
I'm awake and can't sleep bc I'm feeling sick  yuck!!!
I was sleeping soo good but just woke up like 10 mins ago n got sick  not feeling so great. I wanna go back to sleep but I'm wide awake.
sick of having constant bad dreams  grr
@ShesElectric_ i'm in bed sick atm-been sick since yesterday   hru hun?
The puppy is sick  and some one put they hands on my momma &gt;:-|
Beyonce helps me through the day, I'm starting to get sick 
Sitting @ home sick.... wish this cold wuld go away.... start skool mon!!! yay!!!! not so much 
one of my cat's is sick 
Ugh I'm so sleepy  I think I'm still kinda sick
in class sick and hungry 
sick of math 
@johannabee I hope it's something relatively minor and easy to heal. I can't stand it when the furbabies get sick. 
my little booboo is sick 
taking care of sick children 
everybody is sick 
@lauraEchilds u really dont right now! i am as sick as a newt in a freezer! its aweful  x
@PandaMayhem my kid is sick too tho..i can't do it by myself.  i can't go there by myself like a crazy stalker
At work sick  but I'm ok to the mall!
@onchmovement oh no your sick! I'm feeling kinda sick too  and I'm hating this overcast weather!
So tired n sick-what the fuck is wrong w me 
@ the drs. in beverly hills...doctor's scare crap out of me 
@APWright well kris is making me a sick panda 
so im super sick w/ a fever 
sick on wifes bday= double 
@rachelgirl5 I can't go to the grocery store on an empty stomach. That's trouble! I wanna see ur show but not sure ill get to  let u kno
Brian (cat) still hasn't shown up...I feel sad and sick, I'm afraid he's been eaten by something.    It doesn't look  good 
too many meds. sleeepy sleeepy. I hate being sick 
I feel like poop. I hate being sick 
listening to ryan adams and being sick 
i am soo fucking sick of wades mood swings... uhh i hate him.. he's an asshole!! ahhhh  
So my parents are too busy making me feel like crap to realise that I've got worse and need to see a doctor again. No sleep sucks 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/67swx - haha wish i could call but i cant talk cause im sick and i lost my voice 
Thinks she's getting sick..... 
my puppy is sick  
@madpierrot im sure  s'okay, ill save my $$ and before u know it weiss will be mine.
being at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like crap 
just woke up still fukin sick 
feeling sick and wondering if I should get out of bed to go throw up or just go to sleep... 
i think im getting sick 
sick... but still studying...   movie and blanket please?
Not happy about being sick on my weekend off  sniffle.
@LeahMOB hahaha I know right!  so sad he has that cane ill rub him dowwwn haha
@LETS__GET__THIS sick? i'm the one that did it! lol the last thing i want is my cat escaping.  it was for her own good!
@green_i_girl i'm sorry you poor sick girl 
watching some will &amp; grace, lol... good show... still feeling sick.. but oh well.. 
My foot hurts soo much  I am feeling very needy like when your sick as a little kid &amp; all you want is your mommy :/ ughhh
getting sick  but missing stunting on the mats...i would totally be a professional cheerleader or something haha
My momma is sick again. 
My wife works at the hospital &amp; keeps bringing home diseases &amp; making me sick. Why is it I only get sick on days off? 
i dont feel so great, i think im getting sick 
 im officially sick
decided to stay in toniiight cuz papa is sick.  his health is more important than anything else.
@shivanisbanans my mommy got sick there ! 
is at workk feeling like shit. I hate being sick 
Just finished s.darko, it wasn't as good as the 1st one. I think im getting sick 
What a sad day, just found out my grandmother is sick and in the hospital... 
@jdotill I wanna, there's hella traffic on the 15 rite now though. u got some meds? I'm feelin sick  lol
Taking care of my sick little penny puppy 
@caminodiablo I've been really tired and kinda sick lately 
@MissKellyO what the hell is it? I think I'm gonna be sick 
I am honestly sick and tired of being sick and tired. it's weird thats a song but its true. 
I'm taking care of my sick doggy 
Feeling little sentimental and juicy is little sick I'm worriedd 
my puppy is sick 
@northonm31 twitpic!!! lol and nothing prob, feel sick 
I think I am having a sick relapse   #fb
@yarrachamp being sick sucks. 
tired and kinda sick, but must go to work in the morn as defiantly poor 
i just read something that upset me so much that I am nauseous and sick to my stomach about it 
My aunt is sick..  Maybe i'll visit her tomorrow.. or even now..
@whiskas9 in my sick bed. 50/50 on all of todays shenanigans 
Blahhh feelin sick  work til 2
so worried about my sis I might get sick myself 
felling just a bit sick 
I hate being sick but hate going to the dr even more 
I.Y.P.C is over  have to go back to school. i might cry mabey i'll get sick. hopefully i'll ohh and i wrote a poem on johnathan thurston..
hates being sick!! I miss out on everythin!! And no1 cares 
with my main man. thankfully hes not crazy yet. p.s. i am getting sicker and sicker 
my baby boo is sick, the darling  .. feel better soon babe :* ...
@jaynedampf    on the upside! I found this stage we have to all go to, and it has a sick playground!
it's so sad when someone has to come to the hospital, to see a sick loved one....so sad 
has discovered if you eat to many orange flavoured M&amp;M's yu feel sick 
Wow....you put off spending time with someone and then it may be too late...sick to my stomach. 
crap day. sore, sick, sad saturday 
satellit by guter   best   song  to  listn to  when  ur sad  that  some one  does not like u !!!!     ill be back soon
being sick sucks Gerrr!!! im not allowed out of my house 
so ..  i just got sick..  ew i feel gross 
 gettn meds for my baby. he's got a stuffy nose and now a cough. his 1st time getting sick
startin 2 get home sick wish the studio was closer to queens 
@SarahG8s hmmm my rents are sneeky they will check up on me lol,plus they know i havent cause ibeen ill 
im so sick...someone bring me soup 
Last day of vac and sick 
@prettybrown83 A little bit, I think I'm starting to get sick 
@pinkxmx aww i was hoping u wouldnt get sick. 
So sick, shouldn't have slept under the fan with the A.C. on 
Eatn frozen apple sause: im sick 
hates being sick  laying around the house all day
thought i was ur only 1....i wish i dint love yuh so much.....sometimes....sometimes i wish i could leave..  sad  and sick of my life.....
@annieisabitch haha i really didnt mean it like that. woopsies. im so hung over and feel like shit!! i want a pedicure.  call in sick!
I wish i was at the rays game.  but im sick
@fireflies_uk I love the song but have actually become sick of hearing it since her audition  #bgt
sick. headache. nap. work. booo 
hate 2 B sick can't go out can't drink alcohol  
my younger child sick 
my brother is sick!! 
@Redsmeanderings I've been laid up sick, dang flu complicates my situation 
sad  our kitty is sick!
@EversePZHC thnx dollface! I hate bein sick... 
sick like crazy 
I think im getting sick  eff the rain
i got my mom and dad sick  sorrrrry!
I hate being sick with nothing to do. 
My poor baby is still super sick  He's having chills too, it's scary...
so sick, i just want to fall asleep until im better 
eugh.  think im sick again 
I dont feel to good might be getting sick 
Wow, I am a sick fuck. How did I get like this? 
I do not feel 2 well , i dont know if its something i ate or getting sick!!!!! 
My cat is sick again. 
finally single...... so sick of douche bags don't dare ever punch me. why am i still crying?? 
i  am feeling ill, tired  and is pure shitty 
i am so upset right now...I'm still at work and about to die of sickness I've got a horrible fever and my ass shouldn't be here!! 
sicky me is stuck in bed all night while my family is at the baby party.  wish i was there, but don't want anyone else to get sick...
Just finished a mountain of work and now ikm heading home..feeling sick and yuck all around 
Hopefully I'm not getting sick. Bunch of ppl from work were sick last week. Now I'm getting a sore throat 
BOOOOOOOOORRRED!! i want to go shopping  everyone is bloody sick!
I think im gettin sick!!  ughhhh
in the house still sick wit a fever  checking out some of blak's tracks on oramarecords.com
I think I may be getting sick  I feel like crap.
Oh oh starting to not feel so good! I REALLY hope that I'm not getting sick 
@Diamonds_Pearlz  snuggled up in bed sounds good. Home made chicken soup is g8t for colds &amp; flu... take care and get some sleep. xo
@imunpredictable lol...yo child is sick 
Another night of sickness in my house...cold and asthma = sick 2 yo. 
rocky horror picture show!!!! and im sick.  
taking care of a sick little girl!!! 
Spending her saturday sick on the couch 
any cheerful person want to volunteer to greet in my place @mosaic tomorrow a.m.??  I am sick sick sick 
I think I am getting worse.  fuck being sick.
I keep on thinking i'm seeing alfred alfred kids at this show. I'm feeling a little 'fred sick. 
@x_Kateeeee was feeling sick yesterday and couldnt fall asleep  i watched so many movies
leaving for brisbane in 2 days. I feel a bit sick though 
My body's still sore from yesterday and i think i'm gna get sick 
@JordinRobMylife hahha i know i saw your update. my eyes hurt so freakin' much, i'm getting sick  but besides that i'm ok!
have some rest due sick 
laying in bed sick as hell. 
So freaking sick. I can't fall back asleep 
aweee... my momma is sick.... i dont want here to be sick....    
@Mezhead  oh hon  sick leave tomorrow?
2 all nighters fukk chyeahh! school 2morro tho  feel sick! iilyy
@tienqueen ya bettter...still slight fever though. being sick is sooo boring 
sisters bird swooped me, again  feeling sick &amp; working on music assignmentt
@bethharperwalsh sorry to hear  BUT! It's totally controllable. I'm just sick of people giving me D: looks whenever I clear my throat &gt;:-/
My grandad's really sick 
tummy aches. using my laptop. im here lying on the hospital bed...... :| ill be here for 5 days. 
wont be able to watch E3, ill be stuck doing at school doing my exams :S am well nervous, shame bout missing E3  #XboxE3
sooooooooo frickin tired and feel sick.. yaaaayy im so excited 
My whole house is sick...fabulous! I feel that virus coming back 
is in pain  i hate sunburn so much. worst nights sleep ever! fowl mood. sick of all the akwardness disney films &amp; evlis will cheer me up
Jellybean has a sick tummy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6848929
@cottonandcloud hi sure I looove knitting and cats too hehe I had an adorable lil boy but he fell sick hadta put him to sleep 
7amnood is sick again  I hate this weather and its friggin diseases!
gaaaah im sick!! didn't stick around for lyle's show anymore 
so effing sick!!! i have a headcold.. 
I think im getting sick 
is sooo sick and tired of bein hurt by guys all the time.... 
i had a horrible nightmare and feel sick to my stomach 
venice is sick right now. 
I dont enjoy feeling sick  tryin to sleep it off.
@NeonBlueTornado  get well soon! in hong kong if ur sick and need to go to hospital, they make you do it there!
@bunnybunnybun i was on meds to &quot;promote weight lose&quot; &amp; it worked- i stopped eating from being sick all the time -sorry about your tummy 
bored bored bored its a really nice day but once againg im stuck inside i hate being ill 
I feel lil sick   I miss  my studio I wish I feel better song I can make some new song
woke up a bit ago and is watching a sick @angeliquebirky.  #fb
is getting sick? but it's hot like summer out. this sucks arse royally 
Supposed to be at world superbike but am taking care of my sick mother instead 
argh im sick of having a poorly tummy. i finally get over the last one and now ive got another one 
on vacation with a sick little girl 
my mom is sick  taking care of her... shes taking a nap.
just woke up.  feelin sick.
god i hope i aint getting sick again. That would suck. 
awe, I can't go see them now, my niece is sick  I hope she feels better soon!
Sitting at the vet with my sick pup. Walkins only today...I got here at 11:30, they open at 12p, and there were so many others here. 
I still feel like doo doo hate being sick I miss drinking 
Sitting in bed sooo sick  think I have the swine flu
when little bit and mommy end up sick, no one goes to church 
at work and sick... this sucks 
Does anybody out there know a doctor or a nurse? I need to get a general sick note for my job by tonight 
oh nooooes, i think i'm getting sick 
being sick sucks. i ate a little bit of food thinking it would make me feel better and i jus feel even worse 
My poor brother is sick, making him chik soup!  
trying to find something for delivery that I can manage to eat...I really really REALLY hate being sick-poo poo poo! 
My dad is sick in the hospital. 
Ugh i hate feeling sick  i want my Babylove @slickjbm baby come take care of me 
Sitting with my sick cat...  But he will be ok very soon
i'm freezing  &amp;im sick. i've used prolly a whole tissue box in like 3hours.
lying in bed  crazy sick.
My doggy is sick 
So sick of being back here     http://yfrog.com/5ew9pj
@lilyroseallen I'm getting sick of this! I just want to have a normal conversation with you but all you do is write back to stupid ppl 
sick of screwing everything up &amp; being ignored  what'd i do wrong???
sore throat, runny nose, sneezes  dunno if i'm getting sick or if it's allergies. praying for the latter.....
I never want to go through this again..sick 
I think I'll get sick, because today i swam with my friends, and it's a little cold  
fuck being sick...can't even give her a kiss goodbye, and not to mention i feel like an old man 
watching the redwings game on tv...should be there  it sucks being sick on vacation
has a sick child 
@HASKET full of being sick unfortunately  summer is supposed to be fun but it isnt right now, haha. how's yours?
feels so sick   I just want to eat in peace...
@Andreaheartscgh is your mummy ok? awww. ill keep her in my prayers 
think im getting sick   trying not to think about it, mind over matter lol
I need to pee but I cant cause there is noone here to answer phones cause our receptionist is sick and in in the office by myself 
@ryanwata and ill be missing out on that tooo  really need to find a ride !
@dannygokey hey danny!  showin love from st. louis!  i'm up late with a sick kiddo tonight   love you!
On our way home had so much fun at the mtv awards and after party I think im getting sick my ear and throat hurt 
@latinoboi1988 but if I would call u up right now u would forget u waz sick huh!lol....u sick cause u haven't been getting no rest u azz 
i have been feeling sick all day  weak, hot, and nauseous. i should go to bed. goodnight &lt;3
Just got home and feeling kinda sick....too much coffee isn't good for me 
cold and sick  xo
 im so fucking sick of trying and failing.
has eaten a pack of perperami mini and feels a little sick 
my throat is scratchy  how come im getting sick AFTER my parents leave. this makes no sense and makes me sad.
stuck in shallow sleep and sick all day 
dice my bibo is sick  http://plurk.com/p/xligw
sick feeling in my stomach like ive done something bad  ahh
i think i'm getting sick and i wish i had someone to baby me 
I feel like i am just getting sicker and sicker. I feel like shit and if i go to sleep now i wont wake up in the morning 
ahahaha! what a painful throat  sooo sick of this
I don't wanna get sick  this sucks!
didn't go on the transfer bus, nannies coming to pick me up feeling sick 
my doggy is sick... 
Would love to call in sick on this beautiful day...the only thing is, I don't call in sick unless I am 
woke up sick  back to bed
i feel like watching the o.c. im sick of my own dramas 
@DJEIGHTMILE mornin' i'm getting sick  how you doin?
Hates being sick!! I feel like an old lady smelling of vicks and carrying tissues  http://myloc.me/2gN7
Is super sick but cant rest at all 
sick  but at least its june!
Taking care of a sick child today. 
ok so just got sick out of no were need some hot tea and a bed....oh and another shower 
Feeling better now :-D. . . . . But feels like i'm gonna be sick. It like it's stuck in the back of my throat 
looking after my sick boy 
Everything I eat makes me wanna vomit, so I need to make sure that wut I DO eat, is delicious, otherwise I'll get sick on shitty food. 
Feeling productive... but a cold is coming on, so I need to get more things done before I get more sick. 
http://twitpic.com/6ejn5 - ALL my twit people im sick today i thing i have the flu  i'm staying in bed. i'll hit all my peeps later. G ...
I feel like crap i hate being sick 
I think im getting sick... So not cool 
verry afraid for her apartment full of sickness 
My little girl is sick 
feeling a little sick this AM 
is sick and tired of always being sick and tired 
just snoozed my alarm for an hour....boo being sick 
son is sick... hoping i do not lose my job. 
sick  just thought i'd try this twitter thing.... i don't quite get it yet tho...
@baubert Congrats. You have now reached &quot;poop is coming out now&quot; status with your updates. Also: sorry you are feeling sick 
I feel like crap... sick and tired!!  
sick  laying around till basketball
In bed, sick  hate throwing up.
@supermac18 im sick too 
my puppy is sick. 
My mommy's sick 
I hate being sick  how did this  happen? And the june gloom makes it even harder to feel better or get out of bed
being sick  yesterday went to work then slept watched new moon trailer! woo! now just woke.
@krislininja aight thats cool ill come visit you in the hospital when they take out your infected larynx. 
Has a sick husband that is going cheap 
worry about a sick friend... 
So sick and tired of this ignition interlock!!! 
So sick...i think its more than a cold...way more 
omg this headache will NOT go away!! &amp; i'm starting to feel sick again....not cool 
barely got through class today; took a nap and i still feel like shit; attempting to do homework now. i hate being sick! 
had a nice lunch with my mom &amp; tia laura today, now just waiting to go to work &amp; still feeling sick 
Dads mad sick n goin 2 da hospital 
watching changeling, it's weird, I don't like being sick 
My poor little sick boy just informed me he's gotten sick 8 times today 
Ugh I feel like crap. I hate being sick. 
i hate being sick  i can't sing or do anything that takes too much energy... grrr
at home with a sick kid, starting to feel sick myself. dammit!!! cleaning for three hours straight may not have helped. 
getting sick....oh no. just in time for the precal final tomorrow  yucky
is apperently qettin a lil sick uqqqh. two days before ii qo out of town.  aint that some ish
My kitty is sick 
@littlelayknee yeah, i'm on antibiotics and mucinex...i have to keep my distance from vic to keep him from getting sick 
@YoungSlapz uuuuugh im sick too 
sick. who gets sick in june? feeling horrible 
@dustys_barks awww thanks. I think its getting worse. I can't afford to get sick 
My nose is stuffy all the sudden. i think im getting sick. 
my poor dog is sick  but otherwise havin an awesome day!
poor gigi has a throat infection! sick on vacation is the worst! 
sick  lying on the couch watching sesame street. hahaa
thank god i'm going to europe for 3 weeks. im sick of everyone 
Home with a sick kiddo 
is so freaking sick of testing! i just wish my whole singing career would take off 
I really need a shower but im sick and cbf right now 
i think im getting sick  ...noooo. -.-
@DaViexJonas ps i hope you're not getting sick  feel better!!
sick... probably the result of a sudden drop of adrenaline 
I'm like really hungry.but theirs no food to eat  ill post a pic of my fridge lmao
Fealing kinda sick 
Taking care of my sick baby   I hate how you can't take away the hurt.
sick and drinking hot tea 
I'm a big sicko, hope I don't get my Chikis sick!!! 
jus got up. didnt go to school today. feel sick 
poor boyfriend is sick......no sleepover then.... 
so im sick and cant go out. i told my friends go ahead &amp; go without me, lol they wasnt supposed to actually go they was supposed to stay 
is at home taking it easy. feeling a bit useless though (since i have just been lying in bed, eating, taking meds...) i hate being sick 
Feeling sick &gt;_&lt; now in bed missing the family chat  hope this is just a 24 hour bug....hate being sick
waaah! my shabibi is sick 
can't sleep...   im getting sick of this
About to take sick boy to the hospital at woy woy to wait for a dr...  .. i hope i am not there all night
@t_a_s_h_i I know right...I'm not sure why, I NEVER get sick typically...no fun 
I don't feel very well today, what's happen!!? should I go to see a doctor be4 sick? 
is looking after her sick bubba  
hopes my dad is feeling okay now coz he's not feeling  (sick)well  http://plurk.com/p/xuut3
i need to go run a bath tbh.. but its so hot  ill just get all hot and bothered. 
stomach hurts rly bad. staying home sick 
Home, feelin sick and shaky... 
on my way back to boston...sad and sick   but it was a great vaca while it lasted
I absolutely love waking up and being sick.  Thanks for sneezing in my face bro,Iowe you one... 
I'm up, sick no more (: and it a better temperature outside (: buut looks like I'll do zilcho seen as everyone went out when I slept 
just had dinner.. no appetite. think im getting sick 
Feeling like arse... 2 sick kids... still have to go to class! 
is feeling sick...inside...i wish i cud just throw up my feelings 
I'm gutted I can't find my sick sunglasses.   oh well. How's is everyone this fit afternoon?
being sick! sucks     blughhhhhhh im borde
I do feel bad for my other 2 dogs. They just get dog food.  I guess there are some benefits to being sick???
Oh my god yesturday I was exhausted, so I fell asleep at 6:15 pm, without having anything to eat for supper!!!! I felt a little sick!!!! 
My daughter went out to eat and ended up getting sick to her stomach.  I hope it isn't anything serious. 
ten hours at work, it's pissin me off  i'm sick, sick, sick!! uaaargh.
still feels sick but has to get her butt out of bed anyway 
up mad early for no reason... cant sleep being this sick... 
at home sick as a dog  I hope i feel better soon, this sucks!
sick..  watching tv with paris!
i feel kinda sick....ugh 
i'm preparing for mi maths exam  sick of this 
the sixth sheik's sheep is sick, just like me 
@KingTee1 no  I didn't lol..I'm asking..I haven't eaten real food in mad long..darn dentist smh
is being sick can ruin someones days...i feel crappy 
On my way to pick up a sick little boy. 
DAMMIT! I just deleted all the tweets I had on my phone from my gorgeous sick-nap!  fail.
@AeroSilly i called, i just got out of bed  i'm kinda sick. no one answered the house #
@ilianaarroyo stop feeling sick so you can come eat with me. 
was spinning herself really fast in her chair earlier today and her tummy still feels sick 
I'm so lonely in here...being sick...sucks butt 
I have a toothache and am tweeting in sick 
sad and sick!!! aff 
been feeling kinda sick today 
in bed...i feel as sick as a lemon,was sober earlier but am not now  x
ok - I'm getting sick   probably  physcosymatic
doesnt feel like being sick anymore   
slept from 5-10 tonight...ready for round 2!  Feeling sick   I'll spare sparse symptoms says the alliterator...
I'm so cold. I have being sick. Not cool spesh on my bday 
+ taking care of my dear sick puppy ..  +
I must be sick wen I dnt even have the energy to go to singing man wat is wrong with me 
I think I'm getting sick  oh no!
i dont know but i think im getting sick  not good!
hell-o to sickness 
still home. sick. fever is slightly gone. sneezing appears. wont make it for #tedxkl 
feels cold....... (sick) and i need someone by my side  ...... (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/y1yu5
@nifty84 it's because I'm gettin sick that your feeling down. I'm gettin the flu 
my baby is sick and i dont know whats going on  i miss him and wish he was here 
argh im so sick of everything. i hate these stupid teenage hormones 
good morning ! maybe got a new job, which is awesome// feeling sick a little bit 
im starting to get sick of not knowing what to do 
@_rosieCAKES dammmm u need to move in with me....lol... ill take custody!!! ahhaha.... dammm he strict like that  smhhhhh no bueno missy
@mrs_wallace I watched it too - really upset me  These people need prosecuting for animal abuse and then given some counseling - sick
beening bored. sick of everything 
Feeling mighty sick again 
sick of @lethal_logan sleeping  I want attention. eugh.
My puppy is sick. 
@kkaazz ohhh poor youuu  what time are you working tomorrow? ive felt sick since like sturday  could be stress making me feel sick thoug
sniff cough splutter. into work and back again...stephens sick 
Recovering after being sick 5x in a row yesterday.  http://tinyurl.com/olglxq
Really sad.. sick.. and feeling like crap... still got 3 hours of maths to do.. at least... 
Laying in bed, stil sick...hoping to get better soon.. 
@3littleladies  I feel the same way    I hate being sick!  'Hope you're feeling better son!
@riversideboy the acid levels in my stomach which was making me sick, so im medicated for tht nd cnt drink for 4 weeks  xxxx
I think im getting sick 
hey everyone i am soooo effin sick and im going to work 
good morning tweeples. I think im getting sick 
@myuhh I know, I already went down my sick road in april 
effing sick. this sucks 
went to bed sick, woke up sick ughh i just want to go back to bed  can't though it's graduation today!
says nothing like waking up sick  http://plurk.com/p/y5w1r
Goodmorning Everyone,gotta take care of my sick little girl 
About to go home  maddddd sick . Smfhh damn allergies. And i have a cold and god knows what else
damn I can't believe I gotta spend the day in bed (hates being sick) 
my throat is sore...sucks. home sick today 
@astridandrene thanks! the doctor said he could feel sick for a couple days  I truly feel like a parent now being up at 3am w/a sick kid!
sick at home... urgh... 
so sick  fml..i need to get back to school to do my damn summatives! 
im sick with a sore throat, bad coff, and fever  i hate being sick :'(
Has just eaten a big bag of sweets and now feels sick   !!!!
Watching the little mermaid with sick lucas. 
Taking sick bambino to the doctor. 
Being at home on a day off while sick with a cold= sucks! 
my puppy is sick 
@discoversooke i didn't see your @ the other day sorry! I'm good (yet sick) been having puter problems so haven't been opening messenger 
@ALJAJACKSON yeah, well get better soon. I hate being sick 
@cleaninggirl Awww sorry you're feeling sick? I bet it was the sausage fest. 
drifting in and out of sleep on the couch...ugh I think I might be getting sick! 
I hate wakin up sick..  soar throat sux..
still feelin sick. hoping to get better soon, because its friday nightttt 
sick as a dog, never reallly got that expression but im sick as a dog  
so last night i was feeling sick and i woke up and i'm full blown sick. Not working today. 
Mikkell is sick with the flu... my poor baby  Just tryna nurse him back to good health
I'm here, feeling exhausted and like shit. Nnnng I hate being sick. I turn into such a whiny baby.  Drives the boys nuts.
@CaroTheNyx lmao !!! means getting very drunk ill prob pass out wen i get home so i dont know if ill get to talk to u til 2mora 
taken care of my sick lil boy  hate seen him upset!
omg this totally is not fun i coughed and it really really cause of my asthma grrr seriously great time to get sick with test coming up 
@keza34 yeah.I miss im already  But its better then him being ill.
on more hour... but i think im getting sick 
feels sooooooooooo nasty.  i cant barely get up off the couch.. eeeewwwwww i hate being sick....   
@ashdiva928 nothin really. feelin kinda sick  you babe?
still haven't slept .. trying to sleeep  .. feel sick also booooo
sick and missing my boy 
I feel crappy this sickness is no joke. 
my chameleon is sick 
im so sick of my mother already. anyone else wanna take care of me? 
i just saw a dying/sick/hurt pigeon outside trying to fly but couldn't.  went to get a towel to try to help it  -ew , but  - now it's gone
hate being sick in general , but even more on fridays 
morning. boyf is sick still. so not sure if we are going now to forster to see my family. 
@ohhhbabyyy lmao my friend was like call them and i was like but i dont sound like my self cause im sick 
cant stop blowing my nose.. i better not be getting sick! 
Is enjoying married life but does not enjoy being sick, especially on a friday. 
real sick....   sounds like atl is the place to be tonight...
sick right now  i hate this feeling.
I'm feeling sick to my stomach. omg, I'm gonna lose it today 
so much pain   im sick of taking pills - especially since it hurts to swallow
Is cold and shivering... is getting sick  and i still have to clean and move my stuff... and my dad is coming tomorrow!!
Not feeling so good. I think this crazy week is making me sick 
1 liter wine. bratwurst &amp; potatoes. &quot;if i throw up, its because of the greasy food, not alcohol&quot; definitely not true. sick, sick, sick. 
i just realized ow many sick people there are on twitter......   ew
holding my sick girl 
TGIF friends!  It's been a long week @ work &amp; the baby is sick  hoping for an ultra relaxing wkd.
@jonaskevin okay topic huh, how bout swine flu? im worried sick bout my bf.. he has kinda symptoms of that flu 
im really tired of being sick 
i wanna go to the grove but i'm exhausted and sick. grad night was fun but i wish we didnt get separated  roscoestastes soooooooo good.
is sad her dog is sick the docter said it getting worse!! 
My superman is sick 
@jadedrosy I'm doing ok... I caught the flu  ugh I hate being sick...
@boheme06 me and my lady friend were going to go, but she got mad sick the day before and said nevermind 
aaargh, im sick and cant talk  
My little boo is sick 
I have a little bit of a headache and I kind of feel sick 
Yackn my brains away...i love bein sick 
@josephh_m im sick too  it's not good
sick border collie tonight   goodnight all
just got home from the hookah lounge it was iight feeling kinda sick 
back from hairdressers .. two hours of torture ... eeeeeek sick of stingy stingy bleach 
My bulldog is sick and it makess me sad 
@JammieAdams sorry to hear about you being sick, feel better 
@sophiedee i thought ur new brazzers shoot was already online  hehe.. ill have 2 wait
i can already feel it. im getting sick and my asthma is kicking in  fucking ayeee. whatever off to go sleep.
is feeling a little on the sick side, and doesn't want to go to work.... 
So cold in here, im sick. Where the hell is utaaaaaaaaa 
staying home sick thanks to my awesome coworker, so thats awesome, though being sick sucks  think its just a run of the mill cold though
i feel absoloutly terrible.  sooooo sick.
i don't really like this 'one more time' song... i'm getting kinda sick of it too cause it keeps coming up 
@rosalynneadams we can't go, coz my mum is sick.. 
Hates being sick in the middle of the night when I could be sleeping...... 
I think i ate toooo much fod tonight  feel so sick
i'm bored of being sick now. i wanna go out somewhere. but medication making me far too sleepy to drive and hubby cant 
My rat is old and sick.....no more hope 
pray for cray! super sick 
i think im sick  i slept for 12hours last nitee!! does anybody else do that??
is going to her last 9 - 5 shift then off for 2 days, too bad im sick 
I am really sick of waking up sick. Not looking forward to today 
I don't think I ever went to sleep...that juice stuff they were servin made my stomach sick  and my appt is freezin.....
is still a little sick and doesnt really feel like going to work tomorro 
sick  this sucks!!! so do relationships... ugh who needs men wen girls do it better anyway?
@VickiGarlick It is.  I'm starting to get sick with worry.  
our poor hampster is sick 
Ive been up all night with charlotte. poor baby is sick  i hope she feels better! i have a wedding to attend today!
Should be in work, currently in bed sick as a dog 
Uuuuuggggghhh!!!! feeling sick as a dog fuck!!!! 
In the middle of the gulf of mexico. So fucking sea sick 
has just seen star trek again! and feels a little sick again  win one lose one! lol
my daughter and I are both sick, no wordcamp for me    #wcchicago #wordcampchicago
I think im getting sick 
im as sick as a dog but i have to be at my swim meet 
im trying to figure out the way i feel :-s im sick and tired of how he is to me, but he's all i want 
the pup and I are both ill today  sucks to be us right now
want to go to sleep because im tired and sick ... and voice is gone so caant sing , could it get any wose i believe it can (bohoo!) 
sick sick sick. not a great way to start my summer 
sick from sushi 
sick of sushi 
i think im getting sick. 
hates this cold and don't like being sick.  http://plurk.com/p/yxjjl
@thedebbyryan http://twitpic.com/6q2q9 - Aw I wanted to go sooooo bad but my mom got sick   did you have fun?
everyone is sick, huh? including me. damn boogers! 
I'm feeling a bit sick 
its my day off and im stuck taking care of my sick dog 
feeling sick &amp;&amp; i have work from 5-whenever. ahhhh save meeee 
@GracieOliver ahhhhhh! why would you ruin my paradise like that?! sick dude. I have to go in and work with him.  is jon closing with me?
nothing like getting sick at your best friends shower 
sick with worry; can't even keep cherry green and blacks down 
...sick doggies can change a well planned day in a heartbeat! 
my brother is sick 
@KittyKat_1988 I cant drink malibu got sick off it before and now cant touch it eww  How much you had?
I think im getting sick 
peeved. looks like im going to be late for the concert on top of being sick. sweet 
i would fight a midget (provided they're as sick as me right now, of course) for some thai food. i am hungry and congested 
i be feeling sick  too many sweets at joannes lol xx
sick  babysitting tonight. i'm not exactly fond of kids.
feeling kinda sick....dont know why??    boo  
eh i think im getting sick  i miss my boyfriend so much :/
Still feeling sick.  Going back to book reading. *sigh*
Who knows the fastest way to cure a swore throat......im so sick 
@taraellis19 Wedding details pleeeaase! I'm home sick w/sick baby   what can you give me in 140characters? ???  
@lil69 awww  how did u get sick?
omg i hate my stomach!!  stupid new medication. feeling alittle unwell at the moment. 
I think I'm getting sick. This is definitely the fault of @swgs. 
ugh. can't even get off the couch. sooo sick right now. havnt received any tweet love in days. 
this day sucks. sick as a dog, moose lose and now pens are losing. 
Getting kinda home sick now  
o i think the babys getting sick i hate it when the kids get sick id rather get it 
is taking care of her sick boyfriend. 
I lovvve rain but I'm actually getting kind of sick of this 
@cbethblog So sorry you've caught the ick.  Hazards of caring for the sick little guys I guess.  
Hates feeling this sick when she has so much work to do 
Just finished watching the movie and now really feeling sick  can't wait until morning stuffy nose and feeling sick 
Feels so sick  and it's my brithday...
@highlandmusic: aww your sick  whats wrong
I think im getting sick 
I just got back from an amazingly fun day at the local amusement park! It was so great... until I started feelin' sick. x_x Has flu now. 
omg my bones are acheing  im so sick and no i havent got swine flu!
I feel like total shit sick!  
My little cousin is sick. 
sick  need some soup
ate too much chocolate, feel a little sick now 
still having fever. added with sneezing  aahhhhh im a sick cat
Feeling sick  ahhhhhh this can't happen right now!
its official im sick 
woke up and feel like death. I hope I die tonight because I hate feeling sick 
Is feeling sick all thanks so lack of sleep and didnt even get to see jake  darn.
at home sick..............blah blah blah.....i hate the year program and the extended project... 
In the hotel freeeeezing! And feelin sick!  x
i cant find any nyquil  soooo sick. all i want is to be able to breath again.
My back is that bad, i feel sick 
I'm sick  super sick  something hurts  in my body (:
sick and tired or just plain tired don't fuckin care at this point.. 
Workingg; feelin sick  can't wait to go home
My doggy is still kind of sick  he seems better though. He's acting normal now.
oh my god, a severed foot was foun in a wheely bin in cobham!!! where they found is literally minutes from my house! feel sick now! 
waiting patiently for @amamanaf and dya to arrive. going to the doctor now  feeling sick like shit.
@Sebianoti I know my grandad isnt either he has Enthasimea and fibres in his lungs! hes dying and hes proper ill! i miss them loads! x 
just got back from a party (: im tired. cold. and i think im getting sick 
Could not sleep!!! I think I slept a total of 7 min.  I despise being sick!!!
Holy crap I am pretty sure my sun burn is actually making me sick  I am so hot and my mom even put on this hospital strength spray!
My puppy is sick 
cant believe my whole house is sick now.. 
@rehmxo nahhman i swear you are .. i dont feel sick but i look sick its not good 
i'm starting not to feel well..huhuhu...yikes i don't want to get sick. 
forgot my kitchen sink was full of left over sick. I AM NOT AMUSED 
me and @pcdmelodyt got the same thing. is that sick of knee 
My cat is sick .i love u ,blair 
@alannahJc   i have irish tomorrow.. i might fake sick.. i dont get past tense verbs at alll!! lol-im not faking sick rly btw lol-
i feel.....................BLEHH! im tired and sick and my tummy hurts  hmmm
Last day of vaca...my honey is sick  
@tommcfly that sound like if u were sick of us  lol i get it. u must be very tired!
researching ways to help my sick puppies... 
One hell of a night fretting over my very sick kitty. 
My cat is sick. 
feeling better, but still a bit sick 
My puppy is sick   http://twitpic.com/6u4z5
Hates it when my little girl is sick! 
I don't want to be here at work.  i'm still a little sick and i'm super sleepy!
kind of sick 
has a sick puppy 
ahhhhhhhhh!! why did i have to get sick now? shit, i have only 7 more days of school and i feel like crap 
No longer feel sick, just up from a long sleep, but im still not better 
ed: marvel wiki is sick, it's so detailed. me: mmmmm cookie. ed:  ignored
@JadinShropshire is somebody sick? 
I hate being sick. i feel like crap right now. someone make me feel better 
was supposed 2go2 matts bday cookout but ended up breaking out w/ a fever and i'm getting sick but not hangover sick. so chris w/ himself 
It really sucks bein sick 
@manup4 omg, you should call next time your sick. /glare i can bring soup and fluids 
@birutagme yeah, boats are where it's at! except i get sea sick 
I think my hamster is sick and i hate to see him like that 
hates being sick..going on a week now...  one of the top reasons it sucks to live alone........
I hate being sick on top of what else is going on life sucks so bad right now 
Kidding .. Just sucks being sick 
My mom's sick. 
hoping the cold meds kick in soon...being sick is not fun 
ugh, i must have a terrible immune system. i keep getting sick  .i think i need some zzzz's
My puppy is sick. 
My boy is sick. 
feeling sick... as if i was hungover... as if i just drank 10+ bourbon n cokes... sucks! and can't sleep 
tired-ness, sick-ness. 
think I'm getting sick .. boo !  - shower then out for some drinks with my girls x.
my puppy is sick 
Feeling a little bit sick buuuuu 
taken a nap feelin real sick 
sigh.......   hate lying around being sick and bored...want to be entertained with witty repartee.. any volunteers?
a lot of sick people around.. and i'm one of them  *sneezes* *coughs* *collapses*
@elldacycoe lmao..i keep telling her about twitter! she at work..im at home sick 
sorry i 4got to tell u bout gillian. ill tell u later cuz im sick. food posinioning from bad shushi. wont b on much 4 bout a day. 
@GeezusHaberdash I don't even want 2 imagine ! I do not fuck with the devil  He is one sick mutha .....
wants his little girl to stop being sick and go to sleep 
i've been sick all day. some kind of stomach bug. i hate being sick. 
crap! I feel like I&quot;m getting sick again and this second hand smoke isn't helping 
Being sick sucks for everyone 
My puppy is sick tonight 
I dispise being sick. I was soo good at being unable to get anything for the past year. 
I despise being sick! I was doing so well too! A whole year without anything. 
feelin a lil sick 
being sick sucks.  espeacially when you've got a school ball comming up 
oh, so sick  that's not good 
Being hurt and sick at the same time is making me feel like the devil 
is going to bed...had a crazy weekend...was suppost to go to bama but I ended up getting sick so didn't get to go 
renee is sick!!! arghh have a cold   strepsils are goood haha
ughhh feel like crap  hate being sick !!!
chillin at home sick as hell 
@caylabartolucci hmm what was his name? i miiiight know him. also, there is notjing worse than being sick and not being able to sleep 
using my imaginary option of sick day tomorrow... I really am sick though 
i think im getting sick 
Hates being sick  excited for my interview tomorrow
is sick of being sick   At least I have watched some good movies!
Maybe cause I'm a bit sick. 
Still feeling sick, cant really stomach anything, just pops out again 
ahh i hate being sick! I could have been at the zoo today 
@MaximillianS I'm just sick of some things but I don't want to be a tweety queen so I'm not gonna say exactly why I'm confused  but ahhh
i think my kitten is sick 
I seriously hope I'm not getting sick again... I don't really fancy another hospital stay 
Just woke up, my daughter is still sleeping....I'm feeling kinda sick 
i think im getting sick again  gahh
ah, my nose is stopped up  i'm freakin' sick! help me, what can i do to get better?
I need a new ipod, sick of this one it keeps freezing 
I feel like I'm physically gna be sick cause I'm tired, nervous, scared, hungry, claustrophobic + much more 
i feel a little bit sick - more likely my two choccy biscuits than the 2 bbqs at weekend 
sick  studying 4 science, went to the doc, he gave me these gross tablets lol
new cars amazin. but the little one and hubby both sick  sad times
feels so fucking ill rn. want to go home  homehome, not just my house.
sick kitty pooped all over my bed 
sick sick sick... nice monday, can't even get out of the apt... 
i think im getting sick noooooooo 
Litterally feeling sick at the thought of going back to work 
really really hope i am not getting sick  eskitis is the shit.
Thinks he's getting sick! 
Uugh...Hte bein sick peeps 
@aslowdance haha your weirdd! im only up because of english homework + i have miss nic so ill get dentention it i dont do it  lol
feeling bad again  i hate being sick.
Nothing like listening to your poor, sick dog all night (or child, lover, cat, whatever).  No sleep, not that I really could have anyway. 
taking my sick kitty to the vet today 
My lil' man is sick... to the vet we go 
half the office is sick, im frightened of getting ill 
taking care of my little guy that's sick 
working, after taking care of a sick puppy with a rash 
im at home and feeling sick 
I feel uber bad little ol lady is sick wanted 2 see her sick mom n the nurses wouldn't let her n she almost came 2 tears no bueno 
Spending the day in bed. geez I hate being sick 
Just had kfc - feel sick tho 
My kam kam is sick  had a fun and relaxing weekend!
feeels like craaap!  I was sooo avoiding to get sick! grrr I feeel ssooo shitty being this sick and sitting here in the office.. 
 i feel really really really fucking sick, fml.
Taking care of a sick puppy today  not sure what's wrong with him...
Being sick of this feeling.. 
well.. we were gonna go to hollywood today but my sister is sick  bummer... probably going shopping
ive been in bed sick all day, stomach bug, am throughly miserable 
has to work tonight because everyone's calling out sick. whyyyyy.. 
Omfg im getting sick  can germs be passed by texts
feeling kinda sick today 
@ObsessedDiamond I'm all ill  feel really, really sh*t and cos of this swine flu thing, I need to get swabbed and everything : |
takin a nap...sick 
sick=lost 5 lbs.  time to eat.         -xo
had to come home early from work to pick up a sick baby  one good upchuck and all was good!!
My cat is sick 
I can't remember the last time I was this fucking tired. I think I'm getting sick. 
poor boo boo's sick as a dog...they don't call it that for nuthin'  
phew! got thru reunion...only to get sick!  spent the beautiful weekend sick in bed! 
eeeek.  it's only 4 and the gage's temp is already reaching 100. poor little guy. sick babies are teh sad.
sick  blah, what a horrible way to spend the evening
@PoliBinder oink?   that means if u r sick i wont see u for my bday? 
fuck, i think im sick 
totally feel like im going to get sick tummy is sick 
stuck at home sick again 
I don't feel so good... hate feeling sick 
want to go home to bed  getting sick again
everyoneeee text me while i curl up into a ball  fuck being sick
driving my sick ass to a medical clinic, i hate doing this stuff alone 
In maths...  I think I'm getting sick and feel horrible 
in seattle...and sick  hate my life right now
@glitterstar I can soooo relate!!!  I've got the first of winter bugs down here...and yeah can't call in sick with 3 kids 
I'm sort of sick 
@CrystalHoward2 how are you? how is the workout plan going? I've been in bed sick  3 wks til your wedding I know you are excited
i have to get sick now... / i better freaking heal before july 30th or imma puke ALL over the plane for florida 
@beaulieu85 however at home ill still use twitter lol i live in a deadzone soooo sad 
Laying in bed w/ my sick hubby 
Aaaaaaaahhhh I think I'm gettin sick  nooooooo!!! Bout to get the meds poppin!!
@GeriiGautier  ok ill go for some coffee...
So sleepy... Plus, I think I'm getting sick. 
Off school early, jogging tmw morning then taking care of sick mother 
sick.  still kickin' though.
@TiffanyTran i sure am tiff... but now the fever's gone only cough and running nose.. sigh  i wonder if wendy's sick...
i think im sick not kool at all 
I think im getting sick  fuck.
my lil buddy is sick   Loving on him and prays he gets better soon!
sick and bored out of my mind.  boo for me
has to go back to the vet at 4:00..and get my 2 dogs vaccinated so they dont get sick  poor lily..
My man actually kinda cooked for me. takin it light feelin sick 
i hate being sick.....it's no fun at all 
thinks she's getting sick 
my boo is sick 
is feeling sick, hungover and just generally rubbish 
im so sick, i can't even walk properly. 
@auroravictoria haha maybe.. I was jst sick two weeks ago  have fun in ur roadtrip!
ewe, i have a fever.  guess it`s stress making me sick. 
sick to my stomache and I can't sleep, don't want to puke again but I prolly will, been so dang long since I've done that too 
I can't breathe... I hate being sick. I don't wanna go to sleep in fear of waking up, gasping or breath. 
i hate being sick, now i cant go to drum lessons 
still a bit sick , but @office  
sick  bring me soup
My cat is sick. 
Still get car sick when reading. 
blah being sick is inefficient 
is looking after a sick little girl 
Just had to walk past a big pile of  sick tithe smell is now making me feel sick 
everybody's sick! 
my pandababy is sick.  love you, sayang!
is felling a bit sick but there's so much to study 
i'm definatly getting sick  my throats so itchy and sore. off to sleep. http://bit.ly/G739e enjoy my new youtube videoz
beeing sick is no fun. 
was at the doctors this morning...  i have bronchitis....being sick sucks 
the only thing that is worse than being ill is waiting at the dr's 
feeling sick blaaaaaaaa *be sick*of school  people would be jolly but iwont get the 100% attendce award it so cool and i wont get one 
So sick. I feel hungover and like i got in a fight.....except, i havent drank anything in days and i havent been in a fight. 
so after my run I'm feeling a little sick 
wow twitter is so bad oh well im sick of myspace so ill try this for a while 
CRAM TIME!!!!!!   oh man plus this weather got me feeling sick 
Waking up sick and having to call off work sucks. 
glad it's impossible for me to sleep in anymore. i mean really? my day off and i'm up at 7. this is stupid. also think i'm getting sick 
feels worried with my sis &amp; bro, both sick...  http://plurk.com/p/11c2qh
Is taking care of a sick kid.  
@projectedtwin I'm fine except that im sick right now 
Loaded of homework!! ~_~ im feeling sick too! 
Has a sick little girl today. 
I am sick of being sick!!!! I can't sleep anymore  but I can't sit up without feeling dizzy n pukey 
im getting sick  i need to sleep and read but i cbf reading.
So on top of already being in a foul mood, I woke up with a huge headache (or shud I say, it woke ME up)! I want 2 call in sick to work! 
 I think I'm getting sicker everyday.
mommy, i feel hot.  im sick so i hafta go to bed early. 
god dammit...I hate being sick 
tired... feeling a lil sick 
I fell soooo sick and its way to early but my mom is still dragging me to disneyland 
My poor baby sick on his birthday  but we gone find a way to get his temp down so he can have fun at the park!
home with a sick kid  not fun...i better not get sick..guess ill be twittering all day lol
it's storming again. im so sick of all these thunderstorms! i wish it would be sunny again! 
 got sick at work...kinnda feel faint
Going to chrio then for blood work blah I hate being sick I've felt gross for the last month 
i really feel sick... blah 
Its the worst feeling when your child is sick.... Makes u feel down 
so bored ppl x hate beeing ill x 
I really need to clean my apartment but I'm still feeling sick 
i think im getting sick 
taking care of my sick daughter! 
ohhh shit i really made my mom sick lol she hadda leave work earlyy..my badd momzz 
Today needs to hurry up and be over with. I got a sick kid. 
Just sitting around on my msn messenger.. sick 
What the hell man. I'm falling apart. So sick  and I have bug bites  
@30STMluva it's bonkers by dizzy rascal i think 
im doing nothing because my car is all sick. 
#haveyouever cooked for your boyfriend and later he got sick....   
sick &amp; tired of being stuck indoors all day coz of the local council coming to do my kitchen 
Getting ready for Yankees/Mets games.  Not feeling so well.  I think I'm getting sick 
@mo0dynudie you too...o boy get bettter daughter invitatio to you as well..im frikin sick as a dog with broncittis 
looks like this workplace is infected with the SWINEFLU! - 22% of the staff out on sick leave 
Feels like day 100 of being sick.  no bueno
sick with the only headache and throw up lol I thrw up on my dad &amp; cuzzo they tight need to study for the regents maanana but tooo tired 
Being a good Meowma, taking care of a sick cat!  hmph, my poor lil baby.  
fuck being sick! I have no energy at all 
@kosheracademic  your boy being sick, or something else too? 
back from visiting my sick dad, not looking good - very sad 
is still pretttttty sick  shoulda been more active to get beta haha...
The little guy got sick tonight... I hate the feeling of helplessness when your child is sick. 
heading home....think im getting sick 
My muscles hurt and I am getting sick I believe. I was around too many people this weekend 
I shouldn't be this tired. I already slept a bunch.  I better not be getting sick.   and the thought of drinking coffee makes me queasy
tiress. why cant i fall asleep. feeling kinda sick. 
im getting sick  someone come over and take care of me.
@shadowsbane i dunno. a week or two ago she quit eating much. then she quit eating more. and she's not drinking much. and got sick-skinny 
so sick of (fill in the blank).. on the verge of throwin it all up 
I just back from the school, i'm a little bit sick 
@c_henderson88 make me better  where is my mother when i need her?! living n another country when ur sick is shite craic! need mommy! haha
@litheon sorry I'm not on t help man, being sick is no fun either 
@hannahbrass gah idk if ill even be able to go now my parents hate me 
woke up &amp; feel sick 
I am super sick, yuck 
feeling sick :p not liking it, at all. my tummy hates me 
laying on my bed feeling super sick  and my head is killing me :s goodnight!! lov u all
@NikkiBenz don't u get sea sick hun? When I go deep in the ocean I always do 
sick, someone cheer me up 
getting sick before vacation...grrrrrr!!! not too happy about this folks 
is soakingg wet &amp; prayin i dont get sick ugg 
man this single life really sucks.. im sick as all get out over here.. with nobody to take care of me.. 
ive been in pjs all dayy, being sick suckkkksss  but now watching The Goonies! epiiicccc
Feeling sick as hell 
man why is everyone friggin sick 
Being sick in the summer is lame 
@xjkradicoolx She never learns.  she's eaten 7 toads and gotten sick from all and this is the 4th time she got skunk'd! *sigh*
sick as a dog...got the sniffles and a little cough...this suck! 
taking care of my sick baby... 
@Januaryisfresh oh no my ginger is sick 
Uhoh... puppy has sick belly. 
baby is super sick. poor thing. has an infection. a rash. hasn't eaten all day. just want to hug her loves all night. 
@gab_ree_ell youuuu poor sick baby!  feel better i'm going to go and get you some delicious chipotle haha
my bf is sick, no one to hang with 
@tianamayumi i feel you on that. ill be at school until noon and its a day i cant miss or ill get dropped. fuck! i want to go! 
@westcoastvegas got home safe. now everyone's sick with the flu or something. 
thinks that if i could get out of south dakota it would be pretty much amazing.... but i pretty much no ill always b stuck here 
http://twitpic.com/7lr5t -  sick in bed(couch) with my stuff am-me-null...
mum has pneumonia, got stronger antibiotics - was recommended hospitalization, but stubborn mum wants to stay home at least until monday 
being stuck at home sick when i have a 100 betta things i culd be doing is soo frustrating! 
i know im getting sick and im not liking it 
cursed myself on the train tomorrow @sabrinajonas now im sick  so much for not getting sick in winter
Watching my little daughter witch is sick after some Shots 
is not happy. Needs to sleep to get better, but waking up hurts like a bitch and makes me want to stay up. I hate being sick 
Tired of being sick all the time - anyone got any sure fire immune boosting ideas?!?! All these colds are wearing me out 
9.58 n i jus woke up feel sick 
raining, raining, raining... when will it ever stop? so kapoy na to fold pants and hold an umbrella....  i think i'm starting to feel sick
watching tv board and sick 
im so sick of school... im so sick of subjects.. im so sick of everything..  i want my summer break NOW -_- 
@spirallinguk you poor chick  you must be sick to the back teeth of it by now x
I think im getting sick 
hate when puppies get sick 
hates being sick and the fact that maintenance is going to be kicking me out of my room the next two days 
gosh! am sick.  i hate fever. grr!
arghhhh, my throat feels like burning  hush hush sick. no sick no.
why the fuck did i just go and eat like a monsterous amount of chocolate spread when i'm feeling sick??!! feel 10x worse now 
huhuhuhuh im sick rite now... my girl not in here..!! perfect..!! 
soo i got kicked out of bed my daughter is sick and he's snoring 
making lemsip cause im sick again 
nothing is like breakfast in bed when ur sick 
im so sick   trust me te get sick de min i finish my exams
has a sick kitty... 
jus woke up....feelin sick 
sick  dont want to be at school today :S hate my life so much :@
hello world.   i'm gettin sick again 
taking care of my sick babby bro 
blackberry is sick 
is one sick person today  
tidying the room but im sick 
Oh snap!!! Ahhhhhhhhhh I think I'm getting sick  n I know who 2 blame!!!
@jayteebee life has been pretty hectic since we got back, with sick mothers, and shitty jobs! feels like I was never away 
woke up super sick n throwing up... wtf 
back to work i got!!  im bored lol! but i should look like im doing something ill be back on soon!
sick day  feeeling kinda shabby.
Thinks he's getting sick 
at the beginning, it was magical! xD butterflies to the pt i was feeling sick! now?? the butterflies barely flutter 
sick, left the window open 
is wondering how hard it is going to be to get an appointment at mayo. im sick of being sick 
Never letting D drink out of my slushie ever again I woke up sick as hell  kill myself!!!!!
blehh, feeling sick  maybe an iphone would make me feel better #squarespace
aww my doggy's sick 
@eternity1452 I really didn't need to see that... sick to my belly now. 
no1 is falling for my excuses!! i really dont want to go to greenville nc  im 2 sick to do anything..y do i always have to b forced!!
My lil' man is sick 
works in a daycare, not a hospital. keep your sick kids at home, please? aka: i`m getting coughed and sneezed on 
Taking care of a sick kid 
Being sick sucks. I really have fevers. 
eeeek. mom is veryyyyy sick.  i'm worried.
eeeeek! mom is veryyy veryyy sick. i'm worried. 
Missing my two little sick babies at home.  
I have stuff 2 do and I have no energy I hate being sick well back 2 bed 
Still no sleep super tired and I'm getting sick my throat is starting to bother me.. Not good 
Home with a sick little girl 
feel awful, ill and upset cos i can't go on holiday 
my boo is sick...No lovin for me 
@VictorAbsinthe que malo!!  I'm home sick 
@x_Beckiie_x You sure, I can kick ass if needed . I'm okay, feeling ill though  xx
Awwww my lil buttercup @ItsAshP is sick...  At least I got her some paintballin tickets so that she has something to look forward to!!
Chillil...checkin out dads new itouch..it's sick.I want one 
i'm kind of scared that i am going to be working open to close all weekend long since my co-worker is sick 
@Sunnif i hope you are okay... its no fun being sick (even though i have not been sick for 5 years now) 
@tdnnc poor little sick thing. U should not be at work 
oi vey... sick poley bears really put a damper on beautiful days 
So sick of the traffic in downtown. 
is one sick duck right now. 
@maddlepaddle naww  im sick so ive been sleeping in for ages
is at work and is feeling as sick as a dog 
nobody likes being sick but its the story of my life guess what im sick 
i have a sick baby!  ear infections are no fun!!!
still rrreeeeaaaaallllyyyyy sick  i feel soooo shit. somebody please just kill me yeah.
Taking care of my very sick baby 
@Karjens40 That sucks, I hate it when little kids get sick. 
Graduations take too long &gt;_&lt; feeling kinda sick to top it off 
@fox6weather &amp; @robertjames1 - bummed couldn't come tonight, home super sick.. total bummer but had to listen to body per coach's advice 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired... No doubt about it 
my mommy is sick. to the hospital we go 
headache, upset stomach, fever, cough, suffy nose = two sick kids  
my puppy is sick  please pray for him
relaxing after taking care of my sick little one today 
 My other brother's sick...
@superradchick ur sick  im sorry i love you get rest! I hope u feel better!
i am having no fun being sick. is it time to go to bed yet 
sitting on my couch...sick 
Ahh, my little cat is sick 
 my babe is super sick!
I hate winter sometimes. I like it when I'm in bed and warm but I'm getting sick now.  I'm frustrated with my nose. lol bloody colds!!
omg it so cold and like everyone is getting sick 
i think im getting sick!    this is not good!
@aaroncarter7 im sick  during summer break! this sucks 
Having asthma and being sick sucks. Feels like I have someone sitting on my chest. 
@waydomatic you're kidding about optus right? That's a sick joke 
is sooooooo sick atm.........................feeling terrible 
At work, sick, and gettin worst by the minutes 
Tweeting from what feels like my death bed and is apparently having withdrawls from the medicine that was making me sick 
Please don't let me be getting sick this is not cool at all! so I think I may have to opt for sleeping over the prefered editing 
@kirstiealley i just had one of those yesteday  it makes a sick boy happy again
ohhh  my poor baby is sick
This cold going around stinks. I just realized all most the people I'd like to chill with tomorrow are getting sick 
My body doesn't feel good... Feels like I'm gonna get sick soon 
@angie_carroll the same is happening to me  I hate being sick
Up with a sick kid 
finally eatting a full meal....still feelin sick tho 
Holy balls i hate feeling sick. Might be allergic to sea food afterall 
there is nothing worse then being sick when your not at home! 
taking some airborne! I don't wanna get sick! 
Ridiculously love sick over this one person &lt;/3....and cnt sleep. 
Feeling sick... Coughing up a storm  done with reh. What to do now?
yay. im going to glasgow myself now, one friend is sick and the other has to wait for the tiler so they both cant go! awesome 
just ate some tacos and now i feel kind of sick 
My left tonsil has been a little sore... I hope I don't wake up all sick in the morning 
bf had to call in sick. heard him come in a few minutes ago. said he had heart palpitations 
need cheering up  feeling crappy hate being ill
At work mad sick, it just keeps getting worse. I need rest I think my body is breakin down  can't wait for the weekend so I can sleep!!!
gone to do a food and nutrition exam.. so sick, this sucks  wish me luck.
ate 4 chocolate doughnuts last night and feels sick. hahaha 
@MsBrooks2U while ur out- its ok to get your coloring book and crayons...I have a chest cold too- its going around- too many sick people 
sick as shit... not looking 4ward to writting tomorrow 
Going to work 9-5, feeling verrrry sick. 
cant sleeep super sick. i need my baby 
@lingbellbell stress from new-everything. plus jetlag. plus getting sick 
feels like she may be getting sick 
@hauwei why is everyone sick? I think I am falling sick too!   And I think I just lost all appetite for won tan!
is already paranoid with the issue! (sick)???  http://plurk.com/p/11wpo9
sick of being stuck in the house... i feel as if im in prison and i can not escape 
think i'm getting sick  oh no.
im getting sick  my brother and his gf had a stomach virus this past week. i really hope im not next.
i think i am giong to die. working two jobs and being sick is hella lame. 
@danisach im reaaally sick  u there?
soooo maybe rum isnt my thing.  a least i help clean up my own sick.  sorry holli.
The bitch about being sick caused by anxiety is that my docs appoitment is in an hour and I am getting too scared to go 
is off work sick. For the first time ever  Being sick sucks.
Two sick puppies sneezing 
Laying in bed, just woke up, &amp; feeling kinda sick 
sick  at work but leaving early I think...fucking summer colds.
My poor baby is sick at home  I want to go home!
ill be working at the regis during all the F&amp;W demos/events  perhaps @richardblais will save me some leftovers?!
feelin so sick still. 
im on day 3 towards feeling good, i cant eat much still with out getting sick.  now im at a vet hoping my cat is ok..
@xayejay and @justinlacap I'm hella sick now 
So freaking sick.. 
wth? i think im gettin sick! i need sum1 2 cum take care of me 
sick as a dog, hackin my lungs up 
@Paezmp you dont envy me hun. I got this way being sick 
has an interview at 4, until then working on my horribly sick computer. goodbye hard drive. 
is soooo sad because her bff is sick! 
@riversideboy no i have a sore head and feel sick 
still feelign a bit sick from how dirty my parents are now 
2 sick...2 tired...2 pissed off...soooooo done w/ all this crap!!!  
@noeluu im sick too u.u and the doctor tell me that maybe i have porcina 
So hungover my every move triggers a sick feeling to vomit 
@tomchau don't do it, u'll get sick like i did. 
So sick of being at work  . I wanna go home so I can take care of my baby &amp; his broken jaw 
im a littlebit sick i think 
sick .... not a great feeling 
so as if being sick wasnt enough im getting the side effects of the medicine im taking 
@HannahKashman right i am offical sick of revision aghh my brian is going to explode  how is it going for you x
aww im sad my baby feeling sick  hope he gets better. i feel like everythin that happens to him happens to me  ilyt
think i'm getting sick  oh no.
I always get that sick feeling in my stomach when i drive past an accident. And fear of it being someone i know!  I hope everyone's okay..
totally feel like crap, def. getting sick... refuse to be sick on my birthday 
I might just be getting sick.  http://tinyurl.com/muz7ch
@pmdeleon almost everyone is sick in canada these days because of the swine flu, im sickk too  i have a cold .hope you get better 
im home early, sick with a stupid cold 
Getting a cold, what the fff... I hate being sick 
My baby is sick....he has a fever and im worried....   
my babygirl is sick  pray for her full recovery...
work in 30 min and feelin sick  not good...
i hate this. everyone in my household is sick. now im cleaning and taking care of everything. so much for the start of summer vacation 
Getting fuzzy-headed now  Never went to lunch while waiting for my sick dad to call me &amp; tell me what's up.  He's home now, no hospital.
My sister has H1N1 - she doesn't look good all pitiful and sick 
tired as fuck and sick 
@BozBizz mind sharing wat vitamins you take? i have ss disease and get sick about every 2-3 months 
@lukeawol good luck nursing them to health! I always feel useless when fish get sick. 
is feeling sick, underloved and dosent want to study 
Hates having a sick child 
hates this toothache  (sick)
@tonARRoni hey sexy, i'm a bit sick right now  got a bad cough and recovering swollen ankle, how are you?
misses tim clark  and hella sick
I really hate being sick   I'm so depressed and pouty...
: Wallowing in self-pity...I hate being sick! 
is wanting to go out but can't right now. sucks being sick  also sucks not having any1 my age to hang out with in this city...
aww i think I've worked out whats making me sick - coffeee 
oh crap I think im getting sick 
*yawns* sleepy. heat makes me feel sleepy n sick.  cry. finally found a bathing suit that fits me too.
fun night with jack and dana, but i'm feeling sore and sick. 
Dammit... I think I'm getting sick. 
i feel bad  i thing im a little bit sick 
being sick is no bueno  at all
Home sick with a sick cat 
make this stop!! ughhh. i hate being sick soo much! 
sick of this rain and really hopes that Haylezas dog lives. We both wana go home, and actually dnt wna go to a party. 
feels so sick  i need to get over all this shit
About to get in bed and watch a movie...feel a little sick 
I'm feeling super sick! I am sick. Lol going to sleep. 
my doggie is sick  =[ ..aahhhh!! im sooo saaddd!! dont think ill be able to sleep tonite.. 
what have all ya'll been up2 lately!? i been so busy n sick haven't been able to update 
ugh.. sick as hell 
hate being sick  fifty in five by hilltop hoods is a GREAT song 
I'm going to bed.It's absolute hell being sick 
Up late with a sick little boy. 
@mattxwes I'm sorry your grandma is sick!  cheer up!
ugh. gross. i hate being sick. 
is defs starting to get sick  #fb
Should probably go to bed soon since I have to wake up fairly soon tomorrow. What happened to sleeping in? I've done it once while sick 
this headache and now running nose... oh no.. i can not afford to get sick 
o crap i think im getting sick nooo 
hmmm work soon sooo tired and feel sick and also hungry but cant eat coz sick arggg and raining so gonnu be fucking heaps busy 
I wish i cud wear smart casuals on saturdays, am sick and tired of formal wear 
wish i was going riding this weekend but im sick 
this is not good. i just sneezed several times in a row. i dont want to get sick. i only sneeze whn im getting sick  me no sickies...
is not feeling well today. im so sick. i hate having flu. i can't even breathe well.. urgghh 
Its 4.30am- crap. I hate this sleeping schedule from being sick 
still off sick - feel like poo! 
fuck me were actually in town, feel sick as a dog 
@dreday88 im at homee in bed. sick as hell!! 
cant sleep i am getting sick  ill drink some airborne tomorrow morning
@joshthomas87 my dog is sick at the moment..and we think it might have parvo virus like my sisters dog who passed away monday 
sick.  dont worry it's not ah1n1 haha
im so ill. i do nothing 
says sick again ...  http://plurk.com/p/125shr
is feeling sick  hopefully i'm better by tuesday 
@jersey002 al's sick so tomorrow's a no  spoke to javy over ym. they're all sick in the house! scaryyyy.
felt car sick again, what is wrong with me  i am not a kid anymore
@ caresbear: I didnt get much sleep, feel gross &amp; a little sick. 
Following the advice of my horoscope today!!  Now, if only I could ditch this upset stomach.    So sick.  
hmmm wat will i wear . . . jeans uhh sick of em i wana wear my new summerdress thing  but its cloudy. just ate my breakfast it was alright
@jumprut what why? my update about how sick i am? yesss, my body is not delicious  *oh my goat, it's so wierd*
looks like i wont be able to go to colour tonight  sick as a bloody parrot with flu. 
sick as shit 
whew i tried to shake that feeling with a little more sleep... but man... i hate feeling sick like this 
Is hoping her daughter is not getting sick 
just got up its 1111am, thinking about goin back to bed, sick as a dog ...i need a hug 
(@KatieChute) just got up its 1111am, thinking about goin back to bed, sick as a dog ...i need a hug 
@JULL1234 thats the lamest excuse ever lol you broke my heart, ill never love again 
@elegantmusings oh, hope it's not a cold. i'm sick too  got a horrible cold
ugh I still feel super duper sick...maybe I wont go out this weekend 
*just wishing i could talk to somebody famous !!! lol* besides dat im sick and i dont feel good !!! 
This storm has me feeling sick to my stomach sitting in a ball on my couch shaking.  I am terrified right now.
My dad is sick. 
@kirstiealley ugh i wish i had something to do. im still kinda sick 
starting to become sick of this all,, plans are cancelled happy fuckin summer. 
i actually feel a bit sick now. blagh 
so9 not feelin good! got sick yesterday nd culdnt make colorguard   gah y do ppl get sick?!?
Leaving work soon to tend to the sick boyfriend and then the sick home girl and hope that I don't catch anything... 
not going to my grandpas today, cause im sick 
at home.. being sick in summer sucks... 
my cooper bunny is sick.  i am so worried.  
@KimKardashian awwww i hope u get betta soon !!! I hate being sick 2 
layin in bed already feeling sick 
arghh fcuk stay aht home so sick i hope i don't hav dhat swine flu.  warning!! dO nOt apprOch mee atm. ^.^
just got done with work, blah i want to do something tonight. my roommate is sick  hmm.
sick   laying here with her boo for the night.
i an smell sooo much garlic, its starting to make me feel a little sick, and ive got to sleep in here tonight 
@carateresa I too am sick. So sick of love songs, so tired of tears, so done with wishin you were still here...so sick 
@chingky31 ateeeehh are ya sick? 
my little sis is sick!!! i feel so bad fo her 
Waiting on @sobeskobes..i have an upset tummy  feelin ill.. xokel
Laying in bed with my sick little girl  I hate when she doesn't feel good
well my dog is like sick and my dod do not care!!!!  *crying*
Just had McDonalds, already feel sick. 
Is proper sick, not just flu sick and will be spending the day feeling rancid and watching action movies... 
@allieraebot r u sirous??? ur sick????? 
ow.  I hate being sick. I wanted to get my haircut tomorrow too. rar.
has the chills. i think im getting sick 
My dog is super sick...  pray for her
is home for the weekend with a sick kid 
home, kinda sick-ish, miss my girlfriend 
sick of relay.. so tired and sore  i wanna sleeeeep
Having a kitty is so expensive. This guy is sick every week it seems 
@JohnnyBaxPoker gg bax what a sick cooler 
doing science... sick frm camp activities in the rain  *shiff*
sick, sad, and doing homework 
got that hungry/sick feeling back from this morning.. 
No! I think i'm getting the flu, feel horrible, sore, stuffy nose, headache, feel sick etc. Why do i always get before the holidays 
I hope my mom's dong well, she recently got sick again. She has had a chronic disease since i was a kid, and it's back again. 
feels soooo sick right now. All I really want to do is sleep but I can't 
Is watching a movie with his sick son 
Just threw up  im so sick
I hate being sick especially on vacation time. WTF thats what my sick time for 
.....being sick sucks. idk if ima go to the beach. 
think i am gettin sick 
Hates being sick during summer 
@FloodedViolet thanks hon me to we where up all night. I hate kids being sick. 
@lexeeee: Of all the things I hate about being sick... I hate coughing most  and my sister being sick at the same time in the same way 
Feels like she's getting sick 
sick n cold  but has a new jumper
goin to see my sick grandma 
woke my mom up because im sick 
woah, I feel crazy sick. grooossss... 
miserable. sick as hell 
there is no such thing as sleep when you have a sick child 
goregous little brother is sick 
while everyone is out drinking  and having fun...I'm home sick  http://robo.to/iloovegreen http://robo.to/iloovegreen
i don't seem to be able to make it through one week without either injuring myself or getting sick  grrrr
is shattered that shez sick.. meaning no clubbing tonight 
i'm feeling kind of sick 
granddad got sick , no new bathroom for me today 
extremely tired and feel sick 
Taking care of poor lil sick sarah.  I hope she sleeps and doesn't feel sick again. D:
think i'm getting sick  oh no.
my cats r catching cold &amp; look so sick  poor lil ones!
still out on the highway. its finally light out. im cold and sick 
@swayswaystacey tired  bored  sick of internet
super disappointed in my sore sick self. no simcoe for me. no burial. no final goodbye to gramps...yeah today is going to suck 
my sister's sick.  
just woke up..im sick 
i feel like str8 up shit!!  work up feeling sick like if im going to throw up  ughh
sick  running out of tissues o noes ;O
feels super,super sick. ugh. and the worst headache everrr. 
Just got home and my poor baby's sick 
ugh im sick and missing my kitty 
@steen p.s. how much is your monthly? i'm on the pay as you go plan and it's $62 for me and i'm getting sick of it 
my mom is sick 
o man! I think im gettin sick...my nose won't stop running 
I &lt;3 waking up and hurking. at least sis called; I feels better now. still calling in sick though 
Man I woke up with a headache... again! This sucks. I think I'm getting sick  And I hate being sick!!
is sick and tired of bein sick and tired 
Nothing stinks more than getting sick on vacation 
im going home by myself annf risking being rolled by lads on the nightride. so sick 
falling sick aint no fun at all  goodnight world.
Trying to cheer up my sick daughter.  
sigh.... getting sick again. 
@JessFacch love you too!! yeah wish i could have been there but my mom's sick and now lukey's feeling sick too  will u be there next week?
dfjhgkdf im so sick of not having anyone to play with 
@edythemighty sorry your dog is sick 
@PourinOutSwaver aww that was our (me &amp; yu know who) song  cuz ill rideeeee or dieeeeee
Being ill really sux when you had plans 
@lolly_poppet: matching socks  im sorry ill be there in like an hour
@rockinrose im sick honey 
On the way to the pet hospital my lil pup Phinneas is sick 
watchingcsi;new york, i'm fed up being stuck in, i hate being unwell, 
I am having a sick day..  I just want to sleep, but I have to blog...oh my
Feels so sick after food now 
My grandma is sick.  prayers and good thoughts appreciated.
being sick in such nice weather.. is a thumbs down 
Car without ac not good, too hot feel sick. 
My puppy is sick. He threw up. 
Awww my legs hurt and I'm tired, I hare being sick 
fucking sooo hungover. and sick. ugh.  great night tho  except I put my head through megans wall. I don't remember :S
I'm sooo bored   Being sick sucks!
@Cubancita27 yeah I've been feeling blah all week and everyone here is sick so far gettig soaked I feel it more  it sucks.
urgh im sick - my throat  and i can barely talk and i have to play soccer soon
@PabloMusic buster is sick? 
At work once again and getting sick its great fun.. I dont know what to do anymore it feels like all i do is work and make ppl upset 
Guess who's sick? I never get sick but for some reason I had to get sick this father's day weekend 
sick night, really worried about stuff now 
Is spending the day in bed sick!  and apprently voiceless
feels so sick @taylorrrr_ i hope im ok for later today 
@ViivaLACouturE Haveee fun boo!!!! my sick self gotta stay in 
sick of stupid guys and sad to be home from the beach 
@kellyfitz277 sound like fun. We may be headed home soon cause tara got sick. 
nap time i made my mum sick 
bored, depressed, and sick   Lonely as hell too...
ahhhhhh soo sick   hopin this cough will go away soon :S
brothers having  a party...im sick and being ignored 
@fuckn_koda awww you were?  next time! I'm supper sick right now!
been feeeling kinda sick right now, and misssing my boy 
perfect... summer just started and im getting sick. lameee 
@Footdr69 didn't get to go, my son got sick from the night b4, he also had pink eye 
U got me sickkkkk  jj sick too lol
I think i'm getting sick   must buy airborne tommorow!!
i'm feeling really lakeland-sick right now. i just want to jump back into last semester   can't wait to see everyone again
Someone's sick  get well soon yeah! ^^
kind of sick  ... ready for bed !!!
watching snl... kindaaa sick of the repeats already 
@willserwin  im sorry. i really hope you feel better. you dont ever get sick. 
is a tired and sick pup...I hate summer colds!! I feel like poo 
@mr_billiam  mine just runs whenever i excercise.  im so pissed at being sick, i want to go back to the dandenongs, lol
@lililovegood i dont think i can.  My dad is still being a bitch. I can barely go to warped. :/ ill try again though.
my poor daddy is sick 
@ameym21 haha I know  dw @kthxx ill be your groupie rofl
@bryanboy your sick at the worst time boy 
crappy day turned awesome at work, only to come home to discover that my chico dog is sick 
@realsamcarter i hope i do well. i am trying to get my husband to go to but hes getting sick 
@BriannaNM awwww   im prlly gonna cry then! haha - i'm a big animal lover...soooo ill tell you whether or not the water works start! Lol
@mr_billiam dont think i gave it to you as i had completely different symptoms. Though it seems everyone on the trains were sick 
happy father's day! essay essay essay! sick sick sick 
I fell soo sick  ma head is in so much pain can't even sleep
husbo's sick 103 deg fever.   way to end vacation
has sore throat and fever.  (sick) http://plurk.com/p/12lyk1
bein drunk is cool till u feel sick.. uggghhh 
I went salsa dancing tonight w friends. so much fun I highly recommend it. however its not smart 2 do if ur sick. now my whole body aches 
@amailie YOU take  break! hahahha. i refuse to take breaks! except that im sick. and dying 
im so sick and tired of believing that i cant. 
im so sick of the rain i wish it went away 
takin care of a sick girlie 
most people i care for get sick these past few days. 
well i was only asking because im sick w/ fever &amp; a little cough @MyNameIsIssa. i don't want 2b absent as well but things r different now 
My laptop is sick again 
Being sick really sucks  http://plurk.com/p/12otd1: Being sick really sucks  http://plurk.com/p/12otd1 http://tinyurl.com/lb6djk
I think Tigalily is sick again  am sitting with her to try and cheer her up.
says *cough cough*  (sick) http://plurk.com/p/12p3lo
wifey is sick  ..prolly will go to church solo today.
taking care of my sick puppy 
cant sleep...just lie and cough my guts up..so grosse...hate being sick..and to think i cared for pigs and this is how they repay me 
feeling a bit sick  also very bored!
i feel bad... it's a shit being sick 
feel so sick  head hurts too.... damn you artificial heat and very strong perfume! yes im strange, i know :L
ugh feeling sick on fathers day  not good and i think my medicine is stuck in my throat =[
Feeling sick, not so happy been crying all day feel like shyt! 
@kendralala no! you cant get sick!  take medicine, go to sleep, do something! aahhhhh!
i'm awake. i feel kinda sick  maybe cause i've been in bed so long.
Is in bed feelin ill  sad times for me
Having a lazy sunday, considering i can't move from my bed, i hate being ill 
@g0girl feeeeel bettterrrrr. &amp; by feel better, i mean fucking stop getting sick.  you poor thing.
@lisaitalia823 I'm kinda sick  depends how I feel. We came last week &amp; couldn't find u :'(
The boyf is sick and alone in foreign land. &amp; it saddens me that I'm not able to be by his side to take care of him.  I hope he's well.
But now I feel a bit sick 
sick and dizzy and didnt get to go to chaamps elysee 
hello twitterworld.. just came to say hi... im sick sick sick 
@MissJennyYang are you feeling sick from lack of lunch, or haven't had lunch cause you are feeling sick? i've been ridiculously busy. 
@robyngodfrey same heree, and im sick 
I hate being sick everyones tweets depress me 
@LevnUMesmerized exactly! lol..they do them an we do us! lol &amp; we r lookin at apts for us..aka no more pink  ill be traumatized! lol
tired already...maybe I'm still a little bit sick 
ugh im sick today  got a cold from these kids i babysit
sick  so taking a nap maybe fire with people laterr &lt;3
Trying to play with lucy but have got belly ache and feel sick  glad im at the doctors tomz
oh my word. do not watch this if you have a sensitive stomach.   http://tinyurl.com/l4ukxf I'm actually feeling a little bit sick.
feels really bad cause now my sis is sick......   sowwy..
@yashved_2890 jobless sux..  my daughters good-been sick on &amp; off a couple wks...ive been lucky-only got a touch of it..seems every1s sik
i feel abit sick ya'know.  buttt going to see someone special tomorrow. :')
Loving that its my birthday 2mro and im sick  and working...
sick again  what the fuck is wrong with me?
jeanette is sick. and taking a nap.  but her brother is flying over to cali this tuesday. 
@shanedawson  so sorry youre sick. get better really fast!
verrry verrry sick    pray 4 may!!!
@shanedawson awwwwww im sick too  but i rly hope you feel better
 oh my poor baby is sick...
@shanedawson no, shaney cant be sick 
I feel like garbage. I hate being sick. I also hate being stuck working while sick. I'm losing my voice. 
@JOEsus make me feel better! i ate too much and now i'm a sick girl 
back to this obese, lazy, disrespectful continent 
I'm getting sick, got the chills 
scrambling to find people to help me move my furniture....since my ading is sick and can help me move anymore. 
I am feeling better but now the gf is sick 
I think i ate to much  i'm feeling sick... And baby boo deployed so it aint the good kinda sick 
Winding a ball of yarn should not be this tiring. I *must* be sick. That drained me. 
still feeling like shyt...being sick in the summer sucks! 
woke up sick...  ....sum1 help...
@PerryBelcher lol right here! I had a sick kiddo yesterday 
is feeling sick, please not the swine 
@wrkthisout2nite lol nicee hahaha i hope im not getting sick 
sick  goin to school. transformers tonight prob
ahhh! super stressed... work sucks, and now my dog is sick!! i hope she gets better 
Starting to feel sick... oh no 
i think that im getting the sick. 
@CamiRose let me know where you decide to stay! and feel better!! being sick in the summer sucks 
Home with sick daughter Molly 
@themadmom so sorry you're dealing with a sick boy   may it be gone quickly!  just found out it's in my little guy's preschool, hugh
argh sick to death of bein ere! 
SOS: someone bring this sick child some pho please! hahaha 
sick  im terrified i have the swine flu ahhh!!!! sore throught upsett stomach headache!!!! ahh!!!!
Feels icky and also sad that I missed seeing my boyfriend today   I hate being sick!
Feels quite sick. And appears to have lost the shoes she wants to wear. 
oh man i hate being sick @ home in bed 
ughh.. been sick for the past two day and it sucks! the weather here is sooo nice but can't enjoy it, stuck inside 
@clairel93 I'm dying, I've fainted twice...so sick.. 
has pretty much just been sent home from work for looking too shit. haha. not complaining though...! feel soo sick 
@KisseyAsplund i am soooooooo not kidding. i don't mind it. but his room is opposite my parents.  so ill feel for them mostly
bowser is sick  and he got sick all over my bed... maybe it was the entire box of twinkies he ate. off to do more laundry
@cecesusie CONGRATS. i want in  have fun for me and feel better. my baby cousin is sick with the same thing
stuck in bed sick with the flu for the last two days...can't even enjoy the nice weather 
ahh, i hate being sick. going to the doctor in an hour  i better be better for warped tour on sunday. :/
feels like shit...i hate being sick! 
Looks like a sleepless night - worried sick and actually hate this bad feeling 
I think throwing up is my least favorite form of being sick 
@brittney127 wat it do lil mama ..u styll sick 
is sad because her F's sick cat passed away 
joey is sick  huu
So sick of work bullshit it's not funny. 
@rbtznmrschico sry to hear that.. Didnt know anything bout him or what sick with but did daven for him.. 
so sick!!! i have too many things to do to be stuck in bed with a cold!!!! 
@monalittlemore holy crap! You're really sick sick!  you ust get better soon!
im... sooo sick  i hope i get better before my curies
My poor puppy is sick  She's been puking all day. I feel so bad for her!
feeling sick and have a headache. dont think ill be getting any sleep tonight 
At home sick today  Eurgh.. hate being sick...
Feeling sick as a dog, sleepy as hell and I am dizzy I don't wanna work tomorrow  I really don't, cause I could barely speak and my j ...
ok...getting off this thing...hope i am not getting full blown sick....again    need chicken soup!!!
Working on comics... still feeling sick and very weak. Doctors didn't call me back. 
Is being a bus wanker  feel so ill!
i hope you wont give a damn! sick 
looking after a sick little girl 
another day with medicine.wth! And the cough is getting worse.roar.never felt good of getting sick during holz. 
My body start to feel ache.. I think gonna fall sick soon.. 
@littlemisslotus @grantbeattie whatever this cold is, i'm surprised i got it, i never get sick 
i feel a little bit sick ... ugh 
argh had day old meat feeling sick 
ughh, ouch..  i'm freaking sick, helpp?
Feeling dizzy and sick, great just when I've got work to do 
I'm feeling sick. Guuuh.  I must feed myself. I want some pizza!
@emmavshurricane you finally give up and im sick of tweeting. 
my doggie is sick   he needs to get well soon!
sick of this im going to bed 
feeling sick better call it quits, yuck 
my brother's sick... 
0ff to wrk sicker than ever 
so sick  never underestimate sinsusitis nothing makes u feel more miserable
ugh im sick again 
Note: don't sleep with a fan on 100 blowing in you're face... U will wake up and realize u need to go buy meds cause your sick 
hates being sick! Running out of stuff to watch! 
On my way to the damn doctor.  i hate being sick.
@Brajana I had to get up and feed the sick bunny and that takes a while.  I knew it and I also knew I was going to be late!  
My baby is sick... she even asked for the medicine that she tried to hide the other day. 
sick baby duty again 
i think im getting sick 
With my munchkin @ the vet, his sick. 
My doggy is sick...please pray for her! 
harvey is sick 
Dealing with a fussy, sick baby, poor guy, thrush 
is getting sick of the spects... some1 tell me how to see better plz 
life is such a BITCH, i'm def sick of it 
omg. the smell of blue raspberry koolaid was making me sick. until i realized it was my chapstick 
just woke up feel kinda sick haha 
Still not &quot;sick&quot;, per se, but still not feeling great - avoiding the hospital until I'm better 
@aprilfmay haha  id love that. 6 r ball gear! 7sick gear! 8 ??? ill keep thinking k 
Nothing like coming back to work after being sick. So much to catch up on! @oniisan608 you shave? wow! 
fuck a party... ill stay my sick ass home and talk to her 
@puck90 Don't even think about getting sick! 
@ddlovato  Aw. have a safe trip sweety. ill miss you more  ox
@Mclovin094 haha ok. ill check it out 
i bought a sick beanie hat 
&quot;So sick, so sick of being tired. And oh so tired of being sick.&quot; going to bed. tomorrow should be fun 
@missababe drunk no doubt lol, its ok ill be drunk later when you wake up lol 
@URIENATOR so yea ill take the riskk, ill probably hate myself for it but meh you only live once  so ill ask my dad... mosh?
sick and tired of making my speech.. damn 
leavig to go &amp; sort my hair out. &amp; to drug myself up on paracetamol. it sucks being ill. but back inabit kids. 
leaving to go &amp; sort my hair out. &amp; to drug myself up on paracetamol. it sucks being ill. but back inabit kids. 
http://tinyurl.com/7vadb8  I can never get sick of Musicals
@stanisms and ill hug you back only because ive decided youre my sasaki 
@chelsea_playboy we shall be sick together *party dances* but maybe when we arent sick -__- &quot;for dinner can we has sooooup? &quot; bahah 
@JessAmerica haha.. twisted and sick.. love it.. i think..  
@moonfrye ok i know 4 a fact u dont have the swine flu trust me ok its most likely allergies (or wat ur daughter had  feel better)
is soooo over school...maybe sick..all week *evil laugh* 
@ElvisHsiao Haha great, ok don't eat too many or you'll feel sick 
besides feeling sick...some things have made me feel particularly happy 
is feeling sick .... oh well, i reckon those people on the bus cursed me.... Anyways, nighty night all!! 
Almost got sharpied in the face while falling asleep  being sick sucks!!!
recovering from being sick ... anyone want to bring me soup? 
im sick to my stomach wit hall this bullshxt - ill be on later. adios! follow me 
@LuvD143 no problem..  sick season i guess...i am gonna get sick as well..not enough sleep i guess..darn assignments. haha..follow me~ 
@saaam23 yeah haha for sure ill go to the fiesta. ill really really really try for ek. 
@thebleachworks Awwww pobrecito your sick!!!!! too bad I'm not there to take care of you!  feel better babe!
Wireless keyboard and mouse good when sick in bed watching tv 
Carlitosway89 heyy heard u were sick... Awhh i hope u get bttr soon and get in the studioAgain!  much love &lt;3
Here then gym then to ct to be in my babys arms  kinda getting sick I loath my brothers ughh
going downtown with tyler and aubrey to go take some sick photography 
@eliiiiza yep @tdm911 is sick so i'm taking advantage of the lazy time 
@Katreeeena hungover/sick bro is keeping me up. I could sleep fine without the noise. But thanks for the milk 
@britttnicole kris allen's version of heartless is sick.  love it.
@OweeW pfft no. live at home til im like 40  ill be a bum!!
@anathematic sequel pro is sick  ill look into sql lite, cheers
@IcarusWingz its all good man, i have just found out he rang in sick for work so he is alive 
@JohnPeel i know man, since he got on a full time contract and gets sick pay he is using it to its full potential 
rather board right now and feeling sick again!! sat next to my ginger friend 
@lunarflash wot the hell!! u sick again?? my hdd an i will cum visit the patient this week.  U got sum theraphy 4 u 
@whatsername2 im hoping 5... and ill at least do three  probably four... and maybe five... and how awkward would he be to meet??
@thatgirl_jana say your sick and kick it with me 
@veronicanc nope ill eat it every week!!!  http://myloc.me/1nr5
people is making me sick, you know who mimi 
Home with my other sick child today.  Hopefully, he'll feel better soon. 
Nquil is my friend  I'm soo sick of being sick...ok I'm done with this now
glad she isnt sick anymore 
@CatherineYetive never get sick of anyone's @ replies 
@reinsangeki yeah.  ill be online via itouch.
@marieclr still at home sick, boooo. Hopefully now on the mend though 
#followfriday because he is as sick in the head as I am (and was whining he does not get tagged on fridays) @antonstrout 
