Most common words for this cluster:
[('sims', 344), ('computer', 22), ('game', 19), ('sim', 16), ('lol', 13), ('card', 9), ('na', 9), ('laptop', 8), ('playing', 8), ('money', 6), ('wants', 6), ('haha', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sims', 0.9782389402389526), (u'sim', 0.7544494867324829), (u'zelda', 0.608772873878479), (u'kinect', 0.604177713394165), (u'arcadey', 0.6033145785331726), (u'flight_sims', 0.5983191132545471), (u'rpgs', 0.597547173500061), (u'gamecube', 0.5932133197784424), (u'ps2', 0.5905770659446716), (u'mulitplayer', 0.5857179164886475)]





I miss the sims 
I want a sim card now, please? 
@sims27  Hoping nothing lost that is irreplacable!
playing the sims since its all yucky and rainy out 
wanting my sim card to work 
@sims  dude, u totally spoiled Australian lost fans! 
@orangeinah i want sims 3 too 
@sims Thankyouthankyouthankyou! I was dying here. 
@sims yess its the saddest thing ive watched 
Why is the sims being so flipping annoying? 
i think we won't get anymore stuff packs now they'll do the sims store from the start of sims 3 
@sims that was the best part, BUT not such a good ep otherwise 
@sims actually don't try it i think its an offers complete crappy thing 
@sims3addicts - link doesn't work 
is download the sims 3 gabisabisa   http://plurk.com/p/vhf3g
all my sims keep dying. i don't think i'm playing right. idgi. 
what if my sims get h1n1 too 
@igortizz argh, sims 3 is still yet to come out here  jealoussss
Apperently ea knows my copy of the sims 3 is not legit and is upset 
wants to play sims 3 badly 
nooo! i dont want to leave the sims 3  oh well goodnight everybody
the sims makes me so anti-social! 
reinstalling the sims 1 since my brokeass can't afford the sims 3 
@sims wish I could be there  
@benjy1416 sims 1 or sims 2  which do i buyyy
sobbing. my sims2game keeps crashing...   thought I had some corrupt charaters, but since i had just finished deleting all my characters.
i wanna play sims, but i lost my game, 
@Francisk91 i've got it its not as good as sims 2 
i want my sims 3 
I want the sims3 
i want the new sims! but my computer cant handle 
wants to play sims3!! 
exam final stuff  waiting for sims 3.
why can't the new sims game be like 20$... 
So far I am dissapointed with the sims 3 
sore feet  yay sims 3 on thursday! lol i am such a nerd :p
sims 3 released...if only I could download it 
sims!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if only dan wasn't completely asleep on the couch. i want to go now 
bought sims 3, but it turns out we don't have a computer worthy  that will teach me to pay for a game
@TheSims3 why does sims 3 only work on new macs? i just went out and spent $56 in hopes that it would possibly work but it doesn't 
i want sims 3 
i want the sims 3 
@thesims3 i just got it and when i go 2 create a sim it always crashes..whyy 
@SightBCC I want sims 3 
is bored...even bored of playing the sims [2] 
@alicelolz @ambiejen I hate everyone who got the sims3 cuz i didn't...yet  So jealous.
want the sims 3..now 
i want sims 3. 
@enjoyyourbunny lol it sucks that my sims have a better life than i do 
i wanna play sims 3  #sims 3
i want sims 3 soo bad 
i want the sims 3!!! 
sims 3 is cool...but  i have so many families on sims 2  
@noevidenz lol. i want sims 3 
i want the sims 3 
fell like playing sims 3  i dun even have it 
Eating maoam and wishing she could get the sims 3 sooner 
i want sims3, shame my pc is a snail 
i want the sims 3 and my wrath to be here 
@Charislicious sims 2 was a horrible visual experience for me 
i wasn't able to buy my new sim 
dying to get the sims 3 
i want the sims 3 but i can't 
what happened with my the sims 3? fcuk 
I want the sims 3 
The sims wont install 
@cassie_cupcake i want my sims 3. 
I wish I could play the sims  x
I really wish I had the sims game  blahh
sims 3..not all its cracked up to be 
i want the sims 3 
@james__buckley I thought sims 3 was such a let down  I think I actually prefer sims 2! And it's made me computer sooo slow!
@Smophberry i think my sims 2 is chewed up its never owrked properly 
gonna play the sims 3 and make roleplay characters. since my sims 2 game got deleted 
 sims 3 is messing up abit....
The sims 3 is not working on my computer 
I just have a girlfriend (in the sims3) 
@JeNjEn2007 and my sims had twins 
@anonymouskat wow sims 3!!! good for you! my laptop will NOT be able to run that game.. 
I just want to go home and play the sims 
is jealous of everyone who has the sims 3 right now 
@blackenedsky omg ur into sims I can't stand those games 
I miss my sims game 
sims 3 just crashed for the first time since i got it... well that was a good streak 
@kekeinaction i LOVE the sims! how is it? i havent gotten it yet.  lol
i want to play sims 3 so bad. 
I want sims 3 
trying to get my new sims 3 game to work. and failing miserably. 
@leesucks SRSLY. @ywgdana i'm totally hooked on sims 3 too  this game has taken over my life.
wants to get sims 3 
My sims house is unnecessarily huge 
Why does everyone have the sims 3 already ? soo unfair. 
@HighOnViolence Is that the sims 3 i see?!?!?! not fair  they had it on special for $65 but i only had $50 with me
want to play sims 3 
the sims won't work on my computer.....  have to sell it. gutted!!
i want to download sims 2 or 3 
wants the sims3 really really badly...REALLY REALLY BADLY! 
i need sims 3 now! 
I want sims 3! Right now  It looks so good http://bit.ly/c1mv9
is thinking about playing the sims lol but not on pc 
sims 3 won't work on my g5 
I wanna play gta or sims but I can't. fml 
@x_kateeeee i want sims 3! but i have no money too! 
dang, how i miss playing the sims 2 and also desperately wanna play the sims 3 
I got sims 3...was so exited the....I found out,,.,.,.,..my graphics card was not the version that the game required 
mau the sims 3 
trying to install the sims 3 , i dont have a video card that has this pixel mode 2.0 
 sims 3 doesn't work on my pc.  will have to persuade my dad to buy a new one.
errr ok apparently even if i did get sims 3, i wouldnt be able to play it on my laptop baddd times 
can't play the sims 3 
3. sims 3 - now none of my sims 2 expansion packs will be compatable and completely worthless 
@sims3addicts I got it now... It is very slow so I haven't even gotten into it 
i really want sims 3! cant believe i fogot to buy it - bet its sold out now 
i really want the new sims 3   i need to get a job
@P0150N0U5F15H but.. you'll have the sims  and it never smelt when i had it lol must be you :p what have done done to it! 
should really be working...i really want the sims 3 
i am so depressed. sims 3. DOESN'T work. well not on my computer. or laptop. 
Looks like I messed up on the sims 3. used the wrong card to preorder it with :| Lol  
i wanna play sims 3 badly but i can't coz i don't have a graphics card 
My sims would look better if they have better clothes 
sims 3 is not working 
I want the sims 3 but won't install on my computer. 
the sims 2 &gt; the sims 3, tbh 
i want to play sims 3 
wants sims 3  howwwwwwwwwwwwww
i want to get the sims 3 but i don't have enough money saved up 
i wanna play with sims 3 but my fucking computer has some problems 
has the sims 3 but is having trouble installing it 
awww. I want the sims 3 too 
pengen the sims 3 
i want the sims 3... but my comp doesn't have enough memory... 
@adlazinator the sims 3 is so fun ^__^ the controls are kind of annoying but otherwise its really cool~ and ouch blisters 
I fell asleep  I hope jojo's revising and  not playing the sims 3...
i want sims 3 
and sims 3 doesn't want to work on my laptop 
sims 3 just overheated my computer. &amp; i couldnt save the game 
@mental_a dont be mean ive waited a year for sims3; i cant play it cuz, when i goto create a sim, the people are shadowy and black. 
i want sims 3 but i prolly won't get it till christmas  oh well.
My laptop's kindaaa too slow for the sims 3 
@dannmatthews omg drama at the sims house! i wish i could play sims on my mac 
i want sims 3 
is playing sims 3 for the first time.....and has got to say is a little unimpressed 
the sims 3 is sold out 
taking the sims 3 back tomorrow  so bummed. i guess i'll stick to sims 2, is there much difference anyway??
I really hate how slow the fast toward is on sims 3!!! It pisses me the hell of!!! I hate waiting so long for my sim to finish sleeping 
I love to hate all the sims games. they get so addicting  
@usmc81 probably the sims 3. I want it. 
i want the sims3..stupid laptop 
I want sims 3 
@alisaaaaa sims 3 isn't as good as double deluxe.  too complicated.
is playing the sims again, text meeeeee please 
@OMGitsalic: oooooo i dont have the sims no more  
@TheSims2 are you guys going to stop posting and eventually die out like the sims 1 website  I hope not! I play the sims 2 and the sims 3
i bought the sims 3!! when i went to install it my video card was not compatible  i have and nvidia geforce2  mx 100/200 
@macjamesward oh okay, i bought the sims 3 and i didn't like it  the sims 2 is way better.
i'm less excited about touch screen already  watching @alexandermcnabb trying to figure out how to put the sim in!
@Zoezxxx aw  does the comm have any old versions of sims that work?
i need sims 3 
i want the sims 3 
Just finished downloading the sims 3. It's hella slow when I play it tho. What should I do 
the sims 3 is so slow and hard to play ! 
stupid computer restarted when i was playing the sims 
Is trying to download the sims as my disc doesn't work! 
I want sims 3 
really wants sims 3 
i want my sims 3 back off my dad 
Doesnt like the sims 3 
I want my sims 2 back 
@Sharonyy i brought sims houseparty home but it aint working  
i wanti get sims 3 now haha. everyones going on about it 
Mhmmmmmm day in bed with sims 3  yessss!! rain 
I want the sims 3 
really wants sims 3 
@kahfists the sims 3? aaai eu querooo! 
The sims is going so slow; he is on 2,9%  only like 100 days to go
 my mate now has sims 3 talk about trying to kill me 
i can feel that everybody playes sims 3 excepting me! so frustrating 
i can feel that everybody plays sims 3 excepting me! so frustrating 
I want the sims 3.... 
the sims 3 is shit! 
@hellocuppycake no I don't have it on pc yet  but the one on my phone is already downloading!!! I'm so exited. I'm adicted to sims hhahaha
is disappointed with the sims 3. it is not bringing me satisfaction like it should 
awh i want sims 3 
wondering if sim 3's that good or if i should just keep on playing sims 2  i bet you people will stop making cool stuff to download for us
really wishes she had enough money to buy the sims3 
 need to steal a macbook to play this sims 3
@orobb33 you do need leopard on a macbook to play sims 3. I have the same problem; my macbook is 3 yrs old so it wont work with sims 3. 
bah. too tired to do anything effective, and the sims 3 keeps crashing 
@AwezomeDude my computer is too crappy to play sims 3 too, don't feel bad lol  we'll start a club
sims 3 will not work for me  soooooo unfair! no sims 3 for me!
OEUTEOWJFKDLSJFIOEUJTIOEWJDLSKFUEWOI i want my sims 3 to workkk 
i want the sims 3 aswell now  just cause everyone else got it 
Currently playing sims2, I'm boycotting sims3 because I find the sims drop dead ugly. 
okaaay sims is annoying really slow  ughh!
i want the sims there so bad!!!            
the sims game won't work 
I want to play the sims 3. 
really wants sims 3 but it is really expensive! 
@electricskyline i want sims 3 tooooooooooooo!!! 
@tonjethilesen what is new in the sims 3 ? I asked, but nobody replied 
sims 3 STILL won't work on my computer ugh, i really wanna play it 
is annoyed the sims wont work 
sims 3! sum1 buy it for me. pleez 
@Wallprice  i have no money  so i'm jsut playing sims 2. is it good ? i heard you can only have one neighbourhood ! tghats stupid !
I want sims 3 
going to return the sims 3 game since i cant play it on my computer 
i want the sims 3 but i haz no money just like i haz no cheezburger... 
I miss the sims 
My teenage sim and my toddler sim are both stuck.  #sims3
@folkinaround I want the sims 3 
fsckVPS is down, and so is my sim 
Ugh that one didn't work either, stupid sims 3 torrents. I'm trying one more! I can't help I can't afford to buy it  I need a job!
My sims 2 disc won't work  now i have to buy sims 3
i wish sims 2 would work. i know ive got sims 3 coming in a few days but i cant waiiiiiit i need to satisfy my sims craving 
according to utorrent, the sims will take 1w and 3d to download 
the sims 3 sucks on my computer 
i really want sims 3  lalallaa
I want my sims 3 now 
I was in the middle of playing sims. 
Has the sims 3, but needs to revise 
our main computer is removed! No more sims2 and no more happy memories with it!  - http://tweet.sg
playing sims but tired and bored and feeling lonely 
i want sims3 
@thesansinator i'm sadly still obsessed with the sims too  goodbye, productivity! 
my computer just crashed during my sims 3 game... 
I now have sims 3 but not enough memory to play it.... 
sims save game corrupted  - *not a happy bunny*
uninstalling sims2 to make room for sims3... i have no life 
i want the sims 3 
so wanting sims 3 ...   anyone knows where to buy and how much it is there???
@smacula bored. i still want sims 3. 
@Smithreaux I wish I could play sims 3 
attempted to stop my boredom but the sims 2 only stopped it for a little while 
I just spent an HOUR making a sims 3 house.. it was amazing. And then I forgot to save properly   At least I took some pictures
Wants to play sims 3 but had to take it back  to the shop because it was broke  And they did not have any spare games  HEELLLPPP :'( X
@AnnAJobarteH sorry Annaaaaaa...you need the disc to play sims 3 
@TheSims3 my sims 3 game run's slow 
i want sims 3 
i got sims 3! but im at my moms so now i can't play it 
@stolethenight I didn't like the sims 3  I played with it for maybe 2 days and got sick of it...i think i prefer the sims 2 
@shtickemup no sims 2 
@driveways99 ahah I still havnt played my sims 3    its so sad!
simself update: i definitely did NOT put my sim in underwear. the sims uploader did that. she was in shorts! this is so embarrassing 
@sergeantkero are you using mac or windows? I miss my sims..  #the sims 3
 . I was want to buy the sims 3 . But it sold out . Wtf . Haha..
The sims is addicting... Lmfao I even told my boss I needed to go home cause my sim was in the hospital having a baby he didn't buy it 
is in trouble with my sims 
the sims 3 oh the sims 3 
sims 3 looks awesome... too bad my computer is too old for it 
i think my sim card has died 
I should probably study, but I want to play sims3 
@melxvengeance I know what you mean, I just have a general sims addiction I think. I kinda prefer sims 2 but it doesn't work on my laptop 
sims 3 sucks  could've happily stayed with sims 2...
god damn it, my card got rejected. now im not getting the sims 3 
i cant find the sims 2 disc. this makes me very sad 
@starsapart it's part of the criminal career, so that's probs why lol  they never went to jail on sims 1! Haha 
has just installed sims 3 yay. too sleepy to play though. off to bed 
Playing sims. By my lonesome. 
if I play anymore sims, I am going esplode, though 
just finished playing the sims 3 and it was pretty disappointing  i thought it was gonna be soo amazing and fun but.....i was sadly wrong.
i cant play my sim3! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
I want to play sims 3 
i just died by lightning.........in sims 2 
Why will the sims 3 work on my dads computer but not mine 
@jmccrae i'm playing the sims 2, i feel inferior 
Now I really hate my computer...because it's to slow,so i can't play the sims 3.i love the sims 
would like sims3 more if her computer wasn't SO HORRIBLY SLOOOW!!!   
i am dying of boredom and yet i am lazy to leave the house!  maybe i should get sims 3 soon!!
@zandraisabelle aw  i know how you feel though coz i only had sims1 for aaages, it sucked lol 
I want a sims 3 so badly 
trying to get the sims 3 to work on her laptop but it doesent appear to be working! 
@tanyafw tan, just stop talking about the sims 3. I'm envying you 
sims 3 is soooo stressful 
watching mary cheat on me in sims 3 
saudade de jogar 'the sims'  he.
@druey u never even replied with what u thought of ur sim 
Ugh. The sims 3 is not working. 
I miss my sims game/ @hiitsjordan texting me. I'm bored. 
@PhillyD http://twitpic.com/7o85d - lol i wish i had sims 3  but lol
just got a call from ebay :| my sims 3 cd hasnt yet arrived...sigh 
My phone keeps eating my sims games 
Imiss my sims3 
*sigh* sims 3 cant be handled on my comp or my bros its too much  if i only had a laptop......
Playing sims 3. Its my sims birthday today. I dont like when they get old 
problmes with sims 3!! 
the sims 3 goes really slow on my computer  what do i do
testingcheatsenabled is better in sims2 than sims3 
have to return sims 3  and get it when i have money =[
i want the sims 3 
Playing sims 3 &amp; missin brianaaaa  Its a reminiscing night.
I need the sims 3 
meh. still no sims 3 
sims 3 is taking over my life 
@princesscasaba haha. Is final fantasy any good? I can't get into sims 3 
@Noodlestein_ my computer won't run sims 3 anyway  I'll have to settle with 2 for now
@timrogers you went to the sims 3 launch at gamer base without me?! 
I had to pry myself away from waiting for my sims3 dad to pass away  to get ready to go to creepy midwestern... http://plurk.com/p/13cneh
@poynterlubz ah i see!, and cool you should play it properly :o it's much better than sims 2 shame about no custom content though 
the sims 3 
is sad because my husband won't let me download the sims 3 or the sims 2 on my new blackberry. 
@SaraColada playing the sims,  I'm sorroz.
can't play the sims 3 
Butuh the sims 3!!!!  http://myloc.me/5BRq
Playing sims 2  yeahhhh haha
Woho, im playing that boring game, you know, when you are installing sims. I got highscore! YEY! 
I was playing sims2 when all of a sudden one of my sims got hit(and killed) by a falling satalite. 
i should be going to bed now........ but i think i will play some sims before i turn the lights out... 
playing the sims! so much fun! 
pythonkings.nl    equals ----&gt;       almost better than the sims....
sims2 is addicting but i cant wait for sims3 this summmer 
Playing  The sims!
@sims You should reread the series 
installin the sims 2.hahaaa.thanks sheila 
@TheSims3 Lol, it looks good and funny. I'm going to rewatch it and see all the sims change 
@comedyqueen sims....wait for it...3!!!! XDXD errm 5 of june 
@sims If you want to help a fellow muggle in need,  you would tell me how I can get this sims 3  xoxoxoxo
@dmurawski haha,yes, the sims 3! I'm so excited for that 
so amused by the sims 
